8.34 R
Page 30
He sat with a tiny magnifying glass, going over every inch of the cube from the outside, then inside, waiting for views of the interior and doing mini-sketches with charcoal and parchment to get clues as to how to fix it. It was relaxing and soothed the soul. Relc finally uncovered the mini-ridgelines of wood you slid across the exterior of the puzzle, eighty two slots in total, over four hours, and finally collected the first jade key.
“Yes!”
That was a good time. Then he went to meet with the Gnollish authority in Cellidel.
 
—-
 
The burned stall had come from a Drake who refused to sell to Gnoll customers. Relc watched ashes being swept away, then turned to the old Gnoll with silver-grey fur.
“It’s getting worse of late.”
“It is, Senior Guardsman. Please, sit.”
The two sat at an outdoor cafe. Like Krshia, Relin Seftail was a business Gnoll first. He kept Pawprint Bites, the cafe, open even after the commotion, and was sitting with Relc. They had some tea.
“…So about my question?”
Relc prompted the Gnoll when the silence grew overlong. He felt…odd. This was not a Relc thing to do. He had asked for a meeting with the Gnoll, feeling foolish, and now?
Well. Some Gnolls glanced at him, hostile. The fights had been getting worse. The Watch had arrested everyone at a Gnoll gathering, and the [Anarchists] had retaliated by burning a Watch prisoner wagon by tarring it with a fiery pitch and setting it alight. The Watch had retaliated by arresting more people, who were injured in the arrests, two badly.
It had ended with this stall being burned. Here was what chilled Relc.
The stall owner had gone up with the stall. They’d found the owner, charred, and rushed them to the [Healer]. It had been the fire and smoke that killed them, despite the [Healer]’s best efforts, but someone had hit the owner and left them to burn as the fire blazed.
So now a Drake was dead. A Drake who had been outspokenly against serving Gnolls, but who was dead. It was a Watch matter.
“This is a terrible business, Guardsman Relc. The Watch has never…gotten along with us. But we’ve been amicable. Or have I just forgotten how bad it gets? I can’t tell, some days. It feels the worst it’s ever been, but the tragedy is that it’s not worse than it ever was. Does that make sense?”
Relin spoke at last. He looked tired. Relc nodded.
“I’m grateful you’re speaking with me, sir. I want to help.”
The [Cafe Manager] stared at Relc for a while, over the tea with wisps of pleasant, aromatic Prelon leaves filling the air instead of smoke and…burnt meat.
“You know, Guardsman Relc, I believe you. If it were anyone else—any other Drake in a position of authority, I’d not have answered your request. But you?”
He glanced around. The hostile looks prickled Relc’s scales, but the instinctive anger faded when they saw his badge. He was back on duty; after today, Terigrals needed all [Guards], even Relc. He could calm the angriest crowds by being there.
“I’m…just Relc.”
“But it’s Relc who we remember. No one else stopped the Shank Gang. And you have a name for being fair. Not corrupt. You don’t let criminals go when they’ve done wrong, Gnoll or Drake. Fair. This city needs Drakes like you, and Gnolls, but it’s too late, I fear.”
Relc ducked his head. He stared at the stall again.
“Sellme’s making this worse. It was always bad, I get that. But this…”
“Sellme didn’t do this.”
The Gnoll’s voice was quiet. Relin looked at the stall, his face bleak.
“Sellme’s followers, then.”
The Gnoll shook his head once more. Relc’s head moved slightly. He glanced at Relin.
