8.34 R
Page 20
There was a shout from inside. Then a scream and a thump. Ellic froze. Then he heard the same, jovial voice.
“Doors cannot stop the [Relc Kick]! That’s why you pay for reinforced walls, idiots! Ow. My foot hurts.”
“There is no way. Someone—you all, go check. No, wait.”
The [Gang Boss] snarled, but he was hesitating. Had that guy just gone through the front door? Even so, there should be four [Thugs] all over Level 15 right behind—
“Whoa! Who are y—”
A shout, and the sounds of fighting. There was a thump—Ellic relaxed. Right until he heard a roar.
“Ow. That hurt!”
Whumph. Something hit the wall. Someone yelped, a high-pitched Gnoll voice.
“Dea—”
“Relc Kick! Relc Kick! Don’t run!”
“Boss, bo—”
Another scream that turned into another whumph of impact. The people inside the warehouse heard a final voice.
“We’re sorry! Don’t do that! Don’t—putmedownputmed—”
The last crash was followed by a scream and whimpering. In dead silence, Ellic rose. He pointed and the bodyguards moved to the door leading into the big room.
The entire Shank Gang was here. The [Gang Boss] didn’t panic. The four he’d sent out had gotten jumped rather than doing the jumping, idiots. This [Senior Guard] was good—maybe he had [Preferred Foe: Criminal] or something. But everyone would have heard that, so the converted warehouse’s entire rooms full of gang members would—
The scream was so loud it tapered into a shriek at the end. Ellic heard screaming, shouts of panic—then running footsteps. Then the voice again, thundering from within the warehouse.
“In the course of my duties I am authorized to use force! You don’t want to die? Back up! Your friend will live. Anyone else want to run straight into my spear?”
The shriek died down—either whoever had been screaming passed out or…
Dead silence. Ellic listened.
“What’s happening?”
Every few seconds, there was a shout, or the briefest cries of fury and attack. They turned into gurgling, or the thump of a body hitting a wall. Or—and this was the hardest to hear—a scream of pain.
“He’s…coming through the warehouse, boss.”
“Crossbows up. He comes through that door? Kill him.”
Ellic overturned the table. He drew his own crossbow and aimed an enchanted bolt at the door. He had the name ‘Shanker Ellic’, but he wasn’t above doing the shanking from afar.
Halfblade was on her feet. She paced around, listening, then glanced at him.
“I’m going to take my spot. Don’t wait on me.”
She glided over to one of the support beams and vanished. Ellic cursed her. If she was running—but then he heard a voice.
“In the course of my guarding duties, I have been attacked! That means whoever’s in here is screwed. You’re all under arrest.”
“We haven’t done anything! Who the hell are you?”
Ellic bellowed back. There was a chuckle from outside.
“Me? I’m…”
The gang members inside waited, tense, crossbows drawn and aimed at the door. Ellic felt sweat dripping off a neck spine. He frowned. Then he heard a mutter from outside.
“…Relc? Wait. ‘Your worst nightmare’? Nah. Senior Guardsman Relc? I’m the consequences! Hah, that was really great. Hear that? I’m the consequences! No. It really just doesn’t work when I say it.”
The voice trailed off. Someone coughed in the hallway outside. Only one door separated them, and once they came through it…
Fingers tightened on triggers. Ellic sighted at the door. He waited, as the dimly lit warehouse became taut with tension. As seconds dragged into eternity…
Then he realized. It had been a minute. The other [Thugs] stared at the door, and then at each other.
