8.34 R
Page 0

Mythological Creature Fact: The musk of the Demonsoul Skunk, the Balerosian native creature that deliberately sprays its victims to communicate mating instinct across a wide area, can last long enough to be two months old when scented by potential mates.
The mating pheromones of the adult female Wyrm can last up to three decades.
 
Sergeant Relc Grasstongue, former [Soldier] in the Liscorian army, current Senior Guardsman of Liscor in assigned posting to Cellidel…did not know why this was a salient fact.
He closed the book, one of the many bestiaries he’d checked out of the local library. Cellidel had a library. This was one of those books that had ‘fun facts’ about creatures on some pages littered with biological and other bits of information about monster species, terrain, and so on.
Relc imagined the average Silver-rank adventurer, screaming as something tried to break through the barricade at a cave’s entrance, didn’t have time to appreciate such facts.
“How do they know it lasts three decades? Do they keep sniffing them? Is it obvious or something?”
The Drake asked the really important questions as he scratched at his neck-spines. He frowned.
“Demonsoul Skunks. Now, there’s some bastards. Don’t they spray people for fun instead of to protect themselves? What was their bounty when some showed up? Like…fifty gold a head?”
He shuddered. The book wasn’t that interesting, though, so Relc pushed it under his uncomfortable bed and sighed. His cheap room in one of Cellidel’s apartment complexes for the transient was about as bad as the old one he’d had in Liscor.
However, the book came from a library.
Liscor did not have a library. Which city was better? Based on pure book-economics, it had to be Cellidel. They even let you check out any book you wanted.
One at a time, and you paid a deposit of two silver that you got back when you returned a book on time. You also had to be a citizen of decent standing—no major arrests. Relc, being a Senior Guardsman, didn’t have issues checking out the book.
Free reading, unless I don’t turn it in or mess it up. And I just bet those [Librarians] have [Repair Books] or something.
Relc thought that was neat. He wasn’t a huge book person, but he’d been bored and had heard of the library, a novelty for him. This book had been illustrated, so why not?
Cellidel had an entire class of [Librarian] that Liscor lacked. All their Skills and unique abilities were thus available to this city bordering the Great Plains to the south, which Liscor lacked.
Mind you, that was probably only the ability to track down people who didn’t return books. But it was still a big difference. On the other hand, if you were going to play that game, Cellidel didn’t have half as many [Guards] or [Hunters]. And not one of them had ever hunted a Hollowstone Deceiver.
It had no supply of fresh seafood except by trade and some fish from lakes, but mined ore was also an actual commodity, rather than a given for Liscor with their proximity to Esthelm.
Cellidel and Liscor could have traded fairly equally on a number of issues—probably why Relc had been assigned here by a well-meaning Zevara. Liscor had the magic door, though. And that changed everything.
