8.34 R
Page 49
Not perfect? Okay, imagine a city like…as close as you could get to perfection. How did the Watch operate in a city like that?
Well, in the ideal world, you didn’t need a Watch. People would watch each other, and there wouldn’t be a need for that kind of policing because there weren’t these powerful, rich people who only looked out for themselves and that was the point of—
That’s not practical? Fuck you. It could happen!
But…okay, if the Watch had to exist, it needed to have higher standards. Equal divisions of Gnolls and Drakes! No, if the city was majority Drake like Cellidel…put in a Gnoll Watch Captain! To ensure that there wasn’t a bias against a minority. Have Gnolls in the Council.
And most importantly? Make the Watch better. Because they weren’t. The Watch was made up of people like Pos. Speciesist, and the corrupt, and the plain lazy. It should be a place where the best and brightest went. A place with more than one ‘Relc’, which could take on gangs, which watched itself. Not a [Guard] who would beat down some kid with a dagger because he was scared.
That was the Watch Tesy envisioned. Of course, it took a while for him to get to that place, but…Relc leaned back. The wine was flowing well, and it loosened all tongues. He let Tesy finish.
“Sounds like Liscor.”
Hah! Vok sprayed wine out of his nose. Tesy just snorted.
“It’s not Liscor. That’s a perfect city. You told me your Council didn’t have Gnolls on it until recently!”
“We’ve got them now. Isn’t that what you said?”
“Yes, but…they should have been there for generations!”
“Well, we’ve got them now. Isn’t that pretty good? Anyways, that’s interesting. You want a Watch with a city’s best signing up?”
“Yep. The most responsible. It shouldn’t be easy to be a [Guard]. It should be…a…a calling. A higher service.”
Tesy searched for a way to describe it. Relc understood. Guarding was hard work. The Watch, in Tesy’s opinion, should only take people who knew the challenge, who could be that better Drake or Gnoll in every moment.
Sort of like Klbkch, in a way. Relc thought about it as he refilled his bowl. Then he started laughing.
“That’s so stupid.”
Tesy flushed with anger.
“What do you mean?”
Relc took a huge gulp of fishy soup. He smacked his lips and looked at Tesy, not without sympathy, but with much amusement. The Senior Guardsman shook his head.
“I mean, that’s never going to work, Tesy. You want a [Guard] who can always be calm, always be responsible? Who’s good at fighting, treats this job like a higher calling? We have…two of those [Guards] in all of Liscor. And that’s not me. You’ll get three [Guards] in the entire Watch.”
“Well, it should be better than it is! Or are you saying the Watch is fine?”
Tesy stood up, claws clenched. Relc waved him down.
“I agree! Listen, Tesy, I agree. The Watch is bad in Cellidel. I’m just saying…you can’t expect them all to be perfect. It’s like…you want someone who can both lead and fight. Who can keep their head? Who can know what to do at any moment, and treats this job with all the respect it deserves? That’s what you guys think is a perfect [Guard], right? By the way—I agree that’s a great guard.”
Tesy and Vok nodded. Relc gave them a thumb-claw up.
“Great. We can all agree they’re good. The problem is…that’s a [General]. And you only have one of those in most armies. You can’t expect every [Soldier] to be like that. I think there’s a better way to make the Watch better.”
“Oh, and what’s that? Give them more weapons?”
Tesy sneered. Relc rolled his eyes. He leaned back on his one pillow, and murmured.
