8.34 R
Page 10
Relc passed by a young Drake woman in the streets. He watched, yawning, as she shouted to a crowd of passersby.
“Huh. Weird.”
Senior Guardsman Relc did nothing about her. He was off-duty. One of the [Guard] patrols did come striding over as the young Drake came shouting.
“You’re all blind! Blind like Follower Chickens! Wake up, people! Can’t you see how bad it is?”
“Hey! Who’s shouting nonsense?”
The [Guards] spotted her and strode over. Quick as a flash, the Drake turned and bolted. She was quick! She pushed into the crowd, and Relc actually lost her.
“Camouflage Skill. Huh.”
He stared at the hooded individual who pushed past the [Guards], who rolled their eyes, assured the person who’d complained they’d keep an eye out, and walked on. Sloppy, but then again, they weren’t good at anti-detection measures like Relc. Besides, it was hot, it was just some idiot shouting…
That was all Relc thought about it. He had no idea this was occurring a hundred times in different places at the same moment. By the end of the day, Watch Captain Terigrals would get reports of nearly four dozen pieces of unauthorized ‘art’ on walls with insults against Cellidel’s governing body, or Sellme-type works. People shouting insults and slander. Someone attempting to incite a mob.
Relc met with his personal dealer right before he went to sleep. He’d just been cruising one of the market-streets when someone flagged him down.
“Hey. Relc. Is that Relc? Drake’s Ancestors, I didn’t expect to find you here!”
A Human man trotted over, waving a hand. Relc glanced up. It was rare to see a Human, and true to form, the only person who regularly walked Drake cities was a [Merchant].
“Is that Bilt? Hey!”
He grinned, and waved a claw. The two met as a few [Merchants] glanced over. Bilt grinned.
“I was just wondering if I was going to head north to Liscor again! Long time no see! What happened? Decided to move cities?”
Relc hesitated.
“Long story. You know, reassigned. I’m here for a bit.”
Bilt was a savvy [Merchant]. Not the highest-level one, and his merchandise was a bit…eclectic. However, he was canny enough to know when to drop a subject.
“Fair’s fair. Everyone likes to travel. It’s amazing we met! I was just leaving…my instincts are telling me now’s the time. Say, that’s not why you’re here, is it? This Sellme business. Bad stuff. Opportunities, but bad stuff.”
He lowered his voice. Relc saw Bilt’s travelling companions, some he actually recognized, packing up. Bilt often travelled with other Humans, [Traders], combining their security and potential to attract crowds. He saw a woman with a nose-ring glancing around, as if her [Dangersense] was going off.
“Skills tingling?”
“Like you wouldn’t believe. Listen, Relc. You’re a good customer and I know you’re the Watch, but we’ve seen Sellme across a dozen cities. Often imitators, but this looks like the real thing. Well, that’s why we’re here…but it’s time to go. No more opportunity.”
“Opportunity?”
“Getting a Sellme! What, you think their name is a joke? I was trying to see if we could pull off one of their art pieces, but the damn brick walls…do you know how hard it is to tear down a wall? Let alone cart it, or pay someone for it? Anyways, we got one piece.”
He nodded at one of the illustrations Relc had seen; the one with the corrupt Merchant’s Guild. It was lying on the back of a wagon, having literally been taken as a huge chunk of masonry. Relc shook his head.
“You [Merchants] are weird.”
