8.34 R
Page 48
“No, they’re not. So I guess all the [Anarchists] talking about how corrupt and evil we are…are right. I’m tired. I get shit thrown on me all day. Actual poop. People are dying, the army’s making it worse…”
He stretched out, sighing as he stared at the ceiling.
“…I didn’t sign up for this. I might actually just quit. Leave the city, you know? Or stop being a [Guard]. This is stupid. I’m not the only one. You know, we lost eight [Guards] yesterday? No one wants to be in the Watch like this.”
Vok’s eyes went wide and he looked at Tesy. The [Painter] smiled thinly as his tail curled up.
“Good.”
“Yeah? You think so? Is less [Guardsmen]…good, Tesy?”
Relc fixed him with one eye. Tesy hesitated.
“It’s better than all the corruption. All the violence against Gnolls.”
“Right. But there’s also more theft, more violence, more crime. We need the Watch.”
“Not this Watch. This Watch protected the city, but only part of the city. Only the part that was like them.”
Relc shrugged.
“I don’t think anyone’s seen Cellidel as bad as it is right now. Gnolls or Drakes.”
“You say that, but if you saw—”
Tesy’s heated voice was interrupted by a mutter from Vok.
“He’s right.”
The [Painter] looked at Vok. The Gnoll felt like an intruder in the confrontation, but he hunched his shoulders and spoke.
“Relc’s right, Tesy. It’s never been this bad. I don’t like the Watch, but this? This is really bad. Like…”
He searched for words.
“Creler-bad. You know?”
Tesy hesitated, thrown by the unexpected betrayal of the actual Gnoll in the room. Relc didn’t smile. He just sat there. Waiting.
“Tesy’s not wrong either, though. I just wondered…I wanted to ask you, Tesy. In case I don’t get another chance—what does the ideal Watch look like to you? The best city, even? Sellme’s pointed out a lot of problems, but how do you think we can fix it? You and your buddies, sorry.”
The [Painter]’s head snapped up. He gave Relc a searching look, and the [Spearmaster] just sipped at his wine.
That was the conversation of the night. Relc had tried Gnolls. He’d tried the Watch back at home. He’d tried his brain, never a good idea.
So he asked the Drake who spoke for the angry and the discontented.
Sellme and the Gecko of Liscor.
Relc and Tesy. Relc was smiling, gently. He was calm. He was tired beyond belief, worried, headache-y, or he had been—and worn down by banging his head against a wall.
Two walls. Something had given way today, though. He had received a [Message]. Not from Embria. Not from Zevara, both of whom were giving him regular correspondence and hang the cost.
He had received a [Message] from Bilt. The [Puzzle Merchant] was extremely apologetic. Almost in tears, really, if you could convey that from the [Message]. He had offered Relc a full refund, with deepest apologies.
 
It turns out the Gizeal Puzzle can’t be solved by non-[Mages]. I am so sorry, Relc. The Archmage of Izril keeps defending herself that all you need is a low-level spell, but…
 
Relc smiled to himself. Apparently he had gotten as far as most. And if he could but see magic, he’d see how to activate it with a simple bit of mana. Archmage Valeterisa’s credibility among the puzzle-making community, that vastly powerful body, was in shambles and she had issued several apologies.
It was just a story. But it explained…well, Relc sighed and listened to Tesy, letting him talk, collect his thoughts, clarify.
Sometimes you couldn’t solve the problem yourself.
 
—-
 
Imagine a city. A truly perfect city.
