8.34 R
Page 34
Relc stared at the magical box. Apparently, there was some last puzzle that let you…open the damned box and get at the countless more inside, but Relc couldn’t figure it out. It frustrated him because he knew there was just one last thing.
Countless compartments, sliding panels, and even indentations along the outside had been opened, their contents plundered, and neatly reset. They added up to three shining keys, each of which fit into the locks Relc had seen on first inspection.
All three keys were in the locks. He’d unveiled the hole and pieced together the missing component that would let the cube turn and open, exposing the next layer…
What was he missing? Relc stared at the cube. There was one thing, he was sure. And he…couldn’t find it. One magical arrow to slay his problems. The cube mocked him.
It was a metaphor for his life and Relc was about to punch it.
 
—-
 
Sellme’s picture painted a target on Relc. People knew Senior Guardsman Relc as the Drake who’d taken down the Shank Gang. They also knew he’d arrested Relin’s son.
And this painting? Well. How quickly they forgot. Or maybe it just failed to matter, despite Relc risking his life and everything. Relc stomped into the Watch House and halted.
Watch Captain Terigrals took one look at the tired, filthy [Guards] and they drew up. Their grousing, shouting, died down.
“Watch Captain?”
Relc saluted. Terigrals looked at Relc. Actually…looked at him.
The two didn’t see eye-to-eye on anything. Especially because Relc was taller. But Terigrals had the gaze of someone haunted. Worn down by this unrest.
“Guards, fall in.”
The Watch Sergeant barked. She looked nervous. Relc stood in line, smelling the stink of countless foul odors. Outside, their replacements were already shouting for the crowds to move back.
“Guardsmen, Guardswomen. You’ve worked splendidly this day. As you have every day. I’ve come to talk to you—personally. The riots have gotten worse. Two more buildings have been torched. I won’t lie to you. I might, to the rookies, but not to you. These [Rebels] and Sellme are tearing this city down, piece by piece. The Council is worried. More citizens are seeing the Watch do their utmost, but these…fools…!”
Terigrals gave his speech and the back of Relc’s neck prickled. You did not want to see your Watch Captain displaying emotion like this. Being uncontrolled like this. He felt the unease among Cellidel’s ranks.
Ironically, he respected Captain Zevara a lot more now. She had faced down undead hordes, the Goblin Lord, and monster attacks and not cracked. Terigrals?
He was on the edge. The old Drake was pacing. Another bad move unless it was excited pacing, like ‘let’s get over that hill and take it to them, lads!’ kind of pacing. He came out with it, slowly stopping and looking at them.
“…Given the unrest, the Council has come to a decision. I protested against, but…the army is moving back from its deployment along the Gnoll Plains. Six whole companies, and more if need be.”
The Watch stirred. Relc’s eyes widened. He spoke before he could help himself.
“That’s a bad idea, sir.”
Some of the [Guards] turned. The Watch Sergeant opened her mouth to bawl him out, but Terigrals nodded. He looked Relc in the eye. He might not have been a good Watch Captain, or even a decent one. But he was still a Watch Captain.
“I know.”
 
—-
 
“Tesy. Open up. Tesy.”
Relc rapped on the door. He still stank, and Vok, holding a paw over his nose, was staring. Some Gnolls had come out of their rooms to complain, but they stopped when they saw Relc.
