8.34 R
Page 27
“There are lots of good [Guards]. I think. I bet. Some are cool.”
“Yeah? Who else was with you at the Shank Gang’s warehouse?”
The big Drake frowned, trying to think of a response. He nudged the Gizeal Puzzle with one foot.
“That’s not fair. Most [Guards] aren’t me and they have orders. A lot do their jobs.”
“Oh, fine. Sure. They do their jobs. But I don’t see anyone but you objecting when a little kid, a child gets hauled in with the criminals!”
Tesy was getting angry again. Relc was getting angry. He nearly cracked his cup, and released his grip.
“…Right. But there’re rules.”
“See? Corrupt. You’re fine, Relc. But it’s reasons like that, that that piece of shit…Pos…hey. I just thought of something. His name…get it?”
Tesy laughed. Relc sighed. The problem was? He couldn’t argue with Tesy. How did you solve this? He thought, with all the Relc-power in his Relc-brain. Then he came up with a Relc-solution.
 
—-
 
Watch Captain Zevara stared at the letter she’d gotten via the Mage’s Guild. Which she’d paid for. Well, that wasn’t really a concern. She was more concerned by the contents.
Why did Relc give her headaches even when he wasn’t in her city? Then again…she had to admit. This was her fault.
“What an Ancestors-damned mess.”
It was such a Relc-move to ask her for help. Then again, it also meant he was taking his job seriously. As for the issue?
Zevara wished she had an answer. She had thought she was sending him to a city with a small crime problem, not a bigoted city plagued by this ‘Sellme’. Him taking out a gang by himself, like the late Mister Soot’s?
“Madness.”
She wouldn’t have authorized it in a million years. It spoke to how bad the problem must have been, for Relc to do something that crazy. That no one had backed him up?
“Disgraceful.”
The buzz of background conversation stopped once more. It had been going on in the back of Zevara’s consciousness, but had lulled every time she gave voice to her opinion on the Cellidel situation. Now someone tapped on the table.
A click of claw meeting wood. Zevara glanced up and saw the rich table, carved from a single piece of huge wood, sitting in the comfy meeting room of Liscor’s Council.
Unlike every time in history, though, this one was different. Gone, gone was the snack buffet table, and instead they had functional catering. There were books, records on one wall, and someone had dragged in a bookshelf so they could collate things.
A map of Liscor hung on the wall, Hexel’s blueprints next to it, and there was a huge war map of the entire area next to both. The Drakes and one Gnoll sitting around the table were all staring at her. Zevara stared, and saw the claw-tapper was Lism. The [Shopkeeper]-[Councilmember] fixed her with a stern eye.
“Watch Captain, I agree the situation isn’t ideal, but ‘disgraceful’ is going a bit too far, don’t you think?”
“Er…I’m sorry, Councilmember Lism. I was referring to something else.”
The purple-scale Drake paused and his usual look of annoyance replaced itself.
“Oh. Well then. Is it salient to this discussion?”
“No, Councilmember. Go ahead.”
Zevara blushed a bit, and folded her claws behind her back. She was here as the head military advisor, along with Wing Commander Embria. She gave Zevara a side-long glance; Embria could recognize her father’s handwriting. Lism went on, oblivious, as Elirr, Jeiss, Alonna, and the other two Council Members that Zevara had no respect for, so didn’t memorize their names, listened in.
