8.35
Page 32
She heard shouting. The crowd was on their feet. What was that? Had they seen her arm morph? The [Armsmistress] turned.
“You—what are you—?”
The Champion of Rust realized the danger he was in too late. Yvlon shoulder-charged towards him. He blocked her, and the two rammed into each other desperately. Now, though, he realized what had stopped his strike.
Her arms could transform! He saw a short-blade coming out of her ‘useless stump’ of an arm, a cutting edge made out of her flesh! She slashed at him and he leaned back, sweating.
“Stop—let’s stop this. Let’s—”
She slashed, shouting, and he backed up. The Stitch-Man ducked another telescoping stab of flesh, slashed at it. But he failed to sever it. Yvlon grimaced as if she’d felt the blow, but then she was charging again.
The Champion of Rust had had enough. He was going to net her, back up, and take her down from afar. He just had to knock her back. So he lowered his shield with a roar, swinging his axe down.
“[Dust Bomb]!”
Blind her, and retreat. They’d fill her with arrows or blast her with spells! She was a deadly warrior and could not be allowed to live. That was clear.
[Foresight: Mortal Wound].
The Champion of Rust’s eyes went round. He broke off his Skill and slashed.
Leprel screamed, aborting the two daggers to his back. She saw the huge Stitch-man bellow at her. Then—whirl and slam his shield down on Yvlon’s punching arm. She staggered. His axe rose for a sweep.
[Armform: Telescoping Flesh].
The man stumbled. The audience, on their feet, never saw the Champion’s blade descend. What they did see was him stand there, stunned, and then tear away from Yvlon screaming, dropping his blades, and clutching at his face. His chest. His…
Then they saw her. In the later recordings, from other angles, it would become obvious what happened. The [Arena Master], on his feet, stared in horror as the Champion of Rust clutched at the bloody socket that had been his eye, his body, perforated by…holes.
Yvlon Byres, the Slaughterer of Silver, One-Arm, the Silver-Killer stared at her arm. Or…what had been her arm.
Leprel and Rexel looked at the jagged tips of silver metal. The…spines of it that had shot out of Yvlon’s arm like a porcupine, lancing the former Champion at close-range.
The blood ran onto her silver. Yvlon’s arm slowly morphed back to a hand. She stared at it.
“What am I?”
Rexel didn’t know, but she also knew. She thrust up Yvlon’s arm, gingerly, as the arena shook. In her first match? Rexel shouted as she raised the new Champion of Rust’s arm to the sky.
Yvlon the Silver Arm.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Today’s chapter was written because I’m tired. At the end of my writing cycle and more tired than usual, somehow. I am writing the author’s note in advance, live on stream, to say it was under 20,000 words.
…Whether or not I lied is irrelevant. Given the Patreon side stories poll which has three days left (one or two days as of publishing, I suppose), I thought it only fitting the chapter be a sort of catch-all advertisement for each option listed. Can it flip anything? I sort of doubt it, but who knows! It might not be the full course meal, but having a lotta snacks is good now and then, right?
Anyways, I’ll be recharging my batteries for a week, so thank you for reading and supporting the story! Go listen to the Book 4 audiobook or…read something else while I’m gone. Thanks for reading!
 
Palt’s Secret Catalogue by Enuryn the [Naturalist]!
Portfolio: https://enuryndraws.art/
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/enuryn
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Enuryn_Nat

                              
 

