8.35
Page 31
He shouted, spreading his arms and trying to gesture to the crowd. But Yvlon didn’t even give him time to mock her; the gleaming Stitch-man with his glorious Silk cloth-skin saw her charging. He lost his smile.
He had an axe and shield. A powerful, crushing combination where he had literally rammed his shield into foes so hard they broke bones, or sundered armor with his weapon. He could be artful; he had a net and spear he used when it wasn’t a killing matter.
He drew the axe and shield now, gleaming with magic. Yvlon had her rusted longsword. People were pointing. This new adventurer was going after the Champion of Rust? Was she mad?
She was angry. [Berserker’s Rage] was driving Yvlon on. But she could see him through the blood-haze. Watching her. The Champion of Rust flicked his shield up.
“[Projection: Shield Ram].”
The [Armsmistress] saw a giant copy of his shield, spectral, glowing, appear as he heaved it at her. She leapt sideways with an oath; the projection hit Rexel and sent her flying. Leprel scrambled after her buddy as Yvlon rolled, picking herself up. She saw the Champion of Rust dart in, axe raised.
He was quick. He had [Longstep] or something—he slashed. Yvlon knew better than to parry, so she went for an exchange as she lowered her stump of an arm.
You stab me? I stab you! The Champion cursed, and flicked left; he avoided being impaled by the rusted longsword; Yvlon was not struck by the falling axe blade. He stepped back as Yvlon slashed, slowed.
Felt at her cheek. Red blood was spattering the ground.
“How…?”
A roar. First blood! The Champion of Rust lifted his axe, grinning. Yvlon’s blood was on it. She hadn’t even seen the blow!
“[Free Cut]. Did you think [Gladiators] didn’t have our own Skills, Silver-Arm?”
He taunted her, circling left with strutting steps. Yvlon felt her blood, warm, trickling down one cheek.
An unstoppable cut? A blood-letting blow, to disconcert and disorient. The kind of thing that looked great.
“Pathetic.”
His brows snapped together as she sneered at him, in an expression worthy of Pisces. The Champion of Rust shrugged.
“I warned you not to take us lightly, Silver. Now—”
He came in fast and low, mid-sentence. [Cleaving Scythe]! The crowd roared as he went for Yvlon’s legs. She?
She brought her sword down as she charged. The Champion caught it on his shield, grunting, as his slash towards her legs was blocked. By—what? He didn’t see, only felt it.
Yvlon had no weapon on her offhand, but dead gods, she was strong! He staggered, but saw what he had wanted.
Her blade bent. The useless iron couldn’t stand up to the first blow! He grinned as Yvlon dropped it. His axe came up to punish her step back.
It never came. Yvlon balled a fist and threw a punch.
The Champion’s [Foresight] Skill went off. He pivoted, and the [Impact Punch] knocked him stumbling backwards. Cursing, the Stitch-man set himself.
“You—”
She ran at him. The man incredulously swung his axe down. This idiot thought she could take him on bare-handed—?
His axe met her arm and sparks flew. Yvlon stared at the notch in her arm. So did the Champion of Rust. The audience stared at the sight. Then Yvlon swung her stump of an arm up. The Champion saw the jagged stump point at him. What was…?
The silver flesh rippled. Then—it morphed, elongating into a stabbing point. It shot towards his cheek.
“Gyaaaaaah!”
He threw himself left, with a shriek that was completely unplanned. The Stitch-man rolled as Yvlon checked her arm.
“No blood.”
