8.35
Page 4
Ekrn roared. He demonstrated the inherent difference in their physiques as he lifted a rat’s corpse and threw it into the milling mass of them, distracting the others who devoured their buddy.
“Boss! Reinforcements are five seconds out! Tallguard Crelerbreakers deploying!”
“At last.”
Ekrn whirled. Figures were launching out of ports higher in Paeth. It had only been minutes; an eternity in a battle, but he saw them leaping to land like comets on the ground. He bellowed to the Tallguard forming a line.
“Fall back! Armor coming in!”
He ran back as Luan kicked a wall of rats and shouted as they raced up his leg in retaliation. They tried to bite his enchanted skin, then tried to eat his enchantment. He retreated, knocking them flying.
Then the Human saw the Fraerlings’ last line of defense.
Crelerbreakers. His first impression was that there were Fraerling Dullahans. War Walkers, the [Juggernauts] in armor like Xol.
Then he realized they were regular Fraerlings, just coated in a kind of dull orange-red armor. No…Luan squinted. It wasn’t rusty, but some kind of deeper color. It seemed plain at first, but he realized the color kept shifting depending on how the light hit it. They strode forwards, battleaxes and claymores in hand. No shields.
The rats swarmed over them as the hundred Tallguard formed a line. They vanished and Luan feared they were dead. He began to stride forwards, but Ekrn called him back.
“Don’t bother. They have this.”
Luan looked and saw a squiggling mass of rat’s tails and faces, biting, squeaking. Then the first sword cut through one as a Fraerling slashed around him. He or she emerged from the mass, unharmed, rats biting the armor and squealing in dismay.
“What is that?”
Luan pointed at the armor, so perfectly made that there weren’t even airholes in the visors; just glowing crystal eyes so the Fraerling could see out of them. If he had been to Salazsar, he would have realized that the Drakes had a similar group of armored infantry.
The only difference was that Paeth had only a hundred. And that the Walled City of Gems’ ‘elites’ were a lot cheaper than Crelerbreakers.
Ekrn snorted. He stared at the armor, some of it so ancient that it predated the term ‘Crelerbreaker’ that came from the Creler Wars, six thousand years back. It did not rust, nor decay. Nor were rats going to eat through it, even the ones who could gnaw on diamonds.
“That? That’s Adamantium, Luan. What, never seen it?”
Luan’s head swung back. His jaw dropped.
 
—-
 
“We need to open all our food stores. We’re brewing more healing potions as fast as we can. It’s space we need. Food…”
“We’ll activate our garden’s spells for quick growth. We’re already over our allotment. But we need food, to find a place for them all…and to know if other settlements are under attack.”
In the aftermath, Paeth took stock. The attack of scavengers had been defeated with ease. So much so that Luan had been right to question Oierdressql’s fall.
Enchanter Ikerome shook his head as he surveyed the damage.
“I can’t understand it. Oierdressql had similar spells. A village I could understand falling. But Oierdressql? Sentry Leader…how could it happen?”
The Guidance of Oierdressql opened his mouth, but he was shaking, adrenaline leaving him as he was wrapped in a blanket enchanted with [Warmth] spells. It was a tired Ekrn who kicked a rat’s head over to a group of [Butchers] salvaging as much meat as they could before the rest was disposed of. Somehow.
