8.35
Page 29
“—And the blood for the Arena’s sands! [Storm Bandits], [Thieves], runaway [Slaves] and volunteers seeking fame and fortune! We have a special contender the Champion of Rust himself has named, though.”
Yvlon started. Rexel groaned. That was not a good sign. The voice shouted on as the grates began to rise, hefted upwards.
“A [Warrior] who slew over two hundred [Guards] before being apprehended! Only one arm, but you might recognize her—a Gold-rank Human! They call her the Silver-killer, One-Arm, the Slaughterer of Silver…”
“You must be joking.”
The gates opened and [Gladiators] and prisoners ducked under it before it even rose to head height, sprinting out into the arena. Some of the veterans and the champion were already out there, taking their places. It would not begin until the bell rang, and they had less than a minute to get out there.
Everyone was shoving at the front; the smart ones kept back, biding their time until the press cleared. Leprel was pushing at Rexel and Yvlon.
“Stick to the plan! We find a corner and cover! Come on, Yvlon! Come on—”
The woman didn’t move. Rexel slowed, her sprint turning into a walk as she looked back.
“Yvlon? Come on, Silver. Don’t protest now—they’ll throw you into it if you stay inside.”
She and Leprel wavered as Yvlon stood there, head down. Her one good hand opened and closed around the longsword’s hilt.
“I hate this. I did nothing wrong. This nation is corrupt. This is a farce.”
“Yvlon—”
Leprel hissed. This was not the time! She heard the crowd chanting down to the bells, and some of the [Guards] were peering through the doors at the back of the waiting rooms, seeing them standing there.
Did she run and take her chances alone? She waited, trying to push the [Armsmistress]. Yvlon was still talking.
“This isn’t a battle. This isn’t a raid. This is just sport.”
“You’ll die if you fight back. This is the only way.”
Rexel faced Yvlon, licking her lips. The doors were opening and a [Guard] was pointing.
“Get out there!”
“…twenty, nineteen…”
“Yvlon…”
The woman reached out. Or tried to. She stared at her broken arm. She had lost it in the Village of the Dead, a continent away. In a real battle with a monster. She met Rexel’s gaze.
“I know that. But I don’t have to like it. Fine. Fine.”
She walked to the edge of the arena’s portcullis. Yvlon stared out into the silent arena. People were crouched behind pillars, some armed with bows or crossbows; [Mages] were preparing to cast spells.
And there he was. The Champion of Rust, redolent at the back, surrounded by his allies, searching for targets. For her. He spotted her and it seemed they locked gazes even across the vast distance. Rexel groaned. Yet Yvlon was still muttering.
“They want me to fight?”
“Five! Four! Three!”
The roar grew louder. Rexel couldn’t hear Yvlon, but she saw the woman’s lips moving and the faintest of sounds over the thundering of her heart, the rumble in the air. The grimy lips moving. The look…in those sapphire eyes.
“They don’t get it. Fight? Start fighting?”
Yvlon Byres whispered. Her hand locked around her sword. The [Silversteel Armsmistress] stared ahead.
“I never stopped.”
This entire time since the Village of the Dead had been a break. The bell rang and the doors swung open as [Guards] came to shove out the [Gladiators]. But all too late.
Yvlon Byres sprinted out of the waiting room. Rexel and Leprel turned, mouths open as she charged into the rust-red dirt of the arena. The [Gladiators] looked up.
“Begin!”
