8.35
Page 9
Not through her, as he had been this entire time. As, perhaps, Ryoka realized, he had been from the start. ‘Thief’, he had called her, without even knowing her name.
Now Rhis’veri Zessoprical, whose full name she would learn later, looked at the Wind Runner from another world. He met her eyes, and the full weight of his presence struck her. His eyes drew her into a void of their own. Not mismatched. Beautiful, a serpent’s eyes which saw time itself.
Of course. Did you think we were like Dragons? You have met one. What a strange creature you are.
The thoughts struck her. The Wyrm narrowed his eyes, and Ryoka heard his voice, in its way as loud as he was.
Strange. This has been an exceedingly strange day. The Deathless awake. I smell my kin I thought long dead inviting me to mate. A girl commands the power of the wind without Skill or class and invokes the name of a king that rules no land in this world. A strange day.
“I call that Tuesday.”
The Wyrm blinked at her remark. Ryoka turned red. It had just slipped out. Ryoka-snark. She saw his eyes narrow, and feared the worst as his mouth opened, scales bulging. The Wyrm looked down at her, and then barked.
“Hah!”
Wind knocked her flat, the acrid tones of acid, chemicals, and other scents, not actually unpleasant. Not like bad breath; just the breath of a creature as otherworldly as Teriarch. She realized it hadn’t been an attack.
He’d…laughed. He tried to stifle the laughter, but he snorted, then glared at her as if it were a weakness exposed. Rhisveri sniffed her.
“…So one of my kind lives?”
“Y-yes.”
Ryoka saw him frown. He peered at her again. Then, Rhisveri did the smoothing trick, rubbing his head against part of his body. He coughed.
“This…Sikeri’val-Toreshio-Maresssui. She truly is a female Wyrm? Not one of my kind.”
“Um. No, no legs.”
“And she truly exists? She came here? Somehow? I had no idea…”
“She did.”
“I assume you do not know her full name, then. But ah, was she large? How many hundreds of feet? What coloration?”
Ryoka stared at him. She had a sinking feeling…she hesitated.
“I never saw her full size. She was uh—variable. But she was up to two hundred feet in the air at one point. I think her scales were obsidian? Deep purple.”
“And that wasn’t her full size?”
Ryoka shook her head. Rhisveri hummed.
“My. Did she have fins? Those curved fins along the side of the head that—”
Then he caught himself and glowered at Ryoka.
“Not that I believe you, Thief! This is all very, very suspect. But I can see I have underestimated the prey I’ve caught. And you…”
He frowned. Now he inspected Ryoka, his head easily moving around her from all angles. Ryoka covered herself protectively with her limbs. Rhisveri rolled his eyes.
“Please. What kind of degenerate lusts after mammals? Get a Dragon for that—or are you used to it? I know one of them is part of it. No…what a strange weapon. You have anti-magic cuffs on you. They are working. But the wind listens to you. Why does that work?”
He eyed the Faeblade, deactivated. Then his eyes frowned even further.
“And what valuable treasures are these?”
He stared down at something lying on the ground. He’d been able to take them off her, but even his ‘clothing disintegration’ magic hadn’t removed Nama’s footwraps. Rhisveri stared at them, then sniffed the air.
“You have…a number of very valuable things. That’s worthless. Why?”
He stared at the Faeblade. Then he frowned at the footwraps.
“That’s valuable. That’s as valuable as…and what do you have? S…eleven priceless artifacts? Give them to me.”
