8.35
Page 16
The [Liar] saw heads turn. Sergeant Gna’s face was a look of disgust. Some of the others were not bothered by the act of bodily functions in and of themselves…they just really wished Bird hadn’t told them.
Bird hurried off. He opened his pouch as the others kept moving at a slightly slower pace; he could catch up if he ran. He placed Niers on a rock.
“Hello, small man.”
“My name is Niers Astoragon.”
“You are also a small man. My statement is factually correct.”
Niers sighed. If he stayed on this, he had learned he’d never get anywhere. He nodded at the group.
“Listen. We have work to do. I need you to do me a favor…”
Bird listened, tilting his head left and right. In the end, he nodded.
“I will do this because I agree.”
He picked Niers up and the Titan really wished he had a way to speak in Bird’s ear or ride from higher up. He said as much to Bird.
“It’d be a lot more damn convenient if we could communicate—or I could with you—without me having to pull you aside.”
Bird nodded. He stared at the belt box that Niers was sitting in. Then at Niers.
“I wish you could speak into my head. But you are not True Antinium, thus, inferior.”
Niers paused. His head moved up sharply.
“Is that a power of True Antinium?”
Bird gave him a blank look.
“Yes?”
He sounded so dubious that even Niers couldn’t parse if this was uncertainty or a lie. He folded his arms.
“Which is it?”
The [Bird Hunter] tilted his head playfully and waggled his antennae.
“I do not know if I should tell you. You are a dangerous person. Maybe we have powers. Who knows? I am a [Liar]. Even I do not trust me.”
Niers groaned. He put a hand over his face. Of all the Antinium he had to be saddled with…but then he felt Bird pick him up.
“Wait, what are you doing?”
Bird was striding back towards the caravan, but he hadn’t replaced Niers at his belt. The Antinium spoke, happily.
“A smart thing. You are lucky you have me.”
 
—-
 
No one else knew what to make of Bird. One second he was unveiling a new Skill, and making grand proclamations. The next?
“What’s he want?”
The Antinium had been arguing with one of the group for the last fifteen minutes. He had come back, shouted, ‘I have something to tell you!’, and then realized he had something to do first.
The others craned their necks as they walked or rode, in the way people with absolutely nothing to do on the road did. Bird finally finished his negotiations.
“Thank you. I needed it.”
He turned from the duo who had something he apparently needed. Apparently wanted, that was, because…well, the Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings had not seen it the same way as Bird.
Nevertheless, if there was someone with a spare hat lying around? Bird turned, with his antennae sticking out of a huge…top…hat. Badarrow, drinking water, sprayed it out of his mouth and laughed so hard he nearly fell off his horse.
It was one of the more ostentatious hats that the Brothers used. And for that reason, even the two Brothers weren’t wearing it. Bird had altered the hat to fit him; part of the reason they’d been unwilling to give a good hat away.
“Why does he need that?”
Sergeant Gna looked at Bird askance. He had somehow become even less threatening.
“I will get a new one and repair this hat.”
He assured Normen, the junior Brother, and adjusted the top hat. Niers was pacing around on top of Bird’s head, muttering something about ‘this is so stupid’. Bird happily adjusted the hat.
“This is a nice thing. I could hide something inside here.”
“What are you doing, you idiot?”
Niers screamed silently, such that only Bird heard him. Normen gave Bird an odd look.
