8.35
Page 25
He survived, of course, thanks to Hedault’s ring. There was no fear for Kevin. He had bypassed the simple law of ‘if I land wrong, I might break every bone in my body’. The world was open to him. Of course…Hedault was even better at skateboarding.
Poisonbite knew none of this. She just ran to the cliff and saw Kevin signalling for a Wyvern to pick him up. She stared down at him.
It was love at first sight. When Kevin landed amid the cheering Goblins, Poisonbite strode over. She looked up at the Human.
Then she took his skateboard.
“Hey!”
Poisonbite lovingly stroked the beautiful object. Then she took off running with it. She shot down a hill, minus Kevin’s ring. Poisonbite didn’t care. This was—
Kevin watched the little Goblin wipe out on a stone. Poisonbite flew—hit the ground—bounced—he winced. Then covered his eyes.
“Oh no.”
 
—-
 
Rags watched one of her lieutenants lying as a Goblin [Healer] laughed his ass off at her, then applied some healing potions. She shook her head.
“If good Goblins die to skateboards…”
It looked like a lot of fun. Deadly fun, but what other kind was there? She looked back at her interesting guest.
“Sorry. I really didn’t expect her to just yank the board and…go. No one skateboards like that. We have skating parks where it’s safe. Not cliffs.”
Rags waved a hand.
“Poisonbite is stupid. She likes you.”
“Is that the Goblin who wiped out like that? She’s cool. She could be a [Boarder]. As in skateboarder.”
The Chieftain of the Flooded Waters tribe hesitated.
“That a good class?”
Kevin hesitated. He poked at a frittata that was loaded with Calescent’s spices. It was probably not bad, but neither Rags nor Kevin touched the snacks in her new, personal office.
“Uh…it’s all about skateboarding. I heard some kids in Pallass got it.”
“So…it’s about doing tricks on skateboards?”
“Mhm. Ah, it’s really...good. And not too spicy! Is something wrong with Calescent?”
Kevin chewed on a frittata. Rags tried one after that. She wondered if the [Spice Chef] was sick.
“No [Boarder] class, then. Waste of levels.”
“You’re the Chieftain. Uh…sorry. Should I call you Chieftain Rags or…?”
“Rags is fine. I call you Kevin.”
The Goblin flicked her fingers. Kevin grinned in relief.
“Cool. Thanks.”
She eyed him. Looks were deceiving. Kevin might be more of an Erin-puddle, rather than just a buffoon.
“So. You want to tell me about Earth?”
Kevin was checking a second frittata for telltale spices. He glanced up.
“What? I mean…yeah. Anything you want. You said you were thinking it over. I can tell you about all kinds of stuff. Magnolia—that was, Lady Magnolia—made us organize it all. I can give you most of it in order. Anything that helps. Gears. I have tons of gears and stuff; that might help. I’ve seen your ballistas and stuff. It’s amazing.”
He meant her Thunderbows, the oversized crossbows made with Wyvern bone and sinew. Rags nearly smiled at the compliment, but she studied him.
“…Why? Why are you being so open?”
Kevin popped the second piece of frittata into his mouth. He and Rags waited as he chewed and swallowed. They were deeply suspicious of Calescent’s motives, but they didn’t realize he’d gotten a new Skill. [Hot Enough For You]; a way to save the tongues of countless Goblins. They would celebrate it later when they found out.
“I…don’t mind telling you. I mean, there’s all kinds of stuff.”
“Guns. Bullets. Fighter planes. Nukes.”
