8.35
Page 17
“Fellows have, although it’s a normal place to check for any [Guard]. What would you hide?”
“Birds?”
That checked out. The two Brothers sighed and looked at each other. The rest of the group put it down to ‘more Bird-isms’.
And thus, the lie is doubly a lie because I told the truth and then lied. Bird the [Liar] grew in power every day. He rubbed two of his hands together. Then got to work.
“Numbtongue. Sing.”
The [Bard] gave Bird a look as he sat on the wagon, taking a break and eating lunch with Octavia.
“What?”
“You are a [Bard]. You must sing.”
Someone kicked one of Bird’s antennae and he clarified.
“Play your guitar, that is. A [Bard] has songs. Sing songs. Make us happy or fast or something. You damn idiot.”
The Hobgoblin’s mouth opened. Bird smiled happily at him. Niers slapped his face. Why was this so hard?
Yet Bird was able to communicate Niers’ will, and by that, what Niers knew would work. He was still a [Grandmaster Strategist], and he had observed inefficiencies or simple faults in this group already.
They had a Level 35 [Bard] and he didn’t so much as hum. Numbtongue crossed his arms. However, Bird happily climbed onto the wagon and began poking him, like a Goblin.
“You are a [Bard]. I know you are sad and quiet, but a [Bard] must level by being a [Bard]. Your songs help us. I know you have Skills. Use [Song of Rejuvenation] and we will go even faster.”
“How do you know I have that?”
The Hob blinked. Bird tilted his head.
“I have a good memory?”
The [Soulbard] chewed on a sandwich, glanced at Octavia. She nodded enthusiastically.
“You play really well, Numbtongue. I think we’d all like marching music. Bird…has a point.”
“I have all the points, thank you, Miss Octavia.”
That was how the Goblin was bullied and cajoled into sitting at the top of the wagon. He took a while to get started, harumphing, having to be poked by Octavia, but then he began strumming on his guitar.
He did not sing. But he did strike up a chord that was electric. They weren’t necessarily ‘marching tunes’, but Bird, or rather, Niers, was right.
The group heard the music, and it took something from them. The monotony of the journey. And…their exhaustion. Their steps picked up; not that they’d been flagging, but even the best [Marchers] lost the spring in their steps. With Numbtongue’s music, they accelerated on their long journey, and had something to listen to.
“Damndest music I’ve ever heard. The Bannermare would kill for someone like him in her army. Alright. Keep working.”
Bird nodded to himself and adjusted his top-hat. He rather liked it. If he stood still, would a bird land? Maybe he should have a hat that had one of those bird-houses. It would be…a trap.
His next move was to march over to Ulvama as she rode. Bird poked her leg. She smacked his shoulder.
“Stop that, little Ant-thing.”
She was grumpy; there were no cookies on this journey into the unknown. Mainly because she’d eaten all of them in the first two days. Undeterred, Bird poked her again.
“You are a [Shaman].”
Salkis watched Bird out of the corner of her eye. So did the Goblins and Fierre, jogging ahead with Fals and Garia; everyone did. He was just too entertaining. Sergeant Gna saw Ulvama roll her eyes.
“Yes.”
“You are a bad [Shaman].”
The Hobgoblin’s head snapped around. She glowered at Bird, who returned her gaze innocently.
“You have [Shaman] powers but you do not use them. Fix it. Now. You damn idiot.”
