8.35
Page 19
Of course, she varied her markings. Sergeant Gna saw Infinitypear adorned with a silver-blue paint, predominantly. Ulvama was an artist of kinds; she had bright spots of yellow around what looked like a connected ‘map’ of inner rings and lines. However, she promptly decorated the Redfang with a crimson addition to her warpaint that made the Goblin look even more fearsome.
“Is she just painting whatever color she feels like?”
Sergeant Gna grumbled around, but no one was her friend to chat with. Bird happily stopped and explained before Snapjaw or Ulvama herself could.
“No. She is assigning different markings because they have different powers. Blue is often a symbol of defense, or warding like silver. I thus deduce because I am smart that Ulvama has given Infinitypear a defensive marking. In the same way, the Redfang Goblin there has one to enhance her strength in battle.”
The [Sergeant] blinked. Ulvama whirled around, nearly dropping her brush. Snapjaw was very impressed. Bird lifted his arms happily.
“I would like paints to make me better at hunting birds!”
“I give you some to make brain better.”
Ulvama grumbled, but she eyed Bird with more respect than before. And confusion.
“What’s the composition of the paints? Is there ah, any inherent magic or is it all shamanic? I’m asking for…me. I want to know if I could sell them and if they’re useful.”
Octavia sidled over to Ulvama. The Goblin waved her away.
“Paints are power. I give more power if I want. All power. But mine.”
“You’re using my ingredients.”
The Stitch-Girl gave Ulvama a big, happy smile that made it clear she was not reaching for the club at her side. Ulvama gave her a toothy grin.
“Yes. So? My paints. Big secret. You pay me, I give.”
She turned back, chortling. Right before someone poked her in the side.
It was a Goblin tradition, but wow was Ulvama getting tired of it. She turned, snarling, and stared at an empty vial. An empty vial…until Octavia gave it to Ulvama and the Goblin felt the weight.
“I’ll trade you how to make one of these for paints.”
The [Shaman]’s eyes went round as she focused on the Invisibility Potion. No Goblin knew how to make that in any of the tribes she’d been in. She and Octavia locked gazes. Then Ulvama waved her over.
“Also how you draw it. See? Like this…”
It was something that Octavia would not have dreamed of doing a year ago. In the same way, it was this point in time that was creating unusual events.
Rasktooth was making a snack. Infinitypear was striding about, feeling good. [Spirit of the Wild] was making the Worker feel…well, excellent. The further they got from Liscor, and especially now, marching without a city in sight, Infinitypear felt alive. More alive than ever before.
He was on an adventure. And he’d level again that night.
 
—-
 
There was another angle to the group, though. One not instigated by Niers, but a product of…well, the species involved. It occurred during the same rest stop.
“Okay. Alright! Okay! We’ve got a break and I’m still full of energy. Let’s do this, Fierre.”
Heads turned from Ulvama happily slapping paint on Sergeant Gna in the most ugly coating possible to see Garia and Fierre relax in a patch of shade. The City Runner grinned.
“Unless you’re too tired in the day? What with being a…”
She mouthed ‘Vampire’. Fierre glowered at her, alarmed. She rolled her shoulders, staying in the shade, and gave Garia a toothy grin. She was wearing all black, and always had a hood on. But she was feeling a lot stronger than she ever had.
So was Garia. So the [Martial Artist] beckoned. And the two began to spar.
