8.35
Page 22
“House Byres? Those…peh.”
She blew air out and rolled her eyes—at the exact same time as the Cave Goblin. Fierre realized what she was doing, turned red, and stomped off. The little Cave Goblin followed her, delighted by the Vampire’s style. What she wanted to tell Fierre was that she approved.
She was still curious where her new class had come from. After all, she wasn’t a whatever-Fierre-was. The Cave Goblin wondered what a…[Goth] was.
 
—-
 
There was no way for the little Goblin to know how this class had attached itself to her. She fit the criteria, but the class?
A young woman was arguing with a young man.
“I am telling you, it happened! My [Goth]-senses are going off.”
“Bullshit.”
“Go fuck yourself, Roodney. Someone else has the class!”
Lord Hayvon had been listening to the conversation. He strode over.
“Miss Beclaire. Did you say you thought someone else had your…new class?”
The world’s first [Goth] looked up. She had come from Earth, with the countless other men and women. Children and adults. Many had asked to be made into [Mages], [Wizards], [Warriors], and more.
She? She had refused. She knew exactly what she was. And her class was a mystery to the Rhir-born experts. She nodded, as Roodney rolled his eyes at her dark makeup, her attire of two colors; black and white.
“I’m as surprised as you are that it’s a class, Lord Hayvon. But it makes sense. It’s a way of life. Being a [Goth], that is. I told you it could be a class.”
Her triumphant look at some of the others made Hayvon nod.
“But what does it, ah, do?”
Beclaire pursed her lips. She tried to explain, as a [Strategist] hurried over, taking notes.
“Being a [Goth] is about culture…some people will tell you we’re dark and depressing, but in truth, a lot of us love music, poetry, writing, and so on. It’s about elegance. You see…”
She kept talking, as the [Lord] and [Strategist] exchanged glances. They began to realize…this was not a combat-class. His Majesty’s great warriors were…
Interesting.
And now there were two of them in the entire world.
[Goths].
It was just one of those things that happened.
 
—-
 
It was about Earthers. Which one did you get? Sometimes you got unlucky, and they had the lifespans of mayflies.
Other times you got the lucky card. With significant downsides like a Tom. Or a Ryoka which was…well, Ryoka. What was the value of an Erin? A card that started a revolution in your deck was interesting, to say the least.
And sometimes you got the kind of young man who’d jump on a Wyvern because a [Spice Chef] invited him to.
A…Kevin.
Goblinhome was in the middle of fortifying itself. Goblins were preparing for a fight. What was new? Goblins loved fighting, or it seemed to outside observers. Rather, Goblins might say ‘we’re preparing to defend ourselves because we keep being killed’, but it was semantics.
Poor Goblins. Goblins so sad. Goblins die. Goblins have tragic lives of persecution. As if they were the only species that had a target on their foreheads.
It got old. So if there were clandestine observers in the High Passes, watching Goblinhome, from, say, oh, a cliff three miles higher up, they’d get pretty tired of Goblins being Goblins. Especially since they knew Goblins. The little dangerous man and those adventurers had been more interesting.
So normally there wouldn’t be much interest in the Goblins, even though it was clear they were gearing up for a big fight. They’d added more walls, dropped the pretense of hiding their base, and were creating even more traps. Tamed Wyverns were flying around, ferrying supplies to another base.
