8.35
Page 20
It was something they’d begun back at the farm. Now? Fals sat there, watching Garia move into a jumping kick.
“Careful, Garia! Don’t hurt—dead gods.”
His jaw dropped. He had never seen Fierre fight. And while it was true she was not a [Martial Artist]…and had little fighting experience…
She was also a Vampire. She dodged, leaning back with incredible dexterity. Which made Garia instantly go for an axe kick. But Fierre just blurred left and went for a punch.
“Bad form! Fierre, you have to stop punching like that!”
Garia halted her friend, and pointed to Fierre’s terrible posture; she’d tried to throw a big haymaker from the side as she dodged back. Fierre growled.
“Oh, come on! Let me at least fight…”
“Not if you’re going to do it like that.”
Fascinated, some of the other warriors watched. Fist-fighting was alien to Salkis except as a non-lethal way of hurting someone. Sergeant Gna snorted at anyone using their fists in a battle.
However…the Redfangs were approving. Badarrow nudged Numbtongue.
“Not bad, huh? Huh? We better?”
“Nope.”
The [Sniper] glanced at the [Bard], surprised by this lack of bravado.
“Not better? You ever fight?”
He pointed at Garia. Numbtongue nodded. He rubbed at his side.
“Jump kick stupid. Don’t get hit by it. Rib-break death.”
“Ooh. You like her?”
Badarrow’s grin made Numbtongue shove him off the wagon. He was more talkative than Numbtongue remembered. It was probably Snapjaw’s influence.
After all, Goblins were exceptionally social. One of the most social groups in their own community, in fact. Just…not with words all the time. As it happened, they were sharing a space with a similarly insular group that saw everything as new.
Antinium. Fierre and Garia transitioned from sparring to practicing kicks, punches, and even how they stepped. They knew they had an audience; it made Fierre a bit embarrassed, and wary, although she didn’t show off any Vampire-specific powers. Garia clearly revelled in it.
However, one observer became obvious when they saw him imitating them. The two young women turned as they stopped punching to stare at the copycat.
Instantly, the Antinium turned away innocently, as if he hadn’t been doing anything. Garia laughed and called out.
“You can join us if you want! Bird! Bird, tell whoever this is…”
Fierre stared a bit uncertainly, but Garia was at home with the Antinium enough to beckon the Soldier over. Shyly, he walked over. He was unpainted, as of yet, but not unnamed. Pawn had helped name the Soldiers and Workers who had volunteered to join Bird, and while he hadn’t figured out what he wanted to make his sigil…
“Who is this, Bird? He can join us in practicing martial arts, right?”
Pivr had hurried over to reprimand the Soldier for fraternizing with the ‘flesh people’, but Bird happily nodded.
“More classes are good. This is good. Shut up, Pivr. No one likes you. You damn…”
He tilted his head and decided not to say it. Pivr looked hurt.
“No one likes me? I am beloved in my Hive. This is a fallacy, Bird.”
He looked around for support. Everyone was silent or looked the other way. Pivr’s mandibles slowly opened wide—then drooped.
“This…”
Bird peered at the Soldier, realized he had no paint, and turned to the others. He didn’t actually know this Soldier as well, but he remembered the name quickly enough.
“Ah. Yes. This is Touma the Great.”
Fals sat up. He eyed the Soldier, much impressed. Garia also blinked.
“Whoa. What’s so great about him?”
Bird gave her a blank look.
“That is his name.”
The City Runner grinned, thinking he was telling a joke.
