8.35
Page 28
“Foreigners. You—you have a longsword as preference. Want something else? Battleaxe? We have a flamberge, rusted, but you might get it if you ask. We’d give you a shield if you want to strap it to…”
He indicated her stump of an arm. Yvlon shook her head, slightly.
They actually asked what weapons she wanted? Rexel requested a short sword instead of her daggers, and a shield instead of a second one.
“Can I get a throwing set?”
“We’ll see. I’ll write it down. Remember! You get rusted gear or good ones if the Arena Master decides otherwise or you have a patron! Or get lucky! Alright…”
They went down to the next cell. Yvlon shook her head.
“Madness.”
“Just remember the plan, Silver-arm.”
“Would you call me by my name?”
Leprel looked at Rexel. The Stitch-Woman nodded slowly.
“Sure, Yvlon. Remember. We stick together. We just have to survive until enough fall or forfeit. We do it right and the Champion might not go after us. He might throw a spear or two…we can get stitched up. You can’t.”
Yvlon nodded, head lowered, clearly not really listening. The two Stitch-people exchanged concerned looks. They’d gambled a lot on making Yvlon their ticket to surviving until they were full-time [Gladiators]. But between a full-scale bout and the Champion’s enmity…
“Ten minutes! Last chance!”
The Arena of Rust’s gladiatorial rooms lit up. Yvlon found her cell unlocked. She glanced at the far doors, but they were enchanted and reinforced. She flexed her hand…then turned.
The [Gladiators] were mustering in their areas. The regulars didn’t share rooms with the newcomers, who had essentially upgraded cells. Even here, though, Yvlon saw them collecting their gear. She eyed a rusted longsword with distaste.
“Iron.”
“Someone doesn’t like you. And someone…ah, Nerrhavia’s end! Someone likes me!”
Rexel beamed as she found a pack of four throwing daggers she could strap to an arm or thigh and a shortsword and shield. Yvlon stood there, longsword in hand and looked around.
Prisoners and the lowest-ranking [Gladiators] were talking. Some were shaking, refusing to talk to others; others weeping. However, many of the ones who had survived just looked…alert. They checked their weapons, murmured, made last-minute pacts.
She saw a Human woman lift a little pouch and sniff from it. Her pupils turned huge in her face.
“Uh oh. Selphid dust. Keep out of her way. Someone’s intending to make an impression. You can gain a lot of favor and fame in the mass-bouts. This is the biggest match of the week.”
Leprel muttered. She eyed the woman who was about to go on a similar berserk spree to Selphids Rampaging—hence the name.
Yvlon hated it all. She thought of Pisces, then the coming melee.
“Five minutes!”
The prisoners lined up. A lot fought to be near the gates. A man with a single metal armguard, mismatched amid faded leather with holes in it, stitched up, shoved a Dullahan woman wearing wooden armor to the side. He peered through the grates.
“Looks like pillars and broken walls! Good cover!”
He shouted. More fought to be first. First to be out and getting the best positions, Yvlon thought.
A game of blood. She stood at the back of the throng. The other prisoners were watching her, and the gladiators. Yvlon’s head was lowered. She could hear the crowd roaring outside, and someone bellowing. A female [Announcer]?
“In the Arena today we have the first mass-battle of the month! Here is our beloved Champion—”
A scream of noise. Yvlon gritted her teeth. The [Announcer] was reading out names of gladiators, to greater or lesser cheering from their fans.
