8.36 H
Page 22
As the [Necromancer] lustily made out with his oft-hated foe, the [Knight] broke away, her cheeks flushed carmine with desire and the illegality of their actions. It was the wisest of the four, the half-Elf, who stole her gaze skyward again.
“I will hold off the undead. Go! Run, you fools! Run!”
 
Her envisioning of the scene…broke apart as Heartslayi’s account failed to match up with what she, Yisame, believed of the group. Clearly, the [Necromancer] and [Knight]—Yvlon? She wasn’t a [Knight]!—were in a love affair that only came to the fore in this last hour.
They died in each other’s embraces; the [Necromancer] and [Knight], as the brave Antinium fell last of all, taking his own life as he realized his companions were gone and there was nothing to protect. Yisame stared at the book.
“I hate you, Heartslayi. That’s not what happened! The—they clearly weren’t in love! It’s Ksmvr and Yvlon! That’s the true pairing! You—you—!”
She raised the book to throw it, then put it down. Sourly, Yisame looked around. She needed some wine.
 
—-
 
Not all books were winners. Yisame read as she sipped wine on her little sofa-seat. The book floated open in front of her, and the automatic page-turning spell flipped pages whenever she flicked a finger.
Not having to hold a book meant you really could read at full leisure. This was the decadence of wealth. Rich-reading.
The [Queen] sometimes wished all she needed to do was read. That she was a [Queen] of such a powerful nation meant this was only a hobby, for all it was something she was levelled highly in.
In time, she would have to designate an heir, even if she herself never married, and oh, there had been attempts which she had beaten back. She might be deposed, her power might wane…Yisame’s goal was to reach a ‘retirement’ that did not involve her death. And that was not a given, especially because a former [Queen] was a liability unless you made absolutely sure she would never come back.
She had been born into the wrong life. Not just because it didn’t allow her time to read. Also because her dreams of these glorious heroes and protagonists of their stories were dashed. Because she was one of the few people who could actually meet the very people who were written about. That was a poor thing, incidentally.
Never meet the heroes you read about. They were never as charming, as grand, as…brilliant as they seemed. Yisame knew this because she had read of the wrathful, yet visionary [Bandit Queen] who had taken over a nation. A water-wielding genius who had been expelled from Wistram, whose younger sister was one of the greatest [Pirates] in the world!
That was the book’s account. Yisame’s personal, first-hand experience? Less exciting. The Siren of Savere in real life was a [Thug], not some grand sorceress supreme, just like her sister was a…[Pirate]. Not a [Pirate Queen] of yore.
The King of Destruction…Yisame thought of him and closed her eyes bitterly.
She had met him as a girl and he had seemed the stuff of stories. When he rode through Nerrhavia’s Fallen with his armies, he had been the legend in flesh. The man to unite Chandrar, to make other continents tremble. She had needed no books then, but she had read every story of him and been a fan.
Many Stitch-Folk had, Yisame believed. They had loved him.
Right until he fell into his slumber and his kingdom shattered and put her in fear of her life. Half her family had died in the chaos; the suzerain, her step-uncle had tried to shield her. Or had he been treacherous as rumor said?
