8.36 H
Page 34
A village with no official ruler. Forsaken. Who would live here all their lives? Was Novethur happy, being king of an anthill?
Ceria knew the answer, at least. She was 65…no, was it 66 years old? She was already forgetting to count. Yes, she had passed some of that time in a half-Elven village, but 60 years was still…sixty years. She was older than the rest of her team put together.
She did not always feel it, but when she stood with the [Village Head], she was older. When she was around Luaar or her team, she was younger. She could be both.
“It is a lovely land. Dry. But your village seems happy.”
“Some of us long for greener, richer lands. More levels. We are content here, though, Miss Ceria.”
Novethur nodded. Ceria’s vision wandered the landscape. She exhaled another cold plume of air which vanished into the violet, almost pitch-black night sky dotted with glowing stars of every color.
“That’s what Humans—not you, the ones in Terandria—never got. Half-Elven villages. People think they’re exotic, beautiful places. Some are. I heard there’s an enclave of my people in Chandrar. Clay Earth or something. Tree rot, I don’t know. I heard they were snide and arrogant. All I know is that my village wasn’t impressive. And the Humans always wondered why we didn’t ‘improve’ it or make it fantastic to live in. Mind you, I ran away, but…”
Novethur was listening, fascinated by the half-Elf from a land apart. She glanced up at him and grinned.
“…They never got that it was fine as it was. Some half-Elves lived centuries drawing water from the same well, rather than having an enchanted bucket or water-conjuring spell.”
The [Village Head] nodded. He understood.
There was more comfortable silence, then Novethur spoke.
“Luaar will be unhappy to see you go. He keeps wishing for you to cast a great magic.”
Ceria’s head turned slightly in the darkness. No torches at night; Novethur’s eyes were adjusted to the darkness, and burning wood was a waste. If they needed a [Light] spell, they would have conjured it, but it could attract unwelcome attention from afar.
“…Do you want me to? I’ve been trying not to show off big magic. Children see that and they run off to be adventurers. I’d rather be the goofy chipmunk.”
The Human man snorted.
“His disappointment will only be for a while. Thank you.”
Ceria nodded. That’s what she’d thought. She listened, with all her might, and stretched her magical senses in every direction. But she saw nothing. At last, she murmured.
“…There’s one more thing. I might stay longer. These…[Bandits]…concern me. And that village. You said no one’s appeared from it? To the northeast?”
Novethur’s stomach lurched and he nodded slowly. His head turned in that direction, but it was far out of eyesight.
“No word. Not that we have the [Mages] to communicate magically, but I have heard of [Bandits]. Perhaps worse?”
He looked at her, but the monster-slaying expert only shrugged.
“I can’t guess from just silence. Lots of monsters could do that. People too.”
“Of course.”
The [Cryomancer]’s eyes glinted. She hesitated as she met Novethur’s eyes.
“I can beat bandits. The question is…am I going to bring down more danger on you by staying? I wasn’t sure, but Novethur—I think something is after me. Either my relic or from the Village of the Dead—someone is calling me ‘murderer’. I can hear it. You know what kind of trouble an adventurer can have following them.”
His skin crawled, and not from the cold. Novethur saw Ceria glance back towards the hut where the circlet she had taken from the Putrid One lay.
“Murderer?”
