8.36 H
Page 35
“Yes. I’m not sure what’s causing it. If you want me to leave tomorrow, I will. I’m happy to fight [Bandits]. But my entire team was nearly killed by the thing in the Village of the Dead. And it’s…still alive. We teleported out using a scroll. I—bet there are more of those scrolls.”
Novethur gulped. He looked at Ceria, but she was content to let him wait, gather her thoughts. In the darkness, the man’s face wasn’t really visible to Ceria. She saw him shift, foot to foot, glance back to his small village of huts. Not a hovel; just not rich. A fine place to live if you wanted that.
At last, he bowed his head.
“Tomorrow might be for the best. My apologies, Miss Ceria.”
She nodded, smiling slightly.
“Tomorrow it is.”
She went back to rest after that, and he went back to watching for threats. On the fourth day, Ceria slept.
On the fifth, the [Bandits] came.
 
—-
 
“Festering tree slugs! Tree rot! Pisces’ sniffing nose!”
Ceria’s cursing in the quiet of Novethur’s hut made Luaar less worried, somehow. She was tense, glaring, a wand in her skeletal hand, but not afraid.
He was. The villagers were in their homes—all those who didn’t have a bow, or pitchfork or other weapon. His father had a spear and buckler, and was facing down the [Bandits] who had rode up, nearly thirty strong, and whose leader had dismounted and was a hundred paces outside the village and walking closer.
“The first bastard who fires an arrow we will kill! Don’t be stupid, you lot!”
There were only thirty, compared to the hundred people of Nerhs, but in terms of a fighting force, they outnumbered and out-levelled the adults who had actual combat classes. Their leader was a bored-looking Stitch-woman who still contrived to stride forwards warily. She had a spiked shield raised; a curious design.
Ceria was hidden with the others, watching as Luaar’s father faced the [Bandits]. She narrowed her eyes.
“That’s a razorcut design.”
“W-what’s that, Adventurer Ceria?”
Luaar had a cutting knife, and he was ready to fight. He tried to make his voice strong, but it kept shaking. The half-Elf glanced at the boy. Her eyes found the knife, his wide-eyed gaze. She nodded at the [Bandit Leader].
“Spikes around the rim. That pointy thing in the center, see?”
Luaar peeked at the rounded shield, which had jagged ‘leaves’ of metal sticking out around the rim and a central spike, just as Ceria said. The half-Elf groused.
“You run into someone with it, then slap them with your shield if you get an opening. It’s like having a shield and a blade. Nasty weapon. Not a good sign she’s got one.”
“Why?”
Ceria was a Gold-rank, wasn’t she? The half-Elf frowned as she stared at the shield.
“…Because the shield breaks constantly. It’s not enchanted. You always break an edge in combat. That shield-spike? Snaps off like you wouldn’t believe. I had a friend…Gerial…he broke it in six battles running. It cost so much to repair he switched to a regular shield.”
Luaar didn’t see why it mattered. Ceria did.
“They’ve got a [Smith] and the resources to maintain a shield like that. Or it’s new. Could be—but their horses look good. No missing saddles, no wear and tear—this is a professional group of [Bandits]. Damn.”
By all accounts, Ksmvr had taken on a decent group of [Bandits], but every seasoned adventurer knew that the quality of outlaws varied. This group? They stood, laughing, talking, but alert. They’d spread out from the village to avoid area-attack spells, and they weren’t whooping or racing about, trying to terrify the people of Nerhs.
