8.36 H
Page 15
[Complete Silence] enveloped the rooms. Accordingly, Yisame thought she saw a slight shadow behind the doors to her rooms vanish; a [Servant] sulking off. Yisame waited a beat. She knew her rooms were warded; her people were not incompetent and protected her.
Nevertheless…there were things she wanted to keep secret. The [Queen] walked over, found a chair, and wedged it under the handle of the door. She closed the curtains herself. She sat in the cool darkness, and her pulse spiked a bit.
Queen Yisame of Nerrhavia’s Fallen…had a secret. Of course, everyone knew she had a secret. Monarchs all had their foibles. Still…still. What they ‘knew’ varied.
For instance, common-folk knew that Yisame sometimes visited the gladiator arenas and had a favorite—the current Champion of Champions, the title for Nerrhavia’s Fallen’s greatest gladiator in the capital. They were always favored by royalty, or how else would they be the best?
No less than Mars the Illusionist had once come from that very arena, and Yisame sometimes was seen in disguise, watching the battles.
That was, of course, made up. Propaganda spread around. Yisame didn’t really care for the current Champion of Champions, a quite showy Centaur woman. So what people ‘knew’ was wrong.
They thought they knew her passions, her debauched pleasures and sinful little secrets. Some things her [Spymaster] made up. Some things Yisame let spread. The truth was…a lot of what people assumed a [Queen] would do were wrong.
Yes, you could hire the greatest [Courtesan] in all of Nerrhavia’s Fallen to provide you with service and unimaginable pleasure. Any species! The greatest Skills in the art of sensuality. Yisame had done that.
She had also taken other pleasures. She had done everything someone with her means would, experimented, indulged herself. The problem was…it got old. The most high-level [Courtesan] ran out of tricks the eighth time you met with them.
A Potion of Divine Sensation did its work every time you drank it, even if the Drakes refused to produce it anymore. It got old. Drugs lost their kick; they were addictive, but not unique.
Everything became…boring. Boring, because Yisame could have anything she wanted. If she were poorer, less influential…
“Ah, to be less than Silk! To have…challenges.”
The [Queen] lay on her bed, filled with enchantments and protective spells worth more than some of her lesser nobility’s entire fortunes combined, and bemoaned her fate. Then she rose, whisper-quiet despite the ring on her finger glowing with soft, dark iron light, and walked to a corner of her room.
Her private chambers were already large enough to play a soccer game in. Not at the highest tower of Nerrhavia’s palace—royalty got tired of the commute—but in the center of that grand place. Accordingly…Yisame traced a finger across a bookshelf, found a bound volume conspicuously a bit worn.
The Secrets of Monarchs. She rolled her eyes. Whoever had designed this mechanism to begin with had a sense of humor. She pulled it, and the entire bookshelf promptly…vanished.
A powerful illusion spell that revealed one of the secret passages known to litter the palace. This one was not connected to the other chambers or hidden hallways; it was for the ruler alone.
…Of course, the [Spymaster] knew it existed. The [Servants] knew Yisame tip-toed down there. They probably monitored the local teleportation spell or secret passage out of her private rooms to make sure she was safe if she went out ‘in secrecy.’
