8.36 H
Page 44
But her master had taught her well. The basic spell was being used to form nigh-vertical ramps. Walls which would slow the Crelers down, some already ten feet thick and growing. She had to be careful with the water she had. She would call it back as they broke through layer after layer, reinforcing the heart.
Yet the design was already in place. Look. The Adult Creler visibly hesitated as it saw a fortification emerge, rounded layers of defense. From any angle, it was a nightmare for infantry to attack. A frozen bastion.
Ceria had seen it once before. She had made it once before, in a time like this. Never completely. She did not yet know the spell, but she knew exactly how it should look. How strong it should be.
After all. Her master was Illphres, the [Ice Mage] of Wistram. And her great spell had been—
“[Fortress of the Ice Queen].”
The half-Elf’s lips moved. It was not that spell. Not yet. Her ice was too weak. It could melt, even now. It was not strong enough.
But it was close. The villagers of Nerhs were staring. Luaar and his father looked at Ceria.
“This is—”
“There.”
Ceria pointed. She had taken their hut, frozen a world of ice around it and two more. In the very center of her castle, a ramp opened.
“Get down there. Hide. I have to battle them from up here.”
She was on a parapet of ice. Ceria was breathing hard, but she hadn’t even begun the battle yet. She raised her wand.
[Ice Lance]. The first oversized projectile formed out of the ice she was standing on. A jagged chunk of it rotated, turned into a spire of frozen death, and shot forwards. Ceria saw three Crelers vanish, crushed more than pierced by the impact. She raised her hand, and the ice began to float back to her.
She could not waste a drop. She only realized Novethur was still standing there after a second. Ceria glanced over her shoulder.
“I can’t protect you unless you’re there. If the ice breaks—run. I’ll buy you all the time I can.”
She didn’t waste time arguing, if there was anything else he actually said. Ceria turned, and cast the spell again.
“[Ice Lance]. [Ice Lance]. [Ice Lance].”
Some people—Pisces—believed you should have variety in your spells. In a [Mage] battle, that was true. But this? All you needed to do was kill Crelers.
Last time, [Ice Spike] had only been able to nail baby ones, and not even kill them. This time—Ceria watched as the gigantic stalactites pulverized the little ones, turning them into twitching trails of orange paste and limbs.
They reached the walls by the time she realized the villagers had gone. Below her, they were in the huts. Ceria closed the ice ramp—added airholes from the south side and weakened the ice there. If they needed to, they could break out that way.
Part of Ceria, the part not casting spells, aiming, knocking down the Crelers already swarming over the first layer of walls, knew the Crelers would get to the villagers of Nerhs. Hence her placing them at the center of her fortifications.
They could get through even my best [Ice Wall] in time. They can melt through the ice, bite through it. She had to keep them back.
The Crelers, nearly three dozen, were already through the inviting, open gates. They charged down a narrow corridor of ice between two ten-foot-high [Ice Walls]. Such an inviting passage. Ceria focused on them.
The two [Ice Walls] flexed, and both walls slowly rammed together. The Crelers saw it coming and tried to scrabble up the sides of the walls out of danger. Two made it—Ceria picked them off with rapid-fire [Ice Spikes]. The rest?
