8.36 H
Page 28
The [Gambler] tried to smile at Yvlon. The blonde-haired woman sighed. She tried to smile, but the grimace of pain made her glare. She stood up and everyone in the cell flinched. But Yvlon just rapped on the cell’s bars.
“Hey. I need to use the restroom.”
An [Arena Guard] came by quickly. The prisoners watched in silence as Yvlon was led out in wooden handcuffs, with a nervous squad around her. Only when the Silver Menace was gone did they begin talking.
“She’s going to snap. You’re going to get us all killed, Rexel. Oh, dead gods, why did I trust you?”
Leprel moaned, banging her head on the floor. Rexel was licking her lips.
“We can still survive. She’s sick—we need a [Healer]! But we can’t get one because she messed up any chance of getting a patron!”
“Hasn’t she gone six times today?”
One of the new [Gladiators] in the cell across from theirs called out nervously. Not in actual sympathy for Yvlon; more like a fellow prisoner trapped in a room with a ticking time bomb. Rexel nodded.
“I think she’s in trouble.”
“What happens if something gives?”
“…In the toilet?”
“No. What happens if she snaps?”
The gladiators in their cells thought about that. Silently, they began looking for holes to enlarge, or escape holes for when the Silver-Killer went on her rampage.
 
—-
 
Of all the unpleasant things to happen to her, Yvlon would have said ‘getting my arm ripped off’ or ‘fighting a rot-monster undead in the Village of the Dead’ was one of the most traumatic.
Somehow, though, not being able to have a sufficient bowel movement—any bowel movement—was quickly moving up the list. It was not something you talked about in polite conversation. But the truth was…
Nothing was coming out. And it had been days. Yvlon had not participated in a match after the first debut. So…two days of training and acclimation here, plus a day and a half of transit. Plus another day and into mid-morning today…
“Damn it.”
She was sweating, clutching her stomach, and sitting in the stinking privy for the low-class [Gladiators]. Yvlon Byres hated a lot of things.
The Champion of Rust. The arena. Her imprisonment.
And her new class. [Gladiator]. Level 3! It made no sense. She was already a [Warrior]—getting a second class in that vein shouldn’t happen.
It was because she had to be one. Yvlon gritted her teeth.
“Dead gods damn it! I’m going to kill something!”
A woman sitting in the stall next to Yvlon was finding it very hard to do her own business. It was like…trying to pee next to a rabid bear with a silver arm. In theory it was easy, but not right next to one. She rapped on the stall next to hers.
“Can we trade places—?”
“No. Shut up!”
Yvlon Byres sat there for another minute. Then three. She heard a tinkling sound. She could drink and pass water, but…she thought she knew exactly what the problem was. The problem was…something had to come out or she’d die! This was not how she wanted to die, but the Champion of Rust was still alive! She was sick, missing an arm, her team was gone and she couldn’t—even—
“Graaaaaaaah!”
The wham in the bathroom made the [Guards] and [Gladiators] sharing the space all jump. The [Gladiator] in the stall next to Yvlon’s stared at the metal fist that had just punched through the wood next to her face.
She fled screaming at the top of her lungs. Yvlon Byres sat in her stall as the others were evacuated. She emerged a minute later as the very nervous guards took her back to her cell.
No joy. So it was with the worst mood possible she saw the [Arena Master], standing behind a double-rank of [Gladiators] and [Guards], trying to smile at Yvlon.
