8.36 H
Page 7
The Order of Seasons and the army of Pheislant…hesitated. For a second. Then Ser Greysten roared.
“Season of Summer! Season of Spring! Fall! To arms! Ailendamus has sent our brothers and sisters against us! It will be a fine battle.”
He began to blaze with Summer’s heat. The [Knights] checked themselves. Rabbiteater moved into formation behind Dame Voost. He heard some of them talking.
“Ten thousand? They may outnumber us ten to one!”
“So? Commoners. They take almost no members from the aristocracy. I hear they induct them by the thousands if need be. Hah.”
It was a sentiment that the Goblin heard from more than a few helmeted heads. He glanced around.
“Not the most charitable of ways to say it. However, we do out-level them. I have not heard the Order of the Hydra was known to be, ah, the most high-level. I might guess even our Spring Knights stand above them.”
Ser Markus was flexing one hand. Dame Meisa was uncharacteristically silent. Maybe because she saw it the way Rabbiteater did. Neither of them were noble.
He saw it a bit differently than the Order of Seasons. Rabbiteater looked at the all-infantry army. Lacking horses, yes, lacking specialization to their armor and weapons which were mass-produced. Commoners en-masse.
Put another way? He saw ten thousand [Knights]. Who didn’t have horses, which were a pain to feed and keep healthy, a huge saving, who could run in full plate armor and who had the morale of common-folk who knew they could fight and elevate themselves. Become more than they were simply born.
Like…Goblins. Oh, and one more thing? Their mass-produced armor and weapons were fine steel from Ailendamus’ huge, mass-producing forges, and mass-enchanted. Weakly enchanted, but mass.
Rabbiteater eyed the army. Then he spotted their champion. He inhaled suddenly, and gave voice to his feeling.
“We are in trouble now.”
The Order of the Hydra did not march just with the sound of their own voices. The loud voices, the shouts were replaced by a distant melody. A spirited one. The Order of Seasons heard it drifting towards them on the breeze, incredulously. Did the lack of decorum of this Order know no bounds?
They were playing…a song. A song—not a national anthem or glorious war-song, but a pop-y, running song. Sung by a female [Singer].
The Singer of Terandria, in fact. It came from a song-crystal, strapped to a [Trumpeter]’s horn and blasting out of the enchanted tube. Rabbiteater thought it was a great song to run to. If the Redfangs—no, if any Goblin tribe had heard it, it might have become their theme-song. He began to tap a foot against his horse’s side.
“What song is that? I want to buy a crystal.”
He nudged Meisa. Ser Markus absently pulled something out of his bag of holding.
“I believe I have a song-catalogue of the Singer’s latest songs.”
“Markus! Now?”
Meisa rolled her eyes as Rabbiteater looked over and matched the song to the name already.
Good to be Alive, as originally performed by Skillet.
“Ooh. Good song. Why do skillets sing?”
Then his head rose again. Because he heard a distant voice. The enemy commander was bellowing, so loud that even the distant Order of Seasons heard it.
“The Order of the Hydra fights on foot! We triumph with our feet on the ground! Time to bring down some [Riders]!”
Now those were fighting words. The Order of Seasons’ backs went up. Ser Greysten grinned grimly. He shaded his eyes.
“Ah. Now that could be a problem. The one good [Knight] in the entire Order of the Hydra has come against us already. Is she Ailendamus’ Great Knight?”
