8.36 H
Page 21
The point was, this was what Yisame lived for each day. Imagining great adventures, losing herself in the printed word.
She wanted to be Level 30. She wanted it so bad she could almost taste the new Skill she might get.
The problem for Yisame was that she could not use her Skill on her own meager writings; there were limits. As a low-level [Reader], many of her Skills were confined to ‘literature’, which meant bound and sold books of a distribution of at least 1,000. Esoteric tomes, spellbooks, were also out of reach. For now.
Someday, though, she’d make her own writings come to life. Yisame envisioned her [Sublime Daydream] Skill lasting for an hour, maybe even letting her interact with the stories, rather than be the observer. When she had first gotten it, bugs hadn’t bitten her; there had been only sight and sound, not smell and feel.
Mind you, she had some, ah, guilty pleasures. Yisame blushed to think of it, but there was a section of more licentious tales, some hearsay, some actually based on fiction. Her Skills worked on those books, but the truth was, she was now addicted to stories in her time.
The Lightning Thief was all very well and good and she got a good hour out of painstakingly writing her new story idea down, but she went back to Book #31,129 of Tales of Adventure and Woe. She flipped through it, bookmarking the Stargnoll for later, until she came to the part she had personally witnessed on the scrying orb.
The Last Stand of the Horns of Hammerad. A Village of the Dead short story by Heartslayi.
Yisame frowned at the name. There were two Village of the Dead stories, one by an Izrilian [Author] who had apparently interviewed the teams and had blow-by-blow accounts. She was less interested in that, having re-watched the battle many times.
This? This was…fiction. Yes, definitely. ‘Heartslayi’ was a new [Writer] that Yisame didn’t like. Mainly because her works had been turning up in books like this. She wrote romantic fiction. Yisame wrote her own fiction, but she had yet to get the Lightning Thief short stories published. ‘Sandquen’ was her pen-name, incidentally.
“Hmf. So. What has she written this time?”
Yisame critically opened the short story. One of her Skills activated.
[Total Immersion: Literature].
And then she was there. Rain was falling over the Village of the Dead. Because she had seen them, heard their voices, Yvlon, Pisces, Ksmvr, and Ceria were all there, right in front of her.
Yisame experienced the scene on one level like that. On the other, she was still reading the words set down by the writer. Quality did matter, so bad writing could take you out of the story, just like good writing took you in. She saw the four look back.
The undead were coming. The bone giants, zombies, and Draugr were flooding back the way they’d come. A vast, writhing mass—a Wailing Pit rose up, voices singing in discordant harmony. The Horns were wounded, determined to reach the center. Yet…all that remained in the center was a greater death.
Undead with glowing eyes rose out of the ground. A vast skeleton Dragon landed, roaring, and the Gold-rank team saw there was no way out. Undead from behind. Undead ahead. The Antinium, Ksmvr, spoke, resting a hand on his shortsword.
“I shall serve until I fall, my boon friends. Go ahead without me. Comrade Pisces, what are you doing?”
His head turned. The Antinium blinked as the [Necromancer], Pisces, in his torn white robes, broke away from the romantic kiss with the golden-haired woman with silver arms. Their tempestuous embrace broke away as…
Yisame blinked. What?
“What?”
 
