8.36 H
Page 9
For instance: yes, the King of Destruction was burned. Yes, the Terandrian crusade would not threaten other Chandrarian nations if the ‘noble kingdoms of Terandria’ just happened to decide they wanted another colony or didn’t agree with the way a nation was governed.
On the other hand? Khelt was awake. It had deployed no less than three groups of Revenant undead who had displayed terrifyingly powerful Skills. They had ground down an entire crusade’s advance, and the infamously dangerous Claiven Earth and all of Medain had barely halted them. And only then because it seemed like two of the Revenants got bored and retreated!
Not to mention the fact that even if the King of Destruction was wounded, the very act had been a Djinni-led assassination. A rarity in any but the most brutal wars. And…he had freed a Djinni and now a city was gone.
Revelation after revelation. All bad news. But the crowning cherry on top, ironically, the straw that was breaking the camel’s back—no, the giant wood log falling from a hundred feet up? Two things.
Firstly, the takedown by Drassi of no less than Queen Yisame on public television regarding her culpability in the Djinni attack. Nerrhavia was a laughingstock. Worse, the crown’s authority was called into question and they were being viewed as having ordered the attack, despite it really being unauthorized!
Secondly, and from another angle: the loss of Alked Fellbow, Named Adventurer, to Khelt. Yes, Nerrhavia’s Fallen was a superpower, arguably one of the finest for sheer size and power, if not as newly come to it as Ailendamus. But losing a Named Adventurer?
No nation bore that lightly. So the two disasters, more than the rest, were political and military. Political embarrassment was one thing; the courts would gleefully spread rumors, gossip, and claim you were failing and on your last stitches, even if they had to whisper it for fear of public redress.
You could weather that. But the [Generals], noble [Emirs], [Administrators] of each region, and every other military body in Nerrhavia’s Fallen who had a sliver of power had their own agendas. They viewed defence of the realm as a key; wars and plots to expand the nation and their own power, or defeat enemies within or abroad were their stuffing and stitches. Losing Alked—permanently; he had renounced his citizenship!—was a devastating blow. Khelt itself was terrifying to these war hawks.
Now Nerrhavia was caught between two very angry, very powerful groups. The royal courts were abuzz, the higher echelons heaved with unrest, and Queen Yisame had an ulcer.
She poked at her stomach and felt a wave of pain radiating upwards from her guts. Nevermind that her body was sewn with Kisquiel Silk, a royal cloth from the origin of their kingdom, looted from Nerrhavia’s own coffers—no. The same silk that gave Queen Yisame such unparalleled radiance, grace, and splendor did nothing to fix her stomach problems. She stared at her glorious, bronzed skin-cloth, treated daily with dozens of alchemical substances to keep it supple and young, and made a face.
“Servant! I require a replacement stomach.”
Yisame delicately plucked the string knot around her guts, and the beautifully concealed thread came away. Royal she might be, but every Stitch-Person was used to changing their body. In a trice, Yisame had the offending stomach, stitched of the same Kisquiel Silk, out and felt the hollow feeling she knew all too well.
“Your Majesty! The [Chiurgeon]—”
“I have no time! Do not summon her!”
