8.36 H
Page 46
The half-Elf laughed. She had started laughing. Her robes whipped around her. Despite the midday heat, her tower was frozen solid.
Running out of ice. She said something then. A reminder. Below her, Nerhs’ people stared at the glowing bodies pressing themselves against the walls shielding them. Luaar heard something.
“Hell’s Wardens.”
The half-Elf shouted it down from her tower. She dragged a chunk of ice into the air and sent it crashing down. Something bored through the ice and leapt at her. It met frozen armor; a skeletal hand. She tossed it out of the tower and hit it mid-air with a spike of frozen water.
“Hell’s Wardens!”
They were just words. But the villagers of Nerhs looked up. The [Cryomancer] rained down ice—now lightning spells that sent limbs jerking spastically. She shouted it back at the thing that called her ‘murderer’. A title from Rhir. Luaar, Novethur, looked up.
Was she really that? The title even Gold-rank adventurers acknowledged? She shouted it down at the monsters.
“Hell’s Wardens! Hell’s Wardens! Hear that you little pieces of tree crap? Hell’s Wardens! Crelerbane! HELL’S WARDENS. HELL’S—”
She bit her tongue. Ceria spat out some blood and spittle. She conjured some ice out of the walls protecting her and hit another Creler mid-leap.
“Hell’s Warden.”
Then she ran out of water. There was ice left, but all of it was in the walls. Ceria watched as Crelers clung to the outsides, bodies glowing. Anything melted she desperately threw into regrowing her protections.
No more water. And her mana was too low to cast other spells, even if she could have used [Fireball].
The Adult Creler was just watching. She had killed the Juvenile Crelers, and it was wary. It was letting the remaining small ones eat towards her. They did have a survival instinct.
“Too bad I’m out of tricks.”
Ceria’s flash of anger had lasted all of six minutes. She pressed her hands to the ice, bare feet of protection from a scratching flurry of claws, willing it to freeze. Her breath was an icy mist.
She couldn’t rage. She wanted to. She wanted to pull from that reservoir like Yvlon had, keep fighting even if they tore off her arms. Ceria couldn’t.
“I…can’t even tell if they’re alive.”
She muttered. Death by Crelers. Here. There was something ironic about that. Maybe? Her energy was fading. She stared at a glowing abdomen. Were those eggs inside the one coming for her?
Her hand crept down to the circlet. Her [Dangersense]…grew louder. Ceria grinned.
“Nobody knows what will happen next. Do you think I’m scared?”
The Adult Creler was watching her. No, watching the circlet. She saw it draw back when she lifted it. It knew.
“I have lost my team twice. I’ll do it. I’m crazy.”
She felt her [Dangersense] telling her what would happen if she put it on. Mysterious artifacts…Ceria gritted her teeth. Something was wrong. She had to do something.
“It’s hard. Angry. Hard to…”
Water. Water, if only Nerhs had more water. If only she was a [Bloodmage]. Let’s teach yourself blood magic now. Good idea. Good…
Stupid. Someone was whispering in her ears. Ceria swayed. No, wait a second. She was having a vision. A memory? A delusion? What was supposed to happen?
Someone had a grip on her ear and was twisting it hard. Are you stupid? What kind of self-respecting [Ice Mage] learns blood magic? Go change your class if you’re going to do that.
Who would say that? Ah. Yes.
Illphres. Wouldn’t she say…Ceria felt the ice warming. Not enough material to keep between her and the Creler.
