8.36 H
Page 43
Had she fled? The villagers followed Novethur as he ran down the main street. They found the half-Elf. She was standing in front of something.
The well. The village’s only well, with the bucket hanging there, waiting to be pulled up. She was staring down. Down into the well. It was hard work to pull water up from there, and it was sometimes brackish. There was a purification stone in the bottom, but it wasn’t perfectly working.
“Adventurer Ceria. Please…”
Novethur stopped. Ceria looked back. The silly half-Elf who ate Yellats, laughed, couldn’t even cast [Fireball]…Luaar’s despairing look turned to confusion.
The air…was shimmering. Ceria Springwalker’s pale eyes were glowing. Her skeletal hand, holding the birch wand, was aimed down into the darkness. There was ice coating the stones of the well.
She looked at the villagers of Nerhs. The [Arctic Cryomancer] smiled.
“Miss Ceria. Can you save us?”
Novethur panted. Ceria glanced down into the well. It was the village’s lifeblood. Without it—Nerhs would surely end. You could not live without water. That was why her magic had so little power here. There was just no…water.
She looked up. Luaar saw Ceria’s hand slowly rise. He heard a crack as the stones forming the well’s basin broke from the cold. Then saw something moving upwards.
A pillar of ice. It climbed out of the well, breaking through the simple roof. A sheer wall of water.
All the water in the well. It rose higher, and began to split. Nerhs’ people looked up. Ceria looked at all the water in Nerhs. All she had available to her. She turned to Novethur, and Luaar. The boy looked at the half-Elf and she gave him a wild, insane grin.
“I can try. Stand behind me.”
 
—-
 
The Crelers swarmed towards the open gates of the village. They were hungry. There was never enough to eat. And eat they would, until nothing was left in this world.
But they were also angry. They hated everything. They hated all things. But they hated what lay in this village most of all.
Murderer. Something had murdered one of them. That knowledge made them even hungrier. The Crelers could think. They could tell the village’s walls would never stop them.
The oldest of them had confidence that the single murderer would die. It had sensed no great power from the single murderer; a disturbing amount of it from something within the village the closer it drew, but no terrifying magical aura from afar.
The first Crelers were within a hundred feet of the village when something coated the walls. It made the Adult slow. Temperature was just another component it could sense along with magic. And this was visible to all.
Was that…ice? Something foreign to most parts of Chandrar swept upwards, covering Nerhs’ simple dirt walls. Fortifying them. Creating a solid, vertical wall.
Ice. It frosted the huts, created ramps, trenches, interior walls as it rose higher in the center of the village. The Crelers slowed. How was this happening? Even Crelers needed water, and there was so precious little of it.
The [Cryomancer]. She was tapping into the groundwater of Nerhs. A lifetime’s supply. A village died as the water funneled out of it, and this was a dry land. So dry and arid because all the water was funneled elsewhere by other magics.
But let Nerhs die so this fortress could live. Ceria’s lips moved. She was rising higher, on a dais of ice.
[Ice Wall]. That was her spell. [Glaciersheet Ice]. [Frozen Quickshape]. [Adept Iceform]. She did not need any of these Skills; they just made her faster, made the ice tougher.
