8.36 H
Page 41
It was after her. Her doom. The half-Elf suddenly didn’t care about the [Bandits].
“I—I have to go. Novethur, if something comes after me, just run. Don’t fight it—”
“What is it?”
The villagers were sensing the danger too. Now it echoed in the air. In all their heads. Wrath. A word.
“MURDERER.”
But who shouted it? It was not the same voice that Ceria remembered, the half-Elf who turned into the rotting giant. His had been a despairing, furious rage, but this was not the same tone. Moreover, he had spoken with an actual voice.
Something was familiar, though. Something—
A terrible trepidation came over Ceria. She knew what this was. She knew, and she did not. Her head turned.
“The north.”
It was the [Bandits] who saw it first. They turned, cried out, loosed arrows—then fled. The [Enforcement Raider] looked at something, hidden by the hill, and screamed a word of terror. They raced away, shouting.
Why? The pieces came to Ceria, slowly. One by one.
Something destroyed villages.
Something called her murderer.
Something hated her. But why? What enemy had the half-Elf in Chandrar? It had not followed her across the sea. It had been here. Waiting. It had sensed her. And its kind had come, crawling, destroying, consuming, as they always did.
They tore out of the soil, scurried across the ground. The first Ceria saw of them was glowing orange bodies, morphing to attack, long biting mouths exploding out of their fleshy forms. Whirling limbs, scything mandibles. All death. The horrors of Rhir.
It came out of her mouth in a whisper. Novethur shouted it and it was taken up as a wail of despair in Nerhs.
“Crelers!”
Then Ceria Springwalker understood. She looked past the first line of crawling bodies, the tiny larval-form Crelers. There were larger shapes, giant pillbug-monsters, some the size of oxen, charging along behind their mindless brood-young.
But the one that knew her, that led this horde? Only one of them had thought. And there it was.
An Adult Creler.
It tore open the earth in a geyser of sand and dirt. It had been tunneling towards her, but now gave up all pretense. A vast body, armored, with no weak internal organs showing, lifted itself out of the ground. A hideous maw exposed glittering interiors, poisonous saliva. A mind that could reach out and talk, could think, raged against Ceria’s own, pressing at her with malice.
Murderer.
It knew. The Adult Creler tore forwards. Ceria Springwalker, who had slain one of the world-ender’s threats before, looked at it. The Humans around her were screaming. Ceria?
She began to laugh. Hysterically? In despair? Luaar didn’t know. Everything in him had changed to terror. The nightmares of Rhir were here! They had destroyed both villages. Even the [Bandits] had fled.
The Adult Creler was leading a brood of hundreds. Ceria’s wild laughter cut off as Novethur grabbed her arm.
“We have to run! Ceria! We must flee—can you slow them?”
She shook her head. Her mind was racing—she looked at the Adult Creler and Novethur seized her arm again. Ceria broke out of her trance.
“There’s no outrunning Crelers. They could down us if we were all on horseback.”
“Then what do we do? Fight?”
Novethur stared at the Crelers. So many crawling baby Crelers, and Juvenile Crelers…an Adult Creler alone could wipe out the village. A baby Creler could easily kill a man. An entire team of Silver-ranks could take on a single Juvenile Creler.
He saw annihilation. Ceria? Her lips moved.
“It’s…a small nest.”
