8.36 H
Page 3
If true and not the oft-unreliable court gossip, that would be a disaster. The Great Knights of Ailendamus were, like their Great Generals, an actual class. Not the most…mm…inspired of names, but the fact that Ailendamus could appoint anyone to a new class that was an upgrade over a regular [General] was something indeed.
He banished the thoughts from his mind. The man stopped, checking his silver-and-wheat hair in a full-body mirror. He adjusted the glowing sash of amethyst, the band across his vibrant felt coat, as red as a glossberry. He was attired with a light, heavily frilled, and ruffled shirt of pearl white, and darker pants that would be charcoal black but for the gold lining.
The effect, as the doors were opened and he strode into the huge courtroom, was calculated to blow the loose coat back and let it swirl about him as he strode into the room. Ailendamus’ great servant beheld a grand auditorium.
That was the charm of Ailendamus’ palace; the sheer display of wealth that gave rise to so many vast chambers. Why, even the hallways could accommodate armies in themselves. It was so vast even half-Giants need not stoop under the ceilings. An architectural message: we shall never be assailed in our capital. There is no need for tight corridors or hallways. Ailendamus, this vast kingdom, had no small ambitions.
And thus, even a non-critical chamber such as this was practically cavernous. The man looked up slightly, appreciating the relief drawn across the ceiling. A thousand [Artists] had renditioned a battle of King Itorin I over his enemies in a splendid drawing in the domed room.
Of course, the army overhead was matched in scope by the army which had knelt to greet his arrival. The capital’s guards, the audience in their humble clothes, and of course, the [Knights]. Or…[Squires], rather.
They were men and women. Half-Elves, Dwarves, even a Stitch-Woman. They knelt, heads uncovered, all armored in the lighter colors of their order. The man surveyed them in silence. Then he crossed to the podium and dais, his motions fluid, his head thrown back, shoulders squared to let his coat billow behind him.
One would be fair in thinking he was a [King]. Certainly, he carried himself like one. Of course, he was not. [Kings] did not care so much as to practice the stop, heel-turn, and flourish of the arm that let him step up to the podium. Nor did your average member of royalty practice throwing their voice such that it filled the air, deepened by vocal exercises, magnified to catch the ear perfectly through extensive, nay, obsessive practice.
“I am Baron Regalius du Ecte, [Regent] of the Barony Veilau in service of the glorious Kingdom of Ailendamus. By the decree of the crown as vested in me by no less than his Majesty’s proxy, Duchess Vepil herself, I have been granted the right to bestow titles with the full weight of Ailendamus. It is my honor to convene this ceremony on this day of Liriean, the 20th of Weris on the year 213 A.E. as set down by Ailendamus’ calenders.”
The oration of Baron Regalius du Ecte filled the room. By the end of the first sentence, his voice, already filled to bursting with pride, had swelled further until he was practically bellowing ‘no less than his Majesty’s proxy’, and ‘honor to convene’.
Not at his audience. But rather, to the room itself, as if he stood before a million of Ailendamus’ citizens rather than a mere thousand, and this was the highest of honors. In a sense—it was.
