8.36 H
Page 24
It looked bad if she relaxed while everyone was struggling to replace Alked Fellbow. Yes, he was one Named Adventurer, but he was the one who killed so many monsters that it freed up [Soldiers] for the armies. But because no one valued him enough, he was gone! Hemp or not, this was not Yisame’s fault, but whoever decided to pay him less than the Silk adventurers!
She had never even met the Named Adventurer. Yisame listened to the bickering, hiding her glower behind a smile.
Then, as if someone had done a [Flying Jump Kick] to her face, Yisame started. She rose slightly from her throne as one of the many conversations she generally ignored permeated her ears.
What?
“Did someone mention the…Antinium presence in Illivere?”
Those around her looked confused and Yisame realized the Seat of Words had amplified a distant conversation. She honed in on the speakers, a pair of young nobles.
“…Prince Zenol is returning. Since he isn’t a Named Adventurer, he must have a good excuse.”
Yisame heard the two snigger and recalled that one of the many [Princes] of Nerrhavia’s Fallen had been at the Village of the Dead. The young man sipped from a cup.
“I am telling you, it must be the Antinium in Illivere truly is that one from Izril! The Village of the Dead’s raid! What was its name?”
Ksmvr. Ksmvr of the Horns of Hammerad. [Skirmisher]. Prognugator of the Free Antinium, exceptionally interesting, probably in a relationship with Yvlon Byres.
“Kiss—Kisel? Ksmever? I don’t know their wretched names, Lamistu. So that thing actually survived? But why Illivere? Couldn’t it be another one?”
Ksmvr!
Yisame’s eyes opened wide. The young man scratched at his chin as she opened her fan with a snap. One of her [Attendants] looked up and hurried over.
“Well, maybe the Human in the Arena of Rust really is the same one. Silver Arm. The recording’s something, isn’t it? Here, let me figure out how you ‘re-play’ it…”
“Your Majesty?”
The [Attendant] leaned over. Yisame whispered behind the fan.
“Those two over there. The two young men. They are watching something and referred to an ‘Antinium in Illivere’. Find out what that is. Fetch me a recording.”
The [Attendant] blinked, but bowed at once and hurried to find the [Captain of the Royal Guard]. Yisame watched her actions send a ripple through the court.
She was interested in the two young men, which meant everyone else was. They broke off their conversation as a beaming [Emir] strode over. Startled, they glanced at the throne, and began to whisper, confused, nervous. More figures turned from their conversations as word spread that Queen Yisame wanted to know what was happening. By the time the [Captain of the Royal Guard] made his way over to enquire, the topic of court had shifted.
“Your Majesty is interested in Illivere today?”
The [Spymaster] approached Yisame’s throne cautiously. He took it to be a sign she was redirecting conversation politically towards Illivere. Yisame could almost see his brain working.
Was she making a move to have Nsiia’s captivity shifted to Nerrhavia by making the Illivere topic a priority? Was it that or deflecting from the Djinni debacle? Perhaps—had she decided to transfer the Tiqr occupation forces to Illivere for concessions, say, Golems?
Yisame just wanted to know about Ksmvr.
“We are told an Antinium has appeared in Illivere, [Spymaster] Zenm. That surely cannot be, can it?”
His eyes flickered, trying to keep up with her machinations. In the end, he smiled warily.
