8.36 H
Page 33
“That? Oh—something I thought of. Ice replacing skin. It didn’t work.”
“Is it…an advanced spell?”
Novethur, as a [Village Head], had access to a very weak pool of mana, but higher-level [Village Heads] were actually known to be on par with [Hedge Mages]. Ceria shrugged.
“It’s not a spell. Call it…a sign of mastery. I don’t know if there is an enchantment that could permanently replace my skin like that. I can cover myself in ice and create a mask that’s static. Living ice is harder.”
“Living…ice?”
“Frost Elementals. I can create them, and I know there are creatures that are entirely made of ice in the northern lands. Maybe Chandrar too?”
Ceria’s eyes became distant. Novethur couldn’t imagine it; ice was a luxury here, without powerful spellcasters like her. Even having free ice meant his village was now considering refrigeration and eating shaved ice—even selling it to other settlements!
“Is such magic beyond you, then?”
Ceria blinked.
“…No? I can probably do it. Or I’m close…my master could, and she was—higher level than me.”
Her face grew sad and her ears actually drooped a bit. But then Ceria smiled. Novethur recognized that. It was the kind of expression he made, when he talked about his late wife. It did not hurt less. But you had lived a while since then.
“The problem isn’t control or expertise. It’s uh…it’s dry, here.”
Ceria gestured at her hand. Novethur blinked, and got it instantly.
“Ah. It surely is.”
He was used to the sensation, the lack of moisture in the air and static charge that could accumulate. Ceria was not. She kept shocking herself on pieces of metal and she hated the feeling. She licked her lips, grimaced.
“I’m out of my element. Literally. Ice-magic isn’t water-magic—someone from that school would be dying out here. But I need moisture. Most of my spells require some water, even if the ice itself is magical.”
Frustrated, she kicked at the ground. She would have practiced her new [Summon Lesser Frost Elemental] spell if she had the chance. Here?
Novethur bowed slightly, as if this entire region’s lack of water were on him.
“We do have the well, Adventurer Ceria. But…”
“I know. I can sense the water down there. I’m not about to use up your livelihood. And my hand’s fine, see? It’s actually really helpful when you cook. No burns. I can also poke anthills and they do nothing.”
The half-Elf had horrified all of Nerhs by trying their local insect varieties. Well, the children thought it was fascinating. Novethur smiled, and it was genuine.
“Will you be leaving soon, Miss Ceria?”
It was not a random question. The fact that she had the energy to stand up after a day of mild exercise told him she was mending. She had barely been able to keep her eyes open at first. Ceria nodded.
“If I can buy a horse—yes, maybe tomorrow. If not? I’d wait a day or two to get one. I know it’s the ‘adventurer crawls in wounded, rides off into the sunset’ routine, straight out of the book—”
Both of them had read the relevant handbook on adventurer-villager interactions and smiled. Ceria went on.
“—but my team’s out there and I need to find them.”
“I understand. You have been very generous.”
“And you saved my life. If you want more gold…”
Ceria saw the slight shake of the head, and took her hand away from her money pouch. They stood together, half-Elf and [Village Head]. Ceria admired the flat landscape, seemingly inhospitable, and Nerhs itself, in the lee of the hill of dirt and stone that provided enough shelter to live in.
