8.36 H
Page 25
“…Of course. We had brought it up, I believe, but the Djinni-incident occurred around the same time. A single Antinium. An adventurer.”
“From the Village of the Dead? Truly?”
Had she missed it by zoning out all the time? Yisame’s interest disconcerted the [Spymaster]. It was clearly feigned, but what was she up to? He bobbed a nod.
“Of course, your Majesty. I can present you with all the relevant documents. I do believe it is the same adventurer from the Village of the Dead—Magus-Crafter Femithain seems to believe so, at any rate.”
“We see. Then we shall peruse a full report within the hour, [Spymaster].”
She waved him away. The man’s jaw opened and closed; he hadn’t expected her to actually ask for a report. He hurried away, trying to figure out what this betokened. The rest of the other factions watched, equally wary, as Yisame was presented with what the two young men had been looking at.
“A recording of the gladiatorial events, Your Majesty. The Arena of Rust, I believe. A smaller arena.”
“We do so enjoy watching such sports, my loyal [Captain]. Pray, play it before us all.”
The [Royal Captain] raised his brows; he was aware Yisame hated the gladiator matches since he never had to escort her to any. But it fit with the court’s image of her, so many people gathered to watch. Yisame stared down at a recording and then her eyes nearly popped out of their sockets. She nearly removed one to check the stitching.
The one-armed woman charged the Champion of Rust, screaming so loud it was faintly audible over the roar of the crowd. Her arms morphed into silver pincushions. Yisame saw Yvlon Byres staring at her blood-soaked hand as the stunned audience looked down at her.
Then the [Silversteel Armsmistress] turned. The recording of her first bout, freshly copied over to the palace that day, showed what happened next.
Yvlon Byres let the Champion of Rust flee back to the gates. She dragged up his axe, raised it overhead, and to the stunned [Gladiators], prisoners, and crowd, bellowed up at the sky.
“I am Yvlon Byres of the Horns of Hammerad! I have been unjustly imprisoned! Come hither and lie about my deeds, attack me, or slander me and I will rip your heads off in self-defense, you spineless cowards.”
So saying, she raised the enchanted axe overhead—and began to charge the remaining [Gladiators]. Her two companions stared after her as the [Armsmistress], who had just defeated the Champion of Rust, went after the rest.
The [Gladiators] of the Arena of Rust took one look at her and ran for it. So did the prisoners. Yisame watched for a good minute as the Human woman ran around the arena, chasing a school of frightened fish—some of whom tried to climb the walls of the arena to escape.
“Silver-Killer! Silver-Killer!”
Yvlon Byres only gave up when the crowd, cheering her name, began to applaud. She stomped towards the gates, tossing the axe down to wild cheering.
“This—this was this morning?”
The Queen’s voice trembled slightly. The rest of the court was chuckling; some looked bored, others connected the events at the Village of the Dead and were mildly interested. Yisame?
The [Queen] of Nerrhavia’s Fallen looked at the angry Human. The very angry woman whose entire reaction to surviving a raid and near-death scenario and being teleported across the world somehow was to come out swinging, spitting hellfire and vengeance and trying to push everyone’s face in within arm’s reach.
She was…everything Yisame wanted at this moment. She was an attitude in and of herself.
