8.36 H
Page 45
They tried to glow, to heat up and melt the ice at the cost of their own energy. Too slow; the ice crushed them. There was a scream from their kin, who backed away from other kill-zones.
“Idiots.”
If the ice breaks, I’m dead. She hadn’t told that to Novethur. He didn’t need to be told. If the ice broke, he’d try to escape. Smart man.
“[Frost Arrows]. [Ray of Frost]!”
Ceria aimed for a Juvenile Creler trying to ram through one of her walls. As it broke through, she saw the deadly arrows made of ice bounce off its armor. The ray of frost?
Well, it chilled the Creler, and froze another one—for seconds. Then they just warmed up. Ceria nodded.
“[Ice Lance].”
She sent the Juvenile Creler reeling backwards so hard it fell onto its back, exposing its weak underbelly. Before it could twist over, Ceria hammered it with [Ice Spikes]. It flipped over, but she saw it leaking its internals. Still, it came on.
Crushing them is the only way to make sure they’re dead. Ceria saw the Adult Creler stalking around her fortress. Looking for a weak point? She hadn’t even tried to kill it.
The half-Elf watched the Crelers break through the first walls of the village. They smashed the ice down, and their claws carried them up the frozen ice with dismaying ease. However—she raised another [Ice Wall] in the faces of a group of Crelers. As they swarmed up it, she tipped the wall and it fell forwards, knocking them down and crushing their comrades.
[Cryomancer]. What had Illphres always said? Oh, yes. ‘We’re not rapid-cast [Mages]. Go apprentice yourself to Amerys if you want to just blast things. We control our battlefields.’
That was what Ceria was doing now. She was creating kill-zones, funneling the Crelers through, squishing them, hitting them with [Ice Lances].
Running out of water.
Something was wrong. Ceria tried to lift a puddle of orange and melting ice. Creler blood mixed with the water of Nerhs’ well and she…couldn’t…pull it up. Not with ice magic alone.
It’s blood, not water. She didn’t know how to control it. Ceria hissed; she took apart one of the broken walls to pound at a Juvenile Creler trying to come up a wall. She thought she heard a note of triumph in her head.
Murderer.
Ceria was getting awfully tired of that voice. She turned and saw it.
The Adult Creler was stalking through a ruined wall, after the vanguard of its kin. It had offered them up to break through and now, it was scuttling forwards. It rammed into her third layer of [Ice Walls] and exploded through. Ceria threw up her arms and a thin [Ice Wall] shielded her tower from the spray of shrapnel. She aimed down.
“[Ice Lance]! Die, damn it!”
The jagged spear of ice shot downwards and…cracked on the Adult Creler’s armor. It was young. But—Ceria’s lips twisted.
“Yeah. I needed Yvlon.”
Slowly, her fingers reached down for something hanging on her belt. She aimed at the Crelers she could kill and a Juvenile Creler collapsed as the Adult clawed at a second wall. Ceria slowly grasped the circlet hanging there.
Not yet.
 
—-
 
She stood on the fortress of ice. The smallest Crelers made their way up to her, but found she had encased herself in a clear wall of ice that she could fight from. She blasted them off with spells as they gnawed on it. She tried to slow the giant Creler, as spells flashed out around her.
The ice available to her was…diminishing. The more it ran together with Creler blood, the less she had. She heard the beating voice in her head.
Murderermurderermurderermurd—
