8.36 H
Page 36
It was a competent shakedown. The bandit’s representative stopped as Novethur moved out of the village’s gates.
“We are prepared to defend ourselves if you attack, Miss. Nerhs is a peaceful village, but we will not let you do what you please.”
The [Village Head]’s grip was firm on the spear. The [Bandit Leader] sized him up. She was chewing something, and looked bored. Nevertheless, her tone was brisk.
“[Village Head], are you? Listen up, man. We’re not going to plunder and destroy your village. There’s no point. Heard about a group hitting settlements to the south and west? That’s us. We’ve ‘raided’ nine places before yours and we have three to go to meet quota, so let’s not waste time.”
Novethur hesitated. Ceria blinked, and her eyes narrowed. The leader gestured at the village.
“We don’t want to have to kill you all, burn your bodies, salt the soil, etcetera, etcetera. It’s dangerous for us, and it completely wastes time and money. There’s nothing to squeeze from rubble and dead bodies. If you run us off, and that’s a big ‘if’, we’ll just come back with twice the numbers and burn this place down. So here’s how it’s going to be. We’ll calculate an appropriate fee, you fork it over, and you don’t see us for a few months.”
“You want us to pay you protection?”
Novethur spluttered. The [Bandit] raised her brows. She was already waving someone out of the throng.
“Protection? No, we’re robbing you. Just…what’s the word? Economically. Sustainable robbing.”
“You expect to steal our wealth and expect us to trust you?”
An angry [Villager] with a bow had a spot on them from a watchtower—the only one in Nerhs. Ceria winced; the woman had a bead on the [Bandit Leader]…and nine [Bandits] would hit her if a firefight broke out. That watchtower was a death trap.
The [Bandit] had the expression of someone who’d had to do this all week. She slapped her chest.
“Listen. Do you have a truth stone? Tell me you do. You can use it on me, or a Skill. I don’t care. I’m an [Enforcement Raider]—not a [Pillager]. Not a [Ravager] or the classes you don’t want to see. You lot have been off the list of villages we regularly visit every few months for a while. We…sort of forgot you existed but someone found a map. Now we’re collecting. You’ll see us every six months. If you see someone who tries to rob you before that, it’s not us and we’ll probably have to hunt them down and make an example.”
“So…this is protection money?”
Novethur was very confused. The [Enforcement Raider] pinched at the bridge of her nose.
“No. This is a robbery. Protection implies we have to protect you, and the boss would hate that. See—there’s a fine distinction. We run off competitors who’d shake you down because we’ll lose our money if you’re having to pay off multiple groups. But we’re not protecting you from monster attacks or anything. Robbery. If you report it to the Adventurer’s Guild, please say ‘robbery’.”
Ceria Springwalker’s jaw was hanging open. This was the strangest raid she’d ever seen. Luaar himself was peeking out at the weird [Bandits], who were in their way, as disappointing as the adventurer. The bandit’s leader was arguing with Novethur and some of the other [Villagers] who had lost some of their fear due to the strange demands.
“No, shut up. This isn’t a negotiation. We kill you if you resist, got it? It’s just that we’re not stealing everything because you’d fight to the death! Dead gods, I hate doing this with new places. Hey! Where’s the coin-counter? Tell them what they owe and it’ll be simpler!”
