8.36 H
Page 50
A roar of water. Ceria Springwalker looked up as a vortex of clear water unleashed itself from out of empty space. Novethur looked up as more water than he had ever glimpsed in his life, the water siphoned from this dry land, the bounty of the Kingdom of Bandits, Savere, formed in a vast, swirling orb over the Siren’s head. Then she finally cast the spell, as the wriggling Adult Creler tried to swim out of the water prison.
“[Water Jet].”
A needle of compressed water shot out, through the tip of her wand. Siphoned out of the water source overhead. Ten thousand pounds of water, accelerated, compressed, into a beam of force.
The Tier 1 spell blasted a hole through the Creler’s internals, even the armor. It sawed through everything, even shooting out the other side of the water prison spell.
It was not a quick death. Ceria heard something screaming. The Siren never relented, never sped up. She cut the Adult Creler in half, slowly, drawing on more water, sawing through the captive, twisting shape, again and again, until it floated in pieces. Then, and only then, did she collapse the binding prison.
The woman turned away. Her accompanying force of hundreds of [Bandits] and [Raiders] stared at the bloody orange water filling the village of Nerhs. The woman snapped at the [Enforcement Raider].
“Dispose of the water. It’s contaminated. Not even worth trying to purify. Burn everything that remains until it’s ash. Bodies, even parts where they fell. If one Creler emerges here in a month, I’ll hang all of you.”
They bowed, pale-faced. Ceria looked at them. [Bandits]. Then at the woman. She felt like she should know who this was.
“Uh. Uh…”
The wet, drenched, shivering half-Elf kept repeating herself as the Siren wrinkled her nose. The other [Bandits] looked apprehensive. [Cryomancer] and an adventurer. But the Siren did not immediately vent her famous pique. She frowned at Ceria.
“You are not Illphres. But that was her spell. [Fortress of the Ice Queen], exactly like she cast it. And only she cast it that way. That ice armor was her old spell, too.”
Ceria Springwalker blinked. Illphres? She met the deep blue-green gaze, the suspicious—curious—scowl. The words left her mouth before she could think. Gone was the frozen mage. But the Siren had seen it.
Just like her master.
“Illphres? I’m her last apprentice. Who are you? Also—got a handkerchief? I have water in my nose.”
The Siren’s eyes widened. She looked at Ceria, disbelieving, and nearly raised her wand then and there. Then she remembered. She lowered the wand and told Ceria.
The half-Elf sneezed.
“Great. [Bandits].”
That was how she met her master’s old friend. Which came as a shock to Ceria. Frankly…
She hadn’t thought Illphres had any friends.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Big stuffs is happening this month. On the 24th, the Kickstarter for the physical book of The Last Tide, and digital version of both parts will be out! I shouted out a LitRPG Facebook group that reads stuff like The Wandering Inn, so check it out.
More importantly…I am sick. Not ‘lying dying as everything voids itself’ sick, but lightheaded sick. I didn’t believe it at first. Oh, I’m just blowing my nose every other minute. I’m not sick…
Right when I finish my break. I fear it’s affected the chapter. I think I can see it already has; even though I’m rested, everything feels worse.
Why must I be sick? Why? If it affects the next few chapters, I am sorry. But blame…whoever made me sick. Thanks for reading and I hope this was legible. I am going to rest and hopefully recover. Until next time.
