8.36 H
Page 11
Drakes built their famous Walled Cities when they stood in the heyday of their power. Bastions of defense and control. Literal giant vaults they could hide behind and hoard treasures in.
Humans? Humans had the archetypal castles and palaces which you saw everywhere. Gleaming façades, ballrooms, a certain predilection towards wide open spaces where someone could sit above it all on a gleaming throne.
Where Nerrhavia’s Fallen differed was in the very design and component parts of what they treasured. From afar, the palace where Queen Yisame walked looked almost…wrong.
Why did it twist so, offended, foreign [Architects] asked? Why didn’t you build a straight tower? Why did you use wood rather than stone in sections of your building, and create these aggravating complexities in every design—sometimes violating the very blueprints you set down—to accommodate for material? If a tree trunk, cut almost wholesale, skews left, then cut the damn tree and make it straight!
Of course, that just exposed their ignorance. Yes, Nerrhavia’s Fallen had curved structures. Yes, everything wasn’t straight. And that was because Stitch-Folk believed the material mattered as much as the design.
Fabric bent. You could quarry a block of stone to be a perfect geometrical cube. And if you did? Did you ignore the stronger seam, the natural strength of the rock waiting to be exposed? A tree’s natural curves were sometimes better than a plank of wood.
Thus, they contrived to build entire towers that curved in the air, just ever-so-slightly, but which viewed from afar, alarmed anyone who had never seen them, as if they might fall over. Hallways were not all straight lines. The entire effect was to create a palace that sometimes felt as alive as any [Druid]-building.
Not to mention, a certain nod to complementary materials. Some idiots chose marble and slapped it down everywhere because ‘marble was rich.’
Queen Yisame passed through one of her sitting rooms where she liked to escape the heat, and was glad her Kisquiel Silk-skin was rated against minor elements; otherwise her feet would have chilled on the Frostwood floor, which remained cool and cooled the room at all hours, even in the arid heat.
“Is there any news from Khelt? Any…other events of note?”
Yisame’s staff flurried about her as the [Queen] broke her fast and dressed, all grumpily upset. Quail eggs were the least expensive ingredient sourced for her breakfast, which, if she but clicked her fingers, could be one of a hundred different styles from around the world.
Of course, she ate in Nerrhavia’s Fallen’s own style, as her [Servants] would surely gossip and relate a change in her diet. This was not the time to be anything less than patriotic, so the date jams, customary flatbreads topped with soft goat cheeses, and the like were her fare. Not much meat in the mornings.
Yisame could have really done away with the thirty-minute breakfast, or if she did take her time, fewer [Servants] about. Mainly because they were not her bosom friends, stitched of the same cloth, childhood confidants, but spies and informants who played their own games in the palace. So she ate like a [Queen] as a [Servant] fussed about.
“This poor [Servant] has not heard of any important events of note, your Majesty. However, we are but the humblest of your attendants. Perhaps the royal courts know far more than we?”
