8.36 H
Page 37
Someone scurried out of the ranks of [Bandits] with distinctly less of a dangerous look. A woman complained as she carried an abacus.
“I’m not part of this! They make me do this! I am so sorry—”
The [Enforcement Raider] aimed a kick at the woman.
“Shut up. See this? This is our [Corrupted Accountant]. She’ll calculate how much you can afford to give.”
“I’m not corrupt! I’m doing this under duress!”
“It’s just a word. And it is your class. Shut up. I have a headache and we have to go to two more villages after this! Twenty miles away by nightfall and then all the way back for a handful of gold…”
The woman with the abacus was using Skills and peering around the village. Novethur, who had been looking back at Ceria in hiding, and at the [Bandits], started. He stared at the [Enforcement Raider].
“You—you came from the south? Not the north?”
The leader was yawning and checking the [Accountant]’s figures and grimacing. She glanced up as she leaned on the other woman.
“No, no. I know you pulled their baseline income for this year, and that’s not worth the ride out here. I can smell they’ve got actual gold, somehow. Try their income for this month. See? Much higher. Why is that? Figure out what’s different because if we miss out on actual gold—what was that?”
She turned from the discussion of pillaging economics with her underling and frowned at Novethur. He licked his lips.
“You didn’t raid the villages to the north? Two are…the two you’re visiting. Merral-Devith and…?”
“I have no idea. Hey, what’s the name of the village we’re hitting next?”
The [Enforcement Raider] shouted back at her group and turned to face Novethur, suddenly alert.
“What’s wrong with those villages? Someone else hit them?”
He pressed his lips together. The [Enforcement Raider] took a step forwards—reconsidered as the villagers lifted their weapons—and went back to the [Accountant].
“See here. If there’s something to the north we don’t want to run into, tell us now and we’ll give you a discount on the first robbery. What is it? Monsters? Other [Bandits]?”
Novethur was glancing at the other [Villagers]. He was listening to the numbers the [Accountant] was muttering and they were not pleasant ones to imagine paying. On the other hand, she wasn’t aware of the half-Elf hiding in his home. Ceria could gift them enough gold to more than make up for this extortion. So Novethur lowered his spear, signalling for the others to do the same. He made up his mind. Fighting was a last resort, and if they were from where he thought, and if their ‘boss’ was truly…
“We don’t know what came from the north. Two villages have gone silent. We thought it was other [Bandits].”
“Not in our territory. Damn.”
The [Enforcement Raider] cursed. She looked north, and the [Bandits] groaned.
“Boss! Don’t tell me we’re checking it out?”
“That’s our job. Alright. Draw lots for scouting. Hey, idiot, got the sum for us to grab yet? I want a camp set up and scouts—we’re not going into those villages blind. Give them a ten gold discount for the info. Let’s just rob these people, get moving and—”
“No one is robbing anyone.”
A voice rang out from the village. Novethur closed his eyes. Ceria Springwalker started. She looked up from her crouched position. Then she swore.
“Luaar, no—”
The boy was standing outside the hut, furious, holding his knife. He waved it at the [Bandits].
“You can’t steal our gold! You’re—you’re not stealing anything! We have a protector!”
“Luaar, get inside!”
Novethur shouted. His hand tightened on his spear, but the [Enforcement Raider]’s hand was already in the air.
