8.36 H
Page 13
Three of her great [Generals] vied to talk to her about Khelt, each one with an army under the crown’s authority…but who were quite, quite loyal to the [Generals] above said crown. She treated with the [Chancellor of Coin], whose power over the mint and a vast amount of wealth meant that he could lean on any [Merchant] in Nerrhavia, and had an army of his own guards of the treasury. Her [Royal Magician] was a powerful woman who had survived…had it been over a hundred assassination attempts? Yes, they’d thrown her a party.
The power behind the throne. In a way, Nerrhavia’s Fallen was more typical of a monarchy than many nations popping up in the news. Of course, there were absolute tyrannies like Khelt in its way, or places where the [King] was undisputed, like Reim. However, in practice, many rulers had to treat with powerful underlings with some degree of care. Even a mighty [Queen] could suffer a rebellion of the nobility.
Nerrhavia’s Fallen? Well. Sometimes the crown was mighty, sometimes it walked with care. Yisame was on the lower end of average when it came to the crown’s power. That was to say, she was a principal player in any power move, and she was [Queen], not puppet on the throne. But she did listen when her advisors spoke.
Such as Khelt, or the war in Tiqr, or…well, every event you could name, really. Yisame had gone to the meeting at Pomle knowing her court’s stance on the war—knowing Tiqr would likely be the target everyone aimed at. She had tried to stop the idiotic Terandrians on the advice of her [Diplomats] and [Generals], both groups united in their fear of Khelt.
Her inner circle of the powerful ‘helped’ her decide what to do. Yisame threw her weight behind those she found more trustworthy, actions that might enrich her own position. And when the nation trembled, or made a mistake, when Alked Fellbow resigned or Djinni attacked a sovereign [King]?
She took that fall.
 
—-
 
The Level 22 [Queen] was in her mid-forties. Her levels in her ruling class belied her ability to navigate the day’s treachery. She felt every eye on her, and so relaxed, despite the two terrible indictments to her rule. Her dress of Shockwool made the air around her hum, a reminder to anyone who stood close.
There is still power here. Obvious as Stitch-metaphors went, but sometimes you needed to be obvious.
“…And we expect to cut off the Lord of the Skies from Reim shortly. Hellios has yet to burn with full rebellion, but many cities have taken up arms. We intend to strike at the King of Destruction as he lies wounded.”
One of her [Generals], Thelican, spoke for a smiling circle of his peers. Yisame smiled.
“This pleases us. We await the head of the King of Destruction, General Thelican. Your name shall be writ large in the history books ere he falls.”
Thelican beamed—then his eyes flickered. Yisame smiled graciously as he bowed, a touch uneasily.
A lot could go on in a few words. She did not say ‘you promised Hellios would instantly rebel’, rather than the lackluster revolts she had seen so far. Yisame let Thelican take credit for the war plan—by mentioning his name, and potential for glory, she implicated him in the fall.
Of course, if all of Nerrhavia’s Fallen’s glorious hordes failed to defeat the King of Destruction, she, Yisame, would be in greater danger still. The [Queen]’s stomach hurt.
“Your Majesty, I have uncovered three plots against your life.”
Three. Her [Spymaster] was good. Perhaps they were just symbolic plots…but everyone was whispering. Yisame could hear it, now and then.
“The Djinni…”
“…on the news…”
