8.36 H
Page 17
Her [Spymaster] knew that the sex dungeon wasn’t actually used. Yisame suspected he was aware of the room of drugs and other illicit pleasures. If he had ever made it to the third chamber, well…he’d left it there. After all, one look at the glittering chess board, pieces carved out of gemstones, and the magical, glowing surface, revealed Yisame’s true passion.
Chess! And if that didn’t fool her people, then the skein of magical yarn and knitting needles would. The half-completed Paterskein design spoke to something they would believe—that Yisame liked to knit! A scandalous, but completely understandable pastime for a [Queen]. Despite being above it all, she was still thread like they were.
She had a subscription to Chess Weekly that was covertly delivered to her rooms, and she sometimes dropped subtle hints about fabric. All this for secrecy. All this so they wouldn’t know her true passion. Yisame tip-toed around the gemstone chess board. She had custom-bought a nasty trap spell and set it up at the entrance; her [Spymaster] probably looked at the trap, the chessboard, assumed she was the Titan’s opponent or styled herself as such, and let her be. Same with her servants who might uncover this place, if any.
The truth was…Yisame was not good at chess. She was not about to indulge in a life of sweaty, flailing limbs. She had a drug of her own, but it wasn’t Selphid’s Dust. But it was potent.
Her hands trembled as if she was still addicted to Fabledust. Yisame glanced over her shoulder, then, at last, pushed past the simple curtain she’d hung up to hide the final, and true room she liked to visit. She spread her arms and sighed.
The room was a humble one compared to many of her residences; still larger than most middle-class families’ homes. Hollowed out of the palace, the walls were a mis-match of many different building materials. Into the room sparse furniture had been interjected; a desk and chair. And…a cushioned, stuffed orb of jaguar fur that Yisame could sink into, the better to indulge her passions. It was comfy, and sat only a few feet in front of the door.
Beyond it lay what she had come for. Her great secret. The room was filled, not with furniture, but with shelves.
Shelves and shelves of…books.
Queen Yisame, the Level 22 [Queen] and Level 27 [Avid Reader], clapped her hands together and sighed. She could feel the stress oozing out of her. She wandered her private library of books, mostly fiction, or historical adventure stories, and smiled.
 
—-
 
Books. Books, books, books. They were food for the soul. One of the few things a monarch with unlimited power might indulge in, really.
Another answer once you got over the stereotypes of sex, drugs, war, and so on, might be ‘pets’. Yisame had considered it, but they just weren’t as fascinating to her as they were to some of her peers.
And some of them, like Sariant Lambs, she just would not tolerate. She hated the manipulative little things. They were a match for her royal court.
Books? Books were something Yisame could buy, but not replicate in any way but to read them. They were stories, and such stories that she could envision herself doing.
Climbing the High Passes, waging glorious battle with boon companions, sailing through stormy seas as Krakens tried to consume ship and crew alike!
She just loved to read. And it was reading which kept her sane. For instance, as she had sat on the Seat of Words, holding court, Yisame’s smile and patient observation of her court had hidden what was really going on in her head.
 
