8.36 H
Page 0

(The Facebook Gamelit Society reads and reviews stories like The Wandering Inn! Give them a look here and check out the group!)
(The Kickstarter for The Last Tide will be on the 24th of August! You can bookmark the page here!)
 

 
When all was said and done, she was there.
When the [Wyrmpact King] excused himself from the throne room to find out what had happened, he saw her standing there, facing the Duke.
When the [Royal Bodyguards], [Generals], [Strategists], and [Knights] dared follow their [King], after the King’s brother had cracked a man’s skull in his fit of rage, they saw the consequences standing there. A Courier in chains.
When the little boy opened his eyes, he saw Ryoka Griffin standing over him, facing the Duke. A sneering man with cold eyes whose pointed finger was blocked by her outstretched arms.
“No. Harm him, and I will call the wrath of hospitality down on you. I will invoke the wrath of the fae. To kill him, you have to kill me. And you can’t.”
“How dare you assume you could threaten me.”
The glowing chains wrapped around her and one began to strangle her. The [King] and his court halted, some calling out. Nevertheless, she met his eyes. The Wind Runner grinned, and for the first time, the ruler of Ailendamus saw Rhisveri, the Wyrm, hesitate. Her voice rasped, choking, but it seemed the wind whispered with her.
“You…need to know what I know. My message. Are you going to…kill me? And steal my treasures?”
The Duke’s eyes narrowed. He raised a hand and sent her flying. But he did not kill her. He whirled away.
“Enough. Guards! Arrest this thief, who dared to try to steal from Ailendamus’ sacred treasury. No [Torturers]. Imprison that…boy…as well.”
“Uncle. Who is…?”
Itorin saw the dizzy little boy raise his head. He had not been told a child would be kidnapped. His stomach began to twist in a familiar fashion, but he pretended he knew what was happening.
Rhisveri was visibly angry, upset…and for some reason, embarrassed? His eyes flicked to Sammial without immediate comprehension.
“An unintended passenger. We have lost one of your Great Knights…your Majesty.”
“How? Dame—?”
“The Death of Magic. And the damned Death of Chains. I must look into this. We may be in danger of teleportation strikes. And the damned Order of Seasons is on the march!”
“My head hurts.”
Sammial audibly whispered. Neither man glanced at him. Sammial saw Ryoka lying there, staring up at the [Knights] who were glancing at their superiors for instructions. An apprehensive [General] had taken one look at Sammial’s face and turned pale.
That was Ailendamus’ capital. The Duke Rhisveri swept off with his brother, as arrogant as any [King]. The eccentric, difficult genius, who had added to Ailendamus’ problems.
The war was not one of those problems, incidentally. The Dawn Concordat had lost the border forts or would lose them within the day. More armies were pushing into their lands, trading at acceptable losses if they were forced back.
As for Pheislant? The Order of Seasons’ own crusade, apart from the Chandrar debacle? The Duke had given one order, quickly ratified by two [Generals] and the royal seal itself.
“Send the Order of the Hydra. Send two legions.”
 
—-
 
The Order of Seasons had triumphed in three pitched battles over the last week and a half. First at the pass where they routed the army marching to flank the Dawn Concordat—later in smaller engagements.
