8.36 H
Page 8
“None other, Summer’s Champion. Unless you think there’s two of her?”
Dame Voost remarked drily. She eyed the [Knight] who stood out from the rest with unease. The [Soldiers] of Ailendamus were cheering her, and her fellow [Knights].
Pheislant’s [Soldiers]? They gaped in much the way Rabbiteater did. Someone cried out, with a shaking voice.
“The Great Knight of Ailendamus! The Dame of the Hills! Dame Merila, the Hill-Knight!”
Rabbiteater looked at her. Merila, the Great Knight of Ailendamus. Then…his head tilted back.
Fun fact: commonfolk included half-Giants, incidentally. Not a royal bone in their body. And here came the first half-Giant [Knight] he had ever seen. Playing the very song-crystal she had once been given by Cara O’Sullivan.
Merila, the Hill-Knight. She wasn’t as tall as some of her kin. She wasn’t Zamea the [Shepherd], thirty plus feet tall. Merila was ‘only’ twenty eight feet tall.
And covered in armor. And holding a sword on her back only a nation like Ailendamus could afford to make. And laughing.
“Come on, sisters and brothers! For Ailendamus! For the glory of Terandria and the Order of the Hydra! Let’s get them.”
Her voice boomed across the ground. She pointed ahead.
“Summer’s Champion! I challenge you to single combat! Let’s fight fair, eh?”
She smiled and threw back her head to laugh, a huge, full-belly laugh that made Rabbiteater think of home.
The Knight of the Hills laughed like someone who could do anything.
“We will have to circle and strike them. If they bog us down, we will never endure. Burn the air until they retreat.”
The Summer’s Champion calmly dispersed his forces, meeting the half-Giant’s gaze. He saluted her, then looked around. He rode through the ranks of the [Knights], and found a shoulder to clasp.
Rabbiteater started and looked into Greysten’s gaze. The Summer’s Champion smiled.
“Still with us, Ser Solstice?”
He did not intimate that Rabbiteater would run. But there would be no reproach if the foreign [Knight] decided he’d had enough. Yet Rabbiteater just shook his head.
“I don’t ever abandon my friends. I don’t have enough to lose more.”
Greysten smiled wider. He squeezed, and raised his voice for all to hear. He gestured at the Order of the Hydra.
“That is right! We must quash Ailendamus’ ambitions. This is but the first sign they will not rest until they occupy every nation on Terandria. The odds may be taller against us. So? The taller fall harder.”
He glanced back at the Dame of the Hills. The Order of Seasons cheered. Rabbiteater did not. He glanced at the Order of the Hydra.
“They believe in their kingdom as much as you do in your thing. [Knight] vs [Knight]. Same morale. Same will. Big, hard fight.”
“You think the Order of Seasons will lose, Ser Solstice?”
Dame Talia snapped. Rabbiteater’s head turned slowly. He replied, calmly. Calmly, but with the same heat that Greysten had claimed for his Season.
“I don’t underestimate my foes. I lost my people and my family, once. Never again. So let’s fight.”
He met Talia’s gaze until she looked away. Then looked at Markus, Meisa, Greysten, Zulv, Voost…the Summer’s Champion nodded.
“Then ride with me, my brother.”
The Order of Seasons raised their lances. Then prepared to charge the Order of the Hydra.
 
—-
 
Of late, it seemed like a lot was going wrong. Oh, there were some good victories, but they were invariably tainted by things that you couldn’t write any other way but ‘disaster’.
