8.36 H
Page 48
Yes, come closer. Her skeletal hand rose, slowly. A scything maw was opening and closing. A mind beat at hers, but it froze from sheer contact. Was this what her master saw? The truth, waiting for her? She wasn’t even close, but she saw it.
It was…cold. So cold she had stopped shivering. So cold it was beginning to feel warm. For her. She had thought she would never feel cold again. Now she knew.
I will lead us into the frozen land, together. What lies there?
Something was afraid. Something saw her skeletal hand. Her smile.
Look at what I gave up last time.
To kill you, I will do whatever it takes. My arrogant friend is clever enough to best you. My young protégé is brave enough to risk everything for victory for us. My brave sister will take you to the grave no matter the cost to herself.
I? I am willing to see the cost clearly and pay it, time and time again.
It was clawing closer. A few feet left. She could feel the vibrations. Hear the malicious thoughts. Alas, something thought.
Not cold enough. Not yet, to kill with temperature alone. Not without water. A bit longer. A bit colder…
Her hand slowly rose. With glacial speed. With inevitability. The circlet flashed.
“Let’s find out, together.”
The monster was coming. If it could have run, if there were any other way but her death, it would have. Because it was afraid.
 
—-
 
What did you see? How did you see them?
The boy saw the horrors of hell stop moving. He heard cheers, gasps, and saw the last great monster coming. Clawing over his head through the transparent ice soaked with gore.
He had no eyes for it. Only her. He had thought she was such a letdown at first. Even until the last hour, he had been disappointed. Now he saw Ceria Springwalker, the adventurer he had longed to see in her full might and glory, standing, facing the slowing Adult Creler, whose limbs were lined with frost, shrieking at her.
In that moment, he no longer wanted to be an adventurer. He saw Ceria smiling widely, and saw the empty oblivion in her eyes. Just how far she was willing to go to rid the world of that…that thing.
Luaar understood something then. A critical thing he hadn’t understood.
She was no hero. This was no glorious hour. It was a bitter battle to be won at any cost.
She was an adventurer.
What did you see when you saw that? A village frozen in silence. An entire nest of Crelers, frozen, pulped by walls of ice. Destroyed by a single [Mage] in a land completely against her magic. In a battle nearly an hour long, she stood in the center of a fortress that refused to break.
[Ice Mage]. [Cryomancer].
Someone slowed. A group of riders pointed, readying themselves. But the first among them, their leader, stopped. Her eyes were only on the obscured figure amid that familiar…familiar spell. Yet it was impossible. Wasn’t it?
“It can’t be. Illphres?”
 
—-
 
Nearly. She nearly won. But the first claw broke through the ice.
“Alas.”
Ceria sighed. The circlet gleamed as she lowered it onto her head. She felt it touch the very top of her hair, and then a voice whispered in her ears.
“Freeze it. Incoming.”
Her head turned, slowly, slowly. With the weight of that cold world she invoked. What? Who was speaking? What was falling in a huge orb, nigh as vast as Nerhs itself? Was that—
Water.
The bomb of water engulfed everything in a sudden, aquatic world. The explosion of the orb of water landing on the village obliterated almost everything in a titanic burst of sound.
