8.36 H
Page 10
Yisame replaced her stomach before something happened. You could live a while without a stomach—a long time, actually. But the problem with a missing organ was that your body began to feel its absence. Unlike Dullahans and whatever spatial-bending powers they had where they could detach limbs, Stitch-People’s organs just…went missing.
If Yisame had broken her fast, it might have come out into her inner abdomen. What a mess. Of course, she could have replaced almost every organ with ease—except her heart, a dangerous operation—but they would each have to be individually cleaned, and carefully replaced so their absence didn’t harm her.
At any rate, Yisame felt better when her new stomach was installed. She glowered at her old one.
“I have an ulcer. Have it mended and reinforced.”
“Yes, your Majesty!”
The servant took the piece of cloth sewn to look identical to a stomach away, to be ‘healed’ by a [Chiurgeon of Cloth]—or just a [Seamstress]. Of course, it was easy to repair internal organs with thread, rather than potions, but the tradeoff was that a poorly-stitched stomach lining could burst. A poorly shaped one, or one made of inferior materials had different qualities; poorer digestion, or just different capabilities.
“I have heard that Hemps can consume even tree bark. Is that so? I shall breakfast now.”
Yisame stretched, as one of her handmaidens stitched her stomach closed with deft movements. Another discreetly signalled the rest of her royal staff to heat and have the sumptuous breakfast out and ready by the time she exited her bedroom.
“I have heard it said they can even eat rocks, your Majesty. Such…crude cloth.”
One of the [Servants] murmured. Servant she was, but the Nerrhavia’s Fallen Stitch-girl was still made of silk, the costliest and highest-caste of Stitch-Folk.
Three castes. Hemp, Cotton, and Silk. Of course, you could be made from any cloth, but they were in three categories. Hemp were laborers, common soldiers. Cotton were everything from merchants to artisans to whatever they wanted to be. Silk?
Silk ruled in grace and style. Silk was beautiful, strong. Simply superior. And Queen Yisame ruled over Nerrhavia’s Fallen, one of, nay, the greatest Stitch-Folk Kingdom in the world.
…She was having a bad day. A bad week.
Her stomach began hurting again before breakfast was even over.
 
—-
 
Oh, see the exalted courts of Nerrhavia’s Fallen, built in glory on the backbone of tyrants.
Literally, if the rumors were to be believed. Nerrhavia, that old tyrant who had ruled the lands now taking her name, had gone to her grave when all was lost, depriving her enemies of the ability to hold her to account in life or death for her actions. Her tomb had thusly been buried beneath the capital’s sewers and other infrastructure. A fitting end.
What had emerged from that time was a kingdom of Stitch-Folk like no other. Which is what they all said, but Nerrhavia’s Fallen meant it this time. It was rich beyond belief, fed by countless territories, protected by armies with hundreds of thousands of [Soldiers], and was tributed more wealth still.
Like any good nation, the capital was thusly the crown jewel of said wealth. That was not what made Nerrhavia’s Fallen unique, however. What made it unique was the people that had risen to this height of power.
Stitch-Folk were not Human. The String People were shaped like Humans, but that was ‘humanoid’, and the half-Elves said that Humans had copied Elves anyways. Dullahans, Centaurs…it was a common look. Yet it came out culturally a lot different.
