8.36 H
Page 6
Dame Meisa leaned in to whisper. Rabbiteater stared at her.
“Okay.”
“They…have a reputation among some Orders. Not that we have any stated objection, but the issue is somewhat contentious, Ser Solstice.”
Markus put in. Rabbiteater nodded.
“Okay.”
“It’s why some of the other [Knights] might prefer to clash with…another Order, Rabbit.”
Meisa leaned in so close their visors nearly touched. She whispered so only he could hear, and he caught a whiff of sweat and metal. The Hobgoblin…nodded.
“Okay.”
He was getting tired of the explanations. Can we have sex now? After? He didn’t really care. Rabbiteater straightened, just in time to realize…he should care.
The Order of Seasons and Pheislant’s army had halted. Ser Greysten had stood up in his saddle. Now he was standing on top of it, heedless of the danger to himself.
“What the…”
He fell off the horse as the war stallion decided he’d had enough and kicked the Summer’s Champion off. The fiery horse didn’t hurt Greysten, but the Summer’s Champion was clearly rattled by something.
Rabbiteater began to stand on his own saddle like the other [Knights]. Then he decided that was stupid.
“Markus. Give me ride.”
“What? Wh—”
Rabbiteater stood on Ser Markus’ shoulders, which was far better than a temperamental horse. He put a hand over his visor. At the same time, Talia, who’d elected to use her stirrups, swore.
“That can’t be right.”
 
—-
 
“Send two legions of the Order of the Hydra.”
 
As defined in the Wordsmith Dictionaries, written by Krsysl Wordsmith for the modern era, a legion was a body of soldiers employed in an army under older military systems, occasionally used in the current day. Each legion was known to be comprised of between 4,000 and 6,000 soldiers unless marked as significant, such as the Necromantic Legions, which were apparently 20,000 strong, despite the numerical inaccuracies of the term.
So they came. Behind them was an army of [Archers], the Greatbow operators, a conventional force of pikes and a bare handful of riders—the main vanguard of this force drawn to defeat the Order of Seasons had been dispatched. The regular [Soldiers] were just supplementary forces, though they were still the largest body on the field.
Yet the [Knights]? To repel the thousand plus [Knights] of the Order of Seasons, Ailendamus had sent their most populous Knight-Order. The most numerous group of [Knights] in the entire world.
The Order of the Hydra.
They were running down the road like a living, laughing stream of light, mulberry-colored metal. Men and women of many species, mainly Human, but anyone who showed the valor and will of their class.
Running. On foot. They laughed and cheered, and they were on foot. Not a horse in sight.
“They can’t even afford horses.”
One of the Summer Knights scoffed. Dame Voost slapped the helmet without even looking around.
“Shut up. How many?”
“One…two…eight…thousand…”
Greysten was counting. The Summer’s Champion hadn’t lost his smile, but it had turned from a grin into bared teeth. Yep. Rabbiteater spat his water out onto Ser Markus and Meisa.
Ten thousand [Knights] were running down the road ahead of an army. And they were laughing. Slapping each other’s shoulders, cheering. Singing Ailendamus’ national anthem.
“Let the lance-arrows fall from Ailendamus’ walls and guard the Kingdom of Glass and Glory!”
Their massed voices echoed down the straight trade-road. They were headed straight at the Order of Seasons, not digging in, not taking a formation like the other forces. This group had come for a battle.
