8.36 H
Page 38
“No one make a stupid move. There’s always the snotty brat. We’re not going to kill him, so weapons down!”
She barked it at Nerhs’ villagers. The [Bandits] hadn’t even moved. Novethur breathed as his head swung back to the [Bandits]. But Luaar was furious. He just saw the [Bandits]. He pointed at the hut where Ceria was hiding.
“We have a protector! Don’t you dare threaten us or a Gold-rank adventurer will kill you all! She’s a powerful ice mage and—ulp—”
That last sound was because someone had tossed a cup at him from inside the hut and smacked the back of Luaar’s head. The boy staggered, whirled around, and looked shocked. No one emerged from the hut, but the reaction on the [Bandits]’ side was dramatic.
The [Enforcement Raider]’s eyes had opened wide at the words ‘Gold-rank adventurer’. By the time Ceria threw the cup, she was halfway back to her group.
“Ambush? It’s a damned adventurer—”
“Hold on! Hold on, it could be a bluff! Scatter! You heard him!”
“[Cryomancer]? Here?”
By the time Ceria emerged, cursing, the [Bandits] had spread out even further, flanking the village around the hills. The [Enforcement Raider] took one look at Ceria and bellowed.
“Back it up! It’s a Goldie!”
The [Bandits] instantly retreated another fifty feet. Ceria groaned. They could tell she was Gold-rank—probably some kind of threat-based Skill. And they weren’t running, which meant they’d fought Gold-ranks before.
She strode towards the gates of the village, but Luaar, dragged inside by one of the [Villagers], did not see what he had been expecting. In his head, the half-Elf faced down the [Bandits], hair blowing in the breeze, wand in her skeletal hand glowing with magic as they fled—or fought and then fled.
In reality? Ceria Springwalker poked her head around the gate, keeping her entire body behind the dirt walls.
“Hey! I’m a Gold-rank adventurer! That’s right! Get lost! Neither of us wants to fight, right?”
The [Enforcement Raider] stared at Ceria’s head as it ducked back. She bellowed back.
“How many of you are there? Were you hired to go after us?”
“That’s a secret! Attack and you’ll find out!”
“The boy said just one. Sounds like a solo adventurer, boss. [Cryomancer] in this dry weather? Good as dead. We don’t even need to call in reinforcements.”
A [Bandit Markswoman] opined. The [Enforcement Raider] nodded.
“You’re alone, Goldie! You heard us! We’re not here to kill anyone! Just let us take our money and go! Don’t make this hard!”
“This village is under my protection!”
A fist was extended and shaken in the air a few times.
“For how long?”
“…What?”
The [Enforcement Raider] took a swig of water to bellow again.
“How long? You run us off and we’ll come back and take vengeance! You kill us and two hundred will be back! Just drop it! It’s too hot to fight!”
She waited as the half-Elf thought about it.
“…How about you skip this village once? Then you can come back in uh, six—four months!”
“Oh, come on.”
The [Enforcement Raider] grumbled. There was a cry of consternation from inside the village. The bandits looked at each other.
“Sort of tempting, boss.”
“If she’s going to wipe us out…you can’t trust adventurers. They’re crazy.”
Their leader rolled her eyes. No one wanted a fight, she was sure. That Gold-rank had been hiding until that brat outed her. She snapped at her companions.
“Our boss will kill us all if we do that. No deal, Goldie! Just let us collect…fourteen gold coins? Hey, that’s not bad. Fourteen gold coins! You can probably pay that yourself!”
It was a reasonable request. There was a pause, then—
