8.36 H
Page 42
The [Village Head] stared at her in disbelief. But Ceria was counting. The Crelers that had emerged from the Bloodfields had been thousands strong. This was less than three hundred, all told.
“They’ll slaughter us all!”
“Yes.”
That part was true. But Ceria was still watching the Adult Creler. She had it.
“It’s…smaller. A lot smaller. And it’s not spitting anything. I should be dead already.”
Novethur didn’t understand. He looked at the gigantic Adult Creler, larger than any hut. But not nearly as vast as the other one. Its maw opened and closed, but no projectile emerged with the force of an enchanted ballista’s shot.
It wasn’t fully grown. Maybe it was too young. Maybe…there wasn’t enough to eat. The Bloodfields were lush, a veritable feast compared to Chandrar.
It didn’t really matter. It was still an army of Crelers. Far too many to survive. The [Bandits] had known they were dead if caught. Nerhs?
Nerhs was doomed. Novethur slowed. He saw how fast the Crelers were moving. Not at a horse’s gallop, but they would keep going even as horses tired. Without one, and maybe a Skill or potion, they would catch you. And Nerhs had no horses.
“My son. Luaar? Luaar!”
The father looked around. His boy. If it was the end…he stumbled forwards, shouting.
Ceria Springwalker stood at the gates. The voice pressed at her head again, shouting the same word.
Murderer.
“What a funny word. Me?”
A Creler was talking to her. And it said…not ‘killer’. Not ‘enemy’. Murderer. As if she had done something wrong.
It was so funny she started laughing again. The Crelers were beginning to shriek. An alien sound that overrode the screams of Nerhs’ villagers. Ceria looked around.
We’re all in so much trouble.
The dirt walls of the village, the hill? This was not The Wandering Inn. The walls could keep out lesser monsters, the Humans with bows and spears could fight off even an angry beast. Not Crelers. They’d swarm over the walls, insanely hard to kill, and tear apart anything not in full plate armor. The Juvenile Crelers and Adult would tear apart even Gold-rank defenses.
In their way stood only Ceria. Ceria Springwalker. She walked back through the village, seeing people running out the far gate.
“No. You’ll die out there.”
She muttered. It was true. They would never survive on the run. That Adult Creler was too fast. If they had to fight…
“[Ice Wall].”
Nothing happened. Ceria stared at her wand. No…water. But it had worked on the Adult Creler before. She looked around.
“Water.”
 
—-
 
“Stick together! With me! With me! Go to the adventurer! Don’t run, they’ll catch us in the open! We have to hold them back!”
Novethur was screaming, holding Luaar. He saw half of Nerhs in a blind panic. It was not their fault. This? This was death. Yet his words were the only thing to cling to instead of despair.
The Gold-rank adventurer. She was alone. She was in the wrong climate for her magic. But if there was anything to hope for…
Luaar knew they were dead. He felt his father carrying him, like he was a little boy. Novethur was rallying most of the village behind him, running, spear clutched in his other hand. As if it would stop them. Luaar knew the stories. Crelers were death. Why had they come here? It was not supposed to be this way.
And Ceria was not going to stop them. Not her. Not…the half-Elf who ate Yellats. Luaar was afraid to look over the huts and walls of Nerhs, to see that roiling tide of limbs coming their way. If he didn’t look, maybe they’d live. Maybe it would be a dream.
“Ceria! Ceria Springwalker! Where are you?”
