8.37 H
Page 14
“That is most refreshing. Honesty in governance.”
Ksmvr nodded. He was glad of that. Losing all that gear would be disastrous enough without gold reimbursement. He had already been gifted steel weapons from Illivere’s armory by Armsmaster Dellic as short-term stopgaps, but Ksmvr wanted enchanted weapons if they could be procured.
The Empress of Beasts was superior to me in many ways. Lacking her strength or higher-level Skills, I should buy better bows or have the crossbows enchanted. Enchanted ammunition?
Right now, Ksmvr’s best Skill was [Aggregate Volley]—the weapon art that let him fire ten crossbows at once, and his bow—nine now, since one crossbow was broken.
He also had [Knuckles of Iron] if he lost his weapons, and [Surpass Limits], a Skill from his new [Brave Skirmisher] class. Ksmvr did consider it an upgrade.
Barely. [Brave Skirmisher] was…not [Silversteel Armsmistress]. It was not [Arctic Cryomancer]. It was not a powerful class advancement and Ksmvr knew it.
It fit his talents. So he desperately needed equipment to make up for his lacking strength, especially since he needed to rescue his team. They were out there and he was wasting time.
He only realized the [Receptionist] was taking the broken items one by one when she reached for the Flamecoat Dagger. Ksmvr picked it up.
“What are you doing? I would like to retain my items, please.”
“Oh. But we—we need our [Enchanters] to appraise them. Not that we don’t trust your word, Gold-rank Adventurer Ksmvr! But to fully assess…they’ll just disenchant the items, pick them apart. We have all the details logged and Magus-Crafter Femithain told us to estimate high!”
It was reasonable. However, Ksmvr held onto the Flamecoat Dagger.
“I would like to keep this. This is a weapon from the Dungeon of Albez. My team awarded it to me. I…broke it.”
The [Receptionist] was growing flustered.
“But we—I could just write down the details, but we’d have to go on standard enchantments, Adventurer Ksmvr. If we could disenchant it…”
“To my knowledge, that would also destroy the item in many cases, would it not?”
“Yes…”
Ksmvr hesitated. He closed his hand around the dagger and stepped back from the counter, slipping it into his waistband.
“I would like to keep this item. Standard enchantment payout will be acceptable.”
“Of course, sir. If I can have you sign?”
He did. Then stepped back from the counter, departed, conscious of the stares from low-level adventurers. Ksmvr felt…foolish.
Why had he done that? He had turned down gold to hold onto a worthless piece of equipment. But…it was his team’s. They had given it to him, and the Forceshield that still hung by his side. Ksmvr doubted even Hedault could have fixed it without simply re-enchanting it; that was not how enchantments worked. But he couldn’t give it up, gold or not.
The people spectating him watched the Antinium smoothly walk from the Adventurer’s Guild and greet someone who wanted to talk to him. Ksmvr spoke to a curious citizen of Illivere, voice reasonable, calm, logical. He refuted guilt in destroying Golems. It was self-defense.
He was so implacable that the angry man calmed down and eventually, gingerly, shook his hand. The fascination the people had with this strange mechanical person was at odds with Ksmvr holding onto the dagger. He acted one way because it benefited him.
But they only saw that. They did not know him at all.
 
——
 
“You are a good doggy. Yes. Your tail wagging means you are happy. Are there many dogs like this, Empress Nsiia?”
