8.37 H
Page 6
“I have an idea to make them see I can be a benefit. Pomle wants hard? We can give them hard. I’ve been speaking to Iratze and his group. Very interesting Humans, and I don’t mean as a species. You should talk to them too. They have a secret but I’ve been too busy to ferret it out.”
“They use a strange martial art. Elegant. Not adapted for Skills at all, though. What is…this, Salii?”
She rolled her eyes and smirked at him as Orjin stared at the illustration and her tidy notes.
“Did you really think I didn’t know Salthorn was coming back to shout at me?”
Orjin’s head snapped up. He met her dancing gaze.
“You were waiting for them to complain.”
“Cause and effect is sometimes better than preemptive efforts. Rather, in some situations it is better to build trust by proving you can back up your claims. In other cases? Stop a fire before it starts. But I was also saving up gold.”
The [Secretary] wagged a claw at Orjin. He sat back.
“Hm. I like this one.”
Salii eyed her illustration and rolled her eyes.
“…Of course you do. We can do them all.”
“This is your plan for a new Pomle? Why, Salii?”
The [Secretary] pursed her lips.
“Didn’t you hear? So I can level. Because I think [Martial Artists] of an even higher level are fascinating. The other nations are already scared of you. Imagine if the average level around here rose by 10? By even 5? I spent four years here, Orjin, proving I could survive so the [Martial Artists] respected me. Learning how Pomle worked. Figuring out how to do double-entry bookkeeping for an entire nation on half a sheet of parchment!”
“Because you love Pomle so much?”
Salii laughed. Orjin himself chuckled; even he, a lifelong inhabitant of Pomle, would never claim it was anything but rugged.
The Drake caught her breath.
“I really meant it, Orjin. I have to do it here. Here or something almost as challenging or I’ll never level up again. [Hour of the Secretary]. Have you ever heard of it?”
Orjin’s ears perked up. He had little interest in the many things Salii did, but a Skill? He shook his head. She elaborated as she found some tea and poured him a cup.
“It’s a famous Skill among my class. A Level 50 capstone Skill. I’ve heard you can get it as low as Level 40, and there are numerous applications. I know someone who can use eighteen minutes of it. Free time, to organize, plan, even on a battlefield.”
“A powerful Skill.”
Orjin didn’t whistle or sound amazed. He had known more impressive, but neither did he take it anything less than seriously. He just imagined how it would work, the ramifications in a battle. Even he could use it well if he observed a foe…
Salii’s next words made him nearly crack the delicate little cup.
“My Level 50 Skill was different.”
The ‘Strongest’ of Pomle glanced up. Salii had her back to him. She glanced over her shoulder.
“Throw the cup at me?”
Orjin did. Gently; he was fairly sure he could hit Salii, whatever she wanted to show off or not. The [Secretary] spun, and her clipboard hit the cup. It bounced back at Orjin, nearly twice as fast.
He actually caught most of the tea back with it. It was the same trick she’d done when he’d fought the Shame of the Wind or whatever that fool had been. He’d thought it had been a fairly good defensive skill for a [Secretary], but now he realized it had a bit more power than he’d thought.
“[Spiritguard Deflection]. I could probably block one of Chein’s punches. Just one, mind you. But it recharges pretty fast and it works with my clipboard.”
Orjin was impressed. Also—very confused.
“That is an…exceptionally poor Level 50 Skill. Even for a [Secretary].”
