8.37 H
Page 9
Then the first aspiring [Martial Artist], an aristocratic Stitch-man—Stitch-boy, almost—from Nerrhavia’s Fallen moved into one of the new homes. He had private instructors of his own, but had come here to learn from Pomle’s best. He had an entire caravan of servants from his royal house, but dreamed of being a true warrior, like the famous Prince Zenol, the Gold-rank adventurer who had made his name in Izril.
He settled in, with grumbling from some [Martial Artists] who still disliked Pomle’s path, reservations from those who thought he’d never truly learn and level with that kind of wealth, and a note from Salii to Orjin about ‘complications’. He thought little of it until, as he was drinking water, he noticed.
As one of the few wealthy people to ever try to live in Pomle, the young man was the first to bring [Slaves]. The Strongest of Pomle heard the rumblings from warriors from beyond Chandrar’s sands.
Complications?
Indeed.
 
——
 
The outsider was always at a disadvantage when it came to being respected. Liked? You could be liked, a novelty, but that was completely aside from garnering admiration. It was a thin coin that separated novelty from mockery. And both could turn into genuine hatred if the outsider stepped wrong.
Why are you doing things wrong?
Why do you look wrong?
Of course, sometimes the questions revealed in and of themselves. Nevertheless—when public opinion turned against you, it was a long way to any kind of social grace. If that was what you wanted. If it mattered. 
In any other time she would have damned the praise and antipathy alike, but Nsiia needed popular support. She had burnt it away, all the fascination for the ‘exotic empress’, the people’s interest in her as a representation of the wild, and everything contrary to their culture—at least, in their mind.
Nevertheless—sweat ran down her cheeks, onto, yes, clothing. A light, sleeveless tunic far richer than the occasion needed. Like Orjin, Nsiia was well aware of how fast you could tear up good clothing. Not much protection, but she had no need to be a spectacle at this moment, and besides—her feet traced left on terracotta bricks in the beautiful little courtyard—
Even wooden blades could tear open bare skin at this level.
The jeering in the background became silence. Perhaps the onlookers fell silent themselves. Nsiia didn’t pay attention.
The other foreign warrior was quick when he came in. As light as she was—almost. [Cat’s Grace] was one of Nsiia’s Skills, but she had many.
She was [Empress], but also warrior. She was both. She was more than a mere ruler with low-levels and she had fought on battlefields. She was a contemporary of the King of Destruction, and even if she had missed much of his first wars of conquest, Nsiia Oliphant was still…
[Empress of Beasts].
Two shortswords and a dagger. The third arm had disconcerted her at first, but it had a lot of limitations. It wasn’t as if the Antinium could slash through his other arms; he added an attack when he swung left, jabbing with his third arm. She responded by merely ducking away, her single practice sword flickering.
—Nevertheless, he was quick! He pressed his attack, carefully stepping in, and it was a fascination to both.
He fights well! Nsiia had met many [Warriors] who were strong, could swing a sword or axe just so, block well—but had the kind of mentality suited for a massed battle. She could take them apart because when it was just them, they were not ready for her leaping off walls, circling, kicking sand into their face.
