8.37 H
Page 28
The Golem’s head paused. The voice was steady. Did the Antinium not find her disturbing?
“Really? Then you surely have a question if you have sought me out.”
She smiled. Ksmvr checked the door. Then he pulled something out of his belt pouch. The Oracle hesitated. Was that…an hourglass? Ksmvr put it on the floor.
“No. I am just here to wait out the duration of this hourglass. By my calculations, seven more minutes should be appropriate.”
The Golem blinked. She hesitated.
“…You don’t have a question for me?”
Ksmvr glanced at her.
“As I understand it, you are a malignant Golem with dubious information sources dating back to the old Golem empire. Any information you give me is highly suspect. However, the prestige of having spoken to you is quite considerable, especially if I intimate that I have learned something. I am content to stand here, thank you.”
He folded his arms. Then reached into his bag of holding and took out an orange. He began to peel it. The Oracle of Elbe’s mouth moved.
“Prestige…? You can’t do that. You must have some question. You’re an adventurer. Don’t you want to know where buried treasure is? I can tell you a secret of golem-making.”
Ksmvr popped the first orange slice into his mouth and nodded, clacking his mandibles happily.
“Highly suspect. If you had not bartered away all useful information, Oracle of Elbe, I would still doubt your sympathy towards any member of Illivere. I will accept that as an Antinium and unbiased outsider, I may be worthy of some sympathy. In which case you will furnish it to me without pretense. That you did not the instant I entered this room means you are a manipulator. If you have something to tell me, I will listen, but any attempts to obfuscate are pointless as I do not care and my objectives are already accomplished in merely entering the room.”
The logical, carefully-reasoned statement was Ksmvr’s attempts to win more favor among Illivere’s ruling class. The Oracle opened her mouth, glaring mightily, and Ksmvr interrupted her.
“Also, if you attempt to deny or even tell the truth regarding my actions here, no one will believe you given your reputation as a liar. So, by attempting to disparage me to the First Crafter of Elbe or those who follow after, you only help me no matter what you say, if only nothing.”
He chewed down another orange slice. The Oracle of Elbe opened and closed her mouth, clearly trying to work out the best way to hamper him given his line of thought. In the end, she snapped.
“Get out and don’t come back.”
Ksmvr checked the hourglass.
“In three more minutes. Thank you for your time.”
 
——
 
“I cannot deny the fact that a powerful Gold-rank team willing to excavate in the name of Illivere is a…powerful allure. You have many qualities of Golems yourself, Adventurer Ksmvr.”
“Thank you, First Crafter of Elbe.”
“Please. Call me…Inerta. We are certainly more than acquaintances, aren’t we?”
Ksmvr nodded. The woman with Golem-arms and he were in private discussion. She was dithering.
“It is just that…Roshal? A dangerous foe to irritate.”
“Mercenaries are easily deniable.”
The First Crafter bit her lip.
“So they are. So they are. It is an intriguing offer, Ksmvr. But if it does come back to Illivere—”
“I remind you, First Crafter, that Magus-Crafter Femithain himself produced Domehead perhaps as a result of his participation in the Tiqr war. He risked his life, and the levels may have resulted in the creation of a Sentience-class Golem. It follows that risk is necessary for progress. Logically.”
“Logically. Yes. So fascinating. Are all Antinium like you?”
