8.37 H
Page 25
“I appreciate the situation I am in. I would like to leave Illivere not as a fugitive, but with as much aid as I can muster for my team. I am also aware that every second I delay, they may die without me. If I fail—if I have failed one of them, I will take responsibility.”
His voice was silk and steel. Nsiia had heard it before, in her own tones, in the same words as Vasraf and so many brave people.
As hard as steel. As soft and…she reached out, as if he were a creature in pain, but he was not hers to command.
“Such a brave child.”
She murmured, and Ksmvr did not know how she knew he was so young. She looked at him, wearily.
“So you hold Femithain and I in the balance. You do think only of your team. But Ksmvr. Even should you save them from this—what next? If you and your team survive calamity and death and retire, as few adventurers do, what comes next?”
Ksmvr looked at her, and almost smiled.
“I have prepared for that since our first great victory, Empress Nsiia. I have earned an equal fourth share in income and other dividends from my team, despite my rookie status and lower level. I have invested all income at the Merchant’s Guild. I have also begun to secure land in the form of two trees. I intend to expand that until I have a permanent home, and enough monetary reserves to provide food and security to my team in our old age.”
She looked at him like her heart was breaking twice. Ksmvr did not understand. Didn’t she see how well-prepared he was?
“And that is all you desire? To live with your team? To see them alive and happy until you all pass away of old age?”
“I will find a Potion of Reverse Aging before then.”
She almost laughed. Almost. But then she took his arm, with a strong grip.
“Such a good child. But nothing. Nothing for yourself?”
The Antinium hesitated. He shuffled his feet. There was nothing in that image for him. At last, he muttered.
“…Perhaps a horse and cats. And a dog. For companionship, which is good in retirement. If my team wishes them.”
“Ksmvr. Where are your wants and dreams? What of you?”
She looked at the Antinium. Ksmvr hated that question, just like he didn’t like her and Femithain pointing out his flaw in thinking only of his team. At last, he whispered.
“Why must I care for myself more than something I love so much?”
She sat back on her heels and looked at him. Nsiia shook her head.
“For you, Ksmvr. Your team. For me, my empire. In that we are alike. My little schemes do nothing. If I could, I would go to them alone. I cannot flee; not alone. But you?”
Her eyes lit on Ksmvr’s face.
“We are alike.”
The [Brave Skirmisher] met Nsiia’s gaze.
“I think we are. I will accept that you love your nation as much as I, my team.”
“Then…”
The Antinium stood there only a second. Yinah rubbed at his legs, but he did not bend down to scratch her ears.
“I am sorry, Empress of Beasts. It is simply not advantageous to help you. You and I know that.”
He turned his back and marched out of the room. Nsiia sighed and bowed her head. Because, of course—they both knew he was right.
 
——
 
First he was the adventurer. The stranger. The opportunity, the chance…now he was a child. In a way, the more she understood, the harder it was to make a plan around him because she felt for this boy.
And he was a boy. In a way, he had a dream and ambitions so pure, so fragile, it reminded her of a man who had once stopped in her empire with a dream. If she wept after he went, it was not just because another plan fell through. It was because she feared the day something shattered that dream.
