8.37 H
Page 11
“Thank you for your compliment, but you and I both know I am quite substandard compared to any acceptable reference.”
Nsiia’s eyebrows shot higher. She opened her mouth, thoughtfully, but then forbore comment.
“As you say, Ksmvr. If you say it, it must be so.”
The Antinium nodded, happy she could understand. So many people insisted on false compliments. It was an illustrative practice match, as the last three had been. That was the level Ksmvr aspired to. Nsiia might have been a…well, perhaps a match for Yvlon! Maybe a tiny bit higher-levelled.
Only then did the two return to the world where other people existed. Nsiia and Ksmvr heard the murmurs, and saw the crowd watching through the iron fence outside of Femithain’s mansion murmuring and pointing.
“They have stopped shouting insults at you, Empress Nsiia.”
“So they have.”
The woman eyed Illivere’s people, many of whom returned the look with sincere hatred. Her gaze was amused, but then she turned to Ksmvr.
“Insults at you as well, Adventurer Ksmvr.”
He shrugged politely. The Antinium adventurer regarded Illivere’s people, who gave him looks ranging from uneasy to fascinated. His voice rose, carrying slightly so the guards attending both him and Nsiia as well as Illivere’s citizens could hear.
“I am not the person who slew Domehead, who was beloved. I defended myself as per the Adventurer’s Guild’s laws, Rule #6, regarding self-defense when attacked with no legal basis. Any ire against me regarding my destruction of Golems is largely unfounded, as Magus-Crafter Femithain’s statement indicated. Therefore, I have actually calculated that I am more liked than not based on my last five days of observation. Statistically, I have a 58% approval rating. Which is more than yours. 36%.”
Nsiia’s head cocked sideways. She eyed Ksmvr, perturbed. So did Illivere’s citizens, many of whom had drawn breath to contradict the Antinium. They looked at him, and it was a familiar gaze to the ones Nsiia had first received when she had become prisoner of Illivere, over a month ago.
Fascination. The [Empress]’ eyes narrowed slightly. That was not how Ksmvr normally talked. She had not known him for more than five days, but he stood, wiping dirt from his head, mandibles, and body as he talked. When he finished, he stood tall, brown-black chitin gleaming in the sun. Ksmvr’s head turned to her with precise, stilted…no.
Golem-like grace. He nodded at Nsiia.
“As we have concluded our sparring for the morning, shall we retire to Magus-Crafter Femithain’s residence, Empress Nsiia?”
“…Of course, Ksmvr. After you.”
 
——
 
There was a certain charm to how Ksmvr walked. The Magus-Crafter of Illivere appreciated it as Ksmvr walked with him around the city. It was not appreciable at first. For many, it did not even occur to them until they looked at Ksmvr and compared it to themselves.
He had a deliberate, measured tread. He did not vary the length of his stride. Nor did he change it depending on whether he turned right or left. He walked…perfectly.
It was something any Antinium who had lived in the Hives could do. Ksmvr did not normally walk like that, since walking was normally variable to account for changes in terrain. Unless you had an environment as precise as the Hive, he did not walk like that.
He did now, slowing, stopping, turning with precise movements. The Magus-Crafter himself admired it. So did the citizens.
He walked like a Golem. When Ksmvr spoke, it was often with figures and facts, in logical parlance.
