8.37 H
Page 12
“I appreciate your accompanying me to the Adventurer’s Guild, Magus-Crafter. Free reign of the city allows me more opportunities to appreciate Illivere.”
His words were measured, polite. Diplomatic. Femithain was conscious of the stares, some hostile, some curious, but Ksmvr’s figures to Nsiia had not been exaggerated. Hostility had quickly changed to fascination. He had killed many Golems, but Illivere’s people had done a curious about-face mentally.
Ksmvr could be the hostile alien from far off…but if he was, he was a superior enemy. However, if he was a Gold-rank adventurer, and positively Golem-like himself, it didn’t sting so much to admit that all the Golems had lost to him, surely? Femithain nodded to Ksmvr as Armsmaster Dellic kept most of the curious at a decent distance.
“Of course, Adventurer Ksmvr. You need not inform me if you wish to leave the residence.”
“And as to my request about leaving the city?”
The man shook his head slightly, adjusting his spectacles.
“It is still a delicate matter…but I am now confident many nations will not have you imprisoned or killed. The bounty remains, however, and given the Antinium Hive’s warning towards Illivere, I am reluctant to place you in jeopardy.”
Ksmvr’s presence had alarmed the other powers of Chandrar. They reacted in paranoia, despite knowing he was an adventurer. Was he a spy? A forerunner of another Antinium invasion?
Most had calmed down, but a few nations had issued bounties on Ksmvr. Well…that was one thing. Femithain was not responsible for that.
However, the Antinium Queens had apparently threatened him and all of Illivere with dire consequences if Ksmvr came to harm. Thus, the Magus-Crafter was now caught in the position of fearing for Ksmvr’s life. He had insisted Ksmvr remain until one side or the other relented.
“Hm. This is not what I wished. I shall abide another day, then. My destination is here, Magus-Crafter.”
“I do apologize, Adventurer Ksmvr. But if you would like to avail yourself of Illivere’s sights…the First Crafters have all issued invitations, including the First Crafter of Elbe who wishes to make amends.”
Ksmvr turned his head to Femithain. His mandibles rose in what the man now knew to be a smile. Ksmvr shook his head.
“No, Magus-Crafter Femithain. I would like to leave. My team needs me. I shall meet you at dinner. Farewell.”
With that, he turned and strode into the Adventurer’s Guild. Fascinating, aloof. Femithain was not the only person to stare after him.
 
——
 
Yvlon had once said that a good adventurer behaved politely and tried to engender respect from all sides. If they had to take sides, they did, but an adventurer was neutral.
Ksmvr had thought hard after he’d realized his captivity—albeit a polite one—in Illivere was more difficult to deal with than he had anticipated. He had tried Captain Ceria and Pisces’ approach, which was bluffing and deception combined with an expression of dominance.
That had failed rather significantly, so Ksmvr took Yvlon’s words to heart.
‘If you must be anything, be fascinating rather than a nuisance, Ksmvr. Ylawes’ team eats for free because people like him. That’s better than having the prices tripled just because people know you can afford it.’
Ksmvr had weighed the merits of Yvlon’s words against his own understandings from being taught as the Prognugator of the Free Antinium and thus implemented his new actions, such as walking differently, speaking with facts and figures to impress Illivere’s people and the Magus-Crafter, all of whom liked Golems and related actions. It created goodwill.
