8.37 H
Page 16
“I see it. But he is not impartial. Or, to my understanding, he would have bargained you to either Savere or Nerrhavia’s Fallen for gain long ago. That is the logical choice. Yet he keeps you here, dangerous as it may be.”
Nsiia shuddered. It was a reasonable decision. She was not altogether that grateful, though.
“It is the action of a man not without conscience. He knows my fate. The Siren of Savere or chains in Nerrhavia’s Fallen. This is…kinder, as Femithain thinks it. But it is not right. You see the animals whose company you enjoy, Ksmvr? There were millions of their kind in Tiqr. A nation of peace. We began no war, and still my people fight. My lands are taken. So…”
She was warming to her words, her speech. Ksmvr stopped petting Yinah with his third hand and held it up.
“I have heard your plea forty four times, Empress Nsiia. I say to you again: I refuse. I will not involve myself, or my team by proxy, in a war of reclamation.”
Nsiia exhaled, hard.
“But if you could help me but escape—!”
“No. That is not practical. Offer me something concrete to save my team. I care nothing for Illivere. Or Tiqr. My team is lost. I know Yvlon is a captive of Nerrhavia’s Fallen as a gladiator. I will free her as that is unjust and clearly a miscarriage of justice…unless she broke a law, in which case I will find a legal recourse. I do not know where Ceria or Pisces are. Yet. I will find them. Offer me something that will help me locate or rescue them.”
“If my kingdom is restored to me, I will throw all of my strength behind you. I swear as [Empress], Ksmvr.”
Nsiia sat cross-legged in front of Ksmvr. He tilted his head, regarding her. His two antennae were both torn short. They waggled before he spoke.
“…That is a lot of cost for an improbable outcome, Empress Nsiia. It is not practical for me to accept.”
She exhaled, hard. And once more her hopes were dashed!
“You are not the Golem-made-Antinium that Femithain and the people of Illivere think of you, Ksmvr. But you are more heartless than I could wish.”
Nsiia could not hide the bitterness in her voice. To that, Ksmvr only nodded.
“You are right, Empress of Beasts. I am sorry. Or I would be, if I treated this as an admission of guilt or failed desire. But I do not. My team needs me. I am thankful you teach me about animals and spar with me. Yet I will not jeopardize my chances of helping them.”
 
——
 
Both of them realized the issue on the evening of the fifth day. That was about when Ksmvr’s healing had ended, hence his little visit to the Adventurer’s Guild, and the boredom of his captivity pressed Femithain into action.
So he, dressed in the long, flowing gown of state, a curious patchwork almost resembling a quilt with every state represented on it, from symbol to motto inscribed in squares of cloth, approached Ksmvr and by extension, Empress Nsiia.
“We have prepared a small gathering and meal, Ksmvr. The First Crafter of Dellva has invited us to her residence for a meal.”
Ksmvr looked up from his play-time with the animals. He saw Nsiia glance up, though the invitation was not for her. Femithian hadn’t even looked at her.
“I will politely decline, Magus-Crafter Femithain. Has it already been…three hours? I am late.”
He stood, abruptly. Taken aback, Femithain blinked.
“I had not thought you would refuse, Adventurer Ksmvr.”
He was dismayed and didn’t hide it. Ksmvr turned, bowing slightly.
