8.37 H
Page 26
Yet that was half of what mattered. Because if it was hard for her…
Magus-Crafter Femithain lowered the bead with fingers that shook. And they did not shake often, for he worked in such delicate ways in his craft. Even so. He had expected to hear some plot, and he had steeled his heart against her grief that happened every night. But that?
He had not expected that. It made him like Nsiia more, and he did, despite what she had done.
It made the rest harder. Femithain closed his eyes and pressed his fingers to the bridge of his nose. Then he replaced his glasses and looked down at three missives.
An ultimatum from Nerrhavia’s Fallen. A threat from Savere. One certainly came from the Siren; the other from Nerrhavia’s royal palace with the royal seal, so it mattered little if it were Yisame or simply the will of the crown.
The last? An auction list and a sum, already paid. A name.
Pisces Jealnet.
Femithain did not often resent the duties of his position. Difficult choices arose in governing his nation, but often between how best to improve, to refine. To make sure the gears did not crush citizens like sand as they were oiled.
But these were foreign affairs, and their choices were cruel. His fingers twitched again.
Cruel indeed.
 
——
 
It had nothing to do with him. As he had said, it was not his affair and there was no gain for his team.
Pisces mattered. That he was a slave of Roshal? Ksmvr received the news in the morning and thought about it. Roshal, a world power, denied any arguments that would lead to releasing Pisces.
Therefore. Ksmvr asked to visit Elbe that morning. It was one of two changes. Magus-Crafter Femithain assented, of course. He presented Nsiia with another ultimatum then.
“A collar. You intend to make a [Slave] out of me, Femithain.”
The [Empress of Beast]’s voice was flat. Femithain did not meet her eyes.
“You are not a [Slave]. But Nerrhavia’s Fallen has seen how free you are for a prisoner.”
This was true in technicality. She would not be a [Slave].
But it was a collar. A gilded one. A…[Slave]’s collar. It had come from Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Femithain gestured to it as it lay on his desk.
“They do not trust you to remain an amiable prisoner, Nsiia. Your people lie in the steppes. An army led by your [General]. You, with your Skills, could well escape.”
Nsiia’s eyes flickered. She could not deny it without lying to Femithian. All she said was…
“You do not have to do this, Femithain.”
“It is only a collar, Nsiia. It will not restrict your Skills—only detect your location. If you leave Illivere, it will paralyze you. I hope you do not. That would lead to—”
Her hand struck his desk like thunder. Everything went flying and Dellic rushed in, sword drawn. Nsiia had crushed the desk.
“It is a collar and you know it! Look how luxurious they made it, Femithain. It even has Nerrhavia Fallen’s sigil!”
She pointed at the gold and jewels.
“So the world knows who truly owns me. No wonder they are content to let me live here! I will never take it off. You don’t have the key.”
Ksmvr, listening to the loud argument while pretending to still be in his rooms, heard Femithain’s quiet reply.
“I do not. It will not be removed. I do not believe…I could. Not without a great artifact. Nor will I try. You knew you were a prisoner, Nsiia. You had to make a statement for all to see on the scrying orb.”
Silence. The Magus-Crafter went on.
“Nsiia. You will not be taken to Nerrhavia’s Fallen. But the royal palace will not accept anything but this, and this is the least of what they demanded.”
