8.37 H
Page 3
She nodded at the non-warriors, the people of Tiqr, travellers, who had come during the war. Orjin saw them watching the standoff anxiously. However, Salthorn was noticeably not one of Pomle’s warriors who was annoyed by the refugees who had settled here. She was just exasperated about the outcome. She closed her eyes—the one that still was in its socket, rather—and a little flash of orange revealed her true ‘eye’ in the hollow socket of the other.
“Pomle was a place for us to become strong because it afforded little opportunity for anything else. Now—young [Martial Artists] can make a small fortune if they fight and win in your betting pit. They dream of luxuries where once the harshness of the oasis drove away all but those who were truly dedicated.”
“So?”
Salthorn looked ready to choke Salii into the next world, but the Drake elaborated before the [Grappling Master] could lose her patience. She spoke loudly enough for all to hear.
“Luxury. Why is that bad in a vacuum? Potions, someone to cook for you—none of this is bad, as you admit, Salthorn. It’s the fact that it can be done, can make a very pleasant life that you object to. Well. Is that wrong of me to create? I am challenging your beliefs with my Skills, clipboard, and knowledge. If I can erase what makes you [Martial Artists] by offering you money, was that a fault of the money or the fact that you never had to choose before?”
It was a well-reasoned argument. The warriors of Pomle looked at each other, and Salii looked a bit smug—for all of a second. Then a Stitch-man brushed hair out of his face. He hadn’t cut his hair in the six years since he’d come here to learn from Xil, the great [Peerless Spearmaster] Garuda. Orjin had never heard him speak, but the young man replied to the Drake now.
“This is so, Miss Salii. Thanks to you, the oasis will never run dry. You make our lives easier. Thusly, levelling becomes harder. It is not fair to equate such amenities simply to temptation.”
Salii’s brows rose high, and Orjin saw many nod, including himself. If the [Secretary] had expected Pomle’s warriors to be thoughtless—years of solitary practice gave you plenty of time to think.
Her nod was respectful to the Stitch-man. Salii thought for only a second before she turned and gestured at the town behind her.
“You’re right, sir. Civilization is designed to elevate all, at the expense of the few. A good civil servant serves her people; a fact my people seem to have forgotten. Yes, I am decreasing the harshness of Pomle, but now more people than ever will become [Martial Artists], can live here. Pomle’s population has quintupled, and unlike other times, it will retain that number…if you let them. Already, more and more are developing classes to improve your training, or seeking to emulate you. That’s true too, isn’t it?”
It was. Salthorn bit her lip. Even she had a new apprentice, in the form of Iratze, and many refugees aspired to be like Pomle’s best, with little else to emulate or do now their kingdom was lost.
“It’s a tricky problem. Nevertheless, we who came here for privacy suffer. Those who came for harshness suffer. We did not turn away those in need, but it is not our desire to sacrifice Pomle to become a city just so they can live as they wish.”
Salthorn pointed out at last. The [Martial Artists] nodded. Salii nodded.
