8.37 H
Page 1
Nothing was different about this area. And yet…it was. Somehow, it was. If he had not known, would he have sensed it? Orjin wondered.
All the light touched…literally…was Pomle’s. From the canyon, to as far as Orjin could see, until the land rose in an incline to the north. Pomle’s.
To be clear, it had not been a week ago. Pomle was a small nation whose independence wasn’t even recognized on paper by most nations; they claimed only the canyon, and even then, anyone was free to come and go as long as they didn’t make trouble. The ‘Peace of Pomle’ was so famous that other nations even came to make diplomatic treaties on this neutral ground.
Yet now, there was a definitive border of Pomle’s. She had marked it out with a stick, and arranged for a [Cartographer] to draw a new map with the border. She had made this happen.
“Salii.”
 
——
 
The greatest [Secretary] the world had ever seen—according to her—was relaxing under a palm tree. She wasn’t stupid enough to sit under one with an actual fruit that could kill you if it fell; she was drinking from a flask of water, and had a comfy rocking chair with Shockwool padding.
Orjin eyed the chair. It was new. The Shockwool, a product of the baahing Shockwoolies, was a new product of Pomle’s. The little town of mud-brick houses? New.
“You expanded Pomle again, Salii?”
“It was cheap, Orjin. No one wants the land around us. I made a few [Memos], invested the money from the pit fights…that’s right. You told me I could do ‘whatever I wanted’. So I did.”
Salii fluttered her eyes at Orjin. He grunted. She was mocking him. He debated kicking her chair into the oasis she was relaxing next to. A single magical stone was embedded in the oasis, sucking water out of the atmosphere and dribbling it into the pond. The edges, usually a crumbling mess of dirt eroding inwards, were now shored up with stone, and everyone was reminded to keep trash well clear of the oasis.
Not that the [Martial Artists] had ever tossed dirty things in. But Orjin recalled some sickness from when a few would bathe injuries or just jump in after months of being dirty. You learned to boil the water fast.
New, new, new. The animal pens? New. The grass being cultivated in the first fertile patch of soil so the animals could graze? New. Permanent houses for the refugees of Tiqr and growing number of travellers? New.
Orjin’s scowl and folded arms made Salii look up after a second. She smiled brightly.
“Do you have any objections, Strongest of Pomle? I’m here to serve. I am Pomle’s [Secretary]. Just say the word.”
The Strongest of Pomle stared at her. He stared over his shoulder at the new lands that Pomle owned. He really thought about kicking her chair over.
Without a word, Orjin walked off. Salii grinned—then sighed and settled back, fanning herself with her clipboard.
That had been emblematic of their last two dozen encounters, over as many days. A little story of Pomle’s unexpected growth. The breaking point was not the new lands.
It was not the fighting pits, which had worldwide acclaim. It was not the stone homes, the trading post set up, or even the permanent [Umbrella of Shade] spell in one corner of the canyon.
The last straw was…healing potions.
 
——
 
It was getting old to Orjin as well. And to be fair, the [Martial Artists] had stopped demanding he do something about Salii with every new thing. They’d been remarkably patient. A few eyes had twitched at the [Umbrella of Shade] spell, but the non-warriors did need a place to relax in the shade, and it was nice and cool.
