8.37 H
Page 36
“I—I am a fool. A terrible…friend? Mentor? A worthless woman to look up to. A betrayer. A…”
Domehead stood there, indicating he disagreed. Anyways, Pisces sometimes said that too, and Ceria. Ksmvr felt a kinship with the Golem, and tapped Nsiia on the shoulder. They had to keep moving. This was…probably going to cause more trouble.
The [Empress of Beasts] started as Ksmvr indicated the way ahead.
“You are not a terrible friend, Nsiia. Come, come. And hurry up. Not a horrible ruler. Just a bad mother.”
Then he kept running.
 
—-
 
Domehead was gone. Ksmvr was gone. Nsiia had fled.
Three disasters for the price of one. All interrelated. He saw that now. What Magus-Crafter Femithain thought, in his light-headed state, as he stumbled through his home, was how connected it all was.
Like a Golem’s circuits. One provoked the other. Had he not seen it?
Yinah was gone too. For some reason, that disturbed him most of all. He thought of the little cat, and could focus on missing her more than…
Domehead. Why had he gone? Of all of them, Crafter Se, who had slept in the arena to fix him? Armsmaster Dellic, whom Domehead had also learned from? Femithain had given Domehead life.
Yet it was Nsiia. Femithian thought he understood why. It had not just been the Magus-Crafter’s logic and Skill. Perhaps the Empress of Beasts had helped create Domehead more than he ever knew.
“Alive.”
Femithain stumbled, and nearly fell as his walk took him past his office. Not to his desk, not in the dark mansion. He had tripped over something.
A broken collar. He looked at it, and then kicked it aside. Femithain walked on, blindly.
“Alive.”
He was chuckling, laughing softly. A quiet hysteria. Understanding…something.
At last, the Magus-Crafter stopped. Not in his workshop, not in his office filled with papers and the affairs of state. These were not the places that drew him. It was just a private room, in his mansion, where Nsiia and Ksmvr had never intruded. They probably thought it was abandoned.
And how not? He knew them. They knew him. But only for a short time. Femithian himself had never entered this room for the last two years. He’d just…forgotten.
Yet it was cleaned of dust. The Magus-Crafter looked around. He had been preparing to show it to someone. It was just…a thought. Now, he knew why.
They taught Domehead how to fight. Gave him routines to protect, defend, even bow and repair himself. Dellva, Illivere, had been abuzz with dreams.
Teach him to learn. To overcome! To lead? For a Golem such as him, he would not have to be taught pre-programmed actions. He would learn. Had Crafter Se dreamed of…?
He did not know. The Magus-Crafter sat at an object in the darkness. He had wanted to take his creation here. His son.
The harp was free of dust, and the enchantments kept it tuned. Femithain plucked at the strings, hesitantly, then remembering. It was a pointless room, or had been.
You did not play music for Golems. They could not appreciate it. Femithain sat in the dark room, bleeding, though he had not been struck. Murmuring the word.
“Alive.”
He realized the irony, why the Oracle of Elbe laughed. The living were so…hard to predict. You could not control them. Femithain looked out the window.
“The day I made him, he was not mine, but yours, Nsiia. Take care of him.”
Then he rose to follow after.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I am still sort of sick? I don’t actually know, but I’ve observed that thought-cohesion is still harder and I’m just not sharp.
