8.37 H
Page 10
Ksmvr of the Free Antinium had trained somewhere. He swept towards her, able to pivot back when she tried to engage him, daring her to come too close.
He did not get overeager, and his swordsmanship was strong. Nsiia hissed as his [Quick Slash] scored a line down her arm. He had a decent number of [Warrior]’s Skills too. That would have laid her arm open in a real battle.
Nevertheless…Ksmvr charged at her. She stabbed forwards with her sword. Saw him blur left and over her in a jump.
[Evasive Flip]. He actually slashed down at her mid-flip. She responded by rolling herself, stabbing up. She hit his stomach but it was like a rock.
Ring of Barkskin. Adventurers.
When he landed, he charged, and he was faster still. [Surpass Limits]? [Quick Movement]—Nsiia grinned. It would kill most warriors not used to fighting him, especially with enchanted blades. Her response was to tap the ground with her feet.
[Gazelle’s Leap]. Ksmvr’s charge and blades struck only air. The audience gasped as Nsiia leapt across the courtyard. Some of the [Guards] stirred; the Golems did not. Nsiia caught herself.
Her watching was done. Her offensive began.
[Elephant’s Strength]. The temporary Skill was a hallmark of her level. Even [Enhanced Strength] fell behind this Skill—for a few minutes. Eight, to be exact.
She only needed one. Nsiia’s posture shifted down, down. The Antinium, watching her, thought it suddenly mimicked her cat, Yinah. Or…something else.
[Furious Hunt: Hyenas]. The Empress stalked across the courtyard, circling, far faster than that posture should have allowed. Ksmvr thought he saw other shapes, like her, in his peripherals. He ignored them as an illusory manipulation, until it occurred to him—a fraction too late—that if it was part of the Skill—
Nsiia exploded out from the side, snarling like the embodiment of a wild animal. Her slash came as Ksmvr was turning. His right arms’ sword was knocked clean out of his hands by the tremendous impact. He swung left, trying to get back—
She rammed into him, and stabbed him through the heart and chest. A killing blow. Her blade continued to stab, as the two landed, tangling, Ksmvr’s green blood spattering the ground…
…In what would have happened if they actually had swords. Ksmvr lay on his rounded back shell, staring up at the sky. Nsiia, smiling, offered him a hand.
“Well fought, Adventurer Ksmvr.”
“To a certain degree, perhaps. I am still insufficient. Your sparring with me indicates how little attacking power I possess when deprived of my crossbows.”
She raised an eyebrow, amused. Ksmvr let her help him up. He stood, inspecting the place where he had fallen. He should have kept moving. Perhaps even leapt into the air, although she would have targeted where he landed. Next time, he would not be taken in by a strange Skill.
“Many in Tiqr would consider themselves lucky to force me to use three Skills.”
“I am a Gold-rank adventurer. I am deficient. You outmatched me even in speed, which as a [Skirmisher], I should excel at.”
The [Empress of Beasts] raised her eyebrows. Even her eyes were almost closer to feline than Human, or gave the impression. Everything about her could be like a wild thing—and then she would straighten, accept a cup of water from one of Illivere’s servants with a nod, and become a person once more.
She was both. The bridge between animal and people in her kingdom. Or had been. She studied Ksmvr, thoughtfully.
“You are slower than me. Your skill with a blade is quite adept.”
