8.37 H
Page 8
Salii was leading the tour group around. The first area consisted of vertical rock spires—as well as poles of wood or metal, suspended high off the ground. Although…there was no helpful body of water at the ground. Salii had an option on [Featherfalling], but in deference to Salthorn’s complaints, you’d have to buy or procure your safety net.
There was a huge underground cave for blind fighting, and Salii had even installed tightropes and rope bridges across Pomle’s canyons, to provide alternate places to train. However, that was only the start.
She was showing Pomle’s warriors the huge, sandy expanse outside of Pomle. Salii was excitedly talking to Salthorn.
“Why an [Air Mage]?”
“Well, it’ll be an expensive enchantment, but I hope we can make one we don’t have to upkeep. It’ll blow sand.”
“…Just that?”
“Of course. A natural sandstorm, oh, thirty miles wide? Anyone who wants to train in that, be my guest. And if we really get enough magic and a power source or natural ley-line, we’ll have a [Gravity Mage] set up a spell. Apparently that’s…how some martial artists train?”
Salii glanced at Orjin, who shrugged. It was conceivable, but—both looked at Raul, who slapped his forehead.
“Which of you told them about that? We don’t do that! If it doesn’t work, you morons—”
“What do you think, Master Salthorn?”
“It’s…different. You have to choose to train there, but I’ll admit, you can experience things we couldn’t before. Not bad.”
The Selphid was grudging. She turned to Orjin and Xil.
“The problem is, it’s still something you can choose. Part of levelling is not having a choice.”
“We’ll have to make up for it with diversity, then. Harder training. If the Strongest is for it…is there more than just terrain, Orjin?”
The Garuda commented. Orjin nodded. Surprisingly, the challenges had stopped once he announced he and Salii would work together. Everyone had waited for what they’d do.
“There will be. It will be a choice, but we will learn more. Such as instructors.”
“Instructors? For us?”
Someone called out. Salii grinned.
“Of course. Pomle is full of [Martial Artists]. But what if I paid for a [Pyromancer] to come here for six months and throw [Fireballs] at anyone who asked to practice evading them?”
Dead silence. Orjin smiled. Practicing against spells was difficult. After a second, one of the [Warriors]—a Stitch-girl—shouted nervously.
“Only if you pay for an Amulet of Fire Protection!”
That was the first time anyone had willingly engaged with one of Salii’s new plans. She beamed. She’d done it. Once one [Martial Artist] asked for something, another asked if she could create a cold zone, since they were practicing cultivating a fire aura. Someone else wanted a [Blacksmith] to buy weapons.
Pomle’s prosperity was at hand. Of course, as Orjin had commented, they had no actual products. Salii had bought some cash animals, and they had an oasis with better-than-average water supply thanks to the gem she’d gotten from Fetohep of Khelt, but where would the money come from?
Well…the underground fights. Almost exclusively, actually. Salii had told Orjin no less than a hundred gold pieces were gambled on any given fight. Even with a tiny cut of it, Pomle had a huge budget for projects. Given that Salii was not spending it on much else, and her own Skills, she could make things happen.
Opportunity attracted travellers, people seeking a job, people that Salii reached out for. Orjin watched Pomle’s population explode, again, but contented himself with just waiting. It might be for the better, after all.
And then…well.
