8.37 H
Page 13
He had, of course, considered Pisces’ words of wisdom against Yvlon’s.
‘There are fools in every land, young and old, Ksmvr. Ignore them. Do what you must, and hang their feelings. They will never love you for simply…being. Why pander fruitlessly and humiliate oneself?’
There were contradictions in the advice given, clearly, but Ksmvr considered it was situational which of his teammates was right at any moment. They had stopped throwing things at him, but not Nsiia, since he had adopted this approach, so he considered Yvlon was right. For now.
What would Captain Ceria say, though? She was actually more sparing with advice than Pisces and Yvlon, both of whom often took him aside to impart their vast troves of wisdom to their junior teammate. Ksmvr tried to think as he approached the counter of the rather empty Adventurer’s Guild and the staring [Receptionist].
‘Always have a snack, Ksmvr. Some long-term food. Like…a stick of butter and honey rolled with a bunch of walnuts. Tastes great. Don’t listen to Yvlon. That’s food for a day if you’ve got nothing left. Bugs don’t have much energy.’
Could he extrapolate that to be a commentary on the exigency of always having a backup item or plan? …No. Probably not. But it was still committed to Ksmvr’s impeccable memory.
“Y-you’re the um, Gold-rank. I’m the [Receptionist]. Not that Illivere has many adventurers, but you’re…”
The woman at the desk had a very similar reaction to many Humans. Ksmvr politely nodded.
“I am Ksmvr, Gold-rank adventurer of the Horns of Hammerad, a team from Izril. My credentials are registered worldwide. I am happy to prove I am Ksmvr via truth spell if identification is needed.”
The Stitch-girl stared at Ksmvr, mouth moving slightly.
“I—I do not think I need—that’s necessary.”
Hm. Shoddy Adventurer’s Guild, as proven by their lax regulations. Nevertheless, Magus-Crafter Femithain had assured Ksmvr they could do the basic work.
“I have come to claim damages for my destroyed gear. Magus-Crafter Femithain has arranged this?”
“Yes! I mean…yes. Do you have the um, items?”
Ksmvr nodded. He reached for his side and brought something out.
A broken shortsword. The enchantment was gone, and the steel weapon was in two parts. Ksmvr looked at it as he put it on the counter. Then the Flamecoat Dagger. His Cloak of Arrow Protection…a crossbow…
His beautiful, lovely gear that the [Brave Skirmisher] had maintained for so long was in ruins. The [Receptionist] got over her nerves to exhale quietly.
“That’s a lot of gear, um, Adventurer Ksmvr.”
“It was all very low in magical interference. I would like to note that in my damages claim.”
“Of—of course. Could I ask you to list the items for me? Please?”
“Naturally. I have a Shortsword of Hardening, a Cloak of Arrow Protection, a standard crossbow—please note Izril’s market prices at the time, and the steel frame as opposed to other materials—a Flamecoat Dagger…”
His hand touched the Flamecoat Dagger. Of all the items, that had distressed him most. Ksmvr had broken his weapons against the Golems, against Domehead in the Testing. He had seen his shortsword break, one of his crossbows, and the other Golems had damaged his cloak.
The dagger? He hadn’t realized it was broken until he had reclaimed his gear and noticed the chip along the blade. Accordingly—the flame effect was gone.
Ksmvr realized he’d stopped speaking. The [Receptionist] had logged all the items, though.
“Magus-Crafter Femithain has asked us—that is, the Guild—Illivere—to tell you that you will be fully reimbursed for all damages to your equipment, Adventurer Ksmvr. Sir.”
