8.37 H
Page 31
They were waiting for him. But would Stan’s family wait forever? Ceria had surely made provisions. But Ksmvr had never…
He looked up at Domehead. The Golem was tensed, lights flashing. Would it attack?
“Someone cares for you. You are Sentient-class. I know you are capable of thought. How much? Do you understand me?”
The Antinium was reflected in the glowing glass of the dome. Ksmvr pointed at Domehead, slowly. The Golem flinched.
“Someone rebuilt you. You have someone who will wait for you. Your…team.”
A pulsing little light lit up a tiny crystal in the side of Domehead’s brain. Ksmvr was fascinated. He could see a divergent thought in the Golem. And then the Golem slowly…nodded.
The arena was silent. The [Golem Artificer], Crafter Se herself, was tearing at her hair, almost weeping aloud, but muffling it. Ksmvr smiled.
“Yes. You understand me. Good. Everyone must have a team. Someone to protect them. Therefore…”
He took a step. Domehead fell back, but it was assessing Ksmvr. The axe came out of its guard-position, warily. Yet Ksmvr, like someone invading the den of a wild animal, refused to back up. His voice was measured. He pointed at Domehead.
“I am not here to harm you. I do not wish to. You have a purpose. So do I.”
He walked towards the edge of the arena, the very place he had come from. Then his head turned. Slowly. He addressed Domehead.
“Do not force me to destroy you.”
Domehead froze. Because, of the many things it was learning, thinking, in this moment—it was analyzing Ksmvr. And…Domehead had no real concept of truth or lies yet.
Nevertheless.
It did not think Ksmvr was lying.
 
——
 
Uproar in Illivere. The First Crafter of Elbe was shouting at him. Crafter Se was shouting at him. Femithain heard an admission of guilt, of conspiracy. But he barely heard them.
He was racing towards Ksmvr’s position on horseback, and Armsmaster Dellic and every Golem, [Soldier], and [Mage] he could muster were hot on his heels. Yet they had to keep adjusting their position because Ksmvr kept racing forwards.
He was heading back towards Dellva after setting the entire state of Elbe ablaze. Not only had he leapt into the arena, done something to Domehead, but he’d seized the Golem Horse assigned to him and was racing back without his escort.
Why? Femithain had heard mixed reports from the Testing Grounds. Crafter Se had said something about Ksmvr doing something where he’d first appeared, in one of the cells, but then she had shouted about Domehead running amok and had gone chasing after him.
Femithain’s mind could come to a few conclusions about what Ksmvr had been doing. He had been rallying support across Illivere for his team. Now he had acted.
But what had he needed to go to the Testing Grounds for? Well, Femithain suspected, but first he had to catch Ksmvr.
“Ksmvr!”
The Antinium was racing across the ground, on the back of a Golem Horse. Femithain shouted at him to stop. In response? Ksmvr just changed directions and raced around the wave of people trying to slow him.
“[Light Nets]! Slow him! [Sticky Webs]—anything!”
“But the Golem Horse!”
Femithain saw one of the [Golem Artificers] pale at the thought of damaging one of the last Golem Horses. Femithain cursed, took careful aim at Ksmvr—but the Antinium dodged the [Paralysis Bolt], swinging low on the saddle. He raised his Forceshield as he surged towards Dellva’s walls, and caught another spell.
