8.37 H
Page 35
“Orjin. Orjin.”
It was the same voice. That was not surprising. The fact that it was the same tone was surprising. Just like every other time.
Not worried, just a bit vexed. A bit annoyed. Orjin tuned out the shouting. The shattered armor. The people being picked up.
The others were watching. From Salthorn to Xil. Some looked disturbed. Others, calm. Others didn’t even care.
Salii, the [Secretary] of Pomle, looked at the Strongest. Orjin calmly snapped the last binding on the leg. The [Slaves] looked at him.
“Why did you do it, Orjin? You didn’t give me any warning.”
Her tone was level. The Strongest looked at the Drake.
“For all this time, you’ve asked me what I wanted. What I would do, what I willed. I never told you anything because I never wanted anything. I was happy with some changes. Not with the others. I didn’t inform you about this because I’ve always done as I thought I should.”
He looked at the fleeing Nerrhavia’s Fallen group, and the people whom he had freed. Salii tilted her head, smiling.
“Can you explain it to me, again? I think I know.”
Orjin exhaled into the night air and shrugged, as if he had done nothing out of the ordinary.
“It offended my sensibilities. That is all.”
 
——
 
It was the same kind of answer, said two ways. The why was easy. The how was pretty easy too if you had a magic sword.
Ksmvr began jogging off. Nsiia followed him, scooping Yinah up as the mare groaned and plodded after them.
“Go away. I am trying to rescue my team.”
“What if we went together? Femithain will conflate the two of us. You freed me.”
“…No I didn’t. Yinah freed you.”
She laughed. Ksmvr sighed, but he didn’t scare her off. And the word spread. An adventurer had freed the Empress of Beasts. A foreigner from distant lands with a magic sword.
It was going to cause a lot of trouble. Ksmvr…didn’t really care. Someone had once said there were consequences for actions and that was true. It might be war and consequences. So what?
They’d have to catch him, first. He began running, and the [Empress of Beasts] leapt into the saddle. A cat yowled as the two began to race over the ground, to what really mattered.
They only slowed when they realized they were being pursued. Ksmvr looked back. He was sure he’d established sufficient dominance this time! Moreover, their breakneck speed had outdistanced anyone but someone on a Golem Horse of their own.
Or…someone relentless enough to run the entire way here. But how had it—he—known they were here? Ksmvr checked his sword. Nsiia spun.
“Is that…?”
Domehead slowed when he saw Ksmvr. He had not been expecting to see Ksmvr. Ksmvr had not been expecting to see Domehead.
Nsiia was flabbergasted. She looked at Domehead, not able to comprehend how this had happened. Ksmvr’s mandibles opened and closed.
“I told you I would destroy you if you attacked me. Is that what this is? I thought you had a…team…”
He looked up, suddenly. At the figure on horseback. The woman stared at Domehead, and Ksmvr. Even the cat caught on before she did. Then Nsiia reeled.
“But I struck him down! I…”
Domehead trotted forwards slowly. He looked at Nsiia, the lights flashing in his head. The axe was strapped to his back in its holster. He did not reach for that. Instead—he raised his hands and took a familiar fighting stance.
It floored Nsiia. She looked up at Domehead, staggered as if the Golem had punched her.
“I—me?”
A little light glowed in Domehead’s mind. Ksmvr saw tears spring to Nsiia’s eyes. She touched her chest, took in a shuddering breath.
