8.37 H
Page 0

Do you like The Wandering Inn? How about…in French? The official translation of L’Auberge Vagabonde is up, as well as a Patreon! If you know anyone who’s been holding off because English sucks, recommend it to them!
That’s right. We’re going international! I mean…someone else is. I don’t speak French. Or write it. I assume this is in French. It could all be an elaborate joke. How do you know Google Translate translates accurately?
https://aubergevagabonde.wordpress.com/ 
https://www.patreon.com/aubergevagabonde
 

 
 
The earth felt no different under Orjin of Pomle’s feet as he jogged around the natural canyon, a natural shelter from dust storms and wind that held a small oasis.
The Strongest of Pomle was bare-chested. He wore little clothing, and that had been mostly due to a lack of any clothing to begin with. When he had needed it, he had traded for garments, patched up holes, or paid the few people who could work with needles to fix it for him.
It was a problem to be dealt with, not a desire or focus of his life. These days, he could have adorned himself in a number of raiments.
He stayed light. Excess clothing in Chandrar’s punishing heat could be a training in and of itself, but what was the point of rich cloth that would soon tear or degrade? His dark skin wouldn’t burn under the sun, anyways. Not like some of the new arrivals to Pomle. Or her.
Apparently, scales could ‘sunburn’ and flake off, just like skin. Orjin thought of her. Some now thought of that Drake as the most dangerous threat to Pomle’s existence, and theirs was a tiny nation of [Martial Artists] who had once fought every kingdom and empire for hundreds of miles around to retain their independence.
Orjin could see why. He was Strongest of Pomle, a simple title that meant a lot and a little. In other times, it just meant he had the unenvious task of quelling arguments between the warriors of Pomle, making decisions if need be, and leading the defense against larger threats and monsters. It was not necessarily a position many wanted.
For his entire life, he had trained here, growing in levels, skill, and Skills, learning different styles of fighting, and…well, being what Pomle was. A [Martial Artist], ever in training. Some came to improve for a while. Others left to hone their strength. Since its inception, this is how Pomle had been.
She had changed everything. Orjin moved quickly, stepping lightly across the sand. There was a trick to it; if you had a lightfoot Skill, you could race about as if you had solid ground to push off from. For Orjin and those without, you needed to know how to get a firm foothold beneath the tenuous grains of sand, to push, pivot, and fight properly.
The sand burning his bare feet would have been a concern if Orjin were twenty years younger. He had been plagued by burning his feet when the sun was out when he was a child; now if there was pain, he would ignore it or treat it as a lesson for not moving at the right speed.
He had a pace a camel would envy, at any rate, surging up and down the dunes, stopping along a partially-uncovered road, even hopping onto a stone chunk buried in the sands to stare about.
“It’s all the same.”
The man muttered to himself. Everything was as he remembered it—in that he never bothered to remember the shifting landscape around Pomle. It straddled the Great Desert, Zeikhal, which dominated the center of Chandrar. There were places to live deep inland, but the most prosperous nations tended towards the coasts.
