8.37 H
Page 30
Yet Domehead stood so still. Ksmvr had heard Crafter Se worrying to Femithain something was wrong. He moved when they told him to, executed all commands flawlessly, and still displayed the lateral thinking; he could do what all other Golems couldn’t.
One sign of this was simply giving Golems a locomotion task they weren’t made for. Like…walk in a wavy line rather than straight. Unless explicitly programmed, Golems could not do it.
Domehead could. Yet he did not do anything when he was not ordered to. In theory, he could ‘think’, albeit limited. He just didn’t show it. In war that might change. In battle. They were going to test him out on foes, ‘train’ him.
Ksmvr watched the Golem, now nine feet of death, holding the battleaxe, the only source of bright light in the arena. The [Skirmisher] pondered his journey.
Negotiations were complete. He had wasted enough time.
Now. Now was the hour. He was sorry about Nsiia. But Ksmvr…well. She had the collar and Tiqr was far away.
The Antinium bowed his head. This next part might be unexpectedly hard. He had hoped they’d finish Domehead. But time? Alas. What had he said to Nsiia?
“For my team. What would I do?”
And of course, the answer was simple. Domehead, frozen in place, suddenly moved. The guards, watching him idly, saw the lights burn in his crystal brain. The Golem whirled, axe rising. He took a step—faltered—and backed up a step.
The Antinium leapt over the first balcony and into the seats of the arena. There were shouts and Golems came to life. A bow-wielding Golem trained a bow on him, but Ksmvr dove as shouts identified him.
“It’s the Antinium! Hold fire! Hold—”
Ksmvr landed in the arena. His boots struck the ground with a thud. The [Guards] and [Golem Artificer] on duty froze.
“It’s the Antinium! He’s in the arena with Domehead! Call the Magus-Crafter! Call—”
The Humans froze. What was Ksmvr up to? Was it a rematch? Was he testing Domehead?
Surely not. Yet as they panicked, unsure of how to remove Ksmvr without injuring him, they realized Domehead was not in danger. The huge Golem had been rebuilt. And Ksmvr had lost his enchanted weapons.
Unless…his Skill? Horrified faces looked down. Either a diplomatic incident or another tragedy. But why?
Domehead had raised its axe to shield its chest and lower half of its domed head. It remembered Ksmvr.
“You are called Domehead. Do you know me? We fought once. A regrettable accident.”
Ksmvr called out. He spread his three arms to show he was unarmed. Domehead did not lower the axe. But it did step forwards.
Danger. Ksmvr’s instincts shrilled at him. The Golem was clearly hostile. Ksmvr held up one hand higher.
“I am not here to battle you. I am not your enemy. Do you…understand me?”
He took a step forward. Instantly, Domehead swivelled left, dodging in a pattern as his axe moved, threateningly. Ksmvr halted.
Was Domehead…nervous of him? The motion was aggressive, but it was a defensive position. He turned, calmly.
“I am not here to damage you, Domehead. But I need to do something.”
“Antinium! Do not move! If you attack Domehead, we will restrain you and cannot guarantee your safety! The Magus-Crafter demands you leave the arena and then state your intentions! At once!”
Ksmvr looked up slightly. A [Guard] was aiming a crossbow at him. But he was no Crossbow Stan. Something else the old adventurer had once said to Ksmvr rang true.
“I’ve got a family, Ksmvr. A family. I can’t let ‘em down. So. A good adventurer makes all the profit they can. But they never forget who’s waiting for them.”
