8.37 H
Page 17
“I would not wish to offend the First Crafter of your state, Magus-Crafter. But since it is so late, I must hurry to the shops and procure another crossbow. Complete my rearmament, and then continue training.”
He had spent hours with Nsiia that morning, warming up his body after recovering from his injuries. Nsiia and Femithain glanced at him.
“You wish to train more, Ksmvr?”
The [Skirmisher] nodded calmly.
“If I must remain in Illivere, I should dedicate every hour to training for the chance of levelling up one more time before I am free to leave. I should not have spent three hours here. I shall limit my visits to only an hour, Empress Nsiia.”
“Surely you can spare the time to attend the First Crafter’s residence? It would not take…”
Femithain hesitated. He couldn’t in good conscience say it wouldn’t take less than five hours; the First Crafter had an entire evening planned. However, Ksmvr just shook his head.
“Even at the risk of offending Illivere’s people, I would rather establish a precedent for antisocial behavior that I might not attend more such dinners. I must improve myself.”
Nsiia and Femithain looked at each other. They traded barbs, but both were somehow unified in this moment.
“Ksmvr, do you not take time to relax and enjoy yourself? What if your team were here?”
Even Nsiia thought he was behaving oddly. He was Antinium, but he had done little else but prepare himself for battle by training, buying items, petitioning or arguing with Femithain that he should be allowed to leave, eating, sleeping, and petting animals.
There was more to life than that. Yet Ksmvr just shook his head as if it were obvious. Patiently, he explained.
“If my team were here, Empress Nsiia, Magus-Crafter, I would naturally accompany them to any event. Because that is a worthwhile exercise with my team.”
“But lacking them…?”
Femithain was fascinated. Ksmvr calmly responded.
“There is no point. When I am not participating in team-building exercises which contribute to our overall cohesion and friendship with one or all of my team, I prepare for our next engagement by procuring items or supplies, studying monsters or geography, or training.”
Nsiia’s eyebrows rose. Yinah gnawed on Ksmvr’s antennae and he gently lifted her off his head.
That was the most boring life she could imagine. 
“You have no hobbies, Ksmvr?”
She looked pointedly at the cat in his arms. Ksmvr shook his head, oblivious.
“I do not. Hobbies are a waste of time unless they meaningfully contribute to my team in some way, as in a class. If my team does something…”
“What if they do something pointless, like…staring at weeds?”
“Then that is clearly a worthwhile endeavor because they are doing it.”
The two Humans looked at each other again, and this time forgot all hostility for a moment. Both of them liked Ksmvr, despite their short meeting, for elements of his personality that gelled with theirs. Nsiia shook her head, dismayed.
“Ksmvr, if your team jumped off a cliff, would you do it too?”
His mandibles opened and closed and his head tilted.
“…Empress Nsiia. That statement presupposes that I had not already leapt first to secure the way.”
It was an objectively hilarious statement, but he said it so seriously that it was dismaying instead to hear. Femithain shook his head slightly.
“Adventurer Ksmvr. I myself find endless passion in solitary activities, but even without my position, I find time to socialize with my friends and partake in entertainment. A life without any kind of diversions for their own sake sounds detrimental.”
