8.37 H
Page 34
In the last minute of the great [Paladin]’s life, as she faced down her death, she had not reached for her weapon. Mainly because someone had run off with it.
The [Paladin]’s sword burned the instant it met the air. Ksmvr remembered the moment. The Dullahan woman had turned and grinned at him.
“Take it.”
The radiance hurt the eyes of all who saw it. Except his. A terrifying glow. A weapon from a different era.
The death of the Putrid One. A…gift.
“Stand aside or perish. This blade was meant to slay monsters, not you.”
The people and Golems both fell aside. Ksmvr walked forwards. He strode past Femithain, then stopped. Came back.
“My thanks, Magus-Crafter. But from here on out, my team is my goal. If you stand in my way, we are enemies. Please remember that. I know you have a good memory. I will only go to the border with the horse.”
Then he leapt away, sword glowing in the night. Femithain stood, speechless, as the Gold-rank adventurer departed the city.
 
——
 
Ksmvr raced over sand with the Golem Horse, knowing that behind him lay chaos. He had almost debated leaving the sword where it was. It was too grand for him. Yvlon deserved it, or Pisces, perhaps.
He would be pursued, but his enemy was Roshal. He needed the blade.
The Antinium was headed west, on a direct course after Pisces. He had thought about Yvlon—but Pisces was in the most danger if he was right. Ksmvr had heard Roshal was a…bad place.
To the west lay Tiqr. To the southwest, Savere, along the coast. Further still, and his target, the caravan where Pisces was held captive. So it made sense Ksmvr’s movements could be anticipated in some ways. Anyone heading to Tiqr or Roshal would take the same path.
“…Nevertheless. I am a bit displeased.”
The Antinium slid from the back of his Golem Horse. The glowing-eyed, ceramic beast was not comfortable to ride. Ksmvr would move fast on his feet, anyways. He let it trot back the way it had come.
Illivere probably had ways to recall it, anyways. Then the [Skirmisher] turned.
A panting mare let a figure slide to the ground. Then Ksmvr heard a meow. He stared accusingly at Nsiia of Tiqr.
“Why did you bring her?”
“She came along. I thought you’d come this way.”
The [Empress of Beasts] returned Ksmvr’s glare. The [Skirmisher] saw her eyes lock onto his sword. She stared at it, even though she had already seen it.
“I thought you said that you would not aid me, Ksmvr of the Horns of Hammerad.”
She still looked confused. Ksmvr huffed.
“…I hoped you would cause sufficient distraction for me to make my escape. I did not anticipate us taking the exact same escape route. You will go that way, and I will go that way. I do not need to be caught up in your affairs.”
He pointed northwest, while he took the road. Nsiia didn’t budge, so Ksvmr flapped all three hands.
“Shoo. Shoo.”
Yinah leapt down to nuzzle his leg. Ksmvr bent to scratch her behind the ears. Nsiia studied him.
“You didn’t explain fully why, at the time.”
She touched her throat. The collar was gone. It could have held a lesser Djinni, but the sword had sliced through it, of course. Ksmvr admired the blade. Not silver. Actually, goldish, except for the edge. It had a dark stain, even now. The Putrid One’s blood? He had managed to get it to stop shining so brightly.
He glanced up. Nsiia was waiting. After a moment, Ksmvr straightened. His reply was simple and easy.
“I thought of my friend, Pisces, wearing chains. I found it abhorrent and applied the same logic to you.”
He began to walk past Nsiia. She waited, but that was all there really was to it. Why did he free her? Why…?
 
——
 
