8.38 H
Page 33
Yet something else was apparent to the group. If Pisces was the better fighter, Merr was the better leader.
For proof, their instinctive actions after the fight was over stood out. Before he recalled himself, Pisces had gone over to the Skeleton Lord and studied it in dismay, noting how it took a posture like a Level 14 [Caravan Guard], shaking his head.
Merr was the one to get them moving, telling them not to waste potion by slopping it on their wounds. Pisces did the same—once he remembered he was in charge.
“That Skeleton Lord fights…funny.”
Eloque didn’t know how to bring it up. Pisces hung his head.
“It fights like the things it was made of, apparently. I did not think to question its level of expertise; regular skeletons can fight with sword and shield. The [Ritual of the Lord of Bones] clearly takes more from the bones than I thought.”
“Personality?”
The Lizardwoman was alarmed. Pisces eyed the Skeleton Lord and shook his head.
“No. Just…it is a decent combatant. Just…just.”
He began to sniff, and caught himself. Eloque wondered if he had a nasal problem. Pisces straightened his shoulders.
“I should address everyone. Friends, well done! We have survived a battle—”
Eloque bit her lip as he raised his voice. She saw Bearig wince. Qshom removed his head, and carefully put his hands over his ears.
He was doing his best.
 
——
 
It was strange, the things they did not know about one another. Rationally, it made sense. Pisces had spent only two weeks in the company of the others. Yet it felt like they had a deeper connection than he had with, say, the Silver Swords, whom he had adventured with.
Deeper…and still, Pisces learned strange things about his companions. Trivial things that nevertheless caught him off-guard.
After the Goblin attack, there had been some debate as to what to do. Merr was all for gathering the bodies and having Pisces animate them. The [Necromancer] vetoed the suggestion.
“What, the bones not good enough?”
“No. I would rather not offend the tribe by making Goblin zombies. Let them collect their dead once we have left. They are no doubt watching.”
Pisces glanced around and could swear he saw a little head duck down. It was too familiar. Merr was confused, but shrugged.
“You’re the [Necromancer]. Any reason why we want to give them their dead?”
“They are hungry. They will eat their own if they cannot eat us.”
The others looked at Pisces in horror. He shook his head. He did know something about Goblins.
“More importantly—if there are Goblins in this area, there may be an oasis nearby. Even Goblins need water. We should scout for it.”
 
——
 
They didn’t find it. There was no map with an oasis listed, nor did they have dowsing Skills. Ceria might have found the water; Pisces could not. Nor was anyone exactly eager to take a horse and ride around, over a foothill into, say, a Goblin ambush.
So they kept moving, and presently, Pisces had to explain his curious reaction to the Goblins, not to mention the language.
“You know a Goblin? What? They’re monsters!”
“Classified as monsters, certainly. But they can speak. Play instruments. I…did not want to fight them.”
Pisces was thinking of Numbtongue. He shook his head. Everyone, from Merr to Eloque, was giving him an incredulous look. Pisces tried to elaborate. And that meant telling them about Rags, the little Goblin whom he’d taught basic spellcraft to.
The others listened solemnly, shaking their heads, but listening. And Pisces felt surprised, because he had shared that. Somehow, he had forgotten how they all saw Goblins.
