8.38 H
Page 44
“Don’t say that. You don’t have to do anything like that.”
“Don’t lie about what I have. I can’t go back home and just start over, Pisces. I don’t know where to begin.”
She shook her head. Pisces hesitated, rocking on his heels. He hadn’t thought what would happen to them after they got to safety. That was what mattered, but what could he tell Eloque?
“I would make sure you reached home, in Baleros, if you wanted it…but I could ensure you found a place in Izril.”
“No. I won’t go to Baleros. Home? No. I was sold from there. I can’t go back and see my family, my village…”
Eloque whispered. Pisces looked at her, and the hairs on the back of his neck prickled.
“Did they…?”
He caught himself, but Eloque’s bright-eyed gaze fixed him like a beacon.
“Did they sell me? Did they sell me as a [Slave]? No, Pisces. They didn’t have to. I…volunteered.”
She began to laugh. Isn’t that funny? Then Eloque told him why.
 
——
 
The Lizardfolk were one of three main species on Baleros. Centaur, Dullahan, Lizardfolk. Humans, Selphids, and Gazers were a larger minority, as were the Beastkin tribes. Some Lizardfolk cities were grand, and the Naga, the catchall term for the Lizardfolk’s many forms from Lamia to Gorgon, ruled.
But not everywhere was rich. Some villages were poor, very poor, and those were the places Roshal haunted. But not as an evil force—at least not in image.
“[Slavers] cannot simply grab people on Baleros. No, they can, in secret, because so few challenge them. They don’t have to. They just come to a village like mine when everyone’s sick or hungry and…”
It didn’t take a giant disaster. Just a plague, a minor one compared to Yellow Rivers, making everyone ill. There wasn’t enough coin for a [Healer] or [Alchemist]. So Roshal had come, smiling and offering a deal.
“They made it sound as if it would be a noble sacrifice, and I had a chance of becoming free. That I’d be treated well. I was the most beautiful Lizardgirl in the village. Everyone thanked me, and I went. It was fine. Fine until it wasn’t. Do you understand?”
Pisces did. He felt sick, trying to imagine it. Something like Igheriz’s smile, right until you saw who he truly was.
“I could have said no and no one would have blamed me. But I went off with them. I think about it every day.”
She was crying again, but not many tears. Not in this dry land. Pisces looked at Eloque, curled up on the ground, tail wrapped around herself as she lay in the dimming sun.
Reach out and take her shoulder. Hug her. Tell her…
He couldn’t tell what was best. So he did nothing, and knew that was worst of all. But he still did it. Pisces hunched his shoulders—then burst out with it.
“I—What should I say in this moment? I—I should like to say something, Eloque. But I am not my teammates. They are better people than I.”
The Lizardwoman looked at him, and then burst out laughing. She lay on her back.
“You’re such a bad leader, Pisces.”
He turned red and hunched his shoulders, but Eloque sat up kindly. To comfort him.
“Not a bad person. You rescued me from Riqre. You and Azam helped us remain free. Tell me of something else, Pisces. Tell me…of your team. Tell me there’s good people, because I’ve met so few. I’ve spent my entire adult life a [Slave].”
So he did. Pisces rode with Eloque by night, and told her about Yvlon, Ksmvr, and Ceria, and how they’d met.
He never talked about himself. He was not used to it. Pisces had never told anyone about how he first fled his father and homeland. He didn’t even tell his team his last name.
