8.38 H
Page 7
Khelt? I was just never too keen on necrocracies, I’m afraid, Khelta. Happy to chat with that young woman, but I just don’t think it’s the right time for another undead superpower.
Of course I could teach you how to cultivate Ironbark—I might even know where some saplings are. What’s in it for me? A statue? Hah!
The dead got…greedy. The bastards.
“…It may be I erred in granting Nerrhavia and a few ghosts statues.”
Khelta muttered, admitting her own culpability in the situation. Word had spread like…well, word in the lands of the dead. Nerrhavia hadn’t helped, showing it off, even though it was in the most remote courtyard, strutting about. My legacy remains.
Now they all wanted their life stories re-recorded, set down just so, statues, that Fetohep had to somehow translate from a verbal description into stone. And the ghosts were picky.
Some were altruistic. But…Khelta wrenched her attention back to Zeladona.
“What did you mean, Great Zeladona, about influencing the real world?”
The [Blademistress] smiled widely, exposing a gap in her teeth she’d had since being a child. Apparently, rather than having lost it to natural causes or in battle, she’d simply once punched herself with the hilt of a training sword hard enough to knock it out.
“Oh, you know what the dead say, Khelta. If there were a plan to, say, animate statues to let us inhabit them, or paintings, or…create a gate to bring us back. Put us in bodies? I could see giving you all six styles. For some carefully worded promises. In front of the right people.”
And there it was. Her eyes betrayed a terrible desire. The same desire Khelta felt, even now.
I want to live. They had all heard Erin’s cry. They all knew it, damn it. Who didn’t want to try again? No matter how, no matter in what way…
If I could but move a blade of grass, I would have some meaning in this place where there is nothing but memory and death.
Khelta bared her teeth.
“There is no way save that which Khelt has, Great Zeladona. I am afraid I cannot offer what does not exist.”
“Ah, eh, well…perhaps some lesser things. But I cannot just give away my life’s work for nothing, you understand?”
The [Blademistress] spread her arms, sounding reasonable. Khelta resisted the urge to throw her off the palace’s roof and nodded, smiling again.
Both of them knew…Khelta was telling the truth. But they also knew that now every ghost in Chandrar was thinking of the same thing.
If rulers could talk to an undead in the living world, it followed there were other ways for the dead and living to meet. If Terandrian rulers could hold an artifact still in the mortal world…if [Witches] and [Warlocks] and [Summoners] had once indeed summoned ghosts to the mortal realm, as used to happen in days of old…
Perhaps. Khelta’s gaze turned towards the grand working, and felt Zeladona’s eyes on her face.
“The future is uncertain, Great Zeladona. I suppose the question is—who is a friend of Khelt? Ah, eh?”
The [Blademistress] considered the question, eyes narrowed.
 
——
 
Negotiations were slow, but then, Fetohep was occupied and there was the decision of which great thing to bring back into the modern world at any given time.
The working outside the palace was the #1 priority; the rulers of Khelt had agreed on that. The rest was more negotiable.
“A sword art, like a spell, is still different to a secret like brewing a Potion of Adamantium Skin.”
King Serept was debating with Queen Xierca and two others. The half-Giant was sounding out his thoughts.
