8.38 H
Page 24
It wanted him to direct his mana flow across his body, concentrate it in a single point. Just like…something with a horn would cast magic. Pisces stared. Then his mind exploded.
 
——
 
What had unified them was their unwanted class. [Slave]. They had always been different, but their shared misery had unified them, from Djinni to half-Elven child.
Now, it was almost sad to see how quickly they began to split apart. Ironically, Pisces had begun it with his speech.
Which had been a bad speech. Eloque just didn’t have the heart to say it. She realized she had not expected Pisces to make…any…kind of pronouncement like that. True, she didn’t know him that well, but it seemed entirely out of character.
That he had was gratifying. He had looked at her and she knew he had remembered his promise. He intended to keep it. The question was…who would join them?
The cracks began as Pisces read his spellbook. All was apparently well, so Qshom had taken the wagon back to the group. Pisces had stood up, begun shouting about ‘completely unique methods of mana distribution and spellcasting radically reinventing the paradigm of all [Mages]’, then failed to elaborate.
He was so absorbed in the spellbook he missed the quiet discussion going on behind the scenes.
Sixty [Slaves]. Most of them were Stitch-Folk or Human, as befit a caravan which had come from Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Eloque and Qshom as Lizardwoman and Dullahan were standouts, as was Rophir. Well, there was another half-Elf, her skin dark and hair fiery, but she was not…Rophir, who had come from Emir Riqre’s clutches.
Bearig was actually more typical of the group. A [Cook] in his case, most had classes that ranged from below Level 20 to over it, but generally well below Level 25 at the highest.
Pisces and Merr were the exceptions. However, the disparity between the two was also notable. Merr didn’t say what her exact level was, but it was silver to claw clippings that she was over Level 30 in Eloque’s mind.
Even so, Pisces had Gold-rank gear thanks to his reclaimed possessions, a magical spell tome, and that Skeleton Lord trudging by the group.
She kept staring at it. Eloque didn’t shudder—she didn’t think she would again, not even if she stood in a vat of insects. There were worse things. She picked at the string embedded into her scales as the others slowed to eat.
“We should remove those threads. Unless…you don’t wish to?”
The Lizardwoman started. It was Qshom, who had taken a break to eat the dried food Bearig was passing out with abandon.
Ironically, they still acted much like Igheriz’s caravan. The people lined up in single lines, and Eloque realized they’d walked in a line, even without the ropes and chains. It was unconscious.
She looked at Qshom, reminded of something else from those days. The thread in her scales. She shuddered.
“Nagas, yes. But…”
The [Tailor] had a little dagger.
“If we simply cut the thread, can’t we pull it out? Or is it…”
He hesitated when he got close. Eloque smiled at him, and gestured mockingly at her body.
“If it was easy I’d have done it no matter what Igheriz did to me. See?”
Qshom did see. Each stitch into her scales was anchored, such that you couldn’t just cut one part of it and remove all the stitching by pulling. The Dullahan shook his head; the threading was tight.
“Each part needs to be cut and removed. Pulled out with tweezers. If I had some…”
“It will take a long time. It took…a long time for Igheriz to change me like this.”
