8.38 H
Page 30
“She’s in better condition than you are, Pisces. Believe me. I wanted to be a [Gladiator]—I could have won my freedom. Her? If that really was your teammate, she could have killed the entire arena with her eyes. Absolutely savage. I heard she snapped and beat a hundred [Guards] to death with her bare hands before they captured her.”
“Yvlon wouldn’t do that. She’s the most reasonable…did they provoke her?”
Pisces was just imagining the situation. A corrupt magistrate. He cursed.
“Did they take her relics? She grabbed something, I was sure of it.”
“If they did, they didn’t mention it. She claimed they were all confiscated.”
“Well. At least I know her city.”
Pisces closed his eyes. Nerrhavia’s Fallen was too far away to make plans for, but if he could lead an undead attack…
He must have napped, because he woke up to the sound of Merr’s voice and shouts.
“That’s right! Chop, chop! Come on, fat man, I thought you were a [Cook]!”
“I was! But I don’t cut food like this!”
The [Necromancer] sat up. Merr was exhorting Bearig, Eloque, and a line of over half the former [Slaves]. The other group was watching.
“What’s going on?”
Merr glanced his way.
“Oh, I’m just teaching them how to fight. Might as well, right, Pisces?”
The [Necromancer] saw her correcting Bearig’s chops. Since there weren’t enough weapons, they’d armed him, fittingly, with a [Cook]’s evil-looking cleaver. Merr was showing him how to chop an opponent, preferably where neck met shoulder.
“That’s a killing blow right there. Just charge ‘em and swing until they’re dead. You’re a big fellow; outpowering them is the way to go. No dancing for you. As for you…keep poking!”
Eloque was trying to use a spear, clumsily. The Lizardwoman didn’t have the muscle or training, but Merr had gotten her to a decent spear’s thrust amazingly quickly.
“You have…some natural talent with this, Merr.”
The [Bandit Lady] grinned.
“I’ve raised enough gangs to know how it goes. [Bandit Lady], remember? [Quick Training: Fighters]! You won’t get any fancy formations here, but I can get them into decent fighting shape in a few days. Figure if any want to ride with me, I might as well train ‘em all, right?”
She glanced at Pisces. He nodded. Was it set in stone then, that she would go? Was it for the best? She was…doing better than he was. After a second, he rose to emulate her example and try to drill some footwork into the fighters who actually had held a blade before, like a [Hunter]. Merr watched with interest. Pisces glanced her way, and they met gazes and looked away.
Was there tension there? Did he see her watching him, or evaluating him for weaknesses? Pisces wasn’t sure. He vividly recalled her pulling the chains free in the tent. Why was it harder to trust her?
Perhaps it was the dreams.
 
——
 
Every time, it was the same. Not every night. But three out of four nights so far.
There he sat. Sometimes strange things were occurring. This night, Pisces had a fork. A cheap piece of metal that should not have stood up to any force. Even so, he was killing servants with it. Beautiful, wide-eyed, mostly naked [Slaves], defending Riqre in madness.
Pisces had to get closer, but there were so many bodies in the way, and the blood was everywhere and all he had was a fork. Dream-logic didn’t let him use spells or find anything else.
There he sat.
Emir Riqre. He was laughing.
“Did you really think I was dead, Pisces? Me? The Emir? Come now. Come closer.”
