8.38 H
Page 34
“Well, that Skeleton Lord helped fight. Dead gods, but it’s fast. Not the best fighter, you said? Still better than any [Raider] I’ve had!”
Merr reached out and slapped the undead on the shoulders. The Skeleton Lord barely seemed to notice. Pisces stared at her. He had never seen anyone do that.
The others nodded. Rather than complain about the lackluster performance of his undead, they looked appreciatively at the ivory Human skeleton walking with them. Bearig frowned at it.
“Now that you mention it, this fellow’s naked.”
“How do you know it’s a fellow, Bearig? Why don’t we put some clothes on it? We could pretend it’s a person and trick people. Come to that—what’s its name, Pisces?”
Eloque investigated the undead, curiously. Pisces’ head snapped up.
“It has no name. Nor gender. It is an undead.”
Toren. But they had no understanding of that part of his past either, so the others objected.
“It should have a name. What about…about…well, a nickname? ‘Bone Defender’.”
Everyone looked at Eloque. She coughed. Bearig was nodding as he offered the undead a tunic. It stared at the piece of cloth and kept walking. Pisces rubbed at his face. He had to actually order the Skeleton Lord to put on clothing. But he held the line at a name.
For some reason, Bearig, the [Cook], was most strident about it. He was giving Rophir a ride on his shoulders.
“It is a tool, Bearig. In time—no. If I—it must be a tool at this moment. There is no…force that would give it greater sentience.”
I think. Could Skeleton Lords develop personalities? Pisces began to sweat at the thought, but the Stitch-Man was insistent.
“I name my tools, Pisces. Every good tool deserves recognition.”
“You…name your tools?”
Qshom gave Bearig an odd look. He glanced at the dagger he was using to remove Eloque’s stitches and waved it at Bearig.
“Would you name this?”
The [Cook] shrugged, a bit awkwardly, his already reddened brow darkening a bit further as everyone chuckled.
“Not every tool, but good ones? I had a ladle I used since I was an [Apprentice Cook]. I called it my lucky ladle. Had a name and everything.”
“Oh yeah? What was it?”
Merr was still frowning at the slight foothills for more Goblins as they continued climbing a slight gradient. Bearig turned beet-red.
“Er…I called him…The Duke of Soup.”
Dead silence. Then, laughter, guffaws from everyone listening. Pisces started laughing, and it was so unexpected and unforced. Duke of Soup? Eloque clutched at her stomach and even Qshom had to grab his head to stop it rolling off the wagon’s seat in hilarity.
It wasn’t even that funny, but it was Bearig’s face and the moment and…it was good to laugh. The laughter even came from a little boy, high-pitched, and for a second—
Bearig glanced up at Rophir and Pisces stopped in amazement. He saw the half-Elf boy’s face twist up in mirth. For just one second. Then the laughter stifled, and the boy’s little face went blank.
“Rophir! You laughed!”
Eloque exclaimed. The half-Elf looked at her, then down at Bearig. The [Cook] was beaming up at him. But Rophir didn’t laugh again, despite the delight on Bearig’s face.
His face went blanker. It almost seemed like he resented that moment of hilarity. As Pisces watched, he reached out, and smacked Bearig’s head.
The [Cook] yelped.
“Rophir! Stop that!”
But the little half-Elf began punching, scratching at Bearig’s head. They were not hard blows, but they clearly hurt.
“See now, that’s enough. Bearig didn’t do anything wrong. Don’t—ow!”
One of the Stitch-Women reached out, and Rophir slashed at her with a hand. She retreated.
“Rophir. Enough.”
