8.38 H
Page 13
Pelai reached out, and Fetohep realized he wanted to clasp hands. Slowly, Fetohep did. Pelai’s eyes flickered at the strength, the familiarity of the grip.
“You shall watch from the lands of the dead. Believe me, Pelai.”
“Thank you.”
Do not thank me. Fetohep looked at the volunteers, as the [Mages] moved forwards with the prepared freezing spells. Copies, or close enough to what had frozen Erin Solstice.
“If he lives, your Majesty? If he lives, will you tell us? I cannot watch.”
His daughter sobbed. Fetohep nodded at her.
“If he lives, you shall come within the hour, no matter where from.”
Pelai smiled, but he and Fetohep knew the truth. The six were unlikely to survive. Yet…that was what Khelt could do, that Oteslia, the [Doctor], could not. Practice. Enforce theory with experimentation.
“Conduct the spellcasting. I shall attend. Then—after the first three, the three criminals. I shall hear their last words and wishes.”
“Your Majesty, they are likely to spit only filth.”
“Then that is their right. I shall hear it before their end.”
Fetohep met the gazes of the three. Then he turned as the man said his last words. He watched, an undead’s grin on his face.
Yet Fetohep of Khelt did not smile for long thereafter.
 
——
 
In the lands of the dead, Khelta could not see the ghost until he rose to walk with her, like Erin. That was how she knew it had worked; one of the six had died in truth. She told Fetohep that, then left the ruler.
It had to be done.
No. It did not ‘have’ to be done. There was every chance that a cure could be found without this. Yet how would they test it?
Erin Solstice would refuse. That was in keeping with Khelta’s understanding of her character. So, the Queen did not tell her. The young woman had to live.
Not just because Khelta had sworn it, and named Erin an honorary citizen of Khelt. Because she bore so many secrets and burdens of her own. Because Khelta cared for the young woman’s fate.
Beyond that? Most of all? If this were the hour of the destruction of Khelt, the ghosts would still have pressed for Erin to live. Because she did matter.
The sword of Kings had come from her, and the umbrella that still shone. Their foes had never been truly harmed, for all they had felt pain. But for then.
Khelta needed Erin Solstice to live. So she left Fetohep to the harsh weight she had placed on him. Hurry, she wanted to tell him, but he knew that.
Hurry. It was too peaceful. Khelta had not heard of the six appearing near Chandrar for too long. It could not last. Nothing was forever, not even Khelt. Hurry.
Someday, something would change. In the next hour, in the next year, the next minute…their enemies were never kind enough to let them wait. When it did change, they had to be ready.
 
——
 
“Go, Pisces Jealnet. Never let yourself be chained again!”
Then she leapt into the air. A being made of light, who shone with every color she had ever seen. Flying upwards, shouting with a voice that shook the open air.
Czautha, the Death of Chains. In her wake, Azam, the Aethertraveller Djinni followed, flying. His eyes wide, his expression filled with emotions that the young Lizardwoman had never seen in his weary resignation.
Hope.
They joined the laughing half-Elf, the Deathless legend, nightmare of old Wistram. Silvenia, the Death of Magic.
Literal stories. A fitting end for the madness, perhaps. Never forget. The Death of Chains looked back once, at Pisces.
There are things to chase away even evil. Some people still fight in the darkest corners of the world.
