8.38 H
Page 43
Then the link broke. Pisces shuddered, sat back, and then went to tell the others they were safe. Safe-er. He didn’t want to part with the spellbook, but at least they had an ally as great as Roshal on their side.
 
——
 
In distant Izril, Az’kerash tapped his fingers together. Why was Pisces refusing help? He had been ready to send…
“They have Relics? The Putrid One’s spellbook?”
His eyes burned with sudden curiosity. He had not expected that! Az’kerash drummed his fingers on the armrest. Now…how was he supposed to render aid subtly? He had to find a way to cover for the interference as well. He had posed as Wistram, or so he hoped. But if he took Pisces’ current position into account…
Toren, peeking in at Az’kerash, saw an entire war council’s worth of maps and books on local geography, fauna, recent reports of settlements in the area, and so on. The skeleton shook his head.
He had no word for what Az’kerash was, but if he had been introduced to the concept of ‘nerd’, ‘fanboy’, or so on, he would happily have used it.
 
——
 
They moved faster after that. With less food weighing down the wagons; they also tossed more gear they didn’t absolutely need. They could share tents, they didn’t need some containers or tools.
They had to outrun their pursuers. The group changed course, heading into the Glass Straits. They needed to fool Roshal’s force.
With luck, they wouldn’t have many or any [Trackers], expecting to be able to scry Pisces. With luck, Pisces and their group would vanish into Chandrar.
Nevertheless, despite Pisces’ assurance of magical help from powerful allies back in Izril—that was how he explained Az’kerash—the incident had shaken everyone.
Eloque was sobbing when Pisces woke up. He stopped, a cup of tea in his hands. It was not that she wept, it was because it was Eloque. Everyone cried. From Rophir to Bearig. Pisces? He had woken up screaming or with his head in his hands.
But she and he had seen…they had fought with Azam, outside of Riqre’s mansion. She looked up when Pisces stopped.
“Dreams?”
“No. I was imagining being captured again.”
The Lizardwoman whispered. She touched her neck, then shook her head. She took the tea, gulped it cold—they had only a small fire—and shook her head.
“I wish you hadn’t killed Hrome. Or that the Death of Chains hadn’t burned Igheriz to ash.”
Of all the things to say—Pisces rocked back on his heels as they sat, waiting for the Glass Straits to cool as the sun set.
“Why?”
She bared her teeth at him, her slitted eyes sharp. Her left shoulder was free of stitching, but her scales were marked from the cutting Qshom had to do, scratched up, but she looked at her left arm like it was the most beautiful thing in the world.
“Because then I could look at their skulls and know they were dead.”
The [Necromancer] could understand that. He sat, nodding. Eloque stared at him, then curled up like a cat, lying on the warm glass.
“And then I thought about the future. If we do escape, and leave Chandrar. I thought of what came next and I kept crying. Isn’t that silly?”
“Why?”
Eloque gave him a weary, weary laugh.
“Because, Pisces. If we do escape and go to a city or nation that outlaws [Slaves], where I will be free? What happens next? I have no Skills—not like Qshom or Bearig. My highest-levelled class is [Slave]. What will I do?”
Mockingly, she gestured at her body. She still wore a dress, now faded with travel.
“Do you want me to entertain you? Do you want a toy to stitch up? I can do that. They took my entire adult life from me.”
Pisces’ shudder made the Lizardwoman look at him.
