8.38 H
Page 27
“Oh, perhaps. But what’s there to gain from me staying? You want to offer me some loot or incentives? Listen, I appreciate the concern, Pisces. But I’m Merr the Storm. I could walk off, shit in a bucket, and have an entire raiding party come begging me to lead them into battle!”
She slapped her chest. Eloque hesitated, but Pisces just nodded, cooly.
“Whatever you think is best, Merr. I won’t force you to go.”
“Right. Well…at least another day, eh? Might as well get a few solid meals before I make up my mind.”
The [Bandit Lady] smiled wide, but Pisces didn’t really return the look. Which was odd. Because a few days ago…the Lizardwoman sighed to see it.
How quickly they broke apart.
 
——
 
The break ended as Pisces and Merr chivvied the others to their feet. Carefully; they weren’t Igheriz and Hrome, but everyone needed to keep moving. Eloque ended up riding with Qshom, and Pisces, brought out of his magical studies, began to get to work.
“Does anyone have a map? I intend to plot a course to meet my team. If I can find them.”
“Do you know where they are? Word was all about the…what team was yours, again? I don’t have a scrying orb. You were some bigshot, fancy team, weren’t you?”
Pisces began to sniff and caught himself. Instead, he ducked his head and answered Merr politely as Eloque glanced over.
“I was part of the Horns of Hammerad. We raided a death zone in Izril.”
“A death zone? What’s that? And that name’s familiar…can’t place it, though.”
Merr tapped a finger to her lips. She was, somehow, the most ignorant save for perhaps Rophir, but a [Bandit] didn’t get regular scrying orb access. Which was strange because they were cheap, but Merr just waved that off.
“Nah. Wistram stares right back at you. Heard of a [Bandit] group getting wiped out like that before word spread. Everyone knows.”
“They do what?”
Qshom was startled. Pisces was surprised that Merr knew about it. He still didn’t know if he could trust her. He wanted to, but now that he was thinking of the future, he was aware of the price on his head.
Nearly a million gold. That would tempt every [Bounty Hunter] in existence to come after him, not to mention the Naga and Roshal itself. That was why he hadn’t objected to the others expressing interest in Merr splitting. Obviously there was safety in numbers, but a smaller group would be easier to protect.
Pisces had promised to protect Eloque, and his greatest sympathies lay with Bearig, Rophir, and Qshom. But his team also weighed heavily on his mind.
He had already tried to message Ceria, but she was well out of range of their private communication spell.
“What about [Message]? Do you know that one?”
Merr peered at Pisces. He hunched his shoulders.
“I do. But any [Mage] of a certain caliber can not only tell where I am casting the spell from, but decipher the contents of the spell.”
“Ah. Damn. I could try to send word through my channels, but I’d have to find an established bandit group too. We’re in the middle of nowhere, see?”
She tapped their progress. They were heading into Zeikhal, the Great Desert, away from Roshal, still far to the west, heading back the way they’d come. She spoke out of the corner of her mouth.
“We’re not moving at a bad clip on foot as we are, but it’ll get us caught by everyone soon enough. I’ve got [Far Riders], but it only works on…riders. That bastard Hrome kept us moving at twice the normal speed. So to even get back to Tiqr, the steppes, or Savere, let alone Nerrhavia, it would take twice as long as it took us to get here. So a month.”
