8.38 H
Page 49
“Just so we’re clear—I call the shots when it comes to managing things. You can be the Gold-rank, but I’m the one who tells people where to crap. That work?”
She eyed him. The [Necromancer] thought about it.
“I suppose I can acquiesce. Just so long as you appreciate my unique capabilities.”
He tried, he really tried, but he had to sniff and do that. If he’d tried to be genuine, he might have actually vomited. But Merr just grinned and laughed. Pisces sniffed again, and it was…good. Not a nasal problem, just an old tic.
“That sniffing thing you do.”
Eloque had noticed. She stared at Pisces. He gave her a supercilious look. Expectantly. He waited for her to tell him how annoying it was, or to call him to task on his arrogance. Or…
The Lizardwoman clapped her hands together, delighted.
“Qshom! Bearig! Did you hear that? The sound Pisces makes? With his nose? I love noses. They’re so weird! That is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen!”
The Lizardwoman, who did not actually have a nose, peered at Pisces.
“Do it again, please? Why are you doing that?”
The [Necromancer] turned beet red. Merr threw her head back to laugh. And all was well. Today…
All was well.
 
 
Author’s Note: I did not get to where I wanted! To be fair, I had a huge list of notes, and I missed the last bit only, but I did not write 36,000 words. Just 30,000. I’m sorry. I’ve clearly lost my edge.
But this is the promised Horns arc from the side story poll. We are not done! But we will move onto other stories and come back rather than focus onwards.
What does the future hold? More sniffing, probably. And on the 24th! The Kickstarter for the full The Last Tide comic! I will probably talk about it more then…a chapter will be out on the day. I hope you enjoyed this one and I will see you next time!
Thanks for reading.
 
Stream Art and Ryoka Emote by Bobo Plushie!


Twitter: https://twitter.com/Bobo_Snofo
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/boboplushie


















 
 
Yisame by Lanrae!

 
Fortress of The Ice Queen by Blueboyv1!

 

