8.38 H
Page 46
“Giant crabs with shells like rocks roam the area. Shield Spiders, which make nests in the grass and wait for prey to fall in. Even trees that explode when you come too near. It is not safe, you see? But a city sits in the middle of this valley. Liscor. A small city by some accounts, but with…decent people.”
Faces flickered past them. A running little white Gnoll. A [Shopkeeper]. A Drake rolling her eyes. Pisces’ gaze lingered on each one. Then the images changed.
Everyone watched. Even the group that had snuck up on the caravan. Spellbound.
“On a hill outside the city of Liscor, there is an inn. It has a sign out front. If you choose to read it—which not many do—it has a strange inscription. ‘No killing Goblins’. And should you venture inside, you might meet an [Innkeeper]. If you do…your days will never be entirely boring. Not always dangerous or exciting—often, but not always. But you will be safe. Safe, for a given value of the word. Even so. I call it home. I have known nowhere else as fine.”
“What is the inn called?”
It was an obvious question. Pisces smiled.
“The Wandering Inn. It is a strange place. How can I explain it. It was destroyed, rebuilt…three times? There is a tower with an Antinium keeping watch named Bird, who eats birds. If you sit down, you can order a drink of…Blue Fruit Juice. Or a cookie. Or a bowl of flies. But be warned, if you sit too long over your food, a little Gnoll child might try to steal it. And there is a garden and…”
His smile faded. For a second, Eloque saw a frozen bier and a figure—but then it was gone, and Pisces was talking about a drink named a Minotaur’s Punch. Plays.
He did not tell them the truth, because the truth was that the inn was not complete as it was. He told them how it should be, and the vision of the inn, his home, filled their heads.
“So that’s where we’re going?”
Bearig looked at the idea. It seemed so far away. But so welcoming. It was good enough to aim at. Pisces nodded.
“However far it may be, that is where I will one day go. You are free to join me.”
He looked at that fragile image of the inn. And wondered if it would be that way when he returned, or if he would have to find a way to bring it back. Someone sighed.
“Not a bad dream, Pisces. Not a bad dream for a [Necromancer]. I thought you were all cynical lots, but I’ve only ever known [Bandits]. Better than any home I’ve known.”
He spun. And there they were, appearing out of the darkness.
Merr the Storm. And…nearly a hundred plus [Bandits].
Pisces’ hand stole to his sword. Eloque gasped.
“Merr!”
The [Bandit Lady] grinned. Pisces stared at the small army behind her. How had she…?
“Found a local bandit group. We hit two spots, got our feet under us. Told you all I needed was a bucket. Hey! Break out the drink!”
Merr waved a hand. There was a shout, and the group, filled with the same people who’d left with Merr, dipped into a keg recently looted.
“But how…?”
“[Raiding Opportunities]. You knew I could tell where good stuff was, couldn’t you?”
Merr winked. She saw Pisces still eying her.
“Don’t be like that, Pisces. We just came by to see if anyone else wanted to join up. Besides—we’re flush with food and loot, so I’m feeling generous. Actually…”
She glanced at Eloque and Pisces and then coughed.
“…I thought we could trade.”
“Trade?”
Pisces’ eyes narrowed suspiciously. What did he have to trade? Merr shrugged.
