8.38 H
Page 25
Eloque whispered. She began to shudder—until Qshom laid a gauntleted hand on her arm. His metal was plain, but it was steel, and his fingers were deft, a [Tailor]’s careful fingers, as he dug at the first row of thread.
“If it will take a long time, we can begin now. Unless you’d like to wait?”
The Lizardwoman looked at him, then shook her head wordlessly.
“Start with my hand. Please. Thank you.”
Merr the Storm watched as the two began to work during the rest period. Her eyes found Bearig, offering Rophir some bread dipped in honey, the other people eating, scarfing down food and going for seconds, and Pisces, engrossed in his work.
“Hey, Pisces. Are we rationing food?”
She called out. The [Necromancer] looked up, realized they’d stopped, and jumped to his feet.
“Yes. Hold off on eating. I appreciate that we are freed, but let’s limit our portions to…”
He strode over, checking how much each person ate. Merr watched him a second, then turned to Eloque. She squatted down, sighed, and rubbed a hand through her hair.
Dark hair, sable eyes, and a faint streak of red from the roots; a natural dye like many had. Well…among some species. Hair fascinated Eloque, who had none.
“Dead damned gods. What am I going to do next?”
The little question was everything. Qshom and Eloque stopped. Bearig glanced up and everyone in earshot seemed to lean over to Merr.
“What are you going to do next, Merr? That is…surely you of all of us will have the easiest time. You don’t have to go with Pisces. You’re a [Bandit].”
Eloque hadn’t meant to be rude. The way Merr stiffened told her she had been. Merr glanced at Pisces.
“Yeah, well, he’s right that he’s got the levels and the undead to protect you all. A Skeleton Lord? If I was a [Bandit Leader] and I saw that thing I’d run so fast the other way…if I’m not needed, I reckon I could head off. Today. Now, even. What would you say to that, Pisces? Any objections if some of us just headed off?”
Everyone looked at Pisces. He turned slowly to Merr, met her gaze, and nodded after a beat.
“…If you wish to go, I will not stop you. But I have promised to keep everyone here safe. No matter who you are, we are united in our past.”
Again, the [Bandit Lady] paused. She slapped her knees with a loud laugh.
“Fair enough. But dead gods, let’s say I do leave. What will I do? Go back to raiding? I…I don’t know. We’re all former [Slaves]. We’ll be hunted.”
That was true too. Bearig glanced at his hands.
“I have a family in Nerrhavia’s Fallen.”
“Then you’d better figure out how to get word to them, but don’t think of ever going, [Cook]. They might turn you in, or they might be arrested for harboring a [Slave]. There are few ways to win freedom, but killing a [Slave Master] and running just means you’re dead…or when they catch you, you’ll wish you were.”
Merr drew a finger across her neck. A moan rose from a few voices, but Pisces interrupted.
“That will not happen.”
She just shrugged.
“Doesn’t change the fact that no one will find work the length and breadth of Chandrar, save for a few places. And even then, if Roshal sends agents…better to run across the sea, yeah.”
“There are [Slavers] in Baleros, though, and I know they go everywhere. Is anywhere safe from Roshal?”
Qshom muttered. Pisces turned to him.
“There is.”
Eloque watched his face. How could he be so sure? He had said he knew of a place that was safe. Home? Where was that? Before he could elaborate though, Merr jabbed her chest.
