8.38 H
Page 5
Each one could, theoretically, then pass on said knowledge to the living world. Every [Assassin] in existence would trade someone else’s testicles and left hand for that knowledge. Imagine what you could create?
Well, one did not have to imagine. Queen Khelta of Khelt stood, watching the magical construction at work. Her mind raced.
Potions from the [Sages] of Chandrar, who had mastered turning sand to gold as a warmup, who had created tonics to reverse aging, created forms of limited immortality, and changed any aspect of the body they wished.
Spells from the masters of magic that had once broken dimensions apart and slain magic itself.
Techniques from warriors who had battled Dragons.
All of which she could gift Khelt now. Create in it a kind of mastery—or at least, the knowledge of said masteries—that had never existed in any age.
She turned to her guest of the moment. A [Swordmistress of Ancients], who had mastered six styles of blade school, each with their unique Skills and Sword Arts.
“…As you see, Zeladona, now is not the time to withhold any act. Now is a time of legends once more. I ask you—in the name of your story, which once shook every continent—grant my scion, my ruler, Fetohep of Khelt, the grace of one of your great schools of blades! He will recreate a school of [Blademasters] who will bear your name into future generations.”
The [Blademistress of Ancients], Zeladona, who had been so old she had been literally turning to dust, was the young woman who had first mastered all these arts. She appeared as she wanted to be, and the radiance of her soul might have eclipsed even Khelta’s. A bit.
She fingered the useless memory of a weapon at her side, one of the varied swords she had carried and used. She looked at Khelt, and then at Khelta.
Betimes, Khelta wore a headdress of bone and light, free clothing that revealed sections of her arms, a cut dress to allow free movement in the heat, but still a dark purple, like the [Necromancers] of her time.
Other times she was older, wearing garments of state, or armor—also of strange ivories not always pale white—as she changed in age.
Most often though, she matched the age of those she talked with, so the young woman wearing the light clothing and bone earring would have been an odd, but similarly-aged pair with the [Blademistress] who sat lightly, legs waving in the air on the ledge of the palace, the Dragonbone sword slung across her lower back, ready to be drawn in a moment, her Wyvern-scale armor glinting in an imaginary light.
Zeladona’s reply, when it came, was simple.
“…That is all very well and good, great Khelta. And I do not mistake the favor you and your peers have done for us all in warding Chandrar. However, it seems to me that for me to unveil one of the ancient styles that even Dragons used, and which ruled the entire world when I was young…some due compensation might be in order, ah, eh?”
She smiled, using the expression of her era. Ah, eh?
Khelta’s eager smile waned. Zeladona glanced meaningfully down at the city.
“I’ve…heard there might be a statue or two for some favors done. A statue is all very well and good. But for the greatest sword style of my time…perhaps a book? Come to that, I’ve heard tales about certain ghosts who might be on a short list to…influence…the real world. I would like a few promises, perhaps with witnesses? Then we can talk.”
