8.38 H
Page 37
She gave Pisces a look. The [Necromancer] stood there, a bit tensed. Was this the moment? He shook his head, slowly.
“I will pass, Merr. I have no intentions of becoming a [Bandit].”
She grunted.
“Suit yourself. But if you think you can protect everyone who stays…”
Another meeting of eyes. Pisces didn’t sense hostility, just…he smiled thinly.
“I can. And I wouldn’t bear you any ill will for going. If you wished to stay—”
Eloque looked between the two. Merr shook her head and tapped her chest.
“If I’m not needed, I’m off. Food’s a problem anyways. Tell you what. Spare me a fair portion—half of what we’d eat—and a quarter of the horses, and we’re square. Deal?”
“Agreed.”
Pisces breathed. It was more than fair. Merr nodded at the others.
“Don’t worry about light provisions and less horses. We’ll move fast and get more things to ride. Who’s with me?”
 
——
 
Only eighteen people went with Merr. Which was surprising, given how competent the [Bandit Lady] was. But she intended to be a [Bandit] and…it just wasn’t in many.
They followed Pisces because Pisces had promised them safety. But what did that mean?
Pisces and Merr shook hands, and Eloque saw the [Necromancer]’s wary smile. She was upset. She took Merr’s hand, but didn’t know what to say.
“Until we meet again!”
Merr the Storm left, with more horses than she’d asked for; enough to let the others ride two-to-a horse. It left Pisces’ group with far fewer mounts, but between the undead horses pulling the wagons, they wouldn’t be that much slower. More importantly, they had the lion’s share of the food and water.
“Is she going to be alright?”
Eloque asked Pisces privately. The [Necromancer] grimaced.
“[Bandits] can sense raiding opportunities. I very much doubt Merr intends to forage long. She would not be this confident if she did not have somewhere she intended to be.”
“It’s a shame she couldn’t stay. We could…have used her help.”
Eloque glanced sidelong at Pisces. He shrugged, but nodded slowly.
“It would have been beneficial. Alas. We had nothing to offer her, however, and without substantive gain…she is a [Bandit Lady]. I am an adventurer.”
“Did you want her gone?”
Eloque pressed, a frown on her face. It hadn’t seemed that way, not explicitly. Pisces shook his head.
“I am a [Necromancer]. Far be it from me to be the first to insult her way of life. It is just…we have nothing for her to gain from, and she can survive in Chandrar. Not so for the rest of us.”
That was true, but Eloque was still unhappy. It was done, nevertheless.
They would not rest this night long; they had to cross the Glass Straits by night, and then camp by day. As the caravan plodded onwards, however, they were forced to stop at exactly midnight by an unusual, and at first, alarming spectacle.
The Skeleton Lord, who had been patrolling ahead, nicknamed ‘Ivery’ by Eloque much to Pisces’ chagrin, had halted. Pisces rode up to it, frowning, as the dark glass covered by a light sprinkling of sand crunched under his horse’s hooves. Eloque and the others halted uncertainly, because they heard it too.
The wind had died down, and the rolling crunch of glass under the wagon wheels faded away. All that was left was a strange hum in the air. Then…a low wail from ahead.
The Skeleton Lord’s eyes were glowing bright. Pisces stopped. He stared as something began to trace itself outwards, and swore, galloping backwards.
