8.38 H
Page 48
“Why should you make the effort? Why should you try, Mister Gold-rank? Because, and I keep telling you this: you’re a better person than they are.”
“I am.”
The [Necromancer] muttered. Eloque saw the [Innkeeper] smile. She rose—and then vanished. Pisces lowered his hand and turned back to Merr.
Merr the Storm. Merr the [Bandit Lady]. Merr the Fundamentally Untrustworthy? One of those things was untrue. The [Necromancer] took a deep breath. Then two.
“It does seem like you have enjoyed greater success than we have, Merr.”
He gestured at the group behind her and the beer they were passing out in mugs. Merr leaned on the saddlehorn of her own mount.
“I’m good at what I do. Raiding. Stealing. I know it doesn’t jive with a Gold-rank’s principles.”
“Really. You thought that?”
Pisces raised his eyebrows. Merr gave him a cautious shrug.
“Gold-ranks hunt [Bandits].”
“True. But I have been…a thief. Many times, in fact. That was not my…my objection.”
“Huh. I didn’t know that.”
And she really hadn’t. How was she supposed to know that? She looked at Pisces, who, in her opinion, had been an upstanding Gold-rank…[Necromancer].
Somewhere, Pisces was sure, if his team could have heard that, they would be laughing until they puked. All except for Ksmvr, who would laugh awkwardly and ask for clarification as to why that was funny later.
Maybe…Pisces felt like he was standing on quicksand. It was too hard. He couldn’t do it.
Eloque, though? She looked from Pisces to Merr. Then she sighed, exasperatedly.
“Why are you two acting like we’re on different sides? Pisces! Did you really think Merr was going to claim the money by taking you as a [Slave]?”
“No! I…”
Pisces’ guilty reply made Merr narrow her eyes. But the Lizardwoman was already looking at Merr.
“And you thought Pisces would run you off for being a [Bandit]?”
“…Well, he has principles.”
Merr looked defensive. Somewhere, in a hypothetical bar, Yvlon sprayed her drink out her mouth, nose, and possibly ears.
Pisces shook his head. He looked at Merr.
“I am entirely unscrupulous, Merr. I…”
He glanced at his own group. At her. Eloque saw the [Necromancer] stare upwards. Then at last, he came out with it.
“Merr.”
“Yes?”
The young man looked her in the eyes. He sniffed, for the first time anyone in the group had ever known him, a huge, haughty sniff.
“Would you…care to join our forces in unity? We could use your considerable acumen. And I am not the most proficient leader. I am a superlative—specialist. What I’m trying to say is…”
He worked his mouth.
“Give me a hand, Merr. Please.”
The [Bandit Lady] sat there on her horse. Eying him. Now, why would she help Pisces? Why would she, the woman who kept asking if she was needed, who just happened to come back this way with food and loot…
In her way, she was as bad as Pisces. Eloque rubbed at her head. Actual children. Lizardfolk did not have this kind of problem. It was clearly a Human thing. A Stitch-Folk thing.
“…A hand? All you had to do was ask. Hey! Merr’s Bandits! We’re sticking with this lot! Play nice!”
The [Bandit Lady] turned her head and shouted. Pisces looked at her. He relaxed, slowly.
You can’t trust her! You can’t…
Riqre screamed in his head. Pisces imagined someone charging the Emir.
“Who are you?‘
“Consequences! [Minotaur Punch] or something!”
The imaginary Riqre received an imaginary [Minotaur Punch]. Which was all imaginary. But maybe so was his paranoia.
Merr reached out. She offered Pisces a hand, and he reached out and clasped it.
