8.38 H
Page 20
Was it a mirror? If so, it reflected nothing. It had no backing, so the top of the book was all Pisces saw, yet the glass did not reflect light or anything else no matter how it was tilted, left or right.
The [Necromancer] suspected a few things. Firstly, that the binding and glass ‘mirror’ had some function he didn’t know about. He hoped it was not some delayed plague-effect. Igheriz had kept it on his person, albeit handling it with gloves, and it had never seemed to harm him.
“That’s the spellbook of this Putrid One, isn’t it?”
Bearig murmured, as he trudged next to the wagon, craning his neck to see. Pisces nodded. He did not touch it immediately.
“By all rights, we should put it in a bag of holding, but I believe it might destroy any bag of holding. Including my own.”
He thought of the one at his side. There was so much magic in it already…Pisces had recovered his equipment from Igheriz’s possessions. Thus, he was armed with artifacts, and a few things not even Roshal knew about.
Like the bones of Archmage Nekhret. Could he use them in the [Ritual of the Lord of Bones]? Did he dare? Would it be a waste or, more concerning, would it create another Toren, only with a Skeleton Lord’s power?
Better not to risk it. Pisces addressed Bearig.
“I would like to open the spell tome, but doing so creates a literal beacon for any [Mage] to see. As it is, it becomes a tempting target for anyone to steal. The knowledge contained within could well aid us, though.”
“I’ve heard of spellbooks like that. Can’t they harm you if you open them?”
Eloque looked at Pisces. The [Necromancer] nodded, and then shrugged, trying to be casual.
“It is true danger exists, but Azam opened it without harm. It follows, then, that it might not be deadly—immediately. I will attempt to read it now.”
“Now? Are you mad? You just said it makes a beacon.”
Merr rode over. Pisces glanced at her and felt another moment of…uncertainty. He began to sniff, stopped himself, and tried to speak as reasonably as possible.
“I am attempting to open it now, Merr, because our position is known. Opening it later would be more dangerous, but we are close enough to our original location with Igheriz’s camp that it would not be revealing. And pursuit is likely deterred by the Death of Chains’ attack. If there was any time to try to learn something, or reduce the spellbook’s natural aura, it would be now.”
Merr hesitated.
“…Makes sense. You need a lookout or something?”
Again, Pisces hesitated.
“I believe I will sit in the wagon and open it. Perhaps some space? If something goes—untoward—clear the area.”
“Got it. Hey, everyone! No…Qshom.”
Merr turned. The Dullahan steering the supply wagon looked at her. Merr pointed.
“Roll it away from the others! Good fifty feet!”
The Dullahan nodded. Pisces opened his mouth, then nodded.
“A good idea.”
Eloque glanced from Merr to Pisces as both cordially nodded at each other. So did Bearig, but he was once again carrying Rophir. Eloque rode back away as Pisces climbed into the wagon.
“Bearig, you may use my horse. You don’t have to carry Rophir. What about the wagon?”
“He seems happier this way. Don’t worry, I can carry him on foot.”
The [Cook]’s sweaty face belied the truth of that statement. Pisces glanced at Rophir’s blank face, but he did cling to the [Cook] and Bearig clumsily got onto the mount. Merr tapped his shoulder.
“You ever rode a horse, Bearig?”
“I ride now and then.”
“Well, you sit like a sack of crap. Here, don’t sit like that. Adjust your posture. Come on…”
