8.38 H
Page 16
“The sword’s nothing but slag. Hey! Anyone have a sword? Even a spear!”
The others looked about at her sharp voice. Merr strode towards the camp and came out a second later with a sword. She checked it, then tossed something at Bearig. He fumbled at the spear and dropped it.
“Merr, what’s this?”
“Weapons. Not all the [Slavers] got torched. If they come back…everyone, grab a weapon!”
The former [Slaves] looked at Merr in silent surprise. Then…a familiar horror. Eloque felt her scales tingling and her stomach knotted with fear.
“We can’t defend ourselves!”
“We damn well can. Igheriz is dead and Azam’s gone! Even if that bastard were alive, I’d skin all of them myself. Just back me up! Get a weapon!”
Merr’s orders made the others move for the camp. Eloque stumbled with the others as they raided the [Slavers]’ tents. There weren’t nearly enough spare weapons to go around, and everyone felt it.
A resurging horror. Would they be hunted? What happened next? As Merr looked around, she spotted a figure riding their way on horseback. She pointed, shouted—then lowered the sword.
“Pisces?”
The [Necromancer] was riding back on a horse. He looked…Eloque wondered if his face was like hers.
Relieved. Exhausted. Worn. Wonder, fading to…no, his was already set. Grim. His eyes glittered behind tanned skin, still paler than anyone else’s. The [Necromancer] dismounted from his horse.
“Where were you? The [Slavers]…”
Merr called out, striding towards him. Pisces shook his head.
“They’re not coming after us. They are dead. Most, if not all. Hrome is dead.”
The [Slaves] looked at him. Pisces walked past them, saw Cawe and the pyre, and halted. He stared down at her body. Eloque joined him, weapon forgotten. She looked at Pisces.
“Hrome’s dead? You’re sure?”
Merr drew in a sudden breath, but the reminder of the [Slave Master]’s existence was deprived of any vengeance. Pisces nodded.
“I watched him die. Their remains are that way. We’ll…I need their bodies.”
The others stirred. Merr turned her head.
“And they’ve got weapons. Armor. Money. Even bags of holding if we’re lucky. Horses too?”
She looked at Pisces and he shrugged.
“Most survived.”
“Then let’s grab them. We were going to cremate Cawe…”
Pisces knelt there as Merr’s voice trailed off. He looked at the Garuda, his face blank. Not emotionless…just blank. Eloque knelt again.
“We should do it. She helped save us. But for her…”
Pisces nodded.
“Let’s.”
They watched the flames consume the body. Eloque spoke. Bearig spoke. Pisces…said something quietly. Merr did not stay the entire time; she had already gone off to grab the horses before they could bolt, strip the bodies, and bring the corpses of the [Slavers] back.
Pisces wanted to use their bones. And he did. The Skeleton Lord rose, and Eloque watched him, heard him whisper to the undead. She shuddered as the undead slowly flexed its hands and picked up a sword.
“What next?”
The rag-tag group stood there, unsure. The fact they were alive after the Death of Chains’ departure was almost a bit of a mistake. They had lived, for a short moment, in the story. But after it ended—what happened?
“I…it’s nearly dawn. Dead gods, but I haven’t slept. What if we took a nap in the camp?”
Merr muttered. She stared at the camp. Eloque shook her head instantly.
“In the tents? No!”
“Not in the [Slave] tents. In the others’ tents…in the damn open if need be.”
“Oh.”
Bearig nodded. Rophir was almost asleep, but he kept jerking awake, tense, then…looking at the destroyed ashes of the [Slavers] and slumbering again before repeating the cycle.
