8.38 H
Page 15
A cloak, to shield you from sand. The Dullahan moved gently, covering Cawe’s body. All but her face. Bearig looked oddly at him, but Eloque remembered, faintly.
Dullahans buried their dead differently. Head apart from the body. It prevented them from becoming undead, sometimes, and the head was what mattered.
Suddenly, Cawe was all the freed [Slaves] could think about. They bent, and someone else went looking for a shovel. It was Merr who muttered.
“Someone should say some words. Does anyone have a pair of gold coins? Damned [Slavers] probably had some, but that’s no good and most’re ash.”
“Gold coins?”
Qshom murmured, confused. Bearig was fumbling at his side. Eloque saw, to her confusion, he was trying to remove part of the string on his arm joints. The Stitch-Man pulled it free, then began to place it on the top of the cloak. Someone else brought over a piece of wood.
“For the dead.”
Merr was speaking. She saw a Stitch-Girl offer her a piece of wood.
“Embers are out. We’ll have to relight the fire.”
“Fire? You want to cremate her?”
Eloque and Qshom started. The Stitch-Folk in the gathering just looked at them, blankly.
“Fire consumes all. It’s the death of cloth, that her form will never be tarnished. What are you going to do, bury her? The ground’s too hard. Here.”
Merr removed some stitching around her wrist. She placed it on Cawe’s body, and then looked around.
“I need to re-stitch this. My hand’ll come off.”
“Here.”
Bearig already had thread and needle. It made no sense to Eloque, until she saw all the other Stitch-Folk taking just a bit of string out of their bodies, re-sewing limbs, but contributing part of their thread to Cawe’s growing pyre.
Remembrance. Part of them going with her?
“Gold coins. I’ve never heard of that.”
Qshom was hesitant. He was clearly realizing that they couldn’t remove Cawe’s head for preservation and bury her body—or entomb them, even re-use the armor—but he clearly wasn’t sure about cremation. Eloque didn’t know either. If this was home…
Home? Baleros and Lizardfolk villages? It felt so far away. She heard Merr mutter.
“It’s just a [Bandit] tradition. You put some gold with them in case they need a start wherever they’re going. Not even the worst [Thieves] steal that. It doesn’t…better nothing than Igheriz’s gold.”
“I have two silver coins.”
Eloque murmured. She fished them out. After a second, Merr took them and placed them over Cawe’s closed eyes. Eloque didn’t have anything else to add. She wished she did.
“Back home, one of the Nagas would…organize this. Have people say what Cawe did, or—are we starting a pyre? How do Garuda bury their own?”
“They don’t. Some cremate like us—others leave them out in the wilderness. So they return to the land.”
“To be devoured? What if they rise like undead?”
Qshom was quietly horrified. Merr shrugged.
“They make sure they don’t. We could do that.”
“No. Let’s—give her a send off. I think she’d want that. I think. She lived in Nerrhavia’s Fallen all her life.”
Bearig murmured. He had been next to Cawe for so long, no one objected.
It was only then that Eloque had a thought. Amid all the people adding something, bringing over firewood, trying to relight the campfires that had gone out…
“Where’s Pisces?”
He surely had something to say. Something to…
The others’ heads turned. Where was Pisces? In the stunned silence after Czautha, he had gone. Eloque rose, heart beginning to pound faster in fear. Merr’s head snapped up, and she abandoned the flint and steel. She searched around.
“Sword. Where’s…”
She stumbled over to Igheriz’s ashes, kicked them aside, and cursed.
