8.38 H
Page 28
Pisces bit his lip. That was unacceptable. They had limited food supplies, and obviously couldn’t purchase more unless they used disguises. He began to plan out ideas.
“I could animate horses to carry us.”
“What, undead horses?”
Merr’s brows rose. Pisces nodded.
“They are not suitable for riding, but they could pull the wagons day and night. Perhaps more efficiently than…”
His eyes roamed to the living horses plodding along. Merr instantly slapped his shoulder.
“You can’t kill horses! If we were all starving, maybe, but horses?”
She looked appalled at the suggestion. Pisces was about to say she was the most principled [Bandit] he’d ever met when he remembered he did have horse bones!
In his bag of holding! And even…
…No, no chariot. Pisces recalled Ceria used to make the ice chariot, or they bought a wagon and converted it to the mobile attack vehicle the Horns used. Eloque and the others stared as the old horses nearly bolted and the new ones replaced them. That freed up four horses for riding, but they were still far under horsed.
“Four horses and a Skeleton Lord? Not bad for a [Necromancer].”
“I have ample mana reserves.”
Pisces smiled at Merr, resisting the urge to sniff. Leadership. He had to admit, though, even animating four horses had taxed him.
My [Mana Well] and natural reserves must not be up to the task of sustaining a Skeleton Lord without recharging. Pisces had a few mana potions left; he didn’t feel drained from half a day and a night of the Skeleton Lord being under his control, so he hoped he could balance the upkeep of the other undead so long as he didn’t raise too many. Even so…he regretted the fact they only had two wagons.
“If I could create an ice-sled…”
“…It’d melt in five minutes.”
Eloque finished the sentence for him. Pisces sighed.
“Or a sled of stone, or anything we could use to create more vehicles with. A sled of bone would be possible, but I don’t have enough bone I care to sacrifice for it!”
He began to regret his lack of magical understanding. The spell tome of the Putrid One had shown him something. He knew a lot of spells, but he lacked the insight specialists had. For instance, he could raise a wall of stone, but he couldn’t make it last more than a few minutes.
Ceria could, albeit with ice. Pisces couldn’t bind a permanent cooling spell to stop Bearig needing water every five minutes. He could blow cold air and did now and then to keep people cool, but it wasn’t like a bound spell of [Cloud of Darkness].
How limited was he, as a [Necromancer]? It was a startling reality check. Up till now, Pisces had just bought wagons, replaced necessities with the ease of gold. Here, in the middle of nowhere?
He looked around. It really was flat. And the further north they went, the more the dunes of sand seemed to grow, and the vast Zeikhal Desert enveloped them. They were skirting that for now; the sand would swallow the wagons and the famous sandstorms would blot out everything. At the moment, the dry soil crumbled with dust, and the few plants were tough, dry things. Pisces had not seen wildlife in a while, and it was usually bugs burrowing beneath the sand, or birds circling high above on thermals.
“Is…is making ice chariots normal in Izril?”
Eloque asked after a while. Pisces heard a snort from Merr. He glanced over.
“What? No! It’s not cold enough in Izril to warrant it.”
“Okay. I didn’t know if it was like Baleros. Parts of Baleros are frozen year round, isn’t that right, Qshom?”
“Right.”
The Dullahan was working on her arm. Eloque deliberately looked away. Pisces shook his head.
