8.38 H
Page 29
“Very little of Izril is frozen.”
“But you said…do you just like ice? Is that why you want to make ice chariots instead of something sensible?”
Pisces blew out his cheeks. He heard more giggles and looked back as Bearig pretended to be checking on Rophir. But the man’s shoulders shook. Only the little half-Elven boy looked unamused. What was worse was that Eloque was trying to sound reasonable and understanding.
“I don’t make ice-anything! It’s my teammate. She’s an [Ice Mage].”
“Oh. Oh, of course. My mistake.”
Eloque ducked her head, embarrassed. Which made Pisces ashamed for blowing up at her. He took a deep breath. Leader. He had to be a leader. He’d reacted like…well. She reminded him of Selys. But they were different.
“I’m sorry, Eloque. I should have clarified. My team, the Horns of Hammerad, each had a speciality. There are three of them. They might be scattered across Chandrar. I do not know. We were separated by a grand magic…”
Eloque and the others listened as Pisces recounted the escape from the Village of the Dead. Merr whistled.
“And this was on the scrying orbs? Damn me, but I have to buy one of them, Wistram watching me or not. So one of you’s an [Ice Mage]?”
“Ceria Springwalker. She is our team leader. She is…a powerful [Ice Mage]. Very skilled.”
“What kind of leader?”
Pisces’ lips moved silently.
“…Inspiring?”
Eloque gave him such a dubious look that Pisces tried to explain what made Ceria good. She was…competent when it mattered! She wasn’t as bossy as the others. He gave up.
“The second is an Antinium. Ksmvr. Our [Skirmisher]. A brave, commendably loyal fellow. Very skilled with all weapons. Young.”
“Antinium. Aren’t they bug-people?”
And then Pisces had to explain the Antinium to the fascinated audience, many of whom only vaguely knew about the ‘Antinium’ being a plague to Izril. It was quite amazing; they had no instant association with the name. They knew the Antinium Wars as history, and referred to them as the Incursion Wars rather than their nickname.
“Who’s your last teammate?”
“Ah, that would be our [Silversteel Armsmistress]. Our [Warrior]—she is a skilled, strong, headstrong…very strong…woman. Yvlon Byres, whose very arms are silver thanks to her class. She had them torn off, but after a battle with an Adult Creler—”
Merr the Storm had begun to stiffen in her saddle. Her head turned. She looked at Pisces, mouth open wide, wider—until everyone but Pisces, trying to hype Yvlon up, was staring at Merr with some worry. At last, the [Bandit Lady] exploded.
“The Silver-Killer? I know her!”
Pisces whirled around in his saddle. Merr threw up her hands.
“You know that rabid beast? I thought she was going to eat all of us alive with her teeth!”
The [Necromancer]’s jaw dropped.
 
——
 
It was a small world. No, it was a huge world, but coincidences were apparently common. As they stopped that evening to rest, and their one [Hunter] went off to find any game he could, Pisces sat, head whirling.
He now knew where one of his teammates was! The fact that Yvlon had never really mentioned him, and that Merr was not an avid television watcher meant he’d been in the dark.
They’d been so close to each other! But every day in the caravan had taken her farther away.
“A coliseum? A [Gladiator]? Yvlon?”
