8.38 H
Page 36
The Glass Straits along Zeikhal were a natural phenomenon, not the product of some great spell, as Pisces had assumed. Somehow, the sun’s natural heat and intensity was so strong in this part of Chandrar that it could bake the top layer of sand into glass.
“Or perhaps there was some spell that began it. Some glass to begin with. Either way—it reflects and magnifies the sun. So it creates more glass, and, well…”
Eloque, of all the others, was the expert here. She had passed this way before, and jumped up and down on the hard glass mixed with sand to demonstrate how tough it was. Like a road, albeit lumpy. You could make better time on it, and the glass was not all one color. The varied sand and minerals created many colors and fascinating lumps of glass. Rarely beautiful; they were all dirty with trapped bubbles or sand, but you could hunt around and find a nice, clear part, or a bit you could polish up beautifully.
“Dangerous as tickling Crelers, I’ve heard.”
Merr had reservations. Eloque nodded.
“We’re travelling at night. It’s lucky we didn’t come by midday; we’d be blinded. By day? This place heats up beyond belief.”
“Is it better to travel the Glass Straits or stick to the wilds?”
Pisces was frowning. Eloque considered it.
“It’s not the most popular route, but Pisces—the Glass Straits are huge. If it’s this or going over dunes…we have wagons. We need a road.”
It was true. Twice now, the group had been forced to stop and push the wagons out of sand. If they tried going through actually rough terrain, they might have to abandon the vehicles and they were too necessary. Pisces bit his lip.
“Are there any unique dangers here?”
“Lack of food. Animals get different, too. Glass animals, some of them. Things that eat glass…I’ve heard you can even find Fire or Glass Elementals. Not worse than giant Sand Worms or what you can find in the sand.”
Glass Elementals? Pisces’ lips moved, but he just nodded. He sent the Skeleton Lord to scout about as they made an early camp. The undead came stomping back before they’d set up with something in its hands.
A giant glass ant’s head. Pisces stared at it and Qshom nearly dropped a tent pole. But it wasn’t an Antinium head. Pisces calmed down. In fact…it wasn’t even an ant’s head.
“Glass Termite. Is it edible?”
Eloque recognized the monster, but passed it to Bearig. He poked the insides, shuddering. The outer ‘carapace’ of the insect was hard glass. The inside? Well, it was flesh, but the [Cook] shook his head.
“I’d rather not try to cook that, Eloque. I’m no [Monsterparts Chef].”
“Well, food won’t last forever! Go on! Give it a bite! I’ll eat some once it’s roasted. Where’s the body, Bone Lord?”
“Don’t call it that. His name is Ivery.”
Eloque called after Merr. The [Bandit Lady] came back after a while with an experimental cut of the Glass Termite’s meat. She roasted it in the cast iron pan, until it was almost black, took one bite, hawked it back up, and came to a decision.
“Right. That’s inedible. And we’ve only got four more days of food for everyone at this rate. Two days of water. Time to go.”
Pisces looked up. He had come to the same conclusion; they had water barrels and lots of food, but even the Chest of Holding they’d taken from Hrome’s caravan had limits and they had yet to restock anything. Merr strode into the camp. All the former [Slaves] looked at her as she raised her voice.
“Listen up. I’m heading off. Anyone who wants to join me—I’m going to reform Merr’s Bandits. Merr the Storm rides again! You’re all welcome in my crew. That is—unless you all want to join me?”
