8.38 H
Page 35
Pisces rode over, but the little boy kept hitting Bearig. And the [Cook] didn’t drop him or try to stop it. He grimaced at Pisces.
“Leave him. Rophir, Rophir. I’m sorry for making you laugh. Stop, please?”
The boy did not stop. His face stayed blank, but Pisces saw something running down his cheeks. Tears. He reached to pull Bearig’s hair, and Pisces caught his hand.
“Rophir, enough.”
The half-Elf tried to strike at him, but Pisces was too quick. He caught both of Rophir’s hands and met the silver-grey eyes.
“I understand you do not wish to laugh, Rophir. Bearig does not wish to hurt you. I know…you have suffered. But it is a poor thing to hurt the people who care for you. Enough.”
The boy struggled, then tried to bite Pisces’ arms. The [Necromancer] grimaced.
“Enough. Sleep, Rophir. [Sleep].”
He began to cast the spell, but someone grabbed his arm before he could stop Rophir. Bearig. The [Cook] gave him a shake of the head. And…Eloque.
“Don’t, Pisces. He’s had enough of magic.”
Pisces lowered his hand. Rophir stared at him with huge, untrusting eyes. Pisces recalled Riqre using magic to animate…and surely other spells. He lowered his hands, backing away.
“Let me. Rophir, don’t hit Bearig. Come. Ride with us.”
Eloque let Bearig transfer Rophir to the wagon. The half-Elf boy seemed to accept riding with Eloque and Qshom, and sat there. As they moved on, and Bearig applied just a tiny bit of potion to his head, Eloque put an arm around the boy.
He stiffened, but didn’t pull away. Encouraged, the Lizardwoman hummed. Then, began to sing.
“Hello Naga, how was your day today? Did you meet anyone interesting on your way?”
It was such a bright, cheery song that Pisces blinked. Not at all like a soothing lullaby.
It was a Lizardfolk’s song. Or perhaps—a Balerosian song? Because Qshom started. Eloque stopped singing, and glanced at him meaningfully. Qshom hesitated, then grimaced and opened his mouth. His head, sitting next to them, began to sing. Call and response, Pisces realized.
“I met a [Wizard], hurray, hurray. And I helped him cast a spell on my way.”
He did his best, but the Dullahan couldn’t interject the same energy as Eloque into his voice. The counterpoint still somehow worked, and Pisces imagined a little Lizardfolk bothering a tired Naga. Rophir glanced up suspiciously at Eloque, but then he began to lean against her, listening. So did everyone else.
“Tell me Naga, did you see a snake today?”
“I saw one with five heads and sent it on its way.”
“Naga, that’s a Hydra.” 
“Oh my, you don’t say?”
The silly little song filled the air as the group travelled onwards. Soon, Eloque’s voice died down and Qshom looked at the little half-Elf boy with some relief. He had gone to sleep, leaning against her. Eloque nodded at Bearig, who smiled. Pisces had never known she could sing.
And the Skeleton Lord, which had brought all this about? It trudged onwards, bald, boney head covered by a turban of cloth, attired like a traveller, so only the sockets were visible. Names hadn’t stuck yet, but Pisces heard the caravan arguing.
Such sweet moments, sad moments, amid it all.
And then they came to the Glass Straits.
 
——
 
“Glass?”
Pisces stared at the landscape, which glittered with unbearable light in places, reflected from the sun above. Merr just grimaced.
“Yep. We’re further north than I thought. Dead gods, but I knew it stretched a long way. This far?”
