8.38 H
Page 10
This next location was just as important, however. If not for the same scope…no, for the same reasons. It concerned a citizen of Khelt, after all, and in her own way, she was as valuable as any other task before him.
Khelt’s rulers did not forswear their vows, and this was a vow made nineteen times over. Thus, the nineteenth ruler of Khelt had invested an equal share of time into this as arming his new great scions.
His subjects were coming to the capital, to be tested for aptitude. Alked Fellbow and the Falcon of Medain had both pledged themselves to his service.
Everything was going splendidly! Or was it? Fetohep was a flurry of mixed emotions. For the greater the deed, the more fell the hour. And…in this case…
“Fetohep, you may walk faster now.”
The King of Khelt had slowed to investigate one of Khelt’s many rooms. In this case, a fantastic bathing area. It hadn’t been the most subtle of choices since Fetohep was not going to hop in any tub, even the one filled with hot, shifting sands.
However, he’d done so as soon as he’d heard Erin Solstice’s voice. Serept had also whispered in his ear.
Fetohep nodded and picked up the pace. He murmured, quietly.
“I take it I need not conceal my actions, Great Khelta?”
“No. I would speak with you, Fetohep. The ghosts desire more for their aid. Tell me…your feelings on Roshal?”
It was a question out of the blue, but Fetohep was quite used to it by now. He responded instantly.
“Unfavorable. I do not like the nation of [Slavers]. If you would have me act with them…”
“No. But how do you rate them as a military strength? If…ah…I were to ask you to go to war with them and bring them to dust and ruin?”
Fetohep nearly walked into a pillar. He adjusted his pace; he was going into a more distant wing of the palace, far from the entrance. He normally wouldn’t conduct much work there, but circumstances in the lands of the dead had pressed him to relocate the project there.
“…Was the Roshal of your time, ah, less powerful than Khelt was, Great Khelta?”
A laugh in his head, a bit tired but wonderfully…wonderful.
“No, Fetohep. I only ask.”
He thought of it, and replied simply.
“Give me leave to unleash all of Khelt’s wonders and warriors. A way to ambush Lailight Scintillation, perhaps. Ample timing?”
“Yes?”
“…It would still be no sure thing. Roshal would mobilize countless nations to its defense. It lacks some of the old legends of its past, but there are names in this generation. Among them, the Naga, an Emir Yazdil of surpassing wealth. There are simply too many nations who draw succor from Roshal. And their hoardings…may surpass Khelt’s.”
“I see. Thank you, Fetohep.”
That was all. Fetohep nodded. Khelta’s voice drifted away, and then she spoke closely in his ear.
“I see we close in on the second great project. Speak freely, and we shall not let that mistake happen twice. And as we speak of it…have you more thoughts to the nature of our enemy?”
Fetohep’s golden flames flickered in his skull.
“I have, Great Khelta.”
“Then speak.”
The Ruler of Khelt did not mince words.
“You stand against a great foe that has come against you in death itself. Which commands power over your kin. Which cannot be slain, only held back, even by Dragon’s fire itself. Six. You tell me six. No names, for that may empower. Even the knowledge of it will be a weapon against us. They devour souls.”
“Yes, yes! And you know them as…”
Fetohep clenched a fist. He was sure he was right this time.
