8.38 H
Page 1
He indicated the map of Izril, along the High Passes, where a red line of yarn was moving in a roughly eastern direction, a bit south, a bit north—no clear straight line or even helpful curve. Yelroan went on.
“I assumed that two Doombringers would be avoiding Gnoll tribes in the area. So, I found every Gnoll tribe with accurate listings or known locations, and marked them. Then I—”
“You found every Gnoll tribe in a hundred miles?”
Xherw was startled, but Yelroan was indicating circles of yarn around pins. The [Mathematician] sniffed.
“Of course, Chieftain! Keeping up on information is part of how my class works. But just knowing where a tribe is isn’t helpful. So I extrapolated. These circles around each tribe are the radius in which they could conceivably move in one or two day’s time. Some tribes have larger radiuses, because their patrols or Chieftains have movement Skills…”
“Ah. So the Doombringers would go to their next location where no Gnoll tribe was.”
“Exactly! I traced essentially ‘threat zones’, and compared them to their movement over the course of five days.”
“And?”
Xherw sat forwards, eagerly. Yelroan smiled.
“…There was no real correlation. It looks good now, but they passed through other tribes’ threat zones and I can’t pin their pattern to it.”
Xherw’s stare made the [Mathematician] fumble over to a second map; he had multiple boards for projects like assessing trade value or other activities.
“To be fair! Even your [Pathfinder Scouts], [Hunt Masters], and so on can’t figure out where they’re going because they’re doing what I am! Plotting a route based on geography or proximity to the Gnoll tribes is obvious. So that’s when I realized we were thinking about it the wrong way. There is a pattern to how the two Doombringers are moving. Just not in any of the normal ways we check—to keep themselves safe. Clever.”
“Yelroan, I have a hundred things to do this morning.”
The Gnoll gave Xherw a hurt look.
“You did ask, Chieftain.”
“I did. So summarize faster.”
Yelroan pushed a piece of paper towards Xherw. The Chieftain peered at it. They were sums of gold and silver and copper.
“What’s this?”
“The expenditures of the two—or rather, the adult male Gnoll—”
“Doombringer.”
Yelroan hesitated.
“Yes, Doombringer, Chieftain. Their expenditures over the last five days. I had them pulled with a little work. Note what they’re paying for?”
“Hrm. Carriage ride. Inn rooms. Food…lodging…supplies. A silverware set? Is there a point, Yelroan? How did you come up with all this?”
The Chieftain couldn’t make any sense out of it. Yelroan smiled triumphantly, however.
“Most inns—even Drake-run inns—will give you the time of day if you send in a [Message] spell asking about particulars. I wouldn’t have gotten all this information if we couldn’t prevail on Gnolls to look it up. A bit of coin opens ledgers…as does the news. It’s that poor girl that was on the news! But enough about that. See the expenditures? It’s not a small amount of money, Chieftain!”
“I can see that. But it’s not a large amount either.”
Yelroan tapped the side of his nose.
“Yes, but now look at the cities we’ve plotted. You can’t tell by names alone, but they’ve gone from town, village, city, city, village…”
There were classes of Drake settlement, although almost all had walls. Xherw peered at the little breakdowns of each city. He still didn’t see it.
