8.38 H
Page 42
Then the scrying mirror exploded and the carpet went down, burning, to hit the ground below. Pisces’ eyes opened wide.
“Apprentice.”
A voice whispered to him. A familiar voice, distant, far, but not weak. And not…inhuman. Pisces closed his eyes as the others babbled, confused. They did not understand. He did.
For if one could see him now—so could another.
 
——
 
Az’kerash, the Necromancer of Izril, was not a…kind person. Pisces knew that. He knew the legends, and he recalled vividly the threat the Necromancer had made if he should reveal anything.
Even so, why did he sound kind? Just Pisces’ imagination.
“…Roshal shall not see you. Their pursuers follow, but blindly.”
What did he say? Pisces gulped.
“You are—generous beyond belief, Great Az’kerash.”
“Am I not Archmage Chandler?”
The voice almost sounded amused. Pisces recalled he had made a point to say it like that. It had been so long. He closed his eyes.
“Of—of course, Archmage Chandler. Then, we will be cloaked from all detection spells?”
“Naturally. Roshal is not a match for my abilities. You are far from any of my…agents, however. I shall send aid if you require it.”
Pisces’ own gray-green eyes opened wide. Now here was the danger. The Necromancer had stopped Roshal, even the Naga, and killed the two most high-level pursuers in the doing. But he still had his desires.
“…As I am your humble student and admirer, Archmage Chandler, I would throw myself upon your aid. However, I would not incur a deeper debt than I could repay.”
He didn’t want to hint at what both knew the debt would entail. Perhaps he had offended Az’kerash, because there was a moment of silence.
“Such aid as I can render is simple, young Pisces. A trifle.”
Pisces tried to smile.
“Nevertheless, Az’kerash, or Archmage Chandler, a debt is a debt.”
He had no doubt anything given would need repayment.
“…As you wish, then. Escape Chandrar, Pisces Jealnet. Your team is as yet occluded to me, and I have lesser interest in their fates. I would tell you, however, to search Nerrhavia’s Fallen, Illivere, and Savere. The spell that went awry scattered your team across a smaller radius.”
Pisces was amazed. The Necromancer could tell their rough trajectories just by analyzing the [Greater Teleport] spell? He bowed in the privacy of the tent, wondering if Az’kerash could see it.
“Of course, Great Necromancer. I…I would not ask your help further, as you have already spent enough of your precious time in this limited exchange.”
“…My precious time. Yes. I consider it—amusing—to participate in such diversions. If you require aid…”
Pisces would place himself in that kind of debt the same day he took up Bearig’s offer to make him fish stew. He was sure the Necromancer was…better than Riqre, or the Naga. But still. It was too close. Pisces spoke, and here he began to sweat, a bit.
“Rest assured, Archmage Chandler, I shall. However, I shall recompense you all your time! We did not recover the Helm of Fire, as promised, but my team and I secured several Relics, as you well know, from the Putrid One’s very abode! I have in my possession a powerful spellbook—perhaps his personal copy! I hesitate to remind you of your promise to aid my friend, but I vow I can repay all your effort!”
There was dead silence, but Pisces knew the Necromancer was well aware of the spellbook. Why else would he help Pisces?
“Of course, Pisces Jealnet. We shall discuss terms later. I congratulate you on your success. Survival is the mark of a true adventurer or [Mage], regardless of the cost.”
