8.38 H
Page 40
The trick of the Glass Straits wasn’t the overall heat; it was the magnified heat as it reflected off natural mirrors. The caravan had camped too close the first day and one of the rays of sun had burnt one of the tents.
They were riding along, taking turns to march on the glass road or sit on the wagon. Eloque almost always had the wagon’s seat, as did Qshom, despite the limited space. Qshom because he was a Dullahan with heavy armor and a [Tailor], both of which awarded him some respect.
Eloque because…she was Eloque and everyone knew why. After five days, Qshom had rid her left arm of stitching. She kept flexing it, peering at her bright scales. Smiling.
The Lizardwoman was in such a good mood that day, that Pisces caught her murmuring to herself and laughing every now and then. He didn’t understand why until he edged over, pretending to read from the spell tome.
“Ooh. Indigo. Nice.”
…What? Every few minutes, Eloque would point to something, chortle to herself.
“Indigo! Indigo. Mm…no, that’s violet. Aha, indigo!”
The [Necromancer] couldn’t resist. He looked at Eloque.
“Are you…enamoured with the color indigo, Eloque?”
She jumped and blushed.
“It’s a nice color! You don’t see much in Chandrar—I always pass the time by looking for it.”
Pisces raised a finger. He scratched at his temple.
“Always?”
“Yep.”
One of the [Slaves] who had been part of Igheriz’s caravan for a long time nodded. Pisces looked at him.
Always?
“Indigo! Look!”
Eloque chortled, pointing out a bit of fused glass with every sign of genuine joy. Pisces stared at the patch of indigo amid orange-yellow glass, from some kind of mineral. He looked at Eloque. Her indigo-spotting habit was…the most annoying thing he had experienced since coming to Chandrar.
 
——
 
Mundanity did not last long. Pisces was riding at the head of the caravan, well away from Eloque’s chortling indigo spotting, which Qshom and Rophir had joined, when his head snapped up.
“Oh, no. Not now!”
His exclamation made Bearig jog forwards.
“What’s wrong?”
“We’re being scried!”
Pisces swore. He looked up, cursed, and tried three spells. Then he just aimed up.
“[Deathbolt]!”
The black bolt of magic shot into the sky to no effect. Pisces leapt down, swearing. Eloque and the others cried out.
“Pisces! Can you stop it?”
“No!”
“No? But…”
“I don’t know how! I was expelled from Wistram before we learned wards or counterspells! Roshal knows where we are.”
Pisces was fumbling for the spellbook, flipping through it desperately. Was there a counterspell somewhere in…?
He hadn’t even realized they were being [Scried] until now. It could have been a while. And sure enough—after three hours of worried night trekking, the first manifestation of their observers appeared.
“Flying carpet!”
Bearig screamed. Everyone shouted in horror.
There it was. A flying carpet, and a pair of riders perched mockingly there. There was no guessing where they were from. Eloque felt it, like prickling on her scales.
Roshal.
She was not mistaken either. Pisces took aim and sent a [Deathbolt] flying towards the carpet. The [Carpet Rider] didn’t even bother to dodge; the bolt just soared well clear of their distant shape. They kept following as the caravan desperately picked up speed, but it was a literal flying carpet to how fast they could run.
They were doing something, up there. Pisces spotted a [Mage] and the [Carpet Rider]. After only thirty minutes, the [Mage] stood up. He aimed again, but [Light Arrow] was his only spell with any tracking and the [Mage] had swatted down the low-Tier spell with ease.
