8.39
Page 14
A secret to all but Saliss. His Potion of Time’s Return that Maviola had used to prolong her life until her demise in battle? The Faerie Flower had replaced three of his most expensive ingredients.
That’s one…two…five unique effects, each of them different. I only added them to the Potion of Time’s Return because I was out of damn rose diamonds and mad as a Gnoll with her fur on fire. It was just coincidence.
What’s the secret of these things?
Saliss must have drifted off, trying to figure it out on the couch covered in Xif’s fur because someone was getting breakfast ready. The Drake dozed…then got up when the sunlight hit him in the face.
“What’s up?”
Lyonette, Wilovan, and Ratici were eating breakfast. The [Princess] was red-eyed, but determined and hopefully less nihilistic. She nodded at him.
“I am going to call on Wall Lord Ilvriss today.”
“Hrghgm.”
Saliss made a sound that fit this early hour and his mood. How long was I asleep? He found a tea kettle and, to Lyonette’s patent horror, tilted the spout to his mouth and began drinking.
He wandered back to the workroom.
“Xif. How long was I out? Feels like I got no sleep.”
The Gnoll turned and blinked at Saliss. He eyed the markings he’d been making, the Drake, and the sun.
“…Looks like you slept twenty one minutes. We must have been working all night. Oh well. Pass me some tea?”
Saliss handed Xif the tea kettle, and came back with a biscuit. It was better fare than either [Alchemist] was used to; they were used to research sessions long into the night, even multiple days.
“Keep hitting the combos, Xif. I’m going to look up that fertilizer.”
“Oh, good idea. Can you…mm…get me a restock of the blue sulfur variant? I’m out.”
“Sure.”
 
——
 
Not all days were wonderful days where you followed people around and made a spectacle. Saliss stomped out of the mansion, bleary-eyed, ignoring the scream of horror from an offended passerby.
“Yep. Naked Drake. Nothing to see here.”
He paid a visit to the [Herbalist], put in the order for blue sulfur to be delivered, and checked the prices. Reasonable. That’s right! The [Herbalist] and everyone else was at Lyonette’s mercy.
Speaking of which…Saliss went to pay a visit to the [Researchers] and checked on Erin’s conundrum.
“We’re still working out how to unfreeze her. If you had a gel, Alchemist Saliss…”
“…If I had a ‘de-ice your flesh gel’, you mean? Oh, let me just get it from my bag of holding. Why didn’t you ask for that?”
Researcher Dromenl looked at Saliss, mightily impressed.
“You have one? Why didn’t you say so! That would solve all of our…”
The Human man realized Saliss was being sarcastic and frowned. The Drake sighed.
“I don’t think the solution to the ice-flesh thing is an alchemical one. She’s literally covered in ice. Now, poison, I can see a gel working. Something to kill that poison.”
“Yes. Tricky multi-compounded issues. We’re talking with Khelt and they agree we need a spell and antidote.”
“Khelt? What? What’s Khelt doing…?”
Saliss rubbed at his face. Dromenl tried to explain, but all he got was Saliss’ blank, blank look of utter confusion at the way things had turned out.
“I’m tired. Look—good. You have funding from them, so you don’t have to bother Lyonette and me?”
“Well, there’s always more funding…”
Saliss raised a bag of copper coins to throw at Dromenl and the [Researcher] assured him they were adequately compensated for their time. Saliss nodded. He wanted to lie down and sleep.
His scales were itching. He was beginning to feel…horrible. Not just from lack of sleep, or Lyonette’s distress, or Mrsha being missing.
