8.39
Page 8
Her gaze opened. Maybe she could do something. Now she thought of it…Makhir and Ferris would probably be happy if she ‘hung out’ with Cire. Rafaema had declined to do so because her image as a responsible Wall Lady of Manus would be ruined among Oteslia for a decade or more if she consorted with those idiots. However…she glanced down at one of the rings on her claws.
She did have a trick to pull.
 
——
 
On their long journey, the lowly grasshopper student observed the true levels of sagacity of a master of evasion, trickery, and deception.
Wanderer and Mrsha had been on the move for over a week now, and moving fast. Mrsha, who had been reluctant about the entire half-kidnapping affair, still had mixed feelings. She had to admit two things, however:
Gnolls were hunting for her with ill intent. And…Wanderer was good at his job.
Not being nice to Mrsha, or patting her on the head, or tucking her into bed with a big glass of milk and providing cookies. But keeping Mrsha safe, evading what felt like every Gnoll on the continent, and moving fast?
Oh yes, he could do that. The Gnoll was geared beyond even the Gold-ranks that Mrsha knew. He had special boots, a special cloak, a special quarterstaff, and special Skills.
He could use [Grasshopper’s Run] to leap across terrain. He could blur across long distances like Pisces’ [Flash Step]; even disappear and reappear in limited circumstances. This was because Wanderer, or Wer, was high-level. Not just high-level.
A [Guardian]. Of what, and the specifics, he refused to tell Mrsha. He was thus [Wanderer] in class, and [Guardian]. Of Gnolls like her.
Even so, with all his considerable abilities, the pursuit had been getting more extreme. At first it had just been a few Drakes joking about every little Gnoll girl maybe being the ‘missing Gnoll’ on television. Then it had been Gnolls giving her the side-eye sometimes as they walked on the streets.
Mrsha had realized they were actually out for her when she saw a group of eight Gnolls with bows being arrested by the Watch. Wer had tossed her into a group of young Gnoll children going home from the Drake school and Mrsha had watched as the arguing Plains Gnolls had been arrested after a tense stand-off with the Drakes.
Those arrows were meant for her. The danger Mrsha felt ratcheted up after the second close call. Wanderer had been letting her splash around in a pond. Someone must have seen them, because he had come running, grabbed her, and they had run out of the little forest and seen nearly a hundred Gnolls on horseback surrounding and charging in, howling.
Why did they want her dead so much? Mrsha was a Plains Gnoll and she heard the stories. Doom came to those with white fur, and they were bad luck. Terrible things happened around them, like tornados and monster attacks.
She now knew that was partly true and the white fur meant they had powers. But this level of animosity?
It frightened her. Her own kind were after her, and Wanderer did not help.
“They think you’ll bring disaster on other tribes by living. Listen…listen. That damned Drake did us no favors.”
Drassi is nice! Be nice!
She punched his arm as he sat in the private dining room in the inn of the city of Marwsh, a cat-infested city with a sizeable Gnoll population. However, it was excellent cover; the Plains Gnolls were unlikely to suspect them of having gone here, and Wer’s Level 4 passport had gotten them into the city and even merited respect from the Drake [Innkeeper].
