8.39
Page 2
He held out a claw. The yellow-scaled [Alchemist] and Named Adventurer had a smile on his face, but Saliss’ smiles were not all the same. His eyes were speculative, watching her.
“Want me to bring it to the Runner’s Guild? Or is it the Mage’s Guild for confidential [Message] spells? You know they read them, don’t you?”
“I am well aware. I will send it by City Runner myself.”
Lyonette didn’t make as if to rise. She put the letter on the corner of her desk, and looked at it. Saliss peered at her.
“So you’re going to sleep with that kid. Cirediel or whatever the First Gardener’s son is named?”
The [Worldly Princess] did not want to speak to Saliss right now. Yet, among her friends in Oteslia, he was the only one to talk to. Xif, Ratici, Wilovan, or Saliss were her immediate allies. Mivifa…but she was only an acquaintance.
And for some reason, Lyonette didn’t see the judgement she expected in Saliss’ gaze. The Named Adventurer looked a bit too knowing. So she replied, brusquely.
“Of course I will. If I have to. I’m leading him on.”
“If you had a tail, he’d be twined all around it. So you’ll do…what? Tell the First Gardener you’ve married her son, send an army to find Mrsha?”
Lyonette glowered at Saliss.
“Cirediel has the First Gardener’s authority. Not just him. I’ll do whatever it takes. The letter is…I’ll send it if I must.”
“So the [Princess] sells herself for her daughter.”
“It’s what we’re good at. Or have you never met a [Princess], Saliss? We are tools of the crown. I would have gone to another kingdom to forge an alliance. This—at least I care about this.”
The Drake nodded. He was watching Lyonette. Gone was her carefree smile. As she sat there, Lyonette du Marquin was cold.
Calculating. She did not weep, or scream, or try to break out of the city like a fool. Even when she had received word her daughter was gone…she had begun outrageously flirting with Cirediel that day.
Calm. Her blue eyes held a degree of ruthlessness that even [Soldiers] on the battlefield lacked, to Saliss’ mind. She had weighed her options, the things available to her. What would she do to ensure her daughter might be found and saved? Whatever it took.
Saliss hated it. Lyonette stood to head downstairs. She tripped over an outstretched foot. She didn’t actually fall, but caught herself and whirled, glaring.
“Saliss! This is not the time!”
“There’s always time to annoy people.”
The nudist Drake turned. His own eyes had violet pupils. Lyonnete expected a mocking grin.
He wasn’t smiling. And his eyes, locked on hers, were too…
The [Worldly Princess] hesitated. Saliss of Lights shook his head.
“I like annoying people. Annoying people is simple, egalitarian. It treats everyone with the assumption that they all deserve to be annoyed. I don’t like treating other people with respect because they’re a [General], or because they’re a Wall Lady. Or a [Princess].”
He closed one eye, and regarded Lyonette.
“I don’t like it when they treat themselves differently, either.”
“Saliss. Don’t talk me out of this. This is all I can do. I am a [Princess]. We have always been the currency of kingdoms!”
Lyonette snapped. The Drake exhaled. Then he looked at Lyonette, seriously. The Drake reached out…and poked Lyonette in the chest.
“You are depressing. Is that how you Humans think, in Terandria? De. Pres. Sing.”
He poked her. She swatted at his claw, but his hand was too fast. Saliss went on, frowning mightily.
