8.39
Page 22
The Senior Guardswoman was a Drake in her mid-forties. She wasn’t stupid, which was worse. The [Innkeeper] put together the clues, same as her. He glanced surreptitiously upstairs and lowered his voice.
“They’re right up…Ancestors, in my inn? W-what should we…?”
“We’ll handle that, Innkeeper. If this is the Mrsha from Liscor, we’ll handle it.”
“And the Gnolls?”
An apprehensive look Mrsha heard in the voice. She tensed by the back door. Wer! She’d rapped hard on his door, but she hadn’t been able to speak. And by the time he’d come to the door…
The Gnoll was a silent figure from the second story window. Mrsha had the view from the outside. She could see into the hallway, and the common room where some of the Plains Gnolls were standing.
They were sniffing the air, getting her scent. How had they known to come to Marwsh? Were they in every city in the region? But why this inn?
Someone had been clever. Cleverer than Wer. And—Mrsha finally saw Wer glance her way. He was standing in the shadow of the doorway. He glanced out the window and saw Mrsha, although she was crouched, using her [Natural Concealment] Skill as she lurked behind a little bin of scraps left out for the feral cats.
Some had hissed at her when she came over, but the [Druid] had blended in with them. Wer saw her.
He also saw something that made him freeze. The Gnoll had heard everything. He scratched at his chin. Raised two furry fingers.
Mrsha, staring wide-eyed up at him, didn’t know what he meant. Then she looked around and spotted them.
Two Gnolls, watching the inn. And that was only from her view from the alley. Mrsha stared in horror up at the inn. Wer never looked at her again. He just stood there. She might have dared to hope he’d jump out the window, grab her and escape the pursuers.
But luck had laid him low at last. He’d tried to stop it, and Mrsha hadn’t realized. She’d known he feared the backlash, tried to mitigate it. In vain. She saw it, had smelled it when she heard him throwing up.
Food poisoning. His corned beef must have been spoiled or undercooked or…Wanderer looked physically ill. Now of all times.
“…These are concerned citizens. Plains Gnolls; apparently all the tribes are looking for the girl. Backup, in case the adult resists arrest. Sir, we’re going to try to take them by surprise, but I’ve been told the older one is a considerable threat, so what I’d like to do is…”
More of the city’s Watch were strolling over. Taking up places around the inn. Mrsha’s heart sank. She looked up at the alleyway and saw Wer mouthing something.
A single word. He kept saying it, until even she could figure it out.
Run.
Run? But how? They were in the street! Her [Natural Concealment] didn’t extend to running away! Where would she go?
Mrsha had her bag of holding, her wand, and the money he’d given her. Lots of gold. But…
One of the cats lazily meowed on top of Mrsha’s head. One of the Gnolls casually leaning against a wall glanced over, but all he saw was the cat. Mrsha nearly died of fright.
Maybe they weren’t here for her. Maybe this was all a bad dream and she’d wake up in her bed and…and…
If Mrsha were younger, she could believe it. She could have actually walked out into the street and died there, because she wouldn’t have been able to understand how deadly serious this was.
She had seen the Raskghar. She had seen monsters and looked into Belavierr’s eyes. Mrsha squeezed hers shut.
“Just step out, sir. Careful…careful…”
The Senior Guardswoman was evacuating the inn. Mrsha saw a flicker as two Drakes left the inn. The [Innkeeper] was muttering.
