8.39
Page 15
She wanted to come out. Saliss looked in the mirror of Dromenl’s glasses and saw an imposter. Not the one Named Adventurers talked about, but a literal wrongness.
“Hold it together.”
“What’s that, Alchemist Saliss?”
The Drake scratched at his neck.
“Nothing. Dromenl, you have something on your glasses. While I’m here—what was that fertilizer that the Faerie Flowers made comprised of? How good was it?”
“Amazingly effective, Adventurer Saliss. We saw overnight sprouting! From seeds with weeks of germination time! Not as effective after that, but it was literally some detritus an [Apprentice Gardener] added to their own manure mixture that started it.”
“…They tossed it in crap and it worked? What kind?”
“Er…”
 
——
 
Saliss had to track down the apprentice gardener because no one had thought to ask. Mind you, it didn’t seem to matter. The original feces came from an ordinary pig that Oteslia raised; they had used all kinds of manure with the same effect.
That’s too convenient. The Drake jotted this all down, but something was pinging in his tired brain.
The poo was a hint. Because feces was not similar alchemically. Depending on diet and species, it could have radically different composition. Now, just maybe every animal producing said manure had a similar-enough diet for the same effect, but Saliss was beginning to understand something.
Still, the [Alchemist] was so tired he wanted to head back, check on Lyonette and make sure she wasn’t trying to sacrifice her body, and then sleep on the issue. The Drake stomped back through the city, past the gates letting in very little traffic. He debated climbing onto the walls to shout insults at Zeres’ army, but it was too much work.
“Saliss! Adventurer Saliss!”
“Too tired. Arrest me later.”
Saliss mumbled. He didn’t have time to be locked up in Oteslia’s rather nice jail. Everything was wrong. He was trying not to look up at any reflective surfaces.
Anything for those I love. Why had Lyonette reminded Saliss of…? The feeling grew worse, and it was not an itching, it was a sickness. Something’s wrong. I need…
Then the traveller newly come through Oteslia’s gates caught Saliss’ shoulder. And that was astonishing because no one touched Saliss. The [Alchemist] twisted so fast, going for the little vial of deadly acid that made the Acid Jars in The Wandering Inn look like bathing oil—
Still, the clawed hand caught his shoulder. His hand stopped, depressing the vial’s trick-lid, ready to spray, and he saw a familiar, smiling face.
Dark blue scales, almost dark enough to be called midnight blue, but not quite. A familiar scar across the lips; other scars elsewhere, from being a [Soldier]. A retired one, but an old friend. A wiry body, travelling clothes and a club that was far, far more dangerous when he held it.
Saliss stared. It was someone he knew. But…
“Mirn?”
The [Protector] and bar owner of one of Pallass’ most popular bars you’d never heard about smiled jauntily. He winked.
“You’re not looking well, Saliss. Good thing I caught up with you. Stressed? Good thing old Mirn’s here!”
Saliss just blinked at Mirn. Then he carefully felt at Mirn’s face. Tugged.
“Ow. Watch it, Saliss.”
“Hold on. You can’t be Mirn because Mirn doesn’t talk to me. Let me just rip this off.”
“Ancestors damn it, Saliss!”
Only when his old friend, who often spoke to her, to Onieva, more than Saliss, smacked Saliss so hard it laid the Named Adventurer flat on his back did he believe. Only Mirn knew how Saliss dodged like that.
But why was Mirn here?
 
——
 
“It’s not the bar. The bar…is on hiatus.”
