8.39
Page 26
She hesitated, checked the contents, then glanced down at Mrsha. The little Gnoll’s eyes were wide, but the Senior Guardswoman let a few drops land on her head.
Mrsha’s fur turned white instantly.
The sound the Gnolls made, then, was not a sigh, or a gasp, or even a murmur. It was more like a…growl…
Vetn whispered.
“Oh no. Oh, no, no…”
Tesy didn’t understand.
“Vetn. What’s going on? Her fur’s white. You told me Gnolls don’t get white fur naturally.”
“It’s her. She’s definitely the kidnapped child, Senior Guardswoman. We’re going to be on the news!”
One of the [Guards] celebrated, oblivious to what was happening. But the Senior Guardswoman was looking down at something Mrsha was holding up. The Gnoll girl was holding the notes out to the Chief Warrior, who was not looking at her, but at his companions. At the little Lizardman, who had picked up on the growl too.
“It’s her, Chief Warrior. Doom.”
A Gnoll hissed. Merish raised a paw.
“Viri. One moment. Senior Guardswoman, we will take the…child.”
“No.”
The Senior Guardswoman replied. She tried to walk out of the small encirclement. Now she was sweating. She looked down at Mrsha. Around.
“[Danger-Spotter]. You’re still…move aside. We’re grateful for your assistance. This is Watch business, however! Leave the child to us!”
She raised her voice, but the rest of the Watch was heading towards the alleyway, not seeing the standoff here. Merish didn’t move. He was looking at Viri, who was glancing at the Senior Guardswoman to Merish.
“She’s Doom, Merish? But I thought…what’s going on?”
“Viri.”
“No, no…”
Tesy was shaking Vetn. One of the Plains Gnolls reached for Mrsha.
“Give her to us, Senior Guardswoman. Now.”
It was not a request. The Drake’s grip tightened.
“No. Move aside. I said, move aside. By the order of the Watch—”
She raised something in her free claw. Not a dagger. Not a shield or a baton.
A whistle. She nearly had it in her lips when the Plains Gnoll growled, glanced at Merish who was arguing with the little Lizardman, so out of place, and drew a dagger.
She ran the Senior Guardswoman through the belly.
Time slowed. Tesy turned, eyes open wide in shock. The crowd of onlookers saw the Senior Guardswoman slowly drop Mrsha. The rest of her squad recoiled.
Then there was blood. It ran down onto the street. A [Guardsman] reached for a baton. Another for her whistle.
Then there was more blood. The Plains Gnolls were fast. Tesy saw five dead bodies drop so quick…only the Senior Guardswoman sat there, holding the dagger and her guts. She was fumbling for a healing potion.
The people in the street were running, screaming. Tesy was dragging Vetn back now. This—he did not understand. He just looked at the tableau as Vetn muttered.
“No, no…”
“Doom.”
The Plains Gnoll with bloody paws turned to the shaking little Gnoll girl on the ground. Her eyes locked on the white fur on her head.
The alleyway had gone terribly silent. The little Lizardman was shouting in horror.
“Merish! What are you all doing? Merish!”
“Chief Warrior.”
The big Gnoll was turning. He stared at the blood on the street, the Senior Guardswoman gasping up at him. He looked at the others.
“Those are innocent guards! I did not give the order for this!”
“This is your first hunt. Not ours. Doom is alive! End it!”
Another Gnoll spat back. Merish looked down.
A little Gnoll held out a card in trembling paws. Her inky little words ran together, and her entire body shook. Tears were in her eyes.
 
Please, stop. I did nothing wrong. 
I loved my tribe. It wasn’t my fault. I really think it wasn’t my fault.
Why do you hate me?
 
