8.39
Page 9
Mrsha saw Wanderer tiredly fumbling at his pouch as he chewed on a corned beef meal. It was good food, but he looked worn. He’d had to literally pick her up and run to evade Gnoll groups stopping anyone with a Gnoll her age. Sometimes for hours. Sometimes at night!
“She might be nice, but that idiot had no idea what she was doing.”
Wer snapped back. He put something on the table. Mrsha saw it was a gold coin and some silver; he’d paid for high-class rooms, posing as a travelling [Merchant] on holiday with his son. Mrsha was the son. She fooled the Drake [Innkeeper] mainly because he couldn’t tell the difference.
Mrsha had some travelling trousers on, and a smock that Gnolls sometimes wore. She didn’t like both, but Wanderer went on as he put more objects on the table.
“It’s got to be a big tribe that’s organizing this hunt. They do it, you see, because they’ve put so much on us. They can blame us for a lot of what goes wrong, but it means they have to back up their claims. So many pursuers…I’m running out of tricks and we’re not even halfway there.”
It had been nearly half a dozen close calls. Mrsha nodded, writing carefully on a note card. Wer grunted.
“Still think you’d have been safe at Liscor? Like I said, if they’re sending hunting groups into the city, you’d have had to hide in a safe room because if they even saw you, they’d take a shot. What’s this?”
He read the card.
If we can’t get to Salazsar, maybe we can go to Oteslia? Pwease? My mother’s there.
Mrsha had realized their route had taken them closer to Oteslia as much as Salazsar; Wer had taken them further south to confuse their pursuers. In response, he just growled.
“Oteslia? Right along the Great Plains? Why don’t I hang us both? Not that there isn’t a good point—but no. I’m one Gnoll and we need to get you a cover story. It’s getting too hard.”
The problem was it was the two of them, and one adult Gnoll and one little girl exactly matched the description Drassi had put out. Hence the close calls.
Only one thing had saved them. Even Wer’s many Skills and artifacts eventually would have failed. But for the luck.
A Watchwoman interviewing them spotting a [Thief]. Suspicious groups heading their way seeing a fat flock of ducks they just had to hunt. The latest example had been the most dramatic; Gnolls chasing after them suddenly fell into a sinkhole that engulfed them out of nowhere.
Luck. Wer was using his power. But…Mrsha peered anxiously as the Gnoll sat there. He looked…hollowed out.
Grey. His fur had lost its luster. Now, Wanderer produced something and placed it on the table.
“I’ve used up all my luck. Rather—I’ve run a deficit. I need to make it up before the backlash hits.”
Mrsha peered at him. Backlash? Deficit? Wanderer grinned at her.
“Told you there were consequences. I drew too heavily, and believe me, it’ll hit me right back. I think I can hold it off, but sometimes you can’t. So here. While we eat, let’s play a game. Have you ever played dice?”
He jiggled a cup and bone dice. Mrsha blinked. Of course she knew dice!
“Let’s play Rolling Gems. With actual money. You have the money I gave you? We’ll do a silver coin in the pot.”
It was a simple game. Whoever was higher ‘won’, and could take the current pot or demand the other player ante in again. It was a Drake game, all about greed.
There were a few derivative rules Mrsha didn’t remember that Wer educated her on. You rolled four dice; all four of one number meant you doubled your tally, so even all 2’s was great.
