8.39
Page 20
“Mm. Acquaintances. A family friend, rather. He and I don’t meet much, but I’ve known him since we were little hatchlings. No, we dropped by to deliver some orders from Pallass. But when we heard about the entire scene, Saliss asked us to keep an eye on you. And of course, she insisted. She’s just one second. Changing.”
Mirn rolled his eyes. Lyonette was patently confused.
“She? Do we have more guests?”
“Adventurer Saliss and Xif vouched for both, Miss Lyonette. Competent as a duo go. But I’m minded to trust a vouchment, as it were.”
Wilovan raised his brows and tipped his hat up. Lyonette took a lot from that, but before she could inquire further, a door flung itself open from an unused guest room and someone strode out.
“And there she is! Look at this, Mirn. Just like Saliss said—what a troublemaker.”
Someone swept out of the room, a huge grin on her face. Lyonette caught a glimpse of rose pink and cobalt blue scales—an unusual pattern. A tall Drake, with a familiar tail and features, if obviously different from her cousin—and then Lyonette was spluttering, in a headlock.
“Onieva! What are you doing?”
“Trying to rub sense into this little girl. Gaah!”
A female Drake retorted. Lyonette found herself in a strong grip. Spluttering, she tried to force the claws off her.
“How dare you! Unhand me at once! Who are…?”
Her head came up and her neatly-combed hair was a mess around her face. She glared up and met two dancing eyes. She blinked.
Onieva had a pale blue eye and a winking yellow one. It made the Drake stand out, and she already did.
“I’m Saliss’ cousin. I heard all about him. He’s gone sulking off, but I hear you need someone to watch you. So Mirn and I are here for backup. And it looks like a party’s outside.”
“I don’t need—Saliss has a cousin? Excuse me—”
But Onieva was already whispering to Mirn.
“She’s trying to do that Human thing, Mirn. Sell her chastity, as if she has any left and as if it’s worth anything. Depressing.”
“Dead gods, why?”
“For her kid. No sneaking off into back rooms for her. Slap sense into anyone who tries.”
“That’s not hard. But are we going to enjoy ourselves?”
“Discreetly. I’ll have no problem. You? Maybe call it a working day.”
“The things I do…”
Lyonette was spluttering, gasping. Yet something made her stop. Onieva stood there, laughing, flirting with an abashed Ratici and Wilovan, who were both introducing themselves to her. Ragging on Xif, who looked resigned to Saliss’ cousin.
There was something…familiar about Onieva. Lyonette couldn’t place it, but what struck her most was how the Drake smiled.
She had a delighted expression on her face, even as she lectured Lyonette, teased her friend, Mirn. Lyonette had seen it before, on the faces of some people she’d met. The smile of someone just happy to be here.
Erin, the Goblins, and adventurers knew that expression. It told Lyonette more about Onieva than anything else, in a moment.
Before she could put more together, the Drake threw open the doors.
“And who’s throwing rocks at the door?”
Someone had been tapping stones against the door, calling for Lyonette to come out. Onieva caught a stone as it flew at her face, and chucked it back. There was a yelp.
Lyonette strode forwards to see a gang of Drakes and Gnolls on the ground. Cire blinked at the unexpected guests. Then he saw Lyonette, hair a bit of a mess, come out. He saw two older Drakes step down.
“So this is who we’re going with?”
“Aw, Cire. Does Lyonette have minders? That’s so not Archmage.”
