8.39
Page 18
That comment was because Saliss had finally taken in the devastation. Splatters of goo, annoying, viscous substances, snot-like reactions…
Every annoying thing you could imagine had come about from even the most innocuous combinations. As the Oteslians had found in their own research, albeit with far more limited Faerie Flowers, nothing seemed to work. Yet no less than five superlative examples of the Faerie Flowers’ effects had occurred.
Mirn scraped at a wall in a practiced manner, with proper [Alchemist] gear on. He’d helped Saliss more than once and had been a rated [Alchemical Infantryman] when they’d first enlisted in the bottom ranks; Pallass’ unique soldiers who tossed nasty things in your face or used interesting salves on their weapons.
Saliss was preparing a clean work area, going over a checklist of ingredients. He had…exactly half of what he needed. Most of the rare stuff was out of stock or he didn’t have enough.
Fine. That was perfect. Saliss explained his theory as he worked.
“The Faerie Flowers played nice with a surprisingly wide web of common things, Mirn. Alcohol. Fire. Crap. Yet it made water into itching cream. Xif has tried more combinations than anyone else in the city, but I’ll bet they’ve found what he has—Faerie Flowers play well with nothing except for those exceptions. I just hope he hasn’t tried too many combinations.”
“Why?”
“Because they’re not playing by normal rules. I had the sense as I was working, Mirn. I think…we’re inventing all the bad combinations of the Faerie Flowers with the different substances.”
It took Mirn a few minutes to properly understand what Saliss meant. The Drake shook his head.
“You mean they didn’t exist until you came up with them? That’s…does something like that exist?”
“In theory. I’m surprised Xif didn’t come up with it himself. There were magical substances that only activated when you looked at them. Uncertainty catalysts, I heard they were called. Imagine brewing a potion blind?”
“So these things are that powerful?”
Mirn edged away from the little yellow flowers as if they were malicious. And he was more correct than he knew. Saliss shook his head.
“Not necessarily that powerful. But I think…I told you how I just happened to create a Potion of Time’s Return for a fraction of the cost and effort because I just tossed a Faerie Flower in and expected the whole thing to blow up?”
“…That sounds like all your new discoveries.”
The [Alchemist] actually laughed. He was working. Now, where would he add it? After the base.
Saliss held up a Faerie Flower. He inspected it.
“Maybe. Maybe, though…the flowers want to be something. A gold coin, if you look at them wrong. A drink for sad people. Sleeping gas for a girl stealing honey from bees. Maybe you have to want it, Mirn.”
“That’s the least [Alchemist]-like thing I’ve ever heard Saliss say.”
The Drake chucked an empty beaker at Mirn and the other Drake dove. Saliss tossed the flower in, stem and all.
“Well, Saliss doesn’t want to be Saliss right now. So…let’s experiment. I’ll give it three hours before I burn down this house and everything in it.”
“Got it. I’ll set an hourglass.”
Mirn was not actually joking, because Saliss wasn’t. The Drake had that wide smile and relaxed demeanor Mirn had seen right before he tried to explode Pallass’ walls, back when he and Chaldion were really quarrelling.
“They come from somewhere else, if the rumors are believed. A strange people. A different people. It might work.”
Saliss muttered. Mirn glanced at him as he tilted an hourglass over.
