8.39
Page 16
That was Saliss’ first instinct and worry. If Mirn was here, he’d surely been identified and chased out of Pallass with a death warrant?
No, as the case turned out. Quite the opposite. Mirn was happily eating a huge apple three times as large as you could buy anywhere else. An Oteslian speciality.
“This is delicious. You’re not having one? If you go to another Walled City, you should at least sample the specialties, Saliss. Or is a Named Adventurer too used to all the exciting things to do so?”
“I am going to smack that out of your claws and beat you to death with it unless you make sense.”
Mirn eyed Saliss. It was not an idle threat. Saliss of Lights looked agitated. Mirn was one of the few people who could understand why. So, he leaned back, cutting slices out of the apple.
“Chaldion sent me. The bar’s closed. But no one’s asking questions for a good two months. I thought it was a worthwhile trade. No Watch raids. No nothing.”
Saliss nearly fell over the railing they were talking against.
“…What? The old man found you? How did he…?”
“He’s Chaldion. I told you he knew. Scared the scales off my tail when I was called in, but he didn’t use the Watch. Listen, Saliss. He knew I had a passport that could get me through even a siege if I came with his authorization. So he sent me with this. I haven’t opened it.”
He plucked something out of a bag of holding and offered it to Saliss. The Drake grimaced; he recognized the rolled up scroll at once, sealed in a glass bottle. It was perfectly blank but it stank slightly as he uncorked it and fished for something.
Mirn watched as Saliss dumped a potion meant to be paired with the scroll into the jar.
“What’s that? Something the Eyes of Pallass use?”
“Yup. I invented it for them. They used to use just magic scrolls. These ones burn up or lose the words if you don’t have the counter-reagent. Easy to customize per each agent; not like spells. Annoys the hell out of other spy networks too. Let’s see…”
Saliss read and then tossed the scroll onto the ground. It began to smoke and burst into fire as the two Drakes watched. Saliss carelessly stomped the dust out as a passing [Druid] gave them the evil-eye.
“That had better be toxin-free.”
“Sure is. Don’t worry about it.”
The [Druid] harrumphed.
“If it’s not, clean it up. Any animals or plants get sick, I’ll come back and break both your tails.”
Mirn glanced up from the scroll. Saliss rolled his eyes. Both Drakes stared as Nalthaliarstrelous stalked on past.
“…[Druids] around here. I forgot how intense they are.”
Mirn muttered. Saliss shook his head, too tired to explain. Mirn leaned back.
“So? What are the orders?”
“Don’t start a war with Zeres. Some other stuff. He sent you because he’s worried I’ll blow up half the army.”
“He cares.”
“I don’t want to hear it, Mirn. He’s just worried I’ll go berserk.”
“Hey.”
Mirn grabbed Saliss’ shoulder. The Drake twisted again, but Mirn eyed the [Alchemist]. He let go and leaned back.
“Chaldion cares. Or I don’t think he’d have gone to the effort of making that deal and sending me. You look…bad.”
“Thanks.”
“Don’t snap at me. How long has it been? Chaldion must have been counting. Even if he says he doesn’t care…how long?”
“It must be—two weeks. I’ve gone longer.”
Saliss muttered. Mirn slowly shook his head and took another bite of apple.
“Well, it’s not good. Let’s get her out and get you in a better place, Saliss. That’s why I’m here. Orders? I bet that was just the excuse. We’ll hit Oteslia. It’s better than Pallass, or it was last time I visited. We’ll go out and…”
“No.”
