8.39
Page 0

The Last Tide – An Innverse Graphic Novel from pirateaba
 
Kickstarter Note: 36 Celsius or 96.8 Fahrenheit depending on which you use. Well, this is no good.
I keep checking it, but I can’t call it a fever either way. Yet here I am. I haven’t slept. I lay down, but I don’t think I ‘slept’ after two hours. And I already stayed up late.
It’s strange. I feel feverish. I can’t have even the lightest sheet on me. My mind is racing even though it’s tired and I should be asleep to write the end of this chapter.
I cannot. The Kickstarter for The Last Tide launches today, and if it does well, it means another comic is likely to come out, success, work justified for over a year—and that was the drawing, not the pre-production and other parts!—and people get paid, including me.
If it fails? It won’t be the worst thing in the world, but I’ve never felt as stressed as I have now. Even other chapters let me sleep, but this is a big project beyond me. I keep thinking I’ll be able to lie down.
I can’t. So I’m writing the second half of the chapter with zero sleep, and I might crash, but the Kickstarter is going live sometime today. If you see something that looks interesting, please consider backing it! It is a comic based on a story I wrote and both parts, which is the full comic, are finally out. The pandemic delayed everything, but you can now pre-order physical copies and other bonuses like figurines and artwork.
I hope it’s a success. Please consider spreading the word too! It would really help for anyone interested to see this and word-of-mouth helps a lot.
Either way. I have to write so I can release a chapter. And then perhaps I’ll sleep. See you in the Author’s Note, if it exists.
—pirateaba
 
 
While news trickled in of the wars on other continents, of the wounded King of Destruction, of friends and adventurers freed, ancient kingdoms of death, and missing [Doctors], all grand events that mattered, her daughter was still missing.
Her beloved daughter, whom she had vowed to protect. Who she should have brought with her. And if Mrsha died, was dead?
There was no word, but all of Izril had seen the broadcast. There was no concrete evidence of her, alive or dead.
So the [Princess] danced. She danced, from ball to party, a whirling spectacle. A Human, in the City of Growth, Oteslia under siege. Wildly, passionately, laughing, kissing an ivy-scaled Drake on the cheek. Flirting outrageously with his friends, then flitting around the room, sometimes talking with other fixtures of the new high society, the Human [Lady] from the north, or the Wall Lord of Salazsar.
Or Wall Lady. Or…
Saliss of Lights watched Lyonette as she let Cirediel whisper in her ear. She laughed, bit her lip, as if deciding, and nodded after a judicious interval spent talking with someone else. The young Drake didn’t try to conceal raising his fist in victory and going to slap tails with his friends.
When she returned to the more permanent, formal residence they had been granted by the First Gardener of Oteslia for their stay while the Walled City was under siege, Saliss and Xif traded looks. The Gnoll [Alchemist] played it off.
“I’ll get back to looking at those Faerie Flowers. Lovely party. What in the name of exploding vials did we eat?”
“Canapes?”
“Disgusting. Is Lyonette…?”
