8.39
Page 30
They began to realize something was wrong, then. [Messages] began to bounce to other cities, but…what was…?
An attack. From another city! From the damned Drakes! A full-scale alarm began to ring as more Wyverns began to fly overhead. And these ones clearly had riders. They dropped more clouds of dirt over the city. Like a certain Wind Runner’s tactics.
After all…Goblins were good at copying.
Goblins. The first shout identifying them came seconds before the clouds of dust began to whip up. The [Mages] realized someone was playing with the weather, and the few who could manipulate the air began to fight for it. But there was a [Shaman] or five out there and they just wanted to blow the wind.
A dust storm hit the city. The confused fighters on the walls cried out, realizing they were blind to whatever was out there! It was happening fast. They had warning, but they had squandered it, thinking there would be monster attacks. And they could handle monsters.
After all, who would dare attack this city? What would be the point? After all, it wasn’t as if they’d done anything wrong.
This wasn’t…Hectval. Not that anyone in the city even knew the name of the Drake city. They had thought this was a Drake attack, already dramatic enough. But it wasn’t.
The dust began to clear as the first wave of Wyverns passed over, circling and ‘reloading’ their stocks of dust. They flew well out of bow-range, and there were high-level individuals who could shoot down the Wyverns. If they could see.
The civilians were panicking, rushing towards the inner gates, demanding answers, protection. The defenders locked the enchanted gates, looked to their furious leader, who had only one goal: protect the client.
It was one of their [Archers] who saw through the concealing dust and spotted the first figures on the horizon. Saw the crimson eyes of the riders on the Wyverns’ backs and realized the truth, and screamed the alarm that shot across every nearby city. Of course! Only they would be mad enough to attack this place!
Goblins. Filthy, mindless, warlike Goblins! It was a raiding party! No, an entire tribe! They had no idea what they were doing! They were going to charge the walls and…
…And? The attack didn’t come. Coughing, blowing the dust out of the air, the Humans waited. Panicking people flooded out of the gates, saw what was coming, and ran screaming back towards the inner city.
The adventurers standing together, multiple teams of Gold-ranks supplemented by Silver-ranks, enough to fight off any casual foe, visitor, or supplicant, saw the dust clear. Then they saw the Goblins sitting casually behind oversized crossbows, newly-made ballistae, and trebuchets. They had carefully emerged from the hiding places they’d snuck into over the last few days, set up their siege weapons, and now…
“Dead gods.”
A Gold-rank adventurer whispered. He had a bow. Which was nice. It was even enchanted with Longshot.
The Hobgoblin grinning at him had no fancy bow. But she did have a giant Thunderbow-style crossbow made of Wyvern bone and sinew and two loading partners. The [Greatbow Archer] adjusted her sights. Lovely idea, adding a little glass sight to magnify her shot. Why didn’t all bows and crossbows have something like that?
She was glad the Human had thought of it.
“It’s…a siege encampment. They’ve got siege weapons!”
A [Mage] stated the obvious with amazing talent. He pointed a trembling finger at the Goblins. Someone else cursed.
“Fuck me, what’s that? Ogres! Ogres!”
