8.39
Page 33
Redscar and Thunderfur circled Merdon as Poisonbite, grinning, circled the Named Adventurer. He opened his mouth to roar, ignoring the pain and his burning eyes. Redscar charged, laughing. Let’s see how good you are with blades!
The woman inside the inner city’s inner…building…was not in a palace as you might expect. It had a lot of glitter on the outside, but the inside was more like a library crossed with a mage’s workshop. Which is what it was, really.
She was frantically throwing items into a bag of holding when she really should have already been running. But that was amateurs for you. She turned as the bloodcurdling scream from the entrance told her that time was up. She lifted a trembling wand.
“I—I am under the protection of the Five Families! I am a valuable [Mage]—[Healer], you understand? I’m worth more alive than dead! Alive! Take what you want!”
She shouted, then tried to hide behind a desk. The invader, who had halted with her squad on the inside, sighed and scratched her head.
Well, this was disappointing. She whistled.
“Get Wyvern ready. Tell Redscar to pull back. Ten minutes! Grab and go!”
Goblins raced forwards, as three trained crossbows on the trembling figure. The Healer of Tenbault was…Rags blinked at the middle-aged woman in slippers, a [Mage]’s robe, and holding a wand in one trembling hand. She looked like nothing.
“I’m the Healer of Tenbault. I’m not valuable dead!”
She whispered. To Calescent, who was bigger than Rags. The little Goblin sighed.
“I know. We don’t kidnap dead bodies. Well…not yet.”
She glanced outside, to where another ear-splitting roar filled the air. They were running out of time. Rags nodded to Calescent.
The Healer stared at Rags in disbelief. She processed the [Chieftain]’s words, then her eyes grew round with alarm. She took aim at Rags. The Goblin sidled behind a pillar as a bolt of light slashed through the air.
“Help! Help! I’m being—”
The Healer turned as Calescent charged her from the side. She opened her mouth, raised her wand, and he tossed his death-spice in her face. Then slung the woman over one shoulder.
“Go!”
Rags and Calescent ran to the first Wyvern as the other Goblins kept looting. They mounted up and flew, the Goblins abandoning the lightning siege of the city. The Humans were already coming from multiple cities.
Too slow. Too late. It was done. Merdon shouted at the sky, bleeding, stumbling after the Goblins and clutching at his torn armor. He could barely speak through his torn throat and streaming eyes.
“Stop!”
Of course, they never did. The Goblins took to the air, already fleeing pursuit as the entire north of Izril went chasing after the kidnapped Healer of Tenbault. Rags gave hasty orders, the woman webbed to the Wyvern’s back. She glanced at the horse archers and changed their course north, cursing, away from the High Passes.
“Split! Get to Goblinhome! We’ll take Healer! Go, go!”
They were all following her, breaking up to follow each Wyvern or the Goblins on Carn Wolves, unsure of which group to follow. Rags saw Redscar leading a charge on the pursuers before breaking away. She flew, knowing they wouldn’t forgive her for this.
Well. She didn’t need their forgiveness. The Goblin Chieftain laughed. Then she turned her head, looking south. She had a long way to go. But not so long, now.
Time to heal her Human. If no one would do it, she would.
Soon. Rags closed her eyes.
Hurry up. They were all of them, all her friends, her comrades, her family. So…so…
Impatient.
 
 
 
 
