8.39
Page 29
Faster than Couriers! Faster than horses! The Plain’s Eye tribe’s Doomslayers raced after him during the time when he was fastest. Who had to be this quick? Only someone who had to outrun everyone and everything. Who could steal jewels from under your nose in the time it took to blink.
And here came his famous calling card. Only, it came from the [Magical Painter] who called it out of a drawing. A team effort that had given him his name.
A cloud. It blasted Merish in the face, a fog of mist and wetness. The Gnolls crashed into each other, shouted, lost sight of the Gnoll. Then Merish felt something odd happening to the saddle he was sitting in. His horse slowed…
And the painted creature turned back into paint. Merish and the other Doomslayers found themselves sitting in the grass outside of the city as a huge cloud floated upwards. A mocking smile, a raised thumb. Such that all of the people in Marwsh saw it, floating upwards.
They shouted his name. Merish bellowed it as it came to him, howling at the empty plains where the three had disappeared.
“Thief of Clouds!”
In relief? Then they were gone, and Merish was…left with the Drake city up in arms, giving pursuit, neither quarry had.
And Viri, the little Lizardman, stared at the dead Watch in disbelief. At the sudden violence and slaughter. At what Doom was, and his friend. Slowly, he bent down and picked up a little notecard.
He read it.
 
——
 
Bad decisions. Regrettable mistakes.
The right thing for the wrong reasons or the wrong thing for the wrong reasons. Sometimes they were just mistakes.
But sometimes…you did anything you had to. Anything at all. For more than vengeance. For more than hatred. For the only friend you had. For kindness. For hope.
For Erin Solstice. The [Innkeeper] who was friend to their kind. Too long had those with debts left them unpaid. She had asked them, their [Great Chieftain], if it was worth paying.
And as they had once said—you never stopped paying the debts that mattered. Until you died. Not even then, sometimes.
The city never saw it coming. Why should they? It was not an attack at dawn, the proverbial time of ambushes and surprise battles. It was not dusk, thematically appropriate. It was not by night when darkness hid them.
It came at sort of after midday. Right when you were digesting lunch. A deadly time for the unaware.
The first sign of their coming was shadows in the sky. Sentries on duty looked up and murmured.
“Wyverns. Damn bastards. Someone call out if one circles. We have to kill it in case it’s hunting here. Bows?”
But they were out of bow-range and circling before any were trained on it. The sky was beautifully clear. The grass was green. The earth was presumably still earth.
A few [Dangersenses] went off an hour before. A quiet alarm was raised.
Then a louder one. But they attributed it to the Wyverns, perhaps a hunting weyr. Lower-level [Dangersenses] began to fire off closer too.
By now, the city was alarmed. It was on guard, and the highest-levelled defenders patrolled, wary, uncertain. They spotted the Wyvern again flying, high, high overhead, so high it was in danger of the thin atmosphere.
“Damn, what’s got it flying that high? Some kind of other monster?”
“My [Dangersense] keeps going off. What’s…?”
And then something began to drop from the Wyvern overhead. A strange…cloud. No, a plume of descending brown and beige. It took the defenders of the city a few seconds to process what it was.
“Dirt?”
Yes, dirt. A huge amount of it, emptied from a bag of holding from overhead.
