8.39
Page 7
“I keep telling you, you could insist.”
“Yeah, but…I mean, they’d probably let me in, but I’d have to sit there for hours and they’d want me to keep going…”
“So don’t. Dead gods, Cire. Do you just want to be let into all the important meetings but never actually go?”
He gave her two thumbs up and a grin.
“Yep! Unless something totally Arch—awesome happens, though.”
“Unbelievable.”
Rafaema had a real reason beyond evading her captors to talk to Cire, though. She slowed, dragging him under a waterway that allowed Oteslia’s waters to feed many gardens. They talked, amid what looked like a lot of graffiti. Cire flapped his wings happily.
“Oh, cool! You know our hideouts? I did this piece. Do you like—”
“Shut up.”
She whispered. He went still as Rafaema lowered her voice and twisted a ring on her finger. Magic was hard for her, but she was learning it too. She whispered.
“Have you actually gotten that Human to talk to you? The [Princess]? Lyonette?”
Cire went still, and an unusual look of seriousness crossed his face. He rubbed at his neck spines.
“Who? Her? Yeah, we’ve been hanging…”
“I’ve seen that. She’s all over you this week.”
“Yeah, well, I just had to turn my natural charm up and…”
Rafaema raised a fist and Cire shielded his face.
“What? She likes me!”
It certainly seemed that way, Rafaema allowed. She sighed.
“But have you gotten her alone?”
“I’m hoping to get more than—don’t hit me, don’t hit me! No, I haven’t. She’s sorta interested in the group. Me, obviously, but everyone.”
“Well, you need to get her alone. Not to sleep with her, you twit! To ask her about what we both picked up on! The other Dragon!”
Cire bit his lip.
“Are you sure it’s real, Rafaema? It’s been getting fainter each week…”
“It’s still there.”
It wasn’t pheromones, or if it was, it wasn’t anything Ferris or Makhir could smell. It was more like a…sense. The same sense Rafaema and Cire had for each other. When they had first met, they’d known, even under illusion spells.
We are Dragons. We are kin.
It was faint, though, and growing fainter. Rafaema’s only explanation was that Lyonette had not only run into a Dragon some time ago, but actually been close to one. Then…her heart fluttered at the thought.
We’re not the last ones.
“Forget flirting. Just find a way to get her alone and ask. That is—do it covertly! Don’t just come out with it. She’s the 6th Princess of Calanfer. Be discreet. We could put both our cities in danger if she’s a spy or reporting back.”
“So I don’t tell her I’m a Dragon?”
Rafaema’s mouth worked. Cire looked at her face.
“…I don’t. I knew that! Okay, okay. I’ll…try to get her alone.”
“Do it today! I’m tired of waiting!”
The Earth Dragon looked hurt.
“It’s hard to get a girl alone without, y’know, Raf. I have to be suave. I’ll do it! But she is into me, don’t you think? She keeps flirting with that old bag of scales.”
“…You mean, Wall Lord Ilvriss, Wall Lord of Salazsar and one of the richest Drakes?”
Cire huffed.
“He’s old. I’m way cooler. I’m a Dragon. You think she’s into me, right? She was flirting with one of my buddies…”
Rafaema sat under the waterway and stared at a dripping block. Unbelievable. She was finding the first Dragon besides Cire ever, perhaps one of the last ones in existence, and she had to rely on his tact and acumen. She closed her eyes.
“This is impossible. Alright.”
