8.39
Page 21
One of Cire’s friends grumbled. They had never spotted Wilovan or Ratici, but Mirn and the new Onieva made them groan. Cire just blinked at Onieva as she gave him a patient, scrutinizing look.
“So you’re the little brat. Hello, I’m Onieva. And I’m not a minder. Where are we going? If it’s not fun, I’ll drag Lyonette off to have an actual fun time. This is Oteslia! If you’re just getting drunk, go home and sit under a table with a bottle of Firebreath Whiskey. Young idiots don’t know how to have fun, right, Mirn?”
“Oh no. Don’t go too wild. Hey, look! We’ve got a crowd with a bit of flash and glitterdust. Why are we monking around? Let’s tele out.”
Mirn hopped down the steps with a wink at the jaws that fell. Lyonette groaned as the two older Drakes took Cire’s friends by storm. She hurried after them as Cire recoiled from Onieva, then his eyes narrowed. He locked onto Onieva’s face. And her eyes.
Lyonette was all but forgotten. She stumbled down the last step and someone caught her.
“Excuse me, Miss…Lion, isn’t it? Lion Solstice.”
“Oh, not at all. Thank you…ah…?”
Lyonette turned to the person who had caught her. She was greeted by a tall Gnoll with dark black, silky fur, with the slightest blue tinge. He gave her a toothy smile as Cire turned back and glowered.
“Call me Raef, Miss Lion.”
Mirn whistled innocently as Onieva glanced around. Now this…
This looked like it was going to be an interesting group.
 
——
 
Some days your luck ran out. Across Izril, the travellers were in progress. Fleeing their own problems. Problems they had created.
Fleeing from things they had not begun. Fleeing because someone had told them to. Little children pursued by hunters.
Why? If she could have screamed it, she would have. She wrote it, but no one read the little inky notes.
Please, stop. I did nothing wrong. 
I loved my tribe. It wasn’t my fault. I really think it wasn’t my fault.
Why do you hate me?
Marwsh, a small city that had lots of cats. More than that the little Gnoll girl hadn’t had time to uncover. A place with stories of its own, but they hadn’t bothered to learn them either.
Wer was stumbling out of his room, leaning on a wall, looking up, cursing under his breath. Mrsha slowly crept out of the inn’s back door. She could hear, with crystal clarity, the voices from the group talking to the [Innkeeper] below.
“An older Gnoll man and a little girl? I…I don’t know. He said it was his son, Senior Guardswoman.”
“Ah. And did you ever hear the little Gnoll speak?”
“No. No. Now that you mention it…”
Mrsha had heard them come in. It had been just…chance. Wer was dozing, exhausted, after ‘replenishing’ some of his luck over their lunch. She had seen a group coming towards the inn and somehow, with that terrible intuition, had known who they were.
It wasn’t hard to deduce. The Watch Officer? The Drake with the bright azure breastplate and a shiny badge like Relc’s? She was the part that fit, and so was her squad of six.
The group of eighteen Plains Gnolls were the odd ones out. They were practically naked compared to the City Gnolls, each one carrying a weapon or two at their sides, along with a bow on their backs or throwing javelins.
A hunting party. But not one Mrsha was used to. Each tribe had its peculiarities. Yet she sensed the magic coming from the painted markings on each one.
[Shamanic Warriors]. They weren’t just strolling around, either. They came after the Watch patrol, which was either there to aid or escort them. Mrsha wasn’t sure which.
