8.39
Page 13
“This is even more valuable than we thought, Saliss. It might actually become a classified material.”
“Good luck on stopping the spread. There have to be cuttings we missed. It’ll spread, even if Pallass and Oteslia lock down all purchases.”
“Saliss! This will change the world!”
“Yes. Maybe.”
The Faerie Flowers were still in short supply. The Wandering Inn had lost all but a single patch, somehow, and the ones in Oteslia refused to germinate in plenty.
As befit something this powerful. Saliss still had yet to really figure out what they did, though. He kept trying to distill their effects, but the effect changed so much!
If you burned it, soporific. If you put it in alcohol, hallucinogenic. If you put it in water? Irritant! And even Saliss’ own remedies hadn’t stopped the itching on his scales.
It was a powerful, unpredictable booster. But what Saliss didn’t like was…
Alcohol had an amazingly beneficial effect and Erin Solstice was as dumb as someone hucking rocks at a Troll for even trying that without taking precautions. But it worked! Her Minotaur’s Punch and Faerie Flower drinks were beautiful. Wonderful.
Same with Lyonette burning the flowers to confuse the damn bees. Both effects—beneficial. When Xif and I tried it in water, we got the most annoying itch possible. In fat? Mild explosive and terrible smell, but doesn’t actually do much damage; just spits fat everywhere and is a huge mess.
“How’s the reagent with Eir Gel coming?”
“…I think I created a new way to stink up the world.”
Saliss had nose-plugs in, but he could smell the noxious combination. He eyed Xif’s other vials.
“Honey?”
They were trying basic reagents to ‘combine up’, a term for unlocking better potions. In theory, they started with alcohol or smoke, distilled that, and created a more powerful hallucinogen or other effect. Each thing they’d made had more magical power than it should.
But except for the alcohol and smoke, all the effects had been useless.
Stink! Or an amazingly hard, glue-like substance from the base of mana potions—Sage’s Grass water. Or a kind of glass-eating acid that only ate their enchanted glass vials apart.
They had tested twenty eight reagents already, and tonight gave them the conclusion that thirty more all produced levels of useless that were impossible to clean.
And yet, Saliss knew the power of the Faerie Flowers was immense! For proof, take not the alcohol, and the smoke alone, but the most powerful and effective painkillers he had ever seen.
They were the product that had set Oteslia abuzz; they had cured the First Gardener’s migraines and that poor Selphid. And it had been a relatively simple mixture with a mild moss-based painkiller!
“It makes no sense. They said they just used water from Oteslia, didn’t they? Well, our results show they should have made the First Gardener puff up from the inside!”
“I know. It must be the moss acting as a neutralizer. Saliss, don’t worry. Take a break. I know you’ve been helping that poor girl. I can keep working.”
Xif murmured. He was a steady worker and could be relied on to do this. Saliss was the mad genius, so he did lie down.
Something was off, though. Hadn’t someone else figured out another effect? Yes, there had been two.
Painkillers so good that if we can mass-produce them, I’ll tell the old man to replace them in every [Battlefield Healer]’s kit. Alcoholic drink…what was the last one? Someone made a fertilizer with it, didn’t they? I need to see what they made. And…
