8.39
Page 11
Roll three. And throw them hard!
He did. The sixteen silver coins on the table reflected the dice as they bounced. Mrsha saw one bounce onto her plate, another off a cup. The last landed on the floor. She stared at the first die. The second. Then she went onto the floor and picked up the die.
Wer didn’t even stare at the dice. He looked at the one in her paw.
“Do you want to roll it? Go ahead. I’ll let it count.”
Mrsha hesitantly did. It rolled across the table two times. Stopped.
Four ones.
“If I were you, I’d double up. That means I’d owe…a gold coin and a half. Almost.”
Twenty silver to a gold piece. Mrsha bit her lip. She slowly nodded, and didn’t even bother rolling that turn; he’d lost by default. Wer let her roll the next one.
Three one’s and a two. Mrsha stared at it. She stared at his cup as it jangled and he tossed them out.
Four…
“Double or take?”
Wer stared at the pot. Then he put three gold coins in, taking the rest out. Mrsha didn’t argue he was off by a few silver. Mrsha the Gambler had stopped smiling. She just stared as he went to roll the dice.
No, wait! She took the dice, and put them in her paw. I’ll roll for you, okay?
“If you want. Remember. It’s your gold. I mean it. I will not take it back. We’re playing for real money.”
Wer had his money pouch on the table and Mrsha knew he had lots of gold. Even so….she hesitantly rolled a die out.
One. She stared at the single pip. Mrsha popped a die out, saw it clattering about—and slapped it. It shot across the table, bounced off Wer’s paw as he blocked it, rolled back…on the same face.
One.
Mrsha was getting nervous now. She looked up at Wanderer. His face. He looked tired. Exhausted. But more than that? A terrible calmness hung over him.
A deficit of luck.
“Keep playing. It helps, a bit. Please, Mrsha.”
Slowly, she rolled the last die. Mrsha looked at it once, and had had enough. She deliberately reached out, and slapped a die down.
Six! I rolled it, so there! Wer glanced at the die. Mrsha defiantly stared at him. She reached for the cup so she could roll, and then—
“Excuse me! Is the food alright? Can I get you—”
The Drake [Server] coming in to check on the private guests opened the door. She saw the little brown Gnoll’s paw jerk. She blinked as Wer lifted a paw.
“Everything’s fine.”
“Oh, alright then. If you need anything, just ring…”
The two were silent until the Drake went. Mrsha saw Wer calmly appraise her, as if checking to see if she had been spying on them or was reporting them. Mrsha had gone still.
He looked down. Mrsha had jumped when the [Server] entered the room. She’d knocked the die next to her paw over. Calmly, he looked at her. Then placed three more gold coins in the pot.
“Double or take?”
He rattled the dice in the cup. Mrsha didn’t want to play any more. She ran out of the dining room, leaving her meal half-eaten, ten minutes later. Wanderer went to sleep in his room next to hers, connected by a little door. But he was as good as his word. When Mrsha peeked out to use the bathroom, she saw a little pouch just inside the door of her room.
In it were ninety six gold coins. Mrsha the Newly Rich looked at the pile. It did nothing to make her stomach feel better. Because it told her that even if Wanderer had given her the money…
He still had a large debt.
 
——
 
Cellidel was in the news. In the past tense. The city was still standing. Give it that. But the exodus of a surprising number of people had been for the best given what came less than two days afterwards. All-out riots followed by the entire army marching back into the city.
