8.39
Page 31
An armored core of Ogres was lugging a battering ram forwards, grumbling. They halted, next to a force of Goblins on wolves.
It was a small army. Ferried here over many days by Wyvern. They still outnumbered the adventurers many times over. And it was adventurers who held this city. There were overpaid members of the Watch, a desultory militia, and a lot of civilians.
Not just civilians. Families, individuals, rich and poor. Of course, the richer ones had a better chance. But all lined up each day for the lottery. All of them came here, hoping for a miracle. To this city no one dared attack because it was neutral ground.
Tenbault. Where the famed Healer of Tenbault dispensed aid to a lucky few. Crowdcaller Merdon and the adventurers hired to protect the Healer stared at the Goblin raiders. The Named Adventurer’s eyes bulged. He heard the first horns blow as the Chieftain of the Goblins slowly advanced and held up a hand.
Everyone fell silent for a second, waiting Goblins, Ogres, impatient to loot the valuable mana potions, adventurers, and terrified civilians. The little Goblin bellowed.
“Humans. Give us the Healer and no one gets hurt! We’ll give her back.”
Of course, she didn’t really expect it to work. But it was worth it, just to hear the Named Adventurer howl.
 
——
 
Rags had heard Tenbault was some miraculous city. It hadn’t looked so good even before she covered it in dirt. It looked like an idea.
The inner city, guarded by adventurers and enchanted gates, was beautiful. The outer city, with the desperate throngs, was dirty and unkempt. It seemed to Rags that the inner part could have shared with the other part.
But what did she know? She was just a Goblin. And she had no time to wait in line, even if they would have her.
This one’s for Erin Solstice. She lifted a claw and pointed.
“Attack.”
The Thunderbows firing split the air like their very names. Bolts shot forwards. Not at the Humans cowering in their city, but at the right target.
The adventurers. They had magical shields, high-levels, and powerful gear. But they were used to tackling groups, armed retinues at best. Not actual armies. They took cover behind the walls or shields as flaming bolts targeted them, and stones from the trebuchets thudded into the walls and ground.
Flaming. [Battlefield: Power of Fire]. Also—[Rapid Reload]. Those were Rags’ Skills, not even including targeting Skills and other abilities each Hob gunner had.
Gunner. Nice term. She wondered if they could get the class. Rags watched as two Hobs dragged a Thunderbow’s arms back, loaded a bolt up, and stepped back so it could fire, all in seconds. It was already hurling another deadly bolt through the air as the Ogres advanced.
Ogres in heavy armor. Shields raised. She’d made them carry shields, and the sight of a [Fireball] striking a shield and making the Ogre swear but do little else reaffirmed Rags’ tactics.
[Lightning Bolts] were different, as were piercing arrows, but the Ogres shielded their faces and made use of the healing potions they carried. Anyways, they were the anvil.
The hammer was already in the city, racing through the choking dust. Rags saw Carn Wolf riders shooting forwards after their leader. She saw adventurers panicking, saw her Wyverns dropping dirt and now stones, circling downwards.
And then the one complication. That voice.
Operatic. Huge! It blasted the dust out of the air. It knocked bolts from the sky, and sent Goblins falling down, some vomiting, others clutching at burst eardrums.
