8.39
Page 24
Even then…it was a good place to blend in, in theory. So many people intersecting meant that the Watch wasn’t as scrupulous about identities or as familiar as a city with few visitors. A perfect place if you were on the lam.
The Drake sneezed as he watched with the other guests of the inn. Outrageous, really. Turned out of their inn by the Watch!
“Tyrannical armored boots.”
The young Drake muttered, scowling. Someone should draw a mural about it! But apparently, and thankfully, this wasn’t about him…not that there would be any reason for him to be worried.
“What’s up? Don’t tell me you caused trouble again, Tesy? It was one day.”
An exasperated voice whispered in his ear. The pale-scaled Drake jumped, dragged his hood higher, then relaxed.
“Vetn! Don’t scare me like that!”
The taller young man grinned. He was about Tesy’s age, but he had a black fur complexion with faint, light blue highlights around his ears and on his arms. Well, today he did.
Appearance was variable, as Tesy well knew. The rose-scaled Drake had a very light pink coloration. Also…variable. But you could do a lot if you knew something about dyes and colors.
The two recognized each other despite the differences in coloration; they were old friends. Vetn scrutinized the commotion as he slid into the crowd watching the inn. More of the Watch were arriving and he and Tesy both eyed them with some degree of distrust, although if Vetn was wary, Tesy was actively hostile. A key difference between the two.
“You’re as jumpy as I’ve ever seen you. What’s up? How bad is it? What did you do, draw inside the inn? Why are there so many [Guards]? I’ve been travelling all week to meet up. Tesy, I wanted a break…”
“I don’t know if I’m in trouble! And this isn’t my fault! This is unrelated, I swear!”
Vetn gave him an unconvinced look. But he watched, arms folded.
“I heard about Cellidel. Was that it? Did you get spotted? I thought you would have all fought instead of letting them get killed.”
“Yes! No! We were fighting the boots! But this one Senior Guardsman took all of us out! All of the free fighters! And he knows what I look like!”
Vetn’s face turned worried at once.
“That’s a disaster. Tesy!”
“He might not tell. Listen, it’s complicated.”
“Might not tell? Why? You have some kind of blackmail over him? You’d better explain this, Tesy.”
“I will. It’s just—”
The roar from the alleyway made both dive for cover. Tesy ended up with Vetn on his back; they’d both dove behind a nearby wagon with unmatched reflexes.
Well…Vetn was agile enough to be crouching. Tesy was just flat on his face.
“Get off! What was that? What was—”
The [Innkeeper] ran screaming as the Watch jerked, and Gnolls began charging forwards. Tesy heard a scream.
“Dead gods! It’s the kidnapper!”
“Call for reinforcements! Where’s the child! Stop! The Gnolls just—”
Whistles filled the air. Tesy and Vetn poked their heads over the wagon—right before it went rolling as the [Driver] leapt into the front and steered it away from danger. They stood, with the rest of the crowd, at a remove, then decided to back up further as the first bloody Gnoll stumbled out of the alley and fell down.
“Ancestors! Ancestors!”
Tesy turned pale at the sight of the maimed Gnoll. Vetn was even more alarmed. He pulled Tesy.
“Get back!”
Both young men weren’t used to this kind of violence, but again, there was a difference. Vetn was ready to bolt; Tesy craned his neck to see.
“Is it the boots? They said ‘kidnapper’—Vetn, I think this is about that Gnoll kid who was on the scrying orbs!”
