8.39
Page 27
But no one read it. They didn’t care. Tesy stared. This wasn’t happening. Why was it happening? This was a dream. He knew of terrible injustice, but this?
This was cold murder. They were going to…
His claws fumbled for his side, for a brush, his tools, but it would be too late, too slow, too far away, even if he thought he could fight nearly three dozen Gnolls of that level.
Even so. His entire being revolted. He had to do something.
Someone moved then, in that little void between the Chief Warrior slowly reaching for the axe at his side. Down the long street, hundreds of feet distant. Little Gnoll, Plains Gnolls, bleeding Senior Guardswoman. A voice Tesy knew all too well.
“Oh no. No, no. No.”
Vetn. He began to run forwards. Tesy’s head turned.
“Vetn. What are you doing? Vetn—”
His words were already too late. The Gnoll left them behind. He started forwards, and Tesy ripped at his concealed pouch of holding. He looked up as his friend…
Accelerated. 
Vetn’s bare feet hit the ground. Pads striking cobblestone. Ignored by the distant Gnolls. His feet moved faster.
In the frozen world, as Merish reached for the axe, drew it, and lifted it up, there were seconds. In between those seconds, in adrenaline and the life-and-death flashes, everything slowed down. The world became…slow…but so were you.
Except for him. Somehow, Vetn sped up. He moved like a few people could in any world.
In a time apart. At a speed no one else could match. He jogged down the street, and his stride began to lengthen. His legs lengthened, long limbs carrying him faster with each stride. Then he started running.
His feet touched the cobblestones, pushed off the stone, and Vetn’s posture changed further. Not down. Not like the four-legged gallop some Gnolls resorted to, even as adults. Looser, upright. A sprinter’s upright run.
Some of the Gnolls noticed the figure breaking towards to them. Heads turned, some even recognized the figure. But this was still in the time an axe took to rise to its apex and fall.
Hundreds of feet. A distant figure. A hundred meters.
A single sprinter, legs and arms pumping. Going faster with each step. Vetn went from his standing posture to a run. To a sprint.
Tesy’s brush finally cleared its hiding place. A painting palette rose as the Drake lifted it, mouthing the words of a Skill. Not Tesy.
Sellme. The famous [Magical Painter]. He was only a part of the audience, though. Backup. Backdrop. To another professional at work. Another famous figure.
Vetn leapt. Merish saw a blur as his axe dropped through the air. He saw Viri tear free of the paws holding him and leap, bellowing.
The axe stopped. Viri crashed into Merish’s side and bounced off to no avail. But there was no point.
Mrsha was gone. The little girl in front of Merish just—vanished. The Chief Warrior blinked. He stared at the ground. The Gnolls who had turned towards the running figure whirled around, seeing nothing, eyes wide. Then all of them looked down the street.
Forty feet away, Vetn reappeared. His cargo was under one arm, eyes wide, disbelieving. The Gnoll turned. Only Tesy understood what he’d done.
[Flicker Theft]. The Drake’s heart was pounding out of his chest. Merish’s eyes went wide. He pointed, and his voice joined the other Gnolls.
“Stop that Gnoll! That—”
They were so close. So close. The Gnoll began to run, the young man carrying the girl under one arm. Back the way he’d come, past the surprised Gnolls. They lunged at him.
He ran up a wall and raced over their heads. As if gravity didn’t matter. As if…
“Doom’s accomplices! Kill them!”
