8.39
Page 23
“My inn! Please don’t damage it.”
“Any damages will be compensated, sir. But think of the girl.”
“The little Gnoll? You mean the boy?”
Mrsha froze. A Drake, the same one who’d served them food, was hurrying out with the rest of the staff and guests. There was a muted conversation as one of the [Guards] explained. Then Mrsha heard the Drake woman’s voice.
“…But I saw her sneak downstairs. I think she went out the back door. Just a minute ago. She—”
She was so well-meaning. Like Drassi. Mrsha felt it all happening, like evil clockwork. Pieces fitting into place, but a bad puzzle. Spinning, adjusting themselves.
Like dice.
Mrsha saw the gaggle of figures outside the inn slow. The Gnolls in the common room looked up. They’d been listening. Their heads turned. Mrsha saw Wer move.
He exploded out of the air next to her. The Gnoll stepped out of space, scattering the terrified cats. He said one word in her ear.
“Run!”
As quiet as a whisper. As desperate as death. Mrsha saw his paw blur. He struck her with a shower of liquid. Mrsha?
She vanished. The little Gnoll hit the ground, the invisibility potion coating her fur. There was no potion like that for Wer. He downed a tonic that made the fur on his body harden, like it was suddenly made of stone. A second tonic—and then he exploded forwards, catching the Gnolls coming out of the back door of the inn and down the alleyway by surprise.
Mrsha had never heard a Gnoll roar like that. It surprised everyone. Wer had a dagger in one paw. He plunged it into the chest of the first Gnoll, and the quarterstaff was already spinning, striking another.
Wanderer roared as Mrsha ran, streaking past the Gnolls, the Watch blowing their whistles. Screams filled the air. But the Plains Gnolls, the [Shamanic Warriors]—they moved faster than the Watch. They came for the alleyway, weapons drawn, magical markings glowing. Howling a call to the hunt.
A call to death. Mrsha heard the furious cadence. They were here to kill both.
She ran, looking back. Wer! Wanderer! He was fighting alone in the alleyway! How long could he hold them off? Could he hold them off?
She had to run. Get into the sewers—no, find somewhere to hide her scent! Get out of the city? She had to do something. Cats. [Druid]. She was a [Druid]. She just had to…
“There you are.”
A kindly claw plucked the little Gnoll off the ground as she scampered past the adults, invisible, fast as could be. Mrsha could be smelled and heard, but even the [Shamanic Warriors] who might have detected her were distracted by the roaring Gnoll.
Who could see a little Gnoll? Who had spotted the little girl?
A kind Guardswoman, that’s who. The Drake plucked Mrsha up as her squad recoiled.
“[Anti-Invisibility Sight]. [Danger-Spotter]. You glow. I’ve never seen anything like that. You’re safe now, dear.”
Mrsha struggled, frantically, but the Senior Guardswoman had her! She frowned, trying to soothe Mrsha, and one of the Plains Gnolls, a huge Gnoll with two axes, bellowing the attack, turned. He saw the struggling outlines of Mrsha in the air and his eyes widened.
“Merish! Is that the Doomguy who’s stealing children? Merish? Was your friend right? Is it—?”
A little Lizardman bounded over, hopping on one foot, with a staff of all things. Merish, the Gnoll leader, didn’t answer. He just stared at Mrsha as the oblivious Senior Guardswoman tried to assure her she would be reunited with her family.
Ill luck.
 
——
 
It was a tableau of too many scenes. Marwsh was one of those travelling cities, a popular hub to stay in while on the road. Unless you were allergic to cats.
