8.39
Page 10
On the other hand, all 6’s on the six-sided dice was an instant-win and the opponent had to double the contents of the pot. All 1’s was an instant loss, but Mrsha could either keep the pot or make Wer double it, not both.
Simple rules. Mrsha was amused they were playing for real coins. Wer just shrugged.
“I’ll let you keep what you win. It wouldn’t be an actual game otherwise.”
Oho. Mrsha’s eyes gleamed. Mrsha the Gambler wasn’t about to turn down some spare change. She began to roll the dice eagerly as they ate and plotted their next course.
“We’ll take another carriage by evening. I need to rest…let me sleep after this. I’ll settle up with the [Innkeeper] so we can leave by noon. Then we’ll go by carriage. Maybe we need to hire someone to pretend we’re a family, but if they think you’re the stolen child…”
What if I vouch for me not being stolen?
Mrsha rolled a 3, a 1, a 5, and a 2. Wer rolled a 3, a 4, a 2, and a 4. Glowering, Mrsha let him take two silver coins. She slapped down another one. She wasn’t seeing much bad luck here!
They rolled again and Mrsha took the pot. Wer sighed.
“You mean, vouch that you’re not the mute little girl who only writes by offering them proof in writing?”
Mrsha glowered as Wer took the third pot, then the fourth. She wanted to send word to Lyonette she was alright, but Wer had told her that would lead the enemy right to them. And they were already close. She tried to think on how to convince him to go to Oteslia. Or…Lyonette had said she was going to the Meeting of Tribes, and to Liscor.
Was she there? Or…
Mrsha’s drooping face made Wer glance at her. He saw her roll the dice and put her little chin on the table.
This isn’t fun.
She handed him a card. Wer saw her glance at the door. The Drake [Server] had been plenty polite, the Drakes made the joke about ‘is this the missing girl? Whoops, not white fur!’ that almost half of them did; Mrsha’s fur was reddish brown.
But really, it was the hatred. It was the fear.
Why do they hate us?
The Gnoll had told her the answer, but Mrsha still asked. She had rolled 2, 2, 2, and 3, so she waited. Wanderer had no answer for her. Or at least, not one that didn’t include a lot of history. This was the way it was. He picked up the dice, and rolled…
All 1’s.
Mrsha perked up. She pointed at the four dice, clapped her paws, and did a little dance in her seat. She pointed at Wanderer. Ha ha! Bad luck!
The older Gnoll just sighed and asked what Mrsha wanted.
“Double the pot or take it?”
Mrsha the Greedy thought about it, and made him add two more silver to the pot. She smugly saw Wer pick up the dice. He shrugged, tossed them out…
And rolled four ones again.
Mrsha’s eyes went round. She stared at the dice, which had tumbled, but somehow bounced back to their original spots. She stared at Wer.
I guess that doesn’t count? No, but he was looking at her.
“Take the pot or double it?”
Mrsha hesitated. She hesitantly held up ‘double the pot’. After all, now he had to put in four silver to match the four in the pot. Even if she lost, she had odds at reversing all her losses thus far. She reached for the dice.
And rolled a 3, 2, 5, and 5. Mrsha blinked. Not a bad roll! She just had thought it would be all 6’s or something. Wer reached for the cup. He rattled the dice for a bit. And when he rolled…
Four 1’s again. Mrsha stopped. She stared down at the dice, up at Wer.
“Told you.”
Blank-faced, the Gnoll gestured at the eight silver coins.
“Double or take?”
Double? Mrsha stopped Wer as he reached for the cup this time. She took one die out, and held it.
