8.39
Page 19
“A different people? You’d better hope they’re nicer than we are to each other. Drakes, that is. Do you think they…understand…”
Mirn tried to think.
“…Different perspectives?”
Saliss looked at Mirn. Neither Drake had the grounding to understand how funny that was.
If the one expert on their kind were here, Ryoka Griffin, and they had somehow trusted her with a secret so great that they didn’t even dare utter it out loud, even here, and if…no. She wasn’t here.
But if she had been, she would have told the two that surely, somewhere, the Court of the Fae was laughing right now. Guffawing until they threw up, probably.
Laughing. But kindly.
The Faerie Flowers from the land of the fae would have many qualities discovered later. More secrets. But as Saliss of Lights would first write down, their principal effect was not mere change, physical or mental. In a word, their essence was…
Perspective.
Somewhat predictably, Mirn never let Saliss live it down for calling it first.
 
——
 
Lyonette du Marquin returned to the mansion, divested herself of the formal, Oteslian-style dress, and changed into something more casual. More calculatedly appealing to a certain young Drake.
Ilvriss had been helpfully unhelpful, and Lyonette had tried not to scream at him. He had already put actual money and some of House Gemscale’s forces into looking for Mrsha. It just wasn’t every single Drake he could muster.
Cire, now. He could prevail on Mivifa and she could fly! Imagine how much ground she could cover? Maybe even sneak Lyonette over the walls? They wouldn’t dare shoot down a Pegasus, even if she didn’t have the right clearance, would they?
Lyonette just needed a rather specific kind of commitment. No matter how she had to get it—she had a magical scroll in her bag of holding. The kind you could activate rather easily. Cirediel might balk at signing something, but not if he really, really wanted something.
And there were other ways too. She hesitated at Saliss’ words as she changed.
“What else am I supposed to do, though?”
The [Princess] headed back downstairs to where Wilovan and Ratici were waiting. She had put a trendy pair of pants and jacket that somehow made her feel a bit like a [Bartender]—one of the styles in fashion—on. She halted at the stairs.
There was a commotion outside. You could hear Cire’s friends from outside. They were ready to run wild. Lyonette took a breath, ready for a genuine smile—and yes, you could fake genuine—but she hesitated on her way down.
“Who’s this?”
Xif was on his feet, roused by the sound. He blinked as he drank from the teapot in that horrible way, and gestured.
“Dnrbhl.”
She gave the old Gnoll a steady look and he edged away. Lyonette politely nodded to the strange Drake lounging there. Wilovan and Ratici were giving him casual scrutiny, but they were relaxed.
“Is this the Human I’ve heard so much about? Lyonette? I’m Mirn. Saliss told me all about you.”
He was far more casual than Saliss. Far more stylish too, although that wasn’t hard because Saliss was a nudist. But Mirn had an actual style to his clothes, unlike Wilovan and Ratici who always had one look, decent as it was. He had a scar across his face that took away from it a bit due to the placement, but Lyonette was still fairly impressed.
“That’s…correct. Are you a friend of Saliss of Lights?”
