8.39
Page 28
A Plains Gnoll howled. She nocked an arrow to her bow and a Lizardman kicked her in the face with a flying jump. Someone else tackled him and pinned him, but more Gnolls drew bows and more still were racing after Vetn, almost as fast. They charged down the street.
Straight into a brick wall. The Gnolls slammed into a brick wall in the middle of the street. Where had it come from? Why? A brick…?
They were lovely red bricks and strong mortar. Tesy had drawn them way back when.
[Artbook: Saved Sketch]! [Art Comes to Life]! [The World is My Canvas]. [Speedpainting].
The brush’s tip was still wet. Sellme panted. He saw Vetn slow, and a wide-eyed little girl staring at him.
“Sellme! What are you standing around for?”
His companion, compatriot, fellow professional bellowed. The Drake turned and took to his heels. Now two were running. The Gnolls streaming down the street ran around the wall, climbed over it.
Wer emerged from the alleyway, covered in blood, just in time to see two figures running. Two young people. Both male. Gnoll and Drake. His lips moved.
“What the…?”
He saw a little Gnoll girl, her fur shining white behind the dye, looking at him. He felt it.
Luck.
Travellers. Coincidence? Not really.
“Who are they? Get them! Kill them!”
The Plains Gnolls were howling. They were coming down the street, weapons covered in blood, promising death. Seasoned killers.
They ran into a mud pit. Slammed into an invisible glass wall that shattered. The Gnolls charged through both. Then they hit the tripwire.
“Damn it, stop painting and run!”
Mrsha felt her savior slowing, turning with her under one arm. The rose-scaled Drake with the hood was a blur, the brush he carried drawing the obstacles so fast she could barely process it. Like a pre-rendered scene, being translated to the real world in moments.
“They’re going to kill us! What did you get us into? I don’t have many paintings saved!”
The Drake screamed back. The Gnoll cursed. He ran back.
“You don’t? That’s your entire job, you idiot!”
He took one look at a snarling Gnoll bounding at them, his magical paints giving him speed. Vetn lowered his body, and dove under the slashing block from a spear. Then he whirled, changed course, and hoisted the Drake onto his shoulder. Carrying Mrsha under one arm and Tesy hanging from his left shoulder, Vetn ran.
[Loot Weighs Nothing]! Sellme gasped, winded. The Plains Gnolls chasing after them leapt, howling in triumph as the strange Gnoll slowed…
And completely missed him. He was fifteen feet away by the time they swung their blades.
Merish had activated [Markings of Speed]. [Vanguard’s Advance]. [Adrenaline Rush]. He felt like he was running underwater as he charged after the Gnoll. How…?
So fast. The Gnoll was storming towards the gates with a Drake on his shoulder and the child under his arm. The child…Merish tore his eyes away from her. He had seen this before.
He had seen this before. This speed! This insanity!
He ran with the other Gnolls, towards the gates, but the Gnoll was so fast they were running towards some horses saddled and unattended as he ran vertically up the wall, leapt past the surprised [Guards], and over.
“After him!”
The Gnolls jumped onto horseback. They swarmed out of the city, riding for all they were worth. The [Magical Painter] was shouting as the Gnoll ran. He was tiring. Yet even now, he was the fastest.
