8.39
Page 6
She did fly, though. Rafaema leapt straight up, in a soaring jump that even other Oldblood Drakes would have been pressed to copy. Her rapid acceleration left her guards behind, and for a moment, Rafaema breathed in the morning air, cool and wonderful on her scales, the varied scents of Oteslia, pollen and sweet fruits.
She felt free.
…Right up until Cirediel flew after her, squawking. He never caught up immediately; she was faster, stronger, and far more skilled with a blade than he was. But he had that annoying endurance to chase her around the city. He never got tired.
“You are so not Archmage, Rafaema! You—you—booted bastard!”
Rafaema glanced down at her boots.
“Don’t you mean, ‘creler’, Cire?”
She slowed to let him catch up. The Earth Dragon sulked as they flew around the city, keeping well clear of the walls.
“No. Crelering is bad. You’re a boot. You know, the Watch?”
“Boots?”
“Armored boots who beat up innocent people. Didn’t you hear about how they were treating people? Like in Cellidel?”
“Isn’t that where Sellme lives? And that’s the Watch, Cire. They’re not nice. They enforce order.”
“Hah! You’re all mind-controlled by spells and what the brass says, Rafaema. Wake up! Manus is all boots and no smart people at all.”
The Lightning Dragon had to turn in the skies and stare at Cirediel, with such frank incredulity he checked himself.
“Cire. Your guardi—your mother is the First Gardener of Oteslia! You’re as connected to the High Command of a Walled City as anyone is!”
He blew out his cheeks.
“Well, yeah. But I don’t let her mindwash me!”
What did you even say to that? Rafaema just dove and Cire followed.
“Oh, come on, Raf!”
“Don’t call me that!”
She turned and Cire dove just in time to dodge the actual fork of lightning. He flew back, squawking.
“No lightning! No breath! Don’t make me fight you, Rafaema!”
“Yes, I’m so nervous of you fighting me.”
She sneered. Although it was true that Cirediel could spit acid…she sighed, folded her arms.
“Are those your minders?”
Cirediel turned his head and saw some Drakes with wings and two [Pegasus Fliers] following from a distance. He grimaced.
“Yep.”
“Let’s lose them.”
The two Dragons glanced at each other and dropped, so fast that the Oteslian [Guards] couldn’t keep up. They hit the ground hard, but they were Dragons and were running down the street. Rafaema saw Cire running with a huge grin on his face. She rolled her eyes.
But for all they fought, they were alike. Two people who knew what it was like to be minded all the time, watched.
And to be alone. So when they paused, in the lee of a building and glanced up, they saw Oteslia’s watchers circling.
“Lost us. Do they have magical seekers on you, Cire?”
“Nope. I told them I’d run off if they did. You?”
“I blasted a hole through a priceless painting or statue every time I found one on me.”
“Archmage.”
Rafaema sighed.
“Hunt Commander Makhir will find us, though, or Ferris. They have tracking Skills.”
“They do? That’s so…”
“Shut up. If I hear one more bit of street slang, I will kick you again. Let’s walk and talk before they find us.”
The two did. In a sense, this was a time for them to be children still. Rafaema was aware of the politics regarding the siege, and the beyond paranoid decisions regarding her safety, but no one had asked her input on how to shape events.
They let her into the war council meetings, but she was still a child. At least, when she was with Cire, they were equals. Even if he was annoying. And they did talk.
“They let you into the war council meetings? Really?”
Rafaema gave him a steady look.
