8.39
Page 17
Mirn eyed Saliss. The [Protector] frowned mightily.
“…Are you high on Dreamleaf? Or are you being watched by whoever Oteslia’s got? You’re snappy, tired, and I just bet you’ve stopped eating. It’s time, Saliss. She…”
He hesitated and murmured a bit quieter.
“Onieva needs to relax.Even for a few hours. Saliss never does. ”
The Named Adventurer gave Mirn a death’s head grin. He stood against the railing, looking out over Oteslia.
“Mirn, Mirn, Mirn. It’s not the time. A little kid’s gone, I have a [Princess] trying to sell herself the royal way Humans do to the highest bidder, there’s at least one group trying to assassinate any number of people in Oteslia, and something’s up with a fellow Named Adventurer, Mivifa, that makes me think Oteslia’s got its own problems. Oh, and I have a dead [Innkeeper]. Now is not the time. For all of those reasons! And for one more. I’m out of stock.”
Mirn had been waiting for a chance to break in, mouth open, combative. Just like he was ready to call Onieva out or drag her back. But then the Drake halted, and looked at Saliss.
“You are not. You told me you had full doses!”
“Let me think. That was before I wasted a huge amount fighting the Antinium, had to escort a pair of Humans north, didn’t get a chance to rebuild my stock, had all of Oteslia refuse to sell me anything, and I’ve had to share my work space with a Gnoll [Alchemist] who can see everything I do…”
Saliss grinned unhappily as he ticked off problems on his claws. He looked up as his childhood friend and companion from when they had been [Soldiers] just stared at him.
“The ingredients aren’t cheap, Mirn. They aren’t accessible, which is the problem. I’ve gone far longer…”
“I know. Shut up. No wonder Chaldion sent me.”
Mirn shook his head. Saliss nodded. He closed his eyes. Mirn being here did help. But the potion…
Shapeshifting Tincture. You could scale it up, into Saliss’ famed war-form, although turning into a Dragon was well beyond its capabilities. But Saliss had never cared about that. Shapeshifting. That was why he had gone to Nerrhavia’s Fallen to learn it from the master himself, decades ago.
Even so. If only there was a cheaper, discount solution rather than the potion that only a Level 40 [Alchemist] could even dream of making. Even rationed, even then…Saliss leaned back against the railing.
If only Faerie Flowers worked well with that potion like the Potion of Time’s Return. There is no way it would, though. It doesn’t even play well with salted water! It would be…far too…
The Drake’s eyes opened wide. He stood up, as Mirn tried to figure out solutions. And there it was.
“That would be way too annoying. That’s it!”
He punched a claw into his palm. Mirn looked at him like he was crazy.
 
——
 
Xif the [Alchemist] had thrown a tantrum by the time Saliss had come back. One look around the workshop told Saliss why.
“Hi, Xif. How many combos? This is Mirn, a friend, by the way. He’ll be staying here.”
Xif looked up from lying face-down on the couch.
“…Two hundred and nine.”
Saliss nodded. Mirn looked at him.
“Is that a lot?”
“It’s a lot. Nothing but alcohol and smoke?”
“I hate these weeds. Saliss, I’m going to sleep. Don’t let me near here or I’ll burn them all.”
Xif went up to his rooms, as frustrated as Saliss had ever seen him. And for all Saliss loved to annoy the old [Alchemist], Xif had twice as much patience as Saliss. The Drake cracked his claws.
“That might be a good thing. Mirn, help me tidy up. Ancestors…”
