8.39
Page 25
“Well, come away and let’s watch from a safe distance! Don’t get involved! Those are Plains Gnolls—[Shamanic Warriors], not the Watch! Don’t get involved, Tesy…”
It was only then they became aware of the altercation surrounding the Watch patrol, which hadn’t entered the fray. Tesy pointed. Vetn blinked as a little Gnoll finally came into view as a Drake [Guard] emptied a flask over her head.
“What the…”
“Invisibility?”
Then they saw the second layer of the drama. The furious, frantic little Gnoll fighting to get free, the Senior Guardswoman.
And the Plain’s Eye Gnolls, who turned away from the battle in the alleyway to stare at the little girl. Tesy was oblivious, but Vetn’s eyes flicked to their markings and he identified their tribe.
He grew tenser as Tesy edged closer to hear.
“It’s definitely the Gnoll who matches the description, Senior Guardswoman. Doesn’t speak…are you Mrsha? You’re safe now, Miss Mrsha.”
One of the Drakes was trying to talk to Mrsha. Another was investigating her sopping wet fur.
“She’s all brown, though. Is her fur dyed? Did that maniac…?”
“It’s not uncommon. Water’s not making it come off, though. She’s still in danger. Muster up, squad! Look sharp! That kidnapper’s in the alley! Where are the reinforcements?”
The Senior Guardswoman made the rest of her squad jump back to attention. Tesy didn’t like boots, as he referred to them. But he had to admit, she reminded him a bit of that other Drake.
He folded his arms, watching keenly. The little Gnoll girl was wide-eyed, frantic, trying to tear free, and when that failed, tearing something out of her bag of holding. Gold coins fell to the ground in a shower and Vetn blinked.
“Whoa! That’s a lot of money! And she’s got some nice gear on her! A good magic wand, a nice bag of holding—is she a rich kid or what?”
He peered at a gold coin in his paw, despite the shower of coins only landing a few feet around Mrsha. But she didn’t even care. She was scribbling, writing desperately on…a bit of paper?
“Guardswoman. This…this is the Gnoll child.”
One of the [Shamanic Warriors] had walked over, flanked by two more. The Gnoll girl went still when she saw them. Tesy did not like the way she shrank. He recognized that.
Fear.
The Senior Guardswoman saw it too. She coolly held Mrsha up, letting the Gnoll write with shaking paws. She glanced at Mrsha, the alleyway where the fighting was still background, and at the Gnoll warrior.
“It seems that way. We need to take her to a safe place. Can your warriors handle that Gnoll, Chief Warrior…Merish, was it?”
He didn’t even glance over his shoulders. The Gnoll had both paws on the hilts of his axes, clearly ready to charge into battle, but he was locked onto the little Gnoll girl.
“They can.”
“In that case—squad, defensive perimeter! We’re taking this girl to the Watch house. Double time. She’s still in danger.”
The rest of the Watch began to move with the Senior Guardswoman, but they came to a halt. Tesy saw, to his growing confusion, the other Plains Gnolls on the street abandon their posts or attempts to get a vantage to shoot into the melee and instead come out to…surround…the patrol.
“Oh no.”
Vetn muttered. He was staring at Mrsha. Mrsha and at the alley’s entrance and at the Gnolls from the tribe he recognized.
“Move aside.”
“One moment, Guardswoman. Check if it is her. Who has…”
The Gnoll grunted. He caught something as it was tossed to him and uncorked it. The Drake blocked it, but he offered it to her.
“Dye remover.”
