8.39
Page 12
If Cellidel was silent, it was only because enough blood had been spilled to put all fires out. Part of the disaster had been the lack of a certain Senior Guardsman, who had departed with countless Gnolls and even Drakes.
He was now on the move. A lot of people were, actually. There were the people who never left their city, ever, and the people who travelled all the time. Liscor was an exception to the rule due to the Bloodfields and their relative isolation.
Travel was not uncommon. It was affordable, and if you had the right passport level, you could sequester easy access to many major cities. It did require a disposable income, but you could ride in style from Walled City to Walled City, courtesy of Izril’s Wonders or other travelling services, if not flying transport.
Even so. Saliss of Lights had spent a rough night with Lyonette, trying to be comforting, which was not his forte when sarcastic was available, or just annoying. When she’d finally been persuaded to take a sleeping draught, he’d stood and stared at the Faerie Flowers in the alchemy lab for a good damn hour.
He should have been making battle potions and explosives, but this lab wasn’t blast-proof and it would take a year of straight work to repair his stocks. Now that Saliss had been introduced to the concept of apprentices and making them do all the work…he was tempted to make Octavia do all the work.
Still, it had been money well-spent. Sort of. Wiping out almost all of the Assassin’s Guild was a win. Levelling? He’d levelled. That was a win. At Saliss’ position, a level was actually worth that kind of expenditure if it was guaranteed.
Faerie Flowers, now. This will be your next level. Saliss poked the flower. He stared at it. Hallucinogenic, highly magically powerful…too magically powerful. Saliss was used to understanding ingredients.
You could actually quantify it and some [Alchemists] insisted on using systems of magical force to approximate effects. If Sage’s Grass was eighteen eins of power, and you had a multiplying catalyst, you got blah blah amount of magical power.
It was too reductionist for Saliss, who didn’t believe in quantifying magical effects. But he thought of it now because…
“Xif. I think this flower has an outsized effect compared to the amount of magical power in it. I can’t quantify it any other way.”
The Gnoll [Alchemist], his fur stained all kinds of color and smelling just as varied, looked up. He lowered the goggles from his face as he attended to a row of vials.
“…You’re right, Saliss. I didn’t believe it at first, but it’s true. It’s the legendary Unicorn horn’s paradox! Right in front of us!”
“Not quite. I don’t see any angry, hornless unicorns coming around to kick us to death. But close. Damn.”
Saliss rubbed at his face. What they meant was that a Unicorn’s horn was an example of a magical object that didn’t quantify itself properly. With Sage’s Grass you could actually tell how much magic was in it. It produced magic, and gathered some from the air, but it was always a linear growth. Sage’s Grass could grow for hundreds of years, but it always had as much as it should.
Unicorn horns, the rare, illicit ingredient back when it had actually been a commodity, had been reported to have a power outside what it should have. Faerie Flowers? They were the same.
There’s an element to this flower that I can’t detect. It’s not right. It…it doesn’t fit.
Saliss knew why that was. Or he knew enough. Xif? The Gnoll’s paws were trembling, but he steadied them.
