8.39
Page 3
“Even for the Walled Cities you’re…no, wait. Nah. You fit in. With the most cynical, cold-hearted Drakes. Everyone’s just a thing to be used. And so are you? Wrong. Stupid. Don’t do that, Lyonette. It will cost more than you think. Believe me.”
He shook his head. Lyonette hesitated.
“And how would you know?”
She snapped, unguarded, angry, because his words struck home too much. What Lyonette was not prepared for was the look she got.
“Because I know.”
It was rather like being doused by cold water. Lyonette looked at Saliss and suddenly had many questions. Many questions, but the Drake’s…look…prohibited any of them. At last, Lyonette turned. She clenched her hands so hard her fingernails dug into her skin.
“And what am I supposed to do? Mrsha is out there. And I can’t…”
Her shoulders shook. Saliss, mouth closed in memory, was lost for a moment. Then he saw the young woman’s shoulder shake. She sat down, not even bothering to find a bed or chair. Tears rolled down her cheeks.
The Named Adventurer looked down at her.
Oh, of course. Lyonette sat, overcome by grief. Zeres’ army had Oteslia surrounded. And it might have been possible for her to leave…if she hadn’t been marked by two Admirals of Zeres and the Sharkcaptain.
“There, there.”
Saliss awkwardly patted her shoulder. He sighed and produced the letter he’d looted from her desk. Damn Ancestors.
Saliss tore it up. She could always re-write it, but maybe she wouldn’t send it at all if she thought about it again.
It was so…complicated. Depressing girls that reminded Saliss of…well.
Herself.
If only it were an easy solution like ‘kill everything’. The [Alchemist] was good at that. However. He sat, patting Lyonette’s shoulder. Well. It was still interesting.
They were a bit similar after all. It made Saliss want to help this young idiot. But how?
 
——
 
Oteslia was under siege. Zeres had come with an army, and Liscor’s famed mercenaries were also contributing to a blockade over the issue of the Human [Lady].
And other issues. Frankly, they were also there due to the Meeting of Tribes, because Zeres and Oteslia had been at war for quite some time…it was a siege as usual.
Such normality meant that there was still traffic in and out of Oteslia. City Runners and a small number of vehicles were stopped by Zeres’ [Soldiers] and let go.
Because, of course, City Runners were an independent body. Same with the Wyverns or Pegasi that might travel through the air. It was a curious standard; of course Oteslia’s [Pegasus Riders] were the enemy. But Oteslia’s Pegasi that fulfilled the Walled City’s transport or other vital services superseded the mere state of war and were allowed to fly.
It said a lot that Oteslians were so used to being besieged in the Walled City of Growth that some had penpals in said army camped outside their walls. In the end, the move was as symbolic as it was a war of financial pressure; it cost money to keep Zeres’ army in the field, but Oteslia in turn was deprived of trade.
Magnolia Reinhart’s presence now…that had escalated the situation. As had a number of other factors, like Salazsar sending no less than five representatives, including Wall Lord Ilvriss, Wall Lady Navine, and Helessia Gemscale. It worried concerned minds that there might be an actual possibility of some kind of…peace?
Unacceptable. Of course, that was one angle. Sheer disgust at Magnolia Reinhart was a simple motive. There were far more that were unexpected and unforeseen.
