8.40 CTV
Page 6
As their ship came into port, far more sedately than the Courier ship which had already unhooked an entire section of their ship to unload goods—and the female, Human [Captain] herself was striding up towards Wistram for a priority-delivery—the rest of the Silver Swords finally appeared.
It was…interesting. They were quite polite to Captain Jexal as they shook his hand and thanked him for the voyage, but one look at the scowling [Knight] and half-Elf and you’d assume Ylawes was the most foul-tempered adventurer on the face of the earth.
“We’re having drinks with Captain Jexal and the [Captain] of the Four Winds, Ylawes, Falene. At least, I am. Figure we might be able to get a quick ride to Chandrar if they’re headed back that way.”
“Even riding with them from Baleros to Chandrar would be faster than the regular. They’d probably let you on for a song if they like you.”
“That’s a good idea, Dawil. I’m glad someone has their priorities straight.”
The Dwarf [Axe Champion] winced as Falene stared pointedly past Ylawes.
“We’re here. I shall meet with my faction and friends. And see you both tonight. Dawil.”
Neither one acknowledged the other’s existence. It was like children. Dawil sighed, then saw Falene descend the ramp, staff in hand. She’d dressed up; she had her traditional robes on, but she’d taken the time to add two earrings, a touch of makeup, two ornaments; a wrist bangle and sash, both of which had particular sigils on them.
Revivalists? Was that her faction? Dawil sighed and bade farewell to Jexal, who was much amused.
“Falene! Falene, wait! Where are we…?”
Dawil wanted to know where they were going, but Falene was off the ramp and heading towards the academy so fast he was sure she’d cast [Speed] on herself. He turned to Ylawes.
“I suppose we’d better go after her. How are you feeling, lad?”
“Fine. This had better be worth it.”
Ylawes stomped down the ramp after Dawil. Sighing, the Dwarf led the way at a more sedate pace towards Wistram. The double doors were thrown open, and he saw a few [Mages] about. Strangely…some were in the water, swimming back to shore. Dawil craned his neck upwards.
Wistram. He had never been here, but it did not disappoint. The glowing towers, some with magical effects, hung high above him in every architectural style. It was even larger on the inside, but it looked like a fortress to rival a Walled City…no, his home itself! Any kingdom in Terandria would be hard-pressed to even match this palace in terms of scope.
Beauty? Well, the hodge-podge effect of so many builders took away from that. But look at that tower! Permanently aflame! Another, frozen in ice. And up Wistram stretched, until the top parts vanished from view in the permanent mists.
Impressive, to say the least. Dawil admired the enchanted stone, not showing any dirt or filth despite exposure to the open air. He saw open walkways extending around some towers—this was an academy not afraid of attack.
The Dwarf frowned and pointed up.
“Ylawes! Do you see that? The [Mages] are leaping off the walkways! Do they do that for fun?”
“I see it. Let’s keep moving, Dawil.”
The Dwarf bit his lip. Ylawes was in no mood to watch the [Mages] slowing in midair, trying to arrest their fall. He winced as one belly-flopped so hard it was audible at this distance. Two other [Mages] dove after their comatose friend.
No one welcomed the two Gold-rank adventurers to Wistram. There was no huge turnout of people, no fanfare. They just walked in the double doors to an argument and reunion, happening at once.
