8.40 CTV
Page 11
The [Wizard]’s face went refreshingly slack as Falene shook her head distractedly. Then her brows snapped together and she and Dawil exchanged a look.
“…You mean they’re not from our world?”
Dawil stroked his beard. Oh yes. This explained a lot. He wondered what a genuine autograph from the Players of Celum might be worth around here? A cure for a certain young woman?
“I ah…I can see Archmage Feor was correct in inviting you to learn everything, Falene! Let me just talk to him…you can speak with these Earthers. One is from Izril. One second.”
Ostrigael shot out of his seat and the [Wizard] hurried off as Falene rose to speak with the Earthers. Dawil was getting out of his seat when he heard a familiar voice.
“…yeah, the Crelers were attacking a Gold-rank team. I was at the inn as we evacuated—they came through the door, but most of us got out. But an entire team of adventurers was stuck in the Bloodfields. They had to actually level the inn to get rid of the Crelers, but the adventurers actually survived.”
Dawil glanced up. He sidled out as Falene rose.
“Good morning to you. I am Magus Falene of the Silver Swords. And you are…?”
“I’m Aaron, Miss Falene. This is Elena, and George…we’re all excited to meet you. You’re all Gold-ranks?”
“That’s right. From Izril.”
Someone went silent abruptly as the gaggle of nearly two dozen Earthers peered at her, introducing themselves, wanting to know about adventuring. Dawil, five feet tall, wasn’t overlooked; just short. He saw the Earthers staring with interest at him, but he was strolling around the group, peering at a certain someone trying to duck down…
“That’s right. My name’s Dawil. We’re the Silver Swords. Been all over northern Izril. Liscor, that was the latest. I think I see a familiar face here. Don’t you, Falene?”
The half-Elf glanced over curiously. Dawil stroked his beard.
“Hullo, Leon. Fancy meeting you again.”
The young man was pale as he tried to smile at Dawil. Everyone looked at him. Trey saw Leon’s guilty face, but the Dwarf just smiled.
“Looks like we have a lot to talk about. You talking about the Creler attacks? We missed it, but it was a sight. Some friends of ours survived it. Glad to see Leon’s telling the story right.”
So that was it. He ignored the sweating young man; Dawil wasn’t out to ruin his life. Although he wasn’t above blackmail if it came to that. He nodded to himself.
“So that’s where she’s from.”
He’d already guessed the moment he heard about Earthers, but it all but confirmed it for him. If Leon was one…they all were. Ryoka too. Ylawes would flip when he realized how close they’d been to the truth. Falene was already clearly doing mental backflips. As for Dawil?
He’d enjoy a nice long talk with Erin Solstice. Once she woke back up.
 
——
 
The Silver Swords meeting the Earthers was a highlight of the day for Trey, because they were at once so surprised and so familiar.
They knew Leon. And while it was clear to Trey that Leon had exaggerated some parts of his backstory, none of them had come out and said it outright. But the fact was, they had met Earthers.
Earthers who weren’t at Wistram. Trey tucked that away in the back of his mind. The Wandering Inn. Interesting. First Gazi, now Leon?
She would probably like to meet him.
The Gold-ranks were equally fascinating to the Earthers as being the very stuff of stories. The thing a lot of Earthers—those like Aaron who hadn’t landed next to monsters or seen the world—wanted to become.
