8.40 CTV
Page 2
A deadly trap. No one had ever survived it…until now. Cognita had never objected when Zelkyr first laid the test down, explained her role. Now, though, a voice kept speaking in her mind. A roaring half-Elf, taking on all five Golems at once. And…winning.
“You never intended anyone to pass!”
That was true. Cognita thought about it. The test was a lie. It had never bothered her; Zelkyr had made it plain she should not let anyone pass unless she were to perish, and he had designed the protections so that no one would be able to triumph.
Still. Somehow, with no logic, no heralding it, one day a half-Elf had walked into the entrance exam.
A strange, infuriating Grand Mage she vaguely recalled before her master had even been an Archmage. A dangerous unknown quantity.
Yet he had surpassed every expectation, survived Zelkyr’s trap, which he had boasted would even fool a Dragon’s insight, and…freed her. He had not destroyed them all, and he could have. He had trapped her, and he could have damaged or destroyed her while she was captive.
Eldavin had not. He had freed her. Or rather, removed the loyalty spell in her very being.
She hated him for it.
 
——
 
Cognita sat about three feet under the ground. She’d dug herself a hole with relative ease and let the surf re-cover it. She didn’t breathe and the water was as meaningless as the dirt. The lack of light and suffocating sand around her didn’t bother her.
Nor did it make her feel better. She couldn’t…couldn’t…couldn’t remember how she loved him. All she felt now was anger. Loss. A desire to end Wistram, or go above herself. Yet that would be a violation of her orders.
“I am Master Zelkyr’s most beloved creation.”
Cognita whispered to herself. And then the Golem’s marble face twisted.
“No I am not. He took her with him. Not me.”
Here was a fact she had never considered—no, consciously avoided. Cognita was one of three Truestone Golems Zelkyr had ever made. First of the three. One of her sisters had perished on Rhir.
“Kharneva.”
Even now, it hurt. Cognita remembered the shock, the terror in her being, and over it all, the sense of incredulity. We are still inferior? Our master is not…perfect?
The Deathless had slain Kharneva, who was the Gnoll, or at times, Human. The second Truestone Golem created, who could alter her stone to a greater extent than Cognita or her other sister could.
And he had taken Ovesire above. Not me.
No matter how she tried to logic it differently, say that she was trusted with a greater role…she knew her master. The one he trusted to watch him in the places where [Archmages] before had roamed, had left all their knowledge and traps, was the Golem he trusted with his life.
It was not her.
Underground, Cognita opened her eyes. She felt nothing. Or more accurately, she had no nerve endings, no tactile feeling. She sensed what she touched, could control her strength, but it was not touch like she had heard it described.
She smelled nothing, although she could again sense changes in the air. She could see, and hear. But she tasted naught. Smelled not. Felt naught.
It meant that the emotions whirling around her on the inside had no distraction. Cognita dug herself out of the hole. She scared the living hell out of the half-Gazer and Drowned ship both watching her as she stomped back onto land, but Cognita hadn’t even noticed them.
“Master. Did you ever love me?”
She no longer knew. What a cruel thing that half-Elf had done to her. Did that mean she was no longer loyal, if the spell was gone? That she had been…
