8.40 CTV
Page 31
“The Goblins used Chests of Holding. Not Bags of Holding. They clearly raided caravans and I think we can actually trace their raids to attacks on a Drake city…Hectval. We’ve looked into a possible base and it’s almost certainly in the High Passes.”
“What’s the difference between the two?”
Lord Rigrald was clearly not of the House of El, who knew all about artifact differences. Cameral elaborated.
“Chests of Holding have many times the carrying space of a Bag of Holding, Lord Rigrald. Caravans make use of them and armies. I have no doubt the Five Families make use of them.”
“We do…and why don’t we just have lots of those?”
“Well, they weigh something. Bags of Holding have immense weight reduction. Chests of Holding trade it off for carrying space. I’m guessing the Wyverns could lift them—for a bit. They can carry a cow off. Multiple passes with that is multiple dust storm spells. As for the attack itself, it’s clear they only wanted to hold down Adventurer Merdon and the Gold-ranks. One Silver-rank casualty means they were stalling. And while they did…”
 
——
 
Tyrion Veltras listened to the [Strategists] patiently explain to Rigrald and the listeners what he and Jericha already knew. They were probably worth their coin. They had ways to prevent this happening; by all rights, as they pointed out, the Healer should have had a safe room and inner checkpoints to fall back into, and a host of other defenses.
Once attacked, rebuild higher and stronger. But the attack is still done.
The thought was vague and distant. He couldn’t focus on this. Lord Tyrion walked away.
A [Lord] had duties. Even if his guest and son were…kidnapped, by an attacking force in the middle of the night, and spirited away to a place he only suspected, and had no proof of, he still had duties.
Tyrion Veltras lived by duty. Loyalty to the land and people. So he was here.
“The Healer of Tenbault is a treasure of Izril. We must get her back, Lord Veltras. Pursuit is underway, but if House Veltras were to join in…”
Lord Rigrald beseeched Tyrion. The [Lord] just sat there.
I shouldn’t have ridden out. How did they get to Ryoka inside the mansion and get her out so fast? Sammial?
“Lord Tyrion? Lord Tyrion…”
Jericha interrupted as the [Lord] stirred. She hastily spoke up.
“I believe, ah, Lord Veltras is wondering as to the efficacy of one single [Healer]. We will join the hunt, but it is one woman, isn’t it?”
The others looked at her, disbelieving. Lord Rigrald pointed at the looted inner sanctum of Tenbault.
“The Healer of Tenbault is able to heal any injury!”
“One to three times per day. She heals approximately…seven hundred people per year. That is our estimate. She makes quite a lot of money…that is shared with House Reinhart, Tenbault to a smaller extent, but is largely hers. She is not necessarily that beneficial to Izril, Lord Rigrald.”
Tyrion Veltras glanced over at Jericha’s numbers of people healed and an income—estimated—that staggered belief. As Lord Rigrald spluttered outrage, Tyrion spoke.
“House Veltras could train ten [Healers] and exceed that number four times over, spread across different areas.”
“Yes, Lord Veltras.”
“But the Healer of Tenbault can heal any—”
Tyrion’s memory prodded him. He spoke, looking past Rigrald, past the Named Adventurer.
“She can heal anything, yes. Few can afford her services. As I recall, when my sons were sick, she refused to heal them. Tenbault is famously independent. Apolitical.”
The [Mayor] of Tenbault blanched and some of the Healer’s people turned pale. Tyrion Veltras glanced at Jericha, and she nodded.
