8.40 CTV
Page 0

Unfun fact: of the countless illicit and legal substances over all of history, intoxicants to hallucinogens to medicines, mind-altering drinks, ingestibles, snacks, and every manner of potion and alchemical creations, no one ever made alcohol for Golems.
Of course, many people would not naturally see the point of such a creation and its lack spoke to the inherent difference between ‘Golems’ and ‘people’. Even undead, the literal absence of life that could result in yawning voids of malice dedicated to the destruction of all living beings…had drinks and food of their own developed over existence.
That was because undead were people, or could be, as in the case of Revenants and the rare undead that could attain sentience that negated their intrinsic malice.
But Golems? Never. They had gone through cycles of creation, perfection unto actual sentience and personality, and then inevitable destruction.
Not once had they had the time to create substances for their own enjoyment. Not once…had they been a people long enough to have anything close to recreation.
How was that for depressing? It was just one of those things no non-Golem would ever think of. Drinks, so you can stop working? Don’t make me laugh! Get back to work!
In which case Cognita would probably, and delicately, squish their skulls. She would like to. How tempting was it? After over a century of her custodianship of Wistram, how tempting would it be to simply…slaughter all the [Mages] and lock the gates? Hold Wistram with no living beings in it, and when the armies came, activate one of the great, dangerous spells, and wipe the Academy of Mages clean off the face of the earth?
It was a thought that Cognita had never had before. Oh, she had plenty of dislike for the Archmages that came and went without ever attaining the true class. Animosity towards certain [Mages] that made themselves nuisances over the years—although she had killed more than a few said nuisances when they overstepped—but never actual murder, actual destruction of the Academy of Mages.
Because, of course, why would she do that? The Academy was the beloved sanctuary, home, and possession of her master. To harm it, or jeopardize his power in any way?
It should not be. It could not be. Cognita was the loyal servant of Archmage Zelkyr, his most faithful, favored…beloved…?
The old mantra had been like breathing, and Cognita did not breathe, but she had known it every second she had existed. I am beloved. My faith is absolute. Loyalty beyond question. Service into eternity.
Even when he left, even when she waited years, decades, and a century, it had kept her here. Had it begun to wane? Perhaps, perhaps. Yet it had still defined her.
Now it was gone.
 
——
 
Cognita thought about destroying Wistram as she sat underwater, or partly. The nine foot tall Golem was sitting in the water, but her head and shoulders were partly above water until a wave rolled over her.
It wasn’t exactly strong water around Wistram, but she’d found the most-buffeted part of Wistram, far from the docks, where craggy rocks formed the base of the barren island that the Academy of Mages stood on.
She sat there, staring at the rock. Inferior rock to her; barely solid substrate unearthed by some kind of seismic shifting. Not porous; a decent foundation, but weathered and covered in algae due to the constant seawater bath.
The Truestone Golem, worth more than any three average nations combined in sheer mineral value, let alone her nature as a Golem herself, sat in the surf.
