8.40 CTV
Page 14
So much water. If there had been time to make Water Golems, and if the Archmage of Nagas had not been able to twist them or destroy them, Zelkyr had moaned, he could have routed the Lizardfolk in their natural terrain.
Water. Thousands of Lizardfolk were sounding the alarm. Cognita heard them shouting, closing in. Nets caught her limbs. They were trying to capture her. She kept looking at the water as she fought forwards.
“I can be more than this.”
The Heitore flickered across her face. Like the Lizardfolks’ color-changing scales. Like a chameleon changing, at lightning-speed.
Cognita’s ‘skin’ turned bright yellow and transparent. Like quartz. It revealed her inner self, her Golem’s Heart. The Gorgons dragging at her hesitated. A Lamia [Wizard] saw which stone she’d shifted to and shouted a warning.
“Zap Topaz! Get out of the water! Get out of th—”
She tried to cast an anti-lightning spell. But Cognita was lightning. The first bolt of electricity did not arc down from clear skies, but from the figure which generated it.
The Truestone Golem strode out of the muck. She advanced over drying ground, her Truestone changing. Learning.
Change to be light as can be. Beyond lightweight. To stone that defies gravity. 
Leap—and change to Heitore. Unbreakable defense.
The Truestone Golem plunged her hands into the stone walls as she climbed. The screaming Lizardfolk, throwing stones down at her, fled as she climbed onto the walls. The Drake army, fighting in the shadow of one of their taken fortresses, saw the figure glowing atop the walls.
Lightning. The Archmage of Waters looked up as Cognita of Wistram hurled a bolt of lightning down at him from the fortress she had claimed by herself. He tried to drown her, blast her with water, but she was an unyielding stone in the wake of tidal waves. She was what the Nagas broke against, and when she clapped her hands, thunder spoke and lightning fell.
That was the day she learned what Truestone meant.
 
——
 
Cognita stood there, listening, so still and quiet that Dawil, telling the story, didn’t see her until she stepped into the light.
He froze. So did the [Mages] and Earthers, who had been listening to the tale they told everywhere in the world but Wistram.
Trey had listened to the tale of how the first Truestone Golem had single-handedly destroyed an army, climbed into a fortress, routed the defenders, and then matched the Archmage of Waters in a ranged battle, spell for spell.
It seemed incredible, to look at plain Cognita, who never did any of that. Until Trey remembered Eldavin’s battlefield.
He could believe it. The [Mages] of Wistram liked to forget, or pretend such stories didn’t exist.
“Er…I beg your pardon, Miss Golem. I didn’t mean to insult anyone, by telling old tales. I was just saying…”
Dawil stared up at Cognita as she approached. The Truestone Golem looked at him, and her head turned.
“Falene Skystrall of the Centrists faction. You have returned to the academy after years of absence.”
“Yes, Cognita?”
The Golem gave the [Battlemage] a cool look.
“I congratulate you on your continued survival. This is your companion, Dawil of the Silver Swords.”
“At your service, Miss Cognita. I hope I didn’t offend?”
The Truestone Golem saw Dawil bow slightly. She looked at him, thoughtfully.
“I remember that day differently. That is all.”
Trey sucked in his breath. The audience looked at Cognita. Someone tittered nervously, but fell silent when the Truestone Golem looked sideways.
