8.40 CTV
Page 29
The sentries, shining lanterns around, saw a flickering shape running their way. They pointed.
“Someone’s out there! Open the gates?”
“It could be a trap. Get the [Mayor]! Get—”
The figure darted out of sight. A terrified, twisted face, full of a horror that chilled the [Sentry] to her core. She reached for a bow. Turned, trying to track…
Gone. Where was…? The [Sentry] swung her lantern, but the figure was gone. She screamed an alarm.
The entire village took to the walls, sent a [Message] spell to the nearest city. All night they watched, waiting for the monster, looking for the man who’d run past the [Sentries], screaming.
They never found him. That was the most terrifying thing still. He had vanished in a moment. They didn’t know why. But they milled about, not sleeping.
Because the zombie vanished into a cloud of invisible dust that settled over the hamlet. Tolveilouka sensed it. Controlling them from afar.
One, two, three, four…different spots. He activated more scrolls, using them up to send more carefully-prepared undead to places across Izril. Nothing to save. Nothing to waste.
Just…vengeance.
 
——
 
Some days it felt like all of Izril was constantly under attack. That was obviously an exaggeration; in truth, it wasn’t so much wars as…little things.
Bloodfeast Raiders were a calamity whenever they struck at random, but lesser [Bandit] groups, monster attacks? If you wanted to protect Izril, then it was a thousand small fires.
Sometimes larger fires.
“Goblins.”
That was all the Named Adventurer said. Crowdcaller Merdon sat covered in dust, face and eyes nearly swollen shut, cut across the chest once; it hadn’t healed despite the healing potion application.
The other adventurers, Gold-rank and Silvers, milled about, looking…shell shocked. Jericha knew the look, if not the phrase.
“They swept in. Hit the city, and were gone before relief could get there. Believe me, my [Lord]…we rode as fast as we could! But they were gone within less than an hour, and while we’re still giving chase, the Healer…”
The Healer of Tenbault, the famous savior and tender to the afflicted, had been kidnapped. Her most powerful protector sat there, looking beaten.
“Dust clouds. An entire army of Goblins somehow snuck up on Tenbault and multiple teams of adventurers. How?”
An angry person demanded. It wasn’t just House Veltras that had come to investigate this disaster. House Terland and El both had a presence in the region, and both had turned out for the Healer.
Because she was that important. Enough so that Lord Tyrion Veltras had himself ridden towards Tenbault. It was something he could do at a speed he and his personal escort could travel at; if Magnolia Reinhart’s carriage could carry her across Izril in a flash, so could Tyrion move on horseback.
However, Lord Tyrion did not join in the loud condemnation. He stood there, regarding Tenbault as Jericha conducted the interview, but he was staring into the horizon.
Like a man ten thousand miles away. The [Lord] from the House of Terland kept eying him, realizing something was off, but he turned back to remonstrating with the flinching city’s mayor. Which was not fair, as Jericha well knew; the Healer and her personal protection ran the city.
“How did a Goblin army sneak up on the city, defeat a Named Adventurer, and…and…?”
The [Lord] waved his hands, trying to encompass the disaster. There was silence before a confident, trying-not-to-be-annoyed voice spoke out of the speaking stone.
