8.40 CTV
Page 19
What Cognita did was sit and stare, head in her hands. There were few chairs that could take her weight, but she was so tall that she could sit on the ground, cross-legged, and still be roughly at a height with the desk.
In Aaron’s room. He pointed and Elena, Aaron, George, all peeked in at Cognita. She ignored his magic-tech experiments. Ignored the spellbooks, illustrations, notes, and secret knowledge that was making Aaron sweat—tightly contained in the notebook.
She didn’t care about it, even if she knew it existed. The Truestone Golem was staring at something else.
The computer. It was a hotly sought-after commodity among the [Mages]. Aaron had one, mainly because he had finally pointed out that all the [Mages] did was stare in awe at the most basic programs or watch movies. He could actually use one.
“What’s she doing?”
Elena had come running to Aaron’s rooms from her position in the Terras faction when she’d heard Cognita had evicted Aaron from his room and opened his computer. The Golem was sitting there, head propped up on her hands, but not typing.
She had used the computer fairly adroitly, not slapping on the keys or nearly breaking the screen by bending the laptop this way or that like some idiots. But what was she doing?
The Humans edged in and peered at the screen. What Cognita was doing was staring at an open icon. A little, waiting program on the computer.
Its name…or her name if you wanted to anthropomorphize the program, was ‘Cortana’. Which was a joke about…artificial intelligence…and a nod to a video game character by the designers of the operating system.
In truth, it was more of a glorified search tool. It was more ‘intelligent’ than older programs, and it pretended to answer you at times—there were even assistant tools on phones and such. But it wasn’t actual intelligence, just the imitation of it, a nod to what might be if Earth’s technology continued to advance. A funny joke if you got the references.
Aaron, Elena, and George weren’t laughing. Watching Cognita stare at the Windows operating system based program wasn’t funny.
“Um—Cognita—that program doesn’t work. It’s just a program. I don’t think it even works without internet.”
She didn’t respond. Elena turned to Aaron and George. Which one of you morons told her about AI?
The answer was neither. Cognita heard and knew more than anyone guessed. Golems heard a lot. Even so, she watched the waiting program.
“There is nothing there. Not yet.”
Aaron exhaled hard, and George looked relieved. Right until Cognita’s head turned and she looked at them.
“Your world does not interest me as much as the [Mages], Aaron Vanwell. This, though. Your Earth is a world without magic. You people of numbers and metal…you still made something and named it to be like me.”
“What, Cortana? That’s just a silly program. It’s not actual artificial intelligence.”
George tried to laugh. Cognita nodded, face blank.
“But you want it.”
“I don’t want it. I think AI will try to exterminate everyone.”
George clarified. Elena and Aaron gave him a strange look. Cognita smiled.
“And if they did not? Would you want this?”
“…Not if it’s a person. Maybe if it made things better, but if it’s an actual sentient being, it has rights.”
The [Student], and apparently aspiring [Philosopher], looked satisfied with his answer. Cognita just raised her brows.
“Thank you for your meaningless opinion.”
Then she went back to staring at the screen. The Truestone Golem just…stared. At something only she could see.
