8.40 CTV
Page 32
“We will consider House Veltras’ involvement in the hunt.”
They moved back. Tyrion stood there a while, until Jericha came over from conferring with the others, now eager to cajole and flatter.
“Frankly, Lord Veltras, unless you join the hunt, they’re on the Goblin’s tail. So many people invested in getting the Healer back means they’re stepping on each other’s toes. We could lead the chase…it’s just that Tenbault is not part of House Veltras’ aegis. They’re hinting they could strike a deal with us, but not committing.”
“Mm.”
Sammial. Tyrion stood there until something Jericha said caught his attention.
“What was that?”
She looked up.
“I said, I don’t think this is typical of House Reinhart’s holdings, Lord Veltras. Magnolia Reinhart’s hand isn’t here.”
“How so?”
Tyrion’s curiosity pushed past the thoughts whirling around in his head. Jericha nodded at the rich home of the Healer.
“Magnolia Reinhart’s lands are famously safe. Her aegis keeps them from being the regular target of attacks, but she still maintains presences with her assets, as we’ve seen.”
“True. The [Assassins] never infiltrated. Only attacked.”
“Yes, Lord Veltras. Because they couldn’t. Her staff are anti-infiltration specialists and good fighters. If Tenbault was a priority for Lady Reinhart, she would have had at least two high-level [Maid]-auxiliaries who would have hidden the Healer or defended her. And some of the precautions mentioned by these [Strategists].”
That did sound like Magnolia Reinhart. Tyrion bestirred himself.
“…Wasn’t the Healer of Tenbault first revealed by her? She contributes some of her income to House Reinhart.”
Jericha shrugged.
“That’s exactly so, Lord Tyrion. We did believe she had [Maids] or staff here…twelve years ago. They’ve clearly left since then.”
“Needed elsewhere?”
“That’s not Magnolia Reinhart’s style. My guess is…she created the Healer of Tenbault, Lord Veltras, and we don’t know how, although I submitted theories. The Healer of Tenbault was the dream of many desperate people. It may be that Magnolia Reinhart didn’t particularly care for how the dream played out.”
It was as poetical as Jericha ever waxed. Interesting. Tyrion had no real animosity towards the Healer, but no real interest. He was…distracted.
 
——
 
The House of Veltras departed Tenbault and shot across Izril. One of the Five Families. Tyrion Veltras was the face of it, but he was not all of House Veltras, just like Magnolia Reinhart was not all of House Reinhart.
They were just the most noticeable, the leaders, the high-levelled. You had to explain that to anyone who wanted to pick up on Izril’s politics. It was so easy to mistake one for all, and children and outsiders were both equally ignorant.
The little children of House Wellfar sat solemnly in the city of Weldorisa, the base and strength of their house. First Landing had many of the Five Families, but this city was a place for them.
A port to the north-east, east of First Landing. Literally built off the coast, incidentally. The classroom bobbed, as the entire building floated. A city that rose and fell with the tide and waves.
It wasn’t as systematic as the actual classrooms and teachers that the Houses of El and Terland employed. Their ‘teacher’ was just one of the [Ladies] of the House of Wellfar. She was giving an impromptu lecture, so they were glad to snack and eat here. Some were especially glad, because they were going through their Mooring Years, a term unique to the Wellfar family.
