8.40 CTV
Page 15
“I…may I ask what was wrong, Miss Cognita? I wouldn’t want to get the details wrong if I retold the story, but not many people are alive that were—there.”
Dawil was uncharacteristically flustered. The Golem blinked down at him.
“Your story is mostly substantive, Dawil Ironbreaker. The inaccuracies are of perspective.”
“And you did all that?”
“You sound incredulous, Aaron Vanwell.”
Cognita did not turn her head. She was looking at Dawil, as if interested. The young man had a too-familiar smile, to Trey’s mind. He treated Cognita less like the object some of Wistram’s [Mages] did…but too familiarly for Trey. As if he hadn’t just heard of how she matched an [Archmage] blow for blow, he shrugged.
“I just can’t imagine it, Cognita. You never do anything like that.”
She made a sound. Trey edged his seat back a bit.
“That is typical of my observations of Humans, Aaron Vanwell. I am the same Cognita of then. If anything, I am the greater Golem than the one in the story, for my master improved me since that day. If nothing else changes, do you have reason to doubt I am capable of everything you have heard of?”
Aaron opened his mouth and Cognita finally looked at him.
“Or must you see something for it to be real?”
He didn’t answer her. Cognita looked around. Her gaze caught Trey’s for a second, then she looked around the room.
 
——
 
Incredible. To the Truestone Golem, it was incredible. The Dwarf believed. So did Trey Atwood. But she saw incredulity, dismissiveness. A belief of exaggeration.
Were they incapable of abstract thought? Or had their stupidity managed to shut down their higher functions? Cognita looked around.
“I am Cognita. Cognita of Wistram, as some named me. I am the same Golem who stood by Archmage Zelkyr’s side. That I do not prove my strength does not diminish who I am. It is foolish to assume otherwise. But that is your failing. Perhaps you have forgotten. Then: this is a reminder.”
She lifted her arms. In the gaze of all those present, Cognita changed her arms.
Just her arms. To the nicknamed Zap Topaz. Not just her outer ‘skin’, her entire arms’ structure, because she was all Truestone. She had learned, since that day, to combine stone. Zap Topaz was merely the outer layer.
She saw the Dwarf knock over his chair, grab Trey Atwood, and dive to the floor. Cognita paid them no mind. The air charged in less than a second as her glowing arms, lit by inner blue fire and crystal, rose.
Cognita clapped her hands.
The sound her hands made was not like a regular clap. It was like…two pieces of stone hitting each other. It was still a fair approximation of a clapping sound, but distinctly less loud.
The [Mages] of Wistram jumped at the slight noise. Half of them were hiding under tables. They stared up as Cognita’s glowing arms stopped glowing.
The faint sound was accompanied by…nothing. No discharge of even a spark of lightning. No tremendous bang of thunder. Cognita glanced down at Dawil as the Dwarf rolled off the flattened Trey. She nodded at him.
“They tell stories of me in Illivere, Adventurer Dawil?”
Lying on his back, the Dwarf blinked up at her.
“…I think they’re fans, Miss Cognita. You have ‘em around the world.”
“Interesting. I did not know that. Thank you for telling me.”
She walked out of the banquet hall, swiftly, never looking back, her long stride carrying her away in heartbeats. The entire room was silent. After a while, someone laughed.
