8.40 CTV
Page 43
It was heading back. Seagrass wondered if Rasea had taken leave of her senses, but ordered his ships to instantly surround her. This was the end! Unless she was trying for him?
His mind buzzed with thoughts until one of his [Lookouts] shouted.
“Lord Seagrass! Ship approaching from starboard! Something…huge!”
“Ignore it! The Illuminary sinks today! Prepare for boarding!”
Seagrass strode down the decks as [Storm Sailors] cheered and geared up. Four ships prepared to close in, literally trap the Illuminary from all sides, heedless of the damage, and wipe them out. But then the [Lookout] bellowed.
“Lord Seagrass! It’s—it’s coming straight for us! It’s a capital-class ship! No. Citadel-class? K-Kraken’s tentacles! It’s…”
The [Stormlord] spun on his heel. He stared. The ship had been a dot on the horizon when the [Lookout] spotted it, beyond the naked eye’s range. By the time he fumbled for an enchanted spying glass, he almost didn’t need it. One of the [Storm Sailors] murmured, awed.
“Pride of the Wellfar! Look at it go! Those are Dragonsails it’s flying, Captain!”
“I can see that! Who in the abyss pissed off House Wellfar?”
“Maybe they heard about the Illuminary? Zecrew has to have hit them…”
The speed of Imor’s fleet slowed. He stared at the distant ship…no, the ship closing on them. How fast was it going? Then he felt the same thing Rasea had felt.
Ding. Ding.
It was more like the ship’s bell in his mind. That was the sound of Imor’s [Dangersense] going off. He hadn’t heard it ring that loudly for a while.
“Helm. Take us about.”
He breathed. The [Dauntless Helmsman] hesitated.
“Lord Seagrass?”
“Do it. Order the same for all ships! Abandon the chase! The Pride is…”
Coming straight at them. Seagrass hesitated. Of course, his naval operations were above-board, compared to Rasea’s piracy. But they had clashed with Wellfar shipping fleets more than once. There was no reason to go this far, was there? Wellfar never risked a board on their precious ship. There was no way…
“Who was captaining the Pride this time?”
“Uh…uh, someone new. Etril Wellfar.”
“Never heard of him. Who is—”
Then Imor Seagrass recalled. Wasn’t that Gresaria Wellfar’s son? He did a quick calculation based on personality.
“All about! Full speed!”
 
——
 
Tyrion Veltras stood on the deck watching both groups turn tail. He glanced at Etril Wellfar.
“These are not Ailendamus ships.”
“No. So what? They’ve both stolen from House Wellfar and held up our ships.”
Etril Wellfar calmly watched the other vessels. He turned to his [First Mate].
“And when do we let [Pirates] go?”
The [First Mate] glanced at the [Helmswoman]. The man looked at Etril oddly.
“Is that a fucking joke, Captain? Never.”
“Good answer. Arm artillery spells!”
Tyrion Veltras checked himself. He turned to Jericha and the others.
“Belowdecks. Prepare for boarding—”
“No need.”
Etril cut him off. He raised a hand and Tyrion saw the [Ship Mage] raise a glowing key.
“Raise the barriers.”
A glowing wall of magic appeared around the Pride of the Wellfar’s prow, like armor, suspended in midair. Then a second layer; an aerial wall that blocked a spinning ballista bolt and blew the object to smithereens. Then a third magical shield…Tyrion Veltras glanced over the railing.
Swey puked again, just in time to watch the bile vanish as a spell materialized.
 
——
 
“Dead gods! Evade! Ev—”
The first oversized pillar of lightning blew a hole in the sea. The Illuminary shot past Seagrass as his ships turned around and scattered.
“Imor! I didn’t know you pissed off Wellfar!”
