8.40 CTV
Page 5
“You don’t say? Now there’s something. I might have to ask for an auto-graph. You know, writing on cardboard? Although if that fellow’s as angry as he was yesterday…maybe not.”
“Mhm. I’ll give you one if you like.”
“Ah…pass.”
Dawil sighed as he stood there. It had been a long journey, made longer by the Silver Swords’ usual method of travel; stopping whenever there was a monster or person in need. They’d still been on Izril when the Village of the Dead raid went down, and though they’d kept moving since the Village of the Dead was a suicide run, they’d halted a few days right on the coast to argue about heading back.
Then Yvlon had turned up in Chandrar of all places, but the worry that she was dead, guilt over not going to the raid, had led to Ylawes putting some of the blame on Falene insisting they had to go back to Wistram.
Words had been said. Words that Dawil had been frankly astonished to learn Ylawes was capable of saying, let alone knew.
Falene hadn’t handled it well either. Now they were headed to Wistram and might be off to Chandrar in a hot second, but Dawil wanted both his teammates to calm down, possibly with the help of some friendly magic.
They were just heading into port when a second ship, also bearing for Wistram, blasted past them. Dawil felt the wind and heard Jexal curse.
“Watch it, you salt-blinded idiot! Are you trying to scuttle both of us?”
He’d seen the ship coming, of course, but it had been propelled by clearly-magical winds. The [Captain] on the other vessel, a Human woman, shouted.
“Very sorry! Courier ship on…priority delivery for…”
She blasted past them so quickly that neither Dwarf nor half-Elf heard all of it. Jexal cursed, but he was mollified as the Courier ship began to flash something at them with colored lanterns.
“What’s this now?”
“Ship-speak. Hold on…ah. Well, that’s right of her.”
The colored lanterns were to let ships ‘talk’ when distance or regular spells were no good. Dawil had also heard you could send magical lights up to do it at extreme range, but he was fascinated to see it in person.
“Awful lot of work to do when you can just [Message] each other.”
“Ah, but Drowned Ships love to listen for those spells and ambush us. Also, you have to have two [Mages] who can sense each other…and in a bad magical storm it’s no good. And some things sense magic like that. You don’t want to cast [Message] in Kraken’s Pass.”
Jexal shuddered. He went on, steering his ship in the wake of the Courier-ship.
“That was an apology and an invitation to have a drink. Good of her. That’s the Four Winds of Teral, by the way.”
“No. The same Courier ship that did that delivery to Baleros? With the cure?”
“Very same. Saw how fast they were going? They can use all four winds. I heard they once outran a Kraken at sea. And those bastards have mile-long tentacles! Multiple hearts, multiple brains in a single appendage. You want to get to Chandrar after Terandria? See if the Four Winds is headed back that way. It’ll be faster than anything else going.”
“We might just do that. Captain Jexal, think if I asked to tag along and pay my drinks…?”
The half-Elf considered it, then grinned and slapped Dawil on the shoulder.
“Why not? I reckon the team that knows the Horns would be interesting company.”
The team that knows the Horns of Hammerad. So that was where they were? Dawil had to shake his head at the fickle nature of adventuring. The Silver Swords were a famous team in northern Izril, but it didn’t extend to the sea in terms of credentials.
