8.40 CTV
Page 9
Trey looked at Astritha, one of the first-year students in his group of friends. She wasn’t as familiar to him as the others. It was Tov, the Drowned Man, who shook his head.
“I haven’t seen it. What is it?”
“It’s…a tapestry. Of Archmage Zelkyr. Everyone wants it removed. Some of the [Mages] say it’s an affront. But Cognita put it up so no one dares touch it. It’s, um. A tapestry. Of Archmage Zelkyr.”
Astritha chose her words carefully. Carn, or Calac Crusland, tapped his fingers impatiently on the table.
“What’s controversial about that? The fact that he’s the last [Archmage]?”
“No…well, the older [Mages] don’t like that, I guess. But the tapestry’s, um…”
Tov, Trey, Carn, all looked blank. The Drowned Man, Tov, looked left as the Gazer, Goelv, elaborated.
“It is of Archmage Zelkyr without any clothes. Lying on his side, in what I would assume to be a flattering pose. I do not know Drake anatomy. Mess?”
‘Mess’, or Messill, stopped eating at the table the first years were sharing.
“Goelv. I’m trying not to think about it as I eat. Is it flattering? I guess. Please stop reminding me.”
“The painting has an ornamental fan in the way, but it, uh, leaves little for the imagination.”
Astritha whispered to the others. Emirea, or Lady Emirea du Merrimorn, the little Human girl from Terandria, turned red.
“Alright. I’m never going down that corridor again.”
Carn growled. The others looked at each other. It was funny—until you remembered who was doing this.
Cognita? Something was up, and Trey was one of the few people who could have said why. But because that was a huge secret, he kept his lips shut.
“Did you hear there’s a team of Gold-ranks? The Silver Swords? From Izril! They’re fairly famous, apparently, and one of them’s a half-Elf from the Centrists. A [Battlemage]! Do you think she’ll teach some practical classes or tell stories?”
“Never heard of them. They must be from the north.”
Messill yawned. Trey, on the other hand, was quite interested.
“I’d like to see them.”
“Well, they’re staying around the academy. The [Knight] is handsome, but he’s scowling all the time.”
Astritha sighed, looked around at the all-male group aside from Emirea, who was only 11 herself, and realized she didn’t have an audience. Well…Tov leaned over.
“How handsome are we talking about?”
He looked serious. Astritha laughed like it was a joke, but Carn gave Tov a slightly strange look. So did Messill.
Trey just wondered if Cognita was going to murder them all as a Golem shaped like a Human, whom you could almost mistake for a person at first glance, came to remove dishes from the table.
He really had to get Amerys and get out of here. But Eldavin had him under personal apprenticeship and for now…
Trey gulped down his food as someone called his name.
“Sorry, I’ll catch up. Studying after class with Magus Rievan?”
They all nodded. In truth, it was a lot of Trey mentoring some of the weaker students. He had personal lessons from Eldavin, to the point where the Grand Magus had suggested he leave Rievan’s beginner class; Trey was already miles ahead of everyone else due to his tutoring from Gazi.
Nevertheless, he liked his fellow students and they were about the only ones he did like in the [Mage] group. As for the Earthers…
“Troy! Troy, get over here. Come meet some adventurers with us! And someone new!”
“Hey. I knew a Troy.”
Aaron, Elena, and some of the Earthers not now taking classes were milling around the banquet room at breakfast. They had a new Earther with them. Trey blinked and shook Leon’s hand.
“You knew a Troy?”
“Yeah, but he didn’t come with.”
