8.40 CTV
Page 35
“Maviola El was my mother’s rival. They were the oldest friends. I hear she chased after my father. Hah. Imagine me born to the House of El?”
Tyrion hesitated. This entire line of conversation wasn’t something he was at home with. He looked at Etril.
“Lady Gresaria’s passing and Lord Regein’s were a tragedy. You have brought more members of the Circle of Thorns to justice than any other. Do you intend to give up the hunt?”
“I can’t find any more of them. I’ll keep my ears open, but I can’t sail around forever. We are united in that, Lord Tyrion Veltras. ”
Etril shrugged. He looked past Tyrion. The Lord saw him glance out of the pub.
“So she’s gone missing again. Sounds like Couriers to me. As for the rest? I agree.”
Lord Tyrion sat there a moment.
“Just like that? I am prepared to speak to the other members of—”
“Lord Tyrion. You don’t see me sailing into House Veltras and giving orders as if it were my ship. Wellfar doesn’t need a council. I have my ships and I can do as I please. Speak to me later and let me sort out what needs sorting. Don’t you have somewhere to be?”
The younger man looked pointedly towards Jericha, waiting at the back of the bar. It was the rudest interaction thus far. Tyrion was grateful for it. He stood up, nodded. He was striding away when Etril called out after him.
“Lord Veltras! Don’t mistake my inhospitality now. We’ll speak later. You have my word.”
“I see. Thank you.”
 
——
 
Brief interactions. Lord Tyrion Veltras felt like he blinked and then he was standing in front of Ulva Terland.
She had something approximating a proper throne. Although her inner sanctums were closer to a paradise like Tenbault; there were so many protective warding spells and rejuvenating artifacts—not to mention Golems on patrol—that it had taken four hours to meet with her. Practically as much time as the ride.
“You know, Tyrion, we received much the same missive as you did. It did not…occur to me to compare notes.”
“Indeed, Lady Ulva?”
She scowled.
“Ailendamus and the Dawn Concordat. One wanted us to engage in a war like mercenaries. A rather insulting note. As for Calanfer? Always charming. Little to offer. I dislike wasting House Terland’s might. Nor do I care for constant war.”
She leaned back on the dais, enchanted to keep her healthy. She had seen her twin sister die in the Second Antinium War. So she too knew loss.
Her eyes glittered as she looked down at Tyrion. Her House listened, quietly, some with little serving Golems or bodyguards. This was the House of Terland and they had ‘toys’ of old.
“Your war with the Goblin Lord took longer than it needed, although your grand scheme nearly came to fruition. War. War. Will we ever have peace for more than a decade?”
“Lady Ulva…”
She lifted a hand. The [Lady] went on, breathing into a scented vial designed to rejuvenate her and purge poisons.
“I understand your reasons, Lord Veltras. Yet House Terland does not see war as profitable. Seek the House of El for weapons. Seek Reinharts for their [Assassins]—if they have any left. You will find no army here.”
Her speech made the [Lords] and [Ladies] nod. They were not keen on Tyrion’s proposal. Even so…even so. Ulva glanced down at Tyrion.
“For the reasons you gave. That one alone—not the Courier. I will grant you a small concession. Three.”
She lifted three fingers. There was a susurration, cut off. Tyrion’s head rose.
“Three, Lady Terland?”
“Three. Choose them. We assent to the rest. Did you speak to Wellfar?”
“Lord Etril Wellfar, milady.”
Ulva’s eyes gleamed.
