8.40 CTV
Page 18
Viltach and Eldavin hit the book with a spell at the same time. The idiot used water. Eldavin just sucked the oxygen out of the air. The smoking tome, still in Cognita’s hand, fell to the floor as she tossed it aside.
“What are you doing, Cognita? This is unlike you. Destroying Wistram’s property?”
Cognita stood there, seeming…taller than usual. Her marble face did not change, but her green jade eyes seemed to shift in color, perhaps the nature of the rock shifting. Her stare swept back towards the half-Elf.
“I am correcting an error, Grand Magus Eldavin. That book is much like your tale. Revisionist history from Zelkyr’s later contemporaries.”
She meant a more modern author. Not dead; she’d never call him that. Eldavin glanced at the modern book.
“And? Revisionist? I’d rather say I was accurate.”
“Biased, Grand Magus. You were biased. You recounted a tale of Archmage Chandler’s great triumph. With the mantle of the storyteller who was there and saw it happen.”
“I did.”
Viltach glanced at Eldavin. Cognita was unmoved.
“So did I, Grand Magus. I was there as well. Do you know what I call into question?”
“I am sure you will inform me.”
“Your characterization of Archmage Zelkyr. These books. They depict a selfish Drake. A [Mage] who has left Wistram in a state of reduced strength. An arrogant fool.”
Cognita’s eyes were definitely shining now. She was angry. Eldavin was preparing spells even as he replied.
“And you object. You would rather have me glorify him? Come, Cognita. Even loyalty has limits.”
I freed you of that. The half-Elf’s mismatched gaze and Cognita’s locked, and Viltach felt like he was feeling an aura clash. He edged backwards, but then the Truestone Golem shook her head.
“Archmage Zelkyr…was not without flaws.”
The [Mages] blinked. Even Eldavin had not expected that from Cognita. Was this a good sign? Yet the Truestone Golem dismissively pulled another book from the shelf, read through it, and tossed it aside. She looked around.
“He was not perfect. Nor was he incompetent. Nor was he a fool alone. I was there at his side through his later life. In your account, in these biased stories by flawed [Historians], where are the tales of the Archmage of Golems? They tell stories of me. Where are his? Do you know any, Archmage Viltach?”
“Me? You mean…when he damaged one of the Walled Cities?”
Cognita narrowed her eyes.
“No. I mean his stories. Where is the Drake who slew an Adult Creler when he was Level 20? He carried scars the rest of his life from that day. Where is the tale of when he bested an [Assassin] in a duel of daggers? You say you are telling accurate tales of Zelkyr. I see only flaws. If you would tell me you know my master, then tell me both sides. This…all these books?”
She reached out, plucked one of the tomes she had read, and casually ripped it in half. The paper tore with an explosive sound.
“Cognita, enough!”
“He was more than a fool, Grand Magus. He was not always a hero. He was neither extreme. You lie well, but you do lie. I have finished here. There is little truth for me. I came here to judge. Isn’t that what you desired?”
The Truestone Golem turned. The Grand Magus saw her walk away. He stared down at the burned and torn books and muttered an advanced [Repair] spell. Then he watched Cognita’s back, carefully, warily. Would she put all of his new plans into jeopardy? He should have destroyed her rather than foolishly pitying her for some reason.
Even he couldn’t predict what she was going to do next.
 
——
 
