8.40 CTV
Page 42
“My father died where I stand. My mother charged the Guild of Assassins alone. I stand in the Pride of the Wellfar, the greatest ship of the Five Families. We are going to make war on the nation that dared steal a son of the Five Families. That is why we stand with you. Even Reinhart, if you had asked. The Five Families protect their own. Fear. Fear?”
He began to laugh. Then stopped himself. Etril shook his head bitterly and turned, hands behind his back, as he regarded the glittering projection. He gestured at a framed portrait—two—behind him. At a woman captured mid-laugh, in the height of her life.
“If I fear anything, Tyrion, it is that I will never be half the man my mother was. Now. Shut up and let me captain my ship.”
Tyrion Veltras shut up. Etril Wellfar strode onto the deck. He glanced towards the horizon.
“Straight north. Where’s Ailendamus’ blockade?”
“Last sighting…”
“Don’t bother with coordinates. Steer us towards it, [Helmswoman].”
“Aye, Captain.”
 
——
 
The 4th Most Powerful [Lord] in the world, as named by the popular book by Krsysl Wordsmith, was Lord Imor Seagrass, the [Stormlord Captain] and leader of [Storm Sailor] fleets.
His fleet was one of the most powerful in the world, and famed for revitalizing trade routes normally plagued by [Pirates]. He was, in fact, escorting a huge shipment from Baleros.
One of the things he had in plenty were pacts, trade negotiations. One even with Magnolia Reinhart herself to ensure a steady supply of sugar to her lands. He’d gotten the worst of that deal, but Imor Seagrass was a rich man.
If he had one huge irritant in his life, it was that [Pirate]. One of the most feared [Pirates] living. The new wave of her kind. The continual rival to his power. The Tulm to his Niers, to use a Balerosian expression.
He was in hot pursuit of her, but his powerful fleet of eight, for all their speed and considerable firepower, couldn’t catch the fastest ship in the world.
The Illuminary. Lord Imor growled, demanding more speed from the laboring sails, but Rasea was mocking him, as her shining ship sped onwards.
“Rasea Zecrew! Come back and be brought to justice!”
Imor Seagrass roared. Which was funny because for all he was a ‘[Stormlord Captain]’, and his fleets were crewed by [Storm Sailors] as opposed to [Pirates] or Drowned Folk, he had been known to be just as opportunistic when it came to rival [Merchants] and enemy fleets.
Rasea was swerving her ship left and right, avoiding long-range artillery spells. The damned siege weapons that she’d looted off House of Minos ships that Imor Seagrass had wanted for his own fleets for years had taken down the mast of one of his vessels and inflicted light casualties on another, but it was a running battle over the last two hours as he tried to box her in.
Slowly. They were ships at sea and even the Illuminary wasn’t close to, say, Garuda air-battles. It was a game of boxing her in via terrain, hidden ships, using Skills…and making sure she didn’t outwit him, or get close enough to try for his head.
She’d nearly killed one of his tame Sea Serpents already. Her crew might be small, but they were deadly at hand-to-hand combat. That was how she fought. Charge in, cut down her foes, escape.
Seagrass was more defensive. But the two nemeses were battling across the northern Diwater straits, daring each other, but not able to take advantage of natural reefs or other hazards.
She was going to get away again! Seagrass pounded the helm and kept his eyes on the Illuminary—right up until it suddenly began to turn.
“What’s going on?”
