8.40 CTV
Page 39
Or [Light Bridge], the glowing ramp that shimmered out of existence, the ornate railings made of sculpted light fading away, able to carry nearly a hundred men shoulder-to-shoulder up and down in a single rank.
Whichever. ‘Gangplank’ fit. It was a ship, and it could create multiple such ramps if need be. For boarding, disembarking…
As the vessel turned, Etril Wellfar motioned to Tyrion Veltras of all the nobles present.
Veltras and Wellfar weren’t the only noble families represented here. Three of House Terland, each for a single Golem, were standing by their old, old charges. Two scions of the House of El, but more importantly, their cargo and warriors were belowdecks.
House Veltras’ sons and daughters and Lord Pellmia Quellae were the remainder of the group. Lord Tyrion walked across the deck to the [Captain]’s cabin at the bridge of the ship.
“Full speed.”
Etril Wellfar gave succinct orders. He didn’t need to be on deck just yet; they were just leaving the coast and heading into deeper waters. If he needed to hold his [Helmswoman]’s hand, or if the [First Mate] couldn’t handle it, they didn’t deserve their jobs.
“I told you I’d talk to you later, Lord Veltras. You moved fast. Did you even sleep? We were heading up the coast all day, picking up different groups.”
“[Swift Mustering].”
The [Lord] did not sit. Nor did Etril Wellfar. This was not a regular [Captain]’s quarters. Regular quarters were a mix between sleeping place and workplace, to organize notes, a home for men and women who lived on ships.
Etril had his own quarters below-decks. Not here. He was still unused to the intricacies of this ship. Still a bit in awe? Oh, certainly. And this [Captain]’s cabin was unique.
Not many cabins had a real-time map of the waters and landscape around it. Tyrion stared at an image of the two ships keeping pace with this one. His eyes swung to carefully-labelled positions around the cabin. Some with radii clearly marked. Various spell-mechanisms, ready to be activated.
Almost all required the [Captain]’s sigil, the crest of House Wellfar, coded to Etril at this moment. Others required keys, to avoid any chance of them activating accidentally.
There was so much magic in this place that it made Tyrion’s hair tingle. Etril Wellfar looked around, then walked forwards. He found a place that looked recently repaired, the wood refurbished, turned to Tyrion, and spread his arms.
“What do you think?”
The [Lord] of House Veltras looked at Etril. He barely felt the ship moving, but saw them leaving the coast at a speed most people on horseback would scarcely be able to believe.
“Lord Etril Wellfar. I thank you for accepting my request. I ask you again, however. You did not gain House Wellfar’s approval. Do you fear they will upbraid you for this?”
“For taking my ships to aid a Lord of House Veltras in finding his son? Lady Ulva Terland, Lord Deilan El. Myself. We know what it is like to lose family, Tyrion Veltras. So does any member of the Five Families. Who could gainsay Tyrion Veltras’ appeal, even without proof? No—it is for others to refuse to give aid. Not me.”
Etril Wellfar bared his teeth, and for a second, was the spitting image of Gresaria Wellfar. The fearless [Harbormistress] of First Landing. Not in facial features, though he had inherited the pale green of her hair, and the same tan from days in the sun. He trended more towards his father.
Just that smile. A kind of daring bordering on recklessness—or perhaps far over that line.
