8.40 CTV
Page 24
Teura looked terrified. Eldavin just locked his gaze on the jade green eyes.
“Who…”
They were on a crash course, but no one broke ranks. Telim was sweating and standing behind Sa’la.
“…rules…”
Eldavin saw Cognita striding faster. She’d probably crush anyone not wearing a barrier spell to paste. The Drakes from Fissival were looking at each other. The [Mage] audience were like gawking seagulls.
“…Wistram?”
Eldavin breathed. He suppressed the urge to flinch. Cognita’s leg was an inch, an inch from striking him when she stepped around him and kept walking. Sa’la flinched so hard she knocked into Telim.
But then the Truestone Golem was gone, striding onwards, a scowl deepening on her face. Eldavin kept walking as if nothing happened; everyone else turned and looked back. That was what they’d talk about.
It was done. Eldavin smiled to himself.
They had their answer.
The [Mages] began to applaud Eldavin. Actually applaud him. If the half-Elf had been the same person that had fought Cognita, the Eldavin of merely a month ago, he might have noticed something.
A few Golems were working the corridors as usual as [Mages] jostled past them, ignoring the servants. Cleaners, lifters, security. They never looked twice at the half-Elf.
Who ruled Wistram? [Mages]. It had always been [Mages]. A [Mage] had made them, and [Mages] would always rule.
She had never cared about that. Their heads rose, as one, and followed her as she left. She did not rule with iron fists or a crown. She took care of it.
It had always been for [Mages]. The ones who had built this grand place. If she had ever loved anything, it was the place itself. Older than her, more faithful than any other. Waiting for them to be worthy of it.
“I will return.”
Cognita of Wistram laid a hand on the walls, giving no second thought to the hallway. She looked at the Academy of Mages and wondered if it would one day speak. Or if it knew her.
Then she went to find a bag. Not that she had anything to pack. Hats. Didn’t you wear hats?
She would like a hat.
 
——
 
“No good servant should ever outlive their master.”
He’d never had to think of it like that. Of course, he agreed, but until now, he hadn’t thought that was even possible. Even after waiting for eternity…
Tolveilouka Ve’delina Mer mourned for…he didn’t know how long. He only bestirred himself to clean the ranks.
The traitorous Revenant was dead. He had rebelled, as he surely would have with the master’s death. Oh, but he had slain a score of the loyal ones. Tolveilouka, or Tolve, would have dearly loved to tear him apart himself.
There would have been a fitting battle for the wrath and grief within him. Lacking that—Tolve completed the cycle, ironically, by purging the rest.
“Traitors.”
He tore off a Revenant Wraith’s head. Some were natural byproducts of their death, assimilated into the hordes of undead that served the master. Others had been deliberate creations.
“You die. Die, die—he is dead—diediediediedie—”
A Chitinous Horror attacked, still gibbering madness. Tolve took the blows on his skin, and they barely tore his half-Elven form as he destroyed her.
She had been sane while his master’s power existed. So many Revenants or undead of sentience.
So little loyalty. But then—the truly loyal ones had gone after the [Sword Legend]. So. Then.
Destruction.
In theory, Tolve could have commanded them, reasserted their loyalty. He was certainly greatest of all, bar none now. He did not. If they did not stay, did not mourn, they were not worthy of existence.
