8.40 CTV
Page 12
When they saw Ylawes, Dawil, and Falene standing together, Trey heard so many Lord of the Rings references in the first hour he felt like it was almost racist. Which…it was?
He really wanted to know what they would make of that movie. However, if the Gold-ranks were fascinating to the Earthers, it wasn’t in equal distribution.
The [Knight], Ylawes, was grumpy, and had little patience with the others. He actually went off to practice with his sword rather than talk. Falene had that ‘[Mage]’ quality, and Aaron and some of the others practically dragged her off to show them spells in the Battle Room, the name for the skirmish area with the airsoft gun and so on.
However, Dawil was the popular one. Mainly because…well, he was friendly. A lot taller than you expected, too. But he had plenty of time to tell the others about monsters, and he did it in a way Trey liked.
“It’s not for everyone, lad. Ever had to skin a rabbit?”
He was talking to some of the Earthers, some of whom fancied themselves good candidates for adventure, and even hinted about joining their team. Almost everyone shook their heads, but George nodded. Dawil nodded at him.
“Good practice. I’d say…go find a [Butcher]. I bet even Wistram has one. Can you work a day cutting animals up? All that blood? I tell Bronze-ranks to do it. Because—and it’s not always like this—but even Pointy Ears has been backed into a wall with her dagger, gutting monsters in close-quarters. If you can’t even handle the blood, let alone the danger, it’s not for you.”
“But it’s not all that, is it?”
“No…but have you ever actually tried to stab anyone? It’s not just anyone who can stab a Mossbear to death. Still, you’re right. There’s plenty of fun to be had. Mainly when you’re not adventuring and you’re flush with gold. But when I think of adventure and amazement—the School of Magic itself is somewhere I dreamed of being. I saw this huge Golem lady. Cognita. Anyone know about her?”
The Earthers clamored to answer Dawil’s questions and explain the politics and factions. However, the Dwarf began asking questions even they couldn’t answer.
“Right, she’s not part of the factions. Think I’ve got them all down…I met a Scriptel, and one of the Ullsinoi. Might have to look them up and drop some names. But Cognita. She’s the creation of that Archmage, Zelkyr, isn’t she?”
“Yes.”
Dawil whistled.
“Then she’s maybe the one to talk to. Now there’s a living legend.”
Trey’s head snapped up. He saw Dawil glancing over his shoulder at the Golems. Someone laughed.
“But the Archmages…”
“I don’t even think Archmage Feor’s the level Zelkyr was. Cognita of Wistram, though…I heard her name when I was just a boy. No one’s got tales about her? What does she do all the time?”
“Run Wistram? She doesn’t actually do much. I hear she defends it.”
Dawil tugged at his beard, incredulous.
“What, nothing? Even I know stories about her. You’re telling me you’ve never heard a single tale of the Truestone Golems?”
The [Mages] in earshot weren’t giving Dawil encouraging looks. But the Dwarf raised his cup of water and thunked it on the table, mildly outraged.
“Not one story.”
“Are there stories?”
Dawil gave Trey a steady gaze, which the young man returned. He saw what Cognita was—or a different side of her, like Trey. The Gold-rank [Axe Champion] settled back.
“Let me put it like this. I know some, and I grew up in Terandria, where they weren’t fans of her. Sort of strange that Wistram has none they talk about.”
“Ah, Adventurer Dawil. Should we glorify Cognita of Wistram? Surely she’s simply part of Wistram’s legacy.”
