8.40 CTV
Page 25
Many of the undead simply tried to leave, now bound only by their hatred of the living. Tolve calmly wiped out Crypt Lords and lesser undead of their ilk like a [Housemaid] squashing bugs.
It took a long time. Longer, to set up something appropriate. Tolve took little time with vengeance; those who were dead were dead.
And she, that Dullahan, that…that…he had no words for her. He had little satisfaction with her death, swift as it had been without her weapon and mortally poisoned. If he’d been sane, he would have probably kept her alive to try and torture her. If she had a corpse, maybe he would have tried to bind her soul to it just to do the same.
“Dust and ash. [Paladins].”
He took a single second to scatter it with a vicious kick. He wouldn’t anoint his master’s grave with that holy dust. It wiped out a Skeleton Lord standing unwisely close to the bier.
Tolveilouka Ve’delina Mer fell to his knees when he looked again at that beautiful corpse. That…smile.
“Why do you smile? My old friend. My beloved master. Why did you leave?”
He gathered up the limp half-Elf’s body and held it. For a moment. Then he gathered firewood, tinder, and made such preparations as he could.
Tolveilouka burned the man they had called the Putrid One, the greatest [Necromancer] who had ever lived, the death of a Walled City, Dragonbane, and nightmare to his foes in a small ceremony.
He had thought, perhaps, to lay him to rest as their kind did. However, the entire point was they had refuted that order. Besides…it would wither any forest. There might be some delight in that, Tolveilouka supposed. A forest thus changed by such a powerful body.
No, let him rest. It was all too possible death magic would reanimate the [Necromancer]’s corpse in some way. But it would not be him.
He was gone. Tolveilouka knew it. So, he said a few words at the ceremony.
“Never shall there be a [Necromancer] as great as you. You and I, my faithful master. I, who apprenticed myself to you, and when I fell, you brought me back. Gave me freedom from our people. I can scarcely credit it. Yet you yourself said it: ‘legends die’. Is there any who can tribute you properly? I—I cannot.”
He turned away, as the flames consumed the body. The other mourners, gathered around, swayed where they stood. A Skeleton Lord’s eyes flickered in their sockets. The last Shadow Walker made a shrieking wail that killed everything in a mile’s radius under Level 5.
“Thank you.”
Tolve didn’t know if it was for the moment, or just a natural sound. He turned, waiting for someone else to voice their thoughts.
A Bloated King made a gurgling, bubbling vacuum of hideous internal noises. Tolve turned away. No one had proper words for this. Of course not. How could they?
The undead watched as the half-Elf, as pristine in body as they were not, almost threw himself on the pyre. He caught himself…with an effort, clenched his hands. Bowed his head.
Said goodbye.
 
——
 
He had better words, later, when he had finished the cremation ceremony and scattered the ashes to the winds. There was no power left; it had dissipated.
Good. Tolve still kept to ceremony. Just as they had once done, for other of his master’s ilk, he found a place within the so-called ‘City of the Dead’. What a foolish name.
The attackers had never fully penetrated into the area. One group had made it to the inner sanctum, but this had never been his master’s home.
