8.40 CTV
Page 21
They told stories of her in Illivere? Come to think of it, hadn’t she gotten letters asking her to visit this country, visit one of the Five Families? She had always refused; her custodianship of Wistram took her seldom out of the academy, and only at great need.
Now…Cognita was just tired. One thing first, though. Showing Wistram she was still the Cognita of stories had ignited something in her chest. More than exigency. More than love, at this moment.
Remember who I am. Remember I am worth something. The steward of Wistram had let the Academy run itself, let the [Mages] squabble. If she ruled anything, though…it was this academy. This place. For over a hundred years.
Now, Cognita decided to properly run it.
 
——
 
The trundling little Lifesand Golem, now at waist height, had run into a problem. Minizi, waving her enchanted sword, surprisingly dangerous given all the continuing upgrades to her physique, had continued to venture into Wistram’s lower levels. The blood from some of her victories made her stronger.
Her winning made her master level. However, Minizi couldn’t always win.
This foe, for instance, wasn’t even killable with her weapons. Still, the snarling giant rat six feet tall and so long it could barely turn in the corridor hadn’t killed Minizi, just snapped her in half twice.
It didn’t like the taste of sand, and the overgrown warren of giant rats with skin like mithril had continued to rebuff all attempts to defeat them, even a Gold-rank team.
Viltach had high hopes for a certain Gold-rank team to maybe clear them out. He had no idea how they had gotten this tough or strong, but he was certain it was due to some kind of magical artifact. Minizi waved her sword menacingly at the giant rat driving her back to the surface. She had kept trying to lure it into a trap spell, but it had refused to take the bait. She was giving up in her limited way when a shadow crossed the hallway.
Minizi and the giant rat turned. Just in time to see a glowing colossus made of black crystal lit by light blue fire stop.
Cognita of Wistram halted. She looked down at Minizi. The Lifesand Golem stopped waving her sword and stared up at Cognita.
“Lifesand.”
Cognita murmured. Minizi stared up at Cognita. The giant rat, sensing the threat, squealed and lunged, throwing its entire weight into a massive jump.
The Truestone Golem’s uppercut tore off its head. She shoved the body of the rat aside. Minizi stared up in awe at her. The Truestone Golem regarded the nest.
“The Cornucopia lies within. Take it.”
Minizi straightened. Was this her task? No—she realized as more figures walked down the hallway. Minizi’s little sand jaw opened.
The rats in the nest swarmed out, smelling blood and danger. They took one look at the levitating Golem, suspended off the ground, its Golem Heart surrounded by a protective magical shield, and ran. The Wind Golem with magical armor and weapons anchored to its body swept after the squealing rats.
Eight Sentry Golems knelt. Eight more aimed bows into the nest and began to loose arrows. Cognita watched, glowing gently, as two armored Golems strode in after the vanguard. She calmly accepted the Cornucopia, handed it to a servant, and walked off. Minizi was left staring as the army of Golems cleared house. They stomped off, without looking twice at her.
The Lifesand Golem kicked at the dead rat’s body. Then Minizi bent. She might not have been able to kill them herself. Oh, but look at all this blood…
 
——
 
Golems were moving. The protective Golems, only roused in times of war, stirred, emerging from hidden alcoves and rooms.
