8.40 CTV
Page 33
It was when [Lords] and [Ladies] had to level as [Sailors] until they were at least Level 5. Not that specific class, mind you. They’d be [Deckhands] or [Shipwrights], but the key was they were treated not as members of House Wellfar, but as anyone else.
Respect the ships. That was a custom put in place to ground the children. It didn’t always work depending on where they were assigned, but Wellfar, the seafaring family, had its own customs.
“Just like all the other Five Families. Remember that. Each one of us is no longer the Terandrian house that left long ago. Thousands of years have changed us. There’s sayings of each of the Five Families. Does anyone remember them?”
The [Lady] walked with easy grace across the bobbing floor; if you didn’t have sea-legs, you’d never be a true member of House Wellfar. Like most of the inhabitants of Weldorisa, her clothing was more tight-fitting in case she had to swim. No dresses unless they were made of fabrics that swam in water.
Britches were common; high heels were obviously not. She had an earring in one ear that changed color with the tide. A water-colored jacket was an odd, subdued, and unfashionable look in First Landing right now, but who needed that when the Jacket of Jet would take you soaring through the water or out of it?
A girl raised her hand as she sat, fishing pole in hand. Ah—a thing about classrooms in House Wellfar? They tended to let their students fish, or work on projects like a favorite hook, sharpen objects, make crafts, or just stare out into the sea. So long as they paid attention.
A few children were sitting around a little pool where you could fish, trying not to tangle lines. The [Lady] let the girl speak.
“If you deal with House Reinhart, you stick your hand into a nest of invisible vipers. The House of El can make anything in the world but coin. The Terlands sit in their towers with Golems for toys. But beware when they march, for the toys are the ancients of days. When the House of El makes war, kingdoms they raze. Save for Reinhart’s poison, be at ease, for never a stauncher ally will you find, or friend to please. Uh…”
“Salted blood. Don’t tell me you forgot the Wellfar part?”
The [Lady] snapped. The girl looked plaintively around as the others snickered.
“My line’s tangled. Everyone knows we’re ships and sea!”
Thwack. The crack of a willow whip against the board made them all jump. Even so, when no more rhyme was forthcoming, the [Lady] growled.
“The House of Wellfar sails and rules every sea. On the waves fear their wrath, on land, if alone they flee.” 
She smiled at their reaction.
“Not exactly our favorite rhyme, eh? But there’s a reason we say them. House of Veltras.”
She glanced meaningfully out the window, and the children, who would much rather have been gawking than learning, sat up.
“The House of Veltras are wolves alone and hounds when they gather. From the great forest watch for them, for they follow no master. When the Five Families stand united, no foe do they fear. When they scatter they fall. Alone do they kneel.”
There was a solemn feeling after she said the last part. Everyone still knew there were more ships than [Lords] and [Ladies] these days.
The Sacrifice of Roses and the wars had depleted the numbers of each of the Five Families. Yet Wellfar? It was said of them that their weakness—aside from the fact that they liked the sea over the new land they had sailed to—was that they were fewest in number.
