8.40 CTV
Page 16
That precipitated a storm of chuckles, laughter at Dawil’s expense. He got up, apologizing to Trey, dusting him off, taking the laughter and jesting from the other [Mages] without pointing out how they had looked when Cognita was about to clap her hands.
A reminder. Do you need to see something? The people inside chuckled. They sat back as the banquet room, the far wall made of glass and open to the sea view beyond today, saw a Golem woman jog out onto the water, her legs walking on the water’s surface. She paused, and pointed up.
It was not a bolt of lightning; a bolt lasted only a second. A beam shot straight up and cracked the Bubble of Calm over Wistram in half. It blasted into the sky and created a hole in the clouds overhead.
The sound and flash of light left Trey dumb and deaf for minutes afterwards. He stumbled around as people screamed or ran into each other. When he peeked out from behind the overturned table, he saw Cognita standing in the center of the sea, facing them. The waves were crashing hard against the island.
And it was raining. The Bubble of Calm was…gone. Cognita strode back towards shore.
Remember that.
 
——
 
Cognita of Wistram re-read a letter from a certain [Mage] she had once thought of, vaguely, as a friend. She studied it, and thought about how things had changed since then.
It had once been easy to do everything, knowing that until Zelkyr returned, she would remain right here. Now? Everything was tempting. Everything was different.
She eventually put Pisces’ letter aside, and reached for the transcription she had made of Archmage Chandler’s words. She stared at it.
I have changed. Wistram was still shaken from her display. Cognita walked down the hallways and the [Mages] lined the walls rather than her having to navigate around them. Better.
The Bubble of Calm would come back. But what wouldn’t come back was Cognita’s access to Wistram’s budget. And to be fair…it wasn’t hers. It was simply the money for food, other supplies.
Do I have any money? Cognita wondered. She had felt like commissioning another statue or…
Perhaps not. They lost their appeal. She had felt triumphant a moment after hanging up the tapestry, looking at the statue, but then she couldn’t feel the emotion again. However, the entire exchange with Naili had made Cognita realize something.
I don’t have any money.
She did, in theory, have access to Zelkyr’s long-standing accounts with various institutions, but she had never had to make use of them. And Cognita felt it wasn’t hers.
Had she ever had a single copper coin? Yes…now she thought of it, she had. A few times, people had given her money, or she’d found some on the ground. Zelkyr didn’t have time for ‘worthless denominations’ as he put it, so she had kept a copper coin for three weeks. Then used it and other coins to pay for a snack when he was hungry.
She missed her coin. It had been hers. Of course, back then she hadn’t cared. Now?
“Money.”
It would be nice to have money. What would she spend it on? Anything she wanted.
The idea blew Cognita’s mind. Then another thought was just as strange. What did she want?
“How would I earn money?”
The Golem sat on a chair in a room everyone had forgotten existed because they no longer recalled the passcode. It was a place she went to when she didn’t want to be bothered. Cognita looked around the ancient, half-Elven Empire-deco style with their heavy emphasis on leaves and whole pieces of wood or stone shaped just so.
Not her style. Or was it? Cognita realized something else crucial.
