8.40 CTV
Page 44
Rasea screamed at him as her ship accelerated past Seagrass. For a moment they were so close they could have hit each other with a sufficiently well-aimed rock throw, but at the speed they were moving, there was no chance of boarding.
No desire, either.
“This is your fault, Zecrew! What did you do?”
“Me? Nothing! What did you—”
Rasea spun the wheel of her ship desperately, but the [Frost Geyser] still blasted her ship. Imor laughed—right up until he saw a [Fireball] volley hit one of his ships.
“Tell them to stop! Dead gods, we’ll turn around and board that damned ship and take it over! It’s nine versus one! Ten with the Illuminary!”
“Hey. I like that idea.”
The [Pirate] grinned, making as if to turn her ship. Imor snarled, turning back, weighing the odds of seizing a Citadel-class ship. They could hold thousands of [Sailors], but he had nine ships and the most famous [Pirate] might join him. Of course, the Pride of the Wellfar could hold countless more [Soldiers] and double as a transport. But aside from two ships in the distance, he didn’t see…
The [Stormlord] sighted on the ship with his spyglass. He took one look at the four flags flying. Then focused on the deck.
“[Appraisal] spell.”
“Yessir!”
His [Mage] took one look at the ship, signalled Imor Seagrass. He closed the spyglass.
“Zecrew! Let’s take on the Pride of the Wellfar!”
“Hah! I like your style, Seagrass! But how will you seal the deal? Let’s—”
Rasea slowed a few knots. Seagrass seized the wheel, rammed her ship, and sent her listing, slowing her further. He barked.
“Full speed ahead! Run for it!”
“You bastard!”
The [Pirate] screamed at him. Then she took one look back, and saw all four flags flying. She didn’t need an [Appraisal] spell. She just measured auras, and saw no less than ten [Lords] standing on the deck. With all their armies in the hold…
“Uh. Let’s get out of here, lads!”
As the ships tried to flee, the Pride of the Wellfar advanced. Now all ten ships were throwing their own bombardments back, to slow the Citadel-class ship’s advance. Imor, standing on his ship, looked back.
“What in the name of The Last Tide is that?”
Rasea Zecrew turned her head. Her glowing eye saw something expand from the bow of the ship. She swallowed.
“That’s the Curse of the Wellfar! Get out! Stop firing, Seagrass! Stop—”
The air changed. Rasea stopped feeling the air on her face. She tried to escape the most powerful enchantment the Citadel-class ship had just activated, racing onwards. Her catapults and ballista stopped firing, but the idiotic Seagrass kept his spells flashing towards the other ship for a second too long.
The water was flat. It had turned into a mirror. They were sailing in another world. A contained, tiny one. Rasea was sweating. She saw the [Lightning Bolts] and [Fireballs] flying through the air with showers of enchanted arrows, towards the Pride of the Wellfar’s glowing shields. They’d go down with enough damage—Seagrass might be able to threaten the ship’s hull itself with just his nine ships, let alone all his fleet.
That wasn’t why you ran. You ran because this was the monster that killed Dragonships. The evilest predator sailing. Rasea saw the spells and arrows vanish before they even reached the ship. She spun the wheel.
“[Ship: Phantom’s—]”
She never uttered the Skill. The flicker was enough warning. She saw one of Seagrass’ escort ships run straight into a bombardment.
Lightning bolts, striking the enchanted hull! [Fireballs], blowing pieces out of the deck, sending [Sailors] screaming into the waters. Arrows, detonating across the ship!
