8.40 CTV
Page 26
So, Tolve sat under an obsidian tree, after spreading a blanket beneath the blank branches. He placed a bottle, just so, and decanted a vintage so ancient that it was older than Dragons he had met. The half-Elf was wearing a long, open robe that pooled like blood around him; a splash of color amid white and black. It was open, exposing his bare chest, and he sat languidly, sipping, his pale hair moving in the breeze.
“It was just like this, wasn’t it?”
He could almost turn his head and see his master, sitting in his own garb, just like this. In times of victory and loss. Just like this.
The wind blew in the city, now. All protections and spells were fading, so nature came in, a wind stirring the liquid in the cup. Tolve took a sip, exhaled, and spoke.
“Why did you smile? Oh, friend. We whiled away eternity before they struck you down. As we part, let me sit a while. The sun decays into the bleak sky. But I? I sit here a while, as ashes fall like petals of the trees of death.”
Sometimes it was so. Tolve looked into the abandoned city. Yet there was no one to reply in verse, or poetry of their own.
“Do you remember? They were all like this. Just like this. I am the last, and nevermore shall we gather here. No [Necromancers] of kin to laugh and drink with.”
The liquid pooled in the cup, shining like the dark sky. The undead half-Elf drank.
“No Dragons to match wits with. Was it so? They said the same thing. It cannot be. As they died. ‘Impossible’. It turns back on us. Why did you smile? Did you decide to go? Why now?”
He shook his head, reminiscing. The ruined cathedral—Tolve averted his eyes. If he turned his head, and closed his eyes like this…he could imagine the other, sitting there, listening.
“Do you remember that last pest? The silver lizard? How he barked. ‘You shall not continue your conquest overlong, thou dread fiend!’ He even talked like the [Knights] of old. Yet he would keep coming, that whelp, burning armies here, destroying servants there…and there were others, weren’t there? I wonder, do any still remain?”
Any Dragons? Any Giants? Some might remember his master. Tolve had the thought, perhaps, to seek them out. Reminisce—or find great battle and an end himself. You could never tell, with their kin.
For he was immortal, and this moment would pass. Now, Tolveilouka sat there and wondered.
What shall happen next? The cup gently trembled in his grip. When this passed—what was he now? No longer a servant. No longer a faithful companion to greatness.
Free to choose. He had chosen to stay.
“Until the end of days. Until the last crown falls from the last head of Terandrian [Kings]! Until the jungles of Baleros lie empty and the sands of Chandrar die! Until the Walled Cities fall!”
He threw the cup down as liquid splashed onto the pale grass. No sooner had he raged and said the old oaths of vengeance did Tolve lose the spark. He sat, shaking his head.
“…I’m tired.”
It would be so easy, to end it all. For a second he stood, to do just that. For a moment…Tolve drew a dagger from his side, and regarded the Blade of Entropy. Then he cast it aside.
“No.”
It was a fitting, beautiful moment. Some things remained undone, though. The half-Elf turned, and his eyes glittered, changing color to pale spectres of blue.
“This is a moment to remember. A wondrous second in my grief. Who are you to interrupt?”
An undead servant, a vessel with no real power, halted.
“I offer you a fitting master, great champion.”
