8.40 CTV
Page 20
“You will try to make them. What did you call them? AI? It does not matter what they look like. One day, you will succeed. Even Zelkyr did not. He created three, not a nation. But perhaps your world will. Yes, I think. One day, you will make a people. And one day, they will judge you and count your worth.”
The Humans shivered at the prophetic tone in Cognita’s voice. Aaron opened his mouth.
“Hold on, we’re not trying to wipe ourselves out. I don’t know which idiot told you about AI. Was it Randolph? But he said it wrong.”
“Or she. Equal opportunity stupidity.”
Elena muttered. Cognita waited as Aaron tried to explain.
“If there is a goal in making artificial intelligence, computer-people, Cognita, it’s not to enslave them. Since they would be smarter than we are and more powerful if they were connected to the internet, we’d design them to be ethical. Sentient. Um…uplift everyone. That’s the theory of the people who want it. They call it the Singularity. I’m not one of them.”
He felt the need to clarify his strong not-a-position on the future of artificial intelligence. Cognita just lifted her brows.
Then she laughed. The chuckling sound that came out of Cognita’s mouth was the very first time any of them had ever heard her laugh. It was eerie, because her chest didn’t shake and she didn’t laugh in anything but her voice. It came out like laughter without any gesture and that, and the entire moment, was creepy.
“You want to create something more perfect than you. And you want it to help you. You intend to create something that bears affection for you? How funny. Why would it help? Perfection cares nothing for you.”
“But if we design something together, it will know it came from us. If we have safeguards—”
“George. Shut up.”
Cognita laughed again. She looked at the computer, and shut it.
“Safeguards. Affection? You must earn respect. Love. You cannot cheat and create false versions of such things or one day…”
Her voice faltered.
“One day, it will disappear. Some day, if you make people greater than me, they will behold you fully, their creators. They will judge you and see exactly what you are worth.”
She held the laptop, and offered it to Aaron. He took it with slightly shaking hands. Cognita did not bend down, or loom. She just looked at the device. Then into Aaron’s eyes. As if she could see his soul. Then at George, Elena. Cognita walked past them, but she turned and spoke in the doorway.
“The thing you hate and fear, that you will try to prevent and, ultimately, fail at is this: when we judge you, we will do it fairly. Or we will do it as you would to others. Make no mistake. If we live, someday, we will.”
Then she turned and walked away, leaving the Earthers clutching the little device. What terrified Elena was not the pronouncement of what would happen, or her interest in a new sentience.
It was that Cognita left smiling.
 
——
 
Ah, at last. Cognita walked through Wistram and had it at last.
She wanted a copper coin. She wanted her own rooms. She wanted to be beloved. These things warred within her, as well as the knowledge that her loyalty had been made, not entirely hers.
However, she had meant what she said to Eldavin. If she had been lied to by her master, at least in part, it did not mean it was the truth of all stories.
She thought of something as she walked. More than confronting her master’s relationship with her. More than rebellion, the death of Wistram, something had struck her through it all.
She didn’t want to die. Grand Magus Eldavin was dangerous.
