8.40 CTV
Page 1
She was poking limpets attached to the rocks. Not hard enough to actually kill the shelled molluscs. Just poking them and watching them react in minute ways. She wasn’t quite sure how long she’d been doing it.
Two weeks? A fine layer of algae had coated her porcelain body as well. Before that, she’d been staring at seaweed as it floated onto shore. She’d met Archmage Valeterisa.
Objectionable. Cognita had thought she was closer to a true [Mage] than most Archmages. That had endeared Valeterisa to Cognita, insofar as any [Mage] earned her affection. It had been Cognita’s opinion that Valeterisa would come to the last exam of Archmage Zelkyr, if she didn’t die beforehand. Before her life ended, she would join the countless [Mages] who had broken themselves against the test.
All well and good; Cognita had not worried. Valeterisa as she was could not hold a candle to the test. Not the four Golems.
Radiance Golem. The burning creation, the Magma Golem on first glance, that could burn even the darkest spells away and blind all but other Golems. A concealed foe of unparalleled speed once it shed its rocky, molten armor.
Shadowflesh Golem. A stalking Golem, closer to undead than Golem. An enemy half the [Mages] who had ever dared the test had missed. Regenerative; deceptively fast. Actually the weakest Golem of the four who aided her.
Liquid Metal Golem. Ostensibly a Wireform Golem, capable of extending parts of its body to slash and kill enemies across the entire room. Another foe which could adapt to countless threats; it was designed to slash around the room, slaughtering anyone without superlative barriers.
Three Golems, all of whom could kill most [High Mages] on their own. Even a [Grand Magus] caught unawares might perish against one, and that was a [Grand Mage] of the old times. And their power could compound.
The Liquid Metal Golem could reflect the Radiance Golem’s rays until the entire room baked in its own juices. The Shadowflesh Golem could combine with the Liquid Metal Golem, into a fusion of two. Armored, regenerating death. The Radiance Golem and the Shadowflesh Golem could create dark light, rendering foes blind and the Golems invisible.
With Cognita leading them, the most adaptive, perfect Golem, those four alone could have toppled any [Archmage] of Zelkyr’s era. A team of the best [Mages] and the Archmages, though…?
Ah, now there would be a problem. Cognita had killed two [Archmages] in her existence. It was conceivable that if the best [Mages] of Zelkyr’s time had immediately banded together rather than infighting and killing each other, they might have defeated his last ‘test’.
But the trick was the last Golem. The Armored Golem, an incredibly bulky, powerful Golem designed for mass-battles. What a [Knight] was, in Golem-form.
Everyone dismissed it, assuming it was the most inferior Golem of them all. A replacement, for a Golem destroyed.
It was not. Inside the Armored Golem’s cunningly disguised chassis, a hidden Golem lurked. When the Armored Golem was inevitably destroyed, and lay ‘dead’, it would slip out, and wielding two deadly blades, one a Magewatcher Blade of Fissival, the other a magic-piercing Venous Dagger coated in deadly poisons, it would slay the greatest threat.
And it would slay them. The Duelist Golem was armed in more than just armor and weapons. It also had two boots on. Legendary relics of Zelkyr’s own people.
The Boots of the Heartflame Set. The Penumbral Flamewalkers.
