8.40 CTV
Page 34
Scurrilous rumors no one repeated near any scion or [Sailor] that crewed for House Wellfar was that it was their occasional dalliances with the sea and Drowned Folk that did it. In any case…the teacher kept on talking, glancing out the window with her audience at the convoy of guests from another House that had arrived. She’d let them out to gawk later. It wasn’t every day you got to meet Izril’s most famous [Lord], even from afar.
 
——
 
The Five Families each tended to have a noble representative. Magnolia and the Reinharts. Ulva Terland, the recluse. Tyrion of Veltras.
Formerly Maviola of House El. Now, Lord Deilan El, the business-[Lord] making Kaalblades like they were going back into style.
Who ruled the House Wellfar, though? It had never been as clear, even before the Goblin King’s rampage. House Wellfar was the most fragmented—
Well, actually, Veltras and Reinhart both had traditionally separated bodies of power. In their current form, they had stronger leaders; Veltras tended towards distinct families around a central house and Reinhart could be as split as a nest of fighting snakes.
Yet Wellfar was ships. Each [Lord] and [Lady] owned at least one; they were to their House what land was to the others. A ship was home, income, security. Thus, even if they did have a Waveleader, their informal name for their leader, each individual family had a degree of autonomy.
There was a second, if unspoken, hierarchy, and that was who controlled the strongest ships. Wellfar had much of its strength and they voted on such matters; infighting and politics meant some of the oldest vessels changed hands like the tide.
Lord Tyrion knew all of this. He sat in a pub, stiffly, feeling the entire building sway with the tide. This was not a formal setting, but his host had insisted on it. Nor was the cheap ale exactly elegant.
Perhaps that was the test. Tyrion had suffered a loss, or…was in the middle of losing someone precious to him after he had just prevented a calamity. What the [Lord] should not forget, desperate though he might be, was this.
He was not the only one.
“To loss and love. Ships and sea.”
His host toasted the air. It wasn’t exactly accompanied by cheers or affirmations; the pub was mostly empty at this time of day. Most people were about their tasks; when the tide changed you’d see the place fill.
It suited Etril Wellfar just fine. The man, [Lord] of House Wellfar, sat, wearing the garb of a ship’s [Captain], still partly stained by salt. He had stood on an open deck before meeting Tyrion.
That actually struck a kinship, even a minute one. Both men were used to work, not ceremony. Tyrion rode a horse. Etril crewed a ship. These were the bare-bone facts.
Oh. And one more thing. Etril Wellfar still had the white sash around one arm, tied over his surcoat. A symbol of mourning, and he had ordered the sails of his ships—every ship in his family—replaced with plain white cloth, instead of the traditional crests of Wellfar and his particular family. Not white flags—there was meaning in everything.
He was Gresaria Wellfar’s son. Lord Tyrion raised his mug and drank. Etril Wellfar drained the mug. Then he lowered it. The [Bartender] filled it and retreated.
“Ryoka Griffin. I wanted to speak to her.”
Tyrion Veltras started. Of all the things he’d expected Etril to say, it wasn’t that. The [Lord of Waves] glanced at Tyrion and elaborated.
“She rode with Maviola El. Before the Lady El passed.”
“I see. Why was this significant to you?”
Etril smiled bleakly.
