8.40 CTV
Page 37
Natural archers. Tyrion thought about it. He looked at Hethon, scratching a whiskered otter-dog under the chin, and nodded.
“Ullim will come here.”
“There you go.”
Buscrei slapped Tyrion on the back. He grunted. She bared her teeth. They really just…didn’t gel. But they were family.
 
——
 
There was a saying about House Veltras that the Wellfar children didn’t understand. That nursery rhyme.
‘The House of Veltras are wolves alone and hounds when they gather.’ To ship-folk, and people who lived in cities not in the wilds, it made it sound like they got weaker together.
Which was wrong. As any [Hunter] would tell you, they would rather fight a wolf naked, bare-handed, than an entire pack of dogs.
Each area of House Veltras was distinct. Autonomous, yet they answered the main family. Contributed [Soldiers]. That was how House Veltras was one of the most powerful.
It was the land.
Lord Swey’s plateaus gave rise to [Climbers]. No one could go up or down except on rope elevators or by climbing. Thus, when it came to grip-strength…seasoned warriors could still lose grip of a weapon.
You’d tear a sword away from one of Kabral’s [Vicegrip Warriors] when their hands rotted away. Their cold, dead fingers would still be holding onto the blade. Or what remained of your throat.
The [Mountain Lord] himself represented that strength; he had scaled down a cliff to pick the hard Rockshrooms that they’d served along with a salad.
It was not as raucous as Oswen; noisier, but everyone at least fell silent when he spoke. Still, Kabral was not Oswen and Swey was different from Buscrei.
Lord Tyrion had paid a visit to Swey after Setth, in his forest-home where the [Druids] and [Rangers of the Wood] could blend into any terrain with a tree in it. [Druids] were no [Mages]; they didn’t complain after marching ten hours, and they could splint a broken bone without a healing potion. Although sometimes they just told you to ‘deal with it’ if it was just a fracture.
Swey’s speech came with a cup in hand, but he was only addressing Tyrion.
“You know, Tyrion. Before you came here, I must say. I never really liked you.”
The rest of his family looked up. Swey’s wife kept serving food. Some of his family, though, began to groan.
“Oh dead gods, he’s going to embarrass us again. Father, father, stop!”
One of Swey’s daughters threw a Rockshroom. Undeterred, the [Lord] went on.
“I never really cared for your vendetta with Magnolia Reinhart. Thought it was damned silly, you constantly marshalling the troops. I’m just speaking my mind. Stop throwing things at me! I never cared for it, was my point.”
“This is why I moved out.”
One of his step-sons groaned. Another relative of this branch leapt to his feet.
“I’m going for a walk. Anyone else want to jump off a cliff with me?”
Half a dozen members of Swey’s family followed him. The [Lord] kept on going, ruggedly, much like his people, who didn’t get tired. [Greater Endurance] was more of a staple than [Enhanced Strength]; if you lost your grip or got tired, you fell.
Tyrion just listened, chewing on the Rockshroom. Swey met his gaze.
“…You were always like—like a Golem. ‘The good of the realm.’ ‘The duties of a [Lord].’ I hated that. Remember when we got into a fistfight? Well…I like you more, now. Selfish. It’s not selfish, man, it’s family!”
He struck the table and the members of his family who took more to Swey’s personality nodded and did the same. Jericha watched her cup jump and lose half its liquid. Swey pointed a callused finger at Tyrion.
