8.40 CTV
Page 36
“Really. Now that is interesting. Of course he would fit. Well chosen, Lord Veltras. Go.”
“Lady Ulva!”
One of the [Lords] protested. Ulva waved Tyrion away as the court of Terland began to bicker. But she understood.
There was a common thread that united them all. Tyrion, Etril, Ulva. Each one knew what it was like.
Parents, a sister. His wife.
Lord Tyrion thought of Ryoka Griffin. She was one thing. But his son?
His son?
 
——
 
“It’s the damnedest thing. One second they’re poisoned. The next? One’s missing. I’m not saying it’s bad luck, once you see how the pieces fit together, but…”
“Somost. Shut the hell up.”
Buscrei hissed in her husband’s ear. He fell silent, guilty, and glanced over.
Tyrion Veltras was on tour. Well, it wasn’t that hard. Tenbault was far from First Landing, but in the wider scale of geography, Weldorisa wasn’t that far from the capital of northern Izril. As for House Veltras? It was a ride south to the Vail Forest where the individual houses had settled the vast region.
Not far if you were moving at Tyrion’s speed. And didn’t sleep.
Visits from the main family were rare, but Oswen’s marsh-hunter family had entertained them every few years. It had to be said—it was not something they looked forward to and in any other circumstance, half of Buscrei’s family might have been ‘out hunting’ instead of able to attend.
Not this time. Even so, it wasn’t as raucous or fun as when Ryoka Griffin had been here. Tyrion Veltras…just brought down the mood of every party he attended. Buscrei and the others were eating informally, and he was at odds with every aspect of this place.
Hethon did better, although it took some doing to make him laugh. Luckily, there were lots of volunteers. And there was some fun to be had.
Albeit at Tyrion’s expense. Buscrei saw him eating, stone-faced, and on a hunch, grabbed his mug and sniffed.
“Alright! Which one of you idiots swapped his drink with Oyster Juice?”
She then proceeded to dangle one of her nephews out of the tree-mansion, over the swamp below, by his ankles as otter-dogs raced around, barking eagerly below. Tyrion Veltras stared at the boy, barely fourteen, begging with his aunt not to drop-him head-first.
Oswen. Marsh-hunters. Marsh-folk. Natural purified water springs. They loved to hunt, but unlike Tyrion, did it almost exclusively by bow.
Spears at times. But by boat, or water-sled, dragged along by the otter-dogs or other animals. They were a mix of marsh and land, but their natural habitat meant that Oswen’s people were used to heights to keep out of the muck.
Boys and girls who grew up with bows for birthday presents learned how to shoot before they could walk, or so it was said. They also got unique classes with a specific bent—[Marsh Fighter], as opposed to regular [Fighter].
“Listen, Tyrion. Just leave your little lad with us. No one’ll get him with our eyes on him. Alright?”
Buscrei shoved aside two of her family to talk with him. Lord Tyrion glanced at Hethon.
“Ullim is prepared to…”
“I know that. But I’d wager Ullim would rather have more folk about. Have him come here. I’ll take care of the rest, deal?”
“Is that your offer?”
The [Hunting Lady] sighed and tried not to glare at her cousin. Even now, he got on her nerves.
“It’s not a one-or-nothing, Tyrion. It’s an offer. You’ll get the [Markswomen of the Marsh] either way.”
“[Marksmen] too.”
Lord Somost offered helpfully. Buscrei raised her kicking foot and he retreated before she could boot him out into the swamp.
