8.40 CTV
Page 45
It listed, no longer moving. It was the exact same attack that Seagrass had launched. His ships instantly stopped volleying and kept fleeing. They were in the Curse of the Wellfar. Everything you send at us, we’ll send right back at you.
They could manipulate space, so you shot arrows at yourself, or rammed into each other if you didn’t check your travel through this trick-realm. The only chance they had was to board, or outfox the enchantment. Rasea Zecrew glanced over her shoulder.
Tyrion Veltras waited, sword and shield drawn. Lady Buscrei was taking potshots with her bow as Lord Swey…kept throwing up. Rasea waved at them. Then she snarled at her [First Mate].
“Get us out of here.”
They left behind three burning ships and a Sea Serpent. Etril Wellfar only gave up the chase because one of the burning hulls had crashed into the Pride of the Wellfar at over a hundred knots and smashed all but one barrier.
It was a mistake a [Captain] unfamiliar with the sheer speed of the vessel made. Unfortunately, it gave Seagrass and Zecrew the chance to escape; it was too risky to advance. He turned.
“Back on course.”
Lord Tyrion watched the younger man’s smile. He settled back, now it was clear they wouldn’t be fighting. He felt like he was waking up. The closer they got…his head rose and he looked north, to the still far-off continent. But growing closer.
“Sammial.”
He was grateful. He would have taken a lesser ship, evaded the blockade or forced his way through. He had no need to.
So this was Gresaria Wellfar’s son.
 
——
 
The Pride of the Wellfar had taken to deep sea. Its attack on the two famous [Captains] had not gone unnoticed. But it had actually provided a cover, of sorts.
In the first hours, everyone assumed it was Etril Wellfar flexing his muscles. Not long for the captaincy of the ship with that recklessness, but he’d nearly gotten those two old salt-villains.
Of course, some knew exactly what was going on. Everyone else was in the dark and the ship’s naval battle got a feature on television. Wasn’t that all you wanted?
In Ailendamus’ courts, King Itorin II had some cause for alarm when he saw the vessel at sea. He ‘summoned’ Duke Rhisveri, and his uncle opined it wasn’t anything to worry about.
“It is a mighty ship, but House Veltras would not be as foolish to retaliate. Even if they saw through the sneak attack.”
“Is it possible, uncle?”
Itorin wasn’t as sanguine, but Rhisveri just sneered.
“Assume they did. What proof had they? No fitting casus belli. They may act in time, but House Veltras is nothing but formal. Nor does the Dawn Concordat have any substantive motivation for them to truly go to war. If they do, we will counter-offer. Did the [Diplomats] treat with House Veltras as I instructed?”
“I believe someone did. Well, then. Coincidence. Order the blockade not to obstruct the Pride of the Wellfar, obviously. But be seen to give warnings. Is that incompetent [Admiral] still in charge, the one who sieged Nadel?”
The ‘incompetant [Admiral]’, who had still been the highest-levelled [Admiral] in the region, had been reassigned to a fittingly lowly post for the debacle. The [Strategists] assured Itorin that all was well and that was that. The war council didn’t deliberate long on that, but rather, the second phase of the Dawn Concordat’s fall.
