8.40 CTV
Page 13
One of the [Mages], Ostrigael, smiled, but he had an edge to the smile. Dawil, unfazed, just raised his brows.
“Part of Wistram’s legacy? She is Wistram’s fame. When they say ‘Wistram’, they talk about her. No offense, Wizard Ostrigael. But they don’t tell stories about Archmage Feor. They still tell stories about Cognita and the Archmage of Golems.”
 
——
 
In those days, when Wistram backed nations, the [Archmages] fought. With each other, with other nations, for their own petty interests.
Some were old rivalries, like Terandria and Izril. Or Drakes and Lizardfolk. Terandria and Chandrar. Well. Everyone had a reason by now to fight with everyone else.
The story of how Archmage Chandler broke the backs of four armies at the pass was one everyone knew, now. But it was one story, if the most famous one about him.
Cognita of Wistram, and Archmage Zelkyr, though. There was a reason her name was spread as far as Illivere, and children grew up hearing stories about her. The clever Truestone Golems of the Archmage of Golems.
They said that once, during the incursions into Izril, the Archmage of Golems led a counterattack to finally rid Izril of Lizardfolk once and for all. But during the attack, Medusae by the hundreds froze Drakes solid, even turning some to stone.
It didn’t stop the Golems, but the Lizardfolk pushed the Drake army back by the hundreds of thousands, trying to kill the Archmage of Golems as his rival took to the field.
In the chaos, his greatest creation, the half-completed Truestone Golem, Cognita, was separated, trying to defend her master. She was forced to flee.
So she ran.
Cognita remembered that. She did not see her master in the chaos, but she had to flee or be destroyed. Her stone was damaged. Yet she ran, and even the Lizardfolk on horseback, even the ones with wings couldn’t catch her. They shot spells at her back, rained arrows down.
She just kept running, with a Golem’s tireless speed. Yet there were far too many for her to beat. When she eventually found herself alone, she was deep behind enemy lines.
Not knowing what to do, only aware of the plan of war, Cognita emerged from the swamps the Nagas were trying to transform parts of Izril into. The Archmage of Waters, the Archmage of Nagas’ work.
Alone, the Truestone Golem marched through water that could go waist-deep or up to Drakes’ chests. It barely came up to her knees most of the time. She saw the Lizardfolk massing.
So quick in the water. Her master had ordered her to take Heitore-form for the duration of the battle. Cognita advanced on them and saw Gorgons, carrying huge weapons in their hands, slithering out of the water.
“Destroy the Golem.”
One swung an enchanted axe and Cognita lifted an arm. The Gorgon stared as the axe crunched against her arm and the blade chipped. Cognita swung a fist, but the giant serpentine warrior dodged backwards.
Skills. She had none. The Lizardfolks’ slings and spells hit her time and time again, but did no damage. Stalemate. They called for nets, trying to drag her down, and she couldn’t catch or slay enough of them fast enough.
It had been less than a month since she had been created. The Truestone Golem stared down at her hands.
I am more than one stone. Her master had begun to remake her out of Truestone, his discovery of an age. But neither he nor she knew what its true power was. Her outer layers had been replaced, but she was not pure Truestone, not yet, hence the need for the most defensive stone he could imagine. Heitore, which rivaled Adamantium for strength. However, even it could break.
