8.40 CTV
Page 38
“If it was just Ryoka—dead gods, man! You have to do things for love. A Tyrion who’s coming asking favors—even big favors—is a Tyrion I like. Not the perfect [Lord]. Anyways, I said my piece. Agreed.”
 
——
 
“Agreed.”
Lord Dereic Veltras lived on the coast. His people were experts at aquatic warfare, as good as Wellfar’s.
It was easier. Not just for the main reason, but because Tyrion followed the same route that the Wind Runner had taken bare weeks before. The [Lords] and [Ladies], the families of House Veltras, had just seen her.
Of course, some objected. Some thought it was too dangerous, too risky, or just didn’t agree with how it was done.
Tyrion Veltras didn’t need his entire family’s support.
He did not need the full weight of the Five Families behind him, either. He had four out of five, though. Lord Deilan El, Ulva Terland, had both met the Wind Runner.
Only Magnolia Reinhart was too far away to contact safely. Ironically, she was most acquainted with the Wind Runner. But this was bigger than just Ryoka Griffin. Tyrion Veltras had met with Etril Wellfar. He had secured Ulva Terland’s tenuous approval and stopped at the largest families across House Veltras’ holdings.
Quickly, without much fuss or loud fanfare. Most of the other Five Families didn’t even know why Tyrion was rushing about. The [Lord] had also done most of the negotiating, talking, and riding, with the exact same, blank stare on his face.
Unfocused. Almost eerily detached. Even now, as he rode down the winding road, Lady Buscrei’s [Hawk Eyes] could see that odd blankness on his face.
“I think I like him less after all again. Not a twitch on his face.”
Lord Swey muttered, peering over the railing. He looked discontented, but before Buscrei could kick him into the water over the side, someone else spoke up for him.
“He’s not blank, Swey. It’s just his way. Tyrion’s never worn his feelings on his sleeve. You? You wave a flag with them. Leave the man be. Or do you think we’re here because he doesn’t care?”
Swey turned. Lord Pellmia of House Quellae watched as Tyrion rode forwards with Jericha and a band of House Veltras’ [Soldiers] following. Swey nodded after a second.
Etril Wellfar watched Lord Tyrion as well. The [Lord] calmly rode his horse off the road, onto the grass, then over the sand. Without so much as a twitch, he steered his mount up the ramp.
Onto the ship. The rest of the [Soldiers] followed.
“Stable the horses below!”
Etril Wellfar bellowed. There were experienced handlers and plenty of room, but still, he was surprised how well-trained the horses were. Barely skittish at being on the rolling deck.
“That’s everyone?”
“Yes.”
Lord Tyrion Veltras dismounted. Lord Etril nodded. He whistled and the [Master Helmswoman] spun the wheel.
“Raise anchor.”
The passengers aboard Etril Wellfar’s ship stirred, but that was all he needed to say. All Lord Tyrion needed to do was nod.
After all—everyone was here. Lady Buscrei, much to her family’s objection. Lord Swey, Lord Pellmia, without his son, much to said son’s anger.
…And their household troops. Not many were on the deck. Most were belowdecks. Or on the other ships. After all, you couldn’t put them all on one ship. That would be stupid.
Although one ship had nearly enough space to fit them all. Etril Wellfar wasn’t at the wheel. Contrary to landfolk’s belief, the [Captain] didn’t have hold of the wheel at all hours; you had someone to do that job.
So, three ships began to move. Two further at sea; one which had been practically hugging the coast, just far enough away to extend the gangplank.
