8.40 CTV
Page 46
…All except for one of the [Generals] who had been in court during the drama last week. He hesitated. All the logic checked out, as it was presented. If you assumed every fact was as the [Duke] and the [King] had said, it was a confident, yet safe bet to assume House Veltras would be irate at most, but cautious.
So he was mistaken. He definitely was mistaken, and the monarch of the realm and the [Duke] weren’t wrong. But because he was an actually decent [General], the man excused himself, hurried down the palace hallways, and after asking twice, came to a room where two prisoners of state were resting.
There was absolutely no way that Duke Rhisveri would have failed to…he peeked into the room where a little boy was screaming for a ‘Ryoka Griffin’. He checked the face. He checked the aura. He pulled out a Ring of Appraisal and checked the level and class. The [General] sprinted, almost screaming, back to the war council. But of course, by then, the Pride of the Wellfar was advancing on the naval blockade so fast that even if they turned now…
The Wyrm cared nothing for insignificant children and brats.
That was his mistake.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Well, there’s clearly nothing more to say there.
Hi, I’m pirateaba. I launched a Kickstarter and you all hit the goal in six hours. I was exceptionally worried and stressed, and…?
I don’t know what to say. I wasn’t sure how to say ‘thank you’, so I kept writing. Because that’s what you like, and that’s the only way to do it. Mind you, I’ll still take my break early September because I need to rest to write better and I’m more tired than usual due to all the pressure but…
You’re great readers. And you moved so fast the Kickstarter team is working on stretch goals since you blasted past the first one! I’ll let you know and I’m sure they will too with the Kickstarter-email-thing once it’s live.
So for now, thanks. We’re moving fast. Tyrion is moving fast. Boats are moving fast. Knots are a confusing nautical term. I hope you enjoy it, though. Thanks for reading and, well, I hope you enjoy the comic and the story! It’s got boats too.
 
Horns of Hammerad by Kel!
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Kel32722927

 
Tolveilouka verus the Horns by Dr.Replig8r!

 
Think Meme, Belavierr, Relc Mode, and more by pkay!


Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/peekay












                                                    
 

