8.40 CTV
Page 4
“Right you are. Names slip me by. You see, Adventurer Dawil, they didn’t have as many Golems in those days. This would be ah…[Captain] before me, reckon his grandfather…at least nine hundred years? He was an old man when he retired, so it would be about that. No Golems. There was a time they didn’t sit about Wistram! I heard lots of stories of Wistram’s past. One time, they had these little magic-familiars that did all the chores. But—finicky things. They’d have entire wars when factions were fighting. Familiars fighting each other. Annoying as hell, I heard.”
The Dwarf stroked his beard as he stood next to the half-Elf [Captain] guiding his ship in. If he’d heard it from an ‘old man’ half-Elf, who knew his great great grandfather’s stories, the timeline checked out.
Dwarves lived a bit longer than Humans if they didn’t expire of natural causes, but half-Elves were the longest-lived by far. There was a familiarity between both Terandrian-native species, for all the half-Elf was a mariner by trade and had been one since birth.
“Interesting. Got any stories of [Archmages]? I know Zelkyr and that Az’kerash one that was on the news…”
“How many d’you want, Adventurer Dawil?”
The half-Elf [Captain] had a crooked grin and he was far more retiring than the snootier members of his race; he lived in the moment, not in isolated villages. Dawil watched the academy in the distance, growing larger, a bubble of calm—not that the sea was rough at this time.
“Oh, how about an interesting one? There was a [Summoner]-[Archmage]. Any of them ever Dwarves?”
“Of course. Master [Runecrafters] is what they used to be, but not just that. I think some still have entire wings you could visit.”
Dawil brightened up.
“Really. Old architecture, like Deríthal-Vel?”
“Of course. Might even be some old rune-forges still working. Come to think of it, if I stop for a night or two, I might visit them myself. They let visitors in depending on their mood, and standing in a Rune of Sanctuary does the body good.”
“I imagine it does, if it’s a high-quality one. Know if they have any meditation rooms? I mean, the ones with runework, not…rooms with pillows.”
The half-Elf Captain, whose name was Jexal, scratched at his beard.
“Might be. That’s a good question. I’d ask around.”
They were talking about a kind of room Dawil knew from the home of Dwarves, Deríthal-Vel. The half-Elf gave Dawil a knowing look.
“You need peace and quiet after the ship voyage? I know not all Dwarves like the water.”
“Bah. I can swim. It’s not for me. I’d rather like to toss the rest of my team in there.”
Dawil glanced over his shoulder. Jexal gave him a knowing look. They were alone—for a given measure of alone, as [Sailors] were all about—talking at the wheel. But Dawil’s normally sociable team was not with him. Both Human and half-Elf had declined to talk with their [Captain].
“Still fighting, are they?”
“Yup. Never seen it this bad. Normally Pointy Ears—er, sorry. That’s what I call Falene to annoy her.”
Rather than take offense, Jexal laughed and Dawil went on, relieved.
“…She and I argue, but it’s not bad, usually. Banter. You’d be more worried if we weren’t. But Ylawes and Falene fighting? That’s bad.”
“Mm. I caught some of it.”
There had been…shouting. At night. Huge arguments that had kept the entire ship up, and wary, because an angry [Battlemage] could toss spells like no one’s business. Dawil shook his head.
“It’s his sister. We could have been in that Village of the Dead raid. She was there and they were the team who went in. The Horns of Hammerad?”
