8.40 CTV
Page 27
It whispered. Tolveilouka took one look at the shambling corpse, the twisted light glowing from its eyes. He sat back down, filled a saucer of liquid, balancing on his fingertips, and drank lightly.
Then he laughed. A bark of outraged laughter.
“Which ‘power’ are you, now, thing? You are the third to try. The other two were petty. One left me to my grief and knew I would serve no other. The other was foolish and had I stood before whomever it was, I would have destroyed them for the effrontery. You now…what could you offer?”
“You will find value in service to me. Meaning. You will—”
Tolve tossed the liquid in the vessel’s face. He sneered.
“I will, will I? Tell me, oh great power. What do I drink? Tell me, and I will consider serving you.”
He held the bottle up. Of all the things to ask…the presence behind the vessel was silent. Tolveilouka contemptuously raised his hands, and flicked the fingers in the air, an ancient sign of disrespect.
“You who would seek to control me, to wield my power in my hour of grief, have no tact. You have no elegance, no refinement in your soul. Begone.”
“I am—”
The vessel disintegrated as Tolveilouka lost patience. The half-Elf lowered his finger, sat down, and went back to reminiscing.
 
——
 
Death would have been preferable to life. Undeath, such as it was, would be harsh. Yet—
“Such fine wines as even death could enjoy. Ah, master!”
Tolveilouka was drunk.
He threw himself onto the spot where he had failed his guardianship, weeping. He nearly seized another weapon for his demise. Until he recalled something, and swept around, the Ichorian Riverus—the robes he wore—swirling around him in sudden wrath.
“The intruders!”
Tolveilouka had forgotten all about them after they had fled. His mourning and burial…the half-Elf paced forwards, snarling.
“They were the cause of all of it!”
No, he knew there had been other factors. A petty little [Death Mage] of that caliber hadn’t the power to break the stasis spell, or that half-formed Woman of Metal. The bug-thing…no. Nor his kin wielding frost magic.
Even so, they deserved a kind of suffering untold. Unless they’d freed his master? No, no.
Tolveilouka thought about what he might do, and his resolve grew. Aimless a second before, he paced around the scene of the terrible crime, finally focusing.
“It was an army. Not as great as those before. Adventurers, and a mortal army from either side. Had Master’s power not waned…they would have never advanced. They did. Did that mean that even before…?”
Now he had a mystery. A terrible one. Tolveilouka’s fear now crystallized into sudden realization.
Even then? Before they attacked? He paced about.
“I sensed it. Did that mean the intruders were actually less guilty? I should still torture them to death. But now I must know. How? Ah, old friend! If I had your skill, I would reach out and talk to you.”
He did not. He had died, been reborn as a great servant of undeath, but he was no [Necromancer]. A sacrifice had been made. Levels for greater strength.
It had been a fair trade then, when his master had not reached the zenith of his power. Later, both had cause to regret it, and Tolveilouka had returned to trying to reach a fraction of the Putrid One’s power. He paced around the room.
“…They took the sword.”
He would have sensed that damned blade. No wonder she didn’t fight back. Tolveilouka frowned. The half-Elf bent. Investigated the room. Then his eyes opened wide.
“They stole things! Those damned thieves! Grave-robbers!”
