8.40 CTV
Page 40
Tyrion Veltras shook his head. He looked around the ship. The rich ship, ancient as the Golems which had marched up the ramp. That was why they had helped him.
Sammial Veltras was gone. Kidnapped, with the Wind Runner of Reizmelt. Tyrion Veltras had absolutely no proof as to where he was. But he knew. Most of Izril had no idea what had happened.
Yet. Some of them began to wonder, when they heard Lord Tyrion had sped to House El, House Wellfar, and House Terland practically in the same day. Without rest or sleep, galloping across Izril.
“Lord Etril. It is one thing to take your ships on personal affairs, be it support in conflict or trade. But this is not your ship. Magnolia Reinhart is the heir to House Reinhart. She had clear authority to order the Velistrane to Zeres, even if her family and peers may object.”
He named the famous capital warship, the greatest ship in the arsenal of House Reinhart. It had once sunk a Dragonship in naval combat. Tyrion glanced at Etril.
“…But this is not your ship. You were granted stewardship of it—”
“[Captain], Tyrion Veltras. They made me [Captain].”
Etril corrected Tyrion, eyes glittering. He gestured to the cabin, and the map on the wall, one of the few things changed to accurately display new trade routes and nations. Etril Wellfar strode over to it.
“You know, my mother never captained this ship. She trades masters and mistresses, although she is her own vessel. My mother sorely wanted to for a year. Just one year. It’s actually not always a glorious job; you patrol a lot, and no one ever bothers her.”
He rested a hand on the wall, as if this ship were a living person. If it were, it was the oldest being in this place, older than every living person on it combined, save for the Golems.
Older than Cognita of Wistram. Older than Tolveilouka Ve’delina Mer. It had served forever. It had seen Dragons die.
Etril Wellfar whispered.
“She never captained this ship. Not important enough. Too reckless. They made her [Harbormistress] of First Landing and talked about giving her a year after she retired. Then my mother, Gresaria Wellfar, brought First Landing to their senses. She died—and they gave this ship’s helm to me. Her son. For the shame of it. For pride in her.”
He turned. Lord Tyrion saw Etril’s hand go to the armband he still wore. No—two. The [Lord] kept his gaze steady.
“Are you afraid of the repercussions for taking this vessel into combat?”
This ship. It left the coast, and fulled the sails. Glittering sails, scaled, shining. Normally, they were white, cloth.
The cities on the coast pointed. They had heard, and seen that Etril Wellfar had demanded the sails taken down for mourning. But these sails…they weren’t white mourning sails.
Nor were they even House Wellfar’s crested sails. They were Dragonsails, looted. They only flew when this great ship went to war.
The Velistrane was the Reinhart’s greatest naval vessel. Its reputation was ancient. Its tale of accomplishments was one of the longest in the world, matched only by similarly old vessels owned by the Iron Vanguard, ancient kingdoms, Drowned Fleets, and so on. The Four Winds of Teral was young compared to the Velistrane.
But even the Velistrane couldn’t boast more than a fraction of the tales they told about this ship. It had seen Dragons die. It had broken multiple Dragonships on its prow, and sent the great armored destroyers of the Dullahans to death.
The greatest ship of House Wellfar.
The Pride of the Wellfar sailed down the coast, moving faster. Sails shining with the promise of war.
