8.40 CTV
Page 10
“You have to tell us about it. Leon here is all the way from Izril, Troy. Liscor. You know, that city on the news?”
“And Pallass and Invrisil. There was a magic door…”
Leon had that wide-eyed look of someone new to Wistram. He nodded at Trey, blinking around. Trey had no real read on him, aside from Leon playing up where he’d come from as they went to greet the Gold-rank team. Apparently, they were guests and the Earthers, being Earthers, were allowed to mix and mingle. Or rather, it was a request from the Centrists and Feor.
“Yeah, we were all at this inn, but we had to leave because…well, a lot of bad stuff happened. We survived Creler attacks, and other monsters—I decided to come here.”
“You survived Creler attacks?”
“Well, I didn’t do much fighting, but yeah. We also fought off other monsters—there were even some Goblins that stayed at the inn all the time.”
Leon nodded modestly, a slight smile on his face. Trey eyed him. He didn’t look like a [Warrior]. And the way he talked about Crelers…Trey had seen Crelers when Flos showed them a nest. He had nightmares.
“I also saw the Wyvern attack on Pallass. You know? The inn actually helped fight it off. Portal door. And there were Raskghar—ever heard of them? They’re like, evil Gnolls.”
“Really? I’ve never seen a Gnoll! They don’t come to Wistram.”
“Well, they attacked the inn. And there were Antinium around all the time.”
“No way.”
The world traveller that was Leon had seen more species than even Trey. He was just elaborating on the Creler attacks as the group made their way to a table where an overwhelmed half-Elf was speaking to a fellow [Mage] in her faction.
 
——
 
Dawil was fascinated, though Falene didn’t share everything. She was talking with a male half-Elf named Ostrigael.
Not Teura, who might have facilitated a lot of Feor’s work. She had jumped ship for another faction, which had rattled Falene to her core. The Terras faction was, apparently, new to her, and Archmage Feor’s warm welcome might have had to do with a certain loss of power.
They were meeting Earthers. A concept Dawil had yet to fully wrap his head around. But which…explained so much.
Ylawes had been forced to go for a walk. He was in no mood even for these earth-shattering observations; they had clearly shaken him, but he was still worried about his sister. He’d already tried to pay off the crimes on her head, but they had run into legal problems with Nerrhavia’s Fallen.
“…Each faction has a few, but we do coordinate, Falene. As for technologies, we have a few. You should see the ah, ‘Battle Room’ where one of them has a most unusual weapon. We have a new illusion-project with Mage Telim…well, the Ullsinoi faction is going to trial it in major cities. I suppose the most fascinating developments are merely cultural, aside of course from all the scientific information.”
“Such as? Oh—are these new Earthers?”
They were queuing up as Falene, quite overwhelmed, tried to keep track of it all. Ostrigael had a knowing smile on his face.
“You will have to see the technology they have, Falene! But they also have an entire world of culture. Entire books on these devices. Audio, movies…and plays! We actually have songs and plays, both by Earthers, we are sure. Have you heard of the Shakespeares?”
“…You mean plays?”
Dawil interrupted. The half-Elf [Mage] hesitated.
“Ah, you have. Well, we have every copy of the plays…and some of the other factions are putting on performances! You should see them!”
“We have seen that, Ostrigael. The Players of Celum have been putting them on for half a year.”
