8.40 CTV
Page 22
They walked up from the sea floor as the Drowned Ship decided enough was enough and retreated five miles. The half-Gazer saw a Water Golem shoot up, spinning, from the sea bed where it had been buried, evading even her eyes.
What was happening?
She was getting nervous. Perhaps…rightly so. But not Eldavin, not Gazi, no one knew where all the Golems were headed. Only Cognita saw them. Arranged them just so, set them up…
“There.”
The Truestone Golem stood in the entrance of Zelkyr’s final test and admitted the truth. She had thought no one could best Zelkyr’s trap, his formation.
A half-Elf had. He might be the most accomplished [Mage] in the world. Not even Zelkyr could have matched him. If he came back, it was conceivable he could kill all five Golems, especially with a team.
She didn’t know what had changed, but he was clearly different. She didn’t trust him, even if he had seemed like the same half-Elf.
Trust was not something Cognita needed. She nodded to herself, picturing an attack-team of [Mages] coming in. Or even Gold-ranks.
They would not see four Golems this time, or five if Cognita were there. This time…
Enchanted barricades, crewed by Sentry Golems holding enchanted bows. Elemental Golems, arrayed by type, waiting at checkpoints. Flying Golems, some holding artifacts, patrolling the skies.
More were deploying trap runes. Creating more walls and fortifications. An entire army’s worth of Golems was creating a second level of defenses that would have made a certain Antinium [Trapsetter Strategist] faint with envy. Or maybe that was the poison gas, now circulating all but the clearly-delineated ‘safe zone’. Walk past there and die.
“I should make a sign.”
Signs were nice. [Mages] tended to read signs. Cognita estimated that this room was deadlier than before, even discounting her presence. No hidden trap. Just clear, overwhelming death as Zelkyr’s Golems fortified this ground.
Even Eldavin would hesitate to test this, even with every Archmage at his back. It was a room of as much overwhelming firepower as she could imagine.
And because it was such a fine defense…it didn’t need her any longer. Or maybe for a little while. Cognita pulled something out of her bag of holding. She studied it.
It was a map. She had circled a few nations. She had a stack of letters in her hand. From people who claimed to be admirers. She knew the Four Winds of Teral was still docked. Cognita glanced at Zelkyr’s great test, then wearily turned away.
She was just…tired. The Truestone Golem, after a century of loyal service, heartache, and time, freed by the Grand Magus Eldavin, did not rebel. She did not burn down Wistram.
Cognita simply went on vacation.
 
——
 
It all came to this. Grand Magus Eldavin strode down the halls of Wistram, flanked by the highest-ranking members of the Terras faction.
Not just them. He was talking to some newcomers. Some [Mages] who had never been part of Wistram; interested Drakes from Fissival, but most importantly, old guard like Telim, Sa’la, and Teura.
Every species, from Selphid to Drake…except Gnoll. Eldavin needed to correct that too.
One step at a time. The half-Elf’s mind was whirling with so many ambitions and projects. He felt…had he bitten off more than he could chew? But he had the distinct impression he could chew it down!
Something had changed. Cognita had noticed it too. But apropos of that…Eldavin squared his shoulders. He’d chosen the right trajectory for his little walk.
