8.40 CTV
Page 17
I don’t have a room. She didn’t need one, or an office; she could remember everything and command the Golems. She never slept, so why would she need a room?
She wanted a room. Could she just…give herself one? Cognita knew every empty room in all of Wistram. She hesitated. But there was something else that pressed on her mind, even more than these sudden desires.
Dawil’s story. It had been accurate. Oh, not to the events; it had been her not knowing what to do that made her head for the fortress, which had been the target of attack. She hadn’t deliberately used lightning; it had surprised her as much as the Lizardfolk.
But it had been good to hear that story. It made Cognita remember. She stood up.
“Yes. That’s true.”
 
——
 
“And what is she doing now?”
“Standing there, Grand Magus!”
Eldavin rolled his eyes as he strode down the corridor. The worried [Mages] practically clinging to his robes followed in a huge train. He supposed it only made sense after that Golem showed off her powers.
Cognita of Wistram was behaving erratically, and he blamed himself. And her. Mostly her. The half-Elf huffed. Now she was free of the loyalty spells, there was no predicting what she’d do.
His head twinged at the thought of confronting her again, but Eldavin denied fear a place in his heart. He had much of the Terras faction behind him and Viltach had also been spotted heading off to investigate this new, strange action. If it came to it…
Cognita was standing in one of the central libraries, paging through a book. It was…the least terrifying thing she could be doing to Eldavin’s mind, but the [Mages] were so nervous of her they’d rushed to him.
“Cognita. What are you doing?”
The Truestone Golem stiffened when she heard Eldavin’s voice. Viltach closed his mouth, looking put out, as his Libertarians took his back. She turned her head.
“Grand Magus Eldavin. Archmage Viltach.”
Then she went back to reading. Eldavin’s brows snapped together.
“I asked you what you were doing, Cognita.”
“I do not need to answer you, Grand Magus.”
The half-Elf faltered as Cognita closed the book, selected another from the shelf, and opened it. She paged through it so fast it looked like she was just skimming, but her eyes darted across the text. The Grand Magus saw her glance up, close the book with apparent dissatisfaction, and then freeze. She glanced back at him.
“…Who are…?”
Her lips moved. The Truestone Golem uncertainly stared at Eldavin. The Grand Magus felt a sudden shock of appraisal on his aura. She blinked.
“Grand Magus Eldavin?”
“That is my name. You have disrupted Wistram’s atmosphere twice today, Cognita. That is…why are you reading history books of Archmage Zelkyr?”
The half-Elf was sufficiently thrown to break off from his censure of her. He recognized all the titles. Viltach frowned. Cognita blinked at Eldavin, then looked at the books.
“They still repeat your story of Archmage Zelkyr and Archmage Chandler, Grand Magus Eldavin. Across the world, on your ‘television’.”
The Truestone Golem cracked another book, shut it almost as fast. She looked unhappy. Eldavin swept his hair back with one hand.
“Of course they do. It was a rather well-done piece of historical storytelling.”
“Mm. In your opinion, perhaps. I have seen better. It is also biased.”
The [Mages] susurrated. Cognita ignored Eldavin’s evil glare. The half-Elf began to retort, when Cognita closed the book. Then she calmly changed one of her hands to a strange, purple-black stone and set it on fire.
“Cognita!”
