8.40 CTV
Page 41
That was about when all of First Landing began to hear a rumor on the wind. Tyrion Veltras had met with Deilan El? No, he’d also gone to Ulva Terland and someone had said they saw one of the ancient Golems marching.
Was he…?
“Captain. [Messages] for you from the family. I’ve got eighteen.”
“Toss ‘em into the surf.”
“Aye, sir.”
The door closed. Tyrion was left with Etril as the Pride of the Wellfar moved faster still. Magical wind was howling in the enchanted sails. The [Lord of Waves]’ eyes were gleaming.
“Captain to the helm.”
He spoke into a magical stone. Across the deck, the steering wheel glowed, and the Drowned Woman barked back.
“Captain?”
“Status of the enchanted wind?”
“We’re at half power, Captain. Picking up speed, but we’re fairly steady at 40 knots. Should pick up once we get out of the tide and into deeper water.”
Tyrion Veltras’ ears picked up. He tried to calculate nautical speed to land-speed, which made more sense. Etril just smiled.
“That’s as fast as Kelphunter!”
Kelphunter, the vessel sailing to their left…or was that starboard? Port? Tyrion glanced out a port window. They were being blown by the same winds or they’d never keep up. Enchanted too, their hulls.
“Aye, Captain. You want me to unleash the rest?”
There was an eagerness in the [Helmswoman]’s voice. Etril Wellfar had sailed this ship into ports and taken the Circle of Thorns to account, but he’d never fired so much as a warning arrow. Who needed to with this ship? The [Lord] shook his head.
“Belay that. Activate the Will o’ Waves. [Hydromancers], to your stations. All hands, brace. The Pride of the Wellfar is accelerating.”
Below-deck, the water-mages looked up. They began to funnel mana into the vast reservoirs and the water moved.
“Giant crabs and butter garnish!”
Lady Buscrei swore. Mildly, as she saw the water ripple and surge, suddenly pushing the giant ship. She ran down the ship to get a better view, but it was so massive she could barely see.
Lord Swey, at the railings, had been throwing up before the ship activated the water magic enchantment. Everyone felt it pick up speed. Accordingly—Pellmia swore and dove, just in time to avoid flying puke at such speed it slapped a [Storm Sailor] and knocked them overboard.
“Man overb—”
Pellmia began to roar, until he saw a hand materialize and seize the [Sailor] mid-plummet. It tossed the man back on board. A good thing too.
The ship was moving faster.
“…We just hit 62 knots and we’re picking up speed each second, [Captain]!”
“Don’t hit anything. Arm the enchantments. And fly the banners.”
The flags of four Houses began to rise as the Pride of the Wellfar picked up more speed. Now they were heading into deep waters. And the [Messages] were flying after the ship by the dozens. Hundreds.
“I am prepared to take full responsibility for my actions. I cannot do more than support you if House Wellfar takes umbrage.”
Tyrion began. Etril lost his patience and turned.
“Fear, Tyrion Veltras? I gave you my support the moment you asked and I thought it over! My mother would have without thinking. Do you think I am afraid?”
He paced back to the same spot and pointed down. Tyrion Veltras saw the new floorboards. His memory…flickered.
The [Lord of Waves] looked at him, then up at the ceiling where the roof had also been repaired. He smiled. No…he bared his teeth.
