8.40 CTV
Page 30
“As we’ve said, Lord Rigrald, this was an error of overconfidence. Let’s break it down, shall we? To begin with—it’s our professional understanding that Tenbault was fundamentally overconfident that no one would attack.”
“They had multiple adventurer teams!”
Lord Rigrald snarled into the speaking stone. The House of El’s representative winced, but the female voice was patient.
Overly patient.
“Yes, Lord Rigrald, but may I address the misconception? Adventurer teams are good at holding a single point. They were no doubt perfect for quelling mobs or groups seeking the Healer. Not an army.”
“Yes, exactly! I’d uh, just like to add my thoughts regarding the attack. We can break down some of the components here, and go over defense plans. Before that, may I say thank you for hiring Kismet Securities, a [Strategist]-led consulting service?”
A second voice broke in, also female, a bit overeager. Jericha glanced at Tyrion. He didn’t react.
 
——
 
Marian covered the speaking stone and turned to Umina as Kissilt hovered in the background. The Drake was obviously not suitable for this, especially if they were going to do a scrying orb call.
“Stop thanking them!”
He hissed at Umina. The Lizardgirl nodded, wincing. She went on.
“As Strategist Marian said, we can establish it was actually a smaller force. I’m estimating hundreds, not thousands of Goblins. Enough for them to sneak a force out, ferry some by foot…we have Ogres confirmed with them, is that true?”
An irate voice from this Human [Lord] came over the speaking stone.
“Even hundreds is insane! We just killed a Goblin Lord! How did they get here?”
“Estimates are they came from the High Passes, sir. They clearly used the Wyverns for transport; some probably came on foot once they descended, at night, in secret.”
“But how did they get to Tenbault without anyone noticing—”
Marian was losing patience, so Umina took over.
“They probably were seen, Lord Rigrald. Let me explain. Your average settlement might have spotted individual bands of this army, a hundred riders, at night, from afar. But what of it? They might mistake it for a trade caravan, or [Bandits]. Something to be alarmed over, but there’s no network of information in the region.”
“And no one to coordinate it.”
Marian was nodding. The two [Strategists] were sweating as Kissilt and Cameral wrote down things for them to say. They had to make a good first impression; this was one of their first clients and word-of-mouth would do wonders for their reputation, or sink this new venture.
Umina consulted her notes.
“As to the dust storms…well, it’s clear whoever attacked Tenbault studied their opponents. A few hundred Goblins still outnumbers the adventurers ten-to-one. And let me be clear: they were the only fighting force that could put up a decent battle against Hobs. Tenbault’s militia might have held the walls, but not against that kind of raid. I’d suggest a much different approach to a standing garrison, and we can discuss training and equipment later…do you have any more questions about the attack itself?”
“How did they create so many dust storms? It wasn’t a [Dust Cloud] spell.”
One of the [Mages] complained, and Umina was encouraged by the angry [Lord]’s silence. It meant he was listening. Was Lord Tyrion Veltras really hearing their opinions? She hoped so. And she hoped he was impressed.
“I can handle that.”
Cameral spoke. The Dullahan cleared his throat as his head sat next to the speaking stone.
