8.40 CTV
Page 28
Tolve raised his hands to furiously smash the workbench, recalled it was his master’s, and stopped himself.
“Adventurers.”
It was a sigh. But now, what had they stolen?
Everything was as it had been, and Tolveilouka was undead, with the memory that did not fade, even now. Eternity had barely scratched his recall, so he identified what was missing at a glance.
“Ah. Interesting.”
Four adventurers. Four spots they had been standing, and thus, four places they had stolen from before they’d fled and managed to activate the Scroll of Greater Teleport. One of them had clearly grabbed the scroll…
“Hm. Two scrolls from here, not counting the teleportation scroll. If you had been able to reach that, Master…”
Tolve shook himself. He squatted down, carelessly moved some bones, and then looked down.
“Ah. Two rings.”
From one of her companions. The dead adventurer’s bones crunched to dust at last, no longer protected by the stasis in the room. Interesting. Tolveilouka prowled left.
The sword. One of them took the sword, that was obvious. What else? He peered about. Then he made an incredulous, furious sound.
“The spellbook! They stole it! They stole…my spellbook!”
The one he could use! The spellbook for someone who had sacrificed it all!
His master had no use for one; his Skills and mind had all the spells he had ever amassed; he was a spellbook incarnate. Tolveilouka’s eyes narrowed.
“For that, I will reclaim what is mine.”
Even so. Even so, Tolveilouka felt a bit smug as he assessed the thefts. Of what they could have stolen, his spellbook and the sword were by far the greatest. Adventurer’s gear and those scrolls…
But they hadn’t entered the actual treasury. There were a few objects of comparable power. As for the Putrid One’s possessions, he had been wearing the most imp—
The greatest servant of the Putrid One froze. His eyes scanned the room.
Wait a second.
Waaaaait a second.
Something was missing. He scanned the possessions he had divested his master’s body of. All the personal artifacts of…
“They stole it. They stole it! You weren’t wearing it and they…”
The half-Elf began to scream. Then, abruptly, he calmed down. He looked over the objects stolen, and then began to laugh.
“Oh, that is funny. I wonder what will happen? You don’t know what you stole. Steal from death! Steal from me? You have no idea what you stole.”
He laughed, and laughed, and laughed until he began to sob. Then Tolveilouka sat there.
“Vengeance. An answer to a mystery. Then you can rest, Tolveilouka Ve’delina Mer.”
He nodded. That sounded fair. The half-Elf rose, and looked around. He thought of the army that had attacked. Of the thieves.
“Twofold vengeance. One for the living who despoiled this grave. Another for the four who beheld your face.”
The half-Elf closed his eyes. When he opened them, two voids looked out.
“Death comes to Izril. Before I part ways, once more you shall remember the Putrid One’s name.”
He began to summon the undead to him. He was no master. But…he didn’t need mastery. He knew all the steps, all the ways to dance death.
 
——
 
That night, eighty miles from the Village of the Dead, a rural hamlet woke up as something ran towards it.
A screaming man. Or woman. They couldn’t tell, but it was a scream. A wailing scream of terror so loud that everyone froze in their beds and the [Sentries] looked around wildly.
Someone ran towards the village’s walls, shrieking in terror. Men and women ran out of their beds, grabbing weapons or loved ones, prepared to fight or flee. The [Mayor] grabbed for a [Message] scroll…but what was it?
