8.40 CTV
Page 7
“Falene Skystrall. Sister, it delights us that you have returned.”
Archmage Feor, the half-Elf leader of the Centrist faction, was greeting the half-Elf with a small group of his followers. Centrists. Dawil snapped his fingers. That was who she was part of!
Falene was smiling, as the Archmage addressed a Star Lamia, leaning on her staff.
“I do apologize, Mage Falene. We shall of course welcome your team. It’s just—Archmage Naili, it’s not you or Viltach? It must be Verdan, then.”
“Not him. You think he’s bought that? You must be mad! It’s Valeterisa. That airhead. Only she’d do something this stupid.”
“Well, I need one of you to confirm it. Anyone will do. Who’s got a seal? Or I can take verbal confirmation of delivery…”
The [Captain] of the Four Winds was trying to complete her delivery, and was exasperatedly arguing with the two Archmages. The problem was…neither one wanted to accept the delivery. Feor stroked at his beard meaningfully and Naili snorted.
“No one wants that. Valeterisa can organize it—I’d rather send it back.”
“Send it…?”
The [Captain] was astounded. Feor hurried to assure her.
“Captain Bressa, the delivery will of course be paid for by Valeterisa, but the contents…?”
“What do you want me to do, take it back all the way to Baleros? It was a huge rush order!”
“You could toss it into the sea. I’ll pay you to sink it.”
Naili offered. Dawil and Ylawes both stared at the object under such debate.
It was…a statue. An actual statue, transported in a Chest of Holding, which the [Captain] had two [Sailors] haul up. Only that kind of object could have held the twelve-foot tall statue, sculpted and then covered in gold paint. Some [Sculptor] must have indeed had multiple speed Skills to get it done.
Dawil didn’t see what was wrong with it. It was of some [Archmage], that was clear. A noble face, staring up towards the sky with a spellbook in one claw, the other held up as if in greeting.
The Drake had what could only be described as exaggeratedly noble features to Dawil’s eyes. His robes touched the floor around him in impractical length, but it was a statue. Dawil read the inscription.
Archmage Zelkyr of Wistram, the Archmage of Golems. Glorious guiding mind of the Academy of Mages, as presented delivering his wisdom to fellow students of magic.
“There is no way we’re putting that up. Valeterisa doesn’t have the authorization of the Council. I’m astonished she wasted coin on this.”
Naili tapped the statue with her staff, looking annoyed at…everything. Even Feor was disapproving.
“Well, it had full authority of Wistram, and I’m paid to deliver. You can deal with it…just someone acknowledge the receipt? Please?”
“Why don’t we just blast it, Feor? I’ll sign, you melt.”
Naili slithered over, but before she could do either, a figure strode down the hallway. And her tread was a sound of its own.
Thump. Thump. Thump. Dawil expected to see someone in armor with that kind of weight. Instead, he saw a nine-foot tall porcelain figure, her features even more well-sculpted than the statue she was staring at. The Dwarf had heard of Cognita of Wistram. To see her?
Ylawes and Dawil stepped back as the Truestone Golem halted in front of the statue. She stared up and nodded.
“My delivery has arrived. You are Captain Bressa of the Four Winds of Teral.”
It was not a question. The [Captain]’s mouth fell open. Feor and Naili, who had stiffened slightly when they saw Cognita approaching, blinked in astonishment.
“Er—yes, Cognita of Wistram. This is your delivery, then?”
“It is. The statue is…adequate.”
