8.40 CTV
Page 3
Cognita’s body could change. Not in shape, not like Kharneva, and to an extent, Ovesire, both of whom had been created when Zelkyr had levelled up more. She was always the same Human he had sculpted her to be, in appearance.
She could alter her height, and the composition of her body. Truestone was all lesser stones. There were incredible synergies of stone she could turn her body into. Cognita could become as tough as Adamantium, as quick as a bolt of lightning striking. She was normally innocuous white marble, at least on the outside. Now, her stone turned into a dark grey, rough, granite-like substance. Heitore, and her eyes were dark green jade.
Hostile, heavy, wrathful. Her feet sank into the sand as she waded up the beach. Cognita had forgotten she was covered in algae, so the effect was like seeing some ancient statue wading onto shore.
The Truestone Golem’s face breached the waves, and she climbed out. A pair of [Mages] on a romantic date by the evening on the beach took one look at Cognita and ran, screaming.
“I am not unfaithful. Nor will I be swayed!”
Cognita shouted at their backs. She raised her arms upwards, and then she was a living ball of fire, the very stone Pithite, igniting the air around it with its sheer magical fire, burning the algae off.
And then she was Cognita again, white stone without blemish, a carven statue as first he’d made her. Cognita’s green eyes flicked up to the Academy of Mages.
“I am not unbeloved. Even if I lack the spell…it did not matter. I am more free than ever to serve, Eldavin. You did not win.”
She strode back to the Academy. She had work to do.
 
——
 
Wistram Academy was no stranger to new and unique things. Visitors came by all the time. The ruling power of the day—and it seemed like that was the Terras faction these days—changed things, but Wistram was always a hub of magic, coming and going.
It got strange deliveries too. Strange visitors, strange deliveries, strange events. Some of the ship [Captains] who regularly transported people and goods to the academy, in the middle of the ocean between all five continents, fairly equidistant between all of them, loved to regale travellers with tales.
“It’s said in the heydays of the Academy, they used to have so many powerful spells going on you’d be able to charge gold per every nautical mile if the word was something bad had just happened.”
“Huh. Like what?”
“Well…I heard one time a [Summoner]-[Archmage] once opened a huge rift by accident. Monsters or some…strange folk kept pouring out. The entire Academy was battling ‘em, see, and six armies had to come and break the siege. Not sure if they closed the gate or headed into it—but I do know that it happened. The [Captain] who passed this ship to me talked about his great, great grandfather being there.”
“That’s…fairly reliable. Dead gods. A rift, you said?”
“Surely, Mister Adventurer. You don’t see as much these days.”
“Well, why didn’t they get those Golems to help fight? Or did they wipe out the Golems?”
“Ah—you see, Mister Adventurer—”
“It’s Dawil.”
