8.40 CTV
Page 23
He was having a walk and talk. In the company of so many high-level [Mages], everyone from Naili to Viltach’s socks knew something was up. So he had an audience in the packed corridors.
“Let me be frank, Wall Lord. I came back to Wistram and it was not the Wistram of old.”
Eldavin addressed the Drake on his left. He was being more than frank, actually. The half-Elf nodded to another quite decently competent [Battlemage]. No wonder she was an adventurer. Any Silver-rank team would do well with…was it Falene? Silver Swords. What would they call themselves when they reached Gold-rank? The Gold Swords? It just didn’t have the same ring.
“Miss Falene, your adventurer companion, Dawil—”
“He is completely, unrepentantly simple, Grand Magus. If he offended you at all, I deeply apologize.”
Eldavin snorted in a way that told everyone he had an opinion.
“Quite the contrary. He was right. Cognita is more famous than any current Archmage, except the notably absent Amerys.”
He heard everyone try to inhale all the atmosphere around like a [Void Room] spell. Eldavin looked around.
“Am I wrong? A servant of an [Archmage] incurs more respect abroad from adventurers and other non-[Mages]. She is more respected, and more feared here. She just doesn’t remind you of it. Well, that’s a disgrace.”
He saw a few cautious nods from the people around him and marked them as non-sycophants as opposed to the ones who would never say anything controversial. Mark the useful ones, the competents, and let the less-valuable [Mages] do exactly what you need them to do.
So busy. He was teaching spells, building up authority, but one thing pressed at his mind. It wasn’t his damn job. But…she was under his protection.
Where was Ryoka Griffin? Who was that spellcaster? It worried Eldavin because he didn’t like being second fiddle to anything. She was obviously not as important as his concerns, or Wistram, or the affairs of nations.
Yet she was under his protection. Eldavin therefore made it a priority. Just—after this.
A susurration. The [Mages] and students casually strolling ahead of him were slowing down. Moving back to the sides as they realized there was traffic from ahead. Eldavin murmured.
“The question is this, to my mind, friends. Who rules Wistram? [Mages]? Or Golems?”
They looked at him in astonishment, as if he could even ask. But then—everyone turned.
There she was. Coming down the hallway. It was a fact Eldavin had observed; students would happily block even the largest Golem with no fear for their safety, even when heavy furniture was being moved.
Not her. Not ever. Not…
Cognita. She was walking down the hallway and parting the sea of students and [Mages] like the tide. Everyone had seen her display this morning, but even without it, not even Archmages impeded her path.
Eldavin felt the hangers-on moving to the side, but the [Mages] around him didn’t see the half-Elf change course. Cognita was coming down the center of the hallway, looking…
“Who rules Wistram?”
The Truestone Golem’s head snapped up. She slowed a second, then kept walking. Eldavin and the [Mages] proceeded onwards, and every eye was on the old half-Elf.
This was it. Eldavin had two dozen spells bound to one hand, but they were only defensive. You made a point and stuck to it. If Cognita wanted to force the issue…
The Truestone Golem was frowning. She did not look happy. She, weighing possibly thousands of pounds, a nine-foot tall woman made of marble, walked at the gaggle of [Mages]. The name for a group of [Mages] was technically an Arcaneum, but that was pretentious.
“Grand Magus…”
