8.40 CTV
Page 8
Cognita strode around it, barely inspecting it, before nodding. Naili spluttered.
“Cognita! This is your statue? You ordered…”
She gestured at Zelkyr. Cognita ignored Nailihuaile.
“I will accept the delivery. You may attest to delivering it, Captain Bressa. As for its placement…”
“Of course, er, Golem Cognita. W-where…?”
The two [Sailors] stared up at the Golem with as much awe as trepidation. Cognita pointed.
“There.”
Every head turned. Dawil saw her point to a spot just before two grand staircases on the right and left, leading upwards to Wistram’s many, convoluted floors. Naili spluttered.
“In our entrance hallway? Wait. Where did the statue of Archmage Rezy go?”
“Archmage Rezinoul’s statue?”
Feor looked, but the place where the statue that used to greet all visitors had stood was…empty. Both turned to Cognita.
“It has been replaced. Place Archmage Zelkyr’s statue there.”
The two [Sailors] began to fumble with the chest of holding. Archmage Naili was incandescent.
“Archmage Rezy was there when I was a new student! Everyone loved him!”
“He has been relocated. A more suitable statue to the current [Archmage] of Wistram will replace him. I have commissioned it.”
“With what money?”
“The budget.”
“The—”
Dawil was vastly entertained, but also wary. The angry Lamia advanced, finger wagging. Archmage Feor was more reluctant, and Falene…she was looking at Cognita with clear unease.
“You can’t just use the budget the Council allotted for this, Cognita! That’s our food and resources! You can’t—”
She was clearly used to being able to tell Cognita off. Or, perhaps, just used to the steward of Wistram being the impassive Golem she always was.
Cognita’s head turned and she looked down at Nailihuaile in a distinctly unfriendly manner. The Star Lamia slowed, and looked up.
“Can’t? I cannot? I am Cognita, and by Archmage Zelkyr’s power—and faith in me—I control all matters related to Wistram. I have deemed it necessary to remind [Mages] of that. By his authority, the statue will remain here. No one will remove it. Is that understood?”
The Archmage looked up at Cognita. She looked at Feor, and the half-Elf’s brows had disappeared into his white hair. He gave Naili a slight shake of the head.
“Er…well…if you think you have to—”
Naili tried to back up. She didn’t, before the Truestone Golem stepped forwards. Cognita bent down to stare at Nailihuaile.
“No one will remove the statue. Is that understood?”
The Lamia hesitated. Dawil had a hand on his axe. Then, after some thought, he had a hand not on his axe or anything that would annoy the Golem practically oozing hostility. Naili nodded slowly.
“…That’s absolutely understood, Cognita. No one touches it.”
“Good.”
Cognita straightened. She gave the golden statue another look as it was placed down. She strode over, and the two [Sailors] leapt away. Cognita adjusted the twelve-foot statue an inch so it was perfectly straight with one hand. Then she nodded.
“That will be all.”
She began to walk away, then stopped. She eyed Ylawes, Falene, and Dawil.
“Adventurers.”
She snorted. Dawil saw her glance at him, and then stomped off. He let out a huge breath in the silence that followed.
So this was Wistram? Falene hadn’t lied. It was certainly…interesting.
 
——
 
Cognita’s new statue was not the only development in Wistram. Everyone was abuzz about it, and Trey Atwood, or Troy Atlas, heard the gossip at the table with his fellow students.
“There’s a new tapestry hanging up in the long hallway! You know, the one that goes to the gardens?”
“I know it. I didn’t see anything yesterday.”
“Well, it’s just up.”
