8.41
Page 12
As always, the key was that Regalius did not ‘condescend to show the commoners true refinement’ as an uncouth peer might. He truly intended for a fitting meal and entertainment before they headed off. After all, a [Knight] who distinguished themselves might well be a peer in time.
He was just debating taking off his jacket to do a bit of sword practice himself and checking the position of the sun when something caught his eyes. The wind changed. One of the Hydra Knights turned and pointed.
“Now there’s someone hard at work too. Look at that woman move.”
They were pointing at a distant young woman, running barefoot across the royal gardens at top speed. Regalius’ plucked brows rose.
“Who, may I ask, is that? A [Squire]? A Runner?”
The Hydra Knights had no idea. Regalius frowned at the young woman. She was vaulting some of the hedges placed around to control the flow of traffic, leaping over flower beds, and kept glancing over her shoulders.
A guest of state? There were limits to how one could behave. He began to stride forwards, to call out to the young woman. Then Ryoka Griffin really began to challenge her pursuers. She took two steps towards another low-rise hedge, but rather than jump over it, she did a running front-flip, touched the ground, and kept going. There was another hedge no more than fifteen paces ahead. The Courier headed for it.
Regalius, and a pair of little boys fighting with toy swords, clearly waiting for their parents to finish their business, saw the Wind Runner do a running side flip, curling up like a living cannonball, hit the grass and do a roll into a spring back to her feet. And she was still running.
“My word!”
The Baron’s eyes popped. Then he saw four figures materialize. He recognized the Knights of the Thirsting Veil by their darker armor, sigilry, and distinctive, all-encompassing, water-proof armor to handle the poisons that were sometimes liquid, sometimes airborne.
They were following this young woman, this Runner—she could not be something else! They tried to copy her. Two did and went crashing through the hedge like thunder. In plate armor.
All the [Knights] and the [Baron] winced. The other two [Knights] were smart enough not to try the trick, and just followed. But the young woman wasn’t even done.
As they slowed down, she did a spinning cartwheel. Then began to do a series of consecutive handstand flips. She did a barrel roll over the next hedge, and turned.
 
——
 
The [Knights] stared at Ryoka Griffin. Grudgingly impressed. They had stopped trying to copy her, and began to turn invisible again. The Wind Runner smirked—right until she heard a voice.
“I say! Excuse me, Miss!”
She turned in time to see the most dressed man she’d ever seen in her life striding towards her with another group of [Knights]. He had a long coat which the wind was contriving to make flap as impressively behind him as possible.
He looked like he belonged in a movie or show, and he was either the biggest side villain ever or the supporting good guy who was going to get killed in some big battle.
“That was a most impressive display, Miss! Dame Knights, Miss Runner, the splendid lance-arrows of Ailendamus be with you. I greet you on this splendid day, as Baron Regalius du Ecte, [Regent] of the Barony Veilau! Might I detain you for the slightest word?”
Baron Regalius spoke…exactly like you thought he would. Ryoka stopped, sweating, blood rushing, and the four [Knights] reappeared.
“Uh. Good morning to you. I’m Ryoka Griffin. A Courier.”
