8.41
Page 4
“You, who interfered more than she should! You, who twisted everything for her own ends such that no one can make sense of it. You, who interfered in the one place you should not. Sikeri’val-Toreshio-Maresssui. I call on the Faerie King to judge you and what passes.”
“I—I was only acting in my nature. I throw myself on the Winter Court’s mercy. Allow me to explain. I was just—”
Sikeri stuttered. But Melidore did not wait for more words. He flung his head back, with nigh the same wrath and emotion as he had that night, confronting the intruders, the unwanted guests.
“Do not answer to me. Answer to him. I call on the judgement of the Faerie King. Oberon!”
The Wyrm froze. The court rocked with the name, invoked here. She would have fled, screaming, and was turning, but too late. Too late…Ivolethe’s eyes gleamed. Nastily, with a mirth that her mortal friend knew only too well, as she pointed at the trembling Wyrm.
“For the judgement of the Court, I call him too. Oberon!”
Two times. Everyone was watching. The empty thrones, the Wyrm, who had flung herself on the ground. Two times…there was a law of three. This time, the guests, the court, Melidore and Ivolethe all chorused it.
“Oberon.”
He was there, sitting upon the throne. As if he had always been there. Two eyes older than any other being here stared out underneath a frozen crown. They caught Sikeri and she quailed. The Faerie King pointed down, and the warriors of frost moved from their posts.
A storm blew, as if the Wild Hunt prepared to ride. The shaking Sikeri looked up. Lips moved, as the Faerie King slowly rose from his throne.
…It wasn’t a light matter after all. Now, the eyes said. Now, let the judgement begin.
The Faerie King held up his hand. For one second, his eyes roamed, searching. Everyone waited. He looked right, left, at things unfathomable. Waiting. Waiting…
For something, as Sikeri shook and cursed the mortal girl.
It was all her fault!
 
——
 
Ryoka Griffin lay in a bed, staring up at a ceiling with some kind of architectural art design going on. These interlocking pillars, which created a hypnotic effect as the dark marble ceiling, a good ways up, way too high for anything but showing off really, let bright dawn’s light spill in through two much lighter windows.
She was thinking. The Wind Runner had on some rather nice garments. All silk, if you could believe that. Who made so much clothing like that? A kingdom which wanted to show off, that was who. Ryoka wore deep, almost jet-black silk, dyed to exacting standards. It had just a hint of royal purple, another nod to the Ailendamus motif; their colors were purple and black.
A light green, rather pretty color broke up the super dark colors, the better to highlight. Light green or silver were the secondary colors.
Just like a certain someone’s features. The colors were almost spot-on. Now there was an ego for you.
Privately, Ryoka actually really liked the colors. If she was going through her super-rebellious phase, only a few years ago…let’s be honest, she had still been in it when she appeared in another world. It just looked different.
If she’d been dressing in all-black and experimenting with eye-shadow…this would have been her thing. Ryoka shuddered.
“Dead gods. Imagine that. A [Goth] in this world. That’s all we need.”
Now there was a stupid thought. She wondered if it were possible, though. There were already [Philosophers] and their equivalents, [Sages]. Could there actually be…she tried to remember some of the more outlandish ideas.
