8.41
Page 22
The Wind Runner paused. Sunburst voiced her opinion before the six present.
“Regarding the war? I am of the opinion the Five Families are not an enemy to take lightly. However, I would be more concerned as to why they are allegedly attacking. Or do other nations attack Ailendamus lightly?”
“Well said. It may be affairs of state we have no idea behind.”
A mask—Majestic Owl nodded at her.
“Or they are typically arrogant. I would believe either one. Well…well done, Sunburst. Let’s call you that. I’ll remember your mask. I don’t agree; it seems to me we should be focusing on the consequences of the war from a military standpoint.”
Snarling Dog replied with a snap in their voice. They had some support, and led the conversation away as Sunburst trailed after. It was certainly a sight to see.
Sunburst looked around at the other groups, some of whom were just gossiping. Half-Mask, with a knowing nod, went to find a less military-minded group to ply the fascinating theory about wind to. Sunburst heard any number of conversations strike up.
Arguments, debates, petty little gossip, scandalous talk that they would never repeat anywhere but here.
“Yes, eight. In one bed.”
“No. Is that something you censure?”
“The question isn’t censure, surely?”
“It is if the public hears about it. Displays of debauchery do not exactly endear the nobility to the public. It is also a stain on Ailendamus’ reputation. Moreover, there’s a health cost.”
“…You’ve lost me. How is it a health cost?”
“Well…eight? Surely that has to take away from one’s physical acumen.”
“What are you talking about?”
“What are you talking about? We’re talking about eight…partners…in one bed! Every night!”
“Sariant Lambs. I said, ‘Sariant Lambs’, not…whatever you were intimating.”
“Oh. Well, that’s still different.”
Sunburst laughed at that. However, it wasn’t all just practical military matters and gossip. There was exactly what she’d expected, for once. And that was high philosophy.
Two masks were debating hotly. Pink Moon and Clamshell. Pink Moon was making a lecture to a small crowd.
“The Crown should make a point to tax Song Crystals.”
Clamshell was appalled.
“Surely not. We subsidize them already.”
“Yes. ‘We’ do. However, my point is that they are pieces of entertainment. The working populace has time for such pursuits; well and good. They have merit. Yet a tax, however incremental, makes a statement of direction. It is one thing to improve oneself, another to be lax and lazy. If the Kingdom is to prosper, the people must strive towards self-improvement. I do not say ban them altogether! Yet by holding up those who work harder…it goes back to my argument of the Great Knights of Ailendamus being unbalanced. We have members like the Dame of the Hills who are substantively lower level than others.”
“She is a half-Giant. She has matched blades with the Summer’s Champion three times! I would watch your words, Pink Moon.”
“I will not. Does her species give her the right to the title over a higher-level [Knight]? If so, what message are we sending? To be exemplary by deed and self-improvement, or to be born better?”
The two strutted about, arguing, taking observations or comments from their crowd. Was this how Aristotle and Socrates went at it? Sunburst shook their head.
A social ecology of its own here. There were those in favor, those with supporters—and those on the outside. Anyone who shouted or obnoxiously tried to make points was ostracized; thrust away. There was no violence here, but a ruined reputation?
