8.41
Page 10
As for this…Ryoka glanced back at the invisible [Knights] following her. She wasn’t certain, but she suspected she was getting four invisible glares under the visors. An enemy in enemy territory.
…Why did something bother her? Ryoka was working on it.
 
——
 
The ‘gardens’ were predictably the largest, most manicured area of green that Ryoka had ever seen. If you had a great palace of marble and stone and metal, you needed to prove you could also command nature.
It was nice, though. Ryoka stepped more lively down the steps of one of the entrances leading out of the palace, inhaling fresh air. Flower beds, multiple gazebos, some over water, an entire lake someone had decided to convert into a place to row boats, long walkways around exotic plants…
“It’s like someone crammed every single idea into one place. All this place needs is a menagerie.”
“The menagerie is that way, Miss.”
Ryoka bit her lip. Then she had to grin. She turned her head to hide it. And it wasn’t even a mocking smile.
There was something actually amazing about having this much space. Not about boring wealth, as Ryoka had observed. Buying a rich mansion that looked like exactly what other rich mansions looked like was stupid and self-aggrandizing. But this?
You could run for miles and not lap Ailendamus’ palace. What runner, in this or any other world, didn’t want a private running track? It wasn’t even as if this garden was artificially made either; Ryoka saw and heard a number of birds flittering around, and even some of the more acceptable bugs like butterflies.
It made her want to…run. Ryoka glanced over her shoulder, and sighed.
“I don’t suppose running is allowed in the gardens?”
She expected a happy ‘no’, but to her surprise, the [Knight] instantly reappeared.
“Running is acceptable, Miss.”
The Wind Runner paused. Okay, now they were going a bit too far. She scuffed at the ground.
“I’m not sure you know this, Miss. But I am a Courier.”
“Your magic has been disabled, as have your Skills. We are capable of keeping up with you if you wish to exercise.”
“Really.”
The [Knight] did not reply. Ryoka stared into the deliberately blank expression. Was that taunting she…?
Oh yes. Ryoka began to jog forwards. Instantly, she sensed the four figures following. Ryoka turned her head. Were they really thinking they could keep up in plate armor? Maybe it was enchanted. Maybe they had Skills. Even so…
She began to accelerate across the ground. The Order of the Thirsting Veil followed, silent as a whisper. But not intangible. Ryoka sensed them at her back. So, she picked up the pace.
Her legs felt good, moving after so long in captivity. She lengthened to her long stride, and then decided to pick up speed.
Niers Astoragon would have been happy to see someone who could run. Ryoka Griffin could run. She began flying down the road, faster than she had ever been before. She ran for a living, not just to push herself like on Earth. A diet of magic and Skill-enchanted foods made her body stronger; she’d observed that. Most importantly? A stamina potion meant you could beat any marathoner in the world.
The wind blew around her face, lifting her raven-black hair behind her as the Courier ran. Her eyes opened wide. She was smiling. She accelerated into near top-speed running. And then did a double-take.
“You’ve got to be—”
They were right behind her! The four figures were actually more visible as wind gusted over their enchanted armor, revealing the invisibility with minute specks of dust and whatnot. What the…
