8.41
Page 15
How did she say it? Peasants? Common-folk? How would Lyonette put it? Peons? She was surprised that Ailendamus had a Knight-Order devoted to that. She hadn’t heard of it.
Regalius seemed to read her mind. He bowed, one arm outstretched.
“It is my role, Courier Griffin, as [Baron of Ceremonies], to induct these brave souls into their order. Ailendamus boasts the most [Knights] of non-noble blood of any nation in the world, and a fine thing it is. Any man or woman may one day earn land or a title from the crown by dint of deed or wit. So it is written, and so we see the success! Even one of the most famous [Knight] orders in all of Terandria is losing ground to a ‘new’ order.”
The Hydra Knights nodded proudly, and the Thirsting Veil gave a strange salute with two fingers. Ryoka blinked.
This was Rhisveri’s kingdom, though. She peered at Regalius.
“So…becoming a [Knight] is possible for anyone? Anyone at all?”
“Anyone who meets their exacting standards. Only the finest become [Knights]. Other roles are open for all. I myself am no fine [Warrior]. We must each find a suitable place to serve, Courier Griffin. If I could fight as well as those present, I might find myself impelled to join the military. Alas, I cannot.”
Regalius gave her a wan smile. The Hydra Knights protested.
“Surely you can use a blade, Baron Regalius! Let’s see it.”
“Ah, well…if you press me, Ser Yoriven, I was already intending to beg your indulgence. A moment.”
He clicked his fingers and two personal guards appeared. Or manservants? Ryoka saw Regalius toss his huge coat to one side, divest himself of a scarf he’d chosen, and reveal another layer of embroidered cloth.
Dead gods. He didn’t look bad!
Ryoka and the Thirsting Veil Knights all silently agreed on that. Some Hydra Knights too, and they were so busy watching Regalius flourish with a blade that they never saw the other audience appear until one of them poked Ryoka with a training sword.
She yelped. Regalius looked over and saw two boys, nobles’ sons, staring up at Ryoka. And two dozen more children, from serving children to guests. He blinked.
“Are you…the Wind Runner? The one who calls the wind?”
One of the boys stared up at Ryoka, his words carefully enunciated. Yet he looked at Ryoka with a certain knowing. She blinked.
“I am.”
The children murmured. A girl with a little hairnet pointed at her, excitedly.
“You’re the one who can make people fly?”
The Wind Runner started. How did they…?
Her fans. Her fans, who sent [Message] spells to each other or wrote, or just communicated with the power of gossip. Not the posers like Tyrion or Lupp or Ieka, the adults, but the real, hardcore fans.
Children. Of all the Couriers in the world, and they were all famous celebrities to children, the Wind Runner had a fantastic talent. They’d heard about her. And hadn’t that boy who kept shouting for her said she could do it?
Make them fly. Ryoka Griffin looked at the shining eyes, as Baron Regalius, amiably confused, swept his hair back.
“What’s this now?”
 
——
 
Children across the world loved to fly. It was simple. Just grab a sheet and soar through the air, as high as twenty feet overhead. Don’t let go, though! Well, twice the Wind Runner had dove and caught the children whom she could see were slipping—and they never went too far up, those ones.
The wind could be kind. It could also be cruel, but Ryoka had a word with it. Anyways, the wind loved to fill the little sailcloths, toss children up and let them come down, slowly.
Fly. A dream so grand, and she could make it happen, for a few minutes, for a few hours.
