8.41
Page 19
Chorisa spoke through gritted teeth. Her eyes bored into Ryoka’s face. The Wind Runner nodded, slowly. She spoke, carefully, without mockery or as she had before, carelessly. Because she’d realized something.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t know. I barely met her before…we teleported across the world, you know. I didn’t kill her.”
The Thirsting Veil [Knights] started. Ryoka saw one’s head turn, then snap around. They looked at her.
“Dame Eclizza died in the course of her duties, Courier Griffin. She was a war hero to Ailendamus.”
Chorisa spoke. It was a nothing-phrase. Ryoka nodded.
They didn’t know.
“I didn’t kill her. I can swear on a truth spell or Skill. I’m sorry she died. There was nothing I could do to stop it. We were travelling via the spell when the Death of Magic killed her.”
The Death of…? Suddenly, all four visors were locked onto Ryoka’s face. Chorisa hesitated. The [Knight-Captain] looked at her sisters, at the empty corridor, and swung back to Ryoka.
“This is not information we are authorized to hear. We do not discuss the affairs of state with prisoners!”
Her tone betrayed her. Ryoka nodded, reasonably. She turned and walked down the corridor.
“Absolutely. Understood. In that case…I’m not talking to you. I’m just Ryoka Griffin, Courier, walking here. Talking to myself. It wasn’t me. It wasn’t Sammy, the boy who came with me. He was an accident. I don’t know if it was that or just bad luck. But we met, somehow, during the [Greater Teleport] spell.”
The [Knights] followed her as she strolled back to her room, listening. Ryoka thought they had stopped breathing.
“It was the Death of Magic. And the Death of Chains. They were there, somehow. The Death of Magic spotted us and cast a spell—somehow. Through the teleportation spell. That’s how Dame Eclizza died. She still perished because of me. But that’s what happened. I…would want you to know that.”
Ryoka Griffin stopped at her door. She looked back, at the four visible Thirsting Veil Knights, who were looking at her. She wondered what their faces were like, behind their helmets.
All was silent for a long time. Then Ryoka heard a whisper, strangled. From one of the others, the tallest one.
“Did…she die well?”
The Wind Runner saw Chorisa’s head snap around.
“Dame Lacres! Find your sisters for a changing of the guard!”
“Yes, Knight-Captain!”
The other [Knight] jerked to attention, performed a salute, and ran. Ryoka looked at the [Knights]. In silence, she nodded and closed the door.
 
——
 
The next day, Ryoka Griffin visited the Court of Masks. It was like…well. Venice’s festival of masks meeting Phantom of the Opera inside some kind of reinterpretation of a secret society, but without the depravity and greed.
That was how she could describe it to an outsider. When she and Baron Regalius stopped outside the Court of Masks, they found an archway and wardstones so powerful Ryoka felt the hum.
“Your guards will not be needed inside, Courier Griffin. Unless they object, I do not believe any force short of an army could bear actual threat inside the Court of Masks.”
Regalius looked at the four [Knights]. They did not object. They were quiet, today. And less instantly hostile. Ryoka glanced down at her bare feet and silk clothing. She looked at the masks, each on a pillow.
Masks. Ryoka had seen the old masks people made. From hawks to owls to long-nosed, eerie placeholders for the face. Sometimes for a purpose, like the old doctor’s masks for plague. Others, simply for entertainment. Style.
