8.41
Page 3
A female Fae, for whatever looks and such terms were worth, was arguing with him. Her skin was pale blue, and her hair like crystals. She wore a scowl to match his thunderous fury. Sikeri halted with the other visitors, and turned her ears to that conversation. It couldn’t be coincidence. If those two were here, whose paths and fates had both crossed with that little mortal…she heard the words drifting towards her ear. What were they arguing about, what grand fate or designs?
“T’was not yours to choose, ye daft cunt! I chose, and let it be so. For better or worse, I invoke prophecy.”
“Prophecy be damned. Nevermore. We have paid every price. Theirs was greatest.”
Melidore pointed. The entire court of the fae went still. Sikeri’s stomach churned.
He pointed at the empty thrones. Two. But one was sometimes sat in. Sometimes used, although you should tremble if it was taken. But the other?
The other was covered by a veil. No, a shroud. The other would never be used again.
Even Ivolethe went quiet. Melidore raised his voice. His arms.
“Not for friendship! Not for fate! Nevermore, I said. Nevermore.”
The force of the argument made Sikeri begin to feel physically ill. Nor did she like the way the two Fae kept glancing in her direction. They scrutinized the visitors, some of whom clearly had business with lesser members of the Court, or just stood there, stunned, not even noticing this argument amid the countless things they had to tune out or be overwhelmed by.
Did a hundred thousand visitors and supplicants stand with her? Or just a handful? Time…time was…elusive here. Sikeri might well return before she finished her business here, if it was quick enough. She hadn’t seen herself on the way here, though, so she doubted it.
“There she is. Let us settle this now, Melidore.”
The other high Fae caught sight of Sikeri. The Fae around him stirred, and a familiar buzz filled the air—not friendly at all. She instantly bowed to the Winter Court, on the grounds that Ivolethe and her kin looked slightly less hostile and this was her place. Could she play them off against each other? They looked equally matched, at least those two did. If she was cunning, maybe—
Thoughts betrayed you, here. Sikeri knew better, but she fell into her own nature. Both of them saw it. Ivolethe laughed evilly. Melidore’s eyes narrowed.
“Agreed, Ivolethe. If it must be done, let it be done! More was done that day, and not all ill. This, though, this interference? The petition? We shall hear it now and be done. Especially that one, who violated the hospitality of guests.”
He pointed at her. Suddenly, the entire Faerie Court turned. Teasing figures broke away from the haughty, annoyed older cousins of Sikeri, escorting the boy who used to have a stick that Ryoka had once met.
The Wyrm was caught out in the open. She froze, and then saw how neat the trap was; no, how she should have counted the guests as well as the court itself. Many were puzzled, or amused, or understandably wary.
But even here, the guests…her head snaked left. She saw a furry figure with spectacles offering a basket of her mushrooms around. A trio of Kings stood idly to one side, watching with bright eyes.
Uh oh. Oh no. Sikeri turned to run. She was, of course, too slow, and had been the moment she came here. The little boy from the city pointed at her.
“Is she why we’re here?”
His older kin nodded. Every eye fell on Sikeri’val-Toreshio-Maresssui. Melidore strode down from the central dais, and the summer and winter split. Ivolethe on the other side. The Fae was enraged. He pointed.
