8.41
Page 17
Ser Yoriven didn’t so much fly as glide past the children on an improvised sailcloth. He crashed into another hedge-sculpture and attracted the wrath of a [Gardener], who had just come by to see the destroyed lawn section.
Ryoka Griffin looked at him, fleeing the angry man’s wrath and the dangerous hedge-clippers. She looked at the Thirsting Veil [Knights], who were signing autographs for some shy children, mostly girls, who’d come up with bits of parchment or the autograph cardboard squares they’d gotten somewhere. Someone thrust one in her face, and Regalius signed one with a flourish for a shy girl.
She had to ask.
“The court decides everything, Baron Regalius? I thought the crown would…”
Or Duke Rhisveri. The Baron looked surprised.
“That you do not know, Miss Griffin, means you are a new guest. New to Terandria itself, although the Court of Masks is unprecedented in any case.”
“Court of Masks?”
“Indeed. It is not the Crown, nor the…how shall I say it? Not a formal echelon of government. Rather, it is simply the Court of Masks. I do apologize, it is hard to explain.”
He laughed, a bit self-consciously.
“You see, it was first put in place after his Majesty, Itorin the First, second [King] of Ailendamus, decreed that there should be a way to let meritorious thoughts inform good governance. He, in his wisdom, saw fit to create a setting wherein anyone was free to express their opinion, frankly, without retribution. Behind a mask. It was a splendid success, and the Court of Masks has changed somewhat over a hundred years, but it is a fascinating sight. I would like to show you.”
Ryoka Griffin listened. She felt a strange sensation tickling her stomach.
Rhisveri. It had to be. He had created…
“They all wear masks? That’s what I assume.”
“More magical than that, Miss Ryoka. I could not tell you who I spoke to unless they dropped hints. Which is one of the games of court, of course. I am almost sure I know the [Royal Captain of the Guard]—he has a lisp, though there is no intonation or height or even scent you could guess! Just words. In that place, if invited, a guest or member of state may find themselves frankly expressing an opinion to a [Great General] that they could not otherwise. There will be no retribution for utterances there, although one may earn quite a standing and the respect not garnered otherwise. Isn’t it fascinating? When I first heard of it, as a boy, I thought there was a place to rise or fall on your merits.”
On your merits. Ryoka Griffin felt like something was wrong with her jaw. And ears. Because that sounded like the most egalitarian, fanciful theory-based way to run a system…ever. It sounded so much like a philosophy-student’s wet dream that she wanted to find someone to shake and tell them it would never work in the real world.
But it existed, and apparently did inform the decisions made in government.
“More than one decision in the Court of Masks has been put forward by the crown, Miss Griffin. You may find yourself speaking with the [King]. Who knows, perhaps I have, and never known it.”
Ryoka took a look around. At the garden, the [Knights], Ser Yoriven, the children playing happily, the Baron Regalius who wanted to copy this on the basis that it made children happy—and it finally hit her.
From the library to even her guards. With the exception of perhaps one being, Rhisveri, the Wyrm itself—Ailendamus was not itself corrupted. Not evil.
