8.41
Page 36
All wins. She had even met the Duke again—but failed to get him to come to the negotiating table. That was because he was right.
Ryoka was a glorified socialite in a sense. She had very little actual power save for the people she rubbed shoulders with.
In the grand scheme of things. The Wind Runner reminded herself that she was Courier Ryoka Griffin. She had won the wind’s friendship and power. She had walked the lands of the fae. Her being able to navigate the Court of Masks proved that. She actually had a decent amount of wealth too. Not as many artifacts as established Couriers, but she was not worthless.
She just wasn’t able to move a Wyrm or negotiate on the level it took to make Rhisveri pay attention to her. She could not offer Teriarch much that he didn’t have. That was the same problem. Ryoka Griffin had moved up in the world, but she was now the literal messenger-girl in the game of kings. Or the letter itself, as the case might be.
Ryoka thought she could push Rhisveri based on promises, Sikeri, and so on, but he was right in assuming the odds of the fae coming to this world were remote. Even remoter than he thought, in truth.
Teriarch was also unavailable—as he was—to lean on. So Ryoka was left with Ryoka’s resources.
“And I don’t have enough.”
The Wind Runner scowled. As she lay in her comfy bed, she didn’t have the immediate answer out of the situation. Make friends with people like Baron Regalius, forge ties, albeit as a captive of Ailendamus.
As the Wind Runner lay there, her thread and mind kept snarling around Sikeri. That was what Ryoka couldn’t understand. If Rhisveri met her…she assumed it wasn’t a casual invitation extended. Why him? Were there no male Wyrms in the lands of the fae? What did Sikeri know?
 
——
 
What did Sikeri know? Well, it was also fair to ask what she didn’t know. What had she done?
The Wyrm trembled. She stood there, for…how long she couldn’t even tell. The Faerie King looked at her, then past her.
Then Oberon, King of the Fae, stopped. He held still, waiting. Everyone, visitors from far-off worlds, guests of the Realm of the Fae, the Winter Court and other fae, all held their breaths. Sikeri waited.
But nothing happened. He waited. The Faerie King waited and the moment was but a moment, but it lasted…how long? No one could say. He waited for the right point in time. Looked straight at Ryoka Griffin.
And spoke.
 
——
 
She was asleep when the voice called into her head, just like it did to so many who levelled. A voice in her mind. Only—a different one.
Distant, yes. Very distant. But far stronger.
Far louder.
“Ryoka Griffin.”
Her eyes opened in the middle of the night. Blearily, the Wind Runner looked around. But no one was in her room. Her eyes fluttered back closed, and she assumed it was like when you heard someone ring the doorbell but no one had. Phantom noise. It wasn’t a level up, anyways. She’d never hear that again. She began to drift off—
“Ryoka Griffin.”
This time there was no mistaking the voice. When it came the second time, it shook the entire room. Ryoka Griffin was out of bed and halfway under it by the time she came to her senses.
“Oh no. Oh fuck.”
She turned around. No, nononono…it had come for her at last. The consequences of being an idiot.
That voice. She knew that voice. She had heard it once before. It was him.
How? Hadn’t he said the gateway would be closed? Why?
