8.41
Page 14
“If she has no restrictions placed on her, I would consider her a guest in all but name. Has a [Chamberlain] issued orders as to her hospitality?”
“No, Baron Regalius.”
“Ah. Then she is a prisoner of war? The crown has classified her as…?”
“…We are unsure, Baron Regalius.”
The [Baron] looked disbelieving.
“I have never heard of a guest or prisoner without proper credentials. Who gave you your orders, Dame [Knights]? I do not mean to impugn your duties, but this is highly unusual.”
They gave him a look that said they knew it.
“Duke Rhisveri prevailed on the [Knight-Commander] of our Order stationed here for this duty, Baron Regalius. He issued no official designation to any member of the palace.”
The Baron paused. He pressed the heel of his gloved hand to his forehead, face openly perplexed.
“The Duke…? Well, I should hardly question his will. Given the circumstances, it would behoove us all to act as if she is a guest of state. I shall have a word with the [Chamberlain] ere I depart.”
He emphasized the words. The [Knights] nodded, as if he was settling something for them. With relief. And then Regalius gave Ryoka another sparkling smile.
“Do forgive me, Courier Griffin.”
She had already been besieged by the Hydra Knights. They were everything the Thirsting Veil were not. Friendly, even disconcertingly chummy.
“Is that trick a Skill, Courier? Or can anyone learn how to spin in the air like that?”
“You want to learn to parkour? Why? It’s not a combat trick.”
“Ah, but it looks like fun! Could one do that in armor?”
“I know you can backflip in armor. So it’s possible.”
The answer came out of Ryoka instinctively, mostly because the Thirsting Veil [Knights] were still glaring at her. The Hydra Knights begged to learn.
“We’ve only a day or two before we march for the front lines. Perhaps some pointers? We could work out the rest. We’re bound for the warfront.”
“The war? You’re to fight on the front lines, Ser? Which area, may I ask?”
One of the female [Knights], who had taken off her helmet to reveal dark red hair and a once-broken nose, was frowning at Ryoka. She had freckles and had introduced herself as Dame Chorisa. The Hydra Knight, Ser Yoriven, had flax hair, and a beaming personality. Almost too young, despite being twenty years of…Ryoka blinked. He was younger than she was!
“That’s right. We’re bound straight for Kaliv, to give the Dawn Concordat a right thrashing! If we’re not diverted to fill the ranks of our brothers and sisters. I hear two legions are giving the Order of Seasons a grand fight. Our Great Knight, the Dame of Hills herself, is leading the charge!”
“What has it been? Three duels with the Summer Champion?”
“Three! Pressed back twice, pushed him once. Neither one has felled the other yet! I would run all the way to either front, but we’ve two more days and the Baron has graciously invited us to his mansion! What a fine speech he gave—my entire family was there to see, and my nephew and cousin both want to follow after…”
It was disconcerting. The Thirsting Veil [Knights] were clearly veterans, and traded words with the rookie [Knights] heading off, but they actually took off helmets, clasped hands, and introduced themselves as Ryoka watched. Baron Regalius smiled, with calm reserve.
They were going to die. New [Knights] with sparkling armor or not…they were headed into a warzone with too much vim and vigor for Ryoka to smile properly. She glanced at the Baron. Then at the [Knights].
“You’re the Order of the Hydra. Ah…”
