8.41
Page 20
These masks were like that and more. Each one was carved in a different shape. Here a stylized sun, there your owl, a classic bird mask, over there just an oval with two eye holes. Each one fit over the face with a simple strap.
The difference that took Ryoka by surprise was that they weren’t all white masks. No bone-white, creepy audience of masks this time. Each one had color. Beautiful color, sometimes. Ryoka saw a veil of cloth hanging from one mask, a strange but fascinating pattern on the cheeks of another in three glowing colors.
A golden mask, a complete ensemble with a conical hat, one that only covered the eyes and nose…
Some were amazing. She stared at a mask like some ancient war-visor. Regalius picked up the one that slid over the eyes, like some ancient [Bandit] or [Gentleman Thief].
“Choose whichever you wish, Ryoka. It will be yours and yours alone, so do find one you like. Don’t worry about which conceals your face. It will not matter once we enter. The mask is flavor; you can tell, for instance, I am wearing this mask—we can identify each other based on that, or you may keep yours hidden until we enter. I am not adverse to either.”
“Won’t they tell who you are based on that mask? At least that you’re male.”
Regalius smiled as he fastened the mask to his face. Ryoka hesitated over a full face-mask with spiral patterns, like some sunburst motif, only colored dark silver.
“Not inside. You will see. I advise you to listen, watch, learn, before speaking. It is a sight most guests are taken by. Shall we?”
He offered an arm. Ryoka edged past it, and they entered through the archway as the [Knights] waited. There was only one entrance to the dark Court of Masks, which seemed to be darkness from the outside. Yet as Ryoka and Regalius walked inside, they saw what it truly was.
A dark ballroom? Some grand audience chamber or theatre with Ailendamus’ elite, waxing poetic philosophy?
Ryoka expected either. What she got was the void.
Black space. She was standing in space. There was no floor, no sky, no walls. For a second, she felt terrifyingly, horrifically like she was in transit to the world of the fae.
“Steady. This disconcerts me. Where are we bound?”
A voice spoke to her right. She turned and saw Baron R—
…Who was that? A figure walked next to her. A figure with a mask over eyes and not the nose. But the lips, the chin, the bearing and physique of the person who stood there?
She had no idea who it was. It was not that there were no clues; on the contrary, for one second she had the distinct impression a half-Elf was peering down at her, hair darker than Ryoka’s hiding a face behind the mask as two lips smiled, seven feet tall—
The next, that she was speaking to a Drake, the mask in the same spot, but gender, coloration, height, all confused. It shifted every time Ryoka thought about it, so that if she focused it would keep flicking as she failed to keep ahold of details. If she did not? She simply knew and remembered it was the half-masked person she was talking to.
Baron Regalius.
“Steady. Do you remember me? No names, here.”
“I do.”
The Baron was pleasantly surprised.
“It takes even seasoned [Diplomats] and experts a few minutes to get used to this. You are remarkable—we often call each other by masks—Sunburst.”
Ryoka Griffin nodded slowly.
“Thank you.”
She did indeed get ahold of her senses, arguably faster than Regalius himself. This was a weird modality of being.
It was not, however, unknown to her. In fact, it was simpler. She stepped into the Court of Masks, the first room, and gasped.
