8.41
Page 40
The two were all but ready to flee. Even the ghosts felt it, and flocked around in confusion. A Void Dragon seized the chance and took wing, flying across the ocean with the recent dead, representatives.
The six hesitated. A crack was danger, but for both sides. Why? They sensed him staring at them with malevolence. The Bearded Leader raged.
“What are you doing to our world? How dare you?”
Oberon smiled. Mockingly. Through just a tiny crack in a door.
Why? To mock them. Because it mattered.
There were many reasons. For fate. For chance.
But most of all…Ryoka Griffin stared as the broken gateway moved. The world twisted. for a second, they locked gazes and she felt an understanding shoot through her. A Dryad wept, falling, crying out. She heard countless voices calling her name.
“Cousin!”
Why? The Faerie King pushed something through, dropping them at Ryoka’s feet.
Because it was fair. Because there were rules. And he of all the fae—kept his word. He had always kept his word. No matter what it cost.
The gate slammed shut. Ryoka Griffin was alone once more. The palace rocked, and mortals began to wake. She saw the gateway crumble, another link broken.
The Wind Runner resolved to never, ever, say his name again. Not like that. Not three times. Unless she had to, of course.
What had he left her? What had Sikeri forfeited? Ob—he had paid it in stead of the Wyrm, and no doubt she’d have to pay the cost. Ryoka did not envy Sikeri.
He’d paid it? Suddenly, her breath caught. She bent down. It was dark. She couldn’t see what it was, at first, so she whispered, searching for the wand she’d been given to find the bathroom at night.
“[Light].”
The magic of this place shone down. She found what the Faerie King had left her, a pile of it. It was…weathered stone.
Little stones. Native to the strata of whatever land they came from. Rocks, not very big; none even half the size of her hand. Some very small. Some were granite. Others basic stone. Sandstone?
They had…holes in them. Holes, not always in the exact center. In older mythologies, people liked to say they were magic stones. River stones that had a gap just like…
Stones. Ryoka saw dozens rolling about. Not magical. Stone.
Now, a lesser Ryoka would have begun screaming hysterically about the world’s most valuable private rock collection. She would have been stupid, for a while at least.
The Wind Runner just looked down at the stones. Then, abruptly, turned the [Light] spell off. In the darkness? She took another glance downwards at the stones in her hand. From…a different point of view.
Then she saw. Saw how each one was different, each bit of stone written, marked with a magic that had no box and never would.
Written with words. She couldn’t even read them. She didn’t know the language. Yet Ryoka held up one and felt the inner heat. She knew it, because it was what the word meant.
Fire.
Each stone written differently. Each one, a coin. Currency. His people’s currency. Ryoka looked down at the money.
Obol of the Faerie King. She felt at her pockets for a bit of string. After all—she was fairly certain she was rich. And she was definitely going to flaunt it.
 
——
 
So then, that was how the Wind Runner’s name reached Itorin II again. He was already intending on talking with the young Lord of House Veltras, but both his son and daughter brought up her name.
So did some of the ministers. Something about the Court of Masks? The royal family heard her name more than once that day.
