8.41
Page 0

[The Wandering Inn will be on break until the 14th of September for Patrons!]
 
…After all, what was the worst that could happen?
Oblivion. Nay, worse than oblivion. A depth of horror and agony unfathomable. Death as kindness. Existence where suffering pitied you, and corruption—oh, yes.
Corruption of more than just you and those you held dear. A spreading plague to engulf every fathomable thing, until the few lights left were drowned and nothing remained, and it devoured itself. Perhaps there would be something, afterwards, a start again.
But would you bet on it? If one fell, who fell next? Would you gamble, with those odds?
The answer was that sometimes, they did bet against outrageous fortune, because it must be done. They took the wager and paid. That was what you also remembered. The cost of failure.
Mindful of the odds and the dangers, the stakes that grew larger than just them, another door was locked. An old foe counted. Watchtowers lit in warning, edges honed in preparation. However, not even one dared peek through. No one defied the edict.
Not this time. Not yet.
There were affairs and businesses of every court, even as fallow as they now lay. Japes and trivial pursuits?
Not as she had heard it, not for a long time. And ‘long’ meant something here, even to her. So when the summons arrived, she was nervous.
Her sisters and kin made much of it. They laughed and joked she had finally crossed a line—half seriously. So she did her hair, put on the most elegant of attire and accentuated her makeup to impress. No half-measures, no chance of offending. This was an official summons, not when they came laughing.
The Faerie King called her name, so Sikeri’val-Toreshio-Maresssui answered.
Obviously, doing her hair was a metaphorical statement, but every being had a way to primp and pamper themselves. From a certain perspective, it did look like the haughty woman did just that. From one point of view, you could see her painting nails, brushing at dark, beautiful skin with a brush.
Or see one of the greatest beings of fables sleeking her scales with an ointment, even patterning each vast scale with delicate, subtle designs, paint, even words in her world’s tongue. Which looked like she was applying rouge from another angle.
Her sisters laughed at her, but there was an edge to the merriment. One draped herself on the windowsill of her mansion with the mountain as backdrop.
A vast head emerged from a tunnel gleaming with inset jewels along the stone walls. A voice hissed like thunder towards Sikeri.
“If you get us kicked out, Sikeri, as soon as I’ve properly moved in, I will be beside myself! What will we do? We’ll have to eat you!”
Laughter from within. More of her kin made similar…assurances. The Wyrm snapped insults back as she flicked some makeup at the other women calling down at her from the base of the slope.
A magical firefight of hurled insults, words that turned into screaming spells, blasted through the air as the Wyrm on the ground hissed at her kin, who replied with earth-shattering retorts, verbal and magical.
The petty argument only stopped when a sighing, annoyed, furry woman picked her way across the ground, a basket with mushrooms in hand. Nama glanced at Sikeri and her kin. Everyone but her was already inside, and the windows were shuttered. They stared out from the cracks, from under shuttered garage doors, balefully.
