8.41
Page 25
What was it like, though? Well, an aura was who you were. Untrained ones like Sammy’s were pure expressions of class and personality; later on they could become a theme. Like Pryde, who was sheer, well, pride.
Sammy did not wield his aura like she could, or many [Ladies], who could change from a delicate cloth to a razor’s edge.
Meeting Sammy’s aura was like being smacked in the face by a hammer with ‘Sammy’ written on it. He had as much finesse as a certain [Innkeeper], but more force than she did out of her inn.
The young [Duchess] went cross-eyed and nearly fell out of her seat. Sammy could throw people out of rooms, make horses run away, and even force people to do things sometimes. However, no sooner had the [Duchess] recoiled, then her six friends all stood up.
“He’s using his aura! Rece!”
“Stop! Stop!”
They pushed at him. Children turned and a few of the minding staff saw a shouting match erupt. They walked over, not seeing the invisible battle between one boy and seven girls. They pushed, but none of them were Sammy. A few had higher-ranking classes.
Sammy had Sammy. Who also had Sammy.
“Where. Is. Ryoka!?”
“Here now, let’s n—”
A [Carer] recoiled, stumbling backwards, and fell over a bench from the shock of hitting the aura. The other adults stared, and half the girls were in tears. Two more glared at Sammial. One just looked at him, confuzzled as everything. She answered—no, three did. They had to.
“We only met her! You’re so mean!”
“You didn’t answer me! Where is she?”
“Outside! She let us fly!”
More [Carers] and bodyguards were rushing over, attracted by the row. They were careful, but their wards were in trouble, so while they might not kick this unknown child to the moon on the chance he was a noble or [Princeling], they were going to do something.
Sammial didn’t care. He pointed at the most authoritative of the girls, who wasn’t bawling for her caretakers.
“Where is she now? I have to rescue her!”
Instantly, two more girls stopped crying. They stared at Sammy with interest.
“Rescue her?”
The girl wearing a brocade dress of silk herself looked at Sammy. Then a girl burst out.
“She promised to come back and let us fly! But I heard the Baron of Rules say he was taking her to the Court of Masks!”
The other girls oohed. The guards and servants slowed as the crying stopped. Should they interfere? The little boy pressed the girl who’d heard this.
“Who’s the Baron of Rules?”
“Baron Regalius. He’s always around. He wanted to show her to the Court of Masks. She might be there!”
“What’s that? Explain!”
Patiently, the girls and their leader did.
“The Court of Masks is where Ailendamus’ main court is. We’re not allowed in alone until we have our majority. But everyone looks like everyone. I went in there with my mother. It’s…scary. I mean…important.”
“Where is it? Tell me. I have to rescue Ryoka!”
“Rescue her from who?”
“The Duke.”
The girl in the brocade dress peered at Sammial. She had reddish hair, but it was marred, by the high standards of hair-color in Terandria, by dark violet. She eyed Sammial, then beckoned. He stomped over impatiently and she whispered in his ear.
“Is she the one the Duke’s mad about? The…Thief?”
He looked at her. How did she know that?
“Yes! Where is she? He’s going to zap her with lightning again! Or take her clothes!”
“Take her clothes? He strips her?”
