8.41
Page 31
Ryoka Griffin reached for a door handle—pushed her hand through a void of space—and pulled. Then they found it. A door into—
The center of the Court of Masks. A room apart, never meant to be found by the rest of them. The young woman and the boy stumbled into a strange parlor. For it was a parlor, a private room for guests to sit, socialize and talk.
Only, it was made of ancient stone. Black jade for a floor, luminous crystal furniture. No—half were crystal of some kind. The other half stone until you looked closer and saw how they were too rounded, too natural. Stone, but it had once been alive.
Petrified wood. Interspersed around the tables were other oddities. Ancient pottery, so fine that the porcelain looked wafer-thin, a tea set that Ryoka was sure any appraiser in any world would value on the level of a royal possession. Or higher.
It was currently in use, and a half-full cup of tea had apparently been left at random on a stack of ancient tomes. Next to it, a huge feather was just…lying on the ground. A beautiful one that tapered from an off-tawny brown as deep as the forests to a sky grey.
The point was that each individual component was mysterious and grand. Rich stone that even Earthers believed was magical. Fossilized wood, in the shape of service. Ancient pottery, and to Ryoka’s eyes, a certain natural motif of enchanted collectibles. A big feather.
Together, they looked like a mess. The kind of hodge that not even pigs would podge. Completely out of place in Ailendamus, in short, and telling because no servants or Chamberlain du Asthetica or whatever would let a room like this exist.
It followed that the occupants of the room had put what they wanted here, and if anyone touched it, they too would soon not exist.
The occupants. Ryoka came to a slow stop. Everything slowly came together, at last. She saw three figures turn, out of presumably more. They were…doing the same thing everyone else had been doing.
“…in a terrible tantrum. It behooves us to leave them alone. In experience, leave alone.”
The first voice had no origin, just a general echo, as if you were hearing it after it bounced back from a place unseen.
“Not in kingdom. Not in land. He does not say everything. Nor why the world shook last solstice. Nor. Nor. It came from Rhir. My roots. Even now, they shake. You understand? They are shaking here. Something has happened.”
The second was old, grating. It sounded like dead wind in the woods, crumbling stone. Ryoka stirred. The third made no sound at all, just a keening whistle.
They turned, and Ryoka saw them. Sammial saw them. Three people, who, in this place, a safe space in a court famed for anonymity, could take the time to talk.
Three innocuous masks. The archetypical Crying Man mask from Greek tragedy, the first speaker. No…Ryoka’s eyes were round.
—That was how he looked to Sammial. The second had what Ryoka could only describe as a Fish. Silver Fish. The third? A Happy Cat.
They turned, without shock—more curiosity.
“What is this? Does Rhisveri introduce? No presence. No decorum.”
The Crying Man looked disapproving. The other two were more wary. One squinted at Sunburst, pointed.
“Two. What do they seem, Sophridel? That one carries magic like mine.”
“Never seen before. Never before has either walked the Court of Masks.”
Sophridel returned. The Crying Mask tilted the mask left and right. Like someone tilting their head.
“Impossible to find this place. Yet found. One sees us.”
The other two jolted. Crying Mask, Sophridel, stared at Ryoka, much in the same way she stared at h—it. Alarmed.
