8.41
Page 29
“They’re different people, hidden by magic, but they’re still…them, Sammy. That’s the entire point. They reveal themselves with every step, breath, and word. Look at those two, arguing about the Great Knights. About merit. See them? Pink Moon and Clamshell. See them?”
“Yes…who are they?”
Ryoka Griffin smiled. The two revealed themselves to her as she looked at them from afar. Stepping out of the shadows of their masks. Ah.
“…I don’t know who Pink Moon is, but she’s a Human [Lady]. Young. Going on about self-determination and levels. She might be from a poorer house? Well, I know why Clamshell is arguing for the system as it is.”
“Why? I can’t do it.”
“He’s a half-Giant. A half-Giant in court? Sammy, are you okay? Have they been treating you well?”
Sammial Veltras nodded. He tried with all his might, to see what Ryoka was seeing. All he succeeded in doing was giving himself a nosebleed, which was impressive in itself. Ryoka offered him a handkerchief.
“Listen, Sammial, don’t lose me. I need to do something here; I might not get another shot. I’m going to mess with the Court of Masks.”
She was a hacker in the system. Someone with knowledge of both internet societies and the ability to see behind each mask. Ryoka Griffin rubbed her hands together. Sammial brightened up.
He wasn’t as afraid, with her here. And he liked being taller. Everyone was of a height here and no one ignored him because he was a child. They ignored him because…he shouted and lost his temper…hold on.
He felt like he was learning something. But what? Sammial had a chance to talk and realize when people started ignoring him—or they just told him he was being childish to his face. Ryoka Griffin began doing a circuit of the Court of Masks.
She was looking for people, introducing herself, weighing in on arguments, but in a distinctly…interesting…style that she could only pull off like this.
For instance, everyone was willing to debate everything and you got plaudits on saying the right things to the right people. For being smart, of course, but who had the time to do that? Ryoka Griffin just broke into the Clamshell vs Pink Moon argument.
“Listen, I am completely on board with a merit-based system for Great Knights, but the fact remains that we have underrepresentation among minority populations like half-Giants. If one decides to become a [Knight], and succeeds by their standards, doesn’t that make her more unique than every regular Human candidate? The same for half-Elves.”
“It only does if you are trying to promote a comparison of species! Which I don’t think we want! Everyone is equal in Ailendamus!”
Pink Moon spluttered, as the young woman turned flustered. Sunburst turned to Clamshell, as the half-Giant tried to hide how pleased he was.
“Clamshell, back me up. Surely you understand that it’s not comparison so much as understanding, realizing there are fewer half-Giants present. If we don’t account for a disparity in populations, we are de facto ignoring them by flooding an equal playing field with Humans. If the Dame of the Hills had to compete on an ‘equal level’, there would be a hundred thousand Humans and her in the same pool. Which is not fair because there would be one half-Giant.”
“Very true, Sunburst.”
Pink Moon began to object. Sunburst, aka Ryoka Griffin, happily interjected before they could come up with a cohesive argument.
“…Which is why, to some minds, you could see a system of incentivizing half-Giant population booms. Free housing, even some kind of, I don’t know, reimbursement from the crown for children so that more Dames of the Hills appear?”
