8.41
Page 30
“What?”
She caught Clamshell mid-nod. Her audience began to mutter as Sunburst introduced the idea of paid procreation to their minds. And then skipped off with Cracked Raven as the hubbub started.
No, she didn’t support targeting minority populations to repopulate with government mandates. She wasn’t even sure where she landed on the inclusion of minorities as a factor in other selection processes. It was complicated.
…But it was really easy to present the most confounding, annoying debates that were prone to huge, blow-out arguments and run like spit. Especially if you could see who was arguing.
“Look. Do we need Dwarven steel? Or do we need the secrets of Dwarfsteel? Ailendamus is effectively beholden to Deríthal-vel. The Dwarves are able to charge their prices, or they sell to whomever buys more. But if Ailendamus undercuts their steel for, oh, twenty years, then I think someone’s more likely to come to the table. What do you think, Lion?”
She turned to a spluttering Dwarf amid an argument on trade. Sammial was talking with Clamshell, who’d followed them.
“I’m not against half-Giants!”
“Why?”
“Stop asking why! It’s obnoxious!”
“But why don’t you like the Dame of Hills if you like half-Giants?”
“She’s an example.”
“Why not someone else?”
Nice one, Sammy! He had just evolved from…eight-year old rhetoric, to about eleven. Not bad for an hour’s work.
Ryoka caused chaos. She actually felt bad about one time, when she literally walked a haughty noblewoman into insulting the ‘consorting aristocracy’ who had nothing better to do than pander to the lowest-common denominator—straight into a certain Half-Mask and his friends.
Flame war! Flaaaame waaar! Ryoka Griffin was doing this to serve a purpose, mind you. Firstly, a huge grudge against Rhisveri. Second?
She was waiting for someone to notice. And as she toured each area of the Court of Masks, Ryoka Griffin began to realize something else.
“Sam—Cracked Raven. There’s something odd about this place.”
“…Besides the fact that we can walk straight up and down, Sunburst?”
“Yeah, besides that.”
Ryoka peered at each ‘room’, the different, selected illusions now all seething with arguments and fighting, and half the group looking for her, to keep arguing their side she actually didn’t care about. She squinted.
“…Strange. It’s a circle.”
“No, it’s not. You’re stupid. I mean, your opinion is demonstrably wrong, Sunburst. They’re all over the place.”
Sammy corrected himself. Ryoka shook her head.
“…No, they’re not.”
She saw what he meant. From a certain point of view, you could get to any number of the floating talking-rooms in the void, like stars in the night sky.
From her perspective, they were walking a long, circular corridor into rooms. Wait a second. Was she still not seeing…?
The world shifted. Ryoka vaguely, vaguely, made out a long…curving…circular…hallway. With rooms branching off. She looked at the boy, the ground—then lost it.
The void returned.
“…I feel stupid.”
There was an inner court to the projection. And…Ryoka began to feel her way through the void, and saw the arguing masks receding. Aha.
There were places they couldn’t go. Places that, unless you knew how to access them…Ryoka had suspected as much.
Even a Court of Masks needs someone to oversee it, maintain it. There are private rooms in Rhisveri’s community. Sammial struggled after Ryoka, having to take Sunburst’s hand.
“Where are we going? I can’t…you’re going weird places, Ryoka.”
“I always go weird places, Sammy. That’s my specialty.”
