8.41
Page 32
“So ancient, so cunningly done. Seen through by eyes and unmade. In an instant, secrets revealed. And a boy.”
Ryoka Griffin said nothing. Sammial, Cracked Raven, was looking at the three, a bit disappointed, but at the vast room, far more interested. He didn’t see them. Presumably, even here, they didn’t take off their masks. Or maybe they saw each other as Ryoka saw them now. Besides which…one of them could never take off the Crying Mask on its face…no, its body.
It was the mask. Ryoka didn’t know what she was seeing. She saw a presence, filling the air, ‘turning’ to face her.
But what did it turn? Shoulders? Arms? Legs? It had none of these things. It—Sophridel—was all masks.
They floated in the air, a body, a column of faces. Snarling beasts. Strange objects given eyes and the semblance of faces. Smiling and crying, blank-faced.
Masks. That was all it was. Ryoka felt something tingling on her face. She realized then, in an instant.
I’m wearing part of it. A mask, hundreds, thousands, all enchanted. She hadn’t given thought to how they had been made. Ryoka began to try to take it off. She could not. She looked at Sophridel. Then the second.
Two bright eyes gleamed at her. The second speaker, Silver Fish, knew her more than the curious first. The hunched, short, barely five foot six person was humanoid in vague ways. Still far better than her two companions. Yet her body had no skin. Her limbs looked grown, not like the fleshy digits and rather deliberate biology.
More than anything, though, she looked old. Shrunken. Ancient of days. Here had been vibrancy. Here had been life. It had faded away, and living wood had turned.
She was stone. Fossilized wood. The figure was, to Ryoka, like the forest in the lands of the fae. Like Nama, if lesser.
Earth and nature, no longer living, but still bound to the same element. Just changed. The figure regarded Ryoka with as much fascination, even more, then snapped.
“Gilaw! Do not harm. Not yet.”
“Cannot in this place. Sacrosanct. Disapproving.”
Sophridel added, a distinct tone of unhappy rebuke in its voice. Ryoka saw the third figure freeze in creeping up on them. She was something too. A seven-foot tall, armored woman with a shock of hair like a mane and dark skin.
Ryoka gave her a blank look. She wasn’t…uh…that unusual. Then Gilaw twisted her neck nearly ninety degrees around to stare at them.
It hurt her as much as them, clearly, and she clapped a hand to her neck and screeched. Ryoka backed up at the same time as Sammial.
Okay, she fit with the others.
There they stood, regarding each other. Intruders, the secret group within the Court of Masks. The founder itself, the being that created this space. Two wearing its masks. Ryoka, with eyes and understanding from the realm of the Fae.
Sammy. He stared at the huge feather on the ground.
“It’s huge. Is it a Griffin feather?”
He walked over and picked it up. Instantly, Gilaw looked offended. She grabbed the feather, and she and Sammial began to tug on it.
“I want it. It’s mine!”
Sammy shouted. To which Gilaw, the adult woman, said nothing, just glared. Somehow their strengths were equal in this place.
“Sammy.”
“That one does not see. [Lord]. Young.”
Sophridel commented to its companion. The stone tree-woman peered at Ryoka.
“Magic like mine. The furthest travellers. Is this Rhisveri’s guest?”
“Logic dictates it so. Disturbance. We have been found.”
“It knows Rhisveri already. Summon him. Gilaw! Leave it!”
