8.41
Page 13
“Splendid. What a fine display of physical acumen. Milady, I am at your service, as are the Knights of the Order of the Hydra.”
They bowed, a more casual-looking group of a dozen [Knights], some training in practice gear, others with armor on, all carrying wooden weapons. They gave their peers in the Thirsting Veil a competitive, polite, loaded look, then turned with clear interest to Ryoka.
Baron Regalius? He swept forwards and tried to kiss Ryoka’s hand. She nearly turned and ran. Unperturbed, he gave her an elaborate bow with a hand sign—then a nod to the [Knights].
“May I not only thank you, Courier Griffin, on behalf of Ailendamus for providing such a vital service—I should also like to inquire as to that display of physical acumen! Is this some new training program? I hope so, or else the [Gardeners] will be more upset than ever.”
He glanced knowingly at the destroyed hedge. The two little boys were still staring, open-mouthed. The [Knights] glanced at each other. Ryoka was hesitating. This man had no idea. She wasn’t going to spoil the fun.
It was one of the Thirsting Veil [Knights] who coughed into one gauntleted hand as she removed her helmet. She glared at Ryoka, then bowed stiffly to the Baron.
“Baron Regalius, I regret to inform you that Miss…Ryoka Griffin is not a Courier in service to glorious Ailendamus. She is a prisoner of state. We are accompanying her in the course of our duties.”
She said nothing about destroying the greenery, though twigs and leaves were still patterned across her armor. She was red up to her ears, though. Oh yes, much like her in the end.
Baron Regalius’ eyebrows rose. He stepped back for a second, caught himself, and glanced at the Order of the Hydra, all of whom looked openly surprised. Ryoka waited, for accusations, for the elegant Baron to turn instantly hostile.
Then, with the most dramatic flourish and shake of his hair, he swept a hand across his brow and smiled. It was deserving of a television show and a flash of light from his teeth.
“A prisoner? Well, such matters are out of my purview. Nevertheless, a prisoner of great Ailendamus is still a guest of state! If this Courier has the run of the palace, I should still like to ask about such fascinating tricks!”
He turned to Ryoka, and gave her a fabulous smile. She felt like shading her face to turn down the glow of personality.
“I do not know the particulars, Courier Griffin, but I hope you will resolve whatever issues lie between you and the crown.”
Is he serious? Even the Order of the Thirsting Veil looked taken aback for a second. After a second, their leader spoke, gruffly.
“Our apologies for disturbing you, Baron Regalius. We shall make sure Miss Griffin does not disturb others in the garden.”
As if she hadn’t dared Ryoka to…the Wind Runner’s glare was cut off by a hearty laugh.
“Disturb? Our sisters in the Thirsting Veil might not think that was special, but I’d like to learn how to do a flip like that! Imagine flipping over the enemy’s head—or running like that! Is she not allowed to talk to us, Dame Knights? We’d like to ask questions!”
The Order of the Hydra all nodded as one of the [Knights] put a sword on his shoulder. He peered at Ryoka.
“She’s not a war criminal, is she?”
“Her exact status is confidential, Ser Knight.”
The female [Knight] looked like she regretted everything that had led up to this moment. But the Hydra Knights were already pressing around. Ryoka’s guards hesitated. They clearly weren’t sure if this was permissible.
