8.41
Page 9
But what? She saw as many guests of the palace as servants. Ailendamus was no place for just court; half the people she passed looked like administrative assistants of some sort. Huh. So this place had an actual bureaucracy. She didn’t exp—
“Miss. This area is off-limits.”
A [Knight] materialized, scared the daylights out of a [Scribe] and Ryoka, and blocked her path forwards. She looked up and read the archway.
Administorum du Status.
Her lips moved silently. Either it was stupid, or it was some kind of bastardization of Latin and Terandria’s naming convention. Administration of State?
She looked at the [Knight] as the staff instantly made a gap around them. Ryoka shrugged. The unfriendly [Knight]’s face was visible behind her visor. Well, blankly unfriendly.
“Alright. Where can I go?”
“Nowhere in session or use. No higher official areas of the palace. You are confined to public areas and the immediate grounds, Miss.”
What an unhelpful reply. Ryoka was starting to dislike this [Knight] as much as the woman clearly—
No, no. Ryoka drew back. Wait a second. This was also familiar. Instant hostility only makes it worse. Imagine they’re like you.
It was a lesson hard-won, by meeting enough people willing to literally kick the crap out of her. And also by beating a copy of herself to death. Did wonders for your mental perceptions. Ryoka would recommend it, again.
“Thank you, Miss Knight. Can I ask where I could go to…stretch my legs?”
The Thirsting Veil [Knight] stared at Ryoka, then reluctantly replied to the reasonable tone and request.
“I suggest the outer gardens, Miss. They are typically unoccupied. However, formal events or gatherings…”
“…Don’t need me. Understood. Thank you.”
Ryoka Griffin walked back the way she’d come, ignoring the looks. The thing was, Rhisveri was ignoring her. Sensibly, in a way. What could Ryoka do?
He’d found his thief. Uncovering her identity and Teriarch’s status was clearly important, but not pressing. Ryoka needed to reverse that. She needed to also find where Sammial was and if he was safe.
Tyrion. What was he going to do? He had just nearly lost Hethon and Sammial. Now? Ryoka bit her lip.
This could be ugly.
“Um. Could I visit another prisoner? I have a friend. Sammial. If I could—”
“No interactions between prisoners are allowed.”
Ryoka stared at the unhelpful [Knight]’s vague shape in the air. This time she didn’t hide how annoyed she was.
“He’s a boy. I asked yesterday to have my request relayed—”
“His well-being is assured. No prisoners may meet without approval.”
“And who can grant approval?”
A moment of silence as she saw the three other invisible [Knights] shift.
“…Duke Rhisveri and the royal family are the only figures with the authority to grant permission.”
Ryoka narrowed her eyes.
“Then, may I petition for an audience with Duke Rhisveri?”
“No. The Duke will summon you when appropriate.”
There was a definite note of satisfaction in the [Knight]’s voice at this infuriating bit of logic. The Wind Runner’s kicking foot itched. The wind blew ominously around her. For a second.
Then she turned.
“Very well! Thank you for your help, Miss [Knight]. I’m sure Sammial’s safe and well-cared for. I wouldn’t dream of a [Knight] endangering a child, and I’m glad Ailendamus is holding to those high standards.”
She heard nothing but silence after this as she quickened her pace. Ryoka hoped that if Sammial needed anything, he’d get it.
