8.41
Page 23
A new mask, Cracked Raven, made itself known to Sunburst as it was thrust out of conversation after conversation, running about like a chicken, shouting. It did them little good; they reminded Ryoka of a young [Lord], barking to be heard, but no one had to entertain them here. The other masks turned away from Cracked Raven.
A meritocracy indeed. This…this had Rhisveri’s claws all over it. Here was a place to express ideas, but more importantly, here was a true court of politics. The nobility would be playing on two angles, as their public identities, and as the Court of Masks, where their power availed them little.
It was possible to ‘exile’ someone if a majority of the group disagreed. It wasn’t done often, but Sunburst saw a shimmering white barrier appear around other groups, and then suddenly around Cracked Raven. They tried to charge into another group, and were thrown backwards. Publicly locked out of talking with anyone who didn’t interface with them.
Overwhelmed, the figure stumbled, collapsed in the center of the lake-illusion. Blocked by all, but not ignored; the masks were pointing at the target of derision. Now there was a ruined reputation. Cracked Raven would have to work their way up from the bottom or stop attending; everyone would remember that.
Sunburst saw the masks turn to the popular darlings of the hour, the known ones, like Snarling Dog, who had power in this place and wielded it. This was what Rhisveri wanted.
A logical place. Let the best rise to the top, here and here alone. That was the ruling force. Logic and reason, the best arguments. What could make this nation better?
Utilitarianism at its finest. They came up with good ways to make government run better, or people happier. But the masks…why the masks? So you were anonymous? Or so you could hide behind them and present ideas without retribution?
It was very like Rhisveri to make this after all, Sunburst decided. It was how a Wyrm saw people. You are not people, with faces, only values of worth. No wonder he had let this flourish.
Sunburst—no, Ryoka Griffin looked around. Perhaps she was being too harsh. It was a fascinating place.
She just had no time for it. She had no time to get on Ailendamus’ side, change parts of it she hated, or…anything. She looked around and closed her eyes behind her mask. It was like a second face; she doubted she could even take it off if she wanted.
The bodies changed, but the masks stayed the same. A separate world. An unreal space, like, well, the internet, really. How interesting. She turned.
How interesting. But she could not linger. So, on their first day here, Sunburst set about turning the Court of Masks on its head. After all, this was a neat and orderly society. But Ryoka Griffin was a troll to outmatch Durene. Sunburst cracked her knuckles.
It was time for ‘batman’ to ride once again.
 
——
 
They didn’t believe who he was, at first. It was days until they let him out of his room. They didn’t tell him where Ryoka was and he. Was. Angry!
Sammial Veltras let them have it. He thought Ryoka was dead and that evil man with the goatee killed her. He didn’t know where he was. Ailendamus?
“I am [Lord] Sammial Veltras. I demand you let me go!”
The servants couldn’t even enter his room. Not when he raged. Which meant the little boy starved; he refused to eat the food they put outside his door. When he passed out, he found they’d cleaned up, and he ate, then threw another tantrum.
Only when his father sailed on Ailendamus was the palace made aware that this was not some boy with delusions of grandeur, but the genuine article.
