8.41
Page 1
Sikeri finished her preparations, and debated over a gift. She ignored the jeers as they started up, as the furry figure…from one point of view…kept walking, through the newly founded patch of reality, homes for those from other places.
All relative terms. This would have been petty drama, as Sikeri was used to at any time. Certainly, she paid her kin little mind—although she catalogued a host of insults to be held as grudges for later payback—because such threats bore little weight.
Conflict, real conflict, was rare here. It was not allowed or half the denizens might have already turned on the others. Some fools couldn’t help but be themselves, like the giant oaf blundering around, still looking for the little morsel who had pepper-sprayed and kicked him. Sikeri and her kin were not that crude.
However, the summons was concerning. Very. The Wyrm was nervous, not least because her sisters were not…joking. It was an outside chance, of course, very remote, that all of Wyrm-kind would be expelled.
It was still there. That was a consequence for their species, though. For her, Sikeri’val-Toreshio-Maresssui, specifically? It…it could be bad.
The number of things that could worry Sikeri were few and far between. An invitation to the Court of the Fae was one of them. It could go very badly indeed, especially if they were in a bad mood.
…Sikeri had not heard of a time all of them were in a good mood since she had fled here. The jollities of the court were long since past. So she prepared as quickly and as best she was able, and made the trek there.
It took a long time and a moment, as such things did. She travelled the entire way in a trice, but still experienced the long voyage. She had not begun in the outermost areas, nor the forest, nor city. Even so, it was a while.
A bad sign or good? It meant they were content to wait. It could be displeasure. It could be this wasn’t too important.
What had she done? Sikeri could think of a number of things, but given this? She…she had a theory. It wasn’t her fault! She had been a tiny bit opportunistic, with her knowledge of prophecy, seeing a chance, using an invitation to plant a message on a mortal agent. So what?
Yes, it was an off-limits place, and she had been a guest of Melidore’s company…but she hadn’t thought it would turn out like it did. Sikeri shuddered at the memory. She began to sweat.
He had made an appearance. Himself. In fullness. If she’d known that, she wouldn’t have interfered. So she’d twisted fate a tiny bit…in this one case. Which turned out to be a big case.
How mad were they? More importantly…which court was it going to be?
The woman, sweating a bit, came to a halt as she finally crossed into an inner place out of the more peripheral realms. She came to a palace. Of kinds. A courtyard, a sweeping place of delights and mystery and danger depending on what you saw, leading into a place for them to, well, be.
Further in, and greater acts abounded. Things were too real here. Do not lie. Lies could still be told, but sometimes they told themselves, and said things you didn’t want to hear. Truth began to blend with…possibility.
Here was a place for great audience and decision. Sikeri’s scales crawled with unease as she presented herself.
She noticed two things at this particular moment. Firstly? She was not the only guest today. Which was good! It meant she was not the lone, prime target of wrath or interest. The less important, the better. It did not jive with her usual sense of importance, but ego in this place was…dangerous.
