8.41
Page 27
There was, and wasn’t. Sammial saw a Minotaur’s cheeks—then a Naga’s slitted eyes, and body—but he knew it was his mind playing tricks. Only the mask was constant.
He had no idea who this was. 
“Why don’t you say why it was deserved? Or was that hyperbole? Here.”
Starfish patted a cushion of Nerrhavia’s courts, but suddenly Sammial was backing away. His breath caught in his lungs.
“No. Who are you? Where is…she…?”
“Ah, ah. No names here. You must be new. That’s a clue. You don’t want to be giving them out.”
The Starfish waggled a finger. Sammial didn’t answer. He looked around. So many masks. So many faces, voices without identity.
The boy turned, breath suddenly coming in gasps.
“Who…is this?”
A voice. Sammial turned and saw a looming horned figure. Glowing eyes, the face of a—a monster—
Starfish rolled their eyes.
“Don’t do that, Blue Demon. This is—”
“S-stay back!”
The words came out of Sammial’s mouth. He looked up at the looming figure. Then the Blue Demon’s mask was on a short figure. It regarded Sammial, perplexed. But the boy’s eyes were wide.
He realized what the girl had meant. Spooky?
Even for an adult, the sight of so many masked faces might be disconcerting. Frightening. For Sammial? He looked around, then ran back the way he’d come.
“Hey, wait!”
Starfish got up, but Sammial was in the void. And that was terrible too. It reminded him of the journey he’d had with Ryoka.
No. It reminded him of lying in his bed, feverish. Dying.
All the masks. Sammial broke into another room and froze. They turned, scrutinizing him.
Masks. Like [Assassins]. 
“Who are you all? Where is she?”
The boy screamed. But the masks just laughed at him.
“Who’s this fool? Shouting gets you nowhere in the Court of Masks.”
“Someone from the countryside, I’ll be bound. A new boy just come of age.”
“Say now. Is that implying you have something against provincial nobles, or the young?”
“No, I was just making a point about—er—causation—”
The mask spluttered as Sammial looked around. Another mask leaned in.
“Why did you assume it was a boy?”
His breath. Sammial clutched at his chest. Then he ran.
“I’m looking for—”
“Hey. You can’t just barge into a conversation! There is such a thing as decorum!”
A half-mask turned to him, offended. Sammial saw the group flick their fingers and something pushed him back. Terror turned to rage, and that was comforting, at least.
“Don’t you dare push me! I am—listen to me!”
He remembered the rules just in time, and threw his aura at them. But even his aura was wrong. It was…blank. Denuded of personality.
It still worked. Snarling Dog rocked, but Half-Mask and Majestic Owl instantly threw up their hands. Something met Sammial’s aura, and abruptly—blew him back along with the magic of this place.
“Now there’s someone without tact. Apologies, where were we?”
Head ringing, Sammial stumbled. He looked around, breathing more wildly.
“Hey! Listen to me! Someone—someone speak to me!”
He cried out, trying to look for something that wasn’t a face. But suddenly, Sammial was aware of the shade-people. He was surrounded by masks and ghosts. His aura wasn’t working properly here and they were blocking him out of groups.
The [Lord] ran right, and then left, shouting, but the others just excluded him. Now he felt like he was in one of his dreams. Trying to talk to people, his father, but no one listened. Surrounded by shadows. By masks. Only, this was reality, not a dream.
Yet for the boy, they began to merge. He was surrounded by ghosts. His mother. His breath caught.
