8.41
Page 34
He was screaming at Ryoka. Sammy put hands over his ears, and then remembered he had a feather. He clumsily put the quill into his belt so it trailed behind his head, like a crazy parasol. He could still hear, even blocking his ears, the roaring argument.
“You dare to upset my Court of Masks and trespass—I will have your fingernails plucked from your hands and fed to you!”
“Rhisveri. Rhisveri. Is this the Thief?”
Fithea interrupted. The angry Duke snapped at her.
“Yes! How did you let her find the inner place, Sophridel?”
The Elemental was hurt. Stately, the half-Elf drew himself up. Even now, Ryoka could see him and both of them knew it. After all—he was still his true self, just disguised.
“She sees. Impoliteness, Rhisveri Zessoprical, hurtful. Others should know.”
Others. Rhisveri’s head turned as Ryoka’s ears perked up. He snarled.
“This is my affair and I will deal with it.”
“It is not any longer. She walks with the wind. She is a friend of the furthest travellers!”
Fithea interrupted. The Dryad grabbed at Rhisveri’s arm. He went to shake her off—then caught himself and stopped. Almost gently, he prised her hand off his arm.
“I know that. Do you think I am a fool?”
Fithea and Sophridel looked at each other. Rhisveri snarled.
“Do not task me at this moment. That was what the Thief claimed. I also smelled…”
He gave Sammial a wary look. The boy was picking his nose.
“…I will tell you later. I thought the Thief was dangerous, but her claims were beyond outlandish. The furthest travellers…I was going to ask you, Fithea, about them.”
“Not do anything with her?”
The Dryad was appalled. Ryoka found it was time to break in. She bowed, to Sophridel and Fithea.
“My name is Ryoka Griffin. I am—”
“Shut up!”
Rhisveri blasted a [Silence] spell so hard into Ryoka that Sammial saw her fly backwards. He clenched his fists.
“How dare you! I’m going t—”
Rhisveri’s head swung around. Sammial stared at the livid face. He slowly backed away. He was learning. Arguably faster than Ryoka.
The Duke took a shuddering breath as Ryoka lay flat on her back. She slowly sat up as he snapped at his companions.
“I was content to wait. We are at war, and that little thing is leading us into conflict with the Five Families.”
“That was your fault. We advised you to—”
“Shut up. The Thief claimed protection from the furthest travellers and tried to invoke them, so I did not melt her on the spot. I was content to wait.”
“Until when? Dubious.”
“Until they arrived! With the winter! However, it seems she was not content to avoid my wrath. Five days and she puts the Court of Masks on its head!”
“Were you planning on keeping it from us until our next meeting? I wish to speak with…”
Ryoka Griffin got up. Her head was spinning, but the magical mute button didn’t keep her from hearing. So that was what Rhisveri had been planning. He…was going to be disappointed about the winter idea, but it made sense.
The Wyrm kept arguing with his companions, but it was clear who was in charge. Fithea stormed off to tell the ‘others’, with Gilaw hopping, literally hopping behind her, as Sophridel went back to sort out the Court of Masks. Rhisveri turned on Ryoka.
“Take that brat away.”
“Ryoka! Unhand me! That’s my feather. I found it! Ryoka!”
Sammial kicked as his pursuers finally caught up with him, but he was actually wise enough not to put up much of a fuss. Rhisveri was left with Ryoka outside the Court of Masks. He looked at her.
“I could kill you now for this, Thief.”
The Wind Runner moved her mouth and found she could speak.
