8.41
Page 28
He didn’t want to see his mother. Not here. The dead. They were all dead and so was he.
He clutched at his chest. His mind wasn’t working right. Neither were—his—lungs—
Overwhelmed, his breath catching, starting, stopping, unable to inhale, the masked figure collapsed, to the amused laughter of those watching. Sammial lay on the floor as a few shadows dithered over him. He tried to breathe. He tried to scream for help, but no one knew his name. No one cared.
Help me. Please. No one moved. Sammial tried to shout, to tear the Cracked Raven’s mask off his face. He was alone. He couldn’t breathe. The world turned dark as he tried to…
“Mother?”
She was coming. Coming to take him with her. He tried to run, to crawl, as a dead woman, a mask, reached down for him. His eyes opened wide.
Then air filled his lungs. The wind blew, in the Court of Masks, and a Sunburst mask bent down.
“Sammial?”
The boy looked up as an unfamiliar voice and body spoke his name. But then, Sunburst was helping him up. Even their hands felt different. Yet they spoke to him, and the wind blew, giving him air.
“It’s me, Ryoka. Sammial, how did you get here? What’s wrong?”
“R-Ryoka?”
The Cracked Raven looked at Sunburst. They were both there. Only, instead of finding her—she’d rescued him, again. He clung to her, shaking.
 
——
 
Sammial Veltras was here. Somehow, he’d escaped his room, found his way into the Court of Masks. Ryoka couldn’t believe it.
But it was him. She saw him, eyes welling with tears, face relaxing from terror. He was no longer choking, having a panic attack. The wind blew around them.
A few masks were looking over, realizing something had been actually wrong. Ryoka stared about. She looked at Sammial, at Baron Regalius, peering at her from behind his mask.
Half-Mask. Snarling Dog came over with the others.
“Was something actually wrong with Cracked Raven, Sunburst?”
“Something was. I think it’s alright.”
“Let’s call for a [Healer] or the staff—unless Cracked Raven is fine? Very well, as I was saying…”
Snarling Dog needed to make her point. Her point. The military mind telling others why the Five Families’ involvement was such a problem might have been one of their finest [Generals]. Looks were deceiving, after all.
…But she looked like a [Head of Staff], a mother behind her Snarling Dog mask. Or was she a [Head Baker]? Did they let those in? Ryoka swore it was flour on an apron.
Not that she saw that. One second Snarling Dog was a Gnoll [Hunter], the next, a Drowned Woman, half Quillfish. No one could see through the mask and their magic or Skill or whatever this was. It was a layer of reality separate from the regular one, to preserve anonymity.
A shame then, that to Ryoka Griffin, it was all just…a matter of perspective.
She honestly had no idea if she could have done this before the land of the fae, but the instant she had set foot in here, it had reminded her of that place.
See the world a different way. It was far, far easier to look behind the masks than it was to change the Faelands to another perspective. As Sammial calmed down, Ryoka tried to explain. He was agog.
“You can tell? How?”
“…Good eyes. Can you do it, Sammial? All you have to do is…look at reality from a different angle. See the meaning from the other side. I don’t know how to put it into words, but it’s possible. Do you understand?”
The boy gave her a look that said he, as a child, understood exactly what she was asking him to do and exactly how insane it was.
He gave it a shot. Ryoka kept trying to tell him how it worked.
