8.41
Page 41
A [Princess] of Ailendamus and a little [Prince] both crowded towards the window, fascinated. Their father held them back, eying the figure standing there, fists clenched, warily.
Duke Rhisveri. He stood there, staring out the window like thunder, and no one, not even the royal family, disturbed him. Yet he was not the only person.
Baron Regalius, Fithea, Conservator of Forests, a liaison to half-Elves, and far more. They looked at her by morning.
The Wind Runner of Reizmelt, Courier, prisoner of Ailendamus, standing in the courtyard. Letting a little boy sail around to peals of laughter. Sammial Veltras.
Children, her adoring fans, stared as the wind blew harder. Ryoka Griffin stood there, as the wind whipped around Ailendamus’ palace. She was smiling.
No one pay any attention to me. I’m just doing my own thing. Nothing to see here.
She winked at Sammial as her hands moved. Juggling coins as she faced the palace. Currency you had no name for. Ryoka Griffin, approximate wealth: richer than a certain Wyrm.
Faefriend. Willing to make a trade.
Depending on what you had to offer.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I’m not sure I did this chapter justice. My shoulders hurt. It’s not arm pain anymore…just sore shoulders. I’m pretty sure it’s from being too tense.
I’ve had months that wore me out before or kicked the stuffing out of me, but these last two might be the ‘best’ yet. It’s time for a break.
One week. All I need is…one week. Maybe more? One week. Just so I can relax. Between a comic and everything else you don’t hear about, and even on regular months, I wear myself out.
I don’t know how I did it before the monthly break. Probably with weaker, shorter chapters. But during my week off, I get to relax. I don’t go on vacation if that’s what you imagine. I don’t go on rollercoasters—even if we did that anymore—or frolic in distance climbs or hike mountains.
I sit in hibernation-mode, playing video games, reading books, watching television and movies and Youtube videos because that’s how I reset. By turning my brain off for a while so I can keep working. Hopefully that results in a longer working cycle and more quality.
Until then, thanks for reading and vote on that chapter! Thanks,
—pirateaba
 
Yellat Plushie by Kalmia!
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/kalmiayarn

 
Merr the Storm by Lire!
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/lightsresonance

 
Flos and Belavierr by Auspicious Octopi!
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/auspiciousoctopi/
DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/auspiciousoctopi
 
 

