8.41
Page 2
When she stepped through the gates and saw inside, Sikeri exhaled in relief. The breath emerged as a plume of frost in quiet air.
The Winter Court awaits.
That was better than the Court of Spring. Winter could be harsh, cruel, and their mischief carried jagged edges.
Spring laughed. Spring made merry. Yet they were the more unpredictable of the two, and if Sikeri had heard buzzing, and the lights of the Spring Court had been out, and shadows darkened the hallways, she would have run, summons or not.
Even here, she saw so much to bother her. There was no broken city. Not here. No sign of disrepair; they had never left.
Yet so much empty space. It should have been filled, whichever court held sway. Countless little figures playing tricks and games with the great.
So few. Sikeri had walked here long ago, as a child, in her mother’s hand. She looked left, at where little Pixies should be pestering a calm figure. Or…
Naught but frozen space. Memories. No tumbling jesters. No laughter.
From a gathering that could sweep across the entire realm, spill out into each place, the host had reduced. Sikeri passed through an empty courtyard with a fountain, through hallways where only cold warriors stood, watching her. Uneasily, she nodded to them.
They never moved. The few other visitors walked along, some terrified, some in awe, not knowing what should be. Even Sikeri’s heart hurt for them.
Even in the court, when she finally reached them, all was not well. Look, if you ever come here, and see. For you shall never meet a more splendid gathering than this. Even if you are reborn from vessel to vessel, even if your soul wanders, you will remember…
…remember…
There were so few of them left. And still, their numbers were of countless thousands, shifting, never able to conform to that rule of petty math. Sikeri still saw it.
August figures turning, scrutinizing the visitors. Laughter, playful, as the youngest still paid homage to the tricks and jests, but only in places. They danced around the visitors, in many shapes.
It fooled those who had somehow made it this far without understanding how you were supposed to look. Sikeri fended off a little flying sprite by hissing at an impish member of the court, who skipped away, laughing.
Her eyes sought out the empty thrones. Sikeri relaxed. Good, good. He wasn’t here. That would have been a bad sign.
The Winter Court was made up of more subdued colors, but one learned to appreciate the subtler contrasts. The Spring Court was radiant, chaotic. Here were stark, contrasting colors, or subtle shades until entire parts of the court lay in a kind of darkness that revealed itself to be slow contrasts of midnight.
Brilliant pale frost, as painful as the pure, fiery intensity of the sun in space. Or…
Sikeri’s slow circuit of the room halted. What was that?
She had seen it before. They truly were…
A group of them sat and stood apart from the others. Their garb was festive. They had a limberness to their movements, an air that smelled of new earth, growing plants.
The Summer Fae, here? They refused to take the same air as their kin. They deliberately held their ground, in the heart of cold and winter. Was it a quarrel? Rebellion, however slight, a message? Mourning?
Not petty Fae, either. One of them was the very same personage who had led them to the party in question, the one where Sikeri had made…slight errors. She hadn’t known. No one had told her!
Melidore, whose full name was like Sikeri’s, too long to write out, stood with his group, in discord. Arguing with a delegation of the Winter Court.
