8.41
Page 6
Now. The problem was…Ryoka walked to the door. She opened it, walked into the guest room’s antechamber. Then a living room. Then she chose the wrong door again, and walked into a parlour. Out the parlour, and finally found the room to the hallway.
She stepped out of the door, peered right and left down the huge, just absurdly giant hallway. Ryoka was no stranger to money, and from her family, she knew that the newly-rich liked big mansions, usually with the latest trend that looked rich but was about as comfy and homey as an overpriced hotel suite.
White marble, giant, expensive things like wine racks—no taste, just what people think rich should look like. She gave Rhisveri credit; his palace was not tacky. It was absurdly huge, but now that she knew each corridor was large enough for a Wyrm to move through, it made more sense.
Apparently, along with designing entire wings, the Wyrm had actually carved up other palaces from the kingdoms Ailendamus had conquered and had them connected to this place. There was some style in having someone else’s throne room as your tea parlor.
Anyways, this area was right next to the royal wing, which was off-limits to all but the royal family except via invitation. Rhisveri’s haunting grounds. Even this area was remote from the usual guests of court. Sammy was somewhere around here, but Ryoka had yet to find where he was.
She looked around the huge hallway, past the pillars reaching up to a domed walkway with a giant relief of Ailendamus’ first War of Reclamation of ancient lands, nearly two hundred years ago. A piece that was thousands of feet long and told the entire story. Chronologically.
It seemed like no one was here. Ryoka Griffin slowly shut the door behind her, and it magically locked itself; only she or the staff or someone with the right authority could open it at will. Not much for Ryoka’s privacy, but such was a prisoner’s lot. She stepped down the corridor, glancing around again…
“Do you wish for something, Miss?”
A voice from the side. Ryoka whirled, cursing. She didn’t kick the figure standing to the side of her door, mainly because a bare foot kicking plate armor was really stupid.
The Knight of the Order of the Thirsting Veil watched her without much friendship in her eyes. Three more [Knights] all stood there.
Female [Knights], and the same Order that Great Knight of Ailendamus had belonged to. They had been posted on Ryoka, proving Rhisveri had [Knights] to spare. Ryoka smiled.
“Um. No. Just looking to see if you were here…”
“We will accompany you to your destination without drawing attention to ourselves, Miss. You may find refreshments that way. The royal wing is in the other direction and off limits.”
The blank-faced woman pointed, her expression never changing. Ryoka nodded. She started in the other direction, then turned back.
The Great Knight who the Death of Magic killed was apparently part of their Order. Probably beloved, if the casual looks they were giving her were any indication.
Purely professional, but with that underlying edge that told Ryoka they hated her guts. She was a professional stink-eye expert, so she knew what she was talking about. It read as, ‘we are here to escort you because you’re a prisoner and we’ll be so professional you’ll never see us, ma’am. But if we get the order, we’d just love to gut you and leave you dying on the floor.’
