8.41
Page 37
Because she’d called his name. Three times. Oh dead and hopefully rotting gods which weren’t as bad as this! Ryoka raced around the room, then ran out of it, screaming inside her head. Something dragged at her.
The terrified wind, in the dark corridors. Ryoka stumbled past four figures and saw the [Knights] asleep at their posts. The wind was dragging at the Wind Runner and Ryoka ran.
I’m so dead. I’m so dead! 
 
—Ryoka Griffin, 20??, died of never keeping her stupid mouth shut! Again!
 
She didn’t know where she was going. Only that she was summoned. And she had to attend. When the third time came, Ailendamus’ palace shook.
“RYOKA GRIFFIN.”
A Wyrm froze as he felt the entire palace move. He sensed the unfamiliar power, whispered ten thousand curses, and began preparing for what? War?
Fithea ran, screaming, through the hallways, searching for…she felt it too. But the target, the one who was dragged, running through the hallways where no mortal woke, not even the guards, was the Wind Runner.
She didn’t know which way she went. She was running down ancient corridors of stone, through older parts of the palace, founded at its inception two centuries ago, through parts leading to catacombs, storage rooms…where was she going? Why?
Something came to her, as, heart pounding out of her chest, she nearly collapsed. Ryoka Griffin heard a scream in her mind as thoughts finally caught up and collided in realization.
The fae came every year. Winter Sprites, they called them.
The gateway was old. Once, they came freely. Until tragedy.
This palace was built on a leyline. A—
Her head snapped up. She stared at something, buried at the bottom of Ailendamus’ palace. Forgotten by all.
A broken stone archway. A near-perfect circle, long-since broken, but still tracing the entryway. Writ with words so faded that they had lost all meaning. Covered in old lichen.
Ryoka’s breath caught in her chest. She stumbled towards the gateway, felt at the air.
There was nothing there. Just empty air. Yet she, for a second, touched the stone and saw them.
A bare sliver of an opening. So thin, perhaps even they couldn’t sense it. A risk, but one taken. Just a sliver, like a door ajar. So that you could press your eye to the crack and see…
The Court of the Fae stared at Ryoka. Sikeri stood before twin thrones. He looked at her and sat back.
Well. Ryoka Griffin froze. Those eyes caught her. Well now, you are here. All things are in place.
Let the deliberation of the fae begin.
 
——
 
From afar, they argued. She could see them, like a vision, that of someone from a mountain’s peak staring down below the layer of clouds to a tiny prairie below. That was how far it was, if you multiplied it a thousand times.
Even so, she vaguely caught the meaning. Not the words. Not more than the scene.
The Fae of the Winter Court, the great Wyrm, cowering before the ruler of this place. An audience of…visitors. Three Kings. Who smiled at her. Nama, waving.
A crack in the gate. Why? Just for her? No, Ryoka realized. Because she was needed. What was this? A trial?
Ivolethe was on one side, Melidore, the other. Fae were arguing their case before the Faerie King. It was as simple as the oldest arguments and trials in history.
One side was for, the other against. What…now, there was the key. Yet, as the Faerie King listened, it was clear something was off.
They weren’t arguing about what mattered. He was barely looking at Ivolethe and Melidore as some of the fae actually fought, with hands and claw and tooth or ringing swords, so furious was their debate.
