8.41
Page 16
It changed something. It changed everything. Because it was one thing for a strange Courier to appear, able to parkour, tricking and flipping all over the place like a fish out of water.
Quite another to see how she let kids enjoy a dream, and carefully caught them, essentially nannied and worried over them, more than parents. More than one had laughed as a kid went splat a few feet off the ground. It was a good lesson to learn: ‘hold on when someone said hold on!’. Ryoka, though, was the anxious Wind Hen Mother.
It made the Thirsting Veil Knights…confused. The Hydra Knights just laughed along, and Baron Regalius found it all fascinating. That was how he and Ryoka ended up speaking.
“Simply extraordinary. Wind magic?”
“She’s not supposed to be able to—”
“That’s right.”
Ryoka ignored the whispering in the background. Regalius nodded at the sight. She had been worried he’d tell off the children for consorting with the nobles’ sons and daughters, but he was more taken with the activity.
“Wind magic. Blowing children up and down like that. Does it work with adults? What am I saying? You are the Wind Runner. I heard a new Courier from Izril could fly…”
“It’s a bit more complex. Uh…but yes, it can work.”
And then she gave away the secrets of flight. What had she done? Ryoka avoided projectile vomiting on Regalius long enough for him to adjust the lapels of his jacket, still floating behind him in the wind. He looked at the wind, at the children, and nodded.
“What a delightful scene. Perhaps it can be replicated. Ailendamus does not lack for talented [Mages]; I wonder if [Aeromancers] would provide this service for children across the kingdom?”
“What?”
Ryoka hesitated, her mind going blank for a second.
“What?”
The children cried out, ecstatic. Regalius nodded, looking pleased with himself.
“It would be a lovely diversion. You know, I heard a motion in the courts to adopt a formalized education system—not just the individual schools for [Knights] and academies of magic. Someone suggested it in lieu of entertainment, which of course prompted a discussion on whether the state should mandate festivities.”
“Uh. Ailendamus doesn’t, I presume.”
Ryoka Griffin could just imagine what Duke Rhisveri thought about children. He’d been prepared to kill Sammial when—
“Well, only to a certain extent, Courier Griffin. We host approximately forty one holidays each year, wherein festivities are provided across the nation. For regular entertainment, there are [Bards] and [Singers]—much like the Singer of Terandria—who travel the nation. Song Crystals, exceptionally popular, have also been subsidized, you see. But the Singer has declined to tour Ailendamus as of yet—I suppose she’s worried about the war or politics.”
Ryoka’s mouth fell open. Regalius went on, with a clearly informed point of view.
“The question is: would the Kingdom find it preferable to fund [Toymakers], or create new bodies like these ‘Players of Celum’ I have heard so many fine things about? That is the topic of the hour in court.”
“The topic of…”
The Wind Runner weakly repeated. The Baron nodded.
“Now, I am minded to bring up flying as a recreational activity. I do not know how far it would traverse the court, but it would be a fine topic to present for myself, especially if it gathered acclaim. I hope you will not mind me borrowing it?”
Ryoka Griffin just stared at him. Then she turned her head and heard a shout.
“I say! Make way, children! If you can fly, then why not a [Kniiiiii—oh dear.”
