8.41
Page 26
She was horrified! The boy hesitated. Sammy was a bit unclear on the details, but it did seem like Ryoka tended to lose her clothes around Duke Rhisveri. He’d seen Ryoka naked, they had to take off her clothes once she started sweating blood, and he could have sworn she’d lost them recently in his presence, although the details were unclear.
“Yes!”
“I didn’t know he did that! I hate him. I’ll tell you where the Court of Masks is. No one will be able to find you when you’re in there.”
She whispered in his ear. Sammial listened.
“Thank you. I will remember this! A [Lord] remembers favors.”
He dashed off. Then ran back to take a huge bite of his steak. The girl watched him go. Only then did the breathless caretaker even manage to fight her way towards the group.
“Your Highness! Are you alright? Did that ruffian hurt you?”
“I am alright. Nanny Lemra?”
“Yes, your Highness?”
“…Does Uncle Rhisveri have a habit of behaving…uncouthly towards guests?”
The [Nanny] bit her lip before figuring out which lie to tell. Which, for a smart child, was really all the answer you needed. The [Princess] of Ailendamus stared after Sammial Veltras. She wondered who the Wind Runner was. Her brother had assured her she would believe a [Princess] could fly. She hoped she’d get a chance.
 
——
 
That was how Sammial Veltras came to the Court of Masks. The attendants stared at him as he marched up.
“Sir, the Court of Masks is not open to those under…”
Sammial had a way to deal with people like this. Not a good way, but it was one he’d learned worked. He lifted his chin, glared at the poor man, and spoke.
“My friend is inside. I am going to find her. Out of my way!”
“I—”
The [Servant] looked at the others, who fed him to the dogs…or Sammial. Either he could deny this young man and risk wrath, or let him in and hope all went well.
“Absolutely, sir, but you will need a mask.”
“A mask? Why?”
Sammial listened to an abbreviated explanation of the Court of Masks and understood exactly 0% of it. He eventually lost patience, snatched a mask, and ran inside. Sammial Veltras found himself standing in a void of the abyss. He looked around, disoriented, shouted, and realized he’d…changed.
He was bigger. His voice sounded different. Sammial looked about. He saw the distant ‘rooms’, like far-off visions of places in the oasis of the void.
His heart was suddenly beating out of his chest. Sammial ran, clumsily, towards the rooms. He found himself in one, a desert court, and stopped, panting.
“Steady there. Is something wrong?”
A mask like a starfish addressed him. Sammial jerked.
“What? What—no, I…I’m looking for a friend.”
He sounded older. Starfish nodded.
“Fair enough. Say, what have you heard about this Five Families business?”
“The what?”
“You haven’t heard?”
Starfish was delighted.
“The Pride of the Wellfar itself is sailing towards our blockade at sea! Tyrion Veltras himself is on it. They have some objection with the kingdom, or so it appears. Maybe it’s just flexing muscles, but it’s dangerous. What do you think, eh?”
“Father.”
Sammial muttered. Something pressed at his chest.
“What was that? What do you make of it?”
Starfish turned his head. Sammial looked at him.
“I said, House Veltras is going to stomp Ailendamus’ fleet flat. Good!”
The Starfish mask recoiled.
“Well now, I can see you’re going to be a lively one. I’ll remember you…”
The mask peered at Sammial’s face. As it did, the overly red Starfish, encrusted with little gems, loomed larger. Yet there was no face behind it.
