8.41
Page 24
The problem was Duke Rhisveri. No one touched the Duke’s projects, so the servants, who could have told you from Hour 1 that the kid thought he was Sammial Veltras, had been unable to ratify it via any normal chain of command.
After the truth came out, there were stupid [Generals] and [Strategists] and [Diplomats] who came to ask Sammial questions. The boy screamed at them. He demanded to know where Ryoka was, but no one answered him.
So he ran away. Yesterday had been all shouting, all day long and the [Strategists] who had invested in magical earplugs were not keen on talking to the little boy. When they finally, reluctantly, told the [Servants] to open the door with a very upset [Diplomat] and three [Carers], they found no Sammy Veltras.
He’d escaped. Everyone rushed to the window because it was four floors up and if the little boy had decided—the staff had locked it, but they hadn’t been able to even stand inside with a [Lord]’s aura assailing them! Was he…?
Sammial Veltras waited until they rushed outside. Then he crawled out of the dresser. He’d hidden in the drawers; adults never thought anyone could fit into places like that. And without his aura making the room hostile, or just his aura’s natural presence, he was like a ghost.
It was a trick Ullim and Jericha had fallen for more than once. Hethon wouldn’t have fallen for it.
Nor would Ryoka. Where was she? Why had she come here? That evil Duke. Sammy was fuzzy on arriving—he thought he remembered a half-Elf laughing at them while they transited, and then he was on the floor, and Ryoka was arguing with the Duke…
It was all a haze, but someone had to rescue Ryoka, and Sammy was [Lord] of House Veltras. So he peeked out of the room, and ran down the hallway.
Of course, the search was on, but a little boy in a huge palace versus a small number of searchers wasn’t even a fair fight. Especially because the searchers did not want to tell everyone they were looking for a little boy who would instantly shout, ‘I am Sammial Veltras’ at the top of his lungs.
Sammy realized he didn’t even have to hide behind vases and suits of armor! The palace was used to children and guests, and half the staff wanted to take him to his parents. When he assured them, haughtily, he was fine, they only nodded, and went to find the nearest [Head of Staff], [Chamberlain], or so on.
Sammial then ran away before they could come back. None of them knew where Ryoka Griffin was. He was pointed to two guest wings, where the men and women had no idea who a ‘Ryoka’ was.
She had to be in the dungeons. Sammial sat, chewing on a bite of steak as children around him ate or ordered food.
They had a banquet hall. Another child might have been too afraid to eat, or considered the exigencies of hiding vis a vis public areas. Sammial was hungry. Therefore, he marched in, sat down, and ordered a steak, and no one looked twice at him.
“—Wind Runner!”
It was then that he heard Ryoka’s name. Sammial turned. He saw a girl talking excitedly in noble clothes with some friends. He marched over and the group of girls stared at him.
“Where’s Ryoka?”
Sammy demanded. They looked at him a bit askance. He had on the guest clothing, but his accent, lack of manners, and everything else painted him as a foreigner.
“You’re not polite. I’m a Duchess. Go away, boy.”
One of the girls sneered at him. Sammial’s eyes narrowed.
“Where is Ryoka?”
And once again, he used his aura. His aura, which everyone in his family knew was so powerful at his age that it defied belief. A prodigy, they said. To develop one so strong at his age?
