8.41
Page 18
It might be arrogant as a nation. It certainly made war. However, no one that Ryoka Griffin had met today had that underbelly of cruelty or disdain for others. She felt she would have noticed. If anything, she had met more ominous people back on Izril.
Ailendamus…was prosperous. It seemed to treat its people well, have systems in place that created more equality than other places Ryoka had been.
“Do people starve in Ailendamus, Baron Regalius? Do you have [Farmers], a lower class?”
To that, the [Baron] gave her a haughty look.
“The [Farmers] are not the lower class, Miss Griffin. No less than six of our holidays honor them. If you are referring to the collective farms they work on—yes, Ailendamus has seen fit to organize its agriculture rather than let them compete. It has worked fairly splendidly. We are no longer dependent on Noelictus’ fields.”
Rhisveri. Rhisveri—had he made this? Was she able to not give him credit for this? Ryoka Griffin wondered. But she feared the truth was—it was his doing. The Wyrm cared nothing for the life of a child. But he probably wanted a kingdom that ran efficiently. Even in the cold void of carelessness, there was an argument that a happy populace didn’t cause trouble.
No, no, she was giving Ailendamus too much credit. It probably had cracks and flaws and people caught there. It just wasn’t the nightmarish kingdom of corruption, puppeted by a Wyrm. It could be a decent place.
Ryoka Griffin stood there, wrestling with the horrible realization that she couldn’t label all of Ailendamus as mindlessly evil and had to treat them like people. And if they were people…if Rhisveri was more than a ‘bad Wyrm’?
She was doing this all wrong. Ryoka had been combative, angry. She had a certain right to be, but Ryoka Griffin knew from her many experiences that her right wouldn’t get her anything. To get what she wanted, to move the levers she needed…she had to be clever.
The Wind Runner had walked the lands of the fae. So she looked at Baron Regalius.
“I should like to visit this Court of Masks, if it’s allowed, Baron Regalius.”
He smiled, but her guards objected. The Court of Masks was warded against harm and assassin and arguably better at ensuring Ryoka did no mischief inside of it, but they weren’t sure if this was allowed, and therefore it should not be.
“I shall inquire with the [Chamberlain] tomorrow. I do have a pressing duty to entertain the Order of the Hydra today. Until tomorrow, Courier Griffin?”
“Of course, thank you, Baron Regalius.”
When the children had been reluctantly told there was no more playing with the wind—today—and the Order of the Hydra followed the [Baron], whom Ryoka actually liked, she was escorted back to her rooms. Food, sleep…Ryoka had some books on Ailendamus to check out.
“This is a magical, powerful place, isn’t it?”
She commented to Dame Chorisa. Ryoka could feel it. The wind was stronger here.
“It is built on a natural leyline, Miss Griffin, and historic sites of old.”
The Thirsting Veil Knight caught herself, then slowly began to replace her helm. The incident with the children had done something to the [Knights] too. They weren’t as sure as they had been.
Oh, but they still didn’t like her. Ryoka felt that. So she turned.
“…The Great Knight who kidnapp—who took me to Ailendamus. What was her name? She was part of your Order, wasn’t she?”
If they could have disliked Ryoka more—the slightly relaxed shoulders rolled back, up. The four [Knights] went dangerously still.
“Dame Eclizza. Great Knight of the Order of the Thirsting Veil. The Pale Serpent of Ailendamus.”
