8.42
Page 6
“She’s already seen your abilities! And they even shouted your name. Besides, she can’t talk.”
“She can write.”
“Don’t worry. She’s on the run, so she’s one of us. Use logic, Vetn.”
“I don’t think you know what logic is.”
However, they introduced themselves as Vetn pointed and led the way through the grasslands. It was only then that Mrsha realized she was in the company of two seasoned criminals. The Thief of Clouds, and Sellme.
Since she knew Wilovan and Ratici, Mrsha considered herself safe as thieves…literally. Tesy was shorter than most Drakes she knew who were adults, and he was chatty. Vetn was more reserved, but he was always shifting his weight, even when standing still. They were both young males, but high-level!
“Vetn and I are famous for defying the order of Walled Cities. I paint truth on the walls and he steals from the powerful.”
And gives to the poor?
Mrsha was excited because she knew all about Robin Hood from Erin’s stories. Tesy hesitated and Vetn coughed.
“Uh. No. Tesy’s the one with a big plan to end the Watch and change everything. I just steal things.”
“From power. You shake the foundations of those rich, greedy, corrupt people with all the power who make terrible laws.”
“…Sure? Wait, does this shake the foundations of power?”
Vetn offered Mrsha something. She sniffed it and realized it was a Prelon. She took the fruit he’d snatched. Tesy hesitated.
“Why are you stealing from fruit stands?”
“I’m hungry.”
“But you can pay for it. Vetn—”
“Don’t ‘Vetn’ me. This is why we don’t collaborate anymore, Tesy. One of the reasons.”
The two gave each other long looks and Tesy’s tail thrashed in the grass. Vetn turned back to Mrsha.
“What are we going to do about her, anyways? First you nearly get caught at Cellidel, next this.”
“We could take her back home? Arrange for transport back to Liscor? I have friends.”
“Maybe. But I want a Thief’s Oath she doesn’t tell anyone.”
“You’re the one who saved her. Come on, Vetn. We’re heroes! Explain to me about the tribes. Mrsha, can you walk?”
She proudly strode along after them, and lifted up a message for them to read.
I can, thank you! Can you take me to Liscor? Or my mother? Wer the Gnoll who saved me wanted to take me to Salazsar, but I just don’t want to be caught! And killed.
Vetn rubbed at his fur, muttering.
“Where’s your mother? Oteslia? Maybe? Oteslia, Salazsar, and Liscor. They’re all far away. Although Oteslia and Salazsar are closer…ish. I’m not heading through the Bloodfields. Let’s think on it once we get somewhere safe.”
“It’s just horrendous. No one told me white Gnolls were killed on sight! Do they think white-scaled Drakes are evil, too? I should raise awareness. But how would I convey that? There aren’t any walls in the tribes!”
Sellme was already thinking of a way to combat this new injustice. The Thief of Clouds was more concerned with the immediate. He made them stop, and went racing across the grasslands, up a hill, and back, so fast that even Wanderer would have been stunned.
So fast!
Mrsha admiringly pointed to him. Tesy gave her the smile of someone who was uniquely proud on behalf of someone else. He swept his neck spines back with one claw and fiddled with his paintbrush and his own artbook.
“He is, isn’t he? He can outrun Couriers, and he’s stolen Relic-class artifacts. Mind you, he spends it like water. Not much on himself, either! He and I sort of met when I was painting and he was running from the Watch. He’s one of the few good people in Izril, you know. Someone who sees the corruption in the cities.”
