8.42
Page 40
“I distinctly recall Gnolls who were [Mages]. Now though…Kerash, I will overlay your sight. Inspect the Gnolls passing by.”
The undead Draug had been patiently listening to the discussion as he pretended to eat food, socialize, and whatnot. Now he obediently turned his head. Az’kerash and Belavierr peered through his eyes.
“Odd.”
That was what the Stitch Witch said at last. Az’kerash murmured.
“…That is odd. Perhaps there is some credence. What could have caused it, though? No—wait! I see some arcane magic. There. Kerash, that Gnoll.”
The impressive Gnoll warrior’s head turned. Az’kerash relaxed.
“You see? There are Gnolls with innate magical power. At least one. The others…I didn’t even sense a mana well. Did you?”
The Spider made no answer. She had produced a thread and was slowly knitting it into a shape. Her eyes were suddenly…interested. Not just wrathful.
“A strange Meeting of Tribes. I remember when they were only every hundred years. Why so soon together?”
“Were they grand affairs?”
Archmage Chandler asked, his interest piqued as a student of history. Belavierr considered the question.
“Monarchs came to beg favors. I went to trade. I saved my best works for that time. Yes. Yes, they were.”
Kerash approached the Gnoll they had identified as the two talked. Even moving casually, it wasn’t hard; she was stumbling around, eyes vacant. Az’kerash frowned…he sensed something, but he went on, like a professor to his students. He couldn’t help but explain.
“There, you see? She lacks for a distinct mana pool…but she too has an arcane reservoir. In her muscles, of all things. Physical magic. Have you ever seen it?”
“Mmm. I don’t recall.”
Belavierr stared blankly at Grimalkin’s apprentice. Az’kerash nodded.
“It is an esoteric school. But this Gnoll has converted her muscles into a distinct, separate mana environment, you see? Even lacking a mana pool…they all lack one. But she can clearly cast magic. See? [Mage]. Level 8.”
“Interesting.”
Belavierr peered at the Gnoll. Az’kerash was about to tell Kerash to continue looking around, object lesson done, but the Stitch Witch’s eyes were glittering.
“She is enchanted.”
The Necromancer’s head turned. He had missed it—only vaguely sensed it. Belavierr could somehow see it, even through his spells. But a [Necromancer] had to…
“[True Sight]. [Eye of Revelations].”
Kerash’s sight changed. The two undead saw what Belavierr had already sensed. Az’kerash frowned.
“Hexes. This…this is interesting.”
“I sense a pattern here.”
Belavierr smiled. Az’kerash nodded slowly. He began to decipher the spells. Not arcane magic, his purview, that of [Mages], but he could see what they did. Mind, confidence…someone fairly high-level had cast them on her. He glanced at Belavierr as Ferkr stumbled along, fur ragged, eyes blank.
Then he heard the second great gift of the Meeting of Tribes and his eyes opened wide. Interesting? He decided exciting was more appropriate.
“…Is that a spellbook of the Rihal era? A teaching spellbook in first-class condition? I think it is. A genuine Tome of the Rihal Imperium. It has to be three hundred years old! The market worth alone must have been—how did they find…?”
Belavierr glanced at Az’kerash. She was trying to pull the first thread of a very interesting web out, untangle it. She was distracted by the Necromancer as he suddenly sat forwards with a collector’s avid fascination and edged away so she could concentrate.
[Mages].
 
——
 
