8.42
Page 28
Such an emphasis on safe. Mrsha tilted her head. And that was because she didn’t know Drake cities that well. Liscor? A bit. But that wasn’t…
She attended a little lecture with the City Gnoll, whose name was Ikla, the older Drake, and to her surprise, Tesy. He kept glancing at Vetn, who was at home here. In fact, he’d dumped a pile of gold onto the table! Mrsha’s eyes opened wide, and some of the ‘new’ members were astonished as well.
“Leave the Architects be. That’s what we call them, Ikla. Architects. If you’re actually set on running this place, you’re not ‘Guests’ or ‘Citizens’ like us. That’s a way to say it without…saying it, if we’re talking in the open. Architects are few and far between. They come and go, from city to city.”
“Then there are places like this in every city?”
Ikla murmured, astonished. The bartender grinned.
“Hardly. You think this just pops up? It takes an Architect to make something like this, and Sentries to keep it hidden.”
There he nodded at the Drake by the door, who was chatting, at ease, but watchful. Architects and Sentries. The last group was Masons. Mrsha was pointed towards a third acting member of this…organization.
A young Drake, who’d been strutting around on stage, before she gave way to Qwera. She’d come down—and she was only Vetn and Tesy’s age—to talk to a worried Drake clearly in need of help.
“If it’s not money? I can do it. Give me a day to prepare, and I’ll head out.”
“And you can help? They’re on to me, I swear.”
“Not a problem. But we are going to have to practice how to look like a couple on the way over. Don’t worry. We just need a convincing kiss. The age difference works out. I’m your secret mistress.”
“I’m not married.”
“Secret lover?”
The [Bartender] nodded at the Mason as she reassured the Drake.
“She’ll pose as his cover. Poor fellow’s from another city. Someone’s onto his tail—the Watch or someone. She’ll convince them there’s nothing wrong.”
“So that’s a Mason? Why do they call them that?”
The two Drakes explaining laughed.
“Think about it like a wall. There’s always an Architect to build and organize. You have Masons to keep it maintained—or keep someone’s cover from being blown. And Sentries to keep everyone safe.”
“These are all terms for walls. Drake cities.”
Tesy murmured. He was uncharacteristically quiet. The Drake at the bar served someone a drink on request, and eyed him thoughtfully.
“Yes. Of course it is. The first bars started in the Walled Cities. New, are you? Vetn’s been here more than once, but you…I don’t know you.”
Sellme twitched his tail. Mrsha had expected him to be part of this place, talking about the injustices of the Watch, but he seemed as out of his depth as the new City Gnoll.
“I’ve…been here a few times. But I’ve never heard of a bar in a Walled City. Vetn travels to them, but he doesn’t talk about that.”
“Of course not. That’s where they started. These days? No one with half a brain tries to set up a bar there. It’s a world apart. The Watch is too good, and Walled Cities…no, you can’t just go in and out. I’m told there are places there, but it’s a nightmare. If here’s got a bit of danger, a bar over there is like dancing naked in front of Crelers. In Rhir.”
Mrsha and the inductees nodded. The two tutors conferred. What else was there to say?
“Just enjoy yourselves. Citizens get to relax. However, if you have a problem, come talk to us. Sentries or Masons will sort it out. If it’s a huge problem? An Architect will resolve it.”
“Are there…there’s dancing. Is the Golden Gnoll going to perform?”
The [Bartender] laughed.
