8.42
Page 42
“And I do not mean to interrupt, Shaman Theikha, but to prevent misunderstandings—I have often heard the claim Gnolls can learn magic. Certainly, we sent an apprentice forty years back to learn magic and Wistram insulted them. But I have never once seen a Gnoll who truly cast magic as [Mages] do. Only those who mistook a [Shaman]’s magic for a [Mage]’s, or who lied.”
Krshia saw the Chieftains nodding, even Weatherfur’s. But Feshi was watching her, and Werri, who had come alight with interest. Firrelle, Eska, even Orelighn, all were looking confused; none had known this was Silverfang’s gift. Dismayed? Krshia knew they were wrong.
“Great Shaman Ulcre. I appreciate your knowledge, but my sister has seen Gnolls who cast magic. Even learned from this very book.”
It was Akrisa who spoke next. Krshia glanced gratefully at her sister. Ulcre dipped his head. Krshia nodded.
“I have, Chieftains. I say to you—it might be difficult, but I saw with my very eyes, a child who did not know our failing pick up a wand and began to cast spells.”
“Ah.”
Ulcre nodded. Understandingly. Even expectantly. Xherw leaned forwards, calmly. Waiting.
“Will you have them perform magic before us, then, Krshia Silverfang?”
The Gnoll woman hesitated.
“She is not here, Shaman. I had sent for her, but…”
Her eyes slid sideways to Akrisa. They should have led with Mrsha. But Krshia had been prepared. She straightened her back.
“…But there is another! I did not send for her because I knew that there was also a Ferkr, apprentice to Magus Grimalkin of Pallass! She cast magic and—”
Now the laughter came from a few spots. Chuckles—but only a few. Most Gnolls shook their heads, wincing. Krshia stuttered and Ulcre gave her a sympathetic look. Xherw as well, genuinely sympathetic.
Because she didn’t know.
“Honored Krshia. This ‘Ferkr’ you speak of? Was she the one who admitted she was a fraud in front of the others at the beginning of the Meeting of Tribes?”
“She did, but she was…”
Lying? Krshia Silverfang’s tongue went still. Ferkr, Mrsha, both mattered, but she had never wanted to rely on either. The proof was right in front of her. And the [Shaman] knew it too.
Ulcre looked at her, and at the book.
“Can anyone cast magic? Can you? Once again, as we have in times past, let us bring forward the question of magic before the Chieftains of Izril. I am willing to let anyone cast magic from this spellbook, which I have no doubt is a relic of old. But…”
He looked around and there was silence. Desperately, Krshia opened the spellbook. The magic swam in front of her eyes, but she had never quite managed a spell. And even as Cetrule came down the steps, he stared at the words, put his paw on the page and…and…shook his head.
“I cannot do it. I have no power here, Krshia.”
Akrisa’s head turned, as her skin blanched under her fur. Krshia desperately looked around. Some Chieftains just didn’t look at her, politely, to avoid compounding the moment. She searched for words in her dry mouth as Xherw stood.
“Let us hear whatever Silverfang has to say. Magic aside, they have brought a Relic to us, and we shall not take that lightly. Honored Krshia, Chieftain Akrisa, proceed.”
They tried, or rather, Akrisa did, but it had all gone wrong. All…according to someone’s plan. Deeply laid. Krshia Silverfang felt the world imploding around her.
Until the shouting. The argument at the entrance to the Meeting of Chieftains. Shaman Theikha’s head rose and Chieftain Reizet bounded to her feet. Yet she did not throw out the intruder. She looked down, eyes alight. Then shouted down.
