8.42
Page 2
Sure enough, the Grand Strategist, sometimes a companion at Tails and Scales, which Grimalkin was happy to hear had reopened, didn’t move. His one eye was sapphire today.
Magical clairvoyance? Paranoid about watchers? Wistram having Eldavin would invite that. Can he bypass even our detections, our protocols with [Message] spells? Grimalkin would ponder it en-route. He reached for a notepad, but checked the motion.
“Excuse me, Grand Strategist.”
“Sit down, Magus Grimalkin. We must discuss your journey.”
Grimalkin strode past Chaldion, towards the door.
“I’m sure you would like to. I, however, do not intend to be swayed. Therefore—”
“Magus Grimalkin, there is something we must discuss. Halt.”
This time, the order had the force of a Skill and the aura of command behind it. Grimalkin’s hand rested on the doorknob. He hated aura Skills. He’d been bested by them against Magnolia Reinhart.
However, Chaldion was one Drake, not three, and auras were not the purview of [Strategists] by and large. Grimalkin swung the door open. Then stopped.
“Magic-Captain Grimalkin Duveig. This is an order of the Grand Strategist of Pallass. Sit down.”
Grimalkin of Pallass turned. He looked back. Then he glanced ahead.
The thing about [Strategists] you could like or dislike was this: the good ones never took chances or fights they couldn’t win if they didn’t have to. General Duln stood, arms folded, politely taking his leisure with 1st Army’s personal guard.
Grimalkin saw the Dullahan nod at him. Slowly, he closed the door. He walked back to Chaldion, who had found his living room. He sat down.
Ah. Something unexpected. Grimalkin sat there, perched, looking at Chaldion and not hiding his annoyance. Not for long. Chaldion’s first words had him out of his seat and walking.
“You do not take hints well when you put your mind to it, Sinew Magus. I had hoped you would be more sensible.”
Grimalkin walked back and forth. He tried to keep his tail from lashing.
“Sensible. My apprentice, as you well know, has been coerced into lying about her class and levels. My reputation is at stake. There is a conspiracy, Grand Strategist. This could implicate a much larger event in the Meeting of Tribes. Strategically, personally, there is every reason to go—”
“Magus Grimalkin. You are not debating with me. I said, sit down. I am not speaking to you as anything but the Grand Strategist of Pallass. Do you understand?”
Grimalkin turned. Chaldion fixed him with one mortal eye, one glowing one.
“Sit down. Do not speak.”
Again, the giant Drake sat. Something…his eyes flickered to Chaldion’s face, to the door. The old Drake sighed. He felt at his own bag of holding, realized he lacked it, and coughed.
“Water.”
Grimalkin got up, pointed, and summoned a pitcher of purified water. He poured it, silently. Chaldion took a gulp.
“I am well aware of your apprentice and your personal…enthusiasm for your kind of magic, Magus Grimalkin. You taking Ferkr as an apprentice was one thing. Sending her to the Meeting of Tribes, another. Do you recall that I strongly hinted to you not to do this?”
Grimalkin vaguely recalled, but he had ignored it, along with some of Chaldion’s suggestions.
“You did not order me.”
“No, because ordering someone presents a narrative. Now, be quiet. You have stubbornly refused every opportunity. Leading our own search for these Earth-children. Searching for the Stitch Witch. Expanding your school to become an actual academy—and there is motivation at this time, the very thing you want! You are stubborn, intelligent, and loyal to Pallass. Everything this city needs.”
