8.42
Page 34
Chieftain Reizet, of Az’muzarre. She had returned to her tribe, and stood. Krshia saw Akrisa freeze as Az’muzarre’s Chieftain barked.
“I do not stand for my tribe alone, but for all tribes! I say—I ask that we bring forth our ancient foe, the Raskghar, and deal with them first of all!”
Voices rose in surprise, murmurs of agreement—silenced as Theikha, frowning, looked at Chieftain Reizet.
“One Chieftain speaks. It is a matter of Az’muzarre, Chieftain Reizet, to claim Raskghar as the first issue of note. All tribes care about all issues. Who else wishes to speak?”
A moment of silence. Akrisa rose.
“I am Chieftain Akrisa of the Silverfang Tribe. I ask to bring forth a decision regarding our gift, which I find worthy to put forth before even the Raskghar. As well as a discussion on the traditions of our tribes.”
Hers was far more of an enigmatic statement, but it raised even more of a murmur. She thought her gift was more important than the Raskghar? Some Gnolls laughed, but others looked at Krshia and she heard a murmur.
“Liscor.”
From whence the Raskghar had come. Even Reizet frowned at Akrisa. Krshia was vibrating so hard she thought she was shaking her seat, but she saw the Wild Wastes Chieftain, Gaarh Marsh, Weatherfur’s Chieftain—and Feshi—all looking their way.
“Two tribes wish to speak. Then let each Chieftain vote—”
Theikha began, but a third candidate rose. And this one neither Krshia nor Reizet expected.
“I am from a new tribe. Forgiveness, Shaman Theikha, I did not know how this gathering worked. I am Chieftain Werri of the Woven Bladegrass Tribe, and I bring forth a discussion fit to change all tribes. I bring to you our gift, and an offering to be decided on.”
Chieftain Werri rose, the young Gnoll and her tribe who had made war on the Drakes poised, grinning widely. Krshia saw Xherw frown, and the tribes looked at this third challenger.
Three. No one else rose. It was incredible; even the great tribes didn’t think anything was more important than Raskghar. So why these two?
“Very well. Three tribes ask to be heard first. We shall vote. Who stands for the Az’muzarre tribe’s request?”
Theikha didn’t waste time. Now Krshia’s fur prickled. They could, of course, always be heard after the Raskghar, but Mrsha was in danger and each deliberation could take ages or a short time depending on how long they argued. There was protocol for that.
But now—she watched as Chieftains got to their feet, rose, or, sometimes, looked around and sat down. Because this was factional, to some degree. Who voted meant other tribes might agree—or disagree if they had issues with the tribes supporting.
Plain’s Eye’s Xherw rose with great dignity, the force of his presence in the air. Instantly, other tribes rose with him. Decles, traditionalists, Az’muzarre, of course…
Not Iraz. Xherw turned his head, visibly surprised, and then looked around.
Gaarh Marsh was seated. Wild Wastes, Weatherfur…Krshia’s heart leapt in her chest. Deskoit Travellers were completely caught off-guard. They and their allies had risen, but not even a fifth of the tribes here had supported talking about the Raskghar!
Some Chieftains had risen, taken a look at Iraz, who was pointedly staring at Akrisa, and sat back down. Even Theikha seemed surprised.
“Then, who will rise for Silverfang? And their gift?”
Iraz stood, as well as Ekhtouch, Greenpaw, Longstalker’s Fang, Akrisa herself…over a hundred different Chieftains rose to their feet in a moment. Curiosity, knowledge of Silverfang’s relationship with the Raskghar, following the great tribes like Iraz and Ekhtouch—
