8.42
Page 8
“Then help me on a heist.”
“Only if you uh…okay. That’s actually fine. Where are we headed?”
“Just some Drake city. I thought Ustel…”
“Not Ustel. How about Lellwickee? Since Marwsh is up in flames, I can talk to some of my friends.”
“Oh, great. Your [Anarchist] buddies? Let’s not.”
“Come on, Vetn! Maybe they can help us get Mrsha back to Liscor? They’re loyal to the cause, fearless, and good people.”
“No they’re not.”
The two argued with old familiarity. Not like an old couple, though. Old couples were still couples and stayed together despite pet peeves. Vetn and Tesy clearly had differences, even though they were friends.
It was like Klbkch and Relc, to Mrsha’s eyes, but with an added layer of complications she couldn’t parse.
Anyways, they got into Lellwickee with no real issue. For several reasons: firstly, Mrsha was not a lone Gnoll kidnapped by someone of Wer’s vague description. Tesy did the talking and the gate guards didn’t even look twice at the blonde Gnoll girl. Or the Grade-1 passport both she and Vetn carried.
That was all Tesy. He’d also given himself rosy red scales, a very flattering look, all with the power of paint. Mrsha had been worried it would be annoying, but like Wer’s dye, Tesy had too many Skills.
“I’m going to lie down. I’m tired. Where are we staying?”
“The Outrageous Hairpin. That’s our meeting place. Just don’t steal anything while I’m gone. Are you going to meet with…your friends?”
“Just don’t paint anything while I’m asleep. And I don’t know. I’d have to see if they’re in this city.”
Curious. Curious. Mrsha turned from Tesy to Vetn, but neither elaborated. They were tired from being on the road, so once they got to the inn, Tesy greeted a gang of young Drakes and Gnolls with delight and Vetn grumbled before heading upstairs. He rented three whole rooms; he might be upset about the cost, but there was no way he was sharing a bed.
It was a mark of the two’s age that they did the thing neither Wer nor any of Mrsha’s travelling companions had done. They completely forgot to ‘mind’ Mrsha. Neither asked if she brushed her teeth, or had a bath, or if she was hungry.
That suited Mrsha just fine. She jumped on her bed a bit, then wandered downstairs.
“Something to eat? Of course. Say, Tesy, this isn’t that missing Gnoll, is she? She writes and everything!”
Tesy jumped as a friendly Gnoll [Barmaid] shouted. Mrsha was worried, but Tesy turned and gave her an easy laugh.
“Her? She’s just a cousin of Vetn’s. Her throat’s all sore. Anyways, look at her fur!”
So Mrsha got a piping hot bowl of very lovely noodles with a meaty sauce and listened in as Tesy introduced her to his friends. This was an inn of allies. Or at least, the [Barmaid] was ‘one of them’.
Who ‘they’ were, and what an ally was, was apparently anyone who believed the Drake cities were rife with corruption. Who saw that Gnolls were discriminated against! Who believed in exposing it.
[Rebels]. [Anarchists]. [Dissidents]. It was a second, hidden class. Sometimes they organized; their best knew Tesy as his real identity and went with him to help overturn cities. Others just gave shelter, information, a bit of coin if they could.
It was amazing to Mrsha because she had never heard of this movement! But Sellme had never gone to Liscor; it was literally off his radar. He was concerned with the Drake Izril, and Liscor was the back end of nowhere, being so far north.
That made Mrsha a bit indignant, but the [Anarchists] were friendly. They ruffled her fur, gave her some of their food, and played cards and drank.
