8.42
Page 15
From their tents came the Chieftain of Ekhtouch, Firrelle, and another escort. Four tribes met, coordinating their purpose and arrival.
Garsine and Chieftain Terrough noticed the way the four gathered. All Terrough did was nod, though, eyes keen, appraising.
“We would be honored to walk with you.”
Akrisa bowed her head to both, and so they did. Five tribes, each bearing a gift, great or small, towards the Meeting of Tribes.
Towards the huge tent that had been prepared for this enclave. Only the Chieftains, [Shamans], and Honored Gnolls would be let in. Three Gnolls per tribe at most. Even then, it would be a sea of them, because every tribe present had sent their Chieftain and a gift.
This was the day the Meeting of Chieftains began, and the great deliberations of Gnollkind began. Krshia’s blood was humming in her veins.
At last. At last. Gnolls stared at her, trying to sniff or see or guess what they carried. She kept her head high, noticing some tribes kept their gifts plain to see.
There was strategy in both. Some tribes plainly didn’t have a great gift, so had tried to curry favor in other ways, or simply resigned themselves to a poorer showing. Some tried to camouflage this by hiding their gifts.
Others considered a show of it. Like Demas Metal, who had weapons and armor and ingots of their new Demas-alloy borne proudly behind their young Chieftain, an armory’s worth.
Some tribes had enough for all. Others had one thing; a single magical blade, acquired at great cost from Hendall Fur’s group. Enough to arm a chosen Gnoll, perhaps. Some had already given their gifts and so made shows or reminded people of it, like the [Hunter]’s tribe of Yth Rethang, who had provided a lot of the food that fed every Gnoll for free for the last two months; they had a procession of food on display, cured meats or preserved foodstuffs.
Time. Krshia walked slowly, praying she didn’t trip. She didn’t know if they’d present their gift right away. This was the first Meeting of Chieftains she had ever been privy to, and Akrisa herself had taken the mantle before the last Meeting of Tribes. She knew from second-hand knowledge that the most powerful tribes spoke first, and the gifts would be shown with each Tribe’s pleas or suggestions over the coming days and maybe even weeks. It would be discussion. Great deeds.
She had to succeed. Success for Silverfangs, decisions on Earth—and Mrsha. Krshia’s heart pricked with worry, but if there were any way to curtail the hunt…she would have talked to each Chieftain individually, had this not been in the works. They had to present their case first. So she walked, carrying the great tome of magic. As the Chieftains gathered.
Krshia told herself she had little to fear. There would be disagreements, arguments, but they were all Gnolls. She brought them tidings of magic, a view that challenged tradition on white Gnolls. Yet they were Gnolls. She had no enemies here.
 
——
 
The Meeting of Tribes’ procession of Chieftains was all about reputation. The weight of fame. From Garsine to Lehra, the most famous Gnolls in the world were there. So they did not show off in the sense of engineering a spectacle. They had the kind of ponderous weight of authority. We do not need to remind people who we are.
Confidence. A commendable amount of self-assurance and even its own kind of panache, as such subtlety worked well in some cases.
Yet oh dear, was it dull. Not all Gnolls went to the Meeting of Tribes, once every twenty years yadda yadda, whatever. Not all Gnolls cared.
