8.42
Page 44
Ferkr had never hesitated. Outside the Meeting of Chieftains, Kerash was reclaiming his blade. He’d backed Ferkr up, but she’d won Az’muzarre’s respect. She might not have their weapons of power, or levels. But she did have a right hook backed up by the Sinew Magus’ muscle-training.
Ferkr had won her audience. Now, she stared at the Tome of Rihal. Belavierr could hear her, though Az’kerash could not. For she could see and pluck threads unseen, following the skein.
“I was told by my master about teaching spellbooks like these. All I have to do is channel some magic into one of the pages and the spell should activate for me, to practice.”
Krshia nearly ate her tongue. No one had provided an instruction manual! Not to Ryoka or Mrsha! Belavierr fumbled with the needle she held. No, something was off.
“I would like to know why Plain’s Eye interrogated this young Gnoll! Chieftain Xherw, will you respond to that, first?”
Chieftain Perale’s sharp voice. Yes, a good thread to pull, but Belavierr saw how it wouldn’t go anywhere, even before Xherw spoke.
“I regret to say, Chieftain Perale, I honestly have no knowledge of which Gnolls seized Ferkr of Pallass. My tribe will investigate this matter—no, I invite other Gnolls to do so. We will make amends, this I promise, but Plain’s Eye has been used to charlatan’s claims before.”
He honestly didn’t know about Ferkr in particular. A false thread that looked like it went to the right place. The argument Belavierr tuned out. Az’kerash was trying to get more information as well, but she was probing the true tangle. Why did that Chieftain sound calm? Something…
“This will be investigated. Yet, Apprentice Ferkr. Can you not cast magic to show us a spell, tome or not?”
A pause. Belavierr’s eyes glanced sideways at Az’kerash. He had seen part of the thread.
“…I can’t. I’ve been feeling as though my magic’s disappeared. I can cast [Light], but not [Fireball]. Something’s wrong.”
“Even [Shamans] can cast that spell.”
“Yes, Chieftain. But if I put magic through this spell tome…anyone can do it. Even a [Shaman] can learn [Mage]’s spells, my teacher always said. Magic is magic. Converting it across disciplines is the challenge.”
The spellbook. Such a valuable, worthless thing. But its thread was laced by a familiar wind-blown thread. Ice. Ice and fire. Belavierr’s eyes narrowed.
It was all connected. Now, she sensed the [Shaman], Cetrule, approach Ferkr, who had placed a hand on the spellbook.
“If it is magic you need, I channel Silverfang’s magic through me. I will give you some…”
He placed his paw on her shoulder. Ferkr had the spellbook open to a single spell. It should have been so easy. But as she pushed with both magics, it entered the spellbook…circulated through her body…
And nothing happened.
“There, you see? Gnolls cannot perform magic.”
“Yet. She has the class. Will you call this Sinew Magus a liar?”
“Perhaps it is simply a sign she cannot ever exceed her level. Level 8?”
Ferkr stood with Krshia, who had joined Cetrule, trying to call on the communal magic of Silverfang, give her the power to cast the magic suddenly lost to her. Belavierr’s head tilted this way and that. She didn’t have all the pieces.
But they were there.
 
——
 
Krshia, through the roaring in her ears of her blood pounding, looked up. Plain’s Eye’s [Shaman] watched her, seemingly genuinely encouraging. Not worried. One of many.
“How long do we have to wait?”
