8.42
Page 45
Decles’ Chieftain was impatient, but it was Xherw who gave him a glance that silenced him. However, after nearly five minutes, the other Chieftains were shaking their heads. Once again, it was proof. Cetrule was sweating.
“It’s like a block. I can’t change my magic. I’m sorry, Ferkr.”
“But—it was like this for me, until I was through the first months of Magus Grimalkin’s program. He said I was the slowest student he’d had, but not because of my mind or effort. It was…”
Ferkr was sweating too. She couldn’t make the magic…come out! She didn’t know what was wrong.
Az’kerash had observed that her magic lay in her muscle. An esoteric type of magic practice. Like a Gnoll’s white fur. External storage from what was natural.
It was [Shaman] Theikha who interrupted. She was looking at Cetrule. At Ferkr. Now, her head rose and she looked at the Chieftain of Gaarh Marsh.
“By your will, Chieftains, my Chieftain. I ask to intercede. If Silverfang’s magic is not enough, one apprentice…I believe there is something to this claim. If there is [Mage]’s magic among us, Gaarh Marsh’s power will uncover it. By the will of tribes.”
“Let it be done.”
Gaarh Marsh’s Chieftain was on her feet. Now, two Gnolls stirred slightly. The Chieftains sat forwards as one of the greatest Gnoll [Shamans] living approached Ferkr. Cetrule backed away, but she gestured for him to join her. Both [Shamans] placed their paws on Ferkr’s shoulders.
In the Meeting of Tribes, every Gaarh Marsh Gnoll stopped for a second, as something tugged on them. They turned, lending their energies towards one cause. Krshia felt the air suddenly change, and her own fur stood up on end.
Nevertheless…
Nothing happened. No spell was cast, but Theikha was frowning.
“Something strange is happening. You are right, young Ferkr.”
Nothing was happening. But that did not mean nothing was there to see.
 
——
 
“…What is that?”
Archmage Chandler walked through Kerash’s body. As one, servant and master turned. They looked at the power gathering across the skies, into a single locus. Any fool could see that a [Shaman] was casting magic of great power. Or…trying to.
Shamanic magic. He didn’t even sense the weak arcane magic’s glow next to that burning sun. Yet—it wasn’t moving, not unleashed. It was strange. Was someone preparing to use it? But if so—it would be flowing out in some way.
It was like a cork in a bottle. But why that analogy? Then the [Archmage of Death] saw it. He was the greatest [Mage] of his era. And he saw it. The Stitch Witch, in the castle, looked at him.
“What do you see, Necromancer?”
Kerash and Az’kerash’s lips moved as one.
“Something. A counterforce. But it is…why there? What have they done? Zelkyr. Did you know about this?”
He walked forwards, in a dream. Finding pieces to connect.
All things faded. The Gnolls called this era the Waning World. Great magics of old had begun to end, like the Gnoll [Archmages], a distant memory. The Walled Cities’ power, like the Gnolls, had reduced.
There. There…the Gnoll came to a stop in the middle of the Meeting of Tribes. Almost directly down.
 
——
 
Inside the tent with the Chieftains, [Shaman] Theikha’s teeth were grinding.
“Shaman, do not hurt yourself.”
“There is something there. But what? I do not know. I call upon Gaarh Marsh’s wisdom! Let there be truth, one way or another! Let the will of Izril decide! Khoteizetrough! Khoteizetrough!”
