8.42
Page 3
He coughed, despite drinking from the water. Grimalkin said nothing. Chaldion glared at him as his claw tightened on the cup of water. He was not noticeably worse than some times in his life, when Grimalkin truly thought it was Chaldion’s last year. He was old, though. Grimalkin suspected…
“You are not going to the Meeting of Tribes. You will disavow your apprentice. You will not inquire into the matter further.”
The Sinew Magus stirred.
“I refuse, Grand Strategist.”
“This is not up for debate. This is an order. An order, Sinew Magus, from your commanding officer.”
“I—”
“This is an order, from the top member of Pallass’ military. Do you understand?”
Chaldion snapped. Grimalkin’s posture straightened further, if possible.
“Yes, sir.”
In silence, Chaldion drank, coughed a last time, and spoke.
“I am going to inform you as to why. You may object. You may think what you wish. This is because I know you will ferret around if I don’t tell you something. You will never tell another soul.”
Grimalkin’s stony silence said volumes. Now, his mind was working into overdrive. But it kept running into a problem. He could leave the city, the Eyes of Pallass or not—the spy force they kept, like every Walled City. He could disobey.
They’d strip him of his rank. This was a military order with no less than the Grand Strategist behind it. Grimalkin could be found in violation of military law. He…listened, with such intensity that his muscles trembled.
“I took over this position from the last Grand Strategist of Pallass. There is information even the [Generals] of Pallass, let alone the Assembly of Crafts, have no idea about. You are privy to the security meetings. To a degree of information about the Antinium, our enemies, plans, that few people in this city have. You do not know a tenth of what I do. Old plans. All of which, foolish, successful, revealed or not, are to keep this city, our continent, safe.”
No response. Grimalkin’s eyes narrowed fractionally. Chaldion tapped his cane on the ground.
“Pallass makes many plans. I keep some running. I put others into motion. I have to live…live long enough to sort out this business with another world. And the Antinium. And make sure some plans do not come back to bite our tail. That is why you are not leaving for the Meeting of Tribes. That would be…a complication. And our allies will not suffer your presence. Do you understand?”
Grimalkin’s eyes flickered. Oh, he did. Pieces of a puzzle he’d worked on for nigh fourteen years now, suspicions, contradictions in a popular narrative, fit together in that one moment of perfect clarity.
Rather than a glorious insight, however—he stood.
“Chaldion. If what you are saying is absolutely true—”
“Don’t grandstand with me, Grimalkin! Sit back down!”
The Grand Strategist snapped. He waited until the Drake was sitting, shaking with emotion. Chaldion glared. Then he sighed.
“Plans made. Plans executed before I was Grand Strategist. You will not jeopardize them. Open your school, Sinew Magus. I will have someone issue a statement if you don’t care to. Good day to you.”
He stood up. Grimalkin did too.
“What about Ferkr?”
“She will come back to Pallass. I will make some kind of provision for her. To set up a new life, or simply be forgotten. It was a small incident.”
“She worked for two years. She sweat blood and tears—her reputation if I make a statement, her future—”
