8.42
Page 31
Sellme. Mrsha’s eyes were wide. The [Magical Painter] worked so fast. Not perfectly. If you looked closely, you could see imperfection. But only if you looked. He painted two more people, listening to their whispers, as people walked onto the dance floor.
“Ah.”
Ysara herself rose and walked forwards, like she was dreaming. To show them the dances she remembered. Not for her enjoyment, but to complete the scene. Qwera hesitated, half-rising herself, all plans forgotten for a moment. Then her eyes followed two figures.
Vetn and Tesy. The Thief of Clouds had been propositioned and he was swinging a partner around in a dance on the illusory floor, laughing with delight. The tune was picking up; no somber, boring waltz, this. Almost everyone was dancing and Mrsha felt like doing some herself.
Then she saw Vetn turn, and the panting [Magical Painter] looked up. Vetn strode over, paw outstretched, beaming with pride and admiration. He offered a hand to Sellme.
The Drake froze. Tesy stared at Vetn, and the Thief of Clouds hesitated. It was something only Qwera and Mrsha saw, amid the great cheer. After all—it was only three seconds. Then Vetn stepped back, was seized by another partner, and Tesy sat, fiddling with his brush.
Oh. So that’s how it is.
Qwera looked down at Mrsha. She nodded, sadly.
“That’s how it is.”
Even so, she rose, and carried Tesy herself into a dance, and applause from the rest for his work. Sellme did smile, then. A tentative…ally.
Mrsha took Ysara’s hand and they did a simple waltz to show the others how it was done in Terandria and Izril’s Human courts. She looked around the grand ballroom, the bar that existed across Izril that she had never known about. She smiled, for a while, until the paint began to flake away.
Then to reality she returned. But she never forgot.
Nor did Qwera. She approached Tesy as he helped remove paint, told the tearful Drakes and Gnolls he couldn’t make it permanent. That he was sorry. Qwera turned to Vetn, as Ysara waited.
“We have a plan to escape this net of hunters, Vetn.”
“A teleport scroll? They can track it.”
“I am sure they can.”
The Golden Gnoll replied. She swung her eyes to Ysara. Then she calmly, carefully, picked up Mrsha, and handed her to Ysara. The little Gnoll wiggled, but only a little bit.
“I have now enslaved and captured this Gnoll girl. I will sell her to you for two coppers, Ysara.”
“Hm. I’m not in the business of taking [Slaves], but I’ll make an exception if you take the rest of my products, Qwera. Dead gods, this is going to be a problem if I head north and they ask me about cargo in the last six months.”
“Sometimes you have to sell people.”
Qwera turned back to Vetn. The young Gnoll was blinking. Tesy looked outraged as he whirled around…then saw Mrsha waving. Mrsha the Helpless wiggled her ears at him.
“Vetn. Ysara is going to stay here for two days. I’m riding south at best speed; I’ve decided to amend my travel plans. In two days, I would like to hire the Thief of Clouds to steal something. To steal something, and to bring it to me, in secret, past all security and watchers.”
“Hm. And what would that be?”
The Thief grinned at the smart Gnoll friend. Qwera looked at Mrsha. The object of extreme value waved.
“Oh, I have an idea. I’ll pay you five thousand gold.”
The Thief of Clouds considered it. His eyes sparkled at the challenge. He looked at the object he had to steal.
“I think I can use my Skills on that. Make it fifteen thousand?”
Qwera grabbed for his ear and he ducked away. Mrsha held up a bit of parchment.
Make it twenty thousand!
