8.42
Page 35
Krshia breathed. It was happening. She turned to Akrisa, beaming—just in time for Cetrule to inhale. She looked back at the [Shaman] and saw him looking around.
If less than a fifth of the tribes had voted for Az’muzarre, a fourth of the room was now on its feet. But—and this was some advanced math here—a fifth and a fourth didn’t even equal one half of the room.
The other tribes were sitting. And the greatest tribes, even Weatherfur, had yet to move. Theikha nodded. She sensed it too.
“Very well. Not all tribes will vote, so I ask. Who will hear Woven Bladegrass and Chieftain Werri first?”
Dead silence. Then Wild Wastes, Weatherfur, Gaarh Marsh’s Chieftains all stood in unison. Werri grinned. Gnoll Chieftains rose, glancing at her tribe, some nodding, others following the biggest tribes.
Half the room rose to its feet. Krshia choked and the other Chieftains, even Iraz, even Xherw, Reizet especially, looked aghast.
A new tribe had just beaten two old ones in presenting its gift and case first. Theikha let the murmurs run for a good minute. She lifted her paw.
“It is done. Woven Bladegrass will offer its gift and proposals first. Then Silverfang. Then Az’muzarre. Those who wish to speak afterwards will ask then. Chieftain Werri. You may speak where you stand or come to the center.”
She bowed, slightly, and Chieftain Werri descended. A small Gnoll. Very short by their species’ standards. Krshia had heard…she could grow.
The Chieftain stopped, a second, and looked around that gathering of Chieftains. She was unafraid. Like Reizet, she was a warrior, and she neither flinched nor hesitated. She grinned, with young bravado, with a passion to put age to shame.
“I thank you all for hearing my words first. Some of your tribes know what I plan to ask. Others simply agree with me. My tribe, from the day it was founded, has fought the Drake cities. We do not seek peace, with these overlords of scale who think to claim our lands, to tell us what to do with their armies. Woven Bladegrass will fight on behalf of the tribes. But, I think, we will not do it alone.”
“Woven Bladegrass makes war and brings us into conflict with the Drakes. We can ill afford it. Not all tribes hunger for blood like yours.”
A Chieftain leapt to her feet and shouted at Werri. Krshia was stunned, but apparently that was completely acceptable. Now a proposal had been launched, anyone could speak. Werri just laughed.
“Not all tribes have the strength to live in peace with Drakes! Or have all you, Chieftains, always felt Drakes were happy neighbors? Or did they tolerate us, make threats, make demands, treat our people like savages? Barbarians of the plains?”
The Gnolls muttered. She struck a chord, even with Krshia, who was used to Liscor. But a laugh came from lower down in the stands.
“Some of us are savages. [Barbarians]. Let them call us what they want.”
Wild Wastes’ Chieftain was reclining. Werri grinned, and ducked her head as a few people chuckled; others were disapprovingly staring at the pipe the Chieftain was smoking.
“Perhaps so, Chieftain Perale. But I ask—have you never heard of Paworkers? Do you not know of tribes that have disappeared because a Drake city objected to them being there?”
A slow nod was her reply. A silence that spoke volumes. However, then Chieftain Iraz rose. He glanced once at Akrisa, perhaps in apology, before glaring at Werri.
“Not all tribes make war to enflame the Drake’s fury, Chieftain Werri. They are quite capable of sending armies to attack us all because of what you do. What would you say to that?”
Her eyes glittered.
