8.42
Page 38
“If the Antinium should go to war with the Drakes—we will not take arms against them. A pact of non-aggression. Either way, an enemy weakens. We take not the Antinium’s side. We take not the Drakes’. Neither has love of us. So why should we die for the other? That is what I put before you, first.”
Dead silence. Krshia’s mind spun with the implications. Xherw was on his feet. Werri waited, as even Theikha’s head turned with a look of consternation. Right before the roar of voices, even bodies surging down to argue with her in the center.
The Meeting of Chieftains had truly begun.
 
——
 
News about the first offer of the Antinium to Gnoll tribes was out and in circulation within the hour. From Grand Magus Eldavin and Wistram, to Drake cities, certain people heard the contents through various means and flipped.
Sometimes literally. But while Grand Magus Eldavin cursed again that Wistram should have taken more interest in the Meeting of Tribes, it was not to say that there weren’t representatives at that gathering.
Just not Wistram. Because Gnolls had ‘no magic’, or at least, none that included Wistram and there was a mutual grudge over some misunderstanding.
Which was an interesting thing, when you really got down to it. As for the news with the Antinium? Well, it was interesting, but it had no way of passing. Even the most radical tribes would hesitate before thinking about that kind of deal, which would make the Drakes hostile.
Whether they took the land was interesting. Still concerning, because it meant the Antinium were showing a level of radical cunning beyond what anyone had expected of them.
He only wished he could see, and have a voice in that gathering. Not for the first time, the Necromancer, Az’kerash, bane of the living and so on and so forth, regretted that Regrika Blackpaw had been exposed, right before this Meeting of Tribes when her identity had been neatly set up.
Then again, if she were revealed by the highest-level [Shamans], it might be just as concerning. It was not impossible. He had agents in the Meeting of Tribes, both direct and indirect, but he didn’t have anyone inside the tent with the Chieftains. It was inherently dangerous.
That was why Kerash posed as a travelling warrior, albeit one who had spoken with Chieftains. It was the logical move to influence events without putting him in any danger of being seen by someone who could break through the veils. Again—Az’kerash was beyond almost all living mortals, but specialists could match him in one area, especially if talents combined.
Of course that went the other way as well. He was privy to the frantic [Message] spells shooting out of the Meeting of Tribes, despite their poor attempts at concealment.
“Peace with the Antinium. I did not consider that. However, even if I thought it had the remotest chance of passing—which it does not—I am not sure which would benefit me. Her vote will, of course, fail. Even Chieftain Werri understands that. This is a sign there is a growing rift between Drakes and Gnolls once more. Perhaps an opportunity to truly sow discord here.”
He mused. Kerash, who was roaming the outside of the Meeting of Chieftains, the very outskirts lest Chieftain Ulcre or someone else look at him, listened to his master’s voice.
“Should I attempt to find the Chieftains if they leave the tent?”
Perril Chandler paused but a moment, thinking.
“No, Kerash. Continue to circle. You will attend another Chieftain you have met tonight, and discuss with them the issue then.”
“Yes, Master.”
