8.42
Page 43
“Shaman Theikha. Here comes someone to put truth to claims, or lay it to rest. Will you let someone in, by Az’muzarre? She dared to challenge even my warriors. I say—let the Gnoll come forth!”
Krshia’s head rose, as the voice cut through the roaring. Shaman Theikha nodded, interested. And down she came.
Shaman Ulcre’s polite stare away from Krshia suddenly turned. Chieftain Xherw’s sympathetic smile shifted. He looked up, as a figure came down the stairs.
Young. Well-muscled, even for warriors. Stepping, well, shaking like a leaf before a storm. Yet she did walk down, despite it all. Freed. Apprentice to the Sinew Magus of Pallass. And he did not train cowards.
Ferkr. She came to a rest, in front of Krshia, Akrisa. Her eyes lingered on the spellbook. Then she bowed to Shaman Theikha, and in a trembling voice, spoke.
“I…I am Ferkr of Pallass. Apprentice to Grimalkin the Fist! Sinew Magus of Pallass. By his bidding, my master asked me to present myself here and prove that magic can be cast by Gnolls. I was intercepted by Gnolls who convinced me I was wrong. But they were wrong. It can be done.”
She looked sideways, straight at Shaman Ulcre and Chieftain Xherw. The Plain’s Eye Gnolls looked at each other. Now, Krshia’s pulse roared in her veins.
Now.
 
——-
 
The Spider sensed it. A weave across time and space and lifetimes. She followed the thread. She did not have to hear what was going on in the Meeting of Tribes. She didn’t have to.
The arguing Gnolls, the accusations that a group of Gnolls had abducted Ferkr, convinced her to avow her claims to casting magic because it was false, messed with her mind? Oh, she smiled as she saw how it knotted and tangled the Meeting of Tribes.
But it was the wrong thread to pull. The right thread to find the true one, but not the thread. She and the Necromancer had put it into motion. He had not known, nor she, whether the Gnoll apprentice would flee or confront them if released from her magic.
It had never been a question, apparently. She stared at Az’kerash with ill-concealed curiosity.
“You released her.”
“It is a poor thing to keep [Slaves] by magic or metal. Though the hexes might have worn off.”
A pair of white pupils in dark eyes met Belavierr’s ringed ones. The Stitch Witch was…thoughtful.
“The days when you made war on Roshal are long passed, Necromancer.”
“And?”
He stood, with a surplus of emotion. As if some things had to be done. Belavierr saw him study the orb, then swing back to her.
“Do you not find it abhorrent?”
She shrugged.
“I have never cared. They praise me. They hate me. I have always done as I please.”
“Really. Then I am disappointed, Belavierr. For one of the legends I always admired about you is what you did for peoples across the ages, in cages, in chains. Yet you do not think each one should be free?”
She smiled at him, almost mocking his convictions he had remembered. But then. He was young.
“Is it poor for all, Necromancer? Is it without gain? Those who suffer rise higher from depths no one in comfort could ever sink to.”
Perril Chandler’s voice was steady.
“They should never have to climb.”
A curious voice. Rings of immortality, blinking in dissent.
“Then. How ever would they learn? Look. She has become more of herself in this moment than a year, three years could give her.”
The finger pointed and Az’kerash saw it trace the place where the young Gnoll had gone. The Archmage of Death looked at that marching back. Like the students he had ever had who made something of themselves. For all he and Belavierr disagreed on fundamentals—they agreed on this.
