8.42
Page 30
“She is. A respectable member of House Byres in the north, an upstanding armor merchant. A filthy degenerate in the south.”
The two women laughed at the joke. Then Ysara turned back to Mrsha.
“You had better explain what happened. I understand some of it—but if you’re the reason armed Gnolls are waylaying people on the roads, this is serious.”
“I know of a safe place to take her, Ysara. We have to lose the trackers on her. Even if we use a lesser teleport scroll…we have four stashed, but they’ll pick up her scent. Unless we either get her so far away there’s no chance of them tracking her, like over sea. Or…”
Mrsha’s eyes went round as Qwera laid out a brilliant, and brilliantly dangerous plan. Ysara’s brows rose ever higher.
“That’s incredibly dangerous, Qwera.”
“Which is why it will save her. I won’t have Plain’s Eye tearing down this place or putting this city into chaos. We move out tonight. But it depends on you helping us. I need someone to be a ‘client’, and someone I can trust.”
The woman sighed, but looked at Mrsha and nodded.
“Yvlon knows her too. I can hardly refuse. Alright. What’s…”
All three broke off from the planning as a great cry ensued, and the attention around the plays, plans to spirit Mrsha out of danger, and the general hum of the bar ended. For there stood Vetn, smiling wider than Mrsha had ever…
No—smiling. Which she didn’t know if she had seen since he’d rescued her. The Thief of Clouds looked proud, too. Immensely, deeply proud. Because it wasn’t himself he was proud of.
It was the Drake with the magic brush, who shyly lowered it. He backed up. Mrsha didn’t understand, for a second, as a tall female Drake gasped and looked into a mirror that Vetn held up.
It was only when she saw the same dress that she did a double-take. Yet every line of the Sentry had changed. Even her face was different. Mrsha stared at Sellme and realized.
He had painted her. The Drake stood back, and tears sprang to her eyes.
“Careful. You’ll get it wet.”
Sellme muttered, awkwardly. He was taken aback by the hug, and kiss on his cheek. Then, the Drake stepped back.
A second person begged for the [Magical Painter]’s help. This time, Mrsha watched. Even Qwera and Ysara watched.
“Is that…Sellme?”
“Yes.”
“Did you know he could…?”
Qwera half-rose. She looked to Vetn, who was hovering, then clearly invited the Drake to a dance as someone produced an actual instrument, a violin, and began to play a song different from the peppy beat from the song crystal. The Golden Gnoll looked at Tesy as he began to work, swiftly, conferring with a female Gnoll in her sixties.
“No. But Vetn did.”
This time, Mrsha heard a song suited to a ballroom. It suited the magnificent Drake dancing with the charming Thief of Clouds, holding back tears, which would spoil the moment. Someone else joined her. A handsome Gnoll, his fur gleaming like silver, dressed in an old suit that fit him as only an artist could envision it.
More people turned, and suddenly they were out of place. For a moment. For it seemed like two figures had emerged from a painting of a royal court.
For a little bit they were like characters in the wrong world of the real. Then Tesy swept across the floor, creating a pattern, then copying it. The wood turned, becoming marble tiles. He swept across the plain furniture, adding gloss and gilding. For a second, the female Drake turned. Then the Gnoll gave her a bow, awkwardly, and gestured. She laughed and took his arm and they tried to dance like they were on that ballroom floor.
