8.42
Page 41
The vote was fast and simple. It still took nearly two hours, mainly to calm down the angry Chieftains. The debate had mostly been one of hot blood, but as Theikha patiently reminded the others, they could revisit the issue of new lands given to them by the Antinium.
“Who will accept supporting non-aggression with the Antinium?”
No one stood. A few Chieftains half-rose, looked around to make sure they were seen, and sat. But not even Werri supported it. She just returned to her seat, her smile self-evident, of a job well done.
“Next, Silverfang. Please, Chieftain Akrisa, present your gift.”
It was almost a relief after the raging debate, so much so that Krshia almost forgot all of her terror and excitement. Almost. Yet Akrisa herself helped Krshia bring down the tome. The Chieftains sat forward, even Xherw, who hadn’t heard of the gift, only Iraz’s part of it.
Ulcre, though, the Shaman of the Plain’s Eye, was already frowning before the magical blanket was removed. Other [Shamans] had sensed the power there too. But as the blanket was thrown back, it came out.
A treasure from what felt like ages ago. Brought by Ryoka Griffin, to pay a debt that Krshia had thought would ruin all.
Treasure of the Grand Magus Eldavin. A great, vast volume, bound in beautiful leather, bigger than Mrsha was, so wide across two Gnolls had to carry it.
Yet light as a feather. Enchanted with so much magic that Krshia had thought you could have dragged it behind the wagon, rather than kept it in secret and security, and it would not have suffered a scratch.
A shining tome of Rihal, bearing the signet of an imperium long lost. A spellbook of magic, glowing in the light, to teach young students every basic spell ever known to their kingdom.
A magic book.
The gasps and murmurs of appreciation were but a herald to what Krshia wanted. She waited, but Akrisa was looking at her. Krshia nearly swallowed her tongue, but then gulped and spoke.
“I—I am Krshia Silverfang! Sister to Chieftain Akrisa! In the name of the Silverfang Tribe, I offer the tribes of Izril a spellbook of magic! A Tome of Rihal, from ages past, to teach every spell from Tier 1 to Tier 4 to anyone who would learn magic! I offer it that Gnolls may once again claim their glory among the [Mages] of this world.”
Dead silence. Gnolls stared down at Krshia. She saw some look up. Feshi, with eyes alight with wonder. Some were approving, like Gaarh Marsh’s [Chieftain] and Theikha herself, smiling as she glanced at the book. Krshia’s back straightened—
Then she heard a laugh. A laugh, not mocking, but more…her head turned, and she saw the Chieftain of the Decles tribe shaking his head at her.
“Honored Krshia Silverfang. Is this the gift you bring before the tribes? A magic spellbook? No—let me not make light of it. Is a relic indeed, and will fetch a vast sum if Fissival or another city, even hated Wistram, buys it. But do you claim that Gnolls should be [Mages]?”
Her heart sank. Yet Krshia’s chin rose.
“I do. I have met Gnolls who are capable of learning magic! I have heard the story of how our apprentice was mocked at Wistram, but I have met two Gnolls that—”
“Honored Krshia. Chieftain Akrisa. I do not mean to be rude.”
Shaman Ulcre rose slowly. He looked at Theikha, who was disapproving. The [Shaman] bowed.
