8.42
Page 5
By chance and luck, Vetn and Tesy had seen when Wer and Mrsha were cornered. He stole her right out of the clutches of the Doomslayers, the Plain’s Eye hunters. At first, Mrsha just shook with relief, as they hid with his Skill and saw the Gnolls fleeing Marwsh, having lost her trail.
“Vetn, Vetn, you mad Gnoll!”
Tesy squeaked as the young Gnoll collapsed, covered in sweat. He’d outrun horses, he was so fast! Mrsha saw Tesy peek up at the Gnolls—right until the [Thief] yanked his friend down by the tail.
“Don’t be stupid, Tesy! My Skill’s not perfect—those are Doomslayers!”
“Doom-what? They were about to kill this kid! In cold blood! They stabbed a [Guard]…just like that.”
The [Painter] was shaken. Vetn just gulped air.
“I thought you hated Boots.”
“Well, yes, but—that was attempted murder! And killing children? What was that? Hey, are you alright?”
Mrsha was frantically searching for her notepad and quill, but she’d dropped the notepad. She tried to sign, and saw Tesy blankly staring at her.
I am Mrsha!
“What’s she waving her arms around for? Are you okay, kid?”
Vetn raised his head. He saw Tesy looking blankly at Mrsha opening and closing her mouth and doing an ‘X’ with her arms. She hopefully made a basic sign with her paws.
“Looks like [Rogue]-talk, Tesy.”
“What’s that?”
“Hand-signs. Can you say something?”
“Apparently not. Hey! What’s that? You want this?”
Tesy blinked as Mrsha reached for his brush. He recoiled, but then handed it to her and let her draw on the grass. It was a beautiful paintbrush and felt magical to Mrsha.
 
I Mrsha. I cnnot tlk! Thnk u fr sving me.
 
She had to abbreviate because drawing on grass was hard. But Tesy and Vetn got the message. Vetn pulled out a spare roll of parchment and saved Mrsha the trouble of communicating via grass-paint and pantomimes.
“Mrsha? She is the girl who was kidnapped! That didn’t look like a rescue, though.”
“Tesy. She’s a white Gnoll. They weren’t rescuing her! I knew that Drake had no idea what she was doing.”
“Why? She’s a white Gnoll. I’m a white Drake. Until I color my scales. So what?”
Albinism didn’t mean the same thing across species, clearly. Mrsha had never seen Tesy, with his white scales with just the faintest hint of color, but it was just natural. White Gnolls on the other hand…
“It means she’s lost her tribe or was outcast. It’s a death-sentence among the tribes. Once they find you, you’re dead. They’ll attack you even if you flee continents. I grew up in the tribes, Tesy. They’re serious.”
“That’s crazy. Why?”
“They bring doom. That’s the rumor. Doombringers. One of them hangs around and Crelers attack, or a volcano erupts or a sinkhole swallows your entire tribe. Apparently it’s happened before. I don’t know. I’m not an expert. Listen, little girl. Was that your friend back there?”
He meant Wer. Mrsha nodded. Tesy inhaled.
“That Gnoll? Is he alive?”
“I don’t know. We can’t go back into the city. It’s on high-alert, see?”
Marwsh was indeed going insane with noise and activity. Their army was marching out the gates, following the Gnolls. Vetn shook his head.
“If he’s alive, I hope he’ll run. We can’t get back in. Well, I could, but what would I do? Maybe I could check—but we have to move.”
Tesy spoke with experience.
“Don’t bother. If they’ve got him, he’s safer. If not—they’ve locked down the streets. Martial law. You’ll just stand out. Let’s make tracks, Vetn. Hey, Mrsha, right? Don’t worry. You’re safe with us! This is Vetn, and I’m Tesy. I suppose we should tell her who we are, Vetn.”
“What? Why?”
The Gnoll [Thief] recoiled, but Tesy looked askance.
