8.42
Page 20
She grumbled, filling her cup. Ysara just shook her head.
“I’d watch out. Between Sellme and these ‘Gnoll attacks’, the cities are getting jumpy.”
“For everyone but the Golden Gnoll, darling. I’m just a [Merchant]. It helps being me. So, what did you want to talk about?”
“Hm. Buy out my stock so I can take a ship? All that I can’t transport without needing a wagon, at least.”
Qwera threw back her head and laughed, long and loud. Then she looked at Ysara.
“Wait, you’re serious, aren’t you? Oh, Ysara. What have you done this time? Don’t tell me someone else has captured your heart? Say if it’s so, so I can beat some sense into you.”
She raised a paw, but Ysara shook her head.
“Worse, it’s family.”
Instantly, the Golden Gnoll put a paw on Ysara’s arm, giving her a sympathetic look of understanding.
“My dear…we’ll talk numbers.”
They were, of course, friends, for a given value of friends. Not very close, but a bit more than acquaintances with a mutual respect for each other. However, business was business. And for Qwera, business was good. The Meeting of Tribes could kiss her shiny tail if she thought about it at all.
She agreed to look at Ysara’s wares and give her an answer by the next day, and retired to her rented inn, meeting with some starstruck fans, promising nothing, and making sure they left and she had her inn to herself to relax afterwards. Qwera pushed the door open to her luxury room, and stopped.
Vetn was slapping Tesy’s claws away from rummaging through Qwera’s possessions and most valuable items. A little Gnoll girl was jumping on her bed. Sellme and the Thief of Clouds took one look at the Golden Gnoll’s expression.
“Um, hi, Qwera. We were just—”
Tesy got no further before she seized him, and, holding him by both of his legs, began to shake him as he screamed, dangling out of the window, head-first over a three-story drop.
Here came trouble. Just like every time these two idiots brought it to her. She was just about to fetch a pair of clippers and make good on her threat when Vetn began to explain and she saw the telltale patch of white on the little Gnoll girl’s ears where Tesy’s paint had begun to disappear.
Then Qwera knew they were in even more trouble than usual.
 
——
 
Tesy and Vetn knew interesting people. Mrsha watched the angry Gnoll smack the younger two Drake and Gnoll for a good eight minutes. She hugged them once, then began to buffet them every time they did or said something she found stupid.
Which was a lot. Surprisingly, Tesy and Vetn just ran away or ducked or dodged. They all knew each other, the Golden Gnoll, Sellme, and the Thief of Clouds. They weren’t just friends. It was like a big sister taking two younger brothers to task.
But they clearly weren’t related. Childhood friends? Mrsha listened as Tesy spoke rapidly.
“And then they attacked a city! Like, literally sacked it, Qwery! They’re insane!”
“You mean, you, Sellme, the famous [Anarchist], are upset because some people attacked a Drake city?”
Qwera scowled at him. Tesy looked offended.
“We fight the corrupt Watch! We don’t slaughter people! They were insane!”
“Plain’s Eye. They’re completely out for blood, Qwera. You should have seen it.”
Vetn agreed. Qwera looked from one to the other, then at Mrsha.
“So you decided the best thing to do was bring this child and an armed force of high-level Gnolls to me.”
Tesy and Vetn exchanged a glance.
“We thought you could help. You’re connected, and you have guarded caravans…”
“I have [Guards]. I don’t fight armies! Dead gods. And I heard about Cellidel. You idiot.”
