8.42
Page 39
Some things were very curious. Az’kerash frowned. No—Archmage Chandler frowned, because this reminded him of his past.
“Gnolls were never the most populous species at Wistram. Did I perceive a—a decline in their number? Yes…I did. I mentioned it to Zelkyr, but only once. This narrative that Gnolls know no magic, however? Do you know what this is, Belavierr?”
He turned. Speaking of specialists beating the great legends of old…the Stitch Witch sat, her eyes locked on the representation of the world as through Kerash’s eyes on the scrying orb. She was furious.
She had come back, missing an eye, from her errand abroad, down on magic, time, and dignity. She had refused to talk about it. Now, she sat, hunched over. She did not speak to Az’kerash, but to his servant.
“There is a child there. Stare at her. Left.”
Kerash hesitated, but turned his head. He peered at a Gnoll boy, running along, laughing.
“Cers! Stop that!”
Kerash stared, but Belavierr had lost interest. She kept telling him to stare at random Gnoll children. Az’kerash did not know why, but someone had incurred her wrath. A dangerous thing.
Only then did the Spider address Az’kerash.
“Gnolls have become [Mage]-less?”
She was as oblivious as he was. Which wasn’t surprising, but the Necromancer had found that Belavierr either knew nothing of even obvious events, like Ailendamus’ rise—or she was hyper specialized and knew some knowledge about the secrets of the world that even he lacked.
“A strange belief, yes. Wistram Academy has no Gnoll [Mages]. Which is odd because their narrative is that ‘Gnolls cannot learn magic’.”
“…Odd.”
Even the Stitch Witch looked interested at that. Az’kerash continued.
“I have encountered Gnolls capable of performing arcane magic as opposed to spiritual magic.”
“I have as well.”
“Do you recall any in recent history?”
The two immortals thought. ‘Recent history’ was a loaded term for them. Belavierr twisted her neck left. Right. Az’kerash himself frowned. Then he had it.
“The [Druid] child. There was a Gnoll child with white fur.”
Belavierr twitched. Her ringed gaze slowly, slowly crept over to him. Az’kerash met it.
“Do you have something to add, Stitch Witch?”
“No. Proceed.”
Az’kerash continued, speaking more to Kerash because he could tell Belavierr nothing she did not already know. Organizing his thoughts on a verbal level.
“She was capable of arcane magic. I sensed a reservoir within her. Or rather…her fur. She had white fur.”
“This matters?”
Belavierr tilted her head again. Az’kerash’s gaze flicked to her.
“Fur is a storage device, or can be. For power.”
“More than power with their kind.”
Belavierr’s comment made Az’kerash raise his brows. That was intriguing. He had no idea about white fur’s significance.
“I shall discuss it with you later, Belavierr. Perhaps in the context of an undead creation?”
“Yes. One made of fur.”
Her smile was deeply malicious. Again, the Necromancer felt like he was missing a piece of the puzzle, but he nodded slowly.
“Fur. I merely mention it as proof that she was capable of arcane magic. Gnolls are, of course, experts in the spiritual, collective magic of their people…I do not recall seeing many arcane vessels or mana wells. But they are hardly ‘magic-less’.”
“True. They have been [Witches], and [Shamans], and [Archmages]. Why would anyone doubt it?”
“Perhaps they’ve forgotten?”
“So soon?”
It was a fault of their kind that both saw a hundred years, or even forty, as a small amount of time. Az’kerash was ‘only’ two hundred years old, but the narrative had amazed him. Belavierr hadn’t even heard of the change.
