8.42
Page 1
Well, the Sinew Magus was calm. He calmly packed a backup wand into his bag of holding, a toothbrush, various supplements for nutrition he was trialling, quality potions, some basic magical gear—spell reagents, scrolls, blank and marked, magical tools like a Seeing Glass of Rheiw, which Troy and Leon had claimed was analogous to a ‘magnifying glass’ in their world, only specialized for magic—enough coin to avoid a trip to a Merchant’s Guild, two pairs of maps, three travelling books, a set of personal training weights, six sets of larger weights he hoped to trade or give to Gnollish tribes…
He was obviously using a Chest of Holding, a small one, along with his bag of holding. He would have to either carry it to a carriage or rent a horse. Probably carriage. He couldn’t justify a Pegasus flight, even if Oteslia were not under siege. This was a personal errand.
Oh, and a few more objects in his personal bag of holding. Three lead-silver orbs, shot puts, weighing exactly six point four pounds. Grimalkin had no idea about the Earth-based game. These were small, designed to be tossed through a magical barrier and through someone’s skull.
He was not intending on violence, especially in the Meeting of Tribes. This was simple, sensible self-defense equipment for a Drake confident in his hand-to-hand capabilities. He was just going to ask some questions regarding his apprentice’s disappearance.
If he didn’t like the answers, he would calmly break some bones.
The Sinew Magus was nearly done when he heard a rapping on the door. He sighed, pinched at his snout, similar to how Humans did it with their curious noses.
“Come in.”
It was not his apprentices; he had given them notice of his leave. It was going to be…Grimalkin heard the clack of a separate object along with two feet on his floor.
“Grand Strategist Chaldion.”
The withered Drake with his cane walked in, although he might have taken a transport even this short way. Dignity made him walk in, alone. Grimalkin appraised Chaldion. He had expected this.
“Magus Grimalkin. A word.”
Chaldion did not ask. Grimalkin kept packing as he picked up a letter. To Lady Pryde Ulta, informing her of a slight delay in their correspondence. He had a sheaf of contacts to inform via copied [Message] spell, but she was deserving of a personal missive.
Of course, Chaldion’s one good eye focused on that. Grimalkin knew that Chaldion probably had all of his correspondence monitored. The Cyclops of Pallass knew everything. So he had known what Grimalkin was doing.
In truth, Grimalkin had expected a [General], [Senator], or a fellow [Mage] of Pallass to be here. It did not matter.
“I have time for a word, Grand Strategist, but it will be for two minutes at most. I am headed out of the city and I will not delay myself.”
“To head to the Meeting of Tribes? Are you fully recovered?”
Grimalkin flexed his pectorals, grimacing. He’d torn them after being thrown into Liscor, much like he could throw a weight himself. Belavierr the Stitch Witch. Lacking information about her, however…
“Perfectly, Grand Strategist. And no, I do not intend to debate my leave of absence. I have perfect dispensation to do so, and will not entertain reasons to stay. I am aware of the risks, my position, and events occurring, so if you will see yourself out…? The door will lock when you depart.”
He tossed the last few objects into his pack. An illustration of Ferkr, the latest notes on Raskghar, his passport, and turned to go. Of course, he didn’t expect Chaldion to relent that easily.
