8.42
Page 11
A familiar Gnoll and the biggest group yet advanced past the fighting, ignoring the screaming civilians. Tesy saw Vetn and Mrsha looking at him. Wer had already shown Mrsha how to hide her scent and Vetn was the Thief of Clouds.
“But I just drew…”
Sellme. They had come for Sellme. Not because they cared about his drawings, but because he was where she was.
Doom. Mrsha saw Vetn move first, again, breaking out of the horror. He pointed.
“The south gates. Move! I’ll find horses!”
 
——
 
And then they were here. Wer hadn’t lied. Mrsha fled with Tesy and Vetn as another city burned. Not literally, but the Gnolls had been tracking them through the streets. They missed catching Tesy only because Vetn had doused him in scent-killer. But they were right on their heels, and from this spot, they’d be tracking any city nearby, searching for new arrivals, prevailing on Gnolls in the city who believed in their ways, allying with local tribes…
It sunk in to Vetn and Tesy as they rode. They looked back at Mrsha, and really looked at her. A little Gnoll girl, hunted across Izril. Vetn had known, but this?
“Two Drake cities. They just walked in and…why do they hate her so much? One Gnoll?”
“It’s the Plain’s Eye tribe. They hate them more than anything in the world. Trust me. Other tribes wouldn’t go this far. But Plain’s Eye? I think there’s a reason. I don’t know. I left when I was young.”
Vetn stared back at the city. Tesy was looking back. The [Anarchists] had fled, to protect their homes. He turned to Vetn.
“My friends don’t fight warriors. Not like that. We can hide out with them, maybe. But—do you know where to go?”
“A Thieves’ Guild might give her up.”
“No. Come on.”
Vetn shrugged, matter-of-factly.
“Depends on the price. Listen. Tesy. This is…too big. I don’t know where to take her. Oteslia, Salazsar? We might not make it to either. But I do know who might help out. She’s nearby. Maybe…”
Tesy ran a claw, trembling, Mrsha noticed, down his neck spines. He looked at Vetn, and some composure returned.
“Her? She’s not always an ally…”
“Tesy—just shut up. She’s never turned you in, not once. She gives you money, and she’d know a safe place if there’s one in a local city. If you don’t want to—”
“Okay, okay. Yes! Let’s go. Come on, Mrsha. We’re going to a friend.”
A friend of Tesy and Vetn? And also a safe place, apparently. Vetn sped ahead. He needed to check where she was, but any Mage’s Guild or Merchant’s Guild or local gossiper could tell him. That was how Mrsha found herself heading along a route no one could predict.
Not her worried mother. Not her pursuers. Not even Plain’s Eye.
 
——
 
They were the best of times, and the worst—no, wait. They were just the best of times.
The Meeting of Tribes had gotten off to a big start, with festivities, games, activities, reunions, and spectacle. Now, nearly two months in…
It was pretty much still going strong. Lehra woke up one day, dangling foot-first from a rope, still drunk, and had no idea what had happened.
“Cliff jumping. You kept insisting it was ‘your turn’ because you forgot you did it last time.”
Suxhel, the Gazer [Wizard], patiently informed Lehra when she found one of her companions at their tents. Lehra rubbed at her face.
“Didn’t anyone stop me?”
“No. Everyone eventually left because you threw up on the way down. You fell asleep there.”
“Oh. But how’d there get to be a cliff, anyw—”
Lehra turned, saw the giant wooden scaffolding and tower set up to let Gnolls and brave visitors leap from the top with the enchanted rope and stop a dizzying ten feet from the ground, and frowned.
