8.42
Page 0

All things considered, he had been extraordinarily patient. To a reason; and he did believe reason was a tenet that should be held in high esteem. He did use logic, and patience was an inescapable part of that attitude.
There were reasons he had delayed. Wistram—the Earther connection—no, what he now dubbed the Earth connection. That was almost as pressing as the new, concerning narrative of Gnollish aggression.
“Gnollish aggression.”
He muttered it as he packed. Now there was a term that had little logic to it. People talked about the astonishing assaults, sackings of cities with Gnollish populations as the sparkpoint, like Cellidel, or the Woven Bladegrass tribe’s acrimonious approach and methods, and the bloodbath in the streets of Marwsh, and conflated all of the issues under a single umbrella.
As if they were one thing, not each with their own complex reasons and individual factions within the Gnollish population. It was the Meeting of Tribes. Comfortable people, people who might harbor anti-Gnollish sentiments from proximity or their own histories, or simply attitude, saw the might of the Gnolls gather every twenty years and they got jumpy.
They remembered times when Gnolls had brought down Walled Cities, and that, before the Antinium, things hadn’t been peaceful. Hence—Gnollish aggression.
He’d been dealing with idiotic notions of checking ‘Gnollish aggression’ here, as well as coordinating with Fissival’s representatives regarding the Earther situation. The problem was that Wistram was a lockbox, and the Academy of Mages was ahead of any of the Walled Cities by months and many Earthers.
What did they know? Were they enemies? Instinctively creating a zero-sum scenario was foolish. So was presuming Wistram would remain apolitical, especially with Grand Magus Eldavin in the equation.
“He does not seem like the same half-Elf I met.”
Questions without answers. Suppositions, pieces of the puzzle now found. However, key pieces he thought were constant were now gone.
Erin Solstice was dead. He was a practical Drake. He understood what ‘dead’ meant in this case, but he did not also think coming back to life was so easy.
Grimalkin of Pallass had too much to do. Too little time. Yet, as he packed a simple travelling kit—for both the exigencies of trade and strife—one thing motivated him.
His student. His apprentice. Yes, Earth. Yes, Gnollish politics and that missing child, Mrsha, and more.
However. The Drake grunted as his huge shoulders tried to relax, but the tension was cording his muscles. He felt like he’d been tensed for weeks.
“My apprentice is my responsibility. My student.”
Ferkr was missing. She had sent him two messages. One, telling him she had arrived at the Meeting of Tribes but few people credited her burgeoning magical talent as authentic, but she hoped to present herself to the Chieftains and a number of tribes.
The second, nearly four days later, a brief line.
 
I am sorry for disappointing you. I cannot be your apprentice any longer, Magus Grimalkin.
 
No context. Except when he heard that she had disavowed her magical ability, claimed to be a fraud that had tricked even him, and vanished.
Why? Grimalkin had no answers. She was nowhere to be seen, and he had faced both scrutiny and mockery in Pallass for his apprentice, as well as her family’s understandable worry.
