8.42
Page 27
Then there was Qwera, the doorman…doorlady?, and a few others. Whenever one of them spoke, everyone else listened. They gave orders, and people came to them.
“This is Mrsha. I’m bringing in a Human—she’s on the level. An Architect of her own people—in a sense. Don’t raise a fuss.”
“Isn’t that girl the one who everyone was saying was kidnapped? Qwera! Are you involving us in something dangerous?”
A worried Drake was remonstrating with Qwera. The Golden Gnoll just gave him a look.
“She’s a white Gnoll, Hetrell. Find out what that means. She’s a child and there are Plains Gnolls with their knives out to kill her for having white fur. Sound familiar? I thought so. I thought we’d offer her shelter. Or do you all disagree? Is Beithstrel in the habit of turning away people or children in need?”
“Don’t bite my head off. I wasn’t sure!”
The Drake backed up, as if trying to fend off Qwera’s attack with his claws.
“Well, I don’t have time for anyone who’s unsure. Mrsha, come over here. Let’s attend to business since I’m moving off like lightning. I can’t stay as I planned.”
There was a furor of discontent. Instantly, a number of people converged, but Qwera wasn’t about to argue.
“Bring the issues here and I’ll do what I can. Vetn, get over here! How many Architects do we have? Four? It’ll do.”
Mrsha tilted her head. She was the only child here, and it attracted as much attention as her white fur did. She was given a glass of milk, and watched, bemused.
What was this place? Dancing for some, drinks and food, company in quiet. But it wasn’t just these things. If Mrsha had any context, she might well have expected more of the dancing, more dresses, and maybe cigar-smoke and whatnot.
Actually, someone did produce one and they were told to put it out before they were tossed on their heads. Gnolls hated smoke in confined places.
Nor was this a place to simply meet. Qwera had sat down, pulled out a ledger of all things, and a pair of reading spectacles, and was making notations with an abacus. Since that was instantly boring, Mrsha padded over and stared at a whispering Gnoll girl to what was apparently her sponsor.
“Is that really the Golden Gnoll? She’s a…”
“She’s one of us, dear. And remember. It’s secret to everyone.”
“Of course. I knew that!”
The amused Drake glanced at Mrsha as he caught the girl up to speed. Clearly a City Gnoll, and just as clearly a bit nervous about everything.
“What do I do?”
“Do? Nothing. Just be. You can sit here. If anyone tries to chat you up, just shoo them away or tell them you’re new. You don’t have to do anything, for as long as you want. Just remember: no one’s going to judge you here. And keep it secret, no matter what. Those are the only two rules. And no smoking.”
The Gnoll girl nodded a few times. She glanced at Mrsha, and the little Gnoll girl held up a card.
Salutations good Sirs/Madams. My name is Mrsha.
That was her standard greeting card, but she followed it up with a question.
What is this place for?
The older Drake snorted. Mrsha couldn’t tell his profession, but the slightest bit of incense hung around him. He gestured around.
“Well, what do you think this place is?”
“A bar for Turnscales.”
The City Gnoll murmured. Instantly, she clapped a paw over her mouth. The Drake gave her a look as a few heads turned.
“That’s their word.”
“But I’m…”
“You don’t have to say anything. Listen. Why don’t I take you over and you can talk to some of my friends? Just relax, dear. You are safe here.”
