8.42
Page 24
Tesy and Vetn did not flee, mainly because Qwera promised them that if they did, she would personally make them suffer. They couldn’t meet Mrsha’s eyes either.
Cowards. Mrsha was hurt beyond words they’d just tried to run. She’d never, ever had anyone run away from her when she needed help.
Except Ryoka. But even Ryoka left after the monsters. These two?
They weren’t Wilovan and Ratici after all. They were just…in over their heads. They were like kids. Numbtongue would have stayed even if an army was attacking. And died.
Maybe there was something to it, after all, but Qwera wasn’t impressed either. She had a sumptuous breakfast that neither one got to eat and let Mrsha nibble at sea food canapes after a big, juicy meat brisket.
“They never grew up, neither of them. I was always the big sister—I’m not that much older than either! A bit. Vetn and I grew up outcasts and he…bah. He and Tesy get along right until they don’t. Little children. Unable to even face an ounce of responsibility.”
Mrsha glanced at Qwera as she ranted—then the two hunched figures of Tesy and Vetn, having to literally watch them eat and have Qwera insult them. The Golden Gnoll eyed them, then sighed.
“Vetn. You stole something from the Meeting of Tribes, didn’t you? Did you fence it?”
He glanced up.
“Sure did.”
“…Then I’ll let you go. I’ll catch up in…two hours. I need to meet a [Merchant] friend who might be able to help.”
“I’ll go—”
Qwera pointed a butter-knife at Tesy and he froze.
“You’ll go with Vetn, and if you so much as paint a drop on a single wall, I’ll tell the [Chef] to prepare me Drake balls for lunch and have you eat them. We’ll catch up. If there are Gnoll Doomslayers in this city, it will probably be the safest place.”
“So there is one in the city?”
“Yes. Here’s the address.”
She whispered in Vetn’s ear and he nodded. Mrsha perked her ears up. What was this, now? Tesy looked a bit uncomfortable, but the Golden Gnoll was adamant. She finished breakfast, told Mrsha they were going to meet a ‘Ysara’, which sounded a bit like two people with stupid names that Mrsha both sort of liked, and then meet them at a bar. She took Mrsha by the paw, and marched on.
 
——
 
Mrsha never saw Ysara. Qwera was warier than both Tesy and Vetn, and thus didn’t want to say she had the famous kidnapping victim in her company, even if she trusted her friend. There was trust, then there was being associated with that.
Rather, she engineered a clever disguise for Mrsha before even leaving the inn. The little Gnoll girl admired her new ‘look’.
Two gold-tipped ears, and a necklace with her bag of holding strung around it. She also had gold-themed clothing, adjusted for her height, and a little basket. It was full of two things.
Firstly, a kind of calling-card, only it wasn’t a business card, but a scroll with a list of Qwera’s future tours to cities, Merchant’s Guild info, and tied neatly to that, a gold coin.
An actual gold coin, and Mrsha had written a few cards she could hold up and show people to advertise the Golden Gnoll. She was Qwera’s helper and disguised because everyone batted an eye at her. Everyone saw the Golden Gnoll’s advertiser.
Here was the genius of Qwera, though. Where Mrsha would still have aroused suspicion from clever Gnolls who were looking for a girl of her build…she was just one of dozens. Qwera hired nearly three dozen children to advertise for her, and Mrsha could walk around and hand out the scrolls while following Qwera in disguise.
Smart. Just like Vetn said. She was waiting for Qwera as she emerged from the Merchant’s Guild.
