8.42
Page 36
“I would say, great Chieftain Iraz, that your tribe is famous for fighting Drakes as well. But if mine has burnt cities of Drakes? What of Plain’s Eye, who, in their hunt for Doom, has set multiple cities ablaze! Who has provoked more, eh?”
Krshia sat bolt upright. Now, all eyes turned to Chieftain Xherw. He calmly stood, as Shaman Ulcre stood with him.
“We hunt monsters, Chieftain Werri. It must be done. I admit we have provoked the cities. Both our tribe and yours. We shall decide if censure is needed for both, here. Your point? I ask it, yes?”
The calm response made Werri scowl for a second. She gestured, without a word, and the Chieftains turned as Gnolls marched down, carrying huge chests, and unveiled their gift before the tribes.
“This is what I offer.”
It was what Krshia had expected. She saw magical swords, shields, arms and armor being placed down around Werri. Not just enough for a hundred Gnolls to be geared up. Not just enough for a thousand.
Weapons for a small army, magical all. Lesser or greater enchantments; usually lesser. Looted, perhaps used and now recycled into gifts.
Spoils of war. It was an impressive gift, but not impressive, if that made sense. It was entirely what Werri would give if anyone thought about it, so while there were a few murmurs, even she did not stand long on her gift.
“I offer weapons and armor for battle! To each tribe!”
“Fitting. Enough to arm a warrior from head to toe in most tribes. Is this your gift that exceeds the Raskghar’s danger, though, Chieftain Werri?”
That remark was amazingly snippy and it came from Reizet herself. Werri turned and the look the two warrior-Chieftains gave was like lightning bolts meeting in midair. Then Werri bowed deeply, and, in this setting, it was the most insulting thing she could have done. Az’muzarre’s warrior and [Shaman] growled, and Theikha stirred. But Werri continued.
“It would be a poor gift, yes, Chieftain Reizet. A poor gift, say, to a weapon of Dragonbone. If Az’muzarre ever thought to share its great power with another tribe. But it never does.”
“Chieftain Werri. We do not provoke conflict. State your piece, please.”
The growling from Reizet’s throat was followed by Theikha’s warning. Werri nodded. She turned and shouted to the others.
“This is half of Woven Bladegrass’ gift, Chieftains. The other half is conditional! I did not think to offer it, but I accepted it on behalf of my tribe to offer you. A great offer, and a gift.”
Krshia’s eyes narrowed. What was this? This was what Werri had intended. What could be on par with their gift? What could…
“We claim the Great Plains, though few Drake cities ever acknowledge it as ours. We claim bits and pieces of land, and travel, for the Drakes put down their damned cities and say ‘all this is mine’. We never put flags and stone down, so we have no claim. As they say it. We have contracts. Some tribes have land, like Greenpaw—”
Werri turned and Orelighn jumped and went white under his fur as everyone suddenly looked at him. But he was only the point to her claim. Werri brandished something in her paws. It looked like a contract scroll, enforced by magic.
A good one. Krshia leaned in. Werri’s voice dropped. She was practically shaking with excitement, now.
“There is little land not ours. Some of our kin even went to Chandrar, and perhaps some tribes will say we should follow them—”
Weatherfur’s Chieftain jumped and Feshi inhaled as Werri glanced at them. Both glared, and some Chieftains gasped.
“Chandrar? Leave Izril?”
