8.42
Page 21
She raised the golden fist of justice to smite Tesy, and the [Magical Painter] threw up his claws.
“It wasn’t my fault! There was a Senior Guardsman—I wasn’t going to leave, but he found out who I was!”
“You idiot! Drakes’ Ancestors, I need another drink and a Calming Tonic or I am going to kill both of you. Give me one second, and don’t you dare cause trouble in the minute I’m gone!”
She stormed out of the room. Tesy and Vetn exchanged glances.
“She’s mad.”
“Yeah, but she didn’t throw us out so she’ll probably help. See? I told you she could help. Mrsha, that’s Qwera. Don’t worry, she’s n—she’s n—”
Tesy hesitated. Vetn interrupted.
“She’s nice to everyone but us. Children. Probably.”
“Yeah, definitely. Just don’t make her mad.”
Mrsha nodded respectfully. She was quite impressed; she’d met few [Merchants] before, and all gold? Plus, she didn’t wear clothes, which Mrsha respected. She knew Lyonette was lying about having to wear them!
Why does she know you two? Is she an [Anarchist]?
Tesy laughed so hard he spat water onto the floor. Vetn and he stared at it in horror, then moved the chairs so they covered the carpet stain. Sellme leaned forwards confidentially.
“No, she’s not. Actually, she told me never to paint in a city she’s in. She’s a childhood friend. Well, Vetn knew her and he introduced me. She was a [Trader] and he used to work with her.”
By selling stolen stuff? Or Sellme’s paintings?
“No! She’d kill us if we tried…”
The two instantly chorused. Vetn shook his head.
“She’s too smart. She used to make me tell her about things I saw so she got trading information. Break into the Merchant’s Guild and read ledgers. Tesy sometimes paints a Sellme piece and she ‘finds’ it fast. But only now and then.”
The [Magical Painter] looked aggrieved.
“I only do it because she’s an ally. She sort of funds us now and then. Even though she’s rich and she could be distributing…”
Vetn rolled his eyes. Mrsha glanced up as the doors flew back open and the Gnoll woman returned.
“I’m back. I am not calm. But here we are. Since you two can’t decide how you’re going to fix this, I will. And you two will pay for it later.”
The [Thief] and [Painter] cringed, but Qwera wasn’t interested in them. She sat down on her bed. Mrsha, sitting upright, saw two keen eyes fix her with a searching stare.
“So you’re Mrsha. You can’t speak, is that right? But you can write?”
Yes! I am Mrsha. It is nice to meet you!
Mrsha saw Qwera’s eyes study the neat handwriting.
“That’s interesting. And you have…white fur. Child. You poor child. You’re in trouble now, and no mistake. Ancestors.”
She sighed. Mrsha saw her glance at Tesy and Vetn. The two looked…well, much like Kevin and Rose and the others did when they first came to Erin’s inn.
Shocked. Still horrified by what they’d seen. Both were high-level, but the attacks had been something they weren’t used to, that they stayed away from, even Tesy and his anti-governmental stance.
Out of their depth. Qwera? She began to ask Mrsha questions.
“You had better explain all of it. Where did you come from? The Stone Spears tribe? Vetn, do you know about that? Liscor? Liscor? That backwater? And…The Wandering Inn? Wait a second. Didn’t Ysara say…?”
The story came out in scritching writings, questions, ‘are you lying?’, ‘really, that actually happened?’, lots of ‘whats?’, and so on. Vetn and Tesy actually forgot their worries long enough to stare.
