8.42
Page 26
She spread her arms and the Golden Gnoll shone. This cheer was different than that of her crowds. Here were her real fans, the ones that knew her. She danced forwards into the most secret and fun bar Mrsha had ever seen as the brick wall closed. She looked up at the Drake, who gave her a friendly wink.
“What’s wrong, little miss? Never seen someone pull off a dress so well?”
She shook her head. To Mrsha’s eyes, the dress was a contemporaneous, pre-trend duovem, which was a word in the lexicon of Lyonette’s people—fancy people—to refer to a dress in how related it was to the common, current aesthetic. Obviously, according to Drake trends, which were currently those airy, fairy-like long dresses; this one was more form-fitting, with that seam on either side.
Mrsha knew Lyonette would probably know exactly which dress it was and Mrsha had already failed the test. It looked like the red silk had the patterns of the city’s emblems on it, and personal names in gold.
But she was no expert on dresses or anything. The Drake laughed and bent down.
“Ah. Well. Just remember: this is secret. You’re that girl from the scrying orb, aren’t you? Do you know what this place is?”
Mrsha stared into the bar, built out of an old and forgotten safe room that criminals had used. Concealed doorway. Passwords of dubious quality.
Yet this wasn’t a hiding place. Or at least, not in the sense she knew it. In here, in secret, there was alcohol, dancing, and a flamboyant Gnoll on stage—Qwera. Drakes and Gnolls in lovely clothing. None of this was illegal.
Only they were. It was when Mrsha saw two male Drakes holding hands and talking, Tesy sitting uncomfortably as Vetn laughed with a Drake girl with colorful tail-tattoos, saw how Qwera was at home here, that she put it together. But she’d forgotten the word, so the Drake [Doorkeeper] supplied it for her.
“Turnscales.”
 
——
 
That was the answer to a question Mrsha didn’t know she had. Turnscales, a word she’d sometimes heard children shouting at each other. An insult that meant you had to run over and punch whoever said it.
She knew the meaning. But not the meaning. She got it now. One look at two Drakes doing a smooth groove together—and by together, she meant together, as if someone had stuck them together with glue—and she got it. They were dancing to some song and style that reminded Mrsha of the Earthers’ songs. Only, these people had it. Song crystals, from Terandria.
It was a big room, with a few other chambers. Some underground, a literally underground space. There was alcohol, dancing, and the cheer that had arisen when Qwera took the little stage at the back had filled the place.
They knew her. Mrsha was reminded of Tails and Scales at first, or The Wandering Inn as it pertained to the Players of Celum. In that this was clearly an establishment that sold alcohol and even food and had entertainment. Not Erin’s wackiness, which was chaos.
Why a password, though? Obviously, Mrsha approved of secret hiding places; she had lots. But why the secrecy? And, for that matter, she noticed instantly that this was a bar of more than just libations and adults doing gross things.
There was enough of that, but Mrsha saw that Tesy and Vetn were actually a similar dynamic that spoke to the…the room.
No, Tesy, Vetn, and Qwera. All three were represented. Some of the Drakes and Gnolls were like Tesy, inherently uncomfortable with this place, staring around as if everything was scandalous. Others were comfortable, like Vetn, flirting, talking, more relaxed than Mrsha had ever seen the Thief of Clouds.
