8.42
Page 4
Chaldion turned his head. Grimalkin expected a glare, the famous one-eyed stare that had reduced grown [Senators] to tears. The all-seeing sapphire, carved eye in the scarred socket, the orange scales faded to grey on the hunched Drake, all made him look like what he was: one of the oldest military leaders of the Drakes.
Yet Grimalkin got no glare. No anger. Nor any guilt. Chaldion’s one good eye, which was a faded, deep blue trending to violet, just fixed Grimalkin with a…look. A look that was so blank as to be terrifying.
If there was anything in that gaze, it was irritation. Yes, the eyes told the Sinew Magus. Yes, you are factually, actually correct in everything you’ve said. So what?
Why are you wasting my time?
The old Drake spoke slowly, as if trying to put a two-piece puzzle together for Grimalkin.
“Magus Grimalkin. You once lectured an [Innkeeper] about the value of perspective. Pallass is a Walled City. She is one young Gnoll. Now. My business here is concluded.”
He walked to the door. Grimalkin watched as the Drake walked outside, murmured to Duln, and vanished. He had seldom been without words to say. He strode to the door, to—
To do what? Grimalkin had a fist clenched. Magic-Captain Grimalkin, in his beloved city, stood there. He looked around, at a recently-commissioned anatomical diagram. He spun, fist raised—
He didn’t put his claw through it, or the wall. He didn’t kick anything. What was the point? No logic to breaking something.
Logic. Grimalkin saw it. He needed a book, no, an encyclopedia of tribes, a history book, a timeline…he could do that.
But what was the point? The Sinew Magus sat there. Head blank. He did not leave for the Meeting of Tribes.
He had orders. It only occurred to Grimalkin later, as he was unpacking, that Chaldion had pulled rank as Grand Strategist of Pallass. A rank almost without equal. However…it begged a question.
Was it just Pallass?
How high did the orders go?
 
——
 
He had not lied to her. That was what she found terrifying, now. Mrsha held onto the scaled claw, eyes wide. The Drake loosely holding her paw hadn’t moved. His eyes were wide, his painted, red scales shining.
Not by daylight. Not by evening’s light, or moonlight. By [Light] spells. Mrsha heard a familiar alarm, in this city, so much like Liscor.
“Tesy! Mrsha! Get on!”
A figure ran towards them, with three stolen horses in tow. Mrsha saw Vetn riding towards them. She saw him realize she wasn’t fit to ride one, and grabbed her. Tesy had to be shaken until he climbed into a saddle. They raced out the gates amid a terrified crowd, shouting [Guards]. Behind them, the city was chaos.
Another city fell, thanks to Sellme being there. But it was wrong to blame the [Magical Painter]. Mrsha looked back and heard howling. She felt her fur stand up. Yet those weren’t Raskghar. They were Gnolls.
Gnolls.
It had been so quick. First, it had been happy. A huge relief! They saved her, right when she was about to die.
The Drake with white scales and a brush that could paint fake doorways in walls, create a pit by artfully painting it on the street. Tesy, or Sellme, as he was known.
And the other Gnoll, the long-legged, fast sprinter. Vetn, or as they called him, the Thief of Clouds. Two famous individuals who actually knew each other. Who, unbeknownst to the rest of the world, were actually friends. It was thanks to Sellme that the Thief of Clouds had his iconic name.
