8.42
Page 23
Many people had made Mrsha that promise. Or had they? She looked up, and realized Qwera was one of the few people to ever say it aloud. Her family had always implied it in everything they did. Wer had said he’d try.
This was somehow more comforting, in a moment. A promise. Mrsha knew adults couldn’t always keep them. But she liked to believe they could. She nodded at that knowing face, then she closed her eyes. She leaned into Qwera, trembling a bit, but relaxed.
It was like magic. But it wasn’t a Skill or magic the Golden Gnoll needed to be given. Just words. She whispered to Mrsha.
“Never let them trick you into thinking it was your fault. Understand?”
Tesy and Vetn looked at her solemnly as the little girl nodded, tearing up a bit. They looked awkward, unable to handle this moment. Unable to find anything to say that wouldn’t detract. At last, Tesy murmured.
“Thanks, Qwery. Really.”
Above Mrsha, the Golden Gnoll sighed.
“Just find a room. I’ll tell the [Innkeeper]. Mrsha can sleep here or in her own room. We’ll talk on it tomorrow.”
They nodded. Mrsha told Qwera she was fine and could have her own room. The Golden Gnoll nodded, and made sure she was fed, had a toothbrush, and told her to call if anything happened. Mrsha lay down.
This inn was called Sotosilt for some reason, but it catered to rich travellers. It had a big room, huge, fluffy sheets, and lovely beds. Mrsha wished she were back in The Wandering Inn.
She was tired. Scared by the relentless pursuit. Tesy and Vetn hadn’t even told Qwera how close it had been. The Thief of Clouds was high-level, but even he’d barely kept ahead of Gnolls that would stop any group, that feared no one.
She was scared. But also very tired. She just wanted to find Lyonette. If she found Lyonette…
Would she bring danger to her, too? Mrsha imagined a bunch of Gnolls with crossbows. She saw them aiming at Erin.
Doom.
She had fallen asleep at some point, because she jerked up with a wordless howl on her lips. However, it didn’t come out. Panting, Mrsha realized it was long past midnight and into dawn.
She woke up because of the bad dream, but she stayed up because she heard the creak of floorboards, a door opening, a whisper…
Mrsha ignored it at first, but then she padded to her door and opened it. Just in time to see Vetn and Tesy, clothed and packed, sneaking out the third-floor window. They whirled as Mrsha stared at them.
“Mrsha! We were—”
Tesy’s voice rose over the whisper. He was the one she’d been hearing; Vetn was as quiet as a cat. The Thief of Clouds was already scaling out the window. Mrsha stared at him. He avoided her look.
They were leaving her! Leaving her with…Tesy backed up.
“Look, Qwera’s really responsible. She’ll…we’re not cut out to fight Gnolls. Sorry. We’ll see you later, maybe. Don’t tell anyone who we are, okay? So…”
He was at the window. Mrsha just watched him go as the white-scaled Drake turned guiltily and put one foot over the window ledge. He was halfway out when a furious Gnoll charged out of her rooms, seized his tail, and yanked him back in.
“Oh no you don’t. You’re not dumping this problem in my lap and running! Vetn! Get back here or I’ll post a ten thousand gold bounty on your worthless hide!”
Her shout woke up the entire inn. Mrsha saw Tesy scramble for the window.
“Qwery! Don’t—”
She picked him up, and began to shake him as Vetn froze outside. Then she put him in a headlock as he frantically tried to get his paints. The Golden Gnoll took no prisoners.
 
——
 
