8.42
Page 12
“…Was that always there?”
Suxhel rolled all her eyes, which, coming from a Gazer, was a sign of extreme annoyance. However, she still watched some Gnolls trying the new, and newly cleaned, activity.
“It does surprise me. Even Lizardfolk don’t do this.”
“Well, we’re an adventurous species.”
“Yes. Adventurous is exactly the word I’d use.”
Lehra grinned. The Star Gnoll was actually the one member of her species in Stargazer’s Promise, and while Suxhel had met many of her people, Lehra was something, even among Gnolls. She pointed.
“The Meeting of Tribes is a time to have fun, Suxhel. New experiences!”
“I thought it was a time to give the great gifts and make deliberations on the future of Gnolls.”
The Named Adventurer thought about it.
“Well, yes. But those’re the Chieftains’ jobs. Do you think we’re here to sit about and be stuffy? It’s super entertaining, every single day.”
That was true. The biggest tribes worked hard to make sure there wasn’t ever a lack of activities. Multiple events, per day, hosted by different tribes, meant that this gigantic fair never stopped being both economically and socially rewarding.
Case in point. Lehra dragged her friend over for food and the first activity she saw. She bought a pie, rather than find a free food stand, gobbled it down, and was licking her paws when she saw and remembered her friends in the Silverfang tribe.
“Suxhel! Look! Let’s visit, uh, uh…Inkar! Hey, is that Ekhtouch over there? I thought they were somewhere else.”
She pointed at a gathering near the Silverfang’s area. Children and adults were gathered up, in a placid activity of some kind. Suxhel’s eyes spotted what was going on at once, but Lehra had to come closer to see they were fiddling with beads, string, various carved symbols or even shells.
“Oh! They’re making jewelry?”
“It’s free! Honored Lehra, will you make something? If you have anything, we can help you make something. A clasp for a jewel or stone? Earrings?”
Lehra brightened up. Suxhel, who was a [Wizard] and thus loved magical accoutrements of all kinds, peered at the Gnolls helping children make necklaces. Some were on the level of children’s handicrafts, but some looked like bracelets or necklaces you’d actually keep.
“I have one last [Fit to Form] Skill for the hour! Who’d like it? You?”
A [Jeweler] walked over to a frantically waving young Gnoll woman. The necklace adjusted to fit her perfectly. In another area, a patient [Goldsmith] was working with actual gold, making earrings for a reduced fee.
“Suxhel, do you want something? I could make an earring, maybe? Maybe a dangling one like that Drake has?”
“It will get torn out in your next fight. Like the last one. Get a pin.”
“Fine. Do you see Inkar? That other one?”
“Tkrn? No. They seem to be absent today.”
Suxhel’s eyes scanned the crowd, but she didn’t see the acquaintances they’d met earlier on. Nor even the new visitors. They were all scattered across the Meeting of Tribes.
 
——
 
Not everyone was having such a great time, despite the fun and fare. Children were allowed a lot of free roam in the Meeting of Tribes, and they met Gnolls they hadn’t seen and never would outside this one event.
Sometimes friendships emerged. Odd meetings. Sometimes it changed your life. Adetr had been told of this, but he hadn’t expected how it would happen to him.
The Gnoll seemingly made of metal sat, head lowered, waiting for his guest just outside the Steelfur Tribe’s tents. Some children were playing in the background.
“We’re going to win! Plain’s Eye or not!”
“Yeah? There are lots more of us!”
