8.42
Page 9
“So, is Sellme going to stay long? I heard there’s a Drake keeping [Slaves], Tesy.”
“What?”
The rosy-scaled Drake looked up from his hand of cards. Mrsha stared at them, then folded. The others did likewise. Tesy’s expression instantly turned thunderous.
“I’m sort of busy, Vaugh. But tell me! I don’t want to cause a fuss, but…”
“It’s all over the place where I work. The Cleaner’s Guild. [Slaves]. From Chandrar. Even a Drake!”
“And the city’s leadership lets him do it?”
“She’s a corrupt [Mayor]. They all are. He’s rich. Come on, Tesy. One painting? I even have a wall for you. We can cause a diversion.”
The Drake bit his lip.
“I don’t know. Mr—Mri’s here, and so Vetn and I promised I’d lay low. I’ve got heat on me after Cellidel.”
The others egged him on, drunk on literal wine and excitement now this famous rebel was among them. Some were Tesy’s friends, others had the high honor of meeting him and knowing who he was.
“Come on, Tesy! You-know-who doesn’t fear the Watch! We’re with you!”
“Are you really going to turn a blind eye to the [Slaves]? We’re ready to go, Tesy. We’ve been training. We can hit the Watch and get them liberated within the week! Within three days!”
They had slings, knives, and alchemical weapons. Tricks to fight the ‘boots’. Tesy squirmed, but in the face of all the eagerness…he turned to ‘Mri’.
“I won’t be long. You stay here. Just tell Vetn I’m out for a bit if he wakes up.”
Mrsha watched him go, vaguely feeling like this might be a mistake, but she was high on the feeling of being among the company of high-level professionals. Wer had been good and all, but he’d been on the lam. Tesy and Vetn felt free!
…A bit too free? When Vetn woke up, past midnight, and slouched down to bother the [Barmaid] on night-shift for food, he stared at Mrsha as if he had no idea why she was here. Then he groaned.
“Oh yeah. You’re here. Maybe one of Tesy’s friends can help you get home?”
Not he himself? Mrsha was hurt. But then Tesy came back, laughing, and word of Sellme’s latest painting began to spread and Vetn was upset.
“You’re making my job harder! And uh, Mri’s here!”
“Come on, Vetn. I’ll go with you to your event.”
The [Anarchists] didn’t know Vetn, and regarded him with a bit of wariness. He looked at them with clear disinterest.
“Pass if it’s your friends. I’ll check. So are we staying? How’s she getting to Salazsar, or Oteslia or Liscor?”
“Dunno. I’ll think on it tomorrow. I’m out for bed!”
Mrsha sat there as Vetn rubbed at his face, then turned to her.
“I’m going out to check on something. Be back in a bit.”
And they left her there. The [Barmaid] was the one to show Mrsha to her room, give her a glass of milk. Mrsha realized no one had told her to brush her teeth, so she did it herself. Then she went to sleep.
 
——
 
No one woke her up, either. Tesy was out, and Vetn had gone back to bed. Mrsha had breakfast, then sat, wondering if they had a plan.
They did not. Vetn and Tesy met over late breakfast, as Sellme’s painting was all over the city. Vetn was annoyed, Tesy clearly proud of his work, which featured the objectionable [Slave Owner] with a Drake with a collar—and trying to put one on a passerby.
It was already causing waves of discontent. And neither had even thought about Mrsha.
“Uh…uh…we’ll think about it tonight. Vetn, is there…?”
“Can’t tell. I’m going to scope out the city and see if there’s anything worth looking at.”
“Well, I’ll find out if there’s more to do. Some of the others are going to see if they can force that monster out of their home and free those poor people. You want to come, Mri?”
