8.42
Page 47
The enraged Elemental knew too. It raised a huge fist, roaring, with the sound of all old plans breaking.
Deeply laid plans. They were contained in the single crystal as the fist swung down. It struck, and the explosion turned off the scrying orb as the backblast of magic obliterated every low-grade magical artifact in ten miles.
It was genius, really. The Sinew Magus had never considered that you could repurpose a teleportation network to…counter natural attempts at magic. A blanket across southern Izril, maybe even parts of the north. How much magic had Fissival poured into it?
He’d studied in Fissival. But he would ask more later. And now everyone would ask. It was done, and no one would be able to hide what had been done. The scrying orb winked out.
Yet not before Grimalkin saw the jet of fire blast straight up, from a Gnoll’s finger. A [Flame Swathe] spell, shooting into the skies of the Meeting of Tribes, fuelled by the magic of two Gnollish tribes. His greatest apprentice’s triumph, burning in his eyes.
Magic.
 
——
 
It was broken. The crystal that had been suppressing all natural magic but Ferkr’s unique training, the magic of Gnolls apart shattered. And magic returned to the places where it had been exiled.
For Gnolls. They all felt it. Even Krshia, who had been so far from southern Izril proper she’d been on the edges of the effect.
Like a bit of your soul you had never realized was missing. A door in your head that had been artificially closed every second since you were born.
Ferkr of Pallass lay on her back, grinning at the flaming hole in the roof of the tent. Shaman Theikha lay in Cetrule’s arms, a smile on her face. Bitter, but triumphant.
Truth. Chieftain Xherw and Shaman Ulcre stared, as did all the Chieftains, at the shattered crystal lying before the great guardian of Gaarh Marsh. There was nothing to identify it. No helpful sigil.
But it was there. And because it was there…Chieftain Xherw was first to speak.
“It seems there is much to answer for. Plain’s Eye will lead this hunt for facts. This—this is indeed worthy of taking precedence over the Raskghar.”
“Indeed.”
Ulcre managed. Krshia didn’t see that. She was just weeping, looking at the spellbook. It was done. Let truth come to light.
The Spider laughed at someone else’s web coming unravelled. Somewhere, the Archmage of Death sat back. For he had changed and fallen and hated the living. But once upon a time, he had been [Archmage] of Wistram. Not one people. So he smiled.
Drake cities prepared to answer the Gnollish aggression displayed of late. The aggressive Gnolls looked down at the broken link in a conspiracy under their very feet.
They decided the Drakes might be right. They had a reason to be aggressive after all.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Big chapters. Y’know, I said, pirateaba, I said, this is going to be a good 26,000 word chapter.
In fairness, it’s ‘only’ about 4,000 words more, but that’s a LOT! Each additional thousand words actually is a lot more than the first uh, 20,000.
Which I realize is a crazy thing to say, but this is why I need breaks. Anyways, it was an ambitious chapter. I wasn’t fully rested because of…lawnmowers…but that’s a web serial for you.
Imperfect, but out consistently and with hopefully a minimum bar for quality and you don’t wait like two years! Publishing books takes forever. All I do is clackity-clack and there’s words.
I’m not making much sense. Hope you enjoy and I’ll be back in a few days for the next one! Maybe a bit shorter. I do tend to run out of energy if I write big chapters in a row. But is it worth it? You tell me.
 
