8.42
Page 16
When she walked past the vast, shimmering curtains that had been set up, the audience screamed.
Mainly because of the fireball and howling gale of flames that hit the stage. Yet it did not touch the Gnoll that strode out of the fire. Or was it a Gnoll?
She had wings. Huge, flaming wings—no, an illusion! A dress? They turned with her as she strode down the stage, strutting, waving at the cheering Drakes and Gnolls, a riotous accompaniment with her.
This was an entrance. This was style. The Dragon-motif was not lost on the audience. Those who knew her cheered louder, but more than a few Drakes were outraged by someone invoking their Ancestors like that!
They were drowned out by the roaring of voices around her, the screams. And she herself had spells to amplify her voice.
She did not sing; she wasn’t the up-and-coming Singer of Terandria. There was music because you had to have music, and she performed to that. But she wasn’t a [Dancer] either, not exactly.
Like the motif of the flaming Dragon, her dress was some kind of bright, fiery fabric. It reflected fragments of light into the crowd.
“People of Beithstrel! It. Is. Me!”
They cheered even louder, her fans. The Gnoll woman laughed hugely. Then, and this was what made her different from a [Dancer], as the dress whirled around her, it abruptly vanished in a cascade of magical sparkles. Leaving behind all Gnoll, and only Gnoll.
Scandalous! Eyes popped, and the screaming grew louder. ‘Naked’, the Gnoll woman strutted down the stage, blowing kisses at outraged Drakes, and making a gesture that gave one a near heart-attack.
She was about as naked as your average Gnoll; which was to say, covered in fur. Even so, the morals of decency and such! This was not your average Gnoll, though. Nor was her fur brown, or spotted, or black, or russet red, or…white. No. It was what gave her the iconic name behind the famous [Merchant] and personality, so much so that her arrival in cities was performance and spectacle unto itself.
She shone in the spotlights trained on her, glittering so bright she reflected more than her dress. After all—
Her fur was golden. The Golden Gnoll herself, harbinger of good fortune, good business, and good love, was a celebrity who hadn’t attended the Meeting of Tribes. She was a City Gnoll, and she spread her arms wide to the horrified and adoring crowd.
“My beautiful darlings! Life is rich! Who wants to make money? Or—”
And here she tossed her head, dipping a paw into a basket another performer and assistant on stage had brought out.
“—make love? It’s one and the same to me. And I have enough to share!”
So saying, she drew a pawful of coins out and flung them into the crowd. Gold coins bounced off cheering faces, or in one case, into an open mouth, as a mad scramble broke out.
There were a few reasons you paid attention to the Golden Gnoll. Because you could actually get the gold coins she was known to throw out as signs of largesse, because she performed her business, because you were a fan of…various things, including her unique style of ‘dress’.
Or because you actually had business with her. The Golden Gnoll let the tension ride higher, then got down to work. First she hyped up the crowd. Then she gave her universal speech.
