8.42
Page 25
“I might have a plan that gets you to real safety. But it’s a weird one. If there’s anywhere safe in the world, it’s a place where there are no Gnolls. I just wonder if she’ll agree…well, first we need to see about your mother and get out of this deathtrap. Follow me and I’ll explain.”
Qwera had a carriage waiting, even though it was a short trip and she informed the driver they’d walk the last few blocks. She spoke to Mrsha out of the corner of her mouth, so only they’d hear.
“Tesy and Vetn were right. There are Gnolls in this city and the ones nearby, searching for you. They’re stopping even [Merchants] outside the city…even Totosell got searched and the idiot put up a fight. Dead gods, but the Drakes aren’t going to take this. However. We’re dead and they’re closing in. I honestly don’t know if I’d be able to smuggle you out with my Skills. This is not an ordinary Doomslayer group. They sent their best. Multiple Level 30+ and I hear their leader was a Rhir war veteran.”
Mrsha gulped. How were they going to escape that? Qwera gave her a brief look.
“Don’t worry. We can get out of this net. Vetn is one of the best in the world. Not the best, but he didn’t get his name just because of Tesy. The problem is finding a way to keep you safe for good. I have some crazy ideas…but Ysara wants to see you and I didn’t dare tell her everything in the Merchant’s Guild. Not even a private room. Here though—here will be safe. If it was monitored or surveyed, we’d all be dead. So! Safe. Excuse me, we’ll stop here.”
The [Driver] halted the carriage and Qwera began to climb out. She offered Mrsha something.
“Put this on.”
Mrsha did. She saw, as they left the coach, that Qwera was suddenly an ordinary, black-furred Gnoll woman. She walked along with her daughter, as casually as could be, as the coach driver pulled away. She led them along a strange, circuitous route, until they finally got to an inconspicuous store on a street Mrsha had no idea about. Qwera headed straight for it—then turned left, headed down an alleyway, and halted in front of a brick wall in a curve where they were invisible from the street.
She kicked the wall low to the ground and Mrsha heard a hollow thunk from the ‘bricks’. Qwera coughed, then spoke.
“Is it a cow?”
Mrsha went cross-eyed with confusion. Right up until one of the bricks slid aside and two Drake eyes frowned at her.
“Who’s the child?”
“Someone in need. Don’t make me kick down the door!”
“She’s not one of us.”
“Yeah, well, neither’s my foot so far up your ass that—”
“Alright, alright, fine. Don’t throw a fuss! Who am I looking for? A Human?”
“Yep. Let her in. Also: your password is stupid. ‘Is it a cow’. Who thinks of that? If they’re standing in front of the door and saying anything, they know or it’s a coincidence beyond belief.”
The entire wall swung inwards. Mrsha’s jaw dropped. A Drake glowered at Qwera as she removed her ring and began to sparkle again. He folded his arms and she saw he was wearing a dress.
Like Selys. But it was a male Drake. Mrsha blinked up at Qwera, but she didn’t bat an eyelid.
“People like passwords. It makes them feel safe.”
“It makes me feel stupid. Come on, Mrsha. And this is a secret to everyone. Just like your fur. You protect us. And we…hello, my beautiful darlings! Guess who’s back?”
