8.42
Page 29
“Perform? You mean like her speeches? No, she doesn’t do that. What would we do? This is just an underground tavern. It’s not organized enough for anything more than the odd play.”
Play? Mrsha’s ears pricked up. The incense-Drake pointed out the Mason who’d agreed to help the Drake in trouble.
“We have a few [Actors]. They’re all clamoring to hear about those Players of Pallass, but I keep telling them—it’s not the same. I think? Anyways, if it ever comes to our city, I hope they don’t make anyone suspicious…ah, I think the Architects have sorted their work out.”
Mrsha saw the last piece fall into place as Qwera finished her talks. She took a portion of Vetn’s gold as the Thief of Clouds, so stingy in every other regard, gave a small fortune over to the Drake at the door.
“That will sort you out for four months. Resolve the burnt house with that. I’ll put you in touch with a [Merchant] who has connections among the Builder’s Guild.”
The Architect, Qwera, had been talking with some of the people here. Not about being found out, but about more mundane issues. A bad fire that had left some of them homeless. They’d doubled-up with generous individuals, but her arrival had heralded a change.
“Thank you.”
“Just invest in decent fire-wards. Alright. Is that Ysara? Vetn, keep the rest. My work here is done. Onto Mrsha.”
Qwera was headed towards a Human woman who’d stopped just inside. Mrsha peered at her. Wow. Blue hair! She looked…not at all familiar. Must have been Mrsha’s imagination. No one whose name started with a ‘Y’ that Mrsha knew had a tattoo or hair like that.
She turned back to scribbling on a pad of parchment she’d been given. The [Bartender] frowned as Mrsha did her best and copied what she remembered.
 
“Two species, both alike in dignity,
In fair Verona, where we lay our scene,
From ancient grudge break to new mutiny…hold on. Sheiklessa! Come over here and look at this!”
 
As a crowd gathered around the girl who had heard the ‘famous plays’ so many times she could remember most of the lines, Vetn sidled up to Tesy.
“Hey. Enjoying yourself?”
The white-scale Drake jumped and sipped hurriedly at his drink.
“What? Oh—it’s fine. I’m just not uh, among my p—the crew.”
“To overthrow the walls.”
“Right. Right.”
The two stopped. Mrsha glanced up and saw how Vetn sat back, and Tesy fiddled with his own charcoal pencil. For that matter, Qwera, who’d pointed Mrsha out to Ysara, was watching her two younger friends as well.
“…I told them that you were Sellme.”
Tesy jumped, but Vetn had his paws in his pockets.
“I um. Told them what you did last time. Would you be willing to do it again?”
“…Sure.”
Vetn’s grateful smile made Tesy answer, but it turned a bit apprehensive as the Thief of Clouds beckoned the door-Drake over. The Drake was as anxious as Tesy, and they began to confer in hushed voices. Mrsha missed what was happening. She was scribbling as fast as she could, but there was no way she was going to transcribe all of Juliet and Romeo in one go.
She did her best, and the crowd, already wanting to recite it on stage, was delighted, but Qwera grabbed Mrsha despite the protests and towed her over to Ysara.
“Hello, Mrsha. Are you…Mrsha from The Wandering Inn? Of Liscor? My younger sister wrote to me about you.”
Mrsha’s tiny jaw opened wide as Ysara introduced herself. She backed up and the merchant of arms and alchemy snorted.
“That’s someone who’s met Yvlon and Ylawes, alright.”
She told me you were an arms merchant in the north!
