8.42
Page 10
Mrsha looked at them. She had a thought. But she wasn’t sure if she should voice it. So she wrote, and held up a message.
I would like to tell my Mother I am safe. Can you help me?
Tesy and Vetn exchanged looks.
“Sure! She doesn’t know? Do you know where she is? I guess I can do it. Do you want to, Vetn?”
“Sure. The Mage’s Guild is on my list.”
That was how Mrsha found herself going to the Mage’s Guild as Vetn posed as her older brother. The [Scribe] didn’t bat an eyelid. He just took down a simple message for Lyonette.
Mrsha was a bit worried. Vetn had given her the blankest of looks when she asked if she should disguise where she was or something. He didn’t know, so she sent the following to Lyonette of Oteslia:
 
Salutations to Lionette du Solstice,
By the Eternal Throne, greetings! Or should I not swear by that? It is I, your humble little friend, by blood deferred, of Calanfer. Me! Mri! I know you have inquired after my health, and posthaste too, given the dire straits left to our friend of mutual acquaintance. However, I must inform you I am well.
Some complications have emerged, but I assure you I was not abducted and fully plan to rendezvous with you in time. Yet a pressing suitor is after me, and I must decline his invitations. I am simply well, and I hope to see you soon. Much love,
—Mri
 
She was super-proud of that. Vetn had no idea what it meant, and he grumbled over the cost.
“What does blood-deferred mean?”
Mrsha gave him an indignant look. It was obvious if you knew Terandrian expressions among the aristocracy and royal class. It meant she wasn’t technically of the bloodline, but since she was Lyonette’s daughter, she might qualify as a [Princess] of Calanfer! If the crown accepted her. Otherwise she was an [Illegitimate Heir] at best, but Mrsha wouldn’t mind that class.
Vetn gave her the look of someone who wished he’d had his morning tea.
“You actually know Terandrian lineages and whatnot? You’re something. You remind me of me when I was a kid…no, wait. You don’t. You remind me of someone else when they were young. Smart. Say, maybe she can help us with you needing to get places.”
All was going well, in short. Mrsha wanted to wait for a reply, but Vetn wanted to go off and he was at least conscious enough to drop her at the inn. Mrsha debated slipping outside, but before she could do so, or he could leave on his mysterious business, it happened.
“Hey. There’s a riot already at the gates.”
Tesy looked up from a lunch, frowning. Mrsha even heard the first horn blaring.
“Already? Why the gates? We’ve been stirring up trouble at the mansion, but the gates?”
“Maybe it’s relatives. Come see!”
Everyone went, even Vetn, frowning. He muttered to Tesy.
“My [Advanced Dangersense] is going off.”
“Really? Well, let’s stay back, then. Don’t worry. We’ve got a good group of fighters. Even if the Boots come out in force, it won’t b—”
And then they saw it. Mrsha, holding Tesy’s claw, saw the [Anarchists], ready to join in on behalf of the citizens, stop. They looked ahead as a Gnoll came through the gates, joining a throng of fighting Gnolls. Some were on the battlements.
They were armed, had glowing paint on their fur, and they were killing the Watch.
Not fighting. Not brawling. Not throwing things. They had weapons, and they were tearing through the unprepared City Watch. More were advancing into the city, sniffing, shouting.
“Doom! Somewhere! I don’t have her scent, but I have the Drake’s. Spread out! Chief Warrior, go!”
