8.43
Page 18
“Aye. As for your mount, this lot treated theirs poorly. Hey, four-legged kin? Do you know me?”
The mounts clustered around her, for petting, and Ksmvr saw Nsiia laugh, check their injuries, run her hands across a few, and murmur a Skill.
“I’m sorry. I have no ability to keep you all, and I do not know how far we will go. Let me cut your saddles off. Roam free! Tiqr will return.”
The Empress of Beasts blessed them, and most began to gallop off. But she held one back.
“You are the finest fellow of the lot. And a good mount for Ksmvr, I think.”
The Antinium saw an animal come over. He brightened up and raised his three petting hands. And…stopped.
“What is this?”
A giant, humped, tan…thing was staring at him with a very odd face. It bared yellowed teeth and Ksmvr backed up. Nsiia eyed him.
“Never seen a camel before, have you? He’s fine, for all they worked him ragged. And a better match for some of the places we might go. He’ll not want for water, either. They store it well.”
Ksmvr stared at the camel. He did not know if he liked this creature, and it did not know if it liked him, for all the camel clearly adored Nsiia.
“I…I will ride it, then. Hello, camel. I am Ksmvr. Pat, pat, p–”
He got to the third pat on the nose when the camel bared its teeth and spat on him. Saliva dripped from Ksmvr’s face. Nsiia started laughing.
“Hah! Now here’s spirit! You shall need a name, just like Chance.”
She patted the mare’s flank. She regarded the camel.
“Spitty.”
“I will not ride this thing. Domehead can carry me.”
“Oh, no. You must ride Spitty, Ksmvr.”
The Empress of Beasts had a twinkle in her eyes. Ksmvr stared at Spitty. He found himself riding the humpy, lumpy camel as it followed Nsiia, a little tent of cloth over his head to protect him from the sun’s glare.
He hated Spitty. Off the two rode, seeking Nsiia’s army. To challenge the greatest slaver-nation in the entire world for a comrade, a friend, a teammate.
 
—-
 
Such terrible wars. Why did they have to keep fighting them? The answer was that, sometimes, history told that conflicts arose due to need, hostilities between similar peoples over finite resources or belief. Yet it did not have to be this way.
War created advancement. War also caused death and suffering on vast scales. War…was not necessary.
Why did we fight, then? Every officer like Paethex learned of previous wars and why they had ended. How peace could reign.
Conflict was not endemic to the mortal condition. At one point, entire civilizations and peoples had stopped fighting and agreed that there was no zero-sum equation. Everyone could live on an elevated level, rather than claw and fight each other to the top.
It may seem small. Perhaps it was. Yet they had done it for a hundred and eight years. A hundred and eight years of peace, out of war that each species had lived through. Complete, thorough, alliance-wide.
Then, like all stories that told such things, came Oelt-Vaar. A foreign empire who considered that peace was an option. But not a necessary one.
“Commander. Eighty six and counting. More flashing in.”
Commander Paethex was, of course, a translation. As close as she’d been able to approximate it for the stranger who called herself Ryoka Griffin, the Wind Runner of Reizmelt. ‘Commander’ was a translation, too, but a good one. Real-time translation was nothing to even blink at, of course.
