8.43
Page 17
Nsiia’s head turned as the [Bandits] began to ride forwards, aiming bows to end this without danger to themselves.
“Domehead. Do you worry for me?”
“It is sensible. He guards you, not me.”
Ksmvr answered for the Golem. A light flashed in Domehead’s head. Thoughtfully, Nsiia looked at it. Then she beamed and smiled. She touched his arm since his shoulder was far too high.
“Ah, then. If I am to teach you anything, let it be war and respite. This is a lesson for war, today. These scum are a threat to small bands, to the innocent. Yet when it comes to battle…”
“They have horses. They have bows and outnumber you.”
Nsiia laughed. She hadn’t even taken his Forceshield.
“A single warrior can scatter fifty times her number! I have seen it done. Watch!”
With that, she kicked her mare into a gallop. Straight at the [Bandits].
At first, they laughed. Fast as she was, she was still far distant and they did have bows, and levels enough. They formed a loose line, joking about who would hit her.
“Don’t kill her! That’s a fine prize!”
One laughed. The Garuda was circling, warily, as the first shots began to range out, bow, crossbow, slings.
Most went wide. It was a single figure, riding on them, sword drawn, galloping. A few were enhanced, though. Nsiia spun her sword, a cavalryman’s sabre, and slashed down an arrow. She turned the mare and avoided a second projectile. On she came.
The [Bandits] frowned. They loosed a second volley. This time, without the benefit of Skills, most went wide again. She was riding at them fast.
“Enough. [Perpendicular Shot]!”
A [Bandit] aimed an arrow wide of Nsiia, but as it flashed past her, it suddenly turned at a ninety-degree angle and shot straight at her.
She leaned out of the saddle. Now, the [Bandits] were turning.
“Break up! Break up and surround her!”
They still hadn’t even met. Ksmvr, watching, saw Nsiia riding at the [Bandits] as they began to realize something. She was literally cutting arrows out of the air, and her speed…she could run down any single one of them on horseback.
Not a problem if they killed her, of course. But what if she killed them? Now, the woman was riding faster. She swung her sword, and he heard a shout.
“As I am sovereign of these lands, you shall all die! Know me! I am Nsiia of Tiqr! Nsiia Oliphant! [Empress of Beasts]!”
Silence. Then a shout of horror. The Garuda turned, and Nsiia whirled. She brought up the shortbow she had taken from Ksmvr, aimed, and loosed.
A figure dropped out of the skies. The [Bandits] watched their leader fall, and wavered. She rode at twenty, and their nerve broke. They began to scatter. One, seeing her come at him, turned, and raised his own blade.
Nsiia swept past him as her sword flashed. [Elephant’s Strength]. [Cat’s Grace]. She had fought on battlefields against armies.
She ran them down, one after another, catching them and dispensing a quick justice. Ksmvr watched her check the bodies with distaste, whistling to the mounts. They trotted over and joined her as she returned.
“That is impressive.”
“They weren’t worth the effort. Nor will they trouble this well. I won’t waste time on money or arms. But here. We have a solution, of sorts.”
She helped Domehead put Ksmvr down. The Antinium could stand, but he was mostly embarrassed by his weakness.
“I will be able to run by nightfall, Nsiia.”
“We have no time for that, Ksmvr. You will ride. Here. With a pole, and some cloth, we can make an umbrella of sorts. Use it to cover yourself and we will make sure you stay cool.”
“Ride?”
Ksmvr brightened up a bit. Nsiia smiled.
