8.43
Page 15
Domehead’s crystals whirled as he carefully held Ksmvr, the dangerous Antinium, weak as a lamb in his hands. If the Golem thought…Nsiia put a hand on his arm.
“You see? We two laid you low, Domehead. He, of necessity. I, of cruelty. But we are allies. Protect him, I ask you.”
The Golem did nothing. Nsiia stared up at him, anxiously. Ksmvr, head lolling, indeed unable to move, had an insight.
“You. Domehead.”
The Golem adjusted its posture. Ksmvr whispered.
“You nod when someone asks you for something like this. It is a sign of affirmation, and expected.”
The Golem paused. Then Nsiia saw it try to nod at her. Her eyes went wide. Ksmvr smiled. Nsiia’s head turned to him.
“How did you…?”
“I had to be told too.”
 
—-
 
Onwards, and this time with a pressing concern as the trio moved. Nsiia rode ahead, head high, on a swivel. From what the delirious Ksmvr saw, it was not good.
So flat. The horizon turned to wavy lines in the distance. They were passing through a true desert terrain and it seemed to Ksmvr nothing could survive here. That anything did was because they were so small they could survive off the barest hints of moisture–or they had magic in them.
“Sand Worms will be our only true threat, I think. This is not part of Zeikhal in truth; just a place sands reclaimed. Yet there will be wells.”
“Wells. Where does the water come from?”
“From mountains. It runs down. Or groundwater from whenever it rains, deep basins. Or simply…up.”
“That is not how water works.”
“Then you have not seen all wells, friend! And it may seem deserted to you, but any traveller knows there are wells on their journey. I think…if I recall correctly…aha!”
She spotted a well at last, though Ksmvr had no earthly idea how. Experience; Nsiia pointed, and they headed down the barest hint of a road, packed from use compared to the dust around them. The very earth was cracked, but as promised, there was a well.
Just a circle of tightly-packed stones, into which you could hurl a bucket or waterskin and use the rope to draw it up. Nsiia was doing just that.
“Water for your rations, cooling for you. We must travel at night and find a way to remedy your weakness, Ksmvr.”
The mud had baked dry already in the heat. The Antinium was still weak as she applied more water and fed Yinah some. It was not good water, but it was there.
“I did not expect this. I have never been away from Izril.”
“Ah, well…when we reach my people, we sh–”
Nsiia broke off, because there was a scream from above. Then, without warning, a stone struck the earth near them and a shape circled overhead.
“That is my well!”
Ksmvr tried to pull for his blade, but he couldn’t. Domehead moved–but Nsiia held up a hand.
“Domehead, stop! Hey there, well’s guardian! We did not see a sign!”
A Garuda landed, far enough away to be well out of danger, a sling in one hand, a simple spear in the other.
What was this? Ksmvr saw the Garuda eye him, but he must have seemed a ball of mud. Domehead and Nsiia he was far more wary of.
“What’s this? Are you travellers or nobility, to have a Golem bodyguard? What’s that he holds?”
“Private business, friend. I come from Illivere.”
The Garuda grunted. Ksmvr didn’t see his dress, but it must have been light to let him fly around.
“That’s clear. This is my well.”
“And I did not see the sign. Was there a bowl? I would have left the fee if I had seen it. You come to anger too fast, guardian.”
“Hmph. Well, it must have been blown away, though it was secured! The fee is four silver. More, with all the water you’ve taken.”
