8.43
Page 8
Even I wouldn’t authorize that, even if someone knifed me personally. There’s more than just vengeance and tradition here. The Titan began to tug on a string, but he had far fewer.
When the Antinium did speak, he was calm, for he liked and disliked Niers, but he knew the Titan was still the Titan. Even so, he murmured.
“I do not see why you wanted to meet Erin. I do not think she would like you.”
Niers Astoragon froze in his hat.
“Why not? She’s a brilliant chess player, and from what you’ve said, she’s done hard things and led armies. Dead gods, she challenged the Assassin’s Guild in Invrisil! She–”
He stopped then, because something strange happened. Something that made even the group talking about the incident turn. Numbtongue, Pivr, Goblins, Antinium, Humans, and more.
Bird was laughing. He laughed, like he had been taught, not like True Antinium laughed. And oh, it was free and gentle and mocking and innocent.
And sad. Niers heard him speak then.
“You do not know Erin at all. I hope you someday do.”
“…Me too, Bird. Me too.”
The world had changed in a day. A grand conspiracy had been unveiled. Big things were going to happen and now everyone sensed it, not just the Titan of Baleros.
What did you do on such days? Well, you either talked, processed it, or you kept moving. In great tragedy or triumph, what else could you do?
Perhaps…even Niers was taken completely aback by what came next.
“So, [Shamans] are a power of spiritual magic?”
“Collective. I don’t think there’s a difference. Certainly in how they cast it, but one’s simply innate, which is why you can suppress it. The other’s shared. I’m not a [Scholar], but I know enough to know how to foil both.”
“Intriguing. But how do [Shamans] get magic?”
Niers shrugged.
“Ask Ulvama.”
Bird went over and plucked at Ulvama’s arm. The snoozing Hobgoblin jerked, raised her staff, and relaxed only fractionally.
“Oh, you. Bird. What? Trouble?”
She peered at the Gnolls, unconcerned with Gnoll drama. Bird shook his head.
“How do [Shamans] get power, please?”
Ulvama peered at him as if doubting this was a real question. Then she shrugged.
“All Goblins have power. Not just magic bzzt.”
She flicked her fingers, and tapped her chest.
“Power. Because we are united. Tiny bit, lots–usually tiny. [Shamans] gather. [Shamans] have power from old things too.”
She saw Bird’s blank expression, and Fierre’s, who had come over for a history lesson. So Ulvama sighed, and switched into a suddenly more advanced diatribe.
“There is magic in many things. Magic in tradition. Magic in ideas. If you take a boring rock, and put it in a special place for a long time, it is powerful. Not to [Mages] unless the special place is mana zone, because [Mages] only see one thing. But [Shamans] see the value. [Shamans] take it. So our magic does not do what [Mages] do because it is not the same magic. Understand?”
“Oooh. Yes. So even non-[Mages] can…”
“Yes, yes. I go back to sleep now. Okay?”
Ulvama was turning over and Niers was chortling. He was going to borrow that for his lecture on [Shamans]. It was a nice little way of explaining it. What Ulvama didn’t say was that the same held true. Cut off a [Mage]’s magic and they had none. That was simple; anti-magic fields, or Skills, although a truly extraordinary [Mage] could punch through it.
To beat a [Shaman], you could have a harder time or easier. Like a [Wizard], if the staff mattered, hit the staff. If a tribe’s will mattered, shake it.
