8.43
Page 35
The ghosts were talking, conveying news, how they had held off the six with weapons that remained in death. Also, events of note.
“We come from Ailendamus, where they make war on the Dawn Concordat. A waste of time–but something happened. For a second, I swear I smelled grass and felt the wind on my face. It certainly frightened the six. It was centered in Ailendamus, in the castle.”
“Where? I have never heard of this nation.”
“Brand new. It’s swept each nation aside, and there’s a reason for that. If I could but warn my kingdom…”
“Silence. Enough petty talk!”
Xarkouth bellowed and offended ghosts looked up at the Void Dragonlord. Yet he opened one wing and revealed a final ghost.
“That you have a name for the foes who assail us–I brought the news from Baleros, and there are kin there who want to speak with you. Great ghosts, Erin Solstice. However. There is news of even greater import here. They were not sure whether to tell me, these petty arguers. Seeing one of the six convinced them. Tell them what you know, [Knight].”
A single figure, far less grand than the other ghosts present, but still shining with some measure of her soul, stepped forwards and bowed. She was wide-eyed, with that look of Cawe’s, that of someone recently dead, taking it all in. She looked at Erin, then addressed the others, humbly, sinking to one knee.
“I am Dame Eclizza of Ailendamus. Great Knight, and newly fallen to the Death of Magic.”
Some of the ghosts stirred. Others muttered, ‘who’?
“Our sympathies for your death, but the Death of Chains, even the Death of Magic are not the threats that concern us. Perhaps what they hold back…but we know not details.”
It was the Rebel of String, Elucina, who called down. Dame Eclizza nodded.
“Yes, great ghosts. In this time and place, loyalty and bonds of the living fall away. I understand that now, but when the great Dragonlord came, I realized there was some knowledge I had that might aid even the greatest of you. I…heard of the girl who was not yet dead. No–I heard that a muster was being taken, to fight these six…things. There is more than resistance to be put up. There is a way to fight back.”
She clenched a fist. Khelta raised her brows.
“If you mean a weapon of Ailendamus we can bring to this world…”
“No, great Majesty. I mean something else entirely. I am privy to a bit of knowledge about my great Kingdom, but far less than those…directly involved. Yet I knew enough. So when Great Xarkouth came, I journeyed to persuade one who could tell you all.”
“Thus, she came here. Listen, you arrogant fools of Chandrar. Listen.”
Xarkouth’s head rose. The Great Knight Eclizza’s eyes burned.
“I died escorting one called the Wind Runner of Reizmelt to Ailendamus. She was a curious woman. A ‘thief’, or so the Duke Rhisveri of Ailendamus claimed. She had tried to steal a certain object, of whose worth even I was not aware until recently. His great treasure.”
Erin Solstice choked. She knew–? But Eclizza wasn’t done.
“No one living knows, save the Duke, who is, in fact, in control of Ailendamus. Who is…not a mortal man. I did not know this. He has an object of such worth that my death was a pittance to it, in his eyes! And I cannot help but agree! I tell you this now, as it is heard among Terandria. Yet Terandria has no agents in the mortal realm.”
“What is this Duke? Not a mortal man?”
Xarkouth’s eyes glittered in dour amusement, and the ghosts of dead rulers looked offended. Yet for answer, Dame Eclizza only turned.
“I did not know the answer, milady ghosts, Miss Solstice. I only knew who to ask.”
