8.43
Page 26
“I thought you said you were good at this paddling thing.”
Resk muttered after a moment of silence. Luan didn’t even correct him. He slowly, gingerly put his paddle into the water.
“No one told me this thing auto-corrects itself. This…this might be overengineered.”
“I’m going to complain when I get back.”
One of the Tallguard agreed. Gingerly, Luan pushed and the scull shot forwards. Noa gasped.
“It’s so fast!”
“Too fast! I’m about to launch us with every stroke!”
Luan agreed. He was actually way too strong and the scull was like a wild animal, threatening to shoot out of the water if he put any strength into it. Nevertheless–a wild grin was on his face. He began to adjust, pushing lightly, and the scull shot forwards. Luan thought he passed an imaginary Luan in his head. The other man took one look at the Luan in his enchanted boat, shooting past him as he labored with all his best Skills working.
This is amazing. Wild, in need of adjustment, but–Luan caught himself as he laughed.
“Think we can install a cabin or something?”
Resk was muttering as he surveyed the scull for a place to sit besides Luan’s shoulders. Maybe they could? The only other place was in the waterskirt, but he really didn’t want to sit in a confined space next to Luan’s groin. He settled for another anchoring spell.
Yet the Giant was laughing. He cast about, and then recalled he’d lost a lot of his gear.
“Noa, can you get out your compass and your map? We need to head south, along the coast.”
The Fraerlings did have a good map of the region. Luan turned, and began to shoot into deeper waters.
“First stop! Talenqual!”
He smiled, then tried to temper the joy in his heart as he recalled Paeth’s plight. His friends.
They had work to do. Even so, he felt that indescribable sense of adventure in his heart. Magic. This was what he’d wanted, the moment he appeared.
 
—-
 
There was a joy to magic. Yes, like all things, if you made it your profession, if you took it in the context of politics and work, it lost its charm.
Yet it was still magic. Point at something, cast a spell, and you could levitate an object, or shoot fire from your palms or…
The problem was how hard it was to memorize, redeploy the magic in exactly the right way, and strain. One component of magic as [Mages] did it was to have absolute focus in your mind, like holding an entire calculus equation and understanding it while recreating it.
So no wonder the Earthers who came to Wistram couldn’t get into it as fast as they wanted. No ‘swish and flick’ for them.
“Well, you can do that. Sort of. If you’re a [Wizard], you can rely on enchanted gear. That makes sense, doesn’t it? It’s just not [Mage]-magic.”
“In that case, I want to be a fucking [Wizard], Harry. Not a [Mage]. How about a [Sorcerer]?”
“Uh…they’ll laugh at you. And it’s just as hard. Only, instead of knowing spells, you just think so hard–”
“Gaaaaah!”
Flynn tossed the spellbook to one side and buried his face in his hands. Instantly, Pokey, the Needlehound, nosed up to him and licked his arm. He gently petted her on the head as Elena rubbed at her face.
“It’s really unpleasant, Aaron. My head feels like it’s going to explode. How does Troy do it?”
Aaron Vanwell, or Blackmage, shrugged. He was a bit envious of Troy, to be honest.
“Someone taught him really well. He said he also saw combat, so I think he has, y’know, perspective?”
“I’ve seen combat. I still can’t ‘hold the magic’ in my head. What if I got a wand and just cast magic like that?”
“You can do that. But someone’s got to charge it up.”
“That’s what I’ll do. Sorry, I need to take a walk.”
