8.43
Page 10
Apista, the undisputed grandmistress of chess in the bee world, buzzed lazily past Bird. She had, in fact, demonstrably won a game against Mrsha one time. It took nearly two hours as the two wandered away from the chess board–well, Mrsha did. Apista kept having to figure out how to correctly attack with knights.
…But she did win. Niers sat in Bird’s hat, murmuring chess notation. It did not go unnoticed, of course.
“Bird. Are you playing a chess game against yourself?”
Fals couldn’t help but ask. Bird stopped muttering his moves, and hesitated.
“No? Yes. I am lying.”
The City Runner took it at face value, but Fierre almost went cross-eyed trying to work out…Fals grinned.
“We can play an actual game of chess, if you want. I have a board. From Erin’s inn. I bought it back in the day. It might be worth something, right?”
Some of the Gnolls looked over as Fals hopped onto the wagon and Bird climbed onto it.
“I would like to play games of chess.”
“Well, take it easy on me. I’ve seen the chess players in The Wandering Inn. I can let you finish your game.”
“Do not worry, Fals. It was only in my head. And I was winning.”
Someone kicked Bird’s antennae and he winced and slapped his hat. Fals didn’t notice.
“Anyone else play chess?”
Even the angry [Hunters] looked up. Fals was friendly enough to get a response from the growling Gnolls.
“Chess? We’ve heard of it. Some people in our tribe have a chess board. All they do is play the game. I had to hunt with one of them, once. Idiot watched a Corusdeer walk right by him because he was thinking of the next move.”
“I’m not bad at chess.”
Fierre offered. Numbtongue just rolled his eyes, but even Badarrow had been taught. And of course, the Antinium knew the game. It was Ulvama, of all people, who yawned.
“Silly game. I am good at games. You show me, I win.”
Her instant confidence made Bird’s head slowly turn. Niers whispered in Bird’s hat.
“Let her win two games. Then crush her.”
For once, both Antinium and Fraerling were in complete agreement. So Niers sat, watching, playing off games with Bird. It was amazing, but he actually did it. The Titan actually had to peek under a crack in his hat as Fals spluttered.
“Poke me with needles, it actually looks like a bird. Sort of.”
Chess and drama. Numbtongue listened sympathetically to a species who had gotten the quintessential Goblin experience for the first time in living memory. Ulvama began losing rapidly, for all the [Shaman] was, in fact, the best player in the Mountain City tribe, and started throwing fits.
Grass Shell just lay down. The thing about Antinium was that they had no true class. [Butcher], [Digger], [Warrior]–all usually below Level 5, let alone Level 10.
[Shaman], now? He’d never even dreamed of being a [Shaman]. What did a [Shaman] do? He must be, though. Bird was a [Liar], but he didn’t lie. The power of grass is in me? The little Antinium lay on his shelled back and lazily waved his arms and legs as he stared up at the sky.
 
[Shaman Level 1!]
[Skill – Ambient Focus: Grass obtained!]
[Spell – Razorgrass Patch obtained!]
 
—-
 
Some people who didn’t know all about the betrayal of Gnolls, the drama at the Meeting of Tribes, actually covered a lot of ground.
Ksmvr of the Horns of Hammerad ran across the ground, in the kind of run the Antinium could keep up forever. Only, faster because he had the Ring of Jumping that let him easily leap over obstacles, and his [Brave Skirmisher] class.
