8.43
Page 13
So passed their first hours in flight. As the sun rose, it got hotter, and hotter, and hotter.
Ksmvr knew this, of course, but he found it displeasurable the more it baked his brown-black carapace. Nsiia was used to it. Domehead didn’t care. Ksmvr did not slow, but he emptied the first water flask that would have lasted him half a day on Izril.
“The heat is a disadvantageous foe.”
He confided to Nsiia as they slowed. She nodded.
“What manner of provisions have you? I didn’t have much to take, although I had a bag in case I did ever manage to flee…”
“I have ample food and supplies. Observe. Rations.”
He had bought nearly twenty pounds of dried rations, a staple across Adventurer’s Guilds and one of the things they sold. These were, of course, a local variety used by Illivere’s folk, so it was a kind of Yellat-paste mixed with nuts, dried jerky, then sun-dried and compiled into bars or even cubes.
Nsiia’s look of disgust said it all. Yinah sniffed a bit of a bar and tried to hawk a hairball up.
“I shall hunt, if we have time to slow. Or on the ride.”
“Will your horse tire? If we must slow…”
Ksmvr was aware horses needed such things. Nsiia laughed and patted the brave mare who tossed her head and actually reared slightly as if she understood everything.
“She rides in the company of the Empress of Beasts! A finer horse you will not find even in Jecrass! And this is a woman who was born for battle and adventure. I will only give her the strength for it!”
“Ah. Enhancement Skills. Very nice.”
Nsiia lost some of her smile. She frowned at Ksmvr.
“You are a bit too practical for my tastes, Ksmvr. Have you no sense of drama?”
“I have attended many plays, thank you.”
Ksmvr carefully topped up his water supplies. He had a lot of water, but he still felt unpleasant, so he drank more. Nsiia saw, and nodded.
“I know how to find wells. We shall stop and perhaps purchase more supplies. It is hard to disguise you, but at a distance with a cloak? It can be done. No doubt we are being scried.”
She snapped her fingers with vexation.
“Femithain gifted me with a ring to hide my presence! A standard thing. But you do not have one, do you?”
“No.”
“Nor does Yinah. Or Domehead. Well, I shall simply have to try to ruin any [Scrying] spells myself. Let me simply…”
She frowned mightily, and Ksmvr felt the air change. He felt his heart beat a bit faster, and Yinah yowled.
“What are you doing?”
“Using my aura to block spells. I dislike it, and it will tire me out. Grr…there.”
She shook herself, as if shedding something on her back. Ksmvr was mightily impressed.
“Auras seem very convenient.”
“They are. I myself trust a blade more than an aura, though. Enough talk. If you have one, perhaps I shall teach you as we run? I do not have the means to unearth it, though. Onwards!”
They headed off. Ksmvr ran, but something began to happen after only twenty six minutes. He began to…slow. Domehead moved up a pace, and Nsiia glanced at him.
“Is something wrong?”
“I do not feel good. This is a distasteful heat.”
“A potion, perhaps…?”
Ksmvr sipped a stamina potion, and felt the jolt of energy, but he still felt bad. He sped up anyways, but Nsiia watched him, frowning.
After only six minutes, Ksmvr went for his water again and drank a lot. Nsiia cautioned him.
“Too much will slow you down.”
Ksmvr splashed some on his body.
“I am not a fool. Do not lecture me, Empress.”
She blinked once. The Antinium had a snappish tone to his voice. After only three more minutes, he slowed further, stumbling.
“Ksmvr! What is wrong?”
“I do not feel good. It is hot.”
