8.43
Page 32
Out on the sands, a Queen of Nerrhavia’s Fallen seized a newly-appeared [Bandit] and shook him until he answered her. She relaxed.
“Still the same day!”
Nerrhavia’s own shade rolled her eyes at Queen Merindue.
Silly ghosts. Silly…sad ghosts, working together. Erin was aware of a great event taking place with Khelt’s rulers. They tried to keep it secret, but everyone could see the magical thingamabobby they were working on.
However, she had different goals and a job to do. Erin’s head was packed with revelations of the dead and she feared she’d forget some things. Unimportant things, like Potions of Youth, as opposed to Gerial’s last words, of course.
It was as she sat, though, that a few more ghosts introduced themselves to her. The [Witches] were aware even Erin’s ghost had limits to the knowledge she could cram into her mind. They were cutting out that portion of her learning.
“Just in case her head were to explode upon returning to her body.”
Somillune remarked. Erin Solstice hesitated.
“Hah. That’s a joke, right?”
“Most likely.”
However, one ghost did come up the steps, hobbling, frowning up at her. Erin Solstice, in the midst of asking Cawe about her family, anyone to talk to, hesitated.
“Who’s this? Someone else to help out the Khelt-people?”
Queen Khelta herself frowned down as she floated past, but shook her head.
“Not ours. Is yon figure a guest, Witch Califor?”
The Witch peered down. Her eyes blinked twice, and she looked past Khelta, sharply.
A gigantic [Witch] of tree and earth nodded.
“I HAVE FOUND HIM, THOUGH IT TOOK A DOING TO CONVINCE HIM TO COME.”
The ghost walking up the stairs winced, and put two fingers in his ears. Khelta blinked, and the ghosts stirred.
“Who’s that?”
A [Vision of the Desert] nudged the [Archmage of Grasses], the Gnoll who was really unhappy to hear about what those damn Drakes had done to her people. The Gnoll stroked her chin.
“I…don’t know. Perhaps he is not as important?”
On the contrary. The older ghosts had no idea, even the ones who had been [Legends]–literally–in their era. Yet all the hip, trendy new ghosts knew.
“I didn’t even think to–Califor, you sent for him?”
The Witch nodded at the recently dead. Her eyes lit on an older man, balding, grumpily stomping up the stairs and looking around. That he was old, was a meaning. Some ghosts looked like they had at the prime of their life. However they chose.
But this man clearly believed how I died is how I damn well died. He had his eyes on Erin, recognizing her as halfway between life and death as all ghosts could.
“So this is the young woman you hauled me all the way here for? Well, she doesn’t look like much. And I’m to celebrate her as the ‘one true hope’, eh? Hah.”
Erin Solstice blinked as a crabby old man halted, arms folded. He wore a kind of robe, but more sensical than [Mages]. Many pockets, to hold sheafs of paper–there was a quill behind one ear, and two in various sleeves. He had ink stains on one arm, a sign his ghost was more powerful, and remembered such details.
Personality. He peered down his glasses at her.
“Um. Hello. Who are you?”
“Annoyed, miss. Annoyed that even when I’m dead, I don’t have time to work and sit alone in peace. Annoyed that you don’t have the courtesy to stand up and introduce yourself despite me coming all this way.”
Erin Solstice blinked. Then she slowly rose. She had the conflicting desire to poke fun at this old man, and to apologize.
“I’m sorry. Sort of. Uh, I’m Erin Solstice. Who are you?”
She offered him a hand. He took it, briskly, and shook it.
