8.43
Page 31
The misconception was about enemies. Who were their enemies? Wistram? Drakes? Dead things?
You were against some people by accident, or because you had a side. Not because they were evil. Some of them might be misguided, or simply stubborn or…
They were not all against you. Grand Magus Eldavin was so busy as he worked. Nevertheless, he had time to realize a young man’s dream, and that was how he saw it. Armored [Mages], flying around?
Sometimes you needed them. After all…he paused and thought about it.
House Veltras, backed by the Five Families, was sailing into conflict against Ailendamus. Ryoka Griffin was missing, spirited away by a superi–by a competent spellcaster. He could put two and two together.
That girl is under my protection. The half-Elf hummed. He had felt like he’d woken up. He had indeed had a revelation of sorts. But he was still T–Eldavin. That girl is under my protection.
How dare you? Whoever you are–and children? He had told Valeterisa to look into that little child’s disappearance on her way south. Too long had Wistram allowed things like Fissival’s actions to go unchecked.
There could be a better world. He knew it. Not Earth. A better world. He felt like he had seen it, before. Time now again.
 
—-
 
Who are your enemies? Who, in this wide world, are your foes?
Only a fool said they had no foes. That was a thoughtless, incredibly stupid statement. Understandable, hyperbolic, but consider this: to say you had ‘no enemies’ and you got along with everyone was to turn a blind eye to injustice.
You weren’t opposed to the act of keeping slaves? If you had no enemies, you stayed away from politics or world-events, you didn’t get to pretend terrible atrocities didn’t happen. You just stated, by inaction, you didn’t really care.
Erin Solstice had enemies. She also had great friends. Even now, though, even in death, she had taken a stand.
“Slaves are bad. No, wait. Slavery is bad. Yup. Yup.”
It might be a hard pill to swallow, but someone had to say it. And shove it down every throat, if need be. That was why some of them loved her.
The ghosts of Roshal and their like watched, narrow-eyed, thin lipped, and poor of soul. The ‘best’ of them weren’t even here, but those who were just petty enough not to sink into Riqre’s depths had no voice that Erin wanted to hear.
She sat amongst friends and companions, dead though they might be. She listened and learned and laughed.
“Gerial. Was that what Ceria was like? She’s so…different now.”
“Ah, well. That’s how we knew her. She was in a slump. So were we, in a way. Calruz was always sort of bull-headed, but he really got into trouble when he first came to Izril. He thought they’d make him Gold-rank in a month.”
“That’s Calruz…I need to see him. What should I…I say?”
The man thought. He shook his head, but not for lack of words.
You got one chance, ever. Which was terrifying because everyone forgot it, until it was too late and they were reminded. But if you got two…
“Tell that bull-headed idiot. Tell him…tell him I said…”
He leaned over and whispered. The [Innkeeper] listened. And promised to remember.
“I’ll tell him, I promise. And–and has anyone found anyone else who knows someone I know? I don’t think Mrsha’s parents are here, or…her tribe. Maybe there are some ghosts still coming?”
“If there are any, we will find them.”
Calmly, Califor replied. Erin nodded. Now was time to rest. They would go back to studying soon, but she had a day off. A day, measured by the dead.
“What day is it today? Is it the fourteenth or fifteenth?”
