8.43
Page 33
“Architect Drevish, formerly of Reim. At your service, miss.”
Below her, ghosts turned. The old ones had no idea what all the fuss was. But Cawe went wide-eyed, as did Gerial. Even Reim’s former king, or rather, grandfather of Flos, raised his head.
“Drevish. Drevish. Hold on. I sort of know that name. Drevish…”
Erin rubbed her chin with genuine puzzlement. The [Architect] snorted. Gerial whispered.
“Erin! This is Drevish, the Architect! One of the King of Destruction’s Seven!”
Erin Solstice’s eyes widened. Below her, every [Architect], [Builder of Fables], and similarly-classed ghost looked up in deep offense. Yet the greatest [Architect] of his time had an ego to match.
“I can see they still remember me. And I’m told you own an inn of your own, Erin Solstice.”
“Yes. Um–wow. So you’re the guy who went around with that jerk? I mean–the King of Destruction?”
Erin was conflicted since she didn’t hear nice things about Flos. Drevish’s mouth quirked.
“‘That jerk?’ Hah. I can see you’re worth the travel, if only to get rid of that annoying witch.”
He nodded at the [Witch] who’d come to find him. Then he peered at Erin.
“With that said, refrain from insulting him in my presence, young woman.”
“But he’s a warmongering guy who…”
“He is the King of Destruction, and you do not know him, clearly. There is a reason I served him, and if you are at all polite, I ask you to be polite. Know him before you mock him, because the tales told about Flos Reimarch range from truth exaggerated to falsehood completely. And I do not build walls out of lies.”
He had a little cane, and waved it slightly before tapping it on the ground. Erin Solstice blinked at Drevish.
“I…sorry.”
The ghosts around her were impressed. This [Architect] had done more than some royalty, including Nerrhavia, who had stormed away from Erin twice while telling her tales. Perhaps it was because Drevish was not royalty. He nodded at her.
“There is much to talk about. I am told you might need help upon living, if such a thing can be done. And perhaps you need information about my [King]. Indeed, there are things I could tell you that would…persuade him to act.”
He glanced, troubled, around this vast gathering. Califor’s eyes were on Drevish’s face. The Architect shook his head.
“I do not know if that is appropriate. I do not know if it is wise for the dead to haunt the living. And he is haunted, that fool. If Queravia were here, I would let her decide. Or…Tottenval. But I am told Tottenval might not be here, if he was lost at sea. As for Queravia…I cannot find her. Perhaps she lies on Baleros.”
“Likely so.”
Califor muttered. Drevish shook his head.
“I had hoped to meet them in time, and we had forever to reunite. But I simply sat and relaxed and before I knew it, a calamity was upon us. Simply obnoxious. Who designed death and life so?”
Erin smiled. He was so offended. Yet the old man fixed her with a gaze, as if she were a pet project and he was wondering if she was worth the effort.
“Well, I shall take stock of the situation, as always. But before that, young miss! You will sit down, as I am old and I feel tired, even though I am dead, and tell me all about your inn. What style was it? I’m told you have inherited the [Garden of Sanctuary]. Have you unearthed its secrets? Have you designed around it? What is the style of Izrilian architecture today? Please tell me you don’t have decorative pillars or I may have to simply up and leave…”
