8.43
Page 11
Next to him rode a woman with dark skin, bright eyes, hair flying behind her. Below her, horse sped along, bearing the Empress of Tiqr, the Empress of Beasts, on its back. Other animals had more speed, more enhancements by Skill or magic or pedigree. Few had such will.
A little cat meowed on the back of the saddle, strapped in to avoid falling off. She kept staring at a giant figure, running as the lights flashed in its crystal ‘head’, carrying a huge battleaxe on one shoulder.
Domehead was the slowest of the lot, which meant that the Golem’s dead-run that never faltered, and could run down horses within an hour or two, was the benchmark by which they travelled. They did not stop travelling, the three.
They were being followed. And they had destiny to catch.
“Ksmvr. Do you know where your comrades are?”
“Yvlon is behind us, in Nerrhavia’s Fallen. However, Comrade Pisces is a captive of Roshal. I do not know where Ceria is. It is Pisces I must go to first. He will not be a [Slave].”
Nsiia’s eyes glinted.
“No indeed. Well-reasoned. Do you have a plan to catch him, though?”
Ksmvr nodded.
“I sequestered the aid of the First Crafter, among others. [Bandits] have been hired to raid Pisces’ caravan. Along with other bits of material aid. However, I will personally free Pisces if need be.”
“All by yourself? I heard tell it was a large caravan.”
Ksmvr shrugged.
“I am a Gold-rank adventurer. I will pick them off, lay traps. And I have this.”
The sword of the [Paladin] was sheathed at his side. Nsiia eyed it.
“Hyenas laugh at me, but that’s fair enough. Even a Djinni would fear that blade.”
Ksmvr nodded. He glanced at the Empress of Beasts.
“And you are headed the same way to find your army along the Kilalle Steppes. I suppose we are allies, then. It occurred to me an army might free Pisces.”
The woman smiled.
“It might, mightn’t it? But that would depend on whether we stick together.”
Ksmvr nodded. The sun rose over the borders of Illivere’s lands, as they passed out of the greenery and cliffs which had given rise to each state’s strength in stone and the cultivated lands built on Golem-labor. They headed north, for anyone wanting to hide marched along Zeikhal, the Great Desert where sand and sheer distance made it easier to elude pursuit.
“Are you sure you didn’t want to take the Golem horse?”
Nsiia asked Ksmvr after the first hour. She was busy setting herself, adjusting what she had taken, and looking at Domehead. Domehead, who had come after her, not to Femithain or anyone else when freed. Ksmvr had called her a poor mother.
Which meant he was a son? The Empress of Beasts had no idea what to say to that. If she feared anything, more than pursuit, being captured by the forces that would surely follow from all countries that feared her return and Femithain himself, she feared that Ksmvr was right even more.
Ksmvr replied steadily as he ran.
“I am a [Skirmisher], I have plentiful stamina potions, and I am Antinium. We have marched for days on end without rest. It is what we were designed to do. Moreover, as a law-abiding adventurer, stealing a Golem Horse would be considered theft of a national treasure.”
Nsiia threw her head back and laughed.
“The rest of it was not a crime? Facing down Illivere’s finest, freeing me?”
Ksmvr shrugged. He calmly munched on a dry ration bar, as he had exerted himself a bit that night.
“It is lawful refusal to be held prisoner, asserting my right to self-defense…and I did not free you.”
“Oh?”
