8.43
Page 9
He was about to explain this all to Bird, since he regarded the Antinium as something of a pet project–how high could his [Revalantor] class go? What did it do?–when Bird spoke.
“If it does not matter how much each person has, like Gnolls have [Shamans] even though there was a bad stone, does that not mean that Antinium can have [Shamans]?”
Ulvama had snuggled into a ball, facing deliberately away from Bird. Fierre saw the crimson eyes open. The Vampire girl herself sat upright, blinking.
Niers said nothing at all. Bird looked around. He nodded to himself.
Then, he walked over to the Antinium. They were milling around, the ones with names and the many with none. Of them was Infinitypear, an [Adventurer], Touma the Great, [Martial Artist], and so on.
And the Antinium with scars all over his carapace. He had no name. He had an aura. He was old.
Bird did not know his story. No one knew his story. That was fine. The Soldier had never expected anyone to tell his story. He had never had Erin sit him down individually. He had never done anything worthy of note–certainly not like these Individuals. He did not envy them. He did not hate them. If anything, he was glad they had come because things were better.
He had not even known Mrsha that well. So why was he here? Because he had seen her, scampering around once when he got to come to the inn. He had eaten a bowl of congee. Stared into a fire and seen half of a play.
And that was more than he had ever had in six years of his life. So when they called, he came.
…Bird passed right by him. The Antinium turned as Bird peered at an Antinium Worker with something interesting on its shell. Rather than just paint, it had discovered that some of the paints were also glues, so it had sprinkled dirt and grass onto its back shell, and applied what was more like a resin than glue.
Thus, Grass Shell had been created. The Worker had a little shortbow, a spear, and a buckler. He stopped still, as Bird came to him. The Individual of the Free Antinium pointed at him with all four hands.
“You. You have the power of grass and dirt on your side. Therefore, you are most worthy. You are a [Shaman].”
Grass Shell’s antennae waved frantically. A [Shaman]? Him? He peered down at his chest. Bird nodded.
“You have the magic of the Free Antinium. Yay. Xrn will be happy! Or not? Someone tore her head off. Part of it.”
He hopped away, humming to himself. Ulvama stared at Grass Shell. Xeu, Pivr, looked at each other in dead silence.
Niers Astoragon sat there, and came to a slow realization. Of course, he had known it, but he gave voice to it in full.
“You are exceptionally dangerous, Bird.”
The [Bird Hunter] tilted his head.
“Me? I am just a silly Bird. You must be mistaken.”
The Titan rubbed at his chin, smiling. He thought for a while, then mused aloud.
“I wonder…no, I don’t have a copy of a chessboard. And Tallfolk’s are way too damn big. A pity. You told me you played chess, once. If only–”
“Pawn to F4.”
Bird happily spoke. The Titan blinked. He paused for a long moment. Then replied.
“Pawn to E5.”
“Pawn takes E5. My bird is appearing.”
Bird happily clapped two of his hands together. The Titan blinked, in the silence of his hat.
“Erin Solstice taught you how to play chess with numbers?”
“Of course. Every Antinium can do it if they learn. Chess does not need a board. Silly. Even Apista can play chess with a board.”
