8.43
Page 34
Erin stuttered. Suddenly, she was faced with the greatest challenge of her death. Which was explaining why she had separated outhouses, a weird Bird-tower, and the particulars of her inn to an [Architect] who had opinions on how stupid each part was.
“So you have a pointless hallway filled with obvious traps that everyone must proceed down and waste precious seconds of their life? A hallway that did not, in fact, save your life when you were shot by crossbows?”
“W–buh–when you say it like that it sounds stupid. But it works! I think!”
Drevish looked pained beyond belief. He was already making Erin sketch since only she could create in the world of the dead.
“If I tell you anything, you will swear to me to completely rework this abomination. It sounds like these Antinium are good [Builders]–I should have liked to meet them and studied their design. But the style? Did a [Princess] of Terandria decide to make this rubbish?”
“Now that you mention it…”
Oh, a great meeting. Oh, the dead who mattered in conjunction with the living. Erin and Drevish were arguing about Bird’s tower, but he took her by surprise, as the Giant standing sentry on Chandrar’s shores with the umbrella raised his head and called an alarm.
“No, no. If you’re going to do a watchtower, miss, you build the inn around it. See here! A central tower, three times as tall! Put Liscor’s walls to shame and mount a ballista on top.”
“…Are you sure you’re an [Architect]? Bird would love you.”
The old man smiled.
“Miss Erin Solstice. What is the point of being generic? Buildings should be perfect for their intent. They should also be grand when they need to be. Impressive! Eye-catching! Worth building. They should protect, and inspire, and make people laugh.”
She looked at him, and liked him. And wished he weren’t here to meet her, because Drevish the Architect was alright.
Then she heard the hubbub, the call to arms. That copy of the sword in the stone rose, and Erin saw all heads turn. Something was coming. Something was…
No, it wasn’t an attack.
Not yet.
Not…
Yet.
 
—-
 
It was in fact, a familiar ghost who came. Well, one of them was familiar.
“Xarkouth!”
The Void Dragonlord rested his wings, panting. He rasped as he landed in front of Khelt’s palace.
“Greetings, undead rulers.”
“Dragon.”
Khelta inclined her head a fraction of a millimeter at him. The two traded barbs, but weakly. Xarkouth shook his head.
“We barely escaped them. But not for Terandria’s ghosts in the south sallying forth–and they seemed distracted, from the presence as well as something that drew three north–even so, we barely made it.”
He had passengers. Ghosts who landed, calling out greetings. Erin, peeking down at Xarkouth and waving, heard a shout.
“Glorious Calanfer be with you!”
“Oh, dead gods. Terandrians.”
One of the ghosts muttered. Erin just smiled and laughed. For no less than a [King] and [Queen] had come on Xarkouth’s back! And more!
“It amazes us! We thought only Baleros yet lived, but here we see sunlight and a sword to match any relic we battle the foes with! Greetings, queen of…”
The [King] did a double-take at Khelta’s clear [Necromancer] origins, but the [Queen] shoved him aside.
“From Noelictus to you, I bear words of hope and support, kin.”
“Ah. Then you are well met indeed, cousin! How fares Terandria?”
Khelta kissed the cheek of the Noelictus [Queen] with delight. Xarkouth nodded at Erin.
“Mortal girl. Have they not brought you back, yet?”
“Not yet. Hey, Xark.”
The Dragonlord gave her a look. Erin grinned. Drevish harumphed quietly, taking it all in.
