8.43
Page 4
“Gnolls are not the group sending forces north each year to slap hands with Human armies, Lyonette. Nor would the Walled Cities, ah, see a non-aggression pact between Humans and Gnolls any more favorably than between Antinium and Gnolls. Finally? Yes, I could probably arrange a huge patch of land to be given, or at least free access to the north. If I drank a Potion of Dunce, I would do just that.”
Why? But of course, Lyonette was too intelligent to ask that. She thought about it and came to the conclusion in two sips of sweet tea.
“…Ah. Conflicts.”
“Exactly. The worst thing I could do for Human-Gnoll relations is to let them be our neighbors. Can you imagine the first time a [Lord] or [Lady] decides one of them has stolen something?”
Magnolia sighed. You took matters one step at a time. But–she had to admit, as she scowled at the commentary…
“…Even my family wouldn’t enact a scheme as ludicrously unpleasant as this.”
It was hyperbole, because Ressa snorted again, but it just went to show that Magnolia Reinhart had more to learn.
Lyonette went to sip more tea, but it was hard. The [Princess] looked up from her cup. She tried to speak, coughed, and lifted her tea cup.
“I fear…with great apologies, Lady Reinhart, I might request a different cup? Mine is rather too sweet for my liking.”
Magnolia eyed Lyonette as Ressa, smirking, offered her a cup without Magnolia’s usual dose of sugar. She rolled her eyes. Fine, you were right. She’d add less sugar. Maybe.
Lyonette tried to wash the sugar dissolving the enamel of her teeth away with some of the rather fine tea. She looked at Magnolia, and the [Lady] murmured.
“We do have much to talk about, Miss Marquin. Too many issues cropping up of late. Even one is a headache. The Titan of Baleros is apparently running around Izril with every [Bounty Hunter] in existence tearing apart Invrisil on the hunch he is there.”
“You know that for a fact, Lady Reinhart?”
Magnolia sighed.
“I do have my network still, Miss Lyonette. Diminished, but it seems intelligence is not the strong suit of those pursuing Niers Astoragon. If I were to start my search anywhere…but it seems they’ve checked Liscor. Drat the fellow. He ignores me, and doesn’t even have the decency to conduct his affairs without causing a commotion.”
She scowled, then her lips quirked.
“Of course, that is hardly surprising given the Titan of Baleros’ character. What is surprising…I am not surprised by much, Lyonette. Not by much. If anything shocked me of late–it was that Tyrion Veltras proposed to anyone. Truly. I could accept the rest. But Tyrion Veltras, proposing to Ryoka Griffin no less?”
The [Princess]’ face twisted. She hadn’t expected Magnolia to bring that up, out of all the pressing and urgent events, but the [Lady] looked like she was slightly in shock, even now.
“You heard about it?”
“I believe I actually swooned. Ressa, do you recall that?”
The [Maid] considered the question.
“If you mean by ‘swooned’, laughed so hard you actually cracked a rib, yes.”
Both women traded glances. Magnolia began to chuckle so hard she had to put down her cup.
“I am sorry, Miss Marquin. You have come to me with great need and urgency and believe me, I am looking for that young child. But–you do know Miss Ryoka Griffin?”
“Yes…”
“And I am sure you know of Tyrion Veltras and his…reputation?”
Oh yes. Lyonette saw Magnolia lift a handkerchief and dab at her eyes.
“On bended knee. Asking permission to court her.”
A snort–Lyonette looked, but Ressa had turned her head. Magnolia laughed. Then she grew serious.
