8.43
Page 16
Nsiia mumbled and Ksmvr, holding still, heard her fish around in her bag of holding.
“It seems a steep price to pay! I have been at this well before, and it was a silver only, and we saw no guardian.”
“Well, I must not have seen you. Times are harder. Tiqr’s fallen, but this is my well. I’ve maintained it for years.”
“Only the one?”
“Psh. What do you care? It’s a pittance to you and it keeps me alive.”
Nsiia nodded agreeably. The Garuda kept frowning at Ksmvr as she tossed the coins down.
“We’ll leave and be on our way, friend. As soon as we draw the rest of the water.”
“Hmph. Do that.”
Ksmvr heard the beat of wings, but he still didn’t move. He heard Nsiia go back to the well, and draw more water. She filled his flasks, then murmured.
“Domehead, he’s circling. Turn slightly.”
The Golem obeyed, shielding Ksmvr. Nsiia was silent as Ksmvr whispered.
“Is that common?”
“Oh yes. Someone must own a well. Someone must make sure it is not befouled. It is a living, and individuals or tribes or cities hold their own. A single Garuda is a threat indeed. Had I no bow, he could strike me with stones with the right Skills, or even harry a group. Even if they were mighty, he could warn others out of maliciousness.”
“I see. A different place indeed. No one does this in Izril.”
“So I am told. They don’t claim rivers?”
Ksmvr shook his head slightly. He felt so miserable. He was beginning to hate Chandrar. It definitely ranked below Izril on his scale of exactly two continents he had now been to. Below Rhir, maybe, even though he had heard Crelers came from there.
“Some do, but not for access. Yvlon tells me that no noble truly tries to claim all of a river. Some do things like toss silver into wells, but that is only tradition.”
“What, to purify the water? Odd traditions, Ksmvr. I should like to visit, nevertheless. Someday…we have the water. Domehead, keep up. Quickly, now.”
Something was wrong. Nsiia set a fast pace, so that Domehead jolted Ksmvr a bit. Did she want to escape the Garuda?
No. As it turned out, she was merely finding the right place. She set herself, on a hill of all things, a natural rise and the only such one, and bade Domehead stop. She waited.
“Why have we stopped, Nsiia?”
“For his friends, of course.”
The Garuda was back. This time Ksmvr raised his head and saw nearly two dozen riders approaching. The Garuda was the only flier of the lot, and shouted as he drew near.
“Surprised?”
“Not at all.”
Nsiia’s voice was steely. The [Bandit], who had disguised himself as a well guardian, hesitated. But Nsiia explained, for Domehead and Ksmvr’s benefit.
“I knew the previous well-guardian. An old man who kept it clean. No one else could claim to have worked here for years. Second? I doubt many Garuda would watch one well. They can fly many miles to watch over each one. Lastly–the price told me you were checking if I could pay it. Of course, since I had a Golem, you decided to kill me anyways. Tiqr has fallen, and already the scum infest the travelways!”
She drew her sword, an unenchanted weapon, but a good steel one with a ringing sound. The [Bandits] stared at her.
“She’s dangerous. That’s a big Golem.”
“Who cares? Kill her and it’ll only chase or guard.”
Bandits. Ksmvr tried to get up, but he was still too weak.
“Nsiia, take my Forceshield and bow. Domehead, put me down.”
The Golem began to obey, but Nsiia shook her head.
“They’ll be on you as a hostage, Ksmvr. Domehead, stay here. Guard Yinah and Ksmvr.”
An angry yowl as the Empress tossed the cat. Domehead hesitated as a furry figure landed on Ksmvr. He began to put Ksmvr down.
