8.43
Page 14
The Antinium muttered. He tried to keep moving…then slowed down. Then he fell down and curled up. Nsiia, astonished, leapt from the mare’s back and ran over to him. She put a hand on his shelled back and yanked it away.
“You are burning up!”
Ksmvr was hot to the touch. Not like metal left under the sun, but close. She grabbed her own water flask and poured it on him.
“What’s wrong?”
“Hot.”
That was all Ksmvr said. She was watching him shut down in front of her. Why? He had seemed to hydrate and he was a Level 30 [Skirmisher]! What was…?
It was as Nsiia stared at the sweat on her own skin, and at Ksmvr, that she realized what it was.
Perspiration. He wasn’t sweating.
“Ksmvr! You don’t sweat?”
He didn’t respond, but Nsiia realized–bugs didn’t. They didn’t regulate their body’s temperatures, not like other creatures did. They hid in the shade in the heat, under the sand, and when winter came…
Heat and cold. Ksmvr wasn’t moving. Frantically, Nsiia dumped the rest of her flask over him and looked around.
This was not the place for shade. They were entering Tiqr, but a war-ravaged part of Tiqr, and this was one of those places where you travelled in arid conditions from oasis to oasis, which were greatly important. Further towards the capital there was more water, but it was a plague across Chandrar.
Water. Some nations had the Purifier Golem, or had money to buy water, or natural rivers. Or they stole it, like Savere. But nowhere was immune from thirst. And heat?
A shadow passed over her. Nsiia whirled.
“Domehead! Stand here, please! Shield Ksmvr from the sun while I think.”
The Golem instantly blocked the killing sun from covering Ksmvr. Nsiia searched through his gear, frantically. However, neither was a [Mage]…
“We need to cool him down. Ah! He hasn’t any elemental scrolls…very well. Very well.”
She seized the objects he had and improvised to save his life.
 
—-
 
Ksmvr was hot. He was too hot. It was pain, not like physical pain, but a bad, terrible suffocation of heat. He couldn’t see or think. It was just there, to be endured, with no relief.
Until it wasn’t. Until he felt something all over him, dripping, swishing, pattering. So much of it that it cooled him down.
Right up until he realized he was drowning.
“I am going to die! Water! Water!”
He flailed his arms wildly. Nsiia backed up, and Yinah stopped bathing in the entirety of Ksmvr’s water rations she was dumping on him. But it had worked. She had given him the perspiration his body lacked, and Ksmvr came to.
“Wh–what happened?”
“You are dying of heatstroke, friend. Domehead, help me. Carefully, carefully…”
Ksmvr tried to move, but it was like someone had hit him with a spell. He felt two massive hands pick him up, and Nsiia fussed around him, bending down, applying something to him.
“What are you doing? I will run…I am a Gold-rank adventurer. I do not fall to heat.”
She patted his shoulder.
“You are in no condition to do either, Ksmvr. Until it turns dark and we can cool you down, you are as weak as a Sariant Lamb, the worthless little things. Rest. Domehead will carry you.”
“But the sun? You have used up my water.”
“Yes. We will manage. A well will present itself. But this…should save you until we get there.”
She pasted more of whatever it was all over Ksmvr. It was mud, he realized. The glop from all the water she’d dumped down. A cooling covering.
“I am embarrassed.”
“Everyone has a flaw, friend. Isn’t it lucky you took me?”
“Yes. Thank you.”
