8.44 O
Page 12
A Drake tapped Lyonette on the shoulder as she did a quick-step with Cire. He turned.
“Hey, guy. I’m dancing with Lionette.”
“Sorry.”
And with that, the Drake produced something. He had a coat on, and was not one of the younger partying people. He held it up and Lyonette turned.
“I’m sorry, I’m—”
She blinked at the Faerie Flower. The Drake smiled.
“It’s not good to hoard, Miss. You know what happens to hoarders?”
He was already stabbing. Lyonette tried to back up and bumped into Cire. The Drake snarled—stabbed her with his empty claw, and blinked at it.
“What the f—”
Rafaema’s head spun. Who the heck was that? A Drake adjusted his cap, and a Gnoll with a top hat stepped through the doorway.
“Backup! She’s got a bodyguard! Get me—”
The Drake reached for another blade, and two more figures rose. Someone tried to come through the doorway and disappeared into a casual backhand from the Gnoll with the top hat. Lyonette reached for the sword she didn’t have. Rafaema spun, drawing her own sword…
—And saw one of the two figures was down. Mirn stood over a Drake, rubbing his fists. The other was lying on the floor too. How the—?
The first Drake attacked, oblivious, having finally gotten another dagger out. He snarled, looked over, saw all of his buddies were gone, and the female Drake with pink and cobalt scales leaping over the Drake she’d taken out in a flash. She had a bottle of Firebreath whiskey in her claws. Rafaema ran after her. She was going to get h—
The funny thing about wine bottles was that they were actually harder to smash than they looked. Rafaema saw it thunk into the Drake’s hand, face, eye—and didn’t break. Parts of him did. Onieva kicked his legs down and went to stomp, but by that point he was so far out that she didn’t bother completing the motion.
Five attackers, all taken out in moments. Rafaema saw Cire’s head spinning left and right, comically, just as much as Lyonette’s. The Lightning Dragon only wished she could claim credit for anything.
Who…? She looked at Mirn, dusting his claws off, Onieva, who tossed the bottle down and put her claws on her hips, exasperated, and the two hatted figures…who were already gone.
Who were they?
 
——
 
“Just one time. Just one night without someone trying to kill me, thank you.”
“It reminds me of home.”
The party was over, obviously. Cire’s brawl was one thing, but an actual murder attempt? The Watch had arrived with amazing speed, no less than Oteslia’s Pegasus Riders, which was very suspicious.
As suspicious as Cire’s ‘friends’, who all had drawn some actual artifacts the instant he was in danger. Mind you, they’d still been slower than Mirn and Onieva, but that wasn’t fair.
A Sentry and Architect were always ready for danger. They speculated on the whys and wherefores as they went. However, the two Gentlemen Callers had assured them they’d get Lyonette home safely.
“How are you feeling? Good? Any side effects? You took out those two as fast as I’ve ever seen you.”
“Mirn, stop worrying. I am fine. In fact, I’m amazing!”
Onieva did a happy cartwheel and Mirn tried to smile.
“I just wonder when it will wear off. You’re taking a huge risk, you know.”
“Yes, yes.”
The Drake kept on cartwheeling with amazing grace, especially since she had to account for a moving tail, and then stopped. She turned.
“Mirn. Those Faerie Flowers are going to change everything. Once Saliss gets ahold of them…it could be everyone.”
“I know. I know, just don’t get ahead of yourself. Come on, if you have to celebrate and still be up…here.”
