8.44 O
Page 29
No constraining fabric when he turned, twisted, or lifted his arms. Nothing to catch onto either, mind you, and the outer layer wasn’t silk, or even fine cotton, but a stiffer composite from Ironrams. Mixed with cotton; you weren’t about to ask for a solid weave, my word, no. It gave him a grey look, as the cotton woven in was of roughly the same color.
With his top hat, he looked a bit too austere, so he’d chosen a patterned scarf, a token from an encounter no gentleman talks about, patterned green and braided with a soft cream color. Now there was a fine piece of clothing, fit for any man, rich or poor. Like Ratici, his shoes were buffed, personally, and his pants covered all fur.
They stood out. Neither Gnolls nor Drakes dressed exactly like they did. It was more of a northern look. But the two Gentlemen Callers were used to such looks. If anything, it was funny.
“Seems to me we stand out here as much as in the north. Two fellows, never quite right at home, Ratici.”
“That’s true, Wilovan. However, perhaps there’s some comfort in that.”
“…I fail to take your meaning, Ratici.”
The Drake [Gentleman Thief] shrugged.
“It’s one of those things where a fellow never has to think ‘well, the grass is greener over there’. He’s always a bit out of place wherever he goes.”
Wilovan turned to his friend and companion of long years.
“Why, Ratici. If you don’t mind me saying, that’s as philosophically fine as I’ve ever heard you vouch.”
“I suppose it’s your comments rubbing off, Wilovan.”
The Gnoll smiled. They walked on, in that unhurried, self-assured stroll. They did not stride quickly, nor meander. It was slow, purposeful. Deliberate.
Style. Of course, they both knew where they were going. Wilovan even had a rounded walking cane, and Ratici had a little map of Oteslia, so they wouldn’t get lost. Not that they had an appointment, but both were sure they were expected.
Here were the facts: five fellows had conducted themselves rather unpleasantly yesterday. Five fellows—and it wasn’t as if there hadn’t been some rudeness before, hmm? This time, though, there were people to ask.
The Watch had four, but the fifth had vanished rather unexpectedly. Of course, Ratici and Wilovan were old hands at this. They had sat the man down, offered him a drink, and pressed him gently on where he was from and what all this spot and bother was about.
He had vouchsafed the information quite quickly, and they had taken him at his word. After all—when he told them this ran through the biggest Gang in Oteslia, and exactly where to go if a fellow was to have a chat—why, it all sounded straightforward.
They’d asked him to sit tight and he’d obliged them. So the two Gentlemen Callers had prepared themselves for a little trip.
“…I’m told the fellows at Invrisil have disbanded. That is to say, they’ve been replaced. Not enough left.”
“Good lads.”
Ratici mumbled. Wilovan nodded.
“One of them wrote to me. I have the letter here.”
He proffered it, but Ratici didn’t look at it.
“You can tell me, Wilovan. A [Reader] gets through such things faster than me.”
“Very well. In summary, he spoke about cost. It seems the last bit was too much coin, even for most of the fellows to pay.”
“When you take a lady out…”
“…you spare not a dime. Even so, they considered it that way. Crimshaw put his hat up.”
“Did he?”
Ratici traced a claw gently along a wall. He flicked a coin up, then approached a booth selling something. He did not steal, but bought and paid with the stall owner. A girl, who beamed at the large gold coin. What kind of fellow stole from children?
“Here. A souvenir.”
