8.44 O
Page 1
“I can see which face or likeness I would ah, take, if I were to work for a certain client. You know that. Well…I have met those who have no face, or who are just—odd. That’s a big hint. However, both of your family members have distinct people in mind—a range. Everyone does.”
Ilvriss nodded, trying to block out Xesci’s own analysis of his childhood crushes, loves…Nerul leaned forwards.
“Just out of curiosity, who’s mine?”
Xesci glanced at him. Ilvriss groaned.
“Uncle…”
“I want to hear it.”
Captain Osthia Blackwing muttered, then coughed as everyone looked at her. The Pallassian [Wing Captain], presumed dead and under the name of Captain Shieldscale, saw Nerul smile.
Ilvriss had asked Xesci already, so he knew her answer.
“Charming women, Wall Lord Nerul. I could choose from nearly forty faces.”
“Ah, how appropriate. No one person?”
“A few. But that would be, ah, exoticism. I think. People you’ve met but never interacted with.”
“And you know this because…?”
“I would have to improvise them naked. And I recognize a number of influential faces, even without being an expert on regional leaders.”
Nerul started laughing. Ilvriss covered his eyes with one claw.
“Can we return to my sister?”
“Absolutely, Wall Lord. It’s simple. I ah, saw a number of faces in her mind’s eye, but one of the reasons I think she can’t be an agent is simply that she…that is to say, some of my co-workers do know she’s engaged their services. Privately.”
Ilvriss’ face went blank. Xesci went on, as Captain Osthia glanced at Ilvriss and Nerul sat up, eying his nephew.
“It would be good cover, but I somehow doubt a true puppet would maintain that kind of intimate…”
“You happen to know these fellow workers? I have never heard of Navine ever visiting a brothel or…it would be all over Salazsar!”
Ilvriss protested. He was already uncomfortable with Xesci’s power in some ways. This? This had gone off the uncomfort waterfall and he was fighting discomfort sharks in the water.
Xesci was an expert of intimacy, and she winced. She had a very bland face on; the schemer she had been when she first met with Ilvriss. It helped her detach, and she claimed it made her smarter, if ruthless. There was still enough of her to look awkward on his behalf.
“I’m sorry, Wall Lord. But I did see a number of figures, so it indicates she could only be a double-agent.”
“Which we can investigate. So that’s instinct and knowledge for you. Anything we should know?”
“Uncle.”
“No, he has a point. Wall Lord, I know this is difficult, but anything relevant, Xesci…?”
Osthia gave Ilvriss a pleading look. He had to stand up and walk over their private, secured rooms to pour himself a drink. Not wine; he had meetings to go to later and he was off the stuff. But he wondered if you could do something similar—just to drown out sensation. Distilled plum and lemon juice, no sugar, maybe. He’d ask for some made up.
“No one I know. Rather handsome Gnolls, Drakes, even a Human—that would be my co-worker. And uh—two female Drakes.”
The spray out of Ilvriss’ nose-holes and mouth made Tessa roll out of the way reflexively. He turned, coughing.
“What?”
“Ah. Uncomfortable secrets. Don’t let’s get on the Turnscale wagon, nephew. We have bigger fish to kick.”
Nerul wagged a claw. Ilvriss shook his head.
“I’m not about t—I just—Navine?”
“I told you there were answers you didn’t want to hear, Wall Lord. Your mother…”
Xesci looked even more uncomfortable. This time Nerul and Ilvriss traded a look.
“Er, Miss Xesci. For my nephew’s sake, if it’s a matter of delicate…”
“No! Not in that way.”
