8.44 O
Page 15
How could she reconcile this to…she sat in a Turnscale bar, having used the password she’d collected to get in. It was a relief it worked, but she’d shadowed Onieva and Mirn here.
Shadowed, in a way only she could. They might have noticed a tail, someone who had to follow them on foot. They had no scent Rafaema could take up, even if she could smell like a Gnoll.
Nor could someone hanging high, just below the cloud layer expect to see them.
Unless they were Rafaema.
This was certainly more of a lively place than the ones in Manus, the few she’d been to. But then, Manus knew almost everything. It had informants among all groups, and if it didn’t crack down often, it was because it was concerned with greater matters.
“Hello there, are you new or waiting for someone?”
They were too friendly here. Raef smiled at a Gnoll who’d come over.
“I’m just uh, looking around. I’ve been to places like this before. I’m just…I’m trying to understand?”
“Of course. Listen, if you want to talk to anyone, my name is…”
That was a good excuse to keep mostly unobserved. Rafaema glanced at Onieva and Mirn. She knew she might be spotted, but if she was, she’d explain she was one of them and find out more.
It certainly went to telling her why they were so good at fighting. So, Saliss of Lights’ cousin was one of them? That was important intelligence. Did they know something about Lyonette? Could she prevail on being a Turnscale to get their aid?
She was so busy trying to work this out she didn’t notice the population of the bar decreasing for the first few minutes. Then she noticed people heading out.
“Looks like a big party’s going on! Anyone with us?”
An excited Drake ran over, shouting the reason why they were all leaving. Rafaema’s eyebrows rose. This was casual. She wavered, but Onieva and Mirn were staying put. Even so, she had to probably introduce herself or…
She was headed for the bar when it struck her that too many people were leaving, all at once. Quickly, not like people making up their minds. But Onieva sat, with her curious coloration.
Her curious mismatched eyes. How she’d made Rafaema start, when she first saw them. Cire too, but she wasn’t…one of them. They’d be able to tell. But if she knew Lyonette—was it connected?
Rafaema approached the bar, but the [Bartender] had hurried into the back. She glanced around, and her heartbeat picked up. From three hundred people, the room was emptying fast. And she wasn’t stupid. But then Mirn glanced over.
“Hey there. You’re one of us, aren’t you? Cire’s friend?”
Raef hesitated as he put a tankard on the bar. He adjusted his belt.
“That’s right. I’m new to Oteslia.”
“You don’t say? So are we. Always good to meet someone like us. You know the rules, I hope?”
“Of course. Not a word to anyone. I don’t tell lies.”
They probably had truth stones. Rafaema calmly took a chair two seats over. Oh, dead gods. Had she gotten herself into…?
“I’m telling the truth.”
“I know that, dear. Mirn. Sentry. You know Onieva?”
Someone waved. The female Drake who was so casual, leaning with both arms back on the bar’s counter.
“Hello! Raef, right?”
“Yep.”
“A secret’s a secret. Everyone has to keep them. I know you’re new, a citizen, not anyone else, so it’s fine, you knowing and nothing else. It’s a Sentry’s job to sort out protection and whatnot. Especially if someone does come after us.”
“I wouldn’t tell anyone. It’s just chance, us meeting like this. Sorry if I’m…”
