8.44 O
Page 23
“Miss Marquin, it is I who must thank you for being rather charming. At the ball, you know? Being a gracious visitor with a number of Drakes who have every reason to dislike you is rather difficult and I am not exerting my, ah, more pressing charms. Shall we talk about what you might do for me, in the interim you are here, under this lovely siege? Very refreshing. No boulders crashing down around us, no arrows, no rationing as of yet…I quite think we should copy it in the north.”
The young woman hesitated.
“Naturally, Lady Reinhart. But if Mrsha is found…”
“I assure you, Miss Marquin. If you have the opportunity, rush—with considerable decorum, foresight, and caution—to her. However, I have a little soiree planned for tomorrow. Soirée. Dreadful word. I’d rather it was a dish. Raspberry or something. That’s what it sounds like.”
“Are you hungry, milady?”
Ressa bent down. Magnolia paused.
“…I do believe I am, Ressa.”
“Ah, then I shall fetch a delicious sampler of sweets fit for a pig.”
“Thank you, Ressa. Are you hinting at anything?”
“Not at all. Your Highness, will you take anything?”
“Er…perhaps something savory?”
“Very good, your Highness.”
The two watched Ressa go. Magnolia murmured to Lyonette.
“You know, she only tends to act like this to prove a point, when she thinks I will be embarrassed. I would prefer it if you would be your charming self tomorrow. I plan to finally make a concerted appeal to the gathered individuals here. Some cannot arrive due to this dratted siege…well. It is time.”
Lyonette’s ears perked up. Time for what? She sipped at her tea cautiously as she was served a kind of delicate brie, crackers, fruits, and Magnolia stared down at an entire cake. Lyonette was impressed. It would have gone for several gold in The Wandering Inn, even without her markup. There was so much frosting as Ressa cut a slice that she wondered if there was more actual cake or frosting in it.
“Ressa. You offend me.”
“I am so sorry, Milady…”
Magnolia stopped Ressa as she went to take the rest of the cake away.
“You slice the entire cake if it’s meant to be eaten, Ressa. Lyonette, will you take a slice? No?”
She delicately put a fork into the first bite of pure frosting as Lyonette and Ressa exchanged a glance.
“…You were about to unveil your project, Lady Reinhart? Is that not…well, peace between Drakes and Humans?”
Lyonette prompted after a few seconds of horrified staring. The thing wasn’t that Magnolia ate like a pig. In fact, her manners were better than most. She sipped her tea, ate with a very small fork…it was just that she didn’t stop. Lyonette felt her teeth melting and heart beginning to stop just watching her and jerked her eyes away.
“Indeed. I have yet to offer the many exquisite gifts I so tempted the Drakes with. For that matter, we have yet to come to any accord on peace. I did ask them what they envisioned. The idea of mutual cooperation…rather like talking to a bunch of angry bricks in a wall. So it is my turn to make an offer, and I have one. It only remains to be seen whether they will listen at all. Hence, your involvement.”
Lyonette nodded. She had observed how much dislike Magnolia Reinhart generated by being…Magnolia Reinhart. Which was not surprising, given her family’s history.
“Of course I will attend, Lady Reinhart. However—with deepest apologies, I am sure you can accept some reservations? I would not want to be privy to anything untoward.”
Magnolia laughed drily.
“A Calanferian [Princess] to the core. You will not take it on trust?”
