8.44 O
Page 9
Raef glowered, watching Onieva and Mirn actually join in quite proficiently. At least they were acting their age, or not hiding it, rather. The other actors hiding their true ages and pretending to enjoy shaking it out in the bar, or laughing?
She hated it. He had to see it. Rafaema’s lip curled. Cire was already away, catching up with some friends.
He did see it. Or else why did he always gravitate towards the genuinely younger crowd, letting his group follow him around? It might be unconscious, but it was there. Raef leaned back, plotting her next move.
Two more pubs they hit, and each time Mirn calmly advised Lyonette to take a glass of something else because she was overdoing it, or Onieva took over the event. She was here to have fun—and apparently get in Rafaema’s way. However, the Dragon noticed something interesting as Mirn yanked Onieva aside after she headed to the restroom. They whispered for a second and Rafaema glanced up from watching Cire and Lyonette flirt.
“…and what’s eight times sixty three?”
“Dead gods, Mirn. I don’t…five hundred and four, okay? Who wrote that crap?”
“Saliss did.”
“Well, I hate him. What else?”
“What’s the key component of healing potions?”
“Eir gel. Basic faculties are all here! No side effects, okay?”
Mirn nodded. Rafaema glanced over. Onieva knew Saliss of Lights? Right, she was his cousin. Interesting, though. And interesting how she was as intoxicated as Cire and Rafaema.
Which was to say, not at all. Lyonette, even Mirn and the other actors were all feeling it, but Onieva had an inexhaustible amount of energy. Maybe she was a [Social Drunkard], or some class that turned this kind of thing into power? It fit the socialite. Rafaema nodded to herself…right up until the street fight.
“What? Someone’s doing what?”
A Drake was talking to Cire, plucking at the young man’s arm.
“In broad daylight! I mean…whatever, Cire. We were just walking along and they told us to clear the street.”
“And did you?”
“Do we look like Lizards? ‘Course not! We were about to really get into it, y’know, but they said we’d settle this tonight. There’s eleven of us and thirteen of them. Come on, can you bring some of your group?”
Cire hesitated as Rafaema and some of his minders’ heads turned. He was bright-eyed with excitement, but he did waver.
“I dunno, Lotse. I’m showing this Human around—Lionette—”
“She can watch! Come on, Cire.”
The Drake girl was definitely not an actor, and she and some Drakes were asking him to…Rafaema scooted over.
“What’s this, Cire?”
“Someone tried to bully friends of mine. I dunno, Lotse, I’ve got a reputation to worry about…”
“That’s right. Cire, we’re here to have fun. Let’s uh—let’s go get some snacks. On me!”
A Gnoll emphasized the words, glancing around for backup, but Lotse grabbed Cire’s arm as the Drake began to backpeddle.
“Cire! We’re begging you. Are we friends or not?”
The Earth Dragon’s eyes turned back. His expression cleared—then took on an obstinate cast that Rafaema didn’t like.
“Of course we are. I’ll come with you.”
“No, Cire—”
The Gnoll grabbed for Cire, but the Earth Dragon prised off the paws with casual strength.
“I’ll just duck out for a second. Come on, Lotse. Twelve against thirteen’s fine. We’ll just…”
He glanced at ‘Raef’, but the Dragon just folded her arms.
“You want backup?”
“If you want to come, Raef? What, you too good for it?”
Rafaema ignored the goading words. She had trained with a sword and she doubted Cire was trained in anything except how to hit a toilet bowl when sick. She had killed someone, just this week.
