8.44 O
Page 3
“Yes, Wall Lord. But I have an instinct beyond mere Skill, because I am good at my job. If I presented myself to her, I feel as though I would still fail to capture…something. Something is wrong with that image, yet it is right. Does that make sense?”
“No.”
“It doesn’t to me, either. She’s…a challenge. Although I’m not likely to find out why.”
“Well. It seems as though they’re at least not undead puppets. Have you found anyone who matches that?”
Xesci hesitated.
“One. But it could just be a lack of loves or someone who really doesn’t care. Not high-ranking, but I will pass you the name…”
Nerul rubbed his claws together, nodding. Ilvriss leaned back in his chair to process what he really didn’t want to think about in some cases. He only looked up when Nerul spoke.
“Hm, Uncle?”
“I said, which one do we reach out to first, nephew? I’d put money on Reinhart. Risky, given who she is, but you said she intimated she was an ally.”
The Wall Lord hesitated.
“…We need to run more checks on movements, connections—”
“On Reinhart? Hah. Tell you what, I’ll do my best work, get Blackwing to help me, and pull in all of Salazsar’s intelligence. We’ll come back to you in a year with squat. The First Gardener’s probably just as bad. A Calanferian [Princess]? We’ll only trace her back to Izril, not before.”
“True. But we can’t make a mistake.”
Nerul fixed Ilvriss with a keen, perceptive eye.
“Nephew. You already took a chance with the three of us.”
He gestured at Shriekblade, himself, and Xesci.
“It’s time to take action. We need allies. It could go bad, but now is not the time to sit. Not now. Not with the Gnolls boiling mad and threatening a war we can’t sustain. For the Antinium or the Necromancer. Someone needs to be caught up.”
Ilvriss knew he was right. He rubbed at his face, then nodded. And then looked at Nerul.
They’d all heard the news, even under siege in Oteslia. It was complicating an already complicated affair with Magnolia Reinhart, and his own mission. Ilvriss met Nerul’s eyes directly.
“Tell me something. Did you know about this, Uncle?”
Nerul gave him a clear look which could have held a million lies. Yet he did shake his head.
“No, Ilvriss. I didn’t have a clue. Nor would anyone with half a brain have told me, given my job. Mind you, I might have found out…but I didn’t know. The question is: did anyone in Salazsar? Did you?”
Ilvriss saw Osthia’s gaze swing back to him. She had no knowledge. He frowned.
“No. But then, even for a Wall Lord, I’m younger. I wonder if my father would have access to that kind of information? He would be the only one in the family. But we do know Fissival’s always loved magicore.”
“Along with any number of magical items. Well, it’s a mess. And I can’t envy whomever’s sent to calm the Gnolls down, if anyone. Bloody idiots might just escalate and that will not go well. There’s little respect for [Diplomats] among High Commands.”
Nerul grumbled. Ilvriss raised his brows.
“Do you actually think you could do something, Uncle? What about the siege?”
“The army outside? Of course! Mind you, Zeres’ Admiralty is smart. They’d run if I walked at them. They know a shark in the waters. Let’s stay focused. Allies and Necromancers. Where do we start first?”
Ilvriss thought about it. He glanced left, and smelled and saw Tessa lean over and vomit onto the carpet. She collapsed into the puddle and lay there, curled up. In the silence, Ilvriss gestured.
“Probably with her.”
 
——
 
“Why is she sick?”
