8.44 O
Page 25
“A strange coincidence. Unfortunate given the timing. I need Shriekblade to be…herself. I had few recourses left; it was either a [Druid] or [Alchemist] Saliss.”
Of the two, Lyonette would have gone with a [Druid]. She fully expected Saliss to annoy the Drake with countless thin scars all over her body, but to her surprise, he didn’t. He squatted down and spoke, almost kindly to her.
“Hey Shrieky. It’s me. Saliss. Remember me?”
She didn’t say anything. Saliss turned.
“Look. I dressed up my tail. You’re not doing well, are you? Tessa? Shriekblade?”
“She’s dead, Saliss. She’s dead. I’m not going to be well again.”
The Drake muttered. Saliss shook his head.
“You don’t need the Healer, Tessa. Hm. You’re sick. Are you eating? Mirn would throw a fit. Let’s see. Are you…?”
He went to feel at her forehead and Shiekblade moved. She drew two daggers and slashed at his claw so fast Lyonette didn’t see her move. Only that Saliss was two steps back, on his feet.
“Yep. She’s dangerous. I’m surprised no one’s dead.”
Ilvriss rubbed at his cheek, and Lyonette saw tell-tale signs of a healing potion; fresh scales.
“It has been troubling, to say the least. She refuses to take anything. We did administer a calming spray…”
The [Alchemist] shrugged.
“Tessa’s got more of a tolerance to that kind of thing than a [Veteran Warrior] does to healing potions. You might as well spit onto a warm towel and toss it on her. It would do about as much good. She’s really down; I don’t think you’d be able to take her out of it, just blank her for a while. And that won’t help.”
Ilvriss hissed through his teeth.
“I feared that was the case. Saliss of Lights. Could you prescribe and create something to help Miss Tessa? A calming draught? Something to at least keep her from violence? Restore her senses?”
Saliss tilted his head, regarding Ilvriss.
“Do you mean make her work?”
There was no change to his tone, but Lyonette’s honed abilities made her glance up. So did Nerul. But Ilvriss glanced at neither his uncle trying to signal him, nor Lyonette. He met Saliss’ gaze calmly.
“I mean, help Adventurer Tessa. Not Shriekblade.”
Saliss smiled.
“Good answer. And the answer is…no. I can give her any number of mind-altering tonics, but I won’t. I don’t prescribe potions for this. That’s sort of how we got here.”
He gestured at Tessa. Ilvriss, a bit taken aback, looked at her.
“But how can she…?”
“[Healer]. [Thought Healers] if you have any. Get a [Druid]. But she’s out for at least a week. If the Healer comes back, so does she, but I wouldn’t count on it.”
Saliss eyed Ilvriss. The Wall Lord paced around a bit.
“Adventurer Tessa’s aid is necessary, Saliss. We need her now.”
“Well, I can’t do it aside from turning her into a Golem. Sorry.”
Saliss gave Ilvriss an almost apologetic look. Almost. Lyonette, wavering, looked between him and Ilvriss. He had to have thought of it. Why wasn’t he saying…?
“Saliss. Do you think a Faerie Flower might help her?”
The Named Adventurer turned his head slowly to Lyonette, and his flat, blank look told her that he was not happy. Ilvriss glanced over.
“Faerie Flowers. Yes. It did cross my mind. Do you have a supply in Oteslia, Miss Marquin? I heard…something about it?”
The fact that he hadn’t heard all about her monopoly surprised Lyonette, until she remembered he was a [Wall Lord] who specialized in gems and not a [Merchant], [Herbalist], [Gardener], [Alchemist], or so on. She nodded.
“I have some in the city. Saliss, could we give um, Shriekblade, a Faerie Flower drink? A Minotaur’s Punch? It’s helped people like Halrac and—”
“No.”
