8.44 O
Page 26
The Drake folded his orange-scaled arms. Ilvriss and Lyonette turned to him.
“Why not? It helped me considerably, Adventurer Saliss. Have you tried the drink?”
Saliss scoffed.
“Have I tried…? Who do you think I am? Of course I’ve tried it. And I’m telling you, I won’t give it to Tessa. Nor am I going to whip up some kind of magical cure based on it.”
“Why not?”
“Because it might work. And that would be terrible!”
The Drake snapped. He looked at both blank faces and threw up his claws.
“Tessa doesn’t need another potion! I don’t think there’s a single potion in the world that could fix her, unless it’s one that just clears out everything she’s drunk for the last twenty years! Yes, you might make a miracle-drink. But it’s a bad idea.”
The [Alchemist] looked from face to face and realized…they had no idea what he meant. Not even Nerul—maybe the odd Drake, Xesci.
“But if it helps, Saliss…”
They didn’t understand and Saliss didn’t know how to fully explain. He raked a claw through his neck spines. How to explain that the worst thing would be if it did help, because that meant…?
He made one mistake. A huge one, but Saliss hadn’t thought Lyonette would spring the question on him. Because he’d forgotten that she was well-meaning, genuinely probably a good girl, especially for a [Princess]. But she just had no context for this. His mistake was saying all this, arguing with Lyonette and Ilvriss, in front of Shriekblade.
The Adventurer had her claws around his leg before he could move. Saliss whirled.
“Tessa, don’t—”
But she didn’t have her blades out. She stared up at him.
“You…there’s a new potion? What’s a Faerie Flower? I’ve heard of it. What does it do?”
Saliss cursed. Lyonette wavered.
“It’s—Wall Lord, maybe if we applied it to a Potion of Cleansing or something similar? Saliss, if you don’t want to make it, perhaps Xif could?”
“No. Tessa, you don’t need it. Get off—”
“I need it. Saliss, don’t stop me. I’ll kill you. Give it to me. Give it—who’s Xif? Xif of Pallass? He makes some of my potions. Where is…?”
The [Alchemist] was one of the fastest Drakes in the world. He was second-fastest in this room. He went for Tessa, this time in a complicated grab. She dove past him, and shot for the door.
“Tessa!”
He charged after her. Lyonette saw Captain Shieldscale go after both. Nerul cursed.
“Ilvriss! I’m going to stop them! Is she going to gut that poor…?”
He ran out the door. Xesci hesitated, but then followed on the general principle that everyone was running and she’d better get a head start. Ilvriss cursed, going for the door, but then stopped. He very much doubted that he could beat two Named Adventurers, even if they found a coach. The Wall Lord turned.
“I’ve bungled this situation nicely, Lyonette. It’s been—difficult.”
Lyonette hesitated, about to go after them, then strode over to the door and closed it. She was also aware of how fast the others moved. The [Princess] looked at Ilvriss. He was far more tired than she remembered. But some of the grief…it was not necessarily gone, but it had changed.
“Why are you here, Wall Lord Ilvriss?”
They had not been able to get into it at the ball. The Wall Lord smiled, bleakly.
“I am on an assignment. Self-imposed. I actually intended to meet with Magnolia Reinhart later today.”
“I just met with her. May I ask…what for?”
