8.44 O
Page 8
In her way, the Dragon was as world-weary as Mirn…and she had four times his lifespan to amplify her views. She was not here to party like Cire—and she saw how much he had to drink to bypass his own natural immunities to alcohol. Even Onieva began to fall behind just due to the sheer quantity he could imbibe, which would explode a lesser Drake’s stomach.
Still. Onieva was odd, as well as Mirn. Rafaema had a feeling about them…but it could wait. For the moment, she was doing something unpleasant for her city. Which, to judge by the news coming out of the Meeting of Tribes, was as Drake as you could get.
Those damned idiots. We don’t need a war with Gnolls! Did Luciva know about this? How am I going to fix it? What else have they…
“It’s the cities. It’s always the cities. Everyone asks why we fucking hate the walls and the boots. It’s stuff like that.”
One of the non-actor Gnolls began growling as that very conversation came up. Cire turned, looking a bit uncomfortable.
“Hey, that’s Fissival. Fissival is totally Creler eggs, Rox. Oteslia’s okay. I’d know about them doing anything bad.”
“Just because your mother’s the First Gardener, Cire? Hah! They’re all evil. You don’t know. You’re a Drake.”
“Hey now. Don’t bring us down, dude. Let’s not monk about on boring stuff.”
That had to be an actor. Raef rolled his eyes as a Gnoll cut in, fur dyed strategically, ushering them to another bar. On the way, Raef leaned over to Lyonette.
“What do you think about the Meeting of Tribes thing, Lyonette?”
“Me? Oh…it’s terrible. One supposes they have their reasons, though. Cire! I believe you wouldn’t do anything that terrible. You do know a lot about Oteslia, don’t you?”
Raef frowned as Lyonette went over to console Cire, who cheered up.
“That’s right, Lionette! I do! And if I’d heard about that gemstone or whatever, I would have had someone go dig it up.”
“You can do that?”
“I mean, probably, yeah. I could probably get the Pegasus Fliers to do that.”
Rafaema frowned at Cire, who was bragging too hard. And at Lyonette, who was clearly interested in Cire. Genuinely?
She hadn’t drunk much. Rafaema glanced around, then, as they headed to the next bar, suggested a round.
“Let’s all take a shot to Fissival sticking its fat tail into an ant hive!”
The others cheered at that, and Rafaema saw Lyonette protest. Cire, laughing, offered her a shot and she sipped at it, then reluctantly took it down.
“So, Lionette, where are you fr—”
Raef headed over to Lyonette, as the others began to dance or drink or grab snacks and bother the other clientele. It was turning into a damned party and Cire knew everyone. But this time Onieva got in the way.
“You’re looking a bit unsteady. You can say no, you know? Come on. Do you know how to dance?”
The [Princess] shook her head, eyes determinedly clear.
“I can. And I’m having fun, Onieva, thank you. I’m actually a quite decent dancer.”
Onieva raised a single brow, mockingly.
“Saliss told me all about your ballroom dancing. But that’s not dancing. Come on. Mirn, get over here and let’s have fun!”
“Dead gods, Onieva…”
Again, Lyonette was spirited away and Rafaema cursed. A party? Why had she thought that was a good idea? It was, in fact, the worst way to get Lyonette to spill anything. Even if she was drunk…
“Hey, Raef. Stop getting in my way! Those two crabs are bad enough, but I’m trying to impress Lionette!”
“Shut up, Cire.”
