8.44 O
Page 21
“Your identity is known to us, Lyonette du Marquin. Rest assured, we will not reveal it. We are not part of Oteslia’s plans. However, the concerns of [Druids] still exist. You would have us do what?”
“Send [Druids]. Or just one to find my daughter. Bring her here. I know it is in your power.”
Lyonette looked directly at Nalthaliarstrelous when she said that. The [Druid] snorted.
“And kill those who pursue her.”
“She is a child.”
“Yes. And we are no enemies of the Tribes.”
“Then you’d let her die? She’s done nothing wrong!”
Lyonette saw Nalthal’s eyes flash, and movement flickered around the Circle. It was the Drowned Man under the waterfall who spoke, his voice like Seborn’s.
“We make no war on Roshal. Injustice exists and we choose our battles. If you asked us ten thousand years ago, when there were many times our number, you would have a different answer, Princess Marquin. From other circles, different as well.”
“This one asks for what gain do we move, when you might well find your aid in similar allies.”
Shassa spoke nervously, glancing at Nalthal. Lyonette looked at him too, and thought of her second meeting of that day, with Magnolia Reinhart. The Human [Druid] scowled at Shassa. He must have told them a lot. But he was clearly not happy with the decision. Proof positive: him kicking Shassa in the stomach.
However, the Circle was a vote, or so it seemed. Lyonette tried again.
“If you would intercede, just to help her…?”
“Miss Marquin. What could you offer us? Everything is a trade, and we do not forswear our pacts. Let us say we gave you our aid. Perhaps you resolve everything peacefully, in safety. In the worst case? We defend our sister, child or not. We might die like mayflies, but we will honor our words. For what would we weigh the lives of many [Druids] and our kin here with a single one of us?”
Another nod, from a Gnoll.
“If it seems callous, simply count how many lives are weighed on either choice, Lyonette of Calanfer. Betimes that is simply what we must do. Or did you not see the grim necessity wrought at Liscor by Druid Nathale…Nathelire…Druid Nalthal?”
She had come to a too-practical group. Lyonette bit her lip.
“If you know I am a [Princess] of Calanfer—then would you accept a promise on behalf of the kingdom?”
She was willing to sign a lot she had no right to. But the [Druids] just snorted.
“Were you [Queen], we would consider it. Yet Calanfer lost its forests and sanctuaries. Lost it and clung to their Eternal Throne. Calanfer has little good will with us, Lyonette du Marquin. The actions of your predecessors have done much to harm us.”
“Not me.”
The [Princess] defended herself. To that, Nalthal laughed nastily. He flicked a shaving of Corusdeer antler at her.
“Of course not. But we remember. That is how it works. No aid will come from us. Begone and waste neither’s time.”
His eyes lingered on her.
“Go. Sometimes you must do what is necessary yourself. Seize it, [Princess] of Calanfer. You cannot ask others to fight your wars forever.”
 
——
 
Of course, he was right. Lyonette laid out her second case to Magnolia Reinhart after they finally got to the heart of the discussion. She had no idea why Magnolia had segued into Grand Magus Eldavin.
She was sweating as she tried to sip from her tea. The first part of their conversation had gone well, but Lyonette was keenly aware she was outmatched, if Magnolia Reinhart’s aura didn’t prove that itself.
