8.44 O
Page 14
“It’s not Esse’s fault. Let me get you to an Architect. Oteslia’s not as hostile as many places.”
“How is that possible? Even if it’s the First Gardener, the entire city?”
“They just don’t enforce it. Thank the [Druids].”
Mirn frowned, until he realized the Drake explaining things was being literal.
“You mean…?”
“Thank the [Druids]. I think they tend to lean on our side. None of them ever come in here, but between you and me…if they were searching for us, they’d probably find us. No one can hide anything underground with them around.”
Mirn shuddered at the very idea. Onieva just frowned. Mirn turned to her.
“You haven’t seen this before?”
“I didn’t go here before, not often. I just met with Architects. If I did go out, it was just anywhere I felt like.”
“Fair enough.”
The [Protector] grimaced. Onieva was a rare case in that when she went out, there was almost no way to trace her back to Saliss. In a sense, she was freer than anyone here…so long as she was Onieva.
“Anyways, I’m just glad no one got hurt and this potion is working so well. No side effects?”
Onieva yawned, smiling.
“None. Tell Saliss it’s the best thing ever and to make more.”
“I will. Say, is this place in need of funding? We can provide a few services. Mostly protective, but financials…and alchemical.”
One of the Drakes leaned forwards, interested.
“We’re set for the first two, but what do you mean, ‘alchemical’?”
The two were explaining what they could add for anyone in need, when Onieva’s head turned. She kept a claw on her cup, but frowned.
“That piece of Ancestor crap.”
Mirn froze. He kept smiling, but didn’t turn his head.
“Onieva?”
“You know that thing about saying shit and having it proven, Mirn? There’s a tail.”
The others gathered around Onieva turned pale. The Drake woman leaned back casually, and her head turned. Mirn didn’t look around.
“Who? And how sure are you?”
Onieva’s mouth moved.
“…Could be a coincidence. But it’s one hell of a one if so. Eyes at eight o’clock. Lone, fur.”
Mirn waited a beat as Onieva pretended to flirt with the Drake on her left, then he turned to go get a drink. On the way to the bar, he glanced at the bartender.
“Sober up. You’re drunk.”
The Drake nearly dropped the mug she was passing to Mirn. She glanced under the counter.
“You sure?”
“Wait on it.”
Mirn turned and finally spotted who Onieva had picked up. He walked back.
“Shit.”
“Did someone follow you? Is it Pallass?”
One of the others squeaked. Mirn and Onieva exchanged a glance.
“Doubt it. But we were just in their company. It could be they’re fine.”
“Maybe it is! Don’t scare us!”
Onieva shook her head. She stared, turning in her seat on the pretext of waving at Esse. Of course, the figure pretended to be in his cups, but it was definitely Raef. The Gnoll, one of Cire’s friends. Onieva’s eyes narrowed.
“…Something’s off about him. Mirn, do you see it?”
“Nothing I’ve got is alarming me besides the face. Onieva, what is it?”
The [Alchemist]’s eyes stared across the room at Raef for a long moment. Her tail began to thrash, slowly, as she turned back to Mirn. She gave him a needle-toothed smile and murmured.
“…That’s an illusion.”
 
——
 
Of course, Rafaema knew this existed. Not all of Manus’ High Command even admitted this place existed. Discussing it with her? Not a chance.
Yet she had, like Cire, had many instructors over the years. Some had taken risks. Some had, because they were them, told her, shown her things she never forgot.
Lead us. But what did that mean? It was a question Rafaema always asked.
“How will I lead my people?”
