8.44 O
Page 18
The arm released from her throat. She gasped, and lay there. She began to rise, but someone was still on her in a joint-lock. Two voices were speaking.
“Leave her. A Wall Lady disappears, and there will be hell to pay.”
“Mirn. She’s seen us.”
“Well, if she reveals anything, Esse, you, and I are compromised. That’s a given. This place has to be abandoned anyways. She knows what will happen. But Onieva, I am telling you, as Sentry. Leave. Her.”
“I’m an Architect, Mirn. You don’t give me orders about threats.”
“I give it to you about citizens and people I protect. [Protector]. Leave her.”
Dead silence. Then Onieva suddenly began to laugh.
“Really? Fine. We know who she is. Alright…”
Then they picked her up. When Rafaema came too, she was lying on the street, in an alleyway two streets over from the repopulating bar. Only when she got back to her place, where Hunt Commander Makhir and Ferris arrived after searching all night and stopped, ready to berate her, did Rafaema realize the final insult.
Someone had written ‘idiot’ across her face in ink.
 
——
 
Onieva relaxed, in the awe of the others who’d seen her. She was the best of them. Mirn could not imagine anyone who could beat her.
“Want to speculate what that was?”
Esse had left them be with food and drinks. And, Mirn suspected, gratitude for not killing Rafaema.
It could still go bad, and the two Pallass-residents were ready for all of it. Sometimes, though…well. Everything was a risk.
“Nah. I’m tired. I think…no? It’s not wearing off. Mirn…it’s not wearing off and it’s been hours. It’s as good as the other version! Better!”
Onieva pinched herself, and was delighted. Amid it all, danger, annoying kids, and the rest, her delight remained and Mirn was happy for her.
“That’s wonderful. What do you think Saliss will do? Can he share it around? Maybe we can provide it for the others, if only my bar. What do you think?”
Onieva’s lips moved. She frowned.
“…That would be wonderful. We still have to figure out side effects, but we’ll have to see what Saliss thinks when he’s up.”
Mirn was nodding, tired, but elated, when something stopped him. He looked over at Onieva.
“…Or you could tell me now. Unless you’re not thinking about it.”
The Drake snorted.
“Why? I can’t read minds. Ask Saliss.”
Slowly, Mirn sat up at the bar. There was a difference between being playful, or being…Onieva…and ignorance. And this was different from how she’d ever talked.
“Right, Onieva. But I am saying that you would know what Saliss is thinking.”
“Why?”
The [Protector] felt his stomach knot. Onieva looked at him. She lost her smile; she was not a fool, after all.
“Mirn? Something wrong?”
“Do you…not remember? What’s your class, Onieva?”
“[Alchemist], of course. And don’t ask me my level. Some things are secret, even to you.”
“Just like Saliss?”
“We are cousins. But he’s the Named Adventurer. I’ve never wanted to…Mirn? What’s wrong?”
The [Protector] sat there. Wondering if he should tell her. Wondering what he should say. Would Saliss…?
“What’s the catch?”
He understood it, now.
 
——
 
Lyonette had a hangover the day after the outing. She discovered how much it hurt for nearly an hour of lying in bed.
When she finally arose, Saliss was lounging in the dining room, heckling Xif.
Xif had his head in his paws, but he looked more rested than Saliss or Lyonette. Onieva was nowhere to be seen, but Mirn was with them. Lyonette paused.
“Good…”
Her voice caused her so much pain that she stopped. Saliss glanced up, and tossed something at her. It bounced off Lyonette’s head and she glared at him.
