8.44 O
Page 2
Ilvriss breathed again. Xesci paused.
“She just doesn’t have Wall Lord Zail in her mind. Someone else. A Drake. Multiple ages. Perhaps deceased? A lover? Er…”
She watched as Ilvriss slowly rubbed at his eyes.
“…We’re going to have to look into this, aren’t we?”
“I’ll handle it. Just give me a description, or better yet—pose with the face so I can do a rough check. I’ll do it later.”
Nerul murmured. Ilvriss sat back down, heavily. After that opening salvo into finding allies and uncovering Az’kerash’s minions, he thought nothing would surprise him.
…Right up until Xesci told him why she was almost convinced Lyonette was genuinely non-Az’kerash.
“A what?”
Captain Osthia shouted. Xesci lifted a claw.
“Two things. It is not strong. Not in an…intimate way. First loves. I would be hesitant to look like that. It makes it too much like cheating on someone…with a copy of them. But she does like this…Antinium. A Worker, I think?”
“An Antinium.”
Ilvriss was least-surprised of all of them. Which still meant shocked. Xesci gave him a helpless nod.
“It is surprising, but this is personal, something unconscious, Wall Lord. It’s the fourth Antinium I’ve seen.”
“Fourth?”
“Well, hers was the most accurate, I believe. The others were…I would call it a very specific desire.”
“For what? Insects?”
“Or being frightened. Someone’s deepest fantasy can be a terrifying, albeit safe, encounter with something…not quite like a person? I’ve seen Goblins, Golems, even a Creler, the King of Destruction—fame is popular—two of the four I saw were actually of the one they call the ‘Small Queen’, Xrn, and the askers were both male.”
“Please stop talking.”
Ilvriss felt like he was going to die. He shifted focus.
“…I doubt there’s much chance Navine or Lyonette could be puppets with that kind of imaginative backstory. Can we go to the Gardener?”
“Of course, Wall Lord. You’ll be glad to understand her desires are standard.”
“Wonderful.”
“A bit colorful in one of the images I could have chosen as a fantasy. She apparently met a rather splendid Minotaur, in a bath-house or something, because I—”
“Next.”
“Ah. Magnolia Reinhart, then. She’s harder to read, as [Ladies] are, but her maid, butler, and so on all had people in their desires. It’s…complicated.”
“How so?”
Ilvriss just wanted to know if they were monsters in disguise. Xesci hesitated.
“The [Butler] loves someone who’s dead. I can tell. They tend to be idealized. Captured in a particular pose or dress. The maid—”
“Ressa. Former Assassin’s Guild.”
“—She’s simpler. A number, including Lady Reinhart herself. I’m not sure if that’s love or desire. However, Lady Reinhart?”
“Yes?”
“…I could do someone attractive to her, certainly. But the face of the real person she wants is—impossible. I’d fail. I could become him…but I’d still be wrong. And I don’t know why.”
The [Courtesan] frowned. Professional pride appearing for the first time. She was reluctant to divulge these deep, intimate secrets, but she did. Ilvriss sat up.
“Please, explain. Could that mean…?”
“Oh, no. I know who she loves. It would be that fellow—I saw him in the scrying orb. Grand Magus Eldavin.”
“Really. That explains a lot. If I could use this, Salazsar would be able to confirm a number of intelligence hypotheses that—sorry, sorry. Secret.”
Nerul sat back as Xesci gave him a look. Ilvriss frowned.
“That’s not too unusual.”
Xesci nodded patiently.
