8.44 O
Page 19
“That’s a vial, dummy. You catch them and drink them or it looks as stupid as…that.”
“What is it?”
Lyonette whispered. Her throat was sore, she felt exhausted and grumpy, and the naked Drake was not who she wanted to see right now. Saliss raised his brows.
“A Hangover Potion. But if you don’t want it…”
The [Princess] scrambled so fast to down the orange-flavored vial of actually tasty liquid for once that Mirn snorted. He nodded at her as she came downstairs, headache and fog already clearing.
“Where’s Onieva? I have to thank her, and you, Mirn, for last night. And the Gentlemen Callers…?”
“Gone. They’re looking into the people who tried to kill you. They said they finally have a lead since some were actually taken alive. Onieva’s resting.”
Saliss replied in a matter-of-fact tone.
“Is she here?”
“Nope. She’s private and she partied harder than you. You’ll see her around.”
Lyonette could believe Onieva needed a rest, hangover cure or not. She’d seen how much the Drake drank. Cire, Onieva—they were excellent customers, in a sense, for The Wandering Inn.
“Well, thank you, Mirn.”
“No problem. Saliss and I can keep you company without them.”
“Really? You’re not busy, Saliss? I thought you were working on the potion with the flowers all night.”
“Nope. I took a break too.”
“I trust it was somewhat fun? I had…a somewhat enjoyable experience.”
The Named Adventurer paused for an infinitesimal moment Lyonette missed as she stared at a bought breakfast; no one cooked here, not Mirn or the two [Alchemists].
“I’m told other people had a fun night. Onieva can have all the fun she wants. Saliss gets the jobs. Saliss is the responsible one, and can you believe that?”
“It boggles the mind.”
Mirn whispered. Saliss shrugged.
“Everyone needs Saliss. My cousin’s even more worthless than I am, if you can believe that.”
“No. She’s not.”
Lyonette glanced up from a sandwich as the two Drakes locked gazes. Saliss obviously didn’t like Mirn; maybe it was a history? She knew that.
“I can’t believe you figured it out. We’ve…have we wasted the potential of the flowers?”
Xif’s first remark made Lyonette sit up. Saliss turned back to Xif, and a huge, happy smile crossed his features.
“Xif, my friend…absolutely, yes. I figured it out and you didn’t. And all your hard work has, in fact, been negative work. I figured it out and you—”
He got up and began to dance, chortling at the Gnoll [Alchemist]. Lyonette stared at them blankly.
 
——
 
They caught her up on the unique properties of the Faerie Flowers later. Lyonette shook her head.
“You mean, by trying to find out their properties…”
“We have now created nearly a thousand bad combinations with them. Which means anything based off of those formulas is probably gone too. As it stands, we have a flower that’s a powerful fertilizer, sleeping agent, painkiller, drink additive…now we have to figure out what can be made that’s not ruined by Xif’s hard work.”
For all that, Saliss didn’t appear as annoyed as Lyonette expected him to be. If anything, he was more focused and less annoying than usual. He turned to Lyonette.
“What’s the first thing to do? I promised Wilovan and Ratici I’d stay with you.”
“Well, looking into the killers after me would be my first step—”
“—And they’re doing it. I’d advise you not to get in their way.”
Lyonette bit her lip, but she accepted that with a curt nod.
“Then, Mrsha. I have a number of people to petition.”
“Alright, then.”
 
——
 
That was how Lyonette found herself sitting and sipping tea with Magnolia Reinhart.
