8.44 O
Page 24
“I would prefer to know what you plan to offer Oteslia, or the Drakes at large, yes, Lady Reinhart.”
The woman pursed her lips, but to Lyonette’s deepest surprise, she nodded.
“Very well. Ressa, fetch some of the materials.”
“You’ll tell me?”
This was not Magnolia Reinhart’s modus operandi at all. Nor was it wise in any game to show anyone the cards you wanted to hold onto; knowledge was power, even if it was only time to prepare and think. Yet, Magnolia Reinhart met Lyonette’s gaze calmly.
“I cannot have secrets. Not for this. It must be a plan without frill or duplicity. Do you see why I struggle so, Lyonette? This is what I intend…”
She outlined her plan. Lyonette’s head shot up. She leaned forwards and said—
 
——
 
But of course, her daughter mattered more. Lyonette was already flustered when she went to meet with Wall Lord Ilvriss.
Who also knew who she was. At this point, the [Princess] felt like she should wear her tiara just to present herself properly.
“Miss Marquin. I apologize for the awkward situation. Alchemist Saliss. Greetings.”
It was actually one of the few times the two had met. Lyonette forgot they were not actual contemporaries, for all that Pallass had been open to Liscor for a while. Saliss walked butt-naked into Ilvriss’ temporary estates.
“Wall Lord. I hope you don’t mind, but I dressed up for the occasion. Is that Shriekblade lying in a pool of her vomit? Classic Tessa.”
Ilvriss had been prepared, but no one was prepared for Saliss. He actually did a double-take, snapped his gaze up from Saliss’ bare…bareness. Even Lyonette looked askance at the [Alchemist]. What did he…?
Both Human and Drake looked down and their eyes tracked a miniature version of a tuxedo or similar dress.
…Attached to Saliss’ tail. Ilvriss closed his eyes. Then he turned to Lyonette.
“This way, Lyonette. I presume we shouldn’t stand on formalities?”
She smiled at him, genuinely, for the first time that day.
“Of course not…Ilvriss. If that’s acceptable?”
“I would rather imagine that lies up to you, Lyonette. Thank you. I have to apologize again—one of my employees, the Named Adventurer Shriekblade, is ill, so this serves a dual purpose.”
Mannerisms. If Magnolia, even at her most open, was a kind of dignified, charming social dance, and the Druids a fairly blunt enclave, then Ilvriss was a different kind to both. He had that [Merchant]’s manner, almost. Businesslike, direct, but with a certain style of due dignity and ceremony. Lyonette had some familiarity with it, and sped up her own tempo to match his, like a good [Diplomat].
Speaking of which, Ilvriss introduced her in quick succession to Nerul, a charming, if somewhat portly Drake, Captain Shieldscale, a brusque [Soldier]’s [Captain], and Xesci, who seemed too charming to be a [Secretary], and the comatose Shriekblade.
“My personal aides this time. A rather…different group, but trustworthy.”
Lyonette frowned. She had little read on the [Captain] or Xesci, but Nerul made her hair want to stand up. As a [Princess] of the famous political kingdom, she had more respect and wariness for him than anyone else in the room except for Shriekblade.
She sat there, muttering to herself.
“She’s dead. I’m dead. She’s dead. I’m dead…”
Saliss had focused on her without even doing more than nodding at Nerul and giving Xesci a second look and frowning. He squatted down as Lyonette was caught up as to the reason Shriekblade was in this state. She bit her lip and Ilvriss glanced at her.
“Goblins?”
