8.44 O
Page 16
Rafaema looked around and her throat went dry. Esse, the Sentry, was calmly locking the door. As one did, when not letting anyone in. But…they were the last person in the bar besides them. Evacuated, in less than ten minutes.
Shoddy. You should all be out the door in less than one minute. A wakeup call.
“We believe you, Raef. Onieva, don’t scare him. It’s just…there are rules. Call it paranoia, but anyone who seems odd who isn’t known? Concerning.”
Mirn winked. Raef swallowed. Sword on hip. Activate teleport scroll or alarm and Makhir can be here like lightning. But he and Ferris don’t know I’m here. I gave them the slip!
“What have I done besides show up?”
“Nothing. That’s fair. Like I said, we have to be paranoid. So we’re not accusing you of anything. If you belong, you belong. But the ring needs to come off.”
Rafaema jerked. How did they…? No one should be able to tell. No one except—
Onieva’s eyes glittered as she glanced at Rafaema. The Lightning Dragon looked down at her ring. Had she adjusted it and made it more noticeable? Fool. Fool—
The air began to ionize in her lungs. She spoke, calmly as she could, in a whisper. They didn’t know her.
“I’m sorry, but I really won’t tell anyone.”
“I’m sure. But you cannot walk in here in disguise.”
“…Isn’t that the point?”
Mirn blinked. Then he threw back his head and laughed. He swung himself out of the bar and Rafaema twisted, hand on her sword hilt. But the Drake looked at Onieva and shrugged.
“He’s got us there. Onieva, maybe we’re being too overprotective?”
“Psht. Maybe we are, but that’s our job, Mirn.”
Onieva swept her neck spines back. Mirn hesitated.
“…Let me talk to the bartender. One sec. Onieva, come with me. Raef? One minute, I promise.”
He headed towards the back door. Onieva followed. Rafaema hesitated.
I’m in a trap. I have to go, now. She stood up, wavered, as she heard the back door shut. Not that way. So she strode over to the front door. She didn’t have the key, but she could unlock it from the front! She fumbled with the locks, listening for anyone coming through.
They’re the most dangerous if they think I’m after them. I just have to risk it. I—
They were her people too, weren’t they? But they didn’t know her. She didn’t want to have to kill them, or call down Manus and Oteslia’s wrath on them. Rafaema was still a Dragon. Like Cire, but with training. If she had to—
She tore the door open, teleport scroll in her claw, wings opening wide to shoot into the sky, at a speed that would take even them by surprise. She would have leapt forwards, but for the fact the door was blocked.
“Hi there. My name’s Onieva.”
A Drake with pink and cobalt scales smiled at her. Her mismatched eyes gleamed under moonlight. And the glowing bottle she held.
Rafaema recoiled with a cry of surprise. Her sword rang as she dropped the scroll, but Onieva just waited for the Drake’s impulsive lunge. Then she slammed the door in Rafaema’s face.
The Dragon collided with the door in a whumph as it slammed shut. She caught herself, whirling—were they going to attack? Wh—
Then she saw the bottle, stuck to the door with a bit of something tacky. The glowing bottle that had been in Onieva’s claws. Rafaem—
 
——
 
The door wasn’t up to Mirn’s quality, but it still reflected the burst of force without more than a quiet burp. Onieva threw the door open, and strode in.
Mirn’s club was in her claws. He had a backup, and could have helped, but she was the highest-levelled person here.
