8.44 O
Page 13
He stopped, and checked a note he carried. Carefully, Mirn walked over to a door set among countless other doors in a residential street, and knocked twice.
“Excuse me. I’m looking for a cow?”
Without a word, the door opened. Onieva mouthed silently.
“Why a cow?”
The Gnoll sitting inside the doorway grinned.
“It’s a good password, though, isn’t it?”
“No. It’s really not. Hello, Onieva and Mirn.”
The Sentry’s eyes widened.
“I’ve heard of you. The Mirn and Onieva?”
“Keep it secret. What the hell are you doing, talking before the door’s closed?”
Mirn scowled. Abashed, the Sentry closed the door, and locked it. Mirn checked the door, looked around the Turnscale bar, as they were known, and saw this one was big. Big, populated, and, to his eyes, established.
Some of the bars like the ones he had to run had a lifespan of days or months at most. They were literally abandoned buildings or rented. This one? It had custom sofas in circular patterns, a magical ‘curtain’ to separate one section, and areas for relaxation, consultation…Onieva blinked.
“Is that a smoking section?”
“Like it? I’m Esse. It’s got magical containment so you can have a puffer and not disturb everyone else.”
“Dead gods. I’ve got some. This place is…”
The Sentry smiled proudly as Mirn and Onieva looked around. The two chorused almost at the same time.
“Unsecured.”
Esse looked puzzled. Mirn pointed at the door.
“This isn’t reinforced enough. You’ve got a decent lock, but I could blow this thing down with a single spell. Where’s your magical shielding?”
“This is too crowded.”
Onieva agreed with a frown. There had to be three hundred people in here at once! Which, of course, was a given due to Oteslia’s massive population—millions meant that any Turnscale population could easily fill a bar like this and every inch of it several times over. However, allowing so many was a risk.
“How are you going to evacuate them if it goes bad? What about a raid?”
Mirn glanced at the other Sentry. Esse blinked, then grinned.
“Oh, a raid? We haven’t had one of those—not a raid—for a decade! Trust me, we’ll hear it coming.”
“That’s what they all say, before everyone gets caught and exiled. And you’re using a week-old password with the cow thing.”
The Gnoll’s smile vanished as she realized this wasn’t a joke or light commentary, Mirn was serious. The [Protector] glared at Esse.
“Magical shielding? How long has this bar been open? You know you should rotate every two years at most. What about screening?”
“Listen, you just walked in here and you have a problem? Take it up with our Architects. I’m just the Sentry for this bar.”
“This bar? You have more?”
Onieva and Mirn chorused, outraged. Esse frowned at them, and glanced around for someone more senior.
“I don’t know what Pallass is like. I hear horror stories, but please, Architect, Sentry—relax. Oteslia’s more like the other cities.”
“Other cities…I’ve never seen this. Not in the other Walled Cities.”
Mirn shook his head. Onieva just frowned around. Then frowned deeper as someone knocked on the door. Reflexively, she and Mirn backed away as Esse casually adjusted the spyhole. He should have motioned them back; there should be a checkpoint area to shield the interior from view and buy a second, or at least a spell trap waiting to hit anyone coming through.
What was wrong with them?
The two settled down at an actual bar with a variety of drinks and food. Rude opening aside, they were still Mirn and Onieva, and some recognized them once they introduced themselves.
