8.45 O
Page 17
“Why? Which part? Not wasting lives and weapons at the Bloodfields? Do you know how much it costs to clear it out each year, to begin with? We lose nearly a dozen [Soldiers], even when we clear it at range.”
“After the last battle? When House Veltras—”
“Oh, so you’d be fine if you thought we won the last one?”
The babble of voices grew, but Magnolia Reinhart clapped her hands.
“Excuse me.”
And there was silence. She spoke, brightly.
“I believe there are three issues in the contract. Each one I hope to discuss. I hope each one is reasonable. Let us break it down, if you will. The first is simple. A clear-cut agreement that we do not need to be at war any longer. That the Bloodfields skirmishes waste lives. What does anyone gain from them?”
No one had an immediate response. They fought there because Humans and Drakes were at war. But to outsiders, including Lyonette, it was the most reasonable part of Magnolia’s proposal. She shook her head.
“It has always seemed to me that the only thing that wins at those skirmishes are the Bloodfields themselves. The most you could say is that some level from the conflict, and that is a poor silver lining. Indeed, some years, both Human and Drake groups have refused to send soldiers to fight and die there. This will simply make that arrangement, that sensibility, permanent.”
“And invite critique from all sides.”
“I imagine that is already the case for anyone who is present, Wall Lord Aldonss.”
Magnolia returned. The Wall Lord hesitated, but gave her a grudging nod.
“If you had that as your only clause, we could discuss it. But this second part—Manus would never accept it. A complete defensive pact if the north is attacked by Terandria? Your Houses Veltras and Wellfar just attacked a Human navy.”
Magnolia grimaced.
“I will admit, Wall Lord Aldonss, that was not the case when this contract was drafted. Do note the date.”
…Months ago. Ilvriss nodded. That was fair. Yet the Wall Lord went on.
“Very well, but in exchange, you promise that the north—or whichever Houses sign this, and I see around two dozen—”
Bethal Walchaís.
Zanthia of House Briez
Pryde Ulta—who had written her name in a tiny gap above Bethal’s, just below Magnolia’s. Lady Wuvren…Lyonette recognized the names.
“Powerful Human Houses. But they would march entire armies to defend us if a third Antinium War broke out?”
Those present were patently skeptical. To which Magnolia simply responded.
“Of course we would. By ship or through Liscor. I chose the two largest enemies of our peoples; Terandria and the Five Families have an uneasy relationship, as the present now indicates. The Antinium…even more so. [Diplomat] Nerul, I assure you we might even provide a clause that exempts Ailendamus in this case if war were to break out before signatories begin signing. But yes, Drakes might well join the north.”
“And be wiped out. We march our armies north, they die and we’re weakened.”
A Drake from Fissival folded his arms. A Pallassian [Senator], Errif, edged away from him. Magnolia Reinhart frowned mightily.
“This is a magically enforced clause, Spell Lord Uhis.”
“There are ways around it. We need not send all our forces.”
“Then you will not. I do not believe any [Strategist] would demand that, anyways. But it is still binding.”
Magnolia Reinhart’s eyes glittered and the Spell Lord frowned, looking for a retort.
“…Then why would we take this as genuine that the Five Families would come to our aid during an Antinium incursion?”
