8.45 O
Page 2
“What is wrong with you?”
Lyonette du Marquin saw Magnolia’s hand stop, a bit of cake perched on the fork.
“I beg your pardon?”
The [Princess] was shaking. She looked at Magnolia. Her plan still echoed in Lyonette’s mind. It could work. It could. It was intelligent, it had been well-planned.
Yet something was wrong. And it was this.
“Forgive me, Lady Magnolia. But I meant to say…what is wrong with you? What has changed? Why are you so…timid?”
Lyonette du Marquin rose along with Ressa’s brows. But the [Maid] did not look disapproving. She saw Lyonette stand like everything she was.
Red hair, blue eyes, the product of luck or Skill—a strikingly beautiful young woman who held herself, even in ‘disguise’, with the poise she had been taught from birth. Something else as well. A dignity, an age she had earned that her sisters lacked.
Not just like a [Princess]. Like youth, the very embodiment of it. It was quite familiar to the two. It hurt that it was nostalgic, because it meant you truly had changed. Even when you swore you wouldn’t.
Age judged youth. It famously loved to do so. However—youth? It went two ways, and it was never comfortable. That was called fairness.
“What do you mean, Miss Marquin?”
The [Princess]’ eyes flashed.
“I must struggle, Lady Reinhart, to find help for my daughter.”
“Which I have given, to the fullest extent I can without tangling this issue further.”
Lyonette jerked her chin down, in a grudging nod.
“I know, and I thank you on behalf of The Wandering Inn, and myself, Lady Reinhart. That is not what I was referring to. Rather—I am perplexed. No, I am angry and outraged. Because I had come here expecting to beg and fight for a single favor, not have it held out wholesale.”
“One supposes it would be a lovely relief. Why do I feel as though you hold the opposite to be true?”
Magnolia’s eyes were outwardly perplexed, but she tapped her forefinger against the stem of her teacup. Lyonette shook her head.
“That is the good, equitable, nice thing to do, Lady Magnolia. It is not what I expect of the Deadly Flower of the North! I was prepared to sign almost anything. That I would sign…something punitive. Demanding. Not necessarily unfair, but which gave you something I did not know I possessed, or was willing to part with. And in return, I would have the famous carriage. Or the aid of no one less than Ressa, and damn the consequences.”
“Interesting. Is that all?”
Lyonette was breathing hard already, but she met Magnolia’s gaze because she couldn’t speak like this and not do that. Her eyes strained, so she focused on the words pouring out.
“No. You came to Zeres like a storm. Forced the Serpentine Matriarch to allow you access, displayed the grandeur of your house. Then—you came to Oteslia like a mouse. All these people who have come to visit you, Zeres besieging the city itself? You have not…pulled at them. Or pushed. I know you can.”
“What do you imagine of me?”
Magnolia toyed with a ring on her finger. She was still. Lyonette didn’t have to imagine it.
“Secrets. Everyone has them. A Wall Lady suddenly supports you because of a little letter on her dress stand. Another—a rich [Merchant] is set to become very rich if she backs you. So she does. It does not cost House Reinhart as much because there are clever ways to do it. Preferential treatment. Another group backs you because you tacitly support their enemies.”
“Calanferian politics, in short.”
