8.45 O
Page 14
They charged down the corridor, turned, cursing, and headed right. Where were they? Rickel? Wilovan? Ratici? They must be fast, but…wait a second.
…Where were they?
“This way, this way!”
In the exact opposite direction, Rickel urged Wilovan on. Ratici was jabbing something into Wilovan’s shoulder.
“Antidote. If that bastard cut it with something else…”
“It will do. Give me my hat.”
Wilovan snatched the hat out of Rickel’s hands. Ratici was turning, priming a weapon, but no one was coming after them. They were going…the wrong way.
“We have a minute. They think we went that way. Come on!”
The two traded glances. Oteslia’s best gang…? But Rickel was running, and he could run.
Some people were sprinters. Other people were marathoners. Rickel belonged to the hundred meter—get-out-of-trouble specialists. He dodged around a screaming [Waitress], vaulted a cart—Ratici was already next to him. Wilovan just charged through everything but the Human, who he tipped his hat to.
“Terribly sorry, Miss—”
Rickel pointed, and Wilovan crashed through a door into a yard around The Dragon’s Horde. There was a wall. And…a ladder?
“I should have put it up, but I wasn’t sure I’d have time.”
Ratici blinked, stowing a grappling hook. Wilovan looked at Rickel.
“It was a risky bet to gamble on. If your Skill didn’t work…”
Rickel shook his head, grinning desperately.
“What kind of idiot bets on life-or-death stuff? I’m not a high-level [Gambler]. Shit, they’re coming…”
The ladder, strategically placed, was being wrestled into position, but the fastest members of the gang had come right after them. They poured out the door—and into Wilovan’s club.
Thump. Thump. Thump. A heavy sound emerged in quick succession, puzzling the Human at first. His heart was pounding out of his chest. He had never done this, risked his life like this, but—what was that sound?
One, two, three, four, five-six, seven—Rickel heard the sounds and turned as Ratici swarmed up the ladder. He turned, and stopped for a second.
Seven bodies and a [Thief] halted before exiting into that deadly kill-zone. A Gnoll stepped back, and stormed to the ladder.
“Up, up!”
Ratici grabbed Wilovan and he tumbled over the wall. Rickel leapt and landed hard, swearing. Ratici nimbly dove and landed like a cat—but he tossed down one last object before he did.
The whumph and smoke and screams echoed in the background as the three ran for it. Rickel kept pace until he had to slow, clutching at his side. Ratici and Wilovan just towed him on.
“Well, that’s torn it. We need either the Watch or to get Miss Lyonette to safety. If they’ll continue.”
“Might not. The Watch will never get them, Wilovan. They’re right in the open. Either they’re twisted to sideways, or something’s up.”
The two Gentlemen Callers caught their breath. They looked at their hats, put them on their head—and they were alive. Alive, thanks to the Human, grinning, shaking with adrenaline.
“I’m…I’m going to pee. And then puke. I’ve never done that—we nearly died.”
Rickel gasped, holding his heart. Wilovan clapped him on the shoulder.
“We didn’t, thanks to you, sir.”
“I know…you’ve got to go!”
“What about you?”
Rickel had run so hard he tasted iron. He tried to speak, coughing.
“—catch up. You have to go. You’re with the Human with the Faerie Flowers, right? She’s going to be assassinated! Poruniv’s sending a huge group. In the open.”
Wilovan and Ratici tensed.
“You’re sure?”
“I heard him and double-checked. I’ll—”
