8.45 O
Page 16
Ilvriss read one with Nerul and the [Diplomat] began swearing before he was halfway down the page. He recognized a legally-binding magical contract when he saw one, but it was what it contained that made his mind race. Navine held it up for her mother, eyes incredulous. Rafaema read her copy with Cire peeking at her.
“Is she serious?”
Rafaema scoffed. But Cire just blinked.
“Wait…is it bad? It’s not…”
“This is ridiculous.”
One Gnoll from Zeres tore her copy up before she was halfway through. Her companion, rather than join her friend, gave her a steady look.
“Why don’t we read it first before shredding it entirely? Excuse me, Miss Human? Another copy, please.”
“But the contents…is this serious? It’s nothing!”
“On the contrary. It’s everything. It may be less ambitious than you expect of me—but I think it is eminently acceptable. Or do you disagree, First Gardener?”
Lyonette had her own copy, proffered to her by Reynold. She read the same thing she had looked at yesterday. It was indeed simple. Iron-tight, such that even Nerul doubted Mister Superior and all his best teammates could find a loophole. But simple.
“Uncle. I think I have it all set out; it’s the most straightforward contract I’ve read. But can you make sure we have it right?”
Osthia was staring at it and blinking. Nerul cleared his throat and Navine and Helessia drifted over.
“Of course, nephew. Family. It’s…well. It is a straightforward, three-part contract. Three clauses, no open ways to rephrase or add anything. Firstly, a commitment to the project known as the ‘Wall of South and North’—that bit’s a placeholder. Second? A mutual defense clause. If the signatories underlined therein come under attack, their counterparts are obligated to come to their aid only if the following groups should attack. From the north: Terandria. From the south? Antinium.”
Makhir was blinking at the contract. A mutual defensive pact against two specific enemies. Not Baleros, or the King of Destruction. But the Antinium? Rafaema wanted to know what Manus would make of that.
“That’s…and the last bit?”
Navine looked at Nerul. The [Diplomat] smiled and nodded at Magnolia like he was a [Fencer], acknowledging the first cut of a bout. She winked back with a smile.
“What I suspect will cause the biggest fight because it might actually be…a simple non-aggression pact. Again, non-binding in terms of future wars. It does not prohibit us from making war or joining it on the north. It does, however, declare that the signatories—the sides who sign the pact will no longer consider themselves in a state of war. Humans and Drakes. They will not support, financially or militarily, the yearly conflict in the Bloodfields, and will agree to open borders and trade…assuming there are any that exist, which, given the state of things, is impossible. But it would mean…”
“Peace.”
Ilvriss murmured succinctly. An end to even the scheduled battle at the Bloodfields that cost lives each year. In truth, it even made sense. Neither side waged war as they could, because of the Antinium. But it was—
“You cannot be serious, Magnolia Reinhart. Do you think we’ll agree to this?”
“Which part…is it Merchant Redoger?”
“You have it right, Lady Reinhart. And I represent my city of Marwsh, not just as a [Merchant]. You would have us agree to put money into this wall, say we’re at peace—what will the other cities think?”
“That it is a good idea?”
Navine snapped. She turned.
“Honestly, what part of this is so concerning? I would like to hear more—”
“Wall Lady Navine! This is far too much to accept!”
