8.45 O
Page 31
Well, there was Wall Lord Ilvriss, curiously missing his ring himself. Wall Lady Navine and Helessia, shielded from the rain by a kindly [Combat Butler], both looked at the Human. The ring. The [Knights].
All that was missing was a scrying orb. Fortunately, Ressa had slapped and deactivated every one she could see. But here it was.
Oteslia. City of Growth. Rickel laughed until he nearly fell off the rooftop he was watching from. He sipped a cup of coffee and laughed in delight.
You loved to see it.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I can, of course, check Twitch chat when I write, which is a hindrance and a help. But sometimes I can tell if a chapter is good or not…and be surprised either way.
I feel this is stronger. It has the flaws of a web serial, but I was ‘in the zone’, which applies to writers as well as athletes. Anyone can do it in any scenario, I think.
This was 20,000 words over two days, and…18,000 in one sitting. One of the longest chapters I’ve written, albeit in two parts how I posted it. The reason it came out this way is because of how I’ve learned to write, even over the last few years.
It is not that I become better at every chapter I do. I have ups and downs. But my new system of writing over three days, rather than one, allows more chances for quality to emerge. Me streaming live-writing, doing things like exercising before I write, stretching, all sometimes click together for my best chapters.
Now, was this one of them? I don’t know. That would be your decision. But I felt good writing it. It may rush in places, especially near the end, some parts especially prose might suffer as I work onwards, but it is spontaneous, even though parts are planned. How it comes out is random. Like…experimental cooking. Every now and then you get a nice cake.
Thanks for reading.
 
Zel vs Ilvriss by Curry, commissioned by Ayutac!

 
Gothics, Yellat Day, and more, by LeChat!
                                         
 
Wyrm, Fetohep, Mushroom, and more by Brack!
                                                                        
 

