8.45 O
Page 5
“I do not need more wealth, Miss Lyonette. I could throw away every artifact and gold coin I could get my hands on and not notice it. I do not, actually, need more power. Not in that regard. Isn’t it lovely that they are making something of themselves? I am sure they are levelling up and doing something worthwhile, that helps multiple cities.”
“You didn’t help them.”
Lyonette accused Magnolia. She sat down, because she was getting tired of standing to little point. Magnolia shook her head. She pursed her lips, and again, seemed to quote something.
“We cannot shape them. Only give them the chance to be all they might. A tyrant’s claw weighs down on all souls, yet the hand of kindness smothers as well. If they are to rise, Lyonette, they should do so on their own merits.”
“…I have never heard that sentiment expressed before, Magnolia. Not once. The first part about tyrants—of course. Never the second. Why would you not help people? Focus on them? Bring out their best?”
“Whether they want to or not? That is quite like The Wandering Inn, Miss Marquin. Quite like a certain young woman who could see the best of everyone. Antinium, Goblins.”
“Yes. You don’t share that belief?”
Magnolia Reinhart smiled, eyes glittering.
“I did. However, I have met wiser guides. It is entirely possible for me to gain my way by force and words. It will not change anything. I came here not to drag Drakes kicking and screaming into peace, but persuade them. So yes. I will not bully or blackmail or threaten them. Nor will I tempt their greed and avarice, or push one or the other into potential. I came here for something far longer. That applies to how I have acted. Earth…is a dratted inconvenience. But for it, I could have worked in peace, I think.”
Lyonette looked at Magnolia.
“Who told you that? They’re wrong. Without Erin…without the inn, the world would be worse off. You need to find the best in people. She’s befriended Goblins and Antinium and…”
“…They stand out. Don’t they? Ahead of their time. Touched by a kindly [Innkeeper]. They will have the most difficult lives one can imagine. Perhaps it is kinder, to give them all that, as terrible as their lives have been and will be. Perhaps. But that is Erin Solstice’s choice, not mine. Because she can do quite a lot where she stands, but I? I could do everything. I could build them a city, engineer pacts and peace and gather them up.”
Magnolia clapped her hands and Lyonette saw it. A city, perhaps not Liscor, somewhere safer, backed by all of the cunning of the Five Families, the wealth, agents like Ressa and Reynold who kept undesirables away.
Manufactured.
“A tyranny of kindness. No. That is too far. I admire your struggles, Miss Marquin. If you ever come to where I stand, I wonder if you will think as I do, though. Hate me. Take whatever I offer, or do not. But I oppose only the rawest calamities. The Spider. All out war. I do not lift up, and I do not crush anymore. I leave people be. If they will change, make more of themselves, that is well and I support it. I refinance areas struck by disaster, I offer opportunity. But if they will not change, if they will not do anything, I do not force them. It is their choice.”
She turned to Lyonette.
“That is freedom. That is the ideal way to rule, if you strip down your own ambitions and moralities and views of how you think the world should be to its plain core. Strive to make the world better without forcing people into your schemes.”
