8.45 O
Page 15
They were already going, but Ratici held for a second to hear Rickel’s voice. Wilovan was pounding down the pavement—where was she now? Rickel gasped. He had saved them in a moment when even they thought they’d die. But why? Who was he? Part of the answer was in Rickel’s next words.
A question.
“Ask her. Is she…? Are we from the same place? If she is—”
He grinned. At last. At last!
“We’re on the same side.”
 
——
 
Magnolia Reinhart stood with her famous carriage behind her. She walked down across a gloriously long carpet, past lines of servants holding treasures. In that moment, she looked like a fitting guest of Oteslia.
The scion of the Five Families. The Deadly Flower of the North. A foe, perhaps. To be trusted? How could they trust her?
What did she want, really? Some dearly wanted it to be something genuine, like Navine. Others saw her as inherently untrustworthy, the great manipulator in some game they could barely see.
Ilvriss studied the [Lady] as she passed him by. Lyonette looked at Magnolia, hands clenched in her dress, disturbed by their conversation of yesterday. Waiting. All of them.
“Drakes and Gnolls of Izril. Or is it ladies and gentlemen?”
Magnolia’s lips quirked. No one spoke, nor did they chuckle. She looked around, eyes alight.
“I know I have put on something of a show. We have engaged with my visit in delightful ways. And, I will admit, less delightful and somewhat tedious little gatherings. I suppose it is to be expected; we are nominally enemies, after all.”
That alone drew a chuckle. Drakes nodded; at least she wasn’t going to lie about the truth. Magnolia nodded as well.
“Yet we could dance forever, and while some of us dance quite well…I did not pack my dancing shoes, among the many things I thought to bring. Some of them gifts. And I do mean that quite sincerely: gifts. None of this is meant to impel you to a decision. In the coming moments, I will lay out a proposal. It is my sincere hope you will ask questions, think on it, and reply in earnest. I hope, naturally, that some of you choose to agree, to participate. But I will not force you.”
Her eyes lit on Lyonette.
“I will not lie, or obfuscate the truth. Which is quite difficult for me—”
More titters of amusement. Magnolia glanced about, breaking the look.
“—but it must be this way. Without further ado: Ressa. Please distribute copies of my proposal.”
“And what would that be, Lady Reinhart?”
A Drake called out, one who hadn’t lost a monocle and was Wall Lord of Manus. Rafaema frowned at him; he wasn’t of the High Council. Hunt Commander Makhir’s ears twitched.
“Why, Wall Lord Aldonss, exactly what I claimed and said from the beginning. This is a gathering, put on by the First Gardener, to assemble like-minded Drakes—or anyone willing to listen—to propose a simple thing. Peace. Between Human and Drakes. As I have said from the start.”
The Wall Lord looked at Magnolia. He began to snort…but then stilled.
“You mean, you were serious?”
She sighed. But it was not an uncommon reaction. Peace? It was too simple. Too…straightforwards for a woman rumored to walk in zig-zags and squiggles. Yet it was true. She had come here, to try and make peace. That was what she did. That it took them by surprise said something about plans and schemes.
Ressa and six other [Maids] and two [Butlers], including Reynold, had simple stacks of scrolls in their arms. They passed them out, and Drakes gathered around, reading over each other’s shoulders, snatching more to inspect. It was a contract—a copy of the one Magnolia Reinhart presented to the First Gardener.
