8.45 O
Page 26
As Zeres’ army drew back. They could attack. An arrow could claim her life—well, if it got past her ring. But would they attack?
For there walked the First Gardener, Mivifa, Wall Lord Ilvriss, and more. Would you attack? Because you could. And if you did, it was war. But if there was a chance of peace…
“You did it.”
Eldavin looked at Magnolia. Then—clutched at his heart. Why did it hurt…? But he never took his eyes off of her. Gnolls and Drakes and Humans, walking together, to stop some idiots from getting slaughtered. Daring an army to attack. Knowing full well they wouldn’t dare.
 
——
 
A message. Asale leaned on his chair. Not for the first time, he regretted not accepting Magnolia’s invitation to Oteslia weeks ago, the Serpentine Matriarch’s will or not. He was so focused on the events outside, he nearly missed the next bit.
 
——
 
Inspire them. She was doing it. Just what Lyonette had wanted. Magnolia Reinhart had looked out and seen the Thronebearers wallowing in a trap of their own stupidity—
And she’d gone to save them. Not for them, but because of what it could mean. She’d talked the First Gardener into it, Ilvriss, and the rest. Some had resisted—and it had been no less than Wall Lord Aldonss who agreed first.
Lyonette du Marquin stood on the steps of the ballroom, watching the small group going to thumb its nose at Zeres depart. She would have gone with Magnolia, but the [Lady] had stopped her.
“Not you, Miss Solstice. I think you and the poor unfortunates out there should not be, ah, together on scrying orb. Don’t you?”
That was completely reasonable. So Lyonette remained. She didn’t fear for the [Knights], yet dreaded their arrival. Magnolia might save her some trouble by convincing them to keep their heads down.
Maybe they could go after Mrsha. For once she didn’t dread them as much, not with the cunning [Lady] on her side. Lyonette was wavering, as Cire chased after Rafaema, who was sitting, head in her knees, not with the others.
Naturally, that was when Wilovan and Ratici found her.
“Lyonette! Get inside!”
A Gnoll tore up the stairs, followed by a blur of a figure. Lyonette looked down. He was singed head to toe. His clothing was battered and he had cuts showing through his fur.
“Wilovan?”
Ratici was hot on his heels. The Gentlemen Callers barked one word.
“Assassins!”
Lyonette saw them a second later. Ratici leapt, snatched an arrow out of the air as Lyonette turned and ran. In truth, they misnamed what was coming for her.
[Assassins] used stealth and cunning and had shown how poorly they did in a stand-up fight in the north. The Second Gardener didn’t have many, if any in his Gang. He just sent a mob to kill Lyonette.
Dozens of figures were swarming up the steps, blades in hand. Someone screamed for the Watch as Lyonette looked towards the ballroom. The ballroom filled with people and few guards now, who would be diced in seconds and had so many openings—
“This way!”
Ratici pointed and she raced down the steps. Of all the times—! Magnolia wasn’t here, nor was Saliss, or anyone else! Even the staff had gone!
“Kill the Human!”
“Why are they after me?”
“Flowers.”
Wilovan bellowed. He and Ratici charged down the street. The [Thug] turned, saw a wagon, and bellowed.
“Off your seat, sir!”
A Gnoll had a second to gawp before Wilovan was up. He tore the Gnoll out, tossed him onto the street, and to Lyonette’s surprise, didn’t commandeer the wagon—it would be too slow. Rather, he cut the horses loose by ripping their harness off the wagon, then strode around and struck two wheels with clinical blows.
