8.45 O
Page 19
“A way to make good on the promises outlined. Peace. Defensive pacts. And…a way to be more than distant allies, or disgruntled neighbors. I did not have the way to realize it. So, a long time ago, nearly a decade, really…I reached out to someone who could help me. He completed it, a great work. One of the last, I think. Before his death.”
A name traced out as the project unveiled itself. Lyonette had missed it the first time, and she gasped. Ilvriss murmured.
“Drevish the Architect.”
One of the King’s Seven. The famous, deceased…Rafema stared at it.
“What is it?”
For it was no Walled City she had ever known. It was, in fact, a wall of a strange kind. It had a roof—of sorts. But it was a long, slightly curved wall. No battlements on top. Indeed, no one could walk on top of it. It looked like it would fit into something. And it was entirely hollow. Strong, thick walls, as thick as Manus’ second layer of walls. Defensive spells aimed…up? Some down. Clear anti-tunneling defenses, and two reinforced gates at either end.
The most curious bastion she’d ever seen. It almost looked like it was designed to defend against itself. That was to say, people who’d already entered it. And aerial attacks—half the defenses were pointed straight up.
“I regret to say that Drevish’s amazing abilities did not extend to names. Or rather, he considered the ‘Wall of South and North’ a quite apt title and never bothered to update it. Yet he did pour his genius into this project. I believe it can be done, and quickly too. With the right funding and will.”
“It’s the most damned confusing construction I’ve ever seen. And I grew up in Manus. What…what is this for?”
“And where?”
Wall Lord Aldonss and Merchant Redoger peered at it. Of the two, it was the [Merchant] who asked the right question. Magnolia Reinhart smiled.
“Why, the High Passes, of course. The actual, second area seldom-used. The pass between north and south. This would be a tunnel. A pass…within the High Passes. Protected from monsters and anything underground. A safer road than even Liscor, with respect. Liscor does flood, and it does have the Bloodfields. This? This would be…”
“It would be madness.”
Helessia whispered. The Drake actually tried to prop herself in her bed and her attendants moved to help raise her up. She spoke, coughing lightly, as she looked at Magnolia.
“With all due respect, Lady Reinhart—even I could not agree to this. War-hungry [Lords] would allow its completion—if only to send raiding parties through. It would be the prize to whichever side held it; unfettered access to the enemy’s lands.”
Ilvriss agreed. His scales prickled, just imagining House Veltras holding it, able to send through a lightning-army whenever they wanted.
“Lady Helessia. I am so glad you spoke. Nor do I think you are a fool, and you recognized the very same thing I pointed out to Drevish when I first brought up the problem. To which, I have to say, he laughed and came up with a solution in fourteen seconds. And it is this: no force can or ever will fully take this wall. Because of the gates.”
She pointed. Now, everyone focused as the blueprint focused on the two gates inside the walled tunnel. Two gigantic gates that looked as ugly as any Manus fortification Rafaema was familiar with. She muttered.
“You could put an entire army there and have every [Mage] blast it and it wouldn’t break.”
