8.45 O
Page 7
Wilovan went to tip a hat he didn’t have. There he saw the person to put a question to. It was a burly Drake, laughing at the largest table in the center of things. He had some quite lovely companions, some fellows and ladies of a peculiar sort of expertise in one area—just like Wilovan and Ratici—and he ruled this place.
“Hm. Looks like a few…colleagues.”
“Yes indeed. Good to know a large city doesn’t want for fellows like us.”
The two Gentlemen Callers stopped only a second. A few heads glanced their way. They did not look for the exits. A question was a question when you asked it.
“I wonder if he’ll keep us waiting?”
“It falls in line with the lack of manners we might expect, Ratici. I suggest we start with an appetizer. Do you like…tomato fritters?”
“Wilovan, insofar as I dislike anything, that is the most repulsive food I could imagine.”
“Mm. Appropriate for the moment?”
“…Get two.”
The Gnoll waited politely for a [Waitress] to come over. They waited, and knew that the Drake in the center had noticed them. Even so. A fellow had to wait for the right moment to take the spotlight. They just wondered one thing, if anything.
“Is it today?”
Wilovan glanced up from the knife and fork he was placing just so. He glanced at Ratici.
“We shall find out, won’t we?”
Ratici nodded.
 
——
 
From another perspective, it looked different. The Dragon’s Horde. It sounded like a joke, but the Drakes did like such things.
The tables rolled with coin, but they weren’t a casino, if that word was even in this world’s vocabulary. Not yet. The tables made money, but they had rich clientele.
Which was stupid. Logical, as far as they saw it, but stupid. You didn’t want the rich to come here. Well, you did, but not just the rich. The rich were few and far between, and they tended not to come back if they spent a fortune.
Having more accessible stations for someone with only a bit of gold, and incentives for them to come. More addiction. More…delight.
That was what it could be. As it was, this was clearly just a base of operations. If you came here even a few times, you’d notice figures slipping in and out the back hallways. They avoided you, unless you poked your head in, because you were the innocent guest. And there were rules.
Rules, set down by the huge Drake in the center of the room, at that table three times bigger than even the largest group ones. He was a big fellow, not yet fat, but with the way he was eating, he clearly had reached the top of the food chain. Indeed, he had a huge kind of suit on him.
Again, not a suit—not yet, but a swaggering set of clothes still aping other people’s fashions. Hence the doublet. Terandrian, the watcher guessed. He had a lovely Gnoll on one arm. But she was, in fact, very dangerous, if the stiletto dagger he’d seen her use to nab some treats was any indication.
She was not, however, a Face. There were three of them present. Here was the boss. Here were the best underlings.
Three against…the figure glanced over as he adjusted his hand, half a mind on the game.
Two. He knew the three, not the two, the Gnoll and Drake who’d walked in with style. Hat-men? From the north? He liked them almost at once.
Not so for this lot. There was a lazy Drake, feet up on one of the couches, stacking gold coins and counting them. A Gnoll, sitting with arms wide, trying to hide his patchy fur with regrown fur that still stood out, no matter the dye job.
