8.45 O
Page 6
Who? Who in the world told her that? Lyonette rocked back in her seat. It sounded so weary, so different from what she would have imagined the Magnolia of old saying, she had to believe it wasn’t just something Magnolia had come up with. Who had told her that?
Because—
“You are wrong, Magnolia Reinhart.”
Ressa sighed as Lyonette stood. She looked at Magnolia as Lyonette curtseyed, quite appropriately, as a [Princess] did. A swish of the dresses, an inclination of the head to a powerful [Lady]. No more.
“You are wrong. I will be there for your announcement to the Drakes. It may even succeed. But whoever told you that—there is no limit on the good one can do.”
Magnolia sighed as Lyonette spun on her heel, to visit Ilvriss, so furious she was shaking. She called after Lyonette.
“Very good, Miss Marquin. Drag them kicking and screaming into your vision.”
The [Princess] stormed away without a word. Ressa glanced at Magnolia. She walked over, and for once, sat down, where Lyonette was. Magnolia eyed her, but picked up her cold tea cup. She frowned at it, and it began to steam as the enchanted ceramics warmed themselves.
“She is right, you know. There is nothing wrong with fighting for something. You have, all your life. He’s not perfect. Look what he’s doing now.”
“He is out of his mind and I fear for him. We will head north as soon as this ends, siege or not.”
“…And? You believe everything you just said?”
Ressa folded her arms, glaring. Magnolia sighed.
“The difference that I realized, Ressa, is that when I was Lyonette, she was right. Now? I can move mountains. Teriarch is right. There is too much power to do it fairly. I could never guide Kevin into making Solar Cycles. It would be too easy.”
She stood, brushing at her dress.
“Come, Ressa. It’s time.”
Without a word, the [Maid] rose. She helped prepare for the grand, gentle pact of Magnolia Reinhart. She couldn’t help but remember something that the very same guide and mentor had once said to Magnolia, though. She muttered it and Magnolia stopped dead.
“…you need not be a Dragon yourself, though.”
 
——
 
As Magnolia Reinhart greeted the Drakes of Izril and laid out her grand plan for a kind of peace, two men sat in The Dragon’s Hoard. Fairly appropriately, in name and symbolism, though they couldn’t see all the threads.
“A fairly posh place.”
“Posh?”
Ratici looked at Wilovan. The Gnoll was checking a menu, glancing around. The restaurant section was set in the center, and to the sides were the gambling tables.
Magical cards, dice, even a new area where you could place wagers internationally on events like gladiator bouts or fights. Wilovan glanced over as he heard a small voice, leaking into the magically divided areas.
“…and here comes the Champion of Rust, into the greatest arena of Nerrhavia’s Fallen! The terror that came out of the sands! The One-Armed Warrior! The Silver-Killer! Yv—”
But he was distracted. The Gnoll looked around. If a lot of the guests here were rich, there was a noticeable contingent who were not. Who were…in a word…disreputable.
Of course, a fellow could be honorably disreputable, but Wilovan felt in his marrow these were the gents who did not deserve the name. They skulked in the background, avoiding the light where some Drakes and Gnolls did come to just gamble.
“I wonder where the leader is?”
The [Thief] snorted.
“Look ahead, Wilovan.”
“Ah, a fellow at the heart of things.”
