8.45 O
Page 3
“Politics. Wherever you go. The very heart of diplomacy, with the bows and ribbons removed and the insides exposed. I do not think it is evil, or reprehensible. It is only how we behave. I would not hold it against you, Lady Reinhart. Rather—the Magnolia Reinhart I heard of, that even Calanfer saluted, was the very woman who would strangle anyone in her way with the very noose they wove for her, and drag them after her as unwilling allies. The flower that could not be plucked, even with adamantine gloves.”
At last, Magnolia Reinhart laughed. It was soft, amused, genuinely amused. She shook her head.
“I quite liked that turn of phrase. I still do. What do you think, Ressa?”
“They called you a flower, rather than a viper. Flowers are still innocent, Lady Reinhart. They should have called you a Creler, if they could bear to call a [Lady] that. Crelers don’t just defend or hunt. They crawl into your room and lay eggs in your head.”
Magnolia’s lips quirked. Ressa was fixing Lyonette with a long look that was more painful than the [Lady] herself. It was not disapproving, however. She almost looked encouraging.
“I will admit. I have changed my methods, Lyonette. It is true; I could employ less kindly methods. I could be more persuasive.”
“Yes. Why aren’t you?”
Lyonette was breathing hard. Magnolia pursed her lips. She didn’t move. She just sat there, accepting Lyonette’s frank criticism. That too, was wrong. She was no outraged personality, to throw Lyonette out on her rear. But Lyonette was sure she could say something to singe Lyonette’s ears.
Why have you changed?
To that, Magnolia Reinhart sighed. She put down her teacup, and stretched. She looked at Lyonette—then calmly, and quite deliberately, put her feet up on the low table between them. Lyonette was appalled at such a display of indifference to the Oteslian furniture. But Magnolia Reinhart just looked up at the ceiling and murmured.
“You know. I quite feel like you do, some days. Why should I listen to fools, with no notion beyond swinging a sword at their ‘enemies’? Why do I allow them to impede me? Why should I tolerate them waving a stick in my face, as if that is the only power that matters in this world? I could not. Zeres’ army stands outside. I could prevail on my allies and make their situation untenable. Move other Walled Cities and groups against them. I do have connections.”
She lifted her hand. Lyonette saw it change in the air, her fingers leaving…afterimages? Yet it was a delicate, slow movement. Magnolia Reinhart reached out. Dozens of trailing images of her hands, opening something.
“I could ask him.”
Was it a scroll? Or the idea of a contract? Lyonette saw a man standing there, cursing, staring over the bow of his ship. She saw something, writ between them. A simple contract.
Coin and goods. Trade and security.
Gold for sugar. House Reinhart famously imported it from Baleros, free of [Pirates] or price fluctuations. With none other than…
Lord Admiral Seagrass glanced up, and Magnolia Reinhart smiled. He frowned at her, and only at her, and raised two brows, impatient, glaring over the wreckage of ships after his encounter with The Pride of Wellfar. Lyonette saw something glowing on his arm.
A tattoo. None other than House Reinhart’s. Magnolia nodded at him, and her fingers curled. Then—abruptly—she released her grip, and he faded, looking annoyed. Lyonette saw Magnolia’s head turn.
