8.45 O
Page 4
“I could prevail on a certain, notably upstanding, [Stormlord Captain] with certain…scurrilous rumors to raid Zeres’ famous trade routes. He is no fond friend of them, you know, since the Walled City does like to throw its weight around. He would have a cost, of course, but I could pay it. I could hire [Pirates]. I could forge the same kind of deals my family is famous for.”
“Favors for silence. Murders done. Fortunes stolen. Lies made. Lovers. Lovers. More lovers…discrepancies in taxes paid. Embezzlement. Secret projects and children.”
Ressa had on a pair of reading spectacles. She was going down a list. Lyonette saw Magnolia’s gaze flicker left for a moment. She focused on the cards Ressa was flicking through, hoping to see just one bit of writing…
“It is what I am good at. I do admit it. If you wanted me to, I could even become…nastier. A blade in the dark. That was why the Assassin’s Guild broke ties with me. Not because they were offered more, but because I refused to wield them. I could have the Admiralty of Zeres wake up and find their comrades’ throats cut if I prepared. Is that what you would like, Lyonette du Marquin?”
Lyonette took a moment. She had to look away from that burning gaze. Two burning sage-green and sand-yellow irises in a lovely [Lady]’s face. Not at all soft, even like the most deadly of flowers. She whispered, hoarsely.
“Not all of it, Lady Reinhart. But why do you do none of it?”
Magnolia Reinhart sighed, sat back, and the force behind the stare flicked off like a switch. She looked at Lyonette, tiredly.
“Because, Lyonette. A tyrant is still a tyrant, no matter if she dresses her hand in perfume and hides the blood with silk, rather than steel and sorcery. And a tyrant can change the landscape with force if need be. They can make fortresses, make terrible war, and destroy many things. They can also create places where wealth, learning, and a kind of happiness emerge, that is true. What they cannot do is change minds. You can unite foes against a single enemy. But once the monster is dead, they go back to quarrelling. You can force a cease-fire. Peace does not come like that.”
Lyonette looked at Magnolia. Was she…quoting something?
“That still does not mean you must do without any of it, Lady Reinhart.”
She smiled.
“Of course not, my dear. I do not. There have been times, even recently, when I forced certain people to stop. When I did, I was quite unkind. I simply prefer not to get to that point if at all possible.”
“But why not then—I understand that, Lady Magnolia. I truly do. But what about…there have been times when I felt as though if you had but given us aid—you could have had considerable parts of Liscor! You could have used…”
She hesitated.
“…The knowledge of your guests. They’ve done well for themselves. Some of them.”
“Some.”
“You never used it. They were just guests of yours. I know you are not that simple. Erin…she can find the best in people. Yet I refuse to believe you cannot do the same.”
Ressa nodded, fractionally. Magnolia sighed.
“Very true. I could have had Kevin begin his…what is it? Solar Cycles? Very catchy. Or perhaps unearthed young Joseph’s abilities in kicking round objects. I did not. In truth, I rather expected Erin Solstice to get sick of them, much as I was. She can find the best in people. Yes. I never tried.”
“Why didn’t you? Even Invrisil is making a soccer team. If you…”
