8.45 O
Page 28
They were alarmed. What was wrong? The people stared at the scrying orb where Ilvriss was turning, looking back at Oteslia. The scrying orb was on delay, so they saw the beam of light shoot upwards from inside the City of Growth.
…Ilvriss definitely wasn’t wearing the ring.
 
——
 
But what did it do? Lyonette stared at the glowing ring that had activated due to her distress and fear. Calanfer had objects just like that. Seraphel had a tiara that shielded her from danger, and so on.
Lyonette’s ring of [Fireballs] was pointed, but Wilovan was in the line of fire. Her sword in her free hand that held the glowing ring. Yet it hadn’t exactly done more than scare the army of criminals.
To be fair—that was good. But they realized the light wasn’t harming or hindering them in any way.
“It’s just a trick! Get her!”
Zanzeil, the Gnoll with the Creler-claws, pushed at a low-level [Knifer]. There were nearly eighty in the attack wave left, and the boss himself was on the way since he wanted blood.
And…the Watch wasn’t attacking. Cirediel hesitated as he watched. He’d been about to come to Lyonette’s aid, but there were so many. He raised the brick he’d picked up.
“I’m—I’m—”
Why was the Watch not coming? Pegasus Riders were circling, but an armored core had yet to advance. They were pointing. Seeing something.
“Lady Rafaema, don’t!”
“Out of my way!”
A furious struggle to the side. The only other person who had remained who could help, Rafaema, was struggling with Makhir and Ferris. Both Gnolls had her wings pinned and she was bashing both, Ferris taking the worst of it since Makhir was behind her. Her mouth was sparking, but they were holding her back.
“We cannot risk—”
Cire stared at the two. Then at Lyonette, and the glowing ring. Someone was aiming a bow at her! Where was the Watch?
“Cire, stand back.”
“Aren’t you going to save her?”
The [Guardsman] hesitated. Cire squared his shoulders. He ran forward, brick raised. If they didn’t go for Lyonette, then—
“I wouldn’t do that, Cire.”
Someone blocked him. Cire wavered, but a claw shot out and plucked the brick from his claw before he could move. A huge figure barred the way. He had an impressive physique, not muscled, but a telltale discolored patch on his neck. Well—newly grown scales too.
The Second Gardener, flanked by the last of the Faces under his command, saw spears rise. Instantly, Oteslia’s Watch converged.
“Let go of the First Gardener’s son.”
A warning voice. Neverwhine and his hound hesitated. Even the two-headed dog stared up at nigh on four dozen bows trained on them. But the Drake never moved. He tossed the brick aside.
“Hello, Cire. Don’t worry, it’s all fine. They’ll be out of our city soon enough.”
He grinned at Cire. The Dragon stared up at him. No—not at his face, or build, which were foreign. But at that patch on his neck. His voice trembled.
“Poruniv? Is that…?”
Cire’s old friend looked around at the Watch, who gritted their teeth in silence. At Oteslia’s flying guard, who looked at each other in silent alarm.
Neither Dragon moved, though Rafaema struggled. The light—
 
——
 
A press of bodies around the wagon and walls. [Thugs] and [Thieves] and worse gathered around.
“Someone kill that damned Human already!”
A roar from the frustrated Face leading them. One of the [Thugs], armed with a deadly hammer—a literal hammer, but so deadly if you swung it hard on either end—was queued up. He didn’t want to die, but there were only three of them. All one needed was to get past the [Thief] and [Thug] and strike once.
