8.45 O
Page 27
The wagon collapsed, and Wilovan grunted.
“Ratici—”
“On it.”
A wall of dirt rose, blocking the rest of the street, aside from a single opening. Wilovan glanced at Lyonette.
“Inside this building, Miss. Sword out. We just have to wait for Mister Saliss. Don’t move. Ratici will have the inside. I’ll stand here.”
He set himself. Grimly, calmly. Lyonette felt her throat constricting. Her heart pounding. What madness was this?
She didn’t know, not knowing what had passed with the two. But she did know a dead man when she saw one.
She saw Erin lying on the ground.
“No. Wilovan—don’t—”
“Glad we could get to you, Miss Lyonette. We owe a Rickel a favor. A good man. This is the place, Ratici.”
“A good place, Wilovan.”
The two tipped hats. Lyonette saw Wilovan take a huge breath. He turned, and smiled jauntily at a mob of low-level, deadly, unscrupulous men and women. Then he bellowed, for perhaps the first time in memory.
“Watch! Summon the Watch!”
They never slowed.
 
——
 
As Magnolia Reinhart greeted the Thronebearers, outside the gates, someone came pelting to get them nearly ten minutes after the mob first attacked Lyonette, shouting—Ilvriss turned, cursing, and Saliss blurred. Too late. Everyone who was moving, moved.
 
——
 
A hat lay on the ground. A man made his stand. He should not die. A [Princess] beseeched him, and a fellow tried to honor her request.
It was golden. It was a shout.
“[Boon of the Princess]!”
Out in the open, but she didn’t care. A Gnoll, a [Gentleman Thug], a contradiction in terms, laughed, as it whispered in his mind. It was so bright. Was this real magic?
His club never sang. It just struck and it was a sick thing, as sick as the beast was, without a hat. He held the gap as they went over the top of the walls and wagon. But they came for him. Trying to get past the guardian.
When it fell, they died. But they had knives and arrows. Here came the Gnoll with claws, dodging past two sacrificial pawns. He slashed, six times in a moment, and Wilovan waited for the sting and burn. A fool with a sword ran him through the side.
Too many to dodge. Not for a big lad. The two looked down in shock. At—the torn fabric. The sword literally running through Wilovan’s side—across his fur. His poor coat.
[He Scratched Only Thread].
A club descended on the swordsman as the Gnoll leapt backwards with a cry of alarm. The Drake staggered, alive, but shaking his head, bewildered. Heeding not the cries.
[I Struck Him Deaf].
—Until he fell dead, Ratici’s blades buried in his throat. The [Thug] laughed. It was so golden. No, so bright. Was it just in his head?
…It wasn’t. As the others backed down and Zanzeil fled backwards, and Ecleeif stopped, took one look at the furious duo, and carefully slapped himself with a stray brick and lay down in the alleyway, the rest saw the light.
It did not come from Wilovan’s Skill. It came…from a ring. It should have been bronze. Or it had been. Now, it was gold. It was shining.
The [Worldly Princess] stared at it. What was…this? She saw a ring, the very same ring that Erin Solstice had once worn. A gift—from the Wall Lord of Salazsar light up.
At last. When you needed it. When, and where it mattered most. Just a formality. A trinket that spelled out a single word.
SALAZSAR.
The light burst upwards. In a distant Walled City, an alarm rang.
“A Daughter of the Walls calls for aid!”
“Ilvriss?”
