8.45 O
Page 13
A choked voice. The two were headed for the side of the room, because they had failed. The Second Gardener was alive. Secured behind more protections and a wall of blades. It was probably today, but the Earthtenders would pay the toll.
Not for anyone Level 20. Not for Level 30—Wilovan snarled and ducked a [Dagger Art]. A wide-eyed Drake passed by him, caught in the Skill, and he swung his club once.
But it was two and four. Two and three, since one was incapacitated. A Face…
The air turned to fire. Wilovan inhaled flames and bellowed, the first sound he’d made. Ratici tore out of the flames and saw the Drake named Ecleeif standing there, pointing a finger. No spell. The [Sorcerer] just pointed and the air turned to flame. He backed up, cursing, shooting a spell in his off-hand with a wand as Ratici dove at him.
A hound leapt. It covered thirty feet like a bullet of flesh and weight. Ratici performed an [Aerial Dodge], just in time for Neverwhine to come from the other side, with, of all things, a shield and whip. It cracked, the tip exploding in the air with a shower of deadly ‘sparks’. Flechette shrapnel. Ratici felt one sting his arm for the first time.
Wilovan was on fire, but he barrelled out of the flames, as the [Sorcerer] tried to suck the air out of the world. The Gnoll came face-to-face with a shorter Gnoll. But his paws were armed with the signature weapon prized by Gnolls of the south in Gangs.
Claws. They slashed, light, fast. None even close to a killing blow, aiming for Wilovan’s arms, chest. He struck, but the other figure blurred into dodges, burning Skills, slashing Wilovan six times. The Gnoll barely felt it as Zanzeil backed up, grinning.
Then he felt the burning pain. An agony so specific, Wilovan had it in a moment.
“Creler poison.”
The claws. They were made of…Wilovan registered them as Ratici spun, dodging two biting heads.
Curved legs. Fangs, attached to a crude band of metal. Zanzeil went for Ratici. Wilovan snarled, abandoning the potion. He charged and the claw-wielding expert backed up in alarm.
“Keep them away from me!”
None of them wanted to die. They threw underlings at the Gentlemen Callers and they died. Ratici tossed a vial into a group of six and it exploded, sending screaming Drakes and Gnolls crashing down. Not because it was any alchemical substance or poison. It was all-natural…magma.
“Wilovan! There! There!”
The Second Gardener turned. Poruniv saw a staggering, burnt Gnoll turn, and those eyes fixed on his. The [Thief] drew his daggers and three Faces hesitated.
If it was today, we’ll take you with us. And the thing about the gangs was that they were pragmatists. They really didn’t want to die.
“Hey! Over here! Over here!”
A shout. Wilovan almost missed it, but it was familiar. And so was his hat. It sat on a head as Rickel waved. The Human shouted and Poruniv’s head turned.
“You?”
The Gentlemen Callers hesitated, but it was close, and if they—they looked at each other. Ahead was certain death, but a repayment of dues.
Was it…today?
They turned and ran on a single hunch. It could have been a trap. But the young man ran, and they surged down a hallway.
“If you let them get away, you’re all dead, you hear me? Dead!”
The others ran, although Elceeif stayed back, letting Zanzeil and the roaring hound, led by Neverwhine, with a group of the most deadly underlings surge forward first. They pounded after the Gentlemen Callers. One was poisoned! The other had taken a few shrapnel hits and they were outnumbered. All they had to do…
