8.45 O
Page 0

A Gnoll and a Drake without hats walked into a casino. If you laughed, it was only because you had mistaken the smiles on their faces for something else.
At roughly the same time, other important people gathered. Not fellows. Not if you called Navine Gemscale and Helessia Gemscale ‘fellows’.
Magnolia Reinhart. The First Gardener of Oteslia. Wall Lords and Wall Ladies. Drakes, a few Gnolls, all guests of the party that had never really gone down right.
Zeres’ army had led to that. Assassins after Magnolia Reinhart. It had to be said, she had failed to impress as of yet. Everyone had seen her dramatic entry into Zeres, with all that wealth and gifts on display. But had they gotten any?
No. Did she think she could buy Drake affection? Buy goodwill and treaties? Absolutely not!
…But she could give them something. It might help.
This was the hour, however. The hour did not include Saliss of Lights, or the Gentlemen Callers, or Xif, or Shriekblade.
It did include Nerul, Osthia, Ilvriss, Rafaema, even Cire, who was here because he’d heard Lyonette was here. He was giving the First Gardener a headache, but he hadn’t called anyone Creler-headed to their face. Yet.
Magnolia Reinhart had yet to arrive, yet Navine Gemscale felt that was only appropriate. She had to offer them something substantive, or she would be all talk and no delivery. She had been so…much of a let down. What had happened to the young woman who had taken control of the Reinhart family? Not that Navine wanted that ruthless woman, but where was the Deadly Flower of the North?
Questions. They dominated the minds of those present. Rafaema glowered, behind a layer of makeup.
Makeup, because the damned ink wasn’t coming off. Makhir and Ferris were especially watchful, and she’d had to order them not to bring an actual guard. She’d refused to tell them what had happened, but both could recognize a Grade-A asskicking when they saw one.
Who is Onieva? She looked around, but the Drake wasn’t here. Rafaema wasn’t at a simmer. She was on a boil and the lid was shut—long enough for her to see what the Human was scheming.
 
——
 
“Who is Rafaema?”
Saliss was asking the same question. He was keeping an eye on Tessa; she’d collapsed after taking the damn cure. But he speculated with Mirn.
“Do you mean…?”
“I remember.”
Mirn stood with Saliss. The [Alchemist] snapped, then tried to modulate his tone.
“I remember.”
“You remember everything?”
The Named Adventurer should have been smiling, then. But he hadn’t been and even Mirn was afraid to ask. It was one look. A shuddering breath. Saliss bit out the words.
“I remember. That she was there. As she saw it.”
“Oh. Oh—”
“Who is Rafaema? Why have I never heard of her? Focus on that, Mirn. I’m going to find one of Chaldion’s lot. I’ve never heard of her, but maybe she’s a grade above mine. Maybe he doesn’t know.”
“Hah! But what about uh…Tessa?”
Saliss stopped at the door.
“If she wakes up and she’s sick, do your thing.”
“If she’s violent?”
“Try not to bleed everywhere.”
Saliss shut the door and walked off.
Questions that mattered. Saliss’ would also be…why? Why was he doing this? For Lyonette, obviously, Erin, in the local ‘now’. But why was he doing this? 
How much longer?
 
——
 
For Wall Lord Ilvriss, as he watched Magnolia Reinhart sweep in, and the grand ballroom—recycled from the last time he had danced with Lyonette here—he had a thought. He could trust Lyonette. He did not know how much she could help, but now he had to ask.
“Can I trust her?”
He waited, glass in hand, ignoring his mother’s looks as he stood with Nerul, not next to Lyonette.
