8.45 O
Page 23
“—such promises would only last as long as we lived, no matter how hard we tried to keep to them. The problem with such fiery pacts, you see? Inevitably, they are broken. Because they must be. Because something changes. Something slow. We will not see it, friends. But we may live proudly, if we keep ourselves moving to that goal.”
The First Gardener nodded. A [Druid] in the back let his tears dribble down into his beard. And that was why he followed her. The [Druids] of Oteslia nodded.
Such gentle persuasion Magnolia Reinhart used. Lyonette wanted her to inspire. Lead by example! Do more than hold out a hand—grasp mine. She could not love Magnolia’s idea, not alone.
Nor—the shaking figure. Makhir felt a nudge. He looked over at Ferris and the [Infiltrator] directed his attention left.
“Rafaema? Is something…?”
The Lightning Dragon stared at Magnolia. She was shaking. Shaking her head, backing up a few steps, her discipline shattered. She saw what Magnolia was talking about. She saw the scale, taken in mortal lifetimes. But unlike Cire—Rafaema was horrified.
“No. No. It’s too long. It’s too much. I can’t—”
Her breath came in gasps. As if something heavy were on her chest. Panic welled in her, and she could not explain why. Only that she saw herself. Over those long ages. Was that what it took? Alone?
“Raf?”
Cire touched her claw. Rafaema turned. She tore away from Cire and stumbled away. Magnolia Reinhart glanced at her, as she stood in the center of it all.
Some would never agree. Drakes and Gnolls left to tell their allies exactly what the Human wanted and conspired to oppose it. But more than she could have hoped at this weary point stayed. Not a single quill touched the contract. Not yet.
A tiny step, that she had to write in ink by the time this ended.
 
——
 
The debate was in full force, and Magnolia Reinhart occupied the center circle, talking candidly about the cost—which Drevish had tried to marry to speed and quality. It was said you could only get ‘cheap’, ‘quick’, or ‘good’, on a project, and not all three. It was a truism Drevish had laughed at. For lesser people, perhaps. While he had died, his work had not.
It was at this moment, as Lyonette hung back, offended to her core, without being able to fully denounce Magnolia—only that she was doing the right thing the wrong way—and as Ilvriss was thoughtfully heading over to introduce himself to a stiff [Butler]—that someone came rushing up the steps.
“First Gardener—a minor issue.”
Shaerrha glanced up. She listened, then approached Magnolia.
“Lady Reinhart. Do you have any…Human allies in the area?”
People listened in, and the First Gardener let them as Magnolia Reinhart raised her brows.
“Many allies, but none directly here.”
“Ah. Well, there is an emerging situation. It may become…unpleasant. I am told Liscor’s army is there, and they are pragmatists. But the Admiralty and Zeres’ army also hold the area. And while I am told Admiral Asale and the Admiral of the Land are reasonable—the current Sharkcaptain is not. There are four Humans trying to reach Oteslia. They have passports and I do not know how they got this far unhindered. But they are [Knights] and Zeres seems prepared to capture them.”
Lyonette’s head turned. Magnolia raised her brows. She took a deep sip of tea.
“And who might they be?”
“Thronebearers of Calanfer. If their golden plate is anything t—”
