8.45 O
Page 9
“You fertilizer-head. Don’t you know how much a gold coin is worth?”
Rickel went back, flustered, to his table, apologizing to the other diners who seemed to know him and were clearly amused. The Human rubbed at his head.
“Uh—sometimes I’m off. Sorry. I think I’m out. Especially if I’m paying for the food.”
He looked at his much-depleted money pouch and his face fell. The other [Gamblers] laughed at his misfortune, but the Drake in the center raised a claw and boomed.
“I’ll cover it.”
“Boss, why do you like that idiot?”
Rickel actually threw a salute with a grin, and the Drake addressed the whining Drake counting coins.
“Because he’s funny, and he has good ideas now and then. He’s harmless. Come back tomorrow, Rickel! And next time, don’t put all your coins where you can toss them into soup!”
Laughter. Red-faced, the Human hurried down the tables, heading for the restroom. He tripped halfway across. On a silver coin.
“Oh sh—”
He crashed into a table and the Drake in the center of the room laughed so hard he nearly fell out of his huge chair. Rickel got up, flustered.
“I am so sorry—”
“Not at all, sir. Don’t you worry.”
Wilovan helped him up; Ratici had saved all the dishes and drinks. It didn’t escape the center group’s attention and they fixed on Ratici. Not Rickel. The Human glanced at Wilovan as the Gnoll picked him up and dusted him off.
“Thanks. Feel free to laugh. I’ve made a mess of myself.”
He grinned, cheeks still red. He had an inviting smile, which was probably why the others tolerated him, despite messing up their game. A young [Gambler]. Wilovan shook his head, remembering his hat was gone.
“A fellow doesn’t laugh at another fellow’s misfortune. I hope some good luck comes your way, sir.”
Rickel’s lips twitched.
“I love the way you said that. Now there’s a bit of style.”
“Thank you, sir. I’m pleased you noticed.”
Ratici glanced up. Rickel looked at the two of them.
“You’re not from here, are you? You have…amazing style. I’m Rickel, by the way.”
“Mister Rickel, that puts a stride in my step, so it does. You’re not half badly done yourself, if I may say so.”
Indeed, the young man had a quite nice set of clothes on himself. Nothing in the vein of either the Gentleman Caller’s style, or the current one, or the suit and fashion on display in the center of the room. He had a kind of jacketed hoodie on, able to be buttoned up, comfortable green pants with a slash of white down each side, and a complementary undershirt with Oteslia’s own regalia on it.
Throw on a hat and he’d not be too bad. He grinned at Wilovan, fashion recognizing fashion of its own. His was not at all popular or in vogue…but he wore it as if it was.
“You’ve got to have style, right? Well, I have to go—but you know this is a trap, don’t you?”
Wilovan’s smile never changed. Ratici glanced up. The young man kept smiling.
“That’s a fairly odd thing for a fellow to say. Dangerous, even.”
Wilovan remarked calmly. Rickel nodded. He glanced at the two of them.
“It is. But I like you two. You walk in here, cool as cucumbers, and sit down. Why?”
Ratici raised his brows.
“Are cucumbers cool, Wilovan? I never looked into how cool any were.”
“It may be they’re fairly pleasant in that regard, Ratici. I have never eaten a warm one.”
The Human laughed. He laughed, throwing his head back, and looked at them, even more amused. Even more happily.
“I like you two! You’re not afraid? At all?”
Now the figure in the center was waiting, staring at Rickel with clear annoyance; he was getting in the way. Wilovan glanced over the young man’s shoulder.
