8.45 O
Page 18
Two eyes flashed, and for the first time, genuine ire entered the [Lady]’s tone. Ilvriss looked up as Magnolia Reinhart swung around and placed her feet, confronting Uhis.
“Because we will. Because, Spell Lord, I am Magnolia Reinhart. And I did ride to the aid of the Walled Cities and Drakes during the First Antinium War. Or did you forget? I believe it is in your history books, though you do tend to omit my name.”
She looked around, and they looked at her. You did forget, didn’t you? The Lady of House Reinhart had been far younger, then. Younger than Lyonette was now.
“That was decades ago.”
“And I was there, sir!”
The [Lady]’s voice cracked back and the Drake flinched. Magnolia’s eyes burned.
“I was there. No contract forced me to march. The Five Families considered letting the Walled Cities crumble, but I defied even the head of House Reinhart to muster an army. I did not do it expecting the Drakes to throw their gates open and call me a hero, and I am glad to find my trust was never misplaced, not once. I did not do it for accolades; they called me a traitor when I returned. I did it because the Antinium were a threat to all of Izril, just like the Goblin King.”
She looked around.
“The Goblin King, whom the Drakes marched against to fight in the Second Antinium War. So before you say anything, I do not hold that debt over the south. Even if I could. I hope, though, Spell Lord, that I have at least earned a modicum of trust. If the Antinium attack…I will be there. Have I earned the right to say that?”
The [Lady] looked about. No one, not even the red-faced Uhis, dared gainsay her that. Lyonette held her breath. For a moment, that was the Magnolia she wanted. But then the [Lady] calmed. Smiled. And hid away her fangs.
What a waste.
“…Both are somewhat contentious offers. The last, perhaps the most. But I must explain it. ‘The Wall of South and North’. Ressa, the diagram.”
The [Maid] brought out something. Not just a blueprint that Reynold walked over to get, but another object. A custom-made dais, set with a huge quartz-stone that reflected something into the air.
“What project is this? A Wall? As in a Walled City?”
The First Gardener, Shaerrha Brasswing, asked. She wasn’t sure what to make of Magnolia’s offer. It was ambitious. And yes, almost less than she had expected Magnolia to offer. But it might work. She might be able to agree to that. But what would the other Walled Cities do? Her eyes lingered on Cire, then Ilvriss, Makhir…
None of them gave away their thoughts. Zeres, Fissival, and Pallass were noticeably absent in any major respect aside from individuals. And this contract only had one of the Five Families and their allies signing it.
Not enough? She looked, as Magnolia Reinhart unveiled her final trick that wasn’t a trick. Because she explained it. Because she showed them openly what it was, to get them to agree.
“On the contrary, First Gardener. I do not put a lot of stock in walls around cities. It has always seemed to me that you can just…fly over walls. Oh, don’t bristle. It was a little joke. I know there are protections and I do not doubt they have saved countless lives. But if there was ever to be a wall I built, I would not shelter Invrisil. It is…this.”
A wall rose, glittering, a kind of projection that Lyonette recognized. Because she had met someone who did the exact same. The [Architect] of Liscor, Hexel, had the same thing in a Skill. This was more permanent, made out of magic. Magnolia gestured at it.
