8.45 O
Page 8
Lastly, the Drake whispering to a huge, two-headed dog he kept feeding huge portions of meat to. Not three-headed; two giant heads, a dark blue coat, and fangs that made the watcher glad he was well clear of the monster. Even a Carn Wolf would take one look at this hound from hell and decide he had better things to do.
Since he was closer, from his table, he could actually pick up a few words—not that the center group tried to keep their voices low.
“…There’s just not as much good soil this month.”
The Drake counting coins was complaining. The Drake in the center stopped letting his companions feed him treats and snapped.
“Well, go water more and you’ll get more good soil. Everyone knows that. I keep telling you. There’s mites around. I’m dealing with them. You can take a month with less than a wagonload of soil, Ecleeif.”
Ecleeif. The Drake counting coins; thinner than the other three and with a kind of whine in his voice.
“It’s not like you’re getting any less—Porun—”
The furious stare from the center made him amend his words.
“Chief.”
“Chief. Mind your manners. We’re at work, Ecleeif.”
The [Beast Master] snapped, glancing up from his hound, who issued a growl. Ecleeif sulked back into his seat. The watcher smiled, and the person opposite him folded.
He couldn’t help it. He muttered, so low no one heard him.
“Oh my god. They’re stereotypes. Are they doing it on purpose?”
They had to think they were genuine. He cast a glance down at the two figures watching the center table as they ate. One was picking at a fried tomato, the other flirting with the [Waitress]. Yet they had a kind of edge to the way they sat.
“Good fellows.”
“Are you going to play or not?”
At last, one of the other players demanded. The watcher jumped. In doing so, he knocked over his stack of silver coins.
“Oops! Sorry—I—drat—”
 
——
 
A commotion made Wilovan look up. The Drake in the center was looking their way, signalling one of the [Waitresses]. However, a shout at a table made everyone’s heads turn.
A figure was scrambling after some coins rolling all over. The other [Gamblers] at the card table were on their feet, shielding their cards. Wilovan raised his brows.
A young Human man was scrambling to pick up the coins, some of which had scattered so far by him turning and spraying them they’d actually bounced off a table. And into someone’s soup.
“My soup!”
“Ancestors damn it, Rickel!”
One of the Drakes roared. The young man hurried over.
“I am so sorry—I have no idea how they got this far.”
“I’ve been looking forwards to eating all day, sir!”
The Human was a gambler, clearly. A bad one, and flustered as he tried to apologize to a couple breaking from their gambling or watching the scrying orb. He reached for a coin pouch, a small one.
“I uh—I’ll pay for it.”
“And the damage to my dress!”
The Drake insisted. Rickel bit his lip.
“I…of course. How’s…this?”
He offered them a gold coin. To Wilovan’s eye, even if you factored in the soup and the dress—not exactly the most expensive one, it wasn’t bad. The Drakes hesitated. The Human stared at their faces.
“Wait, is that not enough? Um…how’s this?”
He added another gold coin. Bit his lip, and added a third.
“That’s all I can afford. Is it enough?”
Did he not know how much he was offering? Ratici snorted in disbelief, but the young man didn’t look rich, especially if three gold coins was a setback. He was gambling at the silver-tables, not gold.
“It—well, it’ll have to do. Go on, now.”
The Drake shooed Rickel away and scooped up the gold coins. His partner even fished out the silver coin out of her soup.
