8.45 O
Page 1
Waiting.
“Good evening, Drakes and Gnolls of Izril. I realize this is a small gathering. Smaller than I had hoped, but I see that Oteslia has attended in full. It is my honor to meet you, once again. I pray your indulgence. For the time has come to speak candidly.”
Magnolia Reinhart’s voice reached them first, before the [Lady] herself. The guests looked around, over a thousand of them. Some suspicious, others bored or just hostile, even now. Lyonette did not move, just glanced around at the open doors, showing a view of the city.
She had no doubt that what would follow was impressive. She, in fact, knew what would follow, at least, the contents of it, the big twist. Oh, but it was huge.
Yet that was not the question she had asked. Now, and then. The noble Drakes stirred. Some adjusted their trendy monocles. A few popped out as the amateurs forgot to hold them tense and they broke on the ground. The others turned, some in the flowing dresses, a copy of which Lyonette wore.
Navine focused on the common, bronze ring on Lyonette’s hand and her brother. Then her head snapped up.
For here came Magnolia Reinhart. No—outside there was a roar of voices. Shouting. The Drakes turned to the steps leading up to the grand, public ballroom. They could see something coming up the steps. They pointed.
Then the others saw it. Ilvriss blinked. Nerul began to chuckle. He threw his head back and laughed, a deep guffaw. His was one of the few sounds amid the gasps or just silence. Even the First Gardener was taken aback, but Cire stood up with interest, as Mivifa hid behind a curtain.
For here came a carpet. No, the carpet. The very same that had unfurled at Zeres. A train of Humans, even a Gnoll in a [Maid]’s dress, rolled out the vast, ridiculously long piece of cloth. Straight through the ballroom, up the steps.
Here she came. Heads turned, and the people tried not to crowd. But surely…surely…there she was.
Speaking through the stone, addressing them, as she rode, standing on top of the rolling vehicle coming up the stairs. No…it was floating off the ground. A pink carriage.
“Do forgive me, friends. But I had to make a bit of a scene out of it.”
The pink carriage rolled into the ballroom, through the double doors, as Magnolia Reinhart stood on it. Ressa calmly brushed at her shoulder as she stood with the same pink dress she had worn when she stood on Pallass’ walls.
There was a meaning in each thing. Lyonette had eyes for Reynold, though few looked at him. They were gawping at Magnolia, or the servants proceeding with treasure after treasure, held on pillows or in their arms. And the Dragonsail, fluttering behind the carriage…
But the [Butler] she looked at. The same man she had seen a few times before. Erin had liked him. So had Ryoka. He looked older. Tired.
His legs. He had legs. They were as striking as any Lyonette had ever seen. The feet were carved, and she did not see them in the shoes. So were the upper legs, joined to the torso. But he could not wear pants, for a coruscating beam of magical energy, like lightning, connected foot to the upper part of his legs, where shins could be.
Magic. He looked left, as he slowly moved into the room and came to a stop, and a bridge appeared that Magnolia might step down. He nodded at her once, as Magnolia descended into this moment.
And all Lyonette could think—as she looked at this grand scene that the Lady of House Reinhart could engineer, at what was coming next—at Magnolia Reinhart’s confident face, hiding what had to be nerves beyond belief—was the same thing she had asked her then.
 
——
 
