8.45 O
Page 25
Asale rolled his eyes. The Admiral of the Supply doubted Magnolia Reinhart was so stupid as to do something expected. Indeed, no pink carriage came out of the gates.
…But Magnolia Reinhart did.
The Sharkcaptain choked on his own words. He stared as a figure filled the gates nearest the Thronebearers.
“Archers!”
“You idiot. Belay that order. We will not assassinate a [Lady] of the Five Families in the open!”
The Admiral of the Land roared at the Sharkcaptain. Bows went up and untensed, as the [Lady] halted there. Asale’s spyglass was one of thousands on her. What was she doing?
Well, standing there. But that wasn’t what made Asale’s eye lock on her and realize she was playing a different game from the impulsive Zeresian army. His gaze swung sideways.
“Ah. That would be…the First Gardener of Oteslia. Bows. Down.”
Shaerrha Brasswing stood beside Magnolia Reinhart. She looked shaky with nerves. Magnolia was serene—or at least, outwardly composed. The Sharkcaptain, Femar, hesitated.
“What in the name of Creler nests is she doing out there?”
Well. Standing with Magnolia Reinhart. And then…walking forwards. Asale saw Magnolia Reinhart glance around, smile, and make a comment.
To a tall [Maid] who produced a parasol, a pink one, and opened it over both’s heads. On her right, Mivifa of Feathers strode forwards, grim, staring around at the army in front of them. And behind them came Oteslia’s guard. And…
“That’s a [Druid]. One of Oteslia’s finest.”
The Admiral of the Land was slower to catch on. Asale just lowered his spyglass when he saw another face.
“And Wall Lord Ilvriss of Salazsar. His sister too. If eyes don’t mistake, that was Wall Lord Aldonss.”
“What are they doing?”
“Walking, you idiot.”
Diplomat Nerul was striding along in a new shirt, rubbing his claws together happily and waving for any scrying orb that might be there. Asale rubbed at his face.
“You just walked into their trap.”
“Nonsense. We have an army. Do they want to be captured?”
“Oh, please, Femar. Yes, let’s capture the First Gardener of Oteslia, Magnolia Reinhart, and multiple Wall Lords and Ladies of different cities. If we even got close—I count three Named-rank threats. There’s Shriekblade…and there’s Saliss of Lights. Four. And look at the walls.”
The Drakes looked up. Asale pointed out more figures had joined Oteslia’s [Soldiers]. Who were now manning the walls as if they expected an attack. The figures wore [Maid] or [Butler] uniforms and they carried…presents.
Bows. A spear. A box you did not want opened in your direction. They had, of course, been meant as gifts, and many weren’t combat items. But if they had to give them to Zeres’ army…
“We are not going to attack. Send word to 1st Marines. Tell them to let the Thronebearers go.”
Asale sighed. Femar spluttered.
“I’m going to—”
“If you go down there, Sharkcaptain of Zeres—”
The Admiral of the Supply, who was a peer to his cousins with levels—and seldom gave orders, raised his voice. Even Femar stopped, and turned, full of anger.
“—What? What will you do?”
Asale glared at him.
“I’ll save a recording and play it in every barracks in all of Zeres. Not that I’d be the only one.”
Femar hesitated. Magnolia Reinhart was proceeding slowly across one of the bridges, waving at the disbelieving Ser Dalimont. Asale sighed.
“Idiot.”
He had probably helped Magnolia Reinhart more than he could believe. Admiral Asale looked at the image that would be playing on every scrying orb.
 
——
 
Grand Magus Eldavin looked at the young woman…no, the woman, walking with her head raised, smiling, chatting, at ease.
