8.45 O
Page 29
Someone jogged up and joined the crowd trying not to foul each other up.
“Hey, are you all here to kill that Human?”
“That’s right! What are you, an idiot? Where were you?”
The [Sneak Thug] snapped at a Drake. The figure caught his breath.
“Sorry. I have no idea what’s going on. But you’re here to kill a Human with a ring? Red hair? Right over there? Exactly forty one paces?”
The [Thug] hesitated. He stared at the Drake. It wasn’t Saliss of Lights; you tended to notice nudity fast. Nor Ilvriss. Nor anyone he personally knew. The Drake was, if anything, just some random Drake. A [Trader]?
“Yeah.”
“Oh, good.”
The Drake backed up. Then he produced a vase, for some reason—because he was a [Pottery Trader], but that was unnecessary background detail—and crashed it into the [Thug]’s face. The Drake went down and figures turned.
“What the hell?”
A [Thief] raised a dagger uncertainly as the [Trader] gulped. He stabbed, but an armored hand grabbed it. The [Thief] looked up into two burning…lenses? An armored face. An armored body, ruby-red.
“Rubirel Guard! To the aid of the walls!”
A Drake with a halberd decapitated the [Thief]. The crowd of criminals whirled. They saw three bodyguards crash into the mob.
“Reinforcements! Get—”
“Attack! Attack! In the name of Salazsar!”
Something bounced off Zanziel’s head. The Face saw a furious…little…Drake woman throw more items from her purse. Suddenly, he realized more figures were emerging, literally running forwards and hurling objects, drawing blades.
“Salazsar!”
Another object bounced off his face. He looked around.
“What the…”
Then more figures broke forwards. Even Oteslia’s [Guards], some of them. But mostly travellers, people who had moved, but anyone who…belonged. Allies, citizens. Summoned by the ring.
Salazsar’s last defenders.
 
——
 
Lyonette saw a mob sweep into the side of the small group of killers. Drakes, Gnolls, civilians, aside from a few of them with actual armor and weapons. The criminals turned, caught off-guard and already nervous. A few began to attack back, like at the old Drake lady waving a cane.
Wilovan snarled, but saw Zanzeil, the Face, slash someone across the arm before they could slash the little figure.
“Retreat! Get out of here! That damned ring—”
More figures were sprinting towards them. And this time—a blurring shape came up the street. Zanzeil took one look at Saliss of Lights, followed by Mivifa of Feathers shooting out of the skies, and ran for it.
Poruniv stared as his attack failed. He stared at that damned ring—then at Cire. Mivifa was flying towards him, and she had seen the Second Gardener.
“Damn.”
He twisted a ring and a spear jabbed, but he distorted out of reality before he was touched. Mivifa landed, as Saliss of Lights threw an orb at the retreating criminals running for bolt-holes, many boxed in and surrendering.
Rafaema was still howling, though. She was shuddering, striking the paws holding her. She was enraged. No—burning—
“Rafaema of Manus. Enough. You are hurting your people.”
Only when the voice spoke did she come to her senses. She looked around, and saw Magnolia Reinhart standing there. The [Lady] was a bit winded, but watched Ilvriss and the sons and daughters of Salazsar charging into the city—as well as their allies. Anyone who truly had ever made an oath to defend Salazsar. She’d heard of the rings; more ornamental than useful. Never seen one used.
But it was to Rafaema that Magnolia turned now. The Drake was panting, wild-eyed.
“Let go of—”
