8.45 O
Page 20
“Yes, Lady Rafaema. Not to mention, the tunnel is not exactly a good place to fight. No fortifications for an army assailing either gate. Do you see? Each side will have access. A key is not needed; one can simply shut the gate and hold it. And the other side…”
…Would rather pass by Liscor or climb around it than go through. Rafaema tapped her lips. She was beginning to understand.
“Then how would it work? I can see it’s defensive on both sides. But if one side closes the gate…”
“The other doesn’t get through. I could hold this with a thousand Drakes against twenty, fifty times that number. Yes…so we would have some safety. Obviously a garrison, but Lady Reinhart. This ambitious project will cost gold for dirt. Why would we make this, fund it, work together for a door we can both slam in each other’s faces?”
Magnolia looked to the side. And for the first time, Merchant Redoger, not she, answered.
“…Because we wouldn’t. Not unless an actual war occured. With all this effort put in, it’s too costly. It’s a crying waste of gold if we did that. But we would not have to. There would be two trade routes to either side of Izril, west and east. It would change the economies. House Veltras goods flowing in from one side, Invrisil’s monopoly would break—Pallass wouldn’t be the Walled City in control of all the goods flowing from the south.”
“What? That’s—”
Errif yelped. But Magnolia Reinhart smiled.
“It is a [Merchant]’s answer. What good is a door, if it is always locked? I thought someone would understand.”
The Gnoll nodded at her. Thoughtfully, Ilvriss tried to imagine it. It was far from Salazsar, but it would provoke a boom of settlements near the door—assuming it stayed open. Perhaps…multiple Liscors. Before, he would not have thought that was a boon, but a city with Humans and Drakes and Gnolls might not consider each other so…alien.
He looked at Lyonette, and wondered if Magnolia had looked at Liscor as the example. But she hadn’t. This was years, nearly a decade or more, in the works.
This was Magnolia Reinhart’s proposal. A contract of three. And no matter how they craned their necks or twisted, none of her guests could say that any one part was beyond all comprehension. There were certainly parts they objected to, and the whole was a grand, dubious undertaking. Put their names on the contract?
Yet. Wall Lord Aldonss looked at Magnolia Reinhart. He cleared his throat.
“…Forgive me, Lady Reinhart. I understand that you would now have us ask questions about details, and we would likely receive…gifts…and communicate this with our cities and our own people.”
She twinkled at him, expectantly.
“I sense a ‘but’, Wall Lord.”
He nodded, almost smiling.
“But. Is this truly it? Do you have a future design, or is this the whole of what you propose? I would take further revelations poorly, you understand.”
She clasped her hands together, and spoke sincerely. But oh, even when she was, she was bad at it, Lyonette thought.
“It is, Wall Lord. The whole of it, I swear on truth stone and Skill and House Reinhart. I could not lie to you. Not if I wanted sincere allies. And I must have that. I did not come to trick you, or force you to agree. I hope each Walled City will hear this and deliberate. Negotiate, although it is a straightforward contract I have no intention of changing. I hope at least one Walled City will sign, and other Drake cities as well.”
Her eyes lingered on the First Gardener, but it was a troubled reply she got. Aldonss sighed.
