8.45 O
Page 11
“I’m terribly sorry, Mister Poruniv, sir. We may be a rather bit uncouth, but we have a question to put to you. Will you stop harassing a certain lady under our care? We consider it rather unmannerly, sir. We hope you’ll say yes. Because we don’t intend to take no for an answer.”
The Second Gardener’s eyes bulged. Then he laughed. He pointed at the little club; not even a long one. Even the other faces snickered—two of them. Ecleeif was just scowling.
“Poruniv—it’s a waste of time to get hurt, even if there’s only two. What if we…?”
“Shut up, Ecleeif!”
The Second Gardener whirled on him. Classic. Unprofessional. Wilovan’s nose wrinkled. The smaller Drake backed up and back Poruniv’s head turned.
“You two are annoying me, you know that? Let the ‘lady’ go? You mean that Human who’s taken all the Faerie Flowers out of circulation? Who hired you two to take them? Tell her we can deal or she’ll find a dagger in—”
“No, sir.”
The Second Gardener stopped. Wilovan calmly squared his shoulders.
“It’s unmannerly to involve civilians in this. And since I find this entire business distasteful, sir, and how you’ve done things, I don’t care to prolong it. I am Wilovan of the Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings. Wilovan of the Gentlemen Callers.”
“And Ratici, of both.”
The two nodded once. Poruniv stared as Wilovan picked up the club. He pointed it at the leader of Oteslia’s biggest gang.
“I challenge you, sir. To an ungentlemanly bout. To the death. Here and now. Let’s have it done.”
Dead silence reigned. It was an open challenge. Wilovan would have done it differently, more eloquently, in the ways of the north. But sometimes you had to state your case plain, rude and boorish though it was.
And frankly, he did not care for Poruniv’s place, his attitude, his gang, or what he had done. Wilovan’s eyes were calm. The Drake?
He laughed.
“Now I know you’re both idiots. Why would I take up a challenge from two idiots?”
“Two Faces. Does the south not count Faces, or do you not have enough to remember how it’s done?”
Wilovan nudged Ratici as the Drake snapped at last. Poruniv’s eyes narrowed. He glared at the [Thief].
“I’ve killed more Faces than you’ve ever seen. I don’t need to throw down with every foreigner who comes to my city.”
Wilovan saw the pronouncement run through the group in two ways. The Gnoll with the paws in his pockets nodded. Neverwhine frowned a bit, and Ecleeif looked done with it all. None objected, and the others standing behind Poruniv were careful not to let him see their reactions.
They wouldn’t protest, at any rate. And now Wilovan saw more guests who were smart heading for the doors. The idiots just watched, but more figures were coming out and blocking the exits.
Well, it was going as badly as the two had thought it might. Wilovan sighed, and turned to Ratici.
“Looks like it’s today, Ratici. A crying shame.”
He reached out, and Ratici shook his paw, solemnly. The Drake nodded.
“A shame. We came here, asked a question, and you can’t say we didn’t try. It’s just a shame when a fellow doesn’t have dig-nity.”
He said that last word oddly. The criminals of Izril’s south saw the two shake their heads. Rather like an audience watching fascinating actors in a bit.
“A fellow expects it, but without dig-nity, what can you do? Indeed, Ratici.”
Poruniv refused to rise to the bait, although he was smiling through gritted teeth. It was the way they said it.
Dig-nity. Stretching the word out with that little pause in between. So much of a word that it was two, the way they said it. Ratici nodded, sighing.
