8.45 O
Page 24
Magnolia Reinhart was too much of a [Lady] to do a proper spit-take. She didn’t even so much as purse her lips. Lyonette du Marquin, on the other hand, was quite capable of expectorating all over Nerul. The [Diplomat] stared down at his vest.
“I have never seen such a splendid execution. The old Winebreath Blaster. Classic diplomatic trick. You, young lady, are a credit to your home. Natural talent. Indeed.”
Ruefully he walked away. Lyonette didn’t even hear—she turned.
Oh no. Not them. How had they…? Mrsha had written to her about four idiots, but not…
“Dear me. By provoke, do you mean…?”
Magnolia Reinhart glanced towards the double doors. Shaerrha bit her lip.
 
——
 
“Oteslia is just ahead! Ride! Ride, damn you!”
Dalimont roared. The three Thronebearers surged after him, terrified. A sea of Drakes were hot on their heels.
“We have passports! We h—”
An arrow grazed Ser Lormel’s head and he ducked. To be fair, it was a practice arrow, but the idiot didn’t have his helmet on and he was trying to put it on as they rode. Which was an exercise in futility and he lost track of it. It went rolling and two Drakes tripped over it, which was something.
Lormel nearly went back to get it, but Zeres’ army, loosing arrows without arrowheads, daring them to take a swing, was cutting off their exit.
“Do not draw your blades. Even if they attack.”
Dalimont growled at the others. They had their hands on their hilts, but they could see the Drakes wanted them to spill blood. Then they died.
It had all gone so well. The Liscorian army had been very reasonable, especially when they saw the passports originated out of Liscor! However, Zeres?
“They’d violate the rules of war just to kill us?”
“I believe they would, Dame Ushar. Listen to me. One of us has to make it to Oteslia.”
“The gates are closed!”
“Then do nothing. If they beat or torture us, tell them only the truth. Listen—”
Hands were grabbing for Dalimont. Warily, he knocked them down with his glove, but he dared not strike at the jeering Drakes. He saw the Admiralty, including a thunderously powerful Drake with an aura that sent barbs into Dalimont even from afar. Arguing with two leaders.
Was this where they failed? After going so far to reach the 6th Princess? As someone grabbed his leg and he jerked, Dalimont feared it was so. His horse reared, and if a flying hoof struck—
Exactly that happened. A Drake cried out and the others shouted.
“They’re attacking! Get them!”
“No, damn you! The Eternal Throne—”
Blades came out. Dalimont went down, cursing. Not now! Not after all! He was thrashing as someone ripped off his helm and put a spear to his throat when he heard a sound.
…At first, he thought it was a horn, from one of the Singer’s songs.
“Cara?”
But it wasn’t her songs, as he had heard in desperate hours. It was just a horn. First one, then two—musical, in a sense, but a single, crescendoing note.
They came from the walls. The fighting slowed. Someone shouted.
“1st Marines, about face! Formation! Formation!”
It was a worried tone. Dalimont, still on the ground, didn’t dare move. The other three Thronebearers rose, armor muddied. Scarcely believing it. Yet in the distance…
Oteslia’s gates were swinging open.
Both Zeres and Liscor’s forces reacted with calm alarm. There was no chance Oteslia’s 1st Army would sally forth. That would be silly.
…But just in case. [Archers] and [Mages] trained their arrows on the gates. The Sharkcaptain crowed and pointed to Asale.
“See? Wait for it—that damned coach is coming!”
