8.46 G
Page 17
What had been rather green lands had slowly begun to grow a bit barren. A bit…hotter too, come to think of it. And rather than forests, what they now found were more like swamps, as the indigenous trees and flora turned tropical.
“Chieftain. Air smells funny.”
Fighti coughed as she circled back. Rags frowned. She stared ahead at a distant smoke stack and a valley.
“Too hot?”
“Not for Snowscale. But funny air. Funny land. Not good hide.”
Fighti patted the Frost Wyvern who exhaled a plume of cold. Rags glanced ahead.
“Hekusha. You know where we are?”
“I…maybe? It looks like we’re close to the Deuse Valley.”
“What’s that?”
The Healer licked her lips.
“Mostly abandoned land. There’s not much habitable there and it’s hot. An active volcano, I believe. Do you…know what that is?”
Rags had no idea. The Healer explained.
“It’s this phenomenon where hot, molten stone shoots up. I would recommend we go around this place. No one comes here, not even [Alchemists]. Monsters and Lava Golems and others might love the heat, and it’s simply inhospitable.”
“So no one’s here.”
“…Yes, but…”
“Good place to hide. Fighti, you keep going. Besides…”
Rags glanced at Hekusha and completed the statement in her head.
There are Goblins here.
She sensed them. In fact, she sensed the Chieftain, a strong presence. Although…and Rags had never experienced this before, dimmed. Greydath had been invisible, but this was like a light you only saw when you got close. She was fascinated, but mainly just hoped they could break east or west and head back south.
Fighti took to the air, but with clear reservations. Rags didn’t understand why, but Redscar tasted the air and spat.
“Weird air. Smoke. Smells like alchemy.”
“That might be sulfur. It’s a compound [Alchemists] sometimes use.”
“Huh. So [Alchemists] come here?”
“Oh, no. Never.”
“Then how they get it? It lying around all over the place?”
Hekusha shrugged.
“It’s simply not in that much demand. I suppose I’ve never asked, but it’s clear the market has saturation. Er—that means there is enough to buy. But I do know this valley is deserted.”
Redscar grinned.
“Right. Sure.”
The Healer didn’t know. The Goblins grinned at each other, chuckling. Hekusha smiled uncertainly; she really seemed to have taken her ease with them. The Carn Wolves grumbled, not liking the hotter air, especially as they proceeded in.
Rags’ first warning that something was wrong was when she heard a shriek from above. She looked up, tensing, and saw Fighti bank back. Calescent had joined her and was waving frantically. Rags saw the Wyvern, a small shape, wobble in the air. Then—drop.
“Attack!”
Redscar howled. He pointed as the Wyvern went into a sudden, uncontrolled dive. But—Rags stared. Nothing had hit them! Was it a tiny projectile?
No—the Wyvern, Snowscale, flapped his wings and caught himself from the deadly dive. He wobbled, descended, tried to rise, then came down too fast. Rags whirled.
“To them! Go, go!”
Hekusha cried out, but Rags left her with two Redfangs as Redscar charged with Thunderfur. She was right behind him, clinging to a Redfang’s back.
They found Snowscale lying on his side, breathing with a wheeze. Fighti was trying to tend to him, but Calescent wasn’t helping. He was lying on the ground.
“Calescent! What happened?”
“Where’s enemy?”
Redscar demanded. He had both his swords drawn, but Fighti just shook her head. Calescent wheezed.
“No enemy.”
“No enemy? What?”
“No enemy. Bad…air.”
