8.46 G
Page 6
She’d cast the spell that made her famous four times, as Goblins and Carn Wolves lined up to have their hearing restored. Only four times, and she’d done it quick—just about twenty seconds of what looked like magical prep time, and then, like a miracle, the Goblins could hear, and Thunderfur howled in delight before being shushed.
Even healing potions hadn’t saved the ruptured eardrums—at least, not from Merdon’s voice. But the Healer had cast her spell and restored them to as good as new.
In fact, two Redfangs had complained she’d removed their new war scars, and some old ones! A grizzled veteran of nearly ten years had pointed at her hip and complained it didn’t ache anymore.
Three times. Then the Healer had touched the final Goblin, cast her spell, and keeled over. Just—dead backwards, such that she would have hit the ground hard if Calescent hadn’t caught her.
“Mana drain. I can only cast it…four or five times a day. With potions, up to ten. I’ll cast more tomorrow!”
Hekusha hurried to assure Rags. The Goblin Chieftain folded her arms.
“Ten? But only ear-damage. Why so much…mana?”
She was no expert, but Hekusha had to be what, Level 40? Level 30 at least, since she claimed [Restoration] was actually a Tier 6 specialized spell. Rags was awed she could cast it. Rags was awed they weren’t dead if someone could throw that kind of magic around.
“It…does not differentiate. [Restoration] is a set-cost spell. It is…a bit…impractical to use repeatedly. I was only capable of casting it once per day, you know. Even with nearly a dozen Skills dedicated to casting one spell, four per day is what I normally do. Three or four.”
Rags raised her brows.
“How did you learn?”
“A—I am a friend, a great friend—of Magnolia Reinhart’s. The Lady of House Reinhart? Of the Five Families?”
Hekusha looked hopeful. Rags nodded.
“I know who that is.”
“Duh.”
Redscar grumbled. Hekusha stared at him, then gave Rags another big, still-scared smile. But she had relaxed enough to talk after the Goblins expressed approval in no uncertain way.
“We were—childhood friends. I was common-born, back then, but they hired me to act as a kind of—magical follower. I was their age, and later Magnolia Reinhart, who is deeply much a friend, helped find a mentor to teach me this spell. Which no one else has mastered! Thus my name.”
She seemed to really want Rags to know Magnolia was her friend. Rags nodded.
“So you cast it. So you aren’t a [Healer]?”
“No. A [Mage]. [Restoration], you see, is one of the few healing-class spells. The school of life-magic is thought to be relatively non-existent in modern-day magic, given that few spells to heal exist. I, ah, am I making sense?”
“Yes. Go on.”
“Well…that’s it. I can cast [Restoration], and I have quite a lot of people who want me to cast the spell, you know. I have a lot of money. At the Merchant’s Guild. I could, uh, give it to you if you set me free.”
“Hm. No. We want you to heal someone.”
The Healer’s eyes lit up.
“Heal someone? A Goblin? I can do that! And then you’ll let me go?”
“Yup.”
“Oh. Really? I’m—so delighted you’re reasonable! You know, this has happened three times before. Normally by people who demand I heal someone. But uh—never by Goblins. I thought Merdon would protect me properly. He’s never allowed anyone to capture me. Is he alive?”
“Redscar?”
“Mm. Stupid armor. Big-voice-man fine. Lots of shouting.”
“Oh, that’s good. Redscar, is it?”
“Mhm. Chieftain, maybe we can keep her? Good for not dying bleed-bleed-death.”
Rags sighed at Hekusha’s expression.
