8.46 G
Page 41
Not one Goblin volunteered. Not even Redscar’s fans. They were tempted, from the little [Witches] to [Mages] to the [Warlocks], but they looked at Prixall, at Rags, and the ‘old’ Redscar and Redfangs, and saw exactly how long they’d live.
Rags couldn’t blame them. But she needed them. She was trying and failing to figure out how to convince them, as the Molten Stone tribe feasted them. Rags saw Calescent, a bit happier, trading his death spice with the Goblin [Chefs] and showing the Molten Stone tribe that there was fire they had yet to experience.
“Could I…purchase a bit of that? Might be a cheaper way to distract someone.”
Even Roell made a purchase of Calescent’s death-spice after he sampled it. Rags herself munched on a delicacy of their tribes; some kind of weird preservation technique. The Molten Stone tribe loved to bury eggs, Yellats, and other foods like fish, in clay pots with ash and other things—and let them rot into weird, discolored foods.
Well, not rot. They were perfectly edible. It wasn’t quite fermenting as her experts knew it, but it certainly took advantage of the natural terrain. Rags poked an egg with a brown outside and a black yolk. Hekusha stared in horror at her plate; the Goblins had, with careful spitefulness, served her a huge bowl of them.
Rags shrugged, took a bite, and found it was good! She liked it a lot more than bugs. She tried a pickled bit of herring next and chomped it down.
“Your Healer does not like you.”
Anazurhe murmured as she removed her mask to eat. Hekusha had indeed shown her colors and she was alone. Rags grimaced.
“She will heal Erin or not. Then we let her leave. We kidnapped her. She does not need to like us.”
“Mm. I don’t think she can.”
Rags’ heart sank. She looked at Anazurhe, then shook her head.
“If there is a chance…”
“Potion of Regeneration failed. Will [Restoration] work? Weaker spell. Different, but weaker.”
“Maybe she can heal Erin’s body.”
“Hmm. She is not a [Healer]. She can only cast the spell. She is a [Mage] who casts a spell efficiently. Not someone who knows why and how to kill sickness. There is a difference.”
Rags stabbed at one of the eggs with her claw. She had to believe this was for something. She had to do something!
“We will try.”
“Mhm. But do not bet on her. She is a greedy thing. Like crows.”
Anazurhe gestured. Rags turned and saw a giant, fire-resistant crow hassling Snowscale for his food. Apparently, due to some pact with another [Witch], the Molten Stone tribe had fliers who could use special masks. The crows were far smaller, though, and only a normal-sized Goblin could ride them, not a Hob.
Valeterisa was munching down on the black eggs, oblivious to what she was eating as she read the notes.
“It is interesting. Healer Hekusha, you seem capable of teaching this [Restoration] spell to other [Mages]. I believe I can learn it. Note to self…learn…[Restoration]…devote eight processes to memorization and casting.”
“You can’t steal my magic!”
The Healer of Tenbault wailed. Valeterisa raised her eyebrows. She rubbed at one ear.
“Oh, I stopped listening. One second…ah. Why not, Healer Hekusha? It is clear you decoded the spell you were taught nearly five years ago. Your research changed, and I do not believe this spell is being communicated. Even Wistram has lost it, with the exception of Grand Magus Eldavin.”
Rags’ ears sharpened. She looked at Hekusha. The woman stuttered.
“I—I was attempting to simplify it. To allow me to—”
Valeterisa scanned the notes and shook her head.
