8.46 G
Page 46
Anazurhe frowned. She inspected the details provided by Oteslia’s [Researchers], who believed in communication. She ran her finger down attempted solutions that had not worked on frozen trial rodents. And her eyes turned.
She looked left, and Rags looked left as well. Anazurhe spoke.
“There is the Goblin who could find the cure.”
She pointed at Velan the Kind. Who had once been one of the greatest [Alchemists] ever. That was what Rags kept forgetting. He had made such medicines that his body had become as strong as any [Warrior]. He had travelled to Drath, had learned secrets…
And was dead. Did the answer lie in memory? Anazurhe looked at the list. She turned it over. Frowned.
“…Hm. Hmmm. Hmmmmmmmmmmmmm.”
Rags’ head rose. No one ‘hmmed’ like that for nothing. Anazurhe’s eyes flickered down the list again, and she muttered.
“There is one potion. Not tried? Not known? Maybe…maybe…Prixall! Get over here!”
She snapped at the [Witch]. The Goblin walked over with an exasperated look Rags recognized. Safety or not, it couldn’t be fun being the eldest daughter of the Great Chieftain for sixty years. If only she could get Prixall. Alas, Redscar wasn’t enough, especially since he probably would refuse to seduce her.
“Chieftain?”
“Get that thing. The drink for ceremonies. Useless drink.”
Anazurhe snapped her fingers, clearly at a loss for what she wanted. She glared at Prixall as the Goblin suggested fifteen different names, finally got the one Anazurhe had forgotten, and stomped off to get it.
“What is it?”
Valeterisa was still engrossed in the problem. Anazurhe, on the other hand, explained, her eyes glittering.
“Useless drink.”
“…Great.”
Rags snorted. Anazurhe rolled her eyes, flapped her hat at Rags, and explained haughtily.
“A useless drink now. Something…made it less useful. It used to be used all the time. Goblin’s Lament made it. Some tribes made it. A very valuable drink. Less useful now than many, many lifetimes ago. Useless…now. I tried many times. But…”
She spread her claws.
“No good. I put it in special cups, put it in special ceremonies. Nothing happened. It is not a drink for us.”
“Drink? Not medicine? Drink for who?”
“Spirits.”
Rags’ eyes narrowed. Prixall came back, and Anazurhe shook her head. She stared about.
“So quiet. So empty. Nothing comes…one did, but didn’t stay. Only one? Used to be many. Here.”
She took a mostly-empty container and held it out. It glowed with magic, and Valeterisa dropped the notes instantly and came over.
“What a fascinating magical binding. It is a specific barrier on this amphora.”
She tapped the clay vessel. Anazurhe slapped her hands away.
“Yes, yes. Obvious. Duh. Now, look, Chieftain Rags. Prixall. Cup!”
The [Witch] held out a hand. She opened and closed it, then turned her head.
“You didn’t say ‘get a cup’, Chieftain.”
Prixall glowered. Anazurhe spoke slowly.
“Get…a…cup.”
Prixal was about to burst, but Rags offered her own canteen.
“Will this do?”
“Sure.”
Anazurhe held the canteen out, not even bothering to align it with the amphora. Rags worried she’d waste it, but, as it turned out, there was no need.
The liquid that flowed out of the amphora didn’t fall like regular water. It…drifted, as if it was made less of liquid, but not quite gas. Oh, and it was a light green, swimming with motes of violet and even particles that might have been for taste or a byproduct of how it was made, for it was surely old, as the vessel indicated.
