8.46 G
Page 56
The [Strategist] glared at his two companions. Their only sources of information came from the dead, so battlefields like this were important. You could even see who was winning or losing.
Now, they waited. For one or the other or even both to pop up. It seemed bad, to hear it from a recently-dead [Soldier].
They waited. Seconds. Then a minute. Then…
 
——
 
The final punch never came. The Goblin looked at the swaying [General]. The Human was unconscious. If Rabbiteater hit him, he would die.
The Goblin pulled out a healing potion and splashed it on the man’s face. The Human sagged, and the Goblin caught him before he hit the ground. Because…he didn’t have to die.
Erin wouldn’t have killed him. This was not that kind of war. Rabbiteater looked around.
“Flee!”
Ailendamus’ army broke, their [General] lost, seeing the Winter’s Watcher or some great [Knight] standing in the ruined command tent. Pheislant’s army was already charging their way.
Only the Order of the Hydra remained. They tried to take the command where the Summer Knights, Spring Knights, and mysterious warrior stood. One of them cursed as he saw the army of Pheislant coming.
“Back! Back to the Dame of the Hills! Prepare for an attack on both sides!”
The Order of the Hydra disengaged. But their leader pointed a finger at the mysterious warrior.
“You are not the Winter’s Watcher! Name yourself, Ser!”
The mysterious figure hesitated. Then he nodded. He spoke a gravelly word.
“Rabbiteater.”
The Hydra Knight hesitated. Then he nodded and ran.
 
——
 
The battle had reversed in a moment, as battles did. The Order of the Hydra turned, as they realized they were in a bad spot. Pheislant’s army was to their rear and [Soldiers] or not, they were ready to attack.
It would be a fight to remember. The Dame of the Hills had abandoned her duel.
“We will die and they will die. Ten thousand [Knights] stand ready for battle! For Ailendamus!”
The Order of the Hydra set itself. They waited, as the milling forces around the ruined camp and their fleeing support army tried to regroup. They turned as half their forces held back the furious, reinvigorated Order of Seasons and Champion of Summer. Setting themelseves. Arming their rear ranks with crossbows for a full battle. Waiting…
Pheislant’s forces and the [Knights] never came. In fact, they began to stream away from the battle.
“What? They’re running?”
The [Knight-Commander] couldn’t believe it. But Pheislant’s forces declined to save their beleaguered Season of Summer. Only as they headed away and the [Knights] who’d been fighting them returned did he realize—
“Break ranks! After them! Send all [Riders]! Send word!”
Too late. The army was breaking off. Not attacking the dangerous Order of the Hydra. Rather, without anyone to stop them, they rampaged back the way they’d come. Riding. Racing towards…
Ailendamus’ war camp. Where their supplies, baggage trains, support like [Cooks], [Healers], and so on were located…
And the prisoners. They had a rear-guard there. But by the time the Order of the Hydra arrived, everything not taken was burning. And the prisoners of the Order of Seasons, so hard-won?
…Gone. This—this was a disaster, even if General Avring was alive! This wasn’t how the Order of Seasons fought! This was more like…
A raid.
 
——
 
Rabbiteater laughed. He was racing east, with the newly-liberated Order of Seasons’ [Knights]. With Pheislant’s army, breaking away from Greysten’s forces. Rabbiteater hoped he’d escaped, but he’d told the others they weren’t going to join up.
