8.46 G
Page 36
Anazurhe winked.
“No one comes to the Great Chieftain without a gift. Except [Witches]. What will you give me for aid?”
Rags pursed her lips. Valeterisa jumped in.
“I will pay Anazurhe if you would consider trading me the key…no? Very well.”
Rags stared at the woman.
“Are you really an Archmage of Wistram?”
“Yes. I believe so.”
Valeterisa gave her a blank look. She raised a finger to her temple.
“Valeterisa to Wistram. Am I still an Archmage? …Yes? Good. Yes, I am.”
Rags wondered if she was sick, and if it was contagious. She edged back a bit, but she did have a suitable gift in mind.
“Chieftain Anazurhe. If you give us shelter to rest a day or two, and magic, we will trade. And Archmage Valeterisa will give us something, for my gift.”
Both Anazurhe and Valeterisa glanced at Rags. The [Witch of Flames] looked amused.
“Archmage and Great Chieftain both owe you favors? It must be a gift of gifts.”
Rags shrugged, casually. She produced her gift, and held it out. Valeterisa’s eyes sharpened and Hekusha whirled.
“That’s my—!”
Her notes, personal spellbook, and everything looted from her research station all came out of Rags’ bag of holding. She held up the trove of knowledge to Valeterisa, who made a snatching grab for it, eyes alight with curiosity.
“Good gift?”
Anazurhe grinned, taking off her mask. She eyed Izril’s most famous Healer, who had turned dead-white. And you know what? Rags didn’t feel bad about it at all.
“Good gift, Chieftain Rags. You are welcome to Molten Stone!”
 
——
 
Rabbiteater joined the battle with the Order of Seasons, riding in neat wedges of cavalry. This time, the Order of Seasons would take their mounts into battle. They had to risk it, despite the danger of being bogged down by the Order of Hydra’s numbers.
The army of Ailendamus had parked themselves along a ridgeline, cutting off the Order’s escape route. And here came the legion of [Knights], chanting and cheering as they marched forwards, led by the Dame of the Hills.
“Dame of the Hills! I challenge you!”
Dame Voost saluted the half-Giant with her sword. The Great Knight smiled behind her helm.
“Ah, a ploy for the Summer’s Champion to burn my fellows down, is it? Challenge denied! [A Knight’s Duel], Ser Greysten! Let’s have it out!”
The Summer’s Champion roared in frustration, but he swung his own warhorse around and rode at her. Rabbiteater cursed. It was already going bad.
Just like last time, the Order of the Hydra moved in, refusing to let the Order of Seasons charge and breakaway. They neatly cut off Pheislant’s [Soldiers] from the rest of the fighting with a hail of crossbow bolts, and Rabbiteater watched Pheislant’s forces skirmish against Ailendamus’ infantry while under heavy crossbow fire.
…Behind a wall of the Order of the Hydra, who cheerfully surrounded two lance-charges of Ser Zulv’s best Summer Knights who tried to break to the aid of their regular forces. The Order of Seasons was forced backwards, charging, regrouping, refusing to duel, but hemmed in by a press of bodies that would take down any mounted [Knight] in seconds. They moved back into the valley as Greysten and Dame Merila fought.
Greysten was roaring with flame, and slashed halfway through her own sword with his axe. It wasn’t enchanted; it was a huge blade for a half-Giant, a colossal expense of metal, let alone in forging. She dropped it with a curse, throwing her shield out to block a gout of flames.
“Sword!”
“[Armed At All Times]!”
