8.46 G
Page 29
She removed the half-mask she wore, and smiled, her lips showing a slight scar. Redscar noted with approval that at least someone here had a wound from a blade. Anazurhe smiled at Rags, not as condescendingly arrogant as Tremborag, nor as single-minded as Garen. Nor as weary as Reiss. But she had some of these things. Mostly, though? She bent down the ways between their heights.
“So the Great Chieftain of the Flooded Waters tribe has upset all of north Izril and stolen their precious Healer of Tenbault, all to save the life of a Human. I say…that is not-Goblin at all.”
Redscar winced. Calescent didn’t move, still looking sad. But Redscar took a look at Rags’ expression and grinned.
“Got you, Chieftain.”
 
——
 
Archmage Valeterisa was on her way south to visit…someone. She had a note. Let’s see.
 
Actionable items for this month: 
-Visit the Meeting of Tribes. Confer with Grand Magus Eldavin.
-Appended notes: inquire into ‘Fissival magic suppression’ endeavors. Obtain Gnollish favor.
-Meet with Wall Lord Ilvriss regarding ‘plans’.
-Inspect one ‘Erin Solstice’ regarding death, condition. Confer with Grand Magus Eldavin.
-Investigate Ryoka Griffin or Wind Runner of Reizmelt.
-Investigate ‘The Wandering Inn’, Liscor. Connection with—investigate disappearance of a ‘Mrsha’. Confer with Grand Magus Eldavin, local authorities.
-Visit your niece (Ieka). Very important! Do not forget! Present ten years of birthday presents. Do it now. Don’t forget this time. Hurry up.
 
She felt like that bottom note had been there a while, given the appended instructions. However, she had already crossed out one item off her list, hadn’t she? Or was she still doing it?
 
-Visit Anazurhe. Bring gift. Collect any magical items/knowledge present.
 
She waited, patiently, devoting her mental capacities to memorizing the spells Eldavin had presented her with to long-term memory. She also began plotting where to put the next teleport beacon; she’d been setting them up but she wondered if they’d fail once she got to Fissival.
How fascinating. If Fissival did have a magical suppression field continent-wide, could they then lock down teleportation spells if they chose to? She would assume they had in the past, but could they do it now, or monitor them? Valeterisa began trying to calculate how they’d do it if so, when she saw the two Goblins arguing.
The small one was attempting to kick the taller one. Which the taller one, Anazurhe, responded to with a jet of fire. That was in keeping with her personality, but she did not appear to be malevolent.
Valeterisa knew that because the little Goblin wasn’t dead. Two Goblins, both of the Hob variety, dragged her back, and they began to argue. Valeterisa wondered if she should listen, but she decided one of her mental processes could distill any useful information later.
She had six trains of thought running on the Fissival question, but she had to devote three to dealing with the Healer of Tenbault. The woman was pleading with her.
“They’ll kill me, Archmage! Please, you can save me, can’t you?”
“Hello, Lady Hekusha. I am very pleased to meet you after—twelve years. How do you do? You are looking well.”
Valeterisa’s mouth moved in her ‘social greeting’ setting. The look on Hekusha’s face made Valeterisa devote another few thoughts to actually addressing this situation.
“…I am not Valeterisa, Hekusha. If I was, I would not be in the company of Goblins, who are a de facto monster, without treaty or sympathies at this moment.”
She hesitated, and sent off a mental query.
 
