8.46 G
Page 18
Rags stared up, then she too felt a strange, burning pain in her lungs. She began to cough, and finally saw something rising into the air, invisible by the time it got higher.
Steam. No, steam and…
The correct word for it was a fumarole, a natural steam-vent created by the heat of volcanic activity. It emitted gas, not just water vapor.
Sulfuric gas. And a host of other bad things in the smoke that had knocked Snowscale out of the air when it had accidentally flown too low over a vent.
Not just sulfur. One of the Carn Wolves began sneezing and backing away from the vent, still six hundred meters distant. A Goblin joined the wolf.
“Chieftain. Poison.”
The Redfang did double-duty in Poisonbite’s unit and knew what she was talking about. When she spoke, all the Goblins moved. Snowscale was urged up, and forced, whining, to lumber away.
“What is that?”
The fumarole didn’t look like deadly poison to Rags, but the instant they retreated further, she felt the stinging pain in her lungs and incessant need to cough dissipating. Redscar swore and shaded his eyes.
“…Not just smoke. Chieftain. You see?”
Rags squinted ahead. And the barren landscape began to resolve itself into something else.
Yes, it was hot. And the stone and dirt had that dry, igneous quality that came from being situated near a heat source that leeched water out of the ground.
However. This was not a place lacking water. It pooled in groundwells, often thin and shallow, at least, from what Rags saw. The swampy outer region gave way to this different kind of marsh. But there was still life here.
Maybe it would be harder if this was Kevin’s Earth. All these poisonous compounds made even small life difficult to sustain, let alone a complex organism.
Here, magic provided. And only magic. Rags saw strange clumps of plants growing along the water she’d never drink even if she was dying of thirst. Strange plants, mosses…even some of the stones were odd.
Yellow sulfur deposits. She frowned at them. She’d never seen the powdery, yellow stuff before. Sand? This wasn’t sand. However, her attention was on the plants. Some were located right over the vents, and if her eyes didn’t deceive her, they were adding their own mixture to the smoke.
“Poison plants. Great.”
The Redfang nodded.
“Chieftain, poof-air places death. Choke-poison death. There. There. There…maybe there, safe.”
She pointed, and Rags saw her tracing a route away from the poisonous vents located near anything growing. The other ones might just emit a toxic smoke, but…
Rags growled.
“Wonderful.”
She liked sarcasm. It suited her. Fighti anxiously propped herself up on her shoulder.
“Snowscale sick, Chieftain.”
A retching sound made Rags look over as the Frost Wyvern threw up. And it was a lot for a Wyvern to throw up. Rags grimaced.
“Get Snowscale up.”
“But Chieftain—”
“Get up. We take to Hekusha, okay? She heals…we go on foot. Maybe scout. Oh, and masks.”
“Kevin’s masks help?”
Calescent was on his feet, and grimacing, shaking his head a bit woozily. Rags shrugged.
“Better than not, right? Now—”
She turned as a warning howl came from behind them. Where the Healer was. Cursing, Rags ran for the Carn Wolves. Redscar raced back the way they’d come. What now? What—?
What now turned out to be…Goblins. Goblins, of course, but more Goblins. In fact?
A tribe. Nearly two hundred Goblins, surrounding the two Redfangs and Carn Wolves, who were riding around a terrified Hekusha hiding behind a barrier she’d cast.
