8.46 G
Page 28
Hekusha froze. She rubbed at her eyes to make sure she was right. Then, before the [Witch] could speak, before Rags could greet her or insult her to her face, the Healer of Tenbault ran.
She hadn’t run since she was a girl, but she put every stride and ounce of desperate, sudden adrenaline into…well, a pretty bad dash, honestly.
But the other Goblins were so surprised, they watched her run across the room and fling herself towards the last figure, Anazurhe’s second guest, who looked bemused.
“Archmage Valeterisa! Archmage Valeterisa!”
The Archmage of Izril blinked. The Healer of Tenbault seized her arm.
“I’ve been kidnapped by Goblins! Please, save me! I’ll repay you! There they are!”
She pointed a finger back at the Goblins. Then grabbed Valeterisa’s arm.
“Teleport us away!”
The rather plain woman with messy hair, powerful magic and robes, but a complete lack of attention to style like the Goblin [Witch], stared at the Healer of Tenbault.
Rags stared at the Healer, and nodded. She was disappointed, but she had expected that. Calescent on the other hand? He stared at Hekusha, hurt written all over his face. Redscar had only heard ‘Archmage’, and he was ready to draw his blades and leap at her.
Prixall started uncertainly, but the Witch Chieftain raised a hand. She looked…amused. So Rags nudged Redscar.
Valeterisa looked at the terrified woman, trying to shield herself from the Goblins as she waited for salvation. She pursed her lips, and her eyes flickered.
“I…am not Valeterisa. My name is Anabelle. Charmed. I’m sorry, you must have me confused with someone else. Goodbye.”
And she tried to pluck Hekusha’s hands from her arm. The Healer looked at her.
“What? Valeterisa! It’s me! Hekusha!”
“Hekusha. Hekusha…”
Again, the eyes flickered.
“Oh, the Healer of Tenbault. Hello…that is what I would say if I was Valeterisa. Which I’m not, because the Archmage would not socialize with Goblins. You have me mistaken.”
“What? You can’t—help me! I’ve been kidnapped!”
“Please let go. Please let go of my arm. No? Very well.”
Valeterisa pointed a finger, and Hekusha froze as a paralysis spell hit her. Valeterisa tried to remove her arm and realized she’d just locked Hekusha’s hands around it. She sighed, and stared at her arm, as if seriously considering removing it.
“So this is the Healer of Tenbault. She does not seem worth the effort to me. But the Chieftain of the Kraken Eaters would want her, and Tremborag would have. Did you steal her to heal Goblin after Goblin?”
Anazurhe spoke. Hekusha flinched—then tore her hands away from Valeterisa’s arm with a scream. She danced, as the magical fire covering the Archmage of Izril’s arms went out. Then she stood, realizing she had miscalculated all.
Rags stared at the woman, then swung her head around to meet the Chieftain’s gaze. With a shock, she felt like she was staring into two dancing flames. The [Witch] was fire, and even a [Steelflame Tactician] paled before it. Even a [Great Chieftain]…
No, they were alike in that. If anything, Anazurhe, up close, only confirmed what Rags had felt.
A faded lighthouse. Like Greydath, but not quite. She shook her head.
“No. She might not be worth it, but I stole her to save a friend.”
“A Goblin’s life? Whose? Does Garen Redfang live? The Goblin Lord?”
Rags hesitated.
“No. A Human who is friend to Goblins.”
The [Witch]’s eyes opened wider. Valeterisa cocked her head and pulled something out. She scribbled down a note. Prixall blinked, and the Healer saw the [Witch of Flames] throw back her head and laugh.
