8.46 G
Page 10
She poked at him with a gauntleted finger, which was a very Goblin thing to do. Ser Markus saw the annoyed ‘Ser Solstice’ turn his helmet, then elaborate.
“We took no prisoners. They did. They’re winning.”
He pointed back at the Order of the Hydra.
“They certainly have the numbers on their side. Ordinarily we’d establish prisoner trains—escorts to take our prisoners away. But they have us on the run.”
Markus agreed wearily. Rabbiteater shook his head.
“There are thousands of them. They’re winning.”
“Not if we break their lines! The Order’s won greater battles with less, Rabbiteater, and reinforcements should be coming.”
“Pgrh.”
The Goblin made a rude sound in his helmet. He rode ahead as the two Spring Knights exchanged exasperated glances.
“What’s wrong with fighting a war where you don’t kill the other fellow, Rabbiteater? Isn’t that better, from what you’ve told us of Izril’s conflicts?”
Rabbiteater stopped. He glared back at them as the Spring Knights around them caught up with the main force. He pointed a furious finger.
“I don’t care about how you fight. [Knights] fight like the other one’s…people. A person. What about the people who don’t get to be people on the battlefield?”
He was not as eloquent as Numbtongue, and even now struggled to make himself clear. But one finger was enough. Meisa and Markus turned and saw the army that had taken casualties. In the hundreds.
Pheislant’s forces and Ailendamus’ forces had fought, but there was a distinction between [Knights] and…non-[Knights]. You’d often see both fighting together, but in this case, the Order of the Hydra was playing to the rules and essentially boxing out the Order of Seasons from fighting the regular [Soldiers] of Ailendamus. They formed a wall of duels and melees, such that the Order of the Summer couldn’t use their famous fire aura to burn the [Soldiers] en-masse.
Which meant that two armies of mostly non-[Knights] fought. Ailendamus’ army, and Pheislant’s mostly mounted force. Again, it was people on horses versus a very grounded army.
Unfortunately, no rules of war existed there for yielding. Ailendamus’ army had torn Pheislant’s to pieces. Again. They’d sat on a hill, and showered the poor [Soldiers] with crossbow bolts, keeping them from helping the Order of Seasons.
The dead. Rabbiteater saw Greysten talking to the bloodied Pheislant commander. Ser Markus followed after.
“It’s a damned shame. If we could have broken through again to help them—but yielding and the code of honorable engagements doesn’t work as well with [Soldiers], Rabbiteater. They don’t have our armor, by and large.”
“Yes. So the [Knights] get to live. Everyone else gets to fight like they’re monsters. Or Goblins.”
“That’s not fair…!”
“Markus. Let him be angry.”
Meisa drew back her companion. Markus glowered, but let Rabbiteater ride on. The Goblin Knight slowed as Greysten removed his helmet.
“Damn. Is there any way out of it?”
“No, Summer’s Champion.”
“Then we break west. Now. Rabbiteater, we’re being boxed in. Damn. Damn!”
The Summer’s Champion tossed his helmet down. He looked bruised. His entire body looked like one bruise, and no wonder. He’d been battling a literal giant. Well—half-Giant, but kin to Zamea and the largest of her kind.
A half-Giant with levels. That Greysten had driven her off was amazing. Even so, he had the energy to command.
“What’s a box?”
