8.46 G
Page 21
“Mask not bad. Dog wear mask since this small. Good mask. Mask or die choke-choke-argh-death.”
Rags nodded. Oh, of course. But…the Chieftain Hobgoblin was fascinated by the mask she’d let him inspect. He loved the filters, and the glass eye-goggles.
“Is good. Chieftains have glass. I not have.”
He muttered, a bit upset by this lacking problem. But he loved the filters. They were new to him and he asked to see one of the replacements Kevin had worked up.
“Ooh. What black stuff?”
“Charcoal. Help bad air.”
“Smart. Goblins wear masks. Good goblins. Friends.”
The dog wagged its tail. It had a droopy face, but was clearly used to Goblins. In fact, it barked at Hekusha, who kept well behind Calescent, who was talking with the Goblins present. Rags frowned.
“Good Goblins? There bad Goblins?”
“Sometimes. Goblins fight Goblins. Bad Goblins come from big mountain. Or sea. Sometimes fight. Sometimes to see Great Chieftain.”
Rags sat upright.
“Great Chieftain? I am Great Chieftain too.”
The Hob blinked, but he took Rags at her word.
“Then you come for Great Chieftain of Molten Stone tribe? You know masks. Not fight us.”
“No. Humans following. We come…know Goblins here. Molten Stone tribe is big tribe here?”
“Yes. Tribes here…here…here…Molten Stone here.”
The Chieftain of the Yellow Powder tribe, who was named Neuz, showed Rags a simple map. If the Molten Stone was in the center, around what Rags guessed was the smoke stack, a volcano, then there were in fact many tribes around the center one, all of this tribe’s size or a bit bigger.
It was so strange. Rags was instantly reminded of the only other tribe to do things that way. In fact…Redscar leaned over.
“Chieftain. Sounds like Mountain City tribe. And Kraken Eaters.”
“Mountain City! Kraken Eaters!”
Neuz exploded with rage, and the hunting dog barked behind its mask. Rags guessed these were ‘bad Goblins’. To calm him, Rags pointed at the mask he held.
“Chieftain Neuz. You take my mask. Gift. You help us get to Molten Stone tribe?”
The Hob looked at the mask and the coveted glass.
“You give?”
Rags nodded. Instantly, he jumped to his feet, beaming.
“You guests! Molten Stone tribe not like visitors. You must have gift. Gift for Great Chieftain, Anazurhe! [Witch]! Business. You say ‘business’, and show gift, they let you go.”
Rags traded a glance with Redscar. Now what was this?
 
——
 
“Molten Stone. Kraken Eaters. Redscar, you remember?”
The Redfang leaned against Neuz’s hut as he found a guide and messengers to tell the other tribes to let the Flooded Waters Goblins through. He frowned as a little Goblin child tottered past them, intent on touching Thunderfur’s leg. She began to pluck hairs and Redscar ushered her away as Thunderfur growled. But even this little child wore a mask.
“Garen talked about them. Remember?”
Rags did. Tremborag and Garen had looked for allies during the Goblin Lord’s attack, but the two tribes they had decided were worth approaching…hadn’t come. Neither Chieftain would work with Tremborag.
It felt like a long time ago. She had wondered to the character of the two, and recalled something vague about a brute and a spellcaster, respectively.
Well, Kraken Eaters had come to Invrisil and she’d heard about what even a few warriors had done. As for Molten Stone? She felt more of a Mountain City vibe from them, which didn’t comfort her, knowing Tremborag.
However, Neuz came back and did elaborate on some things.
“Goblins come. Humans come. Even…”
He frowned, and searched for the word in the common tongue. He traced a triangle on his hat.
“[Witches]?”
