8.46 G
Page 38
Rags recoiled so hard she slammed into the wall. She looked at Prixall. A fully-grown Hob. And—Rags didn’t see a difference between her and Snapjaw. She had no white hair like Greydath. She could have been a Hob of four years. She was…
Prixall nodded.
“Goblins of the Molten Stone tribe admire you. Want to be Redfangs or Flooded Waters. But why? If they leave, they die. Glory is…”
A flame burned for a second. Then winked out. And there was nothing Rags could say against it. Prixall pointed down the corridor.
“See what Chieftain Anazurhe makes, Chieftain Rags. You are smart. You may see.”
She led Rags forwards, and they came to a strange place. Through carved tunnels—neat, but still with a bit of variation in craft, signs of mixed skill levels, albeit hard work—they came to a huge…chamber.
Chamber was Rags’ word, because she couldn’t figure out what the purpose was, at first. It was a completely square room in all dimensions. Unlike even the rest of the fortress, even Anazurhe’s personal magic room, this place was perfect.
Perfect as in, each line of geometry was a mathematical constant. As in, each tile was laid with such outstanding craftsmanship and skill that even Hexel or Drevish would have said it was fine work. Rags saw two braziers, custom-made, each a solid piece of iron, sitting next to the one part in progress.
A…staircase. Which led to nowhere yet, as it was only sixteen feet down. Each step made of gleaming, dark granite. Each block without flaw. And the new ones were being laid personally by a sweating Human [Mason].
Watched by no less than eighteen Goblins, and commanded by another Hob, holding a scroll and inspecting it constantly.
“I, ah, I’ve got a little flaw in this stone, sir?”
The Human poked his head up and showed them one of the blocks he was installing. He was clearly using Skills; it looked like the place he’d laid was as seamless as the rest of the room. He was good at his job, and clearly nervous about his audience, who were armed.
“Bad stone?”
“Yes, sir?”
The female Goblin took a look at the stone, made a noise of disgust, and hurled it past Rags and Prixall into the plain corridor beyond. She went over to kick at the pieces as the [Mason] watched. Then turned back.
“Good. No bad stones.”
“No bad stones at all, Miss. I…”
He stared at Prixall and Rags. The [Witch] spoke.
“Keep working, [Mason]. We will observe.”
“Yes ma’am. Of course. I…”
He went back to inspecting each stone before laying it. Rags stared around the perfect room. Black stone, polished like a mirror. When the two braziers were lit, it would give this room ambiance, especially with the walls of equally smooth stone. The stairway wasn’t a slope, but an actual stairway. Why?
There was no reason for this much clear expense and, to judge by it, painstaking perfection if Anazure just wanted a new wing. Why hire a Human? Was this some magical room?
If so, why wouldn’t a [Mage] make it? Rags saw Prixall watching her with amusement as she strode around the room.
“Anything special?”
“No. Just built to exacting standards. Show her.”
The Goblin with the scroll hesitated. Prixall glared.
“Anazurhe has given Chieftain Rags permission. Show her.”
The [Mason] hesitated as Rags looked at the blueprints to this room. Which he had been told that if he so much as glanced at would result in a painful death. Rags stared at a very neat set of blueprints of…
This room. A perfect square, noted out with exact measurements for how big each tile should be. A scrawl about the quality of stones, and a staircase leading down to…
