8.46 G
Page 3
Rags traded a glance with Calescent. The Hob gave her a weird look. Did she think Rags had just made her put on jewelry? The first thing Rags had done when she’d woken the woman out of her faint was to make her put on the ring.
And warn her not to cast [Message]. Rags rolled her eyes.
“Take off the ring and Calescent takes off your hand, got it? And he’ll make you eat it. No [Message] spells. I can tell.”
The Healer went dead-white. She looked at Calescent and the offended [Chef], preparing a fast meal on a little pan, put his hands on his hips.
“No meat on hands. I don’t feed hands, Chieftain. Although…if marinate…”
He tapped a finger to his lips, then smiled reassuringly at the Healer, without his teeth.
She just stared at her hands as Rags, grumbling, strode over to Fighti.
“Can we turn yet? Find way to turn?”
“Got to find no-Humans place, Chieftain. Humans see us turn, they turn. Like this.”
Fightipilota made a little diagram in the dirt, to indicate that their ability to turn left or right was hampered by them having to go through pursuers, who could then cross a shorter distance to reach them. Simple geometry—a word she had no idea about. But she knew how to raid and get away.
Rags grumbled.
“What about hiding?”
“Hah! Good one. Chieftain wants to hide? From [Trackers]? How long?”
Fair point. Rags sighed.
“North, then. But…go that way. Too many Human settlements, see? Aim for here.”
She pulled out a map and showed Fighti where she thought they were, and tried to chart them into areas with no Human settlements. Fighti nodded.
“Okay, Chieftain. You, boss. I get promotion if we get back?”
Rags gave the Redfang-turned-[Wyvern Rider] a long look.
“You Redfang. I promote what, Poisonbite job?”
“No…maybe Air Force Major? Ma’am! Sir! Drop bombs! Vrooom!”
She made sounds and gesticulated, trying to get across her limited understanding of Earth’s air forces and the powers she’d get. Rags stared at her.
“…Sure.”
She blamed Kevin for that. The Human was a huge boon in many ways, not least of which was the casual way he’d come to Goblinhome and just…hung out. Done ollies with Goblins. Shown them there was one Human who just thought they were ‘cool’.
Also, he’d helped her design a new kind of ballista they were already prototyping, given her insight into Earth’s industrial complex, the power of gears and bicycle schematics, knowledge about Earth that reframed Erin Solstice in an entire new light—even helped design two pieces of gear for this mission.
Fighti had an experimental helmet with ‘goggles’. In this case, two pieces of glass that saved her eyes from being blown out by bugs or grit hitting her at high-speed, embedded in a leather helmet. It wasn’t advanced, and Kevin had talked about ‘plastic’ being probably better, or enchanted glass, but they had done it!
…Mainly by literally stealing glass from a window and cutting it into the right shape. But Fighti had told Rags it made seeing a lot easier. She also had the same gear Rags still had around her neck, hanging down from the strap.
A crude breathing mask, or ‘gas mask’ as Kevin had called it. It was a curious snout-like device with a filter, but it had worked to keep the dust out. It too used glass and leather, their two main objects, or metal in Calescent’s case, though the [Smiths] hadn’t had enough iron or time to do all of them.
