8.46 G
Page 35
A spectral snake made of orange light. Rags started. The [Warlock] turned, and flicked a bolt of concussive magic that knocked one of his buddies flat as she tried to charge Redscar from behind. He hesitated in dismay, and Redscar knocked the blade from his hands. The [Warlock] stared stupidly at his hand, backpedalled, and Redscar gave him a flying drop-kick to the back.
“That’s a fairly dangerous fellow. He’d be a Face for sure. Makes this lot look silly.”
Rags shrugged. She eyed the [Warlock] with interest as Redscar picked him up and tried to explain how not to do that again. He had potential. That bound creature trick would have done a lot of damage if he had the experience to back it up.
“Anyways, Miss. Where are you from? Don’t worry! Rogue’s confidentiality. I reckon you’re on the list if your tribe’s met my people.”
“Mm. I met someone else. Gave me free rings.”
“Oh. What’s his name? I can do you a better offer. Do you need potions? Supplies? I can get you a scrying orb, free, depending on what you have to sell…”
The man broke off as Rags saw Hekusha again. The Healer of Tenbault was staring at Valeterisa, who kept wanting to see the key. And Roell. He blinked.
“That’s…is that the Healer of Tenbault? Then you’re…”
He looked at Rags, recoiled, and backed up. Rags raised an eyebrow.
“Don’t want to sell me things?”
“Er—maybe when all’s cooled down, Miss Chieftain. Terribly sorry, but we don’t like dealing with active tribes.”
The Healer of Tenbault stared at Roell. Then pointed an accusing finger at him and Valeterisa.
“You’re conspiring with Goblins. I’ve been kidnapped! They slaughtered Tenbault’s people! How could you?”
Rags crossed her arms. Now that her true feelings were out, the Healer looked even more afraid of the Goblin monsters than before. And equally—as outraged at the traitors to her people.
It was Valeterisa who rubbed at one ear.
“Is she speaking? I can’t hear anything.”
Roell, on the other hand, just gave the Healer of Tenbault a long look. A…none-too-friendly look, actually.
“Begging your pardon, Miss. I’m just a poor man, trying to make a decent living. I’ve never seen more than…”
His lips moved. Roell counted.
“Eight people get killed, all because they were stupid. I heard they got you.”
He nodded at Rags.
“Crying shame. Hope you’re treated well.”
“You’re just going to leave me here? You won’t tell them where I am? I am the Healer of Tenbault.”
Hekusha shook her fist at him. Roell glanced at Rags and Anazurhe.
“…Assuming I was stupid enough to do that anywhere near the Great Chieftain of the Molten Stone tribe, Miss? I’d still not really bother. Molten Stone pays well, and they give [Alchemists] good stuff through my gang. Even set me up with a poultice once. I had a niece who died in Tenbault. Never saw you. Good riddance. G’day, too.”
He nodded to her and stalked off. Rags liked him. She nudged Fighti.
“We buy stuff from him later.”
Fighti was munching on some food the Molten Stone tribe had provided as Hekusha was lost for words. And friends. Anazurhe gave Rags a knowing look.
“Chieftain Rags. Humans will come and search for her. They will not get here, but tribes will fight them. You cannot stay.”
Rags already knew that. She nodded.
“Can you give food, directions? Get away from Humans?”
Anazurhe’s eyes glinted.
“I can give you magic to hide you or speed you. That is what I do. Even to distant Goblins; Chieftains have paid me to give aid. My magic can stretch across the north, and I can give you great potions or spells.”
Rags’ ears perked up. She nodded slowly.
“Useful. You want something?”
