8.46 G
Page 57
“That’s not how you fight! Strike here! Strike there! And take prisoners!”
“You mean, free prisoners. I say, is that chivalrous or not?”
Ser Markus had a bandage on his head. He looked concerned, but Dame Meisa just grinned.
“They were prisoners, and we rescued them! Just like the Bear-[General]’s camp! It’s completely fair!”
“Well, it feels jolly unsporting. I might like it!”
Dame Talia rode with Rabbiteater. She looked at the Goblin. She was not the only one. He didn’t know how a tribe of Goblins cheered him. The Flooded Water’s champion. A symbol.
A [Champion]. But also…he smiled.
A [Knight]. And he carried that memory with him still. Two things.
 
[Champion Level 34!]
[Skill – Aura of the Hearth obtained!]
 
[Knight-Errant Level 15!]
[Conditions Met: Knight-Errant → Aura Knight Class!]
[Skill – Aura of the Brave obtained!]
 
Copies of that memory. Rabbiteater closed his eyes.
“They’ll be following us.”
Ser Ilm observed. Rabbiteater nodded. He looked forwards.
“So. Onwards?”
“Onwards.”
Dame Meisa smiled, her eyes alight. Markus raised his fist.
“Onwards! The Order of Seasons rides to the Dawn Concordat’s aid! With—”
He realized that Greysten wasn’t with them and wavered. So Talia spoke.
“The Knight of Solstice?”
She glanced at him. Markus and Meisa turned. The Spring Knights’ eyes lit up.
“Yes. A fitting name. The Knight of Solstice!”
And that was the kind of story to move even Goblins to action. Hope. Daring. Adventure. But more than that…a Goblin riding in the company of friends.
 
——
 
It puzzled the Order of the Hydra, even as word came that reinforcements would be coming. The few [Knights] who had clashed with the mysterious warrior gave their reports, and it was the [Knight-Commander] and the Dame of the Hills herself who speculated who it could be.
“A warrior from Izril. A Drake?”
“Perhaps. But it’s the name he gave you that makes me question that, Dame Merila. ‘Rabbiteater’—have you ever heard of such a name?”
The Dame of the Hills sat cross-legged, not angry for having lost a battle. If anything, the foreign knight had lit the spark of battle in her eyes. She spoke, slowly.
“I have not, [Knight-Commander]. But I think we are being too…too literal. Think of it. Ser Berst asked this [Knight] his name. What sort of fellow would use deceit in such a way? What fine, proud lot like the Order of Seasons would do such a thing?”
The Order of the Hydra snorted. They had fought rich [Knights] in enchanted armor and thrashed them until this battle. The Dame of the Hills grinned.
“Not a proper [Knight] poncing down on his stallion, no. That fellow fought with fists and beat a street-boy of Ailendamus hand-to-hand. Humbled [Duelists]! He didn’t give you his name, Ser Berst. Think on it.”
The Hydra Knight did, and then his eyes widened.
“Of course!”
“I don’t follow.”
“Rabbiteater, Knight-Commander. A rabbit eater. Common-folk, as we are. ‘Tis a challenge to us! No rich fellow! Well, I take it as a personal vendetta. To this ‘Rabbit Eater’, I’ll bring him down, upon my oath as a Great Knight of Ailendamus!”
The Dame of the Hills rose, and cast her gaze eastwards. So there it rang, from Ailendamus’ Court of Masks to Izril. That [Knight] of Izril. The mysterious Goblin Slayer.
Ser Rabbiteater Solstice.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I swear, I thought it could be 22,000 words. I was trying for it since I wrote 38,000 words and even with a small break, I’m at the end of my writing cycle. The next chapter is the one before my break and I was trying to take it easy.
