8.46 G
Page 30
Archmage Valeterisa to Invrisil’s Mage’s Guild. Query. Are Goblins still classified as monsters?
 
She got a response after three minutes.
 
Yes.
 
During which Hekusha had laid out an appeal to spirit her to safety. Valeterisa could, of course, do this. Although if Anazurhe objected, it might put her in danger. She did not want to, which she calmly pointed out. At which point the Healer said something that triggered one of Valeterisa’s subconscious routines.
“I’ll…I’ll tell them you were here and didn’t help me!”
That. Was a threat. Valeterisa’s brows rose as a third of her mental processes, which equated to enough to run her at what she estimated to be an older Valeterisa’s full mental capacities, formed up. She nodded to herself.
“I see. In that case, Lady Hekusha, I will have to kill you.”
The Healer of Tenbault stared as Valeterisa drew her wand, and aimed it at her forehead. She squealed and dove. Valeterisa waited and let the ominous [Orange Light] spell glow until the Healer’s head was out of the way, then cast her spell.
[Ray of Incineration].
It blasted forwards, scorching the far wall as the Goblins whirled. Anazurhe hissed, but Valeterisa calmly pointed her wand down at the Healer.
[Orange Light].
“Don’t kill me!”
“If you threaten me or reveal anything inconveniencing in the future, I will kill you, Lady Hekusha.”
Valeterisa waited to see if her intimidation ploy had worked. It seemed so, given the babble of assurances, so she put her wand back.
“Very good! Please stop bothering me. Thank you.”
She stood there for a while, as the Goblins stared at her. Valeterisa eventually did look back down at the Healer of Tenbault, because it occurred to her that she should elaborate, the woman being important enough to warrant it.
“Goblins are not an isolated group, Lady Hekusha. Like other ‘non-civilized’ species, they do trade and have their own items of worth. It is only…mm…an ‘illegal’ group that trades with them. However, it would be foolish to turn down the opportunity for knowledge. Witch Anazurhe is in the possession of a method of spellcasting and materials even an Archmage finds useful.”
“But they’re monsters!”
A full third of Valeterisa refocused again. She sighed, removed her spectacles, and cleaned them with a spell.
“Yes. That is a common refrain. Since you have said it, I disqualify you from being heard. Thank you.”
And she heard nothing else. Which was quite pleasant. The Goblins stared at her and she peered at them. They had nothing too interesting that she wanted. A Ghostly Blade enchantment on that sword, Ice Edge enchantment…no, no. She hoped this was not a waste of time. She had important business to be on.
Then she stared at something hanging around the Great Chieftain’s neck. Rags. She saw that Witch Anazurhe was looking at it too, but it had no magical aura.
That Valeterisa could see or sense. And that was fascinating. Because, and this was nothing more than observation, a number of her observational thoughts putting together information—
It had no magical aura. It looked plain.
However, Witch Anazurhe looked at it. Ergo, it had value.
Witch Anazurhe did not lack for wealth. The key was therefore significant if she knew it, as neither Goblin had met.
Therefore, it was important. No mundane key was worth keeping, however, given the intrinsic risk of destruction and the fact that a mundane key could be easily replicated.
Therefore it was magical.
And she could not read it.
Therefore, it was very magical.
 
——
 
“Talk to me in our language, Great Chieftain of Flooded Waters. Not their tongue, but ours.”
