8.46 G
Page 37
The highest-leveled [Squire] that Rabbiteater had ever seen, a fully-grown man, charged forwards. Somehow, he tossed up a blade longer than he was tall, and Dame Merila caught it. She swept back down with a scything blow that Greysten parried with a Skill—but sent his horse rearing back with the shock of it.
“If he just killed the [Squire], it would be easier.”
“That’s not chivalrous.”
Ser Markus pointed out. Rabbiteater rolled his eyes behind his helm. He began to charge with his group. They were going to lose. The Order of the Hydra had marked Voost, Zulv, and were playing this game and winning. If only…his eyes roamed.
If only…
 
——
 
There was a secret at the heart of the Molten Stone tribe. Rags was shown it, while Valeterisa and Anazurhe read the Healer’s notes.
It was Prixall who was tasked with showing Rags, as a sign of the Molten Stone tribe’s largesse. She was a bit uncomfortable, and Rags got the sense the [Witch] didn’t know if she was the clearly superior Goblin anymore.
“You don’t like me.”
Rags commented as the two walked deep into the bowels of the volcano. It was still being built, and Anazurhe was expanding down. She feared not the volcano, explaining to Rags that she could keep it suppressed. How and for how long were her problems, so long as nothing exploded at the moment.
“…I think Chieftain Rags is a mighty Chieftain.”
Prixall answered, cautiously. Rags grinned.
“You sound like a Human.”
Prixall glared. After a second, she answered, matter-of-factly.
“You…that Redfang, the one with two swords, is strong. Redfang is famous. Even we hear of Flooded Waters. Goblin Lords. You stole the Healer of Tenbault. All Izril hates you. You are high-level.”
She looked at Rags, and the shorter Goblin deciphered the gaze at last.
“Jealous?”
Prixall looked away.
“You have adventure and fame. Other Goblins like what you do.”
Rags peered at the [Witch]. Prixall herself, too. And yet…
“What is wrong, then?”
“…You will die.”
Rags slowed as they descended further, into a place not used by any Goblins. Prixall glanced back at her.
“That is what Chieftain Anazurhe says. Goblins like you will die. We stay here, we learn. We level—slowly. But we level safely. You have bright lives. Short lives. Like…”
She made a little flame with her fingers and blew it out. Rags smiled grimly.
“Not all. Redscar is eight years old. I knew a Chieftain over ten years. Goldstone Tribe. His name was…”
She saw the Goblin [Witch] stop, remove her mask, and start laughing. Prixall put her mask back, and shook her head at Rags.
“Great Chieftain. Do not be mad.”
“Why not?”
Rags put her hands on her hips. Prixall just shrugged. She tapped her chest.
“That is old for Goblins not here. Chieftain Anazurhe is not old. There was a Goblin who was old who came here, once. Greydath of Blades. But he was old. No other Goblin I have ever met was old. Not other Goblin Lords. Not other Great Chieftains. Not even Velan was old.”
This time, the young, young Goblin came to a halt.
“You met Velan the Kind?”
“Yes. He was here. He asked my mother to fight for him. She told him no, to run and not die. He refused.”
Mother. Rags looked at Prixall. The [Witch] touched her hat, then her chest.
“Chieftain Rags. I am not old. I am her oldest daughter. Living. When she came here, started this tribe, she had me. Long ago. I studied here. I helped make this…”
She tapped the walls of the cavern.
“I am not old. I am over sixty years old. And I am not old. You all die too soon.”
