8.46 G
Page 40
He tried to console her afterwards, as the Chieftains went to more interesting activities. The Goblin [Witch], sulking, muttered.
“Maybe somewhere else. Chandrar. Izril.”
“Far to go.”
The Great Chieftain stretched. Anazurhe shrugged.
“Maybe.”
That was his first meeting with the [Witch] named Anazurhe. She did leave for Izril, and he saw her only a few times before then. Then once more…fifty years later. And then? He was already—
 
——
 
Rags jolted. She stumbled backwards and Prixall caught her. The Chieftain was breathing heavily. She looked up and saw.
Velan the Kind. He sat there, staring over her head into the distance. At something amusing or…contenting.
His statue, of course. The Goblin King—no, he wasn’t quite the Goblin King, was he? It had triggered the memory in her, but this Goblin wasn’t the same one who had raged across Izril. A bit younger.
“Chieftain Rags. Are you alright?”
Rags looked up and saw Prixall looking concerned. She realized what had happened to Rags.
“Chieftains see it differently. Some Goblins too.”
Velan. He was just like her memories, but it was something to see him sculpted out of stone. Rags…looked around, and saw a figure sitting by the fountain.
Anazurhe was looking at her. The Great Witch had commissioned the statue. The statue of one of the most hated beings in the world. Her eyes were distant as she looked at Rags.
“You did know him.”
“Of course I did. Some Goblins are older, Rags. I saw him be the great Goblin Lord that they called kind. The one they made pacts with. Then…madness. That is the fate of Goblin Kings. He was mad when he died. And I do not know why.”
She looked so sad. Rags shook her head. From wanting to take Anazurhe to task, she had gone to respecting her vision to…she could not condemn it any longer. Not someone who had been there. No wonder she hid her tribe here, playing a longer game.
“I saw what you are making.”
“Ah. You knew?”
“I have seen another.”
Anazurhe’s pointed hat tilted up. Her eyes glinted.
“Interesting.”
“Quiet, please. I am committing these notes to memory.”
Valeterisa muttered from the side. Anazurhe looked over, and poked her hard in the side. The Archmage did not respond.
“You see much, Chieftain Rags.”
“I do. I say…it is Goblin if it matters, Chieftain Anazurhe.”
The Witch smiled. Rags went on.
“I would like some of what you do for my tribe. We are young…”
She glanced at Prixall.
“Very young. But we are making something in the High Passes. Maybe it is in danger. Maybe it will not last. But if you will let some of your Goblins come, we will try to make something like this.”
“And what is ‘this’? A safe place? A place of power?”
Rags shook her head. The Great Chieftain was testing her. She gestured around.
“A place that does not need to steal.”
“Ah.”
Anazurhe smiled. She nodded. That was what Rags liked most of all. This was not Tremborag’s domain. Everything she saw had been won fairly. You could not walk here and say this was stolen, that Goblins were a people who could only raid and destroy.
Only she had done that. She looked at the Healer’s notes, shamefaced. But she had a task she needed done, and it was worth the cost, she thought.
“If a Goblin wishes to go with you, I will let them. They will not.”
“Not one?”
Anazurhe shook her head.
“They know what lies outside. You have little to offer them. They will go, like the island-Goblins, to die, for great deeds. But not because they see hope.”
That was the weariness. Rags shrugged.
“I will ask.”
 
——
 
