8.46 G
Page 25
It was only when a bell tolled, and the pace of the Goblins milling about changed, that Rags realized the truth of it. She saw some Goblins ignore the bell completely, like the one planting and harvesting the glowing flowers, and the one sweeping the door. But the gaggle of little Goblins with hats her age turned. There was a laugh high overhead, and Rags saw a figure racing over the roofs.
A Hob, grinning, holding her pointed hat as her feet glowed and she leapt across a gap nearly ten feet wide. Rushing…towards the bell. She was followed by a second Goblin, another Hobgoblin, male, who had a pointed hat and tattoos on one arm that gleamed. He did a flying leap after her…
And went splat onto the street. But he got up, laughing, as if he hadn’t felt a thing, and chased after his companions. He turned and stared at the Redfangs for a second.
“New Goblins! What tribe are you from?”
The stranger slowed, and Rags saw the magic in him, but different from hers. Redscar checked the younger Goblin, with no visible scars. He frowned.
“Flooded Waters. We—Redfangs.”
The Goblin did a double-take as his companion halted on a rooftop, glancing back.
“Redfang warriors? Are you Garen Redfang?”
He stared at the sword Redscar carried. The Goblin hesitated.
“No. Redscar.”
“Oh. What class?”
The male Goblin’s eyes lit up with interest. Redscar shrugged.
“[War Leader].”
“Oooh!”
Goblins skidded to a halt, hearing and pointing out the Redfang [War Leader], despite their rush. Redscar saw the admiring look on the Hob’s face.
“What’s your class?”
He eyed the tattoos, the hat. The young Hob grinned.
“[Warlock]. You staying? I’ll visit you, Redscar of Redfangs!”
Then he leapt, and joined his companion on the rooftop. He began to explain as they raced off. The other Goblins ran, a few small ones screeching. One ran back as she lost her hat and Rags had it at the same time as Hekusha. The Healer of Tenbault muttered.
“It’s almost like they’re going to…class.”
“They are.”
Rags stared at the Goblin who ran after her friends with a wand, screeching that they’d left her behind. A class. This was…
An academy. A Goblin magical academy.
 
——
 
How was this possible? Even in Rags’ most delirious fever-dreams, she couldn’t imagine this place existed. And it didn’t, in a sense.
Rags quickly realized that this Molten Stone tribe was comparatively tiny. Even depleted from battle, the population of Goblinhome outnumbered it by a good deal already. That this was a collection of spellcasters was self-evident, but Rags realized that the bulk of the Goblin population was camped outside this inner sanctum.
As in, in the Yellow Powder tribe, and other tribes who roamed the outskirts. She saw their four guides offering the bags of sulfur to a Hobgoblin [Witch]. She checked them, then handed them something.
Three glowing healing potions. The Goblins hurried back as she made a smaller Goblin carry the bags off. Sulfur. Rags’ eyes narrowed. She checked one of the doors.
Brass. Now here was some rather nice, polished brass that she really doubted had come from this region, or even been made here, judging by the lack of any smithies. There was some sulfur from the only volcanic region she’d ever encountered, which was not lacking on the markets.
“You. You are Chieftain Rags of the Flooded Waters tribe. The Witch of the Molten Stone tribe has been expecting you.”
The female [Witch]’s voice was as eloquent as any Rags had ever met. Rags nodded.
“Has she?”
“She knew you were coming. She will see you. Do you have a gift?”
“Huh. Maybe. What is this place?”
“The Molten Stone tribe.”
