8.47 H
Page 33
“You could help us independent of your team’s decision! Land, Ksmvr! I would make you an [Emir] if you desired! A [Lord], or whatever rank you wish! Is that not a great thing?”
Ksmvr stopped. Then he did something odd with his mandibles. He waited, but Nsiia just frowned.
“What are you doing?”
“I am sneering. I cannot sniff, but you may assume I am now sniffing. Sniff. I must inform you, Empress Nsiia, that I am already de facto a land-owner. I own two trees. You cannot sway me with what I already possess.”
Gold! Rémi dropped his food, focusing with two hands. Vasraf’s mouth was hanging open, mid-bite, and Sandi trotted over, stole one of the precious bananas, a treat, with a mweh of happiness.
Nsiia looked at Ksmvr.
“You own…what?”
Nothing would do but for Ksmvr to pull out a scroll and present her with it.
“My contract of ownership and seal. Do not damage it, although I have backups.”
Nsiia stared at the scroll. Vasraf leaned over. Then she turned.
“Someone find me—do I have a—?”
She called for someone, and, after only a minute, the growing crowd of soldiers admitted a woman with a ragged hole for one ear, and a scar along the visible part of her shoulder. She bowed.
“I was an [Emissary] before I laid down the quill and took up a blade in defense of Tiqr, Your Majesty. What may I do for you?”
“Will you…tell me if this is real?”
Nsiia handed her the scroll. The woman took the scroll, read it, and stared at it. She had to find a pair of reading spectacles. She studied the seal, held up the scroll to the light, looked at Ksmvr, and then spoke slowly.
“…I would have to cross-reference it with a guild, as I do not know Izrilian seals, and it has no magical signature. It does not need one…it looks…real. Adventurer Ksmvr…by right of deed, friendship, and valor…hereby granted in perpetuity to descendants and…he owns two trees.”
He owns two trees. Rémi had the entire thing on the crystal, and the City Runner who had come to pick it up was eating another banana, staring. Ksmvr proudly accepted the scroll.
“So you see, I will not be bought by mere lucre or gifts of land.”
Nsiia exchanged a look with Vasraf.
“I…I see that, Ksmvr. Er. Well then. Would you consider throwing your might behind Tiqr if I gave you…a rock?”
Ksmvr scoffed.
“A rock. What good is a rock? Unless it is made of a rare mineral, of course. Do not insult me, Empress Nsiia.”
“How about…fifty rocks? And th—eight trees?”
Ksmvr halted, in the middle of peeling a banana. Spitty came over to do Sandi’s trick and Ksmvr slapped his mouth away from the banana.
“…Eight trees? What kind?”
Nsiia had to find a [Botanist]-equivalent.
“Er, acadias?”
“You have my attention. Perhaps I might consider endorsing…”
Rémi had to send off the crystal by midday. He delayed for another day. And that was when his contact told him the series was blowing up. Of course it was. Ksmvr had gone from being the Gold-rank adventurer, a loner from a hostile race, to becoming Ksmvr, the Dancing Antinium. Ksmvr, Lord of Two Trees!
It had an effect. They found Tiqr’s army the day after that—perhaps they’d already been coming, by the first documentary.
 
——
 
The attack was fast, sudden, and vicious. They came out of the skies, camouflaged, invisible—it was too fast to tell what, or diagnose their exact method of creeping up.
Or rather, flying up. They dove out of the sky with a speed and savagery that befitted [Bandits].
Garuda bandits. [Air Bandits], who slashed down with killing blows. They might have been lightly-armored, but you only needed one arrow between the eyes to kill. Or a spell like [Lightning Bolt].
