8.47 H
Page 17
Another Garuda had come forwards to speak with Nsiia and she was nodding to both the old leader, and the second Garuda, who had an odd sureness to the ground that her kin lacked.
“Your goodwill is all I can ask at this time. Perhaps later—but here is one you should meet. Adventurer Ksmvr, I introduce you to Skyleader Rekai—”
The old Garuda who had white and black feathers, almost like a seagull’s, eyed Ksmvr, and held out a claw. Ksmvr shook it.
“—and Landguide Heka.”
Heka, the younger Garuda, was in her forties, and walked over to take Ksmvr’s hand with more firmness. He was interested.
“And who rules this clan?”
Both Garuda laughed with a familiar, light humor.
“He must be from Izril, if his being so odd wasn’t proof enough.”
Skyleader Rekai commented. Nsiia nodded with a grin. She gestured to Rekai, whom Ksmvr had thought was the Garuda’s equivalent of a [Chieftain] due to his age and the respect of others.
“Rekai governs the sky, Ksmvr. Heka, the land. It is a leadership of two.”
“What if the two disagree? Surely there must be a first among equals.”
Ksmvr was fascinated. Rekai and Heka exchanged glances that looked knowing.
“If sky and land disagree, one does what one thinks is best and the other must adapt or be blown away. Sometimes they quarrel completely independently, but neither can do without the other. Heka knows animals. I know air currents, sky battles, and I don’t presume to tell her where animals rest.”
Nsiia smiled, and Heka nodded, a respectful smile on her face. Even so, when they turned to have food brought out, Nsiia whispered to Ksmvr in a low voice.
“She is the power on the land, but Garuda who tend to animals or can’t fly are not as well respected. Bear that in mind.”
“Ah. And all landfolk would be…”
Nsiia laughed.
“Exactly. Can you blame them?”
She looked up. Rémi was capturing the Garuda doing amazing, three-dimensional maneuvers in the air just for fun. Ksmvr looked up and felt a pang of envy for once, even though he was no Bird. He could jump, but the Garuda had an entire other dimension, only partially touched by gravity, for them to explore.
“We’ll tell other clans you are coming, so you aren’t mistaken. Even, perhaps, send word to your [General], Empress. But let us ask this Antinium more questions! Are your people truly not going to invade?”
“I do not think that is germane at this given time, Skyleader Rekai. Rest assured, I will inform you if this changes.”
The Garuda laughed in disbelief, opening and closing his beak, which had a small crack from years of combat. He pointed, and the other Garuda, many flying even as they listened, laughed.
“He doesn’t speak like I thought he would! The Black Tide—I imagined you would be like Crelers.”
“We would resent the comparison. Antinium hate Crelers as much as any species. More.”
Ksmvr found that, to his amazement, he really was the source of fascination. And…a bit of uncomfortable fascination too. For the Garuda possessed little of the fear other species had for him. In fact, some muttered a bit, loud enough for him to hear.
“If you stare at it from high enough, it looks like a snack. I don’t see how the Drakes ever lost to…”
Ksmvr…did not think they meant that in a complimentary way towards him. He was uncomfortable. And unfortunately, reminded of Apista whenever the Antinium were present.
At least the lack of fear was a pleasant change. And there were supplies to be traded to supplement their dwindling food supply. In fact, Rémi sent off his first recording crystal to one of the Garuda, who was a City Runner—albeit in their sense.
