8.47 H
Page 34
Or an arrow through the wing, or sword, because it wasn’t Nsiia’s army that was under attack. Rather, it was another Garuda clan.
In fact, it was the same clan that they had met on the way in. The army was marching south and one of their [Scouts] rode up.
“Bandits attacking a clan! It’s two clans in the air! They’re going after the ground!”
Nsiia cursed. Vasraf held up a hand.
“They haven’t seen us?”
“They see you, General. And maybe those two. They must have failed to beat your Skill.”
The [Scout] pointed at Ksmvr and Rémi, the only two members not of Tiqr’s army, who might not benefit from Vasraf’s Skill. Which meant an entire force was in range of this sky-battle and attack on the clan’s ground.
“We must save them. They gave aid to us and alerted you, no less, Vasraf. To arms!”
Nsiia snapped. Vasraf nodded.
“Bows. We’ll only get one shot before they fly. Do we have the Garuda to battle them?”
“Not an entire clan, [General]. Take your moment. Once they see our army, they’ll fly off. It’s a raiding clan; they won’t risk fighting an army.”
One of his Garuda replied. Vasraf nodded.
“Empress?”
“With me!”
Nsiia stormed towards the fighting Garuda. Skyleader Rekai was fighting off the surprise-attack, but he was outnumbered, and below, Landguide Heka was fighting this raiding clan’s ground-based Garuda.
Either Garuda who had been too injured to fly, or, Ksmvr noted, Humans and Stitchfolk. It made sense; they were trying to steal the supplies on land and nearly had them.
They never saw Nsiia riding towards them until she was nearly on them, and she shot ahead of even Tiqr’s fastest [Riders] on Chance. She leapt from the saddle as one raised a blade to stab a wounded Heka.
“Stop!”
The Empress of Beasts landed as Ksmvr calmly aimed three crossbows, preparing for his [Aggregate Volley]. Domehead was running along with the other warriors, and Vasraf was signalling for the attack. They saw Nsiia stand there and throw up a hand.
The Garuda [Raiders] leapt back in surprise. The clan warriors on the ground looked up and stopped, hope in their eyes. Because this time, it was an [Empress] who stood there.
She had claimed a small crown, a circlet of gold with a single gem that Vasraf had carried from the capital. She had added to her armor, and wore a complete set, but the proof was simply in her aura, now blazing free. Her eyes.
She threw up a hand, palm up and shouted, her sword angled, held straight out as she stood over Heka.
“Enough! There is enough bloodshed here! Enough death! By my blade and kingdom, I will see no more of it! Lay down your arms or I will be your foe!”
One of the Garuda above spotted Nsiia and called an alarm. More swooped down, but they didn’t see Vasraf’s army waiting just out of their range, hidden by the Skill. Nsiia turned, fearlessly, as bows aimed and they jeered down at her.
Then she grabbed a spear she had armed herself with—because she used a spear arguably better than even a sword—and slashed the ground, drawing a line. Spear planted, ready to be plucked and cast, sword held in her other hand, she pointed it at the leader of this group.
“Lay down your arms, raiders, or die. I am the Empress of Beasts and you will not harm this clan.”
Words of a ruler. The [Raider] laughed, without any belief, though he did hesitate.
“If you’re the Empress of Beasts, I want that bounty. Take her alive!”
The other Garuda switched weapons. Nsiia sighed. She held up her sword, and swung it down. From his position, Vasraf calmly aimed his bow.
“Loose!”
