8.47 H
Page 13
“How else should I lie in combat, Ksmvr? Ask you politely to block my thrust, then slash you from another direction?”
Ksmvr shook his head.
“No. But there is a nuance to combat you lack. Feinting is one thing.”
“And what else is th—”
He kicked sand into her face and she howled and slashed at the air. Ksmvr darted left, swinging low at her legs. That was how he’d do it if he got this chance. Take away her mobility, because Nsiia could leap around and almost match him. He cut in—
She blocked his sword without seeing it, hand wiping grit out of her gaze. Then followed it up with a roaring slash. Ksmvr jumped back, but he’d taken a blow across his chest.
“Point. I fear that—”
“You Manticore-kissed bastard! My eyes!”
Nsiia’s flying kick hit him in the chest. Ksmvr ran as she chased him with her sword for a good half a minute. Rémi was just watching. When she had calmed down, Nsiia pointed at Ksmvr.
“That was a dirty trick. It does not become a warrior of Tiqr.”
“But it worked.”
Ksmvr rejoined. Nsiia narrowed her gaze dangerously as Yinah dragged over a water bottle so she could rinse her face.
“If that is your lie, I do not do it, Ksmvr. I would consider tossing grit, changing weapons, but not attacking when I or another brave warrior parlayed.”
“Then that is the difference between adventurers and warriors.”
“Hah.”
She took a gulp of water and splashed some on her face. Then she pointed her sword.
“Come out and let’s finish our spar.”
“…Not if you are angry. This is only for practice.”
Nsiia tilted her head and smiled thinly.
“I am not angry, Ksmvr.”
“You sound like you are lying now.”
“Come on out.”
“No.”
Ksmvr was hiding behind Domehead. The Golem had watched the spar, and was now regarding Ksmvr as he poked his head out from behind the giant Golem. Nsiia pursed her lips.
“What if I ask Domehead to take over sparring?”
“…He does not need to do that. You do not need to do that, Domehead. You have no muscles to train.”
“He could practice by hitting you.”
“Domehead would not do that. We are friends, tempered by adversity. This is so, Domehead.”
Ksmvr patted Domehead on the shoulder. The Golem didn’t really have a head to turn since his neck and head were a giant dome, but his body twisted slightly from Nsiia to Ksmvr, clearly confused.
Nsiia glared.
 
——
 
Training with Nsiia was one of the things Ksmvr did regularly, in hopes of improving. The other thing they did on their march was talk to Rémi. The third, other than mundane activities like riding, feeding, resting, excreting, and so on?
Train Domehead. Nsiia had taken Ksmvr’s words to heart. She did not recite the lullaby or oath as when she first called Domehead a child of Tiqr. Ksmvr suspected she felt Rémi’s eyes and camera on her, since he did see her take Domehead aside in private before they slept and rose.
What she did with them was talk to Domehead; though, the Golem seldom said anything.
“A warrior fights, Domehead. You are a Golem; I, an [Empress]. It is not either of our duties to fight without end. A [Soldier] knows only war and service until they rest. You will not be asked to do the same, and a [Soldier] will rest and retire, or else their life is one thing. Remember that. Someday you will put down the blade. You may be a guardian, a protector of the innocent. Spare no quarter when you fight monsters and horrors. When you fight warriors, offer them mercy. That is not weakness. That is honor.”
Domehead said nothing. Nsiia raised her voice.
