8.47 H
Page 15
And oh, it went on forever. Flat, leading into the occasional hilly area, but with that disconcerting effect. Ksmvr did see landmarks far, far in the distance, but Nsiia explained that the Kilalle Steppes were a vast piece of land.
“There are noticeable things to see, Ksmvr. But so spread out—this is ideal ground for Vasraf and my army to hide. This is also the territory of Garuda clans. They hold the skies; we may see a few.”
“Will they be hostile?”
She thought and answered simply.
“Not to me, most likely. They have always respected Tiqr. Some might be tempted by the lure of money, but Tiqr has been friend to Garuda and I do not think they would cast that aside. They will not necessarily be allies.”
In fact, they ran into the first Garuda clan within five hours of entering the first real areas of that grassy biome. Ksmvr took it as a lesson. One second he was staring around, watching for danger as always; the next, someone screamed.
It was a bird’s cry mixed with a voice. Ksmvr looked up.
“Garuda?”
But he hadn’t seen anything in the skies! And that was because he hadn’t been looking. Ksmvr stared up, wildly, and saw a patch of the grey-blue heavens move.
A Garuda banked, and flew left—he or she had been far distant and to the west, but even so, Ksmvr might have spotted them. Yet the Garuda had been camouflaged in the sky. They had feathers that were a darker blue than the sky, but…
Nsiia grinned at Ksmvr’s confusion.
“You think Garuda can’t hide? The sky is to them what a patch of grass or shadow is to us, Ksmvr.”
“I have been humbled.”
Ksmvr murmured. He stared up, and saw Nsiia raise her hand; the Garuda was already flying back, but she seemed to think she’d be seen. He stared at the sky, and, no less than twenty one minutes later, saw the clan coming in.
They flew in fast. As fast as, well, birds. Maybe not as fast as some birds in flight; they had a slower air speed due to their size and what they carried. But as fast as horseback riders? At least.
They came swooping down so fast Ksmvr resolved never to drop his guard if Garuda might be about. Here was a people who had [Skirmisher] in their very biology.
“Travellers below, do you fly in peace or war?”
A voice shouted from up above. Nsiia had her hand lifted. She beamed upwards.
“Only wings of peace for the clans of Kilalle! Don’t you recognize me, sky-friends?”
The other Garuda circled, and one folded his wings and dove. Ksmvr stared up, thinking how much Bird would like to see this. And how good it was Bird wasn’t here. He saw the Garuda pull up sharply and hover in the air, flapping his wings. He stared, narrow eyed, at Ksmvr, Domehead, and Rémi with clear suspicion. Then he did a double-take in the air. He looped a quick arc and shouted.
“Featherfriend, I’m as blind as a Human! Is it true? The Empress of Beasts! You did escape Illivere!”
His shout caused exclamations from above. More Garuda dove, and the rest broke off.
In minutes, they were landing, striding forwards a bit awkwardly to clasp Nsiia’s hand with their wing-arms. Not necessarily their talons—they touched forearm to forewing or simply bowed.
Nsiia hadn’t lied. The Garuda were delighted to see her. One pointed back the way they’d flown from.
“The rest of our clan will want to see you, Empress of Beasts. Will you eat with us?”
Nsiia smiled, eyes bright with emotion at the warm welcome.
“Not more than a meal, I fear. Which clan is this? I must find Vasraf—if you know where he is, I beg you for information. And are my companions welcome?”
