8.47 H
Page 40
It was another good argument. Seelaw Ya gave it a second’s thought.
“No. We have seen what has passed. We are not blind. Tiqr’s war is still not ours. This flight does not come to fight in your name, Empress of Beasts.”
Nsiia and Vasraf both sighed. Ksmvr spotted one of Loquea Dree’s shorter warriors stop in front of Landguide Heka. He watched as the crow-Garuda bent down so they were at a level.
“Y-yes, warrior?”
Landguide Heka stared in horror at the black eyes of the warrior. Garuda had irises, but the Loquea Dree’s were so dark that iris and pupil mixed together. It was part of why they were so alien. So odd.
Ksmvr thought they looked like Antinium eyes, albeit in bird-form. The warrior stared at Heka as the Garuda shook in terror. But crow-warrior didn’t look at the scythe. After a moment, the warrior opened her beak.
“Kin.”
Heka froze in sheer terror. Which was funny, to Ksmvr. She made a strangled noise in her throat—and her beak opened and closed. She said nothing. After a full twenty seconds, the warrior stood up again. And she looked…odd.
Seelaw Ya and Leka Thri had both turned to watch. Now, they looked at Nsiia. Then at Vasraf, and Yinah, peeking out at them with clear nervousness.
Then their heads rotated to stare at Ksmvr. And Rémi Canada. Leka Thri looked at his leader and got a nod. So he turned back to Nsiia.
“Therefore we shall journey with your army. If it is acceptable. If not, we shall negotiate.”
Nsiia blinked at them. She rubbed at one ear.
“…What? You said you would not fight with Tiqr.”
“Yes. We will not. If we must do battle against common foe, we shall consider it. But we will journey with your army for as long as that one remains.”
He pointed at Ksmvr. The Antinium was as astonished as everyone else.
“Do you still suspect me of being a spy? A threat to Garuda?”
“No.”
Leka Thri sounded surprised. Ksmvr tilted his head, much like they did, although not to the same degree.
“Then…why?”
Nsiia looked from Ksmvr to Leka Thri. The warrior glanced at Rémi Canada, aware he was being recorded perhaps, Seelaw Ya, and then turned to Ksmvr.
“You have something we greatly desire. Perhaps we can obtain it. We shall be ally. Journey with you. Even…friend. If you accept it.”
He opened his beak. Ksmvr saw no teeth, although that would have just completed the look, but a razor’s edge, serrated to rip. He stared at Leka Thri’s extended talon. At Nsiia. She was frowning, clearly confused, but she looked at Ksmvr. The Antinium hesitated.
“Will you fight to help me?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“You have something we desire.”
“Will you tell me what it is?”
Leka Thri hesitated. He looked around again and leaned in to whisper.
“…To tell you what it is may ruin what we desire. Especially if it is known.”
He glanced around and Ksmvr wondered who he was talking about. Nsiia’s eyes had sharpened, but Ksmvr doubted she could hear the minute whisper, even with a Skill. Leka Thri paused.
“…We will bare our blades in your cause, be it Tiqr or otherwise. If we cannot find what we want, we will leave. But we think you have it.”
“I cannot give you what you desire if I do not know what it is. May I be told?”
Leka Thri hesitated as Ksmvr whispered back. He paused, then replied.
“…It is embarrassing. Perhaps later. Will you accept our company?”
He stood back. Ksmvr opened and closed his mandibles, perplexed beyond reason. But he looked at some superb warriors, at Nsiia, and shrugged.
“Very well.”
And thus, Loquea Dree’s sixty warriors joined Nsiia’s army. Or rather—Ksmvr.
 
——
 
