8.47 H
Page 9
She pointed to the northwest of Tiqr. Then circled a section along the coast.
“Here lies another power we should be wary of, and why you should keep accompanying me, Ksmvr. The Empire of Scaied is a mercenary one, and they might well go after an Antinium alone for the bounty on his head. More than that? You helped me escape.”
“In fact, I merely waved my sword in the vague direction of—”
“Yes, yes. But they are enemies of Tiqr and you are an enemy of theirs by extension.”
“I object to this line of thought.”
Nsiia grinned at Ksmvr.
“Not everyone is as reasonable as you, Ksmvr. The Beitv Underlands are in the middle, there. Another land without a central great power, though they do have rulers…”
“Tell me about them.”
Ksmvr was fascinated. Nsiia shrugged and cast her eyes at the evening sky. They had an hour before the land cooled enough to ride.
“Shortly? Very well. The Empire of Scaied made war on Tiqr many times—and we them. They fight for coin. Mercenary—they clash with other kingdoms, raid, and sustain themselves by war. Tiqr does not, and we share opposing views. I thought they would attack Tiqr when the other nations made war, but they were busy enough not to join in.”
She grimaced.
“They have a number of unsavory features, and I do not have time to list their many faults.”
Ksmvr held up his hand.
“…Is this an unbiased opinion?”
Nsiia’s glare made him lower it after a few seconds. She poked holes in the little sketch of Scaied for a moment, then sighed.
“I wonder if you would like them, Ksmvr, or they you, without fear of the Antinium in name. You see—they do deal with creatures kin to yours. Or so I think. Giant scorpions, which they ride—somewhat like the Jaws of Zeikhal, but far smaller.”
Ksmvr looked at Nsiia. He frowned, drawing his mandibles together.
“I am not a scorpion.”
She blinked at him.
“Yes, but I meant you are like an insect. And a scorpion…”
“I am not a scorpion. No one rides Antinium.”
Ksmvr crossed his arms. Nsiia peered at him.
“Fine then. The Beitv Underlands might be more your folk.”
“Why?”
“Because they live underground.”
The [Brave Skirmisher] paused. He opened his mandibles, raised a finger, then crossed two arms.
“I admit, there is some correlation there.”
“It’s my understanding that the Beitv Underlands have never had a strong military presence or a large standing army, Empress Nsiia. How have they survived? Peace treaties? Economic strength? Skills?”
Rémi looked intrigued. Nsiia just laughed.
“Nothing so smart, Rémi! They survived because no one would bother to invade them. The Beitv Underlands have some wealth, but if anyone tries to conquer them, they collapse the tunnels and withdraw. You would have to take two armies—one to fight and one to dig!”
“Antinium could do it.”
Ksmvr spoke, and Rémi shifted the box to him.
“Do the Antinium have designs on Chandrar, Ksmvr?”
The Gold-rank adventurer hesitated. Ksmvr looked at Rémi, at the box. He shrugged.
“I am not a Queen of the Antinium. But we have designs on everywhere acceptable to be colonized. Chandrar is far away.”
Nsiia eyed him. Rémi nodded, but frowned.
“Yet the Antinium have a reputation for being a warlike, invasive people, Ksmvr. What would you say to that?”
Ksmvr gave him a blank look.
“We have invaded Izril by Drake and Human rhetoric. We did make war. We would move to Chandrar if we could, to establish new Hives, I believe. If possible.”
He fell silent. Rémi waited, then prompted him.
“And?”
“…That is what species do to live. The Gnolls left Izril. Someday, we may leave Izril too. If so, the Beitv Underlands might be a prime target.”
