8.47 H
Page 11
He was able to keep up well with Nsiia, Domehead, and Ksmvr, despite being the least-conditioned of the group. Ksmvr could ride Spitty until the camel dropped dead, but Nsiia made sure they got plenty of rest, and he was a [Skirmisher] over Level 30, and had Antinium biology designed to weather most extremes.
Short of heatstroke, he could keep on going. Nsiia was the Empress of Beasts and Chandrar was her home. She could sleep in the saddle, and her faithful animal companions had extra intelligence and strength due to her presence.
Domehead was a Golem. He could run all day and all night. So even Yinah looked perkier than Rémi after a day of hard riding. Nevertheless, he kept up.
“I’ve done some hard riding. Unless you have an escort, you have to bounce around for stories.”
“And you seek those out.”
Ksmvr was riding Spitty, side-by-side with Rémi and his camel, Sandi.
Spitty and Sandi. He kept trying to ride closer and Ksmvr kept pulling him away. The camel turned his head to glare at Ksmvr, and the Antinium offered him a Yellat to eat. Spitty hated Yellats.
“I had to, right when I was starting out. Newspapers were not in circulation, nor was the television. I actually went from city to city with a little news bulletin—I made a small profit selling them to [Merchants] and people who were interested in my writing.”
“Fascinating. And you did this alone?”
Rémi hesitated. He had his magic-camera out, and it was on that swivel-stick that let it film both Ksmvr, the camels, and him.
“I had companions. At first. They died.”
“I am sorry to hear that.”
Rémi’s face had gone guarded. Ksmvr saw him nod, slowly, and look at Ksmvr.
“May I ask a question? Did any Antinium leave the Free Hive but you?”
“No. I was exiled.”
“Really? May I ask why?”
“…Gross incompetence.”
Nsiia turned in her saddle. Rémi raised his eyebrows.
“Really? But you’re a Gold-rank adventurer. You seem to be one of the most competent the Antinium could hope for—every species and nation respects Gold-ranks. I also thought you once threatened to start a war in the name of the Hives?”
Ksmvr felt unpleasantly warm, despite the cold air. He shrugged.
“…That was a bluff.”
“Really? A bluff?”
Nsiia cackled with delight. Rémi smiled.
“And you don’t mind sharing that to our audience?”
Ksmvr hesitated.
“—Ah. Will many people see this? In that case, I would like you to remove this commentary.”
“Could I persuade you to keep it in?”
“I would prefer you to remove it. Threatening war is a viable tactical advantage. Psychologically.”
Rémi coaxed Ksmvr into allowing him to keep it in. Ksmvr relented because his war threats had backfired and he’d been cautioned by Captain Ceria not to do that too often anymore. He tried to go back to Ksmvr’s expulsion.
“I have heard that other Antinium have left the Free Hive in some way. Bird the Hunter. So others have exited.”
“Yes, but their situations were not analogous to mine. You asked, specifically, if any had left with me. They did not. I was exiled. Their status is less directly related to that.”
“May I ask what that is?”
Ksmvr thought for a second. He prodded his stomach. And found he didn’t want to talk about it.
“You may. I decline to answer.”
Rémi nodded. He changed tack instantly. He was tactful, and had already managed to get Nsiia’s account of Tiqr’s fall out of her. Ksmvr was surprised to hear the Empress of Beasts relay her view of how the war had gone.
“—I never thought Tiqr was doomed, Journalist Canada.”
