8.47 H
Page 6
“Well, I would like to record that. I can’t fight, but I will find my own supplies. I can even offer to pay you, although it’s not much…”
“But why?”
Nsiia glowered at Rémi. He gave her a puzzled look, and realized Ksmvr also didn’t understand. He looked at Ksmvr, shaking his head slightly.
“Ksmvr—excuse me—do you have any last name, Ksvmr?”
“I do not. Antinium do not have last names. Ksmvr of the Free Antinium is a suitable appellation if you must give me one.”
Rémi nodded.
“Then that’s a fact I, and my audience, now know about Antinium, Ksmvr, where we knew virtually nothing before. You are the first Antinium willing to talk, an adventurer, an emissary of your people. This is the chance of a lifetime to show the world what Antinium are.”
Ksmvr found many fallacies in Rémi’s plan, though he had to admit, he understood the [Journalist]’s idea.
“I regret to inform you, Rémi Canada, that I am an outcast of my Hive.”
“Nevertheless, Ksmvr, there is no way for me to meet an Antinium under normal circumstances. I believe you could change the world’s perception of your species.”
“I see this one’s logic, Ksmvr.”
Nsiia leaned over, whispering. Ksmvr hesitated, then tilted his head slightly.
“Then you think we should let him accompany us, Nsiia?”
“Why not? This…what do you call your box, Journalist Canada?”
“Rémi is fine, Your Majesty. I call it a ‘camera’, although that’s more of a catchall term. Magic recorder would also do.”
“Then Nsiia is fine. It seems to me that since Ksmvr and I are thrown together by the whims of fate, your recordings might also detail Tiqr’s plight, mightn’t they? Or do you have no care for Tiqr?”
Rémi nodded at Nsiia.
“I reported on the war for Tiqr, Your Majesty.”
“I know. Then…?”
Rémi held up the box on the stick, which somehow stayed perfectly level despite his less-than-perfect motor control. A balancing spell, Ksmvr guessed.
“I would consider it as important a news story as that of interviewing the Antinium.”
Nsiia smiled, satisfied.
“Good. Then we shall eat, and break camp. We ride by night. Just what is it you want to do? Shall it interfere with us or will you just…watch?”
“If you’ll let me use whatever Skills you are employing, I will follow you, ask questions when you are free—I can eat by myself, but I also have supplies. If fighting breaks out—I am protected from some harm by my Skills. [Impartial Observer].”
Nsiia threw her head back.
“Hah! Now there’s a [Spy]’s Skill! What a curious coincidence. I shall allow it. Unless Ksmvr objects?”
She looked at him and Ksmvr hesitated. However, it did seem like Rémi Canada might be helpful, and if he had news of the others…Ksmvr nodded slowly.
“I shall allow it. Although I must inform you, Rémi Canada, that I am not part of Empress Nsiia’s movement to free Tiqr.”
“Really?”
Rémi focused on Ksmvr in an instant. Nsiia scowled.
“I consider Ksmvr a boon companion—”
“I am only coincidentally in the Empress’ company, due to shared pursuit. In fact, I would like to state that I am not part of any political or military movement in direct confrontation with other nations.”
“—a friend and comrade in arms, who has saved my life and I his.”
Nsiia shouted. Ksmvr saw Rémi track both of them, and then turn to Domehead.
“And Domehead? Isn’t he property of Illivere? Or, do you consider you’ve liberated him as a Sentient-class Golem?”
He swung back to Nsiia and Ksmvr in time to catch the way they looked at each other. Ksmvr hesitated.
“I did not free or liberate Domehead. Nor did Nsiia.”
“Yes…”
