8.47 H
Page 38
“We hear many things. Some, even Garuda clans, say this is the forerunner of invasion. Some say he is spy. Infiltrator. We held blades out, and judged him as well as the weight of your words. You are Empress of Beasts and honorable. Ksmvr of the Antinium passed both tests.”
Ksmvr glanced at the scythe. Interesting indeed. Now he looked closer, the wicked edge of the warscythe had a sheen to it. And it was changing color, even as he watched. But when Leka Thri held it up slightly, closer to his head, it turned a faint, dark blue laced with red.
“Your blades judge?”
“Yes. See.”
Leka Thri held it closer to Ksmvr, and the blade changed again. It turned…well, no different blue, but the red receded and mixed faintly with grey, and, of all things, the faintest of yellows, like a daisy.
“What does that mean?”
Leka Thri turned as Nsiia approached. He bowed, deeply, and Vasraf nodded. For all they had come down like meteors, Loquea Dree was showing deference to Nsiia. Leka Thri turned to Seelaw Ya, and received a slight gesture from one of the First of Judgement’s wings. So he spoke.
“It says he has little of sin. Here. Yet he spills blood. Distantly; not so I. He has taken lives of people.”
He pointed to the blue. The red that grew when Leka Thri lifted the blade closer to him, and Ksmvr eyed the [Raider] corpses. But when Leka Thri shifted the scythe back, Ksmvr eyed the grey and yellow.
“Those two?”
“Lawbreaker.”
“In fact, I did not break many of Illivere’s laws. I merely…”
Ksmvr stared at the scythe. He technically freed Nsiia. And did a few other things. Leka Thri pointed.
“Breaking law is only one measure of judgement. Which law? How great? We do not slay for small crimes. We are not…murderous. You call us Executioners. That is not our name for ourselves.”
He turned his head and Seelaw Ya nodded once.
“Just so.”
Both looked at Skyleader Rekai, who flinched.
“It is just a nickname, great Loquea Dree.”
“Names matter.”
Nsiia was watching the interplay just like Ksmvr and Rémi’s camera. She pointed to the final aspect.
“And yellow?”
Leka Thri looked at Seelaw Ya again, then turned. He put up the scythe and spoke, simply.
“Valor.”
Ksmvr stared at the yellow running along the blade. He turned to Leka Thri, and shook his head.
“Using a blade to measure crime seems imprecise, to me. As proof, I am not valorous. I have done little that is commendable, of late.”
Nsiia looked at Ksmvr, and her lips twisted. Leka Thri stared at Ksmvr, without moving or saying anything. An uncanny stare…rather like any Antinium would give.
“This blade is a guide. It is meant to take lives; the colors of judgement were a secondary effect. Requested by the King of Destruction when he gave us our role. We make our own judgement. Only sometimes do the blades tell a simple story. When they run red and black with great murder and sin.”
So this was one of his vassals. An entire clan of Garuda—the Executioners, despite their distaste for the name.
But why were they here? No, for that matter, why were they not flying off to the King of Destruction’s side? Just for Ksmvr?
Well…yes.
Leka Thri was something of a speaker for their clan, it seemed, since he translated some of Seelaw Ya’s intentions as they stood together. Ksmvr saw a few of their own helping restore order to the clan, even herding back the animals. However, the regular Garuda stayed well clear of them if possible. They looked terrified—and Ksmvr began to understand why.
