8.47 H
Page 29
He laughed, self-consciously, and it broke the spell. Vasraf looked around and called out.
“Here! Is there no one with music? Let us play some for Ksmvr, a song that makes even hyenas dance!”
He stood up, and someone brought over a variation on a dulcimer, flutes, and drums, and played a merry tune for Ksmvr. The Antinium sat up as he listened, and applauded politely with the others.
“Do Antinium have music, Ksmvr?”
Nsiia was back now, with Domehead, and Yinah leapt from Ksmvr’s arms to Nsiia. She waited for pets and scratches, but the other animals were too close to Nsiia. So Yinah went right back to Ksmvr for full attention, haughtily offended.
The Antinium looked up.
“I know one Antinium who sings. I have never heard music in the Hives.”
“Really? What of dancing? Drinking? What do you do for fun?”
“Nothing. Antinium do not have social activities, Empress Nsiia.”
Just another thing to make Tiqr’s people frown and look at each other and set him apart. Excellent, excellent. The alien thing sat there. Until he added in a distant voice.
“We do like it, though. I had not the opportunity to hear music until I left my Hive. It is a nice thing.”
Nsiia’s head rose. She looked at Ksmvr and Rémi raised his camera suddenly. For the Antinium was suddenly unguarded.
“Really? You love music, but never play it in the Hives?”
“How would we know how, Empress Nsiia?”
“No one picks up an instrument in their spare time?”
Ksmvr looked at her, bewildered.
“Spare time? Instruments? We have no objects in the hive. We have no spare time.”
“Not a second to whistle or…?”
Vasraf leaned forward. Ksmvr looked at him.
“We wake, we sleep, we work. We fight. General Vasraf, I must inform you that many things of culture other species have, Antinium lack. We are a different people than what you understand. We are not a people. I am a former Prognugator, but I bear the body of a Worker. There are Soldiers and…other Antinium types, but we serve our Queen. There is no other need for entertainment.”
In silence, Tiqr’s people looked at him, more alien still. Rémi was waiting, breathless. And then Ksmvr said it. He looked at a flute someone held and his voice betrayed something. A quiver in that steady, perfect diction.
“…But since I am exiled, I am allowed to listen to music. It is…good. I like it. Will you play more?”
Nsiia turned to Vasraf, struck. The [General] sat up and now his eyes looked like a copy of hers, of Rémi’s, of an audience unseen.
Interested. No, beyond interested. Fascinated.
“What music do you like? I will have my people play any song you wish!”
Nsiia spread her arms wide. Ksmvr shook his head, blankly.
“I do not know what music I like. I have liked every music I have ever heard. Eighteen times so far.”
Again, everyone listening turned to each other with that look. What? And yet, he was telling the truth. Into this moment, someone decided to act.
“I…have some music. Not to offend Tiqr of Chandrar’s songs, but I have something that might interest you all. Have you heard of the song crystals from Terandria?”
Rémi Canada spoke. He produced something from his collection, the very impetus for his recording crystals, as Nsiia turned. Some warriors knew what he meant, and Nsiia herself clapped her hands and laughed.
“You have a song crystal? Why didn’t you share it earlier, Canada?”
“I thought it would be too noisy while we were trying to avoid attention…I have a few, actually. From the Singer of Terandria. Have you listened to them, Ksmvr?”
He shook his head. The Antinium stared as Rémi tossed one to Vasraf, who read the inscription.
