8.48 H
Page 24
“He was trained on the Free Queen’s abilities. I assume she based his fighting style on mine. She attempted to replicate my Worker-form abilities.”
“Ah. Therefore, weak.”
Klbkch looked around for something to throw at Wrymvr.
“He is most likely aware of my true capabilities. Hence his statement, however foolish. I am the basis for Antinium such as the Custodium the Grand Queen employs, as one of the few Centenium to use weapons.”
Wrymvr rubbed two limbs together.
“Yes…basis for inefficient, expensive Custodium. Alas. Regrettable. Weak.”
“Wrymvr. I am coming close to violence.”
The Centenium turned. Wrymvr seemed pleased by his interaction. He spread his wings, then shifted to turn back to Klbkch.
“Pity. You were good with blades. Will you reclaim them?”
Klbkch’s head rose. His mandibles opened and lifted in a smile. He flexed his one arm, and looked down at his body.
“Yes. I only need to wait a little longer.”
Wrymvr returned the gesture.
“Good.”
 
——
 
The pleasant days could only last so long. When they found Nsiia’s army, they struck like lightning.
“[Lightning Bolt]! Take cover!”
The crackling surge of electricity was strong in dry Chandrar. The static charge earthed itself as the shout came up: a sudden ambush! The [Scouts] had missed the invisible assailant. And the lightning bolt streaked towards Nsiia and Ksmvr as they whirled on their mounts—
—And earthed itself about two hundred feet to the left. And about two thousand paces too soon.
The invisible [Mage] shouted.
“There she is! You won’t escape you—you thieves! You wretches! Domehead! I’ve come to rescue you!”
Ksmvr stared as Crafter Se revealed herself and a small group of Illivere’s warriors. And by ‘small’, it was literally two hundred, a mixed force of the more advanced Golems, a few conventional ones, and armed Humans…who were doing a quick count as thousands of Tiqr’s warriors turned.
“…Is that Crafter Se?”
Nsiia shaded her eyes. Another lightning bolt fired from Crafter Se’s wand, but she was no combat magus. Even then, with nearly a mile between them, the enraged [Golem Artificer] was striking and howling.
“Domehead! Return! Domehead! Femithain is right behind us! Give Domehead up and we might let you live, Nsiia!”
“What’s she shouting?”
Vasraf saw Nsiia put her hand to her ear. He glanced at the force of two hundred.
“Looks like they have Stone Golems, and some ceramics. How dangerous are they?”
He turned to their [Strategist].
“Tough, agile; they might be armed with enchanted weapons, but there are only two hundred. A scouting force, perhaps meant for the Empress if we hadn’t found her first. I don’t think they’re wise, unless an entire army is close enough.”
Vasraf eyed another lightning bolt that just dissipated in midair before it got close.
“I…don’t believe this is a clever trick. Your Majesty, what are your orders?”
Nsiia sighed.
“I don’t want to slaughter them. Crafter Se is owed her fury. Vaguely.”
“Is it worth letting Domehead return? If that would pull Illivere off our backs…”
Everyone turned to Domehead. The Golem looked at Nsiia and Ksmvr. It didn’t move, or make a sound. Nsiia’s face screwed up.
“I…that would be helpful. But I will not tell Domehead to do so.”
“Because he is a valuable asset…?”
“Because Domehead may choose. As he chose to follow me. It is your choice, Domehead.”
The Golem stood there. He did not react as Nsiia pointed at Crafter Se.
“Do you wish to go back? I do not think she will punish you.”
