8.48 H
Page 31
Almost. The [Paladin]’s blade slashed down without any resistance. Ksmvr was again surprised and had to reverse the motion before it cut into the ground. Such poor execution and form! Even so…he stepped back, shield raised, ready to attack. Only to see the [Sword Captain] staring at his right side.
“That’s my arm.”
The Stitch-Man stared at his severed arm and shoulder, mildly shocked. Ksmvr glanced down at the arm, still holding a shield. He whirled the blade as someone stabbed at him.
The sword cut a spear in half. Ksmvr slashed, and was rewarded with a scream of pain. The other [Soldier] had been too far away for a killing blow, but Ksmvr had sliced across the top of her metal shield…and breastplate…and cut through the top of the shield and into the woman’s body. She stumbled back, staring at her shield.
“Kill—”
The Antinium spun, swung his sword, and sheared through another sword instead of rebounding or locking, and the top of someone’s shoulder. He blocked a mace blow with the Forceshield, and swung in two crescent arcs.
The longsword was fast. Not as fast as it could be…but it never met any resistance. Even the air seemed like it refused to impede the blade.
The [Soldiers] of Nerrhavia’s Fallen pressed closer, hearing screams, shouts. Was the Antinium dead? Suddenly, their momentum was coming to a standstill, and they had to get forwards before Tiqr attacked from behind! But the forward advance had stopped. No—it was going backwards?
[Soldiers] were trying to push back. Some were running, holding severed limbs. A few simply threw their weapons down. Why? It was just—
A single Antinium with a magic sword. A holy blade with no peer. Whatever it struck was cut. Even enchanted weapons and shields. Even—
“[Perfect Block]!”
A [Shield Warrior] threw up his shield. Ksmvr slashed. Carefully. Like a science experiment. The two warriors regarded the Stitch-Man’s shield. Or rather, half of it. The Nerrhavia’s Fallen [Soldier] regarded his shield, dropped what remained of it, and put up his hands.
“I surrender.”
He didn’t even look ashamed. It was just…common sense. And it spread amazingly fast. The [Commander] couldn’t understand it from afar, as his entire attack wave of infantry came to a standstill. He was cursing them and ordering them forwards when Nsiia threw a javelin.
[Officer’s Second Chance]! The javelin curved in midair and the man yelped, scrambling back as he realized Tiqr had pushed too far in. He was turning to issue more orders, his gambit failed, when Vasraf shot him through the armpit.
 
——
 
The battle was over soon after that. Ksmvr stood in front of hundreds of surrendering [Soldiers], trying to argue with them.
“No, you are not surrendering to me. I am not here. I did not know you were [Soldiers]. Therefore, your surrender is to Empress Nsiia of Tiqr.”
Leka Thri had landed with his warriors, having routed his foes almost as quickly as Ksmvr. In the distance, the army of Nerrhavia’s Fallen was surrendering—or dead.
“This was only part of whatever garrison was in the region. Too many soldiers to count.”
Vasraf was counting losses and grimacing. A single convoy had put up too much of a fight, even taken by surprise. Nsiia shook her head.
“Vasraf. Hush. We have liberated our people. And look—”
They found Ksmvr by the cheering. When the Empress of Beasts parted the crowds with her [Wild General], he was standing there, surrounded by Tiqr’s people. Her [Soldiers]. The Antinium looked confused as Rémi Canada fought to record it all, jostling for room.
