8.48 H
Page 20
Nsiia herself demonstrated the mobile form of fighting she had used on Ksmvr. But she described the fighting more conventionally. Attack and defense. Watching your flanks, keeping your guard up, pushing your opponents—quite utilitarian. Leka Thri was only too happy to compare observations, and Ksmvr himself was drawn into the technical discussion.
“Here, Ksmvr. Do you know any style of fighting unknown to us?”
The Empress turned from a demonstration of two warriors with shield and sword battering at each other. Well, battering was the wrong word.
It had a kind of elegance, the way a proper shield and sword technique was used. You could clip the enemy with the edge of your shield, trap a blade, hit them with your shield, or just ram them back. Some styles even used larger shields as a weapon, lashing out sideways to tear an enemy’s face or hit them with a concussive edge.
Ksmvr observed that, the Loquea Dree warriors with their careful scythe placement and brutal hand-to-hand closers, and the warriors with axes showing off techniques for a student.
Domehead. The Golem was watching their methods, as someone who also used an axe. It was all about finding the moment to transmute all that weight and momentum into the final killing blow, unlike the dance of someone with a less all-or-nothing weapon.
“I have indeed been educated in the art of fighting in multiple weapon sets. My expertise is not the same as my ability, but I have an understanding of some advanced techniques.”
Leka Thri, Nsiia, and Vasraf turned to him eagerly.
“Yes? Then what blades would you use? Would you be able to use Leka Thri’s war scythe? I cannot fit it into my understanding of battle—at least, not without practice.”
Ksmvr looked at the war scythe. He nodded slowly.
“That is an acceptable weapon in my school of blade fighting. It is not one I am familiar with, but the concept is applicable.”
“Really?”
“Of course. A giant club, a sword that is ten feet long, all work. If you can apply the most important principle.”
“Which is?”
Everyone leaned forwards. Ksmvr looked around, as if to impart some great secret. He even whispered, so Rémi, who was capturing the rest of the fighting, couldn’t see or hear.
“…Do not be hit. Learn to parry blows. You see, fighting with any weapon is…”
His audience left so fast that Ksmvr looked around, slightly hurt. He turned to Domehead. The Golem was standing, observing the fighters. The lights in his head lit up as Ksmvr turned to him.
“…Fighting with any weapon is about that. Dodge or parry. Blocking is silly.”
Domehead’s lights…dimmed with dubious understanding of Ksmvr’s mentality. Ksmvr gestured at his Forceshield.
“I know this advice is incompatible with my current gear. But my current gear is made up of artifacts I have been given by my team. Ergo, it behooves me to use it. Yet true fighting is…creation and intention. With any weapon, one must eventually learn more than attacking and defending.”
Domehead’s lights actually flickered off and on. Ksmvr frowned. He tried to explain further.
“Dodge or parry. You see, other people use magic. Swords with enchantments do not conform to Nsiia or Leka Thri’s styles. The same with spells. So you must learn to parry magic itself.”
Domehead’s interior crystals, which had been going dim one by one, suddenly regained their color and glowed even brighter. Now, the Golem seemed to focus as Ksmvr went on. The Antinium stared at his relic-class sword.
