8.48 H
Page 42
Domehead sat there, without a word, completely there and completely silent. Listening as the others conferred. Vasraf looked weary.
“We cannot risk moving ahead, Empress. I feel like that Nerrhavian commander…I can almost taste the ambush lying ahead of us. If you have another vision, I will hear it.”
“No. Vasraf, your insight has saved us many times. I am no [General]. To arms, then.”
Nsiia rose. She looked at Domehead.
“You will protect Yinah and the rear. Ksmvr—”
“I will consider fighting, Empress Nsiia. Scaied is not Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Ergo, I will battle them, especially as I was attacked.”
Ksmvr saw the Empress hesitate.
“You are a child.”
“Only by your standards. Loquea Dree will not fly in force unless I do battle. Is that not so?”
He turned to Seelaw Ya. The First of Judgement regarded Ksmvr.
“Truth.”
Nsiia grimaced.
“Then—I will entrust you to kill the Oisk Stingers. You may well be able to wipe out all sixteen if your blade carves them up as well as it did Nerrhavia’s Fallen. I will make sure you are protected.”
Ksmvr nodded and gathered up his blade. Domehead watched him go. The Golem could not speak. Nor…no. He was sure. He had realized something. He knew where the tracking signal was coming from.
But he did not speak. Or communicate. It was not even that he was unwilling to nod or use sign language. It was just…foreign. Incomprehensible. He did not quite understand how to ‘say’ something. Because there was just a huge gap in his head. It was slowly, slowly filling. But Femithain hadn’t even left him blueprints for speech. Even the Magus-Crafter had never thought to write a language center.
Frustrating. Frustrating. Domehead rose from his seat. He saw the danger. But he did not understand how to articulate it. There was so much he did not know how to even encompass. All he knew was what he had been taught. So he did just that.
 
——
 
The Empire of Scaied saw Tiqr’s army coming and halted. They sent runners to Illivere; they could not see Tiqr’s army, only Vasraf, but they knew Nsiia was there.
Illivere was still out of sight, but the Magus-Crafter received Scaied’s correspondence. He stared at it.
“Magus-Crafter? Is Tiqr fighting? The ambush is a day away.”
Crafter Se jostled with Armsmaster Dellic for his attention. The Magus-Crafter spoke, succinctly. He turned to the horizon, but both forces were out of sight.
“Tiqr has advanced on Scaied. They are faster; Scaied is requesting us to flank them at full-speed. We will do so. Order the [Golem Artificers] to push the Golems to the limit. Leave the supply train here; we will even leave the slower Golems to catch up if need be.”
“At last!”
Crafter Se strode off to arm herself. Armsmaster Dellic peered at Femithain. He checked the coordinates they were following.
“Magus-Crafter? Any…reservations?”
“—None that stopped me before. And now is too late for any. Prepare yourself, Armsmaster Dellic.”
Femithain passed a hand over his face. He saw Illivere’s army move into double-time. Slowly, the Magus-Crafter followed the signal he had planted long ago. Ah, Nsiia. He had half-hoped…she would find it. Too late.
 
——
 
Scaied’s army and the sixteen huge monster-scorpions arrayed themselves in a long line, jeering. Looking a tad bit nervous. They were, after all, [Mercenaries], and while they had a lot of historical enmity with Tiqr, the attitudes of both sides were completely different.
