8.48 H
Page 49
He tossed the blade to the ground. Nsiia and Rémi turned their heads. Spitty cocked his head and frowned. What was Ksmvr staring at? A weapon better than the [Paladin]’s sword? Where? Where was—
General Vasraf of Tiqr stared at Ksmvr’s finger. Then…at the weapons hanging by his side, which he had never drawn in the heat of battle, in all the time he’d spent with Nsiia and Ksmvr. After all, he was a bow-expert. A [General]. These were weapons for dire fighting.
A pair of twin shortswords made out of ivory. Enchanted, well-crafted, but hardly the stuff of legends.
“My blades?”
“Yes. I know them. Everything else is hard.”
Nsiia’s brows snapped together. Did he mean that every other weapon he had ever used…? No, but it made sense. If he had been trained to use every weapon, there was still one that he would use above all others.
One style he had learned from…her eyes flickered and opened wide. She began to understand.
Slowly, Vasraf drew his blades and offered them to Ksmvr.
“Hscel Scarless is advancing. General, I hear cheering. Illivere’s army will reach us.”
“Ksmvr—”
The Antinium was rising. He looked down at Hscel and the Gold-rank adventurer frowned as he saw Ksmvr had abandoned the sword. Ksmvr wasn’t even holding a weapon in his third hand.
“Ksmvr. It’s madness. We’re falling back. The Relic-class sword!”
Nsiia shouted at him. Ksmvr barely heard her.
“You take it. I hear something.”
The voice kept repeating in his head.
 
[H—
 
He had a feeling. Nsiia looked at him and her eyes flickered.
“Go.”
She bent and lifted the sword. It shone and Scaied’s warriors hesitated as the Empress of Beasts pointed it down at them. She stared at the Oisk Stingers and shouted.
“Tiqr’s children! To me! Rout them! Drive Scaied to despair!”
Vasraf looked at her as she swung herself onto the nearest mount. Spitty led her down in a mad charge. The [Wild General] turned.
“Illivere’s army will be upon us in moments, General—”
One of the [Strategists] was scanning the horizon. Vasraf nodded tightly, looking for hints of an invisible or camouflaged army. Then he looked down at Ksmvr. The Antinium was sprinting down the hill and Hscel had cleared a space around him. And behind him came the Empress of Beasts, holding the glowing sword in her hand, straight at one of the Oisk Stingers.
“We can grasp victory.”
If…his gaze swept across the ground again. If they had time. Vasraf looked around. Then around again. Then his eyes narrowed. At last, he realized something. An oddity he’d missed because it was gone, but it—he—should have stood out one time in this desperate battle.
“…Where is Domehead?”
 
——
 
Domehead was standing very still. He knew he had done something that violated his laws. Nsiia had told him to stay with the [Archer] and [Mage] designations. He had not done so.
But he had done one thing she had told him, once. And Domehead never forgot. He cradled something in his arms. You see—he could not speak. He didn’t even know how he’d begin expressing himself.
Yet Domehead was a Golem. And a Golem had realized what the people had not. He knew exactly how Illivere was tracking them. Their army was almost upon the battleground. Femithain had pushed them hard, and they crested a ridge and saw…
“What the—?”
Armsmaster Dellic had been prepared to call a charge. Golems with huge bows, swords, and more weapons, all stopped. Steel-type giants, rough stone, even the rare Ceramic-type Golems armed with spellbooks.
They saw no desperate Scaied army waiting for their fresh one. No Tiqr force. Just a lot of flat ground.
