8.48 H
Page 46
The battle was going well and going south. Tiqr was pushing Scaied hard. However, without Ksmvr, the Oisk Stingers were conducting deadly hit-and-runs. They were suffering for it, but the battle was already dragging on.
And Illivere was coming as fast as they could. Ksmvr was fighting Hscel, and only the Gold-rank adventurer’s wariness and Ksmvr’s lies had kept the Antinium from losing more than two potions.
However, Illivere could change it all. Nsiia even heard the Scaied officers shouting.
“How much longer?”
“They’re closer than we thought! Less than an hour—”
“Damn!”
Nsiia ran through the [Tactician] who hadn’t spotted the break in their lines. She screamed at one of her warriors.
“Tell Vasraf we have one hour! One hour!”
She spun, looking for Ksmvr. Some battles were over fast, but those tended to be ones where it was an ambush that turned into a rout. Unfortunately, without grand magic or that kind of momentum like a cavalry charge, this was turning into a long battle.
One that could go many hours. If they beat Scaied before the end of the hour and withdrew, they could hold Illivere off. But they had to be winning much faster than this. They needed Ksmvr. Loquea Dree was circling, attacking weak flanks, but they had to keep out of range of the enemy [Archers] and there were only sixty of them.
But Ksmvr…
“Pull back! Pull back the line!”
Nsiia saw the warriors disengaging around her. A second wave hit the enemy. She backed up, panting, as her bodyguards surrounded her.
“Your Majesty, to the rear!”
“I can fight. Where’s Vasraf? Tell him to send me into another spot!”
Warriors moved back, some carrying the wounded to [Healers], others on their own momentum. Nsiia thought it had been nearly thirty minutes since they’d started fighting. Even with stamina potions…
Vasraf was standing in the rear, directing the army’s clashes and loosing arrows. He turned as Nsiia strode back, gulping water.
“Where’s Ksmvr? Has he won or…?”
The [Wild General] pointed. Nsiia turned and saw Ksmvr. He was staggering backwards from Hscel Scarless. True to the man’s name, he hadn’t taken a single wound. Ksmvr on the other hand…Nsiia saw green blood splashing the ground.
“Ksmvr!”
She began to run towards him, but Vasraf bellowed.
“[Pinpoint Volley]!”
Hscel looked up as the archers loosed. He stared at a wall of arrows, cursed, and flicked his wrist. A bracelet glowed and a bubble enveloped him for a single second. Long enough that the arrows bounced off the temporary shield. He whirled to attack Ksmvr, but found The Laughing Brigade. Snarling hyenas and warriors advanced, as the laughter picked up. Hscel backed up, scowling, unwilling to join the clash.
“Get him back here.”
Vasraf ordered his forces. Nsiia ran from their back lines to meet Ksmvr. He was already healing as they helped drag him back.
“…so that. So that’s…”
She almost thought he was saying ‘substandard’ at first. Ksmvr looked up as she seized his arm.
“Ksmvr!”
The Antinium sagged. He reached for a stamina potion as a [Healer] and Vasraf himself hurried forwards.
“So that’s Gold-rank. He is—difficult.”
“He beat you? Even with the sword?”
Nsiia could hardly believe it. But then—she had seen how fast Hscel moved. Ksmvr shook his head.
“I would rather fight Eldertuin the Fortress, please. Someone chose him well.”
Nsiia had to agree. The Empress looked towards Hscel. He had done something in Scaied’s ranks. They were chanting Ksmvr’s name.
“Could you avoid him?”
“I suspect he’ll seek out Ksmvr no matter where he goes. Do you need arms? Can we help you win?”
