8.48 H
Page 8
First the doorknobs fell apart. Then her bed collapsed as the supports beneath it gave way, rusted. Even the silverware—including the actual silver—seemed to have a half-life of minutes. Yvlon looked at her hands.
“It’s me. But why?”
Even enchanted metal. She didn’t feel bad for the arena’s staff, but it was concerning. Yvlon had stopped fighting with a sword because she couldn’t actually trust the metal. That, and because her arms were so much more dangerous than even lesser enchanted blades.
“My amazing arms that everyone loves.”
Yvlon stared at her arms. She slowly raised a finger, and stared at it. Before her eyes, it turned into a knife’s blade. She went back to slicing the apple. Then stopped.
She stared at her arms. Her monstrous arms. Yvlon clenched her fist, and something hit her in the cheek. The apple crushed in her grip, squirting a bit of juice. Yvlon cursed and raised her hand to throw the mess, then just sat there, head bowed.
“Damn this.”
And to what she was referring to, her glorified captivity, her arms, the mysterious problems, or all of it, she didn’t know.
Someone knocking at the door made Yvlon look up.
“Silver?”
“What is it, Rexel?”
The woman cracked open Yvlon’s private room and saw the mess. Yvlon started, then began to explain.
“I just lost control of my strength. It’s nothing. What’s the matter?”
Rexel looked nervous. She edged into the room, followed by Leprel.
“It’s—I just heard, and one of the arena managers is coming to ask. But I think you shouldn’t. I know you’ll want to, but it’s a good gladiator and he’s…challenging you. To a match.”
Yvlon’s head rose.
“A challenge? You mean, a duel?”
“Yes. But listen, Yvlon—”
The woman’s arm stretched and Rexel yelped as it grabbed the bit of paper. Yvlon and Rexel stared at it.
What is—
Yvlon saw her arm retract and stared at it. Then she forced her eyes on the short missive.
“Who’s…Mectail of Pomle? Pomle. Why do I know that name?”
“He’s a [Martial Artist]. From Pomle. He’s beaten more people with his bare fists than I’ve stabbed and he’s a [Gladiator] in the Coliseum of Monarchs. You could rise high in rank if you win. But Silver, he’s really dangerous. He’s broken people’s skulls with a single punch.”
“Worried for me, Rexel? If he uses his hands, he’ll never get close. Not to me. Not with…these. Why did he want to challenge me?”
“Maybe he thinks your arms are a good match? Or maybe he wants to get ahead. I don’t know. People don’t seem to think he wants an easy win…even if he was stupid enough to think your right arm can’t change.”
Yvlon grimaced. She stared at the invitation.
“Fine.”
“Silver! Let’s talk about this over dinner! You’re still healing, and this isn’t the plan!”
Yvlon raised her leg and showed it to Rexel.
“I’m fully healed up, thanks to the potion. I could fight in five minutes. If he wants to fight, I’ll oblige him. I’m a prisoner, but you said that the higher I rise, the closer I can get to freedom. Well, fine. If I have to battle my way out of Nerrhavia’s Fallen, person by person, I’ll do it.”
Her eyes flashed dangerously. She was breathing hard, and she didn’t understand why Rexel edged away. She didn’t see how her hands changed and little razors ran up the smooth skin like gooseflesh.
“Tell him I’ll fight him tomorrow.”
 
——
 
Mectail of Pomle. Now there was a name she heard more often in the courts. Yisame peeked at a biography of the [Gladiator]. Wins, losses, his background…
Obviously a fluff piece written to make him sound as good as possible, but the statistics spoke to anyone who followed arena matches.
