8.48 H
Page 16
She heard them, and stared at the metal blade he offered her. Somewhere in the gladiator stands, his companions were pretending they had never met Mectail.
The [Martial Artist] waited. Slowly, Yvlon reached out and took the blade in her left hand. She held the sword, more awkwardly in her off-hand, and stepped back.
The two regarded each other. Yvlon looked around the coliseum, which she hated. Hot Chandrar, which she hated as someone not used to it, and also as someone who had metal flesh. She listened to the crowds baying for blood, and was reminded of the collar on her neck, which did not belong there.
She hated all these things. However—she glanced at Mectail. Dead gods, even Ylawes would have said he was something else. He waited, and it seemed that he was not going to bow a fourth time, not offer her the gesture of respect of Pomle.
So Mectail made a gesture that reached across species and continents. A universal sign. One hand, palm out, fingers folding back. Beckoning.
Come on.
Yvlon almost laughed. Almost. She lifted the longsword, which made her, in this moment, far weaker of a warrior. But it was a weapon, not the savage way she could kill people.
“I don’t think I’ll pose much of a challenge, except for my Skills.”
Mectail shrugged. He smiled.
“We did not come here to entertain them.”
He glanced at the audience, who were booing. Yvlon did grin, then. The [Silversteel Armsmistress] saluted him in the style of her land. She advanced as he circled left, in a slower bout. A sparring match between fellow warriors.
 
——
 
By now, the jeering was so loud Vitte could hear it everywhere. From Thexca, too. She even threw the snack she was carrying into the ring. Compared to the earlier fighting, this was like watching children squabbling. Yvlon Byres was good, but with only one arm—and her off-one at that—she was far less dangerous, and Mectail also pulled his best Skills.
“Dead gods, it was so kitschy. I forgot that Mectail is famous for his wholesome fights.”
The [Gladiators] were complaining loudly. Only the [Martial Artist]’s fans, who loved watching him perform stunts like this, were happy.
And maybe a certain Sandquen, who had a new chapter for her story entry. Vitte just watched as the two eventually stopped with Mectail knocking Yvlon down, and helping her to her feet. They departed the arena, talking, even laughing as detritus showered down around them from the stands.
“Well, I guess Mectail’s got a new friend. Does that mean we have to fight with her?”
“She nearly got him before his stunt. Might be a regular.”
The others were groaning. Vitte smiled.
“Look at it this way. He might convince her not to try and kill us in every match. Which means we don’t have to kill her. I’m going to introduce myself.”
She hopped off her seat. Thexca shook her head.
“I hate Mectail.”
 
——
 
Yvlon Byres felt like a cloud of resentment and ire had lifted from her head. She didn’t stalk back to her rooms to debate unleashing an unknown scroll after the match. She talked to Mectail and met his companions, a Fox Beastkin named Vitte, an annoyed woman named Thexca, a warrior called Relladen…all of whom awed Rexel and Leprel.
“You, uh, look a bit calmer, Yvlon. Never thought I’d see the audience boo someone off the grounds. I nearly thought the guards were going to halt the match.”
Rexel commented. Yvlon brushed at her hair.
“…Mectail’s interesting. He told me I’m suffering from a Skill I received. I didn’t believe him…but he’s offered to practice with me. I might take him up on the offer.”
“I just hope your patron doesn’t mind.”
