8.48 H
Page 25
No movement. The lights changed, but who could divine their meaning? Nsiia slowly rode to one side. Crafter Se was being restrained by her people.
“There she is. You may go to her or…”
Domehead walked towards Nsiia. He stopped, and the Empress of Beasts turned a rueful smile towards Vasraf.
“You see?”
The [Wild General] sighed, but nodded.
“Her Majesty’s will be done. Then let’s harry this force. I have no wish for them to trail us and lead the Magus-Crafter and a real army towards us.”
“How? Kill them?”
The blunt suggestion came from one of Vasraf’s officers. Ksmvr hesitated. He looked at Crafter Se. He did not wish that, but he listened. The [Wild General] shook his head.
“It shouldn’t be difficult. Have two Garuda squads in reserve. Archers, with me…”
The attack on Crafter Se’s advance group was fast. She squeaked as she saw nearly a thousand [Riders] coming her way. She tried casting more lightning bolts, but a [Mage] opposing her countered the spell.
“To arms! Arrows! Bows!”
The smaller, ceramic Golems smoothly raised their bows and the other [Mages] drew their wands. But the [Riders] bearing down on them were [Soldiers] used to fighting enemy [Mages] and arrows. Just before they drew into range, someone pointed up.
“Garuda! Garuda with—”
The first ceramic jars filled with the [Sticky Web] spell—an alchemical version of it—exploded, the ropes of webbing sticking to the archers and [Mages]. The [Riders], divided into two groups, came in for a pincer attack.
“Surrender or die!”
Crafter Se screamed.
“Surrender! We surrender! We—”
The purpose of the Garuda was twofold. After Crafter Se and the force had been stripped of weapons and useful gear and armor—including bags of holding—they were pointed back the way they’d come. But not directly back towards Illivere or their army.
“Send them on this route.”
“Yes, [General].”
One of the Garuda sighed as they began to herd the loudly-protesting Se and others away. Soon, the [Golem Artificer] would have no idea where she was or had been, Tiqr’s army would be far away, and it would be a guessing game to find them again.
Ksmvr thought little of that, aside from waving at Crafter Se, who cursed him so loudly from afar that some of Tiqr’s [Soldiers] began laughing and writing down the idioms. Nsiia shook her head.
“We’re on the border of the Empire of Scaied. She reached us before Nerrhavia’s garrison or anyone else. She must have truly wanted Domehead back. Do you wish to say anything to her?”
Domehead didn’t move. Nsiia shrugged.
“On we go, then. Crafter Se! Apologies! I will bring him back some day!”
A scream was her only answer. Tiqr’s army set off, distributing the gear they’d plundered. A shame they couldn’t take the Golems, but they were bound to Illivere and it was too risky to try and figure out how to control them without experts of their own.
Something occurred to Ksmvr only a bit later, though. He twisted to look back, but Crafter Se was far out of sight already. He supposed it was just a Skill or something. But to his knowledge, they were all part of General Vasraf’s army. Yet from afar…she should only have been able to see Vasraf.
Perhaps she had seen Domehead and Ksmvr? The Antinium rode on, thinking.
 
——
 
He could not stand by forever. Nsiia kept pushing him, but it took even Rémi Canada a while to understand why. It was a rare moment when the [Journalist] asked Nsiia why.
On film, of course. He could have done it off-screen, but he was genuinely confused.
“What, exactly, makes you want Ksmvr’s help so badly, Nsiia?”
