8.48 H
Page 40
The young man gazed at Ksmvr behind his camera, with as much emotion as the others, but urgency. Show them this.
“I don’t think it is, Ksmvr. I’m…sorry to hear Antinium have such short lives. But you have to know that we Humans, and many other species, do love unconditionally. I think if your team were here, they would say they care for you no matter what you do. I will try to be there when you meet them, so I can ask them just that.”
Ksmvr chuckled, a light fluttering sound, and looked surprised that he had made it. He shook his head at Rémi.
“Your point is made like a Human. And it is a good one, Rémi. I would be happy if it were so. But I think it is silly, nevertheless. Shortsighted. Wrong. I think it is so foolish that you have what I have. All of you.”
He turned around, fingers pointing to the people around him. Ksmvr gave them a deep stare.
“Even a fraction of what I have—and you take it so lightly. You say I should be loved without any deeds? You think it is yours by right, and does not need to be earned? That it will never disappear? You are the fools.”
He looked at them all.
“You take it so lightly. You think you have some value, that your life has meaning just because you existed. It was random chance. That is your value. You must work to keep it. You could have easily never been. If you achieve nothing, you are not worth something even so. You are worth less than what you began with.”
“Why do you believe that, Ksmvr?”
The Antinium turned. And he was in a kind of…trance. Delirium? No, just as if someone had cracked a stone and water was leaking out, from where it had been contained for a long time.
“When I was made, Rémi, I was a Prognugator. Not a Worker. Not a Soldier. When I was made…ten thousand Antinium were created. Not as you see me. Not like this. But ten thousand. Then, nine thousand nine hundred and ninety nine Antinium died. I could have been one of those who were subsumed at any stage of their creation. I was not. I was the best of them. I took a bit of their insight. A bit of their strength. Their space, their right to live…that most of all.”
He touched his fingers to his chest.
“I know I am unique. I know what I had, and I thought, once, it made me superior. Special. I was taught by the Free Queen to be the best of my kind. I learned from studying one of the Antinium’s heroes. And we have so few. Only ever a hundred. But I am a pale copy of the Antinium I was created in imitation of. My worth is as an adventurer, in my team.”
“How does that work? Ten thousand Antinium die to make a Prognugator? Is that how Klbkch the Slayer was made? Is he the one you were supposed to replace?”
Rémi’s voice was urgent. Ksmvr hesitated. He knew he should not be speaking, but he continued.
“No. He was not one of ten thousand. He was one in a million. No. He was one of a million.”
Ksmvr touched his chest and looked at his fingers, opening and closing them.
“I am one in ten thousand. Perhaps more. Perhaps only that. I was chance. I know this to be true, though—Klbkchhezeim is that million. He was made in a way none before or since have ever been created.”
The Antinium’s head rose. He looked around at his silent audience. After a second, he closed his mandibles.
