8.48 H
Page 22
“…Ksmvr. Wait, you would not have actually seen…say. Does anyone have a recording of the Village of the Dead raid?”
Ksmvr looked up, interested, as someone did produce the famous recording. Rémi Canada offered Ksmvr a recording of the scenes Ksmvr had not seen. Fascinated, Ksmvr stared at the crystal.
“Ryoka Griffin was present? And House Veltras? That is very intriguing.”
“You know the Wind Runner?”
“She is a personal friend of my team. Not me myself, but she had a longstanding association with the previous incarnation of the Horns of Hammerad and I consider her an ally. Hmm. Hmm. What is that!?”
He pointed at the image of two glowing Antinium appearing to battle the specter undead. Nsiia glanced at him.
“You don’t know?”
“I…ah. That appears to be a dangerous Revenant.”
Ksmvr stared as the Drake who had cut a path through undead and adventurers alike made his grand entrance. [Dragonbane Swordlegend]. Nsiia pointed at him as the lone [Duelist] challenged him.
“Now there is a warrior without equal. Or will you gainsay that?”
Ksmvr did not immediately respond. He watched as the two crossed swords, rapier and parrying dagger versus the Drake’s sword. Attack and defense, a whirling dance of blades that was so fast that the recording had to slow down to give regular members of the audience time to appreciate the elegance and form.
Tomoor the [Duelist], who was immortalized in this single battle by his students as one of the great [Duelists] of this era. Posthumously awarded a golden bell.
The Drake [Swordlegend], fighting with a smile on his face. Ksmvr looked up slowly.
“The Drake appears to be quite good. The [Duelist] is certainly fighting at a superior level. It is impossible to tell if this ‘[Swordlegend]’ is exaggerating his abilities, however. It may be he is only using his Skills.”
Nsiia stared at Ksmvr like he had a huge grin on his face. The Antinium’s mandibles clacked as he went back to watching.
“Yes. He is certainly high-level. As to his actual skill with a sword—”
“Dead gods! Are you not seeing the battle? Am I blind?”
Vasraf exploded, turning a bit red with outrage. He gestured at the duel between the two. Ksmvr calmly stared at it.
“I see it too, General Vasraf. But that is only an indication of Instructor Tomoor’s proficiency. He did not challenge the Drake to use his true school of fighting. I believe he’s probably a true master, but I cannot tell from this alone.”
He handed the recording to Rémi. The [Journalist] silently took it, and zoomed in on the others’ faces. Nsiia turned to Ksmvr.
“You speak like you know something, Ksmvr. Yet your team is not made up of anyone who could come close to this level, even your friend Pisces. You must admit that, surely.”
Ksmvr hesitated. He clacked his mandibles together a few times, and twiddled his thumbs as he clasped his hands. He responded slowly, looking the other way.
“…They are adventurers. They may be the finest team ever to exist, that will leave their mark on history. One…one does not need to be proficient technique-wise to be a fine adventurer. Skills make up for many lacking qualities. Magic is also not my purview, so Ceria might be…Comrade Pisces may be very skilled in that area.”
He edged away, eager to be out of the conversation. Nsiia blew out her cheeks, looking purely amazed as Ksmvr went off. Vasraf leaned over.
“He does not have that talent, nor show it.”
“No. He does not.”
