8.48 H
Page 23
Nsiia frowned, eying his armaments. Ksmvr had a shortsword, longsword, bow, and Forceshield, along with his crossbows and used all…well, quite well. He was an excellent shot with any ranged weapon and he used all three arms at once. Even so, it sounded like he was talking amazing smack.
On the other hand…she tapped a finger to her lips.
“Ksmvr is not able to beat me or warriors of my level easily, Vasraf. With his magic sword, yes. But he lacks the strength to break my guard. He is fast, but he does not strike perfectly, and he struggles to keep up with a warrior who can push him constantly.”
“Is there anything that sets him apart?”
Vasraf waited. Nsiia nodded.
“…I have never seen him actually surprised by any technique I used. In that he never seemed to lack for a counter. He was only unable to move to it in time. I have a thought, Vasraf.”
“Yes?”
Nsiia looked at Ksmvr’s back.
“We remark upon Ksmvr’s abilities with a sword and his weapons. He seems arrogant. Yet now I wonder. I have heard of the Antinium fighting, just like you. So I must ask. Since he is the only Antinium I have ever heard of to wield a blade save one…who taught him?”
The others looked after Ksmvr. The obvious answer was simple. So Leka Thri walked over and asked.
“Ksmvr. Were you taught by the one known as…Centenium? Klbkch the Slayer?”
Ksmvr looked up blankly. He almost flinched at the name.
“No. Klbkch was occupied with his duties. I had no interaction with him until shortly before I was expelled from my Hive. I have never learned swordsmanship from him directly. My education was overseen by the Free Queen of the Antinium.”
Leka Thri turned and gave the others a blank look. He turned back to Ksmvr.
“Then, if you have observed Klbkch the Slayer’s style. Is he a master?”
Ksmvr turned from scratching Yinah, who was lying and wiggling on her back.
“He was.”
 
——
 
The Slayer of the Centenium stared at Ksmvr in the still recording. He flexed one arm and it moved, slowly.
Klbkch the Slayer. Revelantor of the Free Antinium. True Antinium of Rhir. Once he had been Klbkchhezeim, a [Swordslayer] and [Assassin] both.
Yet never hugely high-levelled. Even as a [Swordslayer], he had told Ryoka Griffin his highest level there had been…44.
Of course, dying didn’t help, and he had died many times. But what Ksmvr said was true. He had been far better, once.
“…Why is Ksmvr in Chandrar? Why is he being interviewed by Humans and associating with Garuda? Finally. Why are you showing me this? Wrymvr?”
The Centenium, Wrymvr the Deathless, dangled the scrying orb from one limb.
“Mockery and entertainment. Do you disagree?”
Klbkch’s hand twitched towards the two silver swords waiting for his new body’s completion. He looked at Wrymvr.
“There is more to combat than mere levels. Centenium were too superior to level quickly.”
“I am higher level than you.”
“You never died.”
Klbkch decided to ignore Wrymvr. The Centenium stared at the recording, then turned to Klbkch.
“Ksmvr. An unauthorized Prognugator of the Free Queen. Competency?”
“Minimal.”
A foreleg tapped Klbkch on the head. The Slayer stared at it.
“…He was created and trained by the Free Queen. Query her—I was unaware she was training a replacement. It is my understanding she wished to create a copy of me to ease our burdens. He was deployed prematurely. We exiled him for the reasons I outlined.”
“Yes. Experiment. Grow. But competency?”
Klbkch shrugged; he had control of his upper body, if not one of his arms or legs. He was impatient, but the time was allowing him to adjust to the enhanced reflexes and make plans.
