8.48 H
Page 28
They went down the hills from multiple flanks, appearing out of nowhere to Nerrhavia Fallen’s terrified army. Ksmvr, watching from Spitty’s back, saw Tiqr’s warriors charging on foot. Many had horses or camels or other animals and rode with amazing nimbleness down the rocky terrain. They didn’t fear stray stones or breaking their mounts’ legs; they had Skills to protect their friends.
Flights of Garuda took to the air, chasing down the enemy scouts, who screamed when they saw eight of Loquea Dree’s warriors spread out. [Archers] mixed with the small number of [Mages] in pockets, aiming down at the soldiers below.
That was what Tiqr’s children of flesh and metal did. The ones of fang and claw fought too. Ksmvr saw hyenas, packs of them, racing down, laughing, in a flanking move. Even some birds joining the Garuda in the air.
The hammer was the two Grand Elephants, who moved behind the riders with the warriors on foot, trampling towards the enemy lines. They had armor protecting their fronts, and Vasraf was only one of several [Archers] on the giant animals’ backs, shooting down into the melee.
They didn’t wipe out Nerrhavia’s army in one go, or rout them. They did hit the soldiers below so hard that Ksmvr saw the shock ripple through the Stitch-Folk [Soldiers]’ ranks. But then Tiqr’s warriors were skirmishing with ranks of Hemp-caste [Soldiers], and their blades dug into the tough ‘skin’ of their opponents as well as armor.
Nor did Stitch-Folk fear blades or fangs like other warriors. Ksmvr saw one take a terrible slash from Nsiia that nearly severed her shoulder. The [Soldier] screamed, scrambled back, but some kind of [Healer] or…[Stitch Healer] sewed the wound back up and pushed the warrior back to the front.
It was still a battle that favored Tiqr overwhelmingly. Ksmvr stood there, with the [Archers] and noncombatants. Rémi Canada shifted from the battle to Ksmvr.
“You’re not fighting?”
“I have reiterated my points to Empress Nsiia. I am an adventurer. I do not know if…”
Ksmvr trailed off to look at the fighting.
“—I am one warrior. Hardly as high-level as Empress Nsiia or General Vasraf. My contribution makes little difference.”
Yinah yowled from her position with Rémi; she had not been allowed to join the attack. Spitty took umbrage as well and kept trying to turn his head straight around so he could hit Ksmvr with phlegm.
Rémi Canada said nothing, but turned to Seelaw Ya and Leka Thri.
“And Loquea Dree?”
“Eight warriors, life or death. We stay here. With Ksmvr. We do not hunger for blood. Our kin should remember that.”
Seelaw Ya replied. Ksmvr thought he was genuinely calm. Ksmvr was conflicted. But…Tiqr was winning. Nerrhavia’s Fallen was retreating backwards, literally sacrificing its front ranks to pull into a better formation.
Ksmvr saw something that the soldiers in the melee missed. Amid the terrible fighting in the fore, the convoy of Tiqr’s people had broken away. They turned, spotted Vasraf and Nsiia, and began to cheer and scream.
They did not join the fighting; they had no weapons or armor. However, the few [Soldiers] guarding them met swift ends. Tiqr’s people streamed away from the fighting. And the Nerrhavia’s Fallen [Commander] saw it.
 
——
 
“[Bodies of Iron]. Push forwards.”
General Vasraf’s Skill took Nsiia and the warriors in the vanguard forwards without fear. They charged in, yet not just because of him. The Empress of Beasts herself had taken to the front as well, and she raised her sword.
“[Wild Gift: Elephant’s Strength]! Bring me that [Commander]’s head!”
