8.48 H
Page 50
“We should be right on top of them! How are we not there? How—?”
And then he saw him. Illivere’s army stopped as they saw a lone figure standing there. Crafter Se screamed.
“Domehead!”
The Golem stood still. Femithain’s head rose from behind his two Golem bodyguards.
“Domehead?”
One Golem. They were in the wrong place! No…Femithain narrowed his eyes and saw a little figure move. A tiny, blonde cat yowled, and leapt out of Domehead’s arms. Yinah dropped something and went after the little, rolling gemstone.
The gemstone Domehead had removed from her artificial legs. She batted it around, saw the giant army standing there, and meowed.
“It’s a feint. We’re—we’re off-target. We might be miles away from the fighting.”
Armsmaster Dellic realized what Nsiia had done. He spun, calling for scouts, but Crafter Se lifted an excited hand.
“No, wait! Domehead’s right here! We can get him and attack Nsiia! Magus-Crafter! Domehead, to me!”
She began to fumble for a command scroll, but Femithain didn’t respond. Domehead was just standing there. Regarding Illivere’s army. Then—
Yinah was backed up, hissing, ready to attack. She glanced up as the huge Golem stepped forwards. The house cat saw him draw an axe many times her body mass and decided to leave it to him. She skittered backwards, then turned.
Domehead had drawn his axe. Without a visible command from anyone.
“She must have given him orders to fight. Domehead! Erase—commands. There!”
Crafter Se activated a scroll. Domehead’s dome lit up brightly in response. Crafter Se beamed. Then she waved at him.
“Domehead, to me! Forwards march and halt!”
“Crafter Se.”
The woman ignored him. Domehead heard her voice. He turned his body slightly. And didn’t move. The [Golem Artificer]’s voice trailed off.
“Magus-Crafter…we are close to Tiqr’s army. Local scrying spells indicate we can reach them in the next thirty minutes.”
“Turn the army and prepare to attack. Long-range spells. Inform Scaied to hold.”
Dellic was giving rapid orders, ignoring Domehead. It was just a Golem to him, and he did not relish the idea of Tiqr free to attack them if they wanted their prize back. The man was pivoting the forces when the Golem moved.
He moved from a standing position, axe in hand, to break-neck run with the speed and perfect motion Femithain had given him. The sight of an armored giant surging at them was enough to freeze all but the Golems. The army swung back as Domehead moved—to block their path.
Femithain’s eyes opened wide. Domehead stood there, an angry cat yowling in the distance.
“Domehead, what are you doing? Obey orders!”
Crafter Se was bewildered. And how could Domehead answer? The lights in his dome winked on and off, on and off. Not even other Golems could tell what they meant. All he knew was routine. All he knew was…what he had been taught. What he saw.
So, the axe rose. Domehead’s legs shifted. Armsmaster Dellic, Femithain, and Crafter Se saw him adjust his stance. Stance wide, legs braced. A hand rose as he held the axe one-handed—and he had never been taught to do that.
The armored digits rose on the other hand, palm out. Like a striking [Empress] of another land, Domehead stood. No, he strode, steps light, shoulders thrown back. He planted the axe in the ground and drew a line. He pointed down to it, walking back.
A perfect copy in all but voice. Just like the Empress of Beasts had once stood against Garuda [Raiders]. Domehead stood, axe raised.
Waiting. If they are honorable warriors…prepare for treachery…
