8.48 H
Page 13
But she was learning. Already, she was unpredictable. She charged after Mectail as he kept stepping backwards. Now his arms were raised, open loosely, and he was balanced on the balls of his feet. Watching…
The second time, the Human woman thrust her broken arm forwards. It telescoped, her flesh turning into another piercing lance of metal that shot past Mectail as he leaned left. As it did—it morphed again and a second blade shot out of the lance, going for his face.
“Sands!”
Thexca looked a bit sick as Mectail’s head twisted. He stepped back, looking surprised, and brushed at a gash on his cheek. Then his hand moved. He went to block the other arm as it came in a slash. His forearm blocked the blade of metal—but it dug into his flesh. He knocked it back, grimacing, and the woman recoiled.
Arms as tough as metal. Even so—Vitte’s tail whished back and forth. She’d seen Mectail block regular swords without getting cut.
“Come on, Mectail.”
She muttered. And realized it was an echo of someone else’s words. The [Gladiators] in the audience focused, no longer laughing or placing bets. They were realizing that rather than this being an easy victory—Mectail was in genuine danger.
 
——
 
She never stopped advancing. The scream had ended. It might have been a warcry, but it sounded like a beast to him.
A beast of flesh and metal. With that helmet on, he could see the eyes flashing at him out of the shadows. Even her posture was lowered. And the arms—
Not poisoned. The [Martial Artist] was breathing calmly. Wound on the cheek, arm. His plan of attack wasn’t going smoothly. But that he was used to. He watched her. He had thought he understood those arms.
He did not. They could change multiple times, not just do one thing, like extend or turn into razors. What a terrifying ability. Because—
Here she came. A huge, overhand swing. Arm flashing—reflecting the light and threatening to blind him. But he didn’t dare take his eyes off it bec—
The arm exploded like a porcupine. Thin lines of metal, shooting outwards. The same move that had downed the Champion of Rust.
There was nowhere to dodge in that space; he’d be perforated a dozen times. So he could only back up. And the other arm came out like a whip, slashing.
[Long Backstep]. A low-level Skill carried him out of range. If he retreated, he was safest. But that meant he’d never get close.
“Coward!”
A bellow from her. Mectail saw her arm returning to normal. It took a moment; it wasn’t instantaneous. If it was—he didn’t know if he’d be safe. Yet he noticed something else that made the [Martial Artist] narrow his eyes.
…One of the spikes from her right arm was bloody. He stared at her shoulder. She’d stabbed herself by accident.
She didn’t even seem to notice. On she came, and there was a limit to how many times he could retreat. He’d seen enough. Mectail leapt forwards.
Under a razor’s edge—dodge the metal spike that shot downwards. She swept her left arm around. It was going to morph—
The razor blades were already extending when the palm hit Yvlon in the chest.
[Launch Palm]. Mectail had aimed and hit her in the solar plexus, angled up. He watched as she landed. He exhaled, and charged forwards.
 
——
 
She landed six feet away, stunned, feeling her ribs uncompressing. What kind of—
Weak blow. Don’t lie down!
She came up so fast it surprised him. Her arms dug into the ground and threw her back up, a lattice of metal. She saw his lips move. Yvlon swung her arms.
That’s right. Monster.
