8.48 H
Page 37
The Antinium sat in front of Domehead. As still, as seemingly emotionless as the Golem. He looked up at Domehead. It was up to him to speak, because Nsiia did not understand.
Ksmvr did. Domehead and he were alike in some ways, in their understanding of the world. Yet Domehead was Ksmvr when he had just left the Hive. How would Ksmvr have felt, with the Horns?
…Wary at first, perhaps. Suspicious. Lost. Yet what if…what if Nsiia was like Ceria, Pisces, and Yvlon later? Especially like Yvlon. Ksmvr thought of how Nsiia sang to him, and taught him. Yes…in that case, Ksmvr thought he would do whatever it took. So what to tell Domehead?
Perhaps—a precious lesson he’d had to be told many times. Ksmvr leaned forwards.
“Domehead. You are not wrong to understand that you can make a difference in battle. There is always a time and place to act. Nsiia may put you in the rear, but you may have to go forwards to save her. To do what must be done.”
Nsiia whirled around, furious. Domehead’s crystal lights began to brighten, and Ksmvr went on. He looked carefully at Domehead, and thought of Femithain.
“However. You should have a care for your existence as well, Domehead. You must preserve your life and body. Not because you matter.”
“Ksmvr!”
Ksmvr tapped his chest, ignoring the angry ruler. Then he tapped Domehead’s huge metal plate, where his Golem Heart lay.
“Not because you matter. But if you should be destroyed, you will sadden at least two people. At least.”
He looked at Nsiia, then back to Domehead.
“That is two too many.”
Nsiia was striding over, eyes flashing, as Yinah tugged the crying hyena cub over, one of the two who hadn’t opened its eyes yet. But then Domehead moved. The Golem had been sitting there, no face to be read, just that round dome that looked everywhere and nowhere. It had not moved when Nsiia spoke. It had not moved when Ksmvr spoke, or Vasraf voiced its opinion, only shifted its frame ever so slightly, twitched a hand.
Now, Domehead moved. He did not speak. The lights played in different colors in the crystals in his head-dome as the Golem raised a slow finger on his left hand. He reached out—and tapped Ksmvr on the chest.
Exactly like Ksmvr had done. The Antinium was surprised. Nsiia halted in her tracks. Ksmvr saw the finger retract, and Domehead sat still. Ksmvr looked at Domehead. Then he smiled.
“I have three. That is more than you, Domehead. I know this lesson. I must not die. But you understand. You must not let them die. Or you would have no worth or purpose. It is a tricky thing, to do both. If the time comes…you will know what to do.”
He smiled happily. Right before Nsiia seized him and dragged him up. She was angry. Ksmvr braced himself for her wrath, but he did not understand why she looked so…distraught. Nor how his words had affected those who heard him.
“That is a terrible thing to teach, Ksmvr.”
“No it is not. Domehead understands.”
“You—”
Nsiia shook Ksmvr, at a loss for words. Vasraf was looking at Ksmvr, holding his tongue, but the [Wild General] kept glancing at his [Empress]. He did not fully disagree and Ksmvr saw that.
And yet, in this moment, as it came on again, and Nsiia began to shout, it was the man behind the camera who couldn’t help it. Rémi Canada spoke.
“Ksmvr.”
Nsiia stopped and let go of Ksmvr. The Antinium [Skirmisher] turned. Rémi Canada rose. He glanced at Yinah, but the cat was not attacking the little hyena baby. Rather, she had curled around the small red thing and was purring.
Even a heartless, murderous household cat understood something Ksmvr only had half a grasp on. Rémi spoke.
