8.48 H
Page 19
Vasraf was more fascinated by Ksmvr, and it was to him that Rémi and the others turned for commentary. Nsiia frowned.
“Yes. Far more of a danger with all his tricks like the crossbows. Leka Thri is a skilled warrior too, but if they are trying not to harm each other…”
It became that boring dance. Even so, Ksmvr was keeping up with a Garuda on the wing. Vasraf nodded.
“If all Antinium were as quick, I would be amazed. I always thought of them as hand-to-hand fighters.”
“That is my understanding. Ksmvr is an exception.”
Again, the [Wild General] nodded.
“And yet…it is almost a bit disappointing.”
“How so, [General]? He seems skilled, as any adventurer might. He’d press any warrior fairly hard, even our best.”
One of the veteran soldiers observed. Vasraf nodded, but he was frowning. He turned to Nsiia.
“Your Majesty. You have sparred with Ksmvr. How good is he with his blades?”
Nsiia pursed her lips.
“I can beat him almost every time, but that is because my Skills and class exceed his. With his crossbows and Skills and gear, I think he could push me hard enough that it might be equal if I had to charge him, and I without any artifacts. And I am the [Empress of Beasts].”
She tossed her head and grinned. Then turned to Vasraf.
“With his magic sword, he could threaten any warrior here with death. Especially with his speed.”
She nodded to him. A magic sword plus Ksmvr’s agility? Vasraf folded his arms.
“…But he is no great master of arms.”
Nsiia raised her brows.
“No. He fights very well with his sword and shield, and his extra arm makes him surprising. But he is no expert—ah, see.”
Leka Thri won. He came down in a risky attack, but his kick caught Ksmvr on the buckler, and the scythe descended. Ksmvr dodged, but it hooked him in the air. He stopped, nodded.
“If I had my Forceshield, your kick would have failed.”
“Yes. I know.”
The two regarded each other with approval. Nsiia strode over.
“Ah, Leka Thri. Will you or the First of Judgement tell me what unique style your people use?”
Because it was a style. Leka Thri looked over at Seelaw Ya. The clan leader gave a nod.
“We developed a style from warriors of old, who used similar weapons. We adapted it for the skies. Jakka and moreit.”
He demonstrated. Ksmvr saw him hold the blade out. Point to the scythe’s edge.
“Moreit. To fight like Loquea Dree is to understand threat and attack. Moreit is threat. Jakka—”
A fast punch that moved the air.
“—Attack.”
“A strange way of classifying it. You mean, you don’t consider the scythe an attack?”
Vasraf was fascinated. Leka Thri shook his head.
“It is a threat. If you fail to account for it, it will kill. Threaten areas where the opponent moves. Like so. And so—”
He changed the scythe rapidly, twisting it, cutting, but often just placing it at angles around an imaginary foe. Leka Thri could choke up on the handle, change directions, and move the long scythe blade anywhere he wanted. It was a bit odd until you remembered it was meant for an aerial battle.
“Moreit. Threats as the opponent moves. As you close—jakka.”
“Interesting. But you see, the way Tiqr teaches its warriors is like so. I imagine you know other weapons. So…do you see our fighting styles in the air? We have a style of blades based around animals.”
