8.48 H
Page 39
“Do you think you will lose their affection, Ksmvr? Is that something that happens among the Antinium? Do you think your team would simply stop loving you someday? I have to tell you—that is not how it happens. Not if they care for you.”
Ksmvr turned to face Rémi. He looked at the young man and his mandibles rose and opened in what people now understood to be how an Antinium smiled. Yet the mandibles drooped slowly at the end. Nuance to the smile. Perhaps even other Antinium would have to look at it for context. Since it was so rare that they did smile. Until now.
What did the Free Antinium, the Antinium of the Flying Hive, all those who saw this now and later, think? The one representative of their species stood, in the recording, in the present, smiling, a bit melancholy.
“I have always thought it humorous, Rémi Canada, how you people speak about love and affection. By which, I mean, non-Antinium. It seems a common thread across continents and nations. Perhaps there are other species who understand.”
He glanced at Nsiia and Vasraf. Leka Thri had come to listen, but he did not intrude. Ksmvr told his audience, calmly.
“You speak as if parenthood is a truth. That those who produce offspring must, should love their creations. Even Domehead. But he knows the truth of all other Golems. Just as Antinium. It is not a given.”
Domehead looked at Ksmvr. The Antinium nodded politely to him. Nsiia began to object, but was uncertain. Yinah licked the baby hyena’s closed eyes. The infant tried to nuzzle the far smaller cat. She gave Ksmvr much the same look as his audience. Only Rémi kept his face neutral. He listened. This was what he wanted. Ksmvr had to explain.
“Do [Golem Artificers] love every Golem they make, even flawed ones? No. I do not believe so. Some do have affection for their creations, like Femithian, but he will destroy a failure. That is fair because it is economical and expedient. Antinium are much like that. I was not born of any mother or father. I was created in a vessel designed to bring me to life, that has no feeling or true mind. Should I expect it to love me?”
“A…”
Vasraf couldn’t even understand what Ksmvr was saying. The Antinium turned back to Rémi, speaking matter-of-factly.
“Perhaps you would think that my Queen is then my parental figure, as she oversees such things. Would you expect her to bear affection for me, personally? Or all Antinium? My Queen has a Hive of Antinium. So many thousands of Workers and Soldiers—should she love them all? They die, sometimes by the hundreds, each day. We will inevitably perish in a fraction of her lifespan. I am over three quarters of the lifespan of a Worker. I am a Prognugator—or was—so I may live longer, but adventurers live short lives.”
“And how old is that, Ksmvr?”
The Antinium beamed at Rémi Canada.
“This year, I am three years old.”
The child looked around at the shocked faces. No—he was a fully grown Antinium. Older than average, really. Even Yinah was older than he was. Vasraf had dropped the water flask he was holding, and the precious liquid dribbled into the sand, but the [Wild General] didn’t even notice.
“You’re only three?”
“I am proudly three. For an Antinium, Nsiia, I would only have one year left to live, on average. So I have calculated myself as being sixty six years old, thereby allowing me to drink at establishments. I understand Humans assign age like ‘dog years’. Therefore, I do the same.”
The Antinium puffed out his chest. Then turned back to Rémi and shook his head.
“That is inconsequential to my point, Rémi Canada.”
