8.48 H
Page 5
Her fame as a member of the Horns of Hammerad, insistence that she was wrongfully accused, and brutal fighting style all played into that. Yet now, Yvlon’s shapely nose, once broken but correctly set, wrinkled. The scar on her cheek, very faint, twitched.
“I’m not angry, Rexel.”
The [Storm Bandit] opened her mouth wide. Leprel took the melting bag of ice off her head to stare. Yvlon sat up straighter and squared her shoulders.
“I’m not. That is to say, I’m angry that I’m imprisoned. I do—intensify in battle, but I’m calm. See?”
She took in a breath, exhaled, and nodded at Rexel. She tried a faint, wry smile.
“I’m just exasperated. Irritated.”
“So you’re not seething with fury? Or about to eat people’s ears when we fight, like you were ten minutes ago?”
“Rexel…you say the strangest things. I’m a [Warrior]. I’m calm. I’m just—”
Yvlon looked around. Her brow furrowed. Then she caught Rexel’s eyes, exhaled.
“—Under stress. My team’s missing. I am fine. Thank you for your concern.”
“But you fight like you’re in a fury!”
“It’s just a Skill. It’s just me being more aggressive. It works. I have a hold on it. There’s a difference between that and having a temper, Rexel. Well, I don’t see the gel turning any colors. I’ll find that [Healer] and see you in our quarters.”
Yvlon stood up briskly. Rexel and Leprel exchanged a glance as she strode out of the room. Only when she was out of earshot did Leprel whisper.
“She thinks she doesn’t have a temper? My mother beat me like a sack of gnats and she was a calm, gentle lamb compared to Yvlon!”
“She’s deluding herself. But she fights so fiercely even the other [Gladiators] won’t get near her.”
Rexel grimaced. It was a problem, though…she looked after Yvlon. She kept saying the same things. She didn’t have a temper.
Rexel wondered if it was just being Human, or Izrilian. She sighed, rose to her feet, and groaned.
“Let’s smooth things over for her, eh?”
Leprel nodded. They had to do their part, which was, since they couldn’t fight well, represent Yvlon among the gladiators, make sure they didn’t gang up on her. It wasn’t too hard. Rexel left their waiting room and found some of the gladiators that were not badly wounded. She slapped the nearest woman she could find on the stomach and the Stitch-Woman [Javelin Thrower] sat up with a yell.
“What the—”
Rexel offered her a hand and one of the oranges she’d taken from the fruit bowl in their waiting room. The [Gladiator] saw Rexel’s grin, the fruit, snatched it, and glared. Rexel winked.
“Hey, you. You’re finally awake, eh? Sorry about Silver-Killer back there. She’s a fury once you let her loose. Name’s Rexel. What’s yours…?”
 
——
 
Yvlon Byres stalked back to her rooms. And she did stalk. The [Gladiators] watched her, and not just the ones who had fought in the Arena of Change.
Given the varying nature of the arenas, the gladiators were housed in a central location so they could go to whatever arena needed to. It took a bit of transport time, but saved in other ways.
Most of the low-level ones got out of her path. The ones with confidence, or the appearance of it, watched her go without clearing a space. One of them, a short Beastkin from Baleros—well, that’s where most of her kind came from—stood on the tips of her toes to stare after Yvlon.
“There goes the Silver-Killer. Mad as a loon, they say.”
She spoke with a perfect accent to Nerrhavia’s Fallen, though. The fur on her face was a bit sandy, but only because she’d just finished her arena match.
One of her fellow [Gladiators], and sometimes-partner, watched with a moribund expression on his face.
