8.48 H
Page 2
“I am not a perfect storyteller, so I apologize for not giving my team due diligence—”
“No, Ksmvr. Not that. You told it fairly well. But just not about yourself.”
That was the key element his audience noticed. Ksmvr hesitated.
“Yes I did. I represented myself in the story—”
At this, he stopped because everyone began to chuckle. From Vasraf to the crow-Garuda—even Yinah opened her mouth. Nsiia’s smile was humorous—but a bit sad. She looked at him.
“Ksmvr, recount the part where Pisces drew his blade and fought.”
Ksmvr nodded slowly.
“He was the swiftest warrior on the battlefield, and fought up close, despite lacking armor. Crelers were all about him, but he had his flaming rapier in one hand, slashing, casting with the other. I personally witnessed hundreds of Crelers attacking him, yet he danced between them as if he were on a ballroom floor in Terandria. Even when they struck him, he refused to stop fighting. Indeed, his white robes of surpassing hygienic value turned crimson and orange with blood—”
He was warming to that section of the tale, but Nsiia propped her chin in her hands.
“…And where were you?”
Ksmvr gave her a blank look.
“Fighting Crelers. I contributed in a distraction role, as I was unable to do any qualitative damage to the Adult Creler until the end. My role was lamentably low.”
“Yet…you mentioned you are invulnerable to Creler poisons.”
“Yes. Therefore, I did risk wounds.”
“Where, exactly?”
Ksmvr shrugged matter-of-factly.
“I believe I concentrated on centers of the smallest Crelers, to do the most effective damage. You see, the smallest Crelers were weak enough that one could easily inflict damage, even by biting. Although they swarmed over and attempted to eat everything. I kept mobile, and survived by luck as much as the others’ efforts. Mostly due to Captain Ceria, in fact. Her fortress of ice—”
Vasraf had been listening. Now, he narrowed his eyes as he put the pieces together.
“You mean to say, you were fighting while they climbed you, in the thickest swarms of the Crelers, biting them?”
“It is an effective use of mouth-parts when not imbibing potions. Yes, General Vasraf. What of it?”
His audience looked at each other. Yes, this was Ksmvr. The Antinium looked genuinely uncomprehending. Because he had no worth. Or so he claimed.
“Ksmvr, you make it sound as if your team single-handedly killed a thousand small Crelers, scared the Adult Creler into fleeing, and then brought it down while you sat to the side, knitting!”
“I did not, Nsiia. I have well-documented my role. I simply contextualize it with their achievements.”
Nsiia was shaking her head.
“Ksmvr. You make too little of yourself, and that does a disservice to your team. Surely they are impressive, the three of them. I would quite like to meet them all. Ceria, Yvlon, Pisces. And yet—when you lie, even by kindness, it still paints a picture of them. Each one has a fault. Only not when they come from your mouth.”
The Antinium sat there, digesting her words. He almost shook his head, but looked around.
“I am aware they have their faults, Empress Nsiia. No one is perfect.”
“Ah, then…?”
Ksmvr shook his head.
“They are simply superior to me. You see, I am an exile. I am inferior by every standard I should be held to, and therefore, it does not merit me pointing out any flaws they have when…”
His audience sighed. Ksmvr tried to justify himself, but he already had, just not in the way he wanted. He looked around, then finally at Rémi. Even the [Journalist] seemed skeptical, but Ksmvr spoke to the camera.
