8.48 H
Page 1
His audience shifted. Even here—no, —anywhere—the word ‘Creler’ was synonymous with terror, with one of the world’s universal threats. Ksmvr’s own voice reflected that. A kind of warble, never heard before. Intensity. Hatred.
“If you have never seen one, I cannot describe an Adult Creler fully. It was approximately twice as large as a house. It spat bolts of…something. Internalized substances that could kill from afar. Nothing but great magic stopped its fangs from slicing armor apart. It was so well-armored that few weapons could even harm it. And it was aware. It fought us with tactics. It was cunning. It had a mind.”
He looked around.
“Even magic could not stop it. I watched a [Mage] of Wistram cast the full might of his power on it and fail to kill the Adult Creler. It was not a threat for Silver-rank teams. The instant it emerged, my captain, along with all of the others, instantly ordered a retreat. We did not reach the door; in fact, Crelers pursued the teams that did escape into the inn. We realized we would surely perish in flight. So we took a stand.”
It was a tale already told, the greatest moment of the Horns of Hammerad, the instant they became Gold-rank adventurers. Ksmvr did it some justice, although he had peculiarities in the way he talked. He was not a natural [Storyteller], but his enthusiasm and the fact that he had been there gave some moments a quality other renditions would lack, as did his style:
“The Adult Creler severed Yvlon’s arm after it began to break. Nevertheless, she picked up her arm and, using it as a replacement for her sword, began hitting the Creler. It was ineffective, but I believe it may have unsettled the Adult Creler.”
“She used her own arm to attack the Creler?”
Someone called out. Ksmvr turned his head.
“Only briefly. She made a tactical retreat to request Pisces reattach it. Which he did, to the best of his abilities. However, when Yvlon Byres reentered the battle, she charged the Adult Creler alone. Brave warriors like Crossbow Stan had already fallen, yet she brought her damaged blade up and performed a mordhau blow—with the crossguard as the hammer. It was she who finally broke the weakened armor of the Adult Creler’s head. One adventurer, who ignored the wounds she had taken. She would surely have died in moments, but she advanced. And that is why we took hold of victory.”
His voice rose with evident pride, and his gesturing, with three arms, became more dramatic.
“Yvlon Byres knew no fear. That is why she became a [Silversteel Armsmistress]. She fought, despite losing her arm. Despite taking near-fatal wounds. I believe that, of the two, the Adult Creler knew fear first. Its spirit and armor broke before her, and she began to carve out its main brain as it began to retreat for the first time.”
A Frostmarrow Behemoth dueling with the Adult Creler, a spontaneous link moment. The desperate barrier raised by Montressa du Valeross. Yvlon’s suicidal charge and, as she cut into the Adult Creler’s brain, the final, pivotal blow.
The audience leaned in as Ksmvr concluded his tale.
“I took advantage of the moment, landed on the Adult Creler, and finished her blow. Thereafter, it expired.”
His audience, like a free-falling bird in a beautiful dive, came to an abrupt stop, slamming into the end of Ksmvr’s story. Leka Thri frowned, his beak opening.
“Your story seems to lack a proper ending, Ksmvr.”
“Yes. You told parts of it well—parts not at all!”
Nsiia objected loudly as Ksmvr looked blankly at his companions. The Antinium scratched at his antennae.
