8.48 H
Page 34
Vasraf’s voice had Ksmvr out of bed in an instant. He leapt up, confused, and saw figures attacking the camp. Something huge erupted out of the ground and Ksmvr drew his sword. The radiance threw the fighting into relief and the attackers cried out while Tiqr’s people rallied.
Warriors in light armor with curved blades, some dripping with poison, charging out of the darkness. More with arrows—but Ksmvr was focused on the giant shapes attacking screaming warriors.
Scorpions. Giant scorpions, one fourteen feet long with a stinger that impaled someone even as he watched.
“To me! Fight them off!” 
Nsiia was howling. Ksmvr saw someone run at him. He parried the blade—and the surprised attacker’s head—clean from the body. Other people were shouting as more of the giant things came out from hiding.
“Oisk Stingers in the sands!”
Loquea Dree were in the sky, and the attackers were already falling back. Tiqr saw one figure pursuing them, battling with one of the giant scorpions.
Domehead. Nsiia shouted as the Golem took a furious stinger-blow straight to the chest and staggered. Yet he brought down his axe and smashed the scorpion flat, yet the giant arachnid got up and scuttled back as someone blew a shrill whistle.
“Domehead, to me! Don’t pursue!”
Flaming arrows struck Domehead’s crystal dome. A bolt of magic hit him in the chest and he hesitated—then stomped backwards.
It was a fast attack. An ambush by the Empire of Scaied. Vasraf didn’t even have time to bury the dead. Seelaw Ya landed as the [Wild General] ordered the camp struck.
“An army is coming. Eight thousand strong.”
“Damn. Tend to the wounded. Prepare to move! Now! If Illivere flanks us—”
Nsiia helping tend to the wounded. She bent down.
“Oh no. You…[Sympathetic Heal—].”
She tried to cast the Skill on the wounded hyena, but the animal snapped at her. It growled, a spear embedded in its side. Nsiia bent, eyes wet. She put her ear to the animal’s belly.
“I understand. [Sympathetic Healing]. I promise, we will take care of them, brave mother.”
Ksmvr didn’t understand. It seemed as if Nsiia had used the Skill just as she’d tried. Until he saw Nsiia call for a dagger and help.
One of the [Druids] strode over, face bleak. They bent over the hyena and cut her open.
“What are you…?”
Ksmvr saw Nsiia reach down and heard a sound. A coughing whine. The Empress of Beasts lifted something up, turning to him.
A tiny hyena cub. Three, in fact. The [Druid] helped her rescue three out of four. Then save them because they were prematurely born. She urgently mixed milk with a healing potion. It was them that Nsiia had saved.
The mother was already dead. She had been before Nsiia called for the knife. Nsiia bore them away as Vasraf put the army into a desperate march, still by night.
Their pursuers were visible by the time dawn rose. Ksmvr saw an army, banging on their shields, blowing those strange whistles. Nsiia cursed them.
“Scaied. Someone’s hired the mercenaries. Vasraf, how did they find us?”
The [Wild General] eyed thousands of Scaied’s mercenary army. You could hire companies like Baleros’ endless outfits. However, in Chandrar [Mercenaries] were less common. Yet this was an entire empire you could hire. For a fee.
“I don’t know, Your Majesty. We should have been hidden. Perhaps magic? Or they sensed us another way?”
“Can we rout them?”
Nsiia demanded. Her eyes were flashing, but Vasraf shook his head.
“It’s too close. Moreover…look. Oisk Stingers. Sixteen.”
