8.48 H
Page 44
A soldier ran at Ksmvr, slashing, and he swung his sword through their blade. The warrior tried to dodge and Ksmvr leapt onto them. He was too fast to evade. He ran towards a rank of Scaied warriors, and swept his blade forwards.
Tiqr’s forces backed away, then charged into the breach. A huge shape tunneled out of the ground suddenly. An Oisk Stinger! It had been lying in wait. It stung—
Air. Ksmvr was already jumping. He was an Antinium. He had sensed the vibrations and landed on its head. The impact was heavy, but the arachnid was huge, tough, and its stinger was already drawing back as its claw snapped.
Ksmvr cut one claw off. The Oisk Stinger kept waving its appendage; it hadn’t even felt the pain. Confused, it snapped with the other pincer and lost that too. Then Ksmvr ran the blade through its head and swept it sideways.
A huge cheer went up from Tiqr’s forces as a sixteenth of Scaied’s monstrous war creatures fell in the first minute of battle. The other Oisk Stingers were whisked far clear of him. Ksmvr whirled—and heard applause.
“That is a sword worthy of a death-zone. You wield it well. But you are still awkward.”
Hscel Scarless appeared out of the battle without any blood on his blades. He had walked through both sides, dodging everything. Vasraf had aimed an arrow at him once; the Gold-rank adventurer cut it in half mid-flight. The [Wild General] didn’t bother after that.
“Hscel Scarless. You are a fellow adventurer. We do not fight. I was attacked while accompanying Empress Nsiia of Tiqr. This need not come to battle.”
Ksmvr straightened, his Forceshield in one hand. He put his third hand on his belt for his crossbow. Hscel smiled.
“You need not support Tiqr. Ksmvr of the Horns, is it? I have heard them call you Ksmvr of Chandrar. This is not personal. I do not fight for Scaied. Or against Tiqr. It’s just…a lot of gold.”
Ksmvr watched him, pacing left. He saw someone turn, slash. One of Tiqr’s warriors, hoping to help Ksmvr. Hscel didn’t even look around. He leaned over, and stabbed the warrior through her neck before her blade reached him.
That was…fast. Very fast. Ksmvr didn’t know if Pisces could have…Hscel shook his head.
“I’m not here to kill warriors. Back off! I tell you, Ksmvr, I will trade you your life for that sword.”
“That does not sound like a fair offer to me.”
Hscel grinned faintly.
“I know. But I thought I’d try. I’ll kill you for the bounty and that sword, adventurers or not. But I would like you to believe I’d only attack you because of the bounty.”
Ksmvr considered his words. The man sounded reasonable. Friendly, even.
“…How much is the bounty?”
“Two hundred thousand.”
“Ah. I would consider it too.”
Hscel laughed. Then looked at Ksmvr.
“I know you’ve made Gold-rank. But it was this year, wasn’t it? I’m fully Gold, Ksmvr of Chandrar. I won’t warn you again.”
Ksmvr hesitated. He opened his mandibles.
“Perhaps—Nsiia, don’t!”
Hscel’s head turned slightly. Ksmvr brought his crossbow up and fired.
[Aggregate Volley]! It seemed like eight of Ksmvr’s arms all unleashed their crossbows at once, a spread of bolts—all in an instant. Then he was leaping forwards, longsword slashing, Forceshield raised.
He’d placed each bolt in a pattern, so that they spread out. They shot into Scaied’s forces, going through warriors who fell screaming or missed and hit the ground.
Not one hit Hscel. Ksmvr leapt forwards.
[Quick Movement], [Quick Slash]—
