8.48 H
Page 35
Nsiia’s mouth became a thin line. Ksmvr spotted more of the huge scorpions. These ones looked like they had armored bodies, some kind of magical adaptation. Worse—some had two sting-tails, and their claws were dangerous weapons too.
“How dangerous are they?”
He kept staring at the little hyena babies the [Druid] was trying to save. Vasraf turned. He pointed.
“Our Grand Elephants are the might and fear of enemy armies. In battle, it is wise to assume an Oisk Stinger is a match for one of our Grand Elephants. Perhaps not as fearsome in laying waste to infantry—but they’re deadly and strong. Even Domehead couldn’t kill one with a single blow. Perhaps with your sword—”
He eyed Ksmvr. Then he turned to Nsiia.
“We move, Empress. That’s my decision. We can lose them.”
She nodded tightly. Ksmvr had no idea how Vasraf would do that; the armies were so close some of the [Archers] were exchanging ultra-long-range fire via Skills.
“[Battlefield: Dust Storm].”
Vasraf grimly pointed. At his words, the wind began to pick up. The jeering intensified, and Ksmvr felt the first sting of sand on his carapace. Tiqr’s army headed into the sandstorm without a word and Scaied followed, but warily, fearful of an ambush.
 
——
 
The hyena cubs lived. All three, and Rémi Canada was there to record when one finally opened its eyes and looked around for its mother. But at least it did live, and there were other hyenas and experts in animal rearing in the army.
That was the one good piece of news. The bad news was that Scaied was following them.
The dust storm raged for two days, surprising even Vasraf. His Skill was a wild card, as befit his class; he could only summon one, and climate often dictated the rest. Nevertheless, when they finally broke out of it, Scaied was close behind.
“They can’t have scouted us through that. They’re following us. Illivere too!”
The army of Magus-Crafter Femithian had been spotted, doggedly following at their slower pace. Now, a crisis had enveloped Tiqr’s army. Ksmvr had begun to suspect as early as Crafter Se; it was confirmed now.
“We have a spy. Or someone is giving away our position. Inadvertently or deliberately.”
Vasraf spoke calmly, but his gaze rotated to include Ksmvr, Rémi Canada, the Loquea Dree clan, Tiqr’s newly-joined citizens, and even his own warriors. Nsiia, inspecting the scratches on Domehead’s armor, frowned.
“Exclude Ksmvr from your suspicions, Vasraf. If he had not rescued me, I would not be here.”
“One can be deceived. It may be a spell or some other method. I am sure that, somehow, news is reaching one of our enemies.”
Vasraf looked pointedly at Ksmvr’s wrapped sword. The Antinium lifted it.
“I believed that this wrap would confuse its magical aura, General Vasraf. However, if I am at fault…”
The [Wild General] nodded.
“I will conduct an inspection. My [Mages] would have noticed if your sword was visible, but I may ask you to show us the bindings. Thank you, Adventurer Ksmvr.”
He rose. Nsiia murmured.
“And while he does that—I will talk to you.”
Ksmvr turned his head. Nsiia stood, and faced Domehead. The Golem sat there, only the paint on his armor damaged from his encounter with the Oisk Stinger. But Nsiia pointed at him.
“Domehead, I am not your master as Golems have them. You are different and I hold no command spells, nor do I know how, unlike Crafter Se or Femithain. Yet you are my…”
She hesitated, looking at Ksmvr.
