8.48 H
Page 33
“It is poisonous. I am most likely immune, but poison does not taste good. Nor is it very nutritious. If I was eating something. Which I was not.”
Nsiia eyed him, and then cursed.
“These damned things. I think they sense we’re here. Scaied is a haven for such vermin.”
“Technically, I believe they are arachnids.”
“What?”
“Spiders.”
Nsiia flicked another scorpion, this one pale and semi-transparent, and turned to Ksmvr.
“Don’t be ridiculous. They are bugs. Spiders look different. And spiders are a kind of bug, are they not?”
Ksmvr huffed.
“Spiders are very distinct, Nsiia. You see…”
The Empress wasn’t listening. She paced the ground, frowning. Now, Ksmvr saw no less than six scorpions in close proximity. Which was odd.
Scorpions, contrary to popular belief, did not go out of their way to pick fights with giant things that could squash them. Yes, they had stingers and would sting you, but Humans didn’t just run up to Giants and start punching them. Actually…given certain [Knight]-Orders, that was a bad analogy.
However, these scorpions did seem to be coming out of the ground. And heading towards one person. Nsiia saw Yinah bare her teeth.
“Yinah! Don’t. They’ll sting you.”
The cat backed off, snarling. Some of the hyenas, one of whom was gravid, yet had refused to leave even when pregnant, were also snarling, yipping as more scorpions appeared.
“Your Majesty.”
Vasraf calmly strode towards her in the mortal enemy of scorpions of this size. Boots. He calmly stomped some flat and looked around.
“I believe Scaied has noticed us. And it seems they are eminently hostile.”
“We would have had to fight them anyways. Hopefully it’s just pests.”
Nsiia frowned, though. Vasraf was just as wary, and it was as they broke camp and were heading south towards the monastery of Sottheim that one of the [Scouts] to their rear spotted a force.
“It’s far distant, Your Majesty. But I think I see…Illivere’s standards.”
“Femithain?”
Nsiia halted. Ksmvr turned back and saw Vasraf frown.
“Are you sure they’re bearing towards us?”
“Unerringly, General. They’re slow, though. The Golems are moving at a slower clip, but they won’t stop.”
“…Change course.”
Instantly, Vasraf ordered the army to zig left. However, they had only gone two hours when the [Scout] came back.
“They’re following us, [General]. I saw another Garuda in the skies.”
Illivere had zagged to catch up. However, Vasraf was equal to them. He conferred with Nsiia for her approval, and issued an order.
“[Army: No Foe Caught Us]. Full march!”
It was a Skill he’d picked up after Tiqr’s fall. Ksmvr saw Tiqr’s army speed up. They shot across the ground, moving at a pace that left Illivere’s army in the dust. However—unlike the famous King of Destruction or other high-level Skills, they paid for it.
Six hours of marching was not even a full-day’s effort, yet Tiqr’s army had to stop. Each person was issued a mere spoonful of stamina potion to fight off the worst effects, but the [Soldiers] dropped where they stopped for rest.
“Would that we had Flos here. His basic Skills can do almost as well without the backlash.”
“I will try to enlist the King of Destruction into the army if I ever get the chance, Your Majesty.”
Vasraf wearily traded jests with Nsiia. However, even with their exhaustion, Illivere wouldn’t be in range of them, even if they marched all day and all night. So Tiqr fell to resting.
Naturally, that was when they were attacked.
 
——
 
“Ambush! Ambush! Rally to the Grand Elephants!”
