8.48 H
Page 53
Klbkch the Slayer. Hscel stared at his opponent. An Antinium with two shining silver blades under moonlight. He slashed, lunging as fast as he could and missed. Someone slashed him across the leg and he cried out. Who was he fighting?
Ksmvr heard a voice. An answer to his question. But only because he already knew what he was being told, somewhere.
 ̶I̶ ̶a̶m̶ ̶s̶u̶b̶s̶t̶a̶n̶d̶a̶r̶d̶.̶
I am Ksmvr of the Horns of Hammerad. Though I was exiled, I have a good memory. I remember—
This.
Hscel slashed wildly. He couldn’t tell where Ksmvr was. He felt like he was fighting dozens of illusions, with no idea where the twin blades were coming from.
It was an echo. Rémi Canada’s camera caught what stirred old memories. In the Blighted Kingdom. In the Demons. In the Drakes who saw it, who remembered those old days. Even then, it had been a pale memory of the original.
You have never seen the original. Even this was a copy. But it was true. It was everything Ksmvr had ever been made for. And Nsiia knew it. So she shouted for him to claim it. His…
 
[Heritage: Silver Illusion – Conditions Met.]
[Skill School – Silver Illusion (Sword School) acquired!] 
[Skill—]
 
A blade pierced though Ksmvr’s face. Hscel felt nothing. The image vanished and he saw the silver blades flash.
One cut through his hand. A second slashed at his ribs and he screamed, trying to bl—
A second shortsword slashed through his elbow. The Gold-rank adventurer’s blades dropped along with his severed limbs.
He stared up as Klbkch the Slayer…no. His heir crossed his swords, shaking the droplets of blood off them under moonlight.
“Glorious.”
Hscel closed his eyes as he sank to his knees. He waited, defeated by that common story. Counter-levelling.
Heritage Skills. Nsiia was screaming in triumph. Ksmvr swept his blades down—
The final blow never came. Hscel looked up.
“What are you doing?”
Klbkch vanished. Ksmvr calmly picked up Hscel’s severed hand and arm and prised the fingers off the kris blades. He tossed the limbs back at Hscel—and they were already cloth.
“You are a Stitch-Man. I believe limb loss is not an issue, although blood loss is.”
“You’re not going to kill me?”
Ksmvr turned. Scaied’s army was fleeing, as they realized Illivere was not coming. An [Empress] with a sword, fit for a legend, led her army in pursuit. Ksmvr smiled.
“That looks quite appropriate. I told her I was not fit for the blade. No, Hscel Scarless. I am an adventurer. As are you. I do not kill fellow adventurers or innocent people.”
He hesitated.
“…Unless they attack me first or really get on my nerves. But I will be content to rob you of your blades. I have learned something.”
Hscel stared as Ksmvr turned. He shouted after Ksmvr.
“What if I come after you again? That trick saved your life! But you still have a lot to learn.”
“I know. I will be content not to kill you.”
The Gold-rank Stitch-Man stared after Ksmvr as he ran back towards Vasraf’s army. He laughed, and turned his head to see a giant Golem with a glowing domed head sprinting across the sands, pursued by Illivere’s army. A yowling cat was clinging to his head-dome.
Domehead had learned the art of duplicity. And running away. Hscel laughed.
“You belong with us, rookie! Ksmvr of Chandrar! Gold-rank adventurer! I won’t forget this!”
 
——
 
That was what they would call him. Ksmvr of Chandrar. And also—heir apparent to one of the last Centenium. Klbkch the Slayer.
Ksmvr of Two Trees. He and Nsiia rode into the next adventure, armed with a realization—his new Skill fit for his level.
Inherited.
