8.48 H
Page 12
She strode out of the waiting room without a word. She thought one of the two called something behind her.
“…luck…”
Yvlon almost laughed. She didn’t need luck. She didn’t…she stepped into the arena and saw tens of thousands of faces, shouting, screaming at her past magical barriers. Huge walls of weathered stone, a glowing, enchanted box where eager Stitch-Folk in regal clothing peered down at her.
Even a new giant scrying mirror, reflecting her face. Yvlon stared at a woman with metal arms, scowling up at something.
“I hate this nation.”
A second later, her lips moved. The woman’s eyes flickered and she looked down. At last, Mectail of Pomle opened his eyes. Across the long arena, the [Martial Artist] uncrossed his arms. He lifted the sword—then planted it in the ground. He looked at her, and Yvlon began striding towards him.
Did he think she was easy pickings? Did he expect her to play by some rules, like this was a game? Yvlon began striding forwards faster.
She had no sword. But in the projection, the woman’s silver arms began rippling. Turning to long blades. Mectail watched, eyes on Yvlon.
She sped up, her armor shifting as she began to jog then run across the long distance. She felt the weight pulling her down, but it was familiar. Not nearly as swift as Pisces or Ksmvr. But a charge, growing in momentum. No roar. She—
Yvlon felt her breathing intensify. Her heartbeat spiked. She thought she heard a voice. This time she didn’t reach for her Skill, but it activated anyways.
[Berserker’s Rage].
She barely noticed the fact that she hadn’t used it. Mectail’s eyes narrowed as the woman, already running at a sprint, suddenly moved faster. He heard the roar. Slowly, the [Martial Artist] moved. He held his hands out. Clasped them together, and bowed.
The woman never slowed. She didn’t even notice.
 
——
 
Vitte watched, anxiously, from her position with the other [Gladiators]. She knew Mectail was good. But he was up against a Gold-rank adventurer, and they were dangerous. Gold-rank was fitting for the Coliseum of Monarchs. And this one?
“Shit. I thought Mectail was taking it easy in this duel. What is that?”
Thexca stared at the opening attack. The woman, the one they called the Silver-Killer, slashed with one arm. It didn’t sound impressive; an arm was short. But what if you saw her arm lengthen, like some huge metal scythe, and slash outwards in a growing blade? By the time it came at Mectail’s chest, it was a long, thin blade, razor-sharp.
“Dead gods.”
The other [Gladiators] stared at that nervously. Especially those who weren’t Stitch-Folk. No—even the ones who were Stitch-Folk looked uneasily at that.
“That’s not a [Gladiator]. She’d murder everyone in range.”
Relladen turned to one of the others, who hadn’t been keeping up.
“She did that on her entry to the capital. Two dead. Someone else lost an arm.”
“Oh. That’s not—”
“Not Stitch-Folk.”
“I thought adventurers were supposed to do that to monsters.”
Vitte didn’t respond. She was watching. Mectail had taken one look at the slash and, rather than duck, leapt back.
Warily. And wisely. Because Yvlon’s second arm came up and a thin needle of silver jabbed out, a lance of metal that would have impaled him if he had been struck mid-duck.
“…That’s new.”
Thexca eyed the move. Yvlon’s arms began to flow back into shape. Vitte muttered.
“She doesn’t know how to use them right. Not perfectly.”
