8.48 H
Page 27
Then the Antinium went still. Rémi Canada looked left and realized there was something Ksmvr had never seen: a [Slave]. You could expect most people to at least understand. Ksmvr did not.
“…Give away our position.”
Vasraf concluded to an audience barely focused on him. His own voice trailed off. Nsiia was perched on Chance’s back. The horse was breathing hard, pawing the ground with a hoof. She nodded.
“You have made your point. Now I ask you, Vasraf. Do you truly believe we should leave our people to that?”
She pointed down at a [Soldier] angrily moving the people forwards. By hitting them as hard as he could with the butt of his spear. Ksmvr saw Vasraf stare down as he spat on a man. The [Wild General] sighed.
“I have two conditions, Your Majesty.”
“Name them.”
“Five minutes. [Claw Captain]—take your forces around, fast. Stealth-Skills once you leave my radius. Seelaw Ya, will your warriors commit to an attack?”
“I will give you eight.”
The Loquea Dree warrior saw Vasraf grimace. Nsiia turned and the First of Judgement nodded to her.
“Eight to the death.”
“Hit the archers. Otherwise, keep the skies clear, [Sky Strikeleader].”
One of the Garuda nodded. Nsiia turned to Ksmvr.
“Will you join me at the fore, Ksmvr?”
The Antinium looked at her. He stared down at the valley below, then opened and closed his mandibles, clacking them several times.
“—I cannot.”
“No? Do you see my people down there? I thought we were allied, Ksmvr.”
“That army is Nerrhavia Fallen’s. My companion, Yvlon, is their prisoner. If I am identified, and I believe I would be—I would not put her in jeopardy.”
The Antinium spoke uncertainly. Nsiia looked at him, but the army was moving. She whirled.
“Very well. I cannot argue with that. Domehead!”
The Golem moved. Nsiia pointed. Vasraf glanced up from his rapid-fire orders to see Nsiia point.
“You will stay with the archers. There. Protect the [Mages] and [Archers]. Do not move from this area unless Vasraf tells you to.”
Domehead began walking over to the spot Nsiia pointed, but his torso swivelled as she set herself with the [Riders]. Ksmvr watched as Tiqr’s army moved into position. Not a full encirclement; the commander was getting so antsy he’d stopped the convoy and had begun moving them into a defensive stance. Nor did Tiqr’s army have the patience for it.
Five minutes. The second of Vasraf’s two demands was this:
The [Scouts] approaching the lone warrior saw him dismount. They watched, waving him on and telling him to get his worthless flesh-body down so they could interrogate him. Then…they saw him climb onto something.
Something big. And invisible. The man scaled a rope that appeared out of nowhere. And then sat himself on…a giant, grey thing. About twenty feet tall. It had big, floppy ears, long horns, and a strange, trunk-like nose. Normally, the two wide-spaced eyes in the head looked almost cute, or at least as friendly as any animal got. This animal…did not look so placid.
It was glaring at them. The Grand Elephant raised its nose and blew a blast of air like a trumpet. Nerrhavia Fallen’s army turned just in time to see General Vasraf shed his Skill. He stood on the Grand Elephant’s back, put an arrow to his bow, and shot both [Scouts] through the neck. Then he pointed.
“For Tiqr’s children!”
Nsiia howled at the same time.
“Charge!”
