8.48 H
Page 10
“They grow overconfident. An example should be made.”
“Absolutely, yes.”
“No.”
Yisame subvocalized that. She stared at her [Royal Speaker], and the woman licked her lips. She spoke for Yisame. She was very good at keeping the royal throne from looking bad and steering the conversation. The trick was that Yisame could give her basic instructions, but you did have to trust your voice to convey your thoughts accurately. Normally, the [Royal Speaker], Issu-le, understood Yisame perfectly, in that the [Queen] did not want to have to deal with more problems.
In this case? She said the wrong thing.
“We do not find it suitable to mete out punishment for a single instance. Not when Tiqr takes arms once more.”
Yisame’s head turned. What did you just say? Issu-le, who had beautiful silver paint on her silk-skin, flinched slightly as she saw the glare from the throne.
No one else noticed behind the fan. The Court of Steel brightened up.
“Yes, Tiqr. The Antinium problem and the Empress of Beasts fled Illivere. Should we expect the lumbering Golems to catch up? The Magus-Crafter has already failed to keep her prisoner.”
“The garrison under Ste-General Hvcia…?”
“No.”
That calm voice came from an actual [General]. General Thellican, fresh off his victory in Tiqr, however bruised it had come. He hadn’t gone north yet, having already fought in a war. Nerrhavia did rotate its military leaders to spread experience and prevent them from burning out. Yet now, the [General] looked alarmingly keen. He bowed to the Throne of Logic and Yisame.
“I think I espy Her Majesty’s wisdom. If I may be bold—this knot is one of several in the region. Pomle has issued Nerrhavia with a grave insult. Similarly, Tiqr. Our ‘allies’ in the region prove incompetent, in Illivere, or untrustworthy.”
He was referring to Savere and the rhetoric played well. Yisame’s fingers drummed on her throne as Thellican turned.
“If one is to address the issue, let it be a single shear to cut through each problem. A single grand army, from the capital, to issue Pomle our wrath and curtail the Empress of Beasts’ rebellion.”
“Former Empress, General Thellican.”
Someone whispered. And the proposal was met with round approval. The [Royal Speaker], or rather, Yisame, had issued a suggestion that the Court of Steel liked.
But which Yisame hated. Issu-le wouldn’t meet her gaze. Not only was adding a third opponent not what Yisame wanted, she happened to know that Ksmvr was with the Empress of Beasts. Which was why sending an army…
“Subtlety. You hemp-headed idiot.”
Issu-le flinched as Yisame sent a scathing instruction to her earpiece, her earring. The speaker did her best.
“We are pleased to have such a loyal and capable [General], Thellican. Yet we consider a single needle enough to deal with minor issues. Thellican’s might may well be needed to deliver the final blow to Reim. Perhaps a lesser recourse?”
The [General] frowned. But his opponent, the Emissary of Cloth, smiled hugely, welcoming the moment to humble her opponent.
“Your Majesty, I am sure our Ste-General is able to quell Pomle and pursue the former Empress with his ample forces and allies in the region. We need not add to the expense with a bloated army to perform such a simple task, as I am sure the throne is mindful of.”
Yisame sat back, sighing. Thellican began to argue, but now that Yisame had reminded the Court of Steel of how much it cost to mobilize, send out an army, and so on, it devolved into another fight that she nudged in the Emissary of Cloth’s favor.
