8.48 H
Page 21
“Create. You see, all those present fight with very silly styles. Simple styles. Someday, Skills will create a different world than mere steel. Their fighting will do nothing because they do not understand.”
Domehead turned to look at Nsiia, wielding her blade with perfect economy of form. Ksmvr shook his head.
“It is only good if everyone fights as if they have limbs. As if swords move in three dimensions. Skills.”
He looked at Domehead. The Golem stared at him. Ksmvr remembered his audience, and frowned.
“You will never level. Therefore, you will never have Skills and never be able to fight thusly.”
He patted Domehead on the shoulder. The lights started to die in Domehead’s mind once more. Ksmvr paused. Then leaned in and whispered.
“…So you will have to learn how to wield magic itself like a blade.”
He patted Domehead on the shoulder and walked off.
 
——
 
That wasn’t recorded by Rémi Canada, Nsiia, or anyone else. Ksmvr rejoined the discussion on fighting just in time for Nsiia to comment.
“Loquea Dree has mighty warriors. Some of the most able I have seen, even your weakest. Tiqr does not lack for strong fighters as well. I cannot imagine our foes will exceed us on average.”
Ksmvr saw Leka Thri nod and Vasraf smile. He stared at the warriors fighting, honing their talents every morning before they continued their journey into the Empire of Scaied. He spoke, calmly.
“They are very acceptable for average [Soldiers], Empress Nsiia. But I must take offense with ‘mighty’. Loquea Dree is average. True blademasters will threaten all of us. I have not yet observed anyone with the abilities to match even a partial master.”
He said it so politely and matter-of-factly, as if it were not an insult, that it was twice over. Nsiia’s head rotated slowly.
“You speak very boldly, to insult every warrior in front of you.”
Ksmvr looked at her, astonished.
“I did not. I merely spoke facts.”
Vasraf and some of the other warriors looked at each other. They came closer, folding their arms and frowning.
“Do you claim to be an expert, Ksmvr?”
“No. I am substandard. I have reiterated that point many times, Nsiia.”
She was smiling dangerously.
“But you do have the gall to tell me that every warrior present is merely…average. Even Loquea Dree?”
Leka Thri opened his beak.
“Who is superior to our abilities? Your team?”
Rémi Canada had come over by now, and he swung his camera towards Ksmvr. For the first time ever, the Antinium visibly hesitated.
“…Comrade Pisces is a fine duelist. Yvlon is a highly talented Gold-rank adventurer. Yes, they are quite good at fighting. Pisces is…superb for his age and class, especially without Skills.”
Nsiia’s wrath had been growing. Suddenly, it abated, and she raised her eyebrows high and looked at Vasraf.
“Really. And how good is your friend, Yvlon? The one with the arms, who beat an Adult Creler?”
Ksmvr opened and closed his mandibles.
“She is…good…and exceptionally direct.”
Nsiia opened her mouth, hesitating. Leka Thri, of all people, turned to Ksmvr.
“As an adventurer. How amazing is your Comrade Pisces, Ksmvr?”
The Antinium brightened up with relief.
“He is one of the most superior [Necromancers] to ever exist. You see, he has not only ignored the prejudices of flawed judicial systems of law, but he also trained himself in swordsmanship at a basic proficient level as well as becoming a strong [Mage] and [Necromancer]. His insight and…”
He went on like that for a while. But it was fascinating, especially given his penchant for how he talked about his companions. Nsiia frowned.
