8.49 M – Revised
Page 26
Well…Mrsha had a different perspective on what you ‘were allowed to do.’ But Fetohep was already departing. Except that Feshi had interrupted.
“Your Majesty, if I may…I wonder whether you might do me a favor. One that may benefit glorious Khelt.”
He reformed himself out of the collapsing grains of sand, raising one eyebrow on his emaciated face.
“How intriguing, Feshi Weatherfur. It would have to be something desirable indeed, for my time is limited.”
Feshi was bowing, but she had a glint in her eyes.
“Yes, Your Majesty. But I hope you might agree it is of interest. It’s…”
She began to speak, but then the Gazer cast a spell and Mrsha couldn’t hear! She strained forward, kicking at Vetn and Tesy’s hands, but they were too—
“Hey, where’d that Minotaur go? I’m up for round two! I’m not dizzy at all. The world’s just tilted a bit.”
Lehra stumbled past them. She stopped as a little Gnoll froze and was yanked off her paws by two adults. Lehra glanced back as Mrsha waved her arms frantically.
“Oh, hey, what’s this?”
“I like this! I love this!”
Mrsha slapped her magical gemstone and held up a card.
Autograph, please!
Lehra looked at the card, then burst out laughing.
“Why not? Who am I writing it to?”
Mrsha nearly wrote her own name. She hesitated, had an agonized moment, then scribbled.
“Ekirra? Is that your friend? All right. To Ekirra…my biggest fan! There! Hope you like it! Now, where’s…?”
Lehra winked at Mrsha. At Mrsha. The Gnoll wanted to ask her how she found the Blade of Mershi, if she had ever considered an apprentice, if she—but Lehra was already heading back to her group. Mrsha clutched the autograph, tucking it into her bag of holding. Ekirra owed her huge for this. He was almost as big a fan as she was.
Fetohep of Khelt was already disappearing. Lehra hurried over.
“Hey, you’re Fetohep, right? Can I ask…?”
The undead monarch swiveled his head.
“No. I shall also add, Lehra Ruinstrider, that the halberd is a superior weapon. You may wish to improve your training.”
He paused. His features began to disintegrate as the sand fell back, dissolving. But he got one last word in.
“Train at all, that is.”
Then he was gone. Lehra stood, cut deeper than she’d been by the blows she’d sustained in the brief sparring match. Suxhel looked at Feshi with great respect, and Yerra hugged her friend.
“Feshi, you mad Gnollwoman! You genius! Do you think it’ll happen?”
“Let’s find a scrying orb.”
Feshi was grinning with delight. Mrsha stared at them as Vetn muttered to Tesy.
“If Qwera hears that Mri nearly…with Lehra, our ears are toast. Let’s get out of here.”
The Drake nodded nervously, and they scurried away, dragging Mrsha, who was trying to cling to the ground.
Not that it mattered. Countless Gnolls and onlookers took this moment to flood forward, to ask, to be part of the moment—after the moment had passed. Lehra was also the right person for Mrsha to ask for an autograph, because of all the keen-eyed, intelligent, sharp people here, she gave no thought to a little Gnoll who uttered suspiciously few words and wrote her requests down.
It didn’t matter. It was all fine, and Mrsha was being spirited away by Vetn and Tesy, kicking and struggling, as Feshi turned. There were more acquaintances coming their way. Just a morning’s incident during the Meeting of Tribes.
“You can play on my phone all day, Gire. I promise.”
“You promise? Did we miss the fight?”
Two voices entered the conversation, drawing nearer. Feshi’s ears perked up. She smiled, spotted the group, and beckoned over two friends.
“Inkar, Tkrn! You won’t believe what just happened!”
