8.49 M – Revised
Page 1
Feshi wasn’t tall by her people’s standards. Humans remarked on it, as did Lizardfolk, who were quite short until they became a variant of Naga. Feshi had white stripes mixed with russet fur, and that normal pattern of Gnoll fur was changed again by colorful patterns of yellow, blue, and even hints of green or purple. Mostly the first two colors, patterned on her arms.
Weatherfur’s Gnolls were more colorful than most you’d find at the Meeting of Tribes because they had access to plentiful dyes and loved to apply them to their fur. They didn’t come out with water, so Feshi only had to reapply them once a week. Plus, she wore long earrings, two links of beads dangling from her right ear—none on her left. That had a meaning too, although it was only here, at the Meeting of Tribes, that she wore them.
Earrings could be torn out in battle, so she had wisely removed them in Baleros.
She missed the Titan’s Academy. There she was a student among peers. Here?
“Honored Feshi, the Chieftain is meeting with Gaarh Marsh’s Chieftain and Shaman regarding what should be done about the Drakes. Do you wish to join your Aunt? We shall escort you if so—the Meeting of Tribes is hectic.”
One of the [Guards] addressed her, with even a slight nod of the head. Honored Feshi. She grimaced.
“I do not wish it just yet, no. Thank you.”
He bowed his head to her. Feshi cast her eyes around. The Great Plains of Izril looked beautiful by dawn, as light changed the color of the grasslands. Golden dawn’s light dripped over the landscape, like an inkwell slowly spilling over a world of green. It was not monochrome like the steppes, but had a bounty in plants fighting with the grasses, medicinal herbs, magical seedlings, forests and lakes—all interspersed across thousands upon thousands of miles.
So few cities, and only on the border of this land. It smelled like cooking, all the busy scents of a camp, hung mints and other odorizers to eliminate the bad smells from outhouses and such, but if you walked just a little ways out there, you would inhale a hundred different things, from Corusdeer herds to little rodents–this was home and Feshi usually smiled.
But she caught the sour note in the air where people dwelt. A lingering memory of anger—and anger was a smell, unpleasant, harsh. Anger and…she turned and looked around.
“Has anything else interesting happened?”
One of the other [Guards] snorted.
“Beyond fights and arguments all night? Everyone is finding out whether they have any magic and waiting for the Chieftains to make a full decision. Tempers are tense—but I would say ask your friend Honored Yerranola. She is breaking her fast there, yes?”
He gestured toward one of the mess tents and Feshi gave him a nod of thanks. She went in that direction, but it was a sign of who she was that they asked her and would have even taken her orders. Her parents? They were a [Gatherer]-[Fletcher] couple. Her parents were completely enamored with Wil, Venaz, Peki, Merrik, and Yerranola.
The two had a lot of respect in the tribe thanks to her. But it meant…well. Sometimes it felt like she was the responsible one, for all they had jobs. She could give their Chieftain advice, though at least Chieftain Torishi would take it as merely advice.
Here was a stupid fact that none of her friends had understood but that explained everything about Feshi’s complicated position in her tribe: the [Guards] had referred to Chieftain Torishi Weatherfur as Feshi’s Aunt. Which was completely true, and Feshi did use that term, and they were indeed close.
