8.49 M – Revised
Page 14
The other Gnoll yelped, redid her loincloth, whirled around, and took off. Chieftain Iraz stared at the stain on the side of Mrell’s tent. The Chieftain of the Demas Metal tribe had his face in his paws.
“Why are two Gnolls from the Sofang tribe peeing on your tent?” Iraz asked. He recognized the markings of a distant coastal tribe. Mrell didn’t have the heart to answer.
“Hey! You two!”
One of the camp [Guards] finally noticed the two intruders and chased after them. The two Gnolls, one of whom was exactly Mrell’s age, shook her fist back at Mrell.
“Take that, you worthless furball!”
She fled with her companion. Iraz peered at Mrell, trying to hide his amusement.
“I take it you two know each other?”
“She was my partner. We had a falling-out. I’ll…make a formal complaint to Sofang.”
“I shall as well. Disgracing a Chieftain’s tent…”
“It’s complicated, Chieftain Iraz. She has a right to be—upset. Perhaps she’ll stop.”
Hugely embarrassed, Mrell led Iraz to the blacksmith’s tents, where they could finish their talks. Yes, that was from his past. He cursed running into Prha here. He wanted to just move on. But here they were.
Mrell turned his mind back to Demas Metal. That was all he could focus on. His great gift to Gnolls and the world.
It was all he had left. If he could go back in time, he would have saved what mattered. But he couldn’t.
 
——
 
Feshi was beginning to happen upon an idea, but it wasn’t concrete. She passed by some of the [Merchants] trying to buy and sell goods. Especially some of that Demas Metal, although most pieces weren’t sold as such; they were gifts.
But it could damn well change the world.
It was how two tribes saw value. Demas Metal put its faith in a change in the market, metallurgy; a new metal. Ekhtouch? They believed in one over all.
Gireulashia, a [Paragon] of her kind, had bested a Manticore in under five minutes, and with less than three blows taken, just as her Chieftain demanded. What could she have done if she had been equipped with Demas Metal?
Despite both amazing achievements, Feshi noticed something. There were no scrying orbs here. Rather, they were all showing images of other places. Wistram News Network had broadcast a few views of the Meeting of Tribes once and left it at that.
And that was because Gnolls and Wistram had been feuding, and Gnolls were insular, and so on and so forth. Yes, yes.
It did not mean that there were no non-Gnolls here. Look at Yerranola. Look at the truly intelligent [Merchants], [Traders], and emissaries who came here. Just…no movers and shakers.
“I’m sorry, none of it is for sale. Chieftain Mrell of our tribe sells it—but no pieces for non-Gnolls.”
“Oh, come on, now. I’m a reputable [Arms Dealer] across Izril and Baleros! This is your chance for your tribe to break into a huge market!”
An upset [Merchant] was trying to badger a Gnoll [Smith] into selling some he’d been letting passersby try out on practice dummies, but the Gnoll didn’t move. Feshi sighed. Apart from Demas Metal’s politics, she was bothered by how the [Merchant] was speaking to the [Smith].
This is me, doing you a favor. No wonder the Gnoll wasn’t receptive.
“I tell you what. [Name Your Price]. Just do it. Name your—”
The [Merchant] resorted to another bad but understandable idea. Which was using a Skill. The Gnoll [Smith] stiffened, and his mouth opened as he held out the shortsword he had been holding back. Which meant he’d have to sell it if the [Merchant] met his price, probably at a high markup.
