8.49 M – Revised
Page 54
And what could Mrell say? He looked at Mrsha.
“It is not that, Chieftain Torishi.”
“Really? Then what?”
Qwera looked straight at Mrsha, bending down to whisper.
“Mrsha, are you all right? Did he do anything? Or are we gutting him?”
Mrsha shook her head, but she didn’t know…
Mrell looked at Mrsha. He looked at Prha, who was shocked, unable to process it all—the tense Gnolls, Tesy with his paintbrush held in a threatening manner, Torishi’s intense readiness…and then looked down at his paws.
He still held something. A crumpled bit of paper. He stared at it…then, without a word, held it out. His paw shook.
Torishi frowned. But she stepped forward, took the paper, and read it. The Chieftain of Weatherfur stared at the words.
“I hate cursive. What does this…?”
Her brows furrowed together. She looked up at Mrell, twisted her head to Mrsha. It was not a hard thing to put together, but the message needed to be understood. Then she got it. She nearly dropped the bit of paper.
“Oh.”
Qwera didn’t know what Torishi now knew.
Ysara was here, and she had none other than the Demas Metal blade aimed not so casually toward the very Chieftain who made it. What a funny coincidence. Ha. Ha.
Qwera addressed the child.
“Mrsha, tell me what happened. Why are you shaking? Ysara, get ready to stab him.”
Qwera was watching as the little Gnoll child wrote. Trying to explain. Trying to encapsulate all that had happened in such a short amount of time.
Mrsha looked up as Torishi sighed. Slowly. Painfully.
“Lower your sword, Merchant Ysara. This Gnoll is not…an enemy. I think.”
Mrell looked up as Ysara hesitated. The woman raised a brow, but for answer, Torishi passed her the bit of paper. Feshi walked over.
You couldn’t understand until you saw the clue that put it all together. But the paper was one of the fastest ways to get it. That, the message…Mrsha felt her shoulders shaking. She heard Feshi muttering, a gasp.
“Who are…? You mean…?”
Tkrn and Inkar walked over.
Gireulashia arrived, striding through the knot of guards like a giant. One drew their blade on her, and she flicked it out of the warrior’s grasp.
“Peace! Ekhtouch is here to help. Where is the girl? What’s happening?”
She stopped, spotted the paper, read it backward through the transparent paper in Torishi’s spotlight, and looked around.
“Hm. You and you.”
Gireulashia looked at Mrell and Prha. She seemed pleased with herself…then realized she was going to have to wait for everyone else to catch up. She tapped Inkar on the shoulder and whispered to explain.
“That’s this girl’s…”
Lehra Ruinstrider barreled into the tent a second later with Suxhel, who did the same trick, immobilizing a guard before they could block her with one huge eye. The rest of her team slowed, but Mrsha heard none of the explanations, the chatter.
She was trying to write something to Qwera, but she couldn’t. She saw Torishi walk back toward her and crouch.
“Mrsha Silverfang? Or is it…Mrsha of The Wandering Inn?”
Tkrn must have told her. She had it wrong. It was Mrsha du Marquin. That was all she wanted, though she could do without the ‘du’.
That was all she wanted. And now…Mrell was looking at her. Prha was beginning to reach out but was held back by a wall of Mrsha’s friends and protectors. Torishi glanced at them.
“I take it you two have never met.”
“Chieftain Torishi. The story is…”
Tkrn gasped loudly.
“He’s the father who got exiled? I thought he was dead!”
Mrsha flinched. Inkar looked at her, then instantly she and Lehra stomped on Tkrn’s feet. Gireulashia raised her foot as well but decided against it.
