8.49 M – Revised
Page 50
She couldn’t hear. She would not hear. Mrell bent down. Desperately, he made a gesture.
Listen?
No.
Mrsha tried to run left, but he was too quick and was blocking the way. He stopped her. The Gnoll man took her arms and tried to pry her paws from her ears. Mrsha began to kick at his groin, and he held her up.
“Stop it. Enough! I know you have every right to be angry. Let me explain.”
He had both her arms in his grip! So Mrsha twisted and kicked him in the chin. He dropped her with a cry of astonishment. [Relc Kick]! Relc—
He went to grab her again, and she tore a wand from its hiding place under her fur and aimed it at his face. Mrell’s eyes widened, and he ducked as a single arrow of stone shot past him. It hit the wall of the tent, but the thick fabric only tore a bit upon impact.
Chieftain Mrell dove sideways, wide-eyed.
“Magic? How—?”
He went to tear the wand from her paw but then yanked his paw back. Because Mrsha had just slashed at him with a huge, sharp thorn protruding from her paw. She snarled, slashing, and he took a step back.
They were frozen like that. With one paw, Mrsha menacingly waved the thorn she’d conjured. She dropped the wand to fumble at her side.
Mrell was unmoving, watching her. He saw the little girl fumble for her belt pouch. Her hands were trembling because she was so angry, but when he tried to move, just a bit, she slashed at the air.
She’d drawn blood. A slash across his shin was leaking red into his fur. Mrsha ignored it as she dropped something on the ground.
Mrell saw the little girl spilling an assortment of strange objects. Crumpled paper, a roll of parchment, a bottle of ink, a quill…she grabbed the quill and unstoppered the inkwell after two tries, all while holding her other paw out. She wrote as fast as she could, but so neatly. So…well.
In a cursive script. It was a laborious process that took nearly five minutes, handicapped as she was by one paw. But what she finally threw at him—or tried to—was a single slip of paper.
Paper didn’t fly. Mrsha had to blow on it, then crumple it up and toss the small wad at Mrell’s feet. She glared at him as the Gnoll hesitated. He bent down and unwrapped it as she edged sideways.
He read the beautiful calligraphy, albeit in smudged ink on crumpled paper.
 
I have no father. I have a mother, and her name is Lyonette. Leave me alone, stranger.
 
Mrell stared at the piece of paper, then the girl moving for the exit. Mrell spoke, and now it was without hesitation, desperate.
“We—didn’t know what to do. We thought you were dead at first because you never cried. You couldn’t. You howled—but the [Shaman] thought it was ill luck.”
She had been about to leap past him. Mrsha hesitated, every muscle tensed. She looked back at him, eyes wide.
What?
“Prha and I were young. I was successful. Rising in the tribe. We didn’t know what to do, and the [Shaman] suggested—there is a custom.”
What?
“I was a fool for even dreaming of it. But we did. Almost. Urksh found out right before it happened.”
The words spilled out of Mrell like a confession. Not one Mrsha wanted to hear, but she heard it, as if it were filling the air with poison. Faster and faster.
“He cast us out. Me. Your mother. The [Shaman]. A few other Gnolls who went with us—I never went back. Your m—Prha and I split up. We couldn’t stay together. Not after that. I only met her later. I was wracked with guilt. I was. But I didn’t deserve to go back. I became a wanderer, took up smithing. I founded this tribe.”
Mrell pointed at the ground, at the tent.
