8.49 M – Revised
Page 15
But it was a bad idea because every other Demas Metal Gnoll and others who’d heard the Skill being used were looking around very unhappily. Feshi wondered if she’d watch the [Merchant] and his nervous bodyguards being dumped out of the Meeting of Tribes in a wheelbarrow.
However, the [Merchant Armsdealer] was saved from being beaten senseless…by someone giving him a knee to the stomach. Feshi winced in sympathy. There seemed to be a lot of that going around.
“[Belay That], Merchant Equed. You know better than to force a sale. Especially when every Gnoll in the Great Plains will beat your caravan senseless and take the blades back. You’re tactless. Please excuse him.”
The [Merchant] doubled over as someone pushed him over, cancelling his Skill. Gratified, the Gnoll [Smith] bowed to the woman.
“Thank you. I’m afraid the Demas Metal isn’t for sale. Not to—”
“Non-Gnolls. Which I quite understand! Might I try holding the blade, though? I haven’t had a chance.”
“Of course.”
Merchant Equed was pulled back by his bodyguard as he spluttered in outrage, but Feshi saw someone pick up the blade and then—Feshi turned—execute a marvelous cross-cut technique. Even the [Smith] was impressed, having seen a number of [Warriors] with varying levels of expertise try the blade.
“You have a fair hand with it, Miss Human.”
A woman with colorful hair tossed it back and laughed.
“Thank you! It’s a bit heavier than I thought, but it feels wonderfully balanced. Can I try that trick with the oil?”
“Of course. Hey, bring the pot over!”
The strange female [Merchant] dipped the blade in the pot and admired the odd oil-coating on the Demas Metal blade.
“I know people who would buy this just for that effect. You could sell little toys to children! I want some.”
The Gnoll opened his mouth, but she raised a hand.
“Yes, I know. No non-Gnolls. Well…would your Chieftain consider selling to a Gnoll? Another [Merchant]?”
The [Smith] raised his brows.
“I don’t see why not. He has many meetings at this time, but surely so.”
“Would he entertain an offer for a thousand pieces? Because I will back that price. And that’s just my order. Hey, Qwery! Look at what I found! And I just got here!”
Ysara Byres raised her voice and raised the blade overhead. And in answer…
Feshi glanced over and went momentarily blind as the most glittery Gnoll in the world whirled and dazzled everyone in a display of light off her golden fur.
The Golden Gnoll of Izril herself descended into the Meeting of Tribes like a lightshow—not a performance, but her caravan had come in and was in the middle of unloading. She strode over, ignoring the looks from other Gnolls.
“Ysara, what’s that?”
“Demas Metal, Qwera. Apparently sold only to Gnolls. But I want some. I think it’s a marvelous metal. I’ll have to put it through its paces, but I have a good feeling about it.”
“If you have a good feeling, I’ll buy it. And sell it to you at, oh, a 5% markup. How could you get a better deal? You can’t.”
“What if I threaten to kill you?”
Ysara held the blade out across Qwera’s throat, a bit teasingly. The Golden Gnoll gave her a grin that showed every tooth.
“Then you can get 3% off the regular sale. This Demas Chieftain can sell to me, and I’ll sell to you. You can take your half to Chandrar and stay out of my business.”
Ysara narrowed her eyes.
“I hate you. Well, let’s find this Chieftain. Just as soon as I do a few more tests with this. Does it work on anything other than oil?”
