8.49 M – Revised
Page 18
He paid for some delicious-looking dough-fried meatballs in a small container and got an extra-large one for himself. Tesy and Mrsha began to gobble theirs, using a little toothpick to pop them into their mouths.
“Hey. Why’d you get more than us?”
“Because I exercise and deserve more food.”
“I paint all the time!”
“That’s your arms.”
“And my brain! You know how much energy this thing takes?”
Tesy jabbed his head repeatedly. Vetn muttered under his breath.
“Not much.”
Tesy looked hurt as Mrsha nearly snorted meatball out of her nose. Vetn elbowed Tesy.
“I’m joking.”
“I know…so give me a meatball.”
“Hey! You have yours; I have mine!”
It was amazing how outraged the Thief of Clouds could be about someone stealing one of his meatballs. Tesy rolled his eyes.
“Fine. Have one of mine. He’s going to sulk all day if you even steal one.”
Mrsha, who had been eying the big basket of meatballs, had been contemplating the very same thing. She saw Vetn glowering, but Tesy poked a meatball from Vetn’s own basket and pushed it at him.
“Here.”
Vetn chomped it down. Tesy went for another of Vetn’s snacks, and the Thief of Clouds slapped his claw down. They were having a good time. Mrsha beamed. She tapped one of the runes she’d been given.
“This is fun!”
Vetn and Tesy glanced down at her. The prerecorded message was in fact a little Gnoll girl in the city they’d left who, in exchange for some coin, had happily recorded all the lines in a song crystal, the kind Qwera sold.
“It is. Vetn, I don’t understand why you uh…left.”
The Thief of Clouds gave Tesy an angry wide-eyed glare, and Mrsha recalled that he’d actually stolen something from this very place. Vetn gulped down more food.
“Is that Velrusk free? No? How much for o—two? A silver and…? All right, fine. Two, please.”
He sipped from his drink as Tesy took one with delight. Mrsha reached out for one and glared when it was clear that she was not going to be the benefactor of either. Tesy snagged a cup of goat’s milk for Mrsha, which mollified her.
“I left because I have better things to do than eat and stare at things all day. Which is what happens here.”
“I thought the most important Gnolls made big decisions.”
Vetn sniffed.
“Maybe the Chieftains do. I haven’t heard it changes that much. At least—until recently.”
Mrsha thought he was a fool. A damned fool! There was food and drink that was delicious, plus amazing Gnolls—she knew the legend of Garsine Wallbreaker, and she had been right there! And a [Performer]! And some Gnoll had been poking a Manticore with a spear! And she was huge! And there was Demas Metal, which she was going to buy. And, and…
And she was here. She had been so worried and afraid for a long time, ever since Wer had taken her from the inn. Ever since Belavierr. Mrsha was still nervous, so she made sure Tesy held her paw, even as they moved along. Vetn had to juggle two mugs and his own snack tray. She knew this was a dangerous place, but she had Wer’s fur dye and Qwera’s gold disguise on, and she had the speaking crystal so no one thought it was strange that she was silent.
She was very proud of her brown color. She’d asked specifically for it to be the same brown she used to be when she was growing up, but as an added bonus, she’d had Qwera and Tesy help her do a very Plains Gnoll thing, which was apply the markings of her tribe.
