8.49 M – Revised
Page 58
Mrsha’s wand—well, the wand she’d stolen from Pisces, but technically he had given it to her later—rose into the air. It produced a green-yellow light, like blossoms in spring. Torishi looked up and smiled as the tendril of light grew upward, like a plant. She called out as she and Feshi lifted Mrsha to their shoulders.
“Look upon this child of Weatherfur! Look and know the truth of it forever! Let them never lie! Never shall we forget this injustice! Never!”
Some Gnolls took up the call. Others just looked at Mrsha, many with tears in their eyes.
In the distance, a Gnoll, a Chieftain, stood and saw the distant girl. Chieftain Mrell’s eyes fixed on her. Right there. So far away, yet so close.
A little Gnoll girl. With a shining light from the tip of a magic wand.
She gasped, and he heard it in that quiet moment. A small intake of breath, wondering.
Mrsha du Marquin looked around, and there they were. So many faces smiling at her. For having magic. Despite everything that had happened, as she sat there on the two shoulders, she felt it. A beautiful connection with everyone here. Mrsha looked at Tkrn, at Vetn, standing next to Tesy as the Drake painted the scene and showed it to Gireulashia, who was leaning over to watch, and Lehra waving Suxhel’s wand and grinning.
She was among her people. Mrsha breathed out. And then she finally saw it.
Gnolls, a group of them, pushing through the crowd. Led their way by a pointing Gnoll. One of them cried out and began running, pushing other Gnolls aside, racing toward her. Mrsha felt herself being lowered, and she ran forward so Krshia could sweep her up in her arms and kiss her and hug her properly.
That was how Mrsha found Krshia. That was her first day in the Meeting of Tribes.
That night, she ate with Krshia and Feshi, who were listening and reading the notes she passed around, as Vetn clammed up about his real profession and Gireulashia played with Inkar’s iPhone, listening to ‘computer’, ‘movie’, and ‘inn’ with ears that twitched.
But everyone listened, putting together a story to bind all other tales together into one, connected by a common thread. And though there was much more that happened that was good—and she knew she would have to see Mrell again, and there was more to worry about and do—for today, this was enough. Mrsha fell asleep in Krshia’s arms.
Not before she had done one last thing, though. One last super-important thing.
She sent a simple [Message] this time. No games. No plots. No cursive. It had one recipient, and it was something only that recipient would understand. To Lyonette, in Oteslia, her daughter wrote:
 
I’m here. Find me with everyone, Mother. I miss you.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Thoughts: 
There exists a guidebook of grammar rules. I believe it’s Perdue or something. It indicates, among the many rules, that you should end quotations with punctuation inside the quotation marks. Like ‘I write like this.’
…It is disgusting, I refuse to do it, and I will not bow down to the tyranny of some random people who sound like a weird cheese you put into a fondue telling me how to write. Similarly, I do other things that are not grammarly correct, but are my style.
Ahem. All this to say that I felt bad when Barbara got her edits back to me, because the one thing I did have to disagree with in her first draft was her notes on dialogue. And that’s my fault because I have not told any of the three editors that I use a stylized dialogue with no tags. That’s not her fault; it’s on me and I’m going to remember with those in the future.
