8.49 M – Revised
Page 37
Tails and Scales, the beautiful bar that had seen grief and desolation, but rallied. Pallass’ most famous bar no longer looked empty. It had been cleaned top-to-bottom, re-varnished, and the perfectly-worn seating inviting you in hadn’t been touched, but the menu and bar had been reorganized. It looked like it was waiting. For new and old customers.
For a new start. Yet only one person had rented it today. The Drake sat amid style, yet had refused to let anyone light the place up. He looked like the last customer after midnight into dawn, hunched, a single [Bartender] in the background.
He had a curious drink in front of him—one named after him. A strong spirit with a floating ice cube of sour liquid. If anything, it was impressively calculated. But the most impressive thing was that Rufelt hadn’t spit in Chaldion’s drink.
Chaldion of Pallass, the oldest Drake Feshi had ever seen, raised his glass slightly. Akrisa stiffened. Torishi glared, and the other rulers murmured. Someone clearly whispered in Desonis’ frame.
“Who is the Cyclops of Pallass?”
Everyone was silent as Chaldion slowly lifted the cup to his lips. He took a sip; no wine bottle was passed around here; it was long empty, and two more had already been decanted and passed out anyways. He spoke in his low, gravelly voice without even the pretense of looking happy to meet everyone.
“Hail, salutations, and so forth. Need we stand on ceremony? Or shall we retread evidence? Let’s begin.”
His eye patch was off, and a bright cloudy white gemstone eye stared at the audience before he calmly lowered the bit of cloth back into place. He never flinched as he met every gaze—his peers’ gazes ranging from hostile, impartial, and curious to amused.
If there was anyone who could defend the Drakes, Feshi had to admit, it was Chaldion. She might have done the Walled Cities a favor. The Dragonspeaker of Manus might have tried diplomacy. The Serpentine Matriarch would have certainly lost her temper, and Fissival was too close. Salazsar, a [Senator] from Pallass…but Chaldion was a [Strategist]. Did he see a [Path to Victory] here?
But here it was. Feshi sat back, shaking, as Yerranola massaged her shoulders and gave her a hug.
“You did it. There we are.”
Gnolls. They were in the Meeting of Tribes. Akrisa’s frame was moving, showing the Meeting of Tribes, Gnolls who wanted to get a word in. Very clever, that. Had Krshia thought of it? Finally, the world was doing what it should. Focusing on the Meeting of Tribes, rulers debating what had been done. Laying it out. Passing judgment.
Was it real? Was it just glorified attention with no real effect? No—for once, Feshi believed that this would be drama colliding with reality. Consequence meeting news and artifice. She bared her teeth.
“The Professor had better give me a good grade for this one.”
She was sure that, if he could see this, if he was alive—somewhere—he was watching all this, swearing that he wasn’t part of it.
And…laughing.
 
——
 
There was a war going on across the television networks. A war, but no amount of [Soldiers] would save you, no relics. Countless Drakes and Gnolls and people around the world watched a brutal battle in which the enemy was gutted and left to rot.
But what an unfair war! [Messages] were storming Wistram—only a fraction of them read—complaining that people had no voice. Which was always how it worked. But the Drakes, as a species, were accused of having manipulated magic and having suppressed the Gnoll population for generations.
