8.49 M – Revised
Page 4
“Hyperbole, Feshi. Underbole, or whatever you call it.”
Yerranola pointed around the communal area, showing Feshi damaged stalls, denuded of goods and treats for sale, trash on the ground, torn fabric. Feshi could smell a bit of blood, alcohol, and the remnants of adrenaline—which was a smell, just as fear was.
Gnolls had been fighting. Of course they had—the news that magic had been suppressed by the Drakes for countless years tended to rile people up. But they had no concrete proof. Only the giant crystal that everyone knew was probably part of Fissival’s ancient teleportation network. The Drakes denied that it had any connection to the problems the Gnolls were having with magic or anything else.
Feshi, like every Gnoll at the Meeting of Tribes, wasn’t in the mood to have a nice discussion about it.
“It could be war, you know. Did you hear anything like that last night?”
Feshi had been up late, talking with Torishi about what it all meant. Yerranola shrugged.
“Hotheads howling about it—I’d be more worried about what your Chieftain thought.”
“She’s not pleased.”
“No. I thought she’d be high-fiving Drakes left and right.”
Feshi snorted at Yerranola’s dry look.
“She doesn’t want war. At least not all-out war. Weatherfur has too many ties to Drake cities. She’s all for putting it to Fissival, but if one Walled City fights—”
“The rest gang up and kick the Selphid out of you?”
“That’s how it goes. There are enough tribes here to fight every Walled City, but if other Drake cities get drawn in—”
“All-out war. Right. So what are we doing, stopping the war or getting ready?”
“I don’t know. I’m mad as a…as Venaz, Yerra. But I know what the Professor would say. Bide your time, wait for vengeance if it’s appropriate.”
“Mm. So why don’t you join your Chieftain and say that to everyone?”
“Because she can say it. She doesn’t need me. Anyone who listens to Weatherfur will listen to her.”
Yerranola skipped around a little Gnoll staring at a scrying orb with a group of others. They were watching as Drassi introduced two Gnolls on the orb—an Elirr of Liscor and a Gnoll of Pallass—to discuss the magic-suppression incident. Feshi wanted to listen, but Yerra kept them moving onward. She was glad they were getting magical coverage on the television, though.
“And we’re back to looking for worth again. All right, I see what you mean. You want to be special. Hit the Chieftains from the other side.”
“They’re not my enemy.”
Feshi snagged a stick of free goat’s meat since her stomach had stopped smarting. She gnawed on it, savoring the bite, and thanked the Gnoll minding the booth. Yerranola tapped her chin.
“Hit them politically. Where do we start?”
Feshi swallowed.
“Well, that’s easy. The most important Gnolls in the entire Meeting of Tribes would be the ones who can sway minds. And they would be…”
Ferkr of Pallass, Grimalkin’s apprentice; Krshia Silverfang, and Akrisa Silverfang. Yerranola knew the way to their tribe’s camp as well as Feshi.
When they got there, they found a sea of Gnolls all thinking the exact same thing as they were. The [Guards] at the Silverfangs’ camp were keeping a wave of them back, all of whom wanted to talk to the Gnolls in question. A Chieftain broke through the throng.
“Daemonbane’s tribe to see Silverfang’s Chieftain and Krshia Silverfang!”
The [Guards] let them through. Yerranola and Feshi watched as the Gnolls were admitted, the Chieftain and a small retinue. Yerranola shielded her eyes, smiling cheerfully.
“Well, there’s the Silverfang camp. Who’s Daemonbane? That’s not a Gnollish tribe name.”
