8.49 M – Revised
Page 22
“They have the ones that make you move super fast and make copies, right? What was yours? The necromancy dagger?”
“Yes.”
Feshi winced. There was a reason she wasn’t proud of the dagger. Gnolls did not like necromancy. Something about, oh, a certain Necromancer killing one of their beloved Chieftains, a general dislike of the undead, and so on.
Yet Lehra was fascinated. She held up the glowing armguard with the gem, the Blade of Mershi.
“This is my artifact. I can make it turn into a dagger. Well…I have to transform, then it turns into a dagger. Want to see?”
“Er—maybe later, Honored Lehra.”
Feshi was conscious that they were attracting a crowd. But now Lehra was staring at the hilt of the Diamond Dagger of Serept.
“Can I see the dagger? Do you die if you touch it?”
“There is a curse. I don’t think it’s on anything but the chest…here it is.”
Feshi drew the Diamond Dagger, and Suxhel’s eyes focused on it. Lehra oohed at the beautiful blade, and Yerranola smiled, but painfully. She had sacrificed the most of all of them for that adventure—and yet not one of the blades had gone to her. Feshi gave her a guilty look, but Lehra was already asking for another favor.
“You can summon the undead with it, can’t you? Would you mind summoning one for me? I want to know how strong it is.”
“Lehra, you’re being rude.”
Suxhel’s voice was stern, but Lehra didn’t let go of things easily. And to be honest, Feshi was tempted.
How strong is one of the undead compared to a Named Adventurer of Lehra’s level? It was the kind of battle data you’d rarely get. And if it meant a favor or two? Slowly, Feshi raised the Diamond Dagger.
Gnolls broke off from watching the scrying orb and stepped back. Yerra stepped toward Feshi, supporting her friend.
“I will summon one. Everyone, stand back. Lehra, are you sure?”
“I’m sure.”
Feshi hesitated, then said the words Fetohep had taught her. Which one…?
“I call upon the defenders of old! From Khelt’s vaults, from the lands of the dead, a warrior to do battle in my name! Come forth, champion of forgotten fame!”
She felt silly, holding the dagger slightly up, reciting the ostentatious-sounding summoning oath.
Yerranola sniggered.
“You’re going to have to practice that, Feshi.”
The young Gnoll woman’s cheeks burned, but then a hole opened in the ground. Gnolls raced away and pointed as a perfect circle opened, a chasm of blackness ringed by a dark circle of black magic, like the Diamond Dagger itself. And out of it rose…
Glowing blue eyes. A face of bone—not a Human’s but, of all things, a Minotaur’s. Ancient armor but still burnished, glowing faintly white. A long halberd with a wicked edge.
The Skeletal Champion rose, ascending out of whatever place it had been summoned from. It looked like a creature from stories or nightmares, but it was not malevolent. Not to Feshi. If anything, as it looked at her, she felt guarded.
Here is something that will die before I do. Feshi sighed in relief. And she realized she was the only one to do so.
Every Gnoll in sight had frozen at the appearance of the Skeletal Champion. A dread had come over their faces, and Yerra grabbed Feshi’s arm.
“Dead gods, Feshi! It’s terrifying!”
It was just a skeleton in armor. But Feshi realized—seeing that even Suxhel had readied her staff, though she knew the skeleton was under Feshi’s control—they were not seeing what she was.
