8.49 M – Revised
Page 30
Someone had recognized Mrsha’s face, as Tkrn had, though it was only possible for someone who, like Tkrn, knew Mrsha. Who could see past the painted gold ears, past something as transitory as the color of her fur, and look at her face. Her features. Even her build, her eyes…and hesitate. And recognize her.
Mrsha was unsure how she had been saved. She looked up, and someone recoiled and breathed out a single word that no one else heard, and it made her start. It was just a word. But the one holding her knew it.
“Mrsha…?”
Recognized. Not because she had brown fur instead of white, although that helped. Because that was how she had looked, once. The eyes stared down at the markings. The markings of a tribe…
And that was how, through many coincidences, an adventure, a flight, travails, the bravery of friends, and her own luck and determination, her parent finally found her, though it had taken so long and it had nearly been too late. At long last, her father finally found her.
Mrsha stared up into Chieftain Mrell’s eyes, blankly, and wondered why his face seemed so familiar.
 
It all began to draw together.
 
——
 
It began with Fetohep of Khelt.
You needed Fetohep of Khelt for it to work, even if you had a great idea like Feshi’s. She was arguably in the right place to make it happen.
She had seen variations; she had studied with a master at grabbing people’s attention—the Titan himself—but even so, she didn’t have a chance without Fetohep.
Because of two things. First, once you had Fetohep’s approval, you had his expertise in making things happen. Monarch of eternal Khelt he might be, but he did not like waiting around.
Second? Fetohep of Khelt was a name to respect, especially now. When you had Fetohep’s name, you had—paradoxically—a fairly neutral party, but one that made everyone sit up. They could ignore Feshi, even if they recognized her name. They could rebuff Chieftains, depending on how much they respected Gnolls.
But Fetohep? His name opened doors. And he was part of what Feshi was trying to create. Or, rather, in this case, what she was trying to re-create. Which was why he’d agreed, of course.
Drassi’s segment in which she cleverly gave Gnolls and a few Drakes a voice on the contentious issue of magic suppression had been going strong all yesterday and today. But it was suddenly, abruptly, and instantly cut short. She had five seconds to interrupt the interviewee, Wall Lord Dragial, her most controversial speaker yet.
“I’m sorry, Wall Lord, I’m being told we’re being kicked off the network. Stand by for—I have no idea—”
Feshi was hard at work, still, practically shouting into a speaking stone. Multiple stones.
“Yes, this is Feshi. Um, in the Professor—that is, Niers Astoragon’s class? I’d like to speak to Professor Perorn on a matter of great urgency. Or Commander Foliana! It’s highest priority.”
“Strategist Feshi?”
The [Mage] was surprised but agreed to relay her request. Feshi breathlessly spoke into the next stone; sweat was dripping down her fur.
“Yes, if I could put in a [Message] for His Majesty? No? Okay…Yerra, call another!”
“I’m trying. Most don’t even want to hear it. Hey. Priority [Message]. That’s right. It’s me—Yerranola. What do you mean you don’t know who I am? I got poisoned by a giant blowfish!”
The Selphid was arguing with a [Mage] on the other line. But then the scrying orb lit up.
