8.49 M – Revised
Page 31
It began. It was simple. Iconic. Despite not being ready—no, he must have anticipated that, because Fetohep began the process in order to help Feshi complete it, if that made sense. He had everything Niers would want in a student. A flair for the dramatic, an understanding of how to move people.
The ruler of Khelt appeared, eyes flashing dramatically, in a world of blackness on the scrying orb, replacing Drassi. His eyes shone bright gold, and his undead features were alarming. He sat there on his throne, with his great throne room as the backdrop, poised, a goblet hovering by one hand.
He sat there as Feshi and Yerranola turned, astounded. He was in the scrying orb, but not full frame. Rather, he was in only part of the scrying orb—the center, but his image was small, as if someone had shrunk him into that section.
Why? Well, the first thing that sprang to mind was that they were looking at a picture-in-picture, as they were when the commentators showed a battle but wanted to have themselves in the background. Or…Fetohep conjured this because he had been there, the one other time this had happened.
He just sat there, patient, eyes dancing with golden flames, unmoving. With such poise that even his fellow undead rulers had to give him a grudging seven out of ten. He didn’t move. Said nothing. And that was more fascinating than anything he could have done, especially since the audience wondered if someone had made a mistake. In which case, this was even better.
His silence only lasted a few minutes. Then someone else appeared, in another part of the blackness.
A square of light opened into the world, and there stood a figure surrounded by stars and the whirling ether of magic. It was an impressive effect, yet he, like Fetohep, held still. But he was not undead, so the impressive figure, the Half-Elf with white hair and mismatched eyes and shimmering robes, spoke.
“It appears we are early.”
One of Fetohep’s brows arched.
“Indeed. Grand Magus Eldavin, I greet thee in the name of Eternal Khelt.”
The Grand Magus inclined his head.
“From the halls of Wistram, I offer you the aegis of magic, thou immortal scion. So long as sand shifts, let not Khelt’s deeds slip away. For every grain of sand called Khelt, every breath of air and drop of water is magic and Wistram’s blood.”
He never wavered in the address. There was an infinitesimal pause, then a sigh. An approving sigh.
“Ah. Now, that was worthy of a magus of Wistram. We are well met. Greatness conducts itself with due dignity.”
Eldavin’s lips moved upward in a ghost of a smile.
“On that, Your Majesty, we may well agree. I believe the next to arrive will be one of the Chieftains. Whom else may Wistram expect?”
Fetohep lifted a finger as the audience began to catch on. Casually, he captured the floating goblet and sipped his ethereal drink.
“That would depend on the discretion of one Strategist Feshi Weatherfur, who requested my presence. I believe we shall not wait long, although it would not become me to let fellow attendees wait without refreshment. Grand Magus, will you take a vintage? A bouquet of any vineyard in the last thousand years, perhaps? I shall teleport it to Wistram directly, if the delay does not distress.”
The Grand Magus stroked his beard.
“Though Wistram has fine wine cellars, I confess that if you had a bottle of Gelath’s Depths—a genuine Drowned Folk vintage from around a hundred and three years ago—I would be quite able to teleport it here directly.”
“I believe so.”
“Then I am in your debt, Your Eternal Majesty.”
Fetohep smiled.
