8.49 M – Revised
Page 59
I also feel bad, sometimes, because when I write these edited chapters, I’ve felt like I’ve flipped a coin. Either it needs huge work and substantive edits on a plot/narrative level like Interlude — Pisces or it has really good bones like this one and Erin’s chapter.
I don’t write a ‘meh’ chapter, I guess. But each editor has done something rather different and this time, I was introduced to an amazing line edit job. I don’t know if that’s the term, but if you looked at the original chapter and this one, I think you’d find more differences on a line-by-line level than the other two chapters combined.
It had to be at least a thousand comments, I think. So many that when I uploaded it to Google Docs, it actually started crashing the browser. It was a huge amount of work and I wonder if you’ll see the changes because I think it tightened up prose and changed comprehension immensely.
Which is a lot of what I learned. More than anything, I have a problem with a staccato narrative and I sometimes forget to clarify when I write for like 7 hours straight. That’s…honestly something I don’t think I can fix on a first draft, but I will keep it in mind. And that’s why editing is so useful.
A huge amount of effort, such that I think that this kind of chapter would go really well with someone like Andrea reading it in audio because it’s just improved. Tightened up, things fixed. Except for the names. Nothing will save Andrea from Klbkchhezeim. Or Nalthar…Nath…I’m going to introduce his cousin, Androitixc’uleoum-adus.
The point is that I found that I could ‘trust’ Barbara’s edits, which was really good given how many there were. Signs of a good editor is that you can re-write in my narrative style, which she did. I was very pleased to work with her! However, I think the process had to be a killer for both her and me—I spent four hours going through the edits and I cannot imagine how long it took to write.
More than anything, this is what I want for a chapter that matters. And I think this chapter does matter. I hope you agree, and also remember—I wrote this exactly one week ago. This was fast editing, and good stuffs. Get an editor. Maybe don’t pay them at a contest rate. I hope you’re now looking forwards to the next edited chapter—they make me push harder and I think they’re all some of my best. Thanks to Barbara, me, and me and Barbara and not you because you didn’t write this or edit it. But maybe thanks for reading.
–pirateaba
 
 
Unedited Chapter and Cover Letter are combined in the following link.
Password:
aThousandChanges
https://wanderinginn.com/2021/10/27/8-49-m-unedited/
 
 
Lyonette by quenesu!
Twitter: https://twitter.com/qenesu

 
Fetohep by Dr.replig8r!

 
Imani and Palt, Elir and Hexel, and more by ArtsyNada!


Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/illudanajohns/
Ko-fi: https://ko-fi.com/illudanajohns
Commission info: https://i.imgur.com/OmNDuK8.jpg







                                         
 

