8.49 M – Revised
Page 52
Prha whispered. Mrell jerked—because he had not expected that. So did the girl. But then Mrsha moved, made the thorn disappear, and rubbed at her left ear. Because it was itchy.
That broke Prha out of her trance. She looked at Mrell. Then she cried out.
“Mrsha—?”
The girl flinched. But she looked at the two adults. Two parents. Someone else’s parents. Slowly, she brought out the object she’d reached for. Looked at Mrell. That Gnoll woman.
“I can protect you.”
What audacity. What a terrible twist of fate. Mrsha was shaking. Her ears were filled with the sound of blood roaring, and she saw Prha saying someone’s name. She looked at Mrell, then lifted something.
Her wrist. Both Gnolls looked down and saw Mrsha pour a single drop of something onto her wrist, onto the fur there. From a little bottle Qwera had given her and told her not to use unless she needed to change something.
It sank into her brown fur, the fur she had had all her life, which she had inherited from those two. And, before all three’s eyes, the fur on her wrist changed color. The brown of the forest turned pale. Then white.
Pure white. Prha stared at the patch of white on Mrsha’s arm. Then she recoiled.
“Doomb—”
She stopped herself. Mrell himself stared at the white patch. Mrsha looked at them. She covered the spot with her paw.
“Mrsha, wait. We’re your—”
Mrell began. Mrsha whirled.
Too late. She ran. She ran, and a second later both her parents burst out of the tent after her. The Gnolls of the Demas Metal tribe saw a little girl running, racing into the Meeting of Tribes, as fast as she had ever run. Away, away from these impostors and this lie.
Away.
 
——
 
Revelation. Chaldion had spoken and put into motion an inevitable event. Nudged it in the direction he thought would be best.
The tribes were full of voices. People stood around, stunned, arguing, disbelieving. They barely noticed the little Gnoll girl racing through the midst of them—until a Chieftain and hundreds of Gnolls followed after her.
At first, she just ran. Away from that thing. Then she ran for someone she knew, anyone. But she didn’t know this place, and she was terribly afraid that she’d run into a hunter.
“Get her! Grab her!”
She heard Mrell’s voice. Desperate. Afraid. For her? She didn’t care. Even knowing the danger, she didn’t want to be anywhere near him.
But it seemed that more Gnolls had heard and seen the chase and were coming after her. She dodged left as someone whirled.
“There! That one!”
Someone dove for her. She saw an adult warrior. No. Mrsha leaped over him, and now she was fleeing for her life.
Another tribe had found her! She looked around for the one thing that would keep her safe. Silverfang. Or the Golden Gnoll. She had to find them.
“That girl. Grab her, on the Chieftain’s orders!”
And it was not a Demas Metal Gnoll who spoke, but another warrior from another tribe. A stranger. Mrsha ran left, wide-eyed. This was her end? She looked around for that glitter of gold. She saw something bright. Golden. Was that…?
No. Not Qwera. Mrsha desperately raced past Gnolls forming a wall and signaling others who joined in. She raced left, saw she was headed for another tribe’s camp, and saw more Gnolls running to block her in. She frantically spun around.
“There she is. Get—”
Mrsha leaped as someone raced toward her. She bounced, pushed off a chest, and vaulted over the Gnoll’s head. For a second, she did a flip through the air, just as Wer had taught her. The [Grasshopper’s Run]. She strained, though she had not the Skill. Fly. Back to her mother. Let me l—
