8.49 M – Revised
Page 38
And it was an ugly battlefield for them because they looked incredibly guilty, and popular opinion was part of this war as much as fact was. Also, Feshi had chosen her battleground and set it to the Drakes’ disadvantage.
Of course she had. She had invited one member of their population, two Gnolls…and a bunch of species and nations across the world who had every intention of being fair. Which meant they were probably not going to take the Drakes’ side automatically.
One defender. One Drake had to take on everyone else, defend his species’ actions—the magical crystal that just so happened to be there, and then, when destroyed, let Ferkr cast magic. You could make a stupid argument—and the Drakes had—that it was coincidental, Gnolls casting magic. That it was correlation without proof of causation. Gnolls might have been able to cast magic before that shiny rock was destroyed. How can you prove it?
Well, that kind of argument played well in a sympathetic crowd, but it got the Drakes slaughtered here. Grand Magus Eldavin proved that in the opening salvo. He adjusted some reading spectacles, held a scribed [Message] out like it was a bug, and spoke.
“I see a ‘Sir Relz of Pallass’ has the courage to dignify this twaddle with his name. Regrettable, that. How can we ‘prove’ the two are linked? Perhaps with something as simple as our minds, you imbecile. I do not need to prove every single thing beyond a shadow of a doubt. If you breathe, you can infer there is air. Arguing for complete proof is a child’s gambit.”
He burned up the [Message] with a flick of his fingers.
“Furthermore, I, as Grand Magus of Wistram—and I will call upon no less than four Archmages to lend credence to my words if you like—declare that the magicore crystal located underground, as observed, was, to the best of my knowledge, generating a magical suppression field. That is my testimony as magus, bolstered by the historical fact that Fissival has long had a network of such stones buried across Izril.”
Earl Altestiel raised an eyebrow.
“You could make the argument that, er, someone else buried the stones to implicate Fissival, Grand Magus.”
“Under Az’muzarre’s nose?”
That sneering remark came from Chieftain Torishi. Eldavin—he was in charge of giving those who asked for it time to speak—looked at Altestiel. The Earl bowed slightly to Torishi.
“I wouldn’t hide a single [Archer] behind an excuse that foolish, Lady Chieftain. But I am speaking for all hypotheticals.”
Eldavin conceded the point.
“We will consider it. But I will say, in my opinion alone, that the rest of these ancillary arguments are idiotic and should be ignored.”
The half-Elf swept back toward Chaldion, who had been silent as those ancillary arguments, sent in by Drakes, were laid out. The lone Drake with a perspective had merely grimaced when some of the really stupid arguments were read.
“We’ve set the stage, debunked foolishness. What say you, Grand Strategist of Pallass? Will you deny this, as some of your people do?”
Yisame was in full sway, fan open, expressing her opinion by expression even when it wasn’t her turn to talk. The Grand Strategist sat there, his one good eye glinting as Izril held its breath.
How could he defend the Drakes? How could he explain this? When Chaldion spoke, he revealed why they called him the Cyclops. Like Tulm the Mithril, like the Titan.
The Drakes’ great monster.
