8.49 M – Revised
Page 0

It is a terrible thing for a child to exceed their parents. It probably happens to most children, if only in terms of physical strength or something as vain as beauty—when the child eclipses the adult. However, sometimes it becomes even more painful than that. The child accomplishes something truly extraordinary, and then their parents reveal they are not the all-perfect, superior force, but flawed people.
Even if you love them. No, especially if you do. The worst thing is when they see it that way and treat you like…something else.
She had known that feeling for a while. It was stronger now than ever, and not deserved.
“I have not done anything amazing yet.”
Which was an arrogant statement in itself, because she hoped she would. She dreamed of it, longed for the chance, and feared she had missed it—feared it would never come again. That she was famous now? It felt…undeserved. Borrowed fame. Illusory.
She turned the weapon around in her paws, a killing edge on a beautiful handle. She was deathly afraid of it, but she had already cut herself once with it by accident and her flesh had not mortified; her body had not begun to rot. Perhaps, as the owner, she was immune to its effects.
Nevertheless, there it sat. A strange, eerie metal formed seamlessly into a translucent blade, so fine and deadly it could cut through every material she had tried it on. So thin, glittering like someone had stolen a shard out of midnight.
Diamond. An onyx-colored blade, but not onyx in nature. One of the world’s most valuable minerals, smelted or forged somehow into this dagger. It would be a weapon worthy of any [General]. Yet it was more than mere ornamentation.
If she put the little carved sigil to her ear, Feshi could swear she heard it whispering. She told herself it was nonsense. But the Diamond Dagger of Serept did contain…
Souls. If she called for them, they would come. Great warriors, long deceased, guardians of Khelt who would protect and serve anyone who bore the blade. More than that, the edge could corrupt any wound it caused. Those struck dead by it would rot away and rise as Ghouls in service to the master. She had not known that last part until she had been told, and it made her fur crawl.
Here was a dread blade. Here was a weapon worthy of a warlord leading a legion of darkness. Yet it was hers. Hers and not hers; it would return to Khelt after she died, as she had promised. But she owned it, and it was hers because of her adventure at sea. But it wasn’t hers—not really. It was Wil’s. She had tagged along on their grand adventure, following his map. She had won this dagger entirely by chance.
It’s just more proof you’re meant to be the greatest Weatherfur of our generation. So her parents had claimed. They were beyond proud of her. The [Strategist] who attended the Titan’s Academy on scholarship. The genius of their tribe.
Feshi Weatherfur turned the dagger over again, then put it back in the magical sheath custom-made to hold it. She rose from her tent, festooned with books, maps, gifts, possessions—a yurt just for her. An honor for someone so young.
Everything was an honor. Feshi shook her head unhappily as she emerged from her tent. She looked about and saw some of Weatherfur’s guards spot her.
