8.49 M – Revised
Page 35
Pheislant’s [King] had done his best and was among the last to arrive, mainly because he had made the odd, and unfortunate, choice to array his royal court around him. They looked impressive, waiting upon his regal words. But so many people had to stay in frame, and you could see them fidgeting, coughing, or whispering every time the image changed to them.
Nevertheless, Pheislant spoke, whereas Ailendamus was too late to join in. And the last Terandrian was…
Queen Geilouna of Desonis, who arrived third to last. And after so many impressive entrances, it seemed she could not upstage any of them; even Pheislant looked good. However, she had some of Foliana’s genius. Or Orjin’s madness.
She appeared, legs folded, reclining horizontally on a royal couch, a slice of cake on a plate in one hand, a fork in the other. On top of the couch rested one of her cats, idly staring at the people. And there, by her feet, was a sweet little Sariant Lamb, who made adorable eyes at the camera.
Fetohep, Tulm, and Eldavin stared so balefully that the little lamb fled, shivering, behind the couch, mewling cutely. It kept poking its head out, stealing the focus, until Earl Altestiel nearly kicked it accidentally as he stood behind his Queen. Because he was naturally in the frame. Queen Geilouna lifted one hand, lazily.
“Hail. Desonis rests with me. I wonder, shouldn’t you all find a seat or somewhere delightful to rest? I cannot imagine this will be a short discussion. I would love some wine, if it’s being offered. Would anyone like cake?”
Geilouna waved her fork at Eldavin, who was standing, and at the Dullahans and others. That was almost as charming as watching the Earl of the Rains sweep a bow to Perorn and Foliana.
“May I trouble you with a compliment, Lady Foliana and Strategist Perorn? I am a deep admirer of your campaigns and of the Titan himself. I hope you will remember me to him?”
Foliana muttered.
“Mm. Sure.”
“A greeting to you as well, Earl of Desonis. I have heard of the war commander who strikes like a storm.”
Tulm inclined his head a touch frostily at the Earl, who begged his forgiveness for the slight. The others were chattering, sometimes together, sometimes apart.
“Yes. An invitation to any Chieftain and tribe! Nerrhavia welcomes thee!”
Yisame tried to raise her voice, speaking to the Chieftains. Meanwhile, Pheislant’s King had the misfortune of speaking to Fetohep and Jecaina, because Fetohep was in a nostalgic mood.
“…And while Pheislant’s spires of light no longer exist, murals still stand of that great edifice. So for war, victory. For wave, smoothest sailing. For sky, clarity.”
Fetohep was reminding Pheislant of their glorious past, and their [King] was trying to signal his court to find him a [Historian] who could remember the fallen lighthouses rather than the ones that had been around here forever.
What a magnificent disaster. What a triumph! But the audience members, who were already on board with this gaggle of personalities and places, were not to be disappointed by the last two to arrive.
After all, when the second-to-last frame was filled, it was no ordinary monarch who appeared. No ordinary monarch could lift the ax that sat next to her throne. She wore no crown. Nor was her throne made of anything but simple carved stone.
Yet when the King of the House of Minos stood, she silenced all.
