8.49 M – Revised
Page 46
Older than Erin and definitely older than Lyonette, but younger than Relc. That was how Mrsha thought of it. A Gnoll man out of his true ‘young man’ years but as young as Chieftains got.
He had brown fur, like trees in a forest, and ears that were forward and a bit pointy. Mrsha thought they looked familiar too. His eyes were brown, like every Gnoll’s. No odd rings or quirks. But they were wide.
When he spoke, his voice was a growl, and sometimes he slurred his r’s a bit more than usual, but he enunciated with care.
“Are you…Mrsha of the Stone Spears tribe? Child? Girl? You—I know you.”
He hesitated. Mrsha had hold of her speaking charm. She raised one arm to cover her mouth, pretended to cough, and triggered it.
“No.”
He started. Oh, how he jumped! He did not expect that, but then he stared. He crouched, slowly, at the other end of the tent, near the flaps.
“No. Did you say that? Please, say it again. Are y—do you know me?”
His voice was so strained. Mrsha bit her tongue.
“No.”
Again, she hid her mouth. Chieftain Mrell squinted.
“You’re not saying that. You can’t be. Not unless…it’s not coming from your mouth. What is that?”
Mrsha bit her tongue. Darn! He was a Gnoll, and his hearing was too good. Even a Human could probably have understood where the voice was coming from with this much scrutiny. Yet…
“I’m Mri. Hi. I have to go. Excuse me.”
This time, he saw that her lips didn’t move in sync with the ‘voice’ coming from her speaking stone. He straightened, slowly.
“It is…”
Mrsha glanced around the tent. She could run. She could tunnel under the tent if she had to—and Qwera had given her an emergency wand. Heck, she could howl and probably receive help if he didn’t stab her within five seconds.
Why did he look even more afraid of her now? This Chieftain Mrell hesitated, took one step forward and two steps back. It seemed to Mrsha that if she could but speak, he might bolt for the hills.
There was a funny feeling in her stomach. Chieftain Mrell was speaking. He kept starting, stopping. Mrsha stared at his face. Was he handsome? Nah. She didn’t care, and that wasn’t it. His ears. Now, where had she seen ears like those?
“Please, listen to me. You’re from the Stone Spears tribe. You’re…Mrsha Stone Spears. Your name is Mrsha. Did you change it to Mri? When I heard there was a white Gnoll named…I’ve met Gnolls named Mrsha. I didn’t think of it. I didn’t want to think of it. Stone Spears is dead. They were wiped out.”
He knew her tribe. Mrsha’s eyes opened wide. She stared at him. This time, without opening her mouth, she touched one of the runes.
“Yes.”
Mrell jumped. He went on after a second, swallowing.
“Th—your Chieftain was Urksh. Chieftain Urksh, [Mining Chieftain]. He was in his sixties. A good Gnoll. He had a scar along his chin here. He was Chieftain of your tribe. He…raised you.”
Yes. Yes. Mrsha’s chest began to hurt. She remembered Urksh. Oh, it felt like it had been every day she cried and remembered him. When had she begun forgetting? When had she stopped thinking of him every second?
She was exactly who he said she was. It came back to her, living along the High Passes, being scolded by Urksh, going hunting, the tribe moving from place to place. And then had come winter, and out of her boredom had come the most interesting person ever. A young City Runner, rescued out of the snow, followed by Winter Sprites…
Then disaster. Goblins.
“Stone Spears died. A Goblin Lord’s army wiped them out. Almost all of them. Zel Shivertail fought the Goblin Lord, but they all died there. That’s…that’s what I heard. From the last survivors.”
