8.49 M – Revised
Page 23
Terror ran around the gathering. Lehra had gone still; the young Named Adventurer had stopped her excited wavering about. Now her eyes locked on to the Skeletal Champion’s, and a smile played over her face. Confidence. A challenge. She took a breath, then lifted the arm with the armguard over her head.
“My turn. In the name of the City of Stars!”
Then there was light. A blinding flash, as the Blade of Mershi’s gemstone glowed. It covered Lehra—and transformed her. When Feshi stopped shielding her eyes, there Lehra stood.
A figure covered in the strange metal of the Blade of Mershi from helm to tail. A Drake’s tail armor—scaled, flexible, stronger than any other armor. And in Lehra’s hands were a longsword and shield.
She saluted the Skeletal Champion. Yerranola gasped, and her grip loosened on Feshi. The horror of the undead seemed to have been blasted to pieces by the Stargnoll’s artifact.
“Hey, Feshi.”
“Yeah, Yerra?”
“That’s how you use your artifact and look good.”
“Well, come on, you undead—uh—thing. Let’s see how good you are.”
The Skeletal Champion had not taken Lehra for granted. It had readied itself subtly as she used her artifact. Now its head turned, and Feshi got the sense it was waiting for her. She hesitated, then waved it forward.
Instantly, the halberd swung down, and Lehra tensed. But the long-dead champion of Khelt did not attack at once. Instead, the Minotaur champion saluted Lehra in return. The Stargnoll’s eyes widened, then she raised her sword and swung the longsword down, readying herself.
A second later, the skeleton leaped forward, and the Named Adventurer brought up her shield. The first impact sounded like a gong ringing through the Meeting of Tribes. Then they began to fight, and Gnolls spread out to watch a Named Adventurer doing battle with Khelt’s champion.
“Three gold on Lehra!”
Yerranola was the first to speak, as the Gnolls pushed out to create a very respectable semicircle around the amazing battle.
“Six on the skeleton.”
“Suxhel!”
Lehra yelped, then ducked a two-handed swing from the halberd. She dodged back, rolling to avoid another swing. The Minotaur whirled his halberd, and she blocked a swing.
“Uh—he’s strong.”
Indeed, the Skeletal Champion was swinging the halberd around, and despite Lehra’s magical shield and armor, the impacts were making her stagger. Still, she ignored a blow that Feshi thought would make Venaz fall over and lunged in with her longsword, stabbing. Against which the undead warrior spun his halberd, deflecting her sword with the shaft, then drew the blade back. Lehra spun left, swearing, as the tip of the halberd nearly struck her from behind. Then—the tip of the deadly shaft swung up in a precise chop under her right armpit.
“Chieftain’s fur!”
Lehra blocked it with her shield and moved back, trying to get out of range. The halberd began to stab in a flurry of thrusts as the pike on the end aimed at her.
“[Deflecting Slashes]—whoa!”
The first blow skated off her armor, even though her Skill knocked six previous strikes aside. Feshi blinked. Had she just seen the undead warrior…?
She had. He cut a dizzying zigzag in the air. So fast that Lehra threw up her shield, and a cascade of magical sparks or conflicting energies flew upwards. The Minotaur brought down a two-handed chop, then turned it into a horizontal cut halfway down, feinting so well that it caught Lehra by the side and tossed her several feet, though it never broke her armor.
“Lehra! Stop—”
“No, I’m fine! This guy’s sort of tough. I’ve got him.”
