8.49 M – Revised
Page 25
“My displeasure is not that the tools of Serept are being used for frivolity. He would…enjoy their usage, I think. Rather, it is a disservice to the great soul of this warrior to pit him against such an amateurish foe, even if she’s armed with a relic of her own.”
Lehra kept fighting as the figure appeared, summoned by the power of the diamond blade. Feshi saw the last glittering piece of the puzzle slide into place in her head. But for a second, she was just standing there, wordless. The Gnolls were frozen by this casual display of great magic.
The Stargnoll kept fighting for a few seconds until she spotted Fetohep of Khelt in the sand. Her guard lowered, and she blinked.
“Hey, is that F—”
The halberd caught her on the side and threw her, spinning, fourteen feet, where she crashed into the crowd. She lay there for a second before springing to her feet.
“I’m okay!”
 
——
 
And there he was. Larger than life! Mrsha’s mouth was open so wide she could have eaten one of Erin’s cakes whole.
Fetohep of Khelt! He was speaking to Feshi, who was bowing, holding the diamond dagger out. And there, at her side but unharmed, thanks to her armor, was Lehra Ruinstrider! The Named Adventurer!
Mrsha’s heroes. Gnoll heroes. People she’d seen on the scrying orb! Feshi, Yerranola, Lehra—
Can we get closer? Please?
She had to hold up the card so Vetn would see her question. He eyed the undead with great apprehension.
“I think this is exactly the kind of thing Qwera wouldn’t want us to get near. Besides—that undead…”
“Yeah.”
Tesy shuddered. Mrsha stared blankly at the undead Minotaur, who had abandoned his duel to kneel to Fetohep. What? It was just one undead. Flesh Worms were a lot worse. Although she had to admit…it was a lot cooler than any of Pisces’ undead. Except the Frostmarrow Behemoth.
“Your Majesty, I apologize. I didn’t realize there was a distinction between the undead summoned by chant and…not. I will refrain from doing so again.”
Feshi was speaking humbly to the apparition of sand. Fetohep inclined his head.
“And I shall accept your apology. The blade is yours to use. Moreover, I shall not interfere with mortal concerns. This is but the last remnant of the enchantment upon the Diamond Dagger for protection. I took advantage of its activation to make certain inquiries of the Meeting of Tribes.”
“Of course, Your Majesty.”
Fetohep produced a list as Mrsha dragged Vetn and Tesy forward, and they dragged her back.
“I would like to obtain a rare reagent lacking even within Khelt’s vaults. It is my understanding the Plain’s Eye tribe and Gaarh Marsh, or another tribe, may have instances of it. I shall reward whoever secures it for me with great wealth. It is a specific mushroom known to possess ghostly capabilities…”
Mrsha’s ears perked up. She had no idea what this was about, but on general principle, she approved of the idea of traveling across the world and appearing out of a magical dagger to get your shopping list taken care of. She wondered if she could get this guy’s autograph.
“She’s strong. Vetn, help me hold her back!”
Tesy was dragging Mrsha away. Which was funny, because despite the fact that this amazing moment was sure to become a piece of history or an adventure, no other Gnoll was running over and asking for an autograph.
By rights, they would after Fetohep was gone, but no one could quite find the audacity to insert themselves in this conversation. Who would dare? Who would just stroll over, go, ‘Hey, I’m Erin, whatcha talking about?’
