8.49 M – Revised
Page 41
Her eyes flickered. Tulm the Mithril hadn’t said a word, but he was holding his head, and his eyes were distant. He was thinking. So was Perorn, who had gone uncannily still, especially given the way Centaurs usually move around.
“Sounds tricky. I think she knows.”
The voice was a mutter. Eyes snapped sideways. Foliana blinked. Chieftain Akrisa’s fur rose.
“I don’t know what you…er, Three-Color…”
She trailed off, unsure how to address Foliana. And, moreover, because she was caught.
The giant Squirrel Beastkin chewed on her raw clams, inspiring paranoia in every person who loved clams. She stared back at Akrisa as she replied, that disconcerting stare of three colors.
“Yes, you do. Suggesting. You have something in mind. There. I was clever. Can I go now?”
Akrisa paled, but another voice interrupted, for the first time since this had begun. Despite her name, the youngest member of this group had been still, listening, and she chose her moment to voice her opinions well.
“I do not know this Grand Strategist. Nor am I as gifted in diplomacy as some of my peers. But it seems to me this is quite cunningly accusing Gnolls of conspiring. It astonishes me, frankly, Grand Strategist, that you would dare.”
The Grand Strategist raised an eyebrow at Jecaina.
“Your Majesty of Jecrass. Is the truth limited to your personal feelings?”
She flushed slightly, and lifted her chin. Fetohep’s golden eyes flashed a moment, but he waited. Jecaina could take care of herself.
“I do not think it is my personal feelings that change the truth, Grand Strategist. We have seen Gnolls slaughtered on Chandrarian ground without mercy, and a nation burned for it. I do not even know if the King of Destruction was wrong in his wrath—only how far he took it. We have seen innocent tribes slaughtered, a people deprived of magic, and clear culprits. Only, you have the gall to turn the blame back on Gnolls? Without proof? Let us have some, or we should call every statement into doubt. As well as your feelings, if any, on the people you share this continent with.”
Chaldion’s expression was unreadable, but he didn’t look quite as sanguine as before. He danced like a striking viper, but the others had nets, and some were experts at this.
“Proof. If I said a name at this moment, it would be war.”
And like a [Magician], everyone was back to listening to Chaldion again. The Grand Strategist pursed his lips. It was on the tip of his tongue, but he refused to speak.
“Let’s say there was a plan. There were names. I remind you all that everyone who took part…initially…would be long dead by now. I advise you to think historically. Let me also be up-front. There have been times when the facade cracked. Actions were taken.”
He forestalled another furious outburst.
“Here is one such point in time. One moment.”
Chaldion had pulled something from his pocket. He slowly lit a cigar and blew out some smoke.
“Wistram.”
“We have no involvement in a Gnollish conspiracy. I will swear on behalf of every current Archmage and have each one attest to that. No faction in Wistram was aware of this, and I have conducted an internal purge and review.”
The words were out of Eldavin’s mouth in a second. So fast that most people failed to check his words fully. Chaldion gave him a slight nod.
“Yes. But Wistram was involved. Four decades ago. The Wistram-Gnoll rift.”
Queen Geilouna muttered darkly.
“Which hampered magical trade and made it harder for Gnolls to—”
Chaldion raised a brow again.
