8.49 M – Revised
Page 20
The daughter of House Byres nodded. She glanced around.
“And you did that by entrusting her to Vetn and Tesy?”
Qwera laughed.
“You may think they’re idiots—and they are—but they haven’t stayed alive this long by being completely inept. Now…hello, my golden darlings! The Golden Gnoll is here, and I have wands to sell! Magic staves! Even spellbooks! Who wants to reclaim their magic?”
She began shouting, and Ysara rolled her eyes as a panoply of magical items spilled forth around her. Yet she had to admit—Qwera’s plan had made Mrsha one in a crowd of literally hundreds of thousands of children.
However, she couldn’t help but worry. Ysara set off to find the group, because she remembered the way Yvlon talked about The Wandering Inn in her few letters. Exasperating, wonderful, friendly…but it seemed like it drew events like a magnetic stone drew iron fragments. She had a bad feeling that Mrsha might have learned from the best.
Ysara was half right. She should have watched out for Mrsha, but she had forgotten that Mrsha wasn’t the only actor on this stage. And if Mrsha had learned from Erin Solstice, there was another student who had learned from this world’s finest grandmaster.
 
——
 
Feshi Weatherfur was striding around the communal grounds of the Meeting of Tribes, lost in thought. Obsessing—but only a little bit. She was on to something.
She hadn’t been at the center of the negotiations with Fetohep or the adventure at sea. She was not with Venaz, Wil, Peki, or Merrik, searching for the Titan. This was her hour, but she was not the leader of the Meeting of Tribes, far from it.
Nor was the Meeting of Tribes at the center of the world. Rather…
“And now, my next guest has an opinion about the Gnoll-Drake magic-suppression allegations. And I am saying ‘allegations’ because it’s not proved, and I’m letting people speak. Even if their opinions sound stupid. The Drakes did nothing wrong—is that what I’m understanding here? What—nothing ever? And we had no motivations for doing this, is this right, Wall Lord Dragial? Or should I say former Wall Lord of Fissival?”
A rather disgruntled Drake appeared on the scrying orb as Drassi gave her rather biased introduction to him. But that was why Feshi liked her.
Just then, a Gnoll standing next to Feshi and watching the orb began choking to death.
“Itgh hm! Ith hmm!”
Her companions had to save her from dying and get her to spit out the mouthful of popcorn that had been clogging her windpipe. Feshi saw that it was none other than the Stargnoll herself—Lehra Ruinstrider, who pointed as Wall Lord Dragial, her mortal pursuer and nemesis, began to defend Drakes for doing nothing to Gnolls.
“I nearly choked to death. Damn you, Dragial! You nearly killed me, but I survived!”
Lehra pounded the ground with her fist. Suxhel, her Gazer companion, stared at Lehra.
“You’re blaming him for the fact that you nearly choked on popcorn?”
“Well—yes?”
Lehra coughed out another kernel and saw Feshi watching.
“Hey—Feshi, right? It’s Lehra. Haven’t we met?”
“I think we have. It’s an honor, Lehra. And Suxhel?”
The Gazer [Wizard] bowed slightly. Feshi eyed the scrying orb with renewed interest.
“That must be Wall Lord Dragial. The one who claims the Blade of Mershi is his.”
“Yep. Look at that smug bastard. He’s attacked more Drake cities, Gnoll tribes—and he has supporters. He shouldn’t be allowed on Wistram News Network!”
“Not even to voice his opinion?”
“Well, he’s lying, Suxhel! You know he lies! Unless he uses the truth to lie harder!”
