8.49 M – Revised
Page 3
But Yerranola was a devious attacker, even socially. Like her strategy, she loved tricks and feints.
“Absolutely. Which is why I know you’ll do your best work when you’ve spent three days straight trying to crack the Professor’s latest chess puzzle, or when we find you hunched in the library, red-eyed and snarling at everyone who comes close while you’re reading books.”
Feshi wished she could turn her ears off. She coughed, flushing under her fur.
“I’m just focused.”
“Obsessive.”
That was true. Feshi had a bad habit that was really a Weatherfur trait. It was that she…focused on something. A passion, a hobby, an idea. She never let it go until she succeeded or something else wrested her attention away. It was one of the reasons why she’d attracted the Titan’s attention; she’d learned chess by playing it to the point of obsession when it came out. Similarly, she could focus on homework or a problem to the point where even Venaz thought she was too dedicated.
It was a flaw, but it had led Weatherfur’s Gnolls to do great things. Garusa Weatherfur had been one of the few [Generals] ever to be employed by a Drake city, and Torishi was a [Shaman] turned [Chieftain] by dint of her amazing proficiency with weather magic.
Her friends took her out of such obsessive states when they saw her in them, but Feshi knew she’d been bad of late.
“I just feel like I’m not adding enough. Weatherfur can boast of our trade deal with Pheislant—or at least we can if Pheislant isn’t eaten by Ailendamus in that blasted war.”
“Don’t let Wil hear you say that. He’s already agonized enough. I’m glad they took him to find the Professor.”
“I wish I’d gone. Imagine if I brought him here? I should have. Why didn’t I go? You should have let me talk Chieftain Torishi into it. I’m just—”
“Hey. Relax, Feshi.”
Yerranola grabbed her friend’s shoulder. Feshi kept muttering.
“Hey! Relax, Feshi.”
Yerranola’s second admonition was accompanied by a friendly kick to the stomach. That snapped Feshi out of it. She curled up on the ground, holding her stomach for a second.
“…Thank you, Yerranola.”
“What are friends for? Want breakfast?”
“No, thanks. My stomach hurts.”
“Gee, I wonder why?”
The Selphid grinned. She was like that. Well, it was one of the reasons why they liked each other. Yerranola was friendly but could be blunt if she needed to, yet she always came from a good place. She was likable but adaptable.
Unlike Venaz. Even Kissilt was better since they could talk about Izril—but Venaz was a pain. Yerra pointed ahead.
“Let’s go for a walk. You can obsess and I can stretch my body. I’m feeling better.”
Feshi smiled a bit. Her friend couldn’t feel the agonizing pain anymore, but she still grew tired too fast. Too fast to go on an adventure with the mercenaries of the Wild Wastes tribe to find the Professor to the north. Still, Yerranola was chipper today.
“What shall we do? Enjoy more Gnollish festivities? Flirt with handsome or cute Gnolls? Demonstrate how much better at chess we are?”
Yerranola spread her arms wide, beaming, as the two left Weatherfur’s central camp. Feshi made a face.
“I’m not in the mood to eat or play games. My stomach hurts.”
“I wonder why?”
“There’s more to life than games and romance. Everyone else can do it, but I need—”
“Worth! So let’s find some rather than speculate!”
 
——
 
So they did. They made a good team that way. Yerranola directed Feshi’s focus, nudged it, then went ahead when Feshi found a good idea.
“Lots of fallout from yesterday. I couldn’t sleep, and I heard there were over a thousand fights.”
“Only a thousand?”
