8.49 M – Revised
Page 7
“Yerranola. And this is Honored Feshi, of the Games of Daquin. Greatest Gnoll [Strategist] to ever—”
Feshi stomped on Yerranola’s foot. Since she knew the Selphid had no pain receptors, she also had to cover Yerranola’s mouth. Inkar and Tkrn recalled who their acquaintances were and did that staring thing, but only for a second.
Yerranola was beside herself.
“Can we come and see what’s happening? This sounds amazing.”
Inkar glanced about the area.
“Only if you can find horses.”
“I can do that!”
The Selphid dashed off with Tkrn. Which left Feshi and Inkar standing together. The Gnoll glanced at the Silverfang camp, then at Inkar.
Now, here was another interesting coincidence, like meeting that Lyonette at Oteslia. A Human who just happened to be a rather important guest of Longstalker’s Fang, in the Silverfang camp, and friends—or at least concerned—with Honored Gireulashia of Ekhtouch? There was an explanation for it, obviously, but the why of it made Feshi’s fur tingle.
“I’m Feshi of Weatherfur. Pleased to see you again, Inkar.”
She held out her paw, and Inkar took it.
“Thank you for your help again, Miss Feshi. We meet when people are fighting each other or running around, yes?”
There was a twinkle in her eye as she used the Gnollish inflections, and Feshi grinned despite herself.
“Hrr, yes. Let’s find Gire. It shouldn’t be too bad—and then maybe we can talk? I’m interested in Silverfang, as everyone is.”
Perhaps this was her moment?
Tkrn and Yerra came back with four horses, including Inkar’s own horse, and Feshi and Inkar mounted up. They sped off to find Gire and discover what was so bad about the Trials.
But Feshi was more concerned with what they’d do after that. She completely failed to understand what Ekhtouch Trials meant.
 
——
 
During the Meeting of Tribes, even though the participants were angry, wrathful, talking, and full of unrest after yesterday’s drama, there was always fascination. Always delight and chaos.
In fact, perhaps more now than ever. Because all the Gnolls were so upset, the tribes had pushed together some festivities planned for later that week. So here came a rarity—a Gnoll [Performer], no less than one of Weatherfur’s own. She did a flip into the air and threw three daggers.
They hit three targets tossed up by helpers. She landed, laughing, and in swept a Gnoll band playing merry music on flutes and drums.
“Let’s have some cheer! Who wants to learn how to throw knives? How to balance on the very tip of a pole, like so? Well, if you can hold your balance for ten seconds, I’ll give you a prize!”
The [Performer] shouted down at the adults and children. She stood on a narrow wooden pole with one foot, the other raised behind her, arms outstretched, grinning with the light of a challenge in her eyes. Then she winked.
“If you can do this, I’ll give you my class!”
And with a laugh, she did a front flip from her standing position and landed again, in the same pose.
Children pointed and oohed and gathered around, because there were also traditional Gnollish sweets being passed out in huge baskets, along with more food and nonalcoholic drinks. The sights and sounds were all a welcome distraction.
Some Gnolls didn’t even have to try to be exciting. Garsine Wallbreaker just walked past the others, but the eleven-foot-tall Gnoll was enough to dumbfound a little Gnoll cub clinging to an adult Gnoll’s paw.
Some people hurried to eat or let the children play; many only drifted about, still furious, still talking. The air was tense, and as a result, more than one child and adult pitched a fit.
