8.49 M – Revised
Page 47
Mrsha’s eyes widened. Survivors? Mrell hadn’t blinked. She stared at him. Survivors…?
But now he was speaking.
“I know this. I’m…from the Stone Spears tribe. I was. I’d know those markings anywhere. I thought the only survivors were a handful of children, and I met every single one. Believe me. I never thought—Liscor? I saw a white Gnoll and never looked close—they only had a sketch of you on that Drake’s report. Do you understand what I’m saying? Do you…know…?”
He was waiting for something. It was building behind Mrsha’s eyes. Something pounding in her head. She just held still. Sitting there in the center of his tent. Why did everything he say ring a bell? Ears?
There was something in his tent that made her look around. Since it included a workshop, he had a number of things. Tools for creating powders, tools for working on the Demas Metal stuff, even books. And because he was at the Meeting of Tribes, he had formal clothes laid out ready for use, and, of course, a mirror.
No vanity like one Lyonette would consider proper, or makeup—just something to remove bad scents, shampoo, a brush tangled with hair, and a mirror. A big mirror for a Chieftain. Mrsha looked into it.
There were those ears again. She stared at them, quite puzzled. Now, how could that be? Her ears were smaller than Mrell’s, but they had the same shape. Gnollish ears had more variance than silly Human ones. And these were tipped with gold paint. They twitched as she looked at them.
Her ears. Slowly, the little Gnoll in the mirror reached out. Mrsha felt her paws touch her ears. Then she looked up.
Chieftain Mrell stood there. Like he’d seen a ghost. Like he was incredibly afraid, incredibly…guilty. Mrsha looked at his face. His fur looked familiar. Normal for a Gnoll. She stared down at her dyed fur, a copy of the fur she’d had growing up. It was close.
His ears looked like hers. Now she listened to what he said. He was from her tribe. Stone Spears. He…wasn’t anymore? It was rare for a Gnoll to leave a tribe. But it happened.
If you wanted to go your own way. Or, sometimes, if you were exiled.
Stone Spears had always been good with stone. Mining. Mrsha looked at Mrell.
“Urksh cast me out. You were too young to even walk on all fours. Me and Prha.”
What stupid names. Mrell? Prha? Why did they sound odd together? Almost like…
Slowly, the [Last Survivor] of the Stone Spears tribe, or so she had always thought—the girl who had received white fur for doom deferred, who had lost her people, her home; who had gone to faraway Liscor and found her mother, another home, friends, magic—looked up.
Mrell stood there, pale under his fur, looking at her but unable to meet her eyes. She listened to what he was saying and finally, finally understood what he had not said.
Was too ashamed to say.
Slowly, Chieftain Mrell of the Demas Metal tribe, a new tribe started by a single Gnoll who had discovered a fantastical new metal, walked forward. Not directly at Mrsha. He sat down in a chair, legs collapsing under him. He was shaking.
He was an outcast. From the Stone Spears tribe.
Urksh never talked about it. He had only told Mrsha about it a few times, and the others, even the children, didn’t bother Mrsha about it. Urksh only told Mrsha, once, when she was very little, that her parents were gone.
She thought that meant they were dead. The second time, he told her they had done a bad thing and been exiled.
