8.49 M – Revised
Page 16
The Golden Gnoll turned back to the [Smith], but she kept her attention on something out of the corner of her eye. Qwera saw that, at last, the little Gnoll cub who’d been staring at the giant Garsine Wallbreaker passing by finally broke out of her stupor.
She yanked urgently at the paw of the adult she was holding hands with. He groaned, massaging his back.
“What now? Over there? Fine…Tesy, you hold her hand. My everything hurts.”
“Hmm? What was that, Vetn?”
Nearby, Tesy, a Drake with brass scales, stopped doing a quick sketch with charcoal and a bit of parchment. He held out the rather fine image to a Gnoll, grinning and posing in place.
“Three coppers. Here you go. Thank you.”
The Drake stood up as Vetn hobbled over to Qwera, clutching at his back, then his legs. He was obviously in a considerable amount of muscular pain, despite having taken one healing potion already.
“I want another potion, Qwera.”
The Golden Gnoll had lost her patience.
“Well, go get one.”
Vetn whined.
“I want you to pay for it.”
“Hm…no. I already paid you. It’s one potion. Don’t be stingy—use one of yours.”
“My own money?”
Qwera raised the Paw of Slapping-idiots-on-the-head, and Vetn hobbled away quickly.
Then the little Gnoll cub, her fur a plain, ordinary brown, just as it had been on the day she was born, spotted the Demas Metal blade. She raced over to Ysara and began jumping up and down.
Give me! Give me! I want to hold it!
Her meaning couldn’t have been more plain if she were shouting. The [Smith] chuckled as Ysara held the blade high overhead.
“Oh, no. I’m not going to have someone sever a hand on my watch. Qwera—”
“That’s it! Move back, you. Vetn, I said don’t let go of her paw. One of you holds it at all times—you or Tesy—or I make both of you do all the unloading for my caravans.”
Tesy hurriedly grabbed the little Gnoll girl’s paw.
The cub looked reproachfully up at Ysara but remained oddly silent. Then she lowered one paw to her side, pressed something hidden on her belt, opened her mouth, and spoke.
“I want that. Please?”
What a completely ordinary thing for a Gnoll to say. Ysara instantly refused.
“No, Mri. You cannot.”
“Pretty please?”
“Absolutely not. Vetn, would you mind giving me some room?”
“Pretty please?”
The [Smith] was too busy admiring Ysara’s excellent bladeswomanship to notice it, but something was off about the second time the girl said that. The little Gnoll girl said it…exactly the same way. Intonation, pitch, and volume.
Qwera noticed. She let Vetn drag the girl back, then bent down and grabbed an ear.
“Don’t be silly, Mri. And don’t think about touching one of those blades! I’m not explaining to your mother why you’re missing a digit.”
She added that for the benefit of the listeners, then went back to haranguing the workers who were unloading her caravans.
The little Gnoll girl with brown fur, a curious pattern on her arms and chest, and two gold-painted ears pouted. She was clearly in the company of the Golden Gnoll herself.
She took her paw away from the tiny activation runes she’d been given. No one would really think twice about the gaudy gemstone set into a fancy necklace hanging from her neck. It was still a risk to use, but if people didn’t look too closely, they wouldn’t notice that the ‘voice’ of the girl hadn’t come from her mouth but from a little bit farther down. Or that she could only say a few things.
“I want food, Vetn.”
The Thief of Clouds patted his stomach.
“I want food too. Qwery, can we have food money?”
Mri slapped her speaking rune.
“Pretty please?”
