8.49 M – Revised
Page 51
“It was luck. I thought of you—wondered—but Prha wanted nothing to do with me. Urksh wouldn’t acknowledge me, even when I sent him a [Message]. I never went back. I meant to, after the Meeting of Tribes. I planned on meeting Urksh here, maybe even…then I heard of the Goblin Lord.”
Mrell was panting now. Shaking.
“I was too late. I didn’t sleep or eat for nearly a month. It was my fault. I looked for the other survivors of the Stone Spears tribe, but they thought you were dead, and Urksh…they told stories about a City Runner who brought the Goblin Lord and a blizzard and…if I’d known you were in Liscor, I would have found you. Mrsha. I am so sorry. You’re…the white Gnoll, aren’t you? The one all the tribes are hunting?”
She stood there, across from him, at the entrance to the tent. Just staring as his words came out, until there was nothing left, until they stopped. Mrell looked at her, reaching a paw out, but afraid to draw near.
“Mrsha. Just wait. Prha will come, and then…I don’t know how you got here, but if one of the traditionalist tribes finds you—wait. I failed my tribe and you and Urksh. But wait. Please.”
He looked at her, straight in the eyes.
“I will protect you.”
The little Gnoll girl stood there, staring up at Chieftain Mrell. Neither one moved or spoke. Then, abruptly, there was a voice that broke the bubble of magical silence.
Mrell whirled, and a voice began speaking, higher-pitched, angry. It had an unusual cadence to it. Slower, then faster near the end of a sentence, especially when the speaker was angry. Which she was.
“Mrell! How dare you summon me here! I won’t answer to you. Leave Sofang out of it. You—”
A Gnoll came storming into the tent, a warrior of a tribe Mrsha didn’t know. She was leaner than other warriors Mrsha had known and had a bow on her back, a shield and short-spear too. She had eyes only for Mrell, so she missed the girl standing there.
If there was something familiar about her, it was probably her paws? No—her fur was the exact same color as—
Prha strode toward Mrell. She was snarling, furious. She saw Chieftain Mrell’s face and hesitated.
“What’s your problem? You look like you’ve seen a ghost. Did I ruin one of your precious deals?”
“Prha. I found her. Look over…”
“Found who? Don’t bring my tribe into this. You shouldn’t have flaunted your famous Demas Metal tribe if you didn’t want to see me. I hope your metal shatters in the forge. You…”
Prha glanced behind her and finally saw the girl with the gold-tipped ears standing there. She had been staring at Prha, face blank.
“Who’s this?”
She turned to Mrell, but he just stared at her. Like he’d seen a ghost. The female Gnoll lost some of her bluster. Prha looked back, focused on the girl, but it wasn’t as if she could suddenly figure it out.
Her mind focused on what was easiest to put together first. Her angry look turned to puzzlement. The little girl was doing something with her bag of holding, but what was that on her fur? The gold ears were one thing, but…
“Are those Stone Spears markings? How…is she another survivor? Did you bring me here to—”
“Prha.”
The word was so strained and so intense that it stopped her again. This time, she looked. And like Mrell, she went completely still.
She had the same look on her face. The one of sheer disbelief. It played across her features. Shock, disbelief, and guilt were all there, too, just as they were on Mrell’s face. But Prha displayed a simple emotion above all.
Fear.
“Her spirit haunts me.”
