8.49 M – Revised
Page 8
One big child in particular threw up her hands, lay down on the ground, and wailed.
“I don’t want to! I don’t want to!”
It was…something. Feshi felt embarrassed, astonished, awed, at the sight of a nine-foot-tall Gnoll, whom she had taken to be fully grown, throwing a tantrum, pounding her paws and feet on the ground, wailing, her nose running as the Ekhtouch adults tried to get her to be quiet and others watched.
She was a girl, and the tantrum drew no less than Firrelle, Chieftain of the Ekhtouch, to her side.
“Gireulashia! Calm yourself!”
“I don’t want to do a Trial! I won’t! You can’t make me!”
Gire had been hauled back by the time Inkar and the others caught up with her. Hauled back in a net, wailing. What was this Trial? Well, the other Ekhtouch Gnolls of their small tribe were already setting it up.
Firelle was furious.
“Gire, this is meant to be an exhibition. You are embarrassing all of Ekhtouch!”
To which Gire just sniveled.
“I don’t care! You do it! You can’t! It’s scary and I don’t want to!”
The Chieftain looked exasperated. Then a Gnoll couple came over. Well—a couple of Gnolls, as in ‘two’. They were not a married pair.
“Gireulashia, you are more than capable. Do not embarrass Ekhtouch. You must succeed—only then can you level. You know this.”
“Yes, do it for our tribe. Do it for us, Honored Daughter.”
A tall male and female Gnoll smiled down at Gire. She sat up, sullenly, and Feshi realized—they were her parents. But what an odd relationship. They coaxed Gire until she stopped crying, but not once did they give her true orders, only cajoled and pleaded. Even Feshi found it—disconcerting. Inkar pointed at the two.
“Those are her parents?”
Tkrn was watching, just as bemused. Gire bowed her head as the Ekhtouch tribe finished moving other Gnolls back, creating a kind of enclosure with what looked like a magical powder. One of them placed an odd-looking marker in the center…Feshi narrowed her eyes.
“Yerra, you see that? It looks familiar.”
Gire looked up when she saw the strange long strip of paper delicately laid out on the ground. She stood in one movement and ignored her parents. She looked around.
“Don’t I get anything?”
“One object.”
“Then I want a spear!”
An Ekhtouch warrior instantly went to arm her, but Firrelle didn’t offer Gire her own spear or any of the fine enchanted spears her warriors carried. Rather, someone hurried off and came back with the most plain iron-tipped spear that Feshi had ever seen. It wasn’t a training weapon…exactly…but that was all it was good for, in her eyes.
Yerranola was focused on the item Feshi had spotted. She frowned.
“Yeah. I’ve seen it before. What is that? I can’t remember where…”
Feshi had the exact same impression. Her eyes widened, and she clapped her paws together.
“Oh! I know! Venaz has some!”
The Selphid gave Feshi a look of comprehension and snapped her fingers.
“Yes! It’s one of those weird summoning things! He said they were from Drath, remember? The same things he used at the…games…of…”
Her voice trailed off. She and Feshi both slowly rotated and saw one of the Ekhtouch Gnolls make a gesture and speak.
“Ramish! Arise!”
The talisman glowed, and the magical paper unraveled. Something rose, glittering, taking shape as spectral energy moved to create a replica of the real thing. No less deadly, but made of magic. Conjured to create—
A Manticore.
