8.49 M – Revised
Page 43
“Would that I could say this was Pallass’ way. Crafty and manipulative. But I know Pallass. My tribe will not forget this day, nor your part. You are not Pallass, though, because we have shed blood with Pallass. Our great daughter, Garusa Weatherfur, fought with Thrissiam Blackwing against the Goblin Lord and perished there. She did not run. Nor did her last letter to me ever say she found Pallass’ [General] wanting. We have known Walled Cities as enemies and friends. This day? I say the Cyclops of Pallass sullies its name in my eyes. Speak.”
It stuck. Everything else had slid away. Water on oil. Arrows bouncing off a magic shield. Save for this. Chieftain Torishi sat, cross-legged, and looked at the old Drake with the hope of exactly nothing in her gaze. He frowned. Choosing his words, displeased. Perhaps it changed nothing in what he said next. Perhaps…everything.
Across Izril, Drakes were waiting. The High Command of Manus, the Serpentine Matriarch, Wall Lords and Ladies of Salazsar, Oteslia’s First Gardener—and far more—appraising Chaldion. Was he selling them out? Or doing the only thing that could be done?
He hesitated, and it seemed to those watching that this was the moment when he was truly conflicted.
“The Walled Cities have known many things for a long time. They buried this secret. Quite literally. Other groups helped them. Something was lost. Something was gained. Even I’m not sure of the…exact price. So when you go digging, ask yourself what was traded. Gnollish magic for centuries. A suppression field can hold it back, but the energy still went somewhere. Where? Perhaps someone hid something. Perhaps it’s needed. Used. Every Walled City has a secret.”
His one eye swept across the camera. Someone quietly breathed an oath.
“Traitor’s scales. Does he know?”
Dragonspeaker Luciva rose slightly. She looked around the High Command of Manus.
“Does he…? Is he referring to Rafaema? Or…”
She swung her gaze around. Was it this? How far would Chaldion go? But even the other Drakes and Gnolls looked at her. What was he talking about? Manus? Or something else?
“Too many secrets.”
The Drake grinned like a devil in the dark bar as he spoke. Light shone from under his eye patch, and his scarred face twisted. He looked at Torishi and nodded once.
“Let’s have some come to light. We’ve known too much. Leaders. It’s coming out. We have always known of things like this. Now you see a buried crystal. But you already had the first hint. Or haven’t you looked into it? They were right there, too. Buried but never forgotten. One after another. You found them first. The greatest enemies of Gnolls. Greater than Dragons. Do you know what I’m talking about?”
Heads tilted. For once, no one did know. Akrisa and Torishi slowly blinked, then grew visibly uneasy. You could see their fur beginning to stand on end.
Geilouna whispered to Altestiel.
“What is he talking about?”
The Earl of the Rains glanced up and realized that if he spoke, it would be to the entire group.
Fetohep knew. He focused on the others, seeing who else did.
Tulm the Mithril was nodding, like someone watching a masterpiece being completed. Perorn got it with a quiet snap of her fingers. Outside of Izril, the only other person to put it together in a flash was Eldavin, who cursed. The rest didn’t know because it wasn’t yet a word spoken aloud. Chaldion drew it out, a single word, in an exhalation of smoke.
“Raskghar.”
Someone dropped a mug. The sound of shattering glass was the perfect note to fit that moment. Chaldion nodded.
