8.49 M – Revised
Page 40
“Now, that would be a military secret, Chieftain Akrisa. But then I might tell you that every Walled City knew, or learned. After all, this is a grand enterprise. An undertaking, a plan that takes decades to set up. It would require the cooperation of local Drake cities—the Walled Cities with the means to do this and finance such a powerful network, as I’m sure Wistram could tell you.”
He glanced pointedly at Eldavin. The Grand Magus was just waiting. Chaldion sipped his drink one more time—the ice was melting, and its green melded with darker colors.
“And help from groups in starting the deception and keeping it going. Which, to be clear, under truth spell, wouldn’t be Walled Cities. Or Drake cities. Or Human.”
He waited.
Feshi suddenly felt like she’d been stabbed by her dagger. Her paws flew to her chest. She had just realized something, seconds before he said it.
“You clever old…”
Torishi stopped bellowing curses, and suddenly her head rose as if she were hunting.
“Did you just imply…”
“Excuse me, I’ll have a refill. I can’t say anything, Your Majesty of Nerrhavia’s Fallen. I am Grand Strategist of Pallass. Excuse me while I cough and look away. If I point as I’m doing it, think nothing of it.”
A few heads followed the Drake’s claw, which was pointed at a very sweaty monarch of Pheislant, despite his having done nothing wrong. Until they realized that Chaldion wasn’t being literal.
Somehow, uncannily, Chaldion had gone from being put on his back foot and outnumbered to having everyone waiting on his words. He was on the offensive.
“If you are aware of who is to blame, speak, Grand Strategist. Or damn Pallass by omission. You have already indicated that the City of Inventions knew of this action, admitted what has been done. You prevaricate to throw blame askew. Well done. The House of Minos shall remember all that is said.”
The King of Minotaurs’ hand tightened on her throne’s stone armrest, and Chaldion’s eyes narrowed for a brief second.
“Well, then, Your Majesty, I will be as straightforward as I am able to be in my position. Injustice was done. A conspiracy, some might call it. Analogous to the Circle of Thorns in the north. Hah. Every powerful entity makes plans in secret.”
He waved a claw, but the Seer of Steel interrupted.
“YOU MAKE A TOPICAL COMPARISON LIGHTLY. BUT IT SUGGESTS SOMETHING. DOES THE NORTH HAVE ANY INVOLVEMENT? OR DO YOU MERELY PUT THE IDEAS TOGETHER? ANSWER DIRECTLY, CHALDION OF PALLASS.”
Again, the Drake grimaced.
“Merely comparative. Very well. What I am sure about is this: no Walled City could do this alone. As I said, holding the Walled Cities as a whole, or Drakes as a whole, responsible for any actions taken is impossible. Misguided, though understandable. They had no role to play in orchestrating or implementing anything that might have been done. In the same way…there were beneficiaries of even ostensibly hostile actions against the Gnollish people at large.”
Chieftain Torishi choked, barely able to speak.
“You are suggesting…tribes were culpable in this?”
Chaldion flicked a claw back and forth, as if swatting at a gnat.
“I am not suggesting anything. Merely illustrating, Chieftain Torishi. Let me rephrase my statement. There was a benefit. To whom? Drakes alone? I can say definitively—no.”
“You are muddying clear waters. When a crapfish stinks up the catch, I do not blame it on shrimp.”
Queen Geilouna narrowed her eyes at Chaldion. Some of the others winced at her metaphor, but Chieftain Akrisa was quick to agree.
“You must offer proof, Chaldion. You cannot simply…hint. Who benefits? Why?”
