8.49 M – Revised
Page 33
Feshi thought someone had tossed something and bounced it off her legs just out of frame to prompt that response. Perhaps her sister? But even Krshia Silverfang surely didn’t expect Eldavin to smile, gesture, and port a floating bottle into their frame. Akrisa nearly leaped into Cetrule’s arms, and he nearly leaped into hers. They gingerly looked at the floating vintage, which had recently been in Khelt, then Wistram.
Now, this, as even Drassi would agree, was television. This was the kind of display that would glue everyone to their scrying orbs. If all Izril had been watching the events being covered before, the entire world was watching this now—or being told, ‘Drop what you’re doing and grab a scrying orb!’
If you still didn’t get it, you either missed the last broadcast or had a memory like Swiss cheese. Eldavin was calmly conversing with the two Gnolls.
“…at least two from Chandrar, I believe, but this is a global affair. Hence a global discussion.”
“Ah, then…more from Wistram?”
Fetohep managed to convey a nuanced interest that indicated a hint of disapproval. Eldavin was quick to shake his head.
“I was personally invited by Strategist Feshi, but Wistram shall simply host this august meeting; we are fairly culpable, as I shall admit readily. I believe at least two from Baleros…two from Terandria, and the rest of the seats will be given to Izril. Or perhaps to a few other parties? I cannot imagine the Blighted King has the time for such frivolities.”
“No, indeed. Well, then…ah.”
Incidentally, simultaneously with this discussion, the smart ones had begun answering Feshi’s calls. The really smart ones had begun calling her. But Feshi had a list, and it was first come, first served.
Everyone watching realized what this was when the fifth personage appeared. She did not fit. Or did she? If she fit, and if Feshi had asked for her specifically, it was because of recent deeds.
Jecaina of Jecrass sat on her throne and stood to greet the others. Fetohep was smiling, and the Chieftains saw it, as did Eldavin, who had sounded quite approving when he agreed to this.
The Arbiter Queen and her council of judgment ride again! Only this time, the crime was greater. The personages weightier.
You could not hold the excitement in the Meeting of Tribes in any container. Feshi was kicking people, telling them to shut up as she organized the rest. All she had to do was speak a name and Eldavin made it happen—or, rather, one of his aides did.
It was an intoxicating amount of power. And here they came.
What was noticeable, and what made an entire continent nearly flip, was who wasn’t part of this council. For instance…no Treespeaker. No Flos Reimarch.
Not even Femithain.
Flos, the King of Destruction, would have attended if he had not been a crisped piece of bacon incapable of speech. Feshi had called, and someone young and female had told her, over the sound of some furious, incomprehensible noises, that it was impossible.
She did bring Queen Yisame into it. Because Nerrhavia’s Fallen had been in the last one, they were hugely powerful, and Yisame was the most important of the other rulers. No Orjin—much to his relief—and that was all of Chandrar.
Three from Chandrar.
Two from Baleros. Feshi invited two, and two came. She had a hard time at first, but then—
“I see two of the Great Companies have elected to send representatives. Greetings. Nerrhavia’s Fallen has always heard of Baleros’ might. Might and wisdom personified, then.”
