8.49 M – Revised
Page 6
“She’s running! We’ll never catch her without Skills. Stubborn—[Marathon Run]! The rest of you, get some horses!”
One of the Gnolls accelerated but barely seemed to break even with Gire’s pace. The two [Strategists] watched as the others sprinted with commendable form, off to get horses. Yerra turned to Feshi.
“What’s that about?”
The Gnoll hesitated, but before she could answer, she heard a voice.
“What are they doing to her, Tkrn?”
“I don’t know. Here. Let me just get ov—let me—uh…”
Someone smacked into the hide wall, scrabbled at it, and then jumped a few times. Yerranola and Feshi heard a grunt.
“Maybe you can get up there. Here, I’ll boost you, Inkar.”
“Okay…argh! Don’t drop me!”
“Well, it’s hard! Do you have a handhold?”
“Yes…”
Someone pulled themselves up, red-faced. Feshi saw a Human face turn, nearly fall over the wall, and then try to haul someone else up.
“You’re too heavy! Let go, let go! You’ll pull me—”
Inkar disappeared back into the compound with a scream, and Feshi and Yerranola heard a crash as she fell on top of whoever was on the other side. Yerranola looked at Feshi.
“Hey! Anyone need a hand over there?”
“Yes, please!”
That was the female Human. Yerranola did a little hop, then a big jump, and nimbly hoisted herself up onto the wall. Feshi knew her friend had Rampaged—exceeded her body’s natural limits, tearing muscle, but giving herself amazing strength. There was a voice, male and mystified.
“Who’s that? That’s not one of the Ekhtouch—”
From her position on top of the wall, Yerra reached down, hauled up the two figures with ease, and Feshi was once again reacquainted with Inkar and Tkrn.
“Don’t I know you? From the brawl…”
“That’s right! Inkar, and this is Tkrn.”
“Hi.”
The Gnoll was a bit breathless from getting over the wall. He looked shamefaced as Yerranola helped Inkar down to the ground. He tried to jump down, but Feshi opened her mouth.
“I wouldn’t—”
She heard the click and saw his face as the Gnoll [Guardsman] landed from a nine-foot drop onto his haunches. But the force of the landing had turned his squat into more of a rapid sit-down, so fast that he kneed himself in the chin. And all the weight and force of his hitting the ground went right into—
Tkrn rolled over.
“Healing potion! Healing potion! I just broke my legs!”
Inkar landed with Yerra’s help and fished out a potion. Tkrn sat up after she helped him fix the torn muscle in his legs, not actual bone. Tkrn sat up, panting.
“Okay—how does Gire do that? Where did she go?”
The two were clearly after the same Gnoll. Feshi and Yerra pointed, but the other Gnolls were almost out of sight, mere dots on the horizon. Feshi shaded her eyes, frowning.
“What’s happening? That’s Honored Gireulashia, isn’t it?”
“It’s Gire. But I don’t know what’s happening. She was just playing with—and then the Ekhtouch Gnolls came and said she had to pass a Trial and she ran for it.”
Yerranola’s eyes lit up, as they did whenever she found something interesting.
“Ooh. Feshi, what’s a Trial?”
She turned to her friend. The Weatherfur Gnoll scratched at her head.
“I have no idea. It must be an Ekhtouch thing. I can’t imagine that it’s pleasant if she ran away. What was she doing in the Silverfang camp?”
She thought Gire might have been there on Ekhtouch business, but Inkar and this Tkrn had made it sound different. Indeed, Inkar was worried.
“We have to find her! She sounded terrified! She’s only fifteen!”
“What?”
Yerranola and Feshi started. But hadn’t Venaz said…? Feshi saw Tkrn look around.
“Let’s get some horses. Thanks for your help, um—”
