8.49 M – Revised
Page 5
“It was awarded to them. They went to Rhir.”
“What, all of them?”
Feshi twiddled her thumbs, trying to recall, before nodding.
“Yep. Went, fought for three generations, came back. They kept the name. They’re fairly important. Everyone wants to talk to Silverfang.”
“Hm. Well, unless you think we can rely on our names, how about marching up there? You go, ‘I’m Feshi from the Titan’s Academy! Let me in’!”
Some heads swung toward them even at Yerranola’s proclamation. Feshi groaned.
“No thanks, Yerra. Even if Krshia hears me first, we’re working at cross-purposes. Too many officers for a single battalion. Remember—hit them where you do the most good.”
“Professor’s words of wisdom, right. But he also says, ‘Kick them in the face sometimes just so you have their attention’.”
The Professor had a lot of funny sayings. Feshi and Yerranola circled the crowd, grinning and trading a few. Yerranola eyed the circular Silverfang camp and its hide walls.
“You know, if you really wanted to get in, we could cut a hole through the walls. It’s just hide and wood, right?”
“It’s probably enchanted, and it’s tough. Even with my dagger it would be a pain. And that’s destruction of property, Yerra.”
The Selphid stepped back and eyed the tops of the walls, far too high and steep to see over.
“Well, what if we jumped over?”
“It’s an eight-foot wall, Yerra. Who can jump over that?”
“I could. If I Rampaged, I think.”
“Well, I can’t.”
“That’s what ladders are for. I’m just saying, if you wanted a private word, we…”
The two were arguing, more for fun than anything else, as Feshi looked around for another way to meet someone important. They walked around the back of the Silverfang compound. Feshi heard some loud voices past the wall, pounding footsteps. Yerranola might not have heard, because she was inhabiting a dead Gnoll’s body with atrophied senses. But then Yerranola heard a shout.
“Gireulashia! Don’t you dare—”
A giant hurtled over the wall, from the inside, to land just past Yerranola and Feshi. In a single bound. Nine feet tall, her red-brown fur gleaming—the tallest Gnoll, save for one, that Feshi had ever seen. She leaped over the wall like a high jumper, arcing her body so it just cleared the top of the stakes hammered into the ground.
Feshi’s and Yerranola’s jaws dropped open. The giant Gnoll landed as light as a cat. She spotted the two on her way down and avoided Yerranola, who jerked back.
“Excuse me.”
Gire muttered apologetically at the two, then sprinted. She barely stopped as she landed, but transitioned into an athlete’s run. She was nearly a hundred paces away before Feshi and Yerranola had even turned.
“Dead gods. She just—”
“She jumped over the wall! How did she do that? Magic? A Skill?”
“I thought you said you could do that!”
The Selphid grabbed at her ears.
“Yeah, but I’m a Selphid! Look at that body!”
Feshi saw the distant Gire racing across the Great Plains and knew which tribe she was from. Even if she hadn’t known Gireulashia—and she was hard to forget—she’d know an Ekhtouch anywhere.
Sure enough, her pursuers looked much like Gire herself. One was ‘only’ seven and a half feet tall, and he clearly had to use a jumping Skill to clear the wall. The rest had to climb over; one was boosted up, and the others, no less than six of them, swarmed over it.
“There she is! Gire, come back! This is the Chieftain’s order! Come—”
They raced after her. The last ones over the wall completely ignored Feshi and Yerranola. They cursed as they pointed at Gire.
