8.49 M – Revised
Page 12
“Steel has many alloys, many forms, Chieftain Iraz, and we have made and used it for countless ages. I cannot claim this is the perfect Demas Metal. But it is my alloy, and if it existed in times past? Well, the one who beheld it and helped me complete it told me that others—only the true ancients of our world—might know how to make it to perfection. That I discovered the making…he told me I would usher in a new era on the strength of it alone. And he was a Dwarf.”
Iraz was leaning forwards, hooked on the story, and caught himself, sitting back. He slowly lifted the sword he had been given and pondered it. Then, carefully, slowly, he took out a simple water flask and dribbled water onto the blade. Mrell watched, knowing what would happen.
Rather than simply dribble down the blade and onto his floor—carpeted with beautiful depictions of Gnolls in battle, tapestries of triumph and tradition, a careful nod to this Meeting of Tribes, which he’d paid for just this effect—the water pooled along the blade. Coating it. It formed a second edge, as fine as a razor. Iraz moved the blade, and the water rippled but did not fly away.
It would if he swung it hard enough, though.
“Fire does the same. Does lightning?”
“I haven’t dared hold it up in the middle of a storm, but a little shock spell—yes. Though it lasts for seconds at most.”
“Incredible. You said…a Dwarf helped you make it?”
Mrell sighed.
“Yes. This is a great secret, Iraz. But I tell you this because I hope you will buy many blades from me, and our tribes might work together. After all, Demas Metal can be made far more plentifully than Orichalcum, which we put into it, but it will not ever replace steel. Perhaps, though…steelcloth and Demas Metal together?”
The Steelfur traded their fur, which could be laboriously processed into metallic cloth, to other places. Iraz nodded.
“It is rare that we offer trade concessions to any tribe but the large ones, like Plain’s Eye. But you have my full attention. So you met a Dwarf? When?”
Mrell exhaled. He chose his words carefully, telling only what needed to be told, though his face grew somber.
“On my journeys. I left my tribe, you see. I became a wandering Gnoll. Not Plains. Or City. It was not pleasant, always—I shall spare you the details. But the crux of the story is only this: I met a Dwarf on my travels. I never expected to meet him, for we both were seeking Orichalcum—the very vein my tribe uses for Demas Metal. Well, I say ‘we,’ but he had found it. He lived alone, in a cave, in misery, a master beyond compare.”
Iraz murmured, placing his paws under his chin.
“I have heard of such reclusive masters. Although they are the stuff of legend.”
Mrell lifted a paw.
“This Dwarf was not there out of some great training journey or because the isolation suited him, Chieftain Iraz. He was in exile. And…dying. I forged under him for three years, until he passed, and that was when I made my discovery. He did not give it to me, you see. He told me I had surpassed every expectation in discovering the alloy. Shortly thereafter, he passed.”
“A strange story. What was he doing there?”
Mrell stared back, leaning to look upwards at a memory.
“He never said. Only that he had betrayed the heart of the craft he and I both pursued. I named the metal after him. Demas. Demastel was the only name he ever gave me, you see. Without his guidance, I would have never had the skill to create this.”
“Honorable of you. So your tribe will work the vein, make more Demas Metal—and make it better still. What do you intend?”
Mrell lifted the blade Iraz offered him and smiled.
