8.49 M – Revised
Page 34
Queen Yisame spoke behind a fan, as two groups appeared. The first group Feshi knew well, and it was with a pang that she saw not Niers Astoragon, with his huge hat, striding into frame but…well.
A giant squirrel-woman with eyes to match Eldavin’s and a bushy tail. An aghast Centauress grabbed her.
“Foliana, this way!”
“Mm. Hello.”
The Three-Color Stalker, Foliana of the Forgotten Wing company, was the Orjin of this council. She was unapologetically chewing on a raw clam, dipping the meat in sauce. Queen Yisame faltered on the rest of her address, and Akrisa did a double take.
“The Three-Color Stalker herself. A [Rogue] of unsurpassed ability. From Khelt, hail.”
Fetohep had begun addressing people less formally, but there was a way to do that in style. Foliana stared into the camera blankly.
“Why am I here?”
“To discuss…”
Perorn whispered furiously as Yisame collected herself to finish her greeting; she had elected to make the next address after greeting the others and receiving the bottle of Khelt’s wine that was being passed around. But she never got the chance.
The figures in the other frames arranged side by side across the projection were two of the same species, unlike Perorn and Yisame. However, they were not alike in size. One was a gleaming figure that made Feshi feel a cold flash run up her back. One of the greatest [Strategists] to walk Baleros, including the Titan. His armor shone with a light beyond silver.
Tulm the Mithril. Yet he, who had his head in his hands, was nothing compared to the giant of metal whose head rested on a pedestal. The figure waved an armored hand.
“HELLO. CAN OUR VOICES BE HEARD? THE IRON VANGUARD COMETH.”
Everyone went temporarily deaf as Eldavin hastily lowered the volume. The Seer of Steel, the leader of the Iron Vanguard, spoke, but even turned down, his voice was a shout.
“APOLOGIES. I SPEAK WITH THE WEIGHT OF DULLAHANS, BUT THE LACK OF TACT IS MY OWN. TULM IS THE BETTER VOICE, YET I ATTEND FOR THE MOMENT AND OFFER MY RESPECT FOR THE GNOLLISH PEOPLE. THREE-COLOR STALKER, I GREET YOU.”
Foliana glanced up. She had wedged two fingers in her ears and was trying to eat the clam out of the sauce without the use of her hands. She unstuck one ear.
“It’s you again. Didn’t I stab you one time?”
“IT DID NOT WORK.”
That was for Baleros. Of course, Maelstrom’s Howling was not happy, but Tulm had beaten their representative and told Feshi they could get both in one room faster than anyone else. So…that left two places.
Izril and Terandria. For Izril had one last representative to field. That one was a while in coming, but Terandria got its showing.
By now, there were so many people that the screen had to flick between them, holding on a speaker before changing to another point of view.
Jecaina, Eldavin, the Iron Vanguard, the Forgotten Wing, Silverfang, Weatherfur, Fetohep, and Yisame.
Eight, and two more continents left to go. But while there were too many to speak at once, it was important that they each have a chance to speak. More important? Their being here added so much weight.
Every continent except Rhir represented in power. And for Terandria? Well, Feshi had to admit…she was a tiny bit spiteful.
None of the Terandrian monarchs save one had given her the time of day until this had begun. So she got a spot—although Krshia might have had something to do with it, since she had suggested the man who relayed the unusual request to her. As for the other—well, she thought Wil would thank her.
