8.49 M – Revised
Page 28
Mrsha backed up from the stomping feet. She was in the press of Gnolls now, cursing silently, and it seemed like half the Meeting of Tribes was coming over here. Why not, after the Stargnoll, famous people, and Fetohep himself had been sighted?
“It was—I saw M—I s—Inkar, I have to find—my Aunt—”
Tkrn was babbling, unable to make the words come out fast enough. Everyone was focused on him, not the other voice lost in the babble.
“Hello. Hello. Hello. I’m Mri.”
Mrsha slapped her voice-necklace, trying to jump up and be seen. Damn you tall people! She was waving her arms as the smoke cleared when someone spoke and the ground shook.
“Stop. We shall have calm.”
A tremor, but then it was like the world grew still, and everyone stopped babbling, and it was all…peaceful.
Mrsha looked about. The crowd broke up, and she backed up. She peeked out of the tangle of legs and saw two Gnolls standing there. They must have heard the commotion, and like the multiple Chieftains and Shamans in the mix, had decided to restore order.
The Gnoll who had tapped his staff on the ground was a [Shaman] with a normal brown eye and a strange other eye. It had a depth to it, a winding maze of the kind Mrsha had only seen once before. That eye seemed to see all things.
Yet it missed her because it was aimed at Lehra, Feshi, and the others. The [Shaman] spoke, and Mrsha, who had been about to jump out into Tkrn’s arms, or find Vetn and Tesy, froze when she heard the name.
“Chieftain Xherw. Your words?”
Standing before her was Chieftain Xherw of the Plain’s Eye tribe, the same tribe that hunted white Gnolls, Doombringers, one of the most powerful [Chieftains] in the world.
“Thank you, Ulcreziek. Honored Feshi, Lehra, and the guests and friends of the Meeting of Tribes. Is all well? We saw the commotion.”
Lehra’s ears drooped.
“Chieftain Xherw. Sorry. It was my fault. Again. I just had to challenge Feshi’s dagger thing. And then Fetohep of Khelt appeared!”
“Did he really?”
The Chieftain raised an eyebrow. His fur was dark, with lines of silver—rather nice looking. He wore the Raiment of the Plains, a light artifact made with beautiful colors faded by time, despite the enchantment. It bore the Plain’s Eye’s motif, which included eyes, among other symbols.
None of this was bad. In fact, if she had not known him, Mrsha would have thought he was a bit ordinary, although she would have known he was a Chieftain. He was not super tall, but he did look like a warrior, or a former one.
However, as every Gnoll who had ever stood near him knew, something walked with Xherw. A presence.
It hung in the air, hundreds of feet wide, making you feel its weight, unseen. Not on your shoulders but somewhere else. It was not necessarily unpleasant, though it felt that way for some; for others it was inspiring. A shadow of something in the world; a mark of power.
It was not an aura, though. And, like Feshi’s undead, it had only a small effect on all those in attendance, reminding them that they stood in Xherw’s presence—all those in attendance, that is, except one.
Xherw’s eyes roamed the Gnolls, who looked variously abashed, impressed, amused by Lehra’s antics, annoyed by the incident, and everything in between. Of course, he looked around at head height.
