8.49 M – Revised
Page 44
“Ask yourselves who forgot they remained. Gnollish memory is a famous thing. Someone has taken a quill to it, which I quite applaud. I couldn’t have done so well myself. That is my testimony. Now, if you will excuse me, I believe I may soon be court-martialed or summoned before the Assembly of Crafts. Good day.”
He cut off the image of himself before anyone could speak a word. Then it was madness. Then everyone was speaking, demanding that Chaldion be brought back, demanding that other leaders of Drake cities, who were suddenly very reticent, be put on. It was done. Some people watching—even enemies, people who found the entire business as reprehensible as could be—still felt the urge to stand up and applaud.
Earl Visophecin of Ailendamus and the Blighted King even did. Applaud a craftsman on the stage, an artist of intention. That took all the momentum in the world and trained it…
Where? Drake plots. Lack of magic. Traitors?
Raskghar.
Somehow…he had thrown water into the air. And now they saw it. Like the Stitch Witch of Terandria, who decided she had an interesting project as well. Who smiled. They all saw it. Glittering drops of water on a tapestry of very different things.
All…somehow…connected. Now tug at one string and find out where it led.
If you dared.
 
——
 
Every Gnoll in the Great Plains was practically glued to the drama unfolding between Chaldion and the council Feshi had convened. It was about them. It was a clue to a greater story. Treachery and betrayal and mystery.
And why not? It was the most important thing that could happen today. For almost all of them. What could be more important than that? What could be…?
“Mrsha?”
It was just one word. A question. A name.
Her name.
Mri was her name. The little Gnoll girl wasn’t too attached to it, but no one had actually said her real name since they had come to the Meeting of Tribes. Her real name was dangerous. Who knew it?
Well, anyone who’d heard Drassi’s broadcast, maybe. But Mrsha wasn’t that spectacularly rare of a name for a Gnoll. Why apply it to her?
For that matter—who could recognize her? Tkrn had recognized her face because he had visited the inn where she stayed for a long time, saw her face every time she was there, up close. He was an exception. With her brown fur, the Stone Spears tribe markings, who else could…?
The strange Gnoll had picked Mrsha up. She’d been so terrified of Chieftain Xherw that she hadn’t moved, just grateful that he shielded her from Xherw’s gaze somehow.
Because…he was a Chieftain himself? The Gnoll had the appearance of one, though she didn’t recognize the blue dye and markings of his tribe. But he had a bodyguard, and he’d been right next to another Chieftain—the famous Chieftain of the Steelfur tribe, who’d gone off without giving Mrsha a second glance.
Yet this Gnoll had gone pale.
He had picked her up, spoken her name—and now he grabbed her and hurried her off. Mrsha didn’t know if she should fight back or not.
How did he know her name?
She began to squirm as she realized she was getting farther from her protectors, Vetn and Tesy, but the Gnoll had her firmly in his grip.
“Excuse me. I have to go. Please. Please.”
The Gnoll Chieftain started. He almost dropped Mrsha, then swiveled her around.
“That’s impossible. You can’t—”
He almost let go of Mrsha, but then his eyes focused on the speaking-crystal necklace. He stared at Mrsha’s fur.
“You can’t speak.”
