8.49 M – Revised
Page 13
“Simply to redefine the world, Chieftain Iraz. I do not know if Gnolls will take my metal and create great tribes or armies. I am a [Smith]. I do not know if this heralds some great new era—but I do know this. Demas Metal will sweep this world. In ten years, it will be sought after by every Gold-rank adventurer. We have the means to make more. We have the resources. Unlike Mithril, Adamantium, and Orichalcum—of which there is enough only to arm a small group, or one person—Demas Metal will arm armies. And I will sell it only to the tribes, or let them sell it to others. But I do ask a fair price.”
Iraz was agreeing as he listened to Mrell.
“That is fair, Chieftain Mrell. And Steelfur will be honored to support and bid on your items.”
Indeed, this was what many Chieftains said, although Iraz was refreshingly direct. Mrell smiled and offered Iraz more food, but the Chieftain had already eaten his fill. Iraz took some to be polite, and Mrell saw him eying the blade. Everyone, from Greenpaw and Orelign to Steelfur, wanted Demas Metal. If—and only if—it could do everything Mrell said it could.
There had to be a catch. A plentiful metal exceeding steel? It had to have some weakness or flaw. That’s what they thought in private, where they tested Mrell’s gifts. But here was his dirty, dark secret:
There wasn’t one. Not one flaw that he could find. It didn’t dissolve if you sneezed on it right. It didn’t have a crippling weakness. Krshia Silverfang had upset the Meeting of Tribes with her announcement, and rightly so; Mrell himself was shaken by the news. But the announcement of his metal would be just as grand. Demas Metal was simply a revolution.
The two Chieftains toasted the success of Demas Metal. Then Iraz asked a pointed question.
“If I were to ask for…twenty blades, each custom-made for my best warriors, could you produce them?”
“I have the ingots here, Chieftain Iraz. I can have my best [Smiths] work on them, and I would personally forge your blade myself. They cannot stand up to the greatest artifacts—so I can offer you nothing worthy of a Chieftain’s blade. But perhaps armor?”
You could wear Demas Metal without it affecting other magical gear, which was a huge plus, and he was talking Iraz into commissioning some chainmail. Which was damned annoying to make, but if Chieftain Iraz wore it and when people saw how it worked in battle…
The two Gnolls were about to seal the deal with a shake of the paws when Mrell sniffed something. He closed his eyes as an acrid odor assailed him.
Dead gods, not now.
Iraz sat up, smelling the exact same thing and hearing what Mrell did. A faint…pattering sound.
“What is that? Some smith or…?”
No, it was not that, and he realized what it was just as any Gnoll would. Both stood up, and Mrell strode out of his tent.
He didn’t post guards around his tent because his tribe was too small to need them, especially during the Meeting of Tribes. But it occurred to him he needed them now, not because of the threat of assassination, but to deter…
A pair of Gnolls stood to the side of the tent. Both female, and both with markings on their fur from a tribe neither Iraz nor Mrell belonged to. One Gnoll had just adjusted her loincloth.
She was currently peeing on the side of Mrell’s tent. She and her companion froze when they saw the two staring Chieftains. They hadn’t expected Iraz.
“Uh-oh. That’s the Chieftain of the—Prha, run!”
