8.49 M – Revised
Page 29
So he completely missed the little Gnoll girl, lost amid a sea of legs, cowering and hiding her head with her paws. She didn’t know why, but she stopped jumping up and down, and suddenly hid herself deeper in the mix of people. She didn’t have a good reason. Only that, suddenly, without even needing to remember he was the Plain’s Eye’s Chieftain…she was terrified.
Don’t see me. Don’t look at me. She hid her face, as if not seeing him meant that he would not see her. She was shaking so badly that she missed what was being said.
“…moment like any other. Spirit is well, but disturbance…”
“Yes, Shaman Ulcre.”
Lehra was being lectured. It was so ordinary. Xherw smiled, and the crowd was laughing, already beginning to break up. Yet as he looked away from Tkrn, who had gone as stiff as a statue, Xherw paused.
“Where to, Ulcre?”
Xherw glanced over his shoulder, looking around as if something had distracted him. The [Shaman] sighed.
“We are due to meet with Wild Wastes next. Then Daemonbane. We shall not have war, and at least Silverfang agrees. Their words could push us into it.”
“We must not. Some censure, but…a moment, Ulcre.”
Xherw laid a paw on Ulcre’s shoulder. He frowned, his head dipping, his eyes searching.
“Something the matter, Chieftain Xherw?”
Mrsha was frozen. It was as if a spotlight were roaming the crowd. It kept missing her because it was at the wrong angle, but if he saw her…
She began crawling away, hoping to find Vetn so he could steal her away. Or Tesy, so he could hide her! Someone! Someone…
But Vetn and Tesy were desperately looking around for Mrsha, unable to slip away so close to Tkrn, who had a grip on Tesy’s arm. They were not enemies, but they didn’t know that!
Mrsha was alone. Now Gnolls were noticing her, but to them, she looked like just another young Gnoll refusing to walk on two legs. They gave her room, which was the last thing she wanted. Mrsha was panting wildly. Xherw’s gaze was swinging downward. She heard an exclamation.
“Whose cub is this? Ah—excuse me.”
“Did I miss the fight? Is that Lehra Ruinstrider?”
“Chieftain Xherw, no less. I might have to excuse myself…”
The last few Gnolls broke up. And now Xherw was homing in. He paused for that little moment in time when a single look could change everything. So many people, all coming here.
Drawing together. Xherw glanced down as Ulcre, his [Shaman], waited.
“Chieftain…?”
 
——
 
The Chieftain of Plain’s Eye blinked, shook his head. He saw nothing out of the ordinary. He thought—for a second, he’d thought he’d sensed something, but it had vanished. And he had experienced tricks of the mind like that before. It wasn’t even intuition. It would have become intuition if he’d laid eyes on…
“Never mind, Ulcre. Today will be a busy day, and I am beyond distracted. Where were we?”
He walked on. He had missed Mrsha. Somehow, incredibly, his eyes had alighted on her for a fraction of a second and swept past. But she had been shielded.
Mrsha was frozen, terrified, but she wasn’t on the ground anymore. Something had blocked her from Xherw’s sight for that fraction of a second, which changed everything.
No. Not something. Someone.
In a gathering of countless Gnolls, someone had picked the little girl up. Not Tkrn, who was arguing fiercely with Vetn behind a magical shield, drawing in Gire, Feshi, Inkar, and the rest. Nor was it Krshia, who was far away elsewhere.
