8.49 M – Revised
Page 19
Stone Spears. The gray pattern on her arms and shoulders was technically for older Gnolls, but who else but Mrsha could wear it? It made her sad, but Qwera had approved. She was the last of the Stone Spears in this world. Stone Spears should be at this Meeting of Tribes. Even in secret. And it made her look like a real Plains Gnoll.
Mrsha was proud, and happy to be eating, but she was also…tired. She just wanted respite. She wanted Lyonette to come here and to see Krshia and for the adult to say that everything was going to be okay.
“Why don’t we find a place to sit, Vetn? Or should we look into, y’know, the Silverfang thing?”
Mrsha had been thinking the same thing. Vetn shrugged.
“We can try, but I saw a huge crowd around the Silverfang camp. You know, because of the news.”
Mrsha frowned darkly. Oh, yes, the news. Tesy and Vetn circled back with Mrsha—but only after they picked up some nali-sticks being sold by the Gaarh Marsh tribe. And the news was on every tongue.
“They stole our magic. Stole it. The [Shamans] are saying that’s why no Gnoll can cast magic.”
“Well, now that the crystal’s gone, surely we can all be [Mages]…?”
“No. It’s deeper than that. See?”
Mrsha idly looked around. Then she dropped her meatball snacks. Vetn cursed, and Tesy bent.
“Oh, no. What’s…”
But Mrsha was staring, open-mouthed, at…of all things…a Gnoll standing there. Holding a magic wand. Then she looked around and realized. It wasn’t just one Gnoll.
 
——
 
“Do you have a spark, Honored Qwera?”
The Golden Gnoll of Izril put her hands on her hips.
“I have plenty of sparks. Which one are you referring to?”
One of her fellow Gnoll [Merchants] who’d come to visit gave her a grin and held out a wand. It had been dead in his paw, but the instant Qwera took it with a frown, it lit up.
A faint glow, but faintly orange. She blinked at it, and he sighed.
“You do! Congratulations.”
“Thank you. Now, for what and why should I care?”
He laughed.
“It means you have magical aptitude! For [Mage]-magic, that is. All of us could be [Shamans]—well, all those in a tribe. But our magic was suppressed. Inhibited. Apparently, if we were born close to one of those magic–anti-magic things, we might have lost our mana wells entirely.”
“Damn. That’s…beyond heinous. So they took away your magical capability? Not just your ability to cast it?”
The Gnoll glared at the wand as he took it back, which turned blank when he held it. He shook his head, face bleak with loss.
“Look. It’s just a reaction, they tell me. The wand draws out mana—a Grand Magus from Wistram developed the spell to test whether we have a mana pool. Apparently, most of us will not. Honorable Qwera must be lucky.”
“I wasn’t a Plains Gnoll growing up. So yes.”
Qwera brushed at her paws, then looked around. She snapped her fingers.
“…And that’s why every third Gnoll has a wand.”
Indeed, it was a craze. Every third Gnoll had a wand, or was trying out this test, or trying to cast [Light], or [Spark], or another Tier 0 spell. It gave Qwera an idea and she whirled.
“Hey! Stop unloading the rest of the cargo! Get me every magical object we’ve got! Wands! Staves! Orbs!”
Her team rushed to the caravan, and Qwera smiled like a [Bandit]. Ysara rolled her eyes.
“Don’t you have better and more important things to do, Qwera? Like help Mri?”
“I can be an altruist and make a profit, Ysara.”
“I think that’s actually impossible.”
“Well, then, forget the altruism. Besides—we have to be subtle about this. We’ll get Mri to the people she needs to meet. We just have to keep her out of sight.”
