8.49 M – Revised
Page 39
“Proof is an onus that’s a pain to produce. A judiciary will struggle to prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that the Gnolls’ claims are true. I’d question that. But as a bit of propaganda, for public perception, why not?”
He waved that off, insolently. Yisame’s fan snapped open to cover her nose and mouth. Not to be outdone, Pheislant’s [King] snorted and sat back, arms folded. Which didn’t mean he wasn’t outdone, but he tried.
Chaldion ignored both of them. He looked quite deliberately at Torishi, then at Eldavin, then at the King of Minotaurs, eye steady. He took a sip from his glass, exhaled softly.
“Proof is such a tiresome thing. You will never get it fully, and even if you do, I assure you, the Walled Cities will deny it. Drakes will not believe you, and they will not be wrong. They didn’t have a claw in this. Drakes in cities far from Pallass, Fissival, Manus, and the rest will rightly say it wasn’t their doing. So let’s reframe the question. Why was it done? And now, ask yourselves this: By whom? Because let’s just say that one Walled City would not be enough.”
Dead silence. Yisame dropped her fan. Jecaina sat forward, and Fetohep waved away his goblet, looking as if even the immortal drink had soured on him. Torishi’s eyes widened. The Queen of Desonis gasped.
The sound was cut off a second later by thunder. The Seer of Steel had slammed his gauntlet down on the table. The babble of voices was so loud that Eldavin silenced it all.
And there sat Chaldion. If Feshi, watching, had ever doubted he was a monster like the other great [Strategists]—well. She had just watched him throw part of Izril to the wolves. And so brilliantly that she almost wanted to applaud him.
“Grand Strategist Chaldion! Are you implying that you know for a fact this was orchestrated by the Drakes?”
Chaldion raised his eyebrows as the King of Pheislant rose to his feet. He didn’t answer immediately—because someone was hammering on the door to the bar.
“Excuse me. It seems someone objects. That may be Fissival’s ambassador. Or a mob. Keep them out. Send for Magus Grimalkin and General Duln if they attempt to break in.”
He gave orders to an off-screen person, then focused back on the scrying orb.
“Excuse the noise. I am here as Grand Strategist of Pallass, Your Majesties. In the interest of Drakes, I must keep my people’s best interests at heart…”
He took another sip, from the second glass in front of him, water, and grimaced.
“But it occurs to me that saying nothing is worst of all. So—I am under truth spell. Skills, I have no doubt. Hypothetically, if I knew about any plot—”
Torishi roared.
“You knew?”
Chaldion waited, sipping his drink, and Eldavin silenced her section, though she began hurling things.
“Chieftain Torishi, you will have your moment, I promise you. Grand Strategist?”
“Thank you, Grand Magus. Let’s say I knew. Or uncovered it. Under truth spell…let’s say I knew of some foolishness. Something I would go as far as to say was the most idiotic plan—and I know idiotic plans. It is not in my interest to unveil it, even if I could do so without waking up with a dagger in my chest.”
Chaldion played with his drink.
“But if it came to light, and I sat before a grand jury, I might be able to admit I knew. Certainly that one Walled City maintained…something. And another Walled City, not Pallass…led the co-venture.”
Waxworks. The Minotaur King was leaning forward. Foliana actually picked up her orb to give everyone an unparalleled view of her ear.
“Which two cities?”
