8.49 M – Revised
Page 55
Now it came out: Mrell and Prha were in the center of another kind of spotlight. What else was there to do but explain?
Mrsha didn’t hear it. She heard him speaking, in a shaking voice, saying it less coherently than he had said it in his tent. She didn’t listen.
She had a quill in one paw and a bit of paper in the other. She was still trying to say something. She had dropped her activation rune. And that wasn’t her voice anyway, just some prerecorded messages. Only what should she say?
Her…parents—the Gnolls who had brought her into this world, rather, and then abandoned her—stood here, in Torishi’s tent.
Chieftain Mrell, who had saved her from being seen by Chieftain Xherw. Who looked guilty in his successful tribe. Prha, who had thought Mrsha was a spirit.
I will protect you. Words many people had said, that Chieftain Mrell had said. The thing he called himself. Which he had no right to say. Lyonette had earned the right.
Mrell was staring at Mrsha. Longingly. Desperately.
Mrsha refused to meet his gaze. Now. Now, only now…she began to write. Her paw began to shake. Her shoulders trembled.
Tears fell out of her eyes. Only here, only now, as Chieftain Torishi, basking in the sunlight coming through the top of her open tent, bent. She did not know Mrsha, but her face was kind.
“You have traveled a long way, Mrsha. Even here, much has happened. Too much in one moment. What is it you wish to say?”
Mrsha wrote, hand shaking. Tears rolled down her face, dripping from the fur around her chin. She held something out to Torishi. The Weatherfur Chieftain read it, slowly.
Now—at last, this was the only thing Mrsha could think to write.
 
I want to go home. To Liscor.
 
She was done. She wanted to go home, now. With her mother. She wanted to go home, go back in time, lie in her room, and erase this place from ever having happened. Even if it meant that she never would have met Qwera, Vetn, and Tesy.
Torishi sighed. She looked back, and the sunlight was not the harsh light of warning. Even so, Mrell and Prha flinched. Urksh had looked like that once.
It was the look of a Chieftain. But Torishi did not shout at them to leave. She looked at Mrsha. Then she walked around the tent, to the scrying orb that still broadcast the arbitration council, now engaged in arguments, debate about what should be done.
There was dissension in the Meeting of Tribes. Confusion. Anger. Could there truly be traitors among them? Torishi looked at the white patch on Mrsha’s wrist. And there lay an entire world of knowledge.
When Torishi spoke, she sounded very tired. She did not address her words to Feshi, or to Mrell, or even to Mrsha alone. Just to herself and the tent. The world and no one.
“We are a bitterly cruel people. We put tribe in front of person. We quarrel, and we diminish in our smallness, our shortsighted pride. We have descended into madness. And we are hated, hunted by other species. We hate and hunt each other. There is little good, on those dark days, that I can say about Gnolls.”
She looked up at the sun, which vanished behind a cloud, then turned her head. Mrsha saw the light vanish. Rain did not fall. Torishi shook her head.
“But that is what I can say of every people who has ever lived. We try. Sometimes, in the trying, we succeed. And we are glorious. Right now? I look at a brave girl who survived killers coming after her. Who traveled across Izril and survived, despite all odds. Who has a story that stretches before and after her and already makes her something of a legend.”
She looked at Mrsha, then pointed to Mrell and Prha.
