8.49 M – Revised
Page 45
Mrsha’s eyes widened. She definitely didn’t know this Gnoll…did she? He wasn’t from Liscor. But how did he know she couldn’t speak? She hesitated, but if she triggered her speaking crystal, her canned speech would be obvious.
Twice confused by her ‘voice’, Chieftain Mrell stared at Mrsha. And again, his eyes darted to her face, with faint recognition but no true certainty. He saw something, but he wasn’t certain.
What he looked at was…her fur. Her brown fur. And more than that, the gray markings on her shoulders and arms. Mrsha saw the look and went still.
Slashes of gray, arrows in stylized patterns across her fur. Any Gnoll of age could apply them, though most only did as a matter of rank or for special occasions. Mrsha had thought it would be an honor, a Good Thing. No one else knew what they meant exactly. Perhaps someone might recognize them, but the markings were those of her tribe. And her tribe was dead.
“Stone Spears. It’s Stone Spears’ markings. And you…”
Yet he knew it. Mrsha stared wide-eyed up at Chieftain Mrell. He looked at her, then recoiled.
“You’re the runaway child? You w—”
He recognized her at last as the kidnapped girl! Mrsha squirmed harder, kicking at his arms, but now Chieftain Mrell’s head snapped around. He whirled, largely unnoticed among the Gnolls chattering about seeing Fetohep of Khelt and the Stargnoll. Then he began to run.
“Chieftain Mrell? Something wrong? Who’s the child?”
One of his guards spotted him as the Gnoll hurried with Mrsha still struggling in his arms. The Gnoll was panting.
“I—nothing. I know this…send a messenger. I’m returning to my quarters. No meetings with other Chieftains.”
“A famous [Merchant]—”
“Later. This is important. I need you to send a runner to the Sofang tribe. Now. Tell them I demand that Prha come here now. To me.”
“Yes, Chieftain.”
Mrell. Prha. Those were stupid names. Mrsha…thought they sounded familiar. But how?
Something was stirring in the back of her mind, but she was reaching for it and…not. At the same time. What a curious thing. It was almost as if she knew. But she didn’t want to.
Was that why she let him carry her out of danger into a foreign tribe’s camp? Gnolls greeted this Chieftain Mrell, and he answered with strained casualness. He was clearly well liked, and it was a fairly prosperous tribe, from what Mrsha saw. Smallish, but it looked pretty wealthy. She heard a lot of hammering, smelled smoke and metal—a crafting tribe?
“Seal the camp. No visitors. I’m—working on a change to Demas Metal. Tell everyone I will see them later. Tonight, if I can. This is a…guest.”
The Gnoll strode into his tent, issuing rapid orders. The guards stared at Mrsha, but they didn’t question the orders. Mrsha found herself in a Chieftain’s tent, carpeted by expensive tapestries depicting Gnolls in battle. There was a single rolled-up cot and samples of that strange Demas Metal stuff.
Was this the Chieftain behind the blades? She sat there, staring up at him. The Gnoll went to the tent flaps, closed them, fumbled with something, and hung it up.
A [Silence] charm. Mrsha thought she should be worried. It was likely he had realized who she was somehow and was now going to kill her.
Except that he knew her tribe. He knew her name. And she knew him. He looked back at her, at last, and she saw Mrell flinch.
He wore a band of Demas Metal around one bicep, a Chieftain’s loose garments over his top, and a loose kind of kilt open at both sides, made with cotton and richly dyed. He smelled like coal and fire, and he was young.
