8.49 M – Revised
Page 56
“Over yonder, I see two very small, very petty Gnolls who did what the worst of us have always done.”
One of the two stirred. Prha opened her mouth.
“Hey…”
Torishi’s single glance made her fall silent. She walked back over to Mrsha. The girl did not want to look at either of her parents, and Torishi knelt.
“I know this is a painful moment for you, Mrsha. So listen to me. Close your eyes.”
Mrsha did. That was easy. Torishi murmured, very gently.
“There sits Chieftain Mrell of Demas Metal. And, I think, Prha of Sofang. You know what they are. What they claim? You know that too. I do not know all of what they said. But you sit in my tent, in my tribe. So I say this: as you close your eyes, you do not need to open them and see them again.”
“Chieftain Torishi—”
“Be silent, Mrell. Weatherfur is speaking.”
Chieftain Eska snapped.
Torishi waited.
“If you do not want to, Mrsha, when you open your eyes, you will not see them. If you do wish to—and I believe someday you should—Chieftain Mrell will be there. You will speak with him and he with you, if you so desire. But remember. No matter what you choose—you do not owe either one of them anything. You do not need to love them. You do not need to listen to them.”
Mrsha listened desperately as that kind voice went on. She squeezed her eyes shut.
“Neither of them can take you or force you to do anything. They can hurt you, by kindness or thoughtlessness or cruelty. What you take, and what you give, is your choice. I only ask that you think. You do not need an answer for all these troubles. Just tell me when you are ready. What do you want, right now?”
Mrsha trembled. Because that was exactly what she wanted to be asked. She reached out, and a big paw let her squeeze it. Mrsha cried. She wanted to go home. And she wanted her mother.
She knew what she wanted right now. Slowly, Mrsha wrote and gave Torishi a bit of paper.
 
——
 
Feshi Weatherfur saw the others talking in her camp. Such an unlikely alliance. Ekhtouch, famously reclusive; Silverfang; Longstalker’s Fang—and Demas Metal.
But not their Chieftain. He had left, as had Prha, to their own tribes, silent. Neither had the words yet to begin to comprehend this moment.
Only three Gnolls remained in the tent. One was Torishi, the other Feshi. The last was the Gnoll girl with white fur, albeit covered by her fake brown fur. Feshi couldn’t take her eyes off her.
Tkrn had only said a few things. But his remarks had been like the Professor’s stories—here was a girl who had survived Goblin Lord and Raskghar.
Doombringer…no. Feshi listened. That was what Torishi had done. Feshi had been afraid of what her Chieftain would do, but now Torishi sat with Mrsha, who had stopped crying and was blowing her nose. Torishi was speaking, softly.
“I was once told there was a time when Doombringer was not the name they called you. But we have forgotten…I know part of why we began hating your kind. Such terrible days—but it was not your kind’s fault, nor was it ours alone. It was a tragedy, and we must not let it repeat itself.”
Torishi had been a [Shaman]. Yet Feshi had known with every fiber of her being that Torishi would not kill a child, white fur or not. So she came over as Torishi stroked Mrsha’s head.
“But you shall not die. That is my promise. And it is written twice, because we were wrong about magic. Silverfang showed us the truth. So when Krshia Silverfang and Tkrn shout that we have been fools, I listen. Here is my niece, whom I trust. Do you know her?”
Mrsha looked up. Feshi bent over and smiled.
“My name is Feshi. You’re Mrsha, aren’t you?”
