8.49 M – Revised
Page 2
But technically, Feshi was Torishi’s first cousin five times removed. Not exactly ‘close in the tribe’, given that Weatherfur’s Gnolls shared a common bloodline. Most Gnolls could probably boast something like that of all their Honored members. Why did it matter? It didn’t unless someone said it. Then Feshi was the niece of the Chieftain, [Strategist] of the Titan’s Academy, as if he didn’t graduate countless [Strategists]…
She was obsessing, Feshi knew. It was a bad habit of hers. And of her tribe, really. She moped over to the open tent and seats where a somewhat silent, isolated…Gnoll…was taking her breakfast. Her arm trembled a bit as she ate some kind of toasted baguette. Her features were very pale under her fur, to the point where it was noticeable. But Feshi took that as a good sign.
“Yerra, how are you feeling?”
The Selphid grinned with some of her former vitality.
“Better. Now that I can’t hear Venaz snoring from two tents over. Although Peki’s worse. You know, every Gnoll moved their tent two dozen paces away after the first night?”
Feshi put on an air of mock-solemnity as she shook her head.
“We want to give you space as Honored guests.”
“Hah! I like that. My people would probably be too polite to do anything. No—wait. We’d just turn our ears off at night.”
Yerranola cackled, and Feshi was glad to see it. She gave Yerranola a quick glance, but the Selphid seemed like she’d had a full meal.
…Which was to say exactly half of what Feshi would eat for breakfast. But that was a bursting meal for a Selphid, whose body mass was simply lower than any other species but a Fraerling. The only times Yerranola ate large was when she wanted to taste something—or if her body was so freshly dead she could make its digestive system work.
“Busy day, eh?”
Yerranola carefully poured herself a cup of something strange. It looked like off-white tea at first, but it had a dark blue glow underneath the creamy substance at the top. Her medicine.
“Yes, though I’m not sure what my part is in it, no.”
Feshi sighed. She hadn’t been there at the Meeting of Tribes when Krshia Silverfang revealed that Gnolls could use magic. Or when Ferkr broke in to prove the truth of it before the disbelieving Chieftains. She had heard, of course: every Gnoll in the Great Plains had heard, though it was only a day since.
Some were making stories of it, a grand production, and the name Krshia Silverfang was on every Gnoll’s lips—along with Chieftain Akrisa’s and Ferkr’s. They were famous.
And I met Krshia Silverfang. She seemed…nice. Intelligent.
How strange for Krshia to suddenly become so famous and important. But then—it had happened to Feshi after Daquin. Yerranola too. Even now, after nigh on a month of resting at the Weatherfur camp, the Selphid got looks from children and adults. The wounded [Strategist], the Selphid who’d been at Daquin.
She bore it well, drinking her special medicine from Oteslia—a powerful painkiller—the antidote for the poison still eating at her.
Two very important people, international celebrities, if minor, at the Meeting of Tribes. And, Feshi felt, about as useful as ticks on a Stelbore’s ass.
Yerranola glanced at Feshi.
“Fesh, you’re spiraling again, aren’t you?”
“No I’m not.”
Feshi jerked her paws away from her belt, where she was fiddling with the diamond dagger. Yerranola rolled her eyes.
“Oh, sure. You’re not sitting in your tent, brooding over your dagger and obsessing over bringing ‘worth to the tribe’. Sure. I believe that.”
“I’m needed here. I should obsess a bit.”
Feshi turned red under her fur and crossed her arms defensively.
