8.49 M – Revised
Page 21
Lehra threw up her paws as her friend rolled all her eyes. The Gnoll stalked off to eat something in a huff, tail furiously wagging.
Feshi sort of understood what Lehra meant, but it was a complex situation. Technically—and she didn’t voice this aloud—Lehra had taken the item that Dragial had paid her to recover. So he had some claim to it, although it was true that it seemed like the Blade of Mershi had chosen its owner.
Anyway, it just went to show that this place had as much to fascinate as what was on the news. So why weren’t they recording the Meeting of Tribes?
The answer: Gnolls didn’t like Wistram. They had no Wistram [Mages] here. Ergo, there was little motivation for coverage.
“But we need attention. We deserve it.”
“What’s this about attention we deserve?”
Lehra popped over, full of nervous energy after eating six nali-sticks in quick succession. Feshi jumped.
“Er—I’m sorry. I was just thinking out loud, Lehra. I was thinking that we need the spotlight. Why is Wall Lord Dragial talking—”
“Exactly! Shut him up! Arrest him!”
“—when Drassi could be interviewing Chieftains here?”
Lehra grabbed Suxhel’s shoulder excitedly.
“That’s a great point. Why can’t we be on the news? I’ll tell everyone what Dragial is doing!”
Suxhel gave Feshi an appraising look. By now, Yerranola had edged over. She’d run off for a second and had come back…with an armful of autograph squares.
“Excuse me, Lehra. I’m a huge fan. And I have family, cousins, friends…could I ask you to autograph these for them?”
Lehra happily began signing as Suxhel addressed Feshi.
“I believe you are right, Strategist Feshi, but television strikes me as being like the Clock of Eyes. It swings the world’s attention to whatever is loudest, not to what is most pressing. To swing the gaze here requires great urgency, which we have—but perhaps also something else. Something more.”
“The Clock of Eyes?”
Suxhel raised her oddly segmented fingers.
“Pardon. It’s a Gazer creation. A trap that stops all it sees. It is a simple thing, albeit deadly. I only meant that if you wish to have Wistram News Network feature the Meeting of Tribes, it must have an interest in the meeting. And Wistram and Gnolls are historically divided.”
Feshi agreed.
“Yes, although one Grand Magus seems like he’s sympathetic toward us.”
An idea was taking shape in her head. She might not be Niers Astoragon’s most aggressive student, or fastest, but she was one of his best. And although she didn’t have a specific genius, like Wil’s in logistics, she had a talent that had bested Venaz more than once.
She remembered the lessons she’d learned and never made the same mistake twice. Now she thought she was internalizing a lesson he had begun to teach them, but in a type of war new even to him.
Yerranola gestured at Feshi as she overheard their conversation.
“You’re referring to Grand Magus Eldavin. If our group heads to Chandrar after this, we should try to stop by Wistram. I know it’s sort of an odd route, but it seems too good to miss, if they’ll let us in. I’ll sign autographs if it helps.”
Lehra nodded eagerly. She eyed Feshi, and leaned in to whisper, far too loudly.
“Oh, yeah! I forgot you were bound for Chandrar! Don’t you have the Diamond Swords of Serept?”
Heads swiveled, and people stared at Feshi and Yerranola, reminded of that bit of recent history. The Gnoll [Strategist] hesitated and put a hand on her belt.
“I only have one. The rest are securely locked away—aside from Wil’s and Venaz’s.”
The Named Adventurer looked excited; artifacts like these were what her kind lived for.
