8.49 M – Revised
Page 32
“A trifling matter. It shall appear forthwith.”
Indeed, in the time it took for the next person to appear, Eldavin casually murmured a few words, and a wine bottle, glowing with preservation runes, popped delicately out of the air. He made it hover and poured himself a fine glass of a deep blue, almost black liquid. For there were kinds of grapes undersea that landfolk had never even heard of.
Two more attendees. Then, abruptly, four. A Gnoll appeared in front of a tent, looking rather nervous. Someone else hurried out of frame, and a second later there was another.
Gnolls. Two of them. One was no less than Torishi Weatherfur. The other—and Feshi felt a bit bad about this, but she’d accepted the invitation, of course she had—was Akrisa Silverfang. She had her [Shaman] standing next to her, and it seemed there were more Gnolls all waiting in the background of both frames.
“Ah.”
Fetohep inclined his head.
“Khelt greets thee, mighty Gnolls of the Great Plains. For as long as sand endures, your people have trod every land. Wayfarers, the great travelers of Izril. It is my pleasure to meet Chieftain Akrisa of the Silverfang tribe and Chieftain Torishi of Weatherfur. I also note Shaman Cetrule of Silverfang.”
He was good. Feshi hadn’t even told him who was attending. Grand Magus Eldavin wasn’t any slouch either. He made a gesture.
“Indeed. Upon Wistram’s name, I invoke the Archmage of the Eternal Grasslands, Archmage Kishkeria, and the second, Archmage of Izril fifteen centuries past, Archmage Dreosh. Let Wistram never forget that Gnolls have shaped magic across the ages. I greet the Great Plains and let them sing the names of their magical kin forevermore.”
He leaned forward as the two Chieftains waited.
“And may I offer, once again, my deepest apologies on behalf of Wistram for our part in this debacle? I take responsibility for Wistram’s culpability in this…manipulation, intentional and ignorant by turns. It does not behoove Wistram. It will end. This is but a poor gesture, but I shall personally ensure that all wrongs are righted.”
The two Chieftains exchanged a glance. Akrisa opened her mouth, then Torishi spoke. She drew herself up. She was no immortal or half immortal, but she was as dignified as Feshi could have hoped. Even indoors, the sun shone around her, her permanent aura. When she was wrathful, the air was charged; when she was sad, it rained. Right now, the sun shone, but it was expectant. A prelude to something else.
“Your words honor us, Your Majesty Fetohep, Grand Magus. The tribes of Izril know your names. They shall echo across Izril. This day shall not be forgotten so long as memory endures.”
“Of that I am sure.”
The Grand Magus bowed his head. Then his tone became a hair more casual.
“Might I offer you His Majesty Fetohep’s fine vintage? It does quite the honor of the occasion…unless you would care for something else? Courtesy of Wistram, by delivery, and great Khelt’s limitless largesse, naturally.”
He toasted Fetohep, who smiled.
“Naturally.”
Akrisa hesitated. She seemed a bit mesmerized by the grace and impeccable class of the speakers. Her open mouth finally moved.
“Wine? I, ah—ah—wouldn’t mind some.”
