8.49 M – Revised
Page 53
A pair of paws caught her. Someone leaped and yanked Mrsha out of the sky. Paws dragged her to earth, and it was not Mrell—who stopped, suddenly afraid—or Prha, or any Gnoll Mrsha knew. A Chieftain calmly caught Mrsha and held her up.
“Is this the one?”
“It’s her.”
Mrsha went still. She looked for that golden glitter, but it was only fake gold on fur. No Qwera.
Why, then, is there still gold? She looked up and, through the clouds, saw something shining down.
A golden ray of light. And the Chieftain who held her was illuminated by it. It played over her dyed fur, and she smiled as she turned.
“Is this the girl, niece?”
Feshi Weatherfur exhaled. She looked at Mrsha and the little white patch, quickly blocked by Chieftain Torishi Weatherfur’s paw. She nodded toward their camp and all the Weatherfur, Ekhtouch, Longstalker’s Fang, and Silverfang Gnolls who had come searching for her.
“That’s her.”
“Demas Metal’s here. I recognize Chieftain Mrell. Signal our people. He cannot shout, or it will be dangerous.”
Torishi murmured. She lifted Mrsha up, into the ray of light.
“I found the troublemaker! All’s well!”
Mrsha stared around. Troublemaker? Me? She saw a figure starting toward her, face filled with relief.
“Mri!”
Vetn? And there was Qwera, pushing through the crowd, and Tkrn, and that Human girl, and…Mrsha looked at Torishi, and the Weatherfur’s Chieftain smiled.
“Hello. Don’t worry. You’re safe. Are those Gnolls after you?”
She looked past Mrsha at Mrell and Prha. Mrsha didn’t know what to say, so Torishi nodded in answer to her own question. She looked tired. Worn from her duties on the scrying orb council, though it was still ongoing. She jerked her head at Feshi.
“Let’s go, Feshi. Come, child. You’re safe now.”
Mrsha didn’t know if she was. But then Weatherfur Gnolls were around her, escorting their Chieftain to their camp and her private Chieftain’s tent, telling the others all was well. And…escorting Chieftain Mrell and Prha forward. They stood in her tent as Torishi spoke.
Feshi, standing behind her Chieftain, Mrsha, sitting just behind the impressive Chieftain of the Weatherfur tribe. Warriors standing outside, and an audience behind them, lined across the entrance and walls, her friends, Vetn, Qwera, Tkrn, strangers like Inkar, all of them listening, trying to understand what was playing out before their eyes. Torishi knew. She looked at the two Gnolls standing in front of her, almost as if they were on trial.
“Chieftain Mrell. I trust you will listen first. Speak after. I do not know what you may think—but this child is under Weatherfur’s protection. Weatherfur, Silverfang, Ekhtouch, Longstalker’s Fang, and Liscor’s.”
Chieftain Torishi had Mrsha right next to her. She did not know everything. She looked at Mrell warily, and he didn’t know what to say. So Torishi went on.
“Before you say anything—this is a time of great change. Everything is unrest. If you declare her…anathema, as some tribes might, I will not stand idly by. I would not have tribes do battle. So I ask you to listen.”
“No, Chieftain Torishi. That wasn’t…”
Feshi glanced at Mrell, who was lost for words. She was behind Torishi, eying the Weatherfur warriors who were far back…but would notice any slight gestures she made. Vetn had run off somewhere to tell Krshia, who was still with Akrisa, debating the issue worldwide.
Krshia didn’t know. Torishi didn’t know, because the sun shone down as radiantly as the intense smile on her face, ready for trouble, a warning glare. Such powerfully bright light. Her wariness was because she had no idea.
