8.49 M – Revised
Page 49
She had never met such a coward. Him? He came here and just picked her up and—
Her head swung around. Now, now she saw it all clearly. She looked. Saw.
What a fancy tent. How rich it was. She knew rich. She stared at his clothing, letting go of it. The armband, a signal that this was what he was selling.
Demas Metal. Now, there was a name that screamed pride. Confidence that the name would one day equate to fame and fortune. Not ‘Stone Spears’. Her tribe had never been rich.
She had never really cared, but she had known what it was like to want a bit more in the food pot, to have Urksh worrying about where the tribe would go. They had lived along the High Passes with dignity and pride. They had laughed and life had been fun at times, hard at others.
This Gnoll? He was rich. He had a growing tribe and a special metal. He had come here, to the Meeting of Tribes, to be richer still. After he had left the Stone Spears tribe. Been exiled.
She sniffed the air. It smelled like metal and burning and soot. Even that was like home. Stone Spears had always had a knack for minerals and mining. These were talents he had learned from her people. But he had no right to them.
Urksh had cast him out. He had said Urksh’s name, and he had no right. This Gnoll had been cast out of his tribe. If other Plains Gnolls knew, would they want to join his tribe, buy his metal? He hadn’t even…he’d left…
Suddenly, Mrsha didn’t want to be here. She looked at Mrell and let go of his clothing. She backed up. She stared at him—then bolted for the exit.
“Wait—”
Mrell moved. He was out of his chair and after her in a flash. Mrsha was almost out of the tent flaps when he grabbed her by the sides. She whirled, punched, kicked.
Let go! Leave me!
She wanted out! Begone! She wanted to find Vetn and tell him to bring her to Oteslia. Now! Nownownownow!
“Wait. Don’t go. I’m sorry. Mrsha, I’m—”
Mrell was desperate all of a sudden. He picked her up, and she bit him. She sank her teeth into his arm, and he cursed. Then—stopped.
Mrsha looked up. Mrell had almost yanked his arm free, but he stopped. She felt his muscles tense—then relax, and his face took on a pained, reserved expression. As if it didn’t hurt. As if he was going to just take it…
She bit with all the strength in her jaws and saw his face contort. Mrsha sank her teeth deeper, gnawing, as if she were trying to tear his wrist in two—
“Stop!”
He tore his arm free. She tasted blood and spat a clump of fur out. Mrell stared at his bloody wrist.
She snapped again, and this time he jerked his arm away. Mrsha kicked and punched, and he held her back. He had to drop her or she’d have bitten his other hand. She landed hard, and Mrell moved toward the door. He already had a healing potion out.
“Please, listen to me. I don’t know what to say, but—”
Mrsha spat on his carpeted floors and watched the dribble of bloody saliva give the image of a Gnoll on the beautiful carpet a funny face. She snarled and looked for the entrance. She darted left, and he blocked the way. She could slip past him, but then the damned Gnoll spoke.
“Prha is coming. She’s your mother. Mrsha. My daughter…”
Her eyes widened with outrage. What did he just say?
My daughter. Someone else had said that. And she had every right. Lyonette, her mother, said that. What did he just…
“Mrsha, I’m your f—”
She stopped going for the door. Mrsha put her paws over her ears. She saw his lips move. Saw him looking at her.
He walked over. Mrsha got to her feet, tried to walk around him. She still had her paws over her ears. He blocked her way, said something.
