8.49 M – Revised
Page 11
But such metals were few and far between. Demas Metal? Iraz had the blade that Mrell had presented him with. He flicked it up and caught it, the light glinting off his own steel-gray fur.
Mrell admired Iraz. Here was a Chieftain that Mrell wanted to be like. Iraz too had created the Steelfur tribe by dint of his Skill, which gave them all fur like steel. In fact, Mrell felt a commonality, and Iraz clearly seemed to think there was some value in speaking with the new Chieftain, hence their breaking bread together—and dipping it in silkap—this early morning.
“I will admit, Chieftain Mrell, there is some weight to your words. But I assume you have a point?”
They were debating, as Gnolls did, although in private, without an audience. Mrell inclined his head eagerly.
“I would not say something so provocative without proof. And my proof is this: Demas Metal. It was not a creation I could have come up with alone. I did not, in fact; though the final creation I claim as a stroke of inspiration. But I learned my craft from another species.”
“Really.”
Iraz set the blade down. He admired the strange alloy.
“It is not purple, like Orichalcum. But it has the same qualities. Cloud blue to dark violet, depending on the weather. Hard. Strong—but that tells you nothing. Even steel can be sharp as can be with a great [Blacksmith] behind it. This, though?”
Iraz made a slashing motion, very quick.
Mrell was glad he didn’t jump. He stared at the fine line that followed the tip of the blade, then vanished a heartbeat later.
“Is it a magical effect?”
“Just the metal, Chieftain Iraz. If you strike a shield or piece of armor made of the stuff, it leaves the same…afterimage. It doesn’t harm, but Demas Metal has many qualities. It is superior to steel, heavier than Mithril, but just as strong. And as you know, it has another grand secret besides being beautiful when swung.”
Iraz grinned his warrior’s grin, and his eyes lit up. He put aside the blade and refilled his small bowl. They were eating from Mrell’s prepared snacks, and the Chieftain of the Steelfur Tribe did not eat silkap on bread or crackers—not when Mrell had treats out. Everything from pickled herring, cheeses, and even odd treats like roasted plums to fill voids in the conversation.
Yet it seemed Iraz had a fondness for Chandrarian dates; he had already eaten sixteen of the sweet fruits. Unlike regular dates, these were not a brown or purple, but remained yellow and even red or blue, despite being wizened. They also had a mix of drinks; in this case, Amentus wine, sweet and only a bit heady this early.
“Yes. I found out when testing it. I could have remained ignorant.”
Mrell smiled too, deeply pleased.
“I knew you’d discover it. And how else to show what a gift it could be in the hands of enough warriors?”
Chieftain Iraz agreed slowly, taking Mrell and his tent in. The younger Chieftain had a tent decorated with his research notes. Books, of all things; guides to blacksmithing; even what was akin to an [Alchemist]’s workbench devoted to metallurgy.
“It is not complete, though. You said there were improvements to be made.”
Mrell spread his paws helplessly.
