8.49 M – Revised
Page 17
Qwera spun with the wrath of…Qwera…and both Gnolls hid behind Tesy. Qwera pointed at Tesy, also known as Sellme, the Magical Painter, who looked around for someone to hide behind.
“Tesy, take these two children around the Meeting of Tribes. Not far—and if you get into mischief, I will break your favorite paintbrushes with my own two paws. Get some food. Buy it if you have to.”
“Can I have an allowance?”
“Make Vetn pay. I’ll pay him back. Five gold pieces.”
Mri brightened up, as did Tesy. Vetn just sulked.
“No, you won’t.”
“Damn right I won’t. Get lost!”
Tesy, Vetn, and the little Gnoll scampered off despite that, and Qwera went back to unloading her caravan. It was odd—she had publicly declared that she wouldn’t bother attending the Meeting of Tribes, but one supposed she had learned of something worthy of changing her mind. Demas Metal already seemed promising.
Ysara wasn’t much of a surprise, either, given her status as another [Merchant] who sold both arms and ingredients depending on her location and inventory. Vetn, Tesy? Childhood friends, just one Gnoll and Drake out of many in the Meeting of Tribes.
So there they were. A small gang to join the great, wonderful, eye-catching Meeting of Tribes. Qwera, Tesy, Vetn, Ysara, and Mri, the little Gnoll girl.
Or rather…Mrsha. She clung to both Tesy and Vetn’s hands, making them swing her off the ground rather than walk as they groaned and held her up. Beaming, eyes popping with everything to see, the interesting sights, smells…she was here.
She’d made it.
 
——
 
It was all part of Qwera’s master plan. With Plain’s Eye Gnoll hunters stopping everyone on the roads, ready to pursue even one child close to Mrsha’s age, even in her caravan, she had decided there was only one place to hide Mrsha.
Among as many Gnolls as possible. Of course, everyone had said it was dangerous. But Qwera had pointed out that their options were slim. More important, Mrsha had allies here. Krshia Silverfang, even her mother, had intended to come here.
To get Mrsha out of the city and past the checkpoints, she’d made Vetn do it. The Thief of Clouds had been hired to steal Mrsha away from Ysara. Which he had done. It somehow let him use his Skills, and so he had run with Mrsha in his arms on one breathless night.
She thought Wanderer was fast, but he was like nothing compared to the Thief of Clouds. The Gnoll had raced up a wall, leaped past two [Guards] while they were distracted in response to a little noise spell he’d used, and landed on the other side in a moment. Then he had raced across the grasslands.
He’d avoided the Plain’s Eye hunters too. Invisible, soundless, he had sped Mrsha low through the grass, leaving no trail, leaped over a gorge, shadowed a galloping City Runner on horseback at night, and run and run to deliver Mrsha back to Qwera, who was waiting to take her to the Meeting of Gnolls…
…And he had been confined to bed for nearly two days straight with muscle pain. He refused to take a potion for it, claiming that it would build up his body. Despite Qwera having paid him five thousand gold pieces to steal Mrsha, he wouldn’t spend so much as a silver coin on a healing potion.
Mrsha thought he was funny. She liked Vetn, even though he was cheap and whined about spending five gold pieces out of his fortune on snacks.
“Don’t be stingy, Vetn. Mri’s never been here. Neither have I! Do it for us—come on. Pwease?”
“Tesy, I swear…”
The Drake rested his head on Vetn’s shoulder and gave him a fairly good Mrsha-eyes impression. Mrsha copied him, and Vetn scowled.
“Fine. We’ll take four.”
