8.49 M – Revised
Page 42
“There was groundwork before. The idea that Gnolls couldn’t become [Mages] was already quite prevalent. Rather, if you recall history, that was an attempt to send a Gnoll to become a [Mage]. It failed. Why? There is a secret here, isn’t there, Grand Magus Eldavin?”
“Yes. It seems so. And it seems that it behooves anyone curious to investigate this incident.”
Eldavin flicked his eyes to the side. Chaldion let the cigar heat up; it would not last as long as it was meant to. It didn’t matter. Now he spoke more quickly.
“So. A conspiracy long laid. Walled Cities…other parties. You don’t know how. And you don’t know why. Something was gained. There was a larger reason—well, I suspect the Walled Cities saw it as straightforward. But what would someone else gain?”
Queen Yisame could hardly contain herself, eyes flashing with what could be read as fury or excitement.
“Tell us already, and spare the secret! No mystery lasts forever! Skip to the end!”
Chaldion paused. He seemed to take umbrage with Yisame above all others; as if her lack of a concise verbal jab was more offensive than her pressing him.
“Your Majesty. I am protecting the interests of the Walled Cities. Should I be more direct, it would be dire for my people and cities.”
The Queen of Nerrhavia’s Fallen threw back her head. Her eyes opened, and behind her, six [Handmaidens] snapped open their fans like the wrath a small hurricane.
“Dire? More still than everything you have admitted? Do not presume, Grand Strategist. You are here before a council of judgement.”
“In what court? I see only arbitration. There is a difference between public opinion and law, Your Majesty. Nerrhavia’s Fallen does not command Izril.”
Chaldion was turning away when Yisame spoke.
“No secrets lie buried forever, [Strategist]. Tyrants die, even if immortal, even if we must claw and tear them from their thrones, and kill them a thousand times. This is the very truth my kingdom was founded on. So speak your truth. Or else Nerrhavia’s hordes will pry it out. Not as invaders, but because we were invited by the rulers of this land. Just so as we march shoulder to shoulder with the House of Minos, Dullahans, and Humans.”
The Grand Strategist of Pallass stopped, a claw on his cup. He looked back, and a light shone from under his eyepatch. Yisame looked straight past him, fanned idly by an attendant.
“…Forgive me. That overreaches. After all—I did not ask those with the authority, nay, the right. Chieftain Akrisa, Chieftain Torishi. What will you? May I offer you an armada?”
She smiled, as the other leaders looked at Yisame, and her vainglorious nation cheered their [Queen]. Yet of the two Gnolls…Torishi spoke.
“Your Majesty. Not yet.”
Chaldion saw Torishi rise. The Chieftain of the Weatherfur tribe looked at Chaldion.
“Grand Strategist. You play with words well.”
“Thank you, Chieftain Torishi.”
She gave him a bitter look.
“You hide dark truths well, until it becomes convenient for you to tell all. I wish I could say this was Pallass, and turn the wrath of empires on you. But it is not Pallass, as you so carefully say. You throw other Walled Cities on the pyre, and hint. I expect no great revelations—not in common words from you. Nor can I ask for armies and war, because my heart does not want these things. Not now. Not until great decisions have been made, and you will not guide us far, only hint.”
Chaldion frowned, because there was no direct opening there. Torishi just looked at him.
