8.49 M – Revised
Page 24
Lehra got to her feet, unharmed. She stared at the undead warrior. Suxhel and Yerra both saw what Feshi had.
The Minotaur skeleton was smiling. Of course, all skeletons grin. But this one was definitely…
Lehra’s eyes narrowed. She abandoned the longsword and shield. There was a flash, and Feshi saw in the next moment the Stargnoll holding a halberd.
“Let’s see how you like it.”
Suxhel shouted from the sidelines, exasperated.
“Lehra, you don’t know how to use a halberd!”
“It’s sort of like a spear! Let me see—aha!”
Yerranola watched as Lehra charged in and the skeleton blocked the blow, almost contemptuously. It seemed to know this was a spar, or else Feshi suspected it would have punished the huge overswing. Then the skeleton stopped smiling. Its one-armed block began to waver, and it grabbed the halberd with a second arm, forcing Lehra back. It seemed she was strong too.
Even so. The audience realized this was a closer match than they’d thought and began betting in earnest. Yerra anxiously turned to Suxhel.
“Uh…can I redo that bet on Lehra?”
“No.”
Yerra winced as Lehra yelped and dove out of the way of a return chop.
“Halberds aren’t my style! Mace! No, wait! Greatsword!”
The Selphid addressed the [Wizard].
“He’s a lot better than her. She. Whatever this champion is.”
Suxhel nodded slowly, her eyes flicking to track the fight—both combatants at once, look at Yerranola, and survey the crowd, all at once. It made some people nauseous even to see, but Yerranola had met Gazers before and conversed as naturally as could be.
“She trains with Emper and Elgrinna, but she’s not at their level yet. If it won’t kill her, please have your undead beat her bruised, Feshi. It will be a good lesson in overconfidence.”
“I think I can do that, Suxhel. I’m sorry about this.”
“No. It isn’t your fault. Lehra thinks she can beat anyone just because she has the Blade of Mershi. She’s done this before.”
“And why, pray, is a Named Adventurer sporting against one of Khelt’s greatest champions? Poorly?”
Yerranola turned her head. She looked at a bouncing little Gnoll with gold ears, pointing with open mouth as Tesy and Vetn held her paws and placed bets with a nearby Gnoll—against Lehra. The girl was gaping at Feshi. The [Strategist] combed her fur, embarrassed. Yerranola replied absently, still looking around.
“Well, Lehra wanted to see if she could win, and we’ve never tried to use the Diamond Dagger and—”
Her voice trailed off. Slowly, one of Suxhel’s many eyes rotated downward. So did Feshi’s and Yerranola’s. They all had a thought.
…Who was speaking to them?
They all looked down at the dagger Feshi held. From there had come the voice. Now came the icy reply.
“I see. I granted you the words of greater summoning, Strategist Feshi Weatherfur, to call forth the greatest souls contained within the dagger when your need is most dire. You could have summoned a lesser shade of Khelt, but you have chosen its greatest warrior. I take offense.”
“Your Majesty?”
Feshi had heard that tone before. The dagger flashed—and sand billowed up. A figure appeared, and Yerranola backed away.
A skeletal monarch made of sand stood next to Feshi and regarded Lehra slashing and parrying the Minotaur’s blows. He slowly twisted his head, and even though he was made of sand, his simulacrum conveyed the flashing of his deathly eyes, his displeasure.
