8.49 M – Revised
Page 57
The Gnoll looked at the famous [Strategist]. Yet Feshi didn’t think Mrsha was the one most impressed by the meeting.
They had much to tell each other. But not now. Today was a day of great revelations. Great news. Things coming together.
Too much. So when Feshi took Mrsha’s paw and led her from the tent, the others blinked at the strange girl.
She had…brown fur. But someone had dabbed green and red on her and other colors besides. She had gold ears, courtesy of Qwera and Weatherfur.
Inkar clapped her hands together.
“Oh! How smart!”
Feshi had covered Mrsha’s white patch.
Torishi came out of the tent.
“We have much to do.”
“You have never said truer words, Torishi.”
Eska walked over. Torishi smiled.
“But not we as in, we here. You and I, Eska, we have much to do, yes? This child will go with Feshi. And I entrust her to her guardians, who will not let her out of their sight.”
Vetn and Tesy flushed, and Mrsha was amazed they still had their ears.
Qwera nodded.
“I won’t let her out of my sight.”
Tkrn promised too.
“Or mine.”
Torishi raised an eyebrow.
“All of you might be just enough. But I think we have less to fear now, yes?”
What? But Mrsha was right there, and she had her magic wand, her true nature hidden by paint, but…everyone looked at Mrsha, who rubbed one red eye. What did Torishi mean by that?
As if in reply, as the light faded over the Meeting of Tribes, Torishi led Mrsha and Feshi out of the Weatherfur camp. And there Mrsha saw a sight to take her breath away.
The Gnolls had stopped watching the council on the news. They had broken up, but they might reconvene tomorrow. Certainly Walled Cities and tribes would shake and tear apart over this. Something had begun.
But anger and rage could only last so long. Right now, there was a feeling in the air. Solemnity. A quiet. But not silence.
As light faded from the sky, and even as Torishi’s place in a permanent spotlight of her own weather turned quiet and still, darkness fell over the camp.
Yet no one lit torches or braziers. No one reached for a magical lantern or asked a [Shaman] to illuminate the darkness. Instead, Mrsha saw, in the crowd of gathered Gnolls, someone lift something up.
It was a wand. Bought at a markup from the Golden Gnoll or donated by Wistram, found, and held in an uncertain grip.
A Gnoll with a wand. Slowly, the tip began to glow with a faint green light. Not the green of any color Mrsha could name. Not the green of any artificial screen but a color mixed in a shade only produced by magic.
It filled the darkness, touched the silent figures. One light. Others held wands. But there was nothing.
Then…someone lifted a staff. They raised it high overhead, planted it, and a shimmering small fire of blue insects, beautiful little insects that flew and melted, rose upward. Mrsha saw another Gnoll, standing on a platform, lift a crystal ball that began to glow from no power but the one in its holder’s hand.
So few. So far between. Yet the light shone all the brighter because it was so dark.
Mrsha saw more lights appear, each one different. And she saw a Gnoll looking down at her.
Feshi smiled encouragingly. Mrsha hesitated—then plucked something from her side. A hidden object that no Gnoll could use.
Or—at least until a moment ago. She raised it, slowly, as in the center of the Meeting of Tribes, Ferkr of Pallass raised her paw skyward and conjured a vast globe of light.
