8.49 M – Revised
Page 27
Lehra broke away from Suxhel’s berating her to frown at the group and grin.
“Hey, is that Tkrn and Inkar? Didn’t I sleep with one of you?”
Mrsha stopped as a giant Gnoll, nine feet tall, wiping tears from her eyes and holding Inkar’s hand with her other paw, passed right by her. They were both followed by a rather plain, ordinary Gnoll in [Guardsman]’s armor bearing a familiar crest. He scuttled over as heads tracked him, embarrassed.
What a scene. Tkrn looked straight past Mrsha, the brown Gnoll with golden ears, not at all her familiar white-furred self, toward Lehra, Feshi, and the others. Inkar hurried over, still fuming at the way Ekhtouch…Ekhtouched.
“Feshi, what happened? Gire is a bit upset. She was—ouch. Tkrn!”
The Gnoll started. He’d just stepped right on Inkar’s heel with his big guardsman’s boots. He blinked.
“Sorry.”
“Well, everyone’s here. Except for Venaz. Where is he? Wait…wait. Wasn’t there another Human? And that Gnoll made out of metal who kept staring at me? Remember him, Suxhel?”
“He was using a Skill on you, Lehra.”
The Stargnoll was rubbing at her chin, having fun, in the thick of it. Feshi was whispering to Inkar about what was going to happen next. Tkrn? He sniffed the air. He frowned. He looked back and saw a brown Gnoll with gold painted ears.
Completely different. Unusual. Unfamiliar. Except for her face and body, which he recognized. And her scent, which was returning even with de-odor tonics. And her eyes.
Just as you’d notice someone who looked the same as a friend, with the exact same features but a different hair color. Tkrn stared. Rubbed his eyes.
“Is he flirting with me?”
He was walking into Lehra, blankly. Tkrn looked at her. Then he looked back at the wide-eyed Gnoll girl. He slapped his face. Stared at his paw. Rubbed his cheek.
And then he went tearing toward Mrsha. He lunged and grabbed her. 
“What the—”
Vetn yelped. Tesy whirled, paintbrush in hand, and bonked Tkrn on the forehead.
“Let go! What’s happening! Mr—Mri!”
“You—you’re—”
Lehra, Inkar, and the others turned. The crowd was confused; they didn’t see who Tkrn was grabbing, and all three adults and Mrsha fell down. Vetn was instantly alarmed. He grabbed Mrsha, trying to tear her away. Tkrn was breathless. He was speechless!
“What happened?” 
“Where’d Tkrn go?” 
“Hey! Clear a path!” 
“Gire, help me—”
Voices from behind. Mrsha was lost for words herself, but that was how Tkrn knew who she was. He held on to her, squeezing her tight. Him? Silly, stupid Tkrn? Mrsha from the inn, stealing food?
Home?
Them? The cells with Calruz? The right thing? Two rats.
The Wandering Inn.
“You?”
His voice cracked. Mrsha reached out to him. Feshi spotted the little Gnoll girl that Tkrn was holding on to. Her brows snapped together as Gireulashia reached down to clear the knot of fallen Gnolls.
Then Vetn, understandably, lamentably, and with perfect aim, cursed, pulled a little pouch out of his bag of holding, and hit Tkrn in the face with a smoke bomb.
Tkrn let go with a shout of pain. Vetn lost hold of Mrsha too, and so did everyone else. She hit the ground as smoke billowed up.
That fool! The Thief of Clouds had thought someone had spotted Mrsha. Which Tkrn had, but Vetn thought it was someone bad. She moved left, dodging out of the press of feet trying to stomp her. Well, she’d explain everything. And Tkrn! He could take her to Krshia! He knew she was here! She hoped he wouldn’t say anything.
She heard a babble of voices.
“Mri! Where’s Mri—”
“Tkrn! What was that?”
