8.49 M – Revised
Page 10
“She is. But she is also a [Paragon], and her Trials must exceed any other. How else would she level?”
Eska stared at her, then at Gire.
“You put her in this kind of danger?”
“There is no leveling without some danger. Rest assured—we would step in if she looked truly in danger of losing life or limb, but there must be challenge. Please, Chieftain Eska. I understand that our ways seem difficult to you. But the greatest of Longstalker’s Fang’s warriors—skilled as they are—are not Honored Gireulashia.”
Now, there was a statement to take Feshi’s breath clean away. The worst part was that Firrelle didn’t even seem to think she’d given Eska an insult. Eska just stood there until her ears flattened. Then she moved toward Inkar. The young woman was watching with horror, looking for a way to stop the Trial, but Gire was winning. Even so—Feshi glanced at Gire’s parents, who were watching with eager approval. The [Strategist] noted Firrelle’s calm judgment and murmuring with her people about how to make the Trial more challenging.
And she had thought her tribe had terrible expectations of her. Feshi gripped the dagger at her belt.
So this was the Meeting of Tribes? She looked around at the Gnolls watching this exhibition of talent, arguing over the revelation from the Chieftain’s gathering—and watching the scrying orb, where Drassi was covering the news.
The news about them. In this great gathering, which came only every twenty years, somehow the news was all about them—and not about them. It was about Ailendamus, the [Knight] charging Ailendamus’ armies, and the Drake conspiracy—but not about here. As if the Gnolls, even at their peak, were a sideshow to the real events taking place.
That should not be. Feshi had to bring great worth and deed to Weatherfur. It occurred to her, in that moment, that it should also be Weatherfur, Krshia Silverfang, and even poor Gire whose names were called across the world. This was no less fascinating, for ill or good, than anything she saw on the scrying orb.
So why wasn’t it there?
 
——
 
While Gire’s Trial was going on, elsewhere in the Meeting of Tribes, Chieftain Mrell had an answer for Feshi’s question, though he didn’t know she’d asked it. They had simply come to the same conclusion.
“We are an insular people, Chieftain Iraz. We do not look like it, because we travel widely. But I tell you—Gnolls, in their way, are even more resistant to change and sharing than Drakes are.”
“Not a popular opinion, Chieftain Mrell. Especially given how sharing space has worked out for our people.”
Mrell had to own that was true. He sat in his small Chieftain’s tent. Small compared to some of the tents of the grand tribes. But it was his, and he was a new Chieftain. Not as famous for war as Woven Bladegrass, but the fact that his tribe was consorting with famous tribes showed everyone how far they’d come.
He was Chieftain of Demas Metal. The tribe that had risen by sheer dint of the new metal they had created. Mrell was young, in his late twenties. Yet he was Chieftain, having created this tribe by himself. For one reason alone. Because it would change this world.
Because it was the only thing he had left that mattered.
Demas Metal. It lay before them, a deeply blue alloy that had the magical luster that regular metals, even gold, lacked. Like Mithril, Adamantium—when processed and smelted—and other fantastical metals, it had a power to it.
