8.50
Page 55
Something beyond mere moonlight or wariness.
“You do it very well, Visophecin. Tempt me to believe you. You know—that fits in with the stories I know of you. Not your people; I didn’t know they were a people. But it makes me wary.”
“Really. Who told you those legends of Lucifen?”
Visophecin saw Ryoka smile and wag a finger.
“Not Lucifen. We call you devils. And there was never Lucifen. No—perhaps there were more than one. But I knew one. We called him Lucifer. Morningstar. The Devil, Satan himself who ruled over Hell. The place where sinners went when they died. And he was feared and loved, because he rebelled against Heaven. Against angels. Against…God.”
The Devil stood there, looking down at Ryoka. She did not have magical steps, or horns. But the Wind Runner still made the world echo with that last word. His ears…
“I have…never heard that name. What did you say he fought against? Angels? Agelum? And…”
She walked left. Skipping across the glass floor. The spotlight shifted to follow her. The Wind Runner turned. And she winked at him.
“It’s just a story. They tell another one, about Faust, a man who made a pact with a devil. Who sold his soul, and made a deal that cost him everything for great power. We have so many stories about deals.”
“Who is ‘we’?”
Visophecin descended the steps. Ryoka saw him hover in front of the spotlight. The word burned in his ears. He couldn’t even process it. She stepped back.
“People from another world, obviously. You know that.”
It occurred to the Lucifen. He had thought he knew the answer. Now—
Which world? But he was following Ryoka with his eyes.
“I don’t know if I can trust you, Visophecin. You’re too smart. Too dangerous.”
“Are we enemies?”
He walked along the edge of the light, eyes shining out of the shadows. The Wind Runner looked up at the false sunlight. She saw him slowly extend a hand. It hovered at the veil between light and darkness.
“I am able to speak to Rhisveri. I do not know what he hides, but I am no fool. He has always had secrets. It occurs to me that whatever you desire may be given without destabilizing Ailendamus. We both have things to gain.”
“Can I trust you? I could tell you something that would help Ailendamus. Many things. But you are a predator of Humans.”
She hesitated, looking at that hand. Visophecin shook his head. He spoke, slowly, trying to emphasize each word.
“I want you to trust me, knowing what I represent. Knowing who I am and what I do. Because that means you are willing to ally yourself with me despite knowing everything.”
“Why?”
He looked at her, and couldn’t help it.
“Because that would make you fascinating.”
She wavered.
“Can I trust you? You do terrible things.”
“I do. But that does not mean I cannot do things that lift Ailendamus up. No one is without flaw, and the flaws attract me. I am not like my fair cousins, who see only the best and cannot be stained. I am Ailendamus’ shadow, more than Rhisveri. And that is why this kingdom rises. Light needs darkness to shine.”
He felt a sudden desire to win her over, more than practicality. He stepped closer, and the light shone down around him. The Viscount put it all to the wind, and offered her a sweeping bow. His gloved hand rose, palm out. The Wind Runner saw him look up.
“Can you trust I am the hero of my story? We are all sinners. But can you believe me, Ryoka Griffin? Believe even a…devil has a soul?”
For a long moment, the Wind Runner didn’t reply. Seconds passed. Then a minute. Visophecin was lowering his hand when someone caught it.
