8.50
Page 31
Would making a cross help? Ryoka knew she was panicking, but on the other hand, if she made a cross out of silver and Visophecin said it made him feel uncomfortable?
That was when she was going to flip out for real. Ryoka glanced around. She was expecting Visophecin to appear at any moment.
“You haven’t offended anyone, have you?”
Chorisa was glaring at Ryoka. The Wind Runner hesitated. She had a kind of truce with the Thirsting Veil Knights. They didn’t get on her back, and she was at least honest.
“Maybe?”
They groaned, but looked at the Immortal’s Wing.
“We can’t enter…who did you offend?”
“No one! I mean, I didn’t offend him in any serious way. I just—Visophecin’s his name?”
Dame Chorisa had been eying Ryoka’s stomach and clearly wondering how much trouble you got into for beating prisoners, but at his name, she stiffened.
“You mean…Viscount Visophecin? Of House Shoel?”
“Oh come on! That’s not his House!”
The [Knights] exchanged a look. They conferred, quickly.
“The Viscount is…how did you offend him? We may have to issue an apology…”
“The Duke will hear of this. House Shoel? If they lodge a protest with our order…”
Ryoka was looking over her shoulder.
“What’s, uh—the Viscount’s a high rank. I just, uh—ran off from Viscount Visophecin.”
“Why?”
“I can’t say. What’s—what’s he like?”
“Extremely well-respected. I can’t believe he offered you a reason to be offended. He’s not impolite. Did he flirt with you?”
Dame Chorisa gave Ryoka a searching look. The Wind Runner colored.
“No! I just—look. I’m just going to walk away. It’s my problem.”
She began stalking forwards, looking back over her shoulder at the Immortal’s Wing. The Thirsting Veil Knights followed her.
“What is wrong with the Viscount?”
“I don’t know! You tell me!”
Chorisa looked at Ryoka.
“Do you have a fever, Miss Griffin?”
“Maybe? That would explain everything! I—”
The Thirsting Veil Knights tried to interrogate her, but Ryoka was being honest and it was hard for them to figure out why—the truth was she had just freaked out and refused to talk to Visophecin. They still interrogated her, but Ryoka was making tracks and they returned to crowded corridors soon enough.
Servants and guests were all looking at the Wind Runner who was the topic of this morning’s gossip. They eyed the young woman as she passed, and that only added to her paranoia.
Ryoka was picking up speed, but she saw a man striding towards her as she shot through the main palace. She relaxed, slightly, as the man raised his hand.
“Miss Ryoka! A fair day to you!”
A fixed figure in the palace’s courts, Baron Regalius, smiled, and got a weak one from the Wind Runner. Relieved, Ryoka slowed down.
“Baron Regalius.”
“Regalius to my friends. And I hope I can count to call you that.”
He flashed her a winning smile, which made Ryoka stop and follow. They strolled along a hallway with many windows as Ryoka wiped at her brow.
“Sorry. Thank you, and yes, Regalius! Um—I’m just a bit harried.”
“I can imagine, with this morning’s gossip. They say all kinds of things, but I hear His Majesty and the royal family were taken with your…what was it, tricking?”
“What? Oh, yes. That happened.”
The [Baron] smiled.
“Ah, well, children do love Couriers. I think that explains the rest. It should die down shortly; unsubstantiated rumor does that.”
Ryoka had no idea what he meant, but it seemed the Baron was supporting her…for something. He strode along proudly in a show of solidarity. She nodded.
“Thank you…?”
