8.50
Page 8
King Itorin spoke with Ulva Terland. He could not help but inject the note of skepticism in his voice. His lead [Diplomat], who listened in on the calls, winced, but Itorin II was in no mood to sugarcoat anything.
“I quite understand how it must look. But I must remind Your Exalted Majesty that the Five Families render aid to one another whenever another House asks.”
Your Exalted Majesty was flattering. The woman’s tone…was not. Itorin was aware she was famously reclusive and paranoid, but she did not sound meek. Nor did he buy the line about the happy cooperation between the Five Families. So…why, then?
“We must regard this act of war with all due hostility, Lady Terland. I would not wish to make war on Izril’s north.”
Itorin remarked calmly. He scratched at his trimmed beard, imagining, calculating the cost of an offensive. They would have to win the sea, then invade; great kingdoms had failed. Yet it could be done. It was a frank warning and Ulva Terland…
“The Five Families are content to let House Veltras wage its battles alone, save for the aid we have given them, Your Majesty of Ailendamus. That may change, and I am gratified you have taken this moment to talk with House Terland. Your answer, I hope, will not aggravate this delicate situation.”
King Itorin had, among other things, a personal team who trimmed stray hairs, applied light makeup, checked his physical condition, and so on. They all stopped and withdrew instantly as Itorin lifted a hand and his [Diplomat] paled. King Itorin himself had to sit up slightly.
“That is a bold statement to make, Lady Ulva.”
Her voice lost any pretense of honey. It was not quite a snap, but now the edge was out.
“It is no less than the accusations levelled against Ailendamus. I ask you, on behalf of House Terland and the other Five Families who will hear your reply. Is Sammial Veltras in Ailendamus’ custody?”
That name again. Itorin’s fingers were doing a desperate tap-dance on the table. His [Diplomat] closed her eyes. And once again, it all went back to…
“I do not believe I understand the question, Lady Ulva.”
Itorin replied after a moment of desperate thinking, because truth spells and Skills worked many ways. Unfortunately, what you learned was that Skills and magic were all very well, but an incisive mind was more dangerous still.
“Your reply is my answer, Your Majesty. House Veltras lacked for proof, but we stand together in such matters. Is Sammial Veltras in your care?”
Itorin was silent. And of course—that was an answer. So Ulva Terland went on.
“The Five Families shall stay out of this war, King Itorin, upon one condition.”
Condition and answer. Terlands loved their logic-gated theories and ways of making contracts and alliances. It was an absolute with them, so Itorin listened.
“Is Sammial Veltras alive and unharmed?”
The [Diplomat] had three answers prepared. Itorin II took the one circled, underlined, and marked with exclamation marks.
“Yes. I can personally assure you of that, Ulva Terland.”
“Then, King Itorin, we will abide. You may view this as House Veltras’ war. However, I shall ask again.”
She did not immediately end the call, of course. They exchanged a few more lines, and King Itorin II dropped the speaking stone. Then he uttered a quiet oath and leaned his full weight onto his chin and thumbs. After a second, he opened his eyes and turned.
“Something sumptuous for breakfast. Add a pudding option for dessert. Lemon.”
