8.50
Page 37
And it could get worse. A lot worse, especially since there was no bottom.
 
——
 
When Ryoka Griffin stopped, she was shaking. Visophecin walked towards her in that slow, unhurried pace. Behind him was a crowd.
At this point, Fithea had emerged from her quarters to find Ryoka. She was joined by Gilaw, Menorkel, and a few others. The old Dryad glanced at Visophecin, and then Ryoka.
“We found her, Viscount!”
Dame Chorisa was no longer panting. But she was incredibly apprehensive. She followed along in a group of her own and saw the Wind Runner standing there. Ryoka Griffin held perfectly still. Chorisa didn’t understand why—until she saw nearly two dozen [Court Mages], laughing and waving the Viscount over.
“It took some doing, to stop a Courier dead. Protective artifacts—but we found her!”
Ryoka was enmeshed in [Stasis] spells. She saw the Viscount smiling at the [Mages]. He walked forwards, eyes on her. Wondering, clearly, if she would escape.
What a glorious game. Will you surprise me, before I win?
The Devil smiled. Ryoka was shaking, although she couldn’t quite move. No one quite noticed, at least the immortals. Fithea just looked confused, and why not? She had no perspective. Many of the staff or people in the palace were laughing or applauding the [Mages].
Those that weren’t amused or merely indifferent were angry at Ryoka, who had caused this entire mess. Or angry at her for reasons beyond even that.
“There that…harlot is.”
A seething voice. Someone stormed forwards, ahead of Dame Chorisa. The Thirsting Veil [Knight] saw Ryoka right ahead of her and knew it behooved her to get close before Ryoka pulled some stunt and fled. But one did not push past the woman and her bodyguard ahead of her.
Queen Oiena of Ailendamus had heard about this morning. She did not stride at Ryoka, but she wanted to see the Courier. One did not acknowledge one’s foes because that gave them strength. But Oiena did make a point of observing…people…who might soon regret whatever they had done.
In this case, steering her children towards acting like tavern [Performers], slighting the royal presence, involving Ailendamus in a war with one of the Five Families, and attempted seduction of His Majesty.
Any one of these reasons would be enough for Oiena to consider taking matters into her own hands, since Itorin could not do anything and he could not do everything she could. But that last bit, compounded with what she had heard of this Courier—
It still hadn’t worried her when she’d heard of Itorin laughing or shaking her hand; so he’d taken to her. So what? She had not had reason to be paranoid, not since they were newly-wed, so she was confident.
…Right until she heard Itorin had made plans for a private dinner with absolutely no observers, even bodyguards, the next night. That…that was not normal.
Rhisveri’s guest or not, the [Queen] halted, watching the Wind Runner in this new debacle she had caused. Her eyes narrowed with instant dislike and she focused on Ryoka Griffin.
“Courier Griffin. I apologize for the chase. Allow me to make it up to you.”
Visophecin called out to the amusement of the hour. Queen Oiena stared at him, puzzled. He had never been one to participate in many games, only a few courtly diversions, and usually only with a specific bent. She looked at Ryoka, glaring…
Then looked twice. Ryoka Griffin was webbed in stasis spells, even light bindings, and she still had a smudge of ink on her cheek. She looked harried, and Oiena turned.
“What did you say she has been doing?”
