8.50
Page 56
Ryoka saw Visophecin blink in astonishment. He looked at her, surprised. She drew him up. And smiled. The wind blew around the glassy floor like a strange quartet playing on a surreal dance floor.
“Strange. I didn’t think you would believe me.”
He walked with her, feet sliding across the smooth floor and it looked like they were dancing under moonlight. Until they were. He saw the Wind Runner smile at him, eyes alight.
“I’m sure you do have a soul. Or else I wouldn’t be able to tempt you.”
That she-Devil, whispering of foreign worlds and Devils, laughed at his face. He was left without words for a moment. But then he snapped his fingers ruefully and an actual quartet began to play. He offered her a hand.
“Do you dance, Wind Runner?”
“A bit.”
Ryoka Griffin laughed with delight as she did the very thing that fifteen year-old Ryoka would have died for. She had forgotten that. Visophecin’s strange eyes followed her. She leaned forwards.
“You know. You’re very good at being a devil. But there’s one thing you didn’t count on.”
“And what would that be?”
Ryoka smiled.
“You talk a lot about your nature and how everything is selfish. But. If you’re actually a good man, then I think you’d hate anyone figuring that out.”
“Are you sure? I’m quite a deceiver, or so I’m told.”
She grinned.
“Yes, but when I arrived, I could tell you felt quite guilty about scaring me. You say a lot, but you know how much you lie. And the truth is, Visophecin, a bad man—a real devil—never apologizes.”
Her hand tightened on his.
“Besides. Even if you played me like a fiddle, and I’m being duped, there’s one thing I can believe.”
They stood very close together. Visophecin whispered.
“And that is…?”
The Wind Runner produced an obol. She pointed up at the stars.
“I’m your gateway to a stage you’ve never seen. With stakes you can’t even dream of, Visophecin. You know it too, so you need me. And I think we’re going to need a devil on our side.”
He looked at her, eyes wide. Then he laughed.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I feel like I’m dying. Mostly because I just finished writing, it was a lot, and I’m hungry.
But it is more taxing than…even the last few chapters. I’m reaching the end of my writing cycle. Already? One more chapter and I need my break. I can feel it. Quality might have dropped, but I got it done.
This time did feel like I dragged myself over the finish line, though. Breaks do matter for writing…and I will take one for a week, then take one early in November for Thanksgiving. I’ll let you know, but it’s an important vacation. I appreciate the understanding and hope you’re all having a good Halloween.
Which is sort of what this chapter was. I’m…going to collapse over here. No, I’m going to eat food.
I’m so hungry.
 
Amazing art of the Blighted Kingdom’s Court by Bobo Plushie!


Twitter: https://twitter.com/Bobo_Snofo
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/boboplushie

(Full-size version here!)



 
Pumpkin by LeChatDemon!

 
Pumpkin by Prince_Erik!
                     
 
Pumpkin by ECoduti! Happy Halloween, everyone!

 

