8.50
Page 53
“I eat their flesh. Their bones. It is not pleasant, I am told. Rhisveri does not eat Humans or half-Elves or Dwarves or any other species. I, and my people, do. But, Ryoka Griffin. We only consume once a month. And we eat murderers. We eat criminals. We eat predators and killers that Ailendamus judges worthy of death.”
Ryoka was edged so far back in her chair that she was in danger of tipping over.
“Why? For strength? Because you have to? That makes no sense!”
“I believe it has something to do with the nature of people. As for strength? Do you grow stronger if you eat an entire turkey? I wish it were that simple.”
Visophecin looked a bit offended. He looked at Ryoka.
“We eat what we must. Lucifen are predators of people. We are not the only ones.”
Ryoka thought of Vampires. And yet they only took blood! Even so…she shivered.
“And I’m supposed to be okay with that?”
He stood up.
“I thought you might understand. Courier Griffin, listen to my words again. Ailendamus struck a deal with House Shoel. I was there. In exchange for my position, our aid, we are given the people who are bound for the executioner’s block. Men and women of any species who do what you find abhorrent. Last month, I ate a woman who stabbed her husband and two children to death. Would you have rather she lived?”
His eyes glinted.
“There are worse people still. Such that even I felt I did the world a great service by eating them. Would you like me to list their crimes?”
He began to. Ryoka made him stop. Her stomach roiled.
“I understand that! But in any other society, they’d be locked up.”
“For the rest of their lives?”
“Yes! Or humanely executed. If you can’t prove beyond a shadow of a doubt they were criminals—”
Visophecin raised his eyebrows.
“…And if I could? If I personally inspected each one under my magic to ensure they were guilty, and they simply…fell asleep? If we simply disposed of the remains, would that still offend you?”
Ryoka couldn’t respond. Visophecin raised his eyebrows, and then stood. He turned to stare at the sky.
“Well. They do not fall asleep. They do not die peacefully. So you are welcome to your unease. I will not say Ailendamus is without dark deeds. And they are mine.”
He turned his head. And then he smiled, and Ryoka was reminded of the way he grinned at her terror. He spoke, seeming to revel in the look she gave him.
“They broke laws that are not difficult to abide by. Do not murder. Do not steal, or beat, or hurt each other. They did such things that I care not, but if it were done to my kind, I would hunt them down. So their victims know they die. And I feel nothing at all because I must eat. No. I relish that I end them in misery.”
He pointed at her.
“We have reached an impasse, Ryoka Griffin. You see all the secrets Ailendamus bears. I would have you accept them.”
“You, eating people? Rhisveri?”
“Yes. Because we are not perfect. But I reject the notion that we must be. I have entertained the debate—now I ask you this. If I eat the worst of this society, if Rhisveri makes war for his ambitions—what places us behind any other kingdom on this continent? Why are we your principal enemies? Are our people worse than any other? No. I take pride that they are not.”
“Pride? I thought you didn’t care about them.”
The Devil whirled around. Angry. He touched his chest and drew himself up, and he looked taller.
