8.50
Page 21
“She kicked me when we met. I don’t think she likes me.”
Ryoka rubbed at her stomach. Itorin smiled.
“Ah. She’s quite kind. Even Oesca and Ivenius have met her, you know, though they only know her as one of the Great Knights in retirement. She is fond of the royal family; guarded above all others. But Rhisveri is completely beyond all the rest. You know why.”
“Yes. He is. But he’s not the biggest…snake…in the pond.”
Ryoka muttered. Itorin stepped back.
“You are extraordinary. Do you mean that?”
He grew nervous just at the idea. Ryoka looked at him. And it was a humanizing look, as well as one that had both wonder and distance to it. She had seen something, but her smile made him breathe again.
“Believe me, Your Majesty. He’s powerful and great, in his way. But believe me.”
 
——
 
Sammial Veltras met Prince Ivenius and Princess Oesca of Ailendamus and struck a blow against the patriarchy…which was actually the matriarchy in Queen Oiena…with the aid of King Itorin…
Oesca wore pants. And it was as much about family and culture as anything else, but Sammial Veltras was there, and he and Oesca, in the course of two mere hours, both learned how to do a backflip and became friends.
“We have otter-dogs.”
“What do they do?”
Ivenius and Oesca both wanted to know, even though Oesca’s older brother was usually aloof from younger kids, being a [Squire]. Sammial tried to explain.
“They have webbed skin on their feet, and they’re long. But really strong; they can pull water sleds.”
“Water sleds?”
“That’s nothing. Other parts of House Veltras have weird pets. Like Lord Swey.”
“Who’s he?”
“He lives on a big cliff place. He has a pet…buddy. It’s this giant, furry thing that looks like us. It’s called a monkey. He can climb up the cliffs. And he throws poop at bandits.”
“What?”
Oesca began giggling. Sammial was trying to recount to her the famous tale of when the monkey had killed a [Bandit Leader] scaling the cliffs by hitting him with feces, which led to the man falling to his doom.
But that was a sideshow as Itorin and Ryoka walked out of the bubble. Ryoka had an appointment with Fithea, and Itorin had work to do. But he stopped, and, in view of his inner cabinet, took her hand again.
“It was a true pleasure, Ryoka.”
“Thank you, Your Majesty.”
“Itorin. That…is something I should insist upon. I will hope for your success. But perhaps…hm. I have appointments all of today. Tomorrow? If no royal dinners are extant—or if they are, perhaps afterwards?”
“I—really?”
“It would greatly please me to continue our conversation and ask you what you are willing to share.”
Oesca, Sammial, Ivenius, and the court all saw Itorin give Ryoka a rare, genuine smile. Ryoka hesitated, then ducked her head.
“Of course. I’d be honored.”
Such a strange thing. What a strange power Ryoka Griffin had.
What a dangerous moment. Oesca’s nursemaids and several other people instantly had alarm bells go off in their heads. And not the tiny [Dangersense] ones that went dingalingaling. More like giant bells tolling across half the kingdom. Queen Oiena was going to hear about this. His Majesty had looked like he wanted to hug the Wind Runner. He’d almost gone in for it.
Why her? When he had met with foreign beauties and all kinds of…Oesca was concerned, and whispered to Sammial.
“I think father likes the Wind Runner.”
Sammial frowned at Itorin II, who’d he wanted to have words with. He folded his arms and announced, decisively.
“Well, it’s too bad because my father is Tyrion Veltras and he’s courting Ryoka. He proposed to her. Also, she’s not a slut, no matter what you hear.”
