8.50
Page 9
There were many things he had to do. But the one thing he had control of…was lemon pudding. King Itorin II looked forwards to it as one servant raced off to amend the breakfast already waiting for him. Burning ships, Rhisveri’s damned problems, and no one had invited him to the Arbitration Council and somehow Ailendamus was not finding a way onto it, despite all the pressure they were trying to put on other groups.
It was one of those days. Think of the pudding.
 
——
 
King Itorin II stared at a light, yellow piece of custard, topped with a darker rind. Of course, you couldn’t have just pudding if it was fancy. It had delicate sprinkles of what might be some kind of candy-alchemical treat. Someone had added a perfectly cut flower on top—made of a strawberry.
He carefully flicked the flower off and was sure it would never reappear again. The [King] had a small spoon and removed a piece near the side. He took a bite.
Pudding. What a delicious thing. And someone had injected a bit of bitter along the top. But the sweetness—that was a wondrous thing.
“Is all well, dear?”
Oiena looked at Itorin II. He had been silent this morning after his call, and the [Queen] of Ailendamus knew very well that if he ordered pudding, he was expecting a difficult day.
And it was an interesting thing, because if Itorin II so much as said so, he could have a bath of pudding. He could fill an entire hallway with pudding, and drown his enemies in a vat of the stuff, which was a waste, but very stylistic.
He never did. In fact, Itorin II only ate pudding once in a blue moon, or in times like this. Which mystified anyone who didn’t understand what it meant to be a [King] who could send for armies with a single word.
Oiena understood. Their children—at least, the two sitting at the table, Prince Ivenius and his younger sister, Princess Oesca—did not. Itorin II had been born a [Prince] of the realm and he had learned the lessons they would. Oh—how would he teach them this?
They had lessons in riding, etiquette, swordplay, magic, politics, geography, mathematics, reasoning, history, military strategy, and every subject a ruler might need to know—which was almost anything. But how to explain this?
In the past, Itorin II had not loved pudding. A young man or boy had different tastes. He had trended towards a favorite food, which was Stelbore pork. An odd thing, but it was something about the tough boar’s equally tough meat that he just loved to sink his teeth into. Then, it had been a kind of half-Elven pastry called heidas bread that used very magical, natural ingredients. Amazingly good.
Stelbore pork, heidas bread, glowberries, a kind of fondue with six cheeses, various substances and drinks…any of the above were now never served to Itorin II. He had ruined each one for himself, possibly forever. When you could have your favorite meal every day you wanted, any time you wanted, it quickly stopped being your favorite.
To love something, you couldn’t have it. Hence the rule about eating it. In fact, the knowledge that King Itorin II liked pudding was close to a royal secret. The [Chef] was sworn to silence, in order to prevent people wishing to play to his interests from serving it to excess.
