8.50
Page 49
“You wouldn’t poison the wine.”
“I would not. You are someone who must be negotiated with in good faith, Ryoka Griffin. You yourself are a Courier, and, as Rhisveri points out, an enemy of Ailendamus by your actions. Yet you represent powers we are aware of. Hence—my sincere regret for my actions.”
“Because of how you jeopardize our potential relationship.”
Ryoka had him figured out. Or so she thought. A Devil in truth; no sympathy. But a terribly sharp intellect and logic. Yet she was surprised again because Visophecin shook his head.
“Not only that. My actions reflect negatively on me. They ruin my reputation.”
“You care about something like that?”
Two eyebrows rose.
“Of course. Duke Rhisveri may be the individual you are used to, but his beliefs are not mine. I deeply care about my perception and favorability in court. I do not like to besmirch my House’s name. It behooves me to be liked.”
Ryoka’s lips quirked. He was so logical. Scary, but…she couldn’t help but quote Machiavelli.
Just to see what he’d say.
“Better to be feared than loved?”
Visophecin sat there. He sipped from his cup, regarding Ryoka as she reached for a piece of brie.
“Interesting. Why would you say that?”
Ryoka shrugged, spreading it on a cracker. She waited, but all Visophecin did was drink; he never reached for food.
“Just, uh, philosophy. If you had to choose between the two, it is better to be feared than loved, surely?”
“Why would I wish to be feared?”
Ryoka hesitated.
“Well, let’s say you were a tyrant or a ruler. If you were feared, then it’s better than being loved because in times of crisis, someone who’s feared has an edge on someone who’s loved. Obviously that’s if you had to choose. So that’s, um…what’s the quote…”
The Viscount was just watching her. Not blankly, but thinking. He smiled.
“Fascinating. You are quoting someone, but I have never heard that sentiment expressed exactly in such words. I do enjoy discussions of morality. Feared. Loved. Better to be feared? I would never wish that. Only loved, and even then…only vaguely. Admired, as I am now, rather. A respected Viscount. I would rather neither, even as a ruler.”
“Really. But why not either?”
Ryoka chewed down her food. She wondered if Machiavelli could explain better—most definitely. The Viscount gave her a faint smile.
“Either assumes I desire direct power. Either assumes I am a [King] or ruler or someone in power, and assumes I must effect control through loyalty or fear. It is a simple statement. It has no bearing on me. I wish neither love nor fear. I am simply content to be largely invisible. Or have you not seen how Rhisveri and we manage Ailendamus? That is ideal, to me.”
“Ah. Right. Sorry. I was just, uh, quoting philosophy at random. Silly of me.”
Visophecin shook his head.
“Please continue to do so. Smalltalk is quite enjoyable. Yet I believe you and I have deeper matters to resolve. If you are willing to speak to me, and you understand my regret, perhaps we may discuss the reason you came here.”
Ryoka paused, a bit of wine and cheese in her mouth.
“You mean, Rhisveri’s…”
“Treasure. Yes. Which I believe somehow pertains to Erin Solstice. To Liscor. Why else would you have made attempts to heal her? With a Potion of Regeneration no less. It follows, then, that because it failed, you were made aware via your unique allies of something Rhisveri owns. His treasure, that you failed to steal and he hunted you at great cost to obtain.”
He knew. Ryoka realized she was giving everything away by her reactions, but she suspected that was inevitable. He already knew.
“Do you know what…?”
