8.50
Page 47
The Devil sat there, looking supremely uncomfortable, for all he contrived to be lounging in place. Ryoka walked forwards, trying not to laugh.
“…Is this some kind of new game?”
“I wish I could find it amusing. Courier Griffin, thank you for meeting with me despite this morning’s unpleasantness. I was not sure you would accept.”
Viscount Visophecin stood at once. He offered her a chair, but the Wind Runner just stood there. He looked…awkward. Not in how he acted or carried himself, but just in how she found him. She glanced up at the flaming arrow and it winked out of existence; the spotlight did not.
“I take it that’s not normal?”
His features took on a faintest wince.
“I am unaccustomed to announcing my presence. Nor do I find it enjoyable. However, to make amends…the invitation. I hope you believe that I would have respected your privacy had you refused, and attempted to contact you in three more days.”
Ryoka tilted her head at him. She had a sudden realization and tried not to laugh.
“Were you—when you appear behind me, you’re teleporting, aren’t you? Were you just sitting here and waiting for me to come through or dispel the door?”
The Viscount said nothing. Ryoka bit her lip. He looked at her, then went to sit back down. Visophecin sat with his back perfectly straight in the comfortable chair. After a second, Ryoka went to sit too. She saw he’d placed a bottle of wine, one of those spreadable cheeses, crackers, grapes, a number of snacks, all high-quality, before them.
She regretted her dried ration snacks since this looked far better. But Ryoka didn’t touch them. Visophecin spoke, slowly, looking her up and down.
“I am glad you find levity in the situation, Ryoka Griffin. I feared I had damaged any possible chance at conversation beyond all repair. Thank you. I must apologize again for my actions. I behaved in a boorish manner unbefitting me, and I did not realize my trespasses until Her Majesty corrected me. I will make formal amends.”
Ryoka was…surprised. He bowed very sincerely and then sat down again. She didn’t quite understand.
Rhisveri would never apologize. He was a Wyrm. Here was a Devil or…
Ah, misconceptions. Ryoka rested her arms on her legs. She wasn’t cold, though there was a night wind blowing through the palace. The air felt warmer here. And there was that smell of forge fires.
She couldn’t see his horns. But that grey cast to his skin…Ryoka squinted at Visophecin.
“Is this a formal meeting, or an apology, Viscount?”
“Visophecin is acceptable. It is a combination of both. You are free to leave at any time you wish. I can teleport you back to your rooms in a moment.”
“I…see.”
She thought he was growing less uncomfortable now she had sat down. Visophecin didn’t smile. Nor did he move much. He was no fidgeter. His features were not blank—but muted.
“If you would like me to do anything to further pay amends for my actions, please let me know what I can do.”
Ryoka looked at him quizzically.
“You’re sorry? I can accept you didn’t understand how it looked. You’re…an immortal, Viscount Visophecin. Aren’t you?”
“I am.”
He never blinked. His orange-yellow eyes were fixed on her. Square pupils. Ryoka hesitated.
“May I see your true appearance?”
“If you would like to. I shall oblige. It is rare I reveal myself. I hope my actions can prove my sincerity.”
He clicked his fingers. Visophecin sat back, and Ryoka stared.
