8.50
Page 11
King Itorin II saw the way Oesca looked at him, with that too-careful look of someone who ‘understood’ when things happened. He looked at Oiena, who frowned, but had probably taught their daughter about ‘acceptable actions’ like that. Taimaguros…did not play nice. Itorin II felt a headache coming on. So he turned.
“Headache tonic. And a second helping of pudding. Make it something bitter.”
Then he amended his plans.
 
——
 
The Wind Runner of Reizmelt stood, her dark hair whipping around her despite the ponytail as the wind blew in a way it should never have: in a circular motion, a miniature tornado, and she stood in the center of it. Her audience watched as she put one bare foot down, callused, but wrapped in a bit of linen, then leapt upwards.
She rotated her body, spinning, and children pointed and shouted in awe. It was a good trick. She performed a complete rotation, then another, defying gravity, before landing in a spinning move that carried one foot around in a circle.
Wind plus athleticism. King Itorin II had seen better. But he understood why the Wind Runner was famous. She was a striking figure and had the power of wind on her side, but he didn’t see why the children loved her, aside from the wind, which was quite good. Her letting them fly about was a lure, but why this?
There were [Acrobats] who could leap twenty feet up or balance on one finger, or do such tricks with objects in the air that you were left breathless—and those were the ones without magic. Illusions could make anything real, and Oesca and Ivenius had seen both. So why the fascination?
“Alright. Who wants to try that? Or just that cartwheel? Not here! A mat, something soft…”
The Wind Runner was a surprisingly anxious person as children surged forwards to show her the results of their practice. Somehow she’d requisitioned a mattress and let a boy who might be a [Servant] climb onto it. Then Itorin figured it out. He saw the grinning boy test the mattress, ask Ryoka Griffin if it would be easier on the ground, and then, despite the added difficulty, do a standing backflip.
He nearly missed the landing and stumbled, but Ryoka caught him and he was cheered by the other children.
“You can do that without a Skill?”
He hadn’t used one and Itorin twisted one of his rings and saw no [Tumbler] class. Itorin saw Ryoka turn to another girl. A [Squire].
“Courier Griffin! I can do a cartwheel! All the instructors and the older [Squires] can even do it. Look!”
She broke into a running start, then did a perfect cartwheel across the ground six times. Ryoka and Itorin stared.
There was a lot of natural talent in Ailendamus, and the best were put into places where their natural talents shone even brighter. Someone with outstanding physical abilities was a natural candidate to become a [Knight] or superior class, so it wasn’t surprising they had that kind of coordination.
Even so. Itorin understood why his daughter and son were bouncing and looking at him to request a private lesson. And why Oiena didn’t want them to.
“Where is Scholar Jsse? Summon her.”
Itorin II went back to watching as a servant and bodyguard rushed off. Ah, this made sense. These tricks, from handstands to cartwheels to flips and the fascinating aerial tricks, were all things you could do without Skills. It was something that, in theory, any person in the world could do.
Fascinating. Itorin II had assumed Ryoka Griffin was some kind of Courier-[Thief]. Rhisveri had explained a bit of why he was so obsessed. But this…Itorin II kept twisting his ring and frowning.
