8.50
Page 52
“The Court of Masks allows their opinions to be heard. A [Commoner] can rise to a position of office short of the crown on merit. I do not believe other kingdoms do the same. In fact, I know they do not. No nation in Terandria, and seldom elsewhere in the world, has as much opportunity to rise.”
“Except to the very top where immortals rule and never die.”
Visophecin shook his head.
“Of course not. I will not trust a mortal man or woman to make the right decisions alone. Itorin II is a capable ruler. He makes most of his decisions autonomously. However, Rhisveri is the Wyrm behind the throne. I am one of his peers, if advisor to Rhisveri. You disagree with this.”
“I’m only Human.”
The Devil laughed. He sat forwards, looking at Ryoka.
“But what else can you tell me is wrong with this nation, Ryoka? Show me what is evil besides the truth only you know. Forget that one secret. You have met Baron Regalius and the Order of the Hydra, which accepts commoners. Every nation decried that as a lessening of the authority of [Knights]. Rhisveri and I pushed for the change because we saw that it was not only equitable, it would make Ailendamus stronger.”
“I—yes. However…you crush other nations. It’s bloody and kills hundreds of thousands. At least tens of thousands. I only need to point to one action.”
Visophecin regarded her and sat back, frowning, as if he hadn’t thought of that.
“Ah. Of course. Empathy for people you have never met. That is fair.”
He shrugged.
“Alas, I do not think I can convince you Ailendamus is perfect.”
Ryoka narrowed her eyes at him.
“I know it isn’t. This nation is set up to support Rhisveri and you all. It may be…good in some ways. The people are not evil, some of the laws I like. However—it’s for you all. Rhisveri threatened to kill a child. I cannot believe he doesn’t kill more people whenever they get on his nerves.”
Visophecin sighed, vexed at the Wyrm.
“Rhisveri. Would it surprise you to learn that he rarely attacks anyone, even irate as he can be? He recognizes value in the palace’s staff, and if he detests someone, he makes a point of removing himself or them from interactions.”
Ryoka bit her lip.
“…So there’s nothing that immortals do that would bother me at all. You all just live in secret and none of you have any…unlawful activities? If you’d like to tell me that, Visophecin, I’d be happy to accept it. If you swear in the way I choose.”
The Devil sat there. He drummed his fingers on the armrest of his chair. He stared at Ryoka, and his lips moved.
“I would prefer to lie. However, I have already incurred your distrust. Moreover, given Rhisveri’s penchant, I cannot trust he will support any lie I tell. The truth is a risk. I choose to give it to you, in the hopes it will resolve your distrust. And the truth, Ryoka Griffin, is that there is one objectionable group to your sensibilities. Not all immortals were made to coexist with other species. Rhisveri eats, but he may eat meat of any kind. However. The Lucifen are…specific. You have noticed I do not eat, but drink. I may enjoy foods of all kinds. But I eat one thing.”
He looked at her and Ryoka went pale. Her hand slipped to her Faeblade. Visophecin watched her.
“Not you.”
“You eat people?”
He frowned.
“I thought you knew. Interesting. You knew me from the start. But you did not know…what do you know of my kind?”
Ryoka saw him lean forwards with genuine interest. She shook her head.
“You eat—what do you eat? Their souls?”
“Their…”
Visophecin looked at her, blankly. He shook his head.
