8.50
Page 29
“No, he’s not a Demon. He’s very specific about that. He’s one of…I don’t know. A few dozen?”
“A few dozen. And they all have horns and tails and…?”
Ryoka wondered if that made it better. She relaxed a bit. If he was one of many, he wasn’t the one. Menorkel nodded.
“Yep. I don’t know what a ‘Devil’ is.”
“Oh, good.”
“They call themselves Lucifen.”
Ryoka began to crawl under Menorkel’s bed. The Titan didn’t understand. Maybe they only had the appearance.
“So what does he do?”
“Well…he’s second only to Rhisveri. That’s what Fithea says. He’s a magic-user. Without levels. No one knows how old he is. He wasn’t rescued; he showed up with his people.”
The Wind Runner stared out from under the bed like the world’s lamest boogeyman.
“And Rhisveri just let him in?”
“Not immediately. Visophecin’s smart. He advises Rhisveri. He struck a deal. He loves deals. He’s got contracts, too.”
“Oh shit.”
Menorkel went on, glancing at the door, a bit uneasy now, despite himself.
“The thing is…Fithea’s sort of right. I don’t know why you freaked out, but you don’t want to make Visophecin mad. I don’t know how you’d do that; he’s never angry. I once accidentally spilled paint all over his clothes and he just told me it was okay. He even helped me paint my room.”
“What did it cost you?”
“Nothing. Oh. I did a small favor for him, I think.”
The Titan scratched his head. He shrugged.
“He’s nice. But Fithea says don’t make him angry. Rhisveri did that once and apparently we had to evacuate our old hideout.”
“And where was that?”
“The previous palace. Um. Are you going to come out of…?”
Since Menorkel was so huge, his bed was actually quite spacious underneath. Ryoka thought she could live the rest of her life here. It wouldn’t be a bad life. He could bring her food and she could just lie here until she died.
“Okay. Okay. Listen, Menorkel. Maybe he’s not what I think he is. He just…really sounds like something I know. And that’s bad news.”
The Titan scratched at his head. But he had no context.
Okay. It was more than just religion. In fact, it was anti-religion, which was another kind of religion.
But let’s say you were Ryoka Griffin over the many years she had inflicted suffering onto her parents and the world at large before she came to this world. And that was Ryoka Griffin with a hundred different edges.
Ryoka Griffin who partied, who was a rebel, who was ‘batman’ as a little girl and scared her parents at night. She had okay phases she wasn’t completely ashamed of.
But there were other, uh…moments. Moments Ryoka would think of and spend the next hour with a pillow over her head or trying to smack the memory out of her skull. If you wanted to know who tagged walls and thought that changed the world? That was her.
If you wanted to know who stole cars and raced them? That was her. If you wanted to know who experimented with anything from the world of goths to punk?
That was her.
And let’s say there was a Ryoka at, oh, fifteen. Height of her rebellion. Who had gotten tossed out of the reform-camps. Once set a tent on fire…and you can’t pray away what she had. Her parents had tried, and gotten other people to try for them since they weren’t actually the most spiritual types.
Maybe. Maaaaybe Ryoka Griffin at 15, in response to all this well-meaning religiosity, decided she wasn’t just an atheist. God wasn’t just dead a la Nietzsche, but there was someone even better. And she just happened to…make an offering for her soul to the devil as a Satanist.
