8.50
Page 48
He was the same person in height and shape, unlike Fithea, Gilaw, or the other immortals. However, now she saw a pair of fairly tall horns, curving up from his forehead. His skin was grey, not pale. He wore the exact same clothing.
And he had a tail. It hung under the seat. She looked down, wondering if he had cloven hooves, but all he had were shoes…
Shoes that looked a bit different. Longer, as if they held something within. A bit…different. With an arch?
Maybe claws? Visophecin watched Ryoka inspecting him. He was still slim. Still smelled like fire and metal. When he spoke, his teeth were noticeably sharper.
“I trust you do not find me unsettling. Inform me if you do, and I will revert back. However. I believe you are used to species foreign to this world.”
Her head snapped up. Visophecin saw the movement.
“I would prefer not to waste time, Ryoka Griffin. You and I are both aware of facts about the other. But I ask you again, before that. Will you forgive my actions?”
Her face wrinkled.
“You really are sorry? It—wasn’t that big a trespass, honestly. It was very unpleasant, but I’ve seen worse from…immortals.”
It was such a strange thing to say the word out loud. Visophecin hesitated. He looked at Ryoka. Then he slowly shook his head.
“I…am not sorry, Ryoka.”
“Oh. Well—”
“I cannot be. If I could, I believe I would be. But as you know, I am Lucifen. I am…Visophecin of House Shoel. I cannot be sorry. I cannot feel sorry for what I did. I am apologizing because that is the correct thing to do. But I am not remorseful.”
At first she thought he was just being insincere. For a second. Then Ryoka focused on how he said it.
“You can’t be?”
The Devil smiled.
“If I am honest? I quite enjoyed that, Ryoka. More than enjoyed that. I have not been so delighted in fourteen years. I would have continued. I was—enjoying myself. I am grateful to Queen Oiena. For I acted as though you and I were playing a…game. Believe me, if I had not come to my senses by your actions, Oiena’s, or my own, it would have escalated.”
Ryoka felt a ripple of goosebumps run down her arms. Visophecin looked at her.
“I cannot feel sorry for you. I recognized fully what you must have felt, once I stopped to consider the actions I took. But you are Human. And I? My people do not have such capability for emotions. For better or worse.”
Now there was an answer worthy of the horns. He sat there, eyes fixed on her. Seeing if she reacted. So sharp. Ryoka slowly nodded.
“I get it. And you’re…may I ask a question?”
“Naturally.”
“Can you feel happy? Sad? No—”
He lifted a hand.
“I can feel both. Anger, sadness, happiness—perhaps I have misphrased myself. It is not often I need to explain. I can feel the range of emotions any person of sentience does. I envy your kind’s ability to feel emotions so strongly. I seldom do. Another advantage of my species. Or weakness.”
He leaned forwards, pouring a glass of wine. He offered it to Ryoka, and she took it. Visophecin saw her inspecting the dark liquid without drinking it as he sat back. He sipped from his own cup.
“I certainly can feel any emotion I believe you might. I have checked. However. I do not feel emotions like sadness towards…you. Your people. If you bleed, if you suffer. Even what I did to you this day, I understand how you must feel. I understand it is wrong under law and how it will lead to further reactions. I cannot feel sorry for you.”
Ah. Ryoka had it.
“Sympathy. You don’t have…”
“No.”
No sympathy. No shadow, either, even under the spotlight. Reflexively, Ryoka took a drink of wine. She nearly spat it out, then relaxed.
