8.50
Page 10
That was how you kept something special…special. King Itorin II suspected his advisors would be following the battle with the remnants of the fleet on land and speculating on how dangerous the Five Families might be if they went on the attack. They’d rightly want him to cede Sammial Veltras to the wrathful Tyrion to prevent his entry into the war, and order the Duke to cease his actions. And he’d have to deal with that because Rhisveri was a Wyrm, not a mere Duke, and no one commanded him.
Things a [King] could and could not do. He was happy, at least, to listen to his children, who had seemed far more energetic of late.
“Father. May we be excused from our morning lessons?”
“Why?”
Oesca hesitated and her mother sighed. Exasperated. Itorin II suspected they’d gone to her first, but Ivenius explained.
“The Wind Runner is showing everyone tricking.”
“Tricking? Tricking people?”
“No—”
“It’s a ridiculous [Tumbler]’s trick and you two will not disgrace yourselves in public.”
“…What about in private? Father, may we summon her to show us?”
King Itorin II stared at his half of a pudding. Careful now. You didn’t want to rush such things. He frowned.
The Wind Runner. That young woman who’d pulled the stunt on the roof and could fly about like a high-level [Mage]. Rhisveri hated her and wouldn’t say why.
“Hmm.”
“Dear!”
Queen Oiena had been Itorin’s wife for a long time, and was as much Ailendamus’ daughter as her home country’s—Taimaguros, another great power and Ailendamus’ strongest ally. She was canny, quite liked not having to manage the realm but only the pocket she chose to occupy herself with—a lot of it politics from home which she could influence with her husband’s blessing—and she did not hesitate to surround herself with what she loved. Although she understood the same lesson Itorin II knew about excess.
However, Oiena was also aware there was something—odd—about Itorin’s uncle, the only high-ranking member of court who was both genius and aggravating and got away with things. Slights, actions that no one else could. She was not blind. The Wind Runner was part of Rhisveri’s schemes and, therefore, she didn’t want her son or daughter fraternizing with the Courier.
Itorin II, reverse-sculpting the pudding piece by piece, completely missed all of that in the look she shot him. He murmured.
“Why not? Is she very entertaining, this Wind Runner? I thought you would have gotten tired of flying. Didn’t we send for a [Mage] capable of casting [Fly]?”
“Yes, Father, but she uses the wind. It’s different!”
“Really?”
“Yes. She knows all kinds of fun things. She can ask the wind to do whatever she wants, and she saved Sammial Veltras’ life. Would you like my pudding, Father?”
Oesca carefully offered him her dish. Of course, the servants hastened to offer as much pudding as Itorin wanted, which was the problem…he waved away the bribes and looked at Oesca. Suddenly, Itorin was worried again.
“Sammial Veltras? What do you mean by that?”
Oesca gave her father a blank look.
“Sammial Veltras? I see him in the palace, Father. He eats luncheon with us. Sometimes.”
“He has an aura. I thought I had to be sixteen before I started my aura training!”
Ivenius was on his second pudding. Itorin II bit his lip.
“—He just walks around the palace?”
“I think he escapes. He says he’s a prisoner. Father, are we keeping him prisoner?”
