8.50
Page 17
Itorin II slowly raised his eyebrows. He had, in his possession, among utility items like his Ring of Appraisal and protective rings, a truth-telling enchantment. Ryoka’s lie hovered over her head.
“You know Fetohep of Khelt. How many others?”
“Not that many…”
Another huge lie. She knew at least half the Arbitration Council members on screen somehow! Five! It came out as Oesca and Ivenius pestered her. The Wind Runner tried to back up and stuttered.
“Do you know Grand Magus Eldavin? What about that Gnoll? That Gnoll? Do you know Drassi?”
“Not really—I uh—n—well, I—”
It was the most amazing display of lies and half-truths flickering over Itorin’s vision he’d ever seen. Jsse was making notes, and handed him a quick list. Oesca looked up and begged for it. Itorin II was feeling better, so he gave his daughter the list. She read it.
“You know Grand Magus Eldavin, Fetohep of Khelt, Krshia Silverfang, Drassi, and the Earl of the Rains!?”
The power of [Scholars]. Well…the power of anyone who could take notes and tell when Ryoka was lying and make a short list.
Ryoka turned pale, red, and then looked in silence at Itorin and his children, who were all staring at her with a mixture of amusement and fascination. She opened her mouth, realized there was nothing she could say that wouldn’t reveal her, and tried to run for it.
Two Thirsting Veil Knights checked her into the ground. Ryoka lay there, staring dazedly up at the sky. Itorin II blinked down at Ryoka Griffin.
It was a quintessential Wind Runner experience. He began to see why Oesca and Ivenius were such big fans of hers.
 
——
 
Ryoka Griffin was interesting. So interesting that Itorin II lingered outside the room where she was distractedly teaching Oesca how to do a handstand and Ivenius how to do a backflip while watching a replay of Ksmvr of Chandrar’s first documentary. He held court, answering questions, consulting with advisors…
Thinking.
Now Rhisveri’s fascination made more sense. Somehow, this Courier had met people across the world despite being so young. She looked and acted young. She grew flustered, she made mistakes—and he rather empathized with that and found her likeable.
But then she surprised him twice when he asked if she could somehow leverage her connections to get him a place on the Arbitration Council.
“I…don’t know this Feshi.”
“But you do know various members of the Council. If you said something…”
Ryoka Griffin looked at Itorin. Her eyes flickered to the bodyguards, and back at the children; and Oesca, who was trying to figure out how you backflipped in a dress.
“I don’t believe I should talk to…any members of the council, Your Majesty. Or rather, even if I thought I could ask them, I’m not an ally of Ailendamus right now. I am a…guest of Duke Rhisveri.”
Itorin stopped. He had almost forgotten that. The King regarded Ryoka gravely.
“Ah, yes. And House Veltras is involved with that issue. Sammial Veltras…Bodswen, is the young [Lord] around here?”
“In his rooms, Your Majesty.”
“Has he escaped?”
The [Royal Bodyguard] grimaced.
“Three times, I believe. I’ve personally made sure he will not again. He is…troublesome, I understand. He has an aura.”
“Has the Duke made any arrangements around him?”
“No, Your Majesty.”
Itorin II thought. It was just like Rhisveri. He saw Ryoka watching him and smiled.
“Then, summon him here and give him a freer reign of the palace. This…conflict with the Five Families only involves him incidentally.”
