8.50
Page 22
He informed Oesca, with the high-minded pride of a young boy who wanted to clear the air and make sure no one insulted Ryoka. One of the nursemaids stared at Sammial. From keeping the wretched boy away from Oesca, she now decided he should have a playdate where Sammial could tell more about this Wind Runner.
Oh yes, Oiena was going to hear about this.
 
——
 
Goddamnit.
Wait. Dead gods damnit, but that didn’t flow right. How about…
Dead-gods-with-a-pinecone-shoved-up-their-asses damnit. Why did Itorin have to do this to her? Ailendamus? In a larger, more meta sense, most of the people she’d met? Stop it.
Stop being likable. Because she had caught herself, mid-talk with Itorin about the shit you got into with immortals, laughing, wanting to pat the man on the back and say ‘it was going to be okay’, exchange stories about mishaps, trade tips.
She’d felt sorry for him. But he had looked her in the eye when she asked how bad Rhisveri was and said this:
“I won’t lie and tell you he is perfect, because he is anything but. Yet I regard him and his people as the thing my kingdom needs. It has been a trade that favors Ailendamus. I believe we are a kingdom out of kingdoms and we have just begun, Miss Griffin. So I will take him, even if you offered me a choice.”
He believed in Ailendamus. And Ryoka had seen it in Regalius, in the Court of Masks. She had seen good and bad, but she had seen good, and, in that moment, she had liked Itorin.
Only afterwards had she recalled—he was making war on the Dawn Concordat and his kingdom was known for wiping out other nations and they’d kidnapped her and Sammial and nearly killed them both.
Yet, like Tyrion, he just wasn’t one pure note of evil. And it made it hard to balance liking him and remembering why you shouldn’t. Or was that the problem? Like them, don’t like them.
But remember what they were.
…Incredibly sad.
Fithea’s gnarled hand traced the symbol on one of the obol stones. A glowing word in Ryoka’s eyes. The Stone Dryad finally spoke.
“It…it means earth, doesn’t it?”
And the word was magic. Her hand almost began to close, but it was Ryoka’s. And her look of longing…Ryoka gazed at the old woman.
Gnarled hands. And they were gnarled. They were like tree roots come to life. She herself looked like a being made out of bark and elements of a tree. Yet—she had turned to stone.
She was old. So old, Ryoka suspected she was far past a Dryad’s natural life cycle. How long did it take for wood to turn to stone? She thought the answer was millions of years.
Fithea laughed when she heard that. Her voice was cracked, rasping. Weary.
“I am not that old, Ryoka Griffin. Merely old. I…I have lost my forest. You understand what I am. You know what that means.”
Ryoka nodded slowly.
“I…I don’t know everything. But you are a Dryad, aren’t you?”
“Yes. The last of the great forests that I know of.”
“I thought there were Dryads still. I’ve heard of…people fighting them?”
Fithea shook her head. Sadly.
“They surely do. But what those who cut wood find is not…thinking. They come from young saplings. Hundreds of years old at most. Lesser trees. Not greatwood. Not from a proper tree. Only after countless years will something emerge that thinks. That…can be something. You understand? We are the oldest seeds, and grow slowest, but from every tree.”
Ryoka did see.
“And the forests that you came from, your kind…?”
She sat with Fithea in the sanctuary of wood and water, sunlight pouring in from above. In the Immortal’s Wing, as Ryoka thought of it. The old Dryad had tried to offer her food, but she was fixated on Ryoka’s stones.
