8.50
Page 14
“She can learn magic without. It’s well-documented. In the few case-studies there are. I think she can even learn an aura, which is what this might be. It’s such an interesting choice. We had an initiative to have a thousand children live without levels to study the effects on a wide scale, but it was turned down; it was a waste of resources, the children would have to agree, and so on…”
“Is there a benefit?”
“Some. I would have to look this up, Your Majesty. [Summon Book]. Ah, here’s one of the tomes. A Life Without Levels…but it’s an autobiography. Alas.”
Jsse’s hand suddenly held a book. Itorin II saw her leafing through it, murmuring. Some people had the most useless Skills…except if you loved to read.
And still, he was more and more fascinated by the Wind Runner. Enough so that when the Courier looked up and saw Oesca and Ivenius standing there, Itorin II of Ailendamus approached.
“Your Majesty. I hope I’m not disturbing the peace? Forgive me, I didn’t realize you were here.”
She looked warily at his bodyguards as four of the Thirsting Veil [Knights] dropped their invisibility spells to briefly salute him, before returning to guard duty. Itorin II hated that; he’d forgotten they were attached to her.
Heart attacks, every time.
“Courier Griffin. You need not stand on formality with us. Nor have we been disturbed. Rather, we thank you for your entertainment.”
Itorin spoke for the benefit of his bodyguard, since Ryoka had not actually knelt. She tilted her head, recognizing the royal ‘we’ that Itorin applied while in public.
“I am grateful, Your Majesty. Did I…understand your children, I mean, Their Highnesses want to learn how to do a backflip? I…could teach them.”
Her voice revealed how odd she thought that was. Itorin smiled.
“Is it so unnatural that a monarch might wish to learn an interesting…trick, Courier Griffin? We have requested tutors in other subjects, from chess to even the new sport of football. Whatever invokes a passion in our children is to be pursued. All things have value.”
It felt a bit pretentious saying it like that, and Itorin regretted the public setting that required him to speak like this. Ryoka Griffin nodded, slowly. She looked…well, interested.
“I haven’t heard many monarchs saying that—not that I know many monarchs, er, Your Majesty. I’ve never met any. Er—one, but not in the same context—technically two—”
She began to turn red, and Itorin II smiled a bland courtier’s smile. Inwardly, he was surprised. He knew she was a new Courier, but meeting monarchs face-to-face? Still rare.
“Fascinating. You have a charmed life, as we have observed. We understand our royal uncle, the Duke, has his…quarrels with you. However, we are pleased by your actions. They enliven the times we live in, although our guard may object to any more dramatic actions.”
He nodded at Bodswen, who had nearly shot Ryoka when she appeared on the tower. Ryoka nodded, still flushing.
“Thank you, Your Majesty.”
“Father. May we go and try to learn the tricks? And be excused from our lessons?”
Itorin sighed.
“Very well, Oesca. You shall be excused.”
He was moving off when one of the many people waiting caught his eye. Itorin II grimaced, and beckoned forwards someone who had watched from the crowd around him this entire time. Never interrupted, only waited to see if he was called on. Now, the [Mage] came forwards with a scrying orb.
“Report.”
The [Court Mage] ducked his head, looking apprehensive.
