8.50
Page 43
On her wrist, her jade bracelet was going insane. It was making sounds, flashing, trying to lock down her body and Skills and magic. But it couldn’t do that to the wind.
Go ahead. I dare you. Below her, Rhisveri could probably boil her blood in her veins, just like he said. Do it.
She called his bluff. Nothing happened. Ryoka shot upwards, until Ailendamus’ palace was a dot below her. Straight up into the sky.
She saw a figure flying after her, furious, squawking, as slower figures mounted Griffins, even a few Pegasi. [Mages] flew upwards, going after the prisoner.
Great Knight Gilaw was first into the air, riding a Griffin. Ryoka thought it must be an illusion—she saw the Griffin, magnificent black feathers streaked with silver, shriek at her. Ryoka Griffin waved.
She left Gilaw floundering in an instant. After all, the Griffin was only as fast as she could flap her wings. Ryoka was as fast as…
She saw a vast cloud high overhead. Countless miles in a stratosphere many times Earth’s. Ryoka headed straight up to it. She wondered what would happen. Would Rhisveri teleport her? Zap her? Would Itorin stop her? It didn’t matter. She had to show them…
“Not bad.”
A grudging voice boomed through the air. Ryoka twisted, her meteoric ascent slowing so she could see. What was that? It didn’t sound like it had come from the bracelet. Then—she saw the air ripple. She saw a giant, slitted eye appear.
Not the eye in the sky, the magical illusion. This time—it was real. Physical. Ryoka almost shot a [Flashbang] into it. But then she saw a second eye appear. She looked down and there he was.
Rhisveri. The Wyrm shot into the air. Ryoka Griffin stared down as a huge, hundreds of feet long Wyrm twisted into the sky. Like…a story. Eastern Dragons.
He flew. His coiled body undulated, striking upwards like a snake, but so fast!
He came out of the palace and blew past her in a gust of air. Circling around in the sky, so long that Ryoka saw his body flowing after the head, like a hypnotic serpent, but at lightning speed.
“You are an insufferable mortal. Did you think you were the only being that could fly?”
Rhisveri boomed. The Wyrm was under some kind of illusion that only she could see through, or the little fliers and people below her would be freaking out. Ryoka looked up at him as he made an infinity sign in the air, then circled her. She looked at him. Then laughed.
She went shooting straight up, then changed directions abruptly and dove in a corkscrew. Rhisveri’s head snapped after her, looking contemptuous. However he flew, it was like a giant serpent. He lunged through the air, and that momentum would slow unless he performed a second mid-air strike. He was faster than Ryoka—but he didn’t expect her to move like that.
She dove along his scales and he jerked, as if afraid he would strike her. She corkscrewed along his huge body, and performed a reverse-dive upwards. She turned and saw Rhisveri’s head snap around, then focus on her.
“—huh.”
He managed. The Wyrm dove after her.
“Not bad, but—you’re too slow. I could catch you like—”
The Wyrm struck. He hit only the laughing air, and did a double-take. How did she do that? He was faster! 
But she was small, agile, and the wind was her friend. More importantly, Rhisveri was a Wyrm. Every move he made had to telegraph itself as his body changed postures. Rhisveri craned his head back, forth, then twisted all the way around.
“Get off my scales!”
