8.50
Page 15
“…Your Majesty, Wistram has declined to add your royal personage to the Arbitration Council as they meet today. They claim the event is organized by a Feshi and the Meeting of Tribes at large.”
“We see.”
Itorin’s voice was frosty. Also, his feelings were hurt. Queen Geilouna and Pheislant’s [King] had both been on the scrying orb. But Ailendamus couldn’t get an invitation while the Bedtime Queen was the darling of everyone watching.
Itorin II had to admit, the allure of being on a scrying orb called to him and this was a point of annoyance. Ailendamus had had its time in the sun, but being part of that group? His diplomats worried about how he might appear, but Itorin II wanted it, and it was a rare selfish desire.
Ryoka glanced up as the scrying orb changed. Itorin peered down at it and recoiled.
“What is that?”
He pointed at a giant bug, riding on a camel of all things. Oesca and Ivenius’ heads snapped around along with all those in eyesight at the television. The [Court Mage] grimaced.
“The documentary has just aired its third segment. ‘Ksmvr of Chandrar’, I believe.”
“Ksmvr of…?”
Itorin vaguely recalled some stir in his [Strategists] and [Generals] about the Antinium, but it wasn’t a threat and only tangentially related to Ailendamus’ activities.
“I know him! Father, the third part is out? Oesca, we have to watch with the others tonight!”
The [Princess] was nodding eagerly. Itorin II eyed them, and was about to ask just what this documentary was about when he heard a sound. It sounded like ‘eep’.
He turned his head and saw Ryoka Griffin about to be bisected, vivisected, and otherwise stabbed by no less than eight different blades lying across her neck, thrust to her chest, back, and sides from his bodyguard and the Thirsting Veil Knights. She had moved too close to him and if she sneezed, she’d turn into jelly.
“Release her.”
Itorin ordered at once, mindful of Rhisveri’s unpredictable wrath. The swords withdrew, but two hands yanked Ryoka back.
“Apologies, Your Majesty.”
“I’m sorry—can I see that?”
Ryoka struggled as one of the bodyguards blocked her. Oesca glared at Bodswen, but knew the woman would not relent for anything if she thought there was a hint of danger. Itorin II glanced at Bodswen.
“The Wind Runner is a guest, unhand her. You are interested in this…?”
He waved forwards the [Court Mage]. Ryoka made a choking sound as it grew larger and she saw the Antinium balancing a cat on his head.
“Ksmvr? That’s Ksmvr! You said he’s there? In Chandrar?”
She demanded, looking wildly at the [Court Mage]. The man backed up, glanced at Itorin, and replied succinctly.
“Yes, er, Miss Courier. This is the third part of a documentary by one Rémi Canada, I believe. He has been in Chandrar, in the company of the former Empress of Beasts.”
“Th—wh—what about the other Horns of Hammerad?”
Ryoka demanded. Itorin’s ears perked up. Who?
“Let me see. Gold-rank team. Part of the, um, raid on the Village of the Dead. Failed. [Transcribe Knowledge]. Oh, damn, I’m going to have to wait till tomorrow to get that report…here, Your Majesty.”
Scholar Jsse handed him a huge pamphlet about all the information in her prodigious mind about them. Itorin flipped through it with half an eye, but he was watching Ryoka.
“They’re alive? You’re sure?”
“Pisces Jealnet, Yvlon Byres, and Ksmvr the Antinium are all accounted for. One escaped the captivity of Roshal, one is in the custody of Nerrhavia’s Fallen, and the last is roaming Tiqr, at present.”
“Roshal?”
