8.50
Page 39
“Your Majesty, I beg your—”
“You beg my pardon, and this Courier’s, and you will all begone before I remember your faces.”
The [Mages] scattered. Queen Oiena turned like the wrath of Queen Oiena, and Ryoka saw her glance down. She did not look exactly friendly, but she saw Ryoka.
Ink smudged on the cheek, exhausted from running all day from someone who would not relent—she did see exactly what Ryoka was feeling. She glared at the [Mages] running for it—who were all male.
Fithea didn’t get it. She was a Dryad, and in this context, an old Dwarf woman. The other immortals? Well, Gilaw didn’t, or Menorkel. But Queen Oiena did.
She was brandishing her glove and Visophecin was staring at her, quite taken aback, when someone strode over.
“What is going on here?”
And here came the last player on any scene in Ailendamus. Duke Rhisveri walked forwards, scowling. He glared at Visophecin.
“You’re late. Oh, Your Majesty. Hello.”
He barely bothered to sketch a bow to Oiena. The [Queen] turned on Rhisveri.
“Duke Rhisveri. I have just found Viscount Visophecin behaving in the most unmannerly way possible. I hope you will take him to task as much as I.”
“What? Visophecin? Doing anything unmannerly? What’s going on—it’s you again. Why is it always you?”
Rhisveri saw Ryoka and pointed an accusatory finger at her. But for once, his wrath stopped as Oiena made to slap his hand with her glove. Rhisveri stared at her.
“What has gotten into you?”
“Me? Would you but listen to what Visophecin has done?”
The Viscount was listening, puzzlement turning to…he looked at Ryoka’s face, at Oiena, and blinked rapidly as if coming to…but Rhisveri was listening, and Fithea and the other immortals drew forwards while everyone else was ushered back.
It was not hard for Visophecin to give a somewhat embarrassed tale of his pursuit of Ryoka. However, halfway through he grew noticeably more hesitant.
“…I did pursue her in a lighthearted manner, Your Majesty, Duke. Which…coincided with attempts to surround Courier Griffin with pranks of my choosing.”
“He was in her closet. Appeared around corners! No matter where she went!”
The [Queen] was incandescent. Viscount Visophecin looked at her, then at Ryoka, and closed his eyes for a moment, tilting his head back. Rhisveri just blinked his eyes at Oiena, Ryoka, and Visophecin. Then he grinned.
“You did that? That’s hilarious. I don’t see the problem. I would have joined in if I—would you stop that?”
He leaned back from the wrath of gloves. Queen Oiena had two scarlet spots in her cheeks.
“It may be amusing to you, Duke Rhisveri, but His Majesty will not find it so amusing to have women pursued in such a manner! Or would you care to have your mother, your daughter, your niece followed about so?”
Rhisveri gave Oiena the blankest of looks.
“I would not particularly care. It sounds like a game. If this Th—Courier Griffin didn’t like it, she should just say so.”
The [Queen] was lost for words. She looked around, made a motion, and her bodyguards closed ranks, shielding them from view. Then she tried to stomp on Rhisveri’s foot with one of her heels.
He dodged, of course, and backed up.
“I do not see—”
“Duke Rhisveri. Her Majesty is, of course, wise. And I begin to realize just how improper I have been.”
Visophecin forestalled him with an arm. Rhisveri glared, but the Viscount abruptly bowed.
“Your Majesty, I beg your sincerest pardon, and to you as well, Courier Griffin. I will make sincere amends, but I believe the most prudent course now is…to remove myself completely. If you will allow me to withdraw?”
