8.50
Page 6
“You will know everything I’ve said is true, then. Look forwards to that, you untalented apprentice. And be worthy of that day.”
Decades in the future. Emessa took a step back, because it was so fatalistic, so sad that she wished Kevin or that [Innkeeper] were here. At the same time…the Dwarf began to eat, munching on the food without another word. He wouldn’t bring it up, probably because he was embarrassed.
Yet Emessa had never heard him say anything like that before. Not to any other [Smith]. Pelt’s apprentice looked at him—then fled. Pelt watched her go, then grunted at the dagger he’d planted in the table.
“You had a good apprentice, Demastel. You knew, didn’t you? You found it…”
His hands trembled.
“Redemption.”
 
——
 
Legends of the old world. Of the last generation. Someday, they would forget every name. The old stars were already being eclipsed. Yet even the most famous names would one day fade.
That was truth. One day, someone would say ‘King of Destruction’, and even [Historians] would have to fetch a book to figure out what was meant.
Even those for whom time did not touch died. So, then, a thoughtful person might ask: what was the point? It was a question that had driven immortals to despair. Everyone had to come up with their own answer. Why do you live and work and struggle?
Or else that question would find them on their deathbeds, in their last moments. What a terrifying way to die.
Naturally, he had his answer. The Viscount paused a moment, to check his appearance in the mirror of one of the restrooms.
‘Restroom’ was, of course, such a poor term. Dressing room was still too un-posh. Boudoir…was generally only thought to apply to women, which was ridiculous, of course.
Rather than a mirror, the man stood in front of a vanity. Just to make sure he hadn’t grown dishevelled from the journey or walking through the palace. He carefully adjusted his hair, his suit, the cuffs on his slightly dark skin. Almost…greyish. Although you’d only notice that cast if you looked at him in the right light.
With the right eyes. One of his earrings was askew, so he fixed it with a tap of the finger. He was meticulous, but the impression was rather disinterested. As if to say, I am not doing this for me, but for you.
The effect was completely opposite the man next to him, who had also entered the semi-public space reserved for the nobility or those of sufficient rank. It wasn’t guarded per se, but it was elite. He dressed himself with clear delight. Fashion was a choice that benefited everyone.
The wind was stronger these days, and an unseasonable cold patch had entered the air, heralding fall. Summer was over.
Thus, the man standing next to the Viscount had donned a beautiful purple-and-green scarf, a long piece that added to his usually vivid red clothing style.
He was combing his hair, and turned to nod as the first man finished his inspection.
“Viscount Visophecin, if I may be so bold, you are an inspiration of class.”
The Viscount of Ailendamus, a seldom-seen visitor at court, but a good friend of some members of the palace, including even the infamously touchy Duke Rhisveri, turned his head. He gave Baron Regalius a polite smile.
“You, Baron Regalius, are more fittingly fashionable than I, I believe. You have enthusiasm towards the subject.”
“And you do not, Viscount?”
