8.50
Page 25
The Dryad held the stone. Ryoka felt wretched, but she pressed on.
“Can you—tell me about the other immortals here? Or is it all secret?”
“I can tell you. I will tell you, in hopes you will think kindly of me. I do not think this stone can change me, but…I will tell you everything I can. Gilaw! Gilaw, come here.”
The giant woman with dark skin stalked into the room at Fithea’s order. She looked like she was, oh, thirty, but she leaned over and sat next to Fithea, resting her weight on the Dryad’s shoulders.
Despite the size and apparent weight difference, Fithea never moved. She stroked Gilaw’s untidy hair.
“Gilaw is the newest of us. Youngest. She was wild, just a girl, when she came here. I raised her.”
“How old is she?”
“Sixty three years. Very young. She looks older because we had to change her shape. But most of that time was wild. She does not speak, either, but already they call her a ‘Great Knight’. She is strong, to them. Like half-Giants.”
Gilaw snuggled closer, reaching for the stone. Fithea stopped her, but Ryoka coughed.
“She can hold them. Just not…take them.”
Fithea nodded.
“Gilaw will give it back. She likes shiny things, though. Let her have only one. You will give it back, Gilaw.”
The woman made an odd calling sound in her throat. Ryoka stared, but she realized—Gilaw was trying to make a bird-sound with Human vocal cords. She inspected Ryoka’s pile, and plucked a single stone from it.
Air.
There was something simple about the way the two held the stones and found them out of all the others. They understood, even without Ryoka’s sight, what they held. Gilaw was more fascinated by the stone and writing. Fithea turned to her.
“Thank Ryoka Griffin. Apologize for kicking her so many times, Gilaw. She is a guest.”
The Great Knight turned her head, and made a noise of protest. Fithea glared.
“Apologize, Gilaw. Say, ‘thank you’.”
Like a mother and a child, Ryoka saw Gilaw abruptly turn and hop away. Fithea looked at her.
“Gilaw.”
About to spring away, Gilaw leapt and went splat—because a number of root-like tendrils had just snagged her. She thrashed, then twisted her head uncannily around. There was a crack and she winced. But she opened her mouth.
“thANK.”
It was more of a squawk than anything. Fithea didn’t wince, but Ryoka did. The Dryad released the Griffin and, sulkily, Gilaw sat cross-legged with them.
“Er…you’re welcome, Gilaw. It’s fine. You don’t have to apologize. You—”
You’re a Griffin, huh?
That was the stupidest thing Ryoka could have said, but what was immortal small-talk anyways? She thought carefully.
“Is it hard, being in a Human body?”
The Griffin looked up. She peered at Ryoka, then nodded. She squinted, screwed her face up, then opened her mouth and leaned over to Ryoka. The Wind Runner tilted her head and Gilaw screamed into it.
“Taw-kii-nn! Iii-zz. Hra-di!”
Each syllable sounded more like what a bird might conceivably scream. Ryoka was in no mood to appreciate the odd phonetic way Gilaw tried to speak.
Ryoka was deaf. Fithea herself patted Gilaw and offered her some honeycomb as a reward. Gilaw ate it messily.
“Gilaw is sharper than she seems to some, but she is young. I’m sorry she struck you. She did not like you.”
“Because I was a thief? I understand…”
“No. Because she thinks you’ve stolen your name.”
Ryoka Griffin hesitated until she saw Gilaw glare at her.
“Oh—I uh—I didn’t choose my family’s name, Gilaw. I’m sorry if it offended you, but we don’t have Griffins where I come from.”
Gilaw slapped her chest.
