8.50
Page 32
“And what is distressing you at this moment? An unfortunate encounter? Aforementioned rumors? You know, I think many of the Court of Masks realized who you were—you were a new mask. But they were taken with you, for all the hubbub you caused. Maybe you would like to meet them there, or even talk to some acquaintances of mine? They are fiercely interested in you…”
“I—”
This was not the time for Ryoka to consider politics. She kept looking over her shoulder.
“I’m sorry, Regalius. I just had a spook. I don’t know if—no, you might be the one to ask. Do you know a Viscount…Visophecin?”
Regalius’ brows snapped together.
“Viscount Visophecin? Naturally. Of one of the finest houses of Ailendamus—and I do mean that in the sense that we are a young kingdom. But he has roots that go back beyond living memory. His is an old house.”
He chuckled. Ryoka’s hair stood up on end.
“Right. I’m sure he does. Can you…tell me anything about him? I met him, but I think I, uh, offended him?”
Regalius waved that away.
“I am sure he takes no offense. Visophecin. I could tell you he is regarded as a keen mind, one of the most incisive. A threat on any floor, almost worthy of the Lord of the Dance. Finely spoken. He’s gone through the Court of Masks, but I think he doesn’t care for the anonymity. Mainly, though, he’s a famously sharp mercantile mind and—I cannot stress that this is no slight—he’s made deals to make even the best [Merchants] envious.”
“He—he has a lot of deals, huh?”
“A man of his word. Friends with Duke Rhisveri; he is not always at the palace, but I have nothing but good to say of him—though I personally am not close. I hope you are not bothered by anything he might have said or done. It’s quite a coincidence.”
“You’re telling me.”
Regalius adjusted his lapels.
“On many levels, Ryoka. I met the Viscount in a dressing room this morning—he does take care of his appearance. And then I was heading to my midday repast when he asked if I would apologize to you for any slights of his. I can’t imagine he did anything intentionally…”
Regalius stopped because Ryoka had walked right into one of the decorative pillars. She whirled around.
“He did what?”
“Just now. I passed him in the hallway and he seemed to know we’d meet.”
Baron Regalius turned innocently. He saw Ryoka’s wide-eyed look, and stopped.
“It was just a passing mention. Did you just meet with him? If I can smooth things over…he asked if you had any dinner plans? But I can see it might be more serious than I…Ryoka?”
The Thirsting Veil Knights were looking at each other. Baron Regalius had come from ahead of Ryoka a few minutes after she’d left that isolated wing. Still, there were any number of reasons Visophecin had been ahead of her. Ryoka looked at Regalius.
“I—it might be a misunderstanding? I just—I’m startled. Wary of him.”
“He does have a reputation for keenness. Great friend, mortal enemy. I can understand that, Miss Griffin, but the Viscount is a man to count if he is predisposed to you—and he seems to have taken a shine to you. Why don’t we discuss the issue?”
“I…”
“As a matter of fact, there he is! Viscount! The timing! Are you perhaps—”
Ryoka whirled. No way. No damn way. But there he was. The Viscount stepped out of a dressing room, tugging a glove up. He looked up, as if he had just spotted them, and smiled.
“Baron, you found her before me. What a happy coincidence. Miss Griffin?”
“I—I—”
He walked towards her, slowly, hand raising. Now—was there a glitter in his eyes. Eyes burning orange, like the hell she’d always sort of hoped existed? Regalius beamed.
