8.50
Page 16
Itorin II didn’t need to stay here. At a word he could make Ryoka go with Oesca and Ivenius, or he could just walk off and attend to the many people waiting for him. But he was tickled with interest.
“You know this Antinium, Courier Griffin?”
Her head rose.
“I—they’re my friends. I know their team. I was there when…they entered the Village of the Dead. I thought they died. No—they’re alive.”
The Prince, Princess, and every other person looked at Ryoka. Itorin II just blinked at her. Now there was too many coincidences. First, she had a connection to Sammial Veltras and that unpleasant connection this morning. Next, to Ksmvr of Chandrar. His lips quirked with irony. He gestured to the [Court Mage] and the Arbitration Council came on.
Fetohep, Eldavin, a Gnoll he didn’t recognize, two more he saw were labeled Chieftain Xherw and Chieftain Torishi, Queen Yisame, Tulm the Mithril…
It was a different Arbitration Council this time. More, Itorin suspected, for the fun of being part of this discussion, the prestige of it. No Chaldion, and the Seer of Steel, Foliana, Perorn, the Minotaur King, and a number of others had declined to attend. Their seats were being filled by other personalities of note.
Not him, he noted with a sour feeling. But he was happy that the King of Pheislant had not been re-invited. Possibly because of his incredible pass at Perorn and Queen Geilouna which had resulted in two rejections. Itorin had laughed about it all night long.
In fact, not even the Bedtime Queen was present. Fetohep was remarking upon it.
“I believed Desonis requested reattendance. Is Her Majesty well?”
A smiling [Earl] stood there. Itorin did recognize Altestiel, the [Earl of the Rains]. He nodded politely to Fetohep.
“Your Eternal Majesty, I regret to inform you all that Queen Geilouna is…still asleep. I believe attempts are being made to rouse her, and she will join the council. By lunchtime at the latest. Most likely.”
Itorin heard a giggle from his daughter, who rather liked Geilouna. Itorin II couldn’t help but smile. He wanted to be there! To have some pithy remark! He looked at Ryoka.
“You would not happen to know anyone on this Council, would you? We have requested the…honor of joining, but it seems Ailendamus is not well-known among the Gnolls.”
Pressure them. He frowned at the [Court Mage], who had been bombarding Feshi with [Messages] all day and night. Itorin was smiling ruefully at his jest when he saw Ryoka’s face.
She…had the most twitchy smile he had ever seen in his life. Itorin stopped and Jsse nearly stabbed herself in an eye again as she regarded Ryoka.
Ryoka Griffin looked at Eldavin, Krshia Silverfang, Drassi, who had been able to get on the council, and Altestiel, and gave Itorin a smile trying to edge off her face.
“Not at all, Your Majesty…”
It was such a bad lie that even Bodswen raised her eyebrows under her helmet. Oesca’s mouth opened with delight, and Itorin blinked at Ryoka.
“You…know some of the individuals on this council?”
He didn’t. Ryoka twitched.
“No? I mean, not at all! How could I? I know one or two. Just in my job as a Courier! It’s not like I know them personally—it’s a coincidence. What are they…? Why is Kr—I don’t know them well. Or some of the rulers at all!”
“Which ones do you know?”
Prince Ivenius was looking at Ryoka with the awe he didn’t accord to Ailendamus’ [Generals] or great [Knights]. Ryoka’s lips moved.
“Well, obviously not him.”
She pointed at Fetohep. Then checked his name. Wait. Hadn’t he sent her a letter…?
