8.50
Page 35
The Wind Runner came stumbling out of the Asphod Maze, wild-eyed, breathing heavily. She held that glowing artifact Rhisveri was so interested in. She slashed—the hedges disappeared, falling to bits. But that—she couldn’t have just cut her way out.
She’d escaped? That fast?
She whirled, took one look at him, and ran. This time, she truly ran. Terror. And—
Visophecin stood there. Now, he felt it. Stretching across his face, from ear to ear. He couldn’t remember a time when he had smiled like this.
A delighted expression ran across his face. What surprises! Even Sophridel could not find his way out of the maze so easily. Visophecin chuckled and put out the cigar. He knew it was a distraction, but he couldn’t help it.
The hunt was on.
 
——
 
Something was afoot in Ailendamus’ palace today. Not war. Not the Five Families’ threats, or even Itorin himself. For the people, for one Wind Runner, a second event was playing.
Word was out. Viscount Visophecin had somehow offended the Wind Runner, that mysterious Courier guest. Or perhaps she had taken offense? It was hard to imagine the Viscount erring that poorly, but he wished to make amends.
So if you saw Ryoka, wouldn’t you stop her? Intercede on his behalf? Of course, to win his favor. In fact, why not make a game of it? The Viscount was in rare form. So here was something amusing…
Ryoka had stopped even seeing the potential for humor in it after the hedge maze. She looked down the staircase at some of Visophecin’s allies. Which was apparently…everyone.
Even Sophridel. Because she could not imagine how else…
“Ryoka Griffin! Will you stop a moment?”
The Viscount called up at her. He tried to climb up the staircase, but was jostled by another Visophecin. No—someone wearing a mask that looked uncannily like his face.
More of the ‘hunters’ were following her. As well as the palace’s security, who had no reason to like Ryoka. Many were amused. Most were just annoyed. Why was she making such an event of this? Was this just the Wind Runner being incapable of living a single day without drama?
Which, yes, it was. But that was not why she was breathing so hard. Ryoka ran. And it got worse.
Library. The [Librarian] was ready to throw Ryoka out on her head again. But instead, she squinted at Ryoka and handed her something.
“The Viscount asked me to recommend this to you, Miss…Griffin.”
Ryoka stared down at the book. She blanched.
 
Rain and War: An Anthology of Memoirs by Liscor’s Generals.
 
She looked at the book. Glanced up as she almost reached for it.
The Viscount held the book out. He watched her recoil.
“Poor Erin Solstice. What would you do to save her?”
“How did yo—”
His smile never changed, but he did tilt his head.
“I make it my business to know. It’s quite a simple deduction. [Messages]. Cause and effect. It seems as though not many people can see a simple line if it zigs and zags. I can.”
She turned, whirling for the door. The Viscount opened it.
“A child abducted. All over Izril’s news. Mrsha. Who could help her? Who has such resource—to cure a mortal wound? And while you search, a child might die. What would you do to help her?”
“Don’t—”
Ryoka was getting angry. Visophecin smiled. His eyes fixed on her face.
“What would you do to save them? I am known for my deals, Courier Griffin. Everything can be bartered. Why don’t we discuss the matter? I have a suitable stage for discussion set up.”
He offered her a hand. Ryoka wanted to slap it down and then jump-kick him. But she knew better than to reach out. So she whirled. She was going to blast straight out the window and—
