8.50
Page 23
On Ryoka, even on the wind that blew quietly through this place. Gently, as if it too wanted to respect Fithea.
Respect. Ryoka had that and more. The old Dryad deserved it. And she had vouched for Ryoka, such that not even Rhisveri had stopped her from coming here.
Indeed, some people were staring at Ryoka from behind a doorway. They hid when she looked up, but she saw them.
Gilaw, a mane of hair and a piercing glare from the tall woman, wordless as always, wearing armor as if it weighed nothing.
A wet face and dripping hair; ostensibly a youth she would have thought came from somewhere in South America in her world, but she had noticed he never stopped looking like he’d just come out of the water. And standing taller than both—Menorkel, a giant figure with orange skin, two heads, and four arms.
Titan. Merfolk. Griffin. Ryoka suspected there were more, and Fithea had offered to show her around later. But the Dryad was staring at the stone.
“May I hold it? Just hold it…”
“Of course.”
The old woman held the stone and closed her eyes. Her ‘eyes’ were glowing lights in her wooden sockets. Not fire; that would be nonsensical. Just…glowing magic itself. She did not weep tears, but it was in her voice.
“It feels like home! It feels like the Great Forests, before they died and the old protectors walked into the sea! It comes from a place where they have not died. It does, surely. That land. It has…does it have a forest?”
“The biggest forest I’ve ever seen.”
Ryoka answered, truthfully. Fithea looked hungrily at her.
“How tall were the trees?”
“…Beyond imagining. There was a representative who came here.”
“One of the old ones? The wood that walks?”
“Yes. He was named Silverpine.”
Fithea looked blankly at Ryoka.
“Silverpine? As in…the tree? That is not a name I would expect.”
The Wind Runner felt goosebumps on her arm even as she smiled. Because Fithea had seen mystery and came from a time of legends. But even she…
“No. That was his name. And I think—nature.”
The Dryad sat there, her mouth open slightly. Silverpine. She breathed, slowly.
“Then you are a representative of them. You’ve walked in the forests of legend. Here—take something. Eat. Are you hungry? These come from the half-Elves I work with. They live in small forests, and some know how to work with trees.”
She offered Ryoka what looked like, well, snowflakes made of sap. Beautiful patterns of pure maple sap or another tree’s sugar. Ryoka took a flake and it was delicious. It did melt on the tongue.
There were other treats; Fithea either had the impression Ryoka had the sweetest of teeth, or that was simply what she thought Humans liked. Which…fair.
“Is it okay to offer me this? I mean um—I’m sure it is. But why…?”
Ryoka lifted a chunk of honeycomb the size of her hand, trimmed of larvae and the waxy bits. Fithea looked at the honeycomb—meant for bees of a regular size, not Apista-bees—and shook her head.
“All these things harm nothing. The bees know it will be taken, so they simply make honeycomb like so. Like this.”
She offered Ryoka some cheese—still sweet, a hint of it, and deliciously savory.
“Some [Druids] think never to touch animals or trees. I am only custodian of the lands in Ailendamus. But I let them cut down trees. Herd animals.”
“…And burn trees in Gaiil-Drome?”
Ryoka hesitated before she said it, but she did say it. Fithea’s face twisted.
