8.50
Page 38
“Running all over the palace, Your Majesty. Apparently the Viscount keeps popping up. Half the court is taken with the game. They were tossing lassos around her before they caught her.”
“Las…what?”
“Loops of cloth, Your Majesty. It’s been a game of catch-as-catch-can all morning and into the evening.”
Queen Oiena blinked.
“I have never known the Viscount to play a…a game?”
Her voice sounded doubtful. She turned, and her eyes fell on Dame Chorisa, who flinched.
“You were assigned to guard the Wind Runner. Is this true?”
Chorisa knelt.
“Your Majesty, I regret to say we failed to catch Ryoka Griffin. I am ashamed—”
“Yes, yes. But is it true?”
Chorisa exchanged a quick glance with the others. She hesitated, then nodded.
“The Wind Runner has been fleeing the Viscount all day. I have never heard why, but she has had little success. He…I believe it is a game?”
“A game.”
Queen Oiena gave Chorisa a sharp look. The [Knight] nodded slowly.
“So they say. I—did find the Wind Runner in her rooms. Briefly. She attempted to rest.”
“And why does that matter…?”
“The Viscount was apparently standing in the closet.”
Two of the [Queen]’s bodyguards snorted despite themselves. However, Queen Oiena gave the [Knight] a sharp look.
“Truly?”
“Upon my honor and Order, Your Majesty.”
Oiena’s head swung around. She saw the Viscount approaching, a flower in his hand. Some dark rose, from Noelictus by the shade. He was teasingly aiming to put it in her hair. He looked far more amused than Oiena had ever seen him.
It did matter on how you saw it. Like the Viscount, a grand game with the greatest of quarries. Or maybe as Visophecin, who revelled in the same thing Oiena saw.
Which was Ryoka’s expression, even frozen. She looked…afraid. Exhausted and helpless. Bound up like…
The [Queen] of Ailendamus had a moment of justifiable pique. Then…
“Gura-drat the man!”
She swore like a native of Taimaguros as she stalked forwards.
 
——
 
Ryoka Griffin stared up at the flower stem, as Viscount Visophecin delicately went to place it in her hair. She was almost about to cry.
This was…the Viscount was watching her, that unholy amusement in his eyes. Expectation, almost, that she was going to do something. But what? Blow him sky-high in front of Ailendamus’ courts, who thought this was a game?
Ryoka felt a bit of nausea rise. Viscount Visophecin bent down, smiling.
“I suppose that marks my victory, Ryoka Griffin. Perhaps now we can disc—”
“Viscount Visophecin!”
He turned, blinking. Even Ryoka didn’t see Queen Oiena coming until she strode over and slapped the Devil in his face with a glove.
Visophecin recoiled like a striking snake…that had been slapped in the face by a glove. He blinked, and his expression turned from pure enjoyment into outrage—
Until Queen Oiena shoved a finger into his face. Her bodyguard watched, half-resigned, half-appalled, mostly approving. Ryoka just gaped.
She had no background for this, but Queen Oiena was from Taimaguros. She had opinions about proper attire, proper conduct, and she had all the hallmarks of her homeland despite having left.
“I would have expected this from any rogue but you, Viscount Visophecin. Have you lost your gura-loving senses? This kind of behavior does not stand in Ailendamus. Guest of the state or not—who is restraining this young woman? Release her at once.”
The binding spells evaporated on Ryoka as the [Court Mages] suddenly found the [Queen] was here, the [Queen] was angry, and the [Queen] had a glove raised like a morningstar. Of course, her bodyguards had actual weapons they were only too happy to hit you with.
