8.50
Page 34
Empty plaza. Sunlight. No hiding spots. And no matter where she turned, she didn’t see him peeking out at her like some horror monster. Ryoka had heard of Facestealer and she had that thing in her nightmares, but no Visophecin.
She began to breathe. Right up until nearly four dozen people emerged from the palace and came towards her in a huge gaggle.
“There she is! Just where the Viscount said! Miss Courier? Miss Courier!”
Ryoka’s heart squeezed.
“Oh no. Hey! I’m, uh, busy! Don’t come near!”
The people didn’t understand. They were nobles, guests, walking out, opening parasols, calling her name.
“The Viscount would like a word! He’s deeply apologetic! Would you hear him out?”
“No—no thank you!”
Ryoka began jogging the other way. The group picked up the pace, but Ryoka was not above just running away from this fancy lot, and she doubted they could catch her. Still in the open, Ryoka breathed out—until she saw a second group of people striding towards her.
“Excuse me—”
A wide-eyed Wind Runner ran towards the hedge maze. She vaulted over the first wall, landed, took one look at the man smoking on a cigar and offering her one, and practically climbed back over to the other side.
She was scratching herself on branches of the hedge wall and halfway up when she heard him speak.
“How do you know me? Curious. There was a time when folk like you existed. I’m told they played glorious games.”
A glowing, red cigar tip. A smile. He looked at Ryoka. She said not a word, listening to the confused voices, the thundering footsteps of the [Knights]. She just looked at him.
How did you see him? The handsome, if enigmatic, Viscount? Ryoka saw something completely different. But she was good at perspectives. For a Human.
She thought this might be a game. It was certainly less subtle than she’d imagine the genuine article could pull off. He was smiling.
However, Ryoka’s part wasn’t imaginary. On paper, it was funny. But he truly did appear every time she turned her head. That was…one thing.
Yet what made her truly uneasy was his face. His glowing eyes danced in the shadowed hedge maze. Visophecin was smiling. With a kind of delight that surprised even himself.
“You play very well, Ryoka Griffin. I wonder though—how do you dance? I shall have to try harder.”
Ryoka hesitated. Visophecin stood up and strolled around the corner of the hedge maze. She cursed, leapt down, and strode after him.
“No, wait—”
Too late. He was gone, exposing only paved pathways, huge walls of green, decorated with flowers that bloomed amid the faint light. Ryoka cursed, stopping and looking around. This was going too—she was sweating. She wiped a bead from her brow and looked down.
A hole opened up under her feet, pitch black and whispering. Something reached up and grabbed Ryoka’s leg.
She screamed once and yanked her leg. A hand like oblivion dragged her into the hole in the ground.
There. That was true terror, before she vanished.
Someone stepped around a corner. He was still smoking the cigar. One did not waste a quality product.
“I thought she would dodge that. Pity.”
It was over too quickly. A good game was like that, though. Unpredictable. Visophecin touched his face.
He was smiling? He was. What a strange thing. He had heard stories of these grand games. The hunt. Scarcely given them credence. He supposed he should let her out of the—
“—volethe!”
Visophecin whirled. He saw a light, and dodged the glowing blade that cut a hole through the air. And half the hedge wall.
