8.50
Page 2
What a joke. All Pelt knew was metal. But you had to give it to him…he frowned down at a side project.
“Hrmh. So what’s the auction at, apprentice? Are they done or am I still waiting?”
Emessa blinked at the change of subject, but hurried over to the ledger with the [Messages] she kept.
“…Two more days, Master. It’s narrowing down, but I can’t tell who’ll win.”
“And no one’s even damn well telling me what it’s going to be? Halberd? Sword? How many weapon masters are in it?”
Pelt had pulled out something that made the rest of the apprentices nearly miss their swings. They couldn’t help it. They stared at…a small amount of metal. Very small, really. You didn’t need much to make a sword if you didn’t burn or waste it; a blade should be light, not a block. However, this was no crucible of steel, even steel as pure as Pelt could make it. It was not Mithril, which in and of itself would be remarkable. Not even a rarer alloy like Truegold or Dwarfsteel or…
It was a deep red with fiery orange. It was, in fact, rather dull unless you polished it up, and even then, heavier than steel, and frankly less beautiful than many magical metals. The raw stuff was so plain people took it for cheap clay. But that was because regular people didn’t have an eye for metal.
To any one of Pelt’s apprentices, the metal he placed on his anvil and glared at was the stuff of stories. Rarer than diamonds. Tougher than almost any other substance in this world when forged right. The sign of true mastery.
Adamantium.
Most of that rare metal was used for relics, objects forged centuries or thousands of years ago that circulated very rarely. It was so rare that few ingots of the stuff ever appeared.
Yet due to a sudden discovery in Salazsar, Adamantium was back on the market and every famous [Smith] was buying it up. Whether they could forge it was a different matter. In fact, there were only two blocks of the stuff ready for the hammer in all of Izril.
One sat on that very anvil, a small block. The other? The other was in the possession of Maughin of Pallass, the famous [Armorer], and best smith in the city now that Pelt was gone. It was a challenge. A stepping stone to greatness.
“…I count at least one Named Adventurer famous for being a [Swordmaster], but the Iron Vanguard is arguing over it. The Seer of Steel or maybe one of their generals? And there are still several nobles from many nations who have a bid—and Rhir—and a dozen nations…”
“Not the Seer of Steel. That giant uses a hammer. I couldn’t make one out of this. Damn. Just outbid the others, already!”
Pelt had this piece up for auction, and he’d make a fortune on the commission when it got to him. In the meantime, though, he was unable to start working on it. In his pique, he took the Adamantium and tossed it across the forge.
“Master!”
Emessa and the other apprentices were horrified. Pelt snorted.
“It’s Adamantium. Stop looking horrified. If I could break it by tossing it, better it broke then!”
To prove his point, he kicked it into a corner. Then he turned. The scrying orb was still shining at him and his glare made Emessa watch his hand warily; Pelt could throw his hammer with pinpoint accuracy.
However, Pelt stopped as he caught sight of another Gnoll chieftain talking. He tugged at his beard.
“The Meeting of Tribes. Wait. Apprentice?”
“…Yes, Master?”
“Did that sample arrive yet? The one you managed to get in secret?”
Heads rose once more, and this time with more knowing. Emessa nodded eagerly.
“I did, Master. Do you want to see it?”
“Sure.”
