8.50
Page 24
“They tell me it is necessary for war. So I tell them to do it since no old trees remain. They will ravage that place. Shed blood. And when they take that land, they will plant a new forest, which springs up after fire. Fire does ravage forests and they regrow. They will plant more forests and that will be my legacy. Rhisveri has promised me, upon his treasures. They will last. Maybe…maybe even one day grow so tall they produce Dryads again.”
She cradled the stone, not quite looking at Ryoka.
“Cows desire milking, the ones Humans have raised. Insects and animals can work with Humans. My kind would call me a traitor, metal-minded, stonefriend. And they would be right, you see? But they are dead and I…I care for a new forest. One that has no roots. There.”
She pointed and three heads ducked back. Well, four. Ryoka saw Fithea look at her. As if…as if Ryoka was some kind of judge and Fithea had to explain herself.
“I understand.”
“Thank you. Do you come on behalf of them? You opened a door. I found it. Shattered. It never opened before. Can you…lead us there?”
Her eyes were so longing. Ryoka had to duck her head.
“…Not now. Something—something bad has happened, Fithea. So the doors are shut. That was an exception.”
“An exception made for you.”
The Dryad pointed out. Ryoka nodded, hesitantly.
“I’m on a mission. I know Ailendamus has its own goals, and Rhisveri calls me a thief…rightly. But I would like to help, Fithea. I can offer you money, but I can’t promise to open a door. I just want to speak to Rhisveri.”
“He’s guarded. Wary of you. He thought you were a mere thief or an agent of…Dragons.”
Fithea hesitated, but the words spilled out of her amazingly fast. Ryoka felt like she was taking advantage of Fithea’s desires, and flushed. But the pile of obol sat in front of her, currency with inherent value.
“I’m…not able to say everything. But what are the odds I can get Rhisveri to hear me out?”
“Good. In time. He will ask you, but to get whatever it is you want? What is it you tried to steal? He would not tell us, but it must be a treasure beyond treasures.”
Ryoka hesitated.
“I don’t know.”
Fithea shot her a keen glance, looking up from the stone, but Ryoka genuinely didn’t know. The Dryad almost laughed.
“Those farthest travellers. I knew they played games. They play one with you, like days of old. When they danced under our boughs and brought strangers. You are in danger, Ryoka Griffin. Not from me—but from Rhisveri. He is a Wyrm and he killed his kin for his treasures.”
Ryoka’s skin prickled.
“He did? There were more Wyrms?”
“At least two. Now—one. He claims he is the last, at least in this world. You have this…currency. It has great power. Perhaps it is worth quite a lot. Would you…trade me for one? I have told you without lies or secrets what I know.”
Ryoka hesitated. She bit her tongue. She wanted to say ‘yes’, and earn Fithea’s goodwill. But she couldn’t.
“I’m sorry.”
The Dryad flinched. Ryoka went on.
“If you have something to offer—”
“I could teach you magic. Earth magic. I could…offer you many goods. I am rich. They gave me a royal position. Gold?”
Ryoka shook her head. She was tempted by the magic, but, in this moment, she wanted only one thing.
“I must speak to Rhisveri. And I need to have something he wants. Some way of convincing him.”
“I could arrange a meeting today!”
Fithea leapt to her feet with surprising speed, but Ryoka was convinced by her actions that it wasn’t worth a single obol. She shook her head and Fithea looked heartbroken.
“May I at least hold this? I feel…alive.”
“Of course.”
