8.50
Page 44
The Wind Runner was sliding down his neck! She was laughing, and leapt into the air. This time Rhisveri, infuriated, twisted, making an actual sphere around her with his constricting body. A perfect sphere.
Ryoka Griffin saw him poke his head into the capture orb at her. He looked around, swore.
“Where…?”
 
——
 
Gilaw was the only flier who had gotten even close to Ryoka. She saw a huge, invisible shape in the air uncurl and pursue a single figure who shot even higher. The Griffin stared up as the Wind Runner shot towards the giant cloud, with Rhisveri in hot pursuit. His curses were so loud Gilaw half heard them, even with the silencing spells.
 
——
 
That just made Ryoka laugh harder. She hit the cloud and it was wet. Also, charged. A furious Wyrm tore into it.
 
——
 
On the ground, Itorin II made a hasty decision.
“Rain. I require rain. For…proper ambiance. See it done.”
A [Weather Mage] cast a spell and rain began pouring down and more clouds gathered. Just in time, or else more people would have seen the holes appearing, or even the misty outline of something huge breaking through the nimbus cloud high overhead.
 
——
 
“Cyclops’ eyes! I think she’s evading him!”
Menorkel’s eyes were some of the best of the immortals. He and the others were staring up as the rain fell over them. Fithea stared up.
“The wind is her ally. Of course…but even Rhisveri?”
“He’s not using any spells.”
Visophecin saw the others turn to him. He sat under the rain, staring up at the sky as night fell. He couldn’t see perfectly that high, and Rhisveri had his own invisibility spells. But he thought—
 
——
 
—He was laughing. He kept trying to hide it. Glaring. But it was like when you were angry and struggling to stay angry, but you kept laughing.
Both furious and amused. And worse for Rhisveri’s temper—happy.
High above even the clouds, Ryoka stopped being able to breathe easily. She clawed at her mouth, trying to get the wind to push oxygen into her lungs. She gasped—and a bubble appeared around her head.
“You’d have to carry air from below. Amateur.”
Rhisveri appeared as Ryoka slowed. The Wyrm hovered in the air, able to sustain his position without moving. He was…panting a bit. He had been chasing Ryoka for only, say, sixteen minutes, but it had to be tiring. For once, he had to use his entire body to move like he did, and the sky was so vast even Rhisveri was small in it.
Yet he was smiling. He glared at Ryoka a second later.
“I should blast you to pieces and feed your melted remains into the sewers. Do that again and die. That bracelet tells me exactly where you are.”
He flicked a tongue at it. Ryoka raised her arm.
“I know. But a girl’s gotta fly.”
Rhisveri snorted.
“You cause trouble just by existing. I should kill you. But Visophecin has led me to believe you have some value. You’ll never get what you want, you know.”
“Can we talk it out? You’ve been avoiding me.”
“I’ve—been—busy!”
The Wyrm roared. He snapped through the air with each word, until he was right in front of her. His furious glare was a bit too furious, though. He looked at Ryoka, then cast around in the sky. The sight of well…everything seemed to calm him down.
Ryoka looked down too. Everything was so small. She saw huge mountains in the distance; the palace was a dot. The landscape was a darkening miniature world below her, little trees and grass like some perfect recreation, a toy.
“Is this what it means to be a Wyrm? It looks so…”
