8.50
Page 30
It was just a kid thing, but it was hitting her now. And the thing about ‘selling your soul’ was that you didn’t really get too bothered by it except on those days when you wondered ‘what if’, but you really thought about it when you came to a world where there were literal dead things who wanted to touch you around a fire.
When you learned that souls and ghosts existed, and you met a man with no shadow who smelled like hell and wanted to shake your hand.
Ryoka felt it was a bit understandable, even if she couldn’t convey that to Menorkel.
The Titan was rather understanding of it all. Ryoka had a view of the closed door. Menorkel went to check it.
“I can go see if Visophecin is gone.”
“Please. But close the—”
Too late. Menorkel was already outside and trotting off. Ryoka lay under the bed. She stared at the open door. But…this was stupid.
Visophecin was a Viscount, not some stupid amalgamation of all her weird childhood issues. Like Vampires, there was a nuance to how stories played out. She stared at the door, and around Menorkel’s rather plain room. But then—she happened to know he had a singing room where all his real possessions were stored.
So Ryoka climbed out from under the bed. She shook her head, sheepishly.
“I’m being an idiot. I’m just…he’s probably not the Devil. Just think of the stereotypes. Don’t shake his hand. Don’t promise anything. It’s not worse than Rhisveri, right? He’s not…necessarily…inherently evil.”
Ryoka inhaled, exhaled. She was calming down when someone spoke behind her.
“And what does ‘evil’ mean?”
The Wind Runner’s head turned.
There he sat. On Menorkel’s bed, adjusting one of his shoes. Visophecin glanced up.
“You have an interesting impression of me, Miss Ryoka Griffin. It makes me more interested in you. I don’t normally debate philosophy with people I’ve just met. But it could be a fascinating icebreaker.”
He looked at her horrified expression. Chuckled.
“I’m sorry. I tend to appear where I’m invited. I don’t bother with doors. Can we start—”
He watched as Ryoka didn’t so much as walk, or even shuffle, but slide over to the door and out of it. Visophecin blinked.
“That was incredible footwork. I have never seen someone shuffle their feet like that.”
The Viscount rubbed at his chin. He was smooth-shaven, incidentally. Not a hair to be seen, let alone stubble. Interesting. He stood up, slowly. Because there was something fascinating here.
Ryoka Griffin didn’t know it. But if he was conforming to a lot of her stereotypes by accident…she was conforming to some of his. It had been a long time…no.
“They told me once it was like this. She knows the old game. Is that what she’s playing?”
He smiled. His eyes lit up. Rarely had Visophecin ever said it. But he thought it now.
That might be fun.
 
——
 
Ryoka Griffin found the Knights of the Thirsting Veil waiting for her outside the Immortal’s Wing. They snapped to attention.
Two of them she knew well. Chorisa and Lacres. Their squad-leader, Chorisa, glared suspiciously at Ryoka.
“Have you caused any trouble, Miss Ryoka?”
That was a question that was entirely appropriate for anyone who knew anything about, er, Ryoka. The Wind Runner certainly looked guilty. She was wide-eyed, panting.
“I uh—no. I just left Fithea—”
“Lady Fithea.”
“Whatever. I left early. It’s all fine. I um—I’d like to be put in my room, please. No—no—”
Ryoka reconsidered instantly.
“Maybe somewhere with lots of people? No, somewhere in bright light? Is there running water anywhere? A stream? Can I buy some silver? Uh…”
