8.50
Page 0

Chaldion of Pallass was a bastard. Not in the original meaning of the word, which had everything to do with genealogy and was such a Terandrian word.
Simply in the pure force of what it meant. There were other words that could be used. Chalk-assed, coal-hearted tunnel weasel were milder epithets. The really bad ones could literally singe your ears if someone with the right Skills said them.
However. Sometimes you needed the bastard around. The monster who saw the defenses overrun, heard something coming up—twenty thousand Crelers, maybe. He still had nightmares, and they weren’t about the Crelers.
Sometimes you needed someone who shut the gates in front of the people screaming to open them. Regardless, it had little to do with him.
Oh, perhaps he was a Chaldion-expert, in the sense that Chaldion had been one of the people to persuade him to move to Pallass. You could argue his longer lifespan meant he’d chronicled the Grand Strategist’s rise, and he remembered stories about that Drake when he was in his prime. And even then…Pelt had been old.
He was only half-watching the scrying orb, and he was annoyed at his apprentices for begging to watch it. But they were…getting decent, which meant they would rather miss anything than take their eyes off the steel. But they did listen.
Pelt, the Master Smith. Pelt, formerly of Deríthal-Vel, one of the greatest names alive to wield a hammer—well, among mortal smiths. A boast that only meant something if you forgot you would always be inferior, and rightly so.
But it had gotten to his head, once. Pelt. [Hammer of a Hundred Metals]. He looked old, now. His hair hadn’t turned white, only developed more grey than pepper. He was short, ‘only’ five feet tall; you could get shorter, so Dwarves were not exactly as diminutive as their names suggested.
Not anymore. He wore thick clothing, an apron over cloth. Plain colors darkened by soot, which was what he smelled of at all times. He didn’t care about his appearance, but the forge kept him at least smelling of that.
Mostly, though, Pelt sometimes saw himself in a mirror and saw what nigh on two and a half decades of drinking did. Even so—he remembered Chaldion, and that Drake had aged more poorly than he.
“Turn it off, apprentice.”
He barked at Emessa, his Drake apprentice. Pelt was no longer in the mood to listen. She hesitated.
“Something wrong, Master?”
One of the Gnolls glanced at Emessa and she avoided meeting the other woman’s eye. Pelt just grunted.
“I don’t want to hear it.”
Drakes had done a terrible thing to Gnolls. Or perhaps there had been traitors. Even now, the Arbitration Council was meeting for a second day, but the dramatic footage with Chaldion was playing again.
“It’s the same story. Damned treachery. Schemes. That Drake’s at the heart of it. You—girl. Stop swinging on the metal that hard.”
The Gnoll woman ducked her head, but for once Pelt didn’t threaten to kick her out and never let her take a turn in his forge again. The other apprentices went back to their stations as Pelt looked them over.
Some were masters of their own craft, over Level 30. They had begun coming from further north and south now. To meet Pelt and apprentice themselves for a time.
That was…unfamiliar. Pelt had never had apprentices like this. Which might surprise someone until you realized—he had been the best smith. The one who struck Adamantium and forged the greatest pieces, alongside the [Forgemaster]. Apprentices? They should have been so lucky.
