8.50
Page 45
It was different than seeing it from a plane window. No—the scale in this world was off as well, such that Ryoka wondered if they were above a plane’s maximum cruising altitude. Yet still, almost able to breathe.
Rhisveri looked down.
“Small? You all take such pride in your palaces and edifices. This is what it looks like from above. So yes, this is what it means to be a Wyrm. Look. That cloud.”
He pointed with his head at the one they had gone through. It was so large that ten of Itorin’s palaces would have fit comfortably inside. Rhisveri’s look was wistful.
“There are larger clouds still. Permanent fixtures. When they gather, there are stormheads so vast you could fly through them…and there are beasts inside. Or were. You think you know Giants and Dragons? You have never seen half of it. They may all be dead. And there are other things hidden in the sky. Invisible. So high you cannot see them. Camouflaged. Hidden in clouds. Entire…”
Ryoka looked at him.
“Cities?”
Rhisveri’s head twisted around. He stared at Ryoka.
“…So you’ve heard of the same. Pah. It must be generic if you’re not surprised.”
Even so, his gaze was wistful. He looked up. Then glared at Ryoka.
“What a waste of time. Return to your quarters, Thief. If you try to do this again, I’ll fry you.”
He turned abruptly. Ryoka called out after him.
“Will you hear me out?”
A single baleful eye fixed her with a sudden force that arrested her momentum in the air. Rhisveri opened his mouth and a wisp of acrid vapor emerged…then he grunted.
“You’ll get your audience. You had better have something worthwhile to say.”
He dove without a word, leaving Ryoka up there. She smiled. Then she turned and looked up. So much more sky above, and beyond that…?
The world was so vast. She floated there a moment. Wishing this was all she had to worry about. But inevitably…
She had to return to earth.
 
——
 
They looked at her differently after that. They always did. She was in trouble, of course, but His Majesty’s—and Her Majesty’s— approval meant that it was muted.
The truth was that Ryoka did break rules and get away with it. It was the kind of privilege, well, a Courier got. The power of knowing people.
She only wished she had Erin’s strength, which was to move them. Ryoka did get to know people. Erin? Erin could lean.
Obol and a meeting with Rhisveri. Ryoka did worry because she didn’t know what she was bargaining for. She knew what it did—sort of—and she had money, and the Faerie King clearly believed she had enough.
But Ryoka hated uncertainty. Still…as days went, she had gotten Rhisveri to commit to a meeting before winter. So that was something. She was limping back to her room.
Her body hurt. Not from running all day, but from the stresses the wind placed on it. Her [Knights] saw her to her quarters and took up position. Ryoka was about to enter the guest suite when she stopped.
Her hand on the doorknob, she remembered this morning. Surely he wouldn’t…?
She swung the door open, stepped into the entry room, and looked around. Ryoka hastened into the living room, checked the window, swung around—
“Phew.”
No Devil. She relaxed. If he had been here, she might have screamed and then tried to actually stab him. She was so grateful for Oiena’s help…
Ryoka walked towards the last door to her actual bedroom and stopped. She backed up.
“What the fuck.”
She stood there for a second. Then stared at the huge piece of parchment. Attached to the front of her door.
 
Viscount Visophecin’s offer within.
 
