8.50
Page 46
It was so big that in order to open the door she had to pull it off the wall. Ryoka Griffin stared at it. She was half-tempted to run. But she put her hand on the handle. She was prepared…
But all she saw was what looked like an office meeting presentation piece on her table. Another piece of paper.
 
Magical ring of dispelling. One charge. Use to refuse.
 
That last part was underlined. It was very clear writing, not cursive or embellished. Ryoka turned her head as another big piece of paper on one of the walls caught her eye.
 
Enchanted doorway to place to converse. Enter to accept.
 
And below it was an arrow pointing to her closet door. Ryoka opened and closed her mouth. She looked at the Ring of Dispelling, and the doorway.
“Well, that’s simple enough. Are you listening, Duke Visophecin? I’m—oh.”
She spotted the last note on her bed.
 
I have enchanted only the closet and left the following notes. You are not under surveillance of any kind, nor have I left any other spells in place. Fithea, Sophridel, or Duke Rhisveri may vouch for this fact.
 
She stared at the piece of parchment. Ryoka ran her hand through her hair. She looked at the closet. The thing was—she appreciated this a bit? But the thing was…
Her stomach growled. Ryoka closed her eyes. She hadn’t had lunch and it was past dinner.
…She was so damn hungry.
 
——
 
Ryoka Griffin ate dried runner’s rations and drank stale water. Then she opened the door after taking a few deep breaths and thinking about it. She had no assurances she’d be safe—but she had a gut feeling and it was a funny change of pace.
The door was a portal. Ryoka stared at it. A literal portal that did not disclose her clothing, but a strange place beyond. Clearly out in the open. No…she spotted some kind of roof, but the wind told her it was out in the open on the other side somehow. And the floor was strange and glossy, reflecting a bit of light.
“Strange. Well, what’s the worst that can happen?”
Ryoka knocked on the side of the closet, then stepped through. She walked onto a flat ground, slippery under her bare feet, and stopped.
“Whoa.”
She stood in the ruins of a huge palace. A crumbling roof over her head. It showed starlight, the two moons high above. The walls were gutted, scorched, and nothing remained but stone.
Stone, and this curious basin. Almost closer to the bottom of some pond, but perfectly circular, slanting downwards at the edges. The floor was smooth. Smooth as marble. Ryoka bent down.
“What is this?”
She frowned as she touched the smooth, familiar substance and realized abruptly—it was glass.
A glass bowl, created by some intense heat, which had burned a circle in the middle of this—
Palace. A giant palace. Ryoka blinked around and something came to her.
Former palace. Ailendamus’ former…her eyes widened. She looked around for the figure she knew was there. Where would he be, in this suitably dramatic place? With the moonlight pouring down from the broken ceiling? Wh—
“Pft.”
Ryoka’s snort escaped her mouth. She looked around and spotted Viscount Visophecin. He sat in a huge chair, one of two, padded, dark wood, in front of a simple table with what looked like drinks and food.
But unlike every other time, he did not appear with a question. He was just there, sitting far across the glass floor, with plenty of time to spot him.
With…a giant flaming arrow pointing down at him, hovering in the air. Even a spotlight from an invisible light source, a beam of light illuminating him and the spot.
