8.50
Page 40
“There. At least one of you has sense. You may, Viscount, but I shall expect your finest behavior for the foreseeable future.”
“Absolutely, Your Majesty.”
He bowed, stepping back and tugging along Rhisveri. Ryoka saw him retreat, eyes on her. But his face no longer looked amused. It looked…well.
Guilty?
Queen Oiena was still breathing hard when she turned. Then she and Ryoka were alone, in a rapidly-emptying hallway. No one wanted to risk her wrath, but it seemed that the [Queen] was as unprepared for a face-to-face with Ryoka as the Wind Runner.
Ryoka still felt shaken. A true panic had taken over near the end there. Seeing herself in Visophecin’s arms or him just walking out of the closet when she’d begun to lie down…
The [Queen] understood.
“Thank you, Your Majesty. I, uh…thank you. I’m sorry for—for causing a scene.”
“I do believe, Courier Griffin, that this incident was not your fault. For once.”
The [Queen] stiffly added that last part, and nodded her head.
“You are pardoned, and Viscount Visophecin will make a full formal apology. Such actions…reflect poorly on Ailendamus. A rare incident, given the man has been such an exemplar. Even Rhisveri—well, he is not surprising. But the blindness! The gall!”
She fumed. Then looked at Ryoka.
“I suppose it comes with being a Courier.”
“I…what does, Your Majesty?”
“Pursuit. The way you are so…adventurous. A [Lady] is protected by her class and station, but you must have the worst of it.”
Ryoka didn’t know about that. She made a face.
“That—was unexpected, Your Majesty. I, uh, I should have said something. I just didn’t realize—thank you, again.”
Another stiff incline of the head. Queen Oiena gazed rather unfavorably at Ryoka and the Wind Runner didn’t know why. Until the [Queen] spoke next.
“I hope you will remember this in any future contexts, Courier Griffin. It would not do to be repaid with any trespasses. Of course, His Majesty is entitled to any…decisions on his own, but I trust you will remember who saved you today.”
Ryoka Griffin gave Oiena a blank look. The [Queen] frowned, then elaborated.
“I understand you are set to dine with His Majesty tomorrow.”
“I am?”
The Wind Runner recalled Itorin’s comments. Her eyes widened.
“I am! I didn’t know if…oh.”
“His Majesty has, apparently, cancelled a formal banquet with the ambassador of Noelictus.”
Queen Oiena pointedly tugged on a glove, avoiding looking at Ryoka. The Wind Runner stared at her, put the pieces together in rapid order, and then grinned.
“Oh. Oh. Your Majesty—you have nothing to fear. Believe me.”
Oiena furrowed her brows sharply. Her bodyguards, who were listening with huge ears while standing to perfect attention, saw the glove begin to come off again.
“You sound quite confident, Miss Griffin. I am told my husband found you exceptionally charming.”
“He and I—had a conversation, Your Majesty. I quite liked him. I, uh…”
Oiena twitched. Ryoka held up her hands, and then started to lower them. She gave Oiena a long look. Then just lowered her hands and spoke, a touch exasperatedly.
“I don’t know what you’ve heard, Your Majesty, but if I may be frank?”
“Why hold your tongue now?”
Ryoka ignored the acidic remark.
“I’ve…met with a number of people. But Your Majesty, I hardly go around seducing everyone I meet. Some people are interested in me for—other reasons. Including Viscount Visophecin. I think.”
She wasn’t actually sure about Visophecin. Queen Oiena narrowed her eyes again. Ryoka looked at her.
