8.50
Page 28
Then Ryoka’s eyes focused on his face. The slight grey tinge to his skin. But the kicker wasn’t that. It was that Visophecin was in the Immortal’s Wing. So he’d dropped a few of the safeguards he might normally employ. His smile was just a bit pointed, but nothing on a Vampire or Drake or Gnoll.
The real tell? The real tell was that as sunlight streamed into Fithea’s private rooms, filtering down around him and the others, Ryoka saw something. The motes of light shone down over Visophecin’s head, and they didn’t cause him to burst into flame or anything so dramatic. But she did see something; a shadow amidst the light. Ryoka stared up at Visophecin’s head. Then down. The man’s eyebrows rose.
“Well. That’s clever.”
Ryoka’s eyes jerked back up to the two small, but almost-invisible horns on his forehead. Then at the ground. And the way his shadow just completely failed to materialize.
Dark clothing. Horns on his head. Odd skin, odd eyes. Talking about ‘deals’. Smells like forgefire—which wasn’t quite brimstone, for brimstone smelled terrible. And…Ryoka eyed his posterior.
“Do you have a tail?”
Visophecin’s perfect eyebrows shot upwards.
“Incredible. Now how would you know that? I would love to talk lat—”
He reached for Ryoka’s hand. She realized she’d nearly taken his hand. His hand.
“Gyaaaaah!”
She snatched her hand back and did an amazing flying-sideways-leap-flop backwards. Menorkel nearly spat water out both his mouths as Ryoka landed, scrabbling backwards from Visophecin.
The Devil, the literal Devil, stopped, a fairly surprised look on his features. But…mild. As if true shock was beyond him. He blinked at Ryoka, as Fithea stared at the Wind Runner.
“Is something wrong?”
“Y-you’re—holy—you’re—”
Ryoka edged back as he walked over. The immortal-loving, immortophilliac, obsessed, #1 member in the immortal’s fanclub, Flamedaddy fan, Lichfather aficionado, Stitch-mom appreciating…
Ryoka Griffin, who had found something to respect in the Spider of Terandria, who was best friends with a Vampire, and on money-lending terms with the Faerie King, took one look at Viscount Visophecin. His hand.
His eyes and the shadow that wasn’t there. He stepped over.
“Can I offer you a hand up, Miss Griffin?”
He reached down and found only air. Ryoka Griffin was already sprinting towards the door. She hurtled out of it, finally an immortal too far.
Visophecin blinked. Even he hadn’t expected that. He recovered instantly, but Fithea, Menorkel, Nemed, all looked at Visophecin. Visophecin, who was still not Rhisveri, and Ryoka Griffin, who had repeatedly stood up to Rhisveri, even going as far as to tease and insult him.
…Now running for the hills. Even the immortals were stunned.
All except for Gilaw, who stared at Visophecin’s back. She thought Ryoka might deserve her name after all. The Human knew what was what.
 
——
 
It was hard to contextualize why Ryoka ran so hard. She knew in a world with Dragons and Liches and whatnot, it was not like she should have been surprised by anything.
Yet even she had her ‘this is too far’ moment. And that was right there. It was rooted in her mythos. Her mythos from Earth. Things as simple as…being told she had to go to church.
And there he was, in every story. Not Visophecin specifically. Maybe there were many of them.
“Not lots. But he’s their representative.”
“What?”
Menorkel found Ryoka hiding behind his door, demanding to know what Visophecin was. And she was really hoping it was just a coincidence. But Menorkel was not being reassuring.
