8.50
Page 20
“One could not be in my position and not. Ah—don’t worry. I’ve deployed a small speaking dome.”
Even Bodswen was staring; Itorin II had activated an enchantment that he normally employed when speaking to his [Great Generals] or fellow heads of state, and he was shaking Ryoka’s hand! He almost looked like he wanted to hug the Wind Runner.
“Who do you know?”
“I—uh—Winter Sprites.”
“Winter Sprites? Truly?”
“Do you know them?”
“Of course! They used to stop by—I have no idea what they are, but they would sometimes say or do something to Fithea. They positively loathe Rhisveri, I think; we get so much snow we have to use [Pyromancers] because shovels could not shift enough. Even Cenidau’s diplomats think it’s unreasonably snowy. What are they like?”
“Uh—dangerous.”
Itorin nearly laughed.
“Of course they are. I meant…do they have personality?”
“I—y—”
She hesitated, and the King leaned in.
“It is not for secrets of state. I just wish to know.”
He looked at her, a fellow mortal who knew the great secret of this world. Ryoka Griffin hesitated, wary, but then she looked at him and seemed to come to a decision.
“They’re little sprites. Little people made of ice. All female, but they’re, um, visiting. They’re pranksters and tricksters, but one time they hit me with an avalanche. Twice, actually. Three times—but the last one was to help me.”
“Really. What do they want?”
“That’s so complicated I—so you know what Rhisveri’s up to?”
Itorin’s hesitation was an explanation in itself.
“I—am aware of much of it. But as you might expect, he guards his secrets well. You may think me a…puppet.”
“N…I just wondered…how much you know.”
“He leaves the management of the state to me, except in rare cases. You would be surprised, I think, but it is a beneficial relationship most of the time. I think of it as best for Ailendamus. Your situation—will he try to kill you?”
“I don’t think so. He got Sammial by accident and things have changed. How do you…was it all your life?”
Itorin laughed.
“Not at all. Only when I took the throne. I had hints, from my father, you see, but…no. No one but I knows as much, and—I cannot believe he trusted you with it.”
“He didn’t. It was close. I nearly got, uh…”
“Melted?”
Ryoka blanched.
“He does that?”
Itorin hesitated.
“…Never that I’ve seen, but I have heard stories. You should be wary around him, if that advice is not redundant. In truth, Miss Griffin, I fear you are in dire straits.”
He meant it seriously and saw she took it as such, but to his amazement, she smiled.
“It won’t be the first time. Not that I can tell you all of it, Your Majesty. But believe me—I’ve done this before. I think I can at least survive…but whether or not I’ll get what I want is a different matter.”
He stepped back, a smile of delight crossing his features. Wonder, even.
“You…‘get what you want’? Is that even possible?”
The Wind Runner’s smile had pride and a kind of joy of her own.
“It is. You just have to know how to talk to them. Play their game and don’t. Respect them and push back. Have something they need. They’re still people.”
“They…”
Itorin hesitated. He stroked his beard.
“…They are, aren’t they? Rhisveri is one thing, and I would caution you to beware of some of the others. I don’t know…everything. But I do know some are good…people. Sophridel is fair-minded. He runs the Court of Masks, as you know. Have you met him?”
“I found him by accident.”
“By accident? Then—you know Lady Fithea. She and he are two of the most reasonable, esteemed, I think. I would also say—Lady Paterghost.”
“Really?”
“She is a fine soul.”
