8.50
Page 26
My name! It was rather like talking to Mrsha. Fithea looked exasperated. Gilaw hunted around and pulled up something. She offered it to Ryoka. Ryoka stared at…a blade of grass.
“You uh, want me to change my name to Ryoka Grass?”
Gilaw nodded. Ryoka didn’t know what to say.
“…I’m sorry, but I’ll keep my name.”
Gilaw glowered. Then you have chosen stomach-kicks. But, mindful of Fithea, she contented herself with eating.
“There are more groups in this place. Not all stay at the palace; few do, in fact. But there are not many of us. Some are found; others simply find us. Many stand out. You have met Menorkel and the Merfolk. Come here, you two.”
They did, meekly. Menorkel, nine feet tall in his shrunken form, grinned nervously at Ryoka. She recalled his singing and smiled at him.
“I did. I’m sorry about the Merfolk. Menorkel though—he has an amazing voice.”
“Thank you.”
“No, it’s—”
Two voices, both Menorkel’s, replied at the same time. Menorkel blushed as the Merboy, Nemed, introduced himself. Fithea’s look wasn’t entirely disapproving, just…warning.
“Menorkel. Rhisveri will not approve of you singing when you should have been practicing. You may do both, but you must practice.”
“I…hate learning to use a sword, Fithea. I don’t feel like becoming a Great Knight.”
Menorkel drew on the ground while his other hands picked up snacks. He was like the Antinium, but even they didn’t have his level of coordination. One of his heads looked at Fithea; the other kept looking at Ryoka, fascinated with her. Fithea was scolding him.
“You have natural talent. You must learn to defend yourself, even if you will not become a Great Knight. Menorkel is almost as young as Gilaw. Only two decades older. And unlike her, he grows far slower. He was a boy, but now he is growing.”
The Titan blushed, and Ryoka smiled at him. Then her smile faded.
“You do teach them how to fight?”
Fithea looked at Ryoka and nodded.
“If Ailendamus were to fall, or if we were uncovered—they must all learn. To defend themselves. We have seen sanctuaries die, the older of us. We are not fools. Rhisveri makes Ailendamus to find and keep us safe, but it is only one nation.”
“Then he is doing this for you all as well as for his ambitions?”
That was what Ryoka struggled with. It was so…charitable, for the Wyrm. Fithea smiled thinly.
“He is selfish. It is mainly for him. But he is no fool. Rather than fight with us, he works with us, although he must be the first among all. One last place for all of us.”
“But to do that he will make war on innocent kingdoms. Ailendamus has destroyed other kingdoms, Lady Fithea.”
Menorkel shifted and Gilaw opened one eye to glower at Ryoka. Fithea frowned.
“It…is true. But some kingdoms made war on Ailendamus. And this latest war is…”
“Ambitious. Is that a bad thing? Calanfer has a Dragonthrone. It would be a grand sanctuary for our kind, if Rhisveri thought merely in those terms. The truth is that he will one day try to take over all of Terandria. Overthrow every royal throne. Perhaps the world. Or perhaps only one continent. There is such a thing as overreaching, but Ryoka Griffin, that is merely the ambition of a tyrant. And Rhisveri is one of many. That does not mean we are without reason.”
A voice interrupted the Dryad. Ryoka Griffin, Menorkel, Nemed and Gilaw all looked up. Fithea frowned, and Gilaw hid behind Menorkel. Ryoka’s head snapped around and she saw him.
