8.50
Page 1
Even now, he didn’t teach them what he could. He could have told them every secret of metal he had ever learned; no one would stop him. But pride did.
They were not worthy. Their steel wasn’t fine enough; they would disgrace greater metals, even if they copied the basic techniques.
Pelt though…he glanced at Emessa. Nevermore would he forge with his kind. Never would he retire in fame and fortune and glory in Deríthal-Vel. So, then…he had taught one apprentice the secret of Dwarfsteel, which one young man called ‘Titanium’ and Pelt had a different word for.
Kevin. Pelt glanced around and his mood soured abruptly. He stalked over to forge after forge, and began pointing fingers.
“Your hammer hold is weak. That finger. Move it. You with the idiot hat. You’re cooking the metal by a degree or two.”
“I—I’m sorry, Master Pelt. I can’t tell. It looks—”
“Don’t look. Feel the heat. Your eyes? I knew blind smiths who could tell when the metal was ready to strike!”
Pelt roared. The apprentices hunched over as he walked around. Pelt stomped left, right, and then grew tired.
Kevin was gone. Solar Cycles was running…but Kevin’s helpers were frantically taking over and Hedault had to help manage it. No word from him, only cryptic notes. Everyone in the forge dearly wished he would show up—if only because Pelt was less grumpy with Kevin’s ability to soothe him, and in his absence, he was taking it out on them.
Still. Pelt went back to the orb which Emessa had yet to actually turn off. She was staring at a map of possible sites for more of Fissival’s crystal network. Pelt snorted.
“Apprentice.”
“I’m sorry, Master—”
“It’s the same story. Turn that…volume thing lower, and put it in another room if you idiots have to watch. I’ve seen it.”
The other apprentices looked at Pelt as he stomped back to his station, where he was forging identical gears. It wasn’t hard; he waited for the rough shape, then cut perfect teeth into the gear. Kevin had said it was amazing that Pelt didn’t bother to use a mold, and he could work to the level of a machine’s precision despite hand-forging everything.
The Dwarf had told Kevin it wasn’t special. Just Skills. He was so fast, though, that his hammer would sing for mere minutes, then he’d put the gear in oil to cool and for finish-work, and continue watching his apprentices.
Now, he leaned against his anvil. At length, Emessa did dare to ask.
“You’ve seen the broadcast, Master Pelt? Or has this happened before?”
Pelt looked up. He glared…but glanced at the scrying orb and grunted.
“How old do you think I am? I haven’t seen that. But I’ve seen the same thing. Drakes and Gnolls. Humans and half-Elves. It’s not new.”
That was when he did feel tired. It was too nostalgic. Pelt scratched at his beard. He saw some of the others—Human, Drake, Gnoll, even a few Dullahans—all watching him. It was an odd mood that had taken him, but the Dwarf went on after a second.
“That bastard—”
“Chaldion?”
“—that’s what I said. He knows something. There’ll be blood before the month’s out, one way or another. I don’t have to watch to know what’s coming next.”
“But the Arbitration Council is coming to a ruling…”
“Phaw. They’re not Gnolls. They make a big show. They don’t speak for either species. It’s a waste of time. Nothing changes. The Meeting of Tribes…that’s where change’ll come. War or revelations. Not that.”
He pointed at the scrying orb. Some of his apprentices listened with keen ears. After all, Pelt was very high-level, and that apparently meant he was wise in all things.
