8.50
Page 19
“They are all outstanding individuals. Ailendamus was founded on such talent and we do not lack for it. You have seen our flag, our heraldry?”
“Oh—the Hydra?”
That was their national animal. Itorin nodded, heart thundering as Bodswen turned and grimaced. A foreign aura assailed Itorin’s own force of will and bounced off, but it was amazing in such a small boy. Ryoka smiled, hearing a familiar loud voice.
“I think it’s quite suitable. The Duke reminds me of a Hydra, actually. Although he only has one head.”
“Indeed.”
Itorin managed. He looked at Ryoka Griffin and put it all together. Of course. How was he so blind?
She knew everyone. She was able to command the wind, but she had no classes and levels. She somehow had Rhisveri’s tolerance despite being a thief…
“You—are you Rhisveri’s guest, or a thief? Perhaps you have relatives in Ailendamus, or this is part of negotiations?”
This time it was Ryoka’s turn to look surprised. Itorin’s stomach lurched. But he did recall individuals joining Ailendamus, or entire groups. His father had told him of the day Viscount Visophecin had appeared…yet the Wind Runner’s eyes widened, and she smiled. She even chuckled.
“Oh—Your Majesty. I think you’ve misunderstood one thing.”
“Ah. And that would be?”
“I’m not—related to Rhisveri or any of the others. I’m just me. Human Ryoka. I don’t have classes because—I didn’t want any. I’ve been very lucky to survive this far. But I’m afraid that doesn’t make me…immortal.”
Truth. It shone clear in his magical eyesight, and Itorin recalled that one of the things about Rhisveri and his lot was that they were all protected from such spells. He looked at Ryoka Griffin. Wind Runner. Thief and friend to so many. Courier, classless.
Mortal.
Instantly, Itorin was taken by a feeling. Ryoka Griffin looked at him warily, a touch uncertainly, as Sammial Veltras tried to make for them and demand Itorin let them both go. Bodswen directed him into the private room. Oesca turned, smiling to Sammial, who brightened up when he saw Prince Ivenius doing handstands.
“You’re learning how to flip? Ryoka was showing me. Can you do a handstand?”
“I’m waiting for my dress to be enchanted so I can. Otherwise I might…”
Princess Oesca hesitated, blushed, and whispered to Sammial.
“Show my undergarments.”
He gave her a blank look, which completely fit his age. He stared at Oesca’s magnificent dress, like a green lily on water, hand-picked by Queen Oiena and gifted to Oesca as a birthday present, fine even by the standards of royalty. Sammial made a rude sound.
“That’s stupid. Girls wear trousers. Look at Ryoka. Dresses are stupid in battle, you know.”
He pointed. Oesca glanced at her nursemaids, who were glaring at Sammy but already catching wind of his aura.
“[Princesses] do not, nor the nobility.”
She sighed. Sammial looked at her like she was stupid.
“Yes they do. Every girl in House Veltras wears trousers when they go hunting. I’ve never seen Lady Buscrei wear a dress. Unless…no. Wait. That wasn’t a dress. That was just a bath towel.”
Oesca listened to House Veltras’ line of practical clothing options. Her head slowly turned to her nursemaids, and they braced themselves for the demand that came in the next second. However, the first chink in the armor of pleated skirts had been found and the war for pants was on.
Itorin II didn’t see it. And it was somewhat unfortunate because when his daughter demanded to be given a pair of pants, he just said, ‘yes, Oesca’, absentmindedly.
He was too busy shaking Ryoka’s hand.
“Truly?”
“I…well, yes. So you know?”
