8.50
Page 4
He held it up, fascinated, now a puzzle-solver. It was actually fun, and Emessa saw him smile. But she was still at ‘Pelt the Smith doesn’t know what this is’.
“Master! It’s extraordinary, then! Do you want to meet the Chieftain who made this metal? He apparently invented it!”
Pelt glanced up. He looked at Emessa.
“Who’s that?”
“Mrell of Demas Metal.”
Again there was that name. Pelt frowned.
“Demas Metal. It’s a stupid damn name, but this Gnoll’s got some talent if he made it. Demas. Demas. Why did he call it Demas? If he ever comes by Esthelm or Pallass, I’ll think about it. But I don’t need to beg to learn from him.”
“But it’s amazing, isn’t it?”
Pelt did not look like a man who had seen the advent of a new metal. He glanced up.
“It’s an achievement of a lifetime. Fine blade. Poor balance, but a fine discovery. I’ll wager he could improve the composition…I’m seeing flecks here…”
“Master! Please! Give him some credit for inventing a new metal!”
Emessa was dismayed. It wasn’t like Pelt to be that stingy with praise. Pelt glanced at her, eyebrows raised. And then put the dagger down.
“That Gnoll or whoever he is didn’t invent a new metal. He rediscovered one. And for some reason, he named it strangely. Where did you say he learned from?”
“Uh…he was a wanderer, and he apparently roamed a lot of Izril. He ended up along the coast, I think. I don’t know who he learned from, but people say he had a great master who helped him make the stuff.”
Pelt’s hand slipped. He nearly cut his palm open. Slowly, his head rose.
“…Anyone say who the Master was?”
Emessa was frowning. She was offended on Mrell’s behalf that Pelt was ignoring his abilities, but the Dwarf suddenly looked…very interested.
“No, Master. Let me check to see if anything I have says the name…”
“—Was it a Demastel? Demastel the [Smelter]?”
Emessa scanned the parchment. She shook her head. But suddenly, Pelt was staring at the blade like he suddenly saw something. He knew something.
“It has to be. Demas. Dem…he probably did stay there. That idiot liked seafood. Unlike Taxus. It makes too much sense. App—Emessa! Where’s that master now?”
The Drake was looking at Pelt, keenly. She was picking up too much from hints about Pelt’s past. She knew the name Taxus, of course. You’d have to have been living with your head in the sand to be a [Smith] and not know that name, even if it was beginning to be forgotten.
“I think he’s dead, Master. Chieftain Mrell’s never said…”
Pelt’s face became as bleak as could be. He sat down, abruptly.
“Master Pelt? Do you want me to…?”
“No. That would make sense too.”
The Dwarf sat there, looking even older. He held the dagger up to the light and stared at it as his apprentices abandoned their work—those that could do it safely. He looked at the blade. Like a letter from home, and sharp as a razor—it hit him in the heart.
 
——
 
“Demastel was a [Smelter]. Knew more about perfecting alloys than anyone. He’s dead.”
“He might not be—”
“He’s dead. He was dying twenty years ago. I don’t know how that Gnoll found him, but Demastel isn’t the kind of—wasn’t the kind of Dwarf you could pull out of a stupor with a stupid magic flame and some kind words. His crime weighed so heavily—he’s dead.”
Yet he had taken an apprentice of sorts, just like Pelt. And the product was here. Emessa looked at Pelt; she had sent someone to run and get a hot meal and drink—non-alcoholic—but the Dwarf was just staring at the blade.
“Could he have invented the metal? Is this Mrell taking credit?”
