8.50
Page 41
“I’m sure you know this, Queen Oiena. But…a man and a woman can have a conversation and like each other, without necessarily being attracted romantically or physically.”
Ryoka held her breath. She wasn’t sure if that direct comment was going to work or have her head rolling. Oiena searched her face, eyes roaming like a spotlight. Then, suddenly, she relaxed. She actually chuckled, a note of rueful melancholy in it, and looked at Ryoka with what almost looked like familiarity. Or even sympathy.
“I know that. We know that. But do they?”
Ryoka thought of Tyrion Veltras.
“How I wish. But I swear, Queen Oiena, King Itorin is purely interested in my travels.”
“I see. You know, I actually believe you. I wish I did not. It would be so easy to dislike you.”
Oiena tapped a finger against her other hand thoughtfully.
“Do not sell yourself short either, Courier Griffin. Very well. Very well. You are quite…better than I had expected. Do tell me if the Viscount troubles you. I shall also allow Oesca to keep learning her tumbling. Perhaps you and I shall have dinner as well.”
“Thank you—what?”
Queen Oiena looked around. She shook her head, and strode off, looking rather happier than before. Ryoka Griffin stood there.
She had a strange way of meeting people, but it did work.
 
——
 
Duke Rhisveri was annoyed by the whole thing. Visophecin had done nothing wrong. The Wind Runner and the Queen both got on his nerves, and he caught no less than His Majesty, Itorin II, as he came away from the war coucil.
Itorin was relieved, if not with the new developments with the war, but then in a day of hard work. He was even smiling—an expression which soured as soon as Rhisveri thrust one of the [Generals] out of the way to talk with him privately.
“Control your wife. The woman is absolutely nonsensical.”
“I shall do no such thing, Duke. You are my uncle, and she is not a fool. What did she allegedly do?”
“Interfere with Visophecin.”
Itorin stopped. Visophecin? He looked around and saw the Viscount trailing them.
“I—how, exactly?”
“The Wind Runner. Do not engage with her. She is a prisoner.”
Rhisveri snarled, but he was wise enough to keep his face at least blank. Itorin had a sudden premonition as Rhisveri gave the briefest of biased summaries.
He didn’t see what his wife did—not exactly—but he had an instant moment of sympathy for Ryoka Griffin. Immortals were difficult. And it seemed Rhisveri had her in his sights.
Yet—the [King] stopped as the Viscount, Duke, bodyguards, and gaggle of advisors, servants, and so on, were walking down one of the open promenades towards the war room. They looked up, and saw the subject of the hour standing there.
Ryoka Griffin. She had pulled a Visophecin, which meant she suddenly walked out from behind a statue of one of Ailendamus’ former rulers—of which there had only been four—and bowed.
“Your Majesty. Viscount Visophecin. Rhis. Might I have a moment of your time?”
All three turned, Rhisveri with sudden wrath. Itorin nodded.
“Of course, Courier Griffin. I understand there has been some…misunderstandings this morning?”
The Viscount was looking at Ryoka, puzzled. He bowed silently, and Ryoka Griffin smiled. She looked at Itorin, and they had that shared bond which Oiena had mistaken for attraction. No. Just a kinship.
I’m sorry. Itorin’s eyes flicked left to Rhisveri. Ryoka gave him a slight nod.
This is the shit you have to deal with every day? She grimaced.
Like you would never believe. His eyes betrayed an aeon of silent pain. Mostly due to Rhisveri’s shenanigans. He would have to tell her about the melted statues incident.
