8.50
Page 51
The dressing was amazing. Delicious. Ryoka thought it was one of the top 5 dressings she’d ever had, including all the fancy ones. She blinked.
“This is so good. It’s got a bit of a spice to it, it’s tangy—it goes perfectly with all the salad ingredients.”
She looked up and saw Visophecin smile.
“I am glad you think so. Hanadrid is one of the regions House Shoel has an interest in. All the ingredients come from the farms and the salad is a staple across that region of Ailendamus’ kingdom. The variance comes from Veil Tomatoes, which were imported from Noelictus, yellats from Chandrar, and native crops to the region. You see, the diversification of vegetables and sundry dishes was a focus forty years back.”
Ryoka took another bite of salad, eyebrows raised. What was this apropos of? But she listened. Visophecin went on, like some food historian.
“The previous salads and staple meals served across Ailendamus were serviceable…but with our magical supplement program, the capital received complaints about the taste. Thus, it was my initiative to create a contest to create a staple salad and dressing. Over ten thousand participants competed, and the contest of creating new dishes Ailendamus can claim as its own goes on to this day.”
“That’s…impressive.”
Ryoka had to own it was a good salad. Not the best in the world. But Visophecin read her expression.
“Ryoka, I will inform you that I did not request a palace [Chef] to prepare that dish. I requested one from a local inn and I am gratified that a Courier finds it palatable.”
Ryoka looked down at the salad.
“Oh. That is good. So this, uh, was to improve cuisine across Ailendamus?”
The Devil nodded.
“And to disguise the alchemical supplements. The dressing is comprised in part of a powder sold across the nation, subsidized by the crown. It is, I am told, very edible. We were forced to improve the taste, as apparently the alchemical ingredients, such as insect shells, were notable in previous spice mixes.”
Ryoka choked on her salad.
“The what?”
“Insects. Among other alchemical ingredients. Ailendamus sells national spice packets that contain mana restoratives, physical supplements, and so on. The idea comes from Drath, although we cannot afford to copy their pills and tonics. Yet.”
Ryoka stared at her salad and pushed the plate back.
“—That’s what I meant. You’re a group of immortals controlling the kingdom. Doing whatever you want.”
“And that is the crux of why you find yourself opposed to us.”
“Yes.”
Visophecin nodded. He regarded Ryoka, like a puzzle. Ryoka stared at the salad. After a while, the Devil spoke. He sat back in the spotlight, taking a drink from his goblet.
“What bothers you about the fact that Ailendamus gives its populace alchemical supplements? They have no side-effects aside from improving the quality of health among the people.”
“You don’t tell them you’re doing it. Don’t the people have a right to know what they’re eating?”
Visophecin raised his brows.
“Do they have a right?”
“Surely everyone has a right to, oh, freedom of speech, freedom of expression, a right not to be attacked, shelter, food…”
“Naturally. That is the foundation of good governance. Nothing you have said contradicts Ailendamus’ own laws.”
“Yes, but—! They don’t know who’s really ruling them. They have no say in the decisions that get made.”
