8.50
Page 13
“Yes, your Majesty. You’d have to, um, consult with their full plan, as it would change things. But a [Trickster Prince] is an established class. I can pull up nearly two dozen records; it’s quite versatile. [Dancer] and [Performer] combine with standard royal classes with no notable consolidation unless it overpowers the main class, so there’s little issue by Level 20 and if they are talented in either regard, that is quite a good option too. [Tumbler], [Martial Artist], and [Lightfoot] are simply harder to combine.”
“What’s [Lightfoot]?”
There were classes that Itorin had never heard of, many cultural or dependent on the society in which they existed. Jsse knew all of them.
“Criminal-class. Well, not criminal, but it often combines into that. A child-age class, mainly. It can be combined, but I don’t believe a [Prince of Rogues] or a [Princess of the Streets] is desirable.”
“Most certainly not.”
“Father, we won’t take those three classes. But may we learn the other classes? I could become a [Performer]! Or a [Dancer]! Mother wants me to become a [Dancer] anyways!”
Oesca begged. Itorin considered it.
“I will allow it. Prepare a room for training, and if you do gain a class, you must reach Level 10, agreed?”
“Yes!”
Ivenius and Oesca danced about happily. Which was fine. Oiena had thrown ten kinds of fits when their first son was found playing with servants. Itorin had been forced to explain that’s how he’d grown up and that Ailendamus allowed fraternization and indeed, displays of overt emotion. That was what he agreed with too. Rhisveri hadn’t put that into place, obviously. He had all the empathy and child-rearing ability of a sock. With needles in it.
That was the initiative of Lady Paterghost, a…personality. One of Rhisveri’s lot, but who had sought out Itorin personally a few times. Unlike the others, she actually mingled with Itorin’s people now and then, and not merely as a military force like Gilaw, but a kind of advisor to very few.
She had told Itorin stories about how badly it went with monarchs not letting children be children, or forcing them to do things that cropped up later in life as odd fetishes, personality quirks, or terrible deeds. And she would know; she’d seen countless generations of monarchs.
“Very well. Have it arranged. Inform Her Majesty that I believe it is harmless.”
He’d hear from Oiena about it later, but Oesca and Ivenius hugging him and their looks of delight as they ran over to the Wind Runner were worth it. Itorin II saw Jsse peering at Ryoka and frowning.
“Something wrong, Scholar Jsse?”
The woman was fumbling with her earring.
“I think—either my enchantment is not working on only her—or she has a magical safeguard. Or Skill? But it would register that.”
Itorin II glanced over, interested.
“Are you referring to your appraisal earring?”
“Yes, Your Majesty.”
“I thought my ring had failed as well. Does she lack a class?”
The two looked at each other and one of the [Royal Bodyguards] stirred. Itorin turned.
“Bodswen. Can you…?”
One of his elite guard was already casting the [Appraisal] spell. She took one look at Ryoka Griffin and shook her head.
“No class.”
“Really? How extraordinary! I’ve heard there are a few people like that, but I have never met one!”
Jsse whirled, eyes lighting up. Itorin II blinked. He saw the wind lifting a girl into the air with a little cloth parachute, and his eyes swiveled to Jsse.
“How is she controlling the wind?”
“Magic.”
“But if she has no classes…”
Jsse was frowning at Ryoka.
