8.51 D
Page 6
Nothing fancy. No pretense; she knew she was a [Warrior]. She had participated in long campaigns, one nearly eight years long where she fought Centaurs in a huge battle for territory—that was where she had gained her [Barbarian] class.
Right now, she was wearing the body of a Human. Not a good one; certainly not a Centaur’s body, which generally required two Selphids to operate. Just your basic degraded corpse, fit to move, not fun to eat with, or do anything else. At least the vocal cords still worked.
“…Do you have any [Archmages]?”
“Fish.”
The Selphid opposite her muttered. Idis hesitated.
“I think it’s ‘go fish’.”
“I’d rather go fishing. Are you sure the Humans played this game?”
“I think it’s meant for children. They played it a few times. Although…I think they were drinking.”
The second Selphid rolled his eyes. He was wearing a much fancier Minotaur’s body, very fresh and preserved, and he sat back and cast his hand of cards down.
“In that case, Idis, I will wait until we are off-duty to drink and play this game.”
Idis was disappointed.
“Come on, Wettle.”
Weteleq, who was nicknamed Wettle, folded his arms and refused to pick up the cards. Idis was about to suggest they play a more traditional card game when someone spoke.
“To attention. Something is happening with the [Doctor]. To the Third Mind.”
Idis and Wettle shot to their feet, knocking over the card table so fast they sent the cards flying. Six more Selphids all leapt to their feet. Idis whirled and saw the speaker.
“Calectus? What’s—”
But the [Honor Guard], who wore the body of a huge Dullahan wearing steel armor, was already pounding down the hallway. Idis was after him in a flash, and ran through the inner compound of the Minds’ fortress, one of the few places where Selphids were in full power, albeit hidden.
A Gathering Citadel.
But not a traditional palace. That would be notable, and Selphids did not want other species learning of their bases. So unlike Lizardfolk temples or traditional palaces or forts, this one looked like a basic hill. In fact, people had camped on top of it before; it was just one hill in the middle of Baleros’ least inhabitable jungle areas. A secret base for their species.
Not unguarded, though. Idis’ guard unit was one of several that flooded the corridor, heading towards a specific room. Idis saw Selphids taking up positions in the checkpoint designed to hold off attackers—but Calectus motioned her specifically to follow him into the Minds’ chamber.
“Inside.”
“Me?”
“It’s the [Doctor].”
Idis had been with Geneva second-longest of all the Selphids, so she didn’t argue but stepped into the room that held a Mind. Even now—she looked into the room and gasped.
“What’s happening?”
To Selphids, it was strange. To outsiders? Idis had heard some thought of it as horrific. And part of her couldn’t blame whoever saw it for being a bit overwhelmed.
A Mind was this: an orb, or vaguely rotund mass, of Selphids. Selphids without bodies, joined together. Moving, because they were individually alive, and if the body died, so did their part of the Mind—all suspended in the air over a small basin. Water and food could all be placed below and would drift upwards and be consumed.
The Mind floated in the air—the Third Mind, the one devoted to the Wasting. One of six in this Gathering Citadel. Each one had a room like this.
Right now, the Third Mind was clearly agitated. Each Selphid was moving at speed, and Idis saw Calectus hesitate.
“[Guardian] Ressk. Orders?”
