8.51 D
Page 42
Luan was hugging his friends, and they were surrounding him, laughing, crying…
It was very good that the Fraerlings were hidden. Not in the scull; half the Lizardfolk in the city would try to take it for a joyride, and there were [Thieves] probably salivating at the chance. No, Luan had put it away in his bag of holding and given them an exit point.
…And by exit point, four Fraerlings were holding onto barnacles under the docks. Every now and then a big swell from one of the boats would cover them, but Resk had created a miniature bubble that anchored them.
Fraerling magic, which was very hard for even good [Mages] to just spot. Noa sighed.
“This is the part they don’t tell you about.”
“Are you kidding? This is the part the Tallguard tells everyone about so you don’t get little idiots wanting to run out and fight cats.”
The other Tallguard, Kessice, shot back. Cotm was peering upwards from their vantage point with Resk. The [Mage] was muttering.
“…And there’s probably the leader of that Lizardfolk company. See that? Quexal.”
“I’ve only spotted them in books. Amazing. What’s the level?”
“Only 37.”
“That’s so low. Isn’t it?”
“Tallfolk city like this? It’s not the best. Besides, he’s got a decent [Commander] class. [Gorgeleap Commander], to be precise—he can probably hit one of the moons with his jumping Skills.”
“Huh. Any other high-level people present?”
Cotm was making notes like a good Tallguard. Still looking miserable; he clearly hadn’t expected the sheer speed of Luan’s scull, but he had volunteered for the mission. Resk turned his head.
“…[Blackpowder Engineer]. What in—hm. That’s one of Luan’s allies. We need to slap an anti-appraisal spell on that. That must be the one he was talking about.”
“Amazing. You can see all of it?”
The [Mage] looked offended.
“Of course I can! I prepared for this mission, you know. Even before the refugees arrived, I knew I might be going with Luan so I memorized proper [Appraisal] spells. Oh, look. There are some [Strategists]. Four of ‘em. High-level, too.”
He pointed out another group. Cotm frowned.
“Isn’t it a bad idea for them to show their levels? Someone could [Appraise] us, surely…?”
“Well, if we wore a basic warding enchantment, sure. Do you think we’re wearing the shiny pebbles they’re wearing?”
Cotm’s enchanted quill had paused as he stared at the group that Resk had pointed out. He frowned. Then began to try to pull out objects from his cleaned bag of holding while holding on.
“Darn…Noa, can you anchor me?”
“Oh come on, Cotm. Don’t pull out everything. What, do you want a desk?”
“I could create a desk. A magical surface…”
“Shut up. Just hold me.”
Noa, sighing, steadied his grappling hook as Cotm pulled out a number of pages and even a bound book and began leafing through them. Kessice blew out her cheeks, but she gave Noa a look.
“He’s my partner. You get the Sentry Leader, so I guess you have it worse. Cotm’s our [Encyclopedia Scout]. Analysis.”
“Ah. I’m, uh, not specialized. What’s your focus?”
“Sniping.”
Kessice patted the crossbow at her side. Noa nodded. Classic partner duo. Someone tells you where to shoot the bird and you do it. Although…given some monsters, the answer was often ‘the eyes’, or ‘the belly’, and it wasn’t hard. But you had exceptions.
“Hmm…there’s no way…damn. There is a way. Ugh. Stop swinging me, Noa! I’m going to puke again!”
Cotm glared up as the other Fraerling resisted the urge to kick him. He looked up, then around.
“We’re a four-Fraerling team. I’m beginning to think we should have called in a squad of sixteen.”
