8.51 D
Page 21
“Apologies! The Second Mind told me to stop playing once you got here! Did you like the music! It’s like your world’s, right?”
He looked at Geneva. She stared at the Selphid, a bit aghast to realize he knew about Earth.
“It—it’s not like anything I’ve heard. Is it a song? From the Singer of Terandria?”
That was her first instinct; some song turned up too loud. The Selphid grinned.
“I’m glad you thought so! We’re working on lyrics. But we can make our own crystals and take those…sounds. No idea how to replicate them.”
“Why is it so loud?”
Idis asked with Geneva’s voice, though she made an effort to change Geneva’s vocal chords so the voice sounded different. The Selphid blinked at her.
“Oh, so as many people can listen as they want to. Sorry, we’re enchanting this room to deaden the sound and it echoes in confined spaces. The regular song crystals don’t have enough volume; Lizardfolk complain it’s only good for small groups.”
“You’re…making song crystals?”
Geneva Scala couldn’t help but be surprised. The Selphid…what was he? [Composer]? [Researcher]? [Gem Mage]? Grinned.
“Of course we are. Baleros music. Selphid music! We’ll sell the Lizardfolk crystals they can make songs with.”
Geneva and Idis couldn’t exchange glances, but they were fairly in unison.
“That’s what a, uh, Mind is working on? The Second Mind, I mean?”
The Selphid raised his brows.
“The Second Mind thinks it’s worth a project. I don’t argue. If it’ll make us tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of gold pieces each month? I’ll play music until these eardrums pop. I can always get more. Do you have any feedback on…?”
He caught himself.
“No, the Second Mind is waiting. Down the corridor.”
He pointed. Geneva blinked at him, but Idis, reminded they were supposed to be there, hastily swivelled Geneva around.
“Idis. What’s going on?”
Geneva subvocalized to the Selphid. Idis’ internal voice in her ears sounded just as confused.
“I…I don’t know. I’m part of the Third Mind’s authority. I know the other Minds have their own projects. I guess one of them’s making money.”
“So you don’t know this…Second Mind?”
Idis shook Geneva’s head slightly.
“No. I mean—I knew the Minds, and The Bodies of Fellden do whatever they say. But I always thought the Minds were all together. Most Selphids only know the Minds exist. I’ve never…huh.”
Geneva walked down a corridor and saw the pale stone change. From cut stone, it turned to…color. A bright yellow, painted onto the walls. She stopped at an intersection and saw it change abruptly at the end of the corridor where it met another. Into a deep blue, very dark.
“That’s so…colorful.”
Idis breathed. Geneva saw another corridor of green stretching out, and Selphids walking down it. They pointed her down a final section, which was pitch black.
Only then did they come to a checkpoint, where a single Selphid was waiting in front of some [Guards]. Idis waved a hand.
“Excuse me, the Second Mind asked for Geneva? Uh. Why the different colors?”
“The Second Mind’s project. Go inside.”
The [Guardian] looked…different from Ressk, and it took Geneva a moment to understand why. She had it when she saw that this Selphid wore regular clothing, no robes or staff or symbols of authority. The [Guards] looked casual too; they were watching a scrying orb and taking notes. Idis blinked.
“Project? What, coloring the hallways? I, uh—I’ll take a spare body if you have one.”
The [Guardian] raised her eyebrows.
“No need. The Second Mind wishes to speak with you both. Enter.”
“Me? Why me?”
