8.51 D
Page 27
So saying, she reached out. Her hand jerked—Idis? Her? But then she touched the Selphids. She was drawn into the Second Mind and heard its voice.
“Very well.”
 
——
 
Some days it seemed like everything was life-or-death moments. Decisions of great and overly complicated consequences where the wrong move—or any move—would hurt someone. Situations where there were no good answers, only bad outcomes.
This was…not that kind of day in the river-city of Ysai. It was certainly frantic, excited, but it had the kind of vibe of fun, rather than ‘we are all going to die if we get near the inciting incident’.
So Lizardfolk were all over the event, cheering on the swearing people actually hard at work. A grumpy Naga kept smacking Lizardfolk into the water where they cheerfully swam about.
“Stay back! If you get in the way of the work I’ll pull off your tails, got it?”
“I’ve got a big one! I’ll sell it for five silv—ulp!”
A Lizardgirl had pulled a giant, dripping wet…thing out of the river where she’d been diving, just upstream of the hard-working people cracking them open and searching them frantically. She fled as the Naga chased after her.
“Give that back you damned thief! This is city property! If you don’t I’ll—”
But before he could swat her, two groups made a beeline for the Lizardgirl, because they’d seen how huge the giant…shell was.
“Five silver. Toss it over!”
A Centaur galloped forwards, splashing into the muck and holding out some silver. Instantly, on the other side of the river, nearly a dozen Dullahans, led by one in gleaming armor, shouted.
“Fifteen silver! Toss it here and you will be paid!”
“A gold coin!”
“Two gold coins!”
“I’ll give you a gold coin and the Bannermare’s signature!”
The Dullahan glared, and came back with a shout as the exasperated Naga [Overseer] stopped.
“Two gold coins and the signature of no less than Tulm the Mithril!”
The Lizardgirl with the giant, dripping object wavered between the two. She made up her mind and ran at the Centaurs.
“I want her signature!”
That was a commentary more on the popularity of the two famous seconds to each Great Company among your young Lizardfolk than the fiscal economics of each signature in the developing market of celebrity-signage.
However, the little incident resulted in a gold coin and a promise for the signature changing claws, and the Centaur trotted back to the group on his side, as more Centaurs trotted about, calling encouragement or even trying to help.
But the crews on the banks of the Ysai were experts. And it seemed the Centaur had made a good purchase, because the object the Lizardgirl turned over turned out to be…
An oyster. It was brackish enough on the banks of the Ysai river for them to survive, and because the city kept the rivers clean and even cultivated the famous oyster beds, this was where you came to get some fine oysters.
Or, if you were more mercantile, their other product.
Pearls.
In this case, not just ‘pearls’, but magic pearls. Because if you were going to have a pearl, it might as well do something.
In this case, the [Pearl Hunters], [Shell Openers], and so on, including even hired [Treasure Seekers], [Divers], and more, were in a frantic race to find a pearl from the many oysters here. Oh, they’d found a number of quite fine ones already, but they were after a Ysai speciality—a Purewater Pearl.
