8.51 D
Page 44
Geneva Scala looked at herself, standing in the void. Then she was herself. Like before, she made contact and the Mind engulfed her.
Yeque, the representative personality, the Selphid [General], appeared, looking displeased.
“You have spoken with the Second Mind. It is not your fault. Nevertheless, the Second Mind is divergent in notable ways. Sympathetic where it must be practical.”
Geneva Scala turned. She felt…clearer. Rather than the Third Mind simply guiding her from topic to topic, it seemed to be waiting for a response. She thought/spoke her reply.
“The Second Mind is ethical. As a [Doctor], I find more common ground with it.”
Yeque frowned and more Selphids appeared, with more Genevas.
“The Second Mind is not superior to this gathering. It is not able to conduct research into the Wasting optimally. What did it tell you/inform you/offer?”
Geneva folded her arms.
“Why don’t you simply take what you want to know?”
Yeque hesitated. He grimaced and Geneva was sitting with him at a table. It was the United Nations’ table, where she used to talk with Daly, Paige, and the others. She had a cup of tea in her hand and he leaned forwards.
“We are not hostile, Geneva Scala. You understand our great urgency. You are a [Doctor], sworn to help others in need.”
Geneva felt a pang in her chest. She closed her eyes, and replied, slowly.
“I am. But a [Doctor]…no, a doctor is still a person. I can’t be everywhere and do everything. I also did not agree to give up my rights just because I want to help people. My Hippocratic Oath does not mean I place myself in danger or allow situations like this to occur.”
The Selphid frowned. He looked around the room and shook his head.
“We would like to cooperate.”
Geneva Scala stood. She did feel clearer. She focused—she had to focus, just like the Second Mind had taught her.
“You have not cooperated thus far. You have had me do whatever you needed. I am in the center of the Mind, but I have no agency.”
Yeque narrowed his eyes. Suddenly, he was gone and Geneva felt hundreds, thousands of other minds all pressing at her, one being of many parts.
“The Second Mind has done something. What? We must know.”
Geneva was in the void again, but, unlike last time, she thought there was a nuance to the displeased force of the Third Mind. She…heard. No, she sensed? She thought-heard whispers. A kind of undercurrent to the main words.
“Implications of treachery? The Minds are united in purpose.”
“Conflict with the Second Mind is not desired. Redefine as disagreement—”
“The Second Mind may be attempting to co-opt the [Doctor].”
The Third Mind wasn’t sure. And Geneva heard the many opinions within it, from separate Selphids. Yet as the Second Mind had told her—the Mind ruled by majority.
“Tell us what the Second Mind did/said/promised. We ask.”
Geneva Scala folded her arms.
“I refuse. What will you do then?”
The Third Mind paused for less than a fraction of a heartbeat in real-time. But Geneva sensed many, many individual voices…minds…doing something that was like a vote. Only, with all their perspectives and feelings in play.
Some of the Selphids regretted it. Some were adamant. Many…many were afraid, angry, curious. What emerged was a will forged of the majority of opinions, and it was this. She felt a vast, implacable will.
“We will know.”
Geneva Scala tried to fight it—but even with the Second Mind’s lessons, it was like…
