8.51 D
Page 8
Geneva Scala spoke, her mouth dry. Idis pumped a bit of saliva out of her glands and checked her condition. Fine. Muscles a bit stiff…Idis began to activate them. Geneva Scala stood, as Calectus and Ressk approached.
“…will perform more inspections, with greatest apologies, Third Mind. What shall we do with Doctor Scala?”
“Let her perform research/rest as she desires. Mental backlash from joining has been mitigated. We will begin again tomorrow. We will communicate with other Minds and continue to pursue her projects.”
“As the Minds will it.”
Ressk offered a hand to Geneva. She stared at it, and Calectus. Slowly, Geneva walked past the two, though Idis needed to help her. She’d forgotten to breathe as well. She forgot these things for a while, lost in the Mind.
“I…will go to my rooms. Then conduct my own studies.”
Ressk nodded. Calectus followed Geneva as the alarm was called off. The Selphids on guard-duty watched Geneva as she walked towards her quarters. Idis held her ‘tongue’ until they were a ways away from the Third Mind. Then she began to chatter.
“Are you okay, Geneva? What happened? Did you make a lot of progress? Are you bored? You’re a bit hungry. Want to eat…”
She trailed off as Geneva Scala stopped, one hand on the wall of smooth stone. The [Doctor] spoke.
“I’m physically fine, Idis. I…experienced someone else’s life. I don’t know if I can say it was unpleasant. It wasn’t at the time. Now? I was someone else and that is horrifying. I learned so much. But I am still your people’s prisoner. I want to leave, Idis.”
The Selphid went quiet as Geneva straightened. Her hand tensed on the wall.
“I want to leave. They can make me forget that, but only when I’m in the Mind. Do you think this is right?”
“I…I’m just a single Selphid, Geneva. I have orders.”
Idis didn’t know what to say. Nor was this the first time Geneva had said it. The [Doctor] almost laughed; Idis felt the muscles move, but it never came out.
“I wanted to trust you, Idis. You know, this is just like what Okasha did.”
“No. It’s not. It’s for our people. They’re not taking your body. It’s…”
Idis bristled. Okasha had committed the gravest crime of a Selphid. Geneva began to walk.
“Really? Explain to me how it’s different.”
Idis struggled to explain it. Aware all the while that she was enabling Geneva to move. That Geneva was de facto a prisoner and Calectus had told Idis the [Doctor] was by no means allowed to leave, though she had free rein of the facility. And why not, with Idis in her? Geneva Scala replied and Idis realized she now dreaded the moments Geneva left the Third Mind—after their daily meetings, which lasted from an hour to four at most.
She had thought they were becoming friends. Now, the [Doctor] was angry. And Idis…was starting to run out of reasons she shouldn’t be.
 
——
 
There was a saying that people who spoke English had. ‘When it rained, it poured’. That was the kind of phrase that confused the heck out of non-native speakers sometimes. Like ‘blue’. Just…blue. As a word. Why did it have to be a color and emotion?
Ah, but the phrase was not a unique sentiment to English. There was an equivalent expression in Kenjiro Murata’s language.
“雨が降れば土砂降り.”
“Hm?”
The young man instantly bowed his head deeply.
“I am sorry, Second of Armor, I was merely remarking upon the weather.”
He regretted the slip. Especially because the Second of Armor was an important Dullahan, and they did not appreciate slips in manners.
Yet it seemed like luck was on Ken’s side, because the Dullahan did not take offense. Or perhaps it was Ken’s class and Skills.
