8.51 D
Page 41
Chaos and confusion and drama. The only person arguably unhappy was Cotm, who had been heartily sick afterwards. He raised a distinctly green face from throwing up into a bag of holding. Noa shuddered.
“I hope you emptied that first. Look at all the Tallfolk. Is this going to make our job easier or harder? We have to get to Paeth with the supplies.”
“Nothing like a Courier for opening doors. Besides, it’s nice to zoom about. That’s a story to tell.”
Resk, the Alchimagus, smiled, but he was watching the Humans. Allies? That was a hard thing to say with the Fraer-folk, but Paeth needed allies. In fact…
There were more than just Talenqual’s people, the United Nations company, and the Featherfolk Brigade, who were a bit put out that all this celebration wasn’t for them.
Kissilt, Cameral, Umina, and Marian all stood further back on the docks. Kissilt was cursing and fishing around for something.
“Damn. Just when I’d thought this was all wasted. Do we have to cozy back up to that company, or what?”
“It is just a Courier. Not the Last Light.”
Cameral was making notes—for their next job. Umina and Marian exchanged a look.
“He was just a City Runner the last time we saw him. That’s some serious gear, Cameral. Did you see his scull-thing? It’s a new kind of variation on a traditional craft. There’s something here.”
The [Strategists] were fairly disguised; enough so that no one immediately pointed to them as the Titan’s students. They all had anti-[Appraisal] artifacts, even Umina. Of course, if you were wise, you’d spot them.
That was why Peclir Im was not on the streets. He had returned for a second meeting with Fezimet, the leader of the Featherfolk Brigade. The Quexal was glaring at the celebrations.
“Something of an important moment. Should you be down there, Commander Fezimet?”
The Naga-leader irritably waved his tail as his feathered wings opened and closed.
“It’s just a Courier. Rest assured, Peclir, it will not affect anything. In fact, I intend to expunge this company from my city. I’ll remove them within the month. Within the week! You can’t have two companies in a city, even if they’re more like a Human collective.”
“Hm. That’s very well.”
Peclir had halted his exodus with the forces because of all the attention coming their way. But also…he sat there, looking out the glass windows.
The students weren’t much of a variable. The Last Light was interesting, but she was gone and a lot of interests coincided with her. But that new Courier…
“Is something wrong, Peclir? Er…can I offer you anything?”
Fezimet was a bit distracted, unaccustomed to having someone who might be a superior in the room. Peclir just stared down.
“Not immediately, Commander Fezimet. I am just thinking. Would you entertain a request? Not from the Jungle Tails company; a personal one. Simply a hunch.”
“I…will certainly do my best.”
“Thank you.”
Peclir turned. It was just a hunch. But he happened to know his enemy—which was to say, the Forgotten Wing company—and their strengths and weaknesses. He didn’t know everything, which annoyed him; they were careful with even trusted help.
Even so. That was an amazingly sturdy vehicle that Human had. Peclir had seen it go down Hemglass’ street at incredible speed, wood on stone. Steel would have been scratched or bent from the impacts. Of course, craftsmanship was craftsmanship. But putting together that class of boat, which Peclir had never seen before in…what, two months?
And where had he disappeared? Peclir decided that, like the Titan, he had to give someone a bit of homework.
 
——
 
