8.51 D
Page 35
But more than that, they’d added a bunch of experimental features. Including a mirror on either side like a car’s side mirrors that let Luan see ahead. He was facing backwards so he had a perfect view of the half-Elf chasing after them.
“He’s picking up speed, Luan! He’s using another Skill!”
“Got it. My turn. I’m doing it again! Hold on!”
“No, no, no! Not again! That’s how we nearly died last time! Don’t—”
The male Tallguard, Cotm, shouted. But he and the other three were already clinging to the bars. Luan put his oars into the water and shouted.
“[Two Hundred Pound Stroke]—”
Luan didn’t know exactly how much power he put into each pull of the oars regularly. But his Skill definitely had a quantifiable number. He never finished the Skill—he left his thoughts and voice behind him.
 
——
 
The Wistram broadcast was on a definite delay. It even had a marker in the corner, because they had to catch the audience up from the beginning. Drassi charged into the studio in her pajamas. She led with this simple question:
“Do you believe a Human can fly?”
Daly was having breakfast and scratching at a recent tick bite. He reached for a glass of juice and Paige spat out her entire mouthful of cereal all over him. The old Cerealbreath blaster.
“Fuck, Paige! What’s—”
 
——
 
Luan screamed. Noa screamed. Everyone screamed, and got to scream for a long time. They were in the air. And just like last time—the scull was angling, headed straight for the water and they were going to go into it, then flip out as the enchantments—
“[Featherfall]! [Featherfall]!”
Resk cast the spell and the scull levelled out just in time. Luan saw the front go under in the mirror, but heaved, and they shot forwards again in another hop.
“I want to go home!”
Cotm was shouting. But Luan was rowing again, and Oredien? The Wave Runner’s mad dash hadn’t gotten him any closer. In fact, he was staring at Luan. The man could see his clear confusion.
What is…?
Now this was, uh, scull-racing! Luan laughed as he pulled ahead, again. The scrying spell following him was trying to clock their speeds.
The Wave Runner was fast. He could beat any ship going without specific enchantments. He had a land speed on water that any [Rider] would envy. It was indeed hard for most vessels to match land-speed.
Sea, land, air, in terms of priority. Except—if you’d ever seen someone cross Igawiz’s Jet. If you’d ever seen The Pride of the Wellfar at top speed.
“He’s falling behind! This City Runner—I’m told his name is Luan—Luan the Rower—is breaking his speed record by multiple factors! What is that thing? A canoe for one?”
Drassi was commentating the race with Sir Relz. The Drake was trying to peer at the object.
“It’s no known object I’ve seen. Some hybrid canoe and er…”
“You don’t know? Then I get to commentate! Out, out! [Commentators] only get to talk if they know anything! I’m Drassi, [Reporter], and I say that Human is going fast!”
Luan was zooming along, heading out to sea to avoid the chop. The first jump of when he used his Skill had been a mistake, dramatic or not. He’d slowed down to compensate, and was picking up speed.
It didn’t get boring though, even though the race was longer than ten minutes—or even one hour. For one thing—just look at him.
 
——
 
“That’s a Human. I mean—no. That’s an Earther! One of us! It has to be! Richard! Richard!”
Emily was shouting for him in Rhir. She was hardly the only person to take one look at him and jump to the conclusion. It wasn’t just her, though.
 
——
 
