8.51 D
Page 18
“…That seems to be their plan, yes. Which means we have to safeguard you. Perhaps even consider abandoning this city if it comes to it. Though they might—”
“—Strike us on the road. Mm. Yes. They have good plans if they’re smart. If they’re not, they’re not. If they are? Doesn’t matter.”
The Centauress tilted her head slightly. She trotted back as the other [Strategists] looked worried. Foliana sounded defeatist, but that wasn’t what Perorn was getting.
“You seem like you have a plan, Foliana. Which would be…?”
“Keep everything. Lose nothing. Unless you have to. Don’t bother me.”
Three-Color Stalker sat there, nibbling at her food. Just like she’d been doing since Niers left. She’d participated in the news, disappeared to check her news sources, but carried on as Perorn tried to hold everything together.
The Centauress had resented that. Fleethoof, the famous [Strategist], was aware of her limits and she needed Niers, just as much as he needed her and his other officers.
But Foliana…she just sat there. When the last of the brie disappeared and she was licking her paws, she looked up.
“I am not a [Strategist].”
“You lead this company…”
Foliana shrugged.
“But I’m not a [Strategist]. Don’t tell me strategy things. Just do it. Keep everything you can. Let them take forces. Something else will come up. Plans are smart. Opponents are smart.”
“And when they corner us?”
Perorn snapped. And, at last, she saw Foliana’s eyes gleam. The Squirrel Beastkin raised her head slowly.
“When they reveal themselves? They always do. Then I know their faces. Then I know who they are. They die, or we die. All I have to do is wait. Don’t bother me. I’m going to eat more brie.”
She hopped off her chair and vanished halfway towards the door. Perorn saw Hetoque edge back, but the door never opened. Maybe Foliana was here? Maybe she’d left.
The room was silent for a moment. Perorn looked around.
“…You heard her.”
It was then she was reminded of the difference. No—even reassured, despite Foliana’s completely unhelpful demands. She wasn’t Niers. A [Strategist], like Perorn, like Niers, thought of gain and loss. Of where to apply strength, to retreat, how to conserve their forces.
Foliana was not a [Strategist]. She was a [Rogue]. She was the Stalker of Baleros. She…waited.
For a target. But she was waiting for the trap’s jaws to close. Perorn felt it too. Not all the coins had yet to drop.
Dead gods. If only the students could find Niers. That was the one element Peclir had failed to account for. He was alive. Or he had been, during the Village of the Dead raid. If he could return? Perorn went back to keeping things from falling apart. Buying time.
 
——
 
Geneva was a prisoner. Not an ill-treated one—at least, in terms of hospitality. She had access to the entire Gathering Citadel. She could ask for any food she wanted—not that she did—and it would doubtless be provided.
Her rooms weren’t magically bugged, at least to Idis’ knowledge. And she thought she was trusted.
The young Selphid’s career was on the rise. It should have made Idis happy. But more and more, she felt…terrible for Geneva. Yet here was the thing.
Geneva Scala was prisoner of the Minds.
Prisoner in her mind. And the problem with any escape attempt or sympathizers? With any plans, plots, or schemes?
The Minds knew. They knew…everything. The summons came for Geneva shortly after she rested in the comfortable room they had made for her.
