8.51 D
Page 29
The Wave Runner, Oredien, looked up and grinned as a commotion broke out on shore. Everyone ran to look. Who was it? Who had gotten the pearl first?
The Maelstrom’s Howling company, that’s who. They were fighting their way up the streets, Centaurs stamping their hooves, forcing the crowd back. They had the pearl and they wanted it delivered now.
But…and here the first note of alarm entered Ysai’s small moment.
Would the Iron Vanguard stand for that? Because here a detachment came, Dullahans marching in their ranks. The Centaurs slowed and they aimed their bows warily at the ground. Lizardfolk saw the second group coming and now they were pushing to get out of the way.
“Hold your fire! This is neutral ground! You have no legs to stand on, Iron Vanguard. Don’t make this escalate.”
The Centaur leading their group warned the Iron Vanguard’s representative. The Dullahan who replied had some kind of pale steel armor, a different alloy than normal.
“This will not come to blows. But we will inhibit your progress.”
“Good luck with that. Courier Oredien—to the [Jeweler] in Hemglass, please. Courtesy of the Maelstrom’s Howling company.”
With some fanfare, the Centaur offered the Wave Runner the bag, in case this appeared on the news. Hemglass was further south, one of the big cities just north of Talenqual.
The half-Elven Courier…didn’t move. He looked at the Centaur, who shook the bag impatiently, and sighed.
“I’m sorry, sir. I’m afraid I’ve been booked for another delivery.”
The Centaur’s face went slack for a moment. Then he turned pale. The Dullahan’s representative smiled slightly.
“You—how much are they paying you?”
“I can’t name numbers, sir. I’m afraid it was pre-agreed.”
Upset! Lizardfolk ran around in the streets, shouting. It was all a trick! The Iron Vanguard had pre-hired the Wave Runner before he came to the city, and the idiots in the Maelstrom’s Howling Company hadn’t gotten a backup!
Now that was the kind of underhanded play people were here to see. Tulm the Mithril, back at it again. The Centaur galloped towards the [Mages].
“Get me any Courier in the region! A—a City Runner?”
But a City Runner, beating a Courier? Couriers did runs in mere hours that took City Runners days. The Maelstrom’s Howling’s leader was panicking, but there was a chance. If the Iron Vanguard didn’t find another Purewater Pearl soon, if…
A cheer from the river. The Centaur turned and the Dullahans began to smile with, what was for them, exuberant victory. The Dullahans had just found their own magic pearl.
“We’ll offer you half again what the Iron Vanguard is paying.”
The Centaur swung around to the Wave Runner. The Courier hesitated, but he had to shake his head.
“I’m afraid it’s pre-arranged, sir. I’m sorry—”
“You won’t hear the last of this! The Maelstrom’s Howling will remember this!”
“And so will the Iron Vanguard. You can’t threaten a Courier.”
The Dullahan and Centaur were arguing as the Centaurs galloped around, calling for an emergency teleportation spell—but it was a magic pearl—debating having one of their own try to run down one of the trade routes.
But even Centaurs weren’t close to Courier-levels, and the Wave Runner had the straightest shot down the coast. The second pearl was being transported up the hill and now the Centaurs were blocking the Dullahans, jostling with them and shouting.
