8.51 D
Page 17
Two huge eyes blinked at her. Perorn looked around and the other [Strategists] gave her a look saying clearly that she had to hammer this into Foliana’s stubborn head. She had never quite understood why Niers wanted to be second-in-command. Then again, he liked being the real power behind the throne, so to speak. But it did make it hard to reason with her.
“Yes, but in his absence, we are under attack. By whomever hired Peclir Im…and from outside forces.”
“It’s probably not even organized. Simple logic on behalf of whomever is after us.”
That came from one of the two Dullahans present. Perorn nodded at him.
“Exactly. The other Great Companies know he’s missing. Everyone knows he’s missing, so everyone’s piling on. What’s that saying about that?”
Foliana pursed her lips.
“…When you see someone being mugged, join in and kick them while they’re on the ground?”
Perorn hesitated.
“Not the expression I’d use, but it’s damned applicable here. The Iron Vanguard is threatening our fortresses on their border. Maelstrom’s Howling is watching them since they know they need us, but they’re edging up on our most valuable areas. Damned greedy Centaur vultures.”
The other [Strategists] and Foliana all looked pointedly at Perorn, the lone Centaur in the room. She glared, pawing the ground.
“What? It’s true. Not a shred of foresight in most of their heads. Listen. Foliana, we have small companies trying to bite at us, thinking we’re distracted. We’ve pulled every group we can to hotspots, keeping things under control.”
Hence the vacancies here. They even had students acting as officers. Foliana pointed to the magical map, glowing with danger zones. She turned to Foliana.
“You see what they’re doing, don’t you?”
Please see. It wasn’t hard. If you couldn’t figure it out after all that, you’d fail out of her entry-class on the spot.
“Bleeding us. Taking forces away from the capital. Here.”
Foliana answered grudgingly after a minute of waiting. Perorn exhaled. She saw the giant Squirrel reach for a glass of wine.
“You could just say it. Mm. I’ve been here forty minutes. Numbers. Places. Just say that part. Niers does.”
“Niers isn’t here. I am asking you for judgement, Foliana. It’s clear as day they want to divide up our strengths. You are the only other head of the company. If someone strikes us here…I have a list. Which investments do we drop? We can evacuate forts, keep an army in reserve. If you’re not comfortable, I have it ranked by my priority.”
Foliana saw the other [Strategists] tense as she was presented with the list. And, again, she barely looked at it.
“Mm. That’s all our territory. We took that fort. I was there. I stabbed someone in the foot for it. That village mines gold.”
“I know, Foliana. But we can’t keep them all. We’re leaving ourselves exposed.”
Two huge eyes blinked.
“Just like they want.”
“Yes, so…”
“Keep them all.”
That was the last thing the Centaur wanted to hear. She trotted forwards. The problem was…
This campaign had to be Peclir’s initiative. He understood Niers and Foliana, that damned traitor. And Foliana was possessive.
“I know it’s our territory. We can win it back. But if we don’t want to be vulnerable here…”
“They’ll take our forces anyways. Mm. It’s a plan. Plans usually work if they’re good. Don’t bother.”
Perorn blinked. That clear line came from Foliana—she still refused to look at the map, but she gave Perorn a piercing glance.
“We will lose forces. Something…mm. Something will happen. We will be exposed. Then they strike.”
