8.51 D
Page 51
At last, Ekrn looked around. The Guidance did too, and they saw other Fraerlings. Nearly four dozen Fraerlings stood there, despite Ekrn’s team only being six strong. Some had come alone. Others in groups, the largest fourteen strong.
“We also represent Fraerling…settlements. Under attack! We have seen Tallfolk scouts looking for something! We are not part of Forgotten Wing’s aegis, but we identify them as your enemies. Someone knows where we are.”
A Fraerling strode forwards, silver-haired, and barked up at Foliana. Other representatives shouted too.
“A village is gone! It was a complete slaughter! It will be repaid!”
“No one knows where we are but the Titan of Baleros and this company! We must be defended! We have given the Titan his precious signim—and is this how he repays us?”
Fraerlings from multiple regions. All in danger. Ekrn’s neck prickled. He looked at the Guidance, and then at Foliana. Slowly, the Squirrel Beastkin sat up and looked at Perorn. She murmured.
“Here comes the trap. Mm.”
Her eyes glittered.
“Almost done waiting. Waiting for it to snap.”
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I am taking my break on, or before the 22nd of November. Mainly because while it’s a very short working time…I’m going to visit family for Thanksgiving.
It’s something that’s very important, and so it’s unavoidable. In the larger sense, I will be curious to know if a shorter working week and two vacations in the same month help improve my writing.
I think readers can tell when I’m at the height of my energy, off a break, and when I’m ending it. It may be that it’s more beneficial to take longer breaks…I just don’t want to.
Also, it’s hard for me to do that, but it might be better for the writing quality. That’s for the future-me to work with, but I hope you’ll understand if I do. More breaks doesn’t mean less words—it might mean higher-quality, or I can work on other projects. I do have other stories I want to tell, not all TWI-related, so things like a regular 2-week break every few months or something might allow me to try new things.
That’s just my notes for the writing life. I hope you enjoyed this chapter. I am back! And we are still going for it, strong as ever. This is the side story chapter; were you happy with the results even if you didn’t vote for it? Let me know and thanks for reading! Let’s get to it. It might be a shorter writing-month, but I’ll try to make each chapter count. Thanks!
 
Dado has commissioned two pieces! Everyone appreciate Dado!

(Click here for the NSFW art they commissioned. Nudity, sexual content. You have been warned.)
 
Goblin Queen by ferversaile, commissioned by Dado!

 
Regrika Blackpaw by gheeart, commissioned by Dado!

 

