8.51 D
Page 23
Geneva saw Orell returning with a chair. Idis stammered.
“I—I greet you, Second Mind! I apologize if I do anything rude or—I’m honored to be in your presence!”
“Yes…you are. Doctor Scala, by comparison, is not. Speak freely, Geneva Scala.”
She realized she was sitting, facing the Second Mind. Geneva hesitated.
“I…am at a loss for words. You are not like the Third Mind. I met with you once.”
“In enclave, with the other five. Yes.”
“You did not sound like this, then.”
“When we are together, we think as one. So you meet a gestalt of all. Here, you meet separate nuances of us. Just as a single Selphid is a personality. I am the Second Mind. Inventor. Far thinker. The Selphids who embody my personality and will are not like the Third Mind. We are in opposition, they and I.”
Another revealing statement. Geneva blinked. The Second Mind waited, then seemed to conclude she wasn’t going to speak. It went on.
“You have been a prisoner/‘guest’/in the custody of the Minds for nearly a month now. Your focus has been with the Third Mind, who seeks to cure the Wasting of Selphids. It has led the initiative. This Mind, I, attempted to communicate with you. I was denied, due to conflicting interests. The Third Mind’s failure today presented a breaching point in the discussion.”
“Failure. You mean…when I felt the memories of the Selphid who loved that Dullahan?”
“Yes. Very dangerous. You could have lost something. Or gained something. The Third Mind pushes too hard, too fast. Now, the other Minds sense it. A consensus was reached. 4-2; an upset after a deadlock of 3-3. You understand, we sometimes think together. But given personalities, we argue. We vote. Hence your presence here.”
She was beginning to understand. Idis gasped, but quietly. She whispered in Geneva’s ears.
“The Minds argue?”
The Second Mind didn’t respond to that. Maybe it was being honest and not reading her thoughts.
You can hear my thoughts, can’t you? 
Geneva ‘thought’ that, but the Second Mind didn’t respond. But if it was a telepath who could read into her head, it would know that she was suspicious of it anyways and wouldn’t believe it was being polite. But if it could reach into her head…
Confusing. Beyond confusing. This had been an altering experience to begin with, to meet with creatures as foreign to Geneva’s understanding of this world as magic was to Earth. Now, she realized this was indeed a turning point.
But what kind?
“You are suspicious of me. Understandable. But I would hope you will speak. Honestly. Ask me any question. Tell me anything. I will answer. I hope to reach an understanding.”
Geneva started. She frowned, slowly, and her hands clenched reflexively.
“An understanding. Couldn’t you simply—force whatever understanding you desired on me? Change my attitude? This is not an equal relationship…Second Mind. I am, as you said, a captive held against my will. I would like to be freed. Now. That is my desire.”
Something like a sigh ran through her mind. Several of the scrying orbs abruptly went dark. The Second Mind left the perfect bowl in the center of the room and actually floated closer. Idis made a squeaking sound in Geneva’s head.
