8.51 D
Page 50
“I’m neither. But you are all students of the Forgotten Wing company, aren’t you? In the name of the Titan of Baleros, I invoke your aid. I hope you’re honorable. But we’ll see.”
The students looked around. Umina squinted up and Marian frowned. With her keener eyes due to her archery Skills, she saw something.
“It’s a little…pebble. Wait. A speaking st—”
Something moved. Umina jerked, but it tracked her, and she flinched, raising her dagger as—
A Fraerling landed on her head. Umina went cross-eyed. Kissilt and Cameral froze. The Drake nearly shouted.
“Profess—”
But it wasn’t the Titan. The Fraerling man was clearly younger, and he had different hair, a more stocky build…yet he was a Fraerling.
Cotm stood up on Umina’s snout, glanced at the cross-eyed Lizardgirl, and around at the students. His heart was pounding, but he kept his voice level.
“I am Cotm, Tallguard of Feiland. I am requesting aid from the Forgotten Wing company!”
And that was when the gears really began to turn. But…Cotm? He began to explain as the [Strategists] took him to a safe place. Why them? Why not the Forgotten Wing company?
Because they were in the right place, at hopefully the right time. But you didn’t put all your eggs in one basket—or aphid eggs as the case might be. Cotm wished Noa’s group the best of luck. He was taking a risk. Not alone, though.
 
——
 
Perorn Fleethoof ran. She ran through the academy, up a flight of stairs tailored for Centaurs, and burst into the room. She was panting; she was not a filly anymore.
Foliana was already there, somehow. She sat there, calmly eating a berry the size of her paws. A little bit had been broken off and placed on the table in front of her.
Someone kicked it. Instantly, he was scolded, but he folded his arms.
“What, no plates? I thought this ‘Great Company’ was used to Fraerlings. We’re not savages. Are you?”
“Mm. Someone’s getting some plates. You all came at once.”
The tiny little man put his hands on his hips.
“So rather than wait for it, you expect all of us to devour a single piece of berry.”
Foliana eyed the piece of berry. She picked it up, popped it into her mouth, and began to chew.
“…Mm. Tasty.”
“Dead gods.”
Perorn stopped. She stared at the visitors. Counted. One, two…
Sentry Leader Ekrn stared up at Foliana, trying not to look away, but Three-Color Stalker was hunched over, staring almost at eye-level with him. And her eyes were huge. Some of the other Fraerlings had backed up, surrounding the female Fraerling who was just behind Ekrn.
“Mm.”
That was all the Squirrel Beastkin woman said. She looked at the other Fraerlings.
“Who are you?”
“Sentry Leader Ekrn of the Tallguard of Feiland. Here to demand answers from the Forgotten Wing Company on behalf of Feiland!”
He barked back. Foliana blinked, slowly. Then focused on the second figure.
“And I am Guidance of Paeth on the Coast. Also here to represent my colony, and other cities which have come under attack by Tallfolk who know where we are.”
Guidance glanced at Ekrn. They had come together, and the Tallguard escort was meant for her as much as Ekrn, but they represented two powers, Tallguard and city.
That would have been enough for Perorn to gasp. But not enough to represent the others.
More Fraerlings stared and muttered. They pointed at Ekrn and the Guidance. Ekrn heard them—he wanted to look at them, but his eyes were still engaged in a staring match with Foliana, who was glancing at them.
“The Guidance herself? Sentry Leader…no one higher-ranked?”
“And who are you?”
