8.51 D
Page 43
“Really? Well, I can’t say we would have added to the burden—but we’d take away from Paeth. Given the situation…I wish we had another dedicated [Alchemist] or our own [Engineers] or [Mages].”
Resk agreed. The civilian-Fraerling looked around.
“I haven’t been in that much danger yet. Although I’m counting on you all to shoot any cats in the city.”
Noa and Kessice nodded grimly. The city would be the biggest challenge, ironically. There were evil fish at sea, but Luan’s boat was Fraerling-magictech. In the city?
“We’ll set up traps, show you proper barrier spells, and if there are bugs, we’ll incinerate the bastards in their lair. We’ll need to secure any room he puts us in; there’s no guarantee the Tallfolk don’t have cracks as huge as we are they don’t know about.”
“Watch for doors. Noa, how’s your close-quarters fighting?”
“G-good? I’ve fought rats close-quarters, aside from the fighting at Paeth. Our armor’s rated for magical creatures.”
“Well, we’ll try to poison them or burn them. Resk, do you know [Acid Wave]?”
“You want waves? I can do waves. You want rain? Orbs? Geysers? Just don’t let them get near me with their feely-bits and pinchers. Unless it’s as dinner.”
Cotm ignored the other Fraerlings planning. He looked up, sighed, looked down at something, and reached up as he packed away his gear. He took the grappling hook’s line back from Noa and turned to face the others.
“We’re authorized to make a lot of choices. Alchimagus Resk, you’re the civilian-lead, and I’m technically the Tallguard in authority.”
“You are? I thought Kess—”
Cotm glared at Noa.
“I’m empowered to make decisions for Paeth. We all are. This isn’t a game, so bear it in mind. Paeth is in danger. Oierdressql fell and we might be next.”
The others fell silent. Cotm glanced up at Luan, who had glanced their way a few times; he’d have to pick them up later under some pretense.
“When you get to this United Nations company, it’s up to you whether we make contact with more Humans, Alchimagus Resk. Get the supplies, and…well, I’m not sure what we need. We can contact Paeth and get in touch with the Sentry Leader and Architects. Be careful. Luan’s trustworthy, but Tallfolk can still lie.”
Noa frowned.
“…You’re saying it like you won’t be there.”
Cotm looked at Kessice. He checked his grappling hook, then pulled a second enchanted hook and rope from his belt. He looked at the others, who all stared at him.
“I’m Tallguard Cotm, making an independent decision for Paeth and Feiland. Don’t make contact with me and if you don’t see or hear from me—expect the worst.”
“Cotm—”
Kessice began to argue, but the [Scout] had made up his mind. Only…Noa’s brow wrinkled. For what?
 
——
 
It was a mystery. One that would be answered soon enough.
Idis shrank a bit because while Calectus and Ressk weren’t precisely glaring at her as she walked along in that decayed substitute body, they weren’t happy.
“It is the Mind’s business, Idis. You were right to obey.”
Guardian Ressk said, as they exited the Third Mind’s chamber. Idis heard the but in his words. She ducked her head.
“I’m sorry, Guardian Ressk.”
He looked at her, a bit uncertain. Which was new; the Selphid had been very calm before. Now, he was clearly agitated, and he glanced back.
“I will take you at your…words. The [Doctor] is well?”
“Physically, yes. Perfect condition.”
“Good.”
Geneva Scala was beginning to float upwards. The Third Mind waited for her. A day had passed since their meeting with the Second Mind. A lot could happen.
The Third Mind wanted to know exactly what.
 
——
 
“I am in the center of the Mind.”
