8.51 D
Page 26
“Your guilt is moral, Idis. You have it now. Where was it when you received orders from Calectus to take Geneva Scala?”
“Second Mind? But he was an [Honor Guard] and—”
The Selphid quailed. The Second Mind went on.
“Why do you see Calectus’ words as absolute? Because he is an [Honor Guard]? That is a class. Because his orders came from the Minds? That is absolutist thinking. You observe we are divided. Ergo, we are not perfect. Therefore, we will not always give you orders without flaws. So yes. Be guilty.”
“Enough.”
Geneva interrupted the Second Mind. It floated away from her a pace. The Selphid was shaking so hard Geneva’s own hand was shaking. Something more than mere words came through the telepathic communication between the Second Mind and her. The pure disapproval was almost painful, and Geneva was not the recipient.
“You wish to defend Idis?”
“You are moralizing. I don’t approve of hurting anyone. I am your prisoner. Idis is complicit. You…are hypocritical.”
The Second Mind floated there. It did not laugh. But it sounded amused.
“Your ethical nature revealed itself in the Third Mind’s thoughts about you. You know, it was willing to offer you Selphids who would volunteer for cures for this Wasting disease. I believe the Third Mind hoped you could engineer a cure similar to the Yellow Rivers treatment.”
“That’s not how it works.”
“No. But it convinced itself that was possible. Now, you are in the Third Mind. You know your situation is untenable. Once you have completed your research, your fate becomes dangerous to Selphids and the Minds in particular.”
Geneva looked up at the Second Mind and felt a wave of…gratitude. Idis was dead silent. The [Doctor] nodded.
“I know.”
“The Third Mind does need your cooperation. It will try to be kind. It will try to persuade you, because if you resist, it will become more difficult. But once it is over? I believe we will vote.”
A vast presence, for all it spoke more conversationally, floated so close Geneva could touch an individual Selphid. It was not uncaring. But it was foreign and Geneva…
“So what can I do? There’s no way for me to escape. I am…”
She hesitated, and the words came back.
“I am in the center of the Mind. In the presence of the Minds. There’s no way out. You could help me, perhaps. But you are unable to, by your admission. So I am trapped.”
The Second Mind hovered there. For a heartbeat, then another—then something moved.
Selphids. They reached out to her, the physical bodies, like a kind of grasping hand. But it stopped as Geneva recoiled.
“Geneva Scala. You make one assumption wrongly. Like Idis. You think we are invincible in our role, in thought. Thought? I have studied our own nature. Thought is as weak as flesh, only with different faults. I can aid you. All I need is to teach you. Do you wish to learn? The consequences will infuriate the Third Mind. But it will stymie the Third Mind. There are ways to fight, even among Minds.”
Geneva stared at the appendage. Idis was breathless.
“Second Mind. Are you…? Why are you going this far?”
“Idis. Sometimes you must stand up for what you believe in. You and Geneva have a choice.”
“Will it change me? Will I give something up?”
Geneva Scala stared at the Second Mind.
“You will be allowed to choose this. I promise you. It is knowledge. How you use it is up to you.”
The [Doctor] sat there. Idis was silent. But she made a sound as Geneva Scala slowly rose.
“Geneva…”
“I have few options left. But I do have a choice. And since I have a choice—and if you are being honest, Second Mind. I will hear you out. No more.”
