8.51 D
Page 40
Luan Khumalo, the very same Human in the scrying orb, twenty minutes delayed, came through the glass window of Sitq’s storefront, hitting the displays, bouncing, in his scull, skidding towards Sitq, desperately trying to arrest his movement. The scull flipped and Sitq ducked—but far too slowly.
Luan slammed into the counter and lay there, the scull amazingly intact. The Human?
A trembling Sitq got up after a second and stared at the dazed man. He saw two eyes open, and a hand rose.
“Pearl.”
He pulled something out of a bag of holding, put it on the counter, and lay back. Sitq stared at the bag. He opened it and found the Purewater Pearl, ready to be set after the proper cutting. He stared at the Human, his destroyed shop, and the Maelstrom’s Howling and Iron Vanguard forces, watching Oredien jog up the street. They stared at the [Jeweler], apprehensively waiting for his reaction.
The Lizardman eyed the scull, his destroyed shop again, and Luan. He bent down.
“You. Are my new favorite Human. Autograph, please.”
 
——
 
Luan the [Rower].
Of course, he needed a better name. Couriers needed suitable names, and ‘the Wave Runner’ was the first rung on that kind of recognition. Later, you would earn more specific titles. Or—sometimes they just knew your name.
Like Mihaela Godfrey, the Courier of Izril.
Yet. Courier? The Human man had been registered as a City Runner that morning. Right until the Guildmistress of the Hemglass Runner’s Guild took a look out her window. She shouted one word.
“Courier!”
No one who beat a Courier in a race could be anything less. Not just that; a Courier was someone whose name you knew.
They knew his name. Sitq the Setter himself was laughing, having his vaguely traumatized shop assistants and guards sweep up his destroyed store front, and Luan shook Oredien’s hand.
The half-Elf had a rueful look on his face—and an accusatory tone in his voice, but mildly.
“If I’d known you were intending to make your Courier debut…you could have warned me.”
“I didn’t know if I’d beat you, to be fair.”
“Yes, but I’d have started running and kicked your damn boat—ah, damn. Well done. You’ll be buying the drinks, though. After this.”
He gestured at the crowd, people wanting autographs, and a [Mage] wanting to interview him. Luan looked around, thoughtfully. Noa and the other Fraerlings were very silent—hidden. Hopefully magically concealed from spells.
“I know where to get the drinks. It’s the next city over. Want to skip this?”
The Wave Runner raised his brows. Fascinating.
Someone was at least used to being in the spotlight as well. Luan didn’t just run—well, row—like a Courier. He walked like one too, not some rookie.
“You Human [Trickster]. You were already a Courier or something, weren’t you?”
The Courier, who for some reason would develop a nickname completely foreign, completely suitable, turned his head to grin and wink at Oredien. They saw him and recognized him. His scattered people.
So that was how Luan the Olympian came back to Talenqual. The harbor docks were heaving as he rowed in with Oredien jogging alongside him. A miniature flotilla followed the two into the harbor; ahead he could see a lot of Humans jumping up and down, screaming at him as loud as they could.
Tears in some eyes. Daly just shouted.
“You bloody bastard! I knew you weren’t dead! You kept us hanging for months!”
He was laughing, though, and Dawson was going around slapping backs and hugging people. He knocked Siri into the drink and she climbed out to kick him into it.
