8.51 D
Page 47
“Something is wrong.”
Guardian Ressk saw the Third Mind’s component Selphids writhing in agitation. He ran forwards, a finger to his brow.
“Third Mind. What is wrong? What is…what is that song?”
He blinked, then whirled to face Idis.
“What has the Second Mind done?”
Calectus tensed and Idis flinched.
“I—I—”
But before anyone did anything, before Ressk could demand answers, something abruptly happened. The Third Mind’s agitation suddenly—ceased. It floated there, serene, and Ressk and the other Selphids turned back.
 
——
 
Inside the Mind, Geneva Scala saw the memetic attack…cease. The dancing man vanished and, suddenly, she stood back in front of the door.
“Enough.”
Yeque stood there, eyes flashing. He did not look calm, but the Third Mind was back in control. It had erased the distracting songs and images. Or perhaps, simply ignored them, compartmentalized them with a force of will that only a Mind could generate.
The Third Mind focused on Geneva. Yeque spoke for it, grimly.
“So. The Second Mind aids you. It is not enough. This is noted. But it is not enough.”
The [Doctor] stood there, in the center of the Mind. But no longer a component. Geneva Scala faced Yeque, faced the Mind, in front of the door.
“I can fight back. And I will. Don’t force me to do so. Please. I do not want to hurt you. But…”
Geneva Scala hesitated.
“…I will not be a puppet either. I have free will.”
She was a [Doctor], sworn to do no harm. But she was also a person. She could not save everyone. She could not allow the Third Mind to simply use her.
That was what it meant to be a medical practitioner. To struggle with ethics. It wasn’t always this. Sometimes it was just having to charge people money for the work you did. Sometimes it was a triage.
But it was hers to choose, not the Third Mind’s. She felt the ominous weight of its anger growing. It was realizing something. No—it was casting magic. The spell completed, and the eruption of fury reached out of the mental world.
 
——
 
Guardian Ressk gasped. His eyes bulged and he recoiled. He looked at Geneva, and then swung around to face Idis, who flinched because she knew what he’d realized.
The Third Mind had taken a while to figure it out, because it had a weakness and that was that it thought and learned everything via thought. But if it had cast a simple spell, it would have learned this from the start.
The thought wave ran through the Gathering Fortress, into the chambers of the other Minds who were horrified. A mental war broke out, and the Second Mind pushed back.
“THE SECOND MIND HAS DONE THIS?”
“UNACCEPTABLE.”
“NO NON-SELPHID IS PERMITTED! A SECRET REVEALED!”
Idis clapped a hand over her ears, but it was all in her head. Screaming thoughts so loud it felt like her brain would pop. Calectus hesitated, hand on his sword hilt.
“Guardian Ressk? What is it?”
“The Second Mind—it has—”
The Selphid choked. He pointed with a shaking finger at Geneva.
“—it has given the Human, the [Doctor], a class! Taught her what only we are allowed to learn!”
He looked at Idis, recoiled.
“And you. You were not initiated!”
Idis bowed low.
“Guardian Ressk—the Second Mind did so itself.”
He hesitated, looking appalled. But that was the key. He recognized her. After all…Ressk was a [Guardian], a class designed to guard the Minds. But that was what you’d call a generalization of his class.
Ressk was a [Psychic Guardian]. Capable of the same feats as the Minds, on a smaller scale. And Geneva Scala?
 
——
 
[Telepath].
