8.51 D
Page 36
There was just something about the way he moved. Magus Grimalkin ignored Troydel’s excited voice. He leaned forwards.
“Hm. Magnify. Magnify.”
The view enhanced until you could see Luan. Dark-skinned, set in his seat. And then you observed his form.
Legs, body, core, all moving as one. When he pulled, the technique saw him ‘crouch’ forwards. The seat actually moved with him on some kind of rollers. He timed when the blades of his oars hit the water, pulled with one huge effort that combined his legs and arms’ strength, and then lifted the blades out of the water, tilting them sideways to reduce air drag. Then they were ready to pull again.
“Look at that. Look at that! What economy of form! What a refined movement!”
Grimalkin was striding up and down his ranks of students, which included more Gnolls than Drakes, pointing. Each time Luan moved, Grimalkin would indicate another group of muscles flexing. Shining, under the sun.
“This is conditioning! Look at his fat-to-muscle ratio. And he is not failing in his form! It has been thirty minutes and his speed hasn’t dropped! Gonads! This Human has gonads! We will be adapting this exercise if I have to create a lake!”
“What about a rowing machine?”
Troydel saw Grimalkin’s head snap around.
“You. Explain.”
But even as he listened, he looked at Luan. There was more than mere appreciation there. Respect. The Human was rowing at an incredible pace. But—he wasn’t slowing.
 
——
 
Luan could honestly row on a conventional scull. But he couldn’t here because this scull, enchanted as it was, actually meant that his maximum pace would send them out of control. Same with the oars—he had to balance his form to avoid them hitting waves. In a more controlled environment…
But he had gone so long! Luan had trained in multiple areas, before specializing in the single scull—and he was in excellent shape—but the men’s single sculls was a time attack. Seven minutes? That was seven minutes of your utmost energy.
Forty minutes and he felt like he was still in the top 90% of his energy. This was [Greater Endurance]. This was the effect of surviving for countless days at sea.
And yet—lest you forget—Luan glanced up.
The Wave Runner was still keeping pace. Every time he tried to speed up, Luan kept ahead of him. It was a psychological attack as much as a desire not to have Oredien pass him. If the half-Elf slowed, Luan would happily leave him behind, but they were close.
Running was, inherently, a bit easier than sculling to Luan’s mind. You could get ultramarathoners. He didn’t hear about people sculling for forty eight hours.
But with his Skills he had Oredien in a break-neck race. He just had to keep going, and to look at the half-Elf, he’d burned through a lot of his stamina to begin with too. Ironically, they’d both acted a bit like rookies for a longer race; pushed themselves too fast, too soon. But that was okay—Luan had a cheering team.
“Mouth!”
Noa saw Luan open his mouth. She tossed the snack up at him and saw him chew, furiously.
“Got any stamina potions? Water?”
He panted. Another Fraerling heaved at the stamina potion.
“Hold on, it’s h—whoops. Uh oh.”
They were moving so fast that the heave of Luan’s oars caught the potion and, freed from his belt, it zipped away from them, appearing to be stationary in the air. The Tallguard shaded her eyes.
“Uh…well, I think the half-Elf’s got the potion. As in, it just smacked him in the face. Hear him swearing?”
Luan didn’t, but he saw it. Noa helped them grab another one. And they continued. However—
 
——
 
“He is alive.”
