8.51 D
Page 19
Idis was back in her temporary body. Geneva had asked to be left to sleep for a few hours. She’d use the speaking stone if she wanted to move, but Idis had left her body while she slept. It seemed…better. Geneva hadn’t demanded it, but Idis had noticed the change in her body. Not exactly endorphins, as Geneva called them, but she’d been glad Idis had offered to do it.
She was too connected. She could tell when Geneva was upset. Feelings were chemical. A Selphid living in someone’s living body experienced feelings, albeit in a different way.
“You are becoming too close. There is a term for it. Unification. You are aware of how prisoners can be manipulated by captors?”
“By Skills and mentally? Of course. I took lessons, Guardian—I mean, venerable—um—”
Idis ducked and the staff nearly clipped her head. Ressk, the [Guardian], lowered his staff. They were training. Another honor; she was allowed to learn from him.
He was no [Honor Guard], like Calectus, but Ressk had abilities on par with the best of the Selphids here. He smiled thinly.
“Don’t stand on honorifics. I am telling you, Idis—your doubts and reservations come from your connection with Geneva Scala.”
“I—I’m sorry. It’s just—”
He held up a hand.
“The Minds hear. If it is a concern, they will inform you. I am simply giving context to why you feel this way. Trust the Minds.”
Idis tried. She tried to do her job, which was kill people, just like she’d told Geneva before she understood what the [Doctor] believed. She had a practice sword and slashed, coming in low and fast.
[Arc Slash]! A basic technique, but fast, which would bisect Ressk if she had a steel blade. He blocked the stroke—Idis wasn’t sure if that would work in a real battle. If he had an enchanted quarterstaff? She moved backwards as it twirled. He wasn’t faster than her, which was a bit embarrassing for someone of his level. But then, his class wasn’t all pure physical combat. She would hold back a bit, even though he’d said to go all o—
Idis tripped on a stone and nearly went sprawling as she leapt backwards. She cursed, and Ressk tagged her twice.
“Damn!”
The Selphid’s sword blurred in a flurry, pressing the [Guardian] backwards. Ressk kept his distance as Idis glared at the floor.
“Who left a rock in the training room?”
She looked around, but the other sparring courts were occupied and no one answered. Idis sighed. Then she blurred at Ressk. It wasn’t her Rampaging—just a Skill-enhanced leap.
She felt…slow for some reason. And he was quick enough to dodge, although he gave her a nod as she whirled.
“You are quite gifted, Idis. You may become an [Honor Guard]—or another great class. Fulfill your duties. Help Geneva Scala as best you can. You are a credit thus far.”
Idis blushed orange. She made up for it with a flick of her wrist.
“Thanks—”
A line of sharp air swept at Ressk. His eyes went wide and he blocked it. Perfect! Idis lunged left, diving at his side for the perfect killing blow—Selphids still got hurt if you stabbed up through their side and swept your bl—
She tripped, went sprawling, and Ressk pinned her with the butt of his quarterstaff. Idis blinked up at him. She heard polite clapping from some of the other Selphids, laughter, and groaned before getting up.
“Well done. You have more to learn, but we will see if you will benefit from lessons. Later. If Geneva Scala needs for more minders. For now, focus on that, Idis. I believe one of the Minds wishes to speak to her.”
Idis sat up, accepting the hand, and felt a tremor of unease in her stomach.
