8.51 D
Page 20
“I’ll go wake Geneva. Thank you for the lesson, Guardian Ressk.”
He nodded in his Drake body and Idis hurried to Geneva’s room. But before she left, she turned to give that rock a damn good kick. She looked at the training space and frowned.
It was smooth stone, no rock to be seen. She glanced at Ressk and saw him wink at her. The Selphid hurried away, wondering.
…What kind of a Skill was [Invisible Appearing Rock]?
 
——
 
Geneva Scala waited for Idis to arrive. A Mind had summoned her. So she was going.
She wasn’t sanguine. Sanguine implied happy. Geneva wasn’t as distraught as she could be, either.
She was a captive with no perceivable way out. She was being violated—and that was the language she would use, no matter how much Idis protested. This was an invasion, but she understood the reasoning. Her abilities were being employed as a [Doctor] and there was at least that.
“Sorry, Geneva. I was tripping on rocks and sparring with Ressk—give me one second. Okay! Off to the Minds. You’re rested, right? Want me to get you there?”
“I will walk, Idis.”
So she did. Idis guided her down the hallway, but Geneva knew the route. She walked down; the Third Mind was closer to the bottom of this underground fortress, but Idis stopped her as they came to one of the stairwells.
“No, it’s up, Geneva.”
“Up? But we’re going…”
“I, uh—it’s not the Third Mind who wants you. Excuse me? Which way to the Second Mind?”
Idis spoke in Geneva’s voice, and a Selphid passing them with a basket of contaminated bananas pointed.
“Up two floors.”
“Thank you!”
Up they went. Geneva was surprised. The Second Mind? She had met them all, briefly, but never spoken to one besides the Mind, the one she had associated with this all. The Third Mind.
What did another of them want with her? To do the same thing? Would they now take turns?
Everything became different as Geneva Scala realized something was off from her routine.
What was regular was this: she existed in a comfortable guest room with amenities, from a bathroom to clothing to food, but spent a good deal of her day walking the smooth, perfect stone corridors which were almost analogous to hospital walls, to the Third Mind.
To do so, she passed through two Selphid guard-checkpoints, one of which was next to Idis’ sleeping quarters. A great deal of protection in this hidden fortress. Calectus or Ressk would meet her, or another [Guardian], and escort her to the Third Mind. Then Geneva would float upwards and commune. Enter the Mind.
It was a stark place. Like…no, exactly like a research lab, really. Geneva had seen other areas where her demands, her needs, were being constructed, including the microscope and an area with surgical equipment. There was an alchemical lab, a library—all devoted to the efforts to fight the Wasting.
Two floors up, something changed. Geneva Scala and Idis walked past an arch warded with what looked like some kind of magic and heard…
Music. Some kind of incredibly heavy bass, echoing down the corridor. Geneva looked for the first Selphid checkpoint—and saw no guards. Idis reflexively covered Geneva’s ears and somehow deadened the sound Geneva was hearing.
“Selphid’s tits which we don’t have! What is that!?”
Geneva walked forwards and saw a room where objects, crystals, were practically bouncing in their places. The thundering bass—which sounded like something from her world—cut off as a Selphid touched a glowing crystal, seeing her.
“Hey, are you the Human?”
“What?”
Idis and Geneva shouted back. The Selphid unplugged their ears with a bit of wax. They still shouted, a bit unnecessarily.
