8.51 D
Page 25
“Nevertheless, here I am. It sounds as though the Minds have an inefficient system? Or that they are…different to your personality. Again, why are you different?”
The Second Mind floated back.
“Because I choose to accept Selphids into myself that have a certain perspective. I am represented by Selphids of every kind. From [Warrior] to [Mage] to [Potter]; only a few Minds are specialized, such as the Fourth Mind. Yet I did not screen by class. I deliberately incepted into my being two thirds Selphids with a particular quality. Will you guess?”
Geneva frowned.
“I hate guessing games.”
“Ah.”
“I love guessing games. Can I try, Geneva?”
Idis whispered. Geneva pursed her lips, but let her give it a shot.
“Second Mind, I’m speaking. Idis. Uh—is it that you took in really creative minds? Authority figures? Something like that? Like—a Gold-rank team leader rather than just a regular adventurer?”
“What is creativity? How would I judge that, Selphid to Selphid? As to authority—no. The answer is simple. I chose travellers. Selphids that left the shores of Baleros. They are in me. The ones who lived all their lives abroad, from Chandrar, Rhir, Izril, Terandria. Who understand how we are seen abroad. Who think differently.”
“I see. How—”
Intelligent? Geneva almost said it, but she wasn’t sure.
“Surely the other Minds do the same.”
The Second Mind sounded unhappy.
“They do. Yet consider the flaw, Geneva Scala, who is a [Doctor], and understand more than we. The other Minds only see you as a resource because they will not acknowledge the individual can surpass the collective. We are many minds. If one voice shouts—”
“…It’s drowned out.”
The flaw of the Minds appeared in Geneva’s mind suddenly and with perfect clarity. The Second Mind sounded sardonically pleased.
“Flaw. We are not superior beings to Selphids. We are superior in our own ways, just as they are in their own. An amalgamation of thoughts has vulnerability. Chief of all—to complacency. Uniformity. Decay.”
Food for thought. Literally. In another situation, Geneva would be in the thick of comparing this alien biology and culture to her own. But—she shifted in the comfortable chair.
“You have answered my questions, Second Mind. Thank you for your clarity. But again. I am a prisoner and I will state this plainly: I am an unwilling one. I regard this as a violation of my natural rights. I do not wish to be here, but I am being compelled to help you—Selphids as a whole. I wish to be freed. Will you free me?”
“Geneva…”
Idis whispered. Guiltily. The Second Mind took its time responding. When it did, it was plain.
“I cannot do more than argue with the other Minds. It took a 4-2 majority to summon you here. It will take the same to impel your leaving in a…safe manner. To tell you anything is for the Third Mind to hear it. If I were to hint.”
Idis gasped. Geneva blinked. The Second Mind went on, blasé.
“Which I did not, and the Third Mind cannot use this conversation against me. Yet I maintain: this situation is unpleasant. For me on multiple grounds. Ethical. For our relationship with your world. And purely in how it motivates you and for actual assistance. And how it will seem to other species if they discover this. In short—I am against this course. But you are under the broad authority of the Third Mind.”
“Second Mind. I—I understand what you’re saying. I know I might get in trouble—but I do. I agree!”
Idis burst out. The Second Mind regarded her, and the Selphid shivered in Geneva.
