8.51 D
Page 46
Who was this stranger? The answer was, he was Human. His skin was fair, he had on older clothing, and his hair was slicked back a bit. He also was standing in front of a microphone.
His name was, in fact, Rick Astley. And he began to sing and dance.
The Third Mind stopped dead. It processed the song. Which was the hit single, ‘Never Gonna Give You Up’. An Earth song with a surprising resurgence after the inception of the internet.
“Ridiculous.”
The image vanished. The door reappeared, and the Third Mind made the Geneva-representation open it. It revealed Geneva reaching out for the Second M—
Rick Astley replaced the memory. Same pose, same clothing. He began singing again.
“Enough.”
Again, the memory disappeared. Geneva Scala turned—and she stood in a hallway filled with doors. All her memories. The Third Mind created Yeque’s representation, and he stalked past her. He opened a door for Geneva. But instead of seeing what had happened after that—
Yeque, the Third Mind, looked through the doorway at a strange, pastel world of artificial colors. Just blue sky and green, supposed to represent grass. A bad image, really. An animation. And in that odd picture of the world was…
A squatting badger. A very loud and repetitive song was playing. It had about five words, one of which was ‘badger’.
The Third Mind slammed the door. Geneva felt a surge of genuine anger.
“What trick is this? This…”
It opened another door and Rick Astley was back. The door slammed shut.
More Selphids appeared. They strode over to other doors and began to open them. What they got was…more songs.
Songs. Like this talking, animated parrot that sang It’s a Small World, or childhood songs Geneva knew. Not necessarily good songs—although she had loved some of them. Rather—the annoying ones.
The ones that got stuck in your head and never left. There was a name for them on Earth. Earworms. But this—the Third Mind was exceptionally confused.
“Stop this. Enough. Stop thinking of—”
It tried to force Geneva to stop. But here was the thing. You couldn’t. The harder you tried, the more it got stuck in your head. That was the power of…well. Memes.
To be precise, it was memetic. Geneva couldn’t stop any more than the Third Mind. Another door opened and it was just filled with a single question—not an image, just a thought.
“What happens when you divide something by zero?”
What flowed out was about eight hours of Geneva’s life where she had wrestled with that question and even tried to conceptualize what that meant. And once you asked that question, it just…lodged. In your head.
“The Second Mind! The damned Second Mind is—!”
The Third Mind was under attack. It was a brilliant conception; if you couldn’t defend, go on the offensive. And the problem was spreading.
Geneva was back in control of her body. She looked around the void, in her limited perception, and saw something hit the Third Mind. The other personalities, the many component minds, were all reflecting the same thing in the sky.
A giant, dancing singer from the early 2000’s. It kept popping up. Along with the other annoying things that popped into her head and deserved only hellfire.
This was an attack. The Second Mind had started laughing when it realized just how badly Geneva could ‘hurt’ the Third Mind. It had studied mental battles, but even the Second Mind hadn’t the levels of sheer practice Earth had at getting something stuck in your brain.
Geneva Scala watched the Third Mind start to turn into one giant, annoying song. Yes—it was far weaker to this than she was because it was made of so many minds. It was—
 
——
 
