8.51 D
Page 0

It was everywhere and nowhere. That kind of riddle. Something you carried with you, the land that could be as vast as infinity or smaller than any island. Your safest home. A prison.
What am I?
No…where am I?
The longer she asked herself, the harder she tried to focus, the more difficult it became. This place was more than just abstraction or a riddle.
…The floor. The sky. What was that color? Only when she asked did she realize there were such things. That was how it worked.
So there she was. Imagine a world of antiseptic paleness. A void like that—with no limits. Not just ‘monochrome’, but with scale. Though there was little you could see until it appeared, you had the feeling of looking into infinity.
If she focused on it. And at the very verge of infinity, consciousness—somehow—she could tell there was a world apart. No, hundreds, thousands of worlds, each one different. She couldn’t make out their contents.
She stood there, in nothing. And she was not a person—at least, not one with a body. When she realized that, she had a body. Which was hers, only she could walk without assistance and she didn’t feel hunger or pain.
Geneva Scala looked around. She saw nothing—then, like a mirror, she saw a reflection of this strange reality. A reflection of her. Geneva faced Geneva in the void and gave herself the answer, just like every time, as her being scrambled to make sense of it all. Where was she? She told herself:
“I am the center of the Mind.”
Ah. And then it crystalized and all those worlds connected to her were one and the same. Geneva looked around.
“I am the mind in the Center.”
The other Geneva walked left. She seemed to step through a doorway, but she said one last thing as more figures emerged. They said the exact same thing, in unison.
“I am myself. And we are me.”
Then the [Doctor] thought, and remembered, and it began again.
 
——
 
This was how it worked. Sometimes she spoke, or thought, and got a reply. Speaking was not essential.
She forgot she needed to breathe. She didn’t need to breathe. But she did have other…
And then there was a figure. Skin pale as could be; not that the body had been fair-skinned, but that the body had been dead, and the person inside of it could only stave off decay so long.
“What do you need?”
“I need to understand…Dullahans, today. No, a multitude of problems.”
“Lay them out.”
Geneva did. It was like a giant thought-board, like she might use to study, because that was how she understood things. More figures appeared and regarded the things she tacked to the air, which hovered and explained themselves if you focused on them. Then it was multiple Genevas, explaining the problem.
“Microscopes. The foundation of any investigation has to be seeing the problem. I can’t. Can you make an equivalent? Enchanted?”
“I am looking into the differences in biology between species. Humans—comparing Humans from Earth to ones from this world. Dullahans. Selphid biology is foreign to me, but I can understand humanoid biologies a bit better.”
“The foundation of a cure for the Yellow Rivers disease is in progress, but the cure is not as effective as it could have been. Segue—”
Another problem, tacked on below it. Another explanation.
“—Magical crystals actually exist, which is partly ridiculous. But the existence of potions and crystals? No, crystals especially could create virtually costless healing, aside from purchasing the crystals. Can you micro-heal or concentrate the effects, like closing sutures made during surgery?”
