8.51 D
Page 12
Paige came down the steps as Kendra slid down the banister—the thirteen year-old girl from the United Kingdom stopped as Lorenzo stormed over. He began arguing with Paige in accented English—he was still learning—that he could not be the culprit.
Lorenzo, one of the Italians that Daly had found. Paige, an Australian from the original group who’d joined Gravetender’s Fist. And here came Kirana, who had been found after they’d escaped that deathtrap, the [House Manager] from India.
Not that they were their countries, but it was something to remember. They had different backgrounds, and it puzzled the Lizardfolk who just saw Humans. There was some kind of irony about that…but Paige was too busy interrogating Lorenzo.
Kirana, who was smelling of papadums, emerged with an exasperated look. She heard out the first beats of the argument as the two sweated, turned, and frowned.
“Kendra did it.”
“I did not!”
The girl squeaked and hid behind Paige. Which turned out to be a mistake because Paige whirled around.
“Kendra!”
The girl protested, without knowing one of Kirana’s Skills she’d obtained recently was [Spot the Culprit]. The perfect identity-Skill for squabbles over lost electronics, people neglecting chores, and so on.
The offender was soon punished, by Lorenzo the falsely accused, Kirana, and Paige, with cleaning the toilets and scrubbing dishes—not on the same day—for three weeks. Kendra burst into tears and Kirana stopped Paige before she could shout.
“I will let her cry. You go.”
“Thanks, Kirana. Uh—could you ask Sc—Hudson if he was lying about his new job?”
Kirana nodded. Paige felt guilty passing off the work, but there it was. Kirana wasn’t necessarily nicer than Paige, but she was better at not blowing up.
…She was nicer. And Paige had less patience with tears, but she forgot—Kendra was thirteen. She’d appeared, lost, by herself, and had been stealing with a gang of friendly Lizardfolk kids when Ken found her.
Not everyone hit the ground running. In fact, almost everyone went splat at one point. It was why the United Nations company was working. Why it was going well. They could prop each other up.
It was going well. They had a bank of coins. The Bushrangers were able to afford gear, Paige was developing better crossbows, they had allies in Gravetender’s Fist, a small but growing company led by Quallet Marshhand. They were levelling in their respective classes, they found more people from Earth now and then, and Geneva’s clinic and her trainees could still help people, even if she was gone.
…But she was gone. And so was Luan. And some days it felt like now they’d lost their way and everyone was searching for Geneva. The attention had dried up, which was good; Geneva wasn’t being besieged by requests from powerful groups to meet with her.
“We don’t matter. And that’s a problem and a good thing right there. It ain’t perfect, but I’ll tell you what—doing something that puts us at risk isn’t the solution either.”
For a second, Paige thought someone was reading her mind. Then she looked over and saw Blake arguing with Myron and Nicola and Andel. Paige slowed.
“What’s not a good solution?”
“Here comes the hammer. Hi, Paige.”
Nicola muttered a bit too loudly and guiltily looked away. Blake waved Paige over.
“Nothing.”
“It sounds like something.”
“It’s not happening, but people are talking about it.”
Blake clarified after a second. He scratched at his hair and looked at the other three. None of them wanted to explain, but Paige had a feeling she knew what was under discussion.
