8.51 D
Page 31
“Well, that’s not a bad deal for us given that the pearl’s useless if we lose. I’m warning you, though—it’s not cheap.”
The man shrugged.
“It works for me. I could use one. Sell it—I’m willing to take the risk. Besides, what have you got to lose?”
He grinned, and the Centaurs stomped their hooves approvingly. They did like a show of bravado. The Dullahans, on the other hand, didn’t like this new variable. Although…he was only a City Runner. They were subtly looking at the Wave Runner to run off, but the half-Elf stepped forwards.
“Excuse me. May I ask your name? I am Oredien, Courier. They call me the Wave Runner. I think I know you. I thought you were dead.”
The Human turned and took the half-Elf’s hand. He grinned.
“I’m Luan. Luan Khumalo. City Runner, affiliated with the United Nations company.”
Oredien’s eyes lit up. At the same time, one of the Dullahans recoiled and eyed Luan with sudden recognition.
“Ah. I knew I had heard of you! Luan the [Rower], that’s your nickname, isn’t it? I heard someone claimed a bounty on you. But they were arrested for murder.”
“Were they? They nearly got me. Those Lizard-bastards.”
“Hey! That’s fairly accurate, but hey! It’s not all of us!”
Luan grinned and waved at someone in the crowd. The light caught a hint of gold. Writing—a tattoo on his arm. Oredien eyed it, but looked at Luan.
“Listen. I appreciate you’re fast, but I do have a reputation to maintain. I’ll be running as fast as I can.”
“That’s fine.”
The half-Elf’s brows rose. Luan wasn’t being insulting—not quite. You could read it that way, but it sounded less like bravado. More like someone who was just…confident.
The Centaur was exchanging a [Message] with his superior. He trotted over, eying Luan. The crowd was already on board with this idea. They were already chanting.
“Race, race!” 
“It’s a race!” 
“Someone get Wistram! I want to be on the news!”
“If you’re confident, I won’t stop you. I’m interested to see what makes you think you can beat me. Share a drink afterwards, no hard feelings?”
Luan’s teeth flashed as he grinned.
“Absolutely, my friend.”
The Dullahan’s leader glared about, adjusting his head haughtily.
“This is ridiculous.”
“Don’t be upset. I intend to fulfill my contract; but it’s poor sport for a Courier to turn down a race. Think of it as publicity. See?”
The Runner’s Guild was open and a [Receptionist]—no, the Guildmaster himself—had come out to record the race. But the Centaur was still doubtful.
“Are you sure about this? We don’t want to embarrass ourselves any more than you do, I imagine. I’m reluctant to just give this to a random City Runner.”
Luan tilted his head. He thought for a second, on how to reassure the Centaur, and, at last, grinned.
“I’m new, but trust me. I’ll put on a show. Besides—I’ve got a score to settle with the Iron Vanguard myself.”
“Really. This bounty?”
The Centaur tilted his head. Luan glanced over at the Dullahans.
“That. But that started at the Games of Daquin. I was there.”
The crowd was agog. Then—they looked at Luan, and someone pointed.
“That was the Human who was with Umina, Venaz, and Marian! I thought he looked familiar!”
“No way! It’s the same Human? But they all look alike!”
“I want an autograph!”
Luan backed up as the crowd surged forwards, but the Centaurs and Dullahan soldiers blocked them. Now, Oredien was looking at Luan. That convinced the Centaur.
“Here you are, then. To the [Jeweler]. Sitq the Setter. Anyone should be able to direct you there. I’d find a map, but…”
