8.51 D
Page 39
It would have been a better story if they were neck-and-neck, but Luan pulled ahead. His body blurred, moving in perfect rhythm, and even Oredien’s best Skill just…
Luan reached the harbor first. The half-Elf surged after him, but the Wave Runner didn’t slacken, even though he felt like he’d lost. Yet he murmured as Luan slowed, seeing the crowds, Centaurs galloping, jostling with the Iron Vanguard. Pointing.
“I’m sorry, Luan.”
Despite it—and he would have preferred it otherwise—he was going to win. He saw Luan realize it too as he slowed, coming into the harbor. The last problem.
Not the Iron Vanguard. The Maelstrom’s Howling’s company was there in force and they could probably neutralize each other. Rather…the [Jeweler].
He was in the city. And Luan had a watercraft. Oredien strained for speed. He was hundreds of feet behind Luan—but the man would lose everything when he got out of his scull. Depending on if he tossed the pearl to a Centaur and the Centaur was quick—it would be close.
 
——
 
“God! F—”
Luan shouted. He saw the people pointing to a street that apparently led to the [Jeweler]. But he realized the same thing the Wave Runner did. No! Not like this!
He could run, but he knew how slow it would be. It was practically a straight shot! If only—
“Toss it to us! We’ll run it in!”
A Centaur was galloping along the docks, pointing at a group waiting to ferry it there. But Luan had taken it here and—he looked up—
Oredien was closing in. 
“Sorry, Luan.”
Noa groaned. She saw the man panting. He had rowed for two hours plus—and there was a kind of battle-fever in his eyes. No—competition fever. He wasn’t a [Warrior]. She saw him glance at her, teeth grinding—then eye the streets.
Hemglass was a modern port city. No dirt like Talenqual. Someone had taken the time to pave it over with stone, rather than incur the costs of mud and the like. Decent stones. His eyes flickered.
“Resk.”
“Huh? No, I can’t teleport it. Imagine teleporting a giant coconut to a place you’ve never seen and—”
“Resk!”
The [Mage] fell silent. Luan heaved, calculating. He looked down—he had less than ten seconds at the speed they were coming if he wanted to slow.
“Resk, exactly how tough did they make this scull’s enchantments?”
The [Mage] peered at Luan. He stared at the street, at Noa, who had a delighted look on her face.
“No! I will shoot you! Don’t you—”
Noa turned her head. She had to. She looked ahead when they landed, but she turned her head. Just to see the half-Elf Courier’s face—the crowds’—as they saw Luan launch the scull off water and onto land. He hit the paved street, and the crowds, Centaurs colliding into each other, scattered as the scull stormed across the paved street.
It barely lost momentum! If anything, it might have gone faster, since it was enchanted to be frictionless and the smooth surface couldn’t grip the enchanted wood. It shot forwards like a skateboard from hell. The Death of Kneecaps—a huge pointed ram, shooting down Hemglass’ streets.
Thus, Luan the Rower became the first sculler to go over land.
 
——
 
Sitq the Setter was having a lot of fun. He was staring at the scrying orb and Luan had just gotten to the cutters when he heard something from outside.
“Out of the way! Aaah! Aaaaa—”
The sound was like the most tremendous thunder of wood-on-stone, but so fast it sounded like a miniature earthquake. Sitq saw the representatives of both companies in the front of his famous shop point at something, then scatter. The old Lizardman sat up, the Octoring behind him.
“What is th—”
