8.51 D
Page 22
Something stirred in Geneva’s mind as Idis squeaked and they were led into the room. She looked back.
“Those colors. It’s…color theory. There was a study for that.”
“Colors, Geneva? What do you mean?”
The [Guardian] Selphid tilted her head. Geneva tried to explain, absently.
“It’s about colors and emotion. How seeing brighter colors or the same ones affects your wellbeing. At least, I think—”
Then she entered the room of the Second Mind and stopped. Because in front of her hovered another Mind, floating, a suspended mass of Selphids. A presence in the air, one of the greatest leaders of this species.
And in front of the Mind, about, oh, ten feet tall, was something strange. A fragile, temporary construction. It looked like—no. It was. Geneva Scala stopped and stared along with Idis at the tallest house of cards she had ever seen in her life. Even as she watched, another level was being added as cards floated forwards.
Floating next to the giant house of cards were multiple games of chess, in progress. At least eighteen scrying orbs, each set to a different television network or point of view, and a pair of books were slowly flipping themselves open. The Second Mind didn’t move visually beyond its constant hovering, but Geneva felt it recognize them.
“Wait. Wait. Orell, guide them forwards. I almost have it…”
A card delicately placed itself on the tower. But a bit too hard, or something gave, because the entire construction began to collapse. Geneva saw hundreds of cards go fluttering down. She saw the Second Mind’s individual component parts all visibly stop for a moment, then heard a thundering exclamation in her mind.
“DAMN.”
The Second Mind let the cards fall, and swept them into the air and individual decks. They landed to the side, and Geneva and Idis halted as the [Guardian] bowed.
“Will you need anything else, Second Mind?”
“Retrieve a chair for the [Doctor]. And food, drinks. Also, I am informed our banana stock is contaminated with beetles?”
“Yes, Second Mind.”
“Fetch me the beetles. And the eggs. I’ll eat them.”
The [Guardian] bowed and left. Leaving Geneva alone with a far stranger example of the Minds than she had hitherto observed. No—the Third Mind was clinical. This Mind was…
“Strange?”
The thought entered her head, like a delicate phrase. She felt like she heard it, but it was a thought. The Second Mind seemed to regard her, slowly rotating around as if all of its ‘body’ were looking at her. It was identical in form to the Third Mind, but the paraphernalia it surrounded itself with, the clear differentiation in the corridors?
“Personality. You—are a different personality than the Third Mind.”
“Yes. I am.”
That alone revealed something to Geneva. The Third Mind spoke in the collective. The royal ‘we’. The Second Mind seemed animated. Individual.
“Rather, I make an effort to act as an individual. To play games. To tax myself and rest. The other Minds tend towards collectivism. To survive, we must create different opinions and points of view. Each one of us is made up of Selphids we choose to accept into ourselves. Yet that is our great weakness.”
The Second Mind was reading her thoughts. Speaking into her head. Geneva bit her tongue, and the Second Mind spoke again.
“Then I shall apologize, Geneva Scala. I shall wait for your words rather than hear them as you think them. This is polite. The Minds have enjoyed…three…visitors over the last ten years. So I shall apologize, though that is the least of the issues binding you here. Speak. You are a guest. Speak also, Idis. This is a conversation.”
