8.51 D
Page 38
“Oh, sure. Why don’t you get a [Mage] to turn an entire house and a Giant invisible. Or counter a [Fireball] the size of a hill?”
Luan didn’t reply. He was straining, a Skill on the tip of his tongue. But would it be enough? That’s when Cotm burst out.
“Damned boats! They don’t even look that big to me. This is why the sea is idiotic. On land, we can just go over hazards.”
“Cotm, don’t be stupid. The designers just forgot to add an underwater feature to the scull.”
Noa began scolding him. Then she saw their course change. Luan headed straight for the nearest cutter, which paused as the [Captain] halted its momentum. Surprised.
“Luan? What’s gotten into you?”
“I have a stupid plan. Watch out for nets! Gah—”
Luan shot left, avoiding a [Sticky Webs] spell. But he continued straight for the cutter. The other two ships were moving out, prepared for a feint. But that wasn’t—Cotm realized what Luan was about to do, what he’d suggested, and screamed. The [Captain] realized it too.
“Nets in the air! In the—”
The [Athlete] dug his oars into the water a few dozen paces away from the cutter’s low railings. He shouted a Skill.
“[Two Hundred Pound—]”
 
——
 
Noa stared down at the deck of the Iron Vanguard’s ship. Below her, she saw figures standing there. They looked small, just like she was to other species.
For a second, she experienced the inverse, and she saw Dullahans gaping up at her. Holding their heads, tracking them. In a time out of time. A moment—then they were falling.
They hit the water as Luan vaulted the cutter. The [Mages] and net-throwers were so stunned that they completely forgot to target him until he was dozens of feet away. And then…
Luan was redefining movement in the scull. Forget mere speed. He could jump! He was laughing. And then he remembered—he was competing.
Here came the Wave Runner. The half-Elf sped up. He flashed past the ships, which actually had impeded him, but Luan saw something.
“Dead gods. What is that?”
He saw Oredien running. And realized his nickname was a misnomer. They called him the Wave Runner, but that was only because he had boots. Luan saw the half-Elf nod at him as he ran across the water, towards the distant city of Hemglass.
Running…along a forest trail. A flattened dirt road, beautiful trees, not the thick undergrowth of Baleros, but somewhere else.
The half-Elf’s home. He was running, and was that an elk racing him? Luan blinked. The Wave Runner was running in some kind of—second world. Maybe a vision. A memory. A piece of home.
He was going faster. So Luan laughed. He was tired. The city’s harbor was in sight. But this would be nothing if it wasn’t a tough competition! So he whispered. Skill versus Skill. If that was your best—
“This is mine. [Time of the Olympian].”
Noa looked up.
“I’ve never heard that Sk—”
She saw Luan’s arms blur. He began to move faster than she had ever seen him move before. Accordingly—she felt a kick to her back. She went flying. The scull surged across the waves and Noa was picked up, hurled into the ocean—
And caught by the safety-tether. She hung there, flying horizontally in the air, as Resk and Cotm and Kessice dragged her over to hang onto the bars. They held on, floating by the sheer speed of it.
 
——
 
“Elves.”
Oredien saw Luan pass him again. He knew running. He was one of the best. But he had to look at Luan and something told him—there was a difference. They had Skills. They had magic.
But there went an [Athlete]. If Oredien knew how to run, had practiced it, Luan had studied it. He wasted no movement. He was faster.
