8.51 D
Page 14
It can get far, far worse. The dangers in this world exceeded belief.
“Yeah. Sorry, Paige.”
Andel muttered after a while. She awkwardly nodded. Set off to…find Scorpo? Work on another mechanical invention?
The United Nations company hadn’t invented football. They hadn’t become the Singers of Baleros. They were not [Reporters], and while they had one member who’d shaken things up, The Last Light of Baleros, only Luan had come close in fame.
Oh, everyone had ideas. But it was amazing how little expertise there was. So a lot of it went to Paige.
‘Hey Paige, why don’t you invent something from home? What about…a bicycle? Or how about a pump? Or…or electricity? That’d make a lot of money, right?’
Oh, sure. Why hadn’t she thought of that? Hold on, Paige would just get her expert [Smith] friend who could machine gears and pay for all that steelwork. Electricity? No problem! You could make a basic battery, and a lightbulb wasn’t that hard. It was only blown glass and a custom filament she had no idea how to make. To be fair, it wasn’t a bad idea, and the pump for wells and such wasn’t bad either!
She had actually invented a basic pump. Only to have Lizardfolk laugh at it and show her an enchanted well pump that auto-pumped water.
Ken had thought he could sell the pump to poorer villages, but he’d warned her they would copy the design. That was the issue. Anything you could make, someone could probably steal. And—Paige had nearly flipped when she saw a bicycle being advertised in the Mage’s Guild.
Solar Cycles, Esthelm, Izril.
She was in an inventions-race with other people from Earth who stole the ideas that would make money, damn them!
…But they were in the same spot. And to be fair…Paige hesitated, then went to the basement of the United Nations’ headquarters. She opened a reinforced iron door, and carefully used a [Light] spell to illuminate everything. No fire was allowed anywhere near this place. Everything was sealed up, and she had emergency extinguishers—buckets of water—and never put enough of the stuff together unless she was finishing it. Then they went straight into bags of holding.
The [Blackpowder Engineer] sighed as she looked at the morning’s work.
“[Daily Resource: Blackpowder].”
She carefully pointed a finger, and a small shower of the stuff fell into a glass container. She stared at the creation—the alchemical creation, technically. That was the term Daly used to explain it in the rare cases his team employed it.
Gunpowder. Or at least, the precursor to it all. Yes. Paige’s hands moved as she went for the outer shell of another, well…bomb. Explosive. They had long since stopped trembling. Especially since she’d gained [Lesser Explosive Resistance]. She didn’t know if it would save her up-close, but here it was.
The United Nations company might be smaller than some groups of Earthers who’d come to this world, especially given their numbers. But they had not fallen behind. They had brought something big here. But using it?
Paige did not want to use it. She still remembered Geneva and Daly’s rift. But she’d continued and now she had a thought.
Ken couldn’t get allies to find Geneva. He kept trying, and they kept trying to figure out where she was. They had no knowledge of her, or allies beyond Quallet. But if they found out, if Geneva signalled them…
Paige slowly poured pieces of stone into the outer casing. If they found where Geneva was…
Everything wasn’t going well. They needed Geneva back. They were lost without her.
 
——
 
