8.51 D
Page 1
The other figures were listening, dividing up, and ‘summoning’ more to deal with one problem or another. Geneva waited, because ‘she’ could only be in one place at one time. But that wasn’t as much of a problem as you might have thought.
Despite not knowing Earth, never having been born there, living there, and having had no frame of reference for a microscope…each Selphid knew exactly what she meant. Oh, a high-powered microscope with resolution that went far, far beyond sixteen magnification or even a hundred and twenty eight. To see things on a cellular level, of course.
They took something from her. Knowledge. Her understanding. That was the genius of it. There was no uncertainty of words or intention. It was all clear, because they saw exactly what she thought.
Thought could still be limited, of course. There were dangers, flaws in thinking. But…this was powerful. Geneva kept listing each item, going down and down the list.
“I need to verify beyond reasonable doubt what the Wasting entails, first. There are too many variables. Allergy? Poison? Magic—I can’t detect magic, but perhaps see its effects? Some kind of basic biological degradation? Radiation? Lack of nutrition. Inbreeding. Part of that is also seeing if some Selphids are immune or don’t suffer the effects.”
“Ah. Hence the investigation into bodies.”
Geneva turned to the first figure.
“Yes. Is something different about a Selphid that, say, only lived in a Dullahan body all their lives? Do Selphids need to change bodies? Or is the change linked to some kind of issue in itself? Transmitting collected toxins, diseases? Selphids are in great danger of passing on or exacerbating interspecies illness.”
That last part alarmed some of the listeners, and nearly three dozen appeared. One of them, who was wearing a half-Elf’s form, turned his head to address the others.
“We must consider that. Selphids fall ill to other species’ diseases more rarely, but we are not immune.”
“Agreed. What can be done now, though?”
“Merely bringing it to awareness as a possible issue is enough. This Mind shall open a channel to the other Minds?”
It was phrased as a question. The speakers each stood around, many wearing forms from Baleros—that was, Human, Dullahan, or Lizardfolk—facing one another. Geneva heard their voices as if they were speaking perfectly clearly next to her. Some ‘spoke’, as in they moved their mouths to the words, yet others didn’t bother or had forgotten to. She still heard them plain as day.
“Agreed.”
It was a vote. No one bothered to raise their heads, but Geneva sensed the affirmations from the group of nearly forty. Five dissents. Instantly, a group of eighteen moved off.
This time, she saw them vanish. A collection of eighteen individual minds, entire worlds of thought, knowledge, and understanding, moved away from her. Focusing. Communicating with the outside world. Like watching a hole open up in the skies and seeing them pour through—and beyond that, in some version of interstellar cosmos—a distant galaxy apart.
Another Mind.
Geneva was in the center of this Mind. So the people who appeared to help her were all one…being? Collective. She saw another Geneva appear.
“I still don’t understand Selphid culture and…natural abilities. The Mind is a collective, a psychic creation. This goes beyond any science I know, but on a biological level…how? Are the effects of the Mind applicable in any other ways? What other abilities does a ‘Mind’ have and how does that intersect with classes and Skills?”
