8.51 D
Page 49
Yet…the Third Mind was balefully opposed to the Second Mind. Geneva watched, conscious of Idis supporting her. This was not a situation that could last. Yet for now…for now.
“You are genuinely willing to aid us for the sake of others. This desire we recognize. The Yellow Rivers plague is a danger, so we accept. We accept your aid in learning of the Wasting, furthering your understanding of medicine.”
The Minds came back to her as one. Even the Second and Third Mind in unison. Yet they had one final thought and question for her.
“What is the final request? You wish to help…who? Why?”
Geneva Scala looked up.
“It is a promise, Minds. I cannot perfectly put the pieces together myself. But if it is possible—”
She reached out, slowly. The Minds drifted closer and the individual Selphids backed away. She reached out, and communed, and thought. Searching for the answer. To heal the Yellow Rivers disease, to do some good in the world, no matter where she was. That was her desire. Even if it was one person. Geneva thought at them.
“I have never met her. But help me find a cure for the closest thing to death. To bring one person back to life, if it can be done. Her name is…Erin Solstice.”
 
——
 
It was this scenario. You knew. You knew you were on the cusp of something. Something amazing. A conclusion beyond you, possibly earth-shattering. But you couldn’t march on over and shake it out of them.
If you played your hand, you were in danger. But enough was enough. Umina Caxical stared at the United Nations company.
“I have to know.”
Cameral and Kissilt were distracted, still talking about their consulting job. But Umina had an instinct as sure as the time she’d figured out how to cheaply win the games of Daquin. The Professor had always told her to follow such instincts. She looked at Marian.
“If only we had Venaz’s money. Or Wil’s contacts.”
“We’re not helpless. We’re just not super-elite.”
Umina, who had seen Venaz spend more money than she’d ever had in her entire life in a single shopping trip, nodded. She squared her shoulders.
“I’m going over. It’ll be…Paige. Or Luan. I’ll just march over and tell them what’s what. I’m Umina, from the Forgotten Wing company. You choose someone and we bluff. We’ll figure it out. Pretend we already know and they’ll hopefully confirm it for us.”
“Hm. Are you sure?”
“It’s that or we never get there. We’ll…”
Umina hesitated. She scratched at the back of her neck frills and looked around. But they were just loitering in one of the alleys; it was so packed around the docks. Marian nodded, swishing her tail distractedly.
“If you wanted to wait for the Professor…”
“They’re too close-mouthed, Marian. Kissilt’s project was a distraction.”
“Hey! I resent that, Umina. You’re invested in the group, and we are earning real money. If you don’t want to be a part, we’ll buy you out. But don’t look down at the kind of money we’ve already made and the reputation we’re gathering!”
Umina turned to argue with Kissilt. The Drake glared—and then Cameral raised a finger. Kissilt was last to catch on, and all four students fell silent. They looked around.
“—Could have sworn—”
“I don’t see anything.”
Kissilt was twisting a ring on his finger. Umina bit her tongue. She went for the dagger at her side as they backed up in case of…what? A [Fireball]? A…
“You’re not bad.”
The voice was normal-sized, but it came from—the [Strategists] recoiled. Marian aimed her bow up with Cameral and Kissilt’s wand side-arms. At…what?
Nothing. Just bare brick. Umina squinted. There was nothing there.
“Invisible? Camouflaged?”
“No—”
