8.51 D
Page 28
It was a kind of pearl that developed among the oysters here, that purified water. A very valuable object that allowed for saltwater purification, and was thus highly sought after—although it wasn’t that powerful. You got a gallon of freshwater a day if you let it sit in the right amount of saltwater.
Very useful for someone by themselves. But given the cost and the fact that you’d need countless numbers of them for a city…
It had more applications for [Mages] and [Alchemists] than just as it was. But [Jewelers] and such, along with your collectors of fine and rare items like this, sought the Purewater Pearl for that reason, so it was lucrative enough.
“But why are two Great Companies both trying to get the pearl?”
The audience was confused, but one of the chatty Lizardfolk was happy to clue them in.
“It’s a race! Have you heard of the [Jeweler], Sitq the Setter?”
“That’s a silly name.”
“Well, he’s a Lizardfolk! Can you believe that? People say he never wanted to be one of the Naga.”
“No. Really?”
The Lizardfolk in the crowd were, by turns, fascinated and aghast. The know-it-all smugly nodded and went on.
“But he’s really good. Like Level 40 at least! Maybe Level 50? He’s oooold. But he said he was working on a new masterpiece! He calls it the Band of Eight. Or the 8-Band. Or the Octoring!”
Several people groaned, but most of the Lizardfolk were laughing at the name. Yet, humorous as it was…
“It might be relic-class. At least a top-tier artifact. I’m serious! You know how he did it? He took eight pearls, each with a different magical property, and did something magic to them. Apparently they all came within days of each other because they had to be fresh. But guess what happened to the last one? He broke it! Now he needs a Purewater Pearl, so he said that whoever gets one to him first gets to make the first bid on the relic.”
Hence both Maelstrom’s Howling and the Iron Vanguard arriving at Ysai. They were engaging in a competition to both get the Purewater Pearl…and deliver it to the [Jeweler] first. It was about a new artifact. Also, it was about pride, and so the audience was seeing who would get the pearl first.
Because whoever got it first? They would be giving it to the figure casually lounging by the Runner’s Guild, signing autographs and laughing, ready to go.
“That’s the Wave Runner! A Courier’s shown up to do the delivery!”
People pointed at one of the Couriers who could run both water and land.
Funny thing, Runner names. It was always ‘running’ based, so you got the Wind Runner, the Wave Runner, the [Mage]-Runner…
Well, it was easy to remember. And to be fair, the half-Elven Runner had magic boots. Water Walking boots. He had shown up, and since no other Courier was in the region, he’d be delivering the pearl for whomever got to him first.
It was a fun day, and the normally quiet village of Ysai, along the coast and inset to the sea, was having a blast. The food vendors were having a field day, and there was a discount on, you guessed it, oysters.
“Oysters n’ Crab! Who wanted the oysters and the crab thing? Not you, I know you didn’t pay for—hands off!”
An exasperated Lizardman [Server] was navigating one of the packed restaurants, fighting off hungry Lizardfolk who all insisted they’d ordered it. Fortunately, he remembered the client and spotted a waving hand.
“Here you are, sir! Don’t let them—who took one of the crab legs? Sorry.”
He went back for more food as a huge cheer went up from the river.
“Someone’s got it! A Purewater Pearl!”
