8.51 D
Page 30
Low-level drama. In the grand scheme of things. Not even scrying orb-worthy, because it seemed like a predestined loss. But it was more interesting, especially to the person who’d ordered oysters. He’d finished his plate, left a tip—but he had to wave the [Server] down so one of the Lizardfolk didn’t steal it.
“Here you are.”
“Thank you! You ate that fast. Was it not that good or too good?”
The restaurant’s guest grinned, and flashed the Lizardman a smile which was returned toothily.
“I’m in a hurry. It was great, yeah? Loved the crabs.”
“Thank you! Ooh, thanks for the tip! Come again!”
The Lizardman waved, and the person pushed through the crowds. He muttered under his breath as he went.
“…I wish I’d had any of the crab.”
A little figure half-poked her head out of the hiding place on his clothing before a hand yanked her out of sight. She retorted via the speaking stone they’d placed in his ear.
“It was great crab! I told you we were hungry! We never get great crab at Paeth. You thought we’d eat one leg? I told you we ate lots, but no, you had to get one order.”
“Noa, I swear, you’d drive the Gnomes insane. Stop poking your head out!”
A muffled argument in the Human man’s ear. He grinned, but he was pushing his way through the crowd. The crestfallen Centaur was watching Oredien accept the pearl with literal fanfare from some Dullahan [Trumpeters], and waving. Casually. And why not? He had the drop on everyone and there was no one to match…
“Excuse me!”
The crowd broke up. The Centaur turned and Oredien slowed. What was it? Perhaps it was the species of the Human man who trotted forwards. Perhaps his height, or the fact that he was clearly in excellent, just amazing shape. Perhaps it was a sense of drama, an instinct about what was coming next.
Perhaps it was the speaking spell on his voice, cast by a miniature [Mage].
“Who’s this?”
The Iron Vanguard’s representative was impatient, but the Centaur turned to the newcomer with pure desperation.
“I’m a City Runner. I specialize in sea-deliveries. I heard the Maelstrom’s Howling company needed a runner?”
A disbelieving laugh from the crowd and the Centaur. He almost reared back and looked down at the Human, skeptically.
“We do need a fast Runner. A Courier. There’s the Wave Runner. We need someone to beat him to Hemglass.”
The Human smiled. Confidently, which caught the eye of the Centaur, who’d been trained to tell confidence and false bravado apart.
“I’m headed towards Talenqual, actually. That’s a perfect delivery for me.”
The Centaur snorted and the Wave Runner chuckled, but he eyed the other Runner up and down, a bit speculatively.
“I’m sorry if I didn’t clarify—I want you to arrive before that Courier and deliver it. Since I don’t think a…what, a City Runner can do that? No offense…”
He trailed off, because the man hadn’t stopped smiling. He glanced at Oredien.
“Well, why don’t we see who gets there first? I’m not a Courier. But I’ll tell you what. I’ll take the delivery, and if I fail, I’ll pay you for the Purewater Pearl and take no payment for the attempt. Deal?”
“Oooh. Did you hear that? That City Runner thinks he can beat the Wave Runner!”
Shouts from the crowd, and a reignited sense of interest. It wasn’t every day you got to see a race.
The Centaur from the Maelstrom’s Howling’s company raised his brows. He checked the Human. They had the same skin tone, but something about his accent and the way he was glancing at Oredien made the Centaur doubt he was a native Balerosian. He did look fit, though…and the Wave Runner was eying him.
“You’re a City Runner?”
“That’s right, sir.”
