8.51 D
Page 11
The original group. The ones who’d seen battle. If you thought you were hot shit, and you hadn’t seen a monster, you could, at your peril, ask someone to tell you what it was like seeing companies fight. Or volunteer to join the Bushrangers for a mission. Or even just a training run.
That tended to kick most people out of it.
“Hey. Does anyone know if Scorpo’s got a job?”
Paige winced at the name. She was running down the ledger and saw Filip grimace. He was a [Scribe] and had been helping her do bookkeeping.
“…You mean Hudson?”
“Yes! But he writes Scorpo here. And he says he’s putting in coppers…but I think we’ve got our missing funds.”
The Polish [Scribe] glowered.
“Bastard.”
He was normally fairly mild-mannered, but he and Paige had just spent nearly an hour going over the entries to figure out why they were short on money. They’d found a few missing entries, and it wasn’t a lot of missing money, but every coin counted now that their two biggest earners were missing.
“I’ll have a word with him.”
“You could…ask Dawson to kick his ass?”
Filip suggested mildly. He didn’t like Scorpo. Paige didn’t like Scorpo. And to be fair…maybe even Hudson didn’t like Hudson because he’d tried to rename himself Scorpo. Start a new life, be the person he always wanted to be.
“He’s fourteen, Filip. Besides, if I had to kick his ass, I could do it. Or Kirana could. I’ll be nice. It’s tough. He’s not used to having to have a job.”
“Everyone helps. Maybe he can cook?”
“If he says cooking’s for girls or not fun…yeah. We’ll work on it. Let’s see about Sc—Hudson, and if he’s the culprit, we can close the books on this one.”
Filip nodded and stretched. Paige rubbed at her back, but really, she wasn’t that stiff. They had actual padded chairs, not the basic wood ones—some of which Daly had made and were about as comfortable as a rock.
The United Nations company now occupied four houses, two side-by-side, and two more across the street, also joined. Paige was in the ‘oldest’ one, which was headquarters. They had one area devoted just for leisure, and the other two were to sleep in—though there were beds in every house. Woe to anyone who wanted to sleep in the rec-house, though.
Rent was low, and they had put money into a number of projects, including comfy chairs. You might be surprised, but it had been voted on fast. At first, Paige had thought everyone would vote for ‘magical items’, but when you got people used to living in this world, acting as adults, even if they were as young as fourteen or thirteen, you began to develop certain…tastes.
Like—a couch. Take your magic wand and shove it somewhere else. Give me a couch so I can nap after working all day. Of course, magic went hand-in-hand with that, but sensible magic.
“Paige. Paige. Help! The cooling charms aren’t working! Some idiot had to try and put them together and I think it broke the enchantments.”
One of the younger members of the company ran up as Paige was heading downstairs. She closed her eyes.
“Who? Kendra, get me my crossbow.”
The girl grinned uncertainly because Paige did have one of her custom-made crossbows in her room.
“I think it was Lorenzo.”
“Lorenzo! If you broke the charms, I’m taking it out of your pay!”
Paige shouted, and some of the voices from below went ‘oooh’ and started calling similar insults, since it was getting warmer in this house. She heard an angry reply from the Italian man.
“It wasn’t me!”
