8.51 D
Page 4
There was something clearly different about the muscle fibers. Even without a microscope or other tests, Geneva could see it. Or perhaps that was the Minds giving her some insight. Either way—
“This explains it. It’s not just Skills. Skills…bend the laws of physics. But this explains why someone can be stronger without visible muscular changes.”
Geneva felt dizzy—or would have if she had a physical body here. Was she looking at a logical step in every species’ evolution? If you replaced the body with this kind of muscle, was it simply an upgrade? Why did bodies change like this? Was it now reliant on magic as a kind of nutrition?
She turned back to Yeque.
“And you can see—sense these muscles in valuable bodies.”
“Yes. They degrade slower, have greater ability—hence why we value them so highly. Only a few people have them.”
“How?”
Four Selphids appeared. Each one wearing a different body. One flexed her arm and winked at Geneva; she was a copy of the Human lying on the surgical table.
“High-level warriors.”
A fussy young man pursed his lips, although it didn’t change the fact that someone had slashed open his throat with a dagger. The Selphid had made up for that with a fancy scarf.
“Nobility pass along galas in bloodlines, sometimes. It is not a guarantee, but even children have innate formations if their parents were strong.”
The next Selphid waved a hand. She was a Naga, a Lamia with bright red scales. She smiled.
“[Mages] have it slightly differently. They can use magic to form it, and they develop magical pools.”
The last Selphid was most unique, at least to Geneva. Because he looked distinctly…
The Drathian bowed formally, and spoke quietly. No—was it the Selphid copying the man?
“You can also develop galas by consuming a specific diet. Training—in their way. But Drath allows us to take their bodies very seldomly.”
Fascinating. All this took place so quickly—yet Geneva knew she couldn’t dwell on it forever. Even so, this brief lesson confirmed a number of things for her. She muttered, almost to herself.
“I wonder if you could transplant that kind of muscle. We can do it on Earth—but the ethics…”
Instantly, she could see it. Someone taking muscle, tendons, even tissue, and creating a super-soldier. She regretted thinking it, because it meant the Mind saw it too. The Selphids looked at her image.
“Intriguing. But beyond our capabilities. Geneva Scala, focus on your studies.”
Geneva turned back to the body, but she did not miss the ‘for now’ that lingered in the air. And she would have argued ethics, morality, or tried to remove the idea if it were possible.
But that wasn’t how this worked. Geneva turned back to the Dullahan.
So each Dullahan had a type of galas, but it was not like the kind that developed in high-level fighters. This clearly enabled their ability to remove their heads and limbs and control them from afar.
“Is it possible for me to see how the muscles work when active?”
She expected the answer to be ‘no’, but, to her surprise, the Dullahan’s body suddenly came alive. Geneva backed up as blood began to move through veins, tissues stretched and contracted, muscle and bone shifted—
It was unearthly. Horrifying, fascinating—the kind of lesson any scientist or doctor on Earth would pay dearly to see, because this was how a body moved. Not a computer simulation, but the real thing. Imagine how much orthopedics could be moved forwards if she could only…!
She saw the Dullahan’s left arm vanish. And then appear a few feet left. Geneva saw the magical muscle moving, flexing, in perfect synchronicity. And—she gasped.
