8.51 D
Page 13
“Who’s agitating for us to pull up now? And where are we going this time? Wistram? Or to find the Singer of Terandria? High-five Joseph? Or is it Rémi?”
Nicola shuffled her feet. Andel coughed.
“It’s just talk, Paige.”
“Right, and it just takes one person going to the Mage’s Guild…listen, guys. I know it’s not perfect, but I do not want to have to ask Daly to post someone to watch the guild.”
“So you’re going to keep us from going there? That’s tyranny!”
Myron flushed, getting angry. Paige snapped.
“I’m not keeping you from doing anything, Myron. That’s not tyranny, that’s us not making stupid moves that can’t be taken back without everyone voting on it.”
“You mean, us voting and the leaders getting to say what’s happening.”
“Oi, Myron. Watch it.”
Blake reached out to slap Myron’s shoulder. Paige bit her tongue.
“This doesn’t come from nothing, does it? What was it this time?”
“Cockroaches. Someone left a bunch of food out and the window was open and then…”
Paige shuddered. Talenqual was a port-city, but it was still firmly set in the tropics, or maybe sub-tropics, of Baleros. And the problem with a world of magic was that you got magical bugs. Invisible mosquitoes, teleporting cockroaches…
Okay, she hadn’t seen either one, but you heard stories! And the regular ones were big, disgusting, and a lot of people had never seen a proper giant bug before.
It was clearly time for a rousing speech. And since Kirana was busy, Paige did her best. She looked at the four of them and pitched her voice so some of the other people dozing or sitting waiting for a turn at one of the gaming laptops could hear. Gaming, incidentally, had infected almost all of the United Nations company. When there was a limited amount of electronics but nigh-infinite power if you could afford or cast the [Repair] spell, you quickly did everything you could do with said devices.
“Look, guys. I get it. It’s not perfect. It’s not great. I know we have to work, but listen—there’s no guarantee it’ll be better at any of those places. There’s danger out there. Remember the phone message?”
She got a few nods, a decisive one from Blake and one from Nicola, but Andel frowned.
“How would we know it’s not good if we don’t look?”
“I didn’t say we won’t look! We’re investigating. We will find a good base. Maybe it’s Talenqual but we cast anti-bug spells everywhere. Maybe it’s Izril, Terandria, Chandrar—”
Blake interrupted.
“Not Chandrar. Too fecking hot. Did you see the documentary by that Rémi Canada guy? Positively baking.”
Paige rolled her eyes.
“Maybe Wistram. Maybe Terandria. Just—give it time. We’re making life better. We’re levelling up!”
Andel muttered.
“Some of us have cool classes. Some of us are [Fishers].”
Paige exploded.
“Then get another job! Practice sword fighting or magic! We’ve got a spell tome!”
Blake patted her on the shoulder as everyone went quiet. She struggled to reel her tongue in.
“Sorry. Listen. It’s hard. We’re looking for Geneva, and if we don’t find her…”
Her voice trailed off.
“…We’ll make a change. But we’ve come a long way, believe me. So let’s not do anything rash, huh? Give it time, bring it up, and I promise you, we’ll send scouts the next time Ken returns from his trips if we don’t get any progress there.”
That was altogether likely, and the reminder of their past sobered the others. They gave her that wary look, even Blake.
I was there. It sounded…stupid. Like a badge of pride or something, but she had been on a battlefield with the others. Sometimes Paige wanted to throw them there—not to kill them or traumatize them, but just so they got it.
