8.51 D
Page 48
She stood on the stepping stone to something else. First think—then transmit it into reality. The latter was very hard, but both physical and mental were boundless fields that were lost to all but a few.
“THIS SHOULD NOT BE. YOU HAVE BEEN TAUGHT WITHOUT THE CONSENSUS OF THE MINDS. WHAT ELSE? WHAT TREACHERY? WHAT MADNESS?”
The Third Mind was beyond rage. It forced her towards the door. Nothing would stop it learning all, now. Not Rick Astley. Not memes, or Geneva’s burgeoning talents, including her ability to at least block off parts of her personality from immediate mental searches.
Nothing.
“Don’t. I am warning you.”
Geneva Scala’s hand closed on the door. The unassailable force of the Third Mind made her twist the doorknob. Geneva Scala sighed, with regret. She opened the door and revealed what was inside.
It was just one thing. Rather than the memory promised. The Third Mind began to rage, to force the projection to change. But it halted. It stopped. Then it recoiled.
Geneva Scala felt the shockwave of something like agony—a kind of paralysis, shock. She cried out, hoping it hadn’t done too much. The Second Mind had survived it. Please, no! She didn’t want to hurt it. And yet…
She stared at what was within for a second before closing the door. It was just one thing, really.
A glowing line of text, just like when she had read it. Words. Just words.
 
The Gods are alive.
 
Like a line in the sand. Geneva Scala looked back, then opened the door and stepped through. A line no one from that world could cross so easily.
Geneva Scala stood in the center of Geneva Scala. For a moment, it was just her. She inhaled and exhaled, though it was just the thought of doing so.
Then she exited, to begin…
Negotiations.
 
——
 
Geneva Scala stood before the Minds. Not in the Minds, but in their physical presence.
They were there, all six of them, though the Third Mind looked distinctly worse for wear. By contrast, the Second Mind floated apart, with the Sixth Mind.
Two more were undecided, floating back and forth with the First Mind by the Third Mind’s side. They were arguing. But none of them wanted to try Geneva again.
It had been chance that she found the ultimate tool to block a Mind from taking too much. And yet—she was a physical prisoner and she was not a perfect telepath. In truth, Geneva surprised them.
“I want a microscope. I want to conduct my studies in the physical world as much as the mental one. The Yellow Rivers plague is still without a finalized, efficacious cure. And there is someone I need to heal.”
The Minds regarded her. It was the First Mind, the authority, who projected at her, cautiously.
“You would allow the Minds to embody your consciousness?”
Geneva Scala looked past it at the Second Mind.
“I…want to help people. For now, you are unwilling to release me, correct?”
“Correct.”
That came from all of them. Geneva nodded.
“Then I am a prisoner. I am unwilling. But I will help you. For a time. If you help me. Give me your insight and ability to—think. I wish to cure the Yellow Rivers plague, and I know that if I work with a Mind, I will be able to.”
They could do things she could only dream of, and with their aid she could think a thousand times faster and with more clarity. The Minds debated.
“An exchange. This is fair. No—fairness is the wrong concept. This is simply a tad more equitable. We are unfair, but the [Doctor] has agency.”
The Second Mind was smug. The Minds argued, fiercely, but they had encountered a breaking point with Geneva. They could not take everything.
