8.51 D
Page 45
It was like you stood on a beach and you were trying to hold your ground. But the storm had picked up and the waves were taller than you were. Twice as tall. Now…without moving, without anything else, stand your ground and don’t let it knock you off your feet.
The Third Mind could produce waves far stronger, and it was made up of thousands of minds, all with wills arguably as strong as any Human’s. Some stronger, some weaker.
Geneva didn’t even have a chance. Her resistance was swept away and then…
 
——
 
Geneva Scala stood in the center of the Mind. ‘Geneva’. Her eyes were blank. The Third Mind was everything, and she was…walking. Forwards, in the void of her own mind, to something.
A representation. To her, it was what most Humans from her world would probably compartmentalize in any visible or understandable way.
It was a door. To Geneva, it looked like a door from her home, a painted white piece of wood with a little bit of flecked paint near the edges, where it had scraped off a bit. It stuck sometimes when you tried to close it.
A door to the mind. A door of memory, for private things.
The Third Mind was displeased it existed. It thought at her—although ‘Geneva’ was just a shell. The real Geneva was inside the door, everywhere.
“The Second Mind has taught you things it should not. The Second Mind is foolish. You cannot/should not/will not hide your thoughts. Not in the center of a Mind.”
One Human, versus a collective of Selphids? What kind of foolish being would think you could ever win that, anyways? The puppet Geneva hesitated as it put its hand on the brass doorknob. The Third Mind was entreating, showing her genuine remorse and sympathy.
“Tell us honestly. We wish to cooperate. The Second Mind poisons your thoughts.”
Geneva refused. This was not equal. There was no give and take, only give. That was what the Second Mind recognized.
That understanding was like a red thread. The Third Mind focused, and suddenly a little red thread ran from behind the door, spooling at ‘Geneva’s’ feet. Ah, a through-line. The answer to its question.
“Then we will know all of what transpired.”
It made Geneva open the door, revealing everything she had seen and thought and done. Just as the Second Mind, even Geneva, had known would surely happen. You could not beat the Third Mind. So why had the Second Mind even tried to help? What had it done?
The answer lay behind the door, obviously. It opened, exposing Geneva’s inner thoughts, her memories, her desires and feelings even she did not let herself know. Geneva fought, she rebelled, but she was captive of the Mind.
And yet. The Third Mind’s probe of her halted, because it was stopped. Not by another door, but by a defender of Geneva’s mind. It took a specific form.
Like the angel at the Garden of Eden in the biblical teachings Geneva had learned as a child. Like the hero, the [Knight] for the princess she hadn’t really wanted to be later on. However, like a hero at the nth hour, the guardian at the gates, he stood there, in the way of the Third Mind.
A fragile thing, because it was just an image in Geneva’s memory and heart. A memory could not stand against the Third Mind. It could erase memories, or so the Second Mind had told Geneva. Change them. The power of a Mind when it truly knew no bounds was terrible indeed. Her most beloved parental figure, an image of someone she trusted—it was just a thought. How did you fight a Mind?
