8.51 D
Page 15
Summer took a long time. Technically, the summer break was over, but since the Professor was gone, classes were on a kind of hiatus.
No one said the Titan was missing, but if you had to be told outright…and the regular teachers had cut their curriculums too. Perorn, for instance, had cancelled all her classes, so the students on break were advised to extend their stays. Refunds were issued—and that was the least of the Forgotten Wing company’s problems, frankly.
But something that no one said outright was this: when you took your summer break, or the winter one, to visit family and go home, you were expected to come back better.
A student who lazed around and didn’t try anything for months? They had missed the point. When you had free time, it was your chance.
Thus, you could look at Wil’s group as an example of what students should do. Go out, gain valuable levels and experience in the field. Dying was optional.
In the same way—Perorn glanced at her notes. What had they called it?
“Kismet Securities? Dead gods and trench hoof. That’s not egotistical at all. I should have expected nothing less, I suppose.”
“Plaudits that they have any success at all. Do you have any records of their work?”
One of the top [Strategists] in the company that Perorn actually respected, a Selphid [Battle Master]—a unique specialization that combined other focuses—leaned over. They were named Hetoque, and in charge of planning individual offensives.
“Here. Look—this is a sampler they’re offering. A redesign on a city they consulted with.”
The four students, Kissilt, Cameral, Umina, and Marian, had re-worked the city—Izrilian, Human, apparently—to change the standard design of, well, ‘put a wall down around your ever-increasing radius’. Some cities did have proper planning, but many were simple geometric shapes.
A giant square. A circle, or semi-circle that made use of a natural backdrop like cliffs. All fine…but when they designed things like walls or gates, they just left it as a sheer, vertical drop to deter most monsters and bandits.
Which was fine—if you didn’t think you’d ever run into a high-level monster or person.
“This city was struck by the Bloodfeast Raiders. No relation to the Bloodtear Pirates.”
“I’ve heard of them. Ah—so they redesigned for…”
Perorn smiled faintly.
“High-level attacks. See? They’ve at least paid attention in class. Economical too; nothing foolish like demanding twice the cost in stone to justify bastion-level defences.”
The city was called ‘Celum’. Kissilt and his team had done well. Rather than trying to turn the city into a fort and demanding a huge cost in construction and high-level [Builders], they’d simply made an attack as nasty as possible for a group of high-level individuals like the Bloodfeast Raiders.
In other words, you looked at it like this: you could not stop the enemy from coming over the walls. They could jump, fly, or sneak past. Then they’d blast the city with [Fireballs]. Same with monsters.
So—you made it untenable for them to do so without reckoning with the defenders first. The recommendations were simple but telling: build a covered wall, with no exposed battlements. Interior crenellations would face in both directions. If someone gained entry into the city, they’d be watching for arrows in their backs the entire time. In theory, someone could just blast the walls down, but if they could do that, you had more problems.
