8.51 D
Page 16
Let’s say the raiders knew this, though. They’d naturally enter the walls through a breach they’d cause and slaughter the low-level [Guards]. That’s what they’d try, and probably be laughing, charging through the cramped corridors, blocking arrows and low-level spells.
…Right up until the loaded spike trap hit them with enough force to kill even a Gold-rank [Warrior]. Or maim at least, if you didn’t see it coming. It was just a bent piece of wood.
Lizardfolk tactics. Perorn’s right foreleg twitched at the memory. It was a nightmare, entering their territory when they set those things up in swampy water, or in a forest. You could take hundreds in casualties just trying to march forwards if you didn’t prepare.
So, an interior death-trap that even adventurers would sweat at. Carefully-designed fallback points. Perorn reached the end of the free sampler.
“Not bad work.”
“I think so. I see Cameral’s work most in this. He does like his defensive lines.”
Hetoque smiled faintly. She was wearing a Human female’s body today. Perorn smiled too, but then lost it.
That was one of the few things you could smile about right now. They turned back to listening to the briefing from one of their peers—but it wasn’t something they needed to hear, really.
The trick was getting her to understand. A giant Squirrel-woman was perched on her chair, eating a block of brie coated with jam. In theory, it was probably tasty. In practice? Perorn wondered which depraved animal ate it like that.
“…escalating pushes from our northern territories. You see, Commander Foliana? Commander Foliana?”
The leader of the Forgotten Wing company, one of the world’s most famous [Rogues] and assassins, Three-Colored Stalker, opened her eyes and stopped chewing. She transferred the food to one bulging cheek.
“I wasn’t asleep.”
Perorn sighed. She waved a hand, and the exasperated Naga, one of the six [Strategists] present besides herself, meant to replace Niers’ ability to lead the company, if temporarily, let her trot forwards.
“Foliana. We’re trying to explain the situation.”
She got the uncanny gaze of the [Rogue] full-force—three colors, pink, yellow, and green, each one occupying a part of her eye. She sat in the war council, which was set with a long, simple table of wood.
That was the only simple thing about Niers’ war council. He had maps, both physical and magical, ready to project almost every region of Baleros.
At any given time, the complete layout of their forces could be observed, a huge section of territory or allied interests across the lower-middle of Baleros. There was a list of treaties and ongoing contracts with cabinets ready for inspection on the exact wording.
Dossiers on the commanders in charge of each grouping, the breakdown of soldiers and supplies. Multiple encrypted scrying devices. Pride of place of it all, of course, was their smaller command deck on the table where the Fraerling himself could orchestrate the room.
It was empty, and the room was uncannily vacant compared to normal. Ordinarily, if they were planning a huge offensive, it would be filled with officers and experts in their fields. [Generals] and [Strategists].
But now it was only Foliana and the seven [Strategists]. The rest were all out of the citadel.
Putting out fires.
“I am not a [Strategist]. Mm. I’m bored.”
Foliana took another bite of her strange snack. Perorn folded her arms and glared. She could do that; few people would take her to task, but Perorn knew Foliana.
“You need to pay attention. Niers is gone.”
“Not dead. He’ll be back.”
