8.51 D
Page 37
Xol of Ingrilt sounded vaguely pleased. The Dullahan [Admiral] pursed her lips. Her head was monitoring the situation while her body paced back and forth.
“You sound pleased.”
“I am. I did not ask for him to die.”
“He is interfering with the Iron Vanguard’s victory. It is patently obvious that the Wave Runner is struggling. We cannot trust this merely to chance. Move the fleet to intercept.”
By chance or fate, theirs was the fleet in the area. Xol slowly rotated his head as the gigantic War Walker aboard the warship saw their heading change. He eyed the projection of the [Admiral]’s map.
“We may not intercept them in time.”
The [Admiral] was aware of this. The two Runners were moving incredibly fast, and she had seen the projections of Daquin and how Luan had dodged ships before.
“We may not. Send three cutter-class ships. Nets and capture spells. No deadly force. Unless you disagree, Xol?”
She turned deferentially to him. She hoped he wouldn’t, but he did have the authority to dissent. The War Walker hmmed, a huge rumble. At last, he shook his head.
“No. He and I have a history. Send the cutters.”
 
——
 
Potions. At the two hour mark, Luan was sure they were closing on the harbor. He thought he could see it, and but for potions…
Oredien was right behind him. It was now clear to Luan that the half-Elf and he were saving their Skills for the final stretch. Who would use them first? He was a distant speck now; Luan had steadily pulled ahead, mostly by virtue of the scull being so fast.
However, potions meant he couldn’t lose the Courier. Ironically, it was neutralizing the stamina element.
“We have to ban those in the magical Olympics.”
Luan grunted. The four-Fraerling team, riding on the front of the scull with a safety harness—all save for Cotm, who was cowering under cover—didn’t look as enthused by the idea as he was. They knew what it was; he’d explained it to them, but they just acted dubious.
“What, Tallfolk Olympics? I bet we’d have to do our own. Sure, you can run around a forest. But can you climb a tree in under ten minutes?”
Luan was about to reply that some Humans couldn’t even climb a tree, period, when he saw three shapes gliding towards him. One look at their sails and he cursed.
“The Iron Vanguard! Not again!”
They were angling to form a giant cordon—and tracking him, keeping pace. As he turned left, they moved with him, and it looked like their goal was just to block and then trap him.
Unlike last time at Daquin, they knew he was coming, and so they’d draped nets, creating a moving wall hundreds of feet long. Luan swore a blue streak as he shot towards them.
“We’re going to have to beat them in a race!”
Noa warned him. She was trying to figure out if Luan could; the closer he got, the faster he’d pull away, but Resk was tugging at her arm.
“Don’t get too close! Luan, I sense [Mages]. They’ll hit you with spells.”
“Cheating—Dullahan—Xol!”
Luan shouted, pulling even faster with the oars. He was eying the gap—and noticing Oredien had sped up. Even if they didn’t catch him, they could slow him down and the Wave Runner would win! Luan stared at the low-hanging cutters. Not warships, but speedy ships perfect for chases and events like this. Damn. Damn…
Cotm glanced up at the cutters as he saw Luan searching for a way to go. The cutters were drifting towards the coast and they surely couldn’t follow him onto the surf, but if they blocked him there—the other choice was deep sea.
“Resk, can you enchant us? Turn the scull invisible? Counter spells?”
The Alchimagus gave Luan an insulted look.
