8.51 D
Page 2
One of the remaining figures addressed Geneva, smiling slightly with wry, dry humor.
“Is this beneficial to your research, Geneva Scala?”
Geneva answered truthfully. She couldn’t lie. Not in her head. It was obvious to them, even more to her.
“I would like to know. If it can help, it would be in my understanding of what I can do here, and perhaps why the Selphids are Wasting.”
At that word, something finally appeared in front of Geneva. The white space was broken up and she saw something floating in front of her, at roughly chest height.
It was…a Selphid. A Selphid, bereft of a body. Moving slightly. Writhing. To look at the Selphid reminded Geneva of unfavorable comparisons to octopus tentacles—at least in rough form—or gastropods, like a slug or other mollusc. However, the Selphid body was rather colorful, not being normally exposed to dangerous elements.
Orange blood, for instance, was quite visible running through green, yellow—even traces of purple. The Selphid had no ‘skin’, and could rapidly reconfigure itself into a network as complex as, well, a nervous system. Thinner than any wire; a being as amorphous and flexible as a slime, if not more so.
Right now, the Selphid was more like a slug. It just…lay there. Twitching. In clear distress, if not pain. Shedding parts of its body which no longer moved. It was disintegrating, bit by bit, unable to halt the disease, effect, or whatever it was.
Wasting. This was the dreaded death of Selphids, which struck their species as a whole. It did not spread like a conventional illness might; not by notable airborne factors, or even contact. At least—not from the data Geneva had been given, and the Minds had been looking into it for a long time.
That was why she was here. They had searched for a solution to this ailment for…she didn’t know how long. Millenia? Centuries at the very least; this collective, and Selphids as a whole, had done their own studies. They were not a single unified people with one base of knowledge, for all they could become…Minds.
But they hadn’t figured out what the Wasting was, or how to cure it. Slow it? Yes. But Geneva Scala’s appearance had been a surge of hope for the Selphid people, and thus the Minds had directed their agents to collect Geneva, keep her safe, and—when they thought the danger of losing her was too great—bring her here.
Geneva understood they were desperate. Selphids were not in danger of dying off now, but…
“Our lifespans are shortening. Great heroes are struck down by the disease.”
“Condition.”
She was sitting with the half-Elf Selphid, who was speaking earnestly with her. He was some kind of central personality to the Mind.
At that thought, the half-Elf smiled. Geneva had asked no question, but he understood the curiosity.
“My name was Yeque. I was a [General]. Level 43.”
“Oh.”
Was he dead? The answer was ‘no’, but why…?
“I was nearing eighty-one years. My career was strong—but hardly extraordinary. When they asked me to join the Mind, I accepted. It is an honor. Not all are asked. If I was Level 50, Level 60—I would have remained apart, unless I were injured beyond function.”
“I see.”
Geneva thought back to what the Minds looked like, but again, that was one part of her. The list of her desires and thoughts was still unspooling.
“—make contact with the United Nations company and tell them I am safe—”
“—cure for Erin Solstice still needs work. I cannot figure it out. It’s all too nebulous, too many variables I can’t work with like magic. I need to understand magic, I need—”
“I want to be free.”
