8.51 D
Page 7
A Drake Selphid turned; he did not wear armor like Idis and Calectus, but robes. Nevertheless, he was in charge, and Calectus was the [Honor Guard] pledged to defend the Minds and their interests. The Selphid flicked out his long tongue.
“Hold, Calectus. You—Idis.”
“Yes? Guardian?”
Idis snapped to attention. One of the highest-ranking Selphids who was not a Mind looked at her, and she felt a wave of apprehension. But all he did was point.
“Go to Geneva Scala. She is breaking her connection with the Third Mind. Something is wrong. She will be unable to move.”
Idis saw there were four stone platforms that let someone approach the Third Mind floating in the center. In front of the platform closest to her was Geneva.
She was…hovering in the air. Eyes closed. Grimacing. Idis hesitated.
“Do I go over and…will I do something wrong if I enter her?”
Ressk paused as Calectus gave her a quiet glare, though he acted much like the Dullahan body he inhabited. Some Selphids took on the characteristics of their host bodies.
“Third Mind. Will Idis harm the [Doctor] by approaching and inhabiting her?”
He spoke to the floating Mind. Idis heard the reply—but not with her atrophied ears, one of which had fully rotted off. She heard the reply in her mind.
“She is too deep. Bring Selphid Idis forwards. We are breaking the connection. Do so now.”
Ressk nodded and pointed a finger. Idis was already hurrying forwards. Geneva floated to her, and Idis caught her in her arms. She began to leave this body as the Third Mind’s agitation began to calm.
Geneva Scala began to stir. Her eyes opened, and her breathing caught. She tried to move her legs and couldn’t, but Idis bridged the gap in her nervous system. She felt Geneva’s slow, almost sleep-like rhythm change as her body ‘woke up’. The Third Mind released her, and Geneva sat up, with Idis simply playing helper.
Here was the final fact that most species had no knowledge of. The secret of the Minds. Not only did they have the amalgamation of Selphids who joined them—a huge honor and sacrifice. Not only did they lead the Selphid people, but the Mind was a rarity in its abilities that only a few species could copy.
Unfortunately, one of them being Crelers. The Mind could think at you and you would hear it. Also—as the Third Mind floated in the air? Idis was aware, and amazed, as always. Because…
It was not floating due to magic. Nor had Geneva been floating with it due to magic. Or even a Skill—at least, not a Skill alone. Geneva Scala had a word for it.
“Telekinesis.”
Idis whispered, in awe. She had been privileged enough to see the Third Mind four times in her life, a huge honor for someone not an [Honor Guard] or [Guardian], or the caretaking staff. She had never seen the Mind use its powers, even for something as mundane as lifting Geneva.
Now she saw water floating upwards, gently falling so the component parts of the Mind could consume it and some fruit. A literal banana peeled itself in midair.
There was a pause. Idis saw the banana mush itself, but something exited the banana.
…A bug. A crawling beetle. It went flying across the room and the banana was divided up. Idis heard the thought.
“Infested banana. Please perform quality checks.”
Ressk, hugely embarrassed, bowed his head and apologized. Idis heard the thought too. She whispered in Geneva’s ear as the [Doctor] slowly rose to her feet.
“Telepathy. Or is it that psi…pshi…?”
“Psionics, Idis. That’s the umbrella term. Telekinesis and telepathy are component parts.”
