8.51 D
Page 3
And there it was. Geneva turned her head, and saw herself. She stood there, and the Selphids that made up the Mind looked at that last desire. Yeque raised a hand, and that last Geneva…vanished. He spoke calmly, not unkindly, but without any way for her to gainsay him. And that, of course, was the problem.
“Let us begin with bodies.”
Geneva just nodded. She stood up, and followed him into a room.
It was a room that had never existed. A patchwork made of various things she had seen—and the Selphids had seen. It looked like the perfect surgery room. Every tool she had ever used or could conceivably need was present, there was no dirt, no impediments—and the surgical table had a body opened, clearly displaying internal organs and a perfect diagram of the interior.
No one had been harmed in the making. Geneva stared at the Dullahan. She turned to Yeque.
“How can I see this? Did a Selphid…dissect a body just like this?”
He shook his head and pointed up. Nearly sixty other Selphids stood in the viewing area, looking down at her.
“This is an image made of our understanding. The perspective makes sense to you, but we share knowledge for a complete understanding. Like everything else.”
Geneva nodded. It made sense. What a unique biological development. She struggled to think of an equivalent from Earth. Oh, there were species that had a connection like this—ants being a famous example—but pooling knowledge? A mental gestalt like this meant that a Mind had expertise from specialists on multiple levels.
Like…consider a Selphid who devoted their life to being a [Blacksmith]. They were naturally an expert in metalwork, and if they had made weapons for a living, they were the equivalent of any high-level [Smith] of any species.
But in the Mind, you also had [Warriors] who had held weapons and understood the importance of balance, the nuance a [Smith] might lack. Those two points of view combined and, in theory, made for a being that could create something neither individual could.
In theory. In practice, the Minds were hardly omniscient and acknowledged that. But it meant…
Geneva studied the Dullahan body. She traced a finger across nerves, tendons, inspected bones and found they were much like Humans. And yet, as she had suspected all along, they had a strange reliance on armor to replace their skin. Like a hermit crab.
However, she had known that from her work saving Dullahans to begin with. What Geneva found that was new was this. She bent low and stared at something.
“…This isn’t normal. I’ve seen this in some Humans too. But it’s clearly…what is this?”
Another Selphid appeared in a flash and Geneva saw a female Dullahan—no, a Selphid inhabiting one—step forwards.
“This? This is how they can detach limbs and move them separately. This is important. If it is severed, a Dullahan loses that ability. A limb detached and cut might simply die.”
Geneva stared down at her first entry into this world’s biological database. She had no encyclopedic term, so the common term she’d used to explain it to Ken, Daly, Paige, and the others was…
“Magical sinew.”
The Selphids nodded, pleased. Yeque turned to Geneva.
“We call it galas-muscle. We define valuable bodies in that way. The formation of galas in high-level people happens with every species.”
“Show me.”
Geneva was entranced. She saw another body appear, and walked over to another surgical table and saw a Human warrior, face mid-grimace, lying there. She looked as normal as could be from the outside, but once Geneva opened her arm…
