8.52 MN
Page 39
“Not me.”
The Garuda [Martial Artist] folded her wing-arms. Merrik snorted.
“Exactly like you. They just used traps instead of direct attacks.”
“Not like me. I don’t use traps.”
“And that’s why you failed our course on…”
Wil ignored them too. Sure enough, the Gnoll warriors were racing ahead of a slow-moving Drake army that was understandably cautious to give pursuit, even with their mounted divisions. They’d tried—and run straight into bear traps, hidden tripwires in the tall grass, and harassing fire.
“Nice slowing tactics. Unfortunately, that army won’t stop. And there’s a second force in the region.”
Peki frowned. Merrik hesitated from nodding, and the Wild Wastes tribe looked sharply at Venaz. Wil saw Venaz glance at him. The Minotaur was breathing steadily, but he had adjusted the green diamond greatsword on his back. Ready to draw it.
“Do you concur, Wil?”
“Looks like it.”
“How do you know?”
One of the Gnolls demanded angrily. Wil pointed down.
“Baggage trains. This army’s carrying far too much; also, you can count the pennants and other regalia. I see a gap in their numbering.”
“And they don’t have nearly as many riders as a Drake army traditionally sports. That’s anecdotal, but it’s not even a 1:16 split from infantry to horse. Besides…look at them. They’re setting fires, wasting the Gnoll tribe’s lands. Boxing them in. There’s a natural ridge up ahead. The tribe heads that way, they get boxed in.”
Venaz pointed it out and Wil nodded. Textbook. He bit his tongue.
“If we go down there, we’re embroiled in Izrilian politics, Venaz. We’re bound for Liscor. To the Professor.”
“Wil. Are you suggesting we let this tribe perish?”
Venaz folded his arms. Wil blinked a few times.
“No…but this isn’t our home. We’re not invincible.”
“Then we’ll be careful. I will, carefully, join Berr and the Wild Wastes tribe. You contact the Hekitr tribe and we’ll ambush the ambushers. Merrik? Your preference?”
“Give me a defensive line any time. Wil and I hold the line, you and Peki go in?”
Merrik nodded. The Gnoll [Mercenaries] watched them. The four students exchanged glances. Were they doing this? Wil took a deep breath. He put a hand on the hilt of his shortsword.
“One amendment to the plan, Venaz.”
The Minotaur looked carefully at him. Wil touched the Sword of Serept and three Wils stood there.
“I’ve got two extra lives. Put one of me in the vanguard.”
The Minotaur grinned and slapped one of the Wils on the back. They began to race via cover to the ambush site. Wil kept cursing as he ran, panting, to keep up since their horses were too noticeable.
Ailendamus and home. The Titan and Liscor! Damn, damn—
But he had found the Titan’s promised adventure.
 
——
 
Her friends were idiots. Because she knew that, knew their personalities, Yerranola was not surprised when Feshi burst into their tents.
“Strange medicine.”
She finished staring at the powdered yellow flower before mixing it into the small vial of liquid she personally imbibed. Her Selphid-body relaxed.
The pain was gone. It crept back and she knew she had to take the next dose, along with her antidote. So many mysteries.
“Say it again, Feshi?”
“They just joined the Hekitr tribe. The tribes are under attack! There are armies marching along the Great Plains.”
“Continental war?”
The Selphid saw her friend blanch. That was a name for a very specific kind of war. Civil wars could be between peoples, a nation or kingdom. Magic wars took place over dimensions you couldn’t fathom, and so on.
