8.52 MN
Page 47
“Oh no, not the crazy one again. Is he following us?”
She sighed. But the Steelfur warrior jerked and then stared at Mrsha. He pointed an accusatory finger at her.
“Who is that girl? Why does she know the Black Tide, a [Spearmaster], and—”
Rose saw people turn around. She instantly knew what Adetr had done. He had heard ‘Ceria Springwalker’, a famous Gold-rank adventurer, and, like the stupid fight-seeker he was, he’d used his Skill on Mrsha.
And, incidentally, gotten to meet Relc, multiple Gold-rank adventurers, angry Antinium, and acid jars to the face. He began to raise his voice.
“She’s from the same place as that other Gnoll. From—”
Rose slapped a hand over his mouth so fast Mrsha saw Adetr recoil. The Human glared at him, and then turned to Gire and Mrsha.
“I…”
Mrsha saw Adetr staring at her. She stared at him, Gire, Rose, and slowly raised a paw. She stared at Adetr’s strange fur. At Rose. She touched the speaking stone rune hidden at her side.
“Hello. I’m Mri. Wanna eat?”
 
——
 
That was how Rose, Adetr, Mrsha, and Gire found themselves eating a lobster, special lobster tail on a bed of buttered rice, with a giant bucket of ice cream in an ice-bound container.
As a snack. Mrsha had also snagged three skewers of meat and a bucket of popcorn with meat flavoring.
“…Is she some kind of [Eater]? A [Gourmet]?”
Adetr stared as Mrsha came back with Gire. Rose looked at the hamburger from the Silverfang stalls with fries.
“Mri, are you insane? That’s too much food! Lyonette’s right, you will get fat!”
Adetr glanced at her. Rose was trying not to smile, even as she eyed Adetr, worried about this new development. After all, she and Mrsha were from the inn.
It felt like a long time since they’d left. Mrsha beamed at Rose. She took a single bite from the meat skewer, a big bite of hamburger, and some popcorn. Then she handed the hamburger to Gire.
“Thanks, Mri.”
The [Paragon] opened her mouth, and devoured the hamburger. Not fast—rather, she took small bites and chewed until all the flavor was gone, then swallowed, savoring each bite. But she didn’t stop and her mouth was so huge that…
Adetr and Rose looked at the nine foot tall Gnoll, who had the metabolism of a [Paragon]. Mrsha had seen how much Gire ate for breakfast; she was confident this qualified as a Gire-snack.
For his part, Adetr had no idea how this ‘Mri’ knew Rose, and he was half-impatient to get back to talking about Earth. But Rose had told him Mri was from Liscor and he could absolutely not talk about her.
He didn’t get why, and he didn’t really care. But he did notice Mri writing little notes and signing with her paws. Adetr raised his brows…and ate some of the lobster, and found the fast food wasn’t bad.
He really didn’t watch the news unless there was fighting on. Rose, eying him, saw the light of a [Detective]’s keen insight…not at all in his face. She sighed with relief.
Thank goodness for idiots.
“Honored Gireulashia. Sorry for interrupting you. Rose and I will be going.”
“Itfsh fine, Warrior Adetr. Rose is a friend.”
Gire spoke with her mouth full. She glanced around guiltily and hunched down as if she would somehow get smaller sitting at the food table.
“Uh—don’t tell the Ekhtouch tribe I’m eating. I’m just helping Mri finish her meals.”
Mrsha nodded, a huge bite of lobster in her mouth. She waved at the Drowned [Chef]. This was good stuff!
