8.52 MN
Page 19
Numbtongue faced…Bird. He bared his teeth, but spoke after a moment. Holding the crystal blade Pelt had made for him.
“Bird. Erin would do something.”
“We are on a mission to help her. To save Mrsha. Erin is smart, but, I think, she is also foolish. She has made mistakes. Good people died for her battles. Do you want to die here?”
Numbtongue’s hand tightened on the hilt. Badarrow’s eyes focused on something. Snapjaw glanced at his gaze and her own gaze focused.
“I’m going. Not arguing. Those aren’t my people.”
Numbtongue pointed down. Irry looked at him as the Goblin strode past him. He shoved past Bird, who called out, almost mockingly, after him.
“And?”
The [Bard] whirled. The ghosts he carried watched him. One of them slowly raised his head, listening. Numbtongue jabbed Bird in the chest.
“And I don’t have to explain things.”
He began to stride down the hill, the small group following him. Fierre hesitated, eyes darting from him to Bird with disbelief.
I’m going with you. That was what she didn’t say. She tried, eight times, but the words didn’t come out. She was a Vampire. An immortal. She…gazed down at the Drake [Soldiers] and the words died on her tongue.
And Bird—no, he was laughing.
“What about all of you? Are you just going to stand here or leave? The most practical choice is to leave before you’re found. If that army finds you, they’ll encircle this position and run you down. You can’t just shoot arrows and run away.”
Ulvama was glowering at Bird’s hat. Pivr scratched at one antenna.
“Something is off about Bird.”
Normen nodded. The others shifted. The Antinium, who had been waiting for orders, stared at Bird. Grass Shell, Infinitypear, Touma, and more. The [Shaman] nervously clutched at his walking staff, the focus of his new powers.
“It’s not that we don’t want to do anything, it’s just that…it’s an army.”
Fals muttered. Normen and Alcaz glanced at each other as they lined up next to Numbtongue. The younger brother muttered.
“Crimshaw. Crimshaw…”
Like a prayer. And, abruptly, the others were angry. From Octavia to Gna. Bird was right. But he sounded so…contemptuous. Goading.
“If we could do something, we would! It’s just—there’s no chance. Numbtongue, come back!”
Garia clenched and unclenched her hands. Apista buzzed around Bird’s face. Yeah, yeah! Don’t mock us, small man! I’ll sting you!
Bird brushed her away from his hat. He looked around.
“So if you could do something, if you had a 50-50 chance, would you? Is your excuse that you ‘can’t do anything’?”
Irry cried out. One of the Gnollish fighting lines had buckled at last and the Drakes were threatening the non-combatants themselves.
“Yes! Alright, yes! What are you doing, Bird?”
Octavia shouted at him. She saw Ulvama hop off the wagon. Eyes narrowed, she stepped forwards. Badarrow was cursing at the other Goblins and pointing.
“That cliff. There!”
They were moving. Fierre opened her mouth to say—she twitched as someone walked past her.
Grass Shell. He halted behind Numbtongue and lifted his head. A second later, Infinitypear, Touma, and two other Antinium joined him.
“You’re mad.”
Sergeant Gna glowered at them—as she kicked her horse forwards to join Salkis, who was grinning with real insanity in her gaze. Garia—Fals grabbed her shoulder as she took a step forwards.
“Garia—”
“I’m going with Numbtongue. You—you guard everyone, Fals. Okay?”
Her voice was trembling. Rasktooth held out a hand, grinning, and Infinitypear touched his fist to it gently.
