8.52 MN
Page 24
“Excellent. [Hear Me]! Numbtongue, strike forwards and clear those [Lineholders]!”
The Hobgoblin charged and Niers swivelled so fast he preempted Snapjaw’s drop. She came out of the skies with Icecube, and the Frost Wyvern exhaled a deadly freezing mist over the back lines of the army.
The shock of the attack was almost as valuable as how many [Archers] and [Mages] it got. Niers’ eyes narrowed.
“Snapjaw, fly! You’re under [Arrowguard]—evasives, now!”
The Goblin [Eater] pulled away with notable reluctance, but the arrows swerving before they hit her or her mount wouldn’t do that forever. Niers was grinning.
The enemy [Commander] had no idea what was happening. This wasn’t even a chaotic battlefield on Niers’ end; he had a very small group to micromanage, but it was a hundred, a thousand times worse on the receiving end. Still—Niers was managing personalities, not trained soldiers.
“Bird. Hit the final Oldblood.”
Bird had shot one arrow and clipped the Drake’s wing. The Drake was descending, and, as Niers watched, Bird clipped the other one right on the edge.
Precision shooting. But he knew those were not near-misses.
“Bird. What’s wrong?”
“Bad birds. Bad birds…they don’t look like bad birds.”
Bird was muttering to himself. Niers stared at him, then down at the fighting. Ah. Damn.
Badarrow was erasing [Soldier] after [Soldier] and the other Goblins were doing a fine job. He saw Pivr, the two Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings, and Xeu all fighting without reservations. They simply put themselves on one side of the attack ground and carved in. Xeu’s scythe-arms were almost as unstoppable as Numbtongue, and she appeared and slashed her foes, skittering away as Pivr leapt and launched himself about, attacking with mandibles and his own scythe-appendages.
He was in more danger, honestly, but under so many Skills and Normen and Alcaz’s protection, he was surviving. The two Brothers weren’t showy, but they were deceptively good. They just waited for an opening and a club would descend with perfect brutal precision.
However. Niers saw Garia, Fierre, and even some of the other Antinium slowing.
“Civilians. Bird, shoot them through the head. Don’t worry about casualties!”
They were afraid of killing the Drakes. It would be different if it weren’t so one-sided. Bird hesitated. Salkis was wiping out the Drakes, and she and Numbtongue were pressing in, but they’d be lost if the others couldn’t back them up.
“Gna. Get them moving!”
“I…”
Bird’s hesitation hung in the air. Niers swung himself towards one of Bird’s earholes.
“Bird! This is a battle! Your friends will die if you don’t fight! They’re not even dead!”
The Antinium’s head rose.
“What?”
The Fraerling shouted as Ulvama turned.
“I am the Titan of Baleros! Do you think I don’t have Skills? Look!”
He pointed down and Bird focused on the first [Soldiers] Numbtongue had cut down. The dead [Soldiers], cut into bloody…chunks?
Where was all the blood? For that matter—Bird frowned down at the Drakes who’d been hit by the [Lava Orb] spell. Ulvama blinked.
“What.”
They were covered in soot, immobile. But not charred. Their armor was burnt away or actually melted but—Bird turned and saw Badarrow catch a Drake climbing up and slash across the [Soldier]’s shoulder.
The Drake fell, crying out, as a sharp blade cut through metal. He clasped at his arm.
“My arm! He got my—”
He stared at the limp limb. Tried to move it.
“I can’t move my—it’s still there. But he cut it—”
“Some kind of Skill! Get a healing potion! Get a h—”
