8.52 MN
Page 33
“Good. I don’t intend to keep them. But I hope you’ll hear me out. The first thing that will happen once Bentill stops being in shock is that they’ll immediately shout that an Antinium-Goblin force attacked them. Before that, I’d like a few things.”
Niers hopped from the rock onto Apista as she flew by. She buzzed past them towards a map Niers had had laid out. The Gnoll Chieftain opened her mouth, clearly overwhelmed, but Niers was talking slowly—for him—and decisively.
“Thank you, Apista. Now, Bentill will try for reinforcements or a counter attack. I’d like us to preempt them. Firstly, by sending word to the Meeting of Tribes and every Drake city and power in the region, telling them exactly what happened. Every tribe needs to be warned they’re in danger. Secondly—informing Bentill that any retaliatory measures means the death of half their soldiers.”
Orni blanched.
“You mean execute them?”
Niers shrugged.
“Tell them the Goblins have them prisoner. That tends to work. Issue an immediate ransom to the tune of one silver and nine coppers per soldier.”
One of the Gnolls looked outraged.
“That’s low. That is—we’re ransoming them? These murderous bastards? They were going to kill all of us!”
Niers snapped his fingers.
“I don’t suggest we forgive Bentill, [Shaman]—I presume that’s your class. However, we must be practical. Request at one point nine per, delivered in the form of potions, then food, then gold for priority. Ultimatum—”
He glanced at the night sky.
“—By sunrise. Not that ‘you’ll’ do anything, but the Goblins will do whatever they do by sunrise. Sunrise for an agreement—they should deliver within the hour, though, via a City Runner and bags of holding. Don’t give them time to do more than react.”
He glanced at Chieftain Shaik who raised her brows. Chieftain Orni was frowning.
“Ransom them.”
“Yes. It’s just for whatever you can gain; as you said, we cannot hold the prisoners, especially once the ‘dead’ ones begin to wake up. Nor can we press Bentill for proper redress, as much as I’m sure you would sorely love to. We have the real value anyways.”
“Which is?”
The [Shaman] snapped. Niers pointed down at the army.
“Arms and armor. Potions too. Strip the [Soldiers], take everything. Horses, any gear they had—Bentill will have to replace it all. They won’t be able to pursue for at least a few days. By then, we should be at least a day out. Of course, that depends on whether Chieftain Shaik is joining us with her tribe.”
The silence that statement provoked was the silence of people catching up. Chieftain Shaik eyed the Titan.
“Go? Where are we going?”
The Goblin watched Niers. He nodded at her.
“Your tribe might be able to hide, although they will come after you, Chieftain Shaik. I honestly can’t promise you it will be safer with Lomost given the situation. However, I will be leading this joint force and the more tribes we can gather, the better.”
“More tribes. Titan—Lord Astoragon, you must slow down.”
Chieftain Orni spoke, shaking her head, dazed. Niers nodded to her, not unsympathetically.
“I know you have lost many of your people, Chieftain Orni. But let me be clear. I am the Titan of Baleros. Chance has led me here. Chance and providence, and, thanks to the bravery of this group—Goblins, Antinium, and other species—we managed to avoid catastrophe. Given the situation, I am requesting command of your soldiers and tribe. Because in a week, or less, this entire region—maybe this entire damn continent—will be a warzone with Drakes versus Gnolls.”
He looked around. The others stirred. Bird’s antennae waved at Niers.
