8.52 MN
Page 18
Bird’s head turned to the Workers and Soldiers. They just stood there, but somehow…he slapped the side of his hat, hard.
“They are dying. You can do something.”
“Not if I’m not part of that battle. Those Gnolls aren’t under my command. I can throw a Skill at them—but to change a battle decisively, you need a moment.”
Bird didn’t respond. He was watching Numbtongue make up his mind as he stared up at the figures breathing fire, frost, and even what appeared to be living shadows, down at the Gnolls. Tiny bird-people.
Evil bird-people. He had known wretched birds before. Horrible things that didn’t deserve to be eaten. But birds were good. They flew.
These were evil birds. Niers Astoragon was frowning around. The Titan saw Numbtongue arguing with Badarrow, jerking his arm away.
“I am going.”
“Numbtongue!”
Normen stepped up in an instant. After a moment of hesitation, Pivr scuttled after him, muttering about ‘establishing social credibility’. Two Goblins followed. Rasktooth and Dirtmouth. But even the Antinium waited. They were watching Bird.
“Bird, talk some sense into him. This is madness. I don’t want this any more than you do, but we can’t just all risk certain death.”
Octavia was pleading. Bird opened and closed his mandibles. Then…the [Liar] listened to the voice inside his head. Or rather, hat.
 
——
 
Fierre’s head rose slowly as Bird began to speak. The others started, because as Bird whirled around, the stupid top hat with his antennae poking out perched on his head, his voice changed.
It grew…different. Another cadence, another depth, not just from the mere vocalization, but from the way he spoke. So knowingly. The same way he had when he led them on the crazy run that had swept an entire army up behind him.
“I hear you. Do you all see what’s happening below?”
He pointed with one arm, as if they could not. The Gnolls were howling, crying at the army to stop, blowing horns for allies they had no hope of finding.
“Certain death. This is so. Only an idiot would think they could save anyone without paying the ultimate price. You may be over Level 30, Numbtongue, and you might have a Frost Wyvern, Snapjaw, but that is an army. You’re not children or new warriors. So why fight? Let us ride on and find Mrsha. That is what we came here to do.”
Numbtongue’s eyes narrowed. But it was Fierre who burst out, looking at Bird strangely.
“Bird! I—you—if we can help—”
“Don’t be stupid, Fierre. I am Bird. And I see things clearly. Or don’t you? The instant we go down there—these Gnolls will know who we are. So will those Drakes. Unless we slaughter every single one—and even if we do, the Gnolls will know. You might not be in danger. But they are. I am.”
Bird nodded at the Goblins. Irry opened his mouth, and the older [Hunter] hushed him and focused on Bird. Clues coming together. Bird went on, a smile in his voice though none was on his face.
“They will hunt us without mercy. Antinium and Goblins, this continent’s greatest threats. Our hope of finding Mrsha—already slim—will vanish. Is that worth the cost of almost certain death? Sometimes we must let people die. They are not your people. They are not mine. Why fight for them?”
“Did he just say…?”
Bird ignored the others. He was waiting for a response. Salkis was just gripping the hilts of her daggers.
“I came here for a fight. Near certain death? What are we waiting for?”
She grinned, but even she licked her lips as she stared down at the overwhelming odds. The nameless Soldier looked up. Slowly, Ulvama was adding a line of silver to her arm, her face. Warpaint. She eyed him.
“Choose already.”
