8.52 MN
Page 35
“We can make a pact and swear by important concepts.”
Niers was watching her. Shaik shrugged again. She glanced sideways.
“Yes. But one thing before. That Goblin.”
She pointed at Snapjaw, who was tending to Icecube. The other Ghostly Hand Goblins glared at her. Shaik’s finger pointed then to Numbtongue.
“…Is something wrong?”
The Ghostly Hand Chieftain grinned at Niers Astoragon. She nodded.
“That Goblin was a Chieftain who served the Goblin Lord. And that Goblin has ghosts.”
Niers’ head turned. So did the Gnoll [Shaman], and everyone in earshot. Numbtongue started as Shaik gave him a knowing glance. She stared pointedly past him, past Pyrite and Shorthilt, at the Goblin staring at her. Her eyes narrowed.
“He has the Goblin who became Lord. The traitor of my tribe. She served him. He carries the ghost. It is small thing. Just for me and my tribe.”
Shaik stared at Numbtongue.
“The Goblin Lord killed the last Chieftain. Mother. We did not go with him.”
Some of the Hobs following her calmly put their hands on their weapons’ hilts. Shaik waved a claw at them. She stared at Numbtongue.
“So, small problem.”
 
——
 
Niers Astoragon let Numbtongue walk away with Chieftain Shaik. If she tried to kill him or he her…it was a risk you had to take. She didn’t seem vengeful, which was good.
“Ghostly Hand tribe. Good tribe. Strong magic. Not just [Shamans]. Good mushrooms too. And spiders.”
Ulvama whispered to him. Niers Astoragon grunted.
“Yes, thank you. I can see their rideable Shield Spiders.”
He eyed the giant, flat insects and shuddered. Nests of those bastards. The one thing he was glad he hadn’t run into on his journey to The Wandering Inn.
“Can you tell me anything strategic?”
“You don’t boss me.”
Ulvama narrowed her eyes and went to poke him. Niers half-unsheathed his sword and the finger stopped.
“I boss everyone. Poke me, go ahead. You get ten tries.”
She hesitated. Niers Astoragon pointedly re-sheathed the sword.
“I know you’re not stupid, Great Shaman of the Flooded Waters tribe. I’m here to rescue Mrsha, so let’s not play idiotic games.”
She thought about it, folded her arms, and sighed.
“Fine. The Ghostly Hand tribe refused to fight for Velan the Kind. They are…a power among tribes. In the south. I don’t know them well. But they could probably have killed Bentill’s army themselves.”
Niers nodded.
“Nice mushrooms. I saw their effects. I want them. Can you make sure that Numbtongue isn’t in trouble for…harboring ghosts?”
Ulvama shrugged. She eyed Numbtongue with interest.
“I can try. What can you promise Ghostly Hand? They know they’re in danger, but better to run than get caught up in Gnoll civil war, eh?”
“They’ll have a hard time finding anywhere safe with all eyes on us. Tell them…well, tell them you could take them to your tribe in the High Passes.”
The [Shaman] recoiled slightly, then caught herself. Niers traded another look with her.
“Don’t worry. If I wanted anyone dead, they’d be dead. Right now I’m playing, ‘let’s save Mrsha and keep the Gnolls from being wiped out’. Your Goblin tribe is not my job. Not unless I think I see another Goblin King.”
He went back to studying the map and notes on other Gnoll tribes. They were going to have to move like spit. Ulvama saw the tent flaps open and Bird entered.
“Niers.”
The tiny man sighed.
“What, Bird? Now that you’re no longer my cover, you know that you can do whatever you want, right?”
Bird nodded his head.
“I could always do that. But I am still in charge.”
Niers and Ulvama slowly blinked at Bird. The Titan coughed.
