8.52 MN
Page 5
It was actually kind of gratifying. Niers had fun with Bird. He also got angry, annoyed, and was sometimes shocked or impressed, and that was excellent. He felt good around Bird. He pinned the last sock up and turned.
“We’ve lost Mrsha.”
Bird stopped talking. He was riding along, and, ahead of them, Numbtongue was chatting with the Gnoll [Hunters] leading them to meet with their tribe.
“…Are you sure? I believe these [Hunters] may help us, especially if we communicate we are looking for Mrsha, as you said. They may also have seen her.”
Niers Astoragon shook his head. It had been three days without a major lead, despite their marathon-run across the landscape.
“Gna and Snapjaw have lost her scent, even with tracking Skills. Something’s happened.”
Bird was silent for a long moment.
“Is she dead?”
Niers checked his enchanted sword.
“If she was, I think we’d have heard about it. If she was, I think those damned Plains Gnolls wouldn’t be marching into cities. We may hear more from this tribe. My hope is the girl was clever or lucky and lost them. Bets from the top go: Magnolia Reinhart’s agents found her. She got in touch with a [Druid]. More white Gnolls or their allies rescued her. She was aided by some friendly, high-level individual like a Courier or…someone. Or Jexishe, the Friendly Creler, crawled out of the ground, defeated all the white Gnoll hunters, and carried her off to Smile-Land.”
Bird rode in dead silence and Niers counted the seconds until he replied.
“I think you made that last one up.”
“I said it was in order of likeliness.”
Niers waited. He smiled to himself. After a minute, Bird asked in a very uncertain voice.
“…Is there a friendly Creler?”
You could have fun. Bird still had his faults. One of which was that he sounded genuinely unsure about the existence of Jexishe. Niers smiled…then sat, pulling out a tiny copy of a map he’d made back at the inn.
“We’ve lost her, Bird. I’m not going to pretend or sugar-coat it. I’ve done this before. We’ve lost the quarry and you don’t always find the trail. We have to reconfigure our objectives.”
“What do we do next, then?”
“Go back to Liscor?”
Bird slowed his horse. Fierre glanced up; he was riding at the back of the group, since the Gnolls were guiding them, but only the Vampire knew exactly how important Bird’s odd muttering to himself was. Only her.
Ulvama cracked open one eye and peered at Bird as she lay on the wagon’s back. The Antinium, marching next to the Goblins, who were chattering and eying their strange counterparts from another tribe, all turned to stare at Bird. Then snapped forwards when he noticed them.
“We have come so far, Niers. We cannot leave now.”
“We can and we must, if that’s the most practical answer, Bird. I understand your feelings, but I teach my students this: just because you invest something in a battle, or take losses—you don’t keep pushing. Sometimes you walk away because you’re just adding to your losses otherwise. Sometimes you just lose. I don’t suggest that’s happened here. Rather—I think our next goal is taking me to either Oteslia to link up with this Lyonette or Reinhart herself—although that puts me in peril—or Zeres. I get to my company, and come back with reinforcements. But your role might be ending.”
Bird absorbed that slowly. He looked around. Niers modulated his voice, gently.
“It’s been a good journey. You’ve all levelled, I’ve seen interesting things, but let me be clear: we can’t take you to the Great Plains or any big city. Goblins, Antinium, and this group’s high-level, but not cut out for a mass battle.”
