8.52 MN
Page 45
“Medieval ages. The dark ages is a nickname.”
Rose sighed. She peered around wistfully.
“You don’t want to get anything to eat first? Explore the Meeting of Tribes?”
This was a habit of theirs. A somewhat uneasy habit, but Krshia had agreed with Rose that it had to be done, or Adetr would have only a half-truth without explanations. Still…Rose was tired of feeling like a history professor teaching a student who knew nothing of Earth—at all—the history of everything. Especially because Adetr had seen…
Modern warfare. He’d fought tanks, seen the effects of guns against his tribe, and, Rose couldn’t believe this, had even been hit by some kind of aerial bombardment. Even maybe a nuke.
Adetr was a [Battle Seeker]. He was also a fine warrior, or so she was told, but one of his Skills, a rarity among any normal person, was [Vision of Greatest Battle]. It allowed him to see…well, what it would be like to fight someone else.
And apparently on an Earther, it meant he was suddenly fighting soldiers from her world armed with modern weaponry. That had freaked Rose out, especially because Adetr had nearly gone crazy, thinking this army existed and might go on the attack.
However, Adetr really was an oddity. [Battle Seeker] was a strange class, and he was a single-minded Gnoll. He glanced around, and Rose sniffed the air more eagerly than he did.
“I’ll pay for something if you have to eat.”
“You don’t want anything? Really?”
“No. It’s just food. I thought you Humans from…”
Adetr hesitated, looking around.
“…your home would have better food than this, anyways.”
“Not magic food. And besides, good food is good food. Let’s just walk around a tiny bit before we get back to talking. Please?”
“Gah—fine. You know I’m busy. Steelfur might have to fight the Drakes soon so I have to go. Not that I’d mind that, but I need to know…everything.”
“Well, I’m not telling you how to make anything.”
“I don’t need to know that. Yet. Just how my tribe’s supposed to survive.”
Adetr stalked after Rose. She sighed. Why couldn’t her Gnoll contact be…well, someone like Tkrn? Inkar, that lovely young woman from Kazakhstan, who rode like a seasoned [Rider], fit so well into the tribe that clearly loved and appreciated her, had Tkrn, who was smitten.
Rose got Adetr, who stalked along behind her like a giant metal shark, such that even the other Gnolls got out of the way. She might have decided he was too…insane and refused to meet with him at all except for one thing.
Adetr didn’t look at Rose like some psychotic war-hungry fighter. He was surly, bad-tempered, focused on only military matters or ‘how strong Humans were’, and so on. But she caught the expression in his eyes now and then, the same as when he had first accosted her.
He was afraid. He had experienced a war completely unlike battles he understood, and he saw how dangerous it might be to everything he cared about.
So Rose did her best. Not only to educate in a limited sense, but also to…convince him.
“So, um…the Drakes declaring war on the Gnolls. Are you worried?”
“Chieftain Iraz is. He’ll decide if we go out and fight. We’ll probably just hold the Great Plains. I’m not worried about that.”
The metal Gnoll saw Rose glance back at him.
“Not about Gnolls and Drakes fighting?”
He shrugged.
