8.52 MN
Page 31
Fire spells. But they were alive, in no small way thanks to Gna, who’d pulled them out, Ulvama’s magic paints, Niers’ Skills, and Gna’s command. Numbtongue distracting the others too, of course, but an expert had given them the longest odds for survival.
In fact, the expert was speaking in a loud, carrying voice as Infinitypear rolled onto his bottom.
“…Enchantments, local leader Skills, and high-level [Strategist] Skills. Throw in some high-level fighters against what are uniform [Soldiers] of a lower level, and you can get a one-sided battle. It was closer than I’d have liked. Most of the Antinium and Goblins weren’t actually higher-level than the [Soldiers]. But thanks to that…transformation, and a few other variables, we made it.”
Infinitypear tilted his head. He saw a tiny man, the one they called the Titan, standing there, assessing the damages. Then Infinitypear realized he was alive. He was alive…
They had made it.
 
——
 
Xeu lost her eye. Since she had two, that was something, but Pivr had lost a wing and the other was damaged beyond repair. He could still glide, but far less quickly than before.
Fortunately, or rather, amazingly, that was as bad as it got.
“As bad as it got? Icecube’s wings are shredded! Look!”
Snapjaw cuddled the whining Frost Wyvern, who snapped at Badarrow as he went for his hug.
“Touma lost his hand!”
Garia shouted back. Snapjaw focused on the upper right arm of Touma’s…which was gone.
“Oh.”
“It’s just a hand. They grow back.”
Bird waved his limbs for emphasis. Touma let Octavia fuss around him, but it was true that injuries were…light.
Healing potions had saved the worst wounds, and the people who’d gone in hard, like Fierre, Numbtongue, Salkis, all had either the levels or healing power to come out the other side. And potions saved lives.
Like, for instance, the Antinium that stood apart even from the others. Ulvama eyed him balefully, but Dirtmouth and Numbtongue both had to grin and clasp hands with him.
“Super Antinium. He all red. Biggest target. Best Antinium.”
Dirtmouth announced. The other Goblins even seemed slightly in awe of him. You had to be something to dye your entire body red.
“So what is your name? His name?”
Numbtongue glanced around, unaware this Soldier could actually make sounds approximating speech. However, Grass Shell turned his head and replied, the first time he had ever spoken.
“The Crimson Soldier.”
Numbtongue blinked.
“Yes, but what is his name?”
“The Crimson Soldier. Are you being silly, Numbtongue?”
Bird looked at Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin opened his mouth and then got it.
That was a name for a Soldier who had none. But how did the other Antinium know that? They had not talked—and The Crimson Soldier had not told them…
Pivr was staring at the other Antinium as Normen leaned on his side. After a while, Pivr spoke.
“Have I regained my social capital, Normen?”
The Brother looked up and grinned.
“If you didn’t from this, a fellow only has to do it until he’s liked.”
“Hm. I find your methods of gaining endearment dangerous, but perhaps effective.”
After all, he was wearing a little bouquet of flowers. Admittedly here, Apista had buzzed over and dropped it on his head, but you had to start small.
 
——
 
Fierre was panting. She was…sated. She also felt like she’d lost her mind for a bit. She licked her lips, trembling slightly. No one had seen her, right? No one had…?
Salkis sat down on a rock next to her. She appeared almost as pleased as Fierre, which was to say half-dead. She nodded.
“Hey. You’re crazy. I saw you tearing out their necks with your teeth.”
