8.52 MN
Page 53
“Terrible, stupid, stinky people do terrible things. I lived, despite the [Witch]. Despite it all. I won’t let them do it again. Some day, I will be big and no one will ever do such things again. My friends won’t let it happen either. We all knew Erin. And each time this happens, we level up. When she comes back, everything will be okay. Until then—we have to do Erin-things.”
 
“Who?”
Mrsha ignored the question. She felt that certainty building in her. That memory of long-dead heroes she had known.
It was disconcerting to the adults. It was—to Feshi—like hearing the Professor talk. Too weary for a child to say. And yet—Mrsha gazed so confidently up at her that Feshi had to look away.
We can win. Gire’s eyes lit up as she looked at someone who had seen and done things she could never imagine. A girl who had gone somewhere Adetr’s great Skill could not encompass because it was not war she had seen. Beyond the imagination of the [Paragon].
It was an inn on a hill. Mrsha stared at that vision. As humble as could be, sometimes. Not nearly as grand as the Meeting of Tribes, but there was magic there. That was what this place lacked, for all its grandeur and important people.
Perspective. So what if every evil Drake city in the world declared war? Beat them up. All you needed was a flag, an [Innkeeper]. You needed guests of an inn and…
Something was building inside Mrsha. A feeling. A familiar one. She regarded all of these adults, not seeing her parents, noticing even the Weatherfur Gnolls watching her. She had a strange power. A presence despite her age.
She had brought something from home. Mrsha looked at the greatest assembly of Gnolls in the world, and the resolve built in her.
This was her people. This was their moment of triumph. They should not be so small, and sad. What could they not do? Had this army been there, Tyrion Veltras would have run screaming off a cliff. Had they been there, Stone Spears would not have died.
She couldn’t go back in time. But she could tell them: it could be done. Just not alone.
Mrsha felt an energy building in the core of her being. Not like Grimalkin’s muscles, but something inside of her. A fierce energy. She reached for it.
She was tired of being small. Tired of running. Well, she had made it here. Here she stood, and here they would be. Together. She looked at Gire, and the [Paragon]’s eyes were wondering.
Something burst out of Mrsha as she reached for that memory. The power—Mrsha heard gasps. A cry of shock. It rose out from her fur. She gritted her teeth, focusing.
Yes! Her power! Was it from Erin’s inn? The natural, latent abilities of a [Princess]’ daughter? Her experiences?
It was an aura. No—it was more powerful still. Mrsha felt it envelop her in sudden strength as she felt a wave of triumph, that great memory of every time Erin Solstice had walked forwards and changed the world. This was it.
She had done it. Her eyes opened and Mrsha took in the shocked, recoiling people with calm serenity. She had achieved the next level. Powered up. She could feel her powerful aura, her hair standing up—why, she even thought she’d changed colors. Not to white; this was her final form! This was—
Gireulashia stared at Mrsha in horror and shouted.
“Mri, you’re on fire!”
The little Gnoll girl’s confident expression wavered. She looked at her body, and realized—that wasn’t her aura. Instead, it was a glorious flame. A pink—
Fire! I’m on fire! Put it out! Putitoutputitout— 
