8.52 MN
Page 46
“I’ve seen some of the Drakes’ best. We have amazing warriors too. If it happens, it happens. Neither side can toss the other over and the Great Plains have never been taken when the tribes gather. I’m more worried about something else. What do you want? Let’s get it and find a seat. You can have as much tea and snacks at the Steelfur camp as you want.”
…And there he went again. Rose sighed. They drifted by a stall with a delicious seafood grill and she stopped to stare at it.
“Oh my gosh. Lobster?”
“I’m not buying that.”
Adetr checked the prices and instantly glared at her. Rose raised her hands.
“I can pay for myself, thanks! Anyways, who could eat an entire lobster? For a snack?”
“I don’t know. You’ve been eating every day we ‘talk’.”
“Don’t be rude. I don’t know why I—”
Rose went to shove Adetr and he stared at her as she tried to push him. His fur wasn’t as spiky as the metal indicated, but it was like shoving a brick wall. She sighed and walked on as he stomped behind her.
As a result, they both naturally spotted the giant Gnoll girl bent over to talk to a half-Elf. Who wouldn’t stare at Gire? Rose’s mouth opened.
“That’s her! That’s, um—Gire!”
“Gireulashia. [Paragon]. Don’t make her mad. She’s an excellent warrior.”
Adetr glanced at her with clear interest. But Rose spotted the little girl there and froze.
“Mr—Mri?”
She caught herself just in time and Adetr glanced at her.
“Someone you know?”
“Yeah, she’s…why is she out here?”
Instantly, Rose began to worry. She’d been so glad to hear Mrsha was safe, but she knew this was a dangerous position. Her talking with Adetr she hoped was helping, but she glanced at him and recalled that his tribe was traditionalist. Fortunately, he didn’t look twice at the Gnoll girl, only to check out her ears.
“What’s with the gold? Is she with that Golden Gnoll half my tribe wants to buy from?”
“Yes…yes. She’s a friend of Silverfang. What’s she…”
They were just in time to hear Gire laugh and explain, her words quick and calm.
“Sorry, Miss. Mri’s voice is hurt from a cold. And eating too many Herthee. She’s from the city. The Golden Gnoll’s caravan, actually, but she’s related to my tribe. Ekhtouch.”
She named the somewhat allergic vegetable that could swell up your throat. The half-Elf nodded.
“Poor girl. Well, some gelato will help with that.”
Gire smiled, and Rose sighed with relief. What a perfect lie. The [Paragon] was a natural actor, and Rose had met Jasi and Wesle. She drew closer as Adetr sighed and checked his money pouch; the gelato was not cheap.
“So you know Ceria Springwalker? That is amazing. Well, I can give you a little taste just for that.”
“I can pay!”
Rose jumped, but Mrsha had toggled her speaking stone. She slapped three gold coins on the counter and everyone stared. Adetr nearly dropped his coin pouch.
“Oh…I, ah, well, that’s quite a lot. What do you want, Miss Mri?”
“C-can we get the vanilla ice cream, Mri? I love vanilla. What does it taste like?”
Mrsha and Rose gave Gire the pitying looks of people who understood the neophyte’s entry into sweet tastes. Mrsha was about to opine that this half-Elf should invest in chocolate, despite knowing how hard the stuff was to make. But she saw ‘lemon’, ‘Sage’s Grass’, ‘mint’, and ‘bithstone’ as flavors and was content to order a big bucket for after the lobster.
She was just about to let Gire get her basic ice cream and get a mix of lemon and bithstone, when Adetr swore. He jolted and Rose nearly leapt into the stall.
“Adetr! Don’t do that!”
Gire turned. She recognized the Steelfur warrior at a glance.
