8.52 MN
Page 7
“One of the Goblin Lords hit the coast. More Goblin tribes were joining the armies—they cut north, but they were massive. And the Antinium were attacking too, fighting Goblins, Drakes—our tribes were fighting too, of course. Most went to the Great Plains for shelter. Ours? We were cut off.”
The other Lomost Gnolls nodded. Most would have been children at the time, given their ages, but a few had been old enough to remember it. One of the older [Hunters] took over.
“Antinium armies fighting Drakes. Goblins wiping out entire cities. One tribe appeared near the Drake city closest to ours. That’s Bentill. Not that we’d have been that sad if they wiped out the city.”
“Honored Calar!”
Some of the other Gnolls were shocked. Irry just grunted. He whispered to Numbtongue.
“They hate our guts. Partly because of the Goblin thing. They also claim this is their land, despite our tribe having been in the region for ages. They used to be more friendly.”
Honored Calar went on.
“The Goblin Tribe knew where we were too. Goblin King rampaging—he hadn’t been killed by Arcsinger yet—and it seemed like they’d wipe us out too. Their Chieftain took the tribe forwards—we were backed into the hills, and Bentill was hiding behind their walls. Then…”
He spread his paws. Numbtongue waited, and leaned over his saddlehorn.
“Then what happened? Honored Calar?”
The Gnoll gave him a steady look.
“Nothing. Two more times Goblin armies came by; the Ghostly Hand tribe gave ‘em some warriors. They squabbled for four days, the second time. Later, when the Goblin King died—the Goblins knew it instantly. They packed up, vanished into the foothills—that’s the group there now. The rest split up. Into other tribes, I think. Most died.”
Numbtongue struggled to understand.
“So this tribe—Ghostly Hand. They didn’t do anything?”
“No. They never attacked. Our Chieftain and [Shaman] think what they were doing was protecting the city—or our tribe. From other Goblins attacking us. We did make contact a few times. There was fighting—Bentill still calls them monsters. We don’t have a treaty, but that’s how it works. We try to chase them away from roads and don’t ask for adventurers. They’re usually content to stay out of sight.”
Irry glared at the Ghostly Hand Goblins, who waved at him, grinning. They stared at Numbtongue. They knew he was a Hob. But they were patently confused and amused by the Skill disguising him.
“Hrr. I’ve never heard of that story.”
“No one believes it when I meet other Gnolls or travellers! But you must have one too, eh? How’d you meet Goblins at this inn?”
Numbtongue glanced past Irry as the other Gnolls riding with him perked up their ears. The female Gnoll gestured at his guitar with clear interest.
“You said you’re a [Bard]. Do you have any songs or is it just music, Numbtongue?”
The Hobgoblin looked at her. Then back at the long line of strange guests of the inn. Without a word, he slowly unslung the guitar. He normally hated to play on demand, and rarely, if ever, sang words to a song.
This time, unbidden, he began to strum as he rode along. He didn’t have a perfect song—and it occurred to him that more than the Redfangs, more than Liscor—this was the song he should have learned. How would you even begin? The Lomost Tribe and the Ghostly Hands…if you could believe that, it was strange.
His tale was a true story. It began something like this—and the Ballad of the Thirteen Redfangs was part of it. But—Numbtongue began composing something far longer. An epic. Which might start like this.
 
“On the hill outside of Liscor sits an inn
