8.52 MN
Page 9
Chosen by the [Innkeeper] who had made it all happen. He had seen her, you know. He had been there, when Klbkchhezeim returned and ordered the Soldiers to take the city as Skinner’s undead army overran the defenses.
He had killed a Crypt Lord there. Not alone; it had been filled with spears and other Soldiers had helped topple it. But he had killed it, tearing off its ‘head’. Later, he had seen Skinner die, by Goblins.
He had also seen the dungeon’s monsters, both below and above-ground. Face-Eater Moths? He couldn’t count how many he’d killed. Suits of enchanted armor? At least sixty had died in his presence, even if he hadn’t dealt the killing blow.
When the [Innkeeper] called, he had fought [Assassins] in the streets of Invrisil, following Xrn, the Small Queen. That had been an extraordinary moment, when he first saw the Small Queen. Even for him.
And he had lived longer than any other Antinium in the Free Hive that he had ever met, save for the Free Queen and Klbkchhezeim. Not that he talked. Not that they communicated.
He was six years old. A Soldier who had fought from the second day he had emerged from a Birther sac, till Belgrade had created his maze of traps—and even a bit after that. Despite that—until recently, until he had become an [Exemplar Warrior] and gained an aura—
He was only Level 15. That was because he was an Antinium with no name, and they did not level quickly. It was not that he had fought less than other warriors of higher level. In fact—the Soldier privately considered that he had more fighting experience than anyone but the little man in Bird’s hat.
He saw things. The others, Goblins and Antinium at least, noticed Bird was talking to someone. This Soldier? He noticed more. He was good at fighting. Soldiers were not actually good at fighting; that was just what other species believed. He was good at fighting because he had six years of nonstop practice.
But he was only Level 15. 17, now, with his class consolidation. It was the Soldier’s observation that the Free Queen was correct and the lack of a name and identity or maybe the Antinium’s nature meant they levelled slowly.
He could have vouchsafed this if she asked.
She’d never asked him. Klbkchhezeim had never noticed him. He looked for Aberrations, Antinium who expressed themselves. This Soldier just fought and obeyed. He had never stood out, never tried to do anything other than survive.
Then the [Innkeeper] had come and life had gotten better. He had eaten one of the first Acid Fly bowls and she had looked into his eyes and asked how it was. Soldiers and Workers stopped dying as much. Someone got rid of Klbkchhezeim. Aberrations virtually vanished.
So when Bird asked for volunteers, the Soldier had done something that would cut short his lifespan and stepped forwards. For the cute little white thing that stole everything but his meals. For the [Innkeeper]. He had still believed he would die, nameless, filling the gap in the lines so the Hobgoblins or others could do what had to be done.
But the tiny man had seen him and given him this. So the Soldier considered…perhaps.
Perhaps something. He couldn’t even put a name to it.
He was so lost in thought he didn’t notice Salkis until she trotted over.
“Er. Thank you.”
The Ghostly Hand Goblin was twisting in his grip, desperately tapping on the device he held. Which was like the devices the other Humans had in the inn. You see, this Soldier saw that too. You learned how to spot gaps in the inn’s wall, just like how you dodged traps when you were sent into the dungeon. Secret walls, magical tripwires…
