8.52 MN
Page 26
If not for that monster. She tried—the Drakes forcing the Lomost tribe back were attacking full-on, rather than slowly wearing them down.
“Now! Advance the spears! [Barbed Charge]!”
The [Soldiers] thundered forwards at the Gnolls. Then—their momentum slowed. The [Commander] saw the Gnolls accelerate in a howling attack. They hit the Drakes coming at them and it was her forces who vanished in a melee.
“[Countercharge].”
Her Skill vanished as someone not only ate, but reversed it. It wasn’t a rare Skill. She knew she was up against some kind of commander. Some kind of—
“[Granite Formation]!”
Another line turned into a holding action as the Gnolls tried to move forwards and attack it. In response? She saw Drakes staggering as the Gnolls’ clubs, axes, and their own weapons suddenly began to glow. Each blow sounded and looked like a bolt of lightning.
“[D-Defiance To The Last]! [Unit: Razor’s Edge]”
She ordered a stand. No Gnoll fighters would pass beyond that killing ground. In response? The Gnolls pulled back and a flight of arrows showered the empowered Drakes.
Someone was reading her tactics and casually, even contemptuously, beating them! And it was so fast—she was maneuvering an entire army with the aid of her command staff.
Somehow—they were all losing. Who could do that? Some great Gnollish [General]? A [Strategist]? Who…
She thought she saw him in her mind’s eye. A giant, laughing down at her. The [Commander] wobbled around, terrified, trying to see her foe. If she had thought of the name, realized who it might be, she would have instantly had it.
A giant.
The Titan of Baleros. 
But what good was the world’s greatest [Strategist] without an army? The Lomost Tribe was rallying, healing its wounded, and surging forwards. Still, the Bentill army was reforming. Beginning to close and dangerously encircle Numbtongue’s position. The [Commander]’s terror and losing the war of Skills didn’t account for the numbers difference. The Titan needed Numbtongue to keep fighting. To multiply his Skills and put the enemy into disarray.
He needed…
 
——
 
The Soldier left the wagon. Ulvama spun around; she had forgotten he was there. Paralyzed, he was the only fighter who hadn’t joined the fighting. She almost cursed at him—then stared.
“What. What did you do?”
He didn’t answer. The Antinium halted. Ulvama waved her arms, eyes bulging. Even Bird turned.
“Oh. That is new. What is your name?”
Niers Astoragon looked right. He saw the [Exemplar Warrior], the Free Antinium’s forgotten warrior, gaze up at him. Ulvama screeched—then he opened his mandibles.
“I. Hkve. Nne.”
Ulvama froze, arms raised. Bird’s mandibles opened.
“Soldiers don’t speak. I…how did you do that?”
It wasn’t speaking like Bird did. It was clicking, barely audible as a proper language. From vocal chords that were never configured for…
“Khere? W-kre?”
The Titan stared at the Soldier. He spun, pointed.
“There. The Gnolls are faltering. Hit them there and don’t let them overwhelm it!”
“You—”
The Antinium leapt down the hill. Ulvama stared at him. He charged down the slopes, so fast the Drakes fighting and pushing into the Gnoll lines despite Niers’ Skill saw him only as a blur.
Unlike Numbtongue, unlike the other attacks, they saw him. They began screaming.
“Antinium attack! Prognugator attack! New Antinium attacking!”
Their lines wavered in the face of him. Pivr, Xeu, Flying and Silent Antinium, the Painted Antinium—all looked around. The terrified Drakes pointed up, completely missing Bird the Hunter, at the horror of the Hivelands.
