8.52 MN
Page 4
Did he? What Chaldion saw, individual, conflicting motivations aside? He stared down at a glowing map of Izril.
Individual battle zones between Drake cities who wanted battle and had the most hostile relationships against Gnollish tribes in the region. Strike first if it’s going to be a fight.
“Idiots.”
But the thing about this kind of war was that other cities and tribes saw the fighting. And the potential for it to spread…he was watching a wildfire tossing embers into the sky.
“General Duln. I’m minded to pull the reforming 2nd Army into the city. I suggest the Assembly of Crafts votes to mobilize the 1st, 3rd, 4th, 5th, and 6th armies. Now.”
They were going to need…all of them. Of course, some of these battles had begun before this war council could even convene. Chaldion needed to put out fires in Pallass’ region of control.
Gnolls were dying. And if they died—Drakes would die too.
 
——
 
Six days ago.
 
It was as he dried his socks he realized a few things. Firstly, that it had been a while since he had to self-launder. Or that he needed a spare change of clothing; he had enchantments, spells, and a wardrobe under normal circumstances.
For that matter, his ‘socks’ were cut from a bit of linen meant for bandages. Hardly the kind of thing you really wanted.
Secondly? It was really hard to dry socks inside of a hat. Also, it didn’t do anything for the odor, or his good mood.
Niers Astoragon debated trying to make a fire to dry them, but he’d have to do it on Bird’s head. That aside, someone might ask why Bird’s hat was smoking.
Again.
It was amazing the kind of things you could get away with if you had Bird as your cover. He was so…unpredictable. For instance, Niers engineered strange situations. We’re running low on game? Oh—what’s this, a flock of geese? They just happened to be going that way? What a coincidence. Yes, how coincidental. Not like someone with [Battlefield Awareness] guided them towards that using Bird.
On the other hand…them nearly being found out by a suspicious Drake patrol who were beginning to see through the disguise Skill? Instead of a Niers-level solution, they were ambushed by a pack of evil geese because someone had shot their leader and it had landed on the patrol leader’s head—that was Bird.
There were a lot of bird-related deaths, was the point. Niers felt no sympathy for the Fraerling-eating bastards. He’d been nearly force-fed to baby hatchlings…
“Seven times in my life. That’s about three too many.”
Bird tilted his head and Niers went sliding across Bird’s smooth head. He kicked an antenna and Bird tilted his head back straight. The clothing line he’d strung between both antennae thankfully didn’t snap.
“I do not understand. Why is four an acceptable number of times to be nearly eaten by baby birds?”
“First time is for the experience. Second, you refine your crowd-fighting abilities. Third? You get to figure out your best escape tactics and you’re learning from your mistakes; how to fight off the parents, trick them, beat the children, escape the nest, and so on. The fourth time you deserve because it’s happened four times. The other three just suck.”
Bird nodded.
“I shall bear this in mind. I have not yet been abducted by giant birds and transported to their nest, but I have high hopes on this matter. I am told Rocs are very big.”
Niers stood there, head in his hands, as he was wont to do after hearing a Bird-ism. Not exactly in pain or exasperation. Just…amazement.
