8.52 MN
Page 34
“This is a very big jump. And I would know, I have watched Pivr.”
The Gnolls shuddered and jumped back as Pivr scuttled forwards.
“Hello. Pivr, socially friendly Antinium.”
Niers went on, ignoring Pivr.
“It will be Gnoll tribes versus Drake armies. Maybe some Gnoll tribes or cities will flip, but I think I am looking at a huge species war. I don’t think you’d disagree after this. Any rivalries—any excuse—and both sides will march on the other. To survive, we need to find other tribes in danger and link them up into a fighting force no group of cities will tangle with. And the more [Soldiers], the more dangerous I become.”
His eyes glittered.
“Then we break for the Meeting of Tribes or simply a port. Put our backs to the sea or a cliff. Hells, if it’s truly all Drakes starting the Third Antinium Wars the most idiotic way possible, we’ll have to take a harbor city. Carve out a nation and see how fast we can build walls until the Antinium come calling.”
Everyone was open-mouthed, listening to him. The Titan knew he was getting ahead of himself, but he had to take charge. He strutted along.
“Don’t mind the Antinium. Don’t mind the Goblins. Or rather—do mind them. Yes, I know they’re Antinium and Goblins, but they just pulled you out of the fire. That Goblin in particular was adamant we go down there and fight for your lives, not that I disagreed.”
He pointed at Numbtongue. Orni saw Niers look at her.
“You’re a sensible tribe. An interesting one. You can shake hands with Goblins—these are Free Antinum, by and large.”
Pivr lifted a feeler and opened his mandibles, and closed them slowly. Normen gave him a thumbs-up. He was learning.
“This is too much. Lord Astoragon, we will listen. But this…”
Niers nodded, and turned to the [Shaman].
“Take all the time you need, Chieftain. But I will do what we cannot wait on. Do you have [Message] scrolls, [Shaman]? We need them now for those warnings and that ransom.”
The [Shaman] hesitated, but Irry raised a paw.
“I could—”
“Go. Get me every [Message] scroll you have. Do you have a [Chief Warrior]? [Hunting Leaders]? Every Gnoll who’s not on guard—no, the Ghostly Hand tribe can watch them—get every one of them not grieving, wounded, or unconscious. Shaman, you stand there and think of every Gnoll tribe in the area. Chieftain Shaik.”
“Hah?”
She saluted, a bit mockingly, as Niers whirled to face her. His lips crooked and he gave her a salute in turn.
“Do you want to fight with us? If not, I’d advise you to think of a route away from here. Drake retaliatory armies will be on the way, adventurers too. I’ll split some of the things we took, arms and armor, but we need that ransom.”
The Ghostly Hand’s Chieftain was more up-to-speed than the shocked Gnoll Chieftain. She folded her arms.
“You’re the big [Strategist] from Baleros.”
Niers didn’t even blink.
“The biggest, the best. Accept no Tulms, Perorns, or Bannermares, with respect to all but Tulm. I’m away from my Great Company, as you can tell, but I’m up for side projects on the way back, and that might include saving as many tribes as possible from this disaster. Goblins too.”
She cocked her head, thinking. Then she pointed.
“You’re a funny little man. I like it. Thinking…maybe. Lots of danger, but Drakes attacked Lomost, so we fought.”
She shrugged.
“Good time. Decade of peace. Now time to die again.”
Shaik sighed. Scratched at her head. She was rather young, Numbtongue thought. Not like Rags-young, but…she glanced around.
“Goblins here. Big-important Goblins. So maybe we come. More survive if Titan keeps word.”
