8.52 MN
Page 40
Continental war was one step below the greatest of battlefronts—intercontinental conflicts. Technically, it was only south Izril…but that was a huge place. Intercontinental war? Well, the last time that had happened, the King of Destruction had launched attacks from Chandrar after beating every invasion force running.
“So what are we doing, Feshi? Going after them?”
“I—I can’t. Weatherfur needs me. Some of the tribes want to take the battle to the Drake armies, some want to just hold ground, and they have rivalries—but there will be fighting here.”
Yerranola nodded reasonably.
“Then we trust Wil and Merrik to do the smart thing and keep Venaz and Peki alive. Don’t obsess over it, Feshi. This is our battlefield.”
And they had work to do. Her friend calmed down as Yerranola stood up. Suddenly, the Selphid felt better. Just in time too.
“The Meeting of Tribes wasn’t designed as a defensive position. It’s flat. We need earthworks. Actual walls, defenses.”
Yerranola emerged from her tent, talking and arguing with Feshi. The Gnoll gritted her teeth.
“I know. We have countless Gnolls and lots of [Shamans]—but you can’t just start building a defensive line, Yerra.”
“Why not?”
“This is Az’muzarre’s land. Also, the Chieftains need to agree—”
“To make defenses? Feshi, I thought your people were smart. Let’s just grab some expert. Who would that be. Gaarh Marsh?”
“I—yeah.”
“They can build earthworks outside the Meeting of Tribes. Just a dirt-fort like the Professor had us do with [Geomancers]…are we the only two people thinking about this? Where are all the Gnoll [Generals] and [Strategists]?”
“They’re usually combined with [Chieftains]. Yerra, if the enemy reaches us here, it’s a worst-case scenario. The tribes won’t sit in forts; they’ll attack any Drake army on the march. It’s how they’ve won every war when the Drakes tried to push into the Great Plains.”
Yerra nodded reasonably and rolled her eyes.
“And so they have no fallback plan. Does that remind you of any historical defeats?”
Feshi hesitated and the Selphid patted her on the shoulder.
“Let’s call it a ‘just-in-case’ fort. The Drakes have the Walled Cities; the Gnolls should probably have had at least one big capital.”
“We used to.”
Feshi muttered. Yerra strode faster, trying to think. Diplomacy getting in the way of strategy. Yuck. She wasn’t in pain, but she couldn’t help but feel a pang in her host body’s stomach. After all…there was another name for this war neither she nor Feshi had used. Because that would be the worst scenario.
Interspecies war.
The question was if the Gnoll tribes were united enough to hold their ground. They certainly were if an army came marching at them. But going on the offense, fighting as one?
 
——
 
There was an undercurrent in the Meeting of Tribes. Sudden poison. It leaked in, amid the outrage and shock, and it lay there, a line of suspicion. Drawn by that damn Drake, with just words.
Traitors. Allies to the Walled Cities in engineering this plot. So, even as Gire sat, playing ‘Five Paws’ with Mrsha, where you tapped each other’s paws in a complex child’s game of reaction and basic tactics, she listened.
“Ekhtouch will not join Woven Bladegrass on an offensive attack, Chieftain Werri. If an army crosses the water-line…”
An old marking around the Great Plains, the furthest point which any [Shaman] could call water from the rivers crossing through the region. Often noted as an absolute border, which Drake forces could not cross.
