8.52 MN
Page 28
The [Sniper] was trying to place one of the longest-range shots he had. He saw an entire column of Drakes advancing on Snapjaw, who was urging Icecube up, but he had clearly wounded his legs. She had a sword. She was strong. But—
“Not that arrow. This.”
Badarrow nearly punched the Goblin yanking on him, but he saw it was one of the first Ghostly Hand Goblins he’d met. She had something.
A strange assortment. Octavia, hurling a Pepperspray Potion down, stopped, and stared as the Goblin hurriedly mashed a semi-transparent…
“What is that? A mushroom? I’ve never seen…”
The Goblin ignored her. Carefully, she coated the paste onto a simple steel arrowtip, and jabbered.
“Quick, quick—”
She had coated nearly the entire arrow with it when the strange glowing paste on the little stick she was using to slather it on…suddenly dropped off the stick and melded into the ground. The rest of it slowly sank through the little stone bowl and into the ground. Octavia’s eyes bulged.
“That’s some kind of ethereal effect! What in the—”
Then she focused on the object the Goblin held out to Badarrow. He stared at the glowing arrow.
The [Sniper] rose to his feet. He aimed out, mind suddenly clear.
[Eagle Eyes]. [Farshot Mastery]. [Doubled Range]. [Two Mile Shot].
He was building Skills. He felt his consciousness zoom in. Bird was pelting the Drakes, but they had shields and thick armor up. Badarrow thought of the best Skill to use. When he was younger—he had used this Skill.
[Shattershot]. Today? The Goblin [Sniper] spoke as he drew back, aiming for the center of them all.
“[Splintershot Arrow].”
The arrow arced up, a glow lost to all but Octavia, Badarrow, the grinning Ghostly Hand Goblin, and Niers. He watched it land, but couldn’t even see it as it sped through the air. He had to rely on his [Battlefield Awareness]. But he felt the effects as it landed.
The threat indicators of every Drake in a fifteen foot radius—
 
——
 
Snapjaw saw a glowing arrow land. It shot downwards, and a Drake [Shieldguard Warrior] cried out.
“Incoming enchanted! [Stonewall Shield]!”
His shield rose confidently. It was even enchanted. The arrow went straight for him, in the center of the formation. Snapjaw cursed—saw the arrow pass through the shield—the Drake’s chest—then explode into multiple copies which shot through the other Drakes and into the ground.
The [Eater] watched as, slowly and without a sound, every [Soldier] collapsed like puppets with their strings cut. The other Drakes backed up.
“They’re all—retreat!”
Icecube rose to his feet, whining. Snapjaw urged him to cover as more arrows from the enemy army sang down. But she stopped to blow a kiss up at her lover.
 
——
 
Niers Astoragon sat there for a second.
“I want that damn arrow. How did…?”
Then he refocused. The last act of the battlefield was taking place.
 
——
 
The Gnolls were fighting with the newcomers. Avoiding the Crimson Antinium, but clearly aware he was on their side. They actually covered the Goblins, shooting arrows into the Drake melee.
However, the [Commander] refused to retreat. To retreat was to invite a counter from the enraged Lomost tribe. It was to lose everything Bentill was counting on. Better to invite a slaughter on both sides.
Especially because her [Soldiers] weren’t dying. She had realized it and the flaw in Niers’ Skill revealed itself. This was why he didn’t use it.
If they had slaughtered even a fifth of the ‘dead’ fighters…
