8.52 MN
Page 14
Like…rainwater. Droplets of shadows gathered. Fierre went cross-eyed as a little orb of shadow gathered around Gothica’s finger.
“What th—”
The miniature bolt of shadows shot forwards and Fierre twisted amazingly in the saddle to avoid it. It shot past the pony’s head and struck the rocks with a faint crack.
“Dead gods, what was that? A spell?”
Fierre was hanging sideways in the saddle. She stared up at Gothica.
“Gothica, that was amazing! Was that your a—”
The [Goth] leapt on her and brought her, kicking and punching, down to the ground. Fierre unconsciously threw a punch and Garia shouted.
“Fierre, don’t—”
Fierre punched the shadows from Gothica’s parasol as the Goblin grabbed it and felt like she’d hit a wall of slime. Her fist slowed—Gothica grinned—
—And sent the Cave Goblin flying. Gothica bounced once, and Normen saw her smack into a horse’s hooves. Fierre stared at Gothica in horror, and heard the Goblin start screaming fury. She shot to her feet.
“Gothica, I am so sorry—”
And yet it was the manifestation of an aura’s powers. A serious aura. Ulvama eyed Gothica in shock.
“That’s…high class. Isn’t it? I’ve only seen manifestations of auras twice back in Nerrhavia’s Fallen.”
Octavia whistled. Ulvama nodded slowly. Bird began to trot over, speaking to Niers.
“I wish you had given me [Aura of the Bird]. I am sure I would have gotten it. Then I would fly and find Mrsha. That Soldier is having trouble with a name. I vote we give him the name of Jexishe. She would not mind because she does not exist, is this not so?”
“Bird.”
“I am also in need of going poo. Maybe I can give this hat to Fierre? She is currently beating Gothica.”
“Bird. Shut up. Stop the group. Now. We’re about to enter a battlefield.”
Bird froze. He heard Niers’ tone, turned his head, and raised his voice.
“Everyone! Halt!”
Fierre stopped at the odd note in Bird’s voice and Gothica stopped trying to bite her fingers off. The Gnolls, Numbtongue, everyone glanced at Bird, first in amusement. Until they saw him draw his bow and put an arrow to the string. Bird spoke, pointing with another hand.
Irry rubbed at his eyes. How did…? But then he saw the way the finger was pointing. Heard Bird’s voice.
“There is fighting over the ridge line. Two miles ahead of us. Gnolls versus a Drake army.”
The Lomost [Hunters] stared at him. Sergeant Gna looked away from the teasing Goblins. Salkis glanced up from the iPhone.
Inside Bird’s hat, Niers Astoragon put on his still-damp socks. His nerves sang. He heard it. He felt it. A familiar calling.
“You idiots. You stupid, shortsighted idiots. You did it. Well done.”
Irry galloped up the hill, and came back just as fast. He shouted, and half the Gnolls went to charge down the hill before Numbtongue and some of the others yanked them back. The Lomost tribe was under attack from an army from the Drake city of Bentill.
 
——
 
It shouldn’t have surprised anyone. Niers Astoragon listened to the argument, but he was speaking to Bird and Fierre, who were huddled with him.
“It makes sense. It completely makes sense with the Drake mentality. You saw what happened at the Meeting of Tribes. The Drakes have been implicated in the worst scandal in living memory.”
“But they want to attack the Gnolls and make it worse?”
Fierre didn’t understand. But then—for all she was a ‘Vampire’, she was young. The Titan smiled tightly.
