8.52 MN
Page 23
The [Pursuit Commander] saw one of her Oldbloods doing just that. She dove towards the ground—then twisted—and hit the ground without levelling out. Someone had hit her in the wing as she dove.
“Surround the flanking force! Wipe them out!”
The army was trying to do just that. Highly dangerous combatants or not, they were outnumbered by a huge margin. The Gnolls saw the pressure abating and pushed back, but once the attack was dealt with…
Something was wrong. The Bentill Drakes saw the new group pushing in…and they weren’t falling. What was…?
 
——
 
Dirtmouth spat a cloud of dust into the face of her first foe, and ran them through. But she couldn’t pull that trick more than once. The Redfang was no Numbtongue with a magic sword. Hers was just steel and she had chainmail—
But the next warrior who she met was some kind of veteran. He charged into her.
“[Bull’s Ram]!”
She went flying backwards as the others fought around her, running into [Lineholders] and other classes. This Drake was huge and he or she was fully armored. They tried to bring an axe down, armored gauntlets flashing.
On her back, Dirtmouth desperately raised her arms. She wasn’t going to be able to bl—
The battleaxe touched her chest and she forced it back with a roar. The Drake staggered as she shot to her feet.
“Damned Goblins—”
They whirled their axe. Dirtmouth saw the slash and leaned back. She blinked. Then she raised her sword and slashed. This time the Drake staggered.
Stronger. [Hob’s Strength]? Behind the Drake, Dirtmouth saw one of the Workers overpowering his opponent, raining down blows with a maul and shattering the other’s guard.
[Hob’s Strength] plus…
The axe on the backswing nearly hit her again, but she twisted and it cut into her side, tearing the chainmail—but not deeply. Why? The Drake backed up, confused.
The glowing silver paint on Dirtmouth’s skin flashed. She grinned at the second layer of magical armor. The veteran soldier swore. Yet even that didn’t explain why…he saw Dirtmouth blur at his neck and raised his guard too slowly.
 
——
 
“[Unit: Speed Raid].”
The sudden increase in speed caught them off-guard. Niers saw Fierre misjudge her timing and slam into an opponent before recovering. He lowered his finger.
“Keep up the pressure. Ulvama. Throw an invisibility spell on Numbtongue!”
She glared at him, but then began to chant, waving her claws. Niers switched focuses.
“Gnoll lines are reforming. Bird, one more Oldblood over there. Hit her. Bird? Bird?”
The Antinium still had Niers on his head. He lowered his bow slightly. Four Oldbloods, all downed. Bird stared down at them.
“I have killed them.”
“Hit the last one. Force coming up the ridgeline! Riders and infantry! Alchemy 1, hit them!”
“Aaah!”
A scream answered him as Badarrow’s archers pelted the advancing Drakes. Octavia and some of the smaller Goblins rose from their cover—before Badarrow shouted at them to stay low—and tossed their alchemical vials.
They were safe. The Drakes were caught completely off-guard and the Tripvine bags and sticky vials slowed them. Badarrow drew an arrow and downed one [Soldier]—then another—with pinpoint shots through the eyes.
“Snapjaw, the archers are readying a volley. Drop.”
Niers barked through a Skill. He saw below him, in his mind’s eye of the battlefield, Numbtongue suddenly vanish. Ulvama wiped at her brow, panting with the effort of casting through her magical paints, but now there was an invisible Hobgoblin with a crystal sword slashing through the Drakes.
“Timer on the invisibility spell?”
“I don’t know! Fifteen seconds?”
