8.52 MN
Page 6
“We have not fought yet.”
“Good. Sometimes that’s the adventure you want. Listen, Bird…I’m keeping my ears open. We’ll visit this tribe, and keep moving. Either way, you’re stuck with me for at least a week or two more, so I can finish training you. I’m interested, especially in that Antinium with the aura.”
They were projects. From Snapjaw to Fierre to Ulvama, and Gothica especially—their new auras and abilities were interesting to Niers. But he had to keep moving. They’d lost Mrsha, and thus the band, the fellowship, was in jeopardy of simply losing their way. Better to send them back than get them killed.
Bird nodded slowly. He peered ahead as the Gnoll [Hunters] led them towards their tribe’s home, set around the foothills these alternative Goblins had come from. Niers put his bare feet up as his socks dried and decided to cut another ventilation hole.
“Bird, we’ll get Mrsha. Trust me. I think we’d know if she died. You can’t believe you’ll be the force that finds and saves her, though. It’s like I told Jexishe at the Battle of the Braves—sometimes you have to play second-fiddle to the real heroes of the day.”
“…I believe you are lying. Are you? Please tell me. I am getting confused…”
 
——
 
The Lomost Gnolls were strange. Numbtongue felt he could say that. There was weird like Bird, who was slapping his top hat for some reason…Numbtongue turned and stared at the Antinium, then back to his riding companion.
“Irry.”
“Hm? What’s up, brother?”
The Gnoll grinned at Numbtongue, who was another Gnoll as far as he could tell. It was amazing—and disturbing—how powerful Bird’s Skill was.
Numbtongue wanted it. He wanted it with everything he had—and he didn’t want it at all because he felt he shouldn’t have to hide. It was that kind of complicated feeling. Also, Numbtongue was fairly certain this wasn’t Bird’s power, and Snapjaw and Badarrow both agreed. Ulvama wouldn’t tell them what she suspected, but the senior Hobs weren’t idiots. Bird was Bird, but he wasn’t Erin.
“Explain it to me again. Why are you…fine with Goblins?”
Numbtongue glanced over his shoulder at the strange Goblins who had the white handprint on their clothing or skin. They grinned and waved at him. Irry eyed him.
“Why’re you okay with them, Numbtongue? I’m more shocked, frankly.”
“I…know Goblins. From an inn. At Liscor. They come in as guests.”
“Liscor. Liscor…oh, the northern Drake city. I’ve heard it coming up recently. That’s a strange inn.”
“You have no idea.”
Numbtongue smiled sadly, and Irry glanced at him, then gestured at his hunting party.
“It’s not my choice. Not that I think they’re more than pests—they will steal your supplies, and if they don’t like you, they’ll toss crap all over your tents. But these Goblins’re not like ones elsewhere, either. It was ten years back. The Second Antinium Wars. The Goblin King’s war.”
Numbtongue’s ears perked up. He glanced at Irry.
“He fought in the north.”
“And Goblins invaded the south. You must’ve grown up in Liscor. Humans like to talk about it. But brother, your [Shaman] never told you ab—ah, City Gnolls.”
Irry shook his head. He glanced at some of the other [Hunters] and one of them, a female Gnoll, grinned at Numbtongue.
“Don’t mind Irry. He’s never set foot in a city. A real [Savage].”
She winked at him, and Numbtongue resisted the urge to blush. Because he felt it was that kind of wink. But it was more surprising than anything else to see a Gnoll do that.
Irry sighed, but he went on.
