8.52 MN
Page 32
“What? No, I just—I—I—”
Fierre saw Garia look over from getting her cuts checked. Salkis just grinned at her.
“You’re awesome.”
“Um. T-thanks?”
 
——
 
That was the scene. The fellowship of the ‘we didn’t actually die’, sitting around on the elevated ridgeline, reclining on rocks, fishing food and supplies out of the wagon and packs, chatting—being alive.
Some, like Gothica, were recuperating. She had been healed, but the nasty knock on her head meant she wouldn’t be walking around any time soon. Others, like Ulvama, were eating, literally face over baskets of food.
To be fair, she’d earned it, since she’d cast so much magic, and those not tending to urgent needs, or processing what had happened like Infinitypear, stood with the little man who had perched himself on top of a rock close to head-height.
To this moment came the Gnolls of the Lomost Tribe. A Chieftain, limping, supported by Irry and another Gnoll, slowed as she saw the short Goblin and the Hob regarding each other.
“Chieftain Shaik.”
The Lomost Tribe’s Chieftain looked at the Goblin who’d ridden the spider. She glanced over.
“Chieftain Orni. You alive? Good.”
“And this is…”
Both Chieftains stared at the tiny man. He gave Chieftain Orni a formal bow.
“Niers Astoragon, Titan of Baleros. At your service, Chieftains Shaik, Orni.”
He gave the Goblin a sardonic glance. She blinked at him as her tribe of Goblins of the Ghostly Hand tribe surrounded Badarrow, whom they recognized—and Dirtmouth, a Redfang too.
…And they kept as far away from Snapjaw and Numbtongue as possible. For different reasons. They glared at Snapjaw.
Numbtongue? Some of the Goblins regarded him with a kind of respect. But Chieftain Shaik stared at Numbtongue and the [Soulbard] shifted.
There was a lot to unpack. Yet Niers Astoragon stood at the center of it all, watching. Assessing. He had not gone back in Bird’s hat. You couldn’t put the Fraerling back in the hat. They’d stab you. It stank in there. Mushrooms were beginning to grow.
“I…I feel as though I am dreaming. A terrible dream. First the news of the Drakes. Then an attack—Bentill has betrayed us. Yet we were rescued by…the Titan of Baleros? And our allies.”
Chieftain Orni had to sit down, heavily. She was wounded across the shoulder and either there hadn’t been enough potions or…
“Chieftain Orni. Please. A healing potion?”
“Give it to my warriors, please. We used up so many…and many died, but it would have been a true massacre had you not intervened. You…Goblins. And…”
The Chieftain glanced at Bird and flinched. He smiled, and the Gnolls rustled. Even the Ghostly Hand Goblins eyed him.
“I am Bird. Hello. I am friendly. Like Jexishe, the Friendly Creler.”
Niers covered his face. Orni and Shaik eyed Bird, and even his companions had to look at him. But then the Titan spoke.
“Do you need more guards to mind the Drake prisoners, Chieftain Orni? Thank you for complying with my requests.”
She blinked at him.
“Of course. I…I do not think we can hold so many. Bentill is too close, and we are too few, now.”
She pointed below, at where a huge prisoner camp of the surrendered [Soldiers] and the ‘dead’ had been compiled. Niers had assured the Gnolls the Drakes who’d been killed while under his Skill would wake in exactly twenty four hours from the moment the blow had happened. They could still die of lack of oxygen, though, so they were lined up on the ground.
