8.52 MN
Page 43
Both were Drowned Folk, incidentally, one Human, one Drake. But they were also part sea-folk, so they weren’t as hostilely regarded. Mrsha saw one huge eye blink at her as the Drake with long tendril arms—three on his Drowned Folk side—reached for a cleaver, a pot lid, and the cage with the fresh ingredients.
“What’s that you want?”
He didn’t have the same resonance as Seborn’s voice, but the half-Squid Drowned Drake was a fascination to Mrsha. Gire answered for her.
“Um…it looks really good. All of it. Mrsha, what are we getting?”
The Drowned Man saw the strange Gnoll girl point to one of the items listed. The [Stall Owner] blinked.
“An entire grilled lobster?”
“And that!”
The girl insisted. The [Chef] grinned.
“Spiced lobster tail? I cut off the tail, prepare it—and the rest’s the Sailor’s Grill? You have expensive tastes, little girl. Can you pay for it?”
For answer, the Gnoll girl reached into her bag of holding and slapped a gold coin on the counter. She stared challengingly at the [Chef], who laughed uproariously, then read the piece of paper she pushed over the counter.
My friend’s a [Rogue] who was at sea. He is a Drowned Man. I also know a [Pirate].
“Ah, you know a Drowned Man? And a [Pirate]? Well, I’ll give you the best lobster we have, then. How about…this one?”
He pulled out a big lobster. Mrsha brightened up. Gire licked her lips.
“M-Mri. You can’t eat all of that, can you? I guess I’ll have to eat the rest…”
Mrsha nodded, smiling at her big friend who looked alive again. Salivating as the [Chef] asked how spicy Mrsha wanted her food.
“It’ll take twelve minutes. [Fast Boiling] on the water…come back within thirty or it’ll lose the taste, got it? I won’t forget your faces.”
Mrsha nodded. Then she grabbed Gire’s hand and pointed.
Onwards, then!
“We’re not going to wait for it?”
Mrsha the Impatient gave Gire a look of scorn. Wait? For twelve minutes? She had to grant the Drowned Man chef that it might be fascinating to watch, but she had scented something else on the breeze.
No lobster snack is okay without second snacks! Buy that, buy that!
She pointed instantly at another cart, where a specialized half-Elf vendor was selling a very peculiar stock.
“All the way from Terandria! Gelato! Special containers—it’ll last for up to four hours so long as you keep it away from heat!”
She had come from Terandria, at great time and effort, travelled all the way to the Great Plains with her cargo and knowhow, and paid for the recipe and materials. It was a huge expense—and this particular half-Elf had recouped her expenses in the first day. She was here after months doing victory laps and establishing her savings fund for retirement.
“Is that…ice magic?”
Mrsha stared at the half-Elf. There was a reason she’d been drawn to the half-Elf, although she seemed nothing like Ceria. Oh, they were both half-immortal Elves, but this woman was far older, with wrinkles, and even reddish hair.
“Hello there. Are you interested in a bit of gelato? Ice cream? It’s not cheap, but I can sell you a scoop. Just one second while I finish this order.”
The half-Elf was creating something amazing for a customer. Children watched, although most couldn’t afford to buy even a scoop of the stuff without getting a silver coin from their parents. Mrsha saw a big dollop placed in the center of what the half-Elf was creating.
A basin of frozen ice, which she made out of water set into a wooden mold. She closed the simple lid and offered the entire thing to the Gnoll waiting to run it over to his Chieftain’s tribe.
“And it won’t, uh, melt?”
