8.52 MN
Page 13
“Peh. Your style? I do better now.”
Fierre debated picking up Gothica—no, Gothica and her pony—and throwing them off the side of the road. She snapped back.
“Well, I’m looking into your class, so do me a favor? Take off your, uh, clothes.”
She slowed down as she realized the implication of that last bit. Normen and Alcaz looked up and then away. Gothica raised her eyebrows. Fierre tried to clarify.
“I mean, get rid of the clothes. Put on some other clothes, brighter, and try using your Skills. Okay? Then we can establish if it’s related to the [Goth] class. How about it?”
Gothica considered the question amiably. She nodded, smiled, stared Fierre in the eye, and replied.
“Make me.”
Fierre twitched.
“Gothica, I know you’re being…but I could make you, so can we at least talk about it?”
Gothica thought about it.
“No.”
She began to ride ahead, smugly. Fierre heard the other Goblins go, ‘ooooh’.
“Fierre? You okay?”
Garia raised her head from where she and Fals were plotting more travel routes, to show Snapjaw when she returned. She gave Fierre a concerned look, because she had noticed a commonality in Fierre and Ryoka.
They both had a temper. Fierre smiled at Garia, waved, and rode forwards until Gothica was in arms-reach. Gothica eyed her. Fierre smiled like the sun—that burning ball of fire that turned your skin to blisters in minutes—
Her hand shot out and grabbed Gothica’s parasol. The Goblin yelped and Fierre felt a twinge of pain.
“Fierre! She put blades on the—”
Normen shouted. Fierre winced—she remembered that, but she tightened her grip and yanked up. What was metal or glass to a Vampire, a real Vampire?
Up Gothica came, holding onto the parasol and kicking at Fierre.
“Let go!”
“Up your butt!”
The Goblin shouted back, with an amazing display of colloquial language acquisition. She started kicking at Fierre’s face, but the Vampire girl shook her so hard that Gothica let go. She hit the dirt as her pony stopped.
“There. Now, will you listen t—”
Fierre turned and realized dominance had not been established. Because a furious Goblin leapt onto her own pony, and began to punch, claw, and bite. Fierre yelped and tried to ward her off as the pony panicked.
The sight of the two fighting over the parasol made Numbtongue sigh and stop playing again. He saw Badarrow riding over to break up the second Goblin fight, as the Soldier sat there on the wagon, paralyzed by the first choice he had to make himself, and just as Salkis opened the photos and videos app on Ryoka’s phone and began to really freak out.
Into this moment, Niers Astoragon, Titan of Baleros, saw it happen. He rose to his feet, staring. Bird stared too.
“Give it back!”
“Say you’re sorry for mocking me!”
“Up your butt twice!”
The two were fighting and the Vampire was winning. She was stronger, faster, even under sunlight, and she was taller and heavier than Gothica—a very rare experience. The enraged Cave Goblin wasn’t about to take this lying down, though—but as Fierre kept shoving her off, she realized there was no way she was going to get her precious parasol back by force.
So she stood back, as Fierre grinned mockingly, keeping the parasol high out of reach and the other hand blocking Gothica like the first [Footballer]—a class that had not been invented yet.
Yet. But Gothica’s eyes flickered and trailed towards the parasol, now devoid of its shade effect. The crimson glare narrowed. She raised her finger and Bird saw the faint shadow under it condense.
