8.52 MN
Page 48
Food united Gire and Mrsha, but could you eat food forever? Adetr sighed, but picked at the french fries as Rose asked Mri what she’d been doing. She nearly slipped a few times, but Gire was flawless in keeping Mri’s name out there.
“Mri and I are finding things to do.”
Mrsha agreed, signing—Rose could sort of get what Mrsha said after some second-hand exposure, and Mrsha could always write a note to clarify or have Gire translate.
It was hard. The blunt truth of it was that Gire and Mrsha liked each other, but Mrsha playing tag with Gire was like…Visma trying to play tag with Relc in full Relc-mode.
That was Gire’s problem with everyone, to be fair. You actually needed Relc at his best to give Gire a challenge. She was flawless.
[Paragon]. Adetr watched Gire with one eye.
“Are you going to fight when Ekhtouch takes to the front? Steelfur refuses to advance unless a Drake army violates the water line.”
Gire stopped speaking for a second. She swallowed slowly, and fumbled with her food.
“I…suppose Chieftain Firrelle will tell me to.”
Adetr blinked at her.
“You don’t want to level?”
Rose looked between him and Gire. The [Paragon] sighed.
“I haven’t killed people. I don’t want to. But if Ekhtouch fights—I’m old enough to fight. I might have to.”
“You haven’t? You’re one of the greatest warriors of Ekhtouch. Don’t be a coward.”
Adetr snapped, seeming irritated. Instantly, Rose smacked his head and shouted in pain. It was like hitting a metal pole.
“Adetr! Don’t tell Gire that! She’s only fifteen!”
Mrsha ducked, but Adetr wasn’t fun at all. For proof, he hadn’t taken a drink of water and didn’t perform the old Winebreath Blaster. He just blinked, and, like a normal person, stared at Gire.
“You’re what?”
He turned to Rose. She folded her arms as Gire doodled on the table.
“That’s right. Gire shouldn’t be fighting at all! Who makes a fifteen year old fight?”
Adetr hesitated. He was clearly stunned by the revelation, but he replied after a second.
“I was joining patrols when I was fourteen. You’re fifteen and you’re…”
Gire and Rose and Mrsha looked at Adetr. Rose shook her head.
“That’s insane. No one should be fighting that young. The minimum age on E—where I come from is sixteen!”
Gire’s ears perked up and she exchanged a look with Mrsha. Adetr snorted, but his ears had perked up.
“And how old are you?”
“Eighteen. What’s it to you?”
He eyed her.
“I am nineteen years old. I thought you were older. Are you telling me none of you have fought and killed enemy warriors?”
He glanced around. Gire shook her head. Rose shook her head. Mrsha sat back and gave Adetr a long look. He eyed her.
“What’s with her? Does she speak or not?”
“Mri’s voice is hurt.”
“Right. What’s this…?”
Mrsha held up a card.
 
I’ve killed Face-Eater Moths, fought Crelers, Raskghar, and evil [Witches], rookie. Bow down to Mrsha the Warrior!
 
She triumphantly held the card out. Adetr stared at it. Gire stared at the card—Mrsha was holding it out away from her, but she read the lines of ink through the thin paper.
“Mri!”
Adetr’s mouth opened. He focused on the card and Rose stared in horror at Mrsha’s name. Adetr stood up abruptly, just as an arguing duo walked by. Feshi saw Adetr pointing at Mrsha and froze.
“Oh no.”
“You fought Crelers? Raskghar? Where?”
Rose covered her face as Mrsha snatched the card back. Adetr leaned over the table. But Gire’s eyes lit up as Mrsha, relieved, put her feet up on the table. She waved for Rose to break out the ice cream. Darn, she should have bought more food. Mrsha idly scribbled with one paw. She supposed she could tell the story.
