8.52 MN
Page 20
Xeu looked around as the Antinium slowly walked past her. She hesitated, staring at Bird. Fals hung back, Octavia, Fierre…everyone else watched Bird. Gothica adjusted her parasol and drew a shortsword; Apista landed on top of the parasol, fanning her wings defiantly.
“Madness.”
The Soldier with no name didn’t know who said it. He agreed. Orders were one thing. But this? This? Even he knew he had no chance of surviving going down there, and they were not all fools. Why risk their lives to no end? He knew there was another force at play, but the others made this choice without understanding it.
Why? He peered down at the paints, paralyzed. Ulvama was going down the line of Goblins, Antinium, even Garia and Gna, applying her magical paints. Even Ulvama.
“Madness? Madness.”
Bird stood there, like he had lost his mind. He turned to face the others. Numbtongue glared at him as Snapjaw pulled herself onto Icecube’s back. But the Frost Wyvern didn’t move when she kicked his sides. He was…staring.
Not at her. Not at the battlefield below filled with meat and blood and danger. The Wyvern was focused on Bird.
Pyrite’s ghost grunted. Numbtongue’s eyes finally found the spot most of the others were gazing at. Normen fixed blankly on the others. Why were they all focused on…
“Madness? We’re all mad. Standing by while someone’s killing someone else? That’s madness. Risking your life for someone you don’t know? For gold? Madness. There’s no one sane in the world.”
Bird’s voice was changing. Deepening. Desyncing with Bird’s mandibles. It went on, as the others started, as even the Lomost [Hunters] caught on.
“Helplessness is one thing. Bravery is moving. Doing what you believe in. You have conviction. You have no power. Not enough power. And yet you’ll still go down there.”
He laughed at them. He clapped his hands. He was grinning. Almost dancing.
“That is what makes you different. That is what separates you from the rest. Madness. Righteousness. I knew I liked you all from the start. You have only your convictions, you stupid little children.”
“Bird?”
Garia blinked at him. She saw Bird reach up with two hands. He lifted his hat up. He cast a mocking glance over his shoulder at Xeu, Octavia, the soldier with no name, Fals, and the others. Everyone else? Even those who’d suspected something. Even the ones who had seen the worst and best of what Erin Solstice could conjure.
They stared up at the laughing man. Salkis’ mouth opened wide, then wider. Gna fell off her horse and hit the ground with a thud. Badarrow, Numbtongue—glanced at Ulvama, whose eyes were bulging. At Pivr, whose wings were fanning with clear disbelief. Garia choked.
“The—the Titan of—”
His eyes shone. He laughed, that little legend. He shouted down at them.
“Now—will you risk it all? I will give you the rest.”
 
——
 
They came down the slopes in a blaze of sudden light. The Drake [Soldiers] stared up at the sunburst of color, the flash of magic.
“Enemies spotted!”
The [Commander] of Bentill’s army glanced up, hidden behind the lines of [Soldiers]. To prevent Gnolls sniping her.
“It must be one of their hunting parties. Looks like a [Shaman] in the mix.”
The odd display of colored magic was no [Light] spell. The idiots had given their position away. She thought she saw [Archers] heading up across the ridgeline.
“Superior vantage. Send an Oldblood after them?”
“And get them shot? You idiot. Two mounted wings and [Shield Warriors]. Flush them out and keep them off our backs.”
“Yessir.”
