8.52 MN
Page 41
Her mind clicked to these facts as Mrsha tried to slap one of her paws. She kept missing, and Gire didn’t attack Mrsha’s own paws. The Gnoll girl slapped with both paws and Gire’s paw blurred left and right.
“Then we will go with Tribes who will prevent that from happening, Chieftain Firrelle. When an army does march, I hope you will join the defense.”
Firrelle’s voice was cold as she spoke to another Chieftain—the fierce leader of the new Woven Bladegrass tribe.
“Rest assured, Ekhtouch will be there, Chieftain Werri.”
The other Chieftain stalked away with a group of Gnolls representing other tribes. Gire thought of the conversation.
Then Woven Bladegrass would be conducting its own battles with its alliance. At the same time, other tribes would hold the Great Plains, responding to an incursion. They were all on the same side…but tribes would fight and die with only their closest allies, rather than forming one unified army.
In that case—what side was Ekhtouch on? Gire stared at Mrsha and hoped it was Silverfang’s. But—
“I’m Mri. Stop! Stop!”
Mrsha, exasperated, toggled her speaking stone. She pointed at Gire’s paws which she had been unable to tag once after an entire minute.
“No one beats me at Five Paws, Mrsha. I could close my eyes and only use one hand. Sometimes the children can touch me—but they’re the ones who’re the best at Triumphs. I don’t think you can do it.”
Mrsha’s eyes narrowed. Her paws blurred.
Don’t you mock me, you giant Yellat! I am Mrsha the Great and Terrible. Take—
Her two-armed attack missed Gire’s one paw. Gire lifted it up, moved it left, right, as Mrsha punched and furiously struck at her paw, trying to touch Gire’s palm-pad. She missed. In her fury, she launched into a flying kick at Gire’s stomach.
Take th—
Gire caught her by one leg. Mrsha dangled there upside-down and saw the nine-foot tall Gnoll give her a reproachful look.
“Kicking me is cheating.”
Mrsha tried to punch Gire, but her flailing limbs were far too short to reach the [Paragon]. Realizing she was failing even there, she reached for something. Gire saw her draw a wand and—
[Mudball]!
An orb of mud shot forwards at Gire’s face. Mrsha felt the [Paragon] let go. She landed and saw Gire dodge the [Mudball] at point blank range. She swung her head just under it, and a foot rose, sweeping sideways and up like—
Like Ryoka’s best kick. Only it wasn’t a spinning hook but a roundhouse, the shin coming towards Mrsha’s head with bone-crushing force—
Gire halted well clear of Mrsha and frowned.
“Don’t do that, Mrsha. I nearly kicked you.”
Mrsha stared at the giant leg. She nodded slowly and raised her paws.
Five Paws was a stupid game, anyways. For children. Only someone without class or dignity would try too hard to win or cheat.
Gire yawned. Mrsha saw her sit back down, cross legged.
“Okay. I forgive you. What do you want to do next?”
Mrsha sat there, panting a bit. She had done her best, but Gire had truly not even been strained, even by Mrsha’s most underhanded Lism-tactics. Her [Mrsha Kick], developed from the Relc-school of fighting arts, had done nothing!
It was true what Gire had said this morning. Even this game with Mrsha the Incredibly Athletic…was making the [Paragon] bored. For the first time, she was patently bored but, like the growing girl she was, clearly trying to make herself look interested for Mrsha’s benefit.
“We can play other games if you want. Like football.”
