8.52 MN
Page 37
He struggled.
“…Mrsha is in danger. We need to help her. Maybe you lead the army, we go?”
Niers shook his head.
“Go where? Without me you’d never have gotten this far. Stick with me, Numbtongue. We’ll have [Trackers], information, and other tribes on our side. But mostly, this is the best way to save Mrsha. I would know. I am a [Strategist].”
He tapped the side of his head, ironically. Then folded his hands behind his back. His eyes began to twinkle.
“Besides, now we’ve got her, we do need to keep her safe. Her and her companion. I really want to know how those hunters go after her with a Gnoll tribe guarding her, but I want it put out—no one harms Mrsha, got it?”
Ulvama looked blankly at him. Numbtongue’s brows crossed. Bird tilted his head.
“Niers has lost his mind. We do not have Mrsha. I would notice.”
“Shut up, Bird. Didn’t you see her in camp?”
“…Is this like Jexishe? Is she invisible? Why am I being lied to?”
Bird ran outside, angrily. Then he stopped. Uttered a swear-word Niers had no idea he knew. Ran back inside.
“Mrsha is out there.”
Numbtongue nearly bowled him over. He ran out, stared at the white Gnoll sitting there, stared at the adult white Gnoll, and ran back inside.
“That’s not Mrsha.”
Bird paused from running around screaming to poke his head out. He walked outside, and came back as Ulvama blinked. Then she realized what was going on and looked at Niers with something like respect.
“No, that is not Mrsha.”
Niers Astoragon chuckled. Ulvama glowered at him.
“That’s my paint.”
“Well, I’ll damn well pay you for it. Yes, Numbtongue. We have Mrsha. And if anyone wants to kill her, well, they’d better bring a real army.”
The [Bard]’s eyes widened as he caught on to what Niers was saying. The Titan smiled tightly.
“If you can’t get to her to save her, you might as well take the heat of the pursuit, eh? The official stance of every tribe who links up with us, along with ‘Drakes are not going to kill us’, is ‘Doombringers are fine’. And we’ll let our volunteers walk around safely away from any [Snipers] or [Assassins].”
Orni stared at Niers, and Shaik cackled with delight.
“Ah, chessmaster!”
Niers gave her another salute. Who needed chess when you could play on this many levels? He exhaled, slowly.
“Alright. I’ve finally got a good position. We’ll keep my name hidden for now. Nothing like amateur [Armchair Generals] for overconfidence if they have a simple numerical advantage. Now let’s go kick some heads in.”
 
——
 
That was six days ago. Chaldion of Pallass stared at the map of ongoing conflicts. It was just a hunch, which no one else was privy to.
Connect the dots. The Titan of Baleros was on Izril, but like someone of his size, people forgot about his presence far too fast. As if a Giant stopped moving and suddenly turned invisible.
A suspicious turnaround victory…rapid mobilization. It could just be luck, unforeseen factors, and there were certainly many, many elements at play that Chaldion had no control over.
Even so. Six days of march time was not a boon you gave to a poor [Strategist]. To the Titan?
Of course, it was not a given that the Titan would be Pallass’ enemy. On the contrary, Chaldion had the feeling the Titan was not about to support wholesale massacres of Gnoll tribes. It could be interests aligned, at least along the intersection that brought the entire tale back around Liscor.
