8.52 MN
Page 36
“…I’m the Titan of Baleros, Bird. I’ve revealed myself and taken charge of at least the Lomost Tribe. We’re organizing to link up with other tribes.”
The Antinium smiled brightly.
“Yes, but I said I was in charge at the start of this adventure.”
“That was at my behest, Bird.”
“Yes, but I said so. Therefore I am still in charge. So what are we doing? I will tell you if you can do this. Which is probably yes because you are smart, but I am in charge.”
He walked over and put all four hands on the table. Niers looked at Ulvama.
“Hex him for me.”
The [Shaman] grinned. Niers walked around the map, sighing.
“The goal’s not changed. The method has, but the goal has not. In fact, I regard this as a net positive since we lost Mrsha’s trail.”
Bird frowned with his mandibles and antennae. So did Ulvama.
“What do you mean? We are now joining Gnoll tribes. That is not saving Mrsha. We cannot move fast, you said.”
“Oh, we’ll move fast for an entire tribe. Just not at the pace I want. And we’re still doing that. Saving Mrsha, that is. Keep up.”
The Titan had a twinkle in his eyes. Ulvama looked at him as more figures entered the tent. In came Shaik, Orni, who appeared more composed after a rest, Numbtongue, Badarrow, and Snapjaw, who stood well clear of Shaik. A few more Hobs and Gnolls walked in.
“Welcome to the first war council. I’ve outlined the basic course we’re going to take as soon as that ransom rolls in and we’re patched up. We break camp, we take everything, find other tribes, and go. But as I was saying, this is to protect the Lomost tribe and Ghostly Hand tribe…but also to accomplish some selfish goals.”
The Gnolls and Goblins exchanged looks. Niers explained.
“This band came together to go after a little Gnoll girl who was kidnapped. It comes from Liscor and it’s the reason so many disparate factions are working together. I will be honest; that will still be our mission, but I promise you that I will not endanger us all unnecessarily if I can. But that is my goal.”
“A Gnoll child?”
Orni started. It was Shaik who narrowed her eyes.
“Ah. Mrsha. Little cute white Gnoll.”
Everyone made fish-eyes at her, but she just snorted.
“We watch scrying orb. Liscor? You have soccer balls?”
Niers snorted.
“The scrying orbs? Wistram has them bugged.”
He ignored Shaik swearing in alarm, but went on.
“Yes. A white Gnoll girl. Who is not a ‘Doombringer’, and I would dearly like to talk with a [Shaman] about that. But our mission is to rescue her from whoever’s got her, or find her, and certainly protect her from a bunch of [Hunters] who have made it their job to kill a little girl whose only fault is that she steals people’s food. If you have reservations, kindly state them now and I’ll stab you and get it over with.”
His audience looked at each other, mostly the Lomost tribe. Orni shook her head slowly.
“There are…reasons. And danger, Lord Astoragon. But this is greater than one Doombr—we would not object to that.”
Niers smiled tightly. Excellent. From the way the [Shaman] shifted, intelligence was present. An army—he glanced at the Goblins. Two armies, with unique abilities, and it furthered his goals of investigating the Goblins anyways.
This was what he needed. But as Ulvama and Bird had said—Numbtongue fixed Niers with a look.
“I don’t know you. You were in Bird’s…hat. You’re the Titan of Baleros.”
“And you’re Numbtongue. I saw you back at the inn, but only Mrsha knew about me. We can reminisce later. Do you have a point now?”
The Hobgoblin hesitated. Then he pointed at the map.
“This isn’t saving Mrsha. This is an army. This is…important, but…”
