8.52 MN
Page 12
“I think it’s worth quite a lot. Or why is a Wall Lady of Pallass holding it?”
“Ah, but she’s only the runaway daughter…”
“…Who steals the best objects before she runs away.”
Normen and Alcaz looked at each other. Normen tipped his hat to Fierre and grinned.
“Fairer words, Miss Fierre.”
She grinned back. Then she went back to staring at the Soldier with no name, but an aura. Fierre had no aura. She had no amazing class consolidation because she was a Vampire and she was still upset. Even so.
[Exemplar Warrior], Level 17. The Titan himself had said that he was outstanding, capable of gaining an aura, and Fierre had her Ring of Appraisal on. What did an [Aura of Battle] entail?
“I wish I was in a city. Then I could look up everything.”
Normen and Alcaz nodded, but Fierre meant that in relation to auras. She hadn’t ever needed to really research the topic, but she could probably buy a complete list of auras and their rankings in terms of relative power.
Same with classes—how ‘exemplar’ was an [Exemplar Warrior]? Was it close to [Peerless], which was literally based on geographical or national standards? It could be deceptive, but…
It was still very strong for anyone below Level 20. An aura plus a strong-sounding class on an Antinium with no name. The Titan was right, and Fierre was still dizzy thinking about her and the Titan knowing each other. Him sitting in Bird’s hat!
And yet, he was not the full quarry of her studies. Along with Fierre trying to learn how to use her own Aura—the Titan’s night-walk being a stepping stone for everyone who hadn’t gained an aura from that alone—she was observing the final outstanding member, the new talent.
Even the Gnolls were glancing back at her, although she just looked like a short Drake. But even under an illusory Skill…what did it look like?
Because to Fierre, it seemed like a grinning flash of teeth. Two crimson eyes flashing amid the darkness. The darkness…which extended downwards from her black parasol, lined with a bit of white and crimson cloth. Like shade amplified. Her clothing was dark, a copy of Fierre’s, and her hair was black, bangs hanging low over her face.
Gothica’s [Aura of Midnight] wasn’t a hypothetical. The Goblin rode under a shade of her own making, and the other Goblins kept sticking their hands in, or even faces, poking at her, clearly asking how they could do that.
She would swat at their hands or chatter back, but she was clearly pleased with herself. Not only that—Fierre watched as Gothica raised one hand.
“Glove.”
The Cave Goblin handed the Gnoll [Hunter] a few silver coins that Fierre had no idea how she’d gotten and he traded her some very small riding gloves made out of decent leather.
“Ah, gloves? Good luck in making it if you can craft that. Nice Skill.”
She nodded with distinct pride, and he rode forwards. Gothica set the riding gloves on her lap, produced some charcoal, and began turning them as dark as the rest of her clothing. She wanted gloves, dark boots, and, apparently, of a higher-quality than Fierre’s own clothing.
“Gothica…why are you dressing like that? Do you have to?”
Fierre rode forwards and couldn’t keep a peeved note from her voice. Gothica glanced up.
“Yep.”
“Why? Does your class demand it?”
“Mm.”
That wasn’t an answer. Fierre blew out her cheeks.
“You know, it’s my style technically. You’re just copying it. I don’t know how you got the class, but can’t you show some appreciation?”
The [Goth] Goblin glanced up. She eyed Fierre, and to the Vampire girl’s amazement, blew the bangs out of the way with her—Fierre’s trademark scoff.
