8.52 MN
Page 49
Mrsha ‘Crelerbane’ du Marquin smirked at Adetr. And Gire for that matter. The [Paragon] had that look again. Of sheer interest.
“You fought Crelers, Mri? Chieftain Firrelle has me fight monsters, but never Crelers for practice. The most I’ve ever beaten by myself is a Wyvern.”
Mrsha and Adetr turned to look at her and the little Gnoll lost some of her swagger. What, an entire Wyvern? By herself?
And yet—it was one thing for Gire to say she’d beaten a Wyvern. Quite another for a little Gnoll cub actually the normal size for her age to say she’d fought one of the dark legends of Gnolls and come out on top.
Most people would assume she was lying, like Adetr, with genuine introspection for the first time…for the one thing Mrsha wasn’t lying about. Yet Rose knew better. Gire knew better. Even…
“Hello, what’s this? Is that lobster? Are you Mri? I’m Yerra—Feshi, stop staring and come over. Is this the little girl you were telling me was so important?”
And here came the Selphid. Adetr looked up and Mrsha’s little jaw dropped. She stared at Yerranola, from the Games of Daquin, the sea trip, and scrying orbs. She fumbled for an autograph card as Feshi walked over.
“I—sorry to interrupt, Miss Rose, Honored Gire. We were just—is that a whole lobster?”
Yerranola’s mouth was watering. Lobster?
“I love lobster. What was that about Raskghar? Crelers?”
“Yerra, don’t be rude.”
“Sit, sit! Please! I’m Mri! Hello! Nice to meet you!”
The little Gnoll girl practically danced on the spot, waving an autograph card. Yerranola winked at Feshi, who was embarrassed for her glutton of a friend who loved seafood. Adetr edged over, a bit respectfully; after all, they were the Titan’s students.
“We haven’t met, yes?”
Feshi nodded at him. He nodded back.
“Adetr of Steelfur. Honored Feshi, it is my privilege to meet you. And this is—”
He looked at Yerranola, who froze mid-reach for a lobster claw.
“Uh, Yerranola. Hello! Are you made of metal? Amazing. Yerranola. Does anyone mind if I have a bite…?”
“Help yourself.”
Everyone agreed; the lobster was too huge for anyone but Gire to make a dent in it. Yerranola rubbed her hands as Mrsha held out a quill.
“Autograph? Sure! What’s…whoa. What is this card?”
She stared, suddenly moving her buttered fingers away from the card. Adetr was recalling trying to fight Yerranola—to his disappointment it hadn’t resulted in the Titan appearing—and glanced with disinterest down at the card Mrsha was holding.
“Who orders a lobster for food? Miss Rose, I know Silverfang has a lot of money, but it’s more expensive here. We could have gotten you a cheaper one.”
Feshi was whispering to Rose, looking at Gire who was wolfing down fries. Rose pointed.
“It wasn’t Gire. It’s Mri.”
“What? She has that much money?”
The other people eating at the table were eyeing the fascinating group sitting there. Four big names, and Mri and Rose were the odd ones out. The smell of cooked lobster hung in the air, and perhaps it was inevitable.
“Hey! I knew I recognized that giant! And look, I smell lobster! See? See, Emper? I told you someone else would buy lobster. Hey! It’s me!”
There came the cavalcade. The six people sitting there turned and saw four people striding their way.
Lehra Ruinstrider; Suxhel, the Gazer; Emper, the Stitch-Man [Monk], sighing; and Elgrinna, the Dwarf, holding a bucket.
A bucket of crab from the exact same stall. Mrsha’s eyes went round, but Lehra knew her.
“Mri! It’s Mri! Or was it that other n—”
Suxhel elbowed her in the stomach and the Stargnoll went oof. She hurried over.
