8.52 MN
Page 11
She rode off with a gang of Goblins in pursuit, all saying ‘friend’. Salkis grinned, but she was fumbling with the reclaimed iPhone. The Soldier watched out of the corner of his eye as Bird trotted over to Ulvama, who had already begun grumbling, but was fishing out powders and water.
“If that little monster broke i—what in the name of the Ancestor’s assholes is—”
The light had changed. The Drake held up the iPhone and stared at it. She whirled around and the little Ghostly Hand Goblin poked his head back up from under Badarrow’s arm. But how?
The [Lockpicker] grinned. He wasn’t quite sure either, but it was a lock. He picked locks. Salkis rode away from the Soldier, staring, tapping, as Bird rode back.
“Hello.”
The Soldier stared up at Bird. Bird stared back.
Antinium conversations being what they were, Bird eventually pointed to Ulvama.
“Ulvama has paints. Would you like to become a Painted Antinium? You should choose a name. And, um, you have worth. Pat, pat.”
He rode closer and patted the Soldier on the shoulder. Bird stopped. The two stared at each other for a while longer.
“Please do not become an Aberration. This is my first time doing this.”
On a lesser Soldier, maybe it would have provoked something. The Soldier with no name just stood there. He saw Ulvama slide off the wagon and stomp over.
“This the Antinium? I paint all of them?”
She made an exaggerated sighing motion as if this were a taxing effort, but she was keenly watching the Soldier. She held out a small tray with a bunch of colored bowls.
“You take colors. Go paint. You need wagon, you go. There.”
She waved at him. The Soldier stared down at the tray of colors. And, once again, he had been given something where no one had ever regarded him before. He walked obediently over to the wagon, sat down as Octavia edged over. She smiled at him.
“Um. Hello. I’ll give you some space.”
She edged over further as Ulvama flopped back onto her bed of pillows, but both of them watched the Soldier. He sat there.
Now he would become a Painted Antinium. An Individual of sorts, or, at least, Autonomous. All he had to do was…choose.
An identity. A name. Like all the other painted Antinium. The Soldier sat there. Ulvama and Octavia began to mutter, but they eyed him, waiting. Then they turned and looked for Bird.
The Soldier didn’t move.
 
——
 
Fierre watched the Soldier. Her fingers twitched on her notepad as she rode with the two Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings, at the back of the group.
“It’s worth nothing, Normen. I’m telling you, the Goblin clearly misjudged the mark.”
The younger man, who had served under Crimshaw and had a kind of triangle-hat, turned to Alcaz, the older Brother.
“But why did he take it? And don’t tell me it was just because it shone. Consider this, Alcaz. What’s more probable? Something that emits light—clearly magical—that has zero value, not even on par with a Wand of [Light]…or that it’s beating your Skill of [Ascertain Value]?”
Alcaz paused.
“…If that were so, it’s warded or it goes beyond even normal magical artifacts. Which puts the price at roughly four thousand gold pieces, upper bar.”
Normen whistled. Fierre’s ears perked up and all three eyed Salkis. Casually. As goodfellows or goodladies might. The two turned to Fierre and touched their hats.
“Would you happen to have an insight, as it were, unto the value of said object, Miss Fierre?”
Fierre frowned. She was in easy company with the Brothers, whom she liked, and could talk northern city-talk with, so she played their game of appraising various objects’ values, like Numbtongue’s sword.
