8.52 MN
Page 2
Don’t be a Lism. Be a Relc! Punching things hard was a very valuable ability! Ever seen a [Relc Punch]? 
“But I’m too young. Chieftain Firrelle says that all the time.”
Mrsha scoffed. She blew air out of her mouth and stuck her tongue out.
Young? She knew some people who were only one or two years old. And they were shooting Wyverns, taking names—literally—and chopping up Flesh Worms.
Mrsha slowed. Her ears drooped, then she met Gire’s gaze with determination.
You can do something. Something bad is happening. Isn’t it?
Gire bent down.
“Yes. It might be war. It could be—very bad.”
She grew somber, with uncanny perception of all that might come to pass. Most children wouldn’t understand that, not entirely. Yet Mrsha just sighed.
Then we should do something.
Gire looked astounded.
“What, just like that?”
Mrsha rolled her eyes. She reached up and Gire put her huge paw down and held her hand.
That’s how it works.
Gire listened as Mrsha told her a story from home. Feshi, sitting on a chair and watching Mrsha’s animated paws moving and Gire’s face as she listened, murmured to herself.
“…I really wish I knew what she was saying.”
She stood up to ask Mrsha to tell her as well—or Gire to translate. That was when one of the Weatherfur [Guards] trotted forwards. He touched her shoulder. Feshi looked over and saw a grim Gnoll’s face.
“What is it?”
“They’re declaring war on us, Feshi. Chieftain Torishi needs you.”
Feshi’s fur began to rise. Gire looked up, and Mrsha paused in her story. The first howl rose, breaking the other sounds in the Meeting of Tribes, followed by horns, other calls.
So it began.
 
——
 
Who began it first? No…before that.
Did you believe in synchronicity? A confluence of events? The same realization, or action, occurring simultaneously across the world? Just like how an invention could be realized by multiple people concurrently without them ever collaborating.
It was not random. There was a pattern, made of pieces that were connected and genuinely unrelated. Yet consider—
The Meeting of Tribes already had the potential to enflame tensions between Drake and Gnoll populations. The show of force made enemies of the Gnolls…or people who thought they might be enemies of the Gnolls…nervous.
However, it was also a time of weakness as much as strength. The authority of the Gnolls travelled to the Great Plains, but many tribes could not send everyone. Thus, they were actually weaker, split, with their most important Gnolls absent.
Yet who would make an enemy and invite the wrath of countless tribes? No one wanted to be the first to pop up. Not unless there were too many targets to count.
Or…you thought war was an inevitability.
There were other flashpoints. The city of Marwsh was one such city that flipped its traditional stances fast. It had seen a beloved Senior Guardsman stabbed in the streets—and it was not the only Drake settlement to clash with strange Plains Gnolls who left behind few survivors.
Add to that the Gnollish reaction. Gnolls across Izril had already seen tribes wiped out in Chandrar. Now it came to light there was a continent-wide Drake conspiracy.
“It wasn’t the Gnolls who threw the first punch, though.”
Grand Strategist Chaldion had convened one of the inner security councils of Pallass. He smoked on a puffer. General Dulm of 1st Army, General Shirka of 3rd Army, General Edellein of 4th Army…the regulars of these get-togethers had been joined by two more [Generals], several high-ranking [Senators], and other officials. One of the [Strategists], a Garuda, cleared his throat.
“You’re sure, Grand Strategist?”
