8.52 MN
Page 51
What could you say? Then they saw the inevitable happen.
“Autograph? Sure! For who? Visma. Ekirra. Got it. Hey, you hold onto that, you know these things are valuable, right? But for free lobster, I’ll autograph anything!”
Mrsha took the cards Lehra signed and Emper took the quill next.
“It is an honor. A strange one, because we are not icons. I suppose Lehra is, but as a role model or inspiration…”
He stared pointedly as the Gnoll tried to lick butter off her nose. Then passed the card along.
The new thing was to get multiple autographs of famous people. Or—and this was a move for someone who had the most valuable autographs—to get all the names on one card. That meant it had been in the presence of all the biggest names and was therefore most valuable.
Mrsha asked Feshi and Yerranola to sign the card for her two friends, and so a six-name card would blow her two friends’ minds with envy. Feshi did so, seeing the delighted look on Mrsha’s face.
“Yerra, sign the card for Mri.”
The Selphid didn’t move. She was staring down at the first card Mrsha had offered her.
“This…I know these names. Feshi, look at this?”
Gire glanced up from her first ever mouthful of ice cream as Adetr sighed, but decided he could go for some shrimp as Rose convinced him they were, in fact, good, and not giant bugs. He dipped one in sauce just in time for Feshi to exclaim.
“The Players of Celum?”
The others looked up. Lehra with keen-eyed interest, as did Gire who had heard the name before. Adetr raised his head, looked blank, and went back to dipping prawns.
“No way. This is impossible.”
Yerranola lifted the card. She stared at it.
“There’s not supposed to be more than, what, ten cards with the entire cast’s names on it. I wanted to go see them, do you remember, Feshi? Then they left Invrisil—this is genuine! It seems like it!”
“You know the Players of Celum? Or is that a gift?”
Lehra instantly turned to Mrsha. Gire stared at her small friend, as Mrsha looked smug. She fished something out of her bag of holding.
If you think that’s cool—
Yerranola and Feshi had assumed Mrsha was some lucky recipient of a rare card. Then they saw her pull out a Jasi-special signature, with a kiss mark from lipstick. A Wesle monogrammed card. Kilkran, Emme—she had every single one.
“Dead gods. You could buy a hundred lobsters for this much! A thousand! How did you…?”
Gire gaped at Mrsha, and there it was. The little Gnoll sat there. Smug—yes, very smug. But the common thread was this.
I was there when they started. I was at the first shows. I can get you autographs if you want. Jasi’s a friend.
Yes, it was self-aggrandizing, yes it was bragging. But it was also—Rose covered a smile as eyes turned to disbelieving looks.
“It’s true. I know it’s amazing, but Mr—Mri was there.”
“So she actually fought Raskghar? And survived a Creler attack?”
Adetr leaned forwards. All eyes swung towards him. Mrsha nodded. She had been there. She had seen it, done it.
Nothing would do but for Rose to help her explain the context—the inn, and tell the story of the Face-Eater moth attack. Feshi shook her head wordlessly, and Lehra traded looks with her team. It was Gire who muttered.
“That’s amazing. You really survived that. You’re not a [Paragon] or big…”
Mrsha glared up at her friend, but Gire went on.
“But you did that. Wasn’t it scary? The Drakes are declaring war and the Walled Cities might send a unified army to attack us. I might have to fight. I don’t want to. But you…you’ve done it. I guess I have to, too.”
