8.52 MN
Page 17
He was pointing to the Drakes’ left flank, comfortably secure. But if someone started carving them up, the Gnolls might be able to push the other way and break through—
Ulvama was staring at Numbtongue. Slowly, she produced a brush and drew a slash across a grinning Redfang Hob’s arm. Dirtmouth, who was nodding.
“Stupid Redfangs. You die. Stupid plan.”
She snapped, eyes flashing. Badarrow looked at Numbtongue, deeply disturbed, and Snapjaw glared.
“That’s right. Bad idea. I take Icecube, we distract. Everyone fights there, Gnolls run.”
That was almost as bad, and Badarrow instantly began protesting.
“Not you.”
“You hush. Or no sex. I have Frost Wyvern.”
“They have Oldbloods.”
A flash of light caught everyone’s eye. A tiny figure had been flying above the fighting. Practically hovering. Now—it exhaled a plume of fire and the Gnolls shouted and ran, trying to put the fire out as the Drakes pushed in harder. The fire was followed by a few balls of fire before the Drake flew higher.
“Oldblood [Mage]. That would be one of the Flying Antinium’s specialty targets.”
Pivr observed. Gna looked at him and her fur rose.
“That bastard isn’t alone. They have five Oldbloods in the air and I see riders. They can run down any group making a break for it.”
She had her own shortbow aimed down at them. Gna was a [Captain], though, a veteran of 4th Company. She knew a terrible battlefield when she saw one, and Liscor’s army wasn’t here. Yet Badarrow had a hand on Numbtongue’s arm.
“Erin is waiting.”
“She’d understand.”
The conversation between the two was the focus of it. Gothica, Touma the Great, the other Goblins and Antinium looked at each other. The Ghostly Hand Goblins shifted. Most had run off at the sight of the fighting, save for a group of three.
Garia exhaled hard. She was trembling, and the [Martial Artist] City Runner was opening and closing one hand. She shook her head at Fals.
“We can’t do nothing.”
“We can’t die either. To what point?”
Fals looked around. Normen tapped him politely on the shoulder.
“Sometimes a fellow has to make a stand.”
Fals looked disbelievingly at Normen. The Brother saw Numbtongue’s head turn. He touched the tip of his tricorn.
“If you need someone watching your back, I’m your man, sir. But the thing about stands—sometimes they’re your last. Bearing it in mind.”
The Redfang [Bard] bared his teeth. He didn’t have to tell him that. But he nodded at Normen.
A little bee buzzed past his head. Apista had woken up from napping in a jar. That’s right. Sometimes you had to sting someone right in the eye. Who were they stinging? She spotted the giant army below her and buzzed back a few paces.
…That was a lot of enemies. Maybe they needed a bigger hive?
Drama and confusion. This conversation was taking moments, and the voices were overlapping. They were so…interesting. The desperate Gnolls even realized it. The [Hunters] stared at a group of strangers, which to them were Drakes and Gnolls, arguing over helping.
Not—the traditional reaction of most bystanders, which was to be horrified and helpless. They were gazing down into the heart of this battle and weighing their deaths on a scale. But it would be their deaths.
Unless…Bird was speaking.
“You can stop this. Stop this. Use a big Skill and make them…go away. Please?”
Niers Astoragon sat on Bird’s head, listening. He examined them. What a motley band. What a strange fellowship.
“Even that [Shaman] cares. Look, you can see that, Bird. Your Antinium look ready to fight.”
