8.52 MN
Page 16
Pivr clacked his mandibles open and closed. He saw Normen glance at him.
“…But in the interest of being likable, I will support any suicidal action, in theory.”
Xeu glanced at him. She shook her own body side-to-side.
“Impossible. Death is certain. Gnolls perishing. Let us move on.”
She scuttled sideways, glanced back—no one followed her, not even the Antinium. Xeu scuttled back, poked the nearest Worker, scuttled off. The Worker, Infinitypear, stared at her. Xeu stared back, nonplussed.
“Brother, you’ve got a magic sword, don’t you? At least help us get them up the slope. We can lure the Drakes off.”
Irry pleaded with Numbtongue as the other [Hunters] drew their bows, arguing about attacking or setting up on one of the cliffs to shoot down at the archers. Numbtongue was still counting.
Yep. Thousands of Drakes. The Gnolls outnumbered them—it might have been ‘only’ four thousand [Soldiers] down there versus a larger tribe. But in terms of fighting adults…he saw children slinging rocks at the Drakes, but the [Hunters] here had iron arrows at best. Those Drakes had proper armor, proper formations.
His grip tightened on his sword. Numbtongue looked over and saw two—no, three—Goblins standing to his left. Not the physical form of Badarrow, or Irry pleading with him.
“Gonna die today?”
Shorthilt stared down at the fighting. He raised his head. The Ballad of the Thirteen Redfangs seemed to play around him. By his side, Pyrite grunted.
“Death. Probably.”
He agreed, but he looked up at Numbtongue. The [Soulbard] silently spread his claws apart. What should I do?
Pyrite grunted again. He tried to pick up a stone and bite it, and his claw passed through. Shorthilt was silent. Pyrite glanced at the third figure, torn, only partly there, silently staring down, almost as if he didn’t see the fighting.
Reiss, the Goblin Lord. Pyrite turned away from Numbtongue.
“Why are you asking?”
Indeed, Numbtongue—already knew the answer. But he looked around and saw the other Goblins. Young Goblins, and Antinium. Octavia too—and she was no warrior. She was less of a warrior than…Erin.
He could not ask them to do something like this. He had promised to save Mrsha. However.
Badarrow was looking up. Snapjaw was flying low. They heard her cursing before she leapt off Icecube’s back.
“Bad-bad battle! What’s happening?”
She landed hard, and the other Gnolls recoiled from the Frost Wyvern. Numbtongue eyed Icecube. He turned to Badarrow.
“Badarrow. We need a plan.”
“Hm. Shoot and run? Hit [Commander] and run away?”
The [Sniper] was trying to find the Drake in the enemy army, but he was unsportingly making the tactical choice of not wearing fancy armor or a helmet or sitting in the center of a clear command formation. He glanced up as Numbtongue put a hand on his Dragonblood crystal sword hilt.
“You do that. Keep Octavia and others back. When the Drakes come—run. I will go with Gnolls.”
Irry looked up. Numbtongue glanced around.
“Only those who want to come with me.”
“Numbtongue?”
Octavia seemed shocked, then horrified as she saw the Hobgoblin staring down at the battle. Salkis began to grin.
“Are you saying…?”
“Absolutely not. That’s a death mission right there. I’m no [Fighter], but they’ll mince you up in seconds. You won’t even get to them before they shoot you dead!”
Fals looked at Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin gave him a level stare.
“Maybe. Maybe we’ll be smart and sneak up.”
“Brother—Numbtongue. Are you serious?”
The Hobgoblin pointed down the slopes.
“There. Along rocks and bushes. Hit them there—then you get your tribe up here.”
