8.52 MN
Page 27
The newest breed of Antinium. After all—he could be nothing else. Forget that he had the body of a Soldier.
This Antinium was crimson. From head to toe. The blood-fire of the Redfang’s paint. The Drakes screamed as he surged towards their lines and the Gnolls ran back, yelping.
“Crimson Antinium! Don’t let him close! Don’t—”
Ulvama was hopping up and down and screaming.
“My red paint! He stole all my red—”
Crimson. He liked that name. Maybe? The Soldier raised a fist as he charged towards the first Drake. The spear shot at his stomach—and he pivoted. The Drake stabbing saw the Soldier rotate, twisting as he caught and moved along the spear’s length with one arm—and then at the elbow flying at his f—
The [Exemplar Warrior] crashed into the line of Drakes alone. They tried to kill him, stabbing. He swung left, knocked two Drakes down with two fists moving, caught a spear aimed at him, hit another Drake with an uppercut, spun, threw a Drake in front of the others to stop the attack on that side.
The other Antinium stared at him as the Soldier fought. Here was the secret. Soldiers did not know how to fight. The other species thought they were great warriors from the start. Soldiers knew how to kill from the moment they emerged from the Birther sacs.
But fight?
Touma the Great had punched down six Drakes. But they had stabbed him and the healing potions kept him alive, as had Gna, who’d been guarding her squad. Yet this Soldier—this old one—
He moved like Garia and Fierre. No, better than them. Garia had explained, but Touma the Great hadn’t understood what she meant by shifting her posture because she did it like a Human.
This Soldier, the Crimson Antinium, rotated with his punches. He swung with all his momentum, all four arms moving, blocking—independent of one another.
Even Soldiers and Workers had trouble commanding all four arms separately. They tended to move them together, especially in the heat of battle. Touma had never seen any Antinium fight like that. He raised his fists and the Antinium around him, Soldiers and Workers, watched.
Then—they began to copy him. It was almost like—a current running through them. Pivr and Xeu glanced up. The Soldiers and Workers were growing sharper. Pivr looked around and Xeu spoke.
“A…Queen…?”
Not yet. Not—she turned, scuttling, and a Drake ran a spear through one of her eyes.
 
——
 
“Xeu! She’s down!”
Numbtongue spun. The Silent Antinium’s Prognugator was under attack. Pivr leapt at the [Soldiers] and Infinitypear led a counter charge. No sooner had they driven off the [Soldiers] and tried to tend to Xeu than someone screamed.
“Snapjaw!”
Badarrow nearly left his cliff as he saw the Frost Wyvern spiraling, wings shredded by arrows. The Drakes advanced as she emerged, fighting. Numbtongue immediately began trying to fight to her, but Niers roared.
“Push in, Numbtongue! If you leave, they’ll wipe out your group! Badarrow—”
His voice thundered to the [Sniper] via his Skill. Badarrow snarled, in no mood to listen, but the Titan bellowed into his head.
“Protect Snapjaw! Bird, shoot them down! Ulvama, boost Snapjaw! Defensive spells! Snapjaw, get that Wyvern to those rocks! I don’t care if you have to drag it! Go!”
They were beginning to falter. Niers began using more Skills, but—the Ghostly Hand Goblins looked at each other. One stopped throwing rocks at the Drakes still trying to make it up the pass. They stared off into the distance. Then one plucked at Badarrow’s sleeve.
“Hob. Hob!”
“Shut up and fight!”
