8.52 MN
Page 29
Gothica was next. Numbtongue saw a Drake club her from behind. Her aura wasn’t—he spun, slashing, but Pyrite had given his minute into the battle to take out an enemy [Officer]. Shorthilt had led the charge—
“Damn. Damn, damn, damn—”
Salkis retreated. She was bloody; someone had gotten her in the latest scrape and she was moving behind their lines, clutching at her guts. Numbtongue whirled around.
There was no time for a song. Perhaps he should have sung, called down lightning with Ulvama, but someone needed to be here.
Here he was. Infinitypear fell down. Rasktooth stopped, eyes wide.
“Infinity…?”
Smoke rose from his back shell. A [Mage]. The second blast of fire hit the Cave Goblin.
Were they dead? The Titan—Numbtongue raised his sword, reaching for the guitar. Lightning. He had to use his Skills before it was too late. A dirge for—
“[Snap Throw]!”
Numbtongue tried to duck, but the hatchet struck him across the head. He went down, Niers roaring in his ears.
“[They Fought Like Imm—”
Numbtongue was on the ground. Now he was surrounded as the [Soldiers] closed in. The Titan was trying to rally them; Sergeant Gna was leading the others, pulling those she could back to safety. But Numbtongue. They wanted Numbtongue.
“—it: Selphid’s Rampage!] Don’t—”
A Skill was worth nothing if it had no one to affect. The quality of [Soldiers]…he had a bunch of talented individuals.
Numbtongue drifted off. He saw Gnolls fighting near him; he had been trying to connect their lines. Almost. Almost.
Gnolls. Trying to reach him. Goblins. A tribe that didn’t want to slaughter them.
“A vision of the future. What might have been. They still remembered. I never forgot. Again and again, even this much is taken.”
Who was speaking? Numbtongue turned his head as someone tried to thrust a spear at his chest. Garia leapt over him and kicked them away.
Amid the fighting, the sea of legs, the dizzy world fading to blackness, someone sat there. A third ghost. He appeared…tattered. As if parts of him had been forgotten. Like a painting eaten by moths.
A warning. A battle on the longest day of the year. He had barely spoken. Barely done anything. Lost…forgetting even his own name.
Until now. Two vacant eyes focused on the Gnolls. On Numbtongue. His head rose.
“Once. I grew up in this tribe. Ghostly Hand. My name…someone gave me my name. And they called me…”
Numbtongue’s lips moved as a Drake with a crossbow shouldered her companions aside. It rose, tracking his face.
 
——
 
Niers Astoragon saw Numbtongue vanish. He was shouting orders, using his Skills—but he couldn’t see Numbtongue and the Hobgoblin was down. He saw only confusion, Garia struggling alone—
Then a flash. No—the opposite of a flash. A searing bolt of darkness, anti-light, shot upwards. Niers Astoragon saw Ulvama, chanting spells, freeze. He frowned.
“That’s…”
A figure rose up to his feet. He had lost his sword. For a second, Niers feared he was concussed, but then a Drake unit charged him. The Goblin swung around slowly, almost dreamily. He pointed a finger—and another bolt of blackness punched through the [Soldiers]. Two fell over, and the other two fell to their knees, tripping up their companions.
Two more [Deathbolts] followed. The Drakes stared at their companions. One bent to check a pulse.
They found none. Niers’ Skill…the Goblin looked up. Then he stretched a hand upwards to the sky.
“Arise!”
The dead Drakes began to rise to their feet. Niers saw Ghouls animating—not mere zombies—and they fell on the horrified Drakes around them.
