8.52 MN
Page 8
Look up at the sign before you go within…”
 
——
 
The music and Numbtongue’s voice floated down the line of travellers. Lady Salkis raised her head and frowned at him.
He sang so well, for a Goblin. He wasn’t like what she’d expected at all. He hadn’t drawn his sword once—nor had she killed anyone. And yet—she’d levelled.
And yet, this was slightly fun. If only she wouldn’t get in trouble once she got back. The Bloodfeast Raider sighed. She went back to poking an object with one claw, gingerly.
“Come on, work, damn you. I’m nearly out of charges for my [Repair] wand…”
The glowing…thing she had taken from the City Runner, who was now a famous Courier, stubbornly refused to unlock. Salkis was tempted to throw it, she was so frustrated. She shooed away a little Goblin.
“Damn. Also, someone tell Numbtongue you can’t rhyme ‘inn’ with ‘within’. It’s not poetic enough.”
“You can’t? It sounds good enough to me. What’s that thing?”
One of Salkis’ more permanent riding buddies was, ironically, Sergeant Gna. She still looked a bit gloomy about her new class, for all it sounded unique. She kicked at one of the Goblins who stuck out his tongue at her.
Salkis put up with Gna on the pretense of playing nice, but if there was any natural enemy for her, it was probably Gna, and vice-versa. She hastily tucked away the device on her belt.
“Some useless artifact. Trust me—I know about poetry and that kind of verse. I lived in Pallass long enough; you get people like ‘Sir Relz’ who tear you to shreds if it’s not all original and doesn’t have proper meter.”
She snorted. It was one of the things she hated about Pallass. Sergeant Gna glanced at her.
“You…never said why you left. Just tired of home? You fight very well during practice. They teach you how to fight like that?”
“I had good [Tutors]. And I levelled during the Wyvern attack.”
“Ah, right.”
Gna nodded, smiling awkwardly. Salkis wondered if she’d have to kill Gna before this was over. She wondered what would come next. She was in this for the long haul—if only because if she levelled even once more, it justified any duration of travel, bloodshed or not. Absently, she reached for the odd glowing device, the iPhone, it called itself—
…And groped at her side. She looked around.
“What the—you little bastard! Give that back!”
One of the Goblins ran off with the smartphone, cackling. The Gnoll hunters turned back as Numbtongue slowed in his playing. The Goblin tapped and stared at the glowing iPhone, agog, dodging as Salkis wheeled her horse around. He dodged through the lines of Antinium who slowed, Workers and Soldiers, some Painted, some not, his claws flashing. The Goblin leapt for the underbrush where he could hide and sneak away with his prize—
An Antinium caught him by the scruff of the neck. The Goblin dangled, staring at a Soldier with weathered armor. He waved, grinning uncertainly as Salkis herself halted.
The Soldier did not wave back.
 
——
 
He had no name.
Names were for Antinium who were Individual, or at least, Autonomous. They were the new Antinium. The ones who had come this year and the last; Antinium who levelled up and took names and had created the Painted Antinium, a new generation.
He was glad of it. But this Antinium, who held the Goblin back towards the Drake named Salkis, was no Individual. He had not been…what, lucky? Unique? He had not been whatever it was that made the original chess group, and that might simply be ‘chosen’.
