8.52 MN
Page 30
He didn’t know what he was seeing. He had a number of guesses—but as the Hobgoblin wearing Numbtongue’s face turned, his answer came for him. The Goblin began shooting more [Deathbolts] around, and the Drakes died. He pointed his fingers and a swathe of flames lit up Drakes who ran screaming. These ones didn’t die—but the agonizing fire and powerful spell?
A Drake ran at the not-Numbtongue and the Hob slashed across his chest with his claws. Like some kind of [Clawfighter]…
The Drakes fell back from this threat. A higher-level threat. The Goblin turned. He blasted the Drakes around the others. Then, as Garia stumbled back, he opened his eyes and bellowed at the sky.
“Goblin Lord!”
The [Soldiers] of Bentill gazed up in horror. Their dead companions began to rise as undead. A wall of bone cut off their attacks on Fierre and the others. And that Goblin—Reiss—stood in the center of the army. He pointed up, at the foothills.
“Death!”
His voice grew louder. Echoing. It was just a volume spell, but Niers himself felt a chill run down his arms.
“What am I seeing, Ulvama?”
She didn’t respond. She’d gone pale. Niers traced the route of Numbtongue’s finger. It wasn’t at him…
“Ah. At last.”
The Titan sighed. The Gnolls of the Lomost tribe stared up at the Goblin Lord, who stood on a dais of bone, a barrier shielding him from arrows and spells. They looked up, and the Drakes of Bentill cried out. The Goblin Lord bellowed a third time, and the answer came from the foothills, from the glowing eyes and pointed teeth of the army, the tribe who wore a handprint of white. The Chieftain who rode on the back of a spider and pointed down.
“Goblin.”
The Ghostly Hand tribe began to race down the hills, some shooting spectral arrows that went through all but the greatest Skills or enchantments. At last—Niers whispered.
“[Fear Me, Your Mortality].”
The Drakes’ nerve broke. They began to flee. Niers stood there, bellowing down.
“Encircle them! Force them to surrender! Don’t let up! Tend to the wounded and—”
The Goblin Lord had the exact same idea. Entire walls of bone rose, and terrified Drakes surrendered—to the Gnolls they had been trying to kill, rather than the dread Antinium or Goblins. Niers Astoragon finally began to relax.
Apista came to rest next to Bird as he lowered his bow. The bee saluted Niers Astoragon as he stood there. He shook his head.
“I hate irregulars. We did it. But I hate—”
Apista waited for a ‘thank you’, a congratulations, or even a high-feeler. After a few seconds of the Titan grumbling, she did a surprise aileron roll and dumped him off the edge of the cliff.
 
——
 
[Adventurer Level 11!]
[Skill – Slinger’s Whirl obtained!]
[Skill – Deny Parry obtained!]
[Combination Skill – You Go Low, I’ll Go High obtained!]
 
Infinitypear thought that was quite something. First he was Level 3 at the start of this journey, he gained another level from finding the treasure with Rasktooth—then he jumped to Level 8 after the Titan’s dramatic run. Now three more levels for surviving…
Ow.
“Infinitypear? You okay?”
Rasktooth saw the Worker begin to sit up, then lie back; his back shell was burnt and he was lying on his front, a rarity. The Cave Goblin saw Infinitypear nod, then shake his head, and hugged him, laughing.
“You okay!”
Infinitypear realized Rasktooth was also scorched when the Cave Goblin swore. He had…no eyebrows, and most of his hair was gone.
