8.52 MN
Page 25
The other [Soldier] went down as a boulder tossed from above mashed his head. Or…he lay there, dead to the world, as his companions shook him, completely immobile. But his head wasn’t pulped.
“They’re alive, Bird! [I Left the Carrion None of Their Due]! So shoot the b—”
Bird raised his bow and the last Oldblood fell in the distance, an arrow between their shoulders. He began loosing arrows like five archers combined. Ulvama stared at Niers.
“A Skill that doesn’t let one side kill the other?”
The Titan swung himself off Bird’s head now he was unsteady. He whistled.
“You damned bee! Get up here! I need a command vehicle!”
Apista flew up to him, a wing slightly crushed. Two soldiers down from a stinger to the eyes! She let Niers swing up onto her back. He buzzed towards Ulvama.
“Recharge your mana. I’m giving you a [Boost Spell] next.”
The [Shaman] just looked up at him.
“You can make us not kill them? You never said. You never used.”
She was fairly certain she would hear about the Titan of Baleros never killing a foe in battle. The Fraerling stared at her.
“What’s the point of always fighting a bloodless battle? It’s a strategic Skill to bleed a foe of resources or take prisoners. When you crush your enemy—”
He looked over his shoulder at Bird and made a sound.
“—Pick your battles. Bentill will get a lot of wounded, useless [Soldiers] they have to tend to. And these civilians will fight harder.”
Bird’s head slowly turned as he somehow kept hitting targets. He spoke, once.
“I do not know if she will hate you or like you. You are everything she wants and does not want. You confusing person.”
Niers Astoragon blinked at him. Then he shook his head and turned. The battle wasn’t over. He grinned, his eyes flashing.
Home. Ah, this was home.
 
——
 
This is what the Drake [Commander] felt. Shock of this new force aside. The Frost Wyvern—Goblins. Antinium?
The soldiers were reacting to all of that at once. Another Antinium had made his choice. He accepted the paint and went streaking down into the battle. That great warrior—
“Aura Skill! It’s not working! It’s not—”
A screaming Oldblood Drake had tried to kill some of the attackers. She had exhaled deadly, choking shade at her foes, and some of them had gone staggering away, unable to breathe, attacked by the cloying darkness.
But it hadn’t killed any of them. Why? Someone was advancing on her.
Crimson eyes in the darkness. A shade wrapped around her, so thick that a cast javelin slowed and stuck in midair.
An aura of midnight. [Goth]. On her other side, Grass Shell was conjuring…grass. And painful burrs that hurt even if you stepped on them with boots.
Not everyone had an equal impact. Fierre was throwing Drakes around; Garia had kicked and punched down several foes, but they had also cut her, and the [Martial Artist] was realizing she needed to single out foes in the melee.
But Fierre—she was going berserk, and the Drakes saw a short Human picking up and hurling foes in full armor. Ignoring cuts to her; they seemed to heal within an instant, as if she had a permanent low-grade healing potion! She leapt onto the back of an officer, and the screaming Drake ran around, trying to yank her off until they collapsed. Fierre raised a bloody mouth and Drakes backed away.
They didn’t even recognize they weren’t actually being killed. Even so—the [Commander] of Bentill’s forces could have still rallied. Still forced three dozen fighters and that group on the hill back with unacceptable casualties, but won.
