8.52 MN
Page 54
The Gnoll girl ran around, rolling on the ground until she realized—pink fire? She rose, and the flames did not burn her skin. The others were trying to extinguish it, but water would not work. Nor flame spells or even a cloud of dirt.
Rose stopped Emper from trying to smother the flames.
“No. It’s—Mri. It’s Erin’s…”
The little Gnoll raised her paw. It was still there. She almost cried. It was still there. She burned, and it illuminated the Meeting of Tribes and all who saw it. It seared Adetr’s eyes. Something unlike triumph in battle. Deeper than victory or defeat. Memory, like fire, burning bright.
Glory.
It burned so bright. So short-lived. And yet. While the flames on the girl eventually went out, all who saw remembered them. And this time—they did not die. Mrsha held it in her paws, and then slowly transferred it to a torch.
The flames caught for a second, burned…and went out. Mrsha stared at the wisps of smoke.
It was okay. Gently, she touched the torch, and it burned like glory again. She lifted it up. Something to show people. Something to…bring them together. The [Paragon] looked as the little girl offered her glory.
This time—it was golden. And more colors still flickered in her eyes. She had seen two flames burning. Going out. It was very small, and she was small. But she would show them all.
 
[Emberbearer Class obtained!]
[Emberbearer Level 1!]
 
[Skill – Rekindle Flame obtained!]
[Skill – Fire’s Fuel (Mundane) obtained!]
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: This is one of two chapters left. I realized I was leaving on a Monday, so I would definitely not be able to do more writing. Well, I have plans to do the chapter on the 30th, but it’s just a really short writing month.
So I am trying to pack as much content into these chapters. I hope you understand—it’s an important trip to see family and that matters. But the story’s also important, so I balance both.
In fact, it’s humbling how much you all enjoy and like the story. If you didn’t see it, some people are starting a podcast. Oshi and Dragonus talk about The Wandering Inn, and their first episode and a promo are up where they discuss web serials, this story from Volume 1 onwards (not chapter by chapter), and more! Give it a listen; I did and it’s odd to hear actual readers exist, let alone speak!
One more chapter. Until a break. Hope you’re having a decent November and thanks for reading!
 
 
Empress Nsiia by AuspiciousOctopi!
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/auspiciousoctopi/
DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/auspiciousoctopi

 
Rufelt and Lasica by happypanda!

 
The Veltras family and Magnolia and Ressa by MonikaisMyWaifu…yes, that was their username.
 
 

