8.53 FH
Page 10
In dead silence, the army of Nerrhavia’s Fallen stared at the distant capital of Reim, finally in sight after so long. Their glorious attack force, poised to take the King of Destruction’s head…stared off at the Revenant flying away on important business. The [Generals] looked at each other.
Their eagerness to fight was…quite sapped.
 
——
 
More drama in Pomle. No, truly, though, things were happening. At the same time the Vizir was causing trouble, it was true that the siege of Reim had begun.
At the same time? There were rumors of other great deeds occurring.
Mars the Illusionist laying an army to waste by herself was the stuff of stories. Khelt’s resurgence, the stuff of nightmares. And in that vein—
It was a recording you could purchase. Not shown on television; it had apparently been recorded like Rémi Canada’s ongoing documentary about Ksmvr of Chandrar, who had already been suggested as the Slayer’s replacement. Certainly his heir—an Antinium with incredible abilities.
The recording in question was of about sixty [Martial Artists]. Who, over the course of two hours, kicked, punched, and otherwise threw back a force nearly a hundred times their size. That reminded you of why their nation existed to begin with.
Trouble on the winds. Especially since, while they didn’t show it overtly, only one nation had that many Stitch-Folk being turned into literal ragdolls.
Roshal was still up in arms about the Death of Chains, who had liberated countless [Slaves] from caravans they were still scrambling to go after. Not least the nearly million-gold adventurer on the loose.
All of this as the damned Arbitration Council was now condemning the Drake attacks on Gnolls with the power of words. Not that she was bitter. She hadn’t even gotten on the waiting list for invitations.
As for Roshal…Roshal was an unpleasant enemy, but a bunch of [Slaves] and all the trade routes in disarray?
Plink, plink, plink. The pile of gold coins and even several artifacts had arrived this morning. The woman trailed her hand across the pile.
“Not exactly rich. How much is this?”
“F-four hundred and eighty four gold pieces, Your Majesty.”
The nervous other woman was an [Accountant]. You had to have them. To count things. She was afraid, most likely because she’d heard what happened to the last woman who’d made a costly mistake.
The Siren of Savere didn’t bother addressing the issue. The last [Accountant] had been embezzling money; that’s why she got what she deserved, but she didn’t tell the newcomer that. She didn’t waste lives.
Revine Zecrew sat back and regarded the morning’s income. Which, to be clear, she hadn’t earned herself. It had appeared in its designated spot. But whom, or rather, who it came from was very important.
Who being correct since she did understand basic grammar. She had gone to higher education, which some people might find interesting. Especially in a [Bandit Queen].
“Not a huge haul, but she did tribute it to me. Which means she escaped. Tell me. How faithful has Merr been on her payments?”
The [Accountant] rushed to open her ledger.
“Um. Q-quite good, Your Majesty.”
“Siren.”
“Excuse…?”
“I am the Siren of Savere. Say that.”
Your Majesty was too generic and people needed to remember her title. It was all about respect and titles. Revine looked at the small tribute and sighed.
It hadn’t been sent via traditional means, like a [Messenger] or in a chest. That tempted [Bandits] to steal away with it, and besides—it was so slow. A [Bandit Queen] had better, more secure options.
“So Merr’s back to raiding. Roshal’s going to be after her.”
