8.53 FH
Page 40
“You’re mad, you know. What do you do with them? We don’t fuck with their lot.”
The [Enforcement Raider] from Nerhs was named Abelesque. A very fancy name that was shortened to ‘Abel’, which she was touchy about. But Ceria did know it, and this group of women and Omusc were something like friends.
As were Gorry and the small group of Bloodtear Pirates from Plainsblood, the ship he served on.
“Mostly it’s just been stories. You know, I tell them about Liscor’s crypt, they tell me about fighting Crelers at sea.”
Half the [Bandits] shuddered at the thought. Omusc eyed Ceria.
“That would be a place to start.”
Mutual respect for each other. Not only was Gorry a [First Mate] on a Bloodtear ship, he was a [Dualblade Marauder]—which meant he had seen arguably more combat than even Ceria had. However, it was very amiable and Ceria had realized something. Savere might be lawless, dangerous, and all that stuff—but it had excellent drinks. Just spot on, and cheap too.
“I haven’t met their [Captain] yet. Apparently, it’s a Gnoll-crewed ship, by and large.”
“Well, I’m not joining you. I’ve seen Bloodtear fights.”
So had Ceria. They weren’t punches; they started with knives, and if the [Pirates] bickered, blood was spilled. They generally pulled their blows from an actual kill, but that meant you had someone leaning on a table, drinking a healing potion before they bled out.
Even so, Omusc, who had been there to mind Ceria, had to admit the half-Elf held her own. She barely blinked at any of it, and not only was the Siren making time each day to teach her, she seemed to be thriving in Savere.
…At least food-wise. She was packing in a shrimp-and-cheese pasta, and her nickname, ‘Ice Squirrel’, was spreading.
She was doing too well. And that thought didn’t come from just Omusc. Ceria scratched at the back of her neck.
“…Hey Omusc. Is someone staring at me?”
“Yep.”
The [Pillager] glanced over and Ceria saw a Human woman balefully glaring at her. It wasn’t the first time Ceria had seen…
“You’re treading in the deeps, Adventurer. Watch yourself.”
The [Mage] stalked over, unable to keep herself contained any longer as the [Bandits] broke over lunch. Ceria turned and saw a woman with huge, dangling earrings, about seventeen years old perhaps, Human, with a shocking yellow robe.
Literally shocking. Shockwool, very finely graded and woven into a motif that combined watercloth with the wool to form Savere’s sigil on the arms and back. Where the two cloths met, you could see a line of sizzling electricity, permanently crackling together.
It was a look. Omusc edged away from it since sparks connected the robes to nearby bits of metal. Ceria slowly took another bite of shrimp and cheese pasta.
[Aeromancer]. Lightning mage. Or…lightning and water?
“Um. Hello? What am I doing, exactly? Who are you?”
“I’m Ureita. The Siren’s favorite [Mage]!”
The Human hissed at Ceria. She was definitely young. Ceria was put in mind of Erin’s Earther guests—but Ureita was from this world, and far more worldly at that. She looked confident—and angry.
“Ureita, leave off. Ceria’s—”
“Shut up, Omusc!”
The [Pillager] frowned at Ureita, but the [Mage]’s eyes sparked dangerously and the other [Bandits] edged back. She pointed at Ceria.
“You might be in the spotlight for now, but I’m warning you—stop hogging the Siren’s attention. She’s my mentor and I’m her best [Mage].”
“After the last one ran for it, sure—”
Abel ducked as Ureita pointed a finger and a shot of something flashed past her. She dove, swearing.
“It was a joke, Ureita! Leave off!”
