8.53 FH
Page 25
“Illphres. Siren Revine…I am grateful for you saving me and Nerhs from the Crelers. However, I am a Gold-rank adventurer and my teammates are missing. I need to find them, so, er, I’d, uh, like to be granted permission to go soon. I’m very happy to reminisce about Illphres! But if I could ride out tomorrow, maybe? I could pay for…”
Her voice trailed off. Revine Zecrew scrutinized Ceria.
“Your team. Naturally, you’d want to find them. And naturally, I don’t know you. Only that Illphres made you her apprentice. And that you are an adventurer with a history of working for an honorable Silver-rank team. In fact, you lost your hand holding the line rather than fleeing in the crypt of Liscor.”
Ceria blinked. She knew about…?
“A powerful [Cryomancer] who survived the Village of the Dead yet who lacks for any training. I was Illphres’ best friend. I may not be her specialization, but she and I share similar schools and I am an accomplished mage. A Wistram graduate. I could teach you. Savere is a powerful nation. You know, I have heard your friend is captive of Roshal. There is even a bounty out for his freedom.”
“Pisces? You know about—”
Revine lifted a finger and Ceria fell silent. She waved a hand.
“Calendar.”
Instead of it floating over, Joam brought it over in his mouth and received another eel. The Siren consulted it.
“He has been their prisoner for nearly two weeks. I am told one gang tried to free him and failed. He is not at Roshal yet, though. And your other friend—Yvlon Byres—is a gladiator in Nerrhavia’s Fallen. The last one, the bug-man? Illivere.”
Ceria’s mouth was wide open. They were all alive! She felt dizzy with relief—and then the Siren looked up.
“It isn’t impossible to free all of them. To gather them here? Not for me. Roshal is a mighty foe, though, and of the three, your friend the [Necromancer] is in gravest danger. I would not take on that request, no matter how much is being offered. Unless I had something worth doing it for.”
She looked at Ceria. The half-Elf shifted in her seat.
“…I’m not exactly keen to join Savere, Your Majesty. I have a…mission. An important one I need to get back to.”
Revine sighed delicately. She sat back as her cat leapt into her lap.
“Very understandable. I can’t force you to do anything. Then you have my permission to go. On the hour, in fact. I will let you purchase a horse and ride off to find your friends with the best of luck wished.”
She raised a hand and made a little gesture with her fingers splayed. Ceria hesitated.
“That’s…so generous.”
“Yes, indeed it is.”
The [Cryomancer]’s eyes flicked to something behind Revine.
“Er…might I make one request, Your Majesty?”
“Hmm?”
“Could I persuade you to…give me back that circlet before I go? It is my property, you see. I earned it at the Village of the Dead.”
The Siren of Savere turned her head. The circlet in question sat in the center of a perfect cube of barrier spells, on a small pedestal. The same circlet Ceria had been about to wear before the last-minute save.
Revine Zecrew looked at Ceria and smiled blandly.
“Ah, but that is my possession, you see. I am a [Bandit Queen]. If you want that back, I may be convinced to turn it over. But you would have to be very persuasive.”
Ceria sighed. It was never easy. She ducked her head as Revine went on.
“I might be persuaded to part with it if you made promises to me that you would return. I am not a fool, Ceria Springwalker. Nor am I blind to your desires and missions. But I do need…an ally.”
Her eyes glinted. The half-Elf smiled weakly.
“You don’t say?”
 
——
 
