8.53 FH
Page 13
Illphres grumbled. Ceria rolled her eyes.
“I spent most of my time in a traditional half-Elf village, Master. You don’t age there the same way.”
“Clearly, or you’d master [Ice Wall] already. Well…you know the fundamentals. But I won’t have you casting [Ice Hedge] while you’re my apprentice. When I was your age…”
“I bet you didn’t have any friends.”
Illphres’ kicking foot twitched and Ceria scooted back. But the woman returned mildly.
“I didn’t. Or at least, not as many as you.”
Ceria blinked. The woman sat there and her apprentice asked after a while.
“Did you…uh, are they the [Mages] I know now?”
Illphres blinked.
“Hm? No. They were student friends. Most went off, or died…I don’t keep up with most. I had one or two good ones. Actual complementary experts. Unlike your lot.”
She meant Beatrice and Calvaron, Pisces and Montressa…although Pisces…Ceria’s lips twisted. Illphres gazed at her.
“You should consider finding a [Mage] who can complement your abilities. If you fall in love with a [Pyromancer], though, I’ll disown you as an apprentice. [Pyromancers] and [Hydromancers] work…although all they can do is create steam spells. [Aeromancers] and [Hydromancers] work well—earth magic and water magic, even color magic and water magic. But we’re ice mages, so we’re less complementary with other disciplines.”
Ceria raised her brows.
“You sound like you know a lot about hydromancy, Master. Who was your friend? A [Hydromancer]?”
Illphres shrugged.
“A good one. We worked well together, but she left. Different attitudes. Don’t bother learning too much water magic, though. Ours is superior.”
And that was all she had ever said about that. Ceria Springwalker had forgotten all about it. It certainly hadn’t been an important conversation.
…Until now.
 
——
 
Ceria Springwalker opened her eyes and stopped meditating in her rooms. She recalled Illphres’ face, the way she would walk, somewhat stiffly, unless she was in battle.
Ceria still remembered how she had frozen the sea and skated across it to rescue her. She wished she had talked with Illphres more, but she had been so young.
Not in age—she wasn’t that much older now. But…Ceria sighed.
“I was so immature. Pisces and Mons and…”
Her skeletal hand opened and closed. Here was the thing about memory and regrets. If. Everyone did it, especially adventurers.
“If I was the me of now back then…”
She would have been able to get Illphres to apprentice her right off, Ceria just bet. And she would have learned all the spells Illphres tried to teach her, rather than only manage to pick them up years after being taught the fundamentals. Ceria would have been able to persuade her not to try the test, accepted Pisces…
But regrets? Ceria shook her head. You couldn’t dwell on them forever. And right now, she regretted Illphres not ever elaborating about her friend quite a lot. Because Ceria Springwalker was a guest of the Siren of Savere, the ruler of Savere. [Bandit Queen], and Crelerbane in her own right.
…Not a nice woman. Ceria was no expert on Savere, and she wished she was, but in coming here as a ‘guest’ she’d seen how the Siren was treated.
The [Bandits] who had come to shake the village down? The [Pirates], [Rogues], and other criminal classes infesting the port city of Runsblud? They didn’t cross her. They were very respectful. Mostly because…and here Ceria glanced out the window again.
“I might be in trouble.”
You could still see the last [Accountant] the Siren of Savere had employed. Well…parts of her. She was hanging from the docks.
