8.53 FH
Page 12
She had been an Isolationist—but a staunchly pro-magic one, who wanted to uncover the true mysteries of the Academy. Challenge Zelkyr’s last test. She was not apolitical, but had stayed out of the center of the debates and power struggles.
Her true class had been a variation of [Cryomancer]. Everyone knew the basic class; few knew the details.
Back then…Ceria Springwalker had been privileged enough to know Illphres’ true class in the last year of her master’s life. Back then…
She had really hated Illphres.
“Student. Get me some Everfrozen Ice.”
“Okay, Master. From where?”
Illphres, the [Cryomancer of Masks], gave Ceria a blank look. Her beautiful mask had colored ice and looked like a real face, but the lips didn’t always move perfectly with her actual flesh. She pointed and her young half-Elf apprentice, the first she had ever taken, looked…out her door.
“I don’t know. Go find some.”
“From who?”
“I don’t know.”
Ceria Springwalker waited, mouth opening and closing slightly.
“…Do I have any money to buy some, Master?”
“Yes. Go find some.”
“From where?”
“I have some lying about. Get me a big block. Oh—and breakfast. And find my other wand. The one with earth attunement. And a Potion of Relief.”
“Relief for—what?”
“My period. Get to it.”
Ceria Springwalker threw her hands up. She stalked out of the room, cursing Illphres’ name. Her master watched, slightly smugly. She had learned the value of largely unpaid labor and it was getting them to do whatever you were too busy to do.
And yet—she was good at her job. Which was freezing things. So good, in fact, that Ceria’s own ice magic studies were progressing far faster than any other student in her year. So by the time Ceria came back, Illphres would have a spell for her to study, or a book to read about famous [Cryomancers] of the past.
“Read and learn, Ceria. We might not know their spells, but this is how they lived. Some fought—others earned money more traditional ways. They were all geniuses.”
“The one who sank in that ship made of ice sounded like an idiot.”
Illphres slapped Ceria on the back of the head.
“Don’t contradict me. They were better than you. You can’t make structured ice so show some respect until you pass them.”
“Master! I’m learning quickly! No one is even close to learning [Ice Wall] in the 3rd Year!”
“So? You’re comparing yourself to post-Zelkyr [Mages]. And they get more worthless each generation. When I was a student, I knew [Ice Wall] by my third year because some of my teachers remembered what real magic was like.”
Ceria ducked another swat. She glared, shielding her head.
“Well, I’m sorry for disappointing you, Master. What was it like, learning from [Mages] who remembered that?”
Illphres stopped. She wasn’t actually that violent, or even mean. No—she was definitely mean. But she loved magic and so Ceria could get her to reminisce.
“Back then? Not all of them were old enough. Some, like Feor, predate Zelkyr vanishing. But some were apprentices of [Mages] who existed before the upper floors were locked up. They weren’t that different. Infighting idiots. But they knew what they had lost. That’s the difference.”
Ceria sat cross-legged as Illphres slowly sat. Ceria had never asked how Illphres’ face had been damaged exactly, but it had been frostbite, not another injury. She had warned Ceria she could draw too heavily on ice magic if she couldn’t withstand it and damage herself. She hadn’t said ‘never do that’. Only told Ceria the risks.
“You’re a half-Elf. I don’t want to talk about age with you about anyways, you annoying brat. You’re older than I am.”
