8.53 FH
Page 48
The Siren twitched.
“A thousand potions?”
She stared out at the ship slowed at sea. After a long moment, the Siren cursed.
“His crew never leaves their ship. He can leave, purchase, as long as he follows the rules of Savere. Tell him Bloodtear and Bleakbeaks are here.”
“Yes, Siren.”
Revine leaned on the balcony. A ship came in with the storm and tides. Dark green wood mottled with strange moss and growths. Sails not made of cloth.
Shifthold came into port and the Siren shuddered slightly. But it was one visitor of many, and Savere had seen worse. She just thought of her project.
 
——
 
And, at last, Omusc saw something that even Ceria Springwalker could not ignore. For once, she didn’t cause it.
Not here. Not in the Hanged Bait pub; if the owner thought the Siren was playing games, he’d ban her crew, and that was no idle threat.
Nor would it have been easy to find volunteers, for any amount of gold. Not with Bloodtear surrounding Ceria. The [Agent of Corruption] had been sitting with her head in her hands, clearly unsure of how to further provoke anything from Ceria.
When it came, it was just…well, from them.
They’d watched the loud Bloodtear Pirates enjoying themselves with the half-Elf, served first, laughing loudly, and they had that problem where someone else enjoying themselves became a detriment to one’s own happiness.
The Bleakbeak Raiders watched as Ceria recounted the tale of the Village of the Dead, and ended on her companions, stranded across Chandrar.
“…Ksmvr’s alive, and so is Yvlon, and they’re not in bad straits. Yvlon’s in the gladiator rings and Ksmvr’s got a bounty on his head, but they can take care of each other. But my friend—Pisces. He’s in Roshal’s clutches.”
Ceria looked around as the Bloodtear Pirates listened. Gorry was grinning as she finished.
“The Siren’s not likely to let me go with my…possessions.”
“You mean what you took from the village.”
Ceria grimaced.
“Yeah. And I hear Roshal’s as dangerous as can be.”
“Dangerous as Krakens at sea, in their own way. You’d need a powerful force to steal from a Djinni.”
“Mhm. So…how much does Bloodtear charge for a raid?”
Both [Captains] looked at each other, then Aldrail and Jiupe burst into laughter. Omusc froze, but Jiupe grinned.
“I knew I liked you! Straight to the heart, eh? You think you can hire us?”
“Maybe? I don’t want all of Bloodtear…wouldn’t a single crew do?”
“Ah, but then Roshal holds a grudge on all of us. ‘Sides, it’s land. We fight best at sea. That’s interesting, though. Very…interesting.”
Jiupe sat back, brows raised. Aldrail grinned.
“I won’t lie, Ice Squirrel. We’re not keen to fight Roshal. How far gone is he?”
Ceria grimaced.
“Two and a half weeks. But I’ll get him back. I promise.”
That was when the mocking laughter started. The Garuda listening in called out from a table well away from the [Pirates] and Ceria, proving they’d been listening in. But the entire pub had; Ceria had to raise her voice to talk to her audience and she was the celebrity of the hour.
“From Roshal? Good luck, half-Elf. Gold-ranks have broken the same as everyone else. No one’s getting free from Lailight Scintillation.”
One of the Bleakbeak Raiders laughed at Ceria unkindly. She looked at the other Garuda, face blank as she reached for another handful of salted peanuts. That was it. Just a moment for mockery. The kind of unpleasantness that was the precursor to truly disliking someone.
The Bloodtear Pirates had gone quiet, eying Ceria as she sat there. The half-Elf slowly raised her cup.
“I’ll get him back. Even if I have to get to Lailight Scintillation.”
