8.53 FH
Page 21
“It’s been years. I guess…I have. She went up to challenge Cognita and—I’ve never been back. It took me a long time to make my peace with it, everything that happened. If I went back I think it would hit me, but—I never did.”
Revine envied Ceria’s steady tone. She shook her head. No wine; Revine had purified water, the real stuff, and took a drink of it.
“You haven’t been…? Ah, you were expelled. You might well return, you know.”
“I…I’ve never thought of that. Yes. Wistram wouldn’t refuse me entry?”
The Siren sneered as she turned around, thinking of her alma mater, and in a sense, the place where she had grown up as much as the streets of this very city.
“Not Wistram. Not for a Gold-rank adventurer. I have returned to Wistram myself, despite my status as ‘criminal’ by many sensibilities. Rarely; the academy has little to offer me besides politicking, and Wistram is not interested in Savere’s dealings. Too unscrupulous for their high-minded ways. To me, there is little difference between dealing with gangs and [Mages].”
Ceria nodded cautiously.
“Did…may I ask, Revine, why you didn’t stay at Wistram? Or why you and Illphres parted ways?”
Revine snorted bitterly.
“Haven’t you been listening? Illphres stayed. I left. I asked her many times—even when I became the Siren—if she would leave. She refused. Her magic changed her. The academy changed her, when she saw how pitiful the other [Mages]’ dreams were. She was one of a few who loved magic. Everyone else, the majority were…”
She trailed off. Ceria hesitated.
“Petty?”
Revine turned and laughed. She shook her head.
“The rest were like me. Practical. We knew the doors would never open. Illphres was the dreamer. She was the one who was obsessed with the challenge, with the impossible. She kept trying until everything else fell away.”
The half-Elf lowered her head. Revine drank furiously, and turned her head.
“Bring me something stronger! Krakenblood Rum!”
That was it. A simple story. A woman who gambled everything after fifty years of toil—and it was all wasted. Wasted, by that murderous Truestone Golem, an Archmage’s trickery.
Except for Ceria. Revine saw the dark rum being brought over. In shot glasses. She took one, hesitated before tossing it down. Ceria was offered one and Revine snapped at the terrified serving girl.
“Did I tell you to serve her some? You idiot. Don’t try this, Ceria.”
With that, she tossed the drink down. A small shot of Krakenblood, people said, could knock a [Drunk] out. Revine shook her head.
“—I’m a [Hydromancer]. Try it if you want, but if you faint, I’ll throw you down the steps and let you sleep it off.”
Ceria gingerly tasted the dark liquid and gagged.
“My tongue’s going numb! How did you…?”
Revine laughed with genuine pleasure.
“I am a [Hydromancer]. Illphres never could hold her liquor—I could drink all of our group under the table. Liquor is still a liquid. As my class progresses, we learn more than mere magic. Poison—my spells have saved me from poison more than once. I doubt I could ever die of thirst, even in Zeikhal. You’re entering that stage too, aren’t you?”
She eyed Ceria. The half-Elf took another taste of the Krakenblood and put it to the side. She nodded.
“My aura, you mean.”
“Your aura, your eyes…Illphres would have taught you to mitigate it. She never had an aura, but she could create the same effect with magic alone. She never finished teaching you, did she?”
Ceria shook her head, shamefaced. Revine eyed her, swaying a bit despite her boasts.
