8.53 FH
Page 24
Revine’s partner? Was she married?
For answer, Revine made a psking sound and raised her voice.
“Joam? Come here and greet my guest.”
Ceria saw nothing for a second. Revine glared.
“Joam!”
There was a yowl, and then Ceria saw a moving orb of water carrying a startled creature towards them. It leapt off with surprising familiarity, landed in the Siren’s lap, and sniffed the food. She offered it an eel, and the cat, which looked wet despite the orb of water not actually leaving any of it on Joam, accepted the treat.
The Watercat, Joam, had fins and gills. He could swim through water with amazing ease and, apparently, breathe in it, and he dove into the Siren’s chair made of water and out the other side to peek at Ceria.
“This is Joam. The only other being I trust not to stab me in my sleep besides Rasea Zecrew, my sister.”
Revine gave Ceria a sardonic look. The half-Elf hesitated.
“He’s, uh—very handsome. I can see why you trust him…?”
Revine smiled.
“Yes. He doesn’t have hands. Servant! Fetch Joam his meal. I feed him any number of foods—although he mostly does eat fish and the like. Also, Sariant Lambs.”
Ceria saw the cat lick his chops at that. She eyed the cat.
“Er, Your Majesty. I appreciate you telling me about Illphres. But why…?”
Revine ignored the question. She stared past Ceria, and the half-Elf turned her head slowly and saw a very rough sketch compared to the paintings in the room. Something a much poorer person might pay an [Artist] for with a bit of silver. Ceria saw a group of young people and…she blinked.
Illphres. Revine murmured to herself.
“In those days, I almost bought into Illphres’ dream to challenge the Golems. Almost. Until I saw how many people died. We weren’t alone back then, though. If things had played out differently—if she hadn’t vanished—you know, Illphres tried to apprentice herself to a master, just like you did.”
“Really? Who?”
Revine shrugged.
“The only woman who shared her dreams. Valeterisa, Archmage of Izril. But she was a recluse, and besides—she vanished. I hear she’s back. We all had that dream, though. Illphres, Valeterisa, even Viltach used to be one of us in spirit—but he lost his nerve when he had his first child.”
“…Hm?”
Ceria frowned. She felt like she’d missed something there.
“You mean…Archmage Viltach? He has children?”
Revine laughed at her.
“You think Archmages are celibate? Yes, he kept all his affairs outside of Wistram, though. Unlike some Archmages, he doesn’t go after fellow [Mages]. You truly didn’t know? It’s a minor secret at best.”
She seemed delighted by Ceria’s reactions to things like this. Revine leaned forwards.
“Have you kept up with the intrigue at Wistram? There is some grand secret there, but no one will tell me what it is.”
“Some secret…? No. I don’t know many Wistram [Mages] although—I know a half-Elf and a former [Mage], and they both said the same thing.”
Ceria thought of Falene and Viceria. The Siren frowned darkly.
“I as well, but my position and my allies are few there. I have been meaning to ferret it out, but I trust few of those in Savere to represent me properly. There are [Mages] here—decent ones—but not ones I trust. If I had an agent…I could send her abroad. Or trade places without leaving an untrustworthy commander in my place to stage a coup. You understand?”
It all went back to her. Ceria bit her tongue, then spoke, as carefully and professionally as she could. The Siren’s eyes flicked up and she focused on Ceria with a gaze as deep as the sea.
