8.53 FH
Page 4
A champion who will go down in legend…but she let go of the sword. She looks at me, and then I rasp.
“Is this your first time here?”
She looks at me, eyes widening, scrambling backwards. I tear the sword hilt free, toss it down, and snap the blade with my boot. The cheering stops.
Her friends pull her backwards, shielding her. Now they’re rallying around her, but—she’s still staring at me. And I? I smile behind my visor. Perhaps my illusion copies it, if it’s still working.
“Do you see…death?”
She doesn’t understand, and I begin to swing my sword again. Now—I have a target. I reach for a healing potion. Out of the corner of my eye, I think I can see it waiting.
 
——
 
Is this your first time here?
It was not mockery. It was an honest question. A warning. I cannot explain to her, not with words, and I am not an eloquent speaker like the others. How can I say it? Trey and Teres—they are her age. Children. Teres has a sword and she is good with it, again, for her age and experience.
Trey might understand better. It is not vanity. It is simply…truth.
I have done this a thousand times. Ten thousand times. I am bleeding, exhausted, and they still strike at me. Yet.
This was not the battle where I crawled in my own guts to find a sword. 
This was not the day when I wept for weariness and slept among corpses.
This was not the day I saw Tottenval die.
Even so, this may yet be the day I…
Now I feel the blade slide in through my side. It hurts. Every time, after so many wounds, it hurts and I scream for the pain of it. A razor’s edge, hot, burning, trying to bake me from within.
The worst blow I have taken yet. And it is hunting deeper. Trying to end me.
Lift. The. Sword.
I do, and then we meet again. Her eyes are wide, desperate, and she sees me. This is the second time.
This time—the entire army is watching in silence. Her dead comrades lie around me, sacrificing themselves for this single moment. A chance to fell a legend.
An enchanted blade sticking out of my side. A blow fit for a [Hero].
The stuff of stories. After this, they will cheer her. She will be an officer, elevated to Silk or beyond. The Queen of Nerrhavia’s Fallen, Yisame herself, will see this warrior kneel before her. If she lives, she will be a legend. The story that began with the day she felled—
The girl recoils as I slash at her, and the pain—it’s still there, but the blade vanishes. She retreats, then freezes.
For I am laughing.
I am laughing, I know. Weeping for her.
The bravery to strike at me, the daring to take a mortal wound to fell a monstrous foe. All of this is genuine. All of it is grand.
But—
“I have been here before.”
She doesn’t understand. Perhaps she thinks I’m rambling. I point my sword at her. Ah—poison runs down the blade. I know how to use this enchantment. I rasp, and it feels like my voice is gone, through screaming, shouting—breathing that bloody air. I look her in her eyes.
“I was you. But girl. I have been here before and held your blade.”
I have been you. Now she understands. I charge, and the army watches. I bring that sword down, and look into those bright eyes until they close.
When I rise—turn my head—I see it in their eyes. That is when they begin to break.
 
——
 
I am on my knees. I cannot remember when I fell. It is dark. I grope around for my sword, but I’ve lost it.
“Not yet.”
So I stand.
 
——
 
Were they reinforcements? Did they rally? All I know is that the sun is rising again. Yet I have a reprieve. Somehow.
