8.53 FH
Page 45
The Siren had one of her personal [Mages] doing that. The [Corruptor] gulped as the busy woman sorted through her work flow.
“…Who’s this ‘Omniscel’?”
“The [Enchanter] you wanted, Siren? He came from Illivere where he was staying—”
“Ah. Send him up instantly. Hm. Yes…where were we, Dascy?”
“T-the half-Elf, Siren?”
The [Corruptor] was known as Dascy. A name that might not be relevant or need remembering in about five seconds.
Especially if the Siren dropped her. She was hanging over the balcony—not over the water, but the sheer rocks below. A hand made of water was holding her there. Revine eyed her as she sipped from a cup of purified water.
“Yes. You were explaining why Ceria Springwalker is showing no signs of changing her attitudes and I was wondering if I should drop you or throw you.”
“S-Siren, please. We’re doing our best! You know we are!”
“Then explain why nothing’s working.”
Dascy gulped.
“We’re [Corruptors], Siren. Not Roshal’s lot. We can’t…force people to do anything. You know our classes.”
“Remind me.”
“Well…we need something to latch onto. Most people, they’re hiding something. Like some [Magistrate]. He can act however he wants, but if he’s greedy, or favors one group over another—we can take that. Same with someone who acts high-and-mighty, but really loves the brothel.”
“Hypocrisy.”
The [Mage] supplied helpfully. The Siren turned to glare and the [Mage] decided to continue communications elsewhere. She tapped a foot.
“Yes. You latch on, you offer them what they want, and they start to see it our way. I expected to have Ceria on a raid within the week.”
“She wouldn’t do it willingly, Siren. You’d have to threaten her, and hold the Nerhs people hostage—which is why we brought them.”
“Yes. And…”
Dascy gulped. She did not like floating in the air like this, as the wind blew at her back.
“…And then she’ll push back. But you threaten her, and get her to slowly push at her values—we’ve done it before! [A Crack in Morality]. T-that’s my best Skill. And [See It My Way]. Omusc’s been putting Ceria in positions where she has to see our [Slaves]. She drinks with Bloodtear every night!”
“So why haven’t your Skills been working?”
“I don’t know, alright?”
The Siren recoiled slightly. Dascy snapped, at the end of her wits.
“I don’t know! She’s too laid back! She’s—she’s a glutton! She eats, sleeps, drinks—she’s selfish and she’s not pretentious! She acts like she wants to! Do you know how hard it is to tempt someone who does what they want?”
The Siren frowned. The door opened as she opened her mouth to reply.
“Omniscel the Enchanter has arrived! Forsooth, I have come from lands far—oh. Is this a bad time?”
An [Enchanter] with a magnificent white beard exploded into the room with hands raised. He had a glittering cloak of magic, and wands in both hands—the Drake spotted Dascy dangling in space and hesitated.
The Siren hesitated, because Omniscel, which was a Drake name, for a Drake…she stared at the huge, white beard hanging off his scaled chin. So did Dascy, despite the imminent threat of death.
“You’re my [Enchanter]?”
“Er. Yes. Omniscel the Omnipotent! Grand [Enchanter] specializing in artifacts! And I’m told you, oh great Siren, have a Relic-class object. Therefore, I…are you going to toss that woman? I’d like to step out if I may. I get queasy at the sight of death.”
The Drake eyed Dascy. The Siren hesitated, as nonplussed by him as he was by her. Slowly, the giant water hand pulled Dascy back. She hit the balcony, scrambled into the Siren’s rooms, and lay in a fetal position, hugging herself, as the Siren addressed the Drake.
