8.53 FH
Page 27
“Am I bothering you, Ice Squirrel?”
“It’s morning. What?”
The [Pillager] hesitated. Ceria rubbed at her face. Omusc glanced out one of the windows.
“It’s nearly midday. What’re you talking about?”
“It’s morning.”
 
——
 
Ceria was still bleary-eyed at breakfast. She stared at a giant piece of fowl meat.
“What’s this?”
“Bird. Some kind of it. You picky?”
“No.”
Ceria began chomping down instantly. Omusc reached for her plate. She cracked part of her face open—one of the other [Bandits] at the table turned away, gagging—deposited a slice of meat into her face, and then began to chew normally.
She waited for a reaction. Ceria just blinked at her a few times.
“So you’re Omusc. Is that…a pun?”
Along the table, one of the very specialist classes that Savere could field watched her target. Oh yes. [Corruptor] was a class.
There were always people like her in the world. People whose job it was to bribe, convince, threaten, or do whatever it took to get someone to abandon beliefs.
Sometimes it wasn’t hard. They were needed for sabotage, intrigue, and they could even make [Traitors]. Savere didn’t exist with the goodwill of other nations alone. They had people like her in every area.
Her job, and Omusc’s to some extent, was to fulfill the Siren’s wish and see who this Gold-rank was deep down. Reveal her true nature—sometimes you found just a bastard—or just someone who was like they were normally, only freed of fault.
Everyone had a weak spot. She narrowed her eyes, appraising Ceria as Omusc sat there, bemused. Ceria stared as a frightened person brought over more food.
“Got a problem with my face, Ice Squirrel?”
Omusc was trying to rile Ceria up. And…the [Bandits] grabbed for foods, calling insults at the [Slave] as more was brought around. Ceria turned, saw the collar, and now…the [Agent of Corruption] leaned in.
Now she understood what Savere was. Adventurers were tricky. Not all were upstanding, but some took lots of work. Yet the Siren had no limits, and there were lots of Skills that did many things. But she had to know what Ceria Springwalker was like.
The half-Elf blinked at the [Slave]. She looked at Omusc. She bit into a sandwich of chicken.
“…Is Omusc not a pun? It’s really early. Sorry…why are you with me?”
Omusc’s and the [Agent]’s faces fell. Dead gods damnit. Was she just an idiot?
 
——
 
Ceria rubbed at her head.
“So you’re a [Pillager].”
“Yes.”
“Isn’t that sort of a weird class?”
One of the [Bandits] from the Nerhs raid sniggered. They were her eating buddies, having gained some respect for Ceria after seeing her take down so many Crelers. They were also off-duty, having been given a leave for the incident.
Omusc had multiple eyes. Her entire left side was…mollusc. That meant it was flexible. She didn’t even have limbs. Indeed, her left arm was so long it was uncanny. And, if she wanted to, she could change parts of her body on that side.
Including her eyes. She pulled off the staring, painted piece of wood, revealing the pink insides, and pasted another piece of bark in its place.
A painted eye glared at Ceria.
“The fuck you mean weird? We fight, I pillage. I’m the reason a raid comes back with more loot than normal. Hidden stashes, artifacts—I grab it all.”
“Right…but that means all your Skills are devoted to the one moment when you get everything. It’s just…really specialized. You know, like [Treasure Hunters]. I get it—but they appraise loot, find it, and have Skills to sell it. Sort of an odd distribution.”
“She’s got you there, Omusc. Tell her about your Skills—oof!”
