8.53 FH
Page 46
“No. I have the circlet I want you to appraise right here. It may be cursed…I want you to tell me what it does, what it’s worth—and if you spill any secrets.”
“Please, Siren! I am a professional. Is that the circlet? Dead gods, you put it out there in the open? What if it opens a rift and swallows us whole?”
The Drake recoiled as he saw the circlet on the pedestal. Instantly, the Siren backed up.
“That could happen?”
“I’ve never seen it myself, no. But it could, in theory. Ah, but you have a Cortix Cube around it…that’s what I’d tell any [Mage] to use. So the chances of any curse activating are very slim, even if it’s possessed.”
The Siren relaxed and glared at Omniscel as he stroked his beard. [Mages]. They were either normal people—or people like him. He stalked around it.
“I think I can do a quick appraisal from the get-go here. We’ll need to transport it to a formal working environs to analyze later…I say, this is quite cleverly done.”
“I can transport it now.”
The Siren clearly wanted to get back to Dascy, but Omiscel waved his wand.
“I think I can do a rough appraisal right now, Siren. And I do want to check that moving it won’t trip a Tier 8 destructive spell.”
Put like that…the Siren backed off with Dascy to another part of the huge central room, where she could hiss at her.
“Fine. You have trouble with the half-Elf. But I demand results!”
“I know, Siren! There are six of us on her, but she’s…she’s tough! It’s like she’s some kind of honest [Knight]—or she’s just been through too much!”
The Siren chewed this over.
“You can’t corrupt a [Slaver] of Roshal.”
“That’s because they’re already too far gone. You can bribe them—we can do that, but she’s a Gold-rank, Siren. Rich. And that’s not the problem or else you wouldn’t need us to corrupt her to begin with. It’s finding the chink in her armor.”
The Siren frowned.
“She has to have one.”
“I know, but it’s like hitting a brick wall. Normally we get her mad, but [Slaves], insults…”
“Insult her team. Be more creative! She’s also as oblivious as her [Ice Wall] spells. Have Omusc take her to buy a [Slave] or something—she’s from Terandria. Maybe she just doesn’t care. This is not my job, so figure it out by the end of the week or I’ll start removing digits!”
Revine snapped. She was watching Omniscel edge around the circlet with grave misgivings. The circlet looked like something made of plain silver, incidentally, one smooth, perfect piece.
Although…maybe it was mithril? It was a beautiful pale material without ornamentation or anything else. Revine believed it looked like that as much as Dascy believed she could fly.
It was a Relic, she was sure. And so was Omniscel.
“It’s definitely powerful, Siren! It’s hiding it, but dead gods!”
She wasn’t certain this [Enchanter] was any good. For instance, he had a wand in both claws and he was waving both around like a child.
“Does that idiot actually know what he’s doing?”
She snapped at her [Communication Mage] as the woman hurried back. The [Mage] eyed Omniscel.
“He’s supposed to be a very good [Mage], Siren. One of the best in this region.”
“Well, he looks like an idiot. What news on the ship?”
The woman gulped and cast an eye out towards the storm at sea.
“We finally have a name, Siren. Details. Um—they’re fleeing pursuit. One ship. They claim their pursuers are getting lost in the storm, but they want shelter at Savere. They’ll pay more than just docking fees—it’s one of the Vessels.”
