8.53 FH
Page 1
People. I know how they look because I have seen them smile. They look different, and all of Stitch-Folk is only skin-deep. They know that, and those soldiers standing in a line are braver than the riders on chariots will ever be.
I do not want to kill them. Throw down your arms and flee. You know me.
—Perhaps they believe in their cause. In that case, they stand there, and I stand here. Walking towards them. A shield in my left hand. A sword in my right. This sword burns, and they shudder as they watch it.
Just an Everflaming Sword. A cheap weapon even a Silver-rank could afford. I will wield many before this battle ends. But it is a reminder.
Run.
What do they see? I think—they must see a glorious figure. I cannot remember which face I wear. Perhaps she looks like them. Cut of cloth, striding along, hair blowing like fire. Taller than I am in actuality. Her armor will be shining like burnished Truegold and they will know me not for one face, but simply because of that appearance.
Now they realize it. I can see the [Soldiers] turning their heads. Looking up, as if Takhatres’ tribe might be nearby. Scanning the distant, flat battleground for the rest of my army. They won’t find it, but they’re even searching for [Invisibility] spells.
Then they scream my name. Not the one I was given at birth, but the name I chose. I have heard it from either side, countless times. I raise my sword and stop. Yes, that’s me.
“Mars!”
A roar, meant to be contemptuous, perhaps so they believe it. A lone warrior come to meet an entire army of Nerrhavia’s Fallen on the sands. The soldiers are already spreading out to encircle me, but I can see the hesitation on their faces as the officers shout orders.
They have never done this before. Surround a single warrior? How does an army fight one woman?
Exactly. Exactly…you have done too well against the others. We’ve left too many of Reim’s dead. So it’s just me.
I halt as the Hemp [Soldiers] stop four dozen feet away from me. Oh—they’re already shooting arrows. I barely notice.
I can’t even feel the impacts on my armor. Someone tries for a [Piercing Shot] and it feels as though someone tickled my armor. I can see and hear the arrow shafts snapping, though.
I raise my sword overhead and they halt. That’s enough for an entire army. The words come to me again, and I shout them wearily. It rarely changes anything, but I still hope.
“Flee or perish! In the name of the King of Reim! By the will of the King of Destruction! I am Mars the Illusionist! Greatest of the Seven! I will not quit this field until the last foe falls before me or runs howling back into the sands that birthed you!”
I see them tremble at the words. Mere words. Admittedly, they sound as if Zamea herself shouts them. A simple voice-changing spell.
It is my voice which roars in their ears, fit for the name. Mars. Vassal of the King of Destruction. The King’s Seven.
I do not lie, either. I am highest-levelled. There are others who are better than me in many things. Almost all things, actually. Sometimes it bothers me. Takhatres, Gazi, even Orthenon, who is not technically one of us, but is—
Those that remain have so many useful talents. I? I can make my [King] laugh and that is good. But in peace, I am so very useless.
Here—I lower my sword and plant the tip in the ground. My head bowed. I wait. Someone hurls a javelin into my back with all their might. An enchanted tip. A blow from the mighty Silk nobles.
