8.53 FH
Page 23
“This is really good stuff. What is this? Eels?”
“You’ve never had it?”
The half-Elf began scarfing down the actually very tasty food.
“Nope. Love it. Eels? Not bad at all. Do you have it with this rice stuff? That’s new too, but I’ve had it recently.”
“Er. Yes. With chopst—”
Ceria began putting the eels and other side dishes with the rice—and eating it with a fork. The Siren reflected that on the whole…it wasn’t much worse than the rest of her underlings’ manners.
Revine spoke after Ceria’s first burst of hunger had abated.
“I asked Illphres to come with me many times. Her abilities were second to only the best [Mages] living—she might have even made Archmage if she could stand to build alliances.”
Ceria lowered her fork slightly.
“Yes…she did say that she had no patience for it. So she didn’t want to leave?”
Revine’s mouth twisted.
“She did not. I offered her a position just under mine. Savere is a powerful place; the Bloodtear Pirates are not the only powerful force on the seas that comes here. Any [Pirate] that seeks to trade, repair their ships, or gang on Chandrar might well come here. Even groups from other continents. But you can imagine it is not simple to keep them in line.”
Ceria nodded cautiously. Revine glowered at sights unseen.
“I am the Siren—which means I have the right to refuse any group hospitality if they bring trouble. Savere is quite capable of doing battle with any group, so they abide by my rules largely. But there are many after my position. Illphres…with her, I would have feared no one. You understand why?”
“…Because she was that powerful?”
Ceria hazarded a guess. Revine pinched at the bridge of her nose.
“Dead gods. I forget you didn’t even get to your fourth year—they never told you about elemental combinations, did they? Illphres was an ice mage. I specialize in water. We were complementary!”
The half-Elf blinked. She slurped down an eel as Revine explained.
“Water and ice grow stronger together. We are two close elements. So close—temperature is the only difference between us. Fire and lightning. Earth and metal—none are as close as our two.”
She lifted a finger and a twirl of water brought a bowl of light broth up. It froze into a pillar as Ceria watched, and Revine dipped her spoon into the broth, which began to steam before Ceria’s eyes.
“Water magic is infinite in possibility so long as water exists. Frost has power even without water, but requires it for strength. One molds and changes constantly—the other is static, shattering. A duality of strength. And one is weak against the other. You cannot freeze an ocean, but water is helpless once turned to ice.”
Her eyes flicked upwards to Ceria.
“—Which is why I would not trust any [Cryomancer] to help me. But together, we could combine our powers, Illphres and I. Moreover, she would have been someone I trusted. Trust is the most valuable commodity in Savere, more than gems or magic.”
“Is it…that difficult, Siren?”
Ceria’s mind was racing ahead of this conversation. She thought she understood why Revine had gone to all this trouble now, and she wasn’t sure she liked the answer her mind presented her with. But she had to admit, it hadn’t been bad thus far. Revine had clearly been true friends with Illphres and the food was good.
The Siren smiled tightly.
“I trust two people in this world not to kill me in my sleep if it benefits them. My sister, Rasea, and Joam. And I only trust Rasea because she’d rather duel me face-to-face.”
Ceria bit her tongue. She began to say something—decided it was a bad idea. After a second, she coughed.
“Er—who’s Joam?”
