8.53 FH
Page 15
The [Bandit] emphasized again. And as if to prove that, the Siren was personally striding over, cutting the laughter short. Ceria glanced up, half-choking on Yellats, and saw an icy glare Illphres would have been proud of on Revine’s face.
She glanced at the clearly disparate faction at the other table. They dressed and acted in a way that clearly set themselves apart from Revine’s crew.
The Siren dressed like a [Mage]-[Noble], with the richness of enchanted cloth, and her palace wasn’t filthy; on the contrary, it was one of the grandest settings Ceria had ever been to.
Yet there was a looseness to the discipline here. Rather than [Soldiers], she had what looked like [Rogues] and [Bandits] who’d taken up semi-official posts. They had good gear, no ragged holes in leather, but they even sauntered around in small patrols, and most eschewed shields.
For instance, the [Bandits] who’d come to Nerhs to demand protection money wore light leather under chainmail, and carried bows, swords, like any [Outrider] group or [Scout] party.
They also had throwing daggers and a few other nasty tricks, like a blast vial. Their [Enforcement Raider] leader had an enchanted, scimitar-like blade and magic boots.
Also—again—it was an all-female group, even the [Corrupt Accountant] who had ridden with them. Very interesting.
By contrast, the men and women at the other table were practically bare-chested. A jerkin exposing skin—to be fair, it was leather—or just casual clothing. They swaggered around with single weapons, not lacking for attitude among Savere’s forces, but they had a curious walk. And, Ceria noticed, they tended to have a wand, side-arm in a sleeve holster or at their belt, and jewelry that was clearly magical.
[Pirates].
The Siren of Savere put them all to silence, though. She stopped in front of Ceria and stared down at the half-Elf who really did feel like a Yellat was trying to come out her nose. Her look of disgust made Ceria swallow, or try to.
“You. Come with me.”
Ceria slowly rose as the [Bandits] bowed or dipped their heads. Meanwhile, the [Pirates] watched. One stood up to tell the others that someone interesting had dropped by.
 
——
 
The Siren of Savere glared at Ceria as the two walked higher. She halted Ceria and pointed.
“Do you understand what Savere is, Ceria Springwalker?”
The half-Elf followed her finger. It traced along one of the open-air windows to the outside. Salty air blew in, along with the other odors of the port. Not great for the drapes…which meant it was a good thing the palace had none, at least in these hallways.
Ceria eyed the largest docks she’d seen short of First Landing. A massive port, heaving with ships and crew, was outside. And—yet again—different from any city like Pallass or Liscor.
She could see a fight on the streets taking place between groups of [Sailors] or [Pirates]. Rather than anyone breaking it up, she thought she distinctly saw one of Savere’s patrols cheering on the fight. From so high up and far off, Ceria didn’t see more than a flash of limbs, someone attacking someone from behind. But she did see blood when someone drew a dagger.
Cargo came off ships, and it did seem like a fairly orderly system. However…Ceria eyed the ships and she saw pendants, flags that were not like the regular ones. Too many skull motifs. Indeed, one of the hulls was even painted red, with some kind of teardrop motif in blue. At least, she assumed it was paint.
“Savere’s a bandit kingdom.”
Ravine gave Ceria a thin smile.
