8.53 FH
Page 28
Omusc’s arm shot out and punched someone in the stomach. Ceria blinked. She could extend her arms? It wasn’t lightning quick but…the [Pillager] glared around.
“It’s not a wasted class. Ever seen someone strip gold paint from the walls? I can steal everything. I can steal things that aren’t there!”
She pointed a finger at Ceria.
“You get on my bad side and I’ll steal everything you own after I kick the shit out of you—and your mother’s jewelry, no matter where she is!”
Ceria blinked at Omusc.
“My mother’s jewelry is mostly wood. Painted. Half-Elf jewelry sucks.”
The [Bandits] fell over each other laughing. Omusc strode around, swatting at them. She moved very fluidly, and Ceria suspected she wasn’t lying—[Pillager] was an advanced class. When she came back, more than a few were groaning and swearing at her.
“Omusc, you hit me again and I’ll stab you!”
One woman threatened, raising a dagger. Omusc turned her head.
“Yeah? Go ahead. I’ll let you have five.”
The [Bandit] glared, but she backed up and not just because her friends talked her down. Omusc turned back and eyed Ceria.
“Just so you know, the Siren wants me to keep you alive, but I’ll kick the hell out of you if you mock me again.”
“I’m not mocking you.”
Ceria saw the woman narrow her one real eye. Ceria leaned on her chin, fascinated.
“I know a Drowned Man…but you’re nothing like him.”
“Great. Another expert on Drowned People. You know one, you know ‘em all, huh?”
Omusc rolled her eyes. Ceria felt this was somewhat inaccurate.
“No—I just meant—”
Someone took a swing at Omusc from behind. Without moving her head, the woman twisted her mollusc arm back behind her back, blocked the blow at an angle that would have snapped Ceria’s bones if she tried that, and punched.
Molluscs apparently had eyes in the back of their heads. Or something. Also, Omusc was apparently as tough as nails.
“I’m a Drowned Woman Mollusc. Not sure exactly which one it is—don’t know, don’t care. I know what I can do. I’ve survived more fights because of that than anything else. Like the other half of my body or does it make you sick?”
Ceria shrugged.
“My best friend’s got morphing silver arms.”
Omusc glanced at her.
“Huh. Sounds nice. Horns of Hammerad, right?”
Ceria blinked.
“Does everyone know who I am?”
The [Enforcement Raider] laughed with great amusement.
“Didn’t you know? You were on every scrying orb in the world a while ago! Just for a moment—and we didn’t see you lot, but ‘course we know!”
“Really? We were on the scrying orb?”
A delighted look passed over Ceria’s face briefly. Omusc snorted.
“You had no idea? Truly?”
“No! We were fighting—and then I was in this village in the middle of nowhere—wait. If you know that—did anyone die? The Halfseekers—Griffon Hunt—”
Suddenly, Ceria had a thousand questions and she realized she was in a bandit-held city. But still a city. She turned to Omusc and the [Pillager] raised her hands.
“I’m not a [Mage]. Like I said, I’m your guard—”
“Do you know how I can find out? Is there a Mage’s Guild or…?”
Half the [Bandits] fell over each other laughing again. Even Omusc grinned.
“Is there a Mage’s Guild. What, do half the cities in Izril not have one?”
“But you’re…[Bandits].”
The [Enforcement Raider] leaned over.
“We’re civilized bandits. For instance, we use cutlery.”
She looked pointedly at the finger-food Ceria had been eating. Someone else handed Ceria a napkin. She looked at Omusc, who seemed more amused, and that was how her strange stay in Runsblud began.
 
——
 
“Hey, we’ve got the Siren’s guest here! Service!”
