8.53 FH
Page 22
“I can tell. Your [Ice Walls] are too simple. I saw that copy of her [Fortress of the Ice Queen] spell…sloppy. It only fooled me from afar. You tried to freeze an Adult Creler? You didn’t think to keep a bag of holding with water on you? That is basic [Cryomancer] and [Hydromancer] training.”
“She didn’t prepare me for adventuring. And it was only two years…”
“Even so. You didn’t have any other spells? You said you were stranded in that nowhere village. Nels.”
“Nerhs. Yes. If I’d known, I would have taken water with me. But it was a teleportation spell gone awry…”
The Siren saw Ceria watching her, carefully. She reminded herself—Ceria wasn’t on her side. Just Illphres’ apprentice. Revine sat down on the wobbly water-chair.
“And you didn’t…cast [Condensation] and gather the water? You didn’t think to create an ice domain when you saw the Crelers coming? When you took the well’s water—you could have at least cast [Whiteout Blizzard] and fled. You fought extraordinarily well, but with, what? Four, six spells at most?”
Ceria turned beet red. Revine saw her open her mouth, stutter.
“I—I never learned any more spells from Illphres. I barely caught up to [Ice Wall] last year.”
“Last year…? Are you that stupid? You said Illphres was teaching you herself! She would have disowned any student who couldn’t pick up [Ice Wall] by—”
“She was dead. I didn’t have anything else but memories to go on!”
Revine’s lolling head rose. The Siren blinked. She muttered.
“[Sobering]…what? She never left you anything? Not her spellbook? Not…”
Ceria Springwalker shook her head.
“There was no time to ask. I was expelled and—she must not have included me in her will.”
The Siren blinked. Illphres’ apprentice sat there, looking forlorn. All that time without…?
That wasn’t like Illphres at all. She was so meticulous, and she wouldn’t have…Revine blinked at her.
“You don’t know any ice magic beyond what you’ve levelled and…? Truly?”
“I have a spellbook, but there aren’t many ice spells and I’m missing the fundamentals. I never completed my education.”
Revine’s mouth opened and closed.
“Wait. You said you were in your third year. Then—did they even teach you the higher courses? Linked magic? Domains?”
Ceria Springwalker bit her tongue.
“—I learned about linked casting this year. I cast a spell with my friend, Pisces. My friend who graduated, Montressa, called it natural link magic—”
Revine Zecrew sat back so far she nearly fell over. Instead, her chair turned into a recliner and she lay there.
You never knew anything besides the basics? No—her thoughts changed to astonishment. She sat up and looked at Ceria.
“You entered a death-zone, reached Level 30, became a Gold-rank adventurer without learning magical theory?”
The [Arctic Cryomancer] shrugged helplessly. Revine sat bolt upright, and her heart began to beat with excitement again. That was talent. That was…
Perfect. She was like Illphres, but not. The Illphres who left Wistram, who went out into the world and became an adventurer. She had accomplished this without a proper mentor. If she had one—
She was exactly what the Siren needed.
 
——
 
Savere had seafood. And if that was obvious, well…
The Siren watched Ceria carefully as they dined. She was still getting a handle on the half-Elf’s personality. To that end, she’d requested a dish that made some people turn squeamish. Trust was the thing.
Ceria stared down into a bowl of dozens of tiny, fried eels. Which, yes, looked like Selphids, albeit different in color, or…she slowly put her fork in the bowl, raised it—and began eating.
