8.53 FH
Page 50
“No need to thank us, Ceria. The least we can do is shut up loudmouths, even if Roshal’s under negotiations.”
He grinned at her, watching her face. And that’s when Omusk remembered. The Siren had said—
Tell the guests. The Bloodtear Pirates watched Ceria’s expression. Waiting. They saw her look at Aldrail, the dead Garuda, the one who lay motionless, who started it all with the barest provocation.
Ceria scratched at her head.
“…I’m not paying you to fight them. And if you get us kicked out of this pub, I’m going to be upset.”
Slowly, she reached out, picked up a handful of peanuts, and began chewing on them. Aldrail blinked. Omusc stared. Ceria sat herself back down and peered around.
“Wait, I’ve got a spell for this. [Spray Wave].”
A little wave of water rose and swirled around her table and raced out the door, red with blood. Ceria sat back. She raised her brows.
“You can take the bodies.”
The Bloodtear Pirates looked at her, and then whooped and cheered. All except for Aldrail, who looked at Ceria thoughtfully. And Omusc. What was she doing?
 
——
 
At last the Siren knew. She turned as the breathless [Agent] made her report, away from watching the Shifthold dock.
“That’s it. That’s what she’s doing. It’s exactly what Illphres would do. Clever…stupid? Clever, at least.”
“What, Siren?”
Dascy saw the Siren shake her head. She looked down at the Hanged Bait, cursing—it would be a Drowned Night soon enough if one or the other group didn’t leave. Revine could hear Garudas screaming in fury.
“She’s…stepping into her class. Her emotions. Her outrage. Everything. She’s freezing them.”
The [Corruptors] and [Communication Mage] stared at the Siren of Savere in astonishment.
“She can do that?”
Revine turned.
“Of course she can. A [Cryomancer] can freeze anything! That’s why you have no purchase on her. She’s no fool. She has to know she’s in danger. But she’ll go through this ice-cold.”
She sounded almost admiring. Revine shook her head as Omniscel did a little dance, clapping his claws together. She glared at him and turned back to her people.
“We need to thaw her out. It’s not hard. She’s playing a game with her magic, but she can’t do it if there isn’t any magic or we counter it. We’ll—what are you doing?”
The Siren shouted. Omniscel had lifted the circlet out of the containment field and was inspecting it with his bare claws. Then—he ‘held’ it on the tips of his wands.
“Oho. Oho. I think I’m figuring it out. You see, I knew this was a Relic-class object, so I went backwards. Instead of finding out merely what enchantments it was, I looked up a list of powerful circlets—and I think—”
“Are you trying to get us all killed?”
The Drake gave the Siren an offended look. She would have strode over and slapped the circlet out of his grasp—if she wasn’t preparing to teleport to safety.
“It’s perfectly safe, Siren. I’m impressed by your precautions. It’s so clever what you’ve done, and besides—I am an expert.”
“The precautions only work if it’s in the cube!”
The Siren screeched. Omniscel nearly dropped the circlet.
“What? Oh sh—wait a second.”
He caught it with his wands, eyed it, then picked it up with one claw and turned it over and over.
“Hmm…ah good one. I make a few jokes, you make a few jokes. I like this working relationship.”
He stroked his beard with his other claw, and saw the Siren staring at him. Omniscel blinked at the circlet and the Siren.
“Wait. Are you joking? What’s going on here?”
Revine Zecrew was lost for words. She looked at the [Enchanter], at her other minions—at the circlet. She wanted to know that too. Then she’d kill him.
