8.53 FH
Page 16
“Savere is the bandit kingdom. There are other places—none so official as this. None that have official borders and trades and makes war with the authority of a nation. I am the Siren of Savere, and you are my guest. Quite an…interesting one.”
Her tone and look made Ceria hastily wipe her face; she had a bit of food on her chin.
“Er, I’m sorry, Siren Revine. Is that how I should address you?”
“That will do. Do you always eat so?”
Ceria’s ears turned a bit red.
“Uh—it’s my icebreaking trick, Siren.”
The [Hydromancer] snorted.
“And Illphres is your master. We did not converse on the ride here overlong.”
“Yes. Um. She was my master for two years. Before she…you knew her? You were her fr—”
Revine made a slashing gesture, eyes sliding sideways. Ceria hesitated, and the Siren glanced out another window.
“Yes or no will do. We will converse in my domain later. There are ears everywhere in Savere. While I am the principal power, I am not the only power here, and you would do well to remember that. Did you see the guests of Savere?”
“The [Pirates]?”
Revine’s expression darkened slightly as she glanced out at the harbor through another window again. She stared at the ships with the painted hulls—Ceria saw no less than nine in tight formation at the docks.
“They are the Bloodtear Pirates. You’ve heard of them?”
The half-Elf inhaled sharply. Yes, she had. The Bloodfeast Raiders were known across Izril as the principal [Bandit] gang, but they were a rare, elusive force. Arguably…copycats of the famous [Pirate] army who flew under one flag and slaughtered their foes.
The Bloodtear Pirates. She felt her skin prickle a bit. Revine looked somewhat approvingly at her expression.
“Then you understand they can be touchy. Half would challenge you to a blood duel for the sport of it if they knew you were a Gold-rank. You are under my protection, so fewer will dare, but that is a warning. The other?”
She flicked a finger as they passed by a third window on the sea-facing corridor. Ceria saw the flicker of magic and dove.
Ceria heard a scream. Revine stared down at Ceria lying sprawled on the ground. The scream had not come from her. Rather, it came from outside.
A figure clinging to the exterior of the palace fell, screaming, as their handhold on the stone grew slick. Ceria scrambled up, looked out the window, and wished she hadn’t. She saw the Siren glancing at her, amused.
“You sensed my magic. Illphres did teach you something.”
“Who was…?”
The Siren was already walking on.
“An idiot who thought they’d profit by knowledge. Which they would have if they got away. There are ears everywhere—save for my domain.”
Ceria hesitated, then walked after Revine.
“An [Assassin]?”
“No. I said, an idiot. A [Rogue], perhaps. A [Thief]? It doesn’t matter. Secrets have currency and there are brokers for that everywhere. You should know that. You were at Wistram. Then—expelled. We shall discuss the rest of it later, as I said. Make lighter conversation until we ascend.”
Another searching look. Ceria Springwalker slowed once more, and saw Revine looking at her.
Illphres had been in her fifties or sixties when she died. Ceria had never asked for exact details, but she had claimed to be younger than Ceria in actual, biological age. Ceria had been in her sixties already, albeit as she often said, sixty for a half-Elf raised in the never changing forests. There were days there when you just sat and watched a tree grow all day long, or the shoots of a flower you’d planted.
