8.53 FH
Page 44
“I make it a point never to duel anyone with a weapon as tall as I am. I’m an adventurer. I don’t pick fights if I don’t have to. I like to eat, drink—”
“Dead gods, are you going to eat all the nuts?”
Aldrail exploded as Ceria emptied two thirds of the bowl. She stopped.
“…It’s just nuts. I thought you killed whales.”
The table exploded with laughter; though, it wasn’t really a joke. The Bloodtear Pirates, including Aldrail, roared with laughter as Jiupe got up to introduce herself.
It wasn’t that Ceria wasn’t trying to make an effort—she was, a bit. But mostly, she was neither. Neither intimidated nor eager to please. Neither confrontational nor overly diplomatic.
She just…was fun.
“I’m Captain Jiupe of Blood-By-Tide. You’re Crelerbane, eh? Put it there. From one to another.”
The half-Elf eyed the dangerous jelly-hand as Aldrail leaned back, swearing as his fur nearly tickled Jiupe’s skin. The Drowned Woman grinned mockingly—then swore.
Ceria reached out and shook her hand.
“You idiot—hah!”
The skeletal hand waggled its fingers and Jiupe laughed in delight. She slapped Ceria on the back with her other hand.
“This half-Elf I like! Gorry, you did right by finding her. Get me a round and you’ll tell me how you killed that Creler! Then the village—”
Aldrail nodded.
“You know any Gnolls? Been a while since I was home. Would have gone to the Meeting of Tribes if they wouldn’t string me up.”
“Really? You miss home? Well…the only Gnolls I know are Silverfang. Ever heard of them?”
“Uh…silver. That’s all I’ve got. I forgot you were around Liscor.”
Gorry was hopping with impatience. He leaned over.
“Captain. Wait’ll you hear she says they have a white Gnoll at the inn where she stays. Only, she’s under protection.”
Aldrail’s brows shot up.
“A white Gnoll on land? And the tribes haven’t axed her? There’s a proper recruit.”
Some of the other Gnolls looked askance at the very idea, but Jiupe recalled something about that and leaned over, even more intrigued. Ceria raised her brows.
“We have a lot to talk about. She’s only a kid, but…”
“I can see this is good stew right here. Hey! Drinks, you slow bastard! Get me a Krakenblood shot!”
The others laughed as Jiupe shouted for the famous rum. Ceria rose to her feet.
“And more peanuts! You’re paying, right?”
She turned to Jiupe. Omusc watched with a resigned face as more Garuda waiting at the bar grumbled as the Bloodtear Pirates were served first. The Bleakbeaks were getting less respect, and a ship was coming in. And it was actually fun—which was the problem.
 
——
 
The Siren of Savere stared out the window in her private domain. The top of the palace was hers, and this was a safe place.
Even so, Savere was not somewhere where she exercised complete, unquestioned control. If three Bloodtear [Captains] stood in close proximity to her…the Siren wouldn’t get into that situation without proper security, nor would they just try for her head.
But yes, some forces could push on her, so she did want Ceria on her side. Mostly because two [Mages] could play off each other’s powers.
Ceria could create Ice Elementals. When the Siren had heard that, she’d known. She wanted Ceria’s aid if it could be sequestered. She stared off into the distance. A storm was brewing at sea, but she could still see Runsblud’s own lighthouse by the shore, throwing a bright diffusion into the clouds.
She was tempted to turn it off.
“No ship lands at Savere without my permission. I’ll sink it myself if they can’t show me respect.”
“I think they were caught in some kind of magical disturbance, Siren. I am requesting details now.”
