8.53 FH
Page 42
Ceria delicately appended the question mark to the end of that statement like a butterfly landing on a flower. She saw the statement sink in on Revine much like Apista landing on anyone’s face.
The Siren of Savere’s expression changed from mild shock to a kind of subdued horror. She shuddered, then shouted.
“Ureita! What has that brat done—is she going around telling…? I will peel her fingernails off!”
She almost stormed out of the room, but halted as Ceria called out.
“So it’s not true?”
Revine whirled around. She stalked back and poked a finger at Ceria’s chest.
“Ureita was a girl when I took Savere and became the Siren. She grew up, and I did teach her magic because I saw her potential. She latched onto me, and she has ideas. Make no mistake. I regard her, if anything, like the daughter I never wanted and don’t have. She thinks—”
The Siren shuddered. Ceria winced, getting where she was coming from.
“She seemed, uh, rather taken with you.”
“She is a pest and I would have exiled her to another city if she wasn’t so good at her magic. She even combined her natural talents in lightning with my magic. She wants to be…Illphres.”
Or you. The Siren didn’t say that part.
“To link our magic. We might well be stronger for it, but I don’t trust her judgement or age. Ignore her. Servant. Find me Ureita.”
Ceria felt like she might have made things worse. Still…she left the Siren’s rooms after only an hour’s training, interrupted by the Siren interjecting to complain about her life. Omusc tapped her on the shoulder as she headed out.
“Give me a few minutes. Don’t leave.”
“I’ll wait and grab a snack.”
“Of course you will.”
Omusc sighed, squared her shoulders, and entered the Siren’s quarters as Ceria traded places with her. She was apprehensive—and the first thing she heard didn’t exactly make her feel better.
“Revine! Please!”
“Shut up! I am the Siren of Savere! If I hear you spreading lies about me—”
There was a brief argument—Omusc halted, her back to the door—then she saw another pair of women waiting for her. One was dressed in plain clothes—for her—and had been with the others at the table this morning. The other looked like an upstanding citizen—and both were very apprehensive.
Omusc heard a scream, heard the crack of magic, and saw Ureita for a second. The [Mage] waved her arms—right before a colossal hand made of water picked her up and threw her screaming over the balcony.
That wasn’t enough, incidentally. The Siren of Savere lifted her hands, and an orb of water as big as a house followed her down. The angry Bloodtear Pirates saw the orb strike the water, and the geyser of an explosion afterwards made them decide it was better to pay up blood money after all, steep as it was.
Omusc thought Ureita was probably alive. But that was no light spanking. One of her friends had to dive into the water to fish the unconscious [Mage] out of it.
The Siren watched long enough to see someone grab Ureita…and perhaps that was why she hadn’t drowned and floated. But her head turned, and Omusc and the two [Corruptors] were reminded of something as they stared at the docks where the old [Accountant] was still being pecked at.
This was not a boss you crossed lightly. She was not unfair…most of the time, but Omusc coughed.
“Er—we can come back later, Siren?”
She was slightly hopeful and her companions nodded. The Siren pointed a finger, advancing on them.
“You’re going to get to work, Omusc. I have a ship coming in and I don’t know who it is—go find out. But I want Ceria on our side. It’s been five days, and I don’t see any progress! You—go with her.”
