8.53 FH
Page 18
They passed into the Siren’s territory in a moment as they reached the stairwell and headed up. Ceria felt a tingle on her skin and stopped dead. The Siren looked back, and, once more, she switched from annoyed to approving.
“What’s…”
Ceria felt the power of water in the air. Not humidity, but like if you stood in a graveyard and you were Pisces, or in the middle of a snowstorm and you were her—
The sheer potential for water magic made Ceria’s own cryomancy instincts tingle. She could raise a wall of ice here in a fraction of the time it would take anywhere else. She looked around, frowning.
Not only that, it felt like this was a distinct ward in the air, probably against hostile magics. How…?
“Oh. There.”
Ceria pointed at something built into the hallway. An archway of strange stone. It looked pitted, like it was corroded—until Ceria realized the gleaming, polished material was coral. Coral mixed with some water-blue stone.
“Lapis lazuli. This marks the boundary of my domain. You may enter; few others can. Speak openly here and nowhere else. Servants! Refreshments!”
Ceria saw people scurry out and looked ahead towards a far grander, far more decorated section of the palace. Actual paintings and pictures—some of Revine, others of a strange Drowned Woman with a glowing left eye—decorated the halls, along with other paraphernalia that was distinctly…
Wistram. And by ‘Wistram’—Ceria glanced at a giant relief of The Wisdom of Mages. There were four copies in Wistram; it was a painting of a bunch of monarchs, lords, generals, and even adventurers, slowly approaching a shining group of [Mages] who were depicted in rather noble poses, dispensing wisdom to the masses.
The same with the paintings. You had to have a few of yourself, but the real showoffs framed…artifacts. Ceria eyed a glowing embossed eye-pendant on a wall, a wand that Revine had personally wielded, almost out of charges…
Yep. This was a Wistram [Mage] alright. So many decorations that Revine swept past—carefully waiting to see if Ceria noticed them—
But such a lonely place at the top of her palace. Her servants bowed, but said nothing to her, and Revine herself halted as Ceria approached.
“Fit for an Archmage, you said? Did Illphres have such treasures? You don’t have to answer that. She never did understand how to put her magic to use. She lived and died at Wistram and barely set her foot out into the wider world. As if Wistram was everything. I thought she would never take an apprentice. When I heard of her death—I knew it was coming. I never thought to meet you, though.”
She stood there, as a glass of wine floated towards her from a serving tray placed on a table. She gestured around.
“Sit. Stand. You and I shall converse.”
Ceria nodded slightly.
“You did know my master then, Siren Revine?”
Revine’s eyes narrowed. Ceria looked around and went to pick up a cup of wine. When she turned back, the Siren was glaring again.
“Know her. Know her? She and I were the greatest of friends as students. She never mentioned me?”
“Er…”
Ceria was afraid of stating the obvious. Revine’s eyes flashed—then she abruptly grew cool. Her moods swung so fast Ceria was having trouble keeping up.
