8.53 FH
Page 2
I laugh. A child has kicked me, me, in full body armor. I let them shoot their arrows, watching for spells. If they are clever, they will not try lightning or fire. The first crackling arc of electricity strikes me and bounces, hitting the ground with the crack of thunder.
Amerys would mock them if she could see it. I let them attack me, so they understand.
I am Mars. [Vanguard]. They know the nature of my class, if not the exact wording. And they know my level, or close enough.
Vanguard. Level 66.
I stand alone before an army of tens of thousands. They are beginning to chant again. Do they think it will scare me? I was born in Nerrhavia’s Fallen. I conquered their Coliseum of Monarchs. I wait.
Soon…they will muster their courage. I wait for them to attack me. I give them every chance. Not for that [General] who hides in the back, or the charioteers who race around calling insults, but with fear in their eyes. For the poor [Soldiers] who look at me, who will face me the instant they advance.
That is bravery. I grit my teeth. One army, here, in the north. Countless enemies assail us. I lift my sword as I see a wall of [Soldiers] advance, faces set, eyes wide, staring. Such beautifully polished armor.
This will not be easy. It is an act of desperation, even for me. But only I can do it. So I lift my sword, and when I charge, the entire army shudders. I bring it down, and the first Skill makes it a blade far longer than it should be, with the weight of a hill behind it. I see terrified brown eyes staring up at me from behind a helm, a shield raised.
I bring down the sword, shield rising, head turning.
I barely feel the blade connecting.
 
——
 
The first hour of battle is easy. The first ten minutes. The second hour is exhausting. The fourth—I have burned my stamina potions almost to the end.
By the end of the seventh—
I am beginning to bleed.
My armor is beginning to fail. I have to change it, via Skills. My sword? I broke the Everflaming Blade in the first hour of battle. Enchantments fail, in time. The sheer force I or my lord can swing a sword at can blunt the steel.
I have many blades. I have countless sets of armor. But only two hands. One body. And they—
They are still an army.
I cannot tell you how fast I am moving. What does it look like? I have been told it seems like a figure stands in the storm of blades and bodies, swinging a sword without end, cutting through armor and bodies while she blocks only the most dangerous blows. Wading through unenchanted steel and arrows without end.
That is what a [Poet] once tried to put to words. I thought she must not have been close to the battle.
It smells like blood. Blood and urine and death. Although I have stopped smelling anything for a while now. I hear a roar—that too is deafening. But I can hear myself gasping.
Hours of battle. My sword swings without end—that’s true. I lift my shield, blocking an axe glowing with some kind of ghost’s flame. It’s all automatic and it’s all hard despite that. I feel as though I have lead in my very bones. I know what to do.
Block death. Strike. Strike—this sword looks like glass that captures light inside. It is so sharp I sweep through every foe around me—except the strong ones.
Now I am bleeding. The first was an arrow. There is an [Archer] here who can pierce my armor. So I charged him and rammed into pikes, let them try to drag me down.
Idiots. The [Trick Riders] of Jecrass did it and they died. They were a nation’s best. Bring me down with your hands and try to kill me. It’s my armor.
