8.53 FH
Page 37
Ceria was panting as she tried to do as the Siren demanded. It was difficult—not least because she was working on something else simultaneously.
Fifteen candles were set around the room, burning, but not with any waxy deposits. They burned and would keep burning forever.
Everburning candles. It was Ceria’s job to extinguish them without a puff of air, just suppress the fire magic with an equivalent of ice magic.
It wasn’t something you could do on actual candles, mind you. Maybe it was possible to snap freeze fire, but this was a magical test. Ceria could easily extinguish one, even from afar.
Fifteen? Simultaneously? She had gotten six at a time.
Revine had to admit—the [Cryomancer] wasn’t bad. Even so, she sat on a rolling ball of water, circling the room.
“Illphres could do all fifteen with ease. This is the fundamental of how to chill a foe at range.”
“I thought you couldn’t directly…?”
“No, you can’t. So you freeze the air around them.”
“Oh. Oh!”
Revine rolled her eyes, but she mitigated her temper. She came to a stop as Ceria turned her head.
“…This is the kind of thing Illphres would have told you if you were ready. How did you say that idiotic [Mage] told you to train? Cooling boiling water?”
“Yes. Is that wrong?”
Revine’s expression said it all.
“It’s suicidal. Why…why not just cool the boiling water without being in it? That achieves the exact same goal.”
“You don’t know Magus Grimalkin.”
The Siren shook her head. She sat back as Joam batted at one flame, hissing when he realized it was hot and, therefore, hurt.
“If you need pain to motivate you…you have no desire to improve as a [Mage]. Which might be the case, frankly. How many years since you left Illphres’ care? Even without a spellbook or mentor, you clearly stopped improving your magic fundamentals.”
She eyed the half-Elf and Ceria blushed. It was true. Even later on in Erin’s inn, she had fallen behind Pisces for lack of ambition. She did need the boiling water to force herself to improve.
“You can’t move [Ice Walls], they’re just simple geometric shapes. Your [Ice Spikes] aren’t bad, but you don’t do anything with them. You have no ability to use snow-spells, only solid ice. You have no grounding in trap runes, magical domains, or advanced cryomancy techniques.”
Revine was listing off Ceria’s many faults. Ceria bit her lip.
“…I thought my [Ice Spikes] were fine. Even Illphres said their form didn’t lack for much.”
She lifted a finger, and a jagged shard of ice appeared, roughly twice as long as her hand and almost as thick. A deadly, nasty projectile. Revine pursed her lips and waved her hand.
This was her personal practice room, and as such, the reinforced walls could weather most spells without a scratch. A glowing target appeared on the far wall.
“Hit that if you c—”
Ceria hit the center. Revine blinked at it. She narrowed the target, spun it left.
“Hm. Hit that one.”
Ceria pointed and hit the target dead-center. The Siren peered at her.
“…Now that’s interesting. Illphres was a markswoman too. Did she teach you how to do that?”
“First thing. I had to go out every morning…”
Revine clapped her hands, her face lighting up.
“…With the others and cast spells over the sea? She still does—did that?”
She stumbled, and a scowl appeared. But she had to see it to believe it. She led Ceria to a balcony and began making targets in the air out of illusion magic.
It took Ceria back. She aimed, loosed an [Ice Spike], and hit eighteen out of the twenty targets—even the ones hundreds of feet away. Revine was impressed.
“That’s almost as good as Illphres.”
