8.53 FH
Page 47
The Siren’s ears perked up, as did Dascy’s. A Vessel was simply one of the ships that had an individual or crew that merited notice. The Four Winds of Teral, the Bloodtear Pirates, the Illuminary—all counted. For good or ill, like the Velistrane, the well-reputed capital ship of the Reinharts.
A Vessel paid for docking at Savere because they always brought trouble.
“Sounds like a pain. Which ship, then?”
The woman licked her lips. The Siren focused on her because she saw the apprehension in her eyes. But before the [Mage] spoke, Omniscel shouted.
“Dead gods! Another layer unfolds! Was it made by the Elves?”
The Siren whirled around and saw the circlet had changed. Suddenly, it looked like the circlet that Ceria had seen. Black bone, with a single gem set at the top. Another illusion? Another—
“The Elves?”
The circlet flickered, and suddenly it was a high crown, with a gem set on every tooth. Omniscel saw all three women race over. The [Enchanter] turned as their eyes turned round. He stroked his beard.
“…Probably not. I don’t know. But look, I can make it change into different shapes, see?”
He smiled proudly. The Siren stared at him. Her own hand twitched toward her wand. The Drake hurriedly backed up around the pedestal.
“I’ll just get back to work, then. Don’t mind me. I like to hypothesize.”
The Siren stomped back to her corner. The [Mage] came over to whisper.
“Siren! This ship that wants entry…it’s calling itself Shifthold. And the [Captain] is…Irurx. Irurx the Alchemist.”
A chill went down Dascy’s back. The Siren compressed her lips into a line.
“He wants entry?”
“Yes, Siren. He’s willing to offer quite a lot.”
The Siren went to the balcony and drummed her fingers on the edge. Dascy exchanged a look with the [Mage]. Of the unsavory lots that Savere found at Runsblud…the Alchemist Irurx was a stain on Savere’s reputation.
“Tell him no.”
“But he’s offering two thousand gold—”
“No.”
The [Mage] scuttled off. Omniscel frowned.
“Uncover your dark powers to me, dread circlet! I abjure you, by my name! Omniscel the Omniscient! They say Relics forged by Dragons have no master, but I…will…master…you!”
He threw up his wands. Dascy stared at him.
“Was it made by…?”
The Drake grinned at her.
“Possibly! Possibly, we can’t rule it out!”
Her face went slack and the Siren rubbed at her forehead. Her plan included tossing the [Enchanter], Dascy, and Shifthold into the ocean and burying them in the shoals if that damned ship dared approach. But they kept coming back.
“Siren, Alchemist Irurx is offering more. He’ll custom-make any ten potions—”
“No. Tell him if he approaches I will capsize his damned ship.”
She could see it now, on the edges of sight. A ship on the waves—a big one. Shifthold. There were places even the Siren did not want to go.
A’ctelios Salash. The deeps of Lailight Scintillation. Shifthold’s lower decks would be another one. But this was not a horror born of Chandrar, for once. If you wanted to lay blame…
This one was Terandria’s.
She stood there as lights began to flash around the room and an unearthly groan filled the air and the wails of the damned turned the air dark. The Siren turned her head.
“Enchanter Omniscel. If you keep casting illusion spells, I will murder you.”
The groaning and lights stopped, and the Drake sulkily got back to work. The [Mage] came back.
“Siren…a thousand potions if he docks. Medium-grade healing potions or more. He swears pursuit will not reach Savere—he only requests the ‘honor of residing at Savere’ while he recoups. He will even promise not to let his crew leave their ship, only himself.”
