8.53 FH
Page 49
“Good luck with that. Izrilians. You have no idea what you’re up against.”
The Raider sneered back and went to her drink. Ceria frowned, and Jiupe nodded.
“She’s got a point. Hey, Roisere.”
She turned to one of her [Pirates], who was a big Dullahan woman wearing wood armor—but very tough wood—and standing around the group.
Roisere nodded. Omusc saw her walk over to the laughing Bleakbeak Raiders. The Garuda who’d talked looked up.
“Hey, what do y—hey!”
The Dullahan [Pirate] calmly grabbed the Bleakbeak Raider and towed her up. The other Raiders shot to their feet, warily. They saw the Duallahan woman draw back her head and headbutt the other Garuda straight in the face.
The [Raider]’s head snapped back with a cry. Ceria stirred. She saw Jiupe hold out a hand, and the other Bloodtear Pirates watched in dead silence.
“You b—”
The [Raider] went for a dagger. Then saw the head drawing back.
The second headbutt nearly knocked her out. Dizzy, she held there as the other raiders grabbed at the Dullahan.
“You bitch. Let her g—”
The head went back. Snapped forwards. And this time Omusc heard a crack. The Dullahan, Roisere, broke the other woman’s beak. She shook off blood running down from her forehead where she’d connected as the other Bleakbeak Raiders grabbed her in horror. Because her head was drawing back—
“Stop! Stop!”
In dead silence, the bar listened to the fourth impact. Then saw the [Pirate] draw her head back. The other body wasn’t even moving.
That’s when the Bleakbeak Raiders drew steel. One went for a hatchet and, screaming, charged Roisere. Omusc saw a flash and crouched—she heard the terrible thud, and saw a pinned body on the floor.
By a harpoon.
“Dead gods. Dead gods. It’s a blood feud.”
The [Agent] whispered. The pub was evacuating. Slowly, Captain Aldrail rose. The Bleakbeak Raiders turned.
“You insane maniacs. This won’t stand! You—it was one taunt!”
“That’s our friend and guest. Bloodtear takes that from no one. It won’t stand? Get your gang.”
Jiupe rose, draining her cup. She looked around. There were more Bleakbeak Raiders in the pub, but they were shocked. They’d seen fast fights, but this? The Drowned Woman pointed at the Garuda who’d spoken.
“That one lives.”
Then she hurled the mug across the room. It didn’t break, but the face did. The [Pirates] charged, weapons drawn.
Omusc grabbed the [Agent] and threw her behind her. She backed up into a corner and drew her weapons of choice—sickle in the offhand, a strange weapon, and shortsword in the other. She waited, but the Bloodtear Pirates were after only Garuda.
It was fast. Omusc had seen them fight and they stacked up with the best of Savere’s warriors. [Pirates] were fewer in number than armies, but this lot—took no prisoners. Even when asked.
The [Bartender] was hiding behind the grille and the floor was wet. Omusc stared as the [Pirates] looked around, realized they had no foes left, and began grinning, grabbing drinks and heading back. Laughing.
“It’ll be blood alright. Someone run and tell the other ships we’re here for a Drowned Night!”
Omusc heard Gorry roar. She let the [Agent] run—it was only one person she wanted to see. And that person had risen, but not cast any spells in the brief surge of violence. She, like any experienced bar fighter, had put her back to something—in this case, the bar itself.
Ceria Springwalker stood there. Eyes searching the bar. The Bloodtear Pirates halted as she lowered her wand. Captain Jiupe’s eyes glittered and Aldrail had retrieved his bloody harpoon. He shook the blood off of it.
