8.53 FH
Page 9
“Not unexpected. Even small men have such egos beyond their true worth. This Vizir thought of that. Yet he has a contract, an oath to be sworn.”
He produced a scroll which glowed with power. The Vizir ignored the buzzing [Message] spells, glancing out the window. Then he looked back at the helpless figure in bed.
“He will spare some time for this matter. Let us speak of persuasion, King of Destruction. He must imagine yours is a painful existence. One cannot simply command oaths of binding—but there is persuasion to such ends. Tell me…”
He bent lower over the bed, and he was grinning now. He whispered to the living [King].
“…Do you think you know true agony?”
 
——
 
The alarm in the palace made the soldiers think it was battle too early. It was not—at least, not a direct battle.
The Vizir Hecrelunn floated out the window of Reim’s capital. He ignored the slashing young woman with a sword and paused only one moment to point backwards and send her flying head-over-heels.
He flew off as people pointed up and screamed, rolling up the contract and accelerating southwards. It was not wholly wasted time, though he left empty-handed.
“—At least he has a monarch’s pride and will. That is more than the petty rulers thus far. Few could free a Djinni with their bare hands in any era.”
That was about as much of a compliment as the Vizir Hecrelunn had paid for centuries. Certainly more than Fetohep of Khelt would ever get. The Vizir stopped, several miles outside of Reim’s capital, and cleared his throat. One more errand.
An arrow flew up at his face. Again, his crimson eye-flames narrowed and he pointed down.
“[Meteor Strike].”
There was the thunder and flash of something striking the earth. Screaming. Then refreshing silence. The Vizir cleared his throat again, and this time no one interrupted.
“By the authority of Eternal Khelt, whose glorious reign extends beyond death and whose majesty knows no bounds, he, the Greatest Vizir of Khelt, Hecrelunn, grants you leave to besiege this city!”
The Vizir pointed to the distant walls of Reim. Below him, a hundred thousand [Soldiers]…a bit less now…stared up at him.
Nerrhavia Fallen’s banners waved in the small breeze, and the [Generals] of Nerrhavia’s Fallen stared up at the Vizir, mouths dry. The Vizir went on, magnifying his voice with a spell.
“For your insolence, you should all bake in your worthless juices as a million scorpions cover you. Know that you have been spared his wrath only because you serve the Vizir’s ambitions, and that of Khelt! Fell Reim swiftly, and you shall know the Vizir’s tolerance.”
He looked around, floating higher, and his eyes flashed.
“Thou petty mortals—remember this day, for you have beheld a being that strode the world and knew the tyrant you heard only whispers of! Nerrhavia, Suzerain of Cloth, Tyrant of the Woven Citadel, Ruler of Clothkind! A being so great even in death she defines your little kingdom.”
A great roar rose up, of choked voices, of horror. The Vizir floated there, looking down at them as the Stitch-Folk froze at what he was saying. Yet Hecrelunn simply floated higher, spreading his arms.
“…And remember this. This Vizir did not bow to her. Begin the siege.”
And with that, he flew off, laughing. Cackling. You had never heard proper cackling, truly villainous laughter for want of another word. Without remorse or regret or forethought to how it might sound.
Pure ego.
