8.53 FH
Page 0

[See that header up top? Book 5 on Audible. E-book’s also coming out on the 23rd. Consider buying it!]
 
(I am on break until the 30th for Patrons so I can go and visit family for Turkey-day. Apologies, and hope you have a good one yourself! I…don’t like turkey that much.)
 
Is it cowardice, that I hope they’ll flee?
They do not, of course. I only hope they do, that they’ll turn tail and run—though I never would. It would make every war so much easier.
Then, I would not have to kill them.
It looks like rust on metal’s edge as the sun rises. Dark sand and dirt, already stained once over. I can see metal glinting, fragments shining as the sun catches them. A pretty sight if you cannot fathom what it means.
Blood spilled. So recently it has not yet been covered by dust or bleached by rains. Broken armor and weapons lodged in the sand.
A [Scavenger]’s paradise. Are they here? I cannot see them; my eyes are locked on the faces in the distance. Shining armor—they are chanting, now. Blowing horns, rattling war drums. Cheering, as if they intend to hide the truth.
I know they are afraid.
My feet crunch on the ground. I still feel the ground, you know. I can feel the padding in my boots, the way my fingers flex. I feel everything. I am not so divorced from being Human that I have forgotten, yet.
After this battle is done, if there are not more to come—no, even then. By darkness, under the glorious night sky with countless glittering stars, there will be a second battle. People will creep out of the darkness where they hide—sometimes all night, as a battle rages, in danger of stray arrows or spells striking them—rush forwards, and pick over this place.
They will grab broken swords, or better yet, pieces of intact armor or weapons cast down. Fight with each other and, yes, kill each other over such finds. As if there has not been enough already. They are not noble soldiers—if such a thing exists. Nor are they evil. I have seen them and been them. They are desperate, hungry, and, like carrion, they follow us.
We are [Soldiers]. I keep walking forwards. Now—yes, now they know something is off. I can see the army maneuvering. Galloping about; their vaunted colors, such expensive dyes whipping flags and banners.
And the chariots. The damned, idiotic chariots. I grew up thinking they were such grand devices only to learn that few nations employed them in war. But the Silk love to ride on them, casting javelins down and seeing themselves as the star of every battlefield.
Not a one is not painted with reliefs of their kingdom, Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Sigils of the countless aristocracy. Markings to denote kills—even embroidery like fur.
Soon, they will lie in wreckage, broken, splintered wood to be hauled off for firewood or raw material for other, better uses. The proud [Chariot Masters] whoop at me, waving swords in arcs. A few even try to throw spears from afar.
They’re afraid too.
Now, the army advances. I see the real fighters, the ranks of what, to us Humans, appears to be a cruder people. Blunt-hewn expressions. Almost like they were carved of rock compared to the intricate expressions of someone cut of Silk.
Hemp [Soldiers]. As poor as the [Scavengers]—some will be conscripted. Most, in a lesser army. Not so for one of Nerrhavia’s endless hordes, the primary armies from the capital. These will be career soldiers, paid a bit better. Armed with genuine steel since Nerrhavia can afford it.
Still—the first line in the slaughter. Tough. Fearless of blades.
