8.53 FH
Page 36
The [Pillager] was salivating at the prospect.
“Even one is a good trap that any [Merchant] would buy. You said there were hundreds in the room?”
“Maybe even thousands.”
“Dead gods. You land-brained idiots—that was the real treasure. Although I’ll give you credit—that’s a dangerous removal job. You want a professional, not some idiot with a dagger and a pickaxe. Stealing that door—that was smart. You might deserve Gold-rank after all.”
She gave Ceria a grudging look of approval. The half-Elf whistled to herself.
“It’s worth that much, is it?”
“Depends on the grade. Sounds like they’re good—I’d say you can get four hundred gold minimum per glyph.”
“Really?”
The Mollusc Drowned Woman was doing a rough calculation.
“Rechargeable, long-lasting magical glyphs of a Tier 4+ spell? Remember, this ain’t something some no-name Level 30 whipped up. This is a pre-civilization spell. From an older kingdom. That just multiplies the value. It turns out this Warmage Thresk was some big shot? Eight hundred, easy.”
She caught herself with a sigh.
“‘Course, they might all be burned or someone else looted them. I’d kill you over it if I thought there was a chance of me getting to Izril and this Albez. I guess that’s just a friendly advisor, yeah?”
She kicked along, regretting mentioning it to Ceria—there was something inoffensive about the half-Elf’s personality. Although it was true that Omusc wasn’t getting there. Ceria grinned.
“I could tell you where we were, roughly. Landmarks shift all the time, but we had a map and I remember the rough spot. If you want to run to Albez—my team’s in no hurry.”
“Don’t shit me.”
“I’m not. You want to know where?”
Omusc halted. She eyed Ceria up and down and then gave a grudging laugh.
“You’re not bad, Ice Squirrel. I’d have to, what, leave Savere, find a crew, get all the way to this place and get out while protecting my haul…”
She stared upwards.
“That would be the adventure of a lifetime. The kind of thing that sets you up for good. I’m no adventurer, but that’s tempting. Money like that, even if I had to give up half of it? I could retire on that.”
“And what would you do then?”
The [Cryomancer] saw Omusc frown, turn to glare at her.
“…None of your business. If this is you trying to bribe me to get on my good side, well…”
She glanced around as they entered into the Siren’s palace. She leaned over and whispered.
“…It won’t do you any good. The Siren’s the boss. No one beats her. Remember that. As long as you’re on her good side, all you have to worry about is people with a grudge who’ll risk her wrath.”
“Good thing I don’t have any of those, then.”
Ceria remarked blandly. The Drowned Woman gave her an odd look.
“You’ve got at least one.”
Ceria halted, blinking.
“…You?”
“No, you idiot. You think you didn’t make anyone mad when you came here and stole the Siren’s attention? Follow me—we’re almost late. I’ll meet you after the dinner thing. Not that you want to go out in Runsblud at night anyways, unless you’re looking for trouble.”
“What am I doing now?”
Ceria frowned around. Since she had woken up so late and gotten a lay of the port city and done her work at the Mage’s Guild, it was early evening. Omusc gave her a look.
“The Siren’s got a plan for you.”
 
——
 
Revine Zecrew watched as Ceria began to sweat. It beaded on her forehead, but only a bit—and it never rolled down her cheeks. It froze there.
The room was cold. Ceria’s aura was in full-force—which was the problem.
“Control yourself. Your aura is leaking. Focus it down. Did Illphres never teach you that?”
“She did—but it’s an aura—”
