8.53 FH
Page 19
“That would be like her. Not a word about me—the Siren of Savere—to the only apprentice she ever kept. Ceria Springwalker, a student who stayed for only three years at Wistram before being expelled in an incident that slew countless [Mages]. Yet a graduate of Wistram because Cognita of Truestone herself declared it so. I would have never thought that heartless piece of stone would bestir herself for anything but her dead master.”
Ceria jumped as Revine drained her goblet. She didn’t move to fill it from the pitcher—she pointed and a stream of wine spiralled up and poured into her cup.
Casual water magic. Indeed, at Ceria’s glance, with a mocking look she sat back—and water rose from out of nowhere to create a molded seat for her. Her legs dangling, she reclined as it adjusted itself.
“I do know who you are, Ceria. And while Illphres may not have spoken about me, let me assure you it was not because I was inferior to her in any way. In fact, she could never afford anything but magical studies to enhance her power. I have a kingdom’s treasury at my disposal.”
She waved a hand around. The [Cryomancer] stood there, eying the water chair, the rich rooms, the tapestries, and Revine herself. When she replied, it was with a shrug.
“My master would have said magic is all you needed, Siren.”
Revine’s mocking smile went out. Her hand holding the goblet froze—then she set it down on a pedestal of water. Her languid posture changed. She sat forwards, shoulders hunched, hands in her lap. She looked at Ceria, bleakly.
“…Yes. She would have said just that. So you were her apprentice after all. Tell me…”
Revine struggled. She took a deep breath, then stared at Ceria with a fixed look. A dangerous one, but…her eyes shone with some deep emotion.
“I know it. Yet tell me, from your own mouth. You were there, were you not? Tell me…how Illphres died.”
 
——
 
The Siren of Savere didn’t know what to make of this half-Elf girl. A girl, despite being a half-Elf.
She was no ancient [Mage]. She looked like a fool, especially when she had been in the banquet hall. Yet she was sharp enough to notice several things. A capable mage—she had been using Illphres’ tactics when she killed the Crelers.
Even so, it made no sense to Revine that her old friend would ever take an apprentice. Illphres had no affection for anyone. Not for friends or lovers. Magic was her goal.
Yet…she saw something as Ceria spoke. Perhaps it was that.
“You won her apprenticeship by melting her ice with salt?”
The half-Elf ducked her head. Revine threw back her head and laughed.
“I was desperate for a master at the time…I didn’t know if it would work.”
“I am surprised it did. You must have bruised her ego. Illphres was always determined to make ice that no force could ever melt. And for a 1st year student to do it with salt?”
She listened as Ceria told her stories, what few there were of Illphres. And, in truth—there were not many. Illphres had taught Ceria for two paltry years. Well, it seemed. She had even…
“She battled a [Storm Captain] for you?”
Revine blinked. Ceria nodded.
“That was when my friend showed his [Necromancer] class.”
“Yes, yes. I’m familiar with the basics of your team. The Horns of Hammerad. Illphres left the academy for you.”
Ceria blinked.
“It was very…it was amazing and it saved our lives. Was it that extraordinary?”
Revine shook her head.
“I can’t believe she would do that. But then…”
Her voice trailed off. Ceria sat there, across from her.
