8.53 FH
Page 41
Ceria’s eyes narrowed. Had she just seen…? It wasn’t a bolt of electricity; the shot was too well-aimed to zoom just past Abel’s ear for that. It was a jet of water, infused with electricity.
A combination elemental mage! Ceria was impressed. She stood up to hold out a hand.
“That’s pretty impressive magic. Are you from Wistram? Another academy? I’m not, uh, taking the Siren from—”
Ureita slapped Ceria’s hand down. She leaned in close and hissed at her.
“Don’t get in my way. Just leave—and nothing will happen. Revine’s mine. We’re lovers, understand?”
“Uh.”
Ceria blinked. That was a lot to process, but only she’d heard it. Ureita turned and stalked out of the hall before Omusc or the other [Bandits] could take her to task. Ceria looked at Omusc and pointed at the [Mage].
“…That’s the one who doesn’t like me?”
The [Pillager] reached for a cup.
“Yep.”
Ceria thought about this. She frowned. Something about the way Ureita had said that…Omusc sighed as she glanced out the window and heard shouts from outside.
“Sounds like another fight in the streets. More ships coming in. I hope the Bloodtear bastards leave. You sure you want to drink with them after the lessons? Squirrel? Ice Squirrel? Ceria?”
The half-Elf didn’t respond. She was thinking.
 
——
 
“We’ll have to cut this short. I have business later today. And no, I haven’t been able to muster more than one gang to free your friend, Pisces. They’ve got Djinni guards. At least your ant is staying put with that insolent woman.”
“His name’s Ksmvr. Why do you hate Nsiia?”
Revine glared at Ceria.
“I’m in no mood to debate this. I have ships coming in, the Bloodtear idiots have killed someone under my protection—and they’ll pay blood money for it or I’ll sink their entire fleet!”
Her voice boomed and Ceria saw the skies open up. Rain poured down in a sudden torrent—but not over the palace. It concentrated itself squarely over the docks, and the ships of the Bloodtear Pirates actually vanished from sight.
For a minute. Then the Siren sat back, panting, and Ceria saw figures picking themselves up, shaking fists and swearing up at the palace from the rails of their ships. Still…they looked wary.
The Siren was at her peak power around water and she could slice an Adult Creler in half with water alone. And Runsblud was a port city. You do the math.
“What do you want? We’ll see if you can handle some hydromancy spells along with the others.”
Revine snapped at Ceria. The half-Elf was wary of her temper, but she had to ask.
“Do you teach other [Mages] magic?”
“Only a few. I have [Mages] in my forces—what’s with the stupid questions? I don’t trust most enough to spend the time tutoring them. And you’re only here because you might be useful to me and Illphres was your teacher.”
Revine stalked into her practice rooms. She glared back at Ceria for reasons only partly under the half-Elf’s control.
“Tell Omusc I want to speak with her before you leave.”
“Uh—alright. I was just asking because—do you teach someone named Ureita magic?”
Revine glanced at Ceria.
“You’ve met Ureita? She’s my [Court Mage]…in a sense. She’s one of the best battlemages I’ve ever seen, especially so young. Did she pick a fight with you?”
A sudden, resigned expression crossed her face. Ceria hesitated.
“Not exactly. Er…I don’t know how to say this—”
“Spit it out.”
“She seemed to think I was hogging your attention. Which I am—given that you and she are lovers?”
