8.53 FH
Page 52
“Well, it sounds nasty. I don’t want to fight it. But…it’s just a killing machine, isn’t it? Like Crelers. Adult Crelers…I’m fairly sure they think, but even they’re just things that live to kill. A monster…I’ve seen a few monsters. Monsters like what they do. They enjoy it. Skinner. That was a monster. Facestealer. Another monster. Same dungeon. They killed my friends and I was sure…they liked it.”
Her eyes rose, and those pale, snowy eyes fixed the group. Now the Bloodtear Pirates leaned in. These were the stories they had come for. The true tales.
“Did you kill them?”
“No. One died. The other’s out there. And it’s unbelievably tough. I…couldn’t kill them. But listen, Jiupe. Aldrail. There was one monster I was ready to kill. I nearly did. A monster who enjoyed doing the worst of things. He didn’t…kill nearly as many people as a Creler. He wasn’t as mindlessly violent. In fact, he thought he was doing the right thing. But I looked at him and he’d lost his mind. Lost his mind, his honor—he led the Raskghar, these monstrous people, to kill and sacrifice Gnolls.”
The Gnolls among the group shuddered. Gorry looked at Ceria and she continued, voice level, hands clenched.
“…That was Calruz. My old team captain. Captain of the Horns of Hammerad before I took over. I thought he was dead. When I found him—we defeated him, didn’t kill him. I was ready to. Because that was a monster.”
She looked up and met the eyes of the others.
“You understand? I don’t like what you do. [Slaves]? Killing people? That’s not me. But my team is out there and they need me. So…”
Someone edged into the room. Jiupe glanced up, pointed. A [Mage] grinned and began casting a spell. She froze as Ceria turned her head.
The half-Elf stared right at the [Dispeller]. Aldrail watched, and Jiupe tensed, but Ceria just exhaled.
“Go ahead.”
The [Dispeller] hesitated, and Jiupe nodded. She murmured a spell. Ceria stared at the woman—then settled back. Her face didn’t change. She stared at Aldrail, and now the Bloodtear [Captain] looked at her, curiously.
“Did you think I’d blink?”
That was all the half-Elf said. She looked around.
“Honestly. Do you think I’m a Gold-rank because I haven’t seen terrible things? I’ve taken bad jobs. I try not to. I have regrets. I’ve left my friends to die and watched them die. I’m not going to fall for provocation. Because my team is out there.”
“So what are we? Monsters if we enjoy killing? I think we’re just free.”
Ceria looked at Jiupe, who looked genuinely curious. She shrugged.
“At the end of the day, maybe your crew is, Captain Jiupe. Laws are funny. Some are terrible, and my best friend does things that everyone else tells her she cannot do. I admire her for that. If you’re happy, and you’re living as much as you want…I’m an adventurer. Odds are I’ll die young, but it’s worth doing. Like finding my friends.”
She looked around. The Bloodtear Pirates murmured, and it sounded like admiration to Omusc. The [Pillager] just watched Ceria. The half-Elf brushed at her hair.
“So I’ll hire Bloodtear, do whatever the Siren asks, so long as I can get to my team. But here’s the thing. If I saw Pisces, Yvlon, or Ksmvr haul off and do what you did to that poor Garuda?”
She nodded to the stain on the floor. The memory. Ceria looked at the Dullahan [Pirate].
“I would have stopped them. I’d be shocked—I’d take them to task. If I saw them doing something like that…Ksmvr? Pisces? Something monstrous—or if someone tried to do that to my friend? Yes, you’d see me fight.”
Her eyes were cold. Gorry saw Captain Aldrail look at her, frowning.
