8.53 FH
Page 53
“And what’s the difference between them and me, eh? Circumstance? Respect? Fear?”
Ceria shook her head.
“No. I’ll throw down with you if you got every [Pirate] in the world. Maybe not stupidly—the difference, Captain Aldrail?”
She lifted a tankard, smiling wryly.
“You’re not on my team.”
The Bloodtear Pirates sighed. Ah. There was an answer…Jiupe looked at Ceria, then she began to applaud. Gorry banged a mug on the table. They laughed.
“Now there’s something we can respect!”
Ceria Springwalker laughed. She raised her hand absently, cursed, and scratched at her head. Aldrail swore.
“I like you, Ice Squirrel, but if you have lice and it gets on my ship, I will keelhaul you. Much less me!”
The half-Elf sighed.
“No. Sorry. It’s just—I’m so itchy. Hold on…”
She absently raised her hand. Lifted something up, put it on the table, and gave her head a damn good scratch. Ceria put it back on, and saw the Bloodtear Pirates, Omusc, all go suddenly silent.
 
——
 
“It’s so clever, you see? I know it’s dangerous, but once I realized it was just a simulacrum, there was nothing to fear.”
Omniscel the Omniscient pointed at the circlet he was carelessly waving about. The Siren kept flinching every time it passed near her face, but then she stopped.
“A what?”
“A simulacrum. A copy. It’s not the real thing. But you knew…”
The Drake’s voice trailed off. The [Enchanter] looked at the copy in his hand. He spoke slowly, his eyes slowly rising to meet the Siren’s.
“It mimics other relics. Well, I suspect it can change forms with ease. The true nature is hard to divine, but I can tell you what it is.”
She said not a word. The [Enchanter] slowly placed the circlet down.
“At least in part. You see, I am good at my job. And I can cross-reference known enchantments to artifacts, more or less. And I’m sure I know at least two. The first—well, the first is bog-standard on any [Mage]’s gear. Although…”
“What is it?”
Omniscel lifted the circlet and breathed longingly.
“Intelligence. Mental acuity. The most powerful booster spell I’ve seen…worthy of an Archmage. No. An [Archmage].”
The other [Mage]’s eyes grew wide. The Siren saw Omniscel lift the circlet, but he placed it back down.
“Not that I would ever put it on my head. You are right, Siren. I’m sure there are other aspects that might be curses. Or enchantments. I will need to research this quite some time. But you’re lucky. I had a list of possible curses and—”
“Spit it out. What is it? She’s wearing it. She…she was wearing it all…”
The Siren recoiled from the circlet. Omniscel froze, and everyone turned to him. The Drake gulped.
“Well…the spell isn’t a curse depending on how you look at it. It’s just an enchantment. Freedom, actually. Freedom From…Morality.”
 
——
 
Ceria Springwalker slowly conjured a mirror made of ice. She looked into it. She saw a half-Elf with dirty blonde hair, a splatter of blood on her cheek, and pale frosty eyes. The tips of her ears waggled—and then she saw a thin circlet, sitting on her head. It shone with power now, now that she realized it was there. It had been so invisible, but of course—her mind connected the dots.
“Oh. I put it on after all.”
She blinked at the circlet, at her stunned audience, and then she smiled. She reached out and grabbed another handful of peanuts. Slowly, Ceria began to chew on them.
“That changes things, doesn’t it?”
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I’m flying out in like, 27 hours and I need to pack and I hate travelling.
Not flying. Flying’s okay once you’re strapped in. Everything about it sucks. Give me a broom, flying car…no, wait. I hate cars too.
