8.53 FH
Page 3
An [Archer] died. He stood on a chariot and he had no helmet. Some brave [Lord] perhaps. An [Emir]’s son? But a gifted archer. I cut off his head and they learned to keep their best away from me.
Now, the [Mages] are remembering how to do it. They try acid. They turn the ground to mud under me. I can see the ground warping, trying to entomb me—see poor [Soldiers] screaming and flailing in the muck as I charge away.
The [Mages] don’t care. Nor, in truth, do I care about them. They will run out of spells before they hurt me. If they could have hurt me, they would have at the start of the battle.
It’s the poor, damned [Soldiers]. They keep coming. I cut an officer down and he falls, screaming, before he can lift that axe with ghost-flames. But here is where I bleed. Here is where the danger lies.
I am cutting them down, and they still keep coming, with a bravery I cannot believe no matter how many times I see it. Then I feel a blow to my shoulder. A chilling pain.
That axe. I whirl and my sword has already taken the wielder in the gut. I see…no Silk-cast officer. No high-level face. Just a staring pair of eyes in a face like mine. Someone from Cotton.
No great warrior. A [Soldier]. One daring enough to pick up that blade and—
I slash, reach for the axe, but now they have ropes. The [General] is sending them in waves, lest I cut them down by scores. Clever—I slash the ropes, and the axe is gone. I see someone toss their spear aside and reach for something. An enchanted sword. I feel another sting, and know my cut shoulder is letting acid inside.
It won’t burn me that easily. I must replace my armor. I have potions, but now they have weapons that can harm me.
I…
I am beginning to bleed.
 
——
 
They send Sand Golems against me. It is a welcome break. They stop when they realize I am letting the giant constructs just hit me around. I think I fell asleep for a minute.
It helped. I want to sleep. I want to rest one second, but now they know. The group that surrounds me has enchanted weapons and armor. Torn from the hands of the dead. For each that falls—I try to sunder each blade, but they pick up even broken metal. And Nerrhavia is rich enough to afford many artifacts.
It comes as my arm burns. I hear them roaring, and I try—but she’s fast. Fast and young, and I am old. She looks like I was—not in face, for she’s Stitch-Folk and Hemp and I am Human—but like me.
A [Warrior] with talents, gifts. Slashing in, dodging my weary thrust from the sword. And she holds—
The glass blade that is so sharp. Broken halfway. I tossed it aside for another sword, but she picked it up.
Foolish. It cuts my armor as I twist. Try to bring her down. The entire army is cheering her as she dives in. I’ve fought for…I don’t know, and she’s fresh.
It isn’t fair, but how many have I killed? The ground is wet, and she—
She runs me through the chest. With that short, broken blade. Piercing my armor. I stagger back and she exhales, as if this all took a single breath. She steps back, her brown skin caked with dirt, eyes like the orange of the fruits, staring at me. Disbelieving. Relieved? They were so determined before.
Their hero. The Stitch-Folk of Nerrhavia are cheering her. They don’t even know her name. I feel that damned sword, my sword, cutting deep.
My lips rasp. Has it nicked a lung? I taste blood on my tongue, but maybe it’s just from some other wound. She must have a Skill. Perhaps she levelled in battle. They are levelling if they survive even one clash with me.
