8.53 FH
Page 34
“I’ve got dibs on an autograph, landfolk. And it’s a promise. Tonight, at the Hanging Bait—drinks on us?”
He looked at Ceria. She hesitated as the Garuda bristled. One went for a long dagger at his side, and the other stopped them.
“That’s Bloodtear—”
“So? No one pushes us and—”
Gorry’s head turned as the [Pirates] behind him all instantly, and with huge grins, put their hands on their weapon hilts. The Bleakbeaks froze and counted; they were outnumbered by five.
“Break it up!”
Omusc’s shout made both groups turn to her. Fearlessly, the [Pillager] moved both groups back. She turned to face Gorry.
“The Ice Squirrel’s going nowhere. Siren’s orders.”
“Oh? Aren’t you confident.”
The Gnoll had a dangerous look in his eyes. Omusc folded her arms.
“‘Fraid so. Ceria’s got orders to meet with her.”
“Huh.”
The Gnoll tilted his head left and right, clearly thinking on whether this was upsetting. Ceria forestalled him.
“How about tomorrow? Hanged Bait?”
He blinked at her, then grinned.
“Ah, there’s a willingness I like. Tomorrow.”
He watched with satisfaction as Ceria signed the autograph, and then took a piece of parchment and scrawled her name on it. The tense atmosphere defused, and Ceria saw Omusc breathe out, slowly. Ceria felt her own adrenaline stop coursing through her veins.
She’d seen adventurers getting into petty arguments before—but something about the way Mage Teic had been hiding behind a door and Omusc’s desperate orders and invoking the Siren’s authority told Ceria that it wouldn’t be just a fistfight. The Siren’s authority kept a delicate peace indeed.
 
——
 
“You’re damned lucky. You know that? The Bloodtear Pirates are insane. Clap you on the back and stab you in the eye the next second if you cross them wrong. Bleakbeaks? They’ll stab you too—you’re just lucky you’re not a Garuda.”
“Is there anyone who won’t stab me? How does the Siren keep the peace with so many factions?”
Omusc grunted.
“By not having someone start sparks, for one. Second? She keeps them from causing havoc, stealing everything and running off. Mage’s Guild is off-limits. But if they decided to—there would be a hundred dead bodies in the street in the hour.”
Ceria halted.
“What?”
The [Pillager] looked back at her.
“Runsblud’s not like any other city. Ever heard of Drowning Nights? No…hah.”
She exhaled, giving Ceria a look much like she was a Bronze-rank who’d never heard of Shield Spiders. The [Cryomancer] frowned.
“What’s that, a term for Savere?”
“A term. What am I, a [Scribe]? It’s the thing that every gang, and especially seafolk, know to watch for in gatherings like Savere. How do I say it so someone like you’ll understand? An adventurer…”
She stalked off, leading Ceria back towards the palace looming over the docks. Ceria walked after her.
“I’m not exactly a rookie world-wise, Omusc.”
The Drowned Woman hesitated.
“Guess not. You’re not exactly as upstanding as I thought. I thought you’d be some [Knight]-idiot. Terandrian adventurers are all like that.”
“That’s the Silver Swords. Not my team. Yvlon—my teammate—she’s sort of like that.”
The [Pillager] shouldered aside a group engrossed in a shell game. They turned to bicker with her, saw her glare, and decided they’d rather not.
She was some kind of authority, Ceria guessed. Omusc went on.
“Drowned Nights are…when people have too much to drink. One big gang—six it’s almost a given—and let’s say they’ve got blood rivalries going on. On that day, everyone closes their doors.”
