8.53 FH
Page 32
“I know Savere. Not personally, but the odds are she might be under some kind of duress. If it is Ceria Springwalker? I will be delighted, but we must be sure, I agree. Ask her…where she decided to place my team for maximum effect in the battle.”
Halrac Everam looked up into the eyes of that famed Named Adventurer. Elia Arcsinger herself. Revi quickly scribbled as Typhenous raised his eyebrows, carefully keeping his face away from Elia or her team. Halrac’s expression never changed from a block of wood. But his eyes were glued to the scroll.
 
Ceria, can you tell us where you deployed Arcsinger’s Bows during the battle? Not where they ended up, but your orders. Or anything else only the real Ceria would know? What did you tell my team?
 
A pause whilst everyone waited with baited breath.
 
Er, I said to Elia’s team to hang back and shoot the big monsters? Halrac…I don’t know. I told you to get on a roof? I can’t remember.
 
A groan from the adventurers. Briganda slowly put her head in her hands and Cade grabbed her arm worriedly.
“She’s such an idiot.”
“Anyone who saw the battle could tell you that! This has got to be a scam.”
Keima whispered. Halrac eyed the [Message] scroll. He muttered to Elia and Typhenous.
“…It sounds like Ceria.”
The old man’s eyes were dancing. He coughed and whispered to Revi. She blinked, and, after a moment, nodded.
“Smart, Typhenous.”
Her next scrawl made everyone but Griffon Hunt blink.
 
Ceria, what is the favorite dish of Flesh Worms in The Wandering Inn? You have five seconds or you’re—
 
The response came before she was even done writing.
 
Acid jars.
 
Halrac sat back with a sigh.
“It’s her. She’s alive.”
The Adventurer’s Guild was silent for a second as everyone looked at him, then they burst into cheers—and a renewed argument.
“Wait, does she get the Helm of Fire? Because we had to fight the Revenant—”
It started up again. Elia rose as Revi kept writing, glaring about. The question was…
 
——
 
Are you coming back? Do you need help of any kind?
 
Ceria Springwalker was dictating verbatim to the [Mage] on her side of the conversation. Albeit, in a private room…but Omusc was listening keenly, eyes on the scroll. And—Ceria turned her head and saw a Gnoll waving at her.
Gorry and the Bloodtear Pirates didn’t even pretend they weren’t listening in. She hesitated.
“Um…”
 
Um, no. We’re too far away right now. I plan on finding my team. You just tell the others I’m alright. I’m going to get them. This is our mess; we’ll sort it out. But tell the others we want the Helm of Fire. We’re ready to negotiate for it, but that’s the one we need.
 
The [Mage] snorted. He was auto-transcribing Ceria’s words via a spell, and was mainly just keeping the spell active as a quill skittered across the parchment. He looked at Ceria and grinned, showing some golden teeth.
“I’m sure that’s going to go down well. You have the biggest Relic-class artifact sitting there and you think you can walk on back and grab it?”
Ceria scratched her head. She feared that was the problem. Elia and Eldertuin—not to mention other Gold-rank teams—might well force the issue. She chose her words carefully.
“We did claim dibs, Mage Teic. One Relic—and we’ll make it up to the others. Not that I want to be bankrupted, but we have other artifacts. Even other Relic-class—oh shit.”
“Ice Squirrel!”
Omusc snapped, and the [Mage] looked down and snatched at the quill, but it was too late. Ceria saw him desperately swipe at the parchment, trying to cross out the words, but they had been written there, ink still gleaming.
 
