8.53 FH
Page 39
“You could layer both spells in a single cast if you knew how. A predetermined spell—even giving your projectiles a course to follow. That is quite complex, though. In the heat of battle?”
The Siren watched Ceria throw another shard of ice—this one twice as large as normal—out into the air. She saw Ceria jerk a finger.
“[Ice Spray]. [Ice—]”
Revine was about to insist Ceria give it up. She was bending down to tell Joam not to steal the Everburning Candles when she heard a crack. She looked up and saw a spray of shards shoot through the air.
Revine blinked. Her mouth opened in disbelief. She saw Ceria create another [Ice Spike], hurl it out, and saw it shatter, spraying out sideways.
“[Shatterspray Ice Spike].”
The Siren of Savere couldn’t believe it. She had just shown—and the half-Elf had picked it up from two tries? Was it her aura? Or just…
A mentor? Ceria turned, eyes sparkling with delight.
“I did it! I could do that to [Ice Wall], couldn’t I? Each [Ice Wall] becomes a weapon. You could create a maze of attacks!”
“…Yes. Yes. If your opponent doesn’t just blast through it. Well done.”
Revine murmured slowly. She stared at Ceria. This half-Elf was…
She really was Illphres’ apprentice.
 
——
 
Day Five
 
The Siren of Savere was impressed by Ceria, and that wasn’t something either Ceria or Omusc took for granted. Ceria herself was astonished.
“[Glitterfrost Gust].”
Omusc swore as a blinding sheet of snow particles laced with wind blew upwards. She batted at it and sneezed. The other diners in the huge feasting hall looked up and swore.
Tables of rather fine, polished wood sat under three grand candelabras hung over the interior of a room fit for any Terandrian dining hall. Only—there was more of a Chandrarian style to it; a huge rug, regularly cleaned by spells, had a wave-like pattern of colors to it, and the windows of the room even had tinted glass so light could stream through in multiple colors.
However, because this was Savere, these nods to decoration and actual ornamentation came with caveats; the candelabras were fanciful pieces of enchanted water, draped in the air like glass and colored so they looked golden if illuminated. Worth a ton, but if you tried to steal them, you’d get…water.
Similarly, the windows were glass unlike the ones the Siren didn’t have—mainly because they were so high up. Similarly, the tables were too large to steal—but the cutlery and plates were cheap porcelain and wood, such that the forces of Savere, staff, and anyone else eating here couldn’t walk off with anything worth more than a few copper coins.
Amused heads turned as they saw the Drowned Woman jump away from the spray of ice and water. Some curses came from people caught on the edges of it, but they were amused by the regular here. Omusc shook a hand at the half-Elf who tucked her wand away.
“Kraken’s tits, that’s cold!”
The other [Bandits] agreed, shouting insults as they had lunch. Ceria just grinned. That was one of four spells she’d learned—admittedly, this one was a Tier 1 spell, but one she could have used many times.
“Imagine trying to fight through that.”
“Go show Gorry. They like talking about fighting non-stop. I’m just—”
“My long-suffering bodyguard. Sure. Do you want to show me those hot baths later? I miss them. We have a lot in Liscor, you know.”
Omusc was wet and glaring, but the water faded from her clothing, running off it, and she felt as dry as a bone. She eyed Ceria and shrugged.
“Sure. Are you drinking with the Bloodtear Pirates again tonight?”
“Mm…yep.”
