8.53 FH
Page 38
“Well, that’s what I trained while being a Silver-rank. Lots of moving targets.”
The Siren nodded. Ceria wiped some of the icy sweat from her brow. She was surprised. Omusc had made it sound like the Siren intended something quite dire.
Instead—she was training Ceria in magic. They had begun by establishing where Ceria was, but the Siren had simply started teaching her after that. Spells were hard, but she could show Ceria one and have the half-Elf practice it. She even had a spellbook she loaned Ceria.
“Not bad. But Illphres could use [Ice Spear] and do the exact same. I doubt you have that control. Or advanced [Ice Spikes].”
“Advanced [Ice Spikes]? What, are they bigger? Faster?”
The Siren snorted. She conjured eight targets in an orb-pattern, with one in the center. Ceria watched as she created an [Ice Spike], as fast as Ceria could. The Siren pointed—and the [Ice Spike] flashed outwards.
She…missed the center target. Her aim was off by a hair, but it didn’t matter. As the [Ice Spike] flashed by the center orb, it detonated, spraying outwards.
Five of the orbs vanished. The Siren and Ceria stared at the three glowing orbs remaining. They winked out and Revine turned her head slowly.
Her look dared Ceria to say anything. The half-Elf coughed after a second.
“…I didn’t know you could do that.”
Revine replied after a moment.
“Ice magic is not my preference. Water magic is far simpler. I can create pressurized water jets—but that is the benefit of ice magic.”
She sat back, turning hurriedly towards the practice room.
“There are even variations on the ice you can create. Illphres’ was far stronger than yours. Lesser spells couldn’t even melt it, as you saw. You should develop your own ice.”
“Really? I had a thought—is there blood ice?”
“Yes. Blood, saltwater ice…it’s all varied. I can see I have much to teach you. I will consider the matter. You’ll come here each evening; I’m too busy to do more than an hour or two, and you are years behind. But if you make it worth my while and live up to Illphres’ name—”
Revine realized Ceria wasn’t with her. She turned back, scowling, and saw Ceria scratching at her head.
“It’s not that much harder…”
“[Shatterspray Ice Spike]? No, it’s just an effect. You can layer it onto other spells that harmonize. Not [Fireball], for instance; fire doesn’t work the same way. It is not that impressive. [Ice Spear] is still stronger in most cases.”
“Unless you’re tossing it around a corner. I bet you could even angle the way it explodes.”
Revine’s brows rose.
“Yes. You can do that. Illphres never understood that, but an adventurer…yes. I will teach you that, but on the list of spells you would benefit from, that’s not the highest. As I said, this is the work of years, and in the time you have…”
Ceria’s scratching stopped. Slowly, her finger rose and Revine saw her conjure an [Ice Spike]. The Siren snorted as Ceria aimed it out into the middle distance in the sky. She shot the [Ice Spike] forwards.
“Like—”
The Siren saw the [Ice Spike] explode into a cloud of icy particles. Sardonically, the woman applauded.
“Very well done. That is a complete unmaking of the spell. If you want to learn to diffuse enemy spells in midair—do that. Shattering is taking the power in the [Ice Spike] and directing it outwards.”
You idiot. The half-Elf ignored that last implication—in truth, Revine was impressed she’d even managed to undo her spell in the air. She indulged Ceria, watching the half-Elf’s eyes widen.
“Oh. Oh. A second spell. But can I re-cast at a distance?”
