8.53 FH
Page 14
That sort of set the tone for Ceria’s stay in Savere. She took a breath, and got to work.
 
——
 
Day One
 
“Ib a squirrel!”
Ceria had a party trick. Which was to fit as much food in her cheeks as possible. A [Bandit] snorted her drink out her nose and the others fell over laughing.
Shortly after she had arrived in the capital, Ceria had been ‘invited’ to the first banquet. She hadn’t known what to expect.
She’d been so tired from being mana-burnt again that, on the way from the village of Nerhs, she hadn’t talked with the Siren much. She’d only learned that the Siren had been a friend of Illphres and that Ceria would accompany her, along with the people of the village since theirs was infested by Creler corpses.
That wasn’t an option either, by the by. Ceria was going with the Siren, and so were the people of Nerhs, and Ceria suspected the Siren would have left them to deal with the dead Crelers alone if not for the half-Elf’s involvement.
In a way, it was for the best. Poor Luaar and Novethur and the others. Their village was a goner, even though Ceria had wiped out the Adult Creler and the others with the Siren’s aid.
Too many corpses. Too many corpses with the potential for little Creler eggs. The entire thing needed to be burned and it was already smashed to pieces by the attack. The Siren had left orders for it to be burned.
And now Ceria was here, in Runsblud, the charmingly named capital port-city. The palace had a frightened staff of civilians, but the Siren’s people were [Rogues], [Bandits], and every criminal class you could name. In fact, the very people who’d tried to shake down Nerhs were sitting at Ceria’s table.
“You are the craziest half-Elf I’ve met. Go on, put another Yellat in!”
Revine Zecrew stared at Ceria as she obligingly tried to cram another Yellat into her mouth.
“If gnna cmb out my noth!”
Some of the other people at the dining tables looked offended by the laughter. A rough-looking man slouched over, and here was a salient detail: the Siren’s staff and indeed, personal cronies, were a largely female force.
“What’s going on? Who’s the newcomer?”
“Some [Cryomancer] Gold-rank. Heard of the Horns of Hammerad?”
He blinked as one of the [Bandits] leaned over. The rest were taking bets on whether Ceria could get another Yellat in.
“Is that who made a fuss at that new village?”
“Yep. Wiped out an entire nest of Crelers by herself. And an Adult Creler.”
“No. Don’t shit me.”
The female [Bandit] grinned.
“I was there. Saw the end of it myself. She had the big one all frozen up before the Siren cut it to pieces. She was probably gonna die, but she got the little ones. Smashed them to bits. Seems the Siren liked her so much she took her here.”
The man whistled as he blinked at Ceria.
“Gold-rank adventurer, eh? Think she’s gonna survive long here?”
He eyed his companions, who were all glaring at the half-Elf because they were trying to have a proper meal here, and the sight of her opening her mouth while eating was putting them off their feed. The [Bandit] shrugged, but she leaned over.
“Don’t know, but the Siren’s interested in her. So she’s not just fish bait. Spread it around.”
The man nodded carefully. No one got on the Siren’s bad side. He glanced at Ceria again and then his eyes sharpened.
“What did you say her name was? Ceria…”
Some of the others sitting at the table looked up at once. Two rose.
“That’s the Gold-ranker on the orb, isn’t it? Krakens awake. The [Captain]’ll want to hear about this.”
“Easy on. She’s under the Siren’s protection.”
