8.53 FH
Page 17
It only got boring if you realized there was a faster world outside. At any rate, the Siren…did not look so old. She had jet black hair with lines of sea-blue streaking through the darkness, down to the very roots of her hair—but it was wavy, and she could have been in her late thirties, for a Human. Her robes were a [Mage]’s, but had the sigil of Savere drawn large on the back—Ceria saw an anchor, a curved dagger, and a raincloud all in one.
Under the robes, the Siren had a kind of shimmering fabric that Ceria thought might be watercloth; very fitting for someone of her class. And…the half-Elf noticed…she was very conventionally attractive, lips full red, thin, skin without flaw, like a Terandrian [Lady] might aspire to be.
Not that Ceria found Revine attractive. If anything, her killing that [Rogue] only made Ceria warier. What Ceria did think was…
Beauty products. She’s spent a fortune on her appearance. It’s not an illusion spell or I’d be able to tell. Plus, most don’t copy facial muscle movements properly.
Enough to take a decade or two off; more than her clothing or jewelry, that was largesse for anyone who knew to notice it. Ceria thought of her master, whose only nod to vanity was her mask of ice; she didn’t even bother changing her robes most days, having a Pisces-like attitude towards clothing cleanliness.
Ceria was off-guard. It seemed like, from Nerhs to Savere, she kept being tossed into weird situations. But she was alive, not eaten by a giant Creler, and, rather than being captive of a dangerous [Bandit Queen], it seemed like Revine was disposed to like her due to Illphres. So Ceria was cautiously optimistic.
“Do you have anything to say?”
Revine’s snappish tone made Ceria start. She was rather like an impatient client, who wanted you to prove how good you were before she gave the job. Ceria remembered Calruz was particularly good at impressing prospective clients like that; he’d just challenge their bodyguard to a short match that involved him slapping them across the room.
Since Ceria lacked for biceps thicker than her legs, she took an alternate approach. Revine must have been from Wistram; secret brokers sounded very familiar, so Ceria coughed.
“Er…I can’t help but wonder, Siren. Savere is clearly an exceptionally rich nation. You have an, um, amazing wardrobe that I think even an Archmage would be pressed to match in terms of money. But the palace is a bit—is it due to wanting an open window for hydromancy magic? No glass?”
She pointed at the open-air windows, which let in salt and mildew that the hard-pressed cleaning staff—who fled the instant they saw Revine—probably had to work every week to clean.
Revine blinked at Ceria. She glanced at the windows, and her expression changed again.
“No. Not for hydromancy. Practicality. Those fools fight and have no discipline. Do you think I’d litter my palace with vases or other valuable objects?”
“Ah. But they’re under your command…”
“They are still [Rogues] and [Thieves]. I trust them to do their jobs if properly motivated. No more. Savere has an army and my officers are trustworthy enough, but Runsblud has too many guests.”
“I see. So…not even enchanted glass?”
Revine’s expression twisted into one of disgust.
“They would steal the entire window and carve it out of the stonework. I have had entire doors go missing. That is the quality of…door thieves. Who would do something like that?”
She made a disgusted sound, glancing back at her guest to join in the condemnation of door thievery. Ceria bit her lip and avoided meeting her eyes.
