8.53 FH
Page 30
Ceria pointed at the Frostmarrow Behemoth going toe-to-toe with a Zombie Giant. She whistled as Omusc and the [Mage] both turned to stare at her.
“Wow. It looks a lot cooler like this. Is that Halrac kicking Ghouls off that roof? It is!”
She peered at Halrac’s rescue of adventurers on the rooftop. Things like that, or even how Prince Zenol had dramatically gone to fight the Liches, made Ceria fixate on the replay—and the mysterious eye in the sky that had assailed Ryoka.
She had just gotten to the part where the [Sword Legend] appeared when someone plonked down at the table.
“Ceria Springwalker. So you’re the Gold-rank that wiped out Crelers in the north.”
Ceria heard Omusc swear. She looked up and saw a [Pirate].
To be precise, a [Pirate] Gnoll. He had a bandanna tied around his head, and two swords at his side. He also had scars she could see under his fur, which was a typical chestnut brown—
Aside from the red dye. It was on his bandanna too, and the group that came swaggering in.
Bloodtear Pirates.
“Oi. This is the Siren’s guest. Heard about her?”
“All of Savere’s heard about her. The big half-Elf who everyone thought was dead. So this is the Siren’s new favorite pawful of spellcaster? I had to see her myself. I’m Gorry. [First Mate] of Plainsblood. Bloodtear Pirates.”
The Gnoll grinned with all his teeth. Ceria met his gaze as he held out a paw. Omusc glanced at the other [Pirates] as they strode over.
“Hope you’re not thinking of doing anything stupid, friend.”
She leaned on the edge of Gorry’s chair. He glanced up at her, completely unperturbed as the [Mage] in the back of the guild slowly closed the door to his work room.
“And if I was, clam-girl?”
Omusc grinned wide. Several of Savere’s [Bandits] waiting in line looked up and shifted slightly. The Bloodtear Pirates looked about, grinning wider if that were possible. Ceria remembered the Siren’s warning.
“Aren’t the Bloodtear Pirates guests of Savere?”
Gorry glanced at her.
“Sure we are. But there’s always time to throw down and the Siren doesn’t stop a good bloodbath every time.”
“She’ll stop it this time. This one’s a guest.”
“And am I doing anything other than shaking her hand, landgirl?”
The Gnoll and Drowned Woman stared at each other—until Ceria reached out and clasped Gorry’s paw.
“Alright, that’s enough. Gorry? Ceria. Nice to meet you.”
The [Pirate] swiveled back to Ceria, and she shook his hand with a strong grip. He grinned and returned the pressure, looking her up and down. He eyed her right hand, all-bone, and Ceria’s eyes.
“Ice magic, huh? You’ve got some nice scars.”
“Thanks? Can I help you or anything? Sorry, but I’m sort of in the middle of finding out what happened to all my friends.”
Ceria glanced over as the Bloodtear Pirates approached. They stood around Omusc, who glared about, and Gorry leaned back. He reached for something.
“We’ll leave you be, although our [Captain] says he wants to speak with you, Miss Ceria. Not every day you meet a Gold-rank on the news. But before that…”
Ceria watched his paws as they slowly drew something out of his belt pouch. He slowly put a white cardboard square on the table, then found one of the quills and inkpots at the table.
“…I’ll take an autograph. Want to tell us about killing Crelers? Now there’s something sea and land respect. We’ll buy you your weight in wine if you tell us what you saw in that village, eh?”
He grinned at her. Ceria blinked at him and Omusc sighed. Then she remembered.
