8.53 FH
Page 8
Yet the Herald of the Forests had a terrible feeling that the war front was stalled out not because of the disinterested Revenants alone, or the necessity for caution in their fighting. She had a feeling they were…
Waiting for something.
 
——
 
But time was up. Suddenly, and just like that.
“It does amuse, you know. Twenty years is a young man’s life entire. For Humans, at least. Twenty years, wasted. They say you are the [King] to terrify other [Kings]. You seem not so grand. Not so to one who has seen greatness.”
In Reim, the world’s most dangerous toasted marshmallow lay in his bed. Covered in bandages, which seemed to be a trend these days.
His skin refused to heal. It was burned so badly by a Djinni’s fire that some worried it might never heal—not without some great restorative. The King of Destruction was immobilized. He could move, speak, but at great pain.
It was a terrible thing. Nerrhavia was advancing, and without him to lead one of the armies—no, it had been a slow withdrawal already.
Now…time had run out. The figure who had entered through the window stood alone in the room. Well…‘stood’.
He floated in midair, in a contemptuous display of disregard for the laws of gravity and the security of Reim. But then, he had flown here invisibly, beyond detection. Flown, in an era where most [Mages] could barely teleport short distances. He was the relic of an earlier age.
“The Vizir Hecrelunn has many titles. You may know the Vizir simply this way, as you are a [King]. However disappointing.”
No Teres, no Venith or Maresar, despite one or the other being near the capital, the other leading the armies in defense. No servants…the figure stirred. The Vizir sneered down at him, eyes glowing a bright red.
“Are the [Kings] so petty in this day and age they can be called Kings of Destruction so lightly? When this Vizir heard that one man had united Chandrar, he was intrigued. Yet all he found were stories of greatness. A pitiful remnant and a burned husk of a man.”
He cast his eyes dismissively around the royal bedchamber. With his hands clasped behind him, he floated past Flos Reimarch, to stare out the window. He wore enchanted clothing as regal as any ruler’s, and he turned to regard the King of Destruction.
“A pitiful ruler without bodyguards or ample protections. Brought low by a single Djinni? This Vizir could snuff your life out with one hand.”
He lifted a finger, which crackled with red-dark light. At last, the figure lying in bed opened his mouth and uttered a coherent word. Two baleful eyes stared at the Revenant.
“Try.”
There was no flesh on the lips to move, but the Vizir still grinned with his deathly corpse-face at Flos. He floated closer and bent over.
“Your death serves Khelt little, King of Destruction. This nation, ‘Nerrhavia’s Fallen’, and other nations which claim greatness, focus on Reim. Better to suit the Vizir’s needs that they focus on you for a time. Yet this Vizir comes to make you an offer, since the current ruler of Khelt is too shortsighted and weak of will to return Khelt to its greatness.”
The King of Destruction’s eyes narrowed and he listened as Hecrelunn bent lower. At least he was direct.
“Swear fealty to glorious Khelt, your lands and armies. They are not without some merit. Do this, and this Vizir shall not only provide healing to your ruined flesh, but an answer to the armies besieging your lands. Surely you know, ‘King of Destruction’, you cannot long endure.”
Flos thought about it for about two seconds. His reply made the Vizir’s crimson flames narrow to pinpoints of malevolent light.
