8.53 FH
Page 35
She nodded to the wary [Shopkeepers], people doing rather mundane jobs like processing fish, carving furniture, and so on. Ceria frowned.
“…And that’s normal?”
“No, it’s not normal. It just happens. And with the Bloodtear Pirates, it’s more likely than ever. They must have paid a fortune for the Siren to let them in. If a Drowned Night happens, it’ll be a slaughter.”
“Do they attack civilians?”
If that were the case, Ceria thought the people here…wouldn’t be here. She’d known people to live in bad circumstances, but that seemed a cut too far. And sure enough, Omusc shook her head.
“No. If they went after people in homes, the Siren would ban them forever. Even Bloodtear isn’t that stupid. But it’s free game and anyone on the streets—”
She drew a line across her throat.
“—that’s when you level or die. And when groups sort things out.”
Ceria’s skin prickled.
“So Savere can turn into a bloodbath at any time?”
“Yep.”
“And people like living like that?”
“Like it? You don’t have to join in. There are laws. If you’re not a gang, no one can just walk up and stab you. The other groups come here to trade, buy potions—they can’t anywhere else. They’re the ones in danger. Like you. You don’t seem to get that.”
Again, the Drowned Woman looked back at Ceria. The Gold-rank adventurer walked along, digesting that. She scratched at her head, looking speculatively at Omusc, and around the city.
“…I guess that’s why the Siren put me in your care. You must be a pretty good officer, right?”
Omusc nearly tripped. She caught herself, and glared back.
“I’m a [Pillager]. It’s my job to keep idiots in line and make sure the loot’s divided up. I guess that’s why I got saddled with you.”
Ceria smiled faintly.
“I bet that’s not your entire class. Or your only one. Were you born in Savere?”
“What is this, Archmage’s Questions? I’m from Savere. I’m minding you. That’s it.”
“Well, you know all about me. I don’t know anything about you.”
Omusc snorted.
“Don’t get ahead of yourself, Ice Squirrel. I don’t care that much about you. You were on some big raid, you have a bug in your team…that’s what I’ve got. Oh, and you’re too stupid to keep your mouth shut about artifacts.”
Ceria grinned.
“I have a [Necromancer] in my team too. We’re not bad pillagers ourselves either, you know. That wasn’t our first dungeon.”
“Really. You’re going to make me explain why you’re not even a tenth as good as a [Pillager]. You think adventurers steal something? I steal everything. You idiots leave traps, good metal, even bodies behind. Do you know how much Selphids pay for a good body? And that’s only the dead ones.”
Omusc tossed that barb out and watched it bounce off Ceria’s puffy cheeks. The half-Elf smiled at her, eyes lighting up with mischief.
“You might be right. But I hear someone steals the Siren’s doors.”
The Drowned Woman felt a tingle run down her back, the precursor to sweat.
“Yeah? So? That’s basic. Any Level 15 [Raider] could think of that.”
“Well…I stole a magic door with my team. A portal door. Worth a fortune—actually, I think it was the most valuable thing we took, all-told.”
Omusc came to a dead halt in the street. She looked back at Ceria.
“You did?”
 
——
 
It turned out that if there was anything to win Omusc’s respect in this world, the tale of Albez and taking the enchanted door was it. By the time they got to the palace, the [Pillager] was shaking her head.
“Where’s Albez?”
“Why, you want to look for more treasure?”
“No…I want to find that exact spot you all went to, get down to that trap room, and pry all those insanity glyphs off the wall. I’d make a fortune.”
