8.53 FH
Page 6
Until I see a group swept apart. Recognize a Skill. Someone else is fighting them. And I…I cast aside my sword and shield and reach for my best gear. If I had time, I would replace my armor too.
“Damn.”
Something clears another group of [Soldiers]. A slaughter in a single strike. My hair begins to rise—and it is short-cropped to hide in my helmet, unlike all of my lovely illusions. I am not half as beautiful—not a tenth—as I would like to be.
Hence my name. I grit my teeth and wait, unsteady. That is not Orthenon. Who…?
It…he…appears out of the milling bodies like the one real person among a sandstorm of shades. Not that they aren’t real, but sometimes it feels…I gasp as I recognize him, and I think he does the same.
You are like me. Someone who can walk through an army. Someone who…
I think he gasps, but I cannot tell. His throat is rotted away. Yet his eyes burn with a ghost’s fire. Undead flame. 
He halts in front of me, this warrior covered in glorious armor from another era. He carries a massive axe, ludicrously oversized since he is still a Human, for all he would be a huge man if he were still alive. I break into a sweat at the sight of it, though, since he carries it so easily.
It could break my armor. That is a weapon for killing half-Giants and great monsters. Or foes like me.
The figure stops. He stands there, eyes glowing, yet I see the battle-fury in him abate slightly. We stare at each other, and I recognize a foe that even I have seldom crossed blades with. Undead. This one a champion of Khelt, another threat. A dire omen if he appears before me—or aid? I don’t know. But my skin tingles as I nod to him. An undead warrior from another age, bearing Skills and classes even in death.
Revenant.
 
——
 
The two warriors stood amid the shattered battlefield. Nerrhavia Fallen’s army was fleeing, shattered by two warriors of such level.
An alliance between Khelt and Reim? Disaster! Disaster!
But it was not an alliance. The Revenant, the warrior…regarded the woman. She looked like a battered [Knight], encased in armor.
Yet she was not. [Knights] in far more glorious regalia had died. Even so—
“Salui. You must return to your battlefield! This is Nerrhavia Fallen’s army. You have no permission to attack them! Attend, Salui!”
The angry voice came from the Vizir. The buzzing of a giant gnat with Tier 6 spells. The Revenant reached up and crushed the speaking stone without a word. Then he pointed a hand at the other warrior.
“I. I am Salui of King His-Xe. Greatest ruler of Khelt.”
Mars nodded warily.
“I am Mars. Are you here to do battle or aid me, stranger?”
Her stance was lowered, her shield elevated. She was watching him, and Salui’s blood—no, the memory of it—began to boil. He was shaking—almost—with anticipation, but he caught himself.
“No. You are not the enemy. That one called Fetohep…no. I sought you out. I knew you existed. How do they call you?”
The armored head hesitated.
“What do you mean? Mars is my name.”
“No. No!”
Salui shouted and she tensed. He caught himself again, looking around blankly.
“They call themselves [Soldiers]. I fought…[Knights]. I think. I was told to fight. I left. I had to find you. To know you existed. What do they call you? They called me Salui. [Champion of War]. Yet they called me the Dragon of the Sands. The Crimson Viper.”
She understood. The warrior hesitated, lowered her sword fractionally, and nodded.
“…They call me Mars the Illusionist. In the arena, I was known as the ‘Eternal Gladiator’. They call me Mars. Mars, one of the Seven of the King of Destruction.”
“Ah.”
