8.53 FH
Page 26
Revine Zecrew got exactly what she wanted out of the conversation. Which was nostalgia about Illphres and nothing from Ceria remotely resembling a promise.
But she was staying. She wanted that relic-class object. Revine hovered around it after Ceria had gone. Joam was prowling off, hunting mice or something.
“Dangerous.”
Revine stayed well clear of the pedestal. She wasn’t getting anywhere near the circlet and she’d had the best spells placed on it. She knew the dangers of relic-class objects and she was certain it was one.
“Find me every [Enchanter] worthy of the class. I want to know what this thing does. But secretly.”
She spoke, and one of her court mages bowed, eyes locked on the circlet. Revine halted her.
“Don’t think of touching it, Ureita. I have warded it so well that even an Archmage would vaporize if they tried.”
The woman, Ureita, licked her lips.
“I’d never dream of—”
“Yes, yes. Get out.”
The [Mage] scurried out, looking annoyed, but trying to hide it. Revine sighed after her. So transparent. She hadn’t lied about needing an ally.
“But I am not stupid. You’re no Illphres.”
She threw herself backwards and a chair of water materialized. Ceria was also far lower-level than Illphres, despite her accomplishments. Yet…Revine sat there. She eyed the circlet.
“Relic class artifacts aside…servant.”
Someone came out of the darkness.
“Siren?”
“Get me Omusc. Tell her I want to see her, now, about bodyguard duty. And spread the word.”
The woman froze as Revine lifted a hand. The Siren beckoned her back and pointed to the place Ceria had been.
“That half-Elf. I want her on Savere’s side. Tell the guests she’s not to be harmed unless she’s a complete fool. And that I want to see if she’ll join Savere. Persuade her.”
The servant bowed. The Siren’s eyes glowed with a magic of their own. Yes…she had seen the limits of magic at Wistram. That was what Illphres had refused to see. Magic had limits. You filled the gaps with gold and power and alliances.
There was more to power than just magic classes. Revine was something Ceria took lightly.
A [Bandit Queen]. Did Ceria think [Corrupt Accountant] was just a class? She was clearly intelligent, but not as…cunning…as some. That was perfect.
“Chip at what makes her Gold-rank. Tell Omusc that’s her job. See who she really is. Send for the [Agents of Corruption].”
 
——
 
Day Two
 
Omusc found Ceria Springwalker that morning before the half-Elf even got out of her room. She heard the triple-knock, opened the door, and found the woman standing there eying her.
“So you’re the Gold-rank, eh? Ice Squirrel. I’m Omusc. The Siren’s told me I’ve gotta keep you alive. You want food?”
“What?”
The woman was dark-skinned…at least, half of her was. She spoke fast and with an accent, slurring her words a bit.
“Ice Squirrel. That’s your nickname. Heard you ate food like a damn squirrel. You can call me Omusc. [Pillager]. Exactly the kinda thing you Gold-ranks hate, right?”
She didn’t hold out a hand, but a third of her face opened up, exposing her insides. Ceria Springwalker stared at the Drowned Woman.
“Huh? It’s morning. What’s this about?”
Omusc was a Drowned Woman, like many of Savere’s people who lived with the sea. However, unlike many other Drowned Folk, who were half-fish, half-crustacean, or so on…
Omusc was half mollusc. Hence the…name.
Ceria had never seen a creature like her. One half of her face looked like bark, and, as Ceria watched, something moved the bark out—revealing fleshy, pink insides that used the bark as a false skin.
Sort of like a Dullahan. Omusc glanced at Ceria.
