8.53 FH
Page 11
“Yes, Siren?”
“That wasn’t a question. Shut up.”
The [Accountant] clapped her mouth shut. Revine rubbed at her forehead. She had a headache. She was a [Bandit Lady] and thus technically Revine’s follower.
In practice? No. They would have both laughed until they were sick at the implications of traditional serving and loyalty. This was a business relationship. Revine was on top. Merr was being practical.
“Fine.”
Revine slapped the table. The [Accountant] jumped. The Siren turned.
“Find the nearest gang or raiding group in the region and tell them to join Merr.”
“Tell them to join…? How, Siren? Where do I…I, uh—”
“Go get it done. Ask someone else and don’t bother me!”
The woman fled, white-faced, and Revine cursed, because she should have told the woman to put the coin in the treasury first. That was the problem with new help.
The Siren of Savere, Revine Zecrew, was an unusual ruler for an unusual land. And yes, many rulers could boast the same, but she was a strange criminal class. [Bandit Queen]—an authority that didn’t always exist generation to generation.
Why, in the age of Maresar, there hadn’t even been a ruling [Bandit Queen], and there still wasn’t a [Pirate King]—a ridiculous concept, but they did pop up now and then.
Criminality? Well, that was such a refined word for them. [Bandits], [Raiders], [Pillagers], and [Rogues], oh my. Most people thought they were just disorganized thugs, and that was true for a lot of them.
Yet there were secrets to their classes. [Bandit Queen] was one of them. And Savere?
Before it had been taken, Savere had been a province of multiple local city-states, like other areas on Chandrar. This port-city had been the capital and it still was…only for a new power. It had existed for quite some time, having emerged after the King of Destruction’s slumber, in the chaos of the power vacuum.
Revine had not always ruled it, but under her, the ‘lawless’ Savere had gained some laws. Again—not like another kingdom, but laws as they applied to her people.
She was Siren of Savere. [Hydromancer] supreme; a master of weather magic as well, such that the citizens who lived in Savere would never want for water, unlike other parts of Chandrar. So long as they paid up, that was. Life was not perfect, of course. Revine had her enemies here and abroad. She had to watch her back, stay on top, and there were people she hated, like the Empress of Tiqr, whom Savere had clashed with many times since their inception.
However, she wasn’t in mortal danger, and her sister happened to be one of the most famous [Pirates] in the world. Rasea Zecrew, [Pirate Captain] of the Illuminary.
…Of course, she was the younger sister and they were universally annoying. Revine reached for a glass of wine. She did not want to think of Rasea right now. That idiot sister of hers kept pulling stunts like running the King of Destruction over with her ship. No thought of how that might get back to Savere.
Revine had a project at the moment. An unexpected opportunity—even a boon. And yet…she sipped at her wine as she stared balefully out of her position in her palace.
“I cannot believe that’s Illphres’ apprentice.”
Ah, childhood. Ah, youth and past and regret and friendship—one of the few she had ever made. Revine closed her eyes.
Once upon a time…
 
——
 
Once upon a time, Illphres the [Cryomancer] had been alive in Wistram. Her status had been one of the top [Mages]—even on the level of fighting with Amerys, now and then.
