8.53 FH
Page 31
Bloodtear Pirates. Famous for slaughtering opponents. Merciless fighters…who had also personally escorted the Waterbear after her delivery through the magical hurricane. They loved a display of courage. Crazy madpeople of the sea, even for [Pirates].
She smiled and shrugged.
“I’m willing to talk. Are you staying in port for a day or two?”
The [Pirate] glanced up at Omusc, whose one-eyed glare made him grin even wider. He gave Ceria a speculative glance.
“For a day or two, why not?”
Then the [Mage] came bustling out of the doors. Ceria Springwalker half-stood as he spoke.
“I don’t have the spells for [Communication]—but one of your friends wants a [Message] spell. They’re paying. You free to talk, or are you shanking each other?”
He eyed the Bloodtear Pirates, who turned as Ceria rose.
“Who’s…?”
The [Mage] gave the orb a glance, and Ceria the same look as the others.
“Says he’s Halrac Everam. He wants to know if you’re alive.”
 
——
 
—And then I woke up.
 
Halrac Everam stared at the glowing words on the [Message] scroll. He heard not a sound, including the thoughts in his head. At last, someone breathed hard into one ear.
“Dead gods.”
“Briganda.”
He shoved her away, but the [Shield Maiden] was leaning on his shoulder. Typhenous kept elbowing other adventurers out of the way; most were still with them. Fighting like cats, dogs, and Crelers over the treasure.
“What’s she saying? Let me see. Is it that half-Elf? I’m part of Arcsinger’s Bows, you know…”
A plaintive voice from the adventurers, who, regardless of rank, were jostling to see. Revi growled as she fought for a chair.
“Get off! This is my team’s—”
The chair snapped under the weight of about six adventurers and she went down, cursing. Typhenous’ chair was unmolested. Perhaps because the kindly old man kept poking people with the tip of a dagger whenever they tried. An unsheathed dagger.
“Is she really Ceria? This could be a scam. I hate to bring it up, but it is a classic…”
That came from one of the older adventurers. A senior [Wizard], who’d survived their trial by fire. Halrac nodded. The conversation moved fast—although he had to write legibly—it moved even faster when Revi took over. She and Typhenous had the best penmanship and literary natures of the team, and she was even teaching Cade (and his mother to some extent) his letters.
 
This is Halrac. Your words are coming to us in Renost. We all want to believe this is Ceria, but a teleportation scroll? Some final monster in the center of the Village of the Dead? All hard to believe. Can you prove you’re Ceria? This is not coming from her directly but from a [Mage]’s Guild.
 
“Damned good point, Halrac. Savere. Anyone know Savere well? I’ve heard it’s got more criminals than Scurrydel has rats. How can we tell if it’s the right Ceria?”
Levil of the Pithfire Hounds looked at Keima and Lamont.
“Eldertuin the Fortress might know. He’s a Named Rank and I heard him say he’d been to Chandrar. But…”
He had left. Not all the adventurers wanted to stay here and stake their claim on the treasure directly. He was arguably one of the ones who had a presence even without being there. He also had less interest in being lauded and the talk of every city they passed through, with free drinks and admiration galore. That was why they were moving so slowly towards Invrisil; the adventurers milked the attention for all they could get.
However, a second Named Adventurer seemed content to ride the wave of fame. When she approached, no one jostled her except her daughter, shooting everyone triumphant looks.
