8.53 FH
Page 20
“Illphres never talked about her past. Or you, Siren. I’m sorry if that’s…unpleasant to hear. She was a good master, but she was driven to challenge the exam.”
“Yes. She was. Perhaps that was why she took an apprentice. Knowing it was coming. Or perhaps—hah. Perhaps it was you.”
Now she saw it. Ceria’s eyes lifted. Her eyes were like pale ice. She had begun showing the effects of her class. Revine felt the chill emanating from her. And her hand—her hand was bone.
Lost from an ice spell she had pushed too far. It was so much like Illphres it gave Revine goosebumps. Had Illphres seen that and—no, that had come after. But it was proof.
“You must have—I’m sure she took you melting her ice into account. If she knew she was challenging the test soon—but Illphres would break her word and refuse to teach you. She was that sort of woman. She had another reason for teaching you.”
Ceria blinked.
“She…did?”
Revine reached for the wine, but it was muddying her memory. She cast it aside and looked back.
“Of course. She must have been reminded of…”
The past. The half-Elf girl leaned forward, and Revine closed her eyes. Incredible as it might seem. Once upon a time—
 
——
 
A young woman stood on the table in the banquet hall, pointing down at another student in her year who had mocked her. She raised a hand as Revine drew an enchanted dagger, menacing the other students they were fighting with.
But the Archmages, the actual [Mages] in the room—they looked over when they heard the young woman shouting furiously. She pointed down at Vilt and shouted.
“I won’t stay down here. I will be the one to pass Zelkyr’s last test! I will become the Archmage of Ice!”
His jaw opened. Illphres turned to look at Revine, who stared up at her, astonished. Right before the laughter began. Illphres stood there, turning slowly paler and paler with fury. She pointed a finger and an [Ice Spike] flashed across the floor at the head table—
 
——
 
Ceria Springwalker’s mouth was open.
“She said that? In front of everyone?”
The Siren of Savere’s gaze rose, breaking out of memory. She glared at Ceria…then relaxed. With a rueful smile, she nodded.
“They never let her forget that. Later on, before I left and when she was coming into her full power, she’d throw [Ice Spears] around if someone brought it up. The [Mages] must have decided to walk warily of her by the time you came to the academy. That was Illphres.”
An impetuous, ambitious young woman who had already known how to cast [Ice Spike] by the time she came to the Academy. Talented, and who had befriended a young woman in her year who was talented in water magic, stuck by her even when the latter was found thieving.
Those days. They felt like yesterday and a thousand years ago.
“—and after I created as much water as possible, she froze it all over then shouted that a Chandrarian custard was being served and it was running out quick. So every [Mage] in the Centrist faction went running and—”
Revine found herself talking animatedly and cut herself off. Ceria was smiling, disbelieving, shaking her head.
“She did that. Master Illphres.”
Revine halted. She looked at Ceria. It was not entirely a sad smile. It should have been. Didn’t she mourn Illphres?
But no—there it was. Sadness. And at the same time…the half-Elf smiled.
“Thank you for telling me. I never knew.”
“…You’ve moved past her death.”
The Siren stood and turned, abruptly. Ceria hesitated.
