8.53 FH
Page 7
The answer calmed the Revenant instantly. He stood there, undead eyes fixed on Mars. Then gestured, aimlessly.
“The other one. There are two of you. You. You are…like me. You are from the days I breathed. A warrior. I had to know. They are pale reflections. I thought I was dreaming.”
That was his explanation. Mars hesitated. She didn’t understand his purpose—and when he turned and began to trudge away, she called out.
“Where are you going?”
“Back.”
The Revenant’s head turned. Suddenly, he began to shake again, then calmed himself. He spoke in a flat tone, as his off-hand rose and touched at his emaciated face.
“I am sure I’m not dreaming, now. His-Xe is dead. I went to sleep, to guard his kingdom. He is dead…and I will kill his enemies. You are not one of them. If you become one, we will see who dies.”
He turned away. Began striding back the way he’d come. Mars panted, leaning on her sword.
“Who…who is the other one? The one who’s a warrior?”
Salui turned back one last time.
“They call her Herald of the Forests.”
He began to walk back the way he’d come. Mars stood there, panting. Staring at his back. At someone far, far older than she. Somehow—
She knew exactly what he was thinking.
 
——
 
“They’ve left. That insane warrior and…the mage.”
It should have been a relief. Instead, the horror written across the faces of the army staring at the undead soldiers slowly advancing towards them did not slacken. Because the two Revenants had left so casually.
Just—walked away. The warrior, Salui, had simply stopped fighting in the middle of battle, turned his head, and walked off. Ceased hacking apart foes—the Vizir had left on ‘business’ of his own.
As if this battle had no bearing on them. That was how overwhelming it was.
Claiven Earth, the Terandrian Crusade, and Medain held the line. Say it again. The Treespeaker, High King Perric, and the commanders of the crusade heard that in their nightmares, and it was a waking nightmare.
They held the line. Two of Chandrar’s mightiest nations in the north and an entire Crusade against one tiny one.
The Herald of the Forests lay slumped in her saddle. Another volunteer wing to recreate the Fables of the Forest…their great [Mage] was unconscious from a duel with the Vizir.
This was the moment to push in, in theory. Without the two mighty Revenants. Yet no one dared utter those words. Not with…
“Our predecessors lacked for discipline. Hold the line.”
The booming voice came from a half-Giant, thirty feet tall, ghostly flames blazing in its sockets. Another half-Giant, all bone, took careful aim with the largest bow anyone had ever seen and loosed another arrow.
A half-Giant [Mage] began casting a spell as Khelt’s undead continued forwards. A force of half-Giants, each one likely Level 30 or higher. 
“Serept guides us. Come, [Knights] of Terandria.”
Their leader boomed. His head swivelled the battlefield, searching for targets. He saluted a wedge of armored figures pushing in for a charge and began striding towards them. The only thing the mortals could claim in their favor was that Khelt’s advance was…slow.
Deliberate. Only Salui took risks; the half-Giants, and even the Vizir, refused to even chance their destruction, and the lower-ranking undead were a horde, despite Khelt’s armories. Yet they were pushing in towards the coast and now—now the Claiven Earth was willing to negotiate. Now High King Perric lay sick abed, as his [Generals] frantically begged him to make peace. Terandria refused to admit defeat—for now—and the three combined armies struggled to hold the line.
