8.53 FH
Page 51
 
——
 
The Bloodtear Pirates had cottoned on to the same thing the Siren and Omusc had. They sat around her, having let the [Bouncers] take out the bodies. Alone—save for Omusc and a few other very brave souls.
But it was true. They had only killed the Bleakbeak Raiders. There was something so…casual, cavalier, even, about it. Ceria Springwalker glanced up, chewing on more peanuts.
“So just so I’m clear—why did you kill that poor Garuda?”
“We killed them for insulting you. Or did you like that idiot needling you about your teammate?”
Ceria hesitated.
“I didn’t. Honestly, no. But I wouldn’t have killed her over that.”
Jiupe smiled.
“That’s the difference between you and us. You don’t do things because there might be trouble. We’re Bloodtear. Free. No one insults our own. No laws, no mercy—except for people we like. And that doesn’t bother an adventurer?”
Ceria took a drink of her ale.
“Should it? I can tell you want it to, you know.”
She tapped the side of her head as Aldrail stirred. Omusc, who had joined their table, kept her face straight as possible, but Ceria just glanced at her.
“It’s, uh—not hard to tell. Honestly. Listen, I know you want a rise out of me, but what am I supposed to do?”
“Object to us killing people? Not that all adventurers’re like that, but you’re calm as can be. Huh.”
Jiupe glanced at one of the Bloodtear Pirates. Calm. Ice magic. She made a little sign.
Get me a [Dispeller].
Gorry watched as Aldrail grinned. Ceria, oblivious, kept speaking. She was scratching at her head, and Omusc feared she had lice. So did some of the other Gnolls, who backed up.
“Listen. Look at it like this. If I do object to [Slaves], you killing people—what am I going to do? Fight all of Bloodtear, Savere?”
“That’d be a stupid fight. So you’re not stupid. But let’s say you and I go for a long walk and I take a nap. You not going to object then?”
Aldrail watched Ceria’s face. She looked at him, and for the first time, a serious frown crossed her expression. She set her mug down, pushed herself back from the table, and spoke.
“…Have you ever fought a monster, Aldrail? A real monster?”
The Bloodtear Pirates looked at their [Captain]. Aldrail began grinning.
“From anyone else, I’d teach them a lesson. From you? I haven’t fought Crelers at sea personally. My crew? A few. But I have fought undead. Goblins. The worst monster I fought?”
He closed his eyes for a second.
“Rech o’ Hell.”
The others shuddered. Ceria’s ears perked up.
“What’s that?”
“Giant monster. Lives in the ocean. Around Rhir. Hell itself. Grabs everything and drags it down. Nearly took out an entire ship one time. I had to dive to kill it. Deep. Two hundred feet down, as it ate my crew.”
Omusc shuddered at the thought. Even Aldrail’s calm confidence turned to grim reflection at the memory, and the other Bloodtear Pirates sobered up.
“There’s a monster you don’t see often. Is that your monster, Ceria? Or can you do one more?”
Gorry refilled tankards. Ceria smiled thinly.
“Maybe. It’s not a bad monster. I don’t even know if I’d call it a monster.”
The Bloodtear Pirates looked at her. The [Cryomancer] spread her hands on the table.
“How’d you mean?”
Aldrail demanded angrily. Ceria shrugged.
