8.53 FH
Page 43
She pointed at the [Agent of Corruption] in her [Bandit] garb. The woman nodded.
“Absolutely, S—”
“Shut up. You’re part of the team working on Ceria.”
The last woman gulped. The Siren beckoned.
“You’re going to explain to me exactly how much progress you’ve made. If I don’t like what I hear, the next time I hear about a Creler nest, Manticore gang, or group of [Raiders] who won’t pay their dues, you’re going to lead the team that exterminates them.”
“Yes, S—”
Revine leaned over.
“That’s Omusc’s punishment.”
The [Pillager] turned at the door. The [Corruptor] leaned back.
“And me, Siren?”
“If I don’t like what I hear right now, Omusc gets a new coworker. So think up something that will make me feel merciful.”
The woman blanched. Omusc and the [Agent] turned at the door and saw the desperate look cast their way. Omusc slowly closed the door. She heard a muffled shout.
“Get me that ship, Omusc!”
 
——
 
Ceria Springwalker sat with the Bloodtear Pirates and met the [Captain] of the Plainsblood.
“Captain Aldrail.”
A huge grin, filled with teeth. The male Gnoll had a strange weapon on his back. Ceria eyed it.
“What kind of spear is that?”
“Harpoon. Whale-killer. Ever fought one of them, Goldie?”
Captain Aldrail had a challenging look in his eyes as they drank at the Hanged Bait, one of the best pubs for this kind of thing in Savere. The Bloodtear Pirates weren’t the only people inside; it had a spatial component, which meant you could have literal hundreds. And the [Bartender] was made of strong stuff—he didn’t flinch, even at the angriest [Pirate] or [Bandit].
True, the grille of metal between him and his customers that he could pass a drink under helped. Even so, he was very careful to get anything the [Captain] wanted first.
Because Aldrail wasn’t alone. A Drowned Woman had come off the ships, and she was half-Jellyfish. Half her face looked melted, and she had a strange arm that was wet, glistening—and filled with venom.
Captain Jiupe was known as ‘Screamtouch Jiupe’, because if she touched you…
They were not fancy names. But two Bloodtear [Captains]? The other [Bandits], even ones like Omusc, jested, held their own—and didn’t provoke either [Captain] one iota. There was bravado against a regular Bloodtear Pirate, dangerous as it was, and this.
Jiupe looked up from talking with her second on shore.
“…all the way out there. No sport aside from a few damn raids, but they had to cut wide of the Iron Vanguard. Should we help them?”
She snorted.
“They didn’t get torn up, did they?”
“Not badly.”
“Then we’ll let them sit out there and find their way back. If they want us to sail off and help, they’d better have a good damned reason. I’m more interested in…”
She jerked her head to the half-Elf. She was watching to see what the [Cryomancer] would do in response to Aldrail’s attitude. Ceria Springwalker reached out…and took a huge handful of peanuts.
“Nope.”
The Gnoll waited, but it wasn’t a ‘nope’ that suggested a challenge. It was just…no. And that was Ceria for you. Gorry laughed.
“See, Captain? You’re not going to get a fight out of her that easy!”
The Gnoll sighed.
“Damn. You’re as chill as your name, Ice Squirrel.”
He gave Ceria a hopeful look, but the [Cryomancer] just chortled.
“That’s what Omusc calls me. I don’t mind, but I’m not going to fight you.”
“Why not? Gold-rank’s too good for a duel? Or are you nervous?”
Ceria gave another Bloodtear Pirate a skeptical look. She pointed at Aldrail’s weapon.
