8.53 FH
Page 33
We did claim dibs, Mage Teic. One Relic and we’ll make it up to the others. Not that I want to be bankrupted, but we have other artifacts. Even other Relic-class oh shit
 
Ceria didn’t see a response forming. Rather—she saw a huge blotch of ink appear on the [Message] scroll, and—she suspected—the wavy line of a hundred hands fighting for the quill at the same time.
“Well this [Message] scroll’s worth nothing. Dead gods damnit!”
Mage Teic threw up his hands, but he looked at Ceria. Omusc was cursing. Not from just Ceria’s idiocy—she was staring out the door at the suddenly very still [Pirates].
What a blunder. The Siren was going to kill her—after Ceria. She saw the half-Elf scratch her head as the [Pillager] whirled to tell Teic to cut the spell. But then she saw something.
Ceria Springwalker didn’t look like a mortified half-Elf. She smiled—and put a skeletal finger to her temple.
 
Typh. Tell Halrac I’m in dicey waters at Savere. But I’ll handle it. The Helm of Fire is for a trade to cure Erin. Hold onto it. We do have artifacts. If I find the others—they have more.
 
“What was that?”
Mage Teic snapped. His eyes flickered and he slapped a palm to his forehead, but he cursed.
“What? What did she do?”
Omusc strode back to stare at Ceria as the half-Elf lowered her hand.
“She sent a [Message]! I thought she couldn’t do that! I missed what she sent—damn—you said you couldn’t do it!”
Ceria blinked at the two. She shrugged.
“I can’t do it long-term. Not for a lot of [Messages]. Plus, I had no idea where to aim. Don’t worry. I just told them something private. No one’s stupid enough to come after Savere. We’re adventurers.”
Omusc’s jaw opened and closed. She saw Ceria raise her brows, innocently. Mage Teic glanced at the hubbub outside.
“Right, well, I’m getting money for the scroll from the Siren. If you’re done…I have some juicy gossip to sell.”
His eagerness to get Ceria and Omusc out of the guild wasn’t just due to him selling the news far and wide. There was a loud argument at the front desk.
“Hey! We want to send some [Messages] today! Why does someone get to cut the line?”
An angry group of people was demanding service, and the one other [Mage] on duty was overworked. Even in Savere, there were things that could not be tolerated.
“Sorry. Siren’s business. Cool your feathers.”
“Watch it, you.”
Ceria emerged from the back to see who was so angry. Not the Bloodtear Pirates—they were grinning fit to burst and Gorry clearly wanted to get her attention.
Rather, this was another distinctive group.
Garuda, with their traditional light armaments, although some had some enchanted armor—a [Raider] group to look at them. But these ones had a similar motif: all their beaks were dyed an ashen grey.
“Bleakbeaks.”
Omusc sighed. She lifted her hands.
“Siren’s business. You see that half-Elf? She’s the Siren’s guest. Cool off.”
The Bleakbeak Garuda glared at Ceria, but then they seemed to recognize her.
“That’s the Gold-ranker from Izril? Huh. And here I thought it was for some no-name idiot from one of the nearby kingdoms. Alright…hey, you. You’re Ceria Springwalker, aren’t you?”
“Does everyone know my name?”
Ceria was astonished. The Garuda glanced at his friends. Then he leaned over, trotting out of line with the others. They muttered—then grabbed some parchment.
“I hear it’s worth some gold. You wouldn’t mind tossing us a few gold coins, eh? Give us one of those, um…autographs.”
He grinned at her with his beak—right before a Gnoll calmly shoved him out of the way.
“Hey! Who wants to die?”
Gorry grinned at him.
