8.54 H
Page 35
Of course, a proper monarch would receive a welcome of thousands of servants and [Slaves], some grand entrance—perhaps on the walkways of air, a procession seen across the entire city.
The four [Gladiators]—wait, was it three plus the sister of one?—were simply walked in, with no fanfare, to the Court of Silk as it convened in the wide forum. They attracted attention, of course.
“That is the adventurer from Izril. You know, the one in the scrying orb?”
“Who sent for her? Look at that arm.”
“—Swear my plumbing was working fine yesterday. In the capital? An outrage, the [Chamberlain] should be—”
Yisame sat on the royal throne which granted her hearing across the entire area. She tuned out the superfluous talk, trying not to crane her neck as she kept her face impassive. Her [Speaker] kept up a light conversation in her name as the other powerful members of the palace circulated around her, or skulked off on their own designs.
It was time…but Yvlon was at the edge of the royal courts, and a proper opening needed to appear for Yisame to quite-coincidentally meet her. Open favor…no. But it would come.
She had missed the chance to coincidentally meet Yvlon yesterday, and had to spend forty minutes meeting other [Gladiators]. Yisame pursed her lips, frowning. It might be too brazen to invite Yvlon now, but…
It was time. Those [Gladiators]—what a mockery they made of a real adventurer, a heroine of true wit and daring. Involving her in those charades? Yisame knew their playacting when she saw it.
That wasn’t Yvlon Byres. She was a Horn of Hammerad. She had gone into the Village of the Dead…Yisame saw a flash of blonde hair as Yvlon circulated. She let a [Servant] fan her, waiting impatiently as the happy group around her discussed the siege of Reim.
“Three armies have begun the advance. No sign of that Rev—that ‘Vizir’, but we have placed an army facing Khelt.”
“Facing Khelt?”
Yisame broke off from looking for Yvlon to look around in alarm. The [Strategist] hastened to clarify.
“At a great remove, of course. A symbolic position far from the borders. Yet we cannot be seen to give way to undead. As for Pomle…”
“These are insolent wasps. Incompetence is truly what it is. Too many feather touches when what is called for is the hand to wield a hammer for a decisive strike. Isn’t that so, General Thelican?”
The Stitch-man touched his beard, smiling around at the others.
“You would say it, not me, Chancellor…”
Yisame rolled her eyes, but privately. Now where was Yvlon…?
 
——
 
[Gladiator Level 6!]
[Skill – Weakness Feint obtained!]
[Skill – Suresand Step obtained!]
 
“Yvlon! What are you doing?”
Yvlon Byres jerked. She opened her eyes, and realized she’d dozed off. She sat up hurriedly as Thexca looked askance at her.
“You’re in the royal palace! Resturgium itself! Are you sleeping?”
“Yes. I levelled up as a [Gladiator] again.”
She had mixed feelings on it, but none wholly negative. Thexca hesitated.
“Oh—congratulations. Er, we’ll have to celebrate. But what are you doing?”
Yvlon sighed and stretched her back slightly. She looked around, and eyed the table filled with high-class delicacies. They sat in one of the royal courts, where Named Adventurers and [Courtiers], powerful [Magistrates] and no less than the [Queen] of Nerrhavia’s Fallen herself, Yisame, would come and deliberate upon the affairs of state.
The two [Gladiators], Thexca and Mectail, were looking around, and even he was clearly taken in by the atmosphere. Zirre? Zirre was petrified, sitting and agog.
Yvlon yawned. Thexca was offended by it, but Yvlon rubbed at her right shoulder.
