8.54 H
Page 38
Yvlon turned just in time to see Thexca forging another signature on a small pile of cardboard squares. She glanced up at Yvlon, and the woman…gave her a covert thumbs-up. She understood adventurers marketing themselves. What amused Yvlon the most was the final signature. After the [Merchant] had walked away, she leaned over.
“Are you adding Zirre’s signature to the card?”
“A four-set. It looks better, and she will be a [Mage] someday. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, Yvlon. For her. I’ll be back. Why?”
Thexca looked up as Yvlon glanced at Zirre. She saw a rare twinkle in Yvlon’s eyes. The [Armsmistress] whispered.
“Write ‘Zirre Groundless’ on the card. We’ll tell Vitte later.”
Thexca’s face was slack—then a huge grin reached her ears. Even Mectail snorted approvingly.
The introductions in the first hour were a whirlwind of people asking Yvlon all manner of things. Was the scrying orb telling the truth? How did she get here? Where was her team? What were her thoughts on the war, how did she find Nerrhavia, the honor of being a [Gladiator]…
Interesting, revealing conversations. But mostly, they asked about the gossip spreading through the court.
“So. You claim the Magistrate Ducaz of…well, I’d have to find the region. He falsely accused and imprisoned a Gold-rank adventurer?”
Ylvon met the interrogative eyes that were a bit too small in a glaring face. Yet this was a Stitch-man. She nodded slightly, never looking away.
“I will stake my team’s reputation on it, sir. And swear on truth stones.”
“Ah, but truth stones were surely employed in your conviction.”
“Then someone is lying. But it is not me, sir.”
The man’s stare was like a pair of hot needles, but Yvlon had met prickly [Lords] before. They were part and parcel for Izril, and so she held his gaze until he nodded.
“If it is true, then perhaps it is a form of lesser corruption. Or the [Magistrate] himself…but one cannot lie alone. If it is true. I will take you at your word, Adventurer. I do not want a remembrance token. I offer you a farewell. Walk on the bones of tyrants.”
He turned and hobbled off, and no less than three [Bodyguards] and a cluster of servants followed. Yvlon exhaled as Thexca lowered the card she kept offering.
“Who was that?”
The [Gladiator] didn’t know, but Zirre hurried over, looking nervous and excited.
“That…was [Supreme Adjudicator] Coroint. He’s retired, but he used to be one of the officials who settled disputes between royal households.”
Yvlon whistled silently as she stared at the old Stitch-man. Thexca blinked, eyes huge.
“Now there’s a powerful patron. This might be bigger than we thought, Silver. Did you see how he kept touching that ring on his finger? That wasn’t just [Detect Truth], I think.”
No—Yvlon had noticed the huge opal as well. From the way Coroint had frowned…well, she had high hopes herself.
“Gladiators.”
A [Servant] with a blank face appeared. He was Silk and dressed in what Yvlon took to be royal colors; Nerrhavia’s were purely gold and white and, to cut the high colors, a deeper pink-red mixed with purple. He spoke, crisply.
“You are summoned to the inner walks of the Court of Silk. You may approach the second pavilion and may stay there until called further or dismissed.”
He gestured, and Yvlon saw that he was pointing to the second layer of the courts, closer to the throne.
“The second pavilion? That’s only one from being able to approach the throne! Excuse me—is Yvlon meeting someone? All of us are…?”
The [Servant] bowed slightly, eyes flickering to Yvlon’s face and her arms.
