8.54 H
Page 31
The Fox-girl was looking around the arena in a wide-eyed panic, barely listening to Yvlon. She was certainly no fighter. Yvlon grabbed her shoulder and she squeaked.
“I—Vitte was lying in, and she told me to go here and tell them she was sick! Then they said I was filling in for her and it was arranged!”
Vitte. Yvlon’s brows snapped together. She peered around and realized this was definitely no misunderstanding.
“It seems Vitte Groundless continues to amuse even the Coliseum of Monarchs! We’ll see if her sister survives meeting trained [Gladiators] in the sands—or if her three companions will protect her.”
“Vitte! I’m going to pull your tail off! Is she mad?”
Thexca came running over, but Mectail and she couldn’t discuss anything—or break the sturdy gate. A huge gong rang and the bout commenced.
Twenty gladiators. Technically, Yvlon and the other three comprised an entire fifth of the arena, but all fifteen [Gladiators] had the scent of drama in the air. Mectail didn’t even get over to them—the Eagle took aim, and no less than six [Gladiators] surrounded him in a second. They kept a wide circle, attacking to keep the pressure off the others as he whirled, chopping, meeting blades with bare hands.
“Damn, damn—this is twisted, even for Vitte. Listen, Zirre. Just—stay behind me and Yvlon. No one’s going to kill you, but they’ll put on a show. It’s just a stabbing. All it does is hurt. Can you actually fight?”
Thexca could have used a better pep talk, but there was no time. She and Yvlon stood alone as nine [Gladiators] closed in. Zirre was shaking, and she clearly didn’t know how to use the spear.
“I—no! I can use magic, but I don’t have a battle stave! My school is gravitation, but I’m a [Mage]—Vitte’s the fighter.”
Gravity magic? Yvlon blinked. Then she realized what Vitte was…Thexca swore.
“We’re not going to win this one, Yvlon. We need to stall for at least twenty minutes before they’ll open the gates. Nine on two is…”
Yvlon knew she was right. Nine Level 30 [Gladiators]? She looked at them, then at Zirre.
“It doesn’t hurt long. I’ll hit Vitte until her stupid brains come out her ears. Just…”
Thexca was trying to reassure her. Yvlon glanced at her sword, cursing. If it was Ylawes, he would stand there with his shield and block them. Somehow defend her for an hour, even if they took him to pieces. He was a [Knight]—but this was cruel amusement, and Vitte’s trick and drama or not, there was going to be blood; Zirre would have to experience the pain of being stabbed at least once.
And it did hurt. If only she was Ylawes. If only…
“Mi, mirror menagerie, making my mithril sing…”
Yvlon heard a voice. She looked up as the [Gladiators] moved, six on her side, three on Thexca’s, aiming for Zirre. Was that…a vocal warmup? Yes, it was! The Dullahan from the last bout was doing a voice exercise, coughing.
“Let’s settle this, ladies. No losing limbs or killing, agreed? Sorry about Vitte’s sister, but the audience needs a show. Poor sport of her, though.”
One of the others saluted them. Yvlon thought about it. She could escalate this. But…she saw the [Gladiators], even Thexca watching her.
“Yvlon, don’t do anything stupid.”
The problem was, that was practically the motto of the Horns of Hammerad. ‘Get the treasure, don’t die’. Yvlon felt like being stupid. She was not Ylawes. She couldn’t…
She looked at the [Gladiators]. Hesitated. Well…wait a second.
