8.54 H
Page 26
“Truthfully, in Liscor or another city? I’d see the sights, art—have a drink and a meal that night, but I tend to spend most of my time in the practice courts.”
She looked at the slack looks on the others’ faces and clarified.
“I do go around—with my team. With Ksmvr especially.”
“Seeing the sights? What about…hobbies? Like getting a pawful of Dreamleaf and jumping off roofs? Or—we have lots of good restaurants.”
“Hmm. I do like good food, but that’s mostly Ceria’s thing. Pisces dances and enjoys magical items. I…”
Yvlon hesitated.
“I have a great deal of hobbies.”
Mectail prompted after a moment.
“…Such as?”
Thexca kicked him. Yvlon stood there, biting her lip. And she realized the same thing everyone else did.
She was mainly—an adventurer. When she was at Liscor? Yvlon counted it off on her fingers. Get up, eat with the team, then she went to the Adventurer’s Guild like clockwork with Ksmvr. If she went around the city, shopped—she was with Ceria, or again, Ksmvr—
It was taking the Antinium to new places he’d never been, or doing things with her team that took a lot of her day. But before that? In the Silver Spears…
“I must have swung a sword four hours a day, or spent an hour or two on my gear—and we travelled a lot…of course, I went to see the sights everywhere…”
Thexca exchanged looks with Rexel. The [Storm Bandit] cleared her throat.
“Silver.”
Yvlon looked up. Rexel patted her on the arm.
“You have no life.”
The [Armsmistress] began to protest that was untrue. But really…she sat back. Stared about. They were in a restaurant, as food was one of the uniting things even Yvlon enjoyed. She stared at a bowl of some kind of curry they were pouring over rice and other very tasty foods.
“I’m not fit company for Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Or the Coliseum of Monarchs. I’m sorry, Vitte. I’m simply focused on my team. I do…tend to work hard, I suppose. And I can’t act.”
“Not even a little bit?”
Yvlon grimaced expressively.
“I’ve seen it done. The Players of Celum—I’ve seen their performances, but I can’t imagine myself doing it. As for the showing off, attracting the crowd to get a patron?”
They had explained the system to Yvlon briefly over food. It was quite simple: if someone liked her, they could pay off the arena master or guards, or arrange favors for her in the arena. They might even pay for her freedom, or simply pay her in Vitte or Thexca’s case. In return? She might represent them, even work for them in some capacity. It ran from above-board behavior to relationships—and all the [Gladiators] warned her about that.
“You know the—you know what? It’s fair, it’s fair. Being a [Gladiator] isn’t for everyone, but you did your best. We’ll work around that. Dead gods, I don’t want to do a match tomorrow. We have another group-bout, but no Romen.”
“Well, you’re coming up with the plan to get us attention. Or we can just hit people and try to come out on top.”
Thexca slapped Vitte’s shoulder. Yvlon felt the need to clarify.
“…It wouldn’t be the same if my brother were here. I can’t imagine Ylawes would do poorly, though he’s no actor. As for Ysara—she has her own flair.”
“Older or younger?”
“Both older. Brother and sister.”
Yvlon grimaced again into her plate. She began to eat, and realised she was famished. The silver spoon glittered as she took a bite, and she instantly reached for the yogurt. When the pain abated, Yvlon sighed.
“They’re…well, Ylawes would be perfect for you, Vitte. He really is a [Knight] and he’d probably challenge people to duels.”
“Oho. So he’s really the kind of person who rides around fighting battles?”
