8.54 H
Page 39
“You will be summoned shortly. Permission has been granted to enter the inner walkways—that is all I am at liberty to say.”
Yvlon saw him gesture, and she, Mectail, and Thexca followed him across a line on the stone floors. A distinction between the outer part of the Court of Silk and…
Heads turned as they watched the four being led in. Zirre was clinging to Mectail’s back, scurrying past him, and murmurs arose. Those who had seen Yvlon Byres already saw her draw closer to the throne and, accordingly, the aloof group in the inner court saw her enter and began to drift over.
Among their number was the [Supreme Adjudicator] himself. He turned in his seat and eyed Yvlon. She heard his faint harumph—and his eyes sharpened.
Who is my patron?
Now Yvlon was curious. She had assumed it was someone who was simply taken with her as an adventurer. But…this was no common member of the nobility.
Now even those around the dais were glancing up—and at each other. If you could understand how they thought, they were as open as a good book.
Who had invited this [Gladiator] here? Well, we might as well scope out the situation. Is this a ploy? Simply greeting…is that the adventurer from the scrying orb? Why yes it is!
Fascinating. Not least Yvlon’s arms, which were interesting even to most here. And with them came a rumor.
“Magistrate Ducaz…?”
Somewhere, the [Magistrate] was going to have a very bad day. However—there were things Yvlon hadn’t accounted for. One of them was Administrator Vebrynthe, who casually asked a [Servant] who that Human was—then asked again. The other was that she had forgotten how it worked. Everyone knew everyone. Friends…well, friend was an exaggeration in most cases.
But…
Someone came striding up to Yvlon before she truly began the second wave of introductions and greetings. She was just shaking hands with a Garuda woman who was a [Diplomat] from afar when a young man, oh, nineteen or so, planted himself in front of her.
He was shorter than her, young, and had a sword on his side. Yvlon noticed that first—then the strange quality of his skin, which seemed…almost a bit luminescent? He stared up at her, glaring at the taller Human woman, then snapped.
“How is it done?”
“Er, excuse me?”
The Garuda backed up as the young man glared at her.
“How is it done? With you Izrilians. Hm? Well?”
He turned, and, rather than address her, glared at a group behind him. Yvlon saw, in order, a Stitch-man with a huge frown for her, tugging out a riding glove from his bag of holding; he was dressed in dark scale mail, some monster’s clothing, and handsome in a sharp-featured way—Silk.
Eight bodyguards and just as many servants, and, among them, standing far at the back, a huge, broad-shouldered man with a severe nose, who stood quiet with a plain helm over his face and good, but severely plain armor, aside from the complicated blue seal that combined an anchor with some writing Yvlon couldn’t recognize. She met his gaze and realized—he was Hemp, the first of his caste she had seen here.
He was also, incidentally, the most dangerous of the entire group if Yvlon’s warrior senses were right; something about the way he stood made him feel like Calruz, or another fighter who could explode into an attack if need be.
The second most dangerous was the man who removed the riding glove.
“I believe it is with gloves, Highness.”
“Is it? Then—”
Yvlon blinked, recoiled, and the tip of the riding glove slapped her across the face. She cursed.
“What are you doing, you idiot?”
