8.54 H
Page 36
“I’m sorry, Thexca. Healing and fighting in the morning…”
“Aren’t you excited? Your patron is from the Council of Steel!”
“Well, they haven’t shown up. And I think we had better prepare to be here all day.”
Yvlon glanced around the royal court. She eyed the delicacies on the table, then sat back, sighing. Thexca gave her another glare.
“You don’t seem impressed. What, do Izrilian [Ladies] get this sort of treatment all the time? We can order whatever we want—look at all the richness! Scaied is not half as rich…and we might meet the [Queen] herself!”
She trailed off. Yvlon nodded, understandingly.
“I don’t want to take away from the moment. But you should know, Thexca, we’re not going to meet the [Queen].”
“You sure? She’s sitting right there.”
Mectail pointed towards a distant throne. Yvlon shook her head.
“I know royal courts, Mectail. We are far too unimportant to get close. We’ll circulate the lesser areas. Maybe meet with curious members of the aristocracy, important figures—but not too important. Unless one of them is interested in us…it’s impossible. And who would be?”
“We are top [Gladiators]. And you’re famous from Izril.”
Yvlon waved that away.
“Not to a monarch. She could summon Named-rank adventurers.”
That put it into context for the others. Thexca eyed a frosted delicacy sprinkled with gold.
“And the furnishings? The treats? You don’t want anything?”
Yvlon looked at the sweets. She shuddered.
“…No. To be honest, I’d like more regional foods from Nerrhavia’s Fallen. This is all—well, simply rich foods. More edible gold than substance. And no, thank you. I’ve had enough pastries and sweets to last eighteen lifetimes. And fifteen stomachs.”
The others gave her a curious look. Yvlon Byres had to explain.
“I used to visit my aunt. Magnolia Reinhart. She…”
…Quite ruined even a young girl’s sweet tooth. It was like that parental trick of giving a child who tried wine an entire bottle until they were sick—not that it was a smart move. But in Yvlon’s case? She shuddered. Sweet tea. Sweet pies. Sweet…
So she was more analytical than the others. Still, Yvlon had to admit, this court was huge. Thousands of people, all who qualified to be here, and, soon enough, more than a few made her acquaintance.
“So you are the adventurer from Izril. I am the Emira Sal-Therrisa, and I have observed you on the news network, of scrying orb repute.”
The complex statement was followed by the delicate snap of a fan as a Stitch-woman with eye-shadow and a sigil of some kind painted on each cheek in gold stopped before Yvlon. All the [Gladiators] and Zirre bowed.
“I’m honored to meet your acquaintance, milady.”
Yvlon pulled from some of Ylawes for that, and the [Emira] smiled.
“Ah, Izrilian etiquette. How delightful. Tell me, Adventurer Byres. Truthfully—was all of that quite real? I have an acquaintance who insists it was staged.”
She fingered a brooch as she eyed Yvlon. The woman blinked at her.
“…It was certainly real, Emira. I don’t know what you saw exactly, but we didn’t stage the Village of the Dead raid.”
“Really. It was so untidy—and quite dangerous. Yet thrilling. And now you come here—and I hear you have been unjustly imprisoned? How did this come to pass?”
She was the first of a number. Yvlon saw Thexca give her a nod, and she launched into an abbreviated version of the tale. Emira Sal-Therrisa frowned mightily.
“A corrupt [Magistrate]? Your team is missing?”
“I believe…one of my teammates may have been unjustly taken prisoner by Roshal as a [Slave].”
“Fascinating.”
The Emira caught herself.
