8.54 H
Page 22
And there they were. At first, Yvlon thought Thexca was pointing out a giant rug in the distance. It took her a second to realize it was countless Fox Beastkin, mixed with Stitch-folk, mostly young, milling around, begging for autographs, with Vitte in the center.
“Yeah, yeah. I’m sure you bet on me. Where’s my sister at? Anyone seen—hands off the coin purse!”
She was laughing, slapping paws, and scolding the others at the center of it. Yvlon recognized the leader of a group, and she had to admit, Vitte did have that infectious charm and confidence. She was young, but she was a top-[Gladiator].
What fascinated Yvlon, though, was the Fox Beastkin. Many had fur like Vitte’s, but some had red or black—even a flash of silver. Unlike Gnolls, the Fox Beastkin didn’t have the more brownish focus and really did stay true to their distant cousins’ variations in fur.
They were shorter on average than most Humans, slim, and animated. What interested Yvlon the most was how nimble they were. One enterprising thief had snatched Vitte’s purse. He scaled up a drainpipe in seconds, and perched on the roof, waving it. He was so flexible; she saw him curl up into a ball as he rolled backwards without any trouble.
However, Vitte had a strange quality of her own and it was this—she narrowed her eyes and leapt upwards.
And there it was again. Yvlon saw the other fox-boy yelp in alarm, somersaulting back as Vitte landed on the roof. He leapt for a second roof even as she descended, and seemed to be running for the distance, if playfully.
In response, Vitte grabbed something in midair, and swung herself into a flying kick that knocked him flat.
“Got you, you little—”
Yvlon watched her thrash the thief, and come back with the coin pouch in seconds. The Human woman narrowed her eyes.
What had Vitte grabbed hold of? It looked like she’d swung herself, like someone would swing off a bar. But…the space above the roof was empty.
Still, it was clear that had just been a prank, and the Foxfolk were full of pranks. And excitement. When they saw Yvlon, they swarmed her.
“The Silver Killer! Can you move your arms for us?”
“Autograph, please!”
“Where are the other Horns? Do you know? Were you really falsely imprisoned?”
“Can I have a lock of hair? I won’t sell more than half of it—promise!”
Yvlon raised her hands, feeling like she was at a Byres family reunion—but they weren’t half as chaotic as this. It was like…a bunch of talking Mrshas.
What a thought. Thexca was noticed too, but she kept them away, swatting unkindly at paws reaching for her snacks.
“Clear off, you walking fur-rats! Vitte, get rid of ‘em or I’ll start stabbing!”
The press let up a bit, and Vitte herself stood on the roof to give a pronouncement.
“Hear me! I’m giving Yvlon a tour of the city! We’re drinking, and no, you’re not invited! But tell the elders Yvlon’s here and if they want to meet her, they can ask me!”
She gave the others a wicked smile as they groaned and pleaded. Sure enough, three lucky people—two Fox Beastkin, one Stitchgirl—were allowed to join their group.
“I had no idea that Fox Beastkin lived in Nerrhavia’s Fallen in such numbers.”
“Eh, some cities. And many’re here because I’m here, you know. We’re still a super-minority. There are just lots of us for us. We’re here because, back during the King of Destruction’s time, our people were protected under Tottenval. We had lots of kids.”
Vitte airily waved a paw. Yvlon looked sharply at her.
“The King of Destruction. I forgot he—it feels like a story, elsewhere. But he’s actually awake again, isn’t he?”
