8.54 H
Page 11
He hesitated. His mind scrambled over a number of scenarios. Highly difficult. Did he sacrifice the Emira? That was no issue except if the attention it garnered—arguably, Savere was more dangerous. A million gold bounty—which he could pay the Siren, but from which source? What was Fetohep of Khelt, damn…that esteemed ruler…doing?
Archmage Chandler was just about to settle on a plan that went through the Horns of Hammerad’s allies when someone interrupted him. He looked up and someone spoke.
“You are late. You must continue spellcasting or we will be in danger of failure. Or worse.”
Belavierr stood there. She regarded his setup with calm interest. Az’kerash got to his feet. He frowned about and conjured a magical timekeeper.
“I had lost track of the time, Witch Belavierr.”
“Yes. You must join me. Now.”
The Necromancer hesitated. He peered back at Pisces’ orb.
“I have a pressing—”
“I would prefer not to perish.”
Belavierr’s tone rose slightly, and that was so extraordinary that the Necromancer realized—he checked the timekeeper again and was halfway towards the door.
“I have an affair I must tend to.”
“Then choose between failure or that. Our pact will not extend to a second attempt.”
The Witch’s tone was warning. The Necromancer saw her glance ahead, and he focused on the present. Magic was twisting…he stopped walking and raised a hand to teleport in.
“I understand. I will focus my efforts there.”
“Good. I will leave with my daughter until you succeed. I shall return if the castle remains.”
Belavierr eyed Az’kerash. The Necromancer cursed. He cast one glance back—then vanished. Belavierr looked back towards the room where Ijvani appeared. The skeleton stared at the [Witch]. The Witch stared back and the skeleton slowly retreated back into the room.
“Mother?”
The undead called Maviola appeared. Belavierr turned and smiled. The…[Lady]…looked at where Az’kerash had been and then at the room.
“Are we leaving?”
“For a moment. It is still likely he will fail.”
Belavierr kept staring at the room. Maviola twisted her head from side to side.
“What is the matter with him? You said something was wrong.”
Belavierr regarded her second daughter, then the room. Ijvani poked her head out, saw there were two, and hid again. The Stitch Witch sneered. Just a small sneer, but…
“He is entangled. Entangled by his own threads.”
“Is he a fool, then?”
The Stitch Witch turned. She began striding along, holding her daughter’s arm, out of the castle.
“Fool. Not a fool. He tugs on threads too far for him to control. They move without him. Do you see them?”
She turned, hopefully, and the Revenant stared blankly ahead.
“No, Mother.”
Belavierr paused, then nodded. She stared up.
“My daughter will, someday. They move. All coming together. Four threads by fate tie faintly to the Necromancer of Terandria. Fate…fate moves. You must learn to twist it.”
“Yes, Mother.”
Maviola stared obediently at the Stitch Witch. Belavierr’s sneer turned to puzzlement. Then her eyes, the ringed orange eyes, narrowed slightly.
“They twist together here, too. From him to the Gnolls. From him to…it matters not. He has countless threads and to pluck one is difficult.”
She was trying to teach. It was about as effective as her lessons in bookkeeping to Wiskeria were. Yet her new daughter listened dutifully. And she saw Belavierr touch her chest as they left the castle.
“Threads. Many threads for mortal get. Far fewer have I. But one…”
She reached out as if to pluck it, eyes narrowed.
“I have one. It leads to him and to the Meeting of Tribes. That little thread. That…”
Her voice grew darker.
