8.54 H
Page 28
“No, he’s someone you’d like. It’s my fault. I’ve just been in his shadow for a long time. It’s not his fault he casts it. I—nevermind. I’m sorry, let’s change the subject.”
Moodily, she took a huge draft of what she realized was wine. Her friends looked at her, and, thereafter, their goals changed.
“Yvlon, it is my solemn duty to get you to have some fun. Come on. Follow me! There’s a saying in Nerrhavia’s Fallen: no one has fun like a fox!”
“No one says that.”
That was how they began the First Temptation of Yvlon. It was certainly a Gold-rank challenge. Yvlon Byres herself didn’t realize how many things she just…didn’t do. She found herself arguing with Rexel as the woman tried to offer her a pipe.
“It’s illegal.”
“Not here. Silver, as I shit on Nerrhavia’s grave, you’ve never tried anything? Not a pinch of Dreamleaf? Not a single—one puff.”
Yvlon’s arms folded like the gates of propriety itself.
“No. I don’t need drugs to enjoy myself.”
“How would you even know what that looks like—alright, fine! Who’s next?”
“Me. I’ve got just the pet for—”
“Thexca, get away from me with those scorpions!”
Vitte nearly threw an entire jar of bright red hairdye over Thexca. Which she did not get Yvlon to use, incidentally.
“Come on, don’t Terandrians love red hair? Izrilians too, I hear.”
“I don’t need to dye my hair.”
“Well, you’re going to sing, then. You can sing, can’t you?”
 
——
 
Yvlon Byres stood like the solo member of a choir, a silver hand placed over her heart. Her blonde hair shone in the light of a silver spotlight, and her clear voice had the training of tutelage behind it. She projected her voice into the silence, like an opera singer into the limitless dark, be it crowd or only the empty sky.
 
“I saw the Silver Dragon flying
Over home and golden fields…”
 
It was an old song, a House Byres song, actually. As close to an anthem as they had. Yvlon had sung it with peers at celebrations, and she still remembered every word. Her friends watched, open-mouthed.
 
“Courage be my sword and shield
While valor holds I will never yield.”
 
It was a good song. Perfect intonation, really. If Yvlon had an accompaniment, some stately string instruments, more voices, it would have been a solemn, even patriotic melody.
The bar was so dead that Zirre could hear her sister slowly dying of laughter, covering her mouth with her paws. Thexca was covering her face, not quite able to look at Yvlon or around.
“This is not a bar song. Mectail, punch me into tomorrow.”
She looked up and saw the stoic [Martial Artist] in an expression she had never seen before. His wince was so pained she actually stopped and started staring at him.
Yvlon finished and sat back down. Rexel glanced around as people applauded to fill the gap in existence.
“Silver…Yvlon. Don’t you sing, uh, bar songs?”
“I sing along. But you asked me to sing. That’s the song I’ve sung the most.”
The amazing part was that Yvlon seemed aware how well the song had gone over, based on her red cheeks. She coughed, reaching for a drink.
“…I just don’t remember the other ones at all. A Skill really would have been nice when I was on the spot.”
Vitte stared at her. Then she exploded with laughter. Zirre sighed, but the Fox [Gladiator] reached over. She hugged Yvlon and, to the audience, which included many of her kind, shouted.
“See? This is Gold-rank madness! Alright, let’s have a party! For Yvlon, unjustly imprisoned! Spread the word! Magistrate Ducaz is a corrupt bastard and the heroine of the Village of the Dead raid is right here!”
