8.54 H
Page 12
“…wretched child.”
‘Maviola’ looked at Belavierr. She looked at the thread the Witch traced, unseen. She hesitated, then decided to burst into tears.
“Me?”
 
——
 
Yvlon Byres lost the good fight. Which was because she put up a bad fight.
She slipped. That was all it took. It wasn’t a slick patch of ground, or any Skill. Sometimes you just slipped.
The foot kicked her onto her back. Yvlon hit the ground, winded, a curse on her lips. She saw someone raise a spear, aim it—and thrust it down.
The roar of the crowd thundered, and they shouted as the [Gladiator] thrust the spear down—right next to Yvlon’s head. He raised an arm, and Yvlon almost rose.
Almost. The voice thundered behind the helmet.
“Yield!”
She hesitated, raising her arm, and the figure tensed, but Yvlon only took a second to inhale.
“…I yield.”
He nodded and stepped back. Yvlon half-lay there. She wasn’t sure what to do.
“Yvlon, get out of the arena!”
Someone shouted in her earpiece. The woman touched her ear and winced. For some reason, she’d not flinched when her arm was torn off by an undead Revenant, taken terrible wounds from Crelers, monsters, and people—but she still smarted from getting her ear pierced.
She rolled to the side, looking for her sword, but Rexel, the [Storm Bandit], was shouting.
“Leave it! Leave it, and raise one arm up! Your right one! You’ve surrendered!”
Yvlon did that, lifting the jagged stump of her right metal arm up as she slowly walked past fighting figures, a group all dodging a rain of [Light Arrows]—she heard a shout.
“Silver Killer! We’re not done with you.”
She whirled. The [Gladiator] who’d beaten her turned as a pair of other [Gladiators] advanced. Yvlon saw one aim a bow straight at her.
“Rexel…I’ve surrendered.”
“I know! They’re not supposed to—duck!”
Yvlon didn’t duck. She raised her arm and shielded her face, just in time. She felt the impact, heard the snap as an arrow glanced off her metal flesh.
“She’s yielded!”
The [Gladiator] snapped, but the second attacker lifted a wickedly curved half-moon on the end of a pole. Some kind of glaive or halberd variant.
“Stay out of it.”
The [Gladiator] was panting; he and Yvlon had traded blows for nearly five minutes. He backed up, looking at Yvlon.
“Rexel. What do I do?”
“Fight! Get to the gates!”
Yvlon backed up, aiming her jagged stump of an arm towards the other two. She could extend the metal into a stabbing lance—but they knew that and circled.The second arrow was tracking down, and Yvlon knew she couldn’t get lucky a second time. They were going to shoot her legs out or strike her in the stomach! She tensed. She’d have to charge in and—
“There she is! Mectail, over here!”
Yvlon looked around. She saw the two [Gladiators] turn; curse. Then Yvlon saw a figure burst through a clump of struggling figures. A [Martial Artist] moved aside a sword thrust with his bare hands, and advanced.
“Damn, it’s them.”
“Back up! No one’s killing Silver today!”
A second figure followed the Stitch-man from Pomle, cursing, slashing left and right and forcing back those around with two poisoned long daggers. Yvlon saw the [Archer]-[Gladiator] curse as the second veteran, Thexca, stormed forwards.
“Do it. I won’t slow them more than—”
“I know.”
Yvlon saw the bow rise as the two [Gladiators] exchanged terse words. She saw the [Martial Artist] charge, but step back as the half-moon spear slashed. Yvlon saw a flicker—
“Yvlon!”
