8.54 H
Page 37
“Well, I shall hope mightily for your success, Adventurer Yvlon. Nerrhavia is a just kingdom, and if this [Magistrate] is indeed false…it will bear out. Indeed. I am glad to have met you—such lovely arms you have. More Humans should adopt your class. They are entirely fetching.”
Yvlon’s mouth opened and closed. She managed to reply after a moment.
“Thank you.”
“Yes. Well, I must attend to my husband—but before we part, I believe a token of our meeting might be in order? A keepsake?”
Yvlon had no idea what she meant, and the [Emira] eyed her over the fan. They stood there in awkward silence for a good few seconds before Thexca leaned over and whispered.
“A signature, Yvlon.”
“What? Oh—I don’t have—”
Yvlon was about to protest, but Thexca silently handed her a piece of white cardboard. The Emira smiled as Yvlon awkwardly scrawled with her left hand.
“Thank you. I shall quite enjoy mentioning our meeting.”
She departed as a [Servant] bowed, offered her a drink, and directed her towards her husband. Yvlon watched the Emira go.
“What was that?”
“I think she wanted to meet you. You did well. She’ll definitely remember your name if she has your autograph. She didn’t ask for mine.”
Thexca wistfully stared after the Emira’s back—she hadn’t so much as looked at Thexca. Then the [Gladiator]’s eyes brightened.
“Hold on…Zirre, do you have more autograph cards? Mectail, hand ‘em over. I know you have one…”
“Excuse me, are you Adventurer Byres? In the flesh? I just wanted to get your opinion on the latest raid they’re showing on the scrying orb. And, ah, a token of remembrance. And is it true you found a gateway from Izril to Chandrar?”
The second person accosted Yvlon seconds after the Emira. She found herself staring at a Stitch-man who turned out to be a [Merchant Lord] who thought she’d seen the latest adventurer drama on the scrying orb and had some funny rumors about her.
“So not a gateway? I was told Izril had one.”
“That’s a portal door, er, sir. It doesn’t connect nearly as far as Chandrar; only to other parts of Izril, and only around Liscor.”
He snapped his fingers.
“Damn. Someone assured me there was cross-continental teleportation in the works, but that’s rumor-based Skills for you. Excuse me—the darn thread—”
He noticed a stray thread on his thumb, and, looking embarrassed, pulled it and removed his entire thumb. He tucked the digit away in a pocket and turned to Yvlon.
“Frayed cloth. I keep meaning to have it all redone, but they never have the right cuts of cloth I’m happy with.”
“I…quite understand.”
Yvlon felt a tap on her shoulder and blinked as Thexca offered her an autograph card.
“Honored guest? Adventurer Yvlon’s token of remembrance.”
“Ah, thank you.”
Yvlon reached for it to sign—then saw a curious thing. The autograph card was pre-signed, and it had no less than four signatures. The [Merchant Lord]’s eyes brightened.
“Now what is this?”
“Thexca of Scaied, Mectail the Striker, uh, Zirre, and the Silver Killer of the Coliseum of Monarchs. We are a team of this morning, sir.”
Thexca saw the [Merchant Lord] glance at Yvlon’s companions. He eyed the signatures, each in a different color, and Yvlon saw a very stylish ‘Silver Killer’ followed by an elegant signature of her name—she eyed Thexca and the [Gladiator] winked.
“How delightful. Thank you. A new team, is it? I must visit the arenas again sometime soon.”
