8.54 H
Page 15
“Rarely. And it’s mostly Mectail’s fault because he can’t Knight well enough. This is no place for amateurs in any field. Anyways…there’s room for improvisation. Nice combo attack, Mectail.”
He nodded. Yvlon ran her good hand through her hair, mystified. She knew Mectail was a genuine expert fighter from Pomle, so good he’d taken on her shifting, metal arms barehanded.
“So it really is fine?”
He smiled again as Thexca rolled her eyes and walked off to drink some honeyed water set out for the returning gladiators.
“I think of it as fake, Yvlon. A show, but no worse than a practice bout or a casual duel you adventurers might put on.”
The Gold-rank adventurer’s brows furled.
“We don’t put on shows.”
Rexel interrupted her.
“Cup? Potion, Silver?”
Yvlon distractedly saw the [Storm Bandit] offering her and Mectail a drink and even a shot of potion. She seemed to have moved into a supporting role quite happily, as had Leprel, who even had a towel. Yvlon reached for the cup and realized it was with her jagged stump of a right arm. She grimaced, switched hands, and nodded. Mectail took a drink, nodded at the two women, then turned to Yvlon.
“Do you not? Do you fight with all your strength, with your lives on the line?”
“No, of course not. But…”
He lifted a hand apologetically.
“I am sorry. It is not an insult, but I would call it something like that. Testing, then. Showing each other your strengths. But it is not a true bout to me. This? This is much the same. In truth, I like some aspects of it.”
“Really.”
He gestured and they sat on a bench. Yvlon leaned forwards, resting her arm on her knees. She still felt her blood pumping hard—even knowing it was a trick, it had been something to let that [Archer] shoot her.
In the back of her mind, Yvlon had to admit that even had she been doing her best, he might have still done the exact same thing. Dodging arrows…they were real, genuine warriors. But this was also an arena. The duality of that was something she disliked, and, but for Mectail, she never would have agreed to participate.
The Stitch-man took another sip, shrugging.
“It makes coin, and the audience enjoys it. That is a valuable thing for someone who can only fight like me.”
“Except we’re prisoners. You and I, at least.”
Thexca glanced up.
“Don’t lump me in with you two.”
Both Yvlon and Mectail were criminals of Nerrhavia’s Fallen who’d been shuffled into the [Gladiator] ring. Yvlon grimaced, and Mectail nodded, tapping his own neckband. Not as painful as a collar, but…it boiled her blood. And that was despite Yvlon having a wooden one since all the enchanted, metal ones kept breaking.
“That is true, Yvlon Byres. And I wish to be freed. I hope it will come soon; I have been a gladiator here long enough, even without a patron.”
“Then why are you smiling?”
The woman was mystified. Mectail kept smiling.
“Why are you angry, Yvlon?”
Where to start? But before she could answer, he went on.
“That is what the Strongest of Pomle once asked me. Ah—the one before. One of the ones before? He retired to live with his relatives in his old age. A wise man. Once, as a boy, he caught me in a fury and asked why I was angry. Why? If you are angry because you think you should be angry, or angry at things you cannot change…better to leave it for later and enjoy the present.”
“That’s an incredible statement.”
Yvlon muttered. Mectail shrugged.
“It helps me. Anger is a waste of energy. When I need to be angry—I will. I think you have every right to it, Yvlon. But remember your Skill. It can change you.”
