8.54 H
Page 18
“And best of luck finding your team, Miss Yvlon. I often go drinking with a group from Baleros—my homeland. I’ll spread the news about you being falsely imprisoned. There’s a tale that will spread like fire, not least because it rings true. If I hear anything about the others, I will let you know, though doubtless you’ll hear it first. Could I ask for an autograph, to that end?”
“I—of course—”
Yvlon scribbled on a piece of cardboard. Only then did Vitte stop smiling.
Fox Beastkin. A species Yvlon had never seen, that apparently had as many numbers in Chandrar as Baleros because they were the same species as Tottenval, one of the King of Destruction’s Seven. She was short, as in barely five-foot-three, on par with a Dwarf, but slim, usually happy, mischievous, her face expressive.
Her fur was not the red Yvlon was used to, but more of a sandy…sand. Because it fit the natural landscape, Yvlon supposed, with darker pale-grey fur on her underarms, belly, chin and so forth. Right now, her amusement soured slightly.
“We’re the best [Gladiators] in all of Nerrhavia’s Fallen, in the world, maybe. And we’re asking for autographs from Gold-ranks?”
“Don’t start, Vitte. Thank you, Miss Yvlon.”
“Yes, but we’re falling behind. First these [Actors] from Izril—I only autograph, what, twelve things a week!”
“That’s because you autograph everything, Vitte. It’s about value. Supply and demand. Even a non-[Trader] knows that. You can’t sell a scorpion to someone with five down their pants.”
Everyone turned to Thexca. The woman raised her hands.
“What? What? It’s not that weird to say! Didn’t you sell, I don’t know, mice, growing up?”
“…No.”
The woman looked at Rexel. She lowered her hands.
“Oh. Well, we sold scorpions on the streets. Good money. You can get a silver for a rare one…”
Romen gave her a completely mystified look.
“…Do people just collect scorpions where you live, Thexca.”
“Why not?”
“Why would you?”
“Uh, because they’re food, self-defense, poison, collectible—some are really rare and poisonous, they don’t cost much to keep, they’re cute…”
“…What?”
The [Gladiators] were breaking up now the match was done. Some were heading off to rest, or train, and many to eat. Yvlon saw more than a few being tossed small bags of coin, and, in fact, a [Guard] sauntered over to their group.
“Vitte. Everyone’s talking about the Silver Killer. Huge stir—actually, go show her face, hey? The [Arena Master] doesn’t want a fuss, and some big patrons want to know she’s actually alive. Here.”
He tossed her a bag, and the Fox girl leapt up and caught it. She opened it, and Yvlon saw the flash of gold amidst silver. Vitte grinned wickedly.
“Can do! Thexca, stop talking about your pet scorpions. She’s got, like, twenty in her room, Romen. You can come over and watch them try to kill you later. We did good, today. Especially Yvlon.”
She smiled at Yvlon with sharp teeth. That was at least normal, and Yvlon nodded. She sat there, feeling…odd. Struggling, she realized, to stay angry. She had every reason to be, but—she looked up and saw Mectail smiling.
Enjoy what you could. Yvlon exhaled. She nodded, turning to the Dwarf [Gladiator].
“Thanks, Vitte. Thank you, Romen and…I’m sorry, I don’t know your name?”
“Granith. Don’t laugh, please. It’s my actual name, not my arena name…”
Yvlon shook his hand. And she thought the Coliseum of Monarchs might be a bit more bearable. Right up until Vitte raised the bag of coins and looked around.
