8.54 H
Page 21
“You know. Slower. They’re good [Soldiers], but not the brightest bunch. Believe me—Merr used to run rings around them with the [Storm Bandits].”
Rexel casually spat in their direction. She didn’t look twice at the Hemp people. Yvlon stared at the [Storm Bandit] in silence.
“I see.”
“Some of them are smart. But it’s rarer. Heard of Alked Fellbow? He’s a Named Adventurer, even. Or was. But you know that you take the cloth from your parents, right? So the best thing is if they somehow marry someone who’s Cotton. Or Silk. Then their children are set.”
“I see.”
Mectail glanced at Yvlon. Rexel clearly didn’t pick up on anything Yvlon was saying, but the Stitch-man nodded her way. It was, however, Thexca who glanced back. Somehow she had already picked up a snack while Yvlon was gawking around. She sidled back down.
“Hey. Newcomer to Nerrhavia’s Fallen, heh? Strikes me like that too. Don’t get too bothered by every Silk-woman looking like she’s royalty. It’s all just cloth-deep. Just make sure you don’t get into it with the Silk-caste. They’re touchy, every single one, and it’s a pain to deal with. They’ll challenge you to a duel if they don’t know who you are, and the other half will do it if they think they’ll win.”
Yvlon nodded. The Human woman offered her a bag.
“Nuts?”
Yvlon reached down and received a handful of roasted, salted nuts that were sweet to the taste. She frowned.
“…These are perfectly round. What are they?”
They were like dark brown marbles with a sweet, crunchy interior. Thexca grinned.
“Rollynuts. I love ‘em. Specialty grown around here. Have you ever had anything as good?”
“Walnuts dipped in honey…are not as good.”
Yvlon took another handful. Thexca slapped Rexel’s hand away from her bag.
“Get your own. I’m just humoring Yvlon.”
Rexel sighed, but she had some coin somehow, so she instantly went off to get some. In truth, for all her worldly wisdom about this place, she seemed just as impressed. Yvlon suspected a [Storm Bandit] didn’t get to hit the big city that often.
While she was gone, Thexca leaned over.
“Hemp gets a lot of shit. We’re all fleshies—meat people, so the worst is that we’re all outsiders. Don’t bring it up.”
“But that—”
A friendly hand squeezed her arm. Thexca frowned at Yvlon’s metal bicep.
“Dead gods, that’s an odd feeling. Look, it’s friendly advice. Just don’t bring it up. Some [Gladiators] do and get nowhere. They don’t like Hemp, but it’s mostly just talk. There are some [Gladiators] and most treat ‘em just fine. It’s like anywhere in the world, you know?”
Yvlon Byres grimaced. She hadn’t missed how the [Laborers] kept out of the way of everyone else and were cursed at if they impeded the progress of someone who wasn’t Hemp.
“I come from Izril, and we don’t have anything like that. If I saw someone of the nobility talk to someone like that—most Izrilians wouldn’t stand for it to begin with.”
“Huh. Are you a [Lady] or something?”
“House Byres, yes.”
Thexca gave Yvlon a friendly nod and popped two Rollynuts into her mouth.
“Oh, makes sense. Then this is your first time on the other side of it, huh? Yeah, just think of Hemp like your commonfolk. You’re not a noble here, though. They might respect it a bit, mind you.”
Yvlon turned to stare at Thexca.
“I beg your pardon? I just said they’re nothing like—”
The Human woman shifted her gaze past Yvlon and suddenly pointed a finger.
“We should be heading to Vitte’s favorite spot soon. The Silken Saloon. And, oh, look who’s found Vitte. Her fans.”
