8.54 H
Page 43
“I missed it. You didn’t even put my name on the autograph card! You put Zirre’s?”
“Vitte, shut the hell up. Yvlon, you’re in trouble. Septis was the better choice. If they let you duel him, you’d have a fair shot, one arm or not.”
“I think so.”
Yvlon didn’t like the poisoned blade, but the man hadn’t seemed impossibly good and she had a distinct whiff of arrogance from him. Vitte nodded.
“All you’d have to do is not kill him or else there’d be a second feud. Beton, though…”
Everyone fell silent. Yvlon looked around.
“He was with the [Prince]. Part of the bodyguard, despite being Hemp.”
“Because he’s the real security, along with Septis. No one’ll try to take on an arena champion. And he was the champion of this arena.”
Romen muttered. Yvlon felt at her bad arm, touching the ends of the metal.
“…So how good is he? What’s his fighting style? Can I bring any—”
“Forty-three.”
Pethore spoke. Yvlon glanced up. The Dullahan woman looked down at her, eyes sympathetic, holding her head in her hands. She placed it on the table and her head addressed Yvlon solemnly.
“Forty-three. That was his level when he became champion. In true bouts—no pretense, no acting. That was then, and it was near a decade ago, when I was first here. He uses a mace in one hand, and has a kind of arm-gauntlet on the other. He can block with it as good as anyone with a shield, and I once saw him crack the arena’s magical barrier with a blow. That…is your opponent.”
The room fell silent. Yvlon felt cold.
Level 40. A step above her current stage. A huge one. No—she had other levels. She wasn’t purely Level 30 alone but…
He might have multiple classes too. Still, Level 40. And she had one arm, and not even her dominant one.
“Maybe it won’t be to the death.”
Thexca suggested after a while. She shrugged.
“I don’t know blood-duels in Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Back in Scaied, we just tap them with poison and let them scream for a week straight. Is there any chance…?”
“It depends on whether or not the [Prince] tells Beton to finish Yvlon off once—if she loses. Thumbs up, thumbs down. Simple.”
“And the odds of…?”
Thexca looked around. No one met her glance. Vitte coughed.
“Well, he was insulted five times.”
Yvlon Byres sat there. No gear. No secret weapon. The others began trying to talk tactics.
“At least he’ll have to use standard gear.”
“That favors him, not Yvlon—someone check her potions allowance. If we can give her a Potion of Speed instead of a healing potion—”
“…saw Beton fight once. He’ll charge straight in. If Yvlon could evade…”
She didn’t partake in the strategy. Mectail wanted to run through a practice battle. Someone else suggested a [Masseuse]. When everyone stared at Romen, he lifted his hands.
“They have good Skills! It will limber her up for a battle. Anything. Any temporary buff or advantage…”
“That’s a good point. Yvlon? We could try a massage or…Yvlon?”
The woman stood up without a word.
“I need a moment. Rexel, let me know when the match is an hour away.”
She slowly walked towards her room as her friends fell silent behind her. Yet it was not in despair or desolation as they might think. Yvlon entered her room, sat down, and went for the desk drawer. She pulled out the two rings, two scrolls, and stared at them.
I could destroy all of the arena if one of these scrolls is deadly. The rings…
She reached for one, hesitated.
There was nothing stupider than putting on an unknown relic. No one was that crazy. Ceria, Pisces…Ksmvr might do it because he was young and new to the job, but she might well take her chances that the [Prince] would spare her.
