8.54 H
Page 25
“Not exactly. Most aren’t interesting. Wistram News Network featured a few—but the only interesting one was when the team walked into an ambush. And a lot of teams didn’t, um…look good.”
“Ah.”
Yvlon thought she understood. A team could probably reveal a lot of flaws, from picking your nose to all the things you did when you were normally not being watched. And an adventurer’s approach to taking down monsters wasn’t exactly inspiring either. Jumping them from behind wasn’t like the Village of the Dead.
Zirre told Yvlon about the Hundred Thousand Tomes Academy, which actually sounded quite decent. Not Wistram, but Nerrhavia’s Fallen had a vast amount of its own magic, and the underground academy had apparently existed from the time of Nerrhavia the Tyrant herself. It was one of the reasons why Nerrhavia’s Fallen was so powerful; it had a strong foundation of [Mages].
“I’ve actually thought about changing my focus. I’m studying traditional magic for my people, you know, but scrying might be steady work, right? I, um, don’t know about being an adventurer. I’ve wanted to—so has Vitte, but—”
Before they could finish, somehow, it was already an hour past and they were having more food with drinks. Then they hit the city, leaving the pub, and the problem cropped up again.
“So what do you want to do, Yvlon?”
“Can we discuss the patron issue?”
Rexel waved a hand, still grinning. She’d been exchanging locations with some people after dancing and she seemed hepped up by this dose of freedom.
“Silver, Silver—we can talk about it back at the arena. But come on, you have a chance to explore one of the greatest cities in the world! What do you want to do?”
“I—”
“Rexel’s right, Yvlon. What do you want to do? We’ll come with.”
The others nodded as Thexca interjected. So Yvlon had to think. She was indeed in one of the shining capitals of the world, which had so much to do any tourist would be spoiled for choice even a month in. So what did she want to do?
“…Do they have any galleries of art open for public display? Perhaps some landmarks? Some historical sections?”
Vitte’s face went blank. Rexel and Leprel exchanged a look. Mectail blinked and Thexca stared at Yvlon.
“Yeah, I’m sure we have some of them. Uh…let me get a map.”
 
——
 
No, but it was an important part of any city and culture. And each nation was quite different. For instance, Yvlon had seen art galleries in private estates and other places, and she had to admit that Nerrhavia’s wealth meant that the pigmentation open to the [Artists] here was certainly varied.
“A strong foundation in [Alchemists] must also help the design. But you paint your statues?”
“We do, Miss Byres. The bleached color of Izril and Terandria is so odd. Most things aren’t just pale marble, so why not add color?”
“Isn’t there a kind of austerity to…”
Vitte and Yvlon were admiring the sculptures on display when Vitte slapped herself, coming out of her dazed look.
“I’m going to die. Yvlon, I’ll catch you later.”
She left. Indeed, even Mectail and Thexca didn’t linger; Rexel and Leprel looked around a bit longer, but Yvlon and Zirre cut short their watching to find Mectail doing squats outside.
“I’m sorry—I am genuinely interested by Nerrhavia’s culture.”
“Each to their own. Okay, what next? We could go shopping in the bazaar, maybe do some singing with the Singer’s ‘kara-okay’ crystals—oh, there’s also trying out fun magical artifacts! Anything you want, Yvlon? What do you normally do?”
The woman hmmed. And she made the mistake of answering honestly.
