8.54 H
Page 20
So Tyrant’s Rest had countless fountains, waterworks, plumbing, sewers, which meant no one would die of thirst. Yvlon also saw there was a kind of gradation to the city. The center, marked by the royal palace itself, towered over the rest of the city, and the buildings were tallest there, countless stories high. The further out you got, the less developed, so the furthest buildings up against the walls were ‘short’, and, even then, were proper houses and sometimes walkways overhead.
That was architecture. The people? Well, they were sights just as foreign to Yvlon.
String-Folk. Stitch-folk. The self-made people of Chandrar. They came in three rough categories—Hemp, Cotton, and Silk. Of course, those were catchall terms for a variety of cloth, and so Yvlon saw the most varied set of quasi-humanity she had ever seen in her life, in every shade of skin tone, feature, and design.
Because Stitch-folk could choose how they looked, if not always from which cloth they were first cut. Therefore, if they wanted certain features, they popped into their version of a [Barber], and had someone stitch up their nose, adjust their eyes—or just replace entire body parts altogether.
If you had the coin, you could be anything you wanted. And, oh, they did.
“That person has blue skin.”
“Yeah? Drakes have blue scales. Garuda have blue feathers.”
Yvlon Byres stared at a Cotton-Man walking past, carrying a load of fat grapes in a basket. She turned to Rexel. The Stitch-Woman was much amused by Yvlon’s reactions.
“Is that—normal? All the Stitch-folk I’ve met didn’t look like that.”
“And how many have you met?”
Mectail glanced back and Yvlon bit her tongue.
“…Revi, Octavia, about six more before that…oh. There were those at the Village of the Dead…”
“So, until Chandrar, less than twenty, easy? And I just bet they wanted to fit in around Izril. It’s not normal over here either. Well…that’s just because it’s a pain in the stitches.”
Yvlon saw someone else with a distinctly red component to their skin that had nothing to do with sunburn. Hair? Hair was an illusion. You could have hair any color you wanted. Pink, neon yellow, rainbow…
“Pain? Why?”
“Getting all the cloth dyed. It does wear, you know. And you can’t replace anything easily on the outside because it’s all a different color from standard. That’s all. It’s more usual to get something more…copycat-ish. See?”
She pointed out a half-Elf walking along and giggling with some of her friends, all of whom were younger, maybe young teens? A half-Elf…until Yvlon saw the stitch-marks on her skin.
“Isn’t that…”
Rexel waited, looking expectant. Yvlon didn’t even know what she wanted to say. Isn’t that something? But then her eye was caught by a group of [Laborers] with features like actual stone, walking along one side of the street. They were ignored and had broad shoulders, strong frames…
“They’re Hemp, aren’t they? Uh—the Hemp Stitch-folk?”
Rexel grimaced.
“Yep. Glad I wasn’t born Hemp. But then—I was always a [Bandit], and we change up, see?”
She waggled her arms at Yvlon, which were old silk, but noticeably smoother and more supple than the rest of her body. It was as if where her arms met the shoulders, the skin became more weathered, less well-cared for. Even a bit off in skin tone.
Yvlon glanced at the Hemp [Laborers].
“So they’re the ones who stand at the bottom of Nerrhavia Fallen’s society?”
“Mhm. If they’re lucky they’ll trade up to Cotton—not that you can change who you are on the inside. Some even get lucky, but most are like that.”
“Like…what?”
