8.54 H
Page 46
Not his best. But a Skill of a level above Yvlon’s. The simple, iron mace turned dark. What Yisame could only describe as a pall of dark energy charged around it, and when it swung down, she saw the air fracture and spread outwards, crushing everything the shockwave touched.
She cried out. Yisame was on her feet, so was half the arena. The other half was watching the scrying orb. They saw a flurry—then, as the dust was whisked away by spells they saw Yvlon Byres.
She had ducked the blow, unimaginably fast as it was. Beton recoiled as her sword came up and the metal on her arms twisted—stabbed in an explosion outwards. He twisted, but too slow, and as he recoiled…
The [Doomguard] stepped back, touched his shoulder. He stared at Yvlon and a drop of dark red blood hit the sands. Yisame gasped as the crowd shouted and cheered and exclaimed. Yvlon Byres charged into an attack, took a step back—and the earth exploded. A geyser of rock and sand nearly took her face off. She stumbled backwards as Beton charged again, but once more he was caught off-guard by her morphing arms. Twice now! Yisame was breathless, as her companion chortled and demanded a drink and snack.
The stuff of stories.
 
——
 
A geyser of earth? She had never even seen a Skill like that. Had he somehow transmitted a blow through the ground? Yvlon Byres rolled, panting, and saw the mace come down.
The ground kicked her. The air kicked her. She went flying, caught herself, and saw Beton turning, looking for her. Each time his mace struck, it left a terrible shockwave—she had already realized she could block one blow at most before he destroyed her shield.
Yet he wouldn’t give her one blow if he could follow it up. Nor did he give her a chance to set herself. He was already charging. Yvlon saw the mace come up and aimed a finger—a needle of metal shot out and his hand twisted—but she’d forgotten his other hand.
The gauntleted arm blocked her sword, picked her up, and Yvlon felt herself being carried in a bull-rush towards one of the walls. She swore, trying to move free, but the momentum—
Up.
Her eyes widened. She struck the wall, so hard the wind went out of her. The stone cracked and she hoped her ribs hadn’t, but—she could breathe and she saw the mace moving—
Her foot dug into the stone. No, wait—his knee! Yvlon pushed up and jumped. The mace hit the stone wall of the arena. The detonation sent her tumbling, and the entire arena’s barrier flashed as people threw up their hands from the terrific cloud of debris.
When it was gone, Beton was staring incredulously at the wall, coughing in the dust. Looking around for her…Yvlon Byres charged him from the side. He whirled, and they locked blades. Yvlon’s arms began to explode into a porcupine and his eyes went wide. He tried to back up, too slow…
The illusion. Behind.
Beton went roaring away as the crowd howled; he had been struck dozens of times as Yvlon’s arms became a living porcupine of metal! Yet he was not the Champion of Rust; he turned, eyes ablaze with fury and came at her in a roar. Yvlon saw him blur slightly as he charged her. She ran forwards, hesitated, saw the image of Beton charging her vanish. She was already turning—
And the mace nearly took her face off again. The uppercut did send her reeling backwards. Yvlon’s mouth was bloody, but she staggered back. She began her [Sword Art], sword twisting in her hand and he stopped, warily.
They faced each other, for a shuddering heartbeat, then three—then he kicked sand up at her and charged. She hit the ground, wrestling away from punching fists, that mace—
