8.54 H
Page 3
“Izril. You go to Izril. Izril, and Liscor. Isn’t that right, Pisces?”
She looked at him and he nodded.
“I promise you, Bearig. You and anyone I can manage—my team and I will go there, and so shall you.”
The [Cook] sighed, long and hard.
“Now there is a proper dream. Izril, serving Gnolls and Drakes food—not seafood.”
Everyone chuckled. Bearig glanced at Rophir, then at Pisces.
“I know things may change, but if it did happen, if naught else came up, would you have room for two more…? Perhaps three or four, even, if more relatives were to join me? I have an ailing mother.”
“Of course.”
The Stitch-man smiled and said no more. Next was Merr.
“I don’t know as I’d go to Izril yet. A [Bandit]’s a [Bandit] wherever you go, and I’ve heard Drakes are even keener on stringing us up than Stitch-folk. You can break a magic collar or steal the key…but few can walk away from the noose. Still, I plan on some payback to Roshal if possible, and, next time, my gang won’t fall to army or adventurer.”
She winked at Pisces, who raised his brows.
“You wish to continue, Merr? Even after…Roshal would be hunting you.”
The others went still, thinking of that unpleasant truth, but Merr’s eyes gleamed.
“I don’t take them lightly, Necrolad. But I’m a [Bandit Lady]. I have my own backup—they can try to grab me, but in Savere, even [Bounty Hunters] are prey, often as not.”
“Necrolad…?”
Eloque started laughing. She nearly fell off the wagon as she covered her mouth, then gave up. Pisces saw Merr wink, then go on.
“Aye, Savere. Not that it’s sunshine and roses, mind you. Did you wonder how I got a gang behind me so fast, Pisces? Or why I was starving for gold within days of being freed?”
Pisces recalled something after Merr’s first raids. He’d seen her taking a huge cut of the loot, and wondered where it had gone.
“I did…I assume the two are connected, then?”
Merr nodded seriously.
“I gifted the treasure via a Skill. That’s how a gang came to me. ‘Course, I took in two small lowland groups, but it wasn’t all my own talents. It’s a special Skill. You might’ve never heard of it, but we like to call them Yellat Skills. [Tribute to the Bandit Queen]—that’s it. Takes whatever I send straight to the Siren of Savere herself, the ruler of Savere. The [Bandit Queen].”
Pisces’ ears perked up.
“[Bandit Queen]?”
“I’ve never heard of a Yellat Skill, Merr. What’s that about?”
The woman winked.
“Oh, that, Eloque? It’s just our term for it. Rare Skill. But it’s, ah…orange? I don’t know how to say it. Not exactly, but close. Not like a Bloody Skill at all. That’s red, like death. Yellat Skills pop up sometimes; tied to fame, or other things. The [Bandit Queen]—that’s all part of [Bandit Ladies] and [Bandit Lords] popping up. Without us, she doesn’t get to rule. With it—well. Let’s just say that Savere sometimes backs up a gang in need.”
“Not when you were taken.”
Merr’s face darkened, and Qshom ducked his head apologetically, but she waved it off.
“It’s worth, Qboy. I’m worth a bit to the Siren. I pay my dues, don’t cause trouble, but she wasn’t going to throw down with Nerrhavia over me. Or Roshal. Same with me getting out here and restarting my gang. I’ll need to be careful…”
“Of Roshal?”
“That. And Savere. When you’re in the downs, that’s when you’re at risk. But hey, I’m a [Bandit]. Qshom, you go next. Tell us about opening a new shop.”
Pisces rode closer as the Dullahan began his tale.
“Savere. I don’t know it too well, Merr. Is this Siren someone to be worried about? Might she be a possible ally?”
She snorted.
