8.54 H
Page 19
“Okay, everyone! And by everyone, I mean Thexca, Mectail, Leprel, Rexel, and Yvlon—Romen, you’re welcome and you too, Granith—drinks are on me! Let’s get out and hit the city! Who wants to go to the Silken Saloon?”
Yvlon Byres’ head rose as the other [Gladiators] hurled insults at Vitte’s qualifier and Thexca smacked her lips. She stared at Vitte.
“…Do what now?”
 
——
 
Yvlon Byres stared at the door. She stared out the door. She stared into the street where crowds were pouring out of the Coliseum of Monarchs. She stared at Thexca, who offered her a piece of cloth.
“A hood. Unless you want to be mobbed.”
“We can leave?”
Yvlon’s shout drew more than a few heads and the other [Gladiators] leaving glared her way. Vitte doubled over laughing and Mectail nudged her.
“Don’t be unkind. I didn’t realize it either.”
“We can leave, Yvlon. Yes, even you and Mectail. Not the city—did you think [Gladiators] had to stay in their rooms and train all day?”
Yvlon inhaled.
“But—so you get paid based on how well you do and even the convicted criminals can…?”
“Well, you’d have to rise up pretty far to get to the position where they let you out, but sure. You do know [Gladiator] pays extremely well, don’t you? More’n even Gold-ranks who don’t land huge cushy jobs or get treasure. Alright, hood on and try not to flash your arms around?”
Yvlon put on the hood silently and stared at Leprel and Rexel. The [Thief] and [Storm Bandit] followed the other three [Gladiators] into the capital of Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Rexel grinned at Yvlon.
“Don’t look at me, Silver. You’re the one who never wanted to talk. I told you it was worth rising up. And look at us! [Gladiators] in the Coliseum of Monarchs!”
Thexca turned her head and glowered.
“You mean, ‘gladiator and her two support crew’. Yvlon’s the one fighting and they’ll take your nice rooms out of her coin.”
Leprel bit her lip and slid her eyes sideways to Yvlon. The Gold-rank adventurer rubbed at her forehead.
“I don’t care. Rexel and Leprel helped me out. And I…I am not staying here. This is insanity.”
“No, it’s just sensible. Come on, the city awaits! This is Yvlon’s first day out there, isn’t it? In that case—”
Vitte threw her hood back. The Fox Beastkin leapt upwards, and the people down the street pointed. She leapt up onto the roof of a house in a single gravity-defying bound, spread her paws, and shouted.
“This calls for a party!”
Mectail sighed good-naturedly and Thexca threw back her hood.
“So much for getting there in peace and quiet.”
 
——
 
Yvlon Byres’ first true hour as a semi-free woman in Tyrant’s Rest was like a storm. The first thing she saw was the crowds.
She had thought Pallass was crowded, or Invrisil. She had thought they had wide streets, and rich cities. She had been to First Landing, but even the capital city of the north…was just small compared to the scale of Nerrhavia’s Fallen.
The streets were so wide you could play a baseball game across some of them. There were thousands of people, usually Stitch-folk, with Humans in the minority, but every species, crossing streets, buying goods, living.
But unlike Izril, the skies were just as crowded. Garuda swooped around, filling the air traffic, occasionally lazily dodging a flying carpet or, even more rarely, strange figures of all shapes and sizes that flew through the air.
Djinni.
The colors of Nerrhavia’s Fallen were just as vivid. Like Ger of Germina, bright colors were painted onto the stone worn by the wind and dust. Unlike Ger, or other cities with less funds, Nerrhavia’s Fallen was rich.
