8.54 H
Page 32
The audience had a display of the standoff by now, and the nine versus three was reflected on the scrying orb, so the Dullahan woman had stopped her warmups. The [Commentator] herself stopped talking for the moment to play out—Yvlon Byres stepped forwards and they tensed as she lifted the sword in her left hand.
Her right arm began to morph, and they all watched that. That deadly weapon—and Yvlon had no Skills to pretend. She had no artifice either. She was Gold-rank.
She lifted her sword high, and called out to them. Her other arm came up and they tensed—then stared at the curious shape it had taken. Which it had never taken before…
“You are all cowardly, perfidious worms! Worthless, honorless vagrants, assaulting an innocent girl!”
Her voice was caught by the scrying spell. The audience listening to it saw one of the [Gladiators] recoil. Yvlon hesitated, then went on.
“You worthless worms, and maggots of no-good repute! I am ashamed to lay eyes on you. I have killed Crelers with more dignity, and if this is a [Gladiator] of the Coliseum of Monarchs, you aren’t worthy to rub shoulders with common [Bandits].”
The nine [Gladiators] exchanged looks. This was starting to really hurt their feelings. Had Yvlon gone mad? Then she adjusted the strange object on her hand.
It had morphed, the jagged front of it turning into a rough crescent forming a teardrop at the bottom. She held it in front of her chest. Angling it. Almost like…a shield. Then she spoke, and they understood.
“I am a Gold-rank adventurer. And as…a knight defends his honor, I will not let you lay a finger on her. If I have to kill you all to do it, I will. Do you understand?”
They blinked at her. Thexca’s worried face turned to astonishment and then delight—and then to righteous fury so fast the audience missed it. The [Gladiators] eyed each other. Then the Dullahan sneered.
“You couldn’t even last against one of us in the last bout, ‘Silver Killer’. That Fox girl isn’t worthy of stepping in the Coliseum of Monarchs. Her blood will stain the sands, on my word, and no one will heal that. That is the price for mocking our great arena!”
She raised her arm, but the cheers were mixed with boos. She grinned, and winked at Yvlon as she turned her head away from the scrying orb. Yvlon Byres set herself. Now—how would it go…?
Ah, yes. She saluted them with her sword, then raised it high overhead. The [Gladiators] waited.
“In the name of House Byres, honor, the dignity of Izril and—”
One threw a knife and Yvlon felt a flash of pain across her cheeks. She saw Thexca leap forwards with a cry of outrage. Yvlon readied herself, and the first two [Gladiators] came in.
And the audience loved it. Two against nine. Three, because Zirre rallied herself enough to start casting magic. A shower of sand, even a spell that lowered the Dullahan woman’s weight so much so that Yvlon sent her flying across the ground with a punch.
That was unprompted. Unscripted. But you had the world’s best improvisers here, and Yvlon? She was an untrained actor, but she knew her source material by heart.
Oh, but it wasn’t easy. It couldn’t be or it wouldn’t be real. Someone leapt on Yvlon’s back, garroting her as another bore her to the ground and then began raining blows with a mace on her torso. But she severed the cord, which was a bit too loose, and staggered upright, drinking a potion.
