8.54 H
Page 27
Yvlon chewed glumly.
“You have no idea. You know those stories about [Knights]?”
Everyone nodded. Yvlon waved her spoon and frowned at it. Was it bending? She looked around.
“Excuse me, can I get a wooden spoon…? I think my grip’s too strong. Thank you. Where was I? Ylawes? He is that [Knight]. I know that sounds off, but he looks the part, he’s impossible to sway, he’s…well, a hero. Just without the class. His team is famous, you know. The Silver Swords. Countless people look up to them.”
Thexca raised her brows.
“More famous than the Horns of Hammerad?”
Yvlon started. She stared at Thexca, then sat back.
“I—well, up until—they were. They’re a veteran Gold-rank team. Ylawes could probably even meet your [Queen]; he’s got the manners for it.”
“A real knight’s [Knight]. Huh. And your sister? Why’d she do better than you? Is she higher-level? That’d be something.”
Yvlon drew in her plate with the replacement spoon.
“No…and yes. She’s not higher-level, but she is a prodigy with the sword. I have never seen anyone better. I don’t think I could beat her without Skills, maybe not even with my new arms.”
Something about the way Yvlon talked…Rexel looked around the table and saw she wasn’t the only one who noticed it. Vitte put her chin in her paws, fascinated. It was Mectail who looked at Yvlon.
“Neither one raided the Village of the Dead.”
“Ylawes might have—would have done a better job. I nearly got my team killed. I should have pulled them back.”
Yvlon grimaced. Thexca frowned at her over her meal.
“But you’re a Gold-rank. So your big sister’s the genius with the sword and your brother’s the upstanding hero. What’s Yvlon got?”
The woman looked past them. She stared at her jagged metal stump, growing slowly, her left hand. She looked up and calmly met Thexca’s gaze. Calmly, because she’d had that very thought before. And this was her answer.
“I’m the adventurer. I can’t fight like either Ylawes or Ysara. My bladework isn’t so fine, and I can’t stand in the center like Ylawes. But…”
She flexed her hand and Mectail nodded.
“…I can certainly win. I just have to work hard enough. And that’s fine. I don’t want to be Ylawes. I couldn’t, even if I tried. Ysara…”
She paused.
“I’d quite like to see her again. But not Ylawes. It’s impossible, truly.”
“What’s wrong with him?”
That was like opening the floodgates, Vitte kicked her sister under the table, because Yvlon was only too happy to explain.
“He doesn’t just act like a [Knight], he just does what he ‘thinks is right’, and that’s always the most moral outcome. It’s as if the world twists so that he’s the one who carries someone out of a burning building, or fights the monster face-to-face. I thought he was pretending at one point, but he’s not. That’s the worst part. It’s actually something like a trick.”
“How so?”
Leprel was slurping down noodles, fascinated. Yvlon grimaced.
“Ylawes isn’t an idiot. He’s actually quite experienced. So—part of it is that when he sees something happening, he puts himself right where it’s likely to swoop down. He stands in front of the [Fireball] because he sees where it’s going.”
“So he’s actually quite clever. Is he not pretending?”
Vitte was confused. Yvlon shook her head.
“No, you see. That’s all part of it. I think…Ylawes believes he’s the only person who can do what needs to be done. So he does it, regardless of the danger. And it’s not pretentious. He’s just…a good man.”
She took a long drink from her cup. Thexca whistled.
“Wow. I hate him already.”
Yvlon shook her head.
