8.54 H
Page 8
It reminded Pisces of how Erin had talked about Mrsha when she first came to the inn. He closed his eyes.
Mrsha. He wanted, suddenly, for Rophir to go to the inn and perhaps meet her. To see Bearig experiencing all the strange dishes Erin made.
He was sick of this continent, though he had seen virtually none of it. He knew that, intellectually, but it contained Roshal and the likes of Riqre. It was therefore the worst place he could imagine. A hell.
And yet…it was their home. Merr and Bearig, Stitch-folk. Cawe’s too. What astonished Pisces was that they still loved it. They loved the land, their family, the cultures and peoples. However…Bearig looked at Rophir, then his head rose.
“…Do you think she knows?”
Everyone else turned to him. The [Cook] glanced around blankly, then clarified.
“Ah. Her Majesty, that is.”
Still, Pisces was blank. Bearig tried a third time.
“Queen Yisame of Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Do you think she knows…what Roshal does? What the likes of Igheriz, Leciaun—Riqre?”
Rophir twitched at the last name. Bearig looked guilty, but Eloque had sat up in her cart. Merr blinked long at him.
“Knows. Do you mean…about what do you mean, Bearig?”
Qshom seemed uncertain. The [Cook] struggled for words.
“I have always known [Slaves] exist. As a boy. But you see—I did not know anyone who was one…I have had them working for coin in my kitchens. Later, I knew a relative who could pay no debts and became one. A [Thief]—I was glad to see him caught. You see? I would tell a joke that I’d rather be a slave than fillet another fish this evening. I…I quite knew it. But I didn’t know.”
He looked around helplessly. Pisces met his gaze and Bearig shook his head.
“I knew it was a terrible fate. But better that than dying. A [Slave] earns their fate—they were defeated in battle, a debtor, a criminal—until I had a collar on my neck, it did not bother me in the same way. Now?”
He took a deep breath.
“Now? It has been a mere month—no, two, I suppose. For me. I have seen such things…I will never see someone in a collar again, nor—even if my bounty were lifted and I could walk around freely, without fear—I will never look at Roshal’s [Slavers] again.”
A shudder ran through those listening. Bearig looked anxiously at Rophir, but it seemed even the boy was listening. He took a deep breath.
“So. I dream of home, friends. But—when I think of it—does Her Majesty know? Not about [Slaves] but about…what it is truly like.”
No one said a thing. Pisces hesitated, and, eventually, Merr spat.
“If she does, what matter? She won’t take on Roshal; she’d lose out on far too much coin. ‘Sides which, she’s a ruler. We’re not people she’ll ever meet.”
“Yes, but, Merr…she is Her Majesty. She protects Nerrhavia’s Fallen. If she knew, surely—but then she doesn’t know. Or does she?”
Eloque glanced at Bearig.
“Do you truly believe that, Bearig? That Queen Yisame protects Nerrhavia’s Fallen?”
He squared his shoulders, a flash of indignation in his eyes.
“I’ve lived in Nerrhavia’s Fallen all my life, Eloque. It is a good nation, one I’m proud of. A nation of the String-Folk—and Queen Yisame’s a proud ruler for a man to have. Better than the King of Destruction, who abandoned his kingdom to ruin. Our cities are rich, our borders strong…and all is…well. It all seemed well, until they put me in chains. I never thought of Roshal.”
He stared down at his hands.
“She must not know, then. As much as I—perhaps more, but it must be that she has never seen the likes of Riqre. If she did?”
Pisces waited, but Bearig said nothing else. Pisces prompted him after a minute of silence.
