8.54 H
Page 40
Her hand went to her side, but there was no sword. Instantly, the conversation around her went silent. [Guards] turned, and she stared as the tall Silk-man calmly put a hand on his own sword. The young man nodded.
“That is twice. First, the magistrate. Now, an insult to my line or my trusted retainer, which is equal.”
Yvlon stared down at him. Her jaw worked as her good hand clenched. Her first instinct was to punch the man who’d just slapped her with a glove. But she calmed herself, gritted her teeth.
“I’m sorry. I seem to have offended you, and I don’t know who you are…?”
“That’s three.”
The young man’s eyes flashed. He raised his voice, throwing his head back, and Yvlon saw he had some kind of decorative scarf-wrap around his head.
“I am Prince Esceit of Nerrhavia’s Fallen, glorious nation of cloth. I am heir of Quarein, whose royal blood stands second only to Beziin.”
He turned and bowed to the throne. Yvlon looked up, and saw a pair of staring eyes past a veiled fan. She and [Queen] Yisame Beziin of Nerrhavia’s Fallen locked eyes for a fraction of a second and then her attention was dragged back down by the [Prince].
“You have insulted the [Magistrate] of my domain and implied corruption among the Quarein family. You have insulted my servant and, therefore, me. You have no knowledge of whom you address. As the Izrilians do it, Adventurer Yvlon Byres, I say you spread falsehoods, I demand apology, to myself, my name, and Nerrhavia itself which you are guest of. If you understand none of this, understand at least that you stand in the presence of a [Prince] of Nerrhavia’s Fallen.”
The young man stood there, diatribe completed, and Yvlon Byres stared at him, rubbing her cheek. The first thought she had was that he didn’t quite understand that slapping someone with a glove was more of a Terandrian ideal. And even then—it wasn’t used quite like that.
The second was that…Ducaz? Yvlon understood why this young man was offended—well, one of the three reasons listed. She mildly, mildly replied to him.
“Your Highness Esceit, I apologize if there has been any misunderstanding. I did not mean to offend your family, but I have been unjustly imprisoned by Magistrate Ducaz. That is not a slight on your family.”
“You are using my name without permission, Human. And if I must explain, I must explain—Quarein has no corruption within it. To imply a [Magistrate] of an entire region is corrupt is to throw our loyalty to the throne into doubt. That is four. Septis?”
The glove raised and Yvlon cursed, but again, it tickled a cheek.
“Would you stop—Your Highness, I am a Gold-rank adventurer of Izril. Surely you have heard of—my raid on the Village of the Dead was on a scrying orb. I came to Chandrar by chance. That I appeared as a prisoner in Nerrhavia’s Fallen surely seems wrong, doesn’t it?”
She clenched her hand behind her back. Calm down. Don’t pull an Erin. Or a Pisces. Or a…no, those two were the worst. She eyed the young man balefully, and someone else approached.
“Your Highness. Your Highness, perhaps now is not the…we are in the presence of the crown.”
An anxious woman and another gaggle of people with the same odd sheen to their skin approached. Yvlon guessed they were the [Prince]’s family of some kind, but the [Prince] just snapped at the [Servant].
“Now is precisely the time. Or Her Majesty—”
Again, he bowed at the throne.
