8.54 H
Page 5
There were far more [Bandits] and freed [Slaves], but Pisces was more passing with them, though he learned more names every day. Yet in the quiet moments, he did recall.
There had been Astotha, who had seemed—no, had been kind, caring, but ultimately too afraid, treacherous. Droppe, the cunning Lizardman who had chosen wrong after all, and Shein, the Bronze-rank who would never rise higher.
And…Cawe. Pisces forgot her least of all. He would have forgotten Riqre, Igheriz, and Hrome’s names gladly. Azam…Pisces wondered if he would see Azam again, or the Death of Chains. Czautha—he would never forget her either.
But Cawe. As the freed [Slaves] rode onwards over the Glass Straits, they talked about the future. They ate, gained strength and some saddle sores from riding instead of walking all the time, and breathed in fresh air. They had the luxury of becoming bored, but the future…
 
——
 
The first conversations began on the morning of the fourth day. Not of the future. Nor the past…no, not that. It was just as Bearig was discussing plans—well, he and the others were badgering Merr and she was patiently explaining their rough goals.
“Listen. I’m not some fancy [General], you lot. You want a route? Go ahead and make one, and I’ll toss it to the winds. Planning a route and sticking to it gets you caught, ‘specially if there’s some bastard snitch in the ranks. We’re going east towards Pisces’ friends and maybe Savere, or Nerrhavia, or something. And that’s all. We’ll play it by ear. There’s nothing as hard as catching someone who has no idea where they’re going. That’s [Bandit] cunning for ya.”
She tapped the side of her head. Eloque gave her a skeptical look, but Merr refused to discuss specifics.
“The Glass Straits run for a long while along the south here. We’ll keep going long as we can. There are some settlements…we might hit them.”
“So we’re going to attack other people and pillage them?”
Merr caught Qshom’s gaze. She shrugged and spat over the side of her horse’s back.
“Listen, Qshom. You don’t have to come along—in fact, I’ll probably leave anyone who can’t fight while we ride out. But this lot?”
She jerked a thumb at the [Bandits] and [Raiders].
“They won’t stick around without something every week or two at least. And we need them. Without good fighters and riders, this group’s never going to make it. Right, Pisces?”
She turned and Pisces glanced up. He was half-reading his spellbook. He nodded.
“It seems like an unfortunate necessity, Qshom. I will not object. However…I hope I can persuade you to keep casualties to a minimum?”
Merr nodded.
“We’re [Raiders], not butchers. Speaking of which—can you get me some undead? You mentioned skeleton horses. We’ll—I’ll take any if we end up with dead mounts, but, uh—three dozen Ghouls or even Zombies wouldn’t go amiss.”
Pisces rode straight for nearly twenty seconds, blinking at Merr. The [Bandit Lady] coughed.
“No? I’d do ten.”
“You want…undead?”
He had indeed offered them to Merr, but her asking him for regular undead was a first. Merr grinned.
“Don’t tell me a fancy Level 30+ [Necromancer] can’t rustle up a few for me? Bodies’re hard, but we’ll have some soon—and the Glass Straits have more’n a few dead travellers. Zombie horse? It’ll tie up the fighters.”
“Ah—I could certainly do that. And you just want…average undead?”
“Sure, sure. I don’t want them munching on us, obviously, but you can just point the Ghouls and we’ll keep wide of them. I’ve done it before with [Necromancers] who couldn’t control ‘em. How many can you raise?”
Pisces hesitated.
“I don’t know. I have never…”
