8.54 H
Page 29
The bar cheered and came back to life. And that, in a way, was progress. Yvlon watched Vitte take down two tankards in one go, and frowned.
“Don’t we have another match tomorrow?”
“It’s fine. Fine, Yvlon. It’s smaller-scale. We have to enjoy ourselves! Drinks all around!”
Vitte laughed as Thexca and Mectail drank more responsibly. Yvlon looked at her. She had to admit, she envied the Fox girl. She had…
The Silver Spears had done this. Not this, dancing with a bucket on your head on a table like Vitte was doing—and the bucket was somehow rotating despite her not touching it—but like this. She had lied, Yvlon realized.
She had done more with her first team. It was only after that she’d stopped. She swished the drink around in her cup.
“I lost more than I thought, that day. I’ll get it back later.”
But first—her team.
 
——
 
The next day, Yvlon checked on her jagged stump of an arm. It had definitely grown a little bit.
“Maybe that’s why I’m so hungry. How much did I eat…?”
She wasn’t even that hungover; though, Yvlon had realized she’d possibly lost more mass than the average Human if her metal arms didn’t add to her flesh-weight. People had kept trying to touch them as the alcohol flowed last night.
She flexed her arms, found the sword she used as a [Gladiator], swung it a few times, and frowned. It felt…lighter. Brittle. She swung it, nevertheless, a hundred times, then flexed the blade gently.
It snapped. Yvlon tossed it down with an oath, and then checked her arms again.
“…Not great.”
It was just off. Yvlon thought losing an arm to that monster counted as trauma though, so she was willing to wait until it was healed. As for the rest…she walked over to a table, opened a drawer.
Still there. Good. Two scrolls, two rings. Yvlon checked the scrolls. A single roll of parchment, bound with a mundane bit of string as far as she could tell. It hadn’t been affected by passing through her…literally.
I could unroll it. It might well be another Scroll of Greater Teleportation. Put on a ring…they came from the dead adventurers.
Yes, they did, didn’t they? On the actual fingers. So…the odds of them being cursed were remote. Yvlon’s hand twitched towards the rings.
Yet she had to be free first, and, unless one of the rings could help her escape…she had no idea what they did.
Information. Power. That was what she lacked, and it was clear Vitte and the other [Gladiators] did have a measure of power. So Yvlon was on-board with rising in the ranks. And if that meant acting…well, so be it.
“Silver! Ready for the morning’s bout? Can we get you anything?”
“I’m fine, Leprel, thank you. How many?”
“Um…twenty, I think. All of your friends are with you. Just give ‘em a show for an hour, that’s what I was told.”
Yvlon nodded. The Coliseum of Monarchs had a sight at any given moment, which meant [Gladiators] had schedules and, yes, planned events.
“Maybe we’ll just fight. I can do that. Oh—Rexel. There is something.”
“Yes, Silver?”
Yvlon handed her the broken blade.
“…I need a new sword. I know the [Arena Master] is going to be upset—maybe just a wooden one? I can hit someone as hard as I need to, especially if it’s fake.”
Rexel took the blade, wincing as she noticed the costly steel was broken. She frowned, though.
“There’s a huge, gaping void in the steel. I think it’s just crap equipment you’re getting, Silver. I’ll show this to the [Arena Master]…anyone could have broken this.”
“Thanks.”
Yvlon squared her shoulders and made her way to the waiting room. She didn’t see Mectail or Thexca or Vitte; they were all in private areas.
