8.54 H
Page 16
She looked up and remembered. [Berserker’s Rage]. It was indeed—more concerning than any other Skill she had ever gained. She sat back, content with her answers for the moment, and all those in the waiting room watched the mass-battle end.
It was a sight. Yvlon Byres had to admit, grudgingly, that most of the warriors in the Coliseum of Monarchs could go toe-to-toe with a lot of Gold-ranks she’d seen, just on pure weapon skill alone. And they had levels to match—but in that [Gladiator] class, which she now knew to be part show.
Some were outsiders like her and Mectail, but many had grown up in this circuit, and they were so good that if she’d fought with two arms, all her might…she might have gotten to the top twenty reliably, but any higher would be chance.
You needed a team in a massed battle. Sure enough, even Vitte went down, hit by a flying dagger. She rolled around, and surrendered before the [Gladiator] could hit her with a mace.
From then on, it became a quick free-for-all of shifting allegiances as teams broke up, sensing a shot at being the last person standing. To be fair—that was drama.
Yvlon saw a five-way standoff between a hurried alliance of three [Gladiators] and a duo of a big Dullahan and Garuda break up as the Dullahan shoved the Garuda into the crossfire of blades, and the other two [Gladiators] took out one of their teammates. The three fought against each other and the Dullahan woman won—mainly by picking up the last gladiator and hitting the other one with the first’s body.
“Was that last bit scripted or real?”
Mectail was watching. He closed one eye as he studied the woman raising two huge arms to the sky; she was larger than anyone but Moore that Yvlon had met.
“Real, most definitely. Pethore’s grip is similar to any [Grappler]’s. If she grabs you…”
Yvlon imagined what would happen if Moore got a grip on you and was really mad. She nodded. Skill at arms was one thing. The ability to throw someone through a wall was generally respected most places.
The last [Gladiators] were coming in, some being carried, and the injuries looked about half-real, half-fake.
For instance, Vitte was lying on a stretcher, swearing a blue-streak. The blood running down her furred leg was matted, and she was drinking a healing potion.
“You bastard. I nearly had top ten!”
She shouted at the [Gladiator] with the throwing knives, who waved cheerily at her and blew a kiss.
“That’s for last week, Vitte!”
The Fox Beastkin sat up, grumbling. Thexca walked over and touched fists with Vitte.
“Nice performance. Did you really say ‘oh heck’?”
“I thought it was convincing. Don’t bug me, Thexca. I nearly had top ten. That’s a cash prize, Yvlon.”
The woman nodded awkwardly. What a strange world this was. She hesitated, and then saw two figures walking over. One of them was a Human man, tall, long armed, and tattooed. He was the [Archer]. His companion was the other [Gladiator]—a Dwarf who was rubbing at his sides.
“Nice work out there.”
“You say that, but you stabbed me in the liver, Thexca. That hurts like fire, even now! Still…the crowd will remember that. Everyone’s asking if the Silver Killer’s alive.”
They gathered up, and the [Archer], Romen, nodded at Yvlon. She nodded back, hesitated, and glanced at Mectail.
“Er—good shooting. I barely saw it coming.”
Romen nodded again. He frowned, pursed his lips, and then addressed the entire group as a whole.
“Thank you, Yvlon. May I ask a question? How did you find my expression? My posture? It’s hard to convey proper menace. Did you think it was off?”
The woman wavered. Leprel waved a hand.
