8.54 H
Page 2
This was Pisces’ group. The freed [Slaves] of Hrome and Igheriz.
“Lonely? Well, why didn’t you ride with us? Even Azam did, you know. He’d stride over and you’d know he wanted to talk.”
“Terandrians. Not a social body among them.”
Merr agreed with a wink at Bearig. The [Cook] said nothing as Rophir sat on his lap, face blank as always, but he gave Pisces a look.
Not mocking, not hostile or anything close. Just…wondering. Perhaps even happy.
Pisces was red, and not from sunburn. He cleared his throat.
“That is not how I would phrase my position, but I am happy to wile away the hours between studying. I can only devote myself to learning magic for so long each day.”
Eloque smiled and Merr grinned again, reaching out to slap Pisces on the shoulder. That was how they fought boredom. No—that was how they fought the dark thoughts. The memories that came creeping in, with any second, at any time.
Together, they talked. About what, it didn’t matter. They were here. And not all conversations were pointless either.
 
——
 
The first thing they talked about was their dreams. Each one had a dream. Yet it varied, depending on how long they had been in captivity.
“I must find my team. They are out there—I will rescue them, return to Izril, and tend to my friend. I hope…I hope we have not left it too long.”
Bearig and the others nodded, listening to Pisces talk. He had a story to tell, the story of adventure and daring. Yet…he didn’t belabor his point. It was a long journey ahead, and it gave him little comfort, imagining Ceria, Yvlon, or Ksmvr in situations similar to his. If he thought of it, he would not sleep, and imagining them in someone like Igheriz’s clutches…no. No.
Better to listen to someone else speak. Anyone, really, for they all had better dreams. Theirs bore no battles to come, just hope, hope liberated and set free to dare to think of better days.
“I hope to go home.”
Bearig looked around, his diminishing second chin moving as he spoke. He ladled the soup he’d been working on into bowls; it was a hot mix of mostly Yellats with fat, water, and spices, but it did the job, and a single bit of meat added something. A meal for hunger—somehow better because it was like this. Rophir had already scarfed down his portion, but Bearig fed him by spoon, carefully giving him some of his portion.
“Does home exist, Bearig? We were all [Slaves] taken from Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Home…I was a debtor. I could not even pay to keep myself free. Yet you were imprisoned, is that so?”
Qshom’s head turned to the [Cook] and Bearig hung his head.
“For nearly killing the [Magistrate], yes. But while that was my incompetence—I am glad it fell on my shoulders alone. My wife, my daughter—they weren’t harmed. I know it’s a fool’s dream, but I hope to come home. I know I am a [Slave] and it would mean me risking all. But I have this image, you see.”
He shrugged, gulping hard as he filled another bowl.
“…There I am. At the door to my house. I knock, and my wife opens it and she’s astonished to see me. She rushes me in and I find our daughter well, and I tell them what happens and we…we leave. We pack what we can, and we head out.”
He hesitated.
“When I think too hard, I imagine how much they’d have to leave. They’d think I’m dead, or not likely to see them again, and I’d have to ask them to run with me, to risk enslavery and where would we go?”
For a second, no one spoke. Then Eloque raised her voice. Pisces had been opening and closing his mouth, but he saw her look his way, eyes shining by the stars and moonlight reflected onto the glass road.
