8.54 H
Page 6
The others looked at him as Pisces just blinked, and they realized he was surprised. Surprised because, aside from the Horns, no one had counted his abilities as an asset.
Oh, he had run with cults and cabals as far back as Terandria, and then afterwards. But never so casually had anyone just asked for a handful of Zombies, like you’d ask for a bit of parsnip.
A difference in continents. Indeed, Eloque leaned over as Pisces began to ask what bodies Merr had and search the sands for any ‘materials’.
“Can I watch as you animate them? I’ve never seen you actually do it.”
He twisted in his saddle.
“You’re curious? None of you—necromancy is disturbing to most sensibilities where I come from.”
“It’s not pleasant. I will not watch. But Baleros has [Necromancers]. Some. We are well aware of the undead, and Suppression Companies must keep them down.”
Qshom shuddered, but Merr just grinned.
“A few rotting corpses isn’t the worst you’ll see, Pisces my lad. We’re not as soft as some Terandrians.”
Pisces began to smile.
“Ah, well then. I can certainly try with the bodies we have. Although, if you can procure more…”
“We’ll see. I don’t want to kill many people when we raid—that gets you a bounty fast. And it’s touchy on our side too, unless no one likes the bugger. Shame it’s got to be people.”
Pisces tapped a finger to his lips, looking amused.
“And why would that be a requirement?”
Merr eyed him.
“…You can do monsters?”
Pisces shrugged, sniffing slightly. Eloque pointed and grinned and Bearig hid a smile, and he hastily stopped with a glare. He covered his nose as he went on.
“…I have dabbled in arachnids. It is possible to animate most creatures with a skeleton or flesh. Believe me, it is possible. Whether or not I can do it effectively is another matter, but…”
He had a mentor who might be able to give him some pointers. Instantly, Merr whistled.
“Hey, idiots!”
A few [Raiders] quickly rode over.
“Something up, boss? And we’re not idiots.”
One of the [Raiders] plaintively complained. He was from a gang that apparently went around the Glass Straits; he had a glass sword, made of sharpened detritus from the road, which was pretty much how rich this gang was. Merr gave him a long look.
“Fine. Yokels. Go and start hunting for anything with bones around here. Don’t kill anything, but find me dead carcasses of travellers—dead camels, people—and if there’s a graveyard, we’ll be doing some digging.”
“Aw. We have to pick up corpses? I don’t want—”
“Shut it.”
Merr rode over and two of the ragged [Raiders] tried to flee—but she swatted them as they cursed. She projected her voice around.
“I don’t want to hear it! Get me some corpses! And don’t slack, you lazy idiots—every dead body you find is an undead between you and an arrow! If Pisces can’t raise enough bodies, guess who gets to lead the charge?”
The [Bandits] looked at each other. Merr went on, speaking slowly and loudly.
“Undead mean we ride in while people are fighting them, steal everything, and get out without a scratch, got it?”
Oh. Eyes lit up at the idea, and the scouts moved off with considerably more enthusiasm than before, with a few people calling out suggestions for where to check. Merr rolled her eyes as she rode back.
“You do that quite well.”
Pisces commented to her. She winked at him.
“[Bandit Lady]. You have to talk to them and make them see why they’re doing crap they hate. That’s most of the job. So—what can I get? Ghouls?”
“You could get Draugr if I can figure out the spells. No more Skeleton Lords this month, I believe—”
