8.54 H
Page 30
“Free-for-all. You can team up, of course. Don’t worry, Silver, just go out there and fight. Vitte didn’t send word to meet you, so it’s fair game.”
“I understand. I’m surprised she’s on her feet. She was drinking hard last night.”
The Fox Beastkin had barely been mobile at the end. Leprel gave Yvlon a quick grin.
“Thexca will probably give her hell. She kept promising she’d have a show; you have to make people remember you. Of course, she’s visible as Vitte Groundless, but…”
“Yeah. Is she an [Acrobat]? Do you know how she does that, Leprel? Those jumping tricks?”
“Magic.”
Yvlon grunted. Well, it was one or the other. She heard the announcer spin things up.
“And it is the morning in glorious Nerrhavia’s Fallen! I am your host, the [Commentator] Thoweina Silk! I have the great honor of welcoming the following august figures this morning…”
Yvlon tuned out the recital of various noble or important figures. A [Guard] approached, scowling, as she adjusted her armor.
“Silver Killer.”
“Yes?”
“Don’t go off into the city after this. You were wanted yesterday. A patron wanted to meet with you and you were gone.”
“A patron? So she does have one? Who is it?”
Leprel squeaked. The [Guard] shrugged.
“No clue. It came in late, so when we went to find you—just don’t run off. You’ll be called.”
“Understood.”
Yvlon’s blood began to pump a bit faster. So she did have a mysterious benefactor. Well, first things first. The [Commentator] was getting the crowd amped, but it was difficult first thing in the morning. They did their best, then seemed to latch onto something.
“—it seems like there’s a bit of commotion on the grounds! The [Gladiators] are just coming in, but I can hear some arguments from the waiting rooms where I sit, exalted guests! Is it the Silver Killer, ready for payback? Unfortunately, Romen the [Archer] is not here, but we may see blood on the sands—unless her new companions rein her in!”
“Hah.”
Yvlon rolled her eyes, but then frowned. She could hear a loud argument and what sounded like laughter, muffled through the open gate. It began to rise, and Yvlon warily accepted the sword as a panting Rexel ran over.
“—and here come the [Gladiators]! The Silver Killer emerges slowly, like the hunting Mothbear of Izril, sword in hand. In the far corner, the [Gladiator] already moving for high-ground is the Eagle of Senusk, Gekoi! And…oh, what’s this? Something unusual is happening, dear audience, unless I miss my guess! Direct your attention to Gate 11, please!”
Yvlon glanced around. She was in Gate 9, and if memory served, her companions would be…
Mectail and Thexca were both coming out fast, but they slowed as they looked around. They were in Gates 10 and 8, which meant that the oddity was coming from…
Yvlon looked over as the laughter, the sudden roar of interest from an audience waking up, all came together. She saw a terrified Fox Beastkin girl standing there with a spear…and her silver fur blowing in the breeze.
“That is not Vitte Groundless, dear audience! It seems—and I am being told that her sister, a [Mage] from the Thousand Tomes academy has been substituted in for her! Vitte Groundless is, in fact, resting, and apparently requested—”
Yvlon heard laughter from the crowds, and a sudden keen interest as the [Gladiators] turned to the low-level prey entering the arena. Yvlon began to jog over as Zirre screamed, banging on the gates.
“No, this is a mistake! Let me out! Let me—Yvlon!”
She whirled as Yvlon slowed.
“Why are you here, Zirre?”
