8.54 H
Page 14
“Right. Me neither. We’re out of sight. Good work, I guess.”
“She’s d—oh, can I stop now?”
Leprel stopped wringing her hands. Rexel lifted the healing potion, and, unopened, put it back on her belt. There was a moment’s pause, and then Yvlon Byres sat up.
“That hurt.”
She reached up, touched the arrow shaft still embedded in her flesh, and swore.
“Silver in my eyes, that hurt! You said it was all arranged! I felt all three arrows!”
She gingerly touched the arrow shaft in her right knee and pulled it out with another muffled oath between her gritted teeth. She looked up and Thexca grinned unsympathetically.
“It’s a real arrow—the only not real thing is the Skill. What, you thought it wouldn’t smart? That’s why it’s realistic. Good work.”
She grudgingly gave Yvlon a nod, and peered out of the waiting room, eying Vitte.
“Vitte said you’d be able to do it, but I would have stabbed you myself if you messed it up. I think we got the attention of the massed bout, though, don’t you?”
Yvlon looked out. She couldn’t see much besides distant figures fighting, but she still heard the booing and people chanting Vitte’s name. She glanced sideways. Rexel wiped sweat from her brow, looking relieved, and Leprel seemed quite pleased by her one-line performance.
Mectail…he offered her a hand. Yvlon took it, and the Stitch-man [Martial Artist] helped her up. Then he casually and quickly yanked the arrow out of her chest.
“Gah.”
“You did well, Yvlon. Vitte loves her performances.”
Yvlon Byres, [Silversteel Armsmistress], unwilling [Gladiator], and captive of Nerrhavia’s Fallen under false pretenses—well, half false—rubbed at her chest and eyed her friend.
The other gladiator of the Coliseum of Monarchs, who had snapped her out of her one-woman, one-armed rampage through the capital city. The only Stitch-Person she’d met with integrity, that she respected, aside from Oct—aside from Rev—
The only Stitch-Person she’d met with integrity, that she respected. And yet…Yvlon gave him a quick glance, and Thexca as well.
“So you won’t go back out and fight?”
Thexca answered for both of them. She was a Human woman, but from some nation to the west, the Empire of Scaied, and her poisoned daggers spoke to that, as did her light, free-flowing armor.
“No. Dramatically, it makes sense we’re with you since you’ll survive this. If you actually died, Mectail and I would be seeking vengeance. Or if you were on your deathbed.”
Yvlon frowned, trying to figure this out. Thexca rolled her eyes.
“Think about the narrative.”
“Narrative. It’s just a show. And you’re okay with this, Mectail? Truly?”
The [Martial Artist] stretched his arms, and now he showed her his fist. It was slightly cut from where he’d been blocking swords and other blades.
“It is half a show. You did well, to let Arnei strike you. But he is quite good, isn’t he?”
Yvlon hesitated. The truth was that kick had caught her off-guard. She nodded.
“He is…those kicks are fast.”
“You have to be good to make people fall for a fight like that. Let alone put on a good one or one that lasts a while. Don’t worry; you and Mectail will get a chance to actually bloody each other up. In a smaller setting.”
The [Martial Artist] nodded in agreement. He still saw Yvlon’s doubtful look, and smiled.
“I know you must be thinking the same thing I did. But I sometimes enjoy such battles. Vitte comes up with interesting plans and we try them. Sometimes it does not work and we run inside while they throw trash at us.”
