8.54 H
Page 10
Pisces Jealnet may have been freed, but he was far from any port, and weighed down by low-level people he had elected to protect. In any other situation, he might have been surely doomed, because Roshal had reacted to the Death of Chains’ raid by dispatching high-level [Slavers], and their most deadly [Slaves] to recapture those freed.
Level 40 [Mages] on flying carpets. Named Adventurers wearing collars. Brave and resourceful though he was, Pisces would have no chance if they concentrated on him, and no less than the Naga of Roshal was in pursuit.
However…they were going to have a bad time. Az’kerash calmly reached out to an object in front of him.
It was a small, perfectly round crystal ball hovering in midair. It looked like many scrying orbs. It was not. Most scrying orbs were clear, enchanted glass, a quartz if they were fancier.
They were generally not made of literal blood diamond, glowing with the ominous light that seemed wet, like the rare crimson moons. Their colors did not run and drip as they reflected Pisces—then a startled, straining, sweating face of a Garuda [Mage].
“Something is interfering with the scrying spell, Master!”
“Abort the spell! Cut the connection, damn you! Cut th—”
Az’kerash saw a hand striking down, holding what might have been a riding crop or something similar. He put his hand on the orb. It shone.
The screaming started before he cut the spell. He didn’t need to see the rest. Az’kerash sat back, and the dead orb floated away.
“Next. Ijvani. Bring me that scepter.”
“Yes, Master!”
The [Skeleton Mage] scuttled forwards with a staff that screamed faintly as something crawled around the inside. She watched with delight as Az’kerash lifted it in one hand.
Roshal was indeed mighty. It had vast reservoirs of artifacts, and had hoarded its strength. Well…it could join the club. And a nation’s might was not the same as an individual of his level.
The Necromancer could keep Pisces free of [Scrying] spells, as Roshal was learning. Direct aid…that was more difficult.
He eyed his own [Eye of Clairvoyance] spell, frowning down at Pisces.
“At least one raiding group. Low-level [Raiders] and [Brigands]. A [Bandit Lady]…”
Hardly ideal. The Necromancer drummed his fingers on the table.
“Ijvani, go check on the [Message] scroll. Has Fetohep of Khelt replied?”
“No, master.”
“Then…send another missive to Savere under the same identity. Emira Se-Hexri. Are there no [Mercenaries] in the entire region?”
Frustrated, he swept his hand across the orb. Ijvani hesitated.
“Master…”
“Ijvani, I am at work. What is it?”
“Master, I sent a [Message] twelve minutes ago. I can send another, but the [Mage] said…”
Az’kerash glanced up. He sat back, frowning. His black eyes flickered and he shook his head.
“Ah. Of course. In that case, hold off, Ijvani. I shall…”
He stared darkly at the scrying orb. The Necromancer tapped his fingers together.
“He is approaching a trading settlement. If he were to raise a horde…”
But would he? Perril Chandler observed Pisces. He hesitated, finger on his temple, nearly about to send a message…
To the Gold-rank adventurer. Az’kerash lowered his finger. Made a fist. Grimaced, though he was not consciously aware of doing any of these things.
“The others. If but one linked up—not the Antinium. The half-Elf. Yes. But the impetus for her learning would be…”
