8.54 H
Page 24
At roughly the same time, Yvlon Byres was having the exact opposite problem as Ceria Springwalker. Her companions realized it shortly after they got to the Silken Saloon.
“So, can you explain patrons to me? Someone suggested that was one of the fastest ways to be freed.”
“Sure, sure. But come on, look around this place, Yvlon! The Silken Saloon? Like it? Silk servers. And there’s dancing! Hey, it’s me! Has anyone seen my sister?”
Yvlon did actually meet Vitte’s sister, who was named Zirre. And yes, it was deliberate. More than a few Fox Beastkins who were ‘elders’, something of a respected term, came to meet her.
Or were allowed to meet her? There was something going on that Yvlon couldn’t quite parse. This wasn’t like Gnoll culture, where honored Gnolls existed in cities or tribes. Nor were the elders accorded the same respect of age—Vitte ribbed them and they did the same to her.
In fact, the Fox Beastkin who put her in a headlock and tried to rub the fur on her head until she broke loose and tossed a drink on him was seventy-three. Yvlon was amazed—partly because she hadn’t been able to tell.
For instance, Vitte’s sister was younger than her by about a year, had silver fur, and thus the family resemblance was lost, as was age on Fox Beastkin who’d gained silver or simply lost color. They were all so spry.
“Zirre’s one of those [Mages], Yvlon. From Nerrhavia’s academy, though. Hey, Zirre. Look who I found. She’s on my team.”
“I saw you on the scrying orb! Vitte, you joined Miss Byres’ team?”
Zirre covered her head as Vitte threw a half-finished rib at her; they were all eating at one of the private booths, and she was clearly a well-known patron and celebrity. Mectail casually slapped the rib straight back down and, amazingly, back onto Vitte’s plate. The Fox [Gladiator] glared.
“She’s on my team, Zirre. Get it right.”
“Where are you from, exactly? Not Wistram, then.”
“No. Thousand Tomes.”
At the woman’s blank look, Zirre elaborated.
“The Hundred Thousand Tomes Academy of Nerrhavia’s Fallen. It’s…the best in the kingdom.”
“And she’s not the best student. But she did get in. Let’s talk about patrons later. Who wants to dance? Is that the Singer of Terandria’s newest song?”
Vitte soared up from the table. Even Thexca and Mectail were going. Yvlon looked up as Zirre hesitated, unsure if she was joining them.
Rexel and Leprel were already dancing, incidentally. They had found partners, though you could dance alone.
“Are you dancing, Miss Yvlon?”
“I’m not sure. I don’t dance often.”
And this was not the dancing Yvlon had been raised for, which was Lyonette’s formal ballroom affair. Thexca stopped as Mectail was offered a hand by Rexel. To both her and Yvlon’s surprise, the teasing gesture turned into Mectail matching Rexel step for step. He seemed focused too, as if this were training.
“Aren’t you an adventurer, Yvlon? Surely Izril has at least one tavern.”
“Yes, we do. I don’t make a point of dancing in them.”
Thexca eyed her.
“…Want to try?”
Yvlon passed. She sat back down with Zirre. The Fox-girl was definitely not like her older sister, but she was quite friendly; like most of her classmates, they’d kept up to date on the news.
“It is just amazing, Miss Byres. Not many adventurers are on the scrying orb, but some took scrying orbs into their dungeoneering. Dungeoning? I’m sorry, I don’t know what—”
“Dungeon diving is probably the term. Really. So more are, uh, being noticed?”
Zirre shook her head.
