8.55 L
Page 5
Lyonette du Marquin sat back and observed Magnolia for a moment. Her eyes moved from the oddly forthright Magnolia to Ressa. At length, she spoke up, hesitantly.
“I simply can’t quite fathom it, Lady Reinhart. I am grateful for any advice, but given your busy schedule, why are you rendering me with it?”
Magnolia sighed as she looked at Lyonette. She shook her head slowly.
“Miss Marquin. If you see a young puppy drowning in a lake, you might fish it out and hope it is never so foolish again. But if it is raining and the tide is coming in with nowhere to climb—wouldn’t you try to teach it to swim? I would like to help. So—I learned much, from experience and observation, but I had excellent tutors. Lady Zanthia, among others…”
Her eyes glinted. Lyonette saw Ressa produce something. She placed it before Lyonette and the [Princess] saw it was a file. A file…as she flipped through it…of every individual, family, and person of note in Oteslia, including those simply over Level 40 or a monetary or influence threshold. She gulped as she pulled a piece of paper out and it unfolded to show her notes on their backgrounds, ties, and enemies. Magnolia smiled.
“When you want something done, Miss Marquin, you should likely know which strings to pull. Or bridges to burn.”
 
——
 
She was trying to be helpful. No, they were all trying to be helpful. To do the right thing and impart…something.
Ilvriss knew only too well how quickly time ran out. So that was why he’d agreed to this. Well, that and Lyonette was busy, as was Magnolia. So he coughed, and sat up.
He did not have a cup of tea in his hand. Ilvriss was not that kind of Drake. A cup of water would do just fine, thank-you. Sage’s Water was a customary drink served that spoke to a certain cut of refinement, and instead of cake or a platter of vegetables and dip, the table in front of him was as utilitarian as the Wall Lord was known to be.
Claw snacks—a catchall term for finger-foods you’d pick up instead of utensils. In this case? Layered bites. A simple trick where you layered various elements together, using a strong paste or other method. For instance—meat, dried, but still soft and chewy rather than tough, a flavorful paste that allowed some kind of bready center to mix with a spicy topping—flounder?—and a more mellow sweet bottom, perhaps even a stable custard all in a square, or a more artistic design.
Fast, mini-meals with every bite. A working Drake’s meal as one might have if, say, he were discussing something with Alrric over lunch. Even Ilvriss’ study was like that; he’d rented a rich mansion, but the painting of a verdant garden on the far wall, grown-wood architecture with a very full foyer of plant-themed woodwork, and natural colors were not his element.
He did his best, too. But the fidgeting young Drake only picked at his food. Ilvriss coughed into one fist.
“So…Cirediel. Your m…the First Gardener asked me to discuss the role of leadership with you. Perhaps in the sense of taking charge of your own retinue. I imagine you’re pleased with the authority.”
Cirediel glanced up at Ilvriss. He was a striking young Drake, Ilvriss had to admit. Young, handsome, and full of a vitality that made Ilvriss feel a decade older. He’d been told he had been one of those dashing young men once, but Cirediel was an Oldblood Drake and Ilvriss quite understood why the First Gardener was so worried about her son.
A young, troublemaking man, running about Oteslia and causing havoc. Well cared for, though—Ilvriss had never heard anyone truly say a bad word about him, only express concern for him.
