8.55 L
Page 41
The two looked at each other. And into that moment came a crash, a shout, and a commotion. Ressa was on her feet. Magnolia sat there, staring ahead, until Ressa came back.
“We have an intruder. Someone went through the second floor window.”
“Just once, I would like it to be a bat or bird that flies into the glass, Ressa. I take it this is more important than your average [Assassin]?”
Ressa pursed her lips. She looked upwards as Reynold and five [Butlers] and [Maids] marched a figure forwards who hadn’t been prepared for an ambush.
“…You could say that. What timing.”
Magnolia Reinhart looked up and saw Rafaema of Manus coming down the stairs. She closed her eyes.
“Of course.”
 
——
 
Rafaema had known it was risky, but Makhir couldn’t follow her and—after nearly vaporizing him, she had to take a risk.
She’d known it was dangerous, but the instant she went through the enchanted glass someone had kicked her into a wall. That [Butler]—
Then a [Maid] with two wands had appeared, and Rafaema had surrendered. She was getting tired of being beaten up! She probably could have taken both of them…but Magnolia Reinhart had a mansion full of servants and…
Onieva. So many questions, so many things to ask.
But she only cared about one thing. Rafaema looked up as she was halted in front of Magnolia Reinhart.
“Lady Reinhart, I’m sorry for the abrupt entry, but I needed to speak with you in secret.”
“Wall Lady Rafaema, you have either terrible timing or excellent, and I truly cannot tell which.”
Magnolia Reinhart looked…tired. Unusually wan, and Rafaema didn’t know why. She sagged in her chair, but sat up a bit as she eyed Rafaema. The Dragon opened her mouth, and saw a figure sitting opposite Magnolia fill a cup.
…Was that [Maid], Ressa, drinking wine? Well, Rafaema had heard Ressa was more than just a [Maid], but still.
“I’m sorry to be blunt, Lady Reinhart. But I have questions and you have answers.”
She didn’t know what she was doing. But that was the thing—no one did. Makhir, Luciva, no one in Manus had anything more than books and old legends to help them, and there were precious few of those. Yet Magnolia had spotted Rafaema about to explode and told her exactly what to do.
Either it was pure coincidence or…no, Rafaema knew there was one more. She knew. And perhaps that meant Magnolia knew too.
Rafaema inhaled, heart beating fast.
“I would like to speak with you. Privately.”
Magnolia Reinhart glanced around.
“There is hardly more of a private setting than this, my staff aside, and they are all trustworthy. But…speak? Let me think.”
She put her fingers together as she eyed Rafaema.
“Speak to a Wall Lady of Manus…hm. No, I do not believe that is wise. Reynold?”
“Lady Reinhart?”
“Escort Lady Rafaema back up to her window of entry, please. And toss her back out.”
The [Butler] bowed. Rafaema began to protest as they dragged her back.
“You can’t do that! I need to speak to you! I am a Wall Lady of Manus!”
“I know, my dear. And I am [Lady] Reinhart. Chalk it up to Human incivility, mm? But now is not appropriate.”
Ressa was eying Magnolia, more unsure, but she didn’t object. Rafaema struggled, but five servants had a hold on her—they struggled to keep her moving. They were strong!
“You know something, don’t you? You know about me!”
She shouted and Magnolia Reinhart looked up. Instantly Rafaema’s heart froze in her chest. She had been told every day since being small never, ever—and the Reinharts were one of the gravest enemies in her nightmares!
