8.55 L
Page 38
And Wilovan seized the Drake and smashed him into a wall, one-handed. The [Grappler] finally let go of Ilvriss, backing up—and Wilovan hit him. Three times, before the [Grappler] fell.
Ilvriss, panting, shaken, realized the fighting was over. He gasped for air.
“What was—what was—”
“Grabber. He gets you and his buddies run you through. You’re lucky he didn’t get both arms behind you.”
Wilovan commented succinctly. He looked around. There was a cry, and he raised his club, but a Gnoll came stumbling towards him. Gamith? The [Bruiser] was cut deep across his belly. Wilovan stared at him and then snatched a potion and threw it at him.
“That’s not—I have never seen that before. It’s suicidal.”
Ilvriss stared at what remained of the [Lockdown Grappler]. Wilovan nodded.
“See his scars? It’s not a class most fellows take long. Takes a big man who isn’t afraid of getting cut. But his Skills…I’ve seen Gold-ranks go down to that.”
“And that’s how you fight?”
Ilvriss looked at Wilovan. The Gnoll turned to face him, exasperation written over his face.
“Yes, sir. That’s how we fight and kill Wall Lords and even adventurers. The street isn’t fair. You mean well, but they know better than you what they’re getting into. We won’t stop you from dying.”
He jerked his head at Gamith and the Furfangs. The young Gnolls and Drakes stared as Ratici emerged, wiping his blades. Ilvriss just stood there.
Skills like that. Fighting that—he was a Wall Lord armed with Gold-rank grade artifacts, and he’d nearly died to two people ten levels lower than he was. He looked at Wilovan and Ratici and came to a realization.
High-level experts in fighting he’d never dreamed of. And…he looked around.
“You’re right. I’m only getting in your way, aren’t I?”
“You’re handling yourself well. We might have perished in that fight before, frankly, sir. But, I won’t lie, that it’s a risk.”
Ilvriss nodded, meeting Wilovan’s gaze.
“They nearly got you the same way, didn’t they?”
The Gnoll never blinked.
“It’s a good trick. The fellows die for certain if it fails, but they don’t lack for courage when they think they’ll win. Two more places vanish? They’ll think twice. They have to, or they’ll attack until we’re all dead. That’s how it works. The other Faces have to think twice. They’re afraid of dying, that’s the ticket, sir. None of us are death or glory.”
“Except you are. You…Brothers.”
Wilovan smiled. He reached up for his hat that wasn’t there, and nodded. Ratici did too.
“There are rules, sir. The Brothers don’t fight more than other gangs. We fight less, actually. Because when we fight…there are rules in the north, and that’s how we survive. Down here? We’ll teach them.”
Ilvriss looked from face to face. He shook his head, sheathed his blade, and reached for his claws.
“I won’t get in your way. Here.”
He tossed something at Wilovan. The Gnoll blinked and caught it.
“What’s this?”
A huge ruby set in a ring winked at him. Ilvriss gestured at it.
“Flamecoat Ring. Touch it when it’s twisted down—never twist it down unless you want it primed. Perhaps it will help. And…”
He bit his tongue, but handed Ratici the other ring, a dark onyx one.
“Invisibility.”
He could always replace them from his armory. The Gentlemen Callers blinked at him. Ilvriss nodded.
“Keep yourselves alive. I’ll put someone on Miss Marquin with her Thronebearers. A…face.”
“Er…thank you, Wall Lord. Will you be wanting these back?”
Ilvriss turned, briefly.
“I’ll consider them…a favor. We’ll talk later, I hope.”
