8.55 L
Page 26
He felt something kick him even halfway through the cup after only about ten minutes of sipping and asking questions. Lyonette had felt it too, and it was completely normal to her since she had never experienced coffee before.
Rickel, on the other hand?
“I asked someone to use growing Skills on it. I paid a bit—and this is better than any other batch.”
“Coffee. Hm. So…could you grow more from those beans? How much for a handful?”
Xif looked keenly at the bag Rickel had produced, but his face fell when he learned those seeds were dead. Lyonette, on the other hand, scented commerce, and so did Rickel.
“I’ll pay you for a handful. What do the berries look like?”
“I’m sorry, but they’re not for sale. Unless there was a market. Then I’d want to corner it, right?”
Xif nodded agreeably as Rickel peeked at Lyonette. Wilovan was hmming over the coffee. He leaned towards Ratici.
“An interesting young man, like Miss Erin, I’ll say, Ratici. Quite a bit of fortune.”
The Drake nodded.
“Indeed, Wilovan. How do you like this coffee stuff?”
The Gnoll frowned.
“It’s fine, but I prefer a refined cup of tea to start my day, and I can’t say as I’d let this replace it.”
Ratici blinked.
“You astonish me, Wilovan. This is more the stuff I’d take. I even like the taste.”
The two Gentlemen Callers gave each other a long look of mutual confusion. They turned—and saw Cire down his fourth cup.
A vibrating Dragon began to speak rapidly, much to their handler’s concern.
“Wowthisisgreat. ThisiseverythingIeverwantedinlifegivememorewherecanIbuyit?”
Cirediel paused, and looked sideways at Rafaema. He took another gulp of coffee.
“Whoa, you’re all over the place, Rafaema. What’s wrong with you?”
The Lightning Dragon, who was on only two cups, was practically bouncing off the walls as Makhir watched. The Gnoll looked at Cire, who calmly finished his fourth cup.
“I like it! Tea’s good too, though, but will it sell?”
He looked around vaguely, with no appreciation for being the top competitor in an emerging market that might be as profitable as tea. Xif could see it, though, and he was beaming at Rickel.
“No worries. I’ll, ah, just step out, then. Coffee, you said?”
Lyonette glared at him. This was his worst trait he somehow shared with Octavia, only he was more successful than she was. Rickel smiled blandly.
“Yep.”
Xif headed for the door. Rickel called out at his back.
“I mean, that’s what I call it.”
Xif slowed.
“…Does it have another name?”
The young man put his hands in his pockets.
“I might have used a pseudonym. But it’s definitely growing somewhere in Oteslia.”
Oteslia, the City of Growth. Home to probably over a million individual plots of garden space. Lyonette whistled. Instantly, she placed Rickel over Erin for ‘common-sense cunning’. Xif came back.
“Er, you wouldn’t happen to want to strike a deal?”
“You’d need investment money. [Merchants] to sell it, advertise it, and a backer.”
“Yep. It’s not something I can figure out—I don’t know how these things work.”
Rickel spread his hands with a bit of frustration. He scratched at his head.
“…It’s about being known and knowing the right people. Influence, as much as having the right idea. Hecking frustrating, you get me?”
He looked at Lyonette, and she thought she heard Magnolia’s words echo for a second. Then she nodded.
“As it happens…I do know someone who might be interested in backing a project like this.”
“Me! Xif the [Alchemist]. I’m actually quite well known in Pallass, and, if it wakes you up, every [Alchemist] would love to buy. I’d be happy to vouch for it and put in—”
