8.55 L
Page 12
“Someone has to keep working at the Faerie Flowers now we know what’s up. Saliss is off doing Saliss things, damn him—I’m going to make a run for two more sets of alchemy-ware. Not enough test tubes. Fortunately, I know a good [Glassblower].”
“Mm. Unless Miss Lyonette said she’d need us, we may also head out on the town.”
Xif looked from Mirn and Onieva to the two casual Gentlemen Callers.
“Aren’t you worried about an attack? Those criminals attacked Lyonette in broad daylight. I’m safe…I think, but I’ll be sticking to the main streets until the Watch sorts it all out.”
Onieva snorted and the two Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings smiled politely. Wilovan nodded at Xif.
“I believe we’ll be just fine, sir. We know how to keep our noses out of trouble, as it were. Miss Onieva, we must have a meal at some point.”
“Oh, you. I might take you up on it.”
Onieva grinned with all her teeth. Mirn rolled his eyes. She had all the luck. Wilovan and Ratici stood, fortified and ready to face the world. They strolled out the door. Yes, life was good.
“Not even a watcher. I suspect they’re all on Miss Lyonette—oh, no. I see one.”
Ratici eyed the small figure lurking in the crowd. Wilovan brushed at his hair with a comb.
“No older fellows or ladies? Sensible.”
“A bit off from how they’d do it in the north, though. Too much downtime. I was ready for a night move—but they’re less afraid of the Watch. It’s rare to see a daylight go at it, wasn’t it?”
“Too right. Let’s not think the Watch will turn their noses up at us.”
The two nodded at each other. They still had yet to fully understand Oteslia’s intricacies, let alone the underworlds of any Walled City, but they knew the business, and this was a matter of nuance, not reinventing the wheel. They strolled forwards, planning out their day. Normally, they’d be on the job so to speak first off, but Wilovan raised a paw as Ratici made to walk left.
“Hold on, Ratici. I’d like to vouchsafe a change in plans before we get moving.”
“Hm? What’s that, then?”
Ratici was watching the Gnoll boy trying to tail them with a decent amount of stealth—for anyone but Ratici. He really didn’t see any other tails.
The Second Gardener. The Earthtenders, the biggest gang in Oteslia, with at least three Faces. Well, they’d certainly been dangerous, but Ratici and Wilovan had escaped against all odds thanks to that young man, Rickel. As for the miraculous stand with Lyonette in the open?
It had to have been a blow. Either the Earthtenders were regrouping or wary of a second costly attack—Ratici didn’t know. But it was a mistake however they did it. Because…
“I have a fancy this might be worth the investment. Give me an hour?”
“Oh, very well. I suppose we can see how they move, then.”
Ratici followed Wilovan, not so much following the Gnoll who went off searching for something, but watching the response.
Ah, there it is. The lad called in no less than eight fellows who appeared in less than ten minutes and began tailing Ratici and Wilovan. Respectable, Ratici supposed. He nudged Wilovan.
“Second street after we turn? Crosswalk?”
“Hm. If you like.”
The two turned left down a street. Wilovan paused to ask someone for directions, and was assured he was on the right trail. The Earthtenders following the duo saw Ratici and Wilovan step left hurriedly as a group of bulls hauling huge wagons of produce lumbered down the street, a [Beast Tamer] managing them. The eight plus the tail watched the wagons roll past…
