8.55 L
Page 0

[Mother of Learning is out on Amazon! Consider buying it to support an amazing (finished!) web serial! The link is here!]
 
If you didn’t know that sad story, you were hardly to be blamed. It did not matter to most people. It just was one personal life that affected a family—a bit more given their station. It was a simple tale too, and old history.
[Like a Lion, He Leapt]. The [Prince] of Isphel, Ziwar Isphel fought during the succession wars for Nerrhavia Fallen’s throne.
He died alone. With pride and little else.
With pride and no allies. Yes, like a lion. They told stories of that last minute.
Perhaps it would be a story remembered more often, now. However, what fewer people remembered was that Ziwar Isphel was succeeded by his son, who would one day inherit the very Skill of his father. Prince Zenol grew up alone. Now, the King of Destruction awoke. A companion from a single raid was prisoner of his very nation, and, for a single friendship made in combat over three short days, he put the name of Isphel against mighty Quarein.
It would have been easier, if someone had been able to teach him. All the rest of his life? If he had a true mentor besides [Tutors] and teachers—someone to guide him. But the time in the hour glass was out. These were dramatic days, and running faster.
From Nerrhavia’s Fallen to the Meeting of Tribes, they roamed about, entering the limelight for the first time. Sometimes they were completely alone. But what if someone could teach them? Even if it was just one thing?
 
——
 
“Yes, Your Majesty. We have found her. It is most certainly Her Highness, Princess Lyonette du Marquin. She is hale of heart and body, and, I feel, grown since last I laid eyes on her.”
Ser Lormel of the Order of the Thronebearers of Calanfer spoke cautiously—but rapidly—into the speaking stone. He kept checking it every two seconds, holding another artifact near it, which remained clear, but he was prepared to snatch the little stone away in a moment.
Dame Ushar was doing that with both hands, albeit with different artifacts, as Ser Sest and Dalimont kept watch. All of them could hear Lormel—although Ushar only faintly. The [Knight] paused.
“…No, Your Majesty. My Queen, if I may be so bold, it was, ah, not mete to inquire about that at the, er—the moment. I am sure Dame Ushar could…yes, Your Majesty. Quite for later.”
He wiped a bead of sweat off his face.
“Yes, sire? Her Hi—Princess du Marquin could speak w—she is quite, ah, composed, Your Majesty. If you would care to…”
He hesitated. Listened for nearly three minutes. The other [Knights] heard him reply now and then.
“…Yes, Your Majesty…if I may suggest, there are extenuating—of course not. I merely mention Her Highness has expressed to us on the authority of—naturally. By the Eternal Throne itself? …Yes. Yes. Securing safe passage will be—with utmost discretion and safety towards her—I will light a candle for success, Your Majesty. Glory to Calanfer and victory in battle against Ailendamus! We shall faithf—”
He hesitated, checked the speaking stone, and lowered it. Dame Ushar saw Lormel wipe at the sweat that had been growing on his brow with a handkerchief. Without a word, he put the speaking stone down, reached for a cup of water, and took a drink.
“What did their Majesties say, Ser Lormel? It was both of them?”
“Yes—yes, Ushar. Sest! Dalimont, you’d better come in. We have orders.”
