8.55 L
Page 50
“My daughter is in the Meeting of Tribes, Wall Lady Rafaema. I would appreciate if you can spit out what you want. I will answer you candidly, you have my word.”
The Lightning Dragon blinked. She looked at Lyonette. Cire blinked.
“You…you do have a daughter?”
Lyonette shifted her gaze to him and he flinched, though she was still smiling politely.
“Yes. I did not give birth to her, but she is mine. If that is what you are asking. What do you want?”
“It—is a matter of great secrecy. I can’t divulge it unless you were as informed as…someone who knows.”
Rafaema grimaced. She was dancing with a secret and unsure of how to do it. Just blurt it out? Not to a [Princess], not to Calanfer’s heir, Terandrian might.
A continent of [Knights]. Owners of a Dragonthrone. Why was it so hard? Rafaema hesitated and saw Lyonette narrow her eyes. The [Princess] tapped her lips, then half-rose and fetched a tea set. She offered some cold tea around and only Cire took it. She sipped from a cup, eyed Rafaema, then spoke.
“So? Which is it? It’s not coffee or my identity. Then…are you two some species in disguise? Do I have some kind of object in my possession you need? Wait—are you V—”
She hesitated. Rafaema and Cire jumped and gaped at her. Lyonette stared at them.
“Are you Goblins in disguise?”
“…What?”
The two goggled at Lyonette. She searched their faces.
“You are! You’re something. Not Goblins?”
“We’re not—you don’t know! That’s totally whacked in the head, that’s Lizard-brain thinking.”
Cire blustered. Lyonette looked at him. She looked at him in a way Rafaema had seldom seen, even in over a century of life.
“Yes. I do.”
“How?”
Rafaema put a claw out. It was shaking. No, Lyonette didn’t know or she would have guessed. But she looked at them and…the [Princess] breathed.
“It’s so obvious. I was distracted, but it’s obvious. You. Onieva. Even that Nerul and Xesci are for something. I don’t care. I wish I did but—yes, I know. I know you’re special, or on some kind of mission.”
“How? A Skill?”
Lyonette du Marquin laughed. She threw her head back and laughed, not like a [Princess], because they were taught not to laugh like that. Like a [Barmaid] at an inn. She laughed, giggling at the mirth and their uncomprehending faces and burst out.
“Because I have known people like you! I serve them drinks and food! I met the greatest [General] in Izril—the world! He stayed at my inn! I knew people who became Gold-rank adventurers. I know a Courier and—”
Her face stopped shining bright and fell sad.
“I know. So tell me. Ask me, and I’ll answer. I must leave Oteslia.”
“You cannot. Not through a siege. Zeres may be slouches in some ways, but they’ve been tweaked twice. To where, the Meeting of Tribes to find your daughter? You will never make it without an army.”
“Or a magical carriage.”
Lyonette nodded to Rafaema. She was so calm. She studied their wings, scales, mismatched eyes, and frowned. As if she recognized something.
The scent was fading. The trail grew colder. And could they trust her? Cire burst out.
“We’re looking for someone. You might not even know who it is. I bet you don’t, not really. But they were at your inn or crossed paths with you. And we want to find—”
He hesitated.
“It’s secret. But we need your help. But we can’t trust you. So, uh—checkmate.”
Rafaema and Lyonette stared at him. Had he just checkmated himself? Erin Solstice he was not. Yet Lyonette looked at Rafaema.
“Trust is a difficult thing, especially when you have something truly valuable to hide. I know that full well. I was a [Princess] in hiding. I have other secrets.”
