8.55 L
Page 14
She signaled the apprentice [Tailor] who was helping the front of the shop. He was another Drake, and looked up from the counter with a frown. Since he was an apprentice, he’d also managed the counter and had gained a [Salesman] class. He activated a Skill, eying the two Gentlemen Callers. They dressed well, but were they really the sorts you wanted in Canopies of Cloth?
Ratici and Wilovan felt the Skill incoming and let it happen. The [Tailor] blinked. He sat up, leapt off his stool, and came around the counter, adjusting the deep magenta vest and snappy leggings. The [Attendant] took the cue that these were real clients and beamed harder as Wilovan tipped his cap to her.
“I’m hoping to do both, Miss. An order, but something rather stylish for now if it can be arranged. I had a bit of an incident with my last best dress, you see…”
“Well, we can certainly help with that! Is it casual formalwear? Exclusively for events?”
Wilovan replied solemnly.
“Miss, I believe every day is an occasion for a fellow’s best dress.”
He was rewarded with an approving smile from the younger Drake and one of the customers window-shopping clothes. Someone understood how to live properly.
Ratici declined to have the [Tailor] measure him and let Wilovan be the focus while he inspected the clothing on racks. He did buy a suit in blue on a whim, but Wilovan was the star of the show.
“I am thinking—a full tuxedo suits your hat perfectly, Mister Wilovan. Our best [Tailor] can certainly amend it with perhaps an Oteslian motif? For today, what about this shirt to begin with? The silk comes from Oteslia itself, you see. I think it would accentuate—”
Wilovan’s chest and arms were broad, and the silk shirt on offer would highlight that. The Gnoll was a bit bashful as he entered the dressing room, but the [Attendant] and [Tailor] sighed as he came out.
“I fear it might be a tad bit too small, Miss. A fine suggestion, but I’d hate to burst it—”
Which Wilovan could certainly do if he had to move fast or started swinging. There was a component to this that was practical, but the [Attendant] hastened to assure Wilovan it would not be a problem.
“This is actually a custom line, Mister Wilovan. Does the shirt feel…uncomfortable? Tight?”
“No…but I am a bit wary of, ah, flexing.”
Wilovan admitted after a moment. It was rather nice and didn’t pull at his fur, which was always a consideration. The [Attendant] smiled and whispered.
“It has basic enchantments in that regard. The complete set. Stains, smoothness, and stretching. It isn’t our cheapest shirt, but I assure you, it will complement your physique. It actually comes from a new line of clothing inspired by a visitor our [Tailor] once had. The ‘Grimalkin’ look—won’t you try, ah, straining the shirt?”
Wilovan, quite embarrassed, did so, and the shirt strained across his chest and shoulders. One of the customers shopping was so impressed she came over to introduce herself and ask if he had plans for that evening.
He did, sadly, so the Gnoll turned the disappointed member of Oteslia’s upper crust down. That might have been forward, but one did not simply let a man in perfect shape who paid attention to his dress simply walk out of their day.
