8.55 L
Page 24
“Ah, of course. I think I recognize your accent—but we should talk later. I think I know someone from the same clime, or thereabouts. Joseph? But won’t you come in and have a…wrap?”
Rickel nearly tripped as she indicated. He stared at Lyonette, then a huge smile appeared and vanished from his face. He saw Lyonette eye him.
Well now! Rickel saw Ratici smile briefly, and reached into his jacket. Ushar eyed him, but she had already checked him. The young man followed Lyonette in and blinked at the crowd and food.
“Wraps? Burrito wraps?”
“Won’t you have one? Ser Lormel! One more!”
Lyonette called out with a ringing voice, like someone in an inn. Rickel looked at her. He looked at Wilovan, and then Ilvriss, Cire, Rafaema—he exhaled hard.
“Wow. Talk about upping the ante.”
The [Gambler] paused, then drew something out of his jacket. He looked quite carefully at Lyonette, then proffered it as she turned.
“Looks like an amazing lunch. Mind if I add something to drink? I’m not sure if you’ve ever heard of…coffee?”
Lyonette stopped dead in her tracks. Just as Rickel had hoped. She looked back and recalled the ravings of the desperate, the withdrawn. The likes of Rose, Galina, Kevin, and even Ryoka, now and then. A list of things Erin Solstice had named once, and while they’d found chocolate…she blinked at Rickel.
“What did you say?”
He grinned. It was definitely worth the risk.
 
——
 
“A [Princess] served me a sandwich. I mean, a wrap. This…this is strange. Is she on the list? I feel as though that qualifies. I know I excluded her, but…”
Xesci needed to sit down. Osthia clearly felt the same way, but Ilvriss didn’t even blink.
“Lyonette is a special case and she is trustworthy, Xesci. Nerul, what about the rest?”
“I didn’t get much. Other than that Cire has more bodyguards than I do, even visiting hostile cities. Oh, and Rafaema had a [Hunt Commander] obviously on bodyguard. And who’s that lad?”
Nerul was munching on his third wrap, watching as Rickel and Lyonette conferred in the kitchen. Ilvriss glanced out the window.
“We should be going. Didn’t you want to catch Magnolia Reinhart?”
Nerul asked pointedly, but Ilvriss lifted a claw.
“Uncle, that is important. But I have to tell you—wait. On instinct.”
“Instinct?”
The [Diplomat] eyed his nephew. Ilvriss nodded, almost smiling. He looked into the kitchen where Lyonette was studying some odd beans that Makhir and Wilovan could smell.
“It’s…familiar.”
And yet, not. It was so familiar that Lyonette instantly dropped everything she was doing, and Ilvriss postponed leaving. Xif had sidled into the kitchen and been ejected hard, and Onieva was pointing it out to Mirn. They knew.
And yet—
Lyonette du Marquin looked at the beans. Which were actually the inner extract from a red cherry-like fruit like grapes that grew from a plant that did not resemble these shrivelled husks at all.
No wonder Erin had never found them. She kept describing beans, forgetting they had to be removed of flesh and dried. She would have gotten there, of course, once she found a plant or the beans. Then she’d have to organize getting a source, experimenting with drying them, grinding, finding the right mixture…
It would have been an adventure. A small one, but a worthy entry into The Wandering Inn’s hall of fame in fiscal inventions. However…the journey was already at an end. And that was strange because Lyonette hadn’t even taken one step in the process.
