8.55 L
Page 10
“Hold them up? Mirn. Mirn, Mirn. Haven’t you been watching the news? Saliss isn’t holding them up. He has to hold them back. But Onieva…these idiots going after Lyonette? And this. This twisted gift.”
He lifted it up. Breathed. Mirn watched nervously as Saliss removed the cork with a single flick of the thumb.
“Yes. Onieva will not do the things that belong to Saliss. But Saliss? Saliss can’t be seen doing the truly ‘evil’ things. Depraved things like going to a bar or…that’s a good excuse.”
“Saliss…”
The Drake smiled. He took a single draft of the vial, and rasped as he sat back.
“These are better days, Mirn. Better than they were. Remind Onieva to search for those damned ethereal reagents. And…Saliss.”
He sat there. Mirn waited.
“How do I explain it?”
The [Alchemist] shrugged.
“Just tell her. How could she understand it? It’s good she won’t be able to. Just tell her. I’ll remember when I wake up.”
The smile lingered as Mirn looked away. The [Protector] took a deep breath, heart pounding, scales tingling. It was too painful to think of, his friend’s decisions and sacrifices. Many stories were like that. Yet—he turned as a Drake, an [Alchemist], stretched and laughed. That smile was so different, for all it had many of the same qualities.
Better days.
 
——
 
Wilovan and Ratici woke up at dawn. It was reflex, though they might sleep into evening. The Gnoll checked himself, reaching for his side. Ratici felt a pain that refused to go away. They started—Ratici half-rolled, a dagger in his claw.
Memories from yesterday faded. Wilovan opened one eye. He looked around the room in Mivifa’s estate. Ratici gave him a slow nod. Wilovan touched his tender healed flesh. He lay back—and went back to sleep. Ratici did the same, after a circumspect check of the room.
They had work to do. But later. They slept the sleep of goodfellows with another day, and that was a reward of its own. Pure and simple.
We are alive.
When they stood, life was simple and uncomplicated. Ratici rolled out of bed and found Wilovan already dressing himself. Or rather, trying to. He ruefully brushed at what looked like a bunch of rags.
“That was my best suit.”
“Indeed it was, Wilovan. I always thought it was rather too fine for you given how much you paid for it.”
The Gnoll looked askance at Ratici, who was selecting his own wardrobe from his bag of holding. He sighed long.
“I will admit, it was a special arrangement with the [Tailor]. A fine woman. Magnificent, really. Yet but for it—”
He felt at his side, his chest, perplexed. He should be dead. He was not. In fact, Wilovan felt better than he had been in…a long time. It still lingered on him, like a haze of goodwill. A distant light he could reach for in the dark hours he walked. A…blessing. A boon.
[Boon of the Princess]. And with it, the Skill that glowed with that same light in his head.
[He Scratched Only Thread].
Wilovan smiled. Ratici watched him standing there, only wearing his undergarments. The Drake [Thief] coughed.
“I must admit, Wilovan, unseemly as it is—I am beyond jealous of you.”
Wilovan turned. The [Gentleman Thug] nodded, going to tip his hat before he remembered it was sitting on the table. He went to fetch it.
“Ratici, I daresay your jealousy is beyond warranted. I could toss a hundred winning rolls on the feeling alone. The feeling of being…”
He paused, inhaling as Ratici went to the window. The Drake checked his corners, opened it. No poisoned dart sped through towards him, so it was a fine day. Morning air, fresh. He turned to Wilovan as the Gnoll finished his sentence.
“…a fine fellow.”
