8.55 L
Page 37
“Just like me and Ratici. Just so you know—of our level. Which means over Level 40, some of ‘em. And there won’t be one, or three—we know the Earthtenders have three at their headquarters alone. We might have to fight…what, for a Walled City, Ratici?”
“Dozens. Not all of the same level. Take them on one at a time. Hit and away. So long as they’re on us, Miss Lyonette’s safe. They won’t try her if they think we’re at their backs.”
This was a strategy, Ilvriss realized. A strategy that was actually thought-out, but he was the fool who couldn’t even see the battlefield. He slowed as they approached their next location.
“You’re telling me there are dozens of high-level members of gangs in Oteslia and every city? Including my own?”
Wilovan smiled at him, politely. It was like his mother patting his hand and telling him he’d done a ‘good job’. It wounded Ilvriss to the quick.
“There’s worlds beyond the one you know, sir. A fellow or lady has to level a bit faster if things are tough. Fair warning. Let us go in first this time.”
“Absolutely not. I am still a Wall Lord, and I have artifacts and the levels to match.”
Ratici sighed.
“Just as you like, sir.”
 
——
 
Ilvriss nearly died. In many ways, he was like Tyrion Veltras. He wasn’t that old, he was a prominent member of aristocracy, and he was good in a fight. He was not as martially famous as Tyrion, but he had artifacts and training and he nearly died.
Wilovan and Ratici went in like fire and fury and, Ilvriss had to admit, they were better fighters than he was, at least in the close-quarters fighting down another hideaway. This one was all corridors; an actual house turned into a base. Wilovan’s club and Ratici’s blades were perfect for these close conditions, but Ilvriss was still trained by the best.
Not only his old [Weapons Trainer], but Tessa and experience. He was adept at fighting, even without room to fully swing his sword. What he was not prepared for was how they fought.
The gangs. He took down three Drakes and Gnolls in quick succession, feeling like he was on a battlefield. The blood. Yet he didn’t waver. He turned as a Drake, a huge Drake with scars all over his scales, charged down the corridor.
Idiot. Ilvriss went to run him through and his strike bounced off the other’s scales. No—the enchanted blade clearly cut and drained the Drake, but he’d used a Skill! Ilvriss backed up, ready for a strike and—
The Drake grabbed his sword-arm. Ilvriss cursed, striking him with a fist, but the scarred Drake just grabbed him and refused to let go.
“You—”
It wasn’t even an arm-breaking grip, just implacable. Ilvriss could not wrest his arm free! He bashed the other over the face, drew a dagger, and stabbed at him, and it bounced off the other Drake’s scales as the Skill deflected it—then Ilvriss began stabbing the arm. The Drake grunted, but did not let go.
And then his buddy tried to stab Ilvriss. One-handed, the Wall Lord fought back, striking with his other hand. He survived only because one of his rings activated and formed a barrier over his scales. He remembered the ruby ring on his sword-arm and twisted it—the other Drake just held on—and his scales were set ablaze.
Still, the [Lockdown Grappler] didn’t budge. Ilvriss kept the other one off him with [Flurry Strikes], burning his Skills away, and then felt a cut that went through his enchanted cloth armor and glanced off a rib. He stared at his death—a Level 21 [Rogue] with a single, low-grade, enchanted dagger—
