8.55 L
Page 20
Lyonette’s head turned. Her mouth opened, and so did Cire’s, because, finally, someone spoke the language. But it wasn’t one of Cire’s friends. The two finger-guns he’d somehow picked up, the hip-hopping talk came from Ser Sest. Cire blinked.
“Wow. You’re pretty up to date for a [Knight].”
Social chameleons. Rafaema edged away from Ser Sest in case it was catching, and Makhir rubbed his ears. Lyonette raised a hand.
“We don’t need food, Ser Sest, and I will not take a poison taste tester. We have ingredients? I’ll just make something.”
“Make something? Your Highness!”
Dame Ushar was scandalized. Everyone turned to see Lyonette march into the kitchens, open a pantry, and begin pulling out preserved foods.
“There’s quite enough food to make something simple for everyone. Um…”
Lyonette poked her head out of the kitchen, saw the Oteslian guards, Thronebearers, Ilvriss’ own group, and made a quick decision.
“A wrap.”
“A what? Your Highness, we can send for a [Chef]—we’ve been vetting them, but—”
“Dame Ushar, stand over there please. Be silent. Thank you.”
Lyonette began assembling ingredients. Oteslia had a multitude of plants, so even a casual pantry had a stronger variety than Liscor. A healthy, tasty wrap with—she could fry some meat, she supposed. Add a few dipping sauces, some snacks…the [Princess] realized Ushar looked horrified and glanced around.
“Cooking? I employ some servants. I could ask one of them to…”
Ilvriss watched Lyonette, but he was least-shocked of the rest. Rafaema was staring at Lyonette, Onieva looked amused, and even Cire was nonplussed. Lyonette looked at their clear surprise—and smiled.
Despite herself.
“Wall Lord Ilvriss. You know full well I worked at an inn. I may not be—be Erin, but I know my way around a meal. We’ll have wraps.”
“What’s a wrap?”
“It’s very simple. I just take this flatbread, wrap it around a meal. I think—chickpeas, beans, sliced tomatoes, other elements. We have chicken here, and we can dip it. It’s very tasty.”
She thought Imani had actually introduced it one time. It was the kind of thing Erin didn’t think of, but knew full well. Lyonette frowned at the bread on hand.
They could even make a basic dough and just put it on a pan without leavening it. She rolled up the sleeves of her dress as Dame Ushar looked appalled.
“Your Highness, please! We can do this. There is no need to—”
“Dame Ushar, I know how to cook. Excuse me? I’ll take requests. If anyone has an allergy, speak up. Hmm…Xif, you first. You liked meat-dishes, didn’t you, the last time you came to the inn? But I recall you liking parsley.”
The Gnoll glanced up in surprise, and lowered the healing potion he was using a dropper to put on his bruised eye.
“I do like the stuff. Lots of meat for me. Do you have pork?”
“Pork sausage and chicken, parsley, and…will you take beans?”
“Beans make me fart. Er, I mean, Your Highness—”
Xif floundered as Onieva collapsed with giggles. Cire started laughing too, until Rafaema kicked him. Lyonette coolly amended the order.
“Tomato, perhaps. Let me check sauces…can someone run to get us more sauces? Anything in the market. And something for the table.”
“I can do that. Some kind of snack? Silkap?”
Mirn got up. Lyonette nodded, smiling.
“Thank you. Now, Wall Lord?”
He blinked at her, but then shrugged.
“I hate chickpeas, but I will take something standard. Chicken over pork for me, but if there’s any beef…”
“I’ll grab some.”
