8.55 L
Page 35
Onieva ignored the surprise. She had something in her other hand. A minor artifact. It was called, in colloquial terms by adventurers, a Jar of Air. A catchall term for the equivalent of a bag of holding but for air. You could dive with it, survive poison—but there were variations.
For instance, this one didn’t just supply air, but emitted a whoosh of it when opened. A nice blast; more like a kids’ toy. Even most adventurers didn’t use it.
Onieva had a use. Which was to jab the jar of air into the first jar, breaking the wax seal. The air blasted out, hit the liquid, which shot through the funnel into the room and underwent a fast metamorphosis from liquid to gas as it left the contained environment.
She held the jar in place as she heard shouts, a scream—then grimaced.
“Damn!”
She kept the jar steady as she tried to block the other two holes made by the second crossbow bolt and ray with her other arm. It was cumbersome, but you didn’t want what was inside leaking out.
She heard coughing, cries of pain—someone discharged a crossbow again. Onieva waited, counting.
Ten seconds…twenty…thirty…a minute passed. She listened, and heard a rasping voice.
Someone was alive in there. Someone with a high-level poison resistance Skill. It was already neutralizing itself, and she heard coughing. A weak voice.
“Hey. H—”
A cough.
“I surrender. Let’s talk this out. Please. I surrender. You hear me?”
The [Alchemist] put both objects away in her bag of holding. She reached for her side. She’d bought a sword. Saliss was still low on potions. One minute…she kicked the door open and walked inside, not that the poison would have bothered her.
“You hear me?”
She didn’t answer. Outside, Shriekblade—or was it Tessa?—watched in silent admiration. That was exactly like how Saliss fought. Who was she?
 
——
 
The Earthtenders were under siege. A lab and safehouse vanished, and that was only the beginning. Two Faces were on a rampage.
Two Faces and a Wall Lord, but Ilvriss didn’t count. At first, he felt he should have, but he didn’t.
“You might want to stow that, sir. This is really not a good business for you.”
“I am as invested in Lyonette’s safety as you are, Mister Ratici.”
The Drake walked along, slowly removing his cap. He glanced meaningfully at a group loitering outside some kind of club building. They were agitated; their friends had just run in, talking about a bloodbath.
“Suit yourself, sir. But don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
Ilvriss frowned—and then saw Wilovan and Ratici accelerate. Hats off again. They were the most economical fighters he’d ever seen. No warmup—they went from calm to violence in seconds, and Ilvriss felt it jarring himself.
Still, he followed them in as they began fighting. He was no stranger to combat, at least. He swung a sword up, slashing at an opponent with a knife and was rewarded with a deep cut. Few of the Earthtenders had anything nearly as long as a shortsword, much less Ilvriss’ longsword. He was fighting, driving them back to their base, when someone screamed.
“Ancestors! Help! Help! Murder on the streets! Call the Watch!”
Ilvriss whirled. He saw a distant figure pointing, and Ratici cursed, breaking off from the door. Wilovan turned to Ilvriss.
“Away!”
The Wall Lord followed Ratici and Wilovan—and a number of young men—as someone blew a whistle, and the Watch on foot and a [Pegasus Rider] flew overhead towards the scene of the crime. Ilvriss stopped after two streets, panting, and thanking his stars he’d worn something less visible.
