8.55 L
Page 33
“Salazsar!”
Wilovan felt the kiss of metal. He jerked—and the figure slid off him. He threw an arm off, swung the club, and broke an arm. There was a scream—then more.
A Drake charged into the fight, sword drawn and slashing. He had only hesitated a moment then angled himself for the best entry—that was how fast it was. Ilvriss swung his sword, lopping off a sword-arm and then running his opponent through in the same motion. Ratici paused in his own dagger throw—not because of Ilvriss, but the others.
“Get them!”
The Earthtenders turned as dozens of young men charged from the sides into the melee. The [Rogues] began to retreat instantly. With more bodies in the fight, Wilovan and Ratici were no longer in danger—
“Run, run—”
This time, the Gentlemen Callers didn’t pursue. Wilovan grabbed a potion and downed it; Ratici tore needles out of his scales, cursing.
“Antidote?”
“Spell. Where’s…?”
Ilvriss turned just in time for Ratici to point at a fleeing Gnoll woman.
“Marked.”
Wilovan grunted. He looked around, saw a Gnoll struggling with another Earthtender, and charged over. The last Earthtender fell dead and Ilvriss and the others on the street stared at the Gentlemen Callers.
“Wall Lord Ilvriss.”
Wilovan recognized Ilvriss after a moment. The Wall Lord nodded, but he didn’t sheathe his sword. He appraised Wilovan; the Gnoll was panting. After a few gulps of air, his breathing slowed. He stared at Ilvriss—then abruptly reached for his side. He put on his cap, and his air of calm returned.
“Good of you to intervene, sir. But I hope you won’t make a habit of it. It’s a nasty business we’re about, I’m afraid. No hats.”
“I…can see that. What are you doing?”
“Best not said outright, sir.”
Wilovan returned. Ilvriss looked at him. He was under no illusions what had gone down in the safehouse; nor were the other young men in the gang. They stared at the Gentlemen Callers, wide-eyed.
Violence like he had never seen. In war? Yes, of course! But there was something else to this. This was no [Fireball] or area of attack spell hitting an enemy formation, or Oldblood Drakes exacting terrible deaths. The two Gentlemen Callers with club and daggers…
Ilvriss’ scales prickled, but Wilovan and Ratici just glanced at each other, then began walking on.
“Where are you going?”
“To find where they went. Rats fleeing a nest leave a trail if you know how to follow it. I’d say not follow, sir, but it’s a free city, or so I’m told. I can’t promise you won’t fall afoul of blade or Watch, though.”
Wilovan answered curtly. He and Ratici moved into a striding stroll as Ilvriss hesitated. Half the group who’d seen the bloodbath was done and just ran; they’d been swept into the fighting, but not to kill. The other half—stared at Ilvriss. The Wall Lord hesitated, then sheathed his sword and followed.
 
——
 
Cirediel had been following Onieva, mainly because Rafaema had been glaring daggers at her but refused to say why. For her part, the Drake had been having a grand time with genuinely no attention paid towards Rafaema—which stung the most.
The Dragon knew he should probably talk to Rafaema about what would happen next since Lyonette was a [Princess]. Did that mean there was a Dragon in Terandria? What should they do next?
He flew up a bit, frowning, and cast about. Left, right…now where had she gone? She was quick! That Mirn person had stayed behind, but Onieva was just a Drake. And, no offense, but Cire was a Dragon, not even an Oldblood Drake. He was fast, strong…
