8.55 L
Page 3
“Baking powder? It is, quite, Lady Magnolia…although, I am quite fine, thank you. Yes, I do know other nations’ customs. I believe I could pass fairly well in most Chandrarian courts, and I know Centaur, Lizardfolk, and Dullahan customs. Minos is more difficult—”
“Isn’t it, though?”
“—And Drath I could manage a single greeting.”
Magnolia Reinhart tapped her lips.
“You are fairly well-schooled. Some [Princesses] retain nothing at all, you know.”
Lyonette grimaced.
“I…lost much. But my [Tutors] and mother drilled it into me, and I’ve actually begun practicing some of my addresses. So they aren’t lost.”
“Self-practice! You have changed! Are you sure you’re not hungry? You’ve barely touched your cake.”
Lyonette looked at her generous, frosted slice.
“Ah…to that, Lady Magnolia? I must ask—do you eat only sweets and drink your tea? I have seen you eat no food that is not sugary.”
Magnolia paused, fork in her mouth. She thought about it as she chewed delicately.
“I eat a rather complete meal, Lyonette. Ressa, tell her.”
“She does not.”
The [Head Maid] informed Lyonette. The [Lady]’s brows snapped together.
“Ressa, you wound me. Just the other day, I had a delightful salad.”
“Yes. You did.”
“And my credit?”
Ressa looked over Magnolia’s head as she replied. Lyonette glanced around at the servants, one of whom would now and then pass by, sweeping, carrying something on an urgent task, re-arming a trap…
“I will give you credit for healthy eating if you can last a day without something sugary in at least one meal. It was a fruit salad.”
“You see? Tyranny. But excellent help. Which is something you may need to cultivate, along with the many problems now facing you…”
Magnolia sighed delicately, but motioned to Ressa.
“Please bring Miss Marquin something more savory and allegedly ‘healthy’, Ressa. I could eat cake every day of the year.”
“You have been, almost.”
Lyonette watched the interplay. Ressa did not move herself, but briefly spoke into the speaking stone she held. Magnolia Reinhart took another bite of cake before going on.
“…And so, I gather your Thronebearers have orders to bring you to Calanfer. Was that the conversation, Ressa, or something else? And I shall be very surprised if they received anything like nuance from His Majesty, Reclis. Ielane is more subtle, but neither likes playing abroad.”
Lyonette blinked. Magnolia casually mentioned her father, King Reclis du Marquin, and Queen Ielane in the same moment as—Ressa glanced up as a [Maid] strode over with a small selection of vegetable cuts and a dip that Lyonette smiled at.
“Exactly so, Lady Reinhart.”
“You listened in on the Thronebearers?”
“They did make the mistake of requesting a room here. I suppose they thought, correctly, that the odds of it being warded were low.”
“Yes, but…how?”
Lyonette was impressed and a bit appalled. Thronebearers were nigh impossible to spy on, and they were quite good at being bodyguards. Ressa smirked in a self-satisfied manner.
“They’re good. No listening Skills, no magic, of course, no observers, even at remote distance, no lip-reading or standing near windows, and I’m fairly certain they deployed two eavesdropping counter-Skills.”
“And you heard them?”
Ressa nodded. She didn’t elaborate how—Lyonette shot Magnolia Reinhart a quick glance. The lady tapped her lips.
“Hm…I don’t think counterintelligence is something to teach, but do tell Miss Lyonette or she’ll die of impatience, Ressa. We must get to the meat of the conversation soon.”
Ressa sighed and shot Magnolia a glare, but turned and bowed slightly to Lyonette.
