8.55 L
Page 15
For that matter, the shirt itself was inspired by a previous encounter the [Tailor] who owned the shop had once had in her brilliant youth. There was a legend among clothes boutiques of a certain [Sinew Magus], who had once walked in, and, by the simple virtue of flexing, exploded a number of tight-fitting apparel. Which, while a sacrilege to ruin good cloth, had a certain kind of appeal to anyone who loved to see it happen.
Wilovan was not quite that muscular, but he approved the shirt and found himself replacing everything but his hat, which he refused to change despite the rest of his garments becoming as fine as could be.
The price tag made even Ratici wince, but Wilovan paid it with a straight face and put down money for the tuxedo. After all—
This was his armor. And a Skill that let a Brother of Serendipitous Meetings take cuts against his clothing? He strolled out of the tailor’s in enchanted plate armor. Then he nodded to Ratici.
“I think we’re ready, don’t you?”
The [Thief] smiled.
“Let’s scope out a few places first. Miss Marquin will be back by lunch, or so I heard. Plenty of time.”
They began to amble into the city. Fine dress, fine food, fine things to look forward to. Nothing better. Everyone else they ran into might have a really bad day, mind you.
 
——
 
Things were going a bit wrong. It was all going well.
Then Ilvriss hit the ground, three of Oteslia’s elite guard on top of him. Cirediel backed up, a scratch on his arm.
“It’s just a scratch! Ow, that’s totally—ow.”
The Wall Lord wheezed. He felt like he’d cracked a rib. It was just a cut—Cirediel was strong and quick, but he clearly had lied about keeping up with practice. Also?
Oteslia was far too overprotective of Cire.
“I am so sorry, Wall Lord, but I cannot imagine the First Gardener would approve of any harm to Cirediel.”
“I can keep practicing! I’m no lamb! Come on! I’ve got it!”
“Perhaps with less lethal weapons?”
Ilvriss had been using plain metal blades. He looked at the [Pegasus Rider].
“I am quite able to control myself, officer…”
“Of course, Wall Lord. But for the First Gardener’s peace of mind?”
“Very well. I suppose I could use a practice blade. Cirediel could use…”
“Just in case, Wall Lord, perhaps practice blades for both of you?”
Ilvriss gave the Drake officer such a look that anyone of his rank would have recoiled. Amazingly though, the [Officer] never blinked. Ilvriss did.
Ancestors. No wonder Cirediel resented a bodyguard, however necessary. Ilvriss turned to Cire and saw the young Drake was…not protesting the shackles on his freedoms, but chatting up Captain Osthia. She gave him a long look as he asked if she wanted to go flying after this. Ilvriss rubbed at his face and gave up.
 
——
 
The problem was exactly opposite for Magnolia Reinhart and Lyonette du Marquin. The [Princess] was a good listener, motivated, attentive, and intelligent. Moreover, she had a grounding in politics that any [Lady] would envy. The problem was…Lyonette smiled over a cup at Magnolia and received a charming smile in return.
They just didn’t see eye-to-eye. Like the last time they’d spoken and Lyonette had charged Magnolia with not doing enough…
“I quite understand, Magnolia. And—thank you for explaining my Skill. To me.”
“Only the nuances of it, Miss Lyonette. I know you are entirely intelligent, but there are things even a [Princess] would miss without anyone to inform her of the particulars.”
This was true and Lyonette flushed a bit, but she studied her feet before replying.
