8.55 L
Page 17
“Can’t it? I stayed at an inn, Lady Reinhart, whose entire way of life ran opposite to what you espouse. When she called for help, Erin Solstice, it came, from her friends, from people who came and gave everything they could. Every time. That—to me—is far better than a network of fairweather friends and enemies.”
Magnolia Reinhart pursed her lips as Ressa glanced at her. She sat there, then put her cup down and stood with a long sigh.
“…It is a beautiful idea. Yet—Lyonette. The problem with that glorious dream is that the brave and good people you call on? They will not last to old age. They will die there, because they come whenever they are called. Far better to have wider acquaintances and let them bleed in the face of those you love. You are not wrong, but be very careful, especially should you return home. Honesty that breaks from every mold is dangerous. [Princesses] have suffered for it. Calanfer is no stranger to stepping on those that rise the wrong way, any more than Izril.”
Lyonette frowned. Her brows snapped together.
“Do you mean it has happened…? Wait, who? Shardele? It can’t be—M-Menisi? Seraphel? which…?”
Magnolia’s face was colorful. She had clearly not meant to let that slip. She lifted a hand.
“That—is a conversation for later, and a delicate one, Miss Marquin. Perhaps we shall let it lie until later?”
Lyonette couldn’t force her, so she rose and curtsied quite elegantly. Magnolia Reinhart thanked her, smiling, and Lyonette nodded.
“I do so appreciate your help, Lady Reinhart.”
“I hope it can be of some small use, Lyonette. Tomorrow then? Say, brunch?”
“Absolutely.”
The two women smiled at each other. Lyonette had the distinct impression Magnolia somewhat disliked her, and she knew that Magnolia knew the exact same feeling in her.
It was a relief, all things considered, to let the Thronebearers escort her back to Mivifa’s estates where everyone else was. Mind you, it was still different.
“Your carriage, milady? Permit us one moment.”
Dame Ushar stopped Lyonette as Ser Sest and Dalimont searched it. A small crowd watched Lyonette as she walked towards it and a little stair was lowered so she could avoid making a big step into the carriage. Ser Lormel held the door open.
Dame Ushar held a parasol over Lyonette’s head to protect her from the terrible sunlight. Lyonette’s bright smile which she had given Magnolia turned up a notch.
Yes, this was familiar.
“I do apologize, Your Highness.”
Dalimont sat in the coach itself, a security precaution. Lyonette deliberately looked out the window…just in time to see the curtains close. She glared at Dame Ushar, who gave her an apologetic look.
“Back to the estate, Your Highness?”
“Yes. You needn’t coddle me, Ser Lormel. Nor am I some wilting flower, Ser Dalimont.”
“It never crossed my mind, Your Highness. But we must insist on doing our jobs.”
“Protecting me from sunlight?”
Dalimont paused. He glanced towards the driver’s seat. Lormel had hired a [Driver] and Ser Sest rode next to her. Ushar and Lormel were mounted and riding with them.
“…From arrows, Your Highness. It is an enchanted umbrella. Do you have your tiara? It may be wise to wear it at all times. I note you have your Ring of Conflagration on—may I ask if you intend to use your Cloak of Balshadow or have it on you at any given moment?”
Lyonette blinked. She looked at Dalimont and half-reached for her bag of holding.
“I—the tiara is quite too flagrant, Ser Dalimont.”
