8.55 L
Page 52
“No, no. What I need is…help. My daughter is in the Meeting of Tribes. She is in danger. Idiotic Drake armies are attacking there. I need—I must claim her and get her to safety. I cannot do it alone. I need to protect her and get to her. Both things I cannot do, trapped here. But…”
Lyonette looked at Cire. Cirediel, who was beloved and protected by no less than Mivifa of Feathers, Named-rank Adventurer.
With a flying pegasus. And Rafaema, who thought of the surprisingly capable [Infiltrator] of Manus. Ferris.
The two sides looked at each other. Lyonette took a deep breath.
“I could help you both. Find whoever you’re looking for. Track them down, perhaps. If you helped me. I would keep your secret and tell no one, if you swore to help me by the same oath. By Calanfer, the Eternal Throne, House Marquin, and my daughter Mrsha, I objure you to aid me as I keep your secrets, and render you all aid I can to locate the one you seek. In return, you must help me reach and protect my daughter at the Meeting of Tribes.”
She blinked. Something was tracing itself on the back of her hand. It looked like…Calanfer’s sigil. A glowing tattoo of light, radiating outwards and forming a longer design up her arm. Rafaema eyed it.
A Royal Skill. She was uncertain.
“Help you find your daughter. Find and protect her. What are we swearing by?”
Lyonette looked at the two. Magnolia Reinhart had so many deals. Lyonette cared little for them, with people she could not trust. Someone you could trust? Who would be there?
That. That was everything. So she smiled, not entirely carefree, but relaxed. She offered the hand to the two.
“You will help me get my daughter back. Or die trying. And if she dies first, so will we. I shall perish before I reveal your secret.”
The sigil was tracing itself up her arm. The two Dragons hesitated, staring at that clear, blue gaze. Rafaema’s claw twitched. Yet that pact. She saw Lyonette, desperate, smiling, and couldn’t take her hand. She lowered her claw, and turned away.
Cirediel of Oteslia reached out and took Lyonette’s hand. Rafaema spun back. She saw the light trace up his arm and he yelped, but he didn’t let go.
“Cire!”
He looked at her, trying to grin.
“Let’s find the last of us together, Rafaema. And if we don’t save Lyonette’s kid—you can find them. How’s that?”
The [Princess]’ eyes opened wide. The light grew, and she looked at him.
“Who…are you?”
She was leveling. Cire grinned, and whispered in her ear.
“A Dragon.”
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I had to cut a tiny bit. And I am tired…but we got it done.
We always get it done. And be ‘we’, I mean, ‘me’. But I hope you enjoy being along for the ride.
I tire. It will be a long month. We are only two chapters in and we cannot sustain this energy, especially if I push hard early.
But that’s why we do these things! I push for quality and if I need to break or take rest, I do. Better that than coast. You put mugs on coasters. Let’s not be mugs, people.
I’m a bit loopy, so I will rest and eat. Hope you enjoyed the chapter, and see you next time! This was your side story vote by I think literally 4 people. Do you think it was worth it? Let me know and thanks for reading!
 
Dancing under moonlight, Reunions, sewer Pisces and more by LeChatDemon!
DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/demoniccriminal
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/lechatdemon
Stash with all the TWI related art: https://sta.sh/222s6jxhlt0
 
                                                                        
 
‘Yandere’ Gazi by pkay!
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/peekay

 
