8.55 L
Page 48
“I can’t say. Look, Rickel, whatever you’re trying to do, I’m an Earthtender. You have no idea how dangerous Poruniv is.”
Ecleeif turned away. Rickel called out.
“He’s only dangerous until he starts losing power, Ecleeif. And there’s a [Princess], two top Faces, and Magnolia Reinhart on the other side. And me. What if I told you it was a safer bet not to go and get killed?”
The [Sorcerer] turned. He saw Rickel produce something, swear, and drop it.
“I nearly broke my hand! That’s heavy!”
A thunk. It should have been a clink, but that much metal in one place was more like a solid object. Rickel had pulled something out of his bag of holding. Ecleeif stared at it. He approached, opened it, then closed it fast and stared up at Rickel.
“Where did you get that? You’re not that rich! Did those two give you…?”
He stared down at the huge, simple bag filled with…gold coins. Ecleeif’s tail began to wag, but then he wondered why Rickel had pulled it out. The young man squatted down.
“Believe it or not, that’s not even a thousand gold coins. You can’t even lug around a thousand gold coins. My bag of holding feels lighter. Whew!”
He wiped his brow. Ecleeif eyed it. That was a lot of weight to just…Rickel grinned at him.
“So. What if we said…six thousand gold coins. All together. You never show up. I know there are independent safe houses; I even have a few rented.”
“Six thousand…?”
“To begin with. I know you earn a lot. How about earning more? And if you can find people who think the same way—”
Rickel squatted there. Ecleeif stared at him. The [Sorcerer]’s lips moved.
“What’s stopping me from blasting you and taking the rest?”
Rickel laughed.
“Ecleeif! What kind of an idiot would I be if I didn’t have plans for that? And I can’t carry how much money I have. Stick with me, Ecleeif, and let’s not do dangerous things. How about it?”
He held out a hand, grinning. The [Sorcerer] stared at the bag of gold, and Rickel.
“Who…you’re not a [Gambler], are you? Who are you?”
The young man winked at him.
“I don’t gamble about important things. Call me Mr. Opportunity. I see it, I go. I think it’s time to play for keeps, don’t you?”
He waited. Slowly, Ecleeif made up his mind. The [Sorcerer] reached out and took Rickel’s hand, and the young man beamed. The two stood up as Ecleeif levitated the bag of gold up. He was still uncertain.
“You think we can actually take out Earthtenders, Rickel? Or replace Poruniv?”
The young man walked forwards. He turned to Ecleeif and spread his arms.
“Ecleeif, I can do anything.”
He stood there, radiating confidence. The gold he promised Ecleeif was there. No [Gambler], not Rickel, if that was even his real name. He was on the trail of something huge, and coffee was the sideshow act compared to this. It was going to be tough, but the Gentlemen Callers and Lyonette had an ace in the hole, and Rickel didn’t gamble.
He was an orchestrator, a planner, a trickster. He had been a [Con Man]. But that was before the Golden Triangle. If he had to buy the Earthtenders? Earth’s [Trickster of Fortunes] grinned. Time to make a play for his side.
 
——
 
Two children held hands.
Weren’t they all children, in the end? Did they ever grow up?
Yes. There was a day when you were probably older. It had nothing to do with age. Age was just the correlation, not the causation.
Older was something else. It was in a smile or a sigh. It was in what you did—or how you had lived. A little girl could be older than an elderly man in some ways.
