8.55 L
Page 29
The Gnoll with the top hat looked disapprovingly at the blood on the other’s fur. He looked at the other fellow who was collapsing over—and the Drake stepped forwards and caught him. He transferred the fighter to his friends, and suddenly the larger gang—nicknamed Furfangs, perhaps unwisely—eyed the unexpected intruders.
They were strangely calm for a duo that looked like easy…Wilovan smiled, and his tight-fitting shirt flexed—somewhat easy targets. There were only two, and the Furfangs alone numbered nearly thirty.
“You, sir, seem to have been winning quite a lot.”
The [Bruiser] grunted as Wilovan addressed him. He’d beaten down six people in a row. Wilovan looked at them—some were back up thanks to low-grade healing potions, but the other gang was on the wrong foot.
“Enough’s enough. When a fellow’s winning, he doesn’t need to push it. Mercy, as it were, is a fine thing when it’s all lighthearted.”
“I don’t need to hear that from some rich…get lost unless you want to be next.”
Wilovan raised his brows.
“If you insist, sir. But I warn you, that would be a mistake.”
The Furfangs hesitated. Their competitors, who were sometimes their friends until today, Streetrage, also watched Wilovan. The [Bruiser] eyed Wilovan and hesitated.
Wilovan was as tall as he was and despite being older…he had a sudden sinking feeling that wasn’t [Dangersense] but pure street intuition. He looked around and spotted Ratici, strolling back to square up with Wilovan. The far-shorter and slimmer Drake blinked once as the [Bruiser] pointed at him.
“Ah, and what about him? One’s all muscle? I’ll take him on.”
He blustered. Ratici and Wilovan exchanged a look. The Drake shrugged. Wilovan nodded.
“Just as you like, sir. Fair rules? Fists only? No knives, no low blows?”
Now it was a circus. Even the badly-beaten Gnoll who came to stared blearily as Ratici rolled up his sleeves, adjusted his vest, and squared up with a Gnoll a foot taller and arguably at least fifty…maybe it was a hundred pounds difference. The [Bruiser] raised his fists.
“Go ahead and dodge as long as you can.”
Ratici glanced at Wilovan. The [Gentleman Thug] was tapping an hourglass he’d pulled out of his vest. Ratici nodded. He turned to the younger Gnoll and smiled purely politely.
“I don’t think I need to, sir.”
“On your marks…now!”
The first punch the [Bruiser] threw was a [Heavyweight Punch] that was far faster than anyone who saw him usually credited. It had put a [Guardsman] down with a single punch. Ratici saw it coming—
And punched the Gnoll in the stomach. Which was a perfectly above-belt blow under the rules described, a textbook punch to the gut. It had all of Ratici’s weight and muscle behind it.
It did not exactly throw the Gnoll down. He grunted in pain mid-punch and would have clocked Ratici across the street if that were it. Until he felt three more punches land in the span of a heartbeat.
He never connected with Ratici. His arm jerked and the [Bruiser] staggered back. The jeering Furfangs and Streetrage gangs stared as Ratici hit the [Bruiser] with an uppercut to the solar plexus, then watched as his opponent staggered back, clutching at his gut.
“What was—fucking Skill?”
“Ready, sir?”
Ratici saw the [Bruiser] look up, a bit of spittle hanging from his mouth. The younger Gnoll realized he’d made a mistake. Wilovan was huge, strong as an elephant, and an expert in fighting. But he traded punches. Ratici was too fast to trade; he gave you everything first.
[Tough’s Duel]! [It Hurts Less]! [Hook Punch]!
