8.55 L
Page 44
“That is exactly why I will not. I know something. Manus does. If you are unwise enough to bring it to your Dragonspeaker, I trust it will be just her and we shall understand we both have much to lose. Her arguably more than I. I will advise you to go with your Hunt Commander, Rafaema.”
Magnolia waved as the Gnoll advanced. She looked at Rafaema. The Lightning Dragon sat there, vibrating with—Magnolia Reinhart murmured.
“It won’t be forever, Rafaema. Wait until you are an adult and I will make a provision to tell you. He will be there, waiting.”
Rafaema stared at her. The [Lady] rose to greet Makhir. She looked at Rafaema again.
“Either that—or prove to me that when you find him, it will not be Rafaema of Manus, but Rafaema alone. That is my promise.”
 
——
 
Grow up. Grow up, but it was so difficult. How were you supposed to do that, exactly? Most people were lucky. All they had to do was grow older.
“Cire! There you are!”
The Earth Dragon looked up. Mivifa, the Oldblood of Feathers, dove out of the sky with Feathi, her pegasus. Unlike normally, she wasn’t ‘Mivi’, but the Named Adventurer.
She looked old. She hesitated, but she called down to Cire.
“It’s been nearly eight hours! Oteslia’s in a panic! The First Gardener thought you’d flown over the walls and Zeres got you—where have you been?”
She’d found Cire on the ground, walking the streets of Oteslia. It was amazing she’d found him, really. He’d tossed his tracking spells, and in a city of millions, it was nigh impossible to find Cire, even with all the people in-the-know searching for him.
Especially since he wasn’t at any one of his customary hangouts, not even the place where he had hatched. Cirediel had his hands in his pockets. Mivifa swooped lower.
“I—I’ll call the Watch. Wait here.”
“So you’re not going to hang out anymore, huh?”
Mivifa stopped. Her wings were feathered. Feathers. Not snow-white, but a subtler blonde-grey, bordering silver with speckled dots, like Feathi’s own hide.
“I…”
She floated downwards. Cire stared up at her. How had she…? They must have used a substitute when he met ‘Mivifa’.
This was right. This was who Mivi was. Named Adventurer. Now he looked at her, he felt stupid. Of course she wore makeup. He felt like a fool and turned away.
“Get lost, Mivi. You found me. Congratulations. I’m not dead—you can get someone and go back to doing important things instead of having to follow me around. It must’ve really sucked, huh? Listening to me, having to pretend to be Silver-rank. Mom’s got a Named Adventurer to guard me because I’m that good at Crelering things up, huh?”
“It’s not like that at all, Cire. You don’t Creler much—it’s just—”
He spun back, shouting.
“Don’t pretend, Mivifa! You—how many of them are there? Do I have any friends?”
Cire had tears in his eyes, which he hated. He wiped at them, and furiously swung at her, but it went wide. Mivifa watched him, anguished.
“Cire—I wanted to be your friend. I was. All the time, growing up. I just…”
Her lips moved. Cire was preparing to run away from her, when Mivifa whispered.
“I got old, Cire. I tried, but I couldn’t stay young forever.”
He looked back at her and saw she had grown up. She had always been…he remembered a short Drake girl, running about. Then she got taller, but slowly. Slowly. Then he realized she was grown and then…
“How old are you?”
She looked at him. And Cire realized he didn’t want to know. He was the boy who was young forever. He shook his head.
“Don’t—don’t tell me. I—”
