8.55 L
Page 51
“Mine are like that, Princess Lyonette. But they involve more than just me.”
Rafaema looked at Cire and Lyonette. She seemed tired and old in her own way.
“I cannot give them lightly.”
“I know that.”
Lyonette studied her, then Cire. Then she had an idea.
“We can do nothing without trust, though. Am I right in thinking that you two are more than you look? [Hunt Commander] Makhir seems to guard you, Rafaema, and I have seen no less than Mivifa, a Named-Rank adventurer, protecting you, Cire. This—this involves your Walled Cities. Doesn’t it?”
The two Dragons glanced uneasily at each other. This young woman was a bit too smart. This was exactly what they had been taught to fear. Yet Lyonette looked to them, then went to a drawer for something she had just been gifted. She sorted through it, pulling out a stick of something. Wax? She unveiled a scroll, and then turned to them.
“I…think there’s a simple way to go around the problem. If you don’t mind making a deal.”
“A deal?”
Rafaema stared warily at the scroll Lyonette offered. The [Princess] shook it out.
“We could write something more official. But since you do know I am a [Princess], I have a Skill. [Royal Contract]. I am assured it is as powerful as my class, but we could use magic and binding as well.”
“To swear…what?”
“Secrecy. Whatever you want to keep secret, swear me to secrecy. We can bind it with magic and Skills—that is the very foundation of trust. To some people’s minds.”
Little pacts and connections. But Lyonette did not want a little pact or connection. No deal about trade amnesties and so on. Lyonette took a deep breath.
“Tell me what you want and who you’re looking for. Someone like you? If it is a guest—I know all the important ones. I was there in the inn—I surely would know their faces.”
Rafaema licked her lips. Someone who both Magnolia Reinhart and Lyonette knew.
“Tell me.”
The [Princess] urged them. Her eyes flickered as she looked from one to the other. She couldn’t imagine what it was, but the way they jumped at the mention of other species was distinctly…Fierre-ish. Yet they weren’t Vampires; she was almost certain since she’d seen Cire positively bathing in sunlight.
Nor Goblins. Not enough poking. Her eyes narrowed. What else did that leave? Drakes. Guarded by two very powerful cities…
With very powerful, anxious bodyguards…
…Drakes who had Oldblood wings and scales…
Somehow connected to The Wandering Inn. Someone she had met.
Or someone else had met? Lyonette recalled a rumor. One of the most outlandish ones, and that went hand-in-hand with the [Innkeeper] who could spit blood and slew armies with frying pans and acid.
But then, that [Innkeeper] herself kept bringing it up, no matter how people laughed at her. Which was one thing. She wasn’t exactly the most reliable source.
Klbkch the Slayer now…
A Christmas party. Lyonette du Marquin stared at the eyes. The eyes…which were somehow familiar. Not in color, but the way they didn’t match. That was a rare, rare thing, even in this world.
Her own eyes widened. Her brain—no. It refused the answer. Cire and Rafaema looked at each other. Rafaema spoke, slowly.
“If we tell you, Princess Lyonette. I would have you swear never to reveal it, in a way that cannot be broken. I would have you find…the person we are looking for. We would be beyond grateful.”
“No, that’s not enough.”
Rafaema and Cire looked at Lyonette. Not again. The [Princess] was rising. She turned her head from one to the other.
“I need something.”
“We can’t give you anything. Money? A few artifacts, maybe—”
