8.55 L
Page 19
“You mean Raef got you and you rolled down the hill, hit a handrail—and what happened to the glass? It broke all over you? That’s a totally Archmage wipeout. I wish I saw it!”
Rafaema glared at Cire. He pretended not to notice, saw Lyonette, and bounded over.
“Lyonette! I mean, Princess Lyonette. Hey—”
Dame Ushar nearly checked him with an arm. Cire recoiled and Oteslia’s [Pegasus Riders] stiffened. Dame Ushar bowed to Cire, and the guards.
“I beg your pardon, Lord Cirediel, but Her Highness is in imminent danger. I hope you understand.”
“Dame Ushar, please. Cirediel is a friend.”
The Drake brightened up as Lyonette brushed past Ushar. He swiped at his neck spines, grinning at her and looking her over.
“I knew you were important the moment I met you. I said that, didn’t I, Raef? You know Rafaema, right Lyonette?”
The nickname was…familiar. Lyonette frowned and Rafaema broke away from apologizing to glare at Cire.
“I believe we met. At Lady Reinhart’s party. Excuse me, Your Highness.”
She bowed quite politely, and Lyonette nodded. What a group. Ilvriss was studying Rafaema and Cire casually from the side, but nodded to her.
“Miss Marquin. How are you today?”
“Quite well, Ilvriss. Thank you.”
“You know…?”
Cire eyed Lyonette, Ilvriss, then the plain copper ring on her finger. Lyonette crossed her arms to hide it and smiled. Ilvriss ignored the look every person in the room gave him. Then he hesitated, stood there, looked around, and…
Wilovan and Ratici were standing far clear of all the bodyguards, but they’d dropped by for lunch—and to see if Lyonette needed anything. She was clearly busy, so they were debating stepping out.
In the same vein, Ilvriss wanted to speak to Lyonette, privately, about Magnolia or other issues. Rafaema would have dearly loved to speak to Lyonette candidly were it not for the danger, or talk to Cire about things they could not bring up here. Presumably, Onieva just wanted lunch.
The awkward silence was broken by Cire turning to Wilovan, recognizing him, and pointing.
“You’re that Gnoll with the club! That was totally Archmage. You beat, like, fifty people down!”
Wilovan started as everyone turned to look at him. He touched his hat.
“Er, thank you, sir. Just doing a bit of fighting as it needed to be done.”
He smiled unconvincingly, and it didn’t escape anyone’s notice that Ser Sest and the Oteslian Watch were both in between their charges and Wilovan. Lyonette glanced at Wilovan, deliberately pushed past Ser Sest, and clapped her hands.
“There are a number of people I know and am acquainted with. Why don’t we have lunch? Do we have any food…?”
“I bought pancakes, but I didn’t know if we were eating here. Sorry. We do have food in the pantries.”
Mirn raised a claw and tried to hide something behind his back. Everyone stared at the sandwich he’d made. Xif rubbed at his forehead.
“I could eat something. Perhaps a restaurant?”
“We can reserve one privately, Your Highness. In, say, thirty minutes?”
Ser Lormel vouched at once. Cire made a face.
“Thirty minutes? Why do we have to monk around that long? I can find us a spot at a pub I know in three minutes from here.”
“I believe they mean securely, Cire. To prevent attacks?”
Rafaema coughed, nodding at the Thronebearers. Cire frowned.
“That’s so…”
“It’s only monking about to no purpose, Cire. It’s more wave-surfin’ to hop over to a restaurant and pull an order. Sometimes the food might be Crelered over, but we can check. Know of any football places nearby where we can order for a group?”
