8.55 L
Page 40
Yet she could handle it all. Gangs and scandal and intrigue, because it was not the first time Magnolia Reinhart had been here. Cruel as it might be to say, not all of it was her true affair, and if she failed…
She could balance it all, do it all. Because there was a truth that Magnolia Reinhart knew in her heart of hearts.
In the end, come triumph or tragedy, she would do her best. She would do all she could to leave this world better, to build that which lasted.
In the end, she would die. But that would not be the end. While her name was yet spoken or even remembered, she would live. And…he would live.
This was the truth of the world. A foundation.
It shook. Ryoka Griffin had told Magnolia Reinhart to…she listened. The voice was incredibly clear; as if he stood in the room with her. Ressa was frozen. Implaccable Ressa…
“My dear girl, you were right. Don’t rub it in; we don’t have time for it. You were right. I have been abed, metaphorically speaking, far too long. I blame the condition of my people.”
His people. Magnolia whispered.
“Indeed?”
“Half-Elves and their patterns. You know, the Archmage of Izril was in the exact same predicament. That is the fundamental quality of—of those seeking the core of magic, I suspect. Well, enough. Wistram is ashambles. There is no time, but I am preparing it for the future. As for Ryoka…leave her to me.”
He sounded right. In intonation, in some aspects, and completely the stranger. Magnolia held the stone away from her ear.
“Old man?”
He chuckled. Fondly. He remembered that. He remembered everything.
“Such a girl, even now. I will see you soon, Magnolia. Just trust in your old mentor. Tell that ghost to watch himself. We have been quiet too long—no, I have. Even my lifespan is not infinite. We have this one chance. So…so wait. Don’t get caught up in the Drakes’ damned pettiness. I have had enough of it with Zelkyr—but I will see you sooner if need be. For now? Watch the news, dear girl.”
He ended the call. Magnolia lowered the stone, sat down, and nearly fell over. Ressa reached out and poured herself a cup of tea. She took a deep drink, looked at the cup, and muttered.
“Someone get me a cup of wine or something. That wasn’t him.”
“No. Ressa. Did you hear him talk about—”
Magnolia Reinhart was as white as a sheet, but she collected herself and began counting.
“His lifespan? He never plays coy about being—never. You know that. He wouldn’t even suggest it. As for the Drakes—he knows them. Everything he is doing. What happened?”
Ressa paced around—then went to sit where Lyonette had been. It had been a longer conversation, but she was used to standing forever. Right now? She put her head back as someone ran a wine bottle over.
“Something’s wrong for certain. Magic. He’s said things can take even him out.”
“Then we must check on him.”
“Yes? I can do it. Drop me off at Liscor or Celum and I’ll head there myself.”
Ressa sat up, inhaling hard. Magnolia hesitated.
“He warned us he trapped his ‘laboratory’. That’s still him, Ressa.”
“I know. Who else could you send, though? I have a shot.”
“Not one in a thousand. Not if he truly prepared any spells.”
Ressa nodded.
“…But this is beyond dangerous. If he’s truly arming Wistram with what he knows? Either he’s gone mad or his mind—”
“Do not continue that thought. That is an order.”
Magnolia Reinhart saw her [Maid] raise her head to snap, but Ressa hesitated. Magnolia sat there. She could suffer the skies opening up and flooding everything, but she hadn’t been ready for the ground to vanish beneath her feet.
