8.55 L
Page 32
A figure rammed into the closing door, throwing three bodies back. A huge Gnoll in an expensive suit, with a plain, wooden club in hand. Huge. With a face like—
He brought the club down and the [Marauder] stopped thinking forever. The wet thud and snap of a neck echoed in the room. The [Thug] pivoted and slammed the club left. Then he shoulder-rushed another Drake into the table and raised the club again.
There was no art there. It rose and fell. Behind him, a Drake with the fake scar now peeled off leapt into the room. He threw a dagger straight into an open mouth, then his two claws were moving. All he did was stab, so fast that a slow-moving arm failed to block it. Neck, side—
“Help! Help! We’re—”
That was the only thing that came through the speaking stone. It went dead a second later, the other end smashed.
A Gnoll stood in a room amid bodies and people. The people kept vanishing, the bodies kept growing as they touched the floor. He turned, dodging a jet of fire shot from a wand. A Drake leapt into the wand-holder, daggers stabbing, and there was one less person in the world. The Gnoll brought down a club through a guard.
Someone tried to run him through the back, but they cut only cloth. A slash against his coat. He turned, and the club came back.
Never did they say a word. Nor did their opponents. They fought in near-silence. A scream, a cry. A shout of rage…
Growing silent. You could hear them, then. And the rest were trying to get out the door, fleeing. They didn’t waste time begging. The Gnoll’s club rose and fell and as the silence grew, it was a bit louder.
He was humming. A nursery rhyme.
It took fifteen minutes. Not for the fighting, but for the aftermath. The Drake policed bodies, checking them not so much for coin but clues, artifacts—the Gnoll calmly poured something on the walls, smashed the other artifacts he didn’t decide to pocket. Blood hung in the air, so he dabbed a scent-killer on his fur as the Drake did likewise. Then he reached for something.
“Curio. Let me.”
Ratici backed up. Wilovan concentrated, lifted a small piece of wood—and struck a match. It lit satisfactorily, and he tossed it on the alchemist’s oil. The two watched the flames catch across the far wall. Then—Ratici closed the door, leaving only a crack for air.
They walked into the street, blood on their clothing, into a second fight. The backup skidded to a halt as Ratici and Wilovan looked at them. The Gentlemen Callers took a breath.
“You—”
The Earthtenders were not prepared for the Gnoll to charge. This was not an ambush; there were thirty on the street, experienced members of the gang. But they were not prepared. This was a gang from the north and they did things a different way.
When the hats came off, everyone died. Everyone. Brothers and foes. That was why the hats never, ever came off. Even the biggest Oteslian gang had never seen the—
Madness.
Two men fought to the death in a nowhere street. Two versus thirty, and it was a deadly fight for them despite their levels. They could have run. They did not run.
That magnificent shirt was in tatters. The Gnoll was in the thick of it and he began to bleed. The Drake tore an arrow out of the air, but took a splintering hail of needles that embedded themselves in his scales. He said not a word but threw a dagger back. Now, he was humming…
Someone was bearing Wilovan down. A [Rogue] had grabbed onto his back and was stabbing. The first two daggers struck cloth—the rest flesh. He tried to throw the figure off, but more were clinging to his arms to halt that lethal club. The dagger went for his neck—
