8.55 L
Page 8
“He is an excellent teacher—one of the few [Berserkers] who can control his rage perfectly. I thought…”
“I wish I could learn. I’ll—I’ll take those lessons, Makhir.”
She had to work harder. Harder still. Rafaema bent down suddenly as Ferris stirred.
“Wall Lady?”
He muttered up at her through puffed lips. Makhir bent down too.
“Report, Ferris. How are you doing?”
“I’m swollen up. What’s…is everyone well? What’s the situation?”
That was Ferris. Too loyal. Too competent. Makhir assured him all was well, and Rafaema opened and closed her mouth.
I’m sorry. I’ll behave. Ferris touched at his puffy face and looked at the flowers placed around him. He groaned.
“Rafaema, I’m touched by the flowers and concern. I don’t blame you at all. It’s just—I am grateful. But I’m allergic to marigolds.”
Rafaema and Makhir stared at the flowers, puffy and vibrantly yellow, not quite in their full orange bloom. The Lightning Dragon slowly moved the flowers away from Ferris. Do you see? Do you see how I hurt my people with every move I make?
How would she ever lead her people? Woe! Woe and failure and marigolds! Rafaema tossed them out the window and heard a scream and a crash of breaking glass. She covered her face.
 
——
 
Children were allowed to make mistakes. Well, actually, no, they weren’t. There were plenty of mistakes even a child got to make only once. Like walking in front of a wagon. Adults did their best, but they could not save children from everything.
It shouldn’t be that way. No one liked to think of it. Sometimes—you saw too much. So he drew a distinction. A line in the sand.
Lyonette was still in the land of children. It didn’t matter that she was past her majority, as every species but half-Elves counted it, and she had gone through quite a lot. There was a difference.
Saliss of Lights had seen everything. Yet, as he calmly regarded the vial sitting on the table in front of him, he had to admit it.
“This is a joke I haven’t seen before. This—this is old stuff. Erin Solstice got these flowers from the grave of an Old One. That’s what’s down in Liscor’s dungeon. That—or there’s something more that even the old man doesn’t know.”
Mirn hesitated, a claw on a morning cup of tea. His scales prickled faintly.
“Old One? I thought those were just legends.”
Saliss glanced up. He didn’t smile; nor was he his normal, ebullient to the point of incredibly annoying self. Those were fake selves.
“They exist.”
“You’ve never told me about meeting one.”
Saliss snorted.
“Meet one? I’d never get the chance to tell you about it. People ‘meet’ Old Ones. A decade later, a nation vanishes. Old monsters, down there…that’s the only thing I can think to explain this, though.”
He flicked the vial with a claw and it chimed once.
“It makes no sense, Mirn. You understand that, don’t you?”
“The flowers are worth more than they should be.”
“For something that grows from the ground like they do? Sage’s Grass is about as potent as a dandelion compared to this. Still. Every effect is twisted a bit. Pranks. Everything still has a cost. And that’s what scares me. Do you know, ‘Old Ones’ is a generic term for all kinds of things we find buried deep?”
“Mm. Now that you say it—and?”
Mirn sat back. The light coming through the window made the vial of Saliss’ potion glow faintly. The [Alchemist] studied it.
