8.55 L
Page 18
“It does have a protection spell we cannot match, Your Highness. As to our behavior, I regret that as your life is under threat, we must take certain precautions. Lady Reinhart’s staff is immensely adept. Elsewhere?”
Lyonette frowned as she felt the carriage turn abruptly.
“Where are we going? Why are we going up? The estate is downhill.”
Dalimont glanced out the window.
“I believe we are now deviating from our route that we posted at the Carriage Driver’s Guild, Princess. We asked for traffic to be cleared for our fast travel so I believe others took note of it. Oteslia’s Watch will be observing our correct route, and any would-be attackers on the false route, but we cannot rely on them completely.”
Lyonette blinked. She kept forgetting—the Thronebearers were good at their job. Some of their peacockness wasn’t feigned, but Dalimont was more realistic than the others. She sat back with a deep sigh.
“You have orders to take me to Calanfer, don’t you?”
Dalimont didn’t blink. He inclined his head.
“They come from the Eternal Throne itself, Your Highness. But we are realistic; we know full well we cannot spirit you off, much less in a siege. I suggest you consider us an asset and I hope you will at least inform us of your plans geographically so we can protect you. As for myself—I have sworn to serve Princess Seraphel, and she bade me protect you.”
He stressed that. Lyonette looked at Dalimont thoughtfully. She exhaled.
“Well then…I will use you all as best I can. I only wish I could do more, Ser Dalimont. I must…”
She trailed off. She had to leave Oteslia and find Mrsha. Even if she was ‘safe’, as her last letter indicated. Lyonette knew Magnolia’s grand plan for peace mattered. That Ilvriss’ hunt for…dead gods, that mattered. It all mattered, including the Faerie Flowers and Erin’s cure.
But she felt so helpless. She knew one step was to start making pacts and forging alliances. Lyonette exhaled, hard.
“…Can you procure a list of people who might be interested in meeting with me, Ser Dalimont? I should imagine there are a few.”
“Quite a number, Princess. Should I make arrangements to meet with the most important at their convenience today?”
Lyonette imagined herself sitting with a cup of tea and cake in front of her, lecturing a younger woman—Mrsha?—in the arts of making deals with that world-weary air. She pulled an appalled face, but then mumbled.
“…Yes.”
 
——
 
It seemed the others had had a terrible day as well. All but Onieva, who was smiling, Wilovan and Ratici, who had a rather dapper outfit and a green rose for Onieva from Ratici, and…
No, that was it. Even the extra guests looked miserable. Ilvriss was rubbing at his back, Cirediel was muttering about Crelers, and Xif had half a dozen cuts and a black eye.
“I am so sorry. I didn’t think anyone was outside—”
Onieva was laughing so hard she was holding onto Mirn. A familiar-looking Oldblood Drake was apologizing to Xif, her sky-blue scales turned purple with embarrassment. Rafaema of Manus watched as Makhir wrote a note for the Merchant’s Guild.
“What happened?”
“An accident involving marigolds.”
Lyonette gave Mirn the blankest look in existence. Xif elaborated.
“I was just coming back with all my alchemy supplies when I ran into these flowers—those damned slopes. Someone should install handrails!”
“I think you hit one. With your face.”
Onieva wheezed. Xif glared at her. Rafaema turned even redder as Cire whistled.
