8.55 L
Page 1
The two Thronebearers entered at once. Sest closed the door as Dalimont eyed Lormel’s face. The man had served the crown faithfully, rather than one of the [Princesses] or the Order as a whole, but he appeared troubled by his conversation.
“And?”
“We have orders to take Her Highness to Calanfer immediately, without risking her capture or revealing our route.”
Lormel carefully spoke, dabbing at his brow. The Thronebearers exchanged a glance. Dalimont bit his lip, and even Ser Sest looked dismayed.
“…That would seem to be a rather difficult task, Lormel.”
“Yes, well…I did try to explain to His Majesty Princess Lyonette’s particular—but His Majesty was quite busy. The war is not going well.”
Lormel said it so quietly and plainly that Dalimont knew it was truly dire. Thronebearers could put a good face on a pig covered in muck.
“Surely if it is not well, then perhaps Her Highness is placed to affect some measure of aid? We have seen her capability.”
Dame Ushar ventured. Ser Lormel exhaled.
“His Majesty was—unable to hear my comments, Dame Ushar. I gather that it was a stressful moment. It seems a Great General of Ailendamus has just put three of the [Princesses] under siege. No less than Princess Aielef’s own fortress is now in the face of a tremendous force moving faster than anyone could credit. This is breaking news and not to leave this room.”
The Thronebearers paled. Instantly, though, all three other [Knights] demanded to know which [Princesses]. Each was pledged to one, and Dalimont…he saw Lormel look at him.
“Princess Seraphel is one of them. Princesses Aielef, Seraphel, and Vernoue…I am sorry to tender the news so poorly, Dalimont.”
The Thronebearer stood there in silence for a moment. He raised his head slowly, exhaling.
“It—it is not the first time she has survived a siege, Ser Lormel. I daresay she has practice by now, and Ailendamus honors the conduct of war. Mostly. I will do what I can here to protect her sister, as she bade.”
The other [Knights] nodded solemnly. Ser Sest looked from Dalimont to Lormel, then burst out.
“But Her Highness is not about to leave. And I don’t feel enough of a blackguard to knock her about the head and drag her off—even if that were an option! And to be clear, Ser Lormel, that is the only situation I feel as though we could convey Her Highness out of Oteslia. She will not leave without her self-declared daughter, Mrsha.”
“No, Ser Sest. I am aware, but His Majesty entrusted us with the task, and the particulars were not necessary for him at that time.”
Lormel sighed. He stroked at the tip of his chin and the thin beard there, frustrated. He hesitated, and then looked sideways at Dame Ushar. Lormel licked his lips and his forehead grew shiny again.
“That…would not be the only reason their Majesties are so keen Princess Lyonette return. I—I believe I shall leave the next conversation to you, Dame Ushar. Her Majesty expressed a, ah, realization that—well, it was quite—”
Dame Ushar raised her brows. Lormel looked at Sest and Dalimont, and leaned over to whisper something. Her eyes widened.
“Her Majesty could tell? That—”
“I say, Lormel! This is all pressing business. Don’t hold anything back.”
Ser Sest blustered. Dalimont eyed Lormel’s clamped lips and the look Ushar gave Sest, and came to the conclusion fast. Ser Sest hesitated and his eyes rapidly moved left and right. He was a fool in some ways to Dalimont, but a Thronebearer and politics? He bit his lip, then turned bright red.
“—unless that information were to somehow be of a nature unbefitting our ears?”
