8.55 L
Page 6
He was actually amazed—it seemed even Oteslia’s famed Named Adventurer, one of them, Mivifa the Oldblood of Feathers, was a family friend of the First Gardener and just as keen to watch out for Cire.
Then again, that might be the problem. Ilvriss sighed mentally, sitting back as he waited to see if Cire would take a snack. No maids or servants here; they were Drakes. Awkward Drakes. He had more important things to do, but one didn’t refuse a request from the First Gardener lightly, and it seemed Cire’s close call with all the fighting yesterday had rattled his mother.
Talk to Cire. Ilvriss waited, wondering if there wasn’t anyone else better for this job. Cire’s father…? Ah, but the First Gardener had never brought him up, and that would answer some questions. It had to be hard to guide him, given his rank.
At last, Cire looked up and stared at Ilvriss. He snagged a layered bite, chomped on it, and muttered.
“I don’t want command. That’s totally Creler. They’re just going to stick me with a bunch of bodyguards. And only the First Gardener calls me ‘Cirediel’. I’m Cire. Uh, Wall Lord.”
He stared at Ilvriss and opened his mouth, hesitating in a way that Ilvriss knew perfectly well, that meant Cire had forgotten his name.
“Ilvriss. Wall Lord of the Gemscale family.”
“Right. Zer—S—Salazsar?”
“…Yes.”
Ilvriss stared at Cire. Cire stared back, then shifted his gaze and sighed.
“I don’t know what the First Gardener wanted you to say, Wall Lord, but can we pretend you said it? She’s gotten, like, everyone to try to talk to me. The [Generals], the [Druids]…I don’t want a bodyguard.”
“The First Gardener seemed to me to suggest it was more of taking on a leadership role. You might earn a class?”
Cire snorted.
“Yeah, that’ll happen.”
Ilvriss resisted the urge to let his tail curl up. He saw the problem. Cire didn’t even seem interested by the prospect of a class.
Ancestors, was I like this when I was young? No…but then I never appreciated my father trying to teach me. I wanted to learn it myself. I would have appreciated…
Ilvriss sat up.
“I only suggested we spend an hour or two discussing what it might be like to lead a group of people, Cire. You may not replace the First Gardener in time, but—I believe she’s concerned for you. Perhaps overly so?”
It was the right question. Cire sat up and grumbled instantly.
“She’s always complaining I’m in danger and I need guards. Like I’m a piece of glass. I can handle myself!”
“Exactly.”
Cire blinked. He eyed Ilvriss and the Wall Lord smiled tightly.
“I was a young man too, once, Cire. If you can believe that. I can understand growing up in the shadow of my elders.”
“Really? But you’re so o—I mean, yeah. That’s exactly how it is.”
Cire took a drink of Sage’s Water and nearly spat it out.
“Gah! What is this?”
“Sage’s Water.”
“It tastes like dirt!”
Ilvriss eyed Cire. He couldn’t taste anything wrong with his drink and it had been poured of the same bottle. He ignored that one and gestured to Cire.
“Why don’t we head outside, Cire? Your mother’s worried about your safety, but there are more ways to solve a problem than one. She did ask me to talk to you about accepting a guard, I will admit. Perhaps she hoped you might be impressed with Captain Shieldscale.”
“Her? She’s got awesome scales and she breathes acid. Pretty Archmage.”
Cire shot to his feet as Ilvriss walked forwards. The Wall Lord hesitated.
“…Yes? Well, why don’t we head to the practice court? This place has one. Do you use a weapon? We could do a bit of sparring.”
