8.55 L
Page 7
Then maybe he’d ease Cire into discussing a bodyguard—one his age? It was a fair concern. Ilvriss nodded to four of Oteslia’s own [Pegasus Riders] as they stood to attention, surprised by the sudden exit.
“We are simply relocating.”
“Yeah. Hey, you’re not so bad, Wall Lord! That sounds sort of fun—I mean, totally football. It beats sitting around here all day.”
“Football? Er—I meant, do you use any weapons?”
Cire picked at his neck spines, proud at slipping in that new bit of lingo.
“I can use a sword. I used to take lessons. And a spear.”
“Really. Well then—”
Ilvriss smiled politely as the [Guards] and Osthia fell into step behind him. He waved at Nerul, who took one look at Cire and retreated into his rooms, muttering about ‘kids’. It was still early morning, and it seemed his uncle had come out to grab a bottle of wine. Ilvriss had to admit, it was a good way to kill time until he could meet with Lyonette.
Also…he’d do a bit more investigating, but if this was one of the Necromancer’s pawns, everyone was suspect. Ancestors.
 
——
 
She needed more lessons. Rafaema had thought she was in control. That she was ready for anything. One look at the puffy face of Ferris and the bones, set but mending, even with a healing potion, and she blamed herself all over again.
Rafaema placed the yellow flowers next to his bed. Ferris didn’t move; he was asleep.
“A day of rest, that’s all. He’ll be on his feet after his body recovers from the mended bones. Within a week he’ll be in fighting shape. He did his duty.”
“His face. I—I don’t even remember hitting him. I lost control.”
Rafaema turned her head as Hunt Commander Makhir materialized. The Gnoll looked tired. Worried, and trying to hide it from her. But then, he had a lot to worry about. Manus, his city. The Meeting of Tribes, for he was a Gnoll and disturbed by the news from there, for reasons on both Manus’ and the Gnoll people’s sides, and her. Rafaema hung her head.
“Control is difficult for Oldbloods. Much less you. We will practice again. Bow training—focus. The Dragonspeaker is already sending for an expert in the field.”
Rafaema nodded dully. She reached down to touch Ferris’ paw, and hesitated. He was sleeping and she—
In her panic, trying to help Lyonette, she’d broken at least eight of Ferris’ bones before nearly frying everyone in a thousand feet with her lightning breath. Only a chance encounter with Magnolia Reinhart had saved her—and Rafaema didn’t know what to make of that.
She didn’t know what to make of Lyonette—well, she had known the Human was a [Princess], but was she really Wall Lord Ilvriss’ fiancée? That was beyond odd. How had Magnolia Reinhart known what ailed Rafaema so perfectly?
And where was that Dragon she and Cire sensed? Makhir didn’t know all of it. She hadn’t even told him Magnolia Reinhart’s exact words.
“Rafaema. You can’t blame yourself too long. When Ferris wakes, he won’t hold a grudge.”
She opened her mouth to respond, but then switched subjects.
“…What do you mean, specialists? To help me manage my temper?”
“Not so much temper as control over your entire being. An Oldblood specialist—we have them already. But we are also hoping to find a [Monk]. Perhaps a Drake one, but Chandrar has them in number. I also suggested Berr the Berserker, but I don’t think it will be taken given the situation.”
With the Gnolls. Makhir stood stiffly, not bringing it up. But Rafaema hadn’t missed the fact that the Drake [Soldiers] from Manus now walked with her, instead of just Makhir.
It depressed her, but she pretended not to notice.
“Why him?”
