8.55 L
Page 16
“Yet you would have me begin networking. My [Royal Contract] has only one possible bargain at a time. I know I could make less Skill-based pacts, but…I have reservations.”
“Which would be?”
Magnolia watched Lyonette carefully. The [Princess]’ face twisted.
“You would like me to meet and encourage relationships, however simple, with all of Oteslia’s elite. Wall Lords and Ladies of other cities—even a simple deal such as trading a Faerie Flower.”
“Relationships. Calanfer is the prince—or princess—among the Terandrian kingdoms of exactly that fashion, are they not?”
Lyonette bit her lip.
“Yes, but…I quite accept small relationships where I make no large, costly deals.”
“They can quite backfire. A multitude of pacts ensures a relationship where one does not lack on favors to call in, in theory. Better to give now to be owed.”
Yes, it was the Magnolia Reinhart ethos and her crash course in Izrilian politics was easy to grasp—quite adept in how it was implemented. And yet. Lyonette didn’t like it. She toyed with her cup for a second then burst out.
“I just find it so…cynical, Lady Reinhart. You would have me focus exclusively on the aristocracy, or those with financial or political power. It is as if anyone without those qualifications doesn’t matter.”
Magnolia’s brows rose.
“My dear, it is entirely cynical, as you say. Nor do I think you should like the people you work with, although they have appreciable qualities, sometimes buried deep. With a shovel. However, these are the people who can raise armies and fund wars. They are, practically, the only people who can make a difference.”
And that was it. Lyonette bit her tongue because she wanted to say, ‘you’re wrong’. She was thus surprised when Magnolia Reinhart gently scoffed.
“Am I, my dear? I am sorry, I [Read Your Lips].”
Lyonette had heard that Skill could do what it said, but never that it could read what she didn’t say. High-level [Ladies]. She frowned deeper.
“You are not wrong, Lady Magnolia. This is how I was raised to understand the world as well. It is even correct, but—I have changed. I do not want to live like that. I wish to trust…honest people.”
She looked past Magnolia, at something. Of all the people, Lyonette thought of Ishkr. Loyal, hardworking Ishkr.
“I prefer people who are honest, and whose word I can trust at face-value. I would rather not make connections with those with power and false pretense.”
Magnolia Reinhart sighed.
“Lyonette, I quite understand that point of view. I even feel so myself, but I will tell you this: such honest people make the world better, by and large. They do well, and some rise to deserving stations. Then they run into the people whose influence you must cultivate. Because they eat honest people. Honesty is a dangerous weakness when the stakes rise so high. It makes you a target.”
“I would just prefer not to live like that.”
Lyonette knew Magnolia was right, but she disliked this lesson. She shifted her gaze to the steps leading to the second floor and saw the Thronebearers bowing to one of the [Maids], at a remove from the conversation. Her expression turned further maudlin.
“I can see…these are difficult truths to swallow.”
Magnolia Reinhart tapped her lips, looking a bit vexed, but sympathetic. She glanced towards the window and saw the sun was rising. She sighed.
“I must continue my appeal for support for my project, Miss Lyonette. But I must warn you—I entirely understand the allure of your current course, but it cannot give you what you need.”
She stressed that last bit. Lyonette frowned.
