8.55 L
Page 25
This young man, Rickel, had jogged down the journey of finding the plant, paying someone to cultivate more, and figuring out the rest. He had come here with the end result. Because he was from Earth.
“So, uh, you know Joseph of Pallass?”
“Mm. By acquaintance. I would love to introduce you.”
Rickel smiled, but both had an eye on Ser Lormel, boiling hot water.
“I’d…love to meet him. Okay, you filter hot water through the grounds. Slowly…there’s a better contraption, but…”
It was messy, but he knew what to do. Lyonette stared at the end result, which had a bit of grounds Rickel carefully scooped out. She knew better than to judge a book by its cover, especially around stuff like this, but she had to admit.
Wonderful. We’ve made mud water.
That was her first instinct, as Rickel offered her a cup.
“It’s pretty bitter, and a lot of people like sugar or milk for taste.”
“Let me try it, ah, raw? Do I need anything else?”
“Nope. The real benefit is the caffeine, though. The…stuff that makes you wake up?”
“Oh, like tea.”
“Yeah. But stronger. Way stronger.”
Rickel grinned as Lyonette took an experimental sip. She didn’t make a face or retch—but Mrsha would. It was certainly bitter, and did have what she would have called an earthy component. But it wasn’t poor.
“Sugar and milk would help. Lormel? More hot water. Sugar, milk.”
“Yes, Your Highness.”
He watched, curiously, as Rickel ground up more beans. It wasn’t poisoned, but it was new. Lyonette didn’t see the point at first. Then, as she was helping make more, she blinked.
“Huh.”
She hadn’t had much sleep last night, what with being revealed to be the [Princess] of Calanfer and everything else. Of course, Lyonette had learned to adapt, and she had even taken a sip of stamina potion, but that wasn’t the same as a cup of tea. This? She turned to Rickel and he raised his brows.
“So, I’m Rickel. You’re in a bit of trouble with the Earthtenders? I’d like to help if I can, but I’m only a [Gambler]. Not a [Fighter]. But I’d love to…meet people from home. Consider that my contribution to whatever’s going on. But I haven’t been able to convince many people to try it.”
“I think…I might know a few people who would be interested.”
Lyonette glanced towards the door and saw Xif, Onieva, and Ilvriss all glancing her way. She looked at the cups of coffee, then loaded a tray up for Ser Sest with sugar and milk. She had a project for the day, and smiled at Rickel. She saw him smile back, then blink at something.
“Is that…?”
Lyonette turned. She had planted something and put it by the windowsill where the light could strike a few little, yellow flowers. She looked at Rickel and smiled at his dumbstruck expression.
“You’ve heard of Faerie Flowers? That would be our contribution.”
She winked and was rewarded with his jaw dropping. He had come with something amazing, but there was more than one fish in the pond. Even if one of them was currently on ice.
Most of the audience for the first mass-trial of coffee didn’t see the point. Nerul did, as soon as he put in enough sugar and milk.
“Ah—that’s not bad. And it’s like a stamina potion or tea, you said? But stronger? Every person in my field drinks stamina shots with their morning tea, and it’s appalling, disgusting behavior. I’m glad there’s a substitute that’s a tiny bit more socially acceptable.”
“I just like the taste.”
Cire commented. Ilvriss raised his brows.
“So do I. I’ve never been for tea in the morning…huh.”
