8.55 L
Page 45
He looked around. He had been walking down the street, to a playground. It was an old haunt, so old only Mivifa had found it from earlier routes. Cire muttered.
“Everyone else is doing important things. I’m the one who…”
“What were you doing, Cire?”
He stared about. The street was empty, more worn than he remembered it.
“It feels like yesterday. I feel like you two knew each other, but he’s older’n even you, Mivifa. Poruniv. Porun. Do you remember…?”
She stiffened. Cire looked at her. He saw a young Drake, sometimes with cuts from scuffles, grinning at him.
“He runs a gang, doesn’t he? That was him. Just like you. I met a guy—we were friends and he was old. He was dying. Do you have to keep lying?”
“I…Cire. I didn’t want to at first. First it was just me hiding a few years. Then—we know how it hurts you.”
Cire’s voice rose.
“Yeah, well, it hurts more when I feel like the biggest idiot in the world! Every time! Mom—”
He stopped and gulped.
“I know Shaerrha isn’t my…I know the other First Gardeners retired. I know they have to be…”
He couldn’t say it. Cire looked away.
“I know they get old. I know that! I can handle it. It’s just—you can’t run around with people who’re thirty. That’s uncool.”
“I know. I wanted to hang out with you, Cire.”
“Did you even enjoy it?”
The Dragon scuffed along, heading towards the playground of swings and balance-beams built into the trees planted there. Ah, they were overgrown. When had that happened? Trees grew so fast.
Mivifa and Cire sat on swings there as evening set. Mivifa tried to smile.
“I did. Really.”
“Liar. I know I’m a child when you get older. Everyone tells me that.”
The Named-rank adventurer’s smile flickered.
“Who does?”
Cire avoided her gaze.
“People. I can’t help it. I can’t be old. Rafaema tries—but she’s miserable. Just look at her and that Makhir guy.”
Mivifa nodded. Manus sounded like military training camp to Cire.
“We don’t want to hurt you, Cire. It’s just—”
“Then let me leave. Just let me leave and—and go exploring!”
“We can’t do that. Cire, you’re the hope of Oteslia.”
The Dragon stared at the ground. He kicked at it savagely, unearthing a colony of actual ants. They began to swarm at him—then decided to go rebuild their colony instead. Uncool kick, guy, but what are you gonna do? Bite him? Nah.
“Yeah. The hope of the Walled Cities and the biggest joke. I can’t even wipe my butt without someone holding my hand.”
“That’s not true—”
“Is it?”
Cire leapt to his feet, carefully avoiding the anthill. He pointed at Mivifa, suddenly furious again.
“It always happens! You—you and Mom and everyone tell me it’s the last time, but I’m not stupid! You keep doing it! You told me I was going to Zeres and put me on a lake! I thought it was the ocean for three decades! And that wasn’t enough—you know what they did to Rafaema? When she blew up half of Manus?”
Mivifa bit her tongue and avoided his gaze. Cire threw his hands up.
“Her boyfriend was an agent of Manus! She can’t even date someone without them being, like, a super-secret [Soldier] or officer! And—and I know you put tracking spells on us. And that you read our letters! Want to know why we don’t write any? Because I don’t want to write to Dragonspeaker Luciva!”
He stomped his feet and cracked the earth. Mivifa couldn’t meet his eyes.
“I’m sorry, Cire. I’ve tried to give you more space. But everyone worries about you. Everyone does love you, and you two are the last ones ever. You’re the hope of Oteslia. Look.”
