8.55 L
Page 46
Cire looked down. A vast ant colony stretched under his feet, unearthed by his stomping. But rather than swarm over him, the ants bustled around him. Jeez, look at this guy.
They refused to attack. Plants grew faster when Cire planted them. Animals did love him. Feathi was a friend.
The last. It wasn’t true, but Cire refused to tell Mivifa. He might have, a month ago. Now? He looked at Mivifa, the Oldblood of Feathers, and knew they would never be friends again. That was how it worked. He turned away.
“Loved? That’s what everyone tells me. I don’t feel loved. I feel…needed.”
Mivifa stirred. She tried to speak, but Cire held up a claw.
“Just leave me alone, Mivifa. Go do important things. I won’t run away. I’ll just be here. Everyone tells me they’re doing things for my sake. You, the First Gardener, even Poruniv said that. You all sound the same.”
He turned. His wings opened wide, and the Earth Dragon’s scales, brown and green and purple, shimmered in the fading light. He looked up—then hesitated, and raised a claw.
The earth moved together, and the ant colony vanished as it melded. Cire stared down at the ground. One day—Mivifa looked at him. One day, he would guide them all like that. Kindly.
If he didn’t break of sadness before that. Cire spread his wings and flew.
He wanted to be alone. No—he was alone. He saw a streak of blue in the air and flew towards it. He saw Rafaema, fleeing as well. And there were tears in her eyes.
Cire flew at her and caught her arm. He embraced her, and hated the way they watched and celebrated it. The certainty grew in his chest, the little secret he had never told anyone, not even Rafaema.
One day, I will run away from this place and never return.
 
——
 
He wanted to run. But the Second Gardener, the nickname for the Earthtenders’ boss, Poruniv, had orders.
Multiple safe houses and havens. Labs, somehow. Workshops—vanished.
Earthtenders was indeed a massive gang, but the amount of damage done in a single day? There were two Faces smashing places up street-to-street, reports of places being found with dead gang members with no wounds—and [Maids].
Maids. It was like some kind of sick joke. But Poruniv was furious. The gloves were off and there would be a reckoning.
So he sent Faces. On the attack. Neverwhine, Zanzeil, and nearly a dozen more were called in. Favors pulled, arms twisted. Threats made.
“Ecleeif. You’re on killing those damn Callers. I want them dead.”
Poruniv’s face was still puffy from nearly getting sucked into a void. He pointed at the [Sorcerer] and the Drake gulped.
“M-me? Why me? Send Zanzeil and Neverwhine!”
The Gnoll with the Creler-poison on claws and the huge, double-headed dog [Beast Master] both glared at him. Poruniv shouted.
“Don’t argue! You’re a [Mage]—they’re warriors. Blast them! I’m sending you with a full combat group. Just hang back, hit them, and if you somehow miss—”
There were threats laden with his orders, but Poruniv just had to wound them or keep them from attacking. The [Sorcerer] knew he could do it. His [Airless Box] spell hadn’t killed either Caller, but it was swords versus sorcery.
But if they get me, I’m dead. I’m dead! Ecleeif was under no illusions. There were Faces and Faces. Some qualified because they were famous more than deadly. He’d even heard a child was a Face in Invrisil, which went to say something something something.
But those two? They were death walking. They had walked into the Earthtenders’ hideout, nearly done in Poruniv but for sheer luck, and killed dozens of the main crew before getting away. Even a broad-daylight attack had failed.
