8.55 L
Page 22
The two Gnolls cautiously shook hands, Makhir recognized a northern accent and Wilovan cautiously identified a commander of a foreign city. He tipped his hat, Makhir threw a salute.
“So…you’re acquainted with Miss—Her Highness?”
“In a sort of escort role, yes. And you’re escorting…”
“Er, I’m a fellow officer of Manus. Wall Lady Rafaema was visiting Oteslia when the siege occurred.”
Makhir nodded to Rafaema. She was cautiously speaking to Nerul and Xesci; the [Diplomat] was boisterously leading her around, doing introductions. Wilovan nodded.
“Strange business, but I’m not one for the south.”
“Really? A northern Gnoll? Our people are rarer up there, or so I’m told.”
“There are a few Gnolls, sir.”
Makhir paused. There was a clear distinction between ‘our people’ and the way Wilovan spoke, but the Gentlemen Caller wasn’t hostile in the way he said it. The two stood there a second, as Wilovan accepted another wrap being passed out by Ser Sest…on a platter, as if it were a high-class restaurant. He took a cautious bite and Makhir did the same.
“Mm. Hot. Quite good.”
“Yes indeed.”
A second. Wilovan glanced towards Ratici, who was speaking with Onieva, and decided not to trouble his friend. Makhir stared at Cire, who was slowly following the blue Drake bodyguard of Wall Lord Ilvriss about. It could have ended there, but Wilovan was in Lyonette’s company. And, after a second, Makhir spoke.
“You’re a mace-fighter? Or just club? You could give lessons on it. Economical form.”
Wilovan glanced up. Makhir indicated the longbow on his back.
“Bows for me.”
“I see. Not for me, sir. A bit cumbersome in close quarters as it were. A fellow gets within arms-reach and a bow’s a danger.”
Makhir smiled.
“It is a problem in a scrum, but have you ever heard about close-quarter bow techniques? It requires an enchanted bow, but you whip someone across the face or use the string to garrote them like…”
Lyonette found the two in deep discussion as she passed by Xif, talking with Ilvriss and, of all people, Rafaema as Nerul moved onto the others.
“…rising prices on Sage’s Grass for a long time until that [Farmer] came long. But you know what I’m talking about. Adamantium is sky-high for nothing until that vein in Salazsar opened up. The Gemscale family must be celebrating nightly.”
Ilvriss grimaced.
“As a matter of fact—not so much. There was an, ah, issue with the mining rights.”
“Oh dear me, I’m sorry.”
The Wall Lord shook his head.
“Not at all. House Gemscale will not want for funds. But on that note, there’s always a shortage of some goods, even if we hit a surplus. I can’t imagine Adamantium will go that much lower. You know, opals are the rarest gems; your ordinary rubies, even diamonds to some degree, are common given Salazsar’s gem deposits. Opals? Never a problem selling even during a boom.”
“You know, Eir Gel’s the exact same. Always a bit costly, given how you need it in healing potions. But I’m glad it’s steady.”
Rafaema glanced from Xif to Ilvriss.
“…What do you mean? It’s fluctuated hard.”
Xif gave Rafaema a blank look.
“Not recently, Miss Rafaema. Er—Wall Lady?”
“Rafaema is fine, Alchemist. Eir Gel’s completely dependent on one island, by and large. Hesheit, I think it’s called, and whenever there’s a shipping delay or problem the supply runs dry in months at most. There was a huge shortage and panic—don’t you remember?”
Ilvriss and Xif exchanged a look, then Xif snapped his paws together.
