8.55 L
Page 39
The Gentlemen Callers exchanged a glance. Their opinion of the odd Wall Lord changed somewhat. He might not know, but he was learning. Wilovan grinned.
As the Wall Lord left, the two Gentlemen Callers took stock. They put their hats on, counted their injuries, and Wilovan went for another set of clothing. The Gnoll was buttoning up another coat when he looked sideways.
“You lads have a grudge against the Earthtenders or something?”
“Earthtenders? No one likes ‘em. You…you from another city?”
Gamith spat. He touched at his stomach, gingerly, but he’d seen fighting before, if not this. He stared at Wilovan. The Gnoll considered the question.
“Something like that. We’re not replacing them. This isn’t a feud. This is to the death. Hats off. You get me?”
Gamith nodded slowly. He gulped.
“Wh-why? What did they do?”
“They tried to kill someone who wasn’t part of it.”
The [Bruiser] waited. The other Furfangs looked at each other.
“And…how far is it going?”
Wilovan finished buttoning his coat.
“Until it ends. If you want to come with us, help yourself.”
He looked sideways, pointedly. His new ring was on his finger, but he quite clearly saw why the Furfangs had followed the Brothers on their deadly battles. Not just the fascination of the two men. Not just seeing the sheer violence and death.
They’d armed themselves with the goods of the dead Earthtenders. Money, weapons—more than they could earn in months. Gamith himself had picked up the enchanted dagger. He stared at it. He could sell this and feed himself and his family for…
All you had to do was look death straight in the eye. The two Gentlemen Callers began to walk off. The Furfangs had all the money they could want from two battles—three including the aborted one at the club—in the streets.
Sure enough, the Furfangs gang remained to loot the place and then run and tell everyone what they’d seen. Ratici nodded to Wilovan and they walked on. That was what Wall Lord Ilvriss would never understand. The sheer money in a jacket, even bloodstained, a bag of coins.
They turned as they heard pounding footsteps behind them. Gamith, the [Bruiser], and a pair of Drakes and three other Gnolls had caught up. They stared at the Gentlemen Callers in silence.
Something…Wilovan felt blood drying on his fur. He reached for his scent-killing potion. And wondered if he would level again. He would. And his next Skill would be…
[He Scratched Only Thread].
Yet in the now, in the moment, he looked at Gamith, right at the uncertain young man. Ratici glanced at Wilovan, then he snapped. The younger men jumped as Ratici gestured.
“Keep up, then. Listen and don’t move until we say so. And—find yourselves some damn hats.”
They had to at least look the part, if they wanted to walk with the Gentlemen Callers.
 
——
 
It was completely, eminently difficult. Because the problem was that you never had one problem at a time. When it rained, it poured. When it rained, it poured, and you discovered there were Crelers in the water and the Krakens were waking up.
At the moment of her greatest ambition, possible triumph or failure, there was unexpected war with the Gnolls. Erin Solstice, that dear girl, was dead, and she truly believed it was only a dream she could return.
Perhaps, though. Perhaps. She was equal to that—even to the news Tyrion Veltras was making war on Ailendamus for reasons only his addled brain could conceive. A younger woman might have struggled to hold it all. That poor little child, Mrsha…
