8.55 L
Page 47
They scared Ecleeif shitless, and he stopped in a public outhouse to lose a few pounds. The [Sorcerer] hurried to get to his meeting place, sweating as he washed his claws with a quick [Flame Jet] spell. He stepped outside, cutting through a park, and a gold coin was lying on the ground.
Ecleeif stopped and looked around. Now here was a find! He reached down for it, and heard a voice.
“Want to bet on it?”
The [Sorcerer] spun. He pointed a finger, hesitated, as the young man threw his hands up.
“Ancestors. Rickel? Do you want to die?”
The [Gambler] grinned.
“Hey, Ecleeif. Sorry, but I thought you’d do something if I didn’t get your attention. Mind not blasting me?”
The [Sorcerer] thought about it.
“You’re in over your head, Rickel. Poruniv wants you dead. First the mistake with the flowers, now this…you’d better find a way to make it up.”
Rickel put his hands in his pockets.
“I didn’t make a mistake with the flowers. They’re worth everything, right? Not my fault.”
Ecleeif chewed his lip. He knew he was late, judging by the position of the sun, but he lingered…glancing at a sun-dial.
“Yeah, well. That’s not what the boss thinks. What, you want me to put in a good word?”
He vaguely liked Rickel. The young man was a mediocre [Gambler], but he knew his way around places, and Ecleeif would have sworn he was smart…until his stunt the other day. Rickel shrugged.
“I don’t think it matters. Listen, Ecleeif, let’s be honest. The Earthtenders are going to war, right? Against the Gentlemen Callers?”
“Those two? Yeah. Two Faces from up north. Crazy bastards.”
Ecleeif shuddered. Rickel smiled crookedly.
“They’re old-school.”
“School? We don’t go to school. They’re insane. Either they die or…no, we’ll get them. But I don’t want to be one of the ones who dies taking ‘em out, you understand? If you hadn’t saved them—hey, that’s right!”
Ecleeif was getting angry. He pointed a finger at Rickel.
“Give me one reason I shouldn’t drag you back to the boss!”
“Because I wouldn’t appear in front of you without a backup plan, Ecleeif. For all you know, the Gentlemen Callers are waiting around that tree.”
Rickel nodded, looking calm as could be. Ecleeif’s scales prickled. He lowered his finger, glancing around.
“Hold on. Why are you here?”
Rickel shrugged.
“It’s been a weird day, Ecleeif. First I meet a room full of real people. Like, genuine movers and shakers. The Gentlemen Callers—it’s all connected. Oteslia’s moving. Can’t you feel it? And Poruniv’s making bad plays if he wants to get in front of them.”
His eyes glittered. He grinned. Ecleeif gave him a nervous laugh.
“That all sounds…terrible for business.”
Rickel nodded reasonably. He gestured, and the [Sorcerer] walked slowly with him.
“Doesn’t it? I know you’re like me, Ecleeif.”
“In what way? We both appreciate a good chest over a tail?”
They had bonded over similar tastes. Rickel nearly tripped. He laughed.
“No! We’re sensible. You don’t think fighting the Gentlemen Callers is smart, do you?”
Ecleeif bit his tongue. He did not, but even saying that was a bad idea. Just let the two do what they wanted! Ancestors, why was it all personal? They had so little to gain from making Magnolia Reinhart an enemy, but Poruniv was a patriot.
“I bet a lot of people, even Faces, see it that way. Tell me—are Neverwhine and Zanzeil really that dedicated? I don’t think Zanzeil is, but Poruniv pays him well.”
“More than me.”
The [Sorcerer] scowled. Rickel eyed him, smiling again.
“And now he’s sent you to go after…who? Wilovan and Ratici?”
