8.55 L
Page 23
“That’s right! That must have been, Ancestors, fifty years back! I was barely an apprentice but I remember how much the potions went for. You’re quite up-to-date on alchemy history, Rafaema.”
She hesitated.
“I—study the economics of Walled Cities.”
Ilvriss gave her an approving look.
“Commendable. You should meet my [Administrator]. He’s as well-read. Then do you all think this new bicycle craze and the door in Liscor will change the trading dynamic? I already know that Salazsar’s goods are making a huge profit in the north, but we haven’t established formal trade routes, so it’s all independent.”
Xif snorted.
“All I know is that everything I have is selling faster, and I can get Sage’s Grass marginally cheaper from that literal [Pirate]…and other goods too! The only ones complaining are the Runner’s Guilds and Merchant’s Guilds—and the runners stopped once they realized they could head north and south for new jobs.”
“Wrap for anyone? Lady Rafaema?”
“Thank you, Your Highness…?”
Rafaema turned to Lyonette and blinked. With her hair tied up, an apron on, and changed out of her formal dress, Lyonette looked like, well, a [Barmaid], albeit with striking features. Ilvriss smiled at her and Xif sighed.
“Ah. It feels like we’re back at…the inn.”
Rafaema was confused, but Ilvriss just nodded. Lyonette smiled sadly. But before she could wallow, she moved on.
It was engineered and spontaneous. Just a moment for lunch, but it was moments like these Lyonette cared for. Not a grand pact. She was handing out wraps to the Oteslian Watch when there was a commotion. Instantly, one of the Gnoll [Pegasus Riders] grabbed his spear.
Ilvriss put a hand on his sword but found nowhere to draw it. Wilovan and Ratici were already sliding forwards, but they stopped as the door opened.
“Really! I know Wilovan and Ratici! I’m just—”
“What’s the matter?”
“Someone was attempting to climb in through one of the windows, Your Highness.”
Dame Ushar had caught the perpetrator, although his approach hadn’t exactly been stealthy. Lyonette du Marquin blinked as she saw a young man, hands held halfway up, with a curiously well-made hoodie, nondescript pants, and a cautious smile as he turned to face her. Wilovan blinked.
“Is that you, Mister Rickel?”
“Hey! It’s the Callers! I know them. I’d just like to say something. I promise I’m just here for a social call…”
He kept glancing over his shoulder, clearly nervous. Ushar eyed the street, which had curious watchers along with…Ratici saw two tails duck back—they might not have been from the Earthtenders, but they were there. The better tails didn’t even move and pretended to be ordinary passersby.
Lyonette saw Wilovan look at Rickel and remembered—they had said they had help. And hadn’t they said…?
She frowned at Rickel. Something about him instantly rang a few bells, but Lyonette was distracted. However, he was looking at her.
A [Princess]. So…not the person he wanted. Rickel sighed, but smiled.
“Hi, I’m—”
Ushar’s gauntleted arm blocked him, but Lyonette lifted a hand.
“Let him by, Ushar. Search him if you must, but he did help Wilovan and Ratici. I am Lyonette. You must be Rickel.”
He sketched a bow.
“Yes, Your Highness. I’m honored to meet you.”
Lyonette frowned. She eyed his hoodie.
“…Yes. Where are you from, Rickel? Not Oteslia. Perhaps you’re from other lands?”
His eyes flickered as she held out a hand. Rickel took it and stared at Lyonette.
“Uh—I’m from another continent, yes.”
