8.55 L
Page 27
“Wall Lord Ilvriss? Can I introduce you to someone? Rickel, this is Ilvriss.”
“A Wall Lord?”
Rickel blinked as Ilvriss walked over, cup in hand. The Drake shook Rickel’s hand.
“Are you thinking of something akin to The Wandering Inn, Miss Lyonette?”
She smiled.
“A bit, but with actual planning rather than spontaneity and half the city stealing it instantly.”
Ilvriss chuckled.
“I think that sounds acceptable. I could contact my [Administrator]—and my uncle here knows [Merchants] he could drop by with today.”
“It wasn’t in my books—now it is. I walk in, talk them up, they feed me, and we have a liquid lunch—coffee and drinks. Does this pair with anything alcoholic, young man?”
Nerul brightened up when Rickel explained that, yes, some people did consider it a way of life. Rafaema vibrated over.
“Can you get more of this? I’ll invest.”
“And me as well! Xif…I’ve got money!”
Rickel was a bit overwhelmed, blinking around, but he shook hands, and agreed to give the location of the plot of land to someone willing to organize mass-replanting and collect more for processing so it could be trialed.
Which turned out to be Xif, who realized he had to put his paws where his mouth was. The [Alchemist] didn’t seem to mind, rubbing his paws together.
“This time I’m on the top floor of it. Top floor!”
Which made no sense until you remembered Pallass valued the higher floors more. At any rate, there it was. Low-key drama, something new.
The Gentlemen Callers watched it all with faint smiles. But it only reminded them—it wasn’t the inn. It was a bit off. So they excused themselves. Wall Lord Ilvriss broke off from Rickel handing over four entire bags of coffee beans to Nerul. The young man was remarkably prepared. Ilvriss frowned.
The Gentlemen Callers. Amazingly high-level for a simple duo. He hesitated, and set his cup down. Xesci hadn’t marked them as unusual, so that wasn’t the issue. They were just—quite high-level.
As for Lyonette, she was called to her first meeting by Ser Dalimont, who reminded her she’d asked for that. She cursed, but had to speak to Rickel.
“I need to head out. I am so sorry, but…”
“No, it’s fine. Great to meet you. Let’s talk again, yeah? There’s a lot…a lot to think about.”
He gave her a huge grin, eying Wilovan and Ratici as a few people began to leave the lunch session. Lyonette smiled gratefully and hurried upstairs to change. It was then that one of the Oteslian Watch did a count of the room, looked around, trotted over to check the restroom, and cursed.
“Cirediel is gone!”
The Watch looked about, realized the young Dragon had given them the slip as some of the other guests made their exodus, and went for the doors.
Amateurs. The Thronebearers and Makhir knew where their charges were. As Lyonette left, Hunt Commander Makhir shook his head at Oteslia’s security—and then eyed his charge.
“Rafaema, don’t you think you’ve had too much coffee?”
“I’m fine, Makhir. This is great. This is amazing! I need this in my life!”
Rafaema turned to him, eyes bright, smiling. She felt wonderful. She reached for another coffee cup, knocked it over, and grabbed for the drink.
“Oop—”
She snatched as the cup tumbled. Her reflexes were good, but she was on the first caffeine rush of her life. Jittering, she missed the coffee, cursed.
“Damn! Damn, damn, d—”
Her mouth opened and Makhir saw a streak of blue energy crackle. His eyes widened.
“Rafae—”
