8.55 L
Page 31
He did not have to follow them long. They clearly knew where they were going. Wilovan paused by a brick wall running into an alleyway with no exit—between two buildings, both closed and boarded up. Odd, in a huge city like Oteslia, but even in Salazsar businesses failed.
Wilovan leaned against the wall for a second. Ratici whispered to him, and Ilvriss stared as the Gnoll nodded. Then…Ratici removed his cap. Wilovan did likewise, and tucked it into his bag of holding.
Ilvriss watched, his adrenaline beginning to pump in his veins.
“What are they doing?”
The Wall Lord jumped. He hadn’t said that! Who had—Ilvriss turned and saw the Furfangs, Gamith, and the Streetrage gang all staring at the Gentlemen Callers from various hiding places.
 
——
 
The safe house was, by definition, safe. Even if the Watch came calling, there were bolt-holes even if they could break down the door, which they wouldn’t, because it was a waste of time and energy. Also, if there was huge trouble, you could rally the forces—if you were in a good gang.
Well, the Earthtenders were the biggest gang and so this safehouse was doubly safe. But it relied on one thing. And that was simply that you didn’t open the door.
“Hey, open up! Open up!”
The ratatattat of furious knocking made the group inside look up. It was definitely not a code knock.
“Passcode? Who sent you?”
There was a panicked breath.
“I don’t—I don’t have one! Listen, I just got—they’re right behind me! It’s a huge score, I’ll give you half!”
The leader of the group hanging around inside, playing cards and eating while they patched themselves up from the disastrous attack, peered through the spyhole as one of the others motioned him over. He saw someone run back to the alleyway, then come running back. A panicked Drake with a huge scar over his face. He sounded young—and he was holding something.
“Clear off! This is Earthtender’s property.”
“They’re after me! Please!”
The [Marauder] eyed something that flashed in the light from the spyhole. Wait a second. Was that a bag of holding? Yes, it was!
A [Pickpocket] who’d just nabbed a bag of holding. And—from the looks of it—with the Watch or bodyguards in hot pursuit. The [Marauder] licked his lips. He made a quick decision.
“Let him in.”
“But the Second Gardener said—”
“Let him in. He’s got a bag of holding.”
The other members of the gang perked up. Free income? There was only a moment of hesitation, then one of them called out.
“Alright, one second. How fast are they on your tail?”
“I don’t—I think I lost them, but one of them has a sword! An enchanted—hurry the hell up!”
“We’re going, we’re going…there. Come on in and—”
The door opened and the [Marauder] stepped back, smiling happily at the free bag of holding delivery. They’d let the Drake have something—once they extracted a tax for the emergency use of the safehouse.
What he got, instead of a terrified Drake, was an empty doorway. The [Marauder] hesitated. The other members of the Earthtenders gang looked up.
“My [Dangersense] just went off.”
A Drake whispered. Her scales went white. The [Marauder] whirled.
“Close the—”
The thing about [Dangersense] is that it often went off when you were in danger. Of course, sometimes it was very helpful and said ‘do not open that door’. But the right fellows knew how to beat that Skill. After all, you could get it as low as before Level 10. It, like truth spells, was not infallible.
The room exploded into chaos as people surged to their feet. Hands reached for the door to push it shut.
