8.55 L
Page 4
“Their room was infiltrated. The Thronebearers are quite adept, but they made a simple mistake. There is no hole in the walls or they’d sense it, or any false-partition, but there is a thread tap in one of the carpets. The right Skill can pick up the vibrations if it is pulled taut.”
Lyonette blinked. Someone listened through a thread? That was a level of spycraft beyond her. Yet…she looked at the duo.
That famous duo. Magnolia Reinhart, who apparently knew Lyonette’s own parents well enough to guess how they’d order their [Knights]. Deadly Flower of the North. And Ressa, one of the most dangerous [Maids] and bodyguards in existence.
“So, Lady Reinhart. Why did you summon me again? I—I must thank you for including me in your presentation of your plans. Much has changed.”
Lady Magnolia looked at Lyonette. A day had passed since the ball where she had proposed her joint effort between north and south. A day since Lyonette du Marquin had survived a flagrant assassination attempt by Oteslia’s biggest gang, and been revealed as a [Princess] by the Thronebearers.
A day. And much had indeed changed.
 
[Worldly Princess Level 26!]
[Skill – Royal Contract obtained!]
[Skill – Trifling Incentive obtained!]
 
The level ups still echoed in Lyonette’s head. She had gained them from one of the many things that had occurred yesterday, and she wondered if even the Gentlemen Callers had levelled too. She would ask, later, but the crowd waiting to get a piece of her would make that difficult.
Lionette Solstice of Liscor, who had the Faerie Flowers. Lyonette du Marquin of Calanfer, a kingdom a continent away, under siege. And, possibly, Lyonette Gemscale, if the rumors had it, fiancée of Wall Lord Ilvriss.
“So. You do quite well in encouraging chaos, Miss Marquin, and I think dear Erin Solstice taught you well in that. As for striking the correct bargains and moving Oteslia—well, what were your plans before being revealed as a [Princess]? Now?”
Lyonette stirred. She had a long piece of celery in one hand and looked at Magnolia, baffled.
“My plans, Lady Reinhart? I didn’t mean to inconvenience…”
Magnolia waved that away. She looked at Lyonette, a bit impatiently, but with some…reserve? A kind of off-kindness in her eyes.
Sympathy. Understanding.
“My dear Lyonette. The time is long past for recriminations and regrets. I know only too well how much trouble a Thronebearer can be. If I had known they would show up and cause that mess…? There is more to worry about. This gang is targeting you for reasons I can guess at, but do not know for certain. Yet. Ressa has begun countering them, but my staff are not as well-entrenched in Drake lands, nor as plentiful as I would like.”
Lyonette stirred, looking at Ressa, who nodded.
“We can only spare a dozen from security. It should be enough; Bekia, Reynold, and I will lead them on rotation. We can wipe out a safehouse every few days if all goes well.”
“A safehouse?”
Magnolia waved that away.
“The gangs love their hideaways, Lyonette. Ressa will be careful and, to be honest, I do not think you will want to stay long enough to continue a war. Nor is it your concern, in truth. If you were a Pryde or, dead gods forbid, a Bethal, you’d most likely need more combat training or strategy tutelage. I hope you’ve seen that you do best in your element—negotiating. Charming people. Quite well, in fact. Better than me.”
She gave Lyonette a rueful smile, then went on.
“But you don’t strike deals as well. Give and take, Miss Marquin. So. Did you have a plan?”
