8.55 L
Page 13
And the two Gentlemen Callers were gone. Flummoxed, the eight hurried forwards, then snapped at the young Gnoll boy. He sniffed the air, but…the trail was gone! What had just—?
 
——
 
Ratici and Wilovan walked down the street in a casual saunter. The [Beast Tamer] managing the Aqua Bulls, the actually fairly docile, water-based bovines, frowned and did a double-take as he saw the two strolling along. He looked over his shoulder. Hadn’t he just seen them down that other street…?
“Sloppy. It seems they’re not as used to it the same way as the lads and ladies up north, Wilovan.”
“No indeed, Ratici. Different tricks, one supposes. Speaking of tricks—that fine young man, Rickel. Did he say how to get in touch?”
Ratici shook his head.
“I suspect we might run into him. He knows where to call on us. What was the pressing need, Wilovan? And if it was buying flowers for Miss Onieva…”
Wilovan looked offended.
“I wouldn’t waste our time when it counts, Ratici.”
The [Thief] harrumphed.
“I wouldn’t reproach you, Wilovan. A fine lady. Lovely scales.”
“Aren’t they? Not that a fellow should stare.”
“Indeed not. But I was going to say that it would be a competition, as it were.”
Wilovan gave Ratici a look of bemusement—it was rarer for Ratici to vouch an interest. He frowned, scratched at his head, then tipped his hat.
“In that case, Ratici, as a friend should, I will bow out and let you purchase a suitable bouquet or gift.”
“I should hardly want to take away honest competition, Wilovan. The lady will decide.”
Ratici replied, somewhat stiffly. He was a shorter Drake, and Wilovan, the tall, dashing Gnoll with broad shoulders and his easier manner tended to win ‘competitions’ where both professed admiration for a single person. Wilovan hastened to assure Ratici he wasn’t just being kind.
“She’s a fine woman, Ratici. But I confess—I don’t know her, and you know me. I have to say, my eye was caught already, and it might be the challenge of a lifetime, but I feel as though I’ve been lucky enough to push it to the brink.”
“Oh? And who might this beautiful woman be this time?”
Wilovan removed his hat briefly to smooth his hair.
“…That striking figure of a woman. Simply magnificent. A fellow would never have the chance to even say a word, of course, but a man can dream. Lady Magnolia Reinhart.”
Ratici nearly tripped over his feet. That was pure Wilovan. The Gnoll sighed—then replaced his top hat.
“But for later. Our current errand, Ratici, is to purchase armor as it were. Let us leave the amour for later.”
He pointed ahead and Ratici was sincerely flummoxed for a moment. Armor? Then he saw where Wilovan was pointing and his eyes lit up.
“Wilovan, if I might say so, you’re a half-man fellow in regards to Lady Reinhart. The Flower Lady herself? But a genius, I say. I didn’t consider it.”
“No indeed, Ratici, but we must count our advantages while they last. And Miss Lyonette has given us one…if I can gain it forever, or the Brothers can develop it as a whole? We might be onto something that changes the entire affair. Now…excuse me! I hope we’re not too early? I was hoping to look around and make a quick purchase.”
The two Gentlemen Callers walked in, and a suspicious [Attendant] turned into an appraising one as soon as she saw the way they dressed.
The Drake hurried forwards with a huge smile, welcoming the Drake and Gnoll into one of Oteslia’s finest clothing boutiques.
“Welcome, sirs! Are you here for a party? Urgent purchases, or something more long-term?”
