8.55 L
Page 28
The only other people left in Lyonette’s temporary home were Xif and Mirn, one taking a nap, the other preparing to head out and get coffee into the world. Xif, humming, heard a crackle turn into a roar of thunder and then something kicked him into a wall.
Lightly. He came stumbling out of the bedroom to see Rafaema staring at a smoking hole in the wall. Crumbling masonry fell around her as Makhir picked himself up, every hair on his body standing up on end from the static charge. Rafaema stared in horror at the opening.
“I didn’t mean to! I didn’t—”
She covered her mouth, eyes wide. Xif took one look at her and ran for it. Rafaema swallowed the lightning building in her. Then her cheeks bulged and she ran over to a bucket and threw up. Coughing, she stared up as Makhir looked at her.
“I—something’s wrong. What’s happening to me?”
He didn’t know. The Hunt Commander stood there, unsure of what to say. What was wrong? Rafaema didn’t know. And the one person who could tell her—she looked around for Lyonette du Marquin. But how…?
Only one person. She was older than Cire and only one person could…Rafaema hesitated.
One?
 
——
 
There was anger on the streets. No, a fury. Why?
Not for the siege. Sieges were a part of life, and this was a bloodless siege—at least on their side. Not for the attack of a gang on a Human [Princess] in the city or her revelation or Magnolia Reinhart.
The Meeting of Tribes. Magic stolen across half a continent. Gnolls were angry. They were furious, and it was not just Plains Gnolls.
However, many did not act on it. Some were, like Makhir, part of a Drake city. Or simply not willing to shout and lose their jobs.
The gangs had no such problems. Angry Gnolls took to the streets. However, as it happened, they were not actually united but disparate. And, because they were the most vocal and ready to fight, they began quarreling not over whether the Drakes had done it, but whether or not the tribes were idiots for trusting them at all and it should be war or conflict, or whether it was just Fissival.
Two groups with larger Gnoll memberships were facing each other down over that very issue, while the majority Drake gangs decided not to go out for the next week and let their rivals hit each other.
There was a commentary there, although it might have been ‘when you’re angry, you tend to hit people’.
This particular fight was going south. Two gangs of mostly young men, not [Thugs], but [Street Brawlers], [Toughs], and even, rarely, ordinary [City Folk], were watching two fighters beat each other until one was unconscious or gave up. And since giving up wasn’t really an option, it was until one was unconscious or it turned into a full-on melee.
…It was going one way. They had a [Bruiser] in one corner who outweighed all his opponents by about thirty pounds. As much fat as muscle, and there was blood on the ground as his opponent tried to shield his face. He was about to bring both fists down over his opponent’s head as the other, smaller gang watched with that kind of terrible certainty of what would come next.
“Pardon me, gents. I think that poor fellow’s had enough.”
The [Bruiser] stopped, and the Gnolls and Drakes turned to see…a Gnoll and a Drake. But a dapper pair. Especially the Gnoll. They looked around for the Watch, but seeing no one, the [Bruiser] shouted.
“Clear off!”
