8.55 L
Page 2
“I believe the latter, Ser Sest. Her Majesty expressed a…conviction which I will not bring up to Her Highness. Dame Ushar may.”
“Thank you, Ser Lormel. I look forwards to that conversation. How did Her Majesty know, pray? I am aware of many Skills in this world. That one seems like a [Mother]’s Skill…? I did not know Her Majesty had that class.”
Dalimont raised his brows. [Mother] could be a class? Lormel was in danger of severe dehydration. He patted furiously with his handkerchief.
“All I will say. All I will say is this: Princess Lyonette’s bridal price—her estimated dowry? It, ah, seems to have undergone rapid changes in value, and Her Majesty took particular note of the reasons why. Now, I would like to drop the line of conversation, please. Where is Her Highness right now?”
Under guard, or else they would have never let all four stay away from her. Dalimont didn’t envy the coming conversation. Nor…he sighed.
“With Lady Magnolia Reinhart. Downstairs. Did their Majesties say anything about that…?”
Lormel nodded.
“Yes. I believe it was, ‘get her away from Magnolia Reinhart as quickly as possible’. Ah…adjusting for language.”
Of the many things that could happen to a [Princess], from ransoming to kidnapping via enemies of the crown, Magnolia Reinhart apparently ranked up there with those threats. Dalimont glanced towards the doors and stairs of the mansion in which they had conducted their rapid report.
Bring Lyonette home. With a city under siege, in a continent of Drakes and Gnolls, and with Ailendamus at war. Oh—and the [Princess] being completely unwilling to do so and having bodyguards and allies that included Magnolia Reinhart, a Named Adventurer, and two men with hats.
Ser Sest’s lips moved as he calculated all that.
“So, at best speed, Ser Lormel?”
“As fast as can be managed safely and securely.”
Ser Sest nodded. He looked around, surprisingly calmly given the other Thronebearers’ expressions. Dalimont raised his brows in inquiry, and Ser Sest shrugged.
“I believe I shall rent a lot in one of the public gardens tomorrow. We may have time for a few harvests at best speed.”
 
——
 
Ser Sest was a funny man in the end. You had to appreciate wit like that.
“Ressa, are you alright?”
The [Maid] stopped stifling laughter. She coughed, stood straight, and her face returned to something like her usual implacable demeanor.
“Simply a coughing fit, milady.”
Magnolia Reinhart eyed Ressa over her brunch, fork resting against the delicate slice of cake. Lyonette du Marquin took that moment to lower her fork for good. She sat with Magnolia Reinhart, [Lady] to [Princess].
“I see. Well then…Lyonette, will you not have any more cake? Do forgive me, it’s Your Highness now, isn’t it? The Creler is out of the bag.”
“So it seems. Please, Lyonette or Miss Marquin is eminently preferable, Lady Reinhart.”
The [Lady] nodded, then sighed delicately. She took another bite of cake.
“Yet you don’t call me ‘Magnolia’. Quite distressing—but excellent manners. I can see you are well-equipped for high society in any nation you would find yourself in. Do you know more than Terandrian protocol, by any chance? Do help yourself to more cake. Such lovely cake. It was one of the few things I insisted the young people teach my [Cooks] before they left, well, that powder that makes it happen. So useful.”
Lyonette hesitated. She eyed the cake, and Magnolia Reinhart’s customary cup of tea.
