8.55 L
Page 42
And yet—something prompted Rafaema. She dug her claws into the carpet and the five servants lurched. Reynold eyed Rafaema as she dragged all five, pulling herself forwards.
“You…you know…”
Magnolia Reinhart looked up as Rafaema slowed, panting. Reynold carefully lifted a cosh, and Magnolia lifted a hand.
“One moment, Reynold.”
They faced each other. Magnolia Reinhart peered at Rafaema, almost as unsure—no, more unsure than Rafaema. The Dragon drew a little closer and saw Ressa shift.
But she didn’t want to hurt Magnolia. Rafaema inhaled again. Yes…yes. It was faint, but she had never been this close to Magnolia before. Far fainter for some reason. Because of perfume? But she was attuned to it now, because of Lyonette.
It was the same smell. Rafaema’s eyes went round and Magnolia gave her a blank look.
“Ressa. Why is she sniffing m—”
Her brows drew together. Ressa sat up. Slowly, Rafaema breathed.
“You know…you knew I was in danger. You spoke to me. You knew. You know—”
“Reynold, the kosh to the back of the head, thank you. Toss her out.”
“No!”
Suddenly, Rafaema threw all five servants off her. She pointed at Magnolia and Ressa was there, wine cup in hand, sipping it. Not with dagger in hand, but even so!
And she smelled like…and it was even on the butler! How hadn’t she noticed? Well, simple. One didn’t get close to any of them that much.
“You—you know…”
Magnolia Reinhart looked at Rafaema’s stunned face. She sighed, then looked about.
“I suspect the Hunt Commander is on his way, and I will not have it said that I accosted Lady Rafaema. Reynold? Intercept him and explain the situation should he arrive too early.”
“At once, Lady Reinhart.”
The [Butler] strode away, his artificial legs moving rapidly across the carpet. Rafaema sat down.
Since no one put a chair behind her, she sat on the carpet. Magnolia Reinhart pursed her lips. She looked like she was thinking hard.
“Where are they? How many? How do you know? You knew about me. Do you know…?”
The word danced on Rafaema’s lips, unspoken, but Magnolia Reinhart read words that weren’t there. They didn’t need to say it. Perhaps it was dangerous, even here.
Certainly, the other five servants were instantly ordered away. Ressa poured a deep cup of wine and began sipping. After a second, she produced a snack and began crunching in the background as she watched.
“I’m afraid I have no idea as to what you’re speaking of, Wall Lady Rafaema. And I suggest, for the benefit of all, we leave it there after this is said and done.”
“Leave it—are you insane?”
Magnolia Reinhart’s eyes narrowed slightly.
“Are you?”
The Lightning Dragon looked at her. Magnolia Reinhart pointed a finger at Rafaema’s chest.
“Whatever you may suspect, my dear, and I deeply regret not knowing that part of biology—it must be magical. Ressa?”
“Already on it. Magical skunks, the lot of ‘em.”
Rafaema jerked. They were so casual about it.
“So it’s true?”
Magnolia Reinhart rolled her eyes skywards.
“My dear, I know it is an earth shattering revelation and no doubt greatly joyous and hopeful and all of the following, but keep up. And understand—this will do you no good.”
“But—!”
“You are Lady Rafaema, ward of Manus. I am Magnolia Reinhart. I trust Manus as far as I can throw the entire city, and Manus trusts me as much as they can throw all of Izril. You will, regretfully, keep whatever you suspect to yourself or it will be complicated for all of us.”
Magnolia sighed, rubbing at her forehead.
