8.55 L
Page 21
Lyonette began taking orders like the [Server] she was. Bemused, the other guests watched as she marched about. Dame Ushar kept looking horrified, but Dalimont and Sest were pointed to the table to clear it of breakfast while Lormel kept watch. Even the Oteslian Watch got an order, and Lyonette was giving people cups of things to drink and—enjoying herself.
It was a measure of control. No—she enjoyed the looks the Thronebearers gave her. She gave Ushar a glance as she passed.
You see? It wasn’t what Magnolia Reinhart would have her do. This did nothing but fill someone’s stomach, and you could pay for that. But it was a practical skill.
“Alright. I need to make a flatdough for a proper wrap and, Ser Lormel, the ingredients are not poisoned! Begone!”
The Thronebearer jumped. He had traded with Ushar to enter the kitchen. He turned as Lyonette marched over to him; he was slicing up some of the vegetables to look for, what, hidden needles? Attack Fraerlings? There weren’t even any on Izril!
“Your Highness, I wasn’t simply checking for poison…it is quite unbecoming for a [Princess] to cook! Please, allow us to at least handle the menial tasks!”
“You? I’d trust you to cook as much as I’d trust Relc to—”
Lyonette paused as she stared at the tomato that Ser Lormel had been handling. She eyed it, then gingerly poked it—
And it fell sideways into perfectly symmetrical slices. Lyonette blinked. Then she saw Lormel had diced the washed vegetables into small bits for adding into a wrap. She looked sideways and saw a deboned chicken.
“How did you…?”
“A Thronebearer is skilled at all arts. Isn’t that so, Ser Dalimont?”
The man looked up from pulling flour out of the cupboards.
“Some more than others, Ser Lormel. He has [Advanced Cooking], Princess. I believe you even made snacks in the night for Princess Ellet.”
“When necessary.”
Lormel stroked his thin beard modestly. Lyonette, who had never been impressed by the martial prowess of the Thronebearers…felt no need to change her appraisal on that account. But their other abilities? She hesitated.
“Well…you can chop up the vegetables. I need to make the dough properly, and I don’t quite remember how. So—it will be a [Flawless Attempt].”
Lormel blinked as he saw Lyonette march over with perfect confidence and begin rapidly mixing the dough. He turned to Dalimont, and then the doorway. Half of those in the rapidly-filling estate stared inside the kitchen. A larger Drake with purple scales who wasn’t Ilvriss rubbed his claws together.
“She can cook too? First the Winebreath Blaster, now the art of cooking your guests a meal. You, Your Highness, would be an excellent [Diplomat].”
Nerul Gemscale smiled as Lyonette du Marquin turned, greatly surprised. He waved a claw.
“I don’t suppose I could put in an order for something filled with pork? My companion, Miss Xesci, is partial to beans. If you need a hand in the kitchen, I have been known to impress when called upon.”
 
——
 
What a strange, familiar sight. And only like this could you get meetings that would never have occurred naturally. For instance, Wilovan stopped as he was handed the first wrap and offered it very politely to Hunt Commander Makhir.
“For you, sir? Unless you’re waiting on one special.”
“Ah—not for me, thank you. I’m just esc—”
Makhir caught himself as Rafaema turned and glared. He hesitated, then took the wrap and eyed it. He sniffed, found it smelled quite good, and then looked at Wilovan.
“Er, a pleasure. Makhir of Manus.”
“Wilovan. A pleasure it is, sir.”
