8.55 L
Page 11
The two Gentlemen Callers stood there. Ratici nodded slowly.
“A fine fellow. That’s a feeling and a half, Wilovan.”
“Indeed it is, Ratici. And I think—we should repay the feeling. Too many close calls. Too much slow business. Miss Lyonette’s well attended with those [Knights], fine looking fellows, and that lady. It’s a bit of a relief, Ratici. I don’t think we’ll take another bodyguard job, do you?”
“Not at all, Wilovan. Us sorts are more direct. We forgot that—the Tall Man meant well, but it was a rare misplay.”
Wilovan pulled out a plain vest and breeches.
“Indeed it was, Ratici. To work?”
“To work.”
They nodded at each other. The two men adjusted their clothing in the handy full-length wall mirror, with pocket mirrors to check their backs and sides. Wilovan pointed out a ruffled sleeve; Ratici brushed Wilovan’s shoulder free of a bit of lint. Clothes straightened, they strolled out the door, smiling.
It was a fine day. There was a certain air to it. The day after you nearly died helped, but it was a smell in the air, a lovely lady to look at—
“Good morning, Miss Onieva. You are a dashing sight, if I may be so bold.”
“Well, well. Look who it is! Come on over—Xif, stop sleeping in breakfast. The heroes of yesterday are here.”
Onieva waved, a huge smile on her face as Mirn turned and Xif raised his head from a fat stack of various…pancakes? Ratici tipped his hat and sat down with alacrity as Wilovan smiled and shook his head.
“A wonderful morning to you too, Alchemist Xif, sir. Mister Mirn. Is Miss Lyonette already out?”
“Headed to visit Magnolia Reinhart, I think. You two are up fast. Did you heal all up?”
“Nothing worth mentioning, sir. What have we here? A sight for sore eyes.”
Xif stared at Wilovan as the Gnoll rubbed his paws together.
“You were stabbed two dozen times! Even the best healing potion doesn’t just put you together.”
Wilovan gave a huge wink to the [Alchemist].
“Ah, nothing a night’s rest won’t solve, Alchemist Xif. A fellow knows how to roll with a few punches and any day you don’t lose a digit is a net positive, eh?”
“Er…yes? That’s a very [Alchemist] concept too. Even so. Please, help yourself! Someone bought breakfast and—we have pancakes.”
“Pancakes? Are they that, sir? I’ve never seen them so…colorful.”
Ratici eyed the various colors. Onieva laughed.
“Mirn ran out to get them. He’s good at finding food to buy—not that any of us are good [Cooks]. You’d think an [Alchemist] would know how, but Xif is completely incapable.”
The Gnoll grumbled as she nudged him.
“I’m not as bad as Saliss. I just have no patience for it. Kneading and taste being the objective. No proper safety measures either. Flour explodes, you know.”
Onieva rolled her eyes. She began pointing as Wilovan began loading his plate high and Ratici did the same.
“Different pancakes. Yellat-pancake, obviously. Potato, carrot, wheats—I think there’s four different kinds of flour. The black one’s made of Ashwheat. Some kind of meat pancake, flower pancake. I mean…flower. As in the bright little things bees like, not wheat-based. Four vegetable-pancakes—and we’ve got honey, syrups, jam…”
The Gentlemen Callers sighed. Now there was a filling breakfast. Enough butter to stop a heart, a slathering of syrup, and each pancake was a different bite. They began putting away a tremendous amount of food as Mirn eyed the dapper pair with clear appreciation. Excellent table-manners. Onieva and Xif were completely unrepentant slobs anywhere but the alchemy station.
“So what’s your plan for the day? Onieva and I might be going for a walk. Xif?”
