8.55 L
Page 49
It was in her. In her smile. A pure age that Maviola El had never achieved. In some ways, never needed. Had she wanted it?
Lyonette du Marquin grew older in a second and a moment. Older—yet she smiled. She smiled and relaxed, despite the news and short lines of text doing the opposite for her minders.
Ser Lormel broke out into a cold sweat. Dame Ushar and Ser Sest watched Lyonette like hawks. Dalimont? He just looked thoughtfully at her and saw the 6th Princess of Calanfer change.
It came after a day of introducing herself once more to Oteslia’s great and powerful. Meaningless, meaningful. A chance stop at the Mage’s Guild to see if there was any news.
There was, for Erin’s cure. There was news from abroad and home. And a lot of spam mail.
Among it, one letter. Just a short letter, three sentences so short you could write them on a single slip. That was why she had noticed it.
It said everything.
 
I’m here. Find me with everyone, Mother. I miss you.
 
Lyonette du Marquin smiled. Despite knowing what it meant. She was able to understand where it had to surely come from. She understood the danger, both heightened and lessened.
How had she gotten there? Why? What was happening? She didn’t know. And—that last line.
 
I miss you.
 
It spoke to a silent cry. She was needed and she was not there. She had been helpless when her daughter went missing, and she still was.
Even now, Lyonette knew, Zeres’ army was moving. Portions turning on the Meeting of Tribes. Drake armies were crossing the water line. The hunters were out there.
Yet she smiled. It was not a happy smile. Relieved? It was a bit that, but it was not any of those words at the heart of it. Determined—perhaps.
Something stronger. It was the smile of someone who had waited in uncertainty and grief. Despair and fear. Waited, lost, adrift, helpless, unable to do everything that she had to do.
This was the relief: the call had come. A location, a place. Now—she could throw everything towards that goal. Neither hell nor high water nor Thronebearers nor armies would stop her.
“Your Highness. You have a visitor.”
Ser Dalimont spoke as Lyonette retired to her rooms. She looked up. It was not Wilovan and Ratici, nor Ilvriss, nor even Xif or Rickel. This was a time of action. And time…time was running out.
Even for people who had forever. They could not wait any more.
“Wall Lady Rafaema. And…Cire. Lord Cirediel.”
The two stopped in the room as Ser Dalimont stood to attention. Lyonette addressed him.
“Ser Dalimont, you may leave us.”
He eyed the two. Rafaema offered him her sword. The Thronebearer hesitated.
“As you will, Princess.”
He shut the door, despite the argument with Dame Ushar. Lyonette did not fear danger. And perhaps Dalimont had seen their expressions.
“How can I help you, Wall Lady Rafaema? ‘Raef’?”
Her eyes narrowed. Rafaema started and glared at Cire, whose face said it all in extra-large type. Lyonette nodded to herself.
“I—apologize, Your Highness. I—was hoping to speak with you privately, and I thank you for making the time. I have a delicate issue I would like to bring up, but the matter is touchy. Exceedingly touchy.”
Lyonette raised her brows. Cire looked vaguely alarmed.
“Raef, are you sure?”
“Absolutely. This is highly confidential, Your Highness. I don’t believe I need to spell things out. I would like to ask some questions, if I may. And if we understand each other, perhaps we can elucidate.”
The [Princess] saw the cautious way Rafaema eyed her. She wondered what Rafaema saw, because she was drawing a blank. So she smiled.
My daughter is in the Meeting of Tribes.
