8.56
Page 0

Questions. They woke him in dreaming. Normally, he dreamed of nothing, not even ambition. The world ended in between the time his eyes closed and opened. Rarely, he had dreams.
In this one, he was chasing something. Fighting through dark waves breaking on an endless beach. Chasing something. An idea.
Something—which, in his dreaming state, he knew was ungraspable. It was like a thought experiment. How could you conceptualize something you had never seen? But via dream logic, he knew that if he saw it, caught it, he would understand all that he could not.
Onwards he ran, though he did not truly run. He wriggled, he dove, his body coiling. He flew, chasing after it, and realized what it was the closer he got. That damned Human, black hair blowing in some storm, hanging onto her glider. Not her. She was carrying something.
He reached for it, trying to swallow her. A vast Wyrm, chasing after…what? A shiny bauble, an orb, like a memory. Something it contained was so very precious. He stared at it and realized it was a people.
His people. Some kingdom he had never fathomed, an empire no mortal species could encompass. Rhisveri Zessoprical realized, remembered—
He had only ever met Wyrms related to him. True Wyrms, that was. The only adult Wyrm he had ever laid eyes on was his mother, and only in death. But that kingdom—
Rhisveri dove and woke up. The Wyrm jerked to wakefulness in the palace of Ailendamus. A rare nap. He uncoiled as he looked around, tensed—then realized he was squeezed around his ‘bed’.
Which, to be clear, was nothing as depraved as a bed of gold and artifacts. You crushed valuables that way; even gold got dirty. No, like his…as Rhisveri had found, he slept easiest when coiled around something.
In this case, one of the support pillars of this section of the palace. It was quite reinforced with his own magic, so even he couldn’t simply pull it out. Rhisveri was actually amid a sea of pillars, huge, towering columns stretching up to the vast ceiling above him.
The rare visitors felt it resembled a maze—and it did—but they had no notion of why you would make something like this. The upkeep in cleaning alone! All this empty space—for what? Encouraging giant spiders?
It was a Wyrm’s home, that was why. Cleaning? That was what magic was for. Idiots. Rhisveri grunted. Normally, he demanded a certain cultural magnificence from any additions to the palace, but this was just lightly crenellated stone in circular pillars of granite. Each one reinforced by magic, yes, and worn smooth in places since no [Masons] were called to maintain them—in a few places they had crumbled downwards and the stone removed.
Why, though? They weren’t even symmetrically placed about, some grouped together, others conspicuously alone. A strange palace.
When I die, if I am not revealed, perhaps some fools will repurpose this like the Dragonthrones. Claim it was some kind of magnificent art-piece, or use it as an actual maze.
The thought amused him. Rhisveri uncoiled from the largest pillar and began navigating his resting place. Why all of it? Well, the answer was clear if you saw him.
Rhisveri snaked left and right, his massive, hundreds-of-feet-long body, taller than any Human by multiple times, zig-zagged along through the pillars. He struck, undulating his body and shooting forwards like lesser snakes, and climbed, twisting himself around the pillars, using friction to maneuver in three dimensions.
