8.56
Page 16
Azemith pursed her lips and she and Gadrea locked eyes. It had to be said, the Lucifen, for all her imposing power and poise, was always going to lose a staring contest with an Agelum. Visophecin cut the hanging tension like a sword through a noose.
“That is one issue, Azemith. The other is that Courier Griffin is represented by powers. Who she could name. I believe you would regret it if you pushed her to that point.”
The Lucifen both eyed Ryoka, and Azemith’s eyes flickered. She smiled, but drew back a bit.
“Ah. That does make it interesting. Well, I will put the offer forwards. If Miss Griffin wishes it, I would happily make an opening in any day or night.”
Ryoka stared at her. Yeah. Wow.
She was still far more scared of Gadrea than Azemith, but that was something alright. And yet…Ryoka looked at Visophecin.
See, this was the trap she fell into last time with the Viscount. If you run, or don’t slap them in the face, they will go after you. Because they are your predators. So, Ryoka pushed.
“I’m not looking for anything involved after the last incident so soon, Lady Azemith. Also, not you, with respect. We mortals have unpresuming standards, but you might want to change tacks if you ever tried that in the Court of the Winter Fae.”
She was rewarded with a slack-faced expression from Azemith—right before her husband/partner smiled, and Gadrea and Razia started howling with laughter. Azemith’s eyes narrowed, but even Visophecin was amused. She stared at Ryoka, then sat back.
“Well, that’s new.”
Ryoka Griffin was vibrating with nervous energy, but she turned. The thing about mistakes was…the thing about the past and growing was…you tried not to make the same mistakes. So she took a breath, thought fast, and went.
“Let me see. Satan is one. Abbadon, Mephistopheles, Asmodeus, Beelzebub, uh, and, um, Chernabog? Those would all be names of famous Devils—which is what we call the Lucifen. Oh, Lucifer is also a name associated with the Devil, which is how I knew Visophecin in a moment. You may want to reconsider that given how they’re viewed across worlds. Does any of that sound familiar in your history?”
The smiles and laughter stopped. Visophecin sat up. Ryoka Griffin smiled nervously. The shots were fired. Fithea’s head rose from her corner.
Let’s dance. Ryoka Griffin was a striking cobra, a weaving reed in the wind. A…okay, that was an exaggeration. But anyone who had ever known her would have to have a lie down. Because the tea?
“Menorkel. Menorkel!”
The Titan looked down. He was rewarded with a wet Lucifen glaring at him. He’d tipped half his cup onto her head.
He began to apologize, but he kept looking at Ryoka as she kept talking. Because she had the immortals by the gonads, assuming they had any. Ryoka Griffin sat, shifting with nervous energy. And this is what she said, for the first time ever in Ryoka-history.
“We have legends of Angels and Devils in my world. Devil, really. Some people think there’s only one, so they’d call a number ‘Demons’, maybe. Heaven and Hell. Good and evil. But they are legends. Mythology. It’s completely different from stories of Griffins or Dryads or even Titans. A different…”
Theology.
“…culture. Different cultures, which I suppose you understand. You have the genuine article. Manticores, Griffins, Hydras. We have stories about them.”
They looked at her, some wide-eyed like the Merfolk, others focused on her like a laser, like Fithea, desperate to know. Menorkel was like that; Gilaw was just curious, scooting closer, wide-eyed.
