8.56
Page 41
A radiant figure warned him. He quelled his tongue as the Faerie King lifted a palm, but that calm gaze of fall made Ryoka and Rhisveri shake.
Yet the Wyrm spoke. He looked at Ryoka, and, even now, the cunning glance made her search ahead of his words. Understanding…
“I have been offended by your subjects and Ryoka Griffin, who claims friendship with your lands. She attempted to steal something that belonged to me. An object beyond any value I can name. I am minded to forgive her—and that is a petty squabble. But the Wind Runner, Ryoka Griffin, desires that which I cannot use. Which I will not trade for any value she possesses.”
The Fae listened. Rhisveri spoke. And something floated in front of him. A simple scroll, this one long, with a wooden handle. Ryoka shivered as she saw it. It felt…warm in her very soul. She felt alive, and the Faerie King said nothing as Rhisveri lifted it up for all to see.
“I know not if you have the like in your world. Or if it is mundane. I think not. I have one object in my possession. It is called a Scroll of Resurrection, and it can revive any being. Even me.”
The Court of the Fae had been rustling, the Wyrms nervously murmuring, the Dragons—even the Kings three waving to Ryoka. Suddenly—they went silent.
All eyes fixed on the scroll. Disbelieving. Incredulous. Magic, bottled like that? Melidore choked. That was not—
But the rules there. Nama’s grip touched one of the simple healing potions Ryoka had given her. And suddenly—she was staring at the scroll too.
“One life. One life—even your own if you have someone you trust. But if you have none? No one can afford it in this world that I know. Nor would I risk it.”
Rhisveri looked at her and Ryoka knew. You clever bastard. You—
She leapt, the wind rushing behind her, but he lifted a hand and she fell. No. Rhisveri watched as Oberon sat there. And even he looked at the scroll.
“Everyone has someone. Everyone but a Wyrm. I offer it. For a worthy price. If it can be paid, if you will accede to part of the trade—I will exchange it for something of equal value.”
The Wyrm smiled and Ryoka sank to her knees. Because he was right. She looked into that vision of another place and at them.
The three Kings of Camelot. Who had loved and lost and who had left their kingdom. Who would one day return. Their eyes were fixed on the scroll.
The Dragons, eyes opened wide, pointing, striding forwards to be blocked by the Faerie King’s guards.
The Wyrms, who stared at Rhisveri with admiration and lust for the magnificent bastard play, even by their standards. Sikeri blew Rhisveri a kiss, and he preened slightly.
Even Nama. Nama, who had once told Ryoka her home was empty because…
Ivolethe and the Court of the Fae were silent. Staring at the scroll. Ryoka’s best friend looked across the divide and gave Ryoka a sad nod.
It is never easy, is it? Ryoka Griffin knelt there as Rhisveri smiled. Oberon’s lips moved. He lifted a hand, and the gates began to close. But—oh, dead gods. Dead gods and fae and cunning Wyrms. Even the Faerie King. Ryoka stared at the empty throne, and Rhisveri laughed in delight.
For the greatest auction in any world had just begun.
 
——
 
Ryoka Griffin did not speak to Rhisveri after that. He offered her food, put the scroll away, and was the very model of a host. Would you care for a drink? A game of chess? I am so indebted to you—why don’t we forget about the thief incident? Full pardon.
She was sick. She stumbled towards her room, ignoring Visophecin, face white. Rhisveri had stopped her on the way out of his chambers.
