8.56
Page 25
You big, fat liar. ‘I can’t understand empathy’ my missing fingers. He might not have understood it in other people, but for his kind, the immortals?
All of them. All of them in some way were here and enjoying themselves. Even the [Knights], who looked almost overwhelmed by the Agelum’s response and support. Even Ryoka.
Except for him.
Duke Rhisveri Zessoprical stood there, watching the festivities, refusing food, in the shade of a tree. He glared at everything and everyone, and when a Sariant Lamb—the flock of whom went around begging to be petted, fed macaroni and cheese, or bathed in their regular soap baths—came over, he leaned down, and said something that sent it running into the manor.
Ryoka saw Rhisveri’s expression. At last, it came to her. Like a revelation from heaven—not anyone else, just heaven—itself. Like a beam of insight from a celestial source.
She knew what to do. She had half-succeeded on the rest. Standing up to him, scaring him with Oberon, tempting him with the obols, earning his respect by flying?
All half-measures. All the wrong thing for Rhisveri the Wyrm. Yet now—Ryoka had been playing against a top-tier opponent. A Level 80 [Wyrm Of No Good Humor] if he had a class. Well, this was her field, and now he was a Level 10 [Party Pooper]. And she?
“Rhisveri. Do you not enjoy this kind of thing?”
“I prefer solitude. Especially over…what are you eating?”
Ryoka Griffin approached with a bowl of macaroni and cheese. She showed it to him and his expression said it all.
“Mortals with stomachs that need to be filled. Is that…they aren’t maggots covered in sauce? I swear that one moved.”
Ryoka stared down at her bowl and wasn’t hungry any more.
“No. Just food. You don’t see anything you want to take part in?”
“Should I lower myself to playing your games? Do you think I’d enjoy that, Ryoka Griffin?”
He dared her to say yes. But Ryoka shook her head.
“Honestly, no. It’s probably why Menorkel doesn’t feel like playing. He’s too good.”
Rhisveri hesitated. He nodded once at the young man, whose true form was hidden behind a half-Giant with a mop of brown hair.
“Precisely. He cannot even unveil his form, even smaller, here. They make concessions for you. Some…enjoy it.”
He looked at the Agelum. Ryoka nodded.
“This can’t challenge you, even if you were in your real form. I understand. Are there any games that…your people play?”
He frowned at her. Rhisveri’s eyes flickered.
“Games? Do you think we…play games for fun of this mundane variety?”
“Surely there are some. I did wonder. There are more than just three…Wyrms in the lands of the Fae. I wondered what they did all day. It must be difficult, being peerless.”
Ryoka watched Rhisveri carefully. His face slowly changed. The Wyrm looked at Ryoka, around House Shoel’s manor, and muttered.
“Pit nations against me. That is…true. Pit nations against my intelligence and drive, because no mortals rise to it. Not in this era. The Deaths of Rhir? Perhaps. But no others. The true rulers of this land are these and perhaps…”
He looked at Visophecin, then Fithea, then…Menorkel.
“I am first of all. First without match. You are right there, Human.”
Then his eyes were tired. For a moment, before he caught himself, glared at Ryoka, and conjured a bowl of the food to sample and then frown at. He did his best, but Ryoka Griffin stood there.
You poor soul. It was no longer his game or battle. He was a mighty Wyrm, but he was a Level 15 [Macaroni Critic] up against a Level 200 [Depression Spreader].
Ryoka Griffin, call if you want to feel sad.
