8.56
Page 13
“Marvelous, isn’t it? Some kind of battered ‘cone’ and ice cream. The children love it. Apparently the Wind Runner suggested it.”
“I—really? When?”
Uzine smiled.
“Fifteen minutes ago. Our [Chef] is one of the best in the region and they had been experimenting—I think she told her the recipe, which will be a savings. A remarkable young woman.”
His eyes flickered left. Chorisa bit her tongue. Who was she? But then…part of her job was not to ask.
There was a split in House Shoel that any visitor could see. Uzine, the wheelchair or even bed-ridden folk with bright smiles, and the stately, reserved group with Visophecin. Cousins?
They were noticeably different. The Lucifen walked past the children, said curt ‘hellos’ to the cheery servants, and only truly interacted with each other—and the Agelum. They were respectful to the Agelum, although now and then Chorisa saw a few expressions slip out.
“Paxere. Come meet Dame Chorisa. Have you seen the ice cream cones? The children love them.”
A young woman in a dark suit stopped, looked at Uzine, and smiled. She nodded to Dame Chorisa.
“Thirsting Veil. Excuse me, Uzine. I must meet the Wind Runner.”
“Do take an ice cream cone. And introduce yourself to the staff—you hardly visit.”
She smiled, but Chorisa saw the faint exasperation in her expression. Resigned, tolerant—she nodded politely and moved on.
Such a curious place. Uzine was no fool, but he smiled, content with the exchange. Then he swivelled one eye to stare at Chorisa.
Only one eye. He had complete control over both. He saw her jump and smiled.
“Forgive me. As you can see, my family was exposed to magic radiation long ago in our bloodlines. We suffer for it. Our cousins, Viscount Visophecin chief among them, take care of us.”
“I see, my lord. I…I’m sorry. Is it…?”
She didn’t see any children, only the adults, all of whom had white or pale hair, regardless of skin tone. Uzine gave her a smile.
“We are the last ones. I don’t believe we’d want to inflict this on children, would you? We’re quite plentiful enough, even so. It’s simply how life is.”
“I see.”
Now there was a conversation-ender if ever she heard one, but Uzine said it straight off, without blinking. It was, and somehow it made things easier to hear it directly.
“It is my delight to spend my days among Shoel’s folk. And, frankly, we keep up with the news and help Ailendamus as best we may. I am glued to that scrying orb, and I was reading newspapers the instant they came out…we also make small recommendations the Viscount passes along.”
Chorisa gulped. There was a reminder that this was an important person. Who wanted her…Uzine gave her a keen look.
“You are in some difficulty at court over yesterday, aren’t you?”
Chorisa turned bright red. She began to bow.
“My lord, I cannot—”
Uzine leaned forwards, searching around for children.
“Well done. A Courier down? I knew a lad who told me he’d bedded a Courier, Named-rank adventurer, and was trying for a [Prince] to complete the set. Even had hopes of running away. Poor fellow. He died in a duel, and I never found out whether he managed it. They used to put Archmages on that list, but it was too hard, so the trinity was those three. But if you add [General], [Grand Magus], and [Captain], that’s six.”
Dame Chorisa stared at Uzine, wondering how close to death the real Chorisa was. Sunburst fever, that was what she had. They were probably preparing her family for the worst.
“Sir…? I don’t take your meaning.”
He laughed.
