8.56
Page 9
Ailendamus was large. House Shoel was far away from the capital’s heart, having been established later into Ailendamus’ admittedly short reign, and granted new lands, which they had managed for what were now multiple generations.
These factors meant that a ‘jaunt’ across the vast nation with a landmass equivalent to the Great Plains of Izril was generally impossible unless you were a Courier, or used the relays of horses and carriages that allowed people to travel at great need. Or you had a pet Griffin or magic on par with Wistram.
Since Viscount Visophecin had all these things, they got there. It was surreal, to ride under a mass [Haste] spell.
Even the horses were freaking out a bit, checking their own legs to make sure they were still attached given how fast they were going. The people?
The Order of the Thirsting Veil’s [Elite Knights] bodyguard was in full freak, with a possible addendum on panic. They were under no illusions on what came next, but they were still under oath, so they rode in a kind of subdued conversation. When they returned…
Ryoka Griffin was ahead of them, riding on a horse next to Viscount Visophecin. The old Ryoka charm struck again—which was simultaneously attracting immortals from the Devil himself to Fithea, Gilaw, Menorkel, and five of the Merfolk awkwardly riding horses—and making other people’s lives worse.
They were going to lose their jobs—possibly worse. Ryoka was petitioning Visophecin for help—which was a risky move given who he was. However, the Viscount just looked blandly amused.
“This would normally be something I would call a favor. However, in lieu of everything else—I do not think Rhisveri would object.”
“You’re sure? The Queen—”
Had cussed them out with language Ryoka hadn’t heard from even Wailant, while shielding her daughter’s curious eyes. Sammial had just given Ryoka a look of mild betrayal. Now, Ryoka felt Visophecin’s eyes on her.
“Rhisveri is a practical being. He dislikes waste, and the Order of the Thirsting Veil are highly valuable warriors. The ones stationed in the capital most of all. If anything, I am curious how you managed that…event. That would normally fall under my purview.”
He smiled, darkly amused. Ryoka was beet red.
“It wasn’t anything graphic!”
“Indeed?”
Nemed tried to ride forwards. The Merfolk young man was exceptionally interested in this conversation, although he sometimes forgot you moved your feet independently of one another and not like a giant flipper, and so fell flat on his face. Visophecin’s head turned and the young man decided to ride in the back.
The only person not on horseback was Menorkel. Even shapechanged, he was too tall, being a half-Giant in appearance. So he was flying ahead on a sulking Griffin, black, silver, and blonde-feathered, the largest Griffin that Ryoka had ever seen.
Gilaw. Visophecin was not impressed, so Ryoka went back to trying to explain in circuitous terms what had happened.
What had happened? Well—exactly what Ryoka had once offered. Which was the fight club. The ‘line up to punch Ryoka for things she’s done or said to you’ free-for-all. She had thought there was a market there and sure enough, when they realized she was serious, Dame Chorisa, Lacres, Indella, and Aine, the four on Ryoka babysitting duty, had agreed to settle things.
Mainly by engaging in a one-on-one fist-fight, no armor, no Skills, not to the death or anyone getting maimed. Still fairly violent, since healing potions would cover most wounds.
