8.56
Page 39
“No. No, I told you—you cannot offer me anything. I know its worth. Even useless—a hundred thousand Ryokas could offer nothing close.”
Then why risk it? The Wyrm had a gleeful look in his eyes. Why tell Ryoka if he didn’t intend to let her have it or bargain? Ryoka frowned.
“I must have it. My friend—”
“I know. Don’t you think I know? Everyone wants a scroll like that. Most believe it is a figment, but it is not. I know you will not relent—and you are an emissary. I cannot kill you.”
Rhisveri slithered back and forth. Ryoka felt her stomach sinking. And yet…his tone was sinking ominously. What was going to happen? Mind-erased? A spell?
“I am a friend of the Fair Folk of Avalon, Rhisveri Zessoprical. I have wronged you, but I will do everything I can to defend myself. I remind you of that.”
The Wyrm hissed. His body was coiling inwards, now, no longer giving her space. Closer and closer, walls of scales.
“Oh, I know. You threaten me in my home. You persuade me with every factor, from greed to passion to fear. You want what I am not willing to trade. Not to you. But you are dangerous. You know what hides in Rhir. You have things I want, but you and I both have a point where we will never cross. And I cannot force you…or can I? Go ahead. Try and stop me. I could pull your mind apart. Turn you into a dancing puppet. I could sell you to Roshal or simply kill you. Go ahead. Stop me. Say that name.”
Ryoka was shuddering. But—why was he threatening her? He had not seemed as wrathful at her. She thought they had understood each other, or at least, she him, and he had appreciated it.
“Rhisveri—”
“Say it.”
She refused to. The Wyrm was so close now she felt the coils constricting her. If he so much as sneezed she would be squished. He opened his maw, and venom pooled there. Ryoka waited, tensed—and then Rhisveri uncoiled. He moved his head back and laughed softly.
“You would be far better if you were of our nature. Mortality is wasted on you. Alas, you play too well. Do not flinch, brave Courier. I will still win. Or did you forget? I have a voice, the same as you. So I say it. Oberon.”
Ryoka Griffin recoiled. Her eyes went round. Rhisveri’s tail flicked and something flew through the air. It landed, scattering about, then reforming. She saw broken stones—familiar stone, from the very heart of the palace, rising into the air. Forming…an arch.
“Rhisveri!”
The Wyrm looked at her. His mouth opened wide. Do you see it yet?
“You can offer me nothing. But perhaps…Oberon! I invoke you!”
The stones rose, hovering in the air. The Wyrm raised his head as the Wind Runner shouted. He threw his head back and roared to the heavens.
“OBERON!”
For a moment, nothing happened. Ryoka, even Rhisveri, froze, sweating, hearts pounding in tandem in fear as he said it. Ryoka—nothing would happen, surely? He had never been there. The gateway broke! Nothing would…
She felt something happening. A strange sensation at her side. Ryoka Griffin slapped a hand to something odd. She had never felt that—she looked down and froze.
Her bag of holding was…rattling. And she felt the obols inside of it shaking about. Then the room began shaking. Rhisveri’s eyes flickered in unease, but he smiled. Staring down at…
The portal. Blank air. Nothing but old stone, even a bit moldy, written with ancient words. Nothing but his magic keeping it aloft. Ryoka stared at it, shaking. Then she realized something. She looked up slowly and made a squeaking sound. Rhisveri followed her gaze.
