8.56
Page 18
“They exist. But the gateways…they’re broken or closed. I think they can open them from their side. Not us from ours. There may be another way, but I only know one surefire way to cross.”
“And you can open it. What would it take?”
“Fithea. This is a discussion for later.”
Nemed and the Merfolk looked at Fithea, who was vibrating, and Visophecin. They stirred. Some of the other Lucifen sat up, and even the Agelum.
“We’d like to know more! This concerns all of us, Visophecin! The—this other place. There are only Humans in your world, Ryoka, but there are more of us over there?”
Hungry eyes. Ryoka exhaled, for even Visophecin was listening.
“Countless thousands. Perhaps millions or billions.”
She didn’t know. The strange land where the refugees from other dimensions gathered was like that. Ryoka told them earnestly, telling Fithea she hadn’t seen other Dryads—and only one for a moment—but she hadn’t stayed in the forest long, and her description of the trees?
“World trees! Each one! Each one a tree of ages! They must be there! They must—”
And what she was doing was telling them the truth. Fulfilling a desire they didn’t know they had. That they were known. And, at the same time, she dodged. Every question about the voids in her story, that Visophecin and a few others saw.
She said Heaven. She said Hell. She never said ___. What she did…
“Legions from Hell. That’s the story about the end of the world. The final day. Reckoning, where Hell’s demons would battle the armies of Heaven.”
“Hah! What a glorious war! If we were mortal enemies—yes, us on one side, our kin on the other.”
“Needless strife. I don’t see the point.”
Azemith sniffed and some of the Lucifen nodded. Uzine, who had entered to listen, clapped his hands.
“Of course, but the scale of it! It is the old tales!”
He gave Ryoka a hungry look. She smiled at him.
“I didn’t know what to expect, honestly, Uzine. Angels…some people think Angels are, well, rather like you are. Humans with wings.”
“That’s a Garuda. Or a Human with Skills. Although it’s…”
She saw glances between the Agelum who didn’t have wings…as far as she could see. Ryoka went on.
“Some called Angels more, um, abstract. Many eyes, little children—some aren’t even humanoid. Six wings, or a blazing ring of gold with eyes—”
She saw the Agelum looking at each other and her skin tingled. Uzine sat back, glancing at Visophecin.
“And Devils?”
That came from Paxere, one of the younger ones. Ryoka shrugged.
“Some would say they’re Humans with, uh, bat wings.”
“Original.”
Ryoka laughed. She actually laughed and Menorkel snorted. She looked at Paxere.
“Others would say they’re huge, red-skinned monsters with whips of fire and, yes, bat wings. That’s closer to a Demon—gigantic beings who live amidst lava and have dark legions…dark magic, too. Pacts. Secret lairs which they raise armies from…”
She saw most of the Lucifen fail to react, but a few of the younger ones had a tell, which was they gave her too-blank looks. Lost all emotion and became neutral and, when juxtaposed against their more savvy elders…
They hurried off that topic as Uzine and Visophecin both pressed Ryoka about Earth and how she had come to the lands of the Fae. She, in turn, went to the Merfolk and began recounting stories of Atlantis and…Aquaman.
A knock on the door broke Ryoka out of recounting the stories of the Titanomachy and Titans from Greek legend. Every immortal’s eye was on her, but the woman, the [Housemistress], Herea, made them all go silent.
“I am so sorry to interrupt you, lords and ladies…Viscount, you have a guest.”
