8.56
Page 37
The Wyrm nodded. His expression was filled with distaste.
“I do not know when, but I remember the Creler Wars. I did not believe it at first, but now I know—sometime after my birth, one of my siblings found their way to Rhir. Somehow—their corpse, or perhaps they themselves, became the foundation of Crelers. They are too similar. The way they grow, their numbers and strength—and lastly, the old have my gift.”
“What gift?”
One eye swivelled towards Ryoka and she blinked.
Why, the gift of a mind, of course.
Telepathy. Ryoka Griffin stared at Rhisveri. The Wyrm nodded.
“Something lurks down there. I will purge it, but that is a battle for Ailendamus in the future. Mark me well; I knew Rhir when it was abandoned, and Rhir before the Blighted Kingdom and their nonsense about Demons. I know the truth and I will find what has plagued the world and slay it. That is a battle worthy of me.”
Her lips moved. Ryoka Griffin saw Klbkch in front of her, Xrn, and hesitated. Don’t say—
Don’t say it? She looked Rhisveri in the eye.
“If that day comes when I’m alive, I will do everything in my power to help you. But what’s down there is mightier than even you. Even so. It needs to die.”
His eyes widened. Rhisveri stared at Ryoka.
“You know…?”
He shook himself. Looked at Ryoka and drew back.
“Even now, you surprise me, Ryoka Griffin, thief. You bring temptation. News of another world. A name, a terrible presence contained in a single name. Stories and secrets. You know, I am tempted. I would meet with this lovely Sikeri, or her sisters, I would. I do not want to die, though.”
“I know. I’m sorry. I…”
Rhisveri’s eyes glittered. He was smiling. Ryoka Griffin felt a surge of unease. The Wyrm chuckled.
“I do not want to die. And here we come to the heart of it. But Ryoka—I could go there and surrender myself to the bliss of a lifetime. I could create children and a new kingdom—well, perhaps not in my world. I wouldn’t trust them. Maybe until they were a thousand years old, but after that?”
He reconsidered. Ryoka Griffin looked at him, her suspicions mounting. Rhisveri flicked his tongue up.
“—Regardless. I could do it. You understand? I could mate and die. And come back. Because I have a treasure beyond imagining. Oh yes. The very one you tried to steal. Now we come to it. Now you know.”
He bent low. Ryoka Griffin staggered back, and her back hit the chair. Rhisveri saw her face go white.
“A…a scroll? A scroll that—”
“Yes. A Scroll of Resurrection.”
His body shivered. He writhed with the sheer joy and pleasure of saying it aloud to someone else after so long. The Wind Runner looked up at him.
Somewhere, the fates were laughing. And then she knew how Erin would live again. It was so easy.
It was so…
“You will never claim it.”
Rhisveri broke her out of her reverie. He looked at her, coiling back on himself. He was conversational now, but the radiant exuberance of being able to tell, to brag, was all over him. It made him calm, even friendly.
“You must understand. This is no mere Scroll of Raise Dead, which would work on mortals, at cost. This is a genuine…it’s not even a relic. It’s beyond a relic. I don’t know how my brother found it. I think—in a long-buried tomb of a kingdom. It can revive me if I perish for any reason. So you understand. Why would I part with it?”
“I—I understand. But it’s real?”
