8.56
Page 21
He stared at her. And continued to stare as Paxere looked away. The Lucifen played it cool, but after eight more minutes of Ryoka clarifying anecdotal points with Fithea on the existence of satyrs, who were apparently sort of bastards in either world, Rhisveri had not looked away from trying to bore a hole in the side of Paxere’s head.
“I believe we should break. Let us convene amongst the mortals.”
Visophecin announced, glancing at Rhisveri’s dangerous stare. The others grumbled, but the Agelum were quick to have the Lucifen wheel them outside.
“That is not the only thing the Wind Runner brings. You said you knew how to play the other games. Baseball, football—and you know ice cream. Perhaps the [Chef] is done translating the other things you mentioned?”
Rhisveri looked up as Uzine and Gadrea towed Ryoka outside. He looked at Visophecin, and Azemith, some of the other Lucifen, and a few Agelum including Razia all stopped. Fithea hadn’t noticed, swept up in the ‘follow-Ryoka’ crowd, but Menorkel, hanging back to stuff more snacks into his pockets, heard voices.
“She refused to answer how she came here. Which implies that the Farthest Travellers did not bring her here to begin with, Rhisveri.”
The Duke nodded.
“Those two sports. ‘Bicycles’. You remarked it was odd, or—was it Uzine?”
“Uzine did. He said a game with such nuanced rules was odd.”
“…She isn’t alone. That’s what she’s hiding. I will find out what else.”
Menorkel’s heartbeat spiked. He stared, then shuffled off, surprisingly quietly, to tell Gilaw and Nemed.
She wasn’t alone?
 
——
 
Ryoka had known she was going to have to reveal a lot. Once she’d made her pact with Visophecin, she’d sat down and given it a lot of thought. Then she’d hopped into ‘hey, ever done a massage?’ with the Thirsting Veil [Knights], but at least she’d done the real thinking first!
She was getting them on her side. Which, really, seemed like the only move you played with immortals. You never ‘won’ games of tag, fist-fights, or anything else with them.
You never outran the Wild Hunt. You couldn’t out-fight even the minions of an evil Necromancer.
…But you could get the King of Camelot to stall them, and Nama. You could pay off a Phoenix with that handbag Ryoka really wished she had, or knew what it was, to hold them off.
And you could get an angry Dragon to play pingpong with Venitra. So in the battle to sway Rhisveri, Ryoka felt like getting an Agelum and Lucifen on each shoulder might be her best move yet.
Nor was it hard. The Agelum liked her. They liked her story about her idiotic run to the High Passes. The time when she challenged the Assassin’s Guild to save Sammial and Hethon.
“I stood up and applauded, you know. I will have an autograph and frame it—or you can sign a wall, but we have to recoat them every generation. A tragedy—but I sometimes make them replace the walls so I can save them to look at. An autograph lasts longer. That was the stuff of real Couriers, though. Fighting [Assassins]—a Courier should be nothing less!”
Uzine was beaming as Ryoka, incredibly embarrassed, raised her hands.
“It was the stupidest thing I’d ever done. I nearly shattered every bone in my body with the glider.”
“Then you would have done it living larger than most.”
Yes, the Agelum were ride-or-die, 120-percenters. And it seemed the incident with the [Knights] was actually the thing that fully won them over.
The Lucifen, on the other hand, were harder. Visophecin was on Ryoka’s side because it made sense to be. The others?
Ryoka thought she had her way in with them. Which was playing to their vanity.
