8.56
Page 38
“Oh, yes. The power in it? I tested it with all my knowledge. I even showed it to an [Archmage] before he died. It is the real thing. Now I have one last question for you, Ryoka Griffin. Knowing I have this scroll worth more than you could ever offer me, which would tempt even my allies, and send armies marching upon me without end to claim it—why did I tell you? Why do I laugh? Why do I weep?”
Oh. We’re here again. Ryoka Griffin stirred. It was never the same, but it had echoes.
A riddling game. Was that what she’d been playing the entire time? The Wyrm waited. Understand me. She thought about all he had said, how he presented Wyrms. A monster—or so he claimed, writhing in the darkness. Brother-killer. Born of a dead mother. Ruthless…
“I think I know why you laugh, Rhisveri Zessoprical.”
He smiled, with more admiration than he had ever had towards a mortal. Even the [General] he had trained himself, the Great General who marched to bring Calanfer low. He waited. Ryoka Griffin looked at him and her eyes…they pierced his scales with truth. His truth, which he had patiently explained to her over this long conversation.
“The scroll is the most valuable thing in the world. The most valuable. But…it does you no good if you have no one to resurrect. And if you want to be saved—you need someone you can trust. And you trust…”
The Wyrm began to laugh. It grew in him, not a conversational laugh, altogether like a person, but a deep rumbling that grew high in tone. A shriek, a roaring shriek like glass grinding against itself, glaciers of glass breaking. Hysterical laughter.
“No one. Yes, that’s why he laughed, my brother! Even as I killed him! He knew what he had, and he knew no one would bring him back! He would never use it on another. Nor I! We love no one! And we have no one to trust. Do you see?”
She saw. The Wyrm rolled about in his despair and mirth. Then he looked at her, panting.
“If there was one. If there was, I would be safe. But I have none. Who would I love? A mortal?”
“Why not? Is it impossible, Duke Rhisveri? Is there nothing in any of us—in any part of the world that you couldn’t admire or love?”
Rhisveri snorted. He snaked his head down to her.
“Perhaps there is. I admit that you folk have qualities I could find attractive. I could pretend I was a smaller man. But I am not. You cannot understand what I am, and any relationship would be imbalanced. But even then—perhaps I could love someone. Respect them.”
“Then…?”
Ryoka saw Rhisveri shake his head.
“Why would I give my heart away to someone who will die and break it? Even if I resurrected them, if I had a thousand scrolls. No. No, if it is true love, I will not waste it on a mere century. I could only love someone who walks time without age. Who could challenge and push me. I could only love…”
An immortal. And now Ryoka saw a kind of design in the air. She looked at Rhisveri.
“Is that why you made Ailendamus? To find other people, other immortals in hiding? Not Wyrms but…someone you could love? Trust?”
He jerked. The Wyrm whirled his head around and stared at Ryoka. She had seen too much. He blustered.
“Nonsense! Do you think I would trust Visophecin or his lot? I have kept the scroll secret because they would stab me in the back for it, even Fithea. Especially Fithea.”
“So why are you telling me? To mock me? Because you want me to know? I want that scroll, Rhisveri. Does that mean there’s something you want from me in return?”
Ryoka felt it happening again. Now came the [Geas]. Now came the bargain. But Rhisveri just smirked.
