8.56
Page 7
“You are minded to punish them?”
“I am. Probably digging ditches in some posting along Noelictus’ border for six months after, I don’t know, a lashing. I actually don’t know the Order of the Thirsting Veil’s methods. Maybe a mudding.”
“A…”
“Where you throw stones at someone? Only, with mudballs? The commonfolk enjoy it. We could allow them to add rocks and sticks. Most don’t, even then.”
The Queen looked at Rhisveri.
“Yes, I agree, that would be acceptable, but I saw them, and my bodyguard, and servants, Duke Rhisveri. If I could have quelled their tongues—I cannot. My daughter knows they are there.”
“So…you want me to take their classes. Strip four [Elite Knights] of Ailendamus of their class, or send them on suicide charges to the front?”
“—I thought we understood the matter, Duke.”
Oiena’s face was not hostile, let alone guilty, just blankly confused. Rhisveri on the other hand…he looked at her.
“No. Do you know how long an Order of the Thirsting Veil [Knight] has to train? We induct them sometimes as young as eight as [Pages], from noble families with strong bloodlines or gifts. It’s a decade from [Page], to [Squire], to [Knight] before they qualify as junior [Knights], unlike the Order of the Hydra, and it pays off. [Elite Knights]? They crop up in less than one out of a hundred regular [Knights] in their training, and we put them through intensive training. Those four hit that class—which is a minimum of Level 25—before they turned twenty five.”
He began counting off figures on his fingers.
“The amount of gold I—I mean, Ailendamus has invested in them? Why would I waste that?”
“Duke Rhisveri, I do not discount their cost—”
“You had no idea how long they trained! Do you think we just pull [Elite Knights] out of a hat?”
“Rhisveri! They have embarrassed the crown. Remove their classes and either exile them or send them to the war front, or I will petition the [Knight Commander] to do so myself!”
Oiena snapped. Rhisveri looked at her. He felt something sinking over him, something that had nothing to do with arguing with a mortal woman, or the [Knights]’ actions with Ryoka—no, all in this reaction. He spoke slowly, enunciating every word.
“—Just so I am clear. The reason they must lose their classes, and be banished until their likely deaths or never to step foot in Ailendamus again, is not because of their impropriety as [Knights]. Nor—nor is it your own personal objection, but because they were discovered, not the act itself.”
Queen Oiena looked at him, gravely.
“I take no pleasure in it, but yes, Rhisveri. If other nations learned of this, the scandal? Now, Courier Griffin is both prisoner and guest, and I shall have words with her. But as you said, it is one thing for her, another for [Knights] serving the crown itself and in the palace…”
Her words didn’t trail off, he just stopped listening. Rhisveri looked at Queen Oiena and a terrible weariness descended over him.
He knew how Terandrian morality played. He knew their customs and secrets, and, oh, there was a lot they said, which they did otherwise behind closed doors. He should have cottoned on to what Oiena meant earlier, but…the Wyrm sighed. He looked Queen Oiena straight in the eye and smiled politely.
“I will do no such thing, Your Majesty. Those four [Knights] will be duly punished, but I do not throw away useful people on a whim.”
She actually recoiled, astonished.
“You—did you not hear what I just said? The consequences—”
“It will not come out. Or if it does, we will simply deploy [Bards] and deny it.”
“My daughter saw it!”
