8.56
Page 8
“Then explain to her what you just said to me. Now, I am leaving. I must deal with that nuisance myself and I shall inform Ryoka Griffin just how much she makes the lives of everyone she meets distinctly worse. Good day, Your Majesty—”
He was walking off when Oiena blocked his way.
“Rhisveri! Do not make me go to Itorin! This is ridiculous to quibble over four [Knights] of no repute. If I must, I will tell the [Knight Commander]—”
“You will not. I will overrule that order.”
“You will what? Itorin will hear of this! And when he does—”
Rhisveri had had enough. He spun around. Queen Oiena stopped as he pointed a finger at her. Her [Bodyguard] moved—and bounced into a barrier. Rhisveri snarled as he pointed at Oiena.
“You’ll tell your husband? Go ahead. And I will tell him this is my affair and that will be that. Don’t touch them. Waste four [Knights]? They are mine. This conversation is over!”
She was staring at him, but Queen Oiena of Taimaguros had an instinctual reaction from her homeland, which was to stomp on his foot with a heeled slipper at once. Rhisveri stared down at his foot.
Oiena stared down at his foot. He calmly, and without changing his expression, lifted his foot, shook her heeled shoe off—which had left an imprint in his own shoes and flesh—and turned.
“[Haste]—”
He blurred away. Her Majesty was left staring at his back. What had he just said to her? How dare…? She turned and stormed away, but shaken.
 
——
 
What a stupid conversation. What a waste of seconds of his life. He was an immortal being, who might live millenia or beyond that into aeons, and he begrudged the three minutes she had stolen from him.
“What idiocy!”
The Wyrm boomed as Rhisveri stopped in the grand, seemingly empty room where his true body lay. Rhisveri was so annoyed he slapped his tail, slithered about.
“Who cares which ones do it? Who cares how many or which places? It doesn’t matter. Do you think Selphids care? Does Sophridel care?”
There were species and people and ways of life out there that Terandrian courts with their high-minded, idiotically close-minded ideals could never dream of. Male. Female. What did Drakes call it? Turnscales?
Rhisveri was furious. Then…he lay there, staring at the hallway he had come through, and was tired.
They had no idea. No notion how ridiculous their mating ways seemed to him. To a Wyrm. If only they knew…
“[Message] to Sophridel. Those four [Knights] guarding Ryoka Griffin are not to be harmed or relieved of their posts. I don’t care if the [Queen] herself tries. Inform me.”
He lay there, angry, furious that he was expending emotion on something so stupid. So…the Wyrm paused, and the Duke’s Human body swivelled around.
A [Servant] was coming.
“Where is the Wind Runner? Move her audience up. Now.”
Duke Rhisveri snapped. The [Servant] froze—it was only the Human Rhisveri she saw, but that was bad enough.
“Duke—I am terribly sorry, but she is not in the palace—”
“She’s escaped? She seduced all four?”
Instantly, Rhisveri went back to raging fury. The [Servant] stared at him, uncomprehending.
“Escaped? No, Duke. I was told—forgive me, it was Viscount Visophecin! I understand he, Lady Fithea, and some others went to his estate andhehadyourapprovalIamterriblysorryIdidnotknow!”
She backed away. Rhisveri stared in dead silence at her. Then the Wyrm-him calmly and carefully disgorged the bile rising in his throat and melted a hundred feet of floor tiles.
 
——
 
