8.56
Page 29
“So they approached you and made you an offer. That hardly speaks to their happiness.”
“No. I’m sorry.”
He blinked once, in that snake-way, and then flicked his tongue up. Was that a shrug?
“It is nothing I would expect you to glean from a chance encounter. A mountain filled with Wyrms. Living in…harmony.”
His tone sounded disbelieving. Ryoka sat on the edge of her chair.
“Wh—is that surprising? Why are you concerned with their happiness, if I can ask?”
“Is it not appropriate to care for your kin?”
Rhisveri gave her a huge frown. Ryoka opened her mouth.
“Uh, I’m s—”
She saw his scaled cheeks bulge. Then the Wyrm barked a huge blast of air in her face.
“Hah!”
He snorted. Ryoka caught herself, arms windmilling as the chair nearly toppled over. The Wyrm wheezed a few times as he laughed, writhing about. Then he coughed, and went back to staring at her.
“I was only curious. You see, I cannot imagine Wyrms, even with a vast amount of space, could ever truly co-exist without quarrels. Let alone in a single mountain, no matter how big. This…ruler you once invoked here must keep order.”
She nodded slowly.
“That he does. I don’t think they’d violate the laws of hospitality in his domain.”
“Yet they are guests. You said…refugees. Fleeing from worlds apart.”
“It’s only a guess. But…yes.”
“And all female?”
Once more Ryoka nodded and Rhisveri closed his eyes.
“Yes. They’re probably all female. Yes…”
He sank to the ground. Ryoka saw his eyes close and that sense of oddity struck her once more. She was standing up and peering around on a hunch, calling on the wind, when Rhisveri’s head snapped up.
“And fighting like cats and Wyrms all day and night! Dead gods, but I cannot imagine the petty squabbles and politics. If they can’t kill each other, they must make each other’s lives a living nightmare.”
He shuddered.
“Perish the thought. What an aberration of events for that to occur. The only thing I could imagine is worse in that entire kingdom would be the Dragon colonies. If there are Dragons.”
He looked at Ryoka. She blinked. Rhisveri nodded.
“You saw some?”
“I—yes. A child.”
He swore under his breath.
“Multiple Dragons in a single place. All…a child? But that implies you suspect there were more. And this king, this…that one rules them all? Such that they only fought you or aided you, but not one another?”
Ryoka nodded. She saw Rhisveri shift uneasily.
“I don’t think this is an invading kingdom, Rhisveri. The fae…”
“Of course not! I know the Farthest Travellers. Fithea has told me enough.”
He snapped. But he seemed relieved. Rhisveri coughed, and then went on, more calmly.
“No doubt that child could not even coexist with others of his kin. Wyrms, for all we might fight, can present a unified front. Dragons?”
He spat to the side. Ryoka saw a glob of something hit the floor and sizzle. She and Rhisveri stared at it eating through the floor. He sighed.
“Damn.”
His tail slapped somewhere in the vast room, and the acid bile vanished and the floor began to mend, closing together. Ryoka was almost positive by now what was going on, but she was curious too.
“What do you mean about Dragons? Do they quarrel too?”
“Ah, so you’ve only met them individually. Interesting. Even in this world?”
Ryoka hesitated. Rhisveri looked gleeful, but then waved his tail.
“Hmph. It matters not. You think Wyrms can be petty? Dragons also. We fight with each other, but Dragons—they quibble by color, tribe, rather than individuals.”
He glared at Ryoka as her mouth opened.
