8.56
Page 19
He rose smoothly, and Ryoka broke off.
“By all means continue, Miss Griffin. I will not be long.”
She had a feeling…it could have been anyone, but she had a feeling. Ryoka went on. Drawing them in.
All she told them were their stories. Menorkel’s face fell when he heard only about the Titans overthrown by ‘the next powers’. Ryoka tried to tell him about Norse mythology, but then she remembered the Frost Giants and such were, uh, not great role models either.
Even so, Fithea kept interrupting, dragging the questions back to the lands of the fae.
“They exist. There are different…systems out there. See?”
That was when Ryoka held out a glowing obol. The Lucifen focused on it like crows staring at a shiny marble. The Agelum murmured.
“How much for one? I will trade you any artifact you wish for.”
Paxere announced instantly. Someone kicked her in the back.
“You idiot, do you know how to bargain?”
A glaring Lucifen young man. Paxere glared back, suddenly looking dangerous, and Ryoka made sure she had a tight grip on the obol as she showed it around.
“I am prepared to negotiate. But, uh—there was an incident with Rhisveri. So I hope we can establish good ties. I can’t promise on behalf of the fair folk, but I can make good-faith offers. I just need to clear my name and I am willing to pay for it. There’s something else I want to negotiate over, but I could tell most…tell all if we reach that point.”
They looked at her, keenly interested. Fascinated, wanting to know everything and more and…Ryoka saw a reflection of herself and luxuriated in the feeling.
For a second. Then Gadrea frowned.
“Ah, that would tie back to the incident bringing you here. Too costly. It goes back to one person though, and the most difficult of all. Rhisveri.”
A sigh ran through the room. The others conferred.
“Perhaps. He is still one of us—”
“He considers himself above mere votes. Yet if every single one were to…not just the Waterbound, not just Shoel, Fithea—”
The old Dryad was nodding fervently, and Ryoka remembered how much she had savored the obol when they had met.
“Sophridel will listen. I assure you. Ryoka Griffin committed an offence, but she is able to pay for it. The only thing else she desires is…”
“What is mine. I am glad that no one is foolish enough to promise that.”
A harsh voice broke into the room of chattering immortals. They fell silent and Ryoka looked up into what was now a familiar pair of vexed green eyes. Rhisveri and Visophecin stopped at the doorway of the room. The Duke looked at Ryoka.
“I did not give you permission to leave the palace, Ryoka Griffin.”
“That was upon my insistence, Rhisveri. We are negotiating—”
“On behalf of Ailendamus? This…this snake is playing you for a fool, Visophecin. You and your family! I am amazed. I thought you of all would handle her better, but it seems I alone appreciate how truly, incredibly inconvenient she is!”
Rhisveri stormed into the room, parting the others like minnows before a shark. He pointed at Ryoka. She was still wondering if the ‘snake’ comment was a compliment or not, given his nature.
“You have not only caused countless incidents in the palace, now you are throwing into jeopardy sworn servants of the realm, simply because you cannot keep your undergarments on your body for five seconds—”
Ryoka turned beet red as Rhisveri jabbed the Finger of Poking at her chest. He stopped dead, or rather, jerked to a stop as someone caught him.
Gadrea.
