8.56
Page 20
“Come, Rhisveri. Don’t castigate youth for doing what is natural. We are quite glad you’re here; you can reassure those four [Knights] they will not lose their positions. Which they will not.”
Rhisveri glared down at Gadrea, but he didn’t yank free instantly. He harrumphed.
“This matter has gone before the [Queen], and she is displeased.”
“Then, she will remain so. But this is our guest, and we quite approve. Next time she can record it.”
Half the Agelum laughed. Menorkel turned beet-red, and Gilaw rolled her eyes as the Merfolk were split. Some thought it was a great idea. Ryoka was red and Rhisveri gave Visophecin a pained look.
“…I am going to settle this now. You wished for an audience, Ryoka Griffin? You have it. Now—”
He turned to grab her, and froze. Because Gadrea had a hand on his arm.
“Rhisveri, I must insist we have her lovely company for a while longer.”
She smiled, planting her feet in the ground but never rising from her wheelchair. Rhisveri’s eyes narrowed dangerously. He pulled at his arm.
“I am not going to be gainsaid by—you are dangerously close to—would you let go of me?”
Ryoka’s eyes widened. Was it just her or…? Gadrea had locked the wheelchair with her feet, and she was holding onto Rhisveri’s arm. He was pulling—but she never budged. Ryoka didn’t know how strong his fake body was, but she doubted it was as ‘weak’ as a regular Human.
Gadrea never stopped smiling—until a sudden look of pain crossed her face. Visophecin was there in a moment.
“Gadrea. Unhand Rhisveri.”
She let go, and Rhisveri jerked free. Gadrea lay, a bit limply, but came round after a second. She flexed her hand, and then smiled in amazement.
“I am feeling better. I could go for a run. Barefoot.”
“Spare Ailendamus a plague of foot-mold and dirt.”
Rhisveri growled. However, he looked around, and the Agelum gave him their bright smiles.
“We must insist, Rhisveri. We have already learned quite a lot of fascinating tales about us. Ryoka, surely you have legends about Wyrms?”
Um. Ryoka gulped as Rhisveri glared at her. The truth was?
She did not. Not about Wyrms. Of all the species present, from Merfolk to Devils to even Paterghost and Nube, the mimic and enchanted armor, Ryoka had stories, or at least anecdotes of ‘adventurers’ traumatized by mimics in popular culture.
But Wyrms? There were few parallels in western mythos that weren’t more ‘dragon-like’. In the east…well, there were the Chinese dragons in similar appearance, but they were a bit different. The only ones Ryoka could even associate would be Ouroborous, the eternal serpent which ate itself, and Jomungandr of Norse legend—and even then, they were odd examples.
Oddly, that vaguely seemed to please Rhisveri, who snorted in derision when she explained that. He had remained, although he stood near the back, refusing snacks and refusing to participate in the asking. He made one comment.
“It is simply like Dragons to hog attention, even in legends. Only they would be foolish enough to get up to half their antics, anyways.”
“Like…instead of kidnapping [Princesses], kidnapping Couriers is better?”
That snarky comment came from Paxere, who was now Ryoka’s favorite. The Lucifen wore a pointed smile—until Rhisveri turned to stare at her. She met his gaze coolly, before bowing her head.
“No offense meant, Rhisveri.”
