8.56
Page 6
Rhisveri nodded, warming to his anger. The young boy hadn’t even been much affected, much to his disappointment, but Oiena had kicked up a commendable fuss. He’d happily watched the Wind Runner dashing about, but the Knights of the Thirsting Veil bothered him.
“On duty. I don’t care if she was a [Seductress], they’re [Knights]. It’s a disgrace! They’re one of the three peerless orders of Ailendamus and this is how they behave in the palace!”
Oiena was nodding. Frowning, but nodding.
“Yes, and they’re women. Not that it wouldn’t be bad enough if it had been four men—and they surely cannot guard a female prisoner, but my daughter saw it!”
Duke Rhisveri paused, mid-nod. He felt there was an inconsistency between the things he was complaining about and what she was.
“Er…well, four men in that situation wouldn’t have been that graphic in the same poses. Improper—what’s gender got to do with it?”
Queen Oiena slowed. She eyed Rhisveri and the Wyrm’s puzzled jade green eyes met her brown-yellow ones, topaz mixed with bark.
“Your Grace! It’s one thing for [Knights] to indulge in such acts, but women? I—that is to say—”
She looked at her escort again and moved them back with a flick of the wrist. She stood there and turned a bit red. She eyed Rhisveri, but his blank visage made her curse.
“Oh, Gura-damnit and Taima-damnit. Your Grace, you surely know how outrageous it is?”
Ah. The Duke frowned. Terandrian ideals. He sighed, folding his arms.
“I’m well aware, Your Majesty. My concern is that our elite protectors are compromised—but we are on the same page.”
“Yes! No!”
Rhisveri began to get a second headache. He exploded, but mildly.
“What?”
Queen Oiena looked around again, as if they were discussing having a head of state assassinated.
“I have never brought it up with you, Your Grace, so let me be blunt on the subject. I do not know your feelings on the matter, but—such things? Such…intimacies?”
She stared at Rhisveri, turning redder, and looking outraged that perhaps he wasn’t looking uncomfortable. Which he was, because this conversation had taken a strange turn, but Rhisveri was a master of facial muscles.
“Yes. I understand what you mean, Queen Oiena.”
She smoothed at her dress and if her hair had been braided, maybe she would have given it a damn good tug.
“Well. Well, it’s not to be condoned, naturally. Naturally! But if I were to hear of such things in private from someone in parlance of gossip…? Girls explore things. It is unacceptable if it were to be made public, of course. Much less the things they do in Baleros and Chandrar.”
“…Yes?”
He was at sea in a leaking boat. Rhisveri saw Oiena take a deep breath.
“—But not when revealed. Princess Oesca saw it, and Ivenius, although he thought they were just sparring, somehow. I regret the entire affair—doesn’t she have door locks?”
Rhisveri bit his tongue. But Queen Oiena went on, concluding simply.
“My guards and I have seen it. Young Lord Veltras saw it. So I am glad you are taking matters into your own hands. When will you strip them of their class?”
The Wyrm looked at Her Majesty of Ailendamus.
“Strip them of their class?”
“Their knighthood and membership in the Order of the Thirsting Veil. If you are minded to send them to the front—that would also be necessary, I suppose, but I am not asking for that. Either one, when…?”
Duke Rhisveri looked at Queen Oiena. Instinctively, reflexively, he crossed his arms.
“Never. What are you talking about?”
The two members of the royal family gave each other another look like distant lighthouses just missing each other. Queen Oiena frowned.
