8.56
Page 33
He uncoiled. The light in the room returned. Rhisveri lay in front of Ryoka, suddenly tired again.
“Perhaps. Perhaps we could have made amends. But he and I were younger. We fought for so many reasons. Primarily, that we knew of each other’s existence, and realized it was a weapon one could use against the other. Would we come to blows? We felt…I think we felt our territories would clash, especially if both of us stayed on this continent. We had our ambitions. Mine was kingdom; his was less grand, but each of us bided our time, gathered resources, strength and acumen. When we fought, it was for everything.”
He looked at Ryoka.
“One of us could have fled and ceded it all, of course. But the possibility of victory lay between us, and we wanted what the other had so badly…so we fought to the death. No quarter. No mercy. If I had offered it, he would have come back for vengeance or revealed me. Perhaps he would not have. I never gave him the chance.”
The Wyrm stared at a distant memory. He turned his gaze from that to the present.
“Now say your judgement, thief. Ryoka Griffin.”
She spread her hands, slowly.
“You murdered your brother. I can’t hear that and not be appalled. If I look at you like a Wyrm…I can understand it. Because that’s the stuff of stories. Legends. If I look at you like a person…”
She stared at him. Rhisveri smiled.
“But that is the heart of who I am. I am not playing for sympathy, Ryoka Griffin. Nor do I grandstand. I am this. And you are right. As a Wyrm—it is in my nature. My brother was not the first of my siblings I slew. I killed sisters and brothers before. Now, I wage war and I care not for the dead mortals. Only kingdom and desire. That is what a Wyrm is.”
“Is it? Or is it just an excuse?”
Rhisveri Zessoprical hesitated. He could squash her in a second or devour her, melt her away, or cast a spell to eradicate her. He wanted to, because the flash of rage—
But he didn’t, because it wouldn’t destroy the question. Bitterly, Rhisveri spoke.
“An excuse? For what? For doing what all species do? Conquer and kill each other? I am simply not lying, Ryoka Griffin. Or are the other immortals you have met so much more moral than me?”
He pointed his head at her, waiting for a rebuttal that did not come. Rhisveri spoke angrily.
“Dragons love to pretend they are so much better. So I killed my brother. So what? They duelled over incredibly petty matters, burnt cities down for insults, enslaved mortals and each other. Wyrms devour each other as they spawn, if measures are not taken. Dragons do not. So what? We are the same in nature—it is just that my kind does not pretend so long as it pleases us.”
“The Dragon I met did not pretend to be better. He told me he was done interfering. That every side had its reasons.”
Rhisveri looked up.
“Yes. And I am willing to trample others to get my way. Perhaps your Dragon is not. But I will not apologize nor relent. I can be rational. I can think. But I will not be some savior, some high-minded pretender. And I call your Dragon a hypocrite, though I have never met him.”
Rhisveri bared his teeth.
