8.56
Page 10
Ryoka had gone through some serious deja-vu in regards to getting floored. She hadn’t been under any illusions. Skills or not, they were [Elite Knights] and it had gone about as well as when she challenged Calruz and Yvlon to fist-fights.
Good times. Stupid times. What had possessed her to do it again?
Maybe the sense that they really wanted to hit her. This time? Ryoka didn’t strut about claiming how good she was. She did put them in arm-bars, and gave one a damn good kick—
Until she learned that the art of pugilism was taught by the Order of the Thirsting Veil fairly well. They didn’t grapple much, only knowing how to put someone down and hold them if they were a criminal, but they were tough.
Anyways, four asskickings for Ryoka that didn’t go entirely one way and then they just got to talking as they patched each other up. It was as they’d sat about, asking Ryoka about her ‘odd’ fighting techniques, that her missing fingers came up. And Ryoka asked how Chorisa had a scar down her midriff since they’d taken armor off to fight.
They were warriors. Young or not, they’d fought in wars. Chorisa had even survived running onto a pike in a charge. So they told her their stories and Ryoka told them some of hers. You had to respect that—they only half-believed her tales of the High Passes and escaping the Goblin Lord’s army until she told them the other ones. For her part? Ryoka respected the heck out of someone who took a pike to the chest, then kept fighting with the haft sticking out of her armor.
Mutual admiration. As for how things evolved? Well—Ryoka had a suspicion. She had intimated it, half jokingly, but when she thought about it, was it that strange?
You had the Order of the Thirsting Veil, who were raised from girls throughout puberty while being told that even touching a boy outside of sparring might ruin your ‘knightly virtues’. To both be maidens and warriors and refrain from extraneous affairs that might ruin your dedication to serving the proud nation of Ailendamus.
And if they were like her, they might say, ‘message understood, chief. I get what you’re putting down. The lads will not be a problem. We’ll handle it internally.’
The point was…well, the [Queen], Rhisveri, Sammial, Oesca, and all the others hadn’t seen too much. It hadn’t gotten there. It was just highly suggestive of what was happening next.
Ryoka hung her head. She hadn’t said all of that, but she was rewarded with the most amused look she had ever seen—Visophecin turned his head, but she could have sworn he was holding back a laugh.
“Quite…impressive. Quite entertaining—but improper.”
He caught himself, and Ryoka sighed. This was not the moral compass she needed right now. The Lucifen smiled wickedly.
“That you were discovered is the error. Terandrian customs will complicate matters, but I will prevail upon Rhisveri myself. Perhaps the four may be reassigned. House Shoel requires warriors to manage monsters and keep order.”
“Thank you, Viscount. I—that’s just how I do things. I make a mess.”
The Viscount glanced at Ryoka’s expression thoughtfully. Then he looked ahead.
“Perhaps. But aside from the impropriety of [Knights] guarding you…and they were quite certain you would not escape, having a hold on you in a physical sense.”
His slight smile grew wider as Ryoka turned into a plum. Visophecin went on, his expression smoothing to that curious blankness.
“Terandrian ideals are a matter to challenge and change. Later.”
“You…don’t support their beliefs?”
Ryoka glanced up sharply. The Devil raised his brows.
