8.56
Page 32
“And yet. You will learn of it. For I have a reason. You, who have beheld Wyrms, who have spoken with Dragons…you have come from a world apart. A world I can scarcely imagine. There are worlds out there, aren’t there?”
He looked at the ceiling as if he could see the sky above. Ryoka whispered.
“Yes.”
“I knew it. But only in a vague, vain sense. Fithea told me stories. Never did I dream it would be possible to walk across reality. What a strange thing. How dare you come into my kingdom and make it smaller?”
Another glare, but Rhisveri was settling. His voice grew deeper, so she felt it in the marrow of her bones.
“I will tell you because I have held onto this secret for ages. What good is worth if only I know of it? For my own appreciation? No, no.”
His eyes glittered as the light in the room waned. Rhisveri began to draw into the shadows, but the light caught in the jade of his eyes, those little, swimming flecks, still glowing. He spoke.
“It is worth too much for you to ever have, Human. Mortal. After all—I paid the highest price for it. I fought in a life-and-death struggle for it. Do you know, Ryoka Griffin, that I am the last Wyrm I know? The last, truly, of my kind?”
“I…didn’t know that. Are you sure?”
He grinned at her in the darkness, a bleak smile.
“Perhaps there are others. Just like Dragons, we would be in hiding. It is all too probable, but I am all but certain no more will be born. Dragons might hide their eggs. Wyrms lay no eggs, and there are no female Wyrms left in this world that I know of. I think I would have sensed them, and I have travelled to every land. One laid her musk on you and it will last another twenty years. I have never smelled another, except when I was young.”
“Twenty—”
Rhisveri saw her splutter and then look at him.
“So there might be male Wyrms, then?”
“Perhaps. But I suspect I am the last of them. I know I am the last on Terandria. Because there were two, thousands of years ago. My brother and I. And I? I killed him and ate him.”
The Wyrm bared his teeth and Ryoka felt a chill. His head moved and she lost track of the eyes. He was all over the room but she saw nothing, only heard his voice.
“I slew him in battle and devoured his corpse. You do not react.”
She slowly turned, searching for a sign of him, but it was pitch-black. Ryoka tried to conjure a ball of [Light]. She saw his head for a moment, to the side, then the magic winked out. The air was dead in the room.
“I…don’t know what to say. I assume you had reasons.”
“Yet you don’t react. Is it because I am not Human? If I were, I suspect you would be outraged. Afraid. You would react, then, but I am a Wyrm. A monster. Even a Dragon you would hold to higher standards, but not me.”
His head appeared in a moment. Ryoka saw his eyes staring down at her, inches away.
“Isn’t that so?”
She hesitated. Rhisveri looked at her—then drew back.
“Well, you are right. We did not have to do battle! But we did, for each one of us coveted the other’s treasures. I knew what he owned, and it was the very scroll you sought to steal. Like you, I stole it from him, and to do so I murdered him. Kinslayer. That is what Wyrms are.”
His voice grew, growing louder, fiercer. More triumphant. Ryoka Griffin saw him rising to the top of the room, and part of her wanted to run and hide and quail. But all she did was ask a question.
“Did it have to come to that?”
Her voice was…Rhisveri twitched. He looked at her in the darkness and saw her face. Not blindly sorrowful. Not empathetic for a Wyrm she had never known. He would have raged at her for that. Just…
