8.56
Page 34
“No one who lives long does it without blood. We are both dead, this Dragon and I. The last members of a dead species that will never return. Not in this world. Yet what terrible irony it is that even if the last Dragon and Wyrm should meet, I think we would do great battle. Even in this fading world of mortal make. No. No, I say it is fitting! Our species have gone proudly to their end. For what should I change who I am? There is no disaster to forfend. Only the last to stand, the last to die. And that is a right I desire. I will never say mercy to mortals, though I could offer it to them. They will serve me, and I will kill them for aught I desire. I have every right to think nothing of them. You were not born when the first crime against me was committed. Nor your mother’s mother’s mother. You did not even come from this world, but I hold a grudge, Ryoka Griffin.”
His voice rose, and Ryoka Griffin saw him staring at something. Now…her skin was prickling.
“Why? Will you tell me? So I am not ignorant, at least?”
Rhisveri looked down at her. His expression was distant. Then, after a long wait, he nodded.
“Yes. To understand Wyrms, understand this: there is a reason I drink and laugh. The first is that Wyrms are dead. And I knew Wyrms were dead in this world until you came. I knew it—because I am the last Wyrm and believe it, hidden kin or not. You see…I knew the last adult female Wyrm. She was my mother. I knew the last female Wyrms; they were my brood sisters and they died by blade and infighting and monster and to me as we aged.”
“What happened?”
The Wyrm spoke, and Ryoka felt the wind blow at her hair. He looked through the walls of the palace, through time.
“Eleven thousand, four hundred and thirty…no, forty one years ago, the last Great Wyrm died. They called her Zessoprica, Sovereign of Sands. She ruled Zeikhal. She fought upon Baleros with Nagas serving under her. Even Zeres paid allegiance in years past, for she was more ancient than I. A legend of old. But they found her in Terandria, with no more allies. No more places to hide or run, and slew her.”
Ryoka Griffin felt cold. She shivered, and a blanket dropped on her as Rhisveri spoke. He never looked at her, but he seemed to recite this for the first time ever to someone else with such ease.
Because he had told this story many times to himself.
“I killed one of my own kind the moment I awoke. That is how Wyrms breed; a clutch of young, live-born. We look like serpents; we are not. Just as Dragons are not truly mammals. When Dragons bear young, they are in eggs and can wait for thousands of years if they must. When Wyrms spawn—we kill each other and the strongest grow. There is a difference in our natures. So I killed and killed in that first hour. Then…one of us spoke.”
His voice changed.
“They will kill us all. Who said it? My brother always claimed it was he. Perhaps it was another, or the message repeated. You see—we were not fools, even newly-born. Dragons are born far less intelligent—we were born cunning. Do you understand what had happened?”
Ryoka thought she did.
“Your mother. They killed her. But you…”
“Yes. We were inside her. So the hunters and celebrating armies had no idea as they began to take her body apart. We heard them. And so we stopped fighting. When those adventurers and soldiers and triumphant fools let down their guard and pierced her side, we came out. Six days. Six days of plotting and growing on her flesh. We died by the score, but an army perished. The very ‘heroes’ who slew my mother returned too late, for we had fled.”
