8.56
Page 1
Fast. A figure on the ground moving at a full gallop would have been caught off-guard by how fast Rhisveri moved. In fact, there was one now. A shimmering figure that looked like a [Knight], weaving left, right—it recoiled as Rhisveri’s head shot in front of it, blocking its path. Instantly, the illusion cut left—and Rhisveri struck from the side.
Wyrms fought like that. They were far larger than Dragons—at least when they aged to Rhisveri’s size. Although Dragons could shapeshift…Rhisveri hunted more illusions, then dashed through the maze, shooting from pillar to pillar, even diving, dodging imaginary threats.
He was panting after thirty minutes of it. Rhisveri was pushing himself, such that every now and then he smacked into a pillar or misjudged his timing and fell, ungainly, and, often, swearing like a [Sailor].
“Dragons damn it—!”
The whumph of a Wyrm hitting the ground was a minor earthquake, but the floors were proofed too. Rhisveri put another ten minutes in, then stopped.
“I have work to do.”
That was his excuse. Yet the truth was, he did do this at least four times a week. There had been a time when he had not, and he’d paid for it in harsh truths when he stared at a mirror. Keep in shape. There was no one to motivate him but him. After all, you couldn’t tell if a giant Wyrm the length of a skyscraper breathing phosphorus all over your face was a prime example of its species—or severely out of shape.
Rhisveri was in decent shape. Let it be known! Not that he went to anyone for advice. Or made an effort.
Fithea vouched he looked fine, and her half-remembered scale tonics seemed fairly good. Rhisveri puffed along as he went to his customary resting place, closer to where his fake body, the Duke Rhisveri, slept. Maybe he could put in a good hour—two hours every day. Not that he was going to war, but…
Female Wyrms. He could still smell it. That damned—Ryoka was tracking it all over his palace. Rhisveri had profound admiration for this unknown lady—
And a growing suspicion she was some kind of depraved manipulator. Well, that was what Wyrms were allegedly supposed to be. Rhisveri…wouldn’t know. He had read every book in existence, but he wouldn’t know. He had only ever met his family. And they could all tell you that their relationship had always been…well. Wyrm-like.
When he took control of the Duke Rhisveri, the Wyrm himself devoted much of his ‘self’ to the image. Not everything, but he certainly didn’t try to split himself up. After all, you heard stories about the mind-traps you ran into going all-in or too far removed, and Sophridel had all the anecdotes. Human Rhisveri functioned well because he was close to the original body.
Rhisveri’s main body lay there, occasionally moving about to eat or do whatever it pleased…much like someone lying on a metaphorical couch and watching television might pass an entire day without a conscious thought. However! It wasn’t slothfulness!
Not entirely. He had important tasks to fulfill, even if some were beneath him, and so, when Duke Rhisveri strode out of his spartan rooms, undecorated, only so his body didn’t get a crick in the neck, he picked up the first object, scrutinized it, sighed dramatically, and waved his hand.
Fifty-eight done, and more all day. Well, he’d pick the rest up. They flew into his personal bag of holding and he was off.
