8.56
Page 28
Oh. She’d known she had done something at the Agelum’s gathering, or they had—but Ryoka still blinked. She hesitated.
“I only met them briefly, Rhisveri. But—from what I remember—Sikeri wore a Human’s guise for most of the party where I met her. The same with the others. When I saw her in truth, she looked like a Wyrm two hundred feet tall. But I think even that was a copy. Her scales were…”
Her mouth worked, and Ryoka was glad she had prepared this.
“…byzantium and onyx. She had a crest and perhaps even fins, running down her body. One on her head, and then along her sides. They were a darker red, like crimson or blood. Her sisters looked slightly different. One of her sisters had that; the others were different. One had six legs, the other had something like fur on her underbelly. The first sister had a yellow—bright yellow scale pattern, like a mushroom, running down to earthy—loamy brown—”
Rhisveri listened like a hungry man staring at a plate of food as Ryoka tried to use adjectives. Sinuous, serpentine—she nearly said ‘Draconic’, but caught herself. How did you describe a Wyrm in a term another Wyrm might like?
Coloration made him interested, but he did a little wiggle when she mentioned the fins, so Ryoka began describing nuance, like the tinted claws on one of the sisters’ legs, like they were made of colored glass, or, now she remembered it, the tips of Sikeri’s teeth being a brighter orange.
She was just getting into trying to encapsulate their vocal range and was trying to figure out how to describe how they moved when Rhisveri broke in.
“Yes, yes. Enough about their appearances.”
Ryoka bit her tongue. Had she bungled it? But Rhisveri didn’t look annoyed as he lay on his claws. He only had two, but they supported his upper torso. He rested his head lower, frowning at Ryoka.
“Beautiful. I am sure your words do them little justice, but I am also sure they were all striking. Enough. I am not a fool. You do not need to describe their sheer…physicality.”
He shuddered again. Ryoka eyed him, and Rhisveri shook his head a few times, left to right. He glared at her as if it were her fault and exhaled again. Once again, that smell hit her. It was faintly familiar. She frowned, but then Rhisveri looked at her.
“That is not what I wished to know. I merely asked because—those Wyrms. The ones you saw, however briefly. Did they seem…happy?”
The Wind Runner stared at Rhisveri. Oh. Oh.
She had done her job very well. He was quite different from the Dragon she had met. Angrier, and, she thought, younger. More active, and far more involved—at least until recently. But that expression.
They all had it. From Fierre to Ivolethe to Rhisveri. That weary melancholy.
The weight of immortality. Ryoka swallowed.
“I…don’t know. They were living together, squabbling, the three I met. Sikeri was after something so she was focused? She ate quite a lot.”
“Hm. You say you met three. Sisters? Tell me again.”
So Ryoka did. She related in brief part of her journey to the lands of the fae as it pertained to the three sisters. Rhisveri snorted.
“So they appeared to be…women? Living in the same home until you saw them differently? Strange rules for a strange place. What was the handbag?”
“I don’t know. They did claim they were kin to Sikeri, but even greater than she.”
“Fascinating. Yet they feared the…the man whose signature you so carelessly show around.”
Rhisveri eyed Ryoka’s bag of holding. She touched it and he spoke.
“Do not show it to me. It—bothers me.”
She nodded. Rhisveri went on.
