8.56
Page 30
“Yes, that’s an oversimplification. They’re all individuals, but my limited observation and understanding from texts was that, while they fought within their groups as any society does, they truly clashed en masse. Frost Dragons versus Earth Dragons. Flame versus Void, and so on.”
Ryoka’s train of thought trying to run ahead of this conversation and play for what she needed suddenly derailed. She leaned forwards.
“Wait, Frost versus Earth? So they are elemental types, aren’t they? Was that just an example or is it usual? Why would ice and earth fight? Would it be, um, Frost Dragons versus Flame Dragons? And would they all have the same scale color? Because I’d expect fire Dragons to be red.”
But Teriarch was brass and he breathed fire. Rhisveri gave Ryoka such a supercilious look that she instantly flushed. He bent lower.
“I can see you haven’t talked to Dragons overlong, or one would have corrected you. Why would they adhere to a simple system like that? Frost hates fire? That’s so…reductionist.”
“What? Isn’t it logical?”
He went pft in her face. Ryoka braced herself against the exhalation of wind. Rhisveri rolled his eyes.
“Spare me. If anything, fire would find frost a rival because the elements oppose each other. A worthy rival or a diametrically opposed point of view. Flame would dominate earth and metallic elements while finding rivals among lightning and other energies—and while they would have an advantage, their greatest allies might be Earth Dragons, as one grows from the other. Of course, under your schema—how would you distinguish a Dragon with crimson scales to one that has, say, bronze scales if both breathe fire? Gold?”
Ryoka hesitated.
“I—would assume that they’re all part of the same fire element, I guess. Or maybe that different scale colors, uh, mean different ranks or perhaps temperaments? Gold is nobility?”
“Gold is nob—are you one of those Humans that ascribes superiority to skin tone?”
“What? No!”
Rhisveri glared at her.
“Well, you seem to have a very jaundiced opinion of how other species are valued by color.”
Ryoka was so appalled she couldn’t respond. Rhisveri grumbled.
“Gold is superior. Hah! I can see you haven’t thought this out. I should have liked you to meet a red-scaled Dragon, vouchsafed your ignorance, and had said Dragon breathe a blood mist all over you. Heh. That would be amusing.”
He chuckled to himself.
“Blood mist. Blood Dragons. It’s red so it must be hot. Hah. Hahahaha…”
The Wyrm’s head rolled over and his entire body slowly began to rotate as he chuckled, laying on his side. Ryoka Griffin stared at Rhisveri, and now she was dead sure. She stood up, incredulous.
“…Are you drunk?”
Rhisveri’s head snapped up. He turned to her, and she caught another whiff of his breath. The fruit scent! Rhisveri hesitated.
“Inebriated. Yes.”
“But—I—this is an audience!”
“So? It’s a pain in my entire being. I had to waste an entire day watching idiots hit balls with sticks, clean up a forest filled with bugs, and had a mortal woman harangue me about your mess. Did you think I’d sweep aside my entire schedule for you? That this is the most important thing I have to do all day?”
He slapped his tail for emphasis. Ryoka saw his expression shift, and his tone grew defensive.
“What kind of immortal creature would not partake of every kind of comfort and luxury available? Yes, I drink. I also bathe, exercise, and enjoy fine literature and the arts. What, should I wallow in my own filth and count gold coins all day like a Dragon?”
Ryoka bit her tongue. Rhisveri eyed her, and his expression grew amused again.
