8.56
Page 23
Paxere threw the ball hard against a Lucifen batter—then Nemed. She struck both out. Three strikes, three swings each time, much to their loud complaints. She didn’t have perfect control; sometimes they went up or down or sideways around the strike zone, and the batters swung on everything, forgetting they could walk a base.
Uzine caught everything. They were decently fast balls, too! Ryoka thought she would have fumbled at least one, but he caught each one perfectly. Then, as Paxere was strutting about, he called out.
“Paxere? Throw a ball for me! Nemed, hand me that bat, would you? I’m too invigorated to sit still.”
Instantly, all the older Lucifen, the [Housemistress], and the servants began objecting. But Gadrea and the other Agelum encouraged Uzine. He reached for the bat the reluctant Nemed handed him and stood up, rather fluidly.
“Nonsense. Three swings.”
“Uzine, this is unnecessary.”
Visophecin appeared, as he was wont to do, but the Agelum waved him off with a frown.
“I will happily lie in bed all day, but I feel strong enough. I will compromise—Nemed can run the bases if I hit the ball, agreed?”
Visophecin exhaled, but nodded. He looked at Paxere and she set herself. Ryoka saw him murmur and her nod, though he wasn’t audible at all…
“I think he ordered her to strike Uzine out. So he doesn’t connect and hurt himself.”
Gadrea remarked. They were all sitting together on the grass; Gadrea had left her chair to sit on a blanket. The Agelum smiled brightly as Ryoka looked at her.
“Which is worse, swinging the bat three times or hitting the ball?”
“Oh, either is just tiring. It’s not doing, it’s the effort. But Uzine won’t rest until he’s had a good swing, so Visophecin is right.”
Indeed, Paxere looked resigned as she tossed the ball up—and Ryoka saw it drop faster than gravity should allow. The Lucifen’s body began to accelerate.
“Speed spells?”
Ryoka guessed. She saw someone nod. Fithea. The Dryad was watching, resting in the grass, her illusion being a short Dwarf woman while Gilaw lay with her head in Fithea’s lap; she had refused to play.
So had Menorkel. Both watched as Uzine swung the bat twice, then decided he was ready. Paxere stepped back, and this time she pulled her arm back, going for the pitcher’s throw despite never having practiced. When she let go, the ball flashed across the ground.
A magical pitch. Ryoka didn’t even have time to process it because Uzine swung so fast she only heard the clang—a shout of alarm from Paxere who ducked, too late—
And the sound of a crack as the baseball hit a tree, and promptly exploded. As did part of the tree. Everyone stared at the broken tree as Uzine scratched at his head. Nemed hesitated…was he supposed to run around or what?
The servants, four Thirsting Veil [Knights], and Ryoka all stared at Uzine. The Agelum sat back down in his chair, and with a broad smile, wheeled himself back over to the catcher’s spot.
“Ah, if only I could do that all day. I may have to rest.”
He looked tired but exuberant. Ryoka stared at him, and then at Visophecin’s resigned expression as he regarded all the mortals.
Well…no wonder they’d survived this long. Lucifen with magic and cunning. Agelum?
Dream team baseball players.
 
——
 
Ryoka Griffin watched the others play baseball. She even joined in, pitching and doing a run around the bases with a lucky hit. Uzine’s phenomenal hit took the top charts until Menorkel was asked to step up. Everyone backed up far for him, but the Titan just sighed.
“Are you sure?”
“Just one hit!”
