8.56
Page 14
“I’m sure you do! There’s nothing to be ashamed of. Ah, is it me? I know I’m quite old, but I was young once. I won’t embarrass you further, though I have stories I could tell. I just wanted to tell you that Visophecin will have a word with Duke Rhisveri and smooth things over. If there is trouble, you will come here. Love should not matter in affairs of state or gossip. Let alone be a cause for censure. You are a [Knight] of Ailendamus, and you should be stealing kisses from whomever you please.”
He looked at her. Chorisa felt weak in the knees and was glad she was sitting down. Uzine smiled as she searched for words.
“I know it is unconventional, so I tend not to go to court—as if I could, regularly. But I have never cared, and no one in House Shoel will bother others on that. Or we’ll throw mud at them. Lucifen—that is, Visophecin’s side have their laws. We have ours. You would have done well if you’d grown up here. Many [Knights] have. Eclizza did, and I think she mentioned a Chorisa once. Hence me seeking you out.”
The young woman’s eyes widened. She looked up.
“You know—kn—knew Dame Eclizza?”
Uzine smiled sadly.
“I did. I did not know she passed until recently. The crown has not announced it. A tragedy. She grew up in these walls. Come—we will go and find something.”
A girl had once scrawled on these very walls. Chorisa had already been misty-eyed, but then she did weep to see it—especially that Eclizza had spelled her name wrong. Uzine patted her hand, still smiling.
“Forget this silliness over who was found in whose bed. Go back and romance half your Order, Dame Chorisa. Then—train. Then, live. If you must come here, you will be welcome. And then, you will hunt down the thing that killed her and bring it to justice.”
She looked at him. The Agelum’s eyes were bright.
“The Death of Magic did this, so I am told. Well then, Dame Chorisa. Be it you or any other, Ailendamus shall not forget. Level and live. For its sins—even Death shall die.”
Chorisa sank to one knee. She took his hand, and if he asked her to, she would have sworn herself to his service in a second. He smiled like the sun—no, like a tempest of light. Burn out bright and hot.
 
——
 
The Agelum scared the ever-loving hell out of Ryoka. Even more than the Lucifen, and they scared her to bits.
The idea of a devil, even as a species, was one thing. But the Agelum? She looked at them, from Gadrea to Razia with their vaguely…biblical names. She heard voices as she shook their hands and they teased her.
“How many [Knights] is enough in one bed, eh? Four? To be young again—”
“So you’re the girl who had Visophecin all riled up? Visophecin, tell us again—don’t be so coy! I think we may actually make him blush.”
They were her own voices that whispered to her. But it came out in the first hour of interactions with the Agelum. The Lucifen were reserved; they watched Ryoka like hawks watching an interesting prey, and she thought she understood them.
Predators of people. Humanity’s natural, only counter. Curious and dispassionate, like Visophecin was. Incapable of empathy, but not thoughtless; highly intelligent and moral in their own way.
They certainly bowed and fussed over Fithea, listening to her respectfully and going as far as to fetch things for her themselves.
Nemed and the Merfolk were wary, but jested with a few younger Lucifen who they knew. Interestingly, Menorkel and Gilaw hung back, and the Lucifen were more rival-ish with them, asking how Menorkel’s ‘training’ was going and suggesting they race Gilaw. There were younger members of the Lucifen—none of the Agelum.
