8.56
Page 17
The Agelum were whispering. Half the Lucifen, Visophecin included, were taking notes on sheets of paper. They were fascinated.
“So we are only legends in your…world?”
Gadrea stumbled over that last bit. Ryoka was glad to see it, because it meant they were just as amazed as she had been. She nodded.
“Yes. As far as I know. Which, now I’m beginning to wonder about. Magic is a myth there, too.”
“Then how does anything function? No magic? You mean, no spellcasting, right, or is the entire place just a void?”
Ryoka Griffin pretended to think. She glanced up.
“Well…we do have legends. So that implies perhaps there’s a truth to them. Maybe they could be there if there’s no magic?”
A withered voice. Fithea, sitting forwards.
“Not in a void. Some creatures—my people do not need it to live, but our great forests would never grow to fruition. Not without something. The trees of ages would produce more, but without a drop…”
“Fithea.”
Visophecin glanced at her, but the Dryad barely blinked. Ryoka memorized that. Yes, she was dancing. Bob and weave and duck.
“So, we are so common as to be known by all of your people?”
Azemith asked, eyes searching Ryoka. The young woman hesitated.
“Not by all peoples—I know Devils and Angels specifically. Which is why I associated Visophecin with danger. I would have thought you two would quarrel. And that you would have your own place. Heaven and Hell—but not Rhir. Unless that’s literal?”
“No. The oldest of us told us that in ancient memory, once—”
Razia broke off. Ryoka exhaled, but kept her face blank. Yes. Yes.
Last time she’d done this, it had been the other way. Magnolia Reinhart vs Ryoka, newly come to this world, and it had been a disaster. Ryoka had been too paranoid to say anything, and what she refused to say might have put Magnolia onto…everything.
This time? She spilled the tea. She said all the words they wanted to hear. She told them the stories of Angels and Demons and their own myths, from Griffins to Rocs, and how people didn’t believe them in a world full of Humans.
What Ryoka gained from this was what they said. So, Agelum and Lucifen had lived somewhere else. And—Ryoka Griffin kept speaking. The next person to press her was Visophecin, and he did it far better than the others.
“Is there evidence of any common link between your world and mine? Does yours have a name? We have many for ours, but they are what each people calls it. Simple names. The land. The world. Firmament. Others have specific names…such as the Drakes. The Fraer-folk. And now I wonder why some have names and others not.”
Ryoka Griffin smiled. That was a loaded question full of careful traps. So she answered.
“I don’t know. Aside from stories? Everything that is a story in my world is real in yours, but different. For instance, I was led to believe when I came here that a Devil stole souls.”
“Well, that sounds just fascinating.”
One of them called out. There was laughter—and Ryoka saw Visophecin quell it with one hand. Clever. The problem was he had an audience and he was realizing that was a mistake. Ryoka went on, blithely.
“—It might honestly be we know something of this world from a common link. After all, the Fae have gateways to both. They have gateways everywhere, so the truth being legend in another world could be just as likely as us having tons of extinct or hiding people.”
“I see. Yet how did—”
Visophecin broke off as Fithea leaned forwards.
“Ah. That land! The Farthest Travellers! So the gateways remain?”
She was so hungry, so desperate, everyone else had to sit back. Ryoka met Fithea’s eyes.
