8.56
Page 42
“Miss Ryoka Griffin? You are pardoned. I will consider your attempted theft mitigated for the price of…mm. Ten of those coins.”
She dropped them on the ground, face blank. He smiled and levitated them up. They flashed past Ryoka, and Rhisveri nodded.
“You are free to go. We will discuss Sammial Veltras later—given House Veltras’ attacks on Ailendamus? He is a prisoner still. I invite you to join the bidding, although I do not think you’ll win—or how it will take place. But I am content to wait. Years if need be. I do not think it will be so long. Oh—and look at this.”
He lifted something up.
“Extraordinary.”
Someone had tossed something before the gates closed. A…handkerchief. From no less than Sikeri herself. Ryoka stared at the huge, house-sized blanket. Rhisveri patted it against his head.
“It feels quite nice. Yes, indeed, I think I won’t regret the trade. But just so we’re clear.”
He smiled at her.
“If you try to steal my scroll, I will kill you. If you tell the others—you will know my full wrath. There will be no next time. Have a good night. I would be quite willing to chat with you another day, but you seem tired.”
Ryoka had stumbled away. She had to steal that damned scroll. She had to…
He had it under guard. Would someone pay for it? What would they trade? What could they trade?
No stick for him. They’d trade the lever to move the world for it—and she just bet they could. She…she…
Would Ailendamus fight Rhir? Would they truly be allies? But for Erin. But for Erin…Ryoka closed her eyes. But for Erin, how evil were they? That lonely giant snake. The strange goodness and wrongness of Ailendamus.
She sagged against a wall as Visophecin strode in to ask Rhisveri what had happened and get no answers. Ryoka stumbled through the palace.
It was near nightfall and everyone was smiling. Some people wanted to say ‘hello’ to the Wind Runner. Queen Oiena of Ailendamus herself spotted Ryoka amidst the gathering and celebrations.
“There you are. I was told you were with Viscount Visophecin. Has he returned? Fortuitous, but you, my Gura-loving girl, will speak to me. And I will—”
She hesitated. She was back to being ready to kick Ryoka out a window, but one glance at Ryoka’s face and the [Queen] whirled.
“Someone fetch a [Healer]. Has the Viscount done something? Fetch me the Royal Guard—”
“I’m fine. Visophecin didn’t do anything. Look how good I am.”
Ryoka put her head down. Queen Oiena reached for her, but her bodyguard stopped her.
“Your Majesty, she’s either sick or hexed or about to vomit.”
Ryoka was probably number three. Queen Oiena looked around.
“Get her out of the way, then. We might as well not ruin the moment…”
The Wind Runner heard something weird as a [Healer] strode over, took one look at her face, and found a barf bucket. She sat there, breathing in and out and trying to make sense of it all. What about no scroll? What about asking Visophecin—what would happen? Ryoka messed up everything. The consequences? She couldn’t even imagine it!
What if Nama got her family, though? Even just one? What if King Arthur returned? What if…
What if it brought back Titania?
Ryoka’s head slowly rose. A thought. No. What if…
Oh, Erin. Her heart hurt. Ryoka was so overwhelmed and distraught, she didn’t even hear it at first. But then she did, because it sank into her head. Cheering and laughter—she looked around as Queen Oiena patted her hand.
“Wasgoingon.”
“Is that…language? Courier Ryoka, we should take you away.”
