8.56
Page 40
The stone archway collapsed as he let go of the magic. It was just old stone, after all. But that tiny, infinitesimal tear in the fabric of the world? It opened a fraction wider and the Wyrm turned pale.
 
——
 
Who was saying his name? Why was he risking it? The fool! The—
Five figures fled from Terandria as fast as possible. It was a possible opening! A place to invade—they made tracks. It was—they hid in the dark sea. There was just one of him, and they were—
They avoided that gaze and the touch of fall itself. They weren’t afraid! It just wasn’t time. Not yet.
Not yet.
 
——
 
It would be death, this time. The Court of the Fae waited. One of them stood alone, amid fading colors.
The Court of the Summer Fae was over. Fall and winter ruled, and, thusly, they changed. All but he. Like her—like Ivolethe, who now stood among the first in the Winter Court, he refused to change.
Melidore. One of the eldest of the Fae. One of the first of their number. It was not said lightly. He stood by the King of Fae himself, and his expression was thunderous.
Did that girl think this was done lightly? A door was closed and sealed. Sealed and closed—and only one in all of the lands of the fae could do it.
Oberon. Now, he had to reopen it and he did. Why? It was not a monumental task, but it took his strength. Melidore did not know why, but he knew it would be death this time.
If the answer did not suit him, he would violate hospitality itself. Not to go to that damned land and give another weapon to the Enemy’s hands. No.
Rather, he would go among the terrified women standing before the throne. They had been summoned, of course.
Just like last time. They had been called, and the court convened. They were all here again.
Three Kings, young, in his prime, and old, bearing the true blade which echoed across realities.
A bevy of proud folk, escorting a little child who had sold his stick for quite a lot—as he saw it. Their wings furled and unfurled with impatience as they eyed the terrified group of women with a disdain only reserved for family, albeit distant.
A Phoenix, preening his feathers with a handbag around his neck.
Ivolethe, of course, and the younger Fae who had known her.
Nama.
And in the center, facing the throne as the doorway opened—Sikeri’val-Toreshio-Maresssui. The Wyrm saw Melidore staring at her, hand on a sword. She avoided his gaze, staring at the opening rift.
Not just her, though. All of the Wyrms had been summoned. All came, despite their arrogance. They quailed before this throne. And Melidore’s wrath.
If the answer displeased him, he would go among them and slaughter them all. No matter the punishment. Enough.
The door opened and there she was. Ivolethe sighed as Ryoka Griffin appeared. But it was not she who had said the name thrice, with intention and daring.
Rhisveri Zessoprical saw the figure on the throne and quailed. But then his eyes spotted the women. They looked like women, Human women, with different shades of skin and hair styles—until you looked at them differently. Ryoka Griffin saw…
Her knees shook.
Wyrm gazed upon Wyrm, and the lone male Wyrm between two worlds raised his head proudly. He bowed it, first to the throne, then to his kin.
“King of the Fae. I am Rhisveri, Ruler of Ailendamus. I thank you for—meeting with me. I have an offer to place before the lands of the Farthest Travellers.”
“You invoke his name lightly, Wyrm. Speak your reasons and be they well. Or you shall die.”
