8.56
Page 36
Why did he laugh like that? Why was he drunk? Ryoka Griffin’s eyes flickered. It was something primal. It wasn’t about personality or will…it went to the very heart of species. Of biology. If he wasn’t like a snake…no.
“No.”
“Yes. Say it.”
He bent low, his expression eager. Wanting her to voice it. Ryoka’s lips rasped together. Instantly, a cup of water appeared. She hesitated, wet her lips. Looked up at Rhisveri and guessed the joke.
“The…when a Wyrm mates with another Wyrm. What…what happens to the male Wyrm?”
A grin. Pleased as could be.
“It will be the most rapturous moment of my life. The last. When two Wyrms meet, the male dies and the female devours him that life will spawn.”
Oh. Ryoka Griffin sat there and Rhisveri giggled, laughed at her.
“Perhaps she thought I wouldn’t know! Or that I would be so tempted. And I am! I have never felt such desire! But I am no beast! I have mastered myself. I want, but I will not fall. It would be a glorious thing. Wyrms beyond counting. You talk of her like she is a legend as great as any Wyrm of this world. And I? I am the mightiest Wyrm, even by old days.”
He preened himself, rubbing his head against his scales. Ryoka saw Rhisveri sigh.
“The more powerful a Wyrm is, the more spawn they create.”
“What? How does that work? That’s not…”
He snorted.
“Oh, what would you know? Do you think Dragons and Wyrms have normal, mortal biologies? You probably have no clue how you make children. You are aware you can’t make any with females, aren’t you? That you contain the seeds of life within—”
“I’m aware I have ovaries, yes! I know I have eggs!”
Rhisveri recoiled. He stared at Ryoka.
“Ah. Other worlds. Well at least one of them has an adequate knowledge of biology…ahem.”
He coughed.
“Dragons and Wyrms do not have what you have. How could we, as old as we become? We match and mingle essences. A female Wyrm can create new life—but she requires a source and energy for it. Where does that come from, the other half of the equation?”
“The male Wyrm. So it’s mandatory.”
Rhisveri smiled bleakly.
“Exactly. With the power I sense from her and my own? It would be…”
His body trembled.
“Beyond counting. Our spawn would be no hundreds of thousands. Millions. Tens of millions.”
Ryoka felt a chill in her bones at the thought. Those were…and if they came from the lands of the fae and got to the gateways?
World-ending numbers. Multiple realities with Wyrms growing, entering through gateways…Rhisveri saw her expression and laughed.
“So you see, it benefits neither you nor me. And you had no idea, believing you had temptation.”
“I…isn’t there another way? Surely Dragons and Wyrms—”
He snorted.
“Experimented? Of course, I would bet they even achieved success. But if so—they did not care to bring countless false or temporary lives into this world, just to watch them die. What parent wishes to watch their children die, again, and again, over countless aeons? That is the flaw in our reproduction. Not that I die—not that alone. Simply because we grow too old.”
He waved his tail.
“Enough. Enough. I am tempted. You bring me fair distractions and I would like to meet this other Wyrm…but not die.”
He paused.
“Not die. I am no altruist. I am selfish, willing to do what I must to survive, and Wyrms are superior to Dragons. We grow without end. They only grow in magic. We populate like grains of sand on the beach and we are born strong and deadly. We even have powers that Dragons must work to match. Perhaps that is why Crelers took so much from us.”
Ryoka jerked.
“Crelers? Crelers are made based on—”
