8.56
Page 15
Ryoka could see why. The Agelum were weak; not dying—not more than anyone was—but distinctly mortal for some reason. Too weak to stand, though some did to shake her hand before they were forced to rest.
Yet they were far, far scarier to Ryoka. She looked them in their odd eyes, thought of the original forms of Angels in mythology…and heard voices.
Be not afraid. I bring you tidings of great joy.
Given what she knew of…dead things…they were scary as shit. But not just that. If they could but stand, if they were healthier—these were the people Ryoka could see leading an army to war. She even felt it herself. If ever a crusade were to march on hell, the Agelum would lead the charge.
Only, in this version of hell, the Lucifen would probably have already opened the gates and set out tea and snacks for everyone. Ryoka felt dizzy.
“I would have thought both, uh, families wouldn’t get along.”
Her first unguarded comment to Gadrea, Visophecin, Razia, and two polite Lucifen after all the introductions and the ice cream recipe was revealing.
Instantly, the two Lucifen traded a glance. Gadrea raised her eyebrows, and her odd, deep blue veins in her pale skin moved as she raised a hand.
“So you do know of us. You have legends among your people? You are not of this world, so Agelum and Lucifen exist in others, even as ideas. Do we exist? Or are we stories? We were stories, but we’ve erased even those. And we did hate each other, until it became clear neither one of us would survive alone and possibly not together.”
Ryoka’s jaw opened. She’d pulled that from a one-line sentence? Her teeth clamped together and the Viscount gave Gadrea a slow look of warning.
“Gadrea, Ryoka has expressed a desire for secrecy. It is a delicate negotiation.”
One of her eyes swivelled to him; she had a tri-pupil eye and a dual-one.
“Visophecin, you play too many games of subtlety. This is the only time I will get to meet Miss Ryoka, in all likelihood! It may be secret—but surely she will trade answers with me. Have you played ‘Twenty Answers’, Ryoka?”
Oh dead gods. Magnolia Reinhart swam in Ryoka’s mind. First the fist-fights, now this. She bit her tongue.
“It’s…I’m sorry to say that there are things I don’t wish to reveal, Lady Gadrea.”
The Agelum frowned. One of the two Lucifen, who looked like a couple, leaned forwards. She had dark, wavy, red-black hair, a piercing stare, and long fingernails. Visophecin had introduced her as ‘Azemith’.
“Given how interesting she is, and how essential you described this moment for Ailendamus’ future, have you not considered asking more pointedly, Visophecin? We could…break for two hours. I would happily go to a private room and inquire with Miss Griffin, then come back and report.”
She bared her teeth. Ryoka edged over in her seat as the other Lucifen chuckled. Visophecin fixed the two with a flat look.
“Azemith, Igolze. Courier Griffin is a guest of Rhisveri. A prisoner of the crown and emissary from afar. Make it clear to the family—again—that no one is to compromise Ailendamus’ position.”
Azemith replied without looking at Visophecin. She was studying Ryoka, like someone might study a fascinating handbag in the store.
“I could be sweet. Although it’s far swifter to be direct. She has no classes. It would take no time at all.”
Gadrea smiled.
“And I would object, cousin. Let us not come to blows; Ryoka is my guest.”
