8.56
Page 3
They were acting…off. And that was not a good thing when people who knew the infamous Shield Kingdom said that A’ctelios was giving them bad vibes.
As long as it doesn’t start blinking, we’re fine, and Khelt can arguably deal with it. Yes—that’s a nice idea. Khelt can definitely check A’ctelios.
Well, that was it for modern news. Rhisveri did not care about petty drama. He refused to watch Wistram’s annoying network and let Itorin deal with those matters, which he was eminently capable of doing. His concerns were now towards Ailendamus for the day and her—but he actually had more work besides that.
“Servant!”
Duke Rhisveri barked. And there was one. The Duke was a famous presence in Ailendamus, and so the instant he had emerged, almost like clockwork just past dawn, a few people with [Nerves of Steel] and [Implacable Demeanor] Skills had squared up for one of the least-envied jobs in the palace.
“Your Grace?”
No less than a [Cogwork Bureaucrat] was first in line. A very interesting class…which Rhisveri had cultivated after understanding its benefits. The man looked like most people’s image of a slightly fussy official, and Rhisveri wondered if it was the class.
“You’re the competent one.”
“Yes, Your Grace?”
Rhisveri grunted.
“Good. Get these to the forest up north. The one with all the damned centipedes in the wood. These are the scrolls Fithea has been bothering me about. I’ll give you the rest later.”
He waved a finger and fifty-eight scrolls appeared out of his bag of holding and clattered into a pile at the man’s feet. The [Bureaucrat] saw a few other [Servants] stare at him, wincing, but all he did was bow.
“At once, Your Grace.”
And that was it. He didn’t say ‘what, how?’, or ‘how should I organize this?’, or ‘why me?’. That last question would have gotten him booted out a window.
[Cogwork Bureaucrat]. A class for someone who fit into Ailendamus’ system and kept it running. He knew where the servants to pick things up were. He knew how to look up ‘the forest up north’ that was suffering from a plague of wood-eating centipedes who were driving the half-Elves insane.
And he knew how to contact the [Druids] and adventurers to use the scrolls of [Insect Bane], the officials to organize the extermination with regular militia and [Knights], and get a [Message] out informing them a Courier or fast City Runner was inbound with the scrolls.
He was a handy man, and Rhisveri had done him the great honor of remembering he was one of the competent ones. Presumably, he had a life, a family, ambitions and passions, and he very helpfully did not ever tell Rhisveri what they were or bring these problems up when the Duke needed something.
Rhisveri’s contribution to this internal affair was the scrolls. Normally, he’d make someone else deal with it, but Fithea…and so he was spending his mana pool and time mass-producing [Insect Bane] scrolls. Boring, but about a week faster than if they made an academy or their scroll production facilities do it, and it was trees.
You had to humor the others on things like that. With Fithea, it was trees. Sophridel, his Court of Masks and those damned plays which he wanted so badly. Rhisveri was paying for plays, but not to ship the Players of Celum all the way out here—even if they could be bought!
Culnous, leader of the merfolk, demanded pure water, which was fair since he had to swim in the stuff. Everyone made sure Visophecin and his family got their deliveries on time, since there was nothing like hungry Lucifen for a bad mood. Gilaw, the newest one, got, uh…extra-large feather combs?
