8.56
Page 31
“…Does the Dragon you know do that? That’s so typical.”
He laughed to himself. Ryoka waved a hand. She felt like this conversation was getting away from her.
“Rhisveri. I have come to you on behalf of—I have come bearing coin from a foreign land. I know you think I am a thief, but I honestly wish to make amends and ask—ask if there is anything I can do to purchase or trade for the object I tried to steal. It is something I need. Will you hear my petition, seriously?”
It was like she’d tossed a potion of sobering into his mouth. As soon as she mentioned the artifact, the scroll, Rhisveri grew still. His head rose, and his eyes turned back to her, suddenly sharp again.
“Ah. So the pleasantries end. Just as I thought your company was almost tolerable.”
Ryoka met his gaze.
“I’m sorry to spoil the mood. But I thought…”
The Wyrm looked at her once more and he sighed. He sighed, grew visibly angry, furious.
“Yes, you tried to steal it! You snuck into my treasury, bypassing my guards, all to steal—if you had, do you know what I would have done? I would have destroyed Izril. Destroyed your precious House Veltras, and raised every army against you. Do you know what you tried to steal?”
He rose higher, his voice booming. Rhisveri snarled—looked at her expression—and hesitated.
“You don’t. Do you? Even now, you don’t know. You found out, somehow. How?”
“I…the Fae aided me. It was a kind of prophecy. That was what could help me save my friend. The surest, best way.”
The Wyrm cursed.
“Prophecy. [Oracles]! I have warded every means—except for the Farthest Travellers. No wonder. Well, it is safeguarded a hundred times over. You shall not have it. And before you ask—you could never pay for it. Not you.”
“I have—”
Ryoka spilled some of the stones from her bag of holding as she reached for a handful. Rhisveri snorted.
“Coins. I know their worth. But they are still coins. Do you think what you tried to steal was cheap? You have no idea! You have…”
He caught himself. Ryoka saw his lips quivering. He wanted to tell her. In that, he was like Teriarch, pointing out his own hoard.
“What could be so valuable? At least tell me what it is.”
She tried to coax him. The Wyrm glared.
“Do I look like a half-wit? That object—its value? Why would I tell you its worth? What would that gain me, except more danger, especially if I let you live? Especially if I know you cannot pay for it?”
“Could I pay to know…?”
Ryoka reached for the autograph, the obol. Rhisveri laughed in her face again.
“Everything you own wouldn’t be enough for me to risk telling you!”
Her skin prickled. That…that told her something. Ryoka wasn’t a fool. She had thought long and hard about what could possibly be used to help Erin. She had a few ideas, but they were all ridiculous. Impossible.
Except in a world that followed the rules of a game.
The Wyrm read her expression. Somehow, he grew calmer still.
“Yes. Yes, that’s right. Do you understand? That is the most valuable object in my entire treasury bar none. Somehow, you went for it. Terrifying. Infuriating. It has cost me and Ailendamus the lives of brave—of useful tools. Of a Great Knight. I put that death between us. And you cannot even pay me that cost, even with the strange objects you hold. For I value it higher.”
Ryoka waited, heart sinking. Rhisveri looked at her and thought of the Agelum and Lucifen. His head bowed deeply. He spoke.
