8.56
Page 4
The point was that each one mattered, in a way that concerned Rhisveri more than anything else. They were all that mattered, in a sense. Ailendamus’ secret heart. Rhisveri mattered most of all, of course, but that was the trouble. Fithea wanted answers. She was taking Ryoka’s side.
Ah, Ryoka. Now it was time for the annoying part of his day. The Duke looked around.
“Prepare the Thief—the Wind Runner for a conversation with me. At…midday. Knock before entering. That is all. Unless my brother wants me. No? Then go.”
He strode along, on one last errand before he dealt with her. Memories of yesterday flooded in and Rhisveri shook his head.
“Just disgraceful. Mortals. Let me see. Let me see…”
He reached his destination, pulled something out, and raised his voice.
“I have the book. Here it is. Goodbye.”
The Duke slapped a book down on a table as he walked into one of the private libraries. He glared at a cool-eyed figure standing there, and backed away. Damned things. He never should have created public libraries.
[Librarians]. It was too much of a bother when they were on you for missing books. Not that they were avenging warriors of death and destruction when you failed to return a book—they just shouted like that. They didn’t have that overwhelmingly powerful Skills, but some were incredibly inconvenient, like the ability to teleport to said book and grab it.
He’d had to squish three over the course of his long life, and felt vaguely bad about it.
Not in Ailendamus, of course. Rhisveri huffed back the way he’d come, still mad about having to return the book in the first place. He just erased their memories and they founded a library in a city somewhere else. But…it was something. He hadn’t actually clashed with that many of his kin, but a few times he’d done great battle over treasures in a hoard with another immortal species.
But [Librarians]? You killed them, then you took their library and felt a bit bad and kept dusting off the books. Depressing.
“Although the one who could cast spells from the spellbooks in his library without being a [Mage] was a threat.”
The [Librarians] of Ailendamus were not there yet, but Rhisveri had high hopes. Classes, that was the thing. The thing he would never have was varied, unique, and interesting. He sighed. Then focused on the problem.
“Your Grace. Your Grace, I require a word.”
Rhisveri was nearly back to his sanctuary from the annoying people when one of them caught him. He turned, ready to bark at them to get lost, but it wasn’t some hanger-on or noble who thought they could befriend him. He hesitated, because this was no less than Queen Oiena of Ailendamus herself.
“Your Majesty. How may I…help you today?”
The Duke grudgingly slowed and even sketched a bow towards her. He had to. She was, in theory, the [Queen].
This had better not take long. He did not particularly like Oiena. Well, it had been a political marriage, and the woman wasn’t some harridan or a fool. She and Itorin seemed well enough to have children who looked vaguely healthy, and that was all Rhisveri wanted.
But she didn’t know who he was, and sometimes it showed. Perhaps she knew something, because she had given up trying to get to know Rhisveri—but she was even smarter then because she didn’t inquire.
She’s no Reinhart, but she has a decent network from Taimaguros and occasionally she makes use of it. [Assassins] and [Spies].
