8.57 H
Page 6
Huh. Revine had never…her aim was superlative, and it had to be since she could hit a target at extreme range, beating out an ordinary [Archer] with a longbow with her infamous [Water Spray] condensed into a pinpoint jet.
However, she had to admit, she didn’t practice the running spellcasting of adventurers. Could she do that?
Never when anyone could see me.
“I always had good aim, Omniscel, even before I went to Wistram. It’s not an ‘eye-booster’.”
Ceria was reading his notes over his shoulder. The Drake crabbed away from her.
“Stop altering my impartial observations!”
He slowly underlined ‘eye-booster’ just to spite her. Ceria shrugged. Then she went back to studying the spellbook.
“And what are you doing now?”
The Siren was of two minds on Ceria. Firstly, she realized why her [Corruptors] had been as effective as spit; Ceria was already compromised by a possibly greater force.
Was the circlet sentient? What kind of curses did it have? Could Ceria be trusted?
She was thus uncertain if training Ceria or keeping her anywhere near Runsblud was wise. There were cursed objects that transformed you or ate your mind…
But Ceria was Illphres’ apprentice. Moreover, for all her antics, she herself seemed intelligent enough to know wearing a foreign Relic was a problem.
“Are there any other curses, Omniscel? You can tell, can’t you?”
The Drake frowned.
“It’s not that easy. Sure, your average face-melting enchantment is pretty easy. That acid spell doesn’t belong. But all the real curses look like beneficial magic. So, um, if you wake up as some kind of horror in the night, I’ll be sleeping far away from your rooms. But…”
He sighed.
“—I don’t think it’s cursed like that? It’s just got enchantments that are dubiously beneficial.”
“You’re basing that on your instincts?”
The Drake looked offended. He tugged at his beard; it was real, but the Siren had heard he just used a beard-tonic for some inane reason.
“Context, Siren, context. Ceria snatched it from the lair of a powerful [Necromancer] as he was apparently killed in an ambush. You don’t leave powerful cursed objects just lying around unless you’re really sadistic or some kind of [Mastermind] who expects adventurers to try on objects like that. It sounds like this was his personal circlet. So…it’s ‘probably’ safe.”
He made air quotes with his claws. Ceria nodded.
“I could take it off, but I don’t feel any different. Just dumber. Slower.”
She lifted the circlet off her head. The Siren and Omniscel both looked skeptical. Ceria scowled at them.
“It’s actually off my head. See? I only notice the mental aspect.”
“If that’s so, then let Omniscel inspect it.”
The Siren reached out for the circlet, preparing a containing spell, and Omniscel backed up.
“Containment! Containment first—”
Ceria instantly lowered the circlet back onto her head as the Siren approached.
“…And now it’s back on.”
Revine halted, glaring at her. She got Ceria’s bland smile in return.
“What are you doing?”
“Keeping the circlet, Siren Revine. I’m not an idiot, even without it on. I don’t really want to give away a Relic-class item. I’ll never get it back if I hand it over. So…even if there’s a chance something is eating my brain, I suppose I have to take it.”
The Siren eyed Ceria.
“You don’t trust me?”
Ceria snorted. She smiled, but she raised one eyebrow and Revine blushed.
“I’m not exactly a greenhorn, Siren. But it doesn’t change the fact that I’m your guest, either. If you want to keep teaching me magic—we can definitely talk about deals. But the circlet’s off the table.”
