8.57 H
Page 30
Night fell. A storm blew into harbor. She looked up as the first drops began to hit the city. A Skill made storm.
 
——
 
Ceria Springwalker halted as she walked with the masked half-Elf across the decks of Shifthold. He gestured towards the Captain’s cabin as a figure garbed from head-to-toe in stained black bowed deeply, holding the door open.
“After you, sister.”
Alchemist Irurx bowed to his half-Elf cousin. Ceria held up a hand, her skeletal one, head turning to those distant ships. It was raining. But…she held up her hand and something fell into it.
A drop of red. It splashed over her bones. Like blood. Ceria Springwalker looked at the [Alchemist], who had ‘invited’ her to his ship.
“What’s that sound?”
Slowly, Irurx turned. He spoke in a flat voice.
“The Bloodtear Pirates. They are singing.”
She heard it now. From the ships at dock, and an echo at sea. Silencing the Garudas’ screams. Hovering over Savere. A chant to make even her skin tingle. She had never heard the like—but this was Bloodtear.
“[We Sailed Under Flags of No Quarter], [A Storm at Our Backs], [We Took No Prisoner]. [Blood in the Waters, Blood in the Sky].”
She stared out at the ships at sea. Then turned to the Alchemist. He beckoned her inside, smiling. Ceria exhaled, slowly.
“Entanglement.”
Then she walked into his cabin. The Alchemist smiled as he removed his mask. His eyes never left her face and the circlet on her head.
 
——
 
They fought in the shadow of the Glass Bazaar.
Fought, but it was an ever-doomed fight. That they did fight at all was desperation, wild courage because they knew what awaited them.
The observers watched.
“Roshal. You see them, brothers and sisters?”
One pointed them out. They too were not in the city, or rather, sprawling trading bazaar that watched on without interfering. They had been banned, and were debating their present course.
Roshal ignored them too. They had eyes only for their quarry.
[Slaves].
Hundreds. The [Slave Masters] and [Slave Takers] had them in wagons and lines, but there were so many that they required even more [Guards]. Fortunately…for Roshal, they had that many.
This was a hunting party. Across Chandrar, Roshal was moving. Where it had cowered, it now sprang up since the Death of Chains was confirmed to have left Chandrar. And in her wake, the freed [Slaves], liberated from their chains, were being pursued.
Each one would be found and reclaimed. This last, desperate group, who had fled a famous [Slave Master]—now dead—had been caught flat-footed by morning. They had weapons, and surprising numbers.
These [Slavers] had no Djinni, or they would have trampled the others in seconds. They were…cautious. Roshal had come under attack, though no one would say exactly how, only that it might be related to the Death of Chains.
So they employed mortal [Guards] and [Mercenaries] in great numbers. Not least, the [Slave Masters], the leader of whom was riding into battle with an enchanted sword. He swung it carefully, lashing with a Whip of Paralysis in his other hand. He only severed the limbs of Stitch-folk, and, one by one, the desperate band was being caught, only a few, the most defiant, killed. Each one was worth money, and the captives were being thrown with the others.
“Dark deeds. Roshal should not stand proudly, yet they do. I have thought on it long, brothers and sisters.”
One of the watchers remarked. He was eating simple bread and water, grimacing at the sight. The others nodded.
