8.57 H
Page 0

“He was right, all along. I think I knew it, deep down, or at least, I thought he had a point. But he was right. Necromancy is just magic. It is all just magic. Everything we are…”
The half-Elf hesitated. She took the circlet off her head and stared at it. She dropped it, and it rang as it struck the floor.
But it was still on her head.
“…It’s just magic. Good and evil are spells we cast to call things that. It doesn’t matter what the truth is, just how we react to things. What matters is what we believe.”
She played with the smooth, dark bone of the thin circlet. She touched the jewels set into a glittering, golden crown, heavy enough to hang low on the head. It changed. But it was hers. And it whispered to her what it was and what it could do. Or were those her thoughts?
Ceria Springwalker closed her eyes. She stood, facing the mirror, and looked at herself. The half-Elf spoke.
“What I’m trying to say is…”
She hesitated. Looked herself in the eye, and smiled.
“…I’m not very good at being pretentious. Even a magic circlet can’t stop me from being an idiot.”
Ceria grinned wider. Then she reached up and touched the circlet again.
“It’s not half-bad, though.”
A glittering circlet of bone set with a single frozen crystal as pale as ice sat on her head. A line with a single faint snowflake lattice holding the gem. Ceria nodded and closed her eyes.
“Freedom.”
She spread her arms, and the gem glowed faintly. Magic surrounded her, and her mind felt…she left something behind. Or it lost its hold on her. The circlet glowed, and she knew it had powers she hadn’t even begun to tap into.
But the first of these was this: she looked at herself and thought of everything that was, and everything that mattered to her. From a different point of view.
Free from morality. Free from conscience. Free from…everything. A mind unfettered, made more intelligent.
At last, Ceria Springwalker looked at herself. Her grin turned rueful and crooked. She touched the circlet.
“Heavy.”
She didn’t take it off.
 
——
 
They called her…Ice Squirrel.
The Frozen Chipmunk.
The Mouth of the Horns of Hammerad. Yellat-girl. Okay, the ‘Mouth’ nickname was a stretch, but she didn’t have other names.
Truly. She was just ‘Captain of the Horns of Hammerad’. Gold-rank [Cryomancer]. The Siren’s possible new squeeze. That half-Elf with the bone hand who kept eating everything in sight but was fun to drink with.
She was new to Gold-rank, so she didn’t have a nickname like Halrac the Grim. It said a lot that her greatest claim to fame was the Village of the Dead raid—
And the only title that mattered. That even Savere’s lawless lot respected.
Crelerbane. Hell’s Warden.
That you respected. But the half-Elf herself was…inoffensive. Amusing more than charming, but she was friendly, personable, and you knew her rough level and capabilities. She couldn’t move Savere; compared to the Bleakbeaks, let alone Bloodtear. Or Shifthold, which was now at port in a berth isolated from the others.
She wasn’t there yet. Most people weren’t. Most people would never be, so it was easy to laugh or ignore her one-note trick, which was stuffing her face full of food until it looked like she had doubled the holding capacity of her face.
Until the circlet appeared on her head. Until you saw a Relic-class item sitting on her head, and heard it was cursed in some way. Until you realized all the times you’d slapped her on the back or made fun of her, and all the times she was silly and idiotic and her guard was down—
It had always been there. Invisible.
