8.57 H
Page 14
Skeletal Crawlers were weak in a straight-up fight, and Pisces didn’t see a lot of confined spaces for them to fight and hide in. So that left shaping them—or basic skeletons.
Weak skeletons. You could give them armor and weapons, but until he mastered the art of upgrading them into Skeleton Knights and so on, they sort of sucked. Az’kerash made use of skeletons, though. Every [Necromancer] did, but in legions. He had thirty-one. Put them up against thirty-one living fighters and they’d be crushed.
No worth for their individuality. Except…Pisces frowned. He reached for his bag of holding and pulled something out. He exhaled, slowly.
“Oh. You’re still here. Excellent.”
Slowly, he put the bear’s skull on the ground and smiled.
 
——
 
“What is that?”
When Pisces came marching back with his undead, Merr the Storm took one look at the two skeleton horses, the Skeleton Warbear, and twenty-five skeleton warriors and freaked out. She almost climbed into Eloque’s arms.
“It’s a warbear.”
“It’s a giant fucking rat with two heads! Gah!”
Merr backed up as the [Bandits] and [Slaves] murmured. Pisces eyed her.
“It isn’t that divergent from a standard bear, simply reinforced. I forgot I had the bones in my bag of holding—and two skeletal horses.”
“That’s great news. They can pull the wagons; some of the horses were killed.”
Eloque sighed, but Merr was still hiding behind her.
“Keep that thing away from me.”
“Merr, it’s just a bear.”
The Lizardwoman was amused. Merr looked at her.
“You say that like that fucking thing’s common or something.”
“Of course it is—”
Eloque glanced around and saw the other Chandrarians staring at the bear. Not in horror like Merr, but only Qshom and the other non-Chandrarians knew what it was based on.
“You don’t have bears in Chandrar?”
“Of course not…it’s too hot. You’ve never seen a bear, Merr?”
“No. And I don’t like it.”
Pisces was amused. Imagine being afraid of…bears…
He hesitated. Was that actually a genuinely decent phobia compared to mice? Was he the fool…?
Warbear aside, the undead did not receive the horror they would have on Izril. If anything, the [Bandits] were relieved.
“Better them than us. But why’re there only twenty-five skeleton guys? I could have sworn there were more.”
“I had to use the bodies of seven to fully finish these skeletons.”
Pisces explained. Merr edged away from the Warbear, who was sidling up to Ivery. The Skeleton Lord stared at the Warbear, who was actually Pisces’ oldest battle-undead. The warbear did nothing, being more mindless. It didn’t even react when the Skeleton Lord slowly climbed onto its back. Ivery swung his sword a few times and looked around.
Yes, this feels right.
Pisces had just caught sight of the first Skeleton Lord with a warbear mount, and he was wondering if he’d created another Toren, or if the undead was just…intelligent. Why not a horse? Qshom and some of the [Slaves] eyed it.
“Ivery’s got a steed? Ivery and…Bearbones.”
“Do not name that—”
Too late. The second undead got a name. Pisces rubbed at his face and got sand in his eyes. Meanwhile, Merr was poking the skeletons.
“Something’s funny about them. Say, Pisces-boy. You didn’t, uh, fail necromancer-class, did you?”
Pisces whirled around in outrage. Eloque laughed, but then she noticed it too.
“Wait, these are off!”
He sniffed in outrage.
“I will have you know that my knowledge of the anatomy of species is second to none in this caravan!”
“Are you sure? Because Stitch-folk know about how bodies look. And I’m definitely sure you messed up the ribs…”
