8.57 H
Page 31
They were a group of only sixty, yet they feared neither the Glass Bazaar’s intolerance nor Roshal. Roshal had been known to…make mistakes when it came to those they took as [Slaves]. But this lot would not flinch. They had simple weapons, as most travellers did, simple clothing. They had been begging for alms, but they were odd.
“Tell me, brother Izreal. What are you thinking?”
“Only that these are a people who did not ask to be [Slaves]. Perhaps they were people who have done terrible things, but slavery? Isn’t there room for redemption? Doesn’t it go against our very core of beliefs?”
The others looked thoughtful. One woman clasped her hands together.
“I do not know. We must discuss it. But now?”
“I know.”
The slaves had no chance. Yet…the words lingered on the man called Izreal’s lips. Did they fear numbers? Did they fear adversity? They served a ruler who could shatter Roshal if his full fury was brought against them. Turn it to glass and ashes, even more than the Glass Straits.
What was right? What was…he thought hard as he watched the battle winding down. And because he was watching—he saw the first figures on the hilltop of one of the great dunes.
 
——
 
Pisces Jealnet stared down at the battle below. He had sunk down into a crouch, and Merr was on her belly.
“Damn, damn, damn. Stick a cactus up my ass—now? They beat us to the bazaar!”
This was the Glass Bazaar she’d been telling Pisces about, which she’d wanted to hit. Pisces had been dubious about it, but Merr had told him she needed the loot to keep the gang running.
However, the [Scouts] she’d sent ahead to plan their route for the day had woken everyone after another night of marching to sound the alarm. Roshal was there. A huge group of [Slaves] who’d been recaptured.
And…
[Slaves]. They were trying to get to the gates, but the gates were barred, and Pisces knew that the occupants of the Glass Bazaar would stand aside or hand them right back to Roshal.
Nowhere to run. Yet they fought because…Pisces clenched his teeth.
“What do we do, boss? There’s a lot of ‘em.”
One of the [Bandits] looked ready to turn around, rich bazaar or not. Merr the Storm was silent. She was staring down at Roshal’s people.
“There are hundreds of slaves. Just as many guards. No…no Djinni. I see few [Mages]. But we are outnumbered, even if they have not spotted us. That does not even account for the Glass Bazaar, if they intervened.”
Pisces was counting. Merr muttered.
“I heard they had a bit less than what we’re seeing; the caravans contribute to the defense. If you scare them…Roshal’s tougher. Yeah.”
She looked up at Pisces. He stared at her. Merr spoke, glancing down the slope. Eloque, the freed [Slaves], [Bandits], [Raiders], all milled around, but quietly, waiting.
“We could head east. We keep out of sight? Maybe they don’t realize we’re even here. Even with—with that many [Slaves] they’d have to split up. We’d be able to keep them off us, with my Skills.”
“Right.”
They stared down at the fighting. Pisces’ lips moved. It was a terribly dangerous battle. He saw Merr slowly rising. She looked at him, a hand on her sword hilt.
“The odds are against us. We’re outnumbered.”
Pisces nodded slowly. He stared at the people. There were children down there, and the [Guards] were cheering on the ones on the attack.
“We are. But there is a second army down there.”
Merr blinked as he pointed down at the people in chains. She looked up and exhaled. Pisces wavered. He looked down at Eloque and the others.
“If…but if we fail.”
