8.57 H
Page 13
Pisces Jealnet stared at piles of bone. He did not stare at the flesh, organs, and other things in the deconstruction spell he’d learned from Az’kerash.
He felt slightly queasy. Mostly because of the fleshy bits.
“This is why I don’t deal with flesh-and-blood creations as much.”
He shuddered. Pisces checked himself, then sat down.
“…I have her bones.”
Archmage Nekhret’s bones lay in his bag of holding. But he didn’t want to use them. Not now. Not casually.
Not after he’d seen what Toren was capable of, and all his flaws. He had no time to hand-scribe the necessary binding runes onto the bones. So he decided not to waste them.
Thirty-one bone piles. Pisces hesitated. It was…odd.
He hadn’t raised undead, not for a purpose, not deliberately, outside the heat of battle, for a long time. Thirty-one bodies.
So many. How would he explain it to the Adventurer’s Guild in Izril? Oh, yes, I just ‘happen’ to have thirty-one bodies lying around. All [Bandits], I swear.
But this was not Izril. They were [Slavers] or, at least, people working for Roshal, and Pisces had little sympathy for their fates. His concern was to keep the caravan safe.
We nearly died to indigenous monsters. If that raiding party had hit us…
He needed tough undead. But which ones?
“Archmage Chandler, are you there?”
Pisces raised a finger to his brow, but the Necromancer had not checked in for several days now. He was presumably alone. So Pisces sat there.
How much time had he wasted? It came back to him, the guilt. He had studied, of course. He’d learned [Deathbolt] and even how to summon a Bone Behemoth—but Pisces had to admit that he had slowed his studies while enjoying the inn.
He had been skating around on waxed floors, eating good food—good food for Erin—and helping Selys pick artifacts and arguing with her rather than…
Of course, that was living. But Pisces still regretted it now.
What do I make? Like an [Artist] staring at a blank canvas, he was somewhat at a loss. Pisces decided to go from the top.
“I cannot make a Bone Behemoth. Too noticeable. Too much mana, and not enough bone. The [Ritual of the Lord of Bones] is not available for another three weeks. Therefore…”
He went down the list in his head. Az’kerash had told him there were more forms of undead than Pisces had ever dreamed of, but it was one thing to know that—another to easily maintain and create undead. Pisces’ immediate repertoire of undead was low, and it made life simpler.
“The warbear. I don’t have bear bones here. Bone Horrors? Perhaps. Ordinary skeletons. And…Skeletal Crawlers. I could make a project of shaping the bones, but I’d have to do that on the move…”
And it was annoying and difficult and they needed an army now. Pisces sat there. Damn. Maybe he’d stick them in a bag of holding and just animate them when he…?
A [Necromancer] is not a [Summoner], young Pisces. We create undead to persist, not to appear and disappear. Know your class.
Az’kerash had admonished him on that very thing. Pisces frowned. But…wait a moment.
He felt at his bag of holding. Lifted it.
It was his bag of holding. It had been taken from him, and the contents inspected, but to his knowledge everything was still in there. He had only checked for Nekhret’s bones, as Igheriz had not known their worth, but…he stared thoughtfully at the piles of bone.
Bone Horrors were powerful. Skeletal Crawlers were dangerous ambushers. But Bone Horrors were slow, and he’d be able to make…two. Three, if he stretched things.
