8.57 H
Page 38
Roshal’s guards knew what awaited them outside. There was no hope of running or winning; Pisces had freed the [Slaves], and they had taken the bazaar. They fought the people inside, rather than leave.
Afterwards, Pisces found Bearig. The [Cook] sat there, half his face puffed up. The paralzying whip had struck him several times near the end.
“Rebel. I am a [Rebel]. A class as old as…the Rebel of String.”
He laughed. Pisces looked at him. A blue class. Or perhaps it had only been how he was saved.
Merr was counting heads, riding among the freed [Slaves], ordering her remaining [Bandits] to strip the Glass Bazaar. They had paid a dear price for victory. Ordinarily, they might decide to run or kill her for the loot until she found a loyal crew. However, the freed [Slaves] outnumbered them and there would be no need to petition the Siren for more reinforcements. [Bandits] fought for gold. [Slaves]?
Eloque was sitting down, throwing up. Not so much from the gore or horror of killing [Slavers]—she had drunk an entire bottle of water down and it had come right up. Bronze-rank mistake.
It was the last group Pisces sought out. They were only thirty-some strong now. They had fought with amazing spirit—and little actual skill—but they’d somehow exacted a terrible toll.
It was their lack of armor that did them in. Whatever they had trusted in—some of them had survived arrows striking them and bouncing off, or taken blows that would surely have killed them—others had just died.
However, more were on their feet than he had any reason to expect. As he watched, a woman bowed her head and placed her hands over a cut side.
“You will not die today, Brother Izreal. Not while the Lord watches over you.”
“He asks…what he asks…”
The man gasped—and Pisces saw light. A flash of…
It was familiar. He stopped, and saw Izreal rise. He touched at his side, and it was whole.
That was not a potion. Nor a spell. Pisces saw the woman look up.
“You’re the [Necromancer].”
She said it with little rancor. If anything, she was impressed. The man turned and bowed to Pisces.
“I am glad to see you lived, and these good people survived. May we introduce ourselves?”
“Please. I am Pisces Jealnet.”
“A pleasure.”
No recognition. So they didn’t have scrying orbs. They had fought—interceded—why?
“Because my heart told me to. Because I felt the calling.”
Izreal smiled. Pisces saw the others nod.
“You are people of conviction.”
“People of faith. The Glass Bazaar cast us out, but we find converts among [Slaves] and those who suffer. We spread the word of truth across Chandrar. We are small, but our classes shine bright. Already, we level, so we know our cause was just, our faith not misplaced. I am Marrieh.”
The woman smiled. She was Human too, and Pisces blinked at the strange statements.
She had levelled? He hadn’t seen her take a nap—maybe someone had hit her so hard she’d passed out?
No. He looked at them and his memory touched him.
“You must think our classes strange, but perhaps it is well you have seen the truth. There is something I would like to tell you—tell all those here, Pisces Jealnet. A great salvation has come to us all. To this world! Rejoice!”
Izreal smiled at Pisces. He was caught off-guard when Pisces smiled back.
“I…have seen this before, actually. Once.”
Pawn. Izreal stared at Pisces, then burst into a huge smile.
“Then the news is spreading! You are a friend twice over, Pisces. Shall we rest and talk?”
“We shall indeed. But please—tell me. Who are your people? Do you lead them?”
Izreal shook his head as Marrieh smiled.
