8.57 H
Page 7
The Siren hesitated. Ceria was calm and cool. Collected. Her nervousness and uncertainty were gone, and Revine had to wonder if that was an act. Was any of Ceria’s personality real?
That was the uncertainty she didn’t like about the circlet. That, and the other factions interested in Ceria. But…after a moment, Revine nodded.
“What are you studying, then? More spells?”
At least this explained how Ceria was mastering magic in a fraction of the time she should have, missed tutelage from Illphres or not. The half-Elf gestured at the book, and the Siren saw it was Fundamentals of Ice Magic, which sounded like a beginner’s book…but was more theory than actual spellbook.
“I’ve got one chance to improve myself. I was always behind Pisces a bit—and I never got to study, just adventure. I want to learn the kind of magic that will complete my training. I think I’m getting it. Hardening ice, changing its composition—extra-cold ice.”
“Can you do ice cubes that only make a drink cool, not super-cold? I’d pay a fortune for those on demand.”
Omniscel waved a claw. Ceria and Revine stared at him, and he backed up.
“Just a joke. Just a joke. [Cryomancers] and [Hydromancers], not a drop of humor in them. [Pyromancers], now, a ball of laughs and a house on fire…”
“You want to change the composition of your ice?”
Ceria smiled.
“That’s right. I can do [Glaciersheet Ice], and that held off even an Adult Creler. But ice magic is adaptive. Versatile. It…”
“—Is strong because you can create anything you can imagine with it.”
Revine finished her sentence. Those were Illphres’ words. She looked at Ceria, and the half-Elf nodded. Revine mumbled.
“She used to argue with me all the time that ice could be more adaptive than water.”
“That’s what she always told me.”
“She’s clearly wrong.”
Ceria snorted, then caught Revine’s glare and raised her hands.
“…Do you know some of the other ice qualities? That’s what I’d like to focus on. Rough ice, blood ice? It’s what I need, right now.”
“Need?”
The half-Elf tapped the side of her head. The circlet glinted and Revine stared at that, but Ceria met her eyes.
“Yes. I’ve been thinking about my weaknesses as a [Mage] and…it’s not the circlet talking. It’s just me, Siren. It’s still just me.”
Revine wished she could believe that. But she nodded, nonetheless, and began speaking with Ceria. The half-Elf listened, eyes bright, circlet shining. She continued on as normal with nothing being normal.
That evening, the Bleakbeaks began attacking Bloodtear Pirates who walked alone or unwisely moved about in smaller groups on the streets. The Bloodtear Pirates demanded an audience with the Siren of Savere.
And so did Alchemist Irurx, the captain of Shifthold.
 
——
 
How much time had he wasted, in days of peace and comfort? If he had worked a bit harder—now, when it mattered—it might have helped more.
The first real attack on Pisces’ caravan came roughly a week into their journey through the Glass Straits. He stumbled out of his tent and saw the enemy coming clearly by day.
Day, because they slept during the day and travelled at night; the glare coming off the Glass Straits meant the freed [Slaves] and [Bandits] had to camp in the shade of a dune. It also meant the Glass Straits were both as bright as the sun itself and hot. So hot the sand melted into the very glass that formed this long stretch of land.
They had been safe for a week. Pisces had feared the worst when the flying carpet found them, but it had been downed by the Necromancer, Az’kerash, and he had assured Pisces he would hold back Roshal’s eyes as best he could.
