8.57 H
Page 12
However, the rest began to flee from the Crystal Lights, who kept blasting them until they seemed to realize there was no point. They left the undead to stride on, burning. Pisces, panting, watched them follow as the caravan kept riding. Merr rode ahead.
“Hey! Stop running so fast or we’ll run into a Sand Worm or something as bad! Slow! Slow—how far do they chase us? We’ll keep running until we find a new spot and…”
 
——
 
The brush with monsters and the natural dangers of the Glass Straits took another hour of marching before Merr called a halt. She told them to set up camp, and the weary people just threw down tents, climbed into them, and fell asleep.
All those except the guards who had first watch—and Pisces. Wearily, he sat, rubbing at blisters. He reached for a healing potion and a mana potion—then stopped.
We don’t have enough to waste. Grimacing, he resigned himself to the glaring headache and burnt skin. He did sit down, but he had to stay awake.
Eloque found him slapping himself every few seconds as he kept nodding off.
“Pisces, what are you doing?”
“I have to stay awake. Just a bit longer…a bit longer…don’t stop—”
Eloque slapped him across the face. None-too-gently. Pisces jerked. The Lizardwoman eyed him.
“Better?”
He rubbed his cheek.
“…Thank you.”
Eloque smiled briefly, then looked up. A figure came jogging over the dunes. The [Bandits] looked up.
“Att—oh. It’s that thing.”
They eyed the burnt Skeleton Lord, who came to a halt, shield and sword in hand. Ivery trudged down the hill, looking…well, a bit defeated. They don’t fight fair, chief.
Pisces ignored the Skeleton Lord. However, some of the [Slaves] saw Ivery and decided to remove the ash on his bones. Why they liked him…
“There.”
He struggled to his feet after another fifteen minutes. Eloque had a cup of tea. She sipped at it as Pisces reached for it and hesitated.
“Oh, fine.”
She handed it to him with a grin. Pisces took a gulp. Then he nodded to the hill.
“No one panic. It’s just undead.”
The [Bandits] looked at him. Eloque raised her brows, but the only person who noticeably reacted was Rophir. He stared at Pisces, then crawled into the tent he and Bearig shared.
And, sure enough, a minute later, the first charred body came over the hill. Eloque blanched.
“Ew.”
The zombies and Ghouls were, like Ivery, a collection of terrible burn victims. Them being dead didn’t change the fact that they looked horrible. What was perhaps worse?
“Dead gods, Pisces. It smells like charred meat. I don’t want to be hungry.”
Merr came out when she heard the small commotion. She paled, and Pisces nodded.
“I don’t think these are as salvageable as I hoped.”
The [Bandit Lady] shook her head instantly.
“Absolutely not. They smell like dinner and every scavenger downwind of here will come looking for a meal.”
Pisces nodded. He stared at the undead he’d put his life in danger to salvage and grimaced. thirty-one had made it. None of them looked able to function. However…he put a finger to his lips.
“I might be able to repurpose them.”
“How, exactly?”
The [Necromancer] looked around.
“…It’s going to be very messy. I should do it far from camp. I’ll be back in…thirty minutes.”
He began to chug the mana potion after all. Merr raised her eyes. She and Eloque followed him—then hastily came back. Bearig had gotten up and was making a snack before everyone slept for their evening march.
“What’s Pisces doing? Food?”
Eloque and Merr shook their heads without a word. Merr muttered.
“…Peeling them.”
Bearig thought about what that meant, and then shuddered and went back to stirring the stew.
 
——
 
