8.57 H
Page 26
Not so for Savere. The mightiest criminals on land and sea came to this harbor. When they did—sometimes they left intrigue, blood, or mysteries in their wake.
To rule Savere was to see things coming, to move with the tide as it ebbed and flowed. Only a fool, Rasea, saw the world as an endless stream of battles you could win.
Five Bloodtear [Pirate Captains] stood in front of the Siren of Savere. She sat on a throne that augmented her magic, with her most trusted subordinates at her back. With her was the [Aeromancer]-[Hydromancer], Ureita, her own [Bandit Generals], and high-level fighters, including Omusc.
It was not going to come to battle. It should not. The Bloodtear Captains had taken only their seconds into this meeting—but it would be a slaughter on both sides.
So they spoke civilly. Yet they did not mince words.
“Bleakbeaks are raiding our crew.”
“A battle you started, Captain Aldrail.”
The Siren looked pointedly at the Gnoll. He grinned, and the other captains chuckled.
“Your Majesty.”
Captain Jiupe swept her a bow that was fairly sincere. Gorry, the [First Mate] of Aldrail’s command, watched from the side, grinning at Omusc, who didn’t meet his gaze. Jiupe looked up, and the half-jellyfish woman grinned.
“We’re not here to squabble over law nor who started what. We’ve obeyed Savere’s laws and kept it between us outsiders, isn’t that right enough?”
“Mostly.”
There had been smaller incidents, but Revine would give them that. Jiupe nodded, and her eyes glinted.
“Then we only request what is already agreed. Bleakbeaks is callin’ for their friends. Land versus sea. Well, we just want to make sure it’s okay with you all, you being the Siren who rules Savere.”
“For…?”
“A Drowning Night.”
Revine’s skin prickled. All five [Captains] were grinning at her. She shifted.
“Bloodtear hasn’t ever needed to request that before. You want to fight? Pick a night and do it. Leave those inside alone. Savere has seen Drowning Nights before and will since. Bloodier than any five ships—even Bloodtear—can manage.”
It was a mild insult and a reminder. Two of the [Captains]’ eyes flashed, but Jiupe looked at them and they calmed down. Then they started smiling once more.
“You’re wrong about only one thing, Siren. Which is why we ask. We know Savere’s seen blood. So…is it okay? A Drowning Night?”
Revine’s skin prickled.
“I just said it was.”
Captain Aldrail grinned. The Gnoll spread his arms.
“Tonight, then. But what about tomorrow?”
The throne room hadn’t been exactly chatty, but the others of Savere looked up. Revine leaned forwards.
“…Tomorrow?”
“Tonight and tomorrow and every day. Until the last Bleakbeak dies or flees Savere. Let them bring every gang in a thousand miles. They think this will go a night. We of Bloodtear petition Your Exalted Majesty—”
Jiupe and the others bowed mockingly, the light of madness in their eyes—
“For free rein. Under your laws. As long as it takes.”
The Siren saw Omusc shudder. Even her most stalwart [Generals] looked uneasy. Bloodtear. Madpeople of the sea.
The harbors would be filled with bodies, and the streets would be red from one Drowning Night. A week? The Siren imagined the undead rising, the classes, the destruction…her lips moved.
“No. Savere weathers Drowning Nights like a storm. I will not have a week of it. Pacts or not, you will damage the city. You have not paid enough for me to tolerate that.”
“Then we’ll pay a thousand gold pieces a night.”
One of the [Pirate Captains] countered. They’d take more of that from the Bleakbeaks if they won. The Siren drummed her fingers on the armrest.
