8.57 H
Page 10
The [Bandits] were no heroes. They hammered on the Crystal Lights, saw how tough they were, and began fleeing. The Crystal Lights growled, attacking, but were indeed slower than horses. However, they were scuttling to clear the sandstorm to where they could make a firing line…the first broke left, out of the whirling dust cloud, and its body shone with painful light. The eye grew brighter, and it trained on a distant wagon.
Even hundreds of feet away, the wagon burst into flame to screams from the people riding there. The eye grew brighter; the monster was feeding on the light, absorbing it to use its attack rapidly. By night it was far weaker. It took aim at a camel next; a meal for at least a few days—
Pisces ran it through the eye with his rapier. Panting, he saw the eye burst, and the monster screamed, but its brain wasn’t behind the eye, instead suspended above it. It recoiled, and Pisces yanked the blade free.
“Pisces! Watch out, they’re coming!”
The [Necromancer] turned and vanished. Invisible, he walked left as more Crystal Lights emerged from the sandcloud. Merr was galloping back; she had warned him. Pisces saw one of the Crystal Lights focus on her and stepped forwards, angling for another eye-stab. He saw the monster hesitate—
Then swivel towards him. It saw him, somehow. The monster was locking onto his body heat, but Pisces couldn’t know that. He threw himself sideways, and a beam blasted through the air. He felt the heat cooking his side and rolled to his feet.
The sand made moving hard. And—another Crystal Light took aim. Pisces flicked his other hand up, then saw a figure charge out of the dust and crash into it.
Ivery! The Skeleton Lord actually knocked the Crystal Light back with the force of his charge and began hammering on its head. The undead was so strong he began to crack the monster’s armor, but the Crystal Light began snapping at him with its jaws. They failed to rend Ivery’s bones, and the Skeleton Lord continued hammering it down.
But the rest of the sixty were emerging. Pisces was beating a fast retreat now that he realized this was a shooting gallery and that he was the closest target. The Crystal Light that had nearly singed him was lining up another shot. So he cursed, flicked his wrist, and activated the ring on his finger.
[Shatterbolt]. A thin, pale sliver of energy struck the Crystal Light just on the side, missing its eye. Pisces cursed again; aiming was difficult with that trick—
Then the monster exploded. 
Pisces shielded his face. He saw the entire glass body break and the monster’s insides rupture. It collapsed, and even the other Crystal Lights slowed in dismay. Pisces wished he could do that twice.
As he couldn’t, he [Flash Stepped] backwards, pointed a finger, and spoke.
“[Deathbolt]!”
A black bolt struck one of the Crystal Lights, went through the armor, and it staggered, stunned. Woozily, it shuffled from side to side, then scuttled back into the cloud.
Two shots, then. Pisces turned and ran. Because two Crystal Lights had been maimed in the eye, but only one was dead; Ivery was smashing into the brain of the next, but that meant there were fifty-six angry monsters about to unleash death-by-sunlight on Pisces.
They were actually forming a battle line, lighting up and discharging beams of light. Pisces dodged left and right, feeling the air sizzle as Ivery ran for it as well. Some of the [Bandits] and mounts screamed as they were hit on the limits of the Crystal Lights’ range; their skin blistered, and some caught fire.
