8.57 H
Page 29
She had to admit, though, there were more landfolk than she had thought. Even with five ships, it would be five-to-one with just the people she saw in the open, and Bloodtear would have to fight defensively or they’d be surrounded and slaughtered.
However, the Bleakbeaks made one mistake. They were furious because their own had been brutally slaughtered in the bar over a petty insult. No gang would take that lying down, but Bloodtear?
They were maniacs. They’d fight to the death once you roused them. And they gave no quarter once it was truly a battle. Even so, a week of fighting would empty their ships and they weren’t stupid. So why…?
The Siren had her answer as she gazed out her balcony. Her senses over her domain tingled. Slowly, she turned her head.
The sun was setting. It looked red against the sky; [Sailors] beware. But that wasn’t what the Siren saw.
“Telescope.”
She glanced around—then strode over to a telescope. Her beloved Watercat bounded towards Revine, yowling, but she paid him no mind as she bent over the magical artifact. The Siren whirled it across the sea.
“No.”
The wind was picking up. As the sun turned red, the landfolk waited for the Drowning Night.
A storm was blowing in. Another one. But this one wasn’t one the Siren had conjured or allowed. She could feel it building in the distance. She reached out—but her hand trembled as she felt how strong it was.
She couldn’t toss this one towards another nation’s coast. It was backed by more than just a powerful tempest. It wasn’t a magical typhoon, thank sleeping Krakens. But it was backed by a force she knew at once.
A Skill. Multiple Skills. The Siren began sweating.
“Oh no.”
This was what she had once warned Ceria about. The Siren was mighty. But sometimes the Siren had to know fights that were deadly. And this? She stared through the telescope and saw them, coming in fast.
Sails billowing. Blue drops on red hulls. Their flags were black. She counted.
“…three…five…dead gods. Eleven.”
Three full fleets, including the ones in the docks. She had seen so many of them gathered only once. They were coming—and—the Siren stared out into the streets where the mocking Garuda were jeering, daring the [Pirates] to come out.
They had no idea. The Siren didn’t care about them, though. Damn them. She was sweating, despite the ocean breeze.
This was about…either she reversed her decision, or sixteen Bloodtear crews and their [Captains] would force the issue.
Jiupe’s grin. If you do not relent—then it’s us against Savere, eh? And if she did? If she bowed to them? Would that be enough? Or…was that the pretext?
“Get the army. Get me my [General]. Tell them the army has to arrive now. Not later. March them with every movement Skill, with every—”
The Siren went for her speaking stone. The army. They needed the army. With it, even Bloodtear’s full might…
Amid it all, the Siren’s panic as the first Drowning Night began, she forgot completely about Omusc. The cawing of the Garuda kept going until they saw the sails in the distance. And then an entirely new sound would fill the streets.
The Siren was busy. But she realized something, as she shouted at her people and braced. Not for today, but tomorrow. Her sister wasn’t answering her hails. Yet then, Revine looked around after nearly two hours.
“Where is Alchemist Irurx?”
He had never shown himself. At last, the Siren of Savere put something together. He was missing, but he had been here. He was unexpectedly gone.
And so was Ceria Springwalker. The Siren stared out of her balcony at the dark ship anchored far from the others.
