8.57 H
Page 5
“I don’t know. But the only effects Omniscel has traced have been enhancing intelligence…and something called ‘Freedom from Morality’.”
“Oho. And what does that do?”
The Siren of Savere stared at Ceria, who was hopping about, casting [Ice Spikes] at a target with one foot. She spoke, slowly.
“As far as I can tell—either the intelligence booster isn’t that effective, or this half-Elf truly needed it. As for morality?”
Rasea cackled in the background and Revine was silent.
“I just watched her pull a ‘prank’ over breakfast that killed five people. She didn’t even blink.”
Savere had many stone-cold killers, but even they had some reaction to death. Ceria? It didn’t even put a sway in her step. Revine lowered the speaking stone. Ceria had just done a hop and crashed face-first onto the ground. The circlet hadn’t gone flying, though; it stayed anchored to her head like it was glued on.
“I have to go. Don’t add to my troubles, Rasea. Shifthold just docked, and I have to deal with that.”
Some of Rasea’s crew had clearly been listening in, because there were groans, and Rasea herself sounded less enthusiastic.
“Shifthold? Maybe it’s not worth a quick trip after all. Blegh. I’ll…think about it, sis. I am bored. I’m almost tempted to see if we can sack Medain and free the King of Duels. But we have work, and I suppose it’s not that interesting. Hey, if that circlet does anything else interesting like free teleportation? Just say the word and I’ll kidnap some handsome [Prince] for—”
Revine hung up. She was half-tempted to toss the stone out of her open-air balcony, but instead she just tucked it away with a sigh. Then she strode over to the practice rooms and threw the clear glass door open.
“What are you doing?”
She stared down at Ceria Springwalker. The half-Elf glanced up as Omniscel half-crouched next to her, shouting.
“That’s right! One, two, three! Testicles! How’s that for Magus Grimalkin impressions?”
He tried to flex, and Ceria broke off from doing pushups. She looked at Revine’s incredibly annoyed face and wiped at her brow.
“I’m, uh, doing tests. Omniscel, you can stop. I think there’s definitely no physical enhancements in the circlet. No balance, no speed, and definitely no strength. I can barely do thirty pushups in a row.”
The Drake [Enchanter] lowered his arms, unflexed, and began writing notes, which was ironically an even better impression of Grimalkin than before.
“Interesting. You’d think they’d add that in, but maybe it’s too complex with mental magic. Or they had a limited amount of enchanting capacity, even for a Relic-class object.”
“Testing?”
Revine realized Ceria’s stupid antics had a point. Ceria pushed herself up and shrugged.
“Yeah. Now I know I’m wearing it, I’m letting Omniscel help me figure out what it does. It’s definitely helping me concentrate, but…no physical boosting.”
“You seemed fairly well-balanced.”
Ceria had stood on one leg for five minutes without wobbling. The half-Elf shrugged.
“That’s not new. See?”
To prove it, she grabbed her right foot and began hopping about in a circle, then doing a spin-hop that Revine thought would make her throw up or fall over.
Ceria did neither, and she spun, lifted a finger, and shot an ice spike into a painted target across the room. She hit dead-center.
“Huh.”
Omniscel eyed Ceria, impressed. So was Revine.
“Did Illphres teach you that, too?‘
Ceria smiled sadly.
“No. I learned that. She taught me how to aim, but she never adventured; you have to know how to run, turn, and hit your targets.”
