8.57 H
Page 25
The Dullahan was the shyest of all. So much so that Pisces began to feel like he was the lecher, and deliberately faced the other way the entire time Qshom was in the tent. The Dullahan man placed his head down and began to clean himself with every air of extreme discomfort, for all he’d been in Chandrar long enough to know the custom.
Pisces was nearly done. He wondered what they’d speak of before they came to a topic around Roshal, or the future or…Qshom’s own battles with inner monsters. He was waiting for a segue in. Tailoring into how Qshom would bring up that he’d had to originally sew the stitches into Eloque or something horrific.
He was waiting. Waiting, searching for his own conversation topic. But so focused on that that he was more distracted than anything. At last, he spoke.
“Have you been sleeping well, Qshom?”
The Dullahan made a sound. He hesitated, then placed his head on a little stool so it looked up at Pisces. Now it was the Human’s turn to be uncomfortable; Qshom’s body cleaned itself while his head held a conversation with the young man.
“Well.”
“Really. Nothing is bothering you?”
Qshom smiled mildly.
“Nothing I should complain of at the moment.”
Pisces nodded. He waited. And now Qshom said…
After a few moments, the Dullahan looked at Pisces.
“How are you faring, Pisces Jealnet?”
The [Necromancer] blinked. He looked at Qshom. No one had asked him that. Off-guard, he blinked.
“I…I am also well, Qshom. I cannot complain. I am just—focused. Focused on survival and evading Roshal.”
That was the truth. He could have said so many things. His nightmares. His fears for his team. His desire to find Erin’s cure. His uncertainty about his ability to keep everyone safe, his ability to help them with anything that truly ailed them.
“It’s just that I was talking with Merr…”
Qshom listened as the words burst out of Pisces. The Dullahan listened, nodding, occasionally interjecting, but listening. Pisces scrubbed, realizing his hands were shaking. He had known pressure—but not this. This was something else.
Terror. He had fought for his life. Not his very soul. The worst that could happen with the Crelers was that you died as painfully as possible.
He realized he was doing to Qshom what the others had done to him, and was guilty. He couldn’t ask for a magical answer to these problems. Yet…surprisingly, the Dullahan just nodded when Pisces trailed off.
“It is a strange thing, Pisces Jealnet. A strange thing. Is it a comfort, I wonder? To me—it is slightly.”
“Comfort? What’s a comfort?”
Pisces could not imagine any comfort here. The steam baths? Talking with others? He supposed so, but the [Tailor] just smiled. He spoke, slowly, meeting Pisces’ eyes.
“Why, simply…to know that these days, these days past, this time alone is it. These are the hardest days we will ever live through. Whatever comes next, when we walk out of the desert, we will have survived it.”
Pisces Jealnet looked at the Dullahan. The hardest days they would ever…? He opened his mouth to object. To say…
Then he trailed off. He met Qshom’s eyes and nodded slowly.
“It is a strange feeling indeed.”
The Dullahan smiled, and that was all they said. It was a long bath, but when Pisces emerged, he did feel better. He sighed, looked up at the sky.
Then continued onwards.
 
——
 
Savere was change. Some cities were built on stagnation, on ensuring continuity. These were cities that had limited trade with the outside world. That could enforce or try to enforce something static.
