8.57 H
Page 33
It was chaos and confusion. Three sides watched the fighting, at first, for nearly three whole minutes, obscured by Merr’s summoned storm that had given her that famous name.
The Glass Bazaar saw the attack and hesitated. Merr the Storm. However, as the [Slave Master] rallied his forces, it became clear this was not Merr the Storm, head of Merr’s [Storm Bandits], the lighting-fast raids of her elite [Bandits].
She was deadly, lashing about even with a disadvantage, but she was not the common [Bandits] who had levels from below 10 to 20 at most, generally. They came to a rapid decision as Roshal’s people hammered on their gates.
Slowly, the Glass Bazaar began to open the gates and archers appeared on the walls. The [Slaves] began to be herded inside as a relief force moved out to support Roshal.
“No. They’re attacking.”
The second group to see the fighting was Eloque, Bearig, Qshom, Rophir, sitting on the horse pawing the ground in front of Bearig, and the other non-combatants. Merr had excluded those not ready to fight in her eyes, the young and old.
“If it looks like we’re losing, run. We’ll catch up. We’ll break away if we have to.”
That was her order to them. Eloque had the spear she’d been given, but she knew she wouldn’t last more than a single clash in the thick of that fighting—not without support. Roshal’s guards were dangerous, and the [Bandits] faltered as arrows began to rain down from above.
“They have a chance. Pisces and Merr are there.”
Qshom murmured. The Dullahan was feeling at his cloth armor, and Rophir kept looking from Bearig to the battle. The [Cook]’s lips were moving.
“Come on, Pisces…”
Rophir stared down at the battle. He could see better than the other slaves, both in terms of pure eyesight and how it was going.
The initial assault had pushed Roshal back, but they were rallying, and they wouldn’t be swept away by the sheer impact of the charge. It was a battle and so both sides had to lean on what they had.
Numbers and, arguably, training and vantage from Roshal. Equipment too. What did the freed [Slaves] and [Bandits] have against all that? The element of surprise.
The undead, who had surged into the fight. Even as Rophir watched, one locked blades with a [Guard], who began to hammer it down. The skeleton was knocked flat, and the warrior lifted a mace to hammer it to dust—
The ribcage exploded as the [Bandit] Merr had assigned to the job pointed and shouted.
“Spray!”
A simple command. The skeleton’s ribcage exploded. The [Guard] toppled over, armor and face shredded, and the skeleton, now lighter, got up, and, clattering its jaw, attacked the other [Guards], who fled the deadly trick-skeletons.
That was one advantage. The second were the three—four fighters.
Ivery. Bearbones. Merr and Pisces.
The four were higher-level or far more dangerous than anyone else present. Ivery had fallen off Bearbones, and the warbear was standing on two legs. It brought its full weight down on a [Guard], then savaged another as they hammered on its armor.
Ivery slashed, whirling around with his superior strength and speed. Not finesse—but as he fought in the melee, a warrior with a huge battle axe charged him. Ivery raised his shield and it split before a furious [Overpowering Chop]. The skeleton stared down at its off-hand as it staggered. The man raised his axe for another down-swing—
And Ivery threw a rock into his face. Rophir saw the man’s nose crunch. He staggered. How had—there was no—
