8.57 H
Page 16
Pisces made the mistake of comparing the two since he had seen saunas before, and he got the look he often gave other people. That shut him up throughout the entire setup process, which was actually quite quick.
The concept was simple. In a place with less water than most climates, how did you keep clean if you didn’t have access to an oasis or the like?
Pisces had half-wondered if it had something to do with scrubbing yourself with hot, dry sand or something. He didn’t say that part aloud because the instant he thought of it, he suspected Merr would go tell him to try that on his unmentionables and see how much fun that was.
A steam bath took place in the steam tent, which was a bit more reinforced than other tents—to keep air in. You’d enter through two heavy flaps, and then sit in a room with a single feature, aside from a few cleaning tools and a chair.
The entire way you cleaned yourself was through the steam; the literal condensation in the air. It would accumulate on your skin like a shower, only slower. And the heat and limited water this technique needed? It all came from a simple, boiling pot of water over a fire.
Most modern caravans had magical equivalents to this, which helped rehydrate the air and were even more efficient. They’d looted a steam generator among the caravan’s goods, so that was what was running now. An everburning flame, no less.
“Fancy. And I, ah, sit here and scrub myself? You know, I am not filthy.”
Merr, Eloque, and half the people gathered around the steam tent stared at Pisces.
“Says the man who hasn’t bathed for a month. Is it Izril that’s filthy, or Terandria?”
“Neither. I am far from unhygienic! Have you been smelling anything?”
Eloque shuddered.
“Only because you keep casting de-scent spells! You know filthiness makes you sick, right? The Nagas tell everyone—oh, swamp rats. He’s been eating and doing everything with those hands!”
Everyone stared at Pisces’ hands, the harbingers of plague worse than Yellow Rivers. He turned red.
“I clean them regularly!”
“Sure you do. In you get. Don’t come out until you’re actually clean. At least his robes are enchanted. I bet they’d be brown, not white, if…”
Pisces stalked into the tent as the others muttered about the disgusting Humans and their ways. They were still audible, and he heard Qshom quite clearly talking.
“I have heard they sit in mud. In, ah…Desonis? Mud baths.”
“It’s considered a skin treatment! That is one Terandrian nation!”
“Ah, but they do do it? Can you imagine how that would get in your armor?”
“Or stitching?”
“We don’t have either!”
“Well, it gets somewhere. You know, I heard that Drakes have these communal baths. Only, instead of being steam, it’s water. Eugh.”
That was from a Stitch-man. Pisces bristled, and the crowd lost some of their members. Eloque’s voice was audibly indignant.
“What is wrong with that?”
“Sharing dirty water? Please. The things some people do…”
Pisces sat there in the steamy room, which had yet to actually reach maximum condensation. He could already feel the grit beginning to turn wet as he added some sweat. It did not feel…pleasant.
At first. Then, as he removed his robes and decided they could use a bit of a dusting, enchantments or not, and undergarments, he looked around and found a towel, put it over his lap, and decided it wasn’t bad.
Hot, and he was breathing in humidity, but it was nice to feel moisture on his skin. And there was a brush to scrub with…he wasn’t that dirty. But still. Something to it.
