8.57 H
Page 15
Merr pointed out the very strange ribcage of the skeletons. She turned and saw Pisces smile. His modified skeletons lined up, five of them, for a test demonstration.
“These are more than simple Skeleton Warriors, Merr. Once per battle, you simply shout—Skelisis! And th—”
The ribcages of the five skeletons exploded outwards, and a splinter-spray of bones blasted into the sand. The [Bandits] ducked or swore, and Merr leapt back. Pisces beamed.
His designs from back at the inn had been roundly critiqued by Az’kerash and, come to mention it, Selys. She had pointed out the futility in making Crossbow Skeletons, and instead suggested a one-off trap. Az’kerash had disapproved—but Pisces had never heard him criticize the actual structure, just the concept of costly skeletons.
Well, these ones were now going through their test run. Merr eyed them.
“We could send them in and blast the enemy to bits. And you just shout—what was it? Skelisis?”
Pisces nodded.
“I can engineer them to respond to your voice as well as mine. You see—”
Merr was waving a hand.
“But Skelisis? Can you, uh, give them a better code phrase? Because I’m not shouting that.”
The [Necromancer] looked at her. Some of the [Bandits] and Eloque sniggered. The [Necromancer] threw up his hands and stalked off.
“Pisces! Come on! It’s an objectively stupid password. I love the skeletons. Let’s give ‘em some of the crap weapons. You just suck at naming things. Leave it to us. Ivery and Bearbones—top tier names. You could put ‘em in any [Bandit] gang and they’d never get anyone to bat an eye…”
Another day down. Despite it all, Pisces didn’t think it was the worst of them. It was a close call with death. It was dangerous, and he felt Roshal’s hand following them. But they were alive. Pisces exhaled as Merr found him. She clapped a hand on his shoulder.
“Glad you were with us. I don’t think either group’d have done as well without us being on the same side.”
He sniffed, then relented and smiled.
“I suppose not. Do you think we’ll find civilization or reach a kingdom where we can leave the Glass Straits soon?”
Merr shrugged. She exhaled, then sniffed the air too. Pisces wondered if she was mocking him.
“Could be. I, uh—ergh. I hope so, because we need more supplies, and more supplies means I can tribute and get reinforcements from the…”
She trailed off. Pisces looked at her.
“From the Siren? Is there a problem with that?”
“No…it’s. Well, damn me. The fighting and undead—Pisces, you stink.”
Pisces blinked at Merr. She was holding her nose. He realized he did somewhat smell of burnt flesh, undead, sweat, grime and…he grimaced.
“My robes are clean. I trust the sand and grit will take away the worst of it.”
“What…just that? When did you last clean yourself?”
Pisces smiled at Merr.
“We are in the middle of a desert land, Merr. I don’t think there’s time for a shower, if we had the water to spare.”
She stared at him.
“Are you telling me you haven’t taken a single…you haven’t washed yourself once for over a month?”
Pisces hesitated. He coughed.
“It’s—there isn’t any water. So naturally—I have been meaning to learn [Cleanse], but I—Merr, we are all in desperate straits. I will cast [Neutralize Odor]. There…done. You see? No one bathes—Merr?”
He followed her, but she was backing away. The [Bandit Lady] held her nose.
“There aren’t any showers around here! There’s not a well or—”
“Oi, someone help me get this idiot a steam bath!”
 
——
 
Steam baths were a concept Pisces had vaguely heard of but never seen implemented. They were not hot baths, or even saunas.
