8.57 H
Page 11
Ironically, Ivery was the most immune; he just ran after Pisces, bones turning black, but with no flesh to bake.
If only Ceria were here with an [Ice Wall]! He couldn’t cast [Bone Wall] without—Pisces threw himself behind a dune. The air over his head charred.
“[Bone Wall]!”
It took him only a few seconds to concentrate enough to throw it up. The ivory wall began charring as bones rose up to shield his retreat. Pisces got up and ran.
His team. They could have helped fight that many—not that they would have after seeing what the things were capable of. But Yvlon could probably smash the Crystal Lights with pure strength. Ksmvr could dodge, and Ceria could shield them. Without them—
The crack made Pisces’ head turn. He blanched; the angry monsters had just blasted apart his wall of bones in seconds, heating it so fast that the bones cracked from the sheer heat. But he was almost out of range…almost…the caravan just needed another five minutes! The Crystal Lights focused on Pisces as Merr whirled her horse.
“Pisces!”
She saw nearly twenty monsters focus on him from different angles. Ivery was on fire and running, flailing his arms. The Crystal Lights’ eyes glowed in unison—
And then the first Ghoul came hurtling out of the smoke and latched onto the back of the nearest Crystal Light. It jerked as the feral undead began to hammer on its head. The Crystal Light scuttled back and forth—then another blasted the Ghoul off its friend. The monsters turned and saw their prey, the dead people, were getting back up.
It was round two. Zombies and Ghouls charged forwards, grappling with the glass monsters. Merr saw Pisces look over his shoulder and laugh. Nearly a hundred undead came out of the sandstorm, still wearing their charred armor. They didn’t use weapons, not being ‘intelligent’ enough to wield them, but they were strong as undead, fearless, and the Crystal Lights recognized the threat.
The two sides began battering at each other, monsters cutting and biting the undead who slashed at them with pure brute strength. Pisces and Merr, racing away as only a few beams flashed overhead, saw the fighting.
“Dead gods. You really are a decent [Necromancer]! How many’d you get?”
“All of them.”
“All of—”
Merr saw Pisces gulp for air. He felt like throwing up.
“I just burned through my entire mana well. Can I get…a ride?”
She nodded and offered him a hand. Pisces swung himself up. He looked back and shook his head.
“Dead gods.”
The undead were losing. A hundred plus zombies and Ghouls were getting the hell kicked out of them by half that number. They tried to bite and claw the glass armor of the Crystal Lights and did no damage at all, unless they hit the eye or just bore the monster down by sheer numbers. This was one foe that was a bad matchup. They would have arguably done better against Mothbears.
“Damn. No wonder the local lot were scared shitless of them.”
The Crystal Lights were setting the undead on fire. Pisces watched as the undead went down, some being torn apart—he whispered and jerked his fingers.
“Come. Come.”
Merr glanced at him. By now, the caravan was out of danger.
“What are you doing?”
“Trying to salvage some of them. We’ve already lost over half their number. They were Stitch-folk.”
“Can’t you animate…oh.”
Merr looked at the burning undead. The Stitch-folk had gone up like torches; there was nothing left to animate. As for the zombies and Ghouls? Well—some were just incinerated. More vaporized than burned.
