8.57 H
Page 24
“I…when the attack came this morning, I fled. Rophir was ready to fight. He has a dagger—but I ran when Merr told me to. She’s teaching us how to fight, and I know how to swing a cleaver—but I was glad she told us to run. I couldn’t fight.”
“You’re not an adventurer. You don’t have combat classes. We all contribute in our ways, Bearig.”
He half-nodded.
“But when Roshal comes, it will be you who fights. It is your burden that’s heavier than mine, Pisces. I regret that. I wish I was a Level 15 [Warrior], at least. I am levelling in that class, but slowly. I thought it was a fool’s errand, a young man’s fancy to be a fighter. Now—I have to rely on other people to protect me from the worst. It is a terrible thing, being so helpless.”
Pisces didn’t know what to say. He had never felt like that. No—
He had once. When his inspiration burned. When he had seen Skinner attacking Liscor and feared for the inn, for Ceria. When he had fled the monsters that ravaged Wistram…
“I have felt that all throughout my life, Bearig.”
The man looked up. Pisces stared at him.
“I know it well. It’s not just you.”
The [Cook] blinked at him. Then he ducked his head.
“Then, I’m doubly grateful you and Merr are here. I…I suppose I will do what I can. Train and cook and help Rophir.”
“Someone must cook. It does make us feel better, rather than eat horrible food. If Ceria were cooking—my captain, my friend—she’d be serving bread dipped in eggs and sugar water.”
Bearig shuddered.
“Just…I can see that as a kind of—but just…?”
The two men laughed over that. Pisces was about to mention Erin’s cooking, which was functional but hardly as…nuanced as Bearig could do, despite her Skills. But he saw the [Cook] staring out the tent again.
Someone was making a loud, keening sound. Not entirely…it didn’t sound like a person.
“Is that Rophir?”
Bearig nodded. He began to hurry.
“He’s hungry.”
That was hungry? Yet Bearig began finishing his own cleaning. Pisces was down to his belly by now, and he did feel cleaner.
“You do do well, Bearig. Truly. No one is perfect, but you are kind to him, and he needs that.”
Bearig was already rising. He stopped as he trudged towards the tent flaps. He glanced back towards Pisces, and his face was…clouded. No—Pisces looked at him and saw the [Cook]’s eyes flash.
“I am helpless, Pisces. When I look at Rophir, I am angry.”
The [Necromancer] nodded slowly. Bearig went on, hand on the flaps.
“I know you mean well. But I am not. I am not. Well? I cannot be his father, even if I wanted to. His family…he had to kill his parents, night after night. I cannot hold Rophir, and tell him all will be well. When he wakes, screaming, and turns to me, I can’t tell him there are no monsters out the window. He has seen monsters. One tortured him and held him captive.”
Pisces saw the [Cook]’s fists clenching. The [Necromancer]’s lips moved. He slowly straightened.
“…You can remind Rophir that they die. Monsters die.”
The Stitch-man stopped. He looked at Pisces and nodded slowly. He murmured.
“I wish I had his bones. Then I could show Rophir that.”
He turned and left the tent. Pisces was alone once more. However, he had a bet going on. And sure enough…
“Excuse me. May I use this tent?”
Qshom, looking hugely embarrassed, entered. The Dullahan man was in his cloth armor, but he had to remove it to clean his actual body. Pisces nodded.
“Come in, Qshom. I will face the other way if you like…”
“That is very kind of you. I hoped to bathe alone, but I understand this is impossible.”
