8.57 H
Page 2
She surged to her feet, drawing her own blade, and saw Ceria sitting there. She was picking at her plate, ignoring the fighting, helping herself to another bite of gravy-covered meatballs, today’s special. Omusc eyed her. Ceria glanced up.
“Ceria! Aren’t you going to—”
The [Enforcement Raider], Abelesque, stopped, staring at the two of them. Her crew was watching the fight, but reluctant to wade in. There were three bodies on the floor and from the blood—they wouldn’t be getting back up.
“Enough!”
The Siren of Savere herself came bursting into the room with a wave of water. The fighters looked up, saw her aiming a finger, and ran for it. Some put up their weapons; the ones with the circlet went for the window again.
A blast of water went through a back like an arrow, pressurized force cutting through armor and flesh. But someone tossed the circlet and six figures leapt out, never mind the two-story drop.
“Recover the circlet!”
The Siren shouted. Her personal, loyal fighters went for the window and doors. She whirled, face white with anger and…
And then she saw Omusc, staring at Ceria, slowly sheathing her blade. The other bandits, all looking at Ceria.
The half-Elf calmly took a huge bite of her breakfast and glanced around. It was that casual act that let the other diners know…they turned.
Four dead in this room, not counting the original [Thief]. The Siren focused on Ceria’s head. Her hair was a bit messy, and there was no indentation, no circlet. Ceria looked up, and her pale eyes glinted.
“Alright. I think I’ve got it. First trick? Chubby chipmunk. Here’s the second icebreaker. A magic trick. First you see it, then I let someone take it. Then…”
She tapped the side of her head.
“Tada.”
The circlet was back on her head. As if it had never left. Omusc recoiled and slammed into another [Bandit]. It wasn’t just that it had been invisible—a strand of hair had been right there, where the circlet was. Had it reappeared? Teleported? Messed with her appearance?
Ceria sat there, looking around as Revine Zecrew, Omusc, and the others looked at her.
“Just thought I’d get that out there so no one tries grabbing it. So how about it? Maybe I’ll work on it so there are fewer bodies next time. I didn’t think anyone would fall for it.”
She winked at Omusc and glanced at the five fallen figures in the room. Ceria took a sip of water. The [Pillager] looked at Ceria and something escaped her mouth. Abelesque too—unprompted, unrehearsed—they started laughing.
It wasn’t exactly amused laughter. At the same time? That half-Elf, sitting there, eating with an icebreaker that killed five people?
That was Savere’s kind of humor. Ceria got the joke. She grinned and winked as a few people threw food or utensils, cursing at her. They sat back down and the Siren eyed Ceria. She turned on her heel, but not before snapping.
“Ceria, my floor. Fifteen minutes.”
The half-Elf nodded. She saw a few figures get up and saunter over for a quick word or to keep cursing her out. A [Trickster] wanted to congratulate her, and Omusc watched. From being a Gold-rank in a foreign city to now?
She was a little too good at fitting in. Everything Omusc thought she had pegged down about Ceria was flapping around in a storm. The real question was—what would happen next? Everyone wanted to know. And that included people who would have never cared about Ceria a few weeks ago.
 
——
 
The Siren of Savere rarely felt nervous. Tense—angry—yes. But afraid?
