8.57 H
Page 3
She had faced down gang leaders and [Pirate Captains], from the famous Admiral Seagrass to the Drowned Folk’s deadliest marauders. Sometimes she compromised or acceded against her will, but it was Revine’s firm belief that she could kill anyone who sailed the sea. Some battles would almost certainly result in her death, but there was always the possibility that anyone who crossed her would end up with a hole in their forehead.
By contrast, she didn’t like unknown quantities. What bothered her wasn’t an overwhelmingly strong person, because you could run from them or bargain, or team up. It was not knowing how someone would jump when the storm rolled in.
It was part of the reason why she and her sister didn’t get along. The Siren of Savere paced around her rooms on the top floor of the Siren’s Lookout—the informal nickname for Runsblud’s palace.
She was half-watching Ceria out of the corner of her eye. The [Cryomancer] was reading a spellbook and standing in the practice rooms, which could contain high-grade magical spells. She was currently posing on one foot like a martial artist, the other foot resting against her knee. The spellbook floated in front of her as Ceria raised both hands upwards, spreading her fingers in a complicated pose. Every few seconds, the page would flip and Ceria’s eyes would skim across it.
“…What in the name of Rhir’s hells is she doing?”
Revine craned her neck, trying to find purpose in the pose. There were ways to chant to enhance a spell, or poses one could take; there was even a magical theory which proposed supporting spells with naturalistic movements to coordinate the flow of mana could enhance or facilitate easier casting.
Ceria just looked like an idiot. She stood on the tips of her toes; Revine admitted it was astonishing balance. Then she did a quick transfer and landed on her other foot, repeating the one-legged pose.
The Siren wasn’t the only one watching the antics. A Drake with a huge, white beard and robes was watching, eyes locked on the circlet on her head. So were the servants, gazing at Ceria out of the corners of their eyes.
“Revine? Are you there? Revine? I think we lost her. Hey, turn the ship around! We need better reception! Try riding that wave over there or something…”
The Siren snapped back to reality. She lifted the customized speaking stone to her lips.
“I can still hear you, Rasea.”
Her voice was resigned. She heard that famous tone, like it was laughing at all times, and, behind it, the chatter of a ship. Then Rasea Zecrew, one of the most famous [Pirates] in the world, spoke.
“Good! Good! So how’s Savere, Revine? Lots of interesting things happening? Stolen anything good, recently? I heard the Empress of Beasts is loose. Say, are the Bloodtear Pirates hanging out there? I heard one of their navies was sailing in.”
Revine closed her eyes. She had a headache.
“Everything is—fine here, sister.”
They were having a speaking stone call. Which was not actually that common, even though such spells were possible. But to carry on a conversation in real time rather than a [Message] spell, you needed a Wistram-trained [Mage] who could enchant two identical lodestones of enough power to carry on a conversation—and even then it only worked within a certain radius of Savere.
Often Rasea, a [Pirate Captain] who sailed the Illuminary, the world’s fastest ship, would often be far too far away to carry on a conversation. However, Revine was a [Bandit Queen], and that conferred certain privileges.
