8.57 H
Page 8
He had failed. Or something else had consumed his attention, because Roshal was still pursuing them. Not with elite [Slave Masters] or [Slave Lords], but with rank-and-file. With hired mercenaries and expendable troops. Pisces could not know how many had died, sniped out of the air by spells.
He did see Roshal’s attacking force, though. Like the Goblins who had raided the caravan—they hit hard and fast.
[Sand Mercenaries]. They charged out of the sands, riding camels, both people and mounts equipped with visors to shield them from the bright glare, screaming, shrieking.
“To arms! Get up! Get to your squads!”
Merr the Storm was bellowing as Pisces raced out of his tent, fumbling with his robes, rapier drawn. He whirled—saw Roshal’s warriors—and then saw them screaming, fleeing—Pisces hesitated.
What the?
One of them vanished as a beam of something blasted a hole in his back. The camels were running, wide-eyed, and half of them were on foot. Running towards their camp. Away from the real attackers.
“Monsters! Monsters from the Glass Straits!”
Merr realized what was happening faster than Pisces. Roshal’s mercenaries were being routed. They had snuck up on the caravan—only to be ambushed in turn. But by what?
Hidden from the glaring glass road by the dune, the people could only see flashes of something. A kind of ray-spell, to Pisces’ eyes. Screams—but no sound he could pick up on the other side. Pisces searched for Merr.
She had parked the wagons in a circle around their camp, and now she had a standard defensive line. Fighters with spears and swords to hold the gaps, and people with bows trained on the crest of the dune.
“Merr! I will scout it out!”
She looked at him, hesitated; Pisces saw her glancing around, then she swore and called back.
“Don’t lose your head!”
He nodded. No ‘don’t take a risk’; they had to know what was attacking. Monsters, someone had said. But what…?
[Invisibility]. [Muffle]. [Flash Step]…Pisces crested the hill and went blind. The glare from the Glass Straits! He tried to shade his eyes, but he didn’t know the spell…
Spells. A [Mage]’s toolbox, and if he had a proper, complete spellbook, he would have looked up—Pisces squinted, then swore. He came stumbling back, half-blind.
“Pisces! What is it?”
Eloque called out. Merr rode over. Pisces pointed.
“Some kind of…glass monster. With a center eye. Not Crelers. Not scorpions, but…”
Merr’s eyes flickered. She looked around, and a [Bandit] swore.
“Shield Kingdoms guard us. It must be Crystal Lights. Boss, boss, we have to move! They’ll set us all on fire!”
He was a Stitch-man. Merr licked her lips nervously.
“How many?”
“Only sixty.”
Pisces assured her. But rather than reassure the [Bandit], he went pale.
“Sixty? Boss, we can’t fight sixty of ‘em! They’ll kill us before we close, and we’re blind out here!”
Merr swore.
“How fast do they move?”
“Slow. We can outride them on horseback, even with wagons. But they have a range of…”
“Mount up! Get rolling! You lot—right up against the dune! They come up, you take five swings and run!”
Merr roared at once. She singled out a squad of [Bandits], who turned pale and hesitated. Merr snapped.
“Do it or I’ll fill you with arrows! I’ll cover us with a storm. Will that work?”
The [Bandit] looked up and brightened.
“Should do!”
“We’re running?”
Pisces was incredulous. He was still blinking spots out of his eyes, but the caravan numbered in the hundreds. There were sixty of the monsters…Merr looked at him.
“Unless you’re hiding the rest of your team up your ass? Yeah!”
“We can win! I have a Skeleton Lord and—”
