8.57 H
Page 4
Such as them not having to worry about this speaking stone’s call being interrupted, which was a real hazard of most communication spells. Even so, long-distance calls weren’t that common…mainly because the two sisters didn’t often get along.
Yet right now, Rasea was cordial, even chatty.
“Good old Runsblud. Is the Hanged Bait still open? No one’s shanked old Ernol yet?”
“As far as I know, no.”
“Hah! He’s got more lives than a Cat O’ Nine Lives! I miss his drinks, though. Finest in any port, isn’t that right, lasses?”
There was a chorus in the background to the effect of, ‘aye, Captain!’, ‘never had better!’, ‘I’m one of the lads, Captain’, and so on. Rasea went on as Revine rolled her eyes.
“You know, it’s been too long since we talked. We should have a drink. Head out! Have a night in some coastal port, sink a few ships. What do you say?”
Revine sighed.
“Rasea. You’ve heard about my guest, haven’t you?”
A pause, infinitesimal, followed by a hearty laugh.
“What? Guest? I don’t know what you’re talking about, sister. Although, if you’ve got guests, I should meet them, eh? We can swap stories. I was on the trail of those [Strategists] and those damned Swords of Serept, but they’re inland and I don’t feel like sailing up a river with all those Drakes about. I just thought I’d head back, embrace my sister—”
“Rasea. Stop it.”
Of her many qualities, good and bad—and she had many—Rasea Zecrew was not exactly known for subtlety, and Revine knew her well. She was drawn to action and stories like a bee to sugar or Dreamleaf. Rasea paused, clearly thinking on how to tackle things next.
“Alright, big sis. My favorite sister—so, uh, you’ve got that famous Gold-rank team, eh?”
“Just one. Don’t flatter me.”
“Is it flattery? We’re family!”
“You tried to stab me the last time we met.”
“Only because you—you know what? Let’s let bygones be bygones. I’m just curious, Revine.”
“You and half the world.”
The Siren watched as Ceria cast a spell. [Ice Wall]. It rose upwards and she hopped over on one leg to inspect it. She put a hand to the wall, frowning. What was she doing?
“Will this take long? I don’t want your ship in my ports. I have a gang war brewing and there’s a Drowning Night coming—”
Mistake.
“You don’t say. How big? Bloodtear started it, didn’t they? Hah! You couldn’t ask them to postpone it until we get there?”
“If you come anywhere within ten miles of Savere, I will sink the Illuminary. Clear off!”
Revine snapped. Rasea paused.
“Don’t be like that, Revine. I just want to see this Relic. So it’s so good it fooled you, huh?”
Her tone was now needling. Revine knew what she was doing but…it was working. She gritted her teeth.
“Not just me. Omniscel the Omnipotent fell for it himself.”
“A high-level [Enchanter] and my big sister? Well, well, well.”
“You are not coming here. The Relic’s probably bound to Ceria Springwalker and—I am warning you, Rasea.”
“Just tell me what it does. It’s an Archmage’s circlet, isn’t it? Not too useful for me. If it’s all sparkles and spells, I’ll leave you alone, so let’s talk, huh?”
Revine hesitated. That was true. Rasea loved treasure, but she liked magical swords and armor more than artifacts she couldn’t use. She sighed. Family always knew how to push your buttons.
“It’s some kind of powerful mental circlet. That’s all I know. It can create false copies that fool everyone—and it’s cursed. Or at least, the [Enchanter] thinks so. He thinks it attached itself to Ceria when she picked it up.”
Rasea whistled through the stone.
“Interesting. I’ve seen a few of those. Is it sentient?”
Revine’s back prickled.
