8.57 H
Page 28
You could buy magnificent potions from him. Healing, stamina, magic—all your standard goods, and a thousand top-quality potions were now in Savere’s treasury. The best kind of stuff you’d find on the market.
However, there were items Irurx sold that were not on any market’s listings. He was no battle-items specialist. No healing savant. His specialty was one thing.
Potions of Skill. Potions of Transformation. Hirelings of the kind you unleashed. Beasts of…burden.
Drink one of his potions, and if you were a fumble-fingered [Thug], for eight minutes you’d be able to flip over walls and pick locks with toothpicks. Or conversely—you’d fight with all the abilities of a Level 28 [Warrior].
Other [Alchemists] could do that, but Irurx’s were stronger, more potent, and his crew was known to be…different. What few you saw of them were generally hooded or clothed. They were beyond loyal to him, such that Revine would never try to corrupt one. She didn’t want one.
What did he want? The Siren entered her private quarters and snapped.
“Alchemist Irurx. I apologize for the wait. Alchemist—”
She looked around. Where was he? She felt like she would have smelled him at once; even now, there was some kind of mycenoid odor in the air, like fungus and mold and the conditions to grow it, mixed with the alchemical fugue.
But it wasn’t immediate. The Siren looked around.
“Where is…? You!”
She pointed and a servant flinched.
“Where is the Alchemist?”
The woman flinched and hurried to reply.
“He—he was just here, Siren! But he left about ten minutes ago…”
“For the restroom?”
The thought of Alchemist Irurx having something as normal as bowel movements…the Siren hesitated.
“Well…where is he?”
If it was her private bathrooms, she’d be casting [Cleanse] spells all day. The servant hurried off, clearly weighing having to find Irurx versus the Siren’s wrath. Revine tapped her foot until someone came hurrying to find her.
“Siren!”
It wasn’t the servant. Revine turned and saw Omusc striding her way. The [Pillager] looked worried.
“Where is Ceria? No—don’t bring her here. Don’t tell me she’s downstairs, making an ass of herself in front of those pirates!”
The Siren was losing her patience. She glanced out the window and saw it was getting dark.
“Drowning Night is coming. Don’t let her outside. We’re sealing the palace!”
Those damned Bloodtear Pirates! She hadn’t expected them to do a Drowning Night tonight. What were they hinting at? Omusc bowed.
“I’ll find her.”
“You had better. Find her and get her back here if she’s outside. Don’t bother coming back if she’s not with you!”
“Siren?”
Omusc turned pale. Revine actually gave her a shove.
“You heard me! Get Ceria or you will live to regret it!”
Omusc hesitated, then turned and ran to beat the fading sun. Revine looked around, foot tapping. Circlet. Irurx. Where was…?
She had a sudden suspicion. But before she could act on it, the Siren heard distant screams, coming from overhead. She cursed.
There were Garuda in the air. Hundreds. Outside Savere, she could see figures stalking the streets as people hurried into homes, boarding them up. They were actually fortifying the ground.
“Those idiots.”
The Bleakbeaks had called in every gang to teach Bloodtear a lesson. They outnumbered the [Pirates] by far. The Siren thought they were both fools for this petty toll in blood—for what, a handful of treasure and loot from the others’ corpses? Maybe Irurx would pay them for the dead bodies.
