8.57 H
Page 20
Pisces was counting. There were more unique…his brows raised.
“When I consider how many there are—I have gained only one of these unique Skills.”
“They’re rare for a reason. I’ve heard there’s even another one.”
“Really? What else could there be?”
Pisces was fascinated. Merr chuckled drily.
“Nah, don’t hold your breath. It’s just—one time some [Sage] or another did a count. He said—there’s green, Original, red in Blood Skills. Yellow in probably that Royal stuff. Even Yellat Skills. There’s Skills you don’t even notice.”
“Mhm.”
“So…where’s the damn blue stuff, eh? Blue and maybe purple.”
Pisces stared at Merr.
“…And are there?”
She shrugged.
“I have no clue. Some idiot just said there ought to be them, right?”
“I suppose…it does make sense. Do you personally know anyone who has any of these Skills? Besides…[Slave].”
That word dropped into their conversation. Pisces tried to say it normally, but he couldn’t. His neck itched. He remembered…
Merr’s eyes flickered, but she replied normally.
“Aside from that? Yeah, I know some Blood Skills and Yellat Skills. I have a Yellat Skill. But Blood Skills? Nasty. One fellow had one that made him tougher. Not just feeling less pain—tougher. But guess what happened?”
“Hm?”
“He started…getting tougher skin. Rougher. I even think he grew a bit—it freaked everyone out, and I kicked him out of the gang. Never heard what happened to him. I asked him how he got it, once. Then I decided I didn’t want to know. You get me? You don’t want to know how they get those Skills.”
Pisces nodded slowly. The mood turned more somber. Merr kept scrubbing; she was nearly done. Pisces was beginning to do so himself, but he had dirt everywhere. And his hair…
“You really are a ball of dirt, eh?”
“I suppose you were right.”
He sighed. Merr nodded. She sat there, skin cleaned. He saw her glance at him. Merr smiled, looked at the tent flaps. Then…paused.
“I’d better get back out there and keep order. Nice magicing today. Raising a hundred undead in one go—that’s Gold-rank for you. Wistram graduate, never mind not finishing schooling.”
Pisces ducked his head. Merr glanced at him.
“How’s the spellbook going along?”
He grimaced. He also had the half-burned book from Albez, and some of the books that Az’kerash had given him, but they weren’t spellbooks as much as theory.
“Slowly. The new spellbook is…less valuable immediately. It might behoove—be better if I just studied spells.”
But the new spellbook was fascinating. Pisces wished Ceria had the Albez book, but they had traded it off and…he hoped she was well. He would find her.
Merr nodded. She looked towards the tent flaps again, then spoke.
“You said you were a decent [Mage]. You know a bunch of spells, right? You learned [Condensation], and you thought you could pick up [Cleanse]…”
“If I had the right magic. Is there a spell that would be helpful?”
The [Bandit Lady] hesitated. She looked at Pisces, then past him. For once, her easy companionship faltered.
“Nah. Maybe. Do you know…well, spells that make people forget things?”
Pisces stirred. Merr glanced at him and grinned, but this time it was fake.
“Just—you know, blank it out? I heard some [Mages] that ran with gangs had something like that—”
“Remove a memory completely, you mean?”
She nodded, still not quite looking at him. Pisces stared down, only half-thinking of the answer he knew. He looked at her.
“I…a complete memory removal spell would be beyond me. It’s very powerful, to be able to do that. I am sure it is possible…”
He thought of Az’kerash.
“But not…”
