8.57 H
Page 18
“That’s Chandrar for you. We don’t have worse things—lots of people say that. But my old boss used to say it was just that we had more space between them. More space for things to get tough.”
Merr was industriously removing grit from her skin. She kept talking, because it was awkward to share a steam tent in silence, but after five minutes it was less completely mortifyingly awkward and more simply uncomfortable. After ten? He eyed her shoulders, not simply peeking, but looking at…
A Stitch-Person. Pisces had never actually seen a Stitch-Person…uncovered before. He had seen dead bodies, but contrary to everyone’s perception of the most degenerate [Necromancers], he was at least respectful of the dead. He did not…do things.
Stitch-People had that tell-tale pattern of stitches around where limbs connected. They were not in the same place. For instance, some, like Octavia, had a ring of stitches around their neck. Others had it lower down, around their collarbones. Most had stitching around their wrists, arms—for easy replacement.
But they had stitching everywhere. Merr had two huge rows of stitches running down around her shoulders, and another near her hips.
Patchwork people. And you could remove any part of yourself and turn it into cloth except…
“It is so weird seeing someone without stitches. You’re pretty fair-skinned too, nevermind the sunburn and tan.”
Merr was eying him. Pisces turned red again, but she only grinned.
“Don’t mind me. I like to bother people. Kick ‘em down early, that’s how I have to run my gang. I’m not used to having…people around, rather than underlings or other gang leaders.”
“Ah. Well I—I take no offense.”
Pisces began scrubbing absently at his skin and realized he had layers of grime. Merr eyed him.
“Might take a while for you.”
“Indeed.”
Pisces decided to wait a bit longer. Merr kept working. She glanced at him.
“At some point I’m probably going to ask you to get my back.”
The [Necromancer] sighed. Of course. He stared pointedly at one wall.
“Is this…normal?”
Merr laughed softly.
“In Chandrar? No. There’s plenty of solo bathing and only-lads bathing. This isn’t that common. Families would do it, or friends who know each other.”
“Then why—”
Pisces half-rose, saw her laughing at him, and realized this was why. He sat back down glumly. But he had to admit, it was sort of funny.
Merr was easygoing. She reminded him quite a lot of Jelaqua in some ways, but where Jelaqua would pull back…
“So you’ve been a [Bandit Lady] all your life?”
“[Bandit]. My first class. I was levelling when I was six. Not that you get [Bandit] straight off—I think I was first a [Scrounger]. Kid-classes, you know?”
“No, I…do you mean [Page]?”
“Page? What’s that, like books?”
Pisces had to explain the system of knighthood that went from page, squire, to knight-in-training, then full knight. It was so commonplace to him he expected everyone to know it, but Merr just nodded.
“Yeah, that sounds like kid-classes to me. It’s rare they get full ones unless they’re actually doing something. [Accomplice]—that’s another one. [Lowlife]?”
“It’s a very…generic class. Like [Peasant], I suppose.”
“No shit. Someone actually gets that class? Now there’s a class that was made to stink.”
Pisces grimaced.
“People do obtain it. I think it’s the kind of class one acquires in lieu of anything else.”
“What’s lieu mean?”
“It—you acquire the class because you can’t do anything. I understand what [Peasants] are good at is…working and surviving acrim—terrible conditions. They have a variety of Skills, but I have heard there are some benefits.”
