8.58 PFH
Page 7
He saw Erin resting her arms on the balcony, staring out at the city. She could see it, and the places that had been here before, from a time before Khelt to other periods in its history.
He envied her that. It was beautiful, to hear the lands of the dead described. A place without pain, where kin and enemies gathered without strife.
Beautiful, until he heard how there was danger there. Until they told him there was something—six of them—attacking the ghosts, such that the mightiest legends were helpless against them.
Yet Fetohep still admired death. He found solace that the end would not be the end after his bones decayed and he was succeeded—provided he could fight to keep it secure. Yet, as he looked at Erin, he saw her expression.
It was only a beautiful dream for him. Because Fetohep did not eat. He did not sleep or drink, and he could not hold and feel or smell. He was already dead.
For this young ghost? It wore at her. Erin Solstice stared blankly ahead—until she noticed him watching her and smiled.
“So, uh…anything new happening? Not that I’m bored. I know, I know. I have lessons. It’s just…”
Her gaze flickered back to the horizon. Fetohep glanced around and saw a face he had only seen in death, Queen Xierca, looking at him from afar, from inside the palace. She mouthed words, and he nodded.
Fetohep of Khelt cleared his throat, or made a sound like it.
“The world is somewhat odd, Erin Solstice. I am…old, yet it changes quicker and quicker these days. I am told that Drakes are besieging the Gnolls in their Great Plains, and they are beginning to clash. I have news, some of which I cannot fathom, from Ailendamus, and Chandrar as well. The King of Destruction lies under siege. This troubles me.”
“It does? He’s a jerk too, though.”
Fetohep saw Erin frown and fold her arms. He nodded.
“…Jerk…though he may be, his death will cause great strife. I have not intervened, but perhaps you and I would speak on the world as it pertains to Khelt?”
Erin eyed Fetohep. With a slight smile, she shook her head.
“You don’t need me. I’m just an [Innkeeper].”
He hesitated.
“Ah. This is true. But I confess, Erin Solstice, it becomes…wearying. To have no one to speak to, even uncertainties, thoughts.”
“Oh. Well…I don’t mind. I mean, I know Califor wants me, but if it would help—lay it on me! You need to figure out what to do?”
“Inaction is a decision as much as action.”
Erin rubbed her hands together.
“Alright, let’s blow up Reim with a super-spell.”
Fetohep raised one brow and Erin laughed.
“Just kidding! There are people there. Let’s hex his hair green. Um…so what is happening?”
He told her, and the [Innkeeper] smiled and listened and gave her opinion, which made him smile. She seemed to brighten up for a moment, and Fetohep saw her look out across Chandrar.
“…And my friends?”
He paused.
“I do not know where Mrsha is. Yet I do now know where some of the Horns of Hammerad have landed. It has taken time, and one is as yet missing. But…”
Fetohep had hesitated to tell her, especially when he heard of Roshal—he had been distracted, and Roshal refused to have any dealings with Khelt, so he did not monitor their auctions and chatter. But Queen Xierca’s words and Erin’s mood convinced him.
Distract her. The [Innkeeper] brightened up in an instant.
“You know where they are? That’s wonderful! And—and Ryoka’s in Ailendamus for some reason? Married to Tyrion Veltras?”
“That would be the rumor. I do not think it is necessarily true.”
Erin shook her head, counting on her fingers.
“Lyonette’s in Oteslia, Halrac and the others are okay—Mrsha’s…”
