8.58 PFH
Page 26
The jagged shard of ice caught her in the throat. The Bloodtear Pirates stared at their friend. Then one of them grabbed a horn and blew it.
“You’ve done it. You’ve done it now—”
“It’s okay.”
Omusc was lying there. Ceria looked around. She saw more Bloodtear Pirates moving this way. It must have been a horn for ‘high-level foe’. A wall of ice rose, blocking her from the [Pirates] and arrows and spells. She bent over Omusc and uncorked a healing potion.
“Just stay here. I think I can hold them off. This is a good place.”
They were caught between both sides in a plaza. Nice, open, flat; not a place you wanted to stick around in for fear of incoming arrows. Ceria bent over Omusc.
The [Pillager] was at the end of her rope, clearly. Exhausted from multiple healings and fighting for at least an hour. Ceria doubted they could get to the palace. So she lifted a hand.
“What are you doing?”
“Don’t worry. I’ve done this before. You’ll live.”
Something rose around Omusc. She tried to rise, but the casket of ice enclosed her. Thickening. She could only watch. Ceria left airholes, but too small to let anything else through. Then she rose. She smiled at the woman inside.
“Don’t worry. I don’t let friends die. Besides.”
She turned. The Bloodtear Pirates were advancing on one side, the Bleakbeaks on the left. Ceria Springwalker touched the circlet on her head.
“—I’m a [Cryomancer]. It’s raining, and they’re coming for me. This is my ground.”
She walked forwards as the red rain pattered off her armor of ice and the casket protecting Omusc. Ceria Springwalker called out.
“I am Captain of the Horns of Hammerad! Ceria Springwalker! Come any closer and I will kill you!”
She heard laughter. The Bloodtear Pirates halted. One laughed. An officer of some kind.
“We know all about you, ‘Ice Squirrel’. You just had to kill one of our own. Your friends won’t protect you.”
“They don’t need to. I am warning you. See this circlet?”
Ceria tapped it. The Drowned Woman eyed it. Then she threw a dagger, so fast Ceria barely dodged it.
“I’m watching. I’ll see how it fits afterwards.”
She flipped another dagger up. Ceria shrugged.
“I warned you.”
The Bloodtear Pirates didn’t answer. They just charged. Ceria Springwalker held up her hand. She aimed her wand at the leader, who juked sideways. The [Pirate] performed an [Evasive Roll] across the cold ground, got back onto her feet, teeth bared—
And slipped—
She hit the ground on her shoulder. Another [Pirate] went down, face-first. Two more began to slide and caught themselves with their balancing Skills. They stared down and across the ground at Ceria.
Two walls of ice had risen around her, blocking either approach. But that was not what halted the [Pirates] and [Raiders] coming in from both sides. Ceria murmured.
“[Slick Spell: Ice Floor].”
Just a simple adjustment to the ice. Wet ice. Wet, nigh-frictionless ice…One of the [Pirates] tried to get up and fell on their back with a curse.
Most of the Bloodtear Pirates slowed, but a number were equal to the challenge. The swearing [Boarding Officer] tried to get up, and a [Pirate] strode past her. His boots perfectly adhered to the ice.
“Nice trick. We’ve seen it plenty of times. Got any more?”
Half the other [Pirates] were moving forwards slowly. Ceria saw they knew how to do it; they were stabbing the ice, wedging blades into the ground as stabilizers. One had even produced…sand. Literal sand, and she was tossing it forwards, creating footholds.
“Damn. It’s never easy.”
