8.58 PFH
Page 33
The [Speaker] glanced back to the throne, yet there was no twitch, no movement of fingers or nuance of the fan held before Yisame’s face. Smoothly, the [Speaker] turned back and looked down at Zenol.
“Our judgment shall not b—”
She hesitated. Fell silent. The Court of Silks, who had fallen respectfully silent for the [Speaker]—but continued to murmur behind their hands—went abruptly still.
Queen Yisame of Nerrhavia’s Fallen stood. The [Speaker]’s eyes widened—then she was walking backwards into her shadow.
Prince Zenol himself seemed dry-mouthed, and Yvlon’s blush over his effusive compliments turned into nervous heart palpitations. They both looked upwards as the [Queen] herself spoke.
“You, Prince Zenol, return to Nerrhavia’s Fallen in the company of a being that has not walked Chandrar for a hundred years. Cognita Truestone. Lesser, but known across the world—Barelle the [Bard]. You, who fought in Izrilian affairs as an adventurer, have come to the Coliseum of Monarchs and shed the blood of Quarein on its sands. For an adventurer. Yvlon Byres.”
Her gaze swept left, and her eyes, like emeralds, flickered across Yvlon’s face. Zenol’s head was bowed, and he knelt once more. Yisame continued.
“A [Prince] stands before the throne and demands justice for corruption. An adventurer seeks her lost comrades, wrongfully imprisoned by the greatest kingdom of Chandrar. These claims fall upon my ears. So. This is my will.”
She paused, and the Court of Silks rustled. Yisame’s face was impeccable; Zenol and Yvlon were sweating. The Quarein family watched, caught between a desire for vengeance and…apprehension. When Yisame spoke, her words were carried across Nerrhavia’s Fallen.
“Let it not be said that Nerrhavia’s Fallen will lag behind any nation for justice, for righteousness. [Supreme Adjudicator] Coroint will take charge of this investigation.”
Every head swung left and there were gasps. The old Stitch-Man bowed. His eyes glittered as they rested on Yvlon. But the [Armsmistress] thought it was whoever was in his hunt that would truly be having heart attacks.
Yisame went on.
“You, Prince Zenol, have slain a valuable servant of Quarein’s line. Asked for pardon. If Yvlon Byres is freed, what will you do next? Tell us, adventurer.”
She looked down, and Yvlon realized it was her turn to speak. She rose, slowly, every eye on her.
“Your Majesty. If I am freed, I would go to seek my friends. My teammates. I know where one of them is, and the location of another…I think.”
The court stirred. Yisame narrowed her eyes.
“We know of this one. Ksmvr of Chandrar, the Antinium. He rides with enemies of Nerrhavia’s Fallen.”
“With respect, Your Majesty—he is not the enemy of anyone. He is searching for me. I would go to him and find my other two teammates and trouble Nerrahvia’s Fallen no longer.”
Yvlon croaked. Those eyes seemed to be boring into hers, looking her up and down as if she were some kind of book to read. Prince Zenol broke in.
“If you will grant me the right, I will aid Yvlon Byres in her search, My Queen.”
She looked at them. Yisame Beziin held perfectly still, painted lips pursed—
Then she smiled.
She smiled, and Yvlon’s heart leapt in confusion. The [Queen] snapped her fan open.
“It is done.”
The court stirred. Quarein’s family seemed to be having conniptions. The [Queen] pointed down at the two as Zenol and Yvlon blinked. Her voice rose, and she spoke faster.
