8.58 PFH
Page 23
Some of the [Pirates] had seen her and clearly weighed taking pot-shots, but they seemed to recognize her and let her pass. By the time Ceria got to the rocks closest to the palace, the Siren had cast a spell.
A staircase made of water led Ceria up to the balcony. She got up a third of the way, then sat down.
“What’s wrong?”
Revine shouted down at her. The storm raged around her, but neither the wind nor air bothered the [Hydromancer]. Ceria hollered back up.
“I’m—out of—breath!”
It was a lot of stairs, and a long walk from port. Even so. Revine stared at Ceria, and a ball of water rose under her and began to carry her up the stairs.
“Thank you.”
Ceria walked onto the balcony. Revine just looked at her.
“Irurx took you to Shifthold. You escaped. Did you see…what lies below?”
All she knew were stories. She had never set foot down there. Ceria grimaced.
“Yep. It’s not pretty. Lots of experiments. Bug-related. Not Antinium—just bugs, I think.”
“Ex—bugs? Was it—and he let you go?”
“Mhm. He didn’t have a choice. See?”
Ceria tapped the glowing circlet on her head. Revine eyed it apprehensively.
“What—what is it doing?”
“Glowing.”
It winked out as Ceria tapped it. She exhaled.
“Whew.”
The Siren of Savere was lost for words for a minute.
“Do you mean you just made it light up and—he let you walk off?”
Ceria smiled crookedly.
“Why not? It’s an adventurer’s oldest trick. Besides, I was pretty sure he couldn’t tell what the circlet was doing. You can’t.”
It was true. Revine couldn’t tell if that was a simple [Light] spell or illusion. Ceria exhaled again.
“I hate bluffing. But it worked so I didn’t have to do anything else. We parted on a truce. He might sell me some potions if I give him some information.”
“About…?”
“The Village of the Dead. Apparently, the [Necromancer] there was some kind of famous person to Irurx. He had undead beetles…I think they were undead. Good luck to Irurx, I say. He can shake hands with what’s inside.”
Revine just looked at Ceria. She was trying, very hard, not to be admiring. She had seen stone-cold bluffs before, but Ceria’s would be the stuff of bar stories among [Sailors], even if they never heard about her lies.
“Few can claim they’ve walked Shifthold’s lower decks and lived. I am glad you survived. It was foolish to take his offer.”
“I didn’t have much of a choice. He brought two of his crew ashore.”
“He did? That—”
“In his cloak. You might want to watch out for it; he’s got reinforcements.”
The Siren cursed. That was a high-level artifact for certain. Maybe a Relic-class object if it could store people. Or was it a Skill?
Either way—she was relieved it ended there. The Siren gestured to the wild streets below with a curled lip.
“As you can see, a Drowned Night has begun. Two more fleets of the Bloodtear Pirates have sailed in. I…believe they may be dangerous. To me.”
Ceria glanced up. The Siren was sweating in the small of her back. She didn’t know if it was wise to tell Ceria, but right now she was scrambling for any allies, and her army was days of marching away from the capital.
“Hm. Are they going to try to assassinate you?”
Revine spat over the balcony.
“They would not assassinate me. It would come in the open. Stay indoors. It will not be tonight. The Bleakbeaks are doomed. Tomorrow…it will be Savere’s own who begin to clash with them. Spill blood.”
Provocations and inciting incidents. That was how she’d do it. Revine’s stomach churned. Then she looked at Ceria and shook her head; the half-Elf was wet and she wasn’t shivering, but no one liked being soggy. Not even Revine.
