8.58 PFH
Page 20
He pointed a trembling finger at the circlet. That was why he wanted it. Or her—he wanted to see with eyes unfettered by even his own limitations or foibles! Ceria reached up and touched the circlet on her head. She looked at him and smiled, almost pityingly.
“Oh. I get it, Alchemist Irurx. You think I would have loved this. Loved…you. You, and Shifthold, because of what it does.”
Freedom from Morality. Ceria looked over her shoulder again. At the suffering and insanity. She shook her head.
“I don’t love that. I don’t like it. It is cruel. Disgusting—especially that.”
She pointed blandly at something that started at her, half-formed. Ceria wrinkled her nose.
“Yes. I can see how disturbing it is. It doesn’t bother me, though. That’s where you’re right. See the beauty? That’s where I’m afraid you’re wrong, Irurx. Even if you take this circlet from me and put it on someone else, you won’t get what you want. It’s only beautiful to you.”
She looked back at him, and the [Alchemist] recoiled as if she’d struck him. Ceria’s pale eyes were calm.
“It is the truth my people—a glorious—”
The circlet on her head gleamed as the half-Elf [Cryomancer] spoke.
“No. It is not an objective fact. I am free from morality, I suppose. It’s an odd feeling. But even so—I don’t like what you’ve done here. If I thought I could, I would stop you. Since I can’t—I’ll do nothing.”
“Stop me. You? Who’s freed from—”
“Free does not mean ignorant.”
Ceria moved. She grabbed the bottle he held, and her fingers closed over the stopper. Shifthold stirred, but now they were locked together. Ceria stared at Irurx.
“It’s still there. I can see it. I don’t like this place. Not because I care for anything in here. But because I have friends who would be horrified. Because this place would do terrible things to people I care about. I find it mildly offensive. But I’d also like to live.”
The [Alchemist] stared at her. His expression was trembling. Shifting as much as his ship.
Confusion—then to disappointment, anger—sadness—longing.
“You can see what I am doing.”
“Yes. Searching for something. But it’s not terrifying.”
“Why?”
Such a plaintive question. As if a child were asking it. Why don’t you see anything here? Ceria smiled. They were wrestling for the bottle now, and if it opened—she grabbed for it with two hands, but he was so strong. Changed by his own formulas.
“—Because—I’ve seen worse. I’ve seen things I don’t understand. This? You made this. I understand this. It’s just bullying. It’s just cruelty.”
He pulled and Ceria saw the bottle lift. The fragile glass crack in his grip. Irurx stared at Ceria, mystified.
“What should I do with you? I had such hopes. Now…even what you hold, I want less. But I still want it.”
The buzzing. Figures were above decks, shapes behind her. Ceria sighed. She put up her hands.
“Irurx. I came with you politely, as a guest. We enjoyed ourselves, didn’t we? I didn’t see what you wanted, but I am not here to stop or kill you or even judge you. Why don’t we speak? Or at least—go our separate ways.”
He looked at her, bottle raised. Ceria’s circlet shone without any magic he could see. She was a Gold-rank adventurer, but he had held them in Shifthold’s bowels.
“And if I don’t agree?”
Irurx whispered. Ceria’s smile never changed.
“Then, Alchemist. You will find out exactly what this circlet does.”
 
——
 
Revine Zecrew stared at Shifthold, at dock. She had her wand in one hand, and the other was clenched into a fist.
I could sink that damn ship.
