8.58 PFH
Page 14
“I’ve smelled worse. They’re somewhat creepy, but I’ve seen worse.”
“Indeed. Astonishing. I can count on one hand those in this century who have had the stomach to dine in Shifthold, let alone quite so…voraciously?”
Again, his eyes travelled upwards. Ceria smiled.
“You did make me a pressing invitation.”
He chuckled.
“I am sorry. But the Siren is notoriously clever, and I knew she would not be occupied long. That was my chance, and I greatly desired speaking with you.”
He had knocked on her door with two of those crewmembers in his wake. Ceria had heard he was forbidden from taking any ashore. Well…no one had seen them after she had agreed to his dining invitation.
They had stepped into the shadow of his robe and vanished.
She assumed they might still be there. Ceria chomped down. Nothing’s wrong with me yet.
“Is that Gnoll fish paste sauce? I love that too.”
Irurx glanced up as the platter returned with a bottle of wine and two glasses. He hesitated, then spoke as it was placed next to the first.
“To answer your question. I am three hundred and twelve years old. I—”
Lightning flashed and boomed outside the cabin. If it had been just a hair earlier it would have been dramatic. As it was, it was just sort of annoying. The rain began pattering harder, and Ceria heard distant booms and a clash of metal on metal in the distance.
“The Drowned Night has begun.”
Irurx glanced towards the port window, then back at her. Ceria swallowed slowly.
“You’re three centuries old? Really?”
He smiled.
“A third of it was spent in a village. I was a century old when I left. Exactly.”
“Wow. That’s…why did you leave?”
Most half-Elves either stayed forever or left when they were younger, like Ceria. He was an odd case. Irurx drummed his fingers on the table and winced. His fingers were gloved, even to eat the crab, and he touched at one hand.
“Tonic.”
The figure who had brought the food left and came back with a bottle. Irurx spoke as he fussed with the glove, poured a tonic over his hand—under the table. It had to be burned too.
“I will tell you. But first, let us speak of home, sister.”
“Alright, brother.”
They stared at each other. Irurx hesitated.
“—Perhaps we should dispense with the familiarity. It sounds—”
“Odd?”
“Entirely uncomfortable, yes.”
Ceria rolled her eyes.
“I met a half-Elf who kept calling me ‘sister’. And she only ate vegetables and she did that thing, you know? We must guide the younger races?”
Irurx closed his eyes.
“I am all too familiar. Perhaps I’ve met her?”
“Falene Skystrall?”
“Skystrall…the village? Yes. That particular half-Elf? No. They’re all like that.”
“Dead gods. Well, I know where I’m not going.”
Irurx smiled and Ceria grinned. The conversation was shifting. Swinging, back and forth, like the gently moving boat. From casual to…
For now, it was pleasant. Ceria pointed at the crab.
“My village would never eat a crab. They’d be horrified. They hate eating things with…faces. Sometimes a [Hunter] would bring in a catch, like once every two months. Or they’d find a freshly-dead animal or whatnot. Then we’d eat it in a stew, or something. But always skinned and processed. No seafood. I thought fish were cute little friends you fed—until I ate one.”
“Ah. That is reasonably adventurous. My village was strictly vegetarian. Some refused to even eat eggs. Not that they wanted for food; they had a Yellat they’d grown for over eighty years. It was taller than my house.”
“Wow. And there weren’t birds or scavengers…?”
Irurx waved a hand.
“Spells. They warded the village outskirts from bugs, the skies…a perfect magical bubble.”
