8.58 PFH
Page 36
Nsiia rode ahead impatiently. Ksmvr hastened after her as Rémi Canada captured the entire scene with the camera. The [Empress] stared ahead, frowning, riding faster.
“Each second we give them is another second of preparation, Vasraf. Illivere still lies at our backs. Forwards.”
“It will be a slaughter until we reach their lines. My Queen—you must stay behind.”
Vasraf urged her. He turned to Ksmvr, Leka Thri.
“If someone were to distract the Magic Throwers long enough—”
Ksmvr hesitated. He looked at Leka Thri, and the Garuda looked at Rémi, up towards the First of Judgement, and towards Nsiia and Vasraf. She met his gaze steadily, hands tight on her reins. Ksmvr looked at Spitty, who harrumphed and tried to twist his head around so he could nail Ksmvr in the face. The Antinium looked at Vasraf, at Nsiia, at the flying undead man…
The flying undead man stared at Ksmvr. Ksmvr stared at him, then at Nsiia. She stared at the [Vizir].
Leka Thri, Vasraf, and Rémi Canada all stared at Vizir Hecrelunn. The Revenant’s burning red eyes were locked on Ksmvr.
“Att—”
Vasraf had his bow raised. Hecrelunn muttered.
“Bug people. Hah!”
Ksmvr unsheathed his swords, but the [Vizir] shot upwards. The entire army slowed as they saw him shoot higher. Loquea Dree broke, circling around him like hunters, but the [Vizir] accelerated.
He was heading towards…Nsiia went pale.
“What was that? Some kind of Revenant?”
“Khelt’s—but how is it—he—here?”
The Vizir was flying ahead, towards the foothills around the monastery of Sottheim. And…Ksmvr stared.
Scaied’s army, entrenched in the foothills. They all gazed upwards, mouths opened as, for the second time, the [Vizir], a figure from Khelt’s ancient past, hovered in midair.
“Halt! Scaied will allow no one access to Sottheim!”
A [Mercenary General] shouted up at the [Vizir]. The Magic Throwers, strange artifacts that shot magic spells rather than objects, like a catapult, were training upwards.
Hecrelunn ignored them all. He reached for something in his bag of holding. His blood-red glare seemed to fix all those below him with a malevolence and rage that dried the tongue. Hecrelunn slowly unfolded a piece of paper.
Then he pulled out a pair of spectacles. He was missing his nose, so he held them in place. He peered down, and read.
“‘I hate scorpions.’”
Scaied’s people looked up at him, bewildered by this objectionable statement. The Vizir stared down at the next line.
“‘Therefore…I am the crazy Vizir.’ Who wrote this?”
He was so angry he was shaking. But the Revenant suddenly calmed. He crumpled up the piece of paper, then incinerated it. Then he removed the spectacles, tucked them away, and pointed.
“Enough. [Blood Lightning].”
A bolt of red lightning cracked downwards. The [General] was thrown clear off his Oisk Stinger. Scaied’s army stared in horror as the Vizir looked around.
He smiled.
“[Meteor Strike]. [Meteor Strike]—”
 
——
 
Ksmvr watched the first flaming comets hit the hills in the distance. Nsiia’s mouth was open in shock. The Revenant swept the hill as Tiqr’s army watched.
“What is he doing?”
“Why is he doing it?”
Leka Thri stood next to Ksmvr, staring at the [Vizir]. That crazy [Vizir]. You never knew what he’d do next. Ksmvr said nothing. He had the most pertinent question of all; though, he couldn’t know it.
As he laid Scaied’s army to waste, freeing the [Monks] of Sottheim…
Why did he look so annoyed?
 
——
 
The letter burned. Words lost.
But elsewhere, further north and amidst a close victory, Pisces Jealnet looked up by morning and saw…
A miracle.
