8.58 PFH
Page 32
“You are as bold and reckless as can be. Even Illphres had more sense, and she was as mule-headed as a block of ice. You need better magic. Come on, before either one of us collapses and they realize we’re out of magic.”
She turned, realized they were standing on the Frostmarrow Behemoth’s head, and Ceria laughed. It slowly lowered, and she nodded. They walked together, as Omusc ran under their umbrella. Alchemist Irurx, the [Pirates], Savere watched.
And Ureita, awash with tears. At the Siren and Ceria Springwalker. Who they would tell stories about. The bearer of a Relic-class item.
The half-Elf who had walked into Shifthold and survived. Who had faced down four Bloodtear Captains and survived a Drowned Night. For, you see, it was about the moment, not the exact details or technicalities.
Friend of the Siren of Savere. Captain of the Gold-rank team, the Horns of Hammerad.
Ceria Springwalker, the Ice Squirrel.
 
——
 
The Siren of Savere had a new ally. Everyone was talking about it, but given how gossip networks worked, half of the people who heard about the Siren’s increased power were uncertain whether or not it was because she had allied with a powerful [Cryomancer]…or bought a new pet.
Now, though…now, they said she was moving. Preparing Savere’s lawless army to give chase to the Empress of Beasts. She had thrown the Bloodtear Pirates out of her port city and was advancing into the conflict that had engulfed this region of Chandrar.
At the same time? People in Tyrant’s Rest, the capital city of Nerrhavia’s Fallen, and abroad watched the video of Prince Zenol returning to his homeland. Nerrhavia’s Fallen had too many [Princes] to count. Far too many, some claimed quietly.
But here was an instant hero. Not least because he had traveled home to aid another adventurer. Yvlon Byres, the Silver Killer, the Human with metal arms. Queen Yisame herself was said to have heard the petition by Prince Zenol.
 
——
 
“Your Majesty, I will vouch on the name of Isphel and my own class that Yvlon Byres was wrongly accused. I ask for an immediate inquiry at the highest levels into Magistrate Ducaz’s claims!”
Prince Zenol stood in the Court of Silks as it exploded. Yvlon Byres stood next to him and saw the angry [Prince] Esceit and his people, the royal line of Quarein, staring daggers.
“You accuse a [Magistrate] of corruption before the crown?”
The [Speaker] of Queen Yisame spoke, her tone imperious, chin tilted upwards. Behind her, the [Queen] herself sat on her throne—the true throne, where other monarchs knelt to supplicate her. Prince Zenol and Yvlon—surprisingly—had been granted permission to rise.
“I do, Your Majesty. No less than I ask that the crown pardon Yvlon Byres, that she might seek her team. She is an adventurer among adventurers and has triumphed where Named-adventurers died. In the Village of the Dead! Should her reward and view of Nerrhavia’s Fallen be that of a kingdom where corrupt men pervert justice? Do we not honor courage and valor?”
Zenol met the [Speaker]’s eyes fearlessly—not Yisame herself. The [Speaker] pursed her lips.
“You are bold, to implicate our will—that of this great kingdom—in errant justice. Nor do I take it lightly. Prince Esceit Quarein has displeased us with their actions in the Coliseum of Monarchs. Yet Isphel has shed blood between families. This is displeasing. Greatly displeasing.”
Zenol ducked his head.
“Forgive me, Your Majesty.”
