8.58 PFH
Page 4
He did not. Half-Elves would let their hearts beat for millenia, in solace, in repose. His would be far shorter, for all he could strive for longer.
Yet the worth of every second spent would be reflected across a hundred thousand hearts, a million. A day of happiness and bliss that never ended throughout their rich lives.
Fetohep of Khelt wondered if Khelt was entangled. No—it surely was. He had begun it, with Princess Jecaina. He would have answered for those sins gladly, for all he had taken part of Jecrass to feed Khelt for future generations.
However, the call had come. Come from the very first [Queen] of Khelt and every ruler hence. Forget peace. Forget waiting. 
Now was the hour to drive Khelt so deeply into the sands that Chandrar shook. Fetohep spoke once.
“Almost.”
The mortal woman cringed, but it was not a rebuke. Fetohep lifted his hand.
“Almost, Your Majesty. Almost. It was a beating heart. I heard it.”
Her ear was…wet. The Dullahan came from distant Baleros, in the north where the world froze over. Fetohep turned his head. His golden gaze flashed.
“You heard it. Then the frozen soul…”
“Perished. But they did come back. At least, enough for their heart to beat.”
“Ah. Then why did it fail? And who…which of them was it?”
“One of the criminals. I can search for the name—”
Fetohep lifted a hand, and the [Cryomancer] fell silent.
“The reason alone will suffice.”
She nodded, licking her lips.
“We attempted the cure based on a number of improvised factors, Your Majesty. We prepared a slow, slow unfreezing spell given the last—failures. A Potion of Regeneration at one tenth of the entire dose we applied when [Detect Life] began to function. We believe it was working. However, two factors complicated the process: the antidote and the patient’s injuries.”
“From the damage of the crossbow bolts.”
She ducked her head.
“Yes, Your Majesty. The Potion of Regeneration should have worked. I even believe it did—but the poison…”
The woman hesitated and Fetohep sighed.
“Requires an antidote fabricated of ingredients so rare even Khelt lacks for a vast quantity.”
Another nod.
“Ethereal alchemical ingredients. If they exist, they are rare indeed. If I might ask about securing more…?”
It was a bold ask, but Fetohep had told her there was no expense to be spared. The King drummed his fingers on the balcony as he surveyed his city.
“…[Whale Hunters], [Deep-Sea Fishers], and net-ships of Drowned Folk are all searching for the fish that produces this ectoplasm. I will inform you when it is acquired.”
“Of course, Your Majesty. However, I can say that the antidote was likely working. It was only a liquid we injected into the ice, so as it melted it ran over the wounds, but we did find the poison neutralized in the blood when we took a sample and performed poison detection spells.”
That got Fetohep’s interest.
“—Then why did this person expire? Was the Potion of Regeneration not enough? I will allow a full dose if you are confident.”
Her eyes widened. The woman hesitated and then shook her head.
“No, Your Majesty. I do not believe it was the potion. As I said, Oteslia and my team are working on perfecting the defrosting process. The antidote being applied before unfreezing would also help greatly, as would more spellcasting—I am suggesting healing crystals being placed around the patient. The problem was not that. It was just…it was all working. All of it. Potions, antidote…”
“And what happened?”
She looked up.
