8.58 PFH
Page 17
Irurx cursed. She saw a flurry of movement—and then it happened. There was a rustle—
And fifteen large, large cockroaches swarmed onto the table and covered the crabs. Ceria saw their fat abdomens wriggling, their wings fanning—Irurx raised his hand.
“I apologize for—”
He looked up to see the half-Elf girl recoil. To see her blanch or scream, and regret the moment was over. Instead? Instead of doing what any half-Elf in the villages would have, she idly picked up a roach, which immediately panicked.
“I know I asked for dessert, but these guys don’t taste that good. Even if you dip them in honey. I’m sort of full.”
She held it to her mouth, pursed her lips, and tossed it down. It fled behind the crab and all fifteen roaches looked up.
“What?”
Irurx felt like he had stopped breathing for a moment. Ceria eyed them.
“Bugs. Taste awful. Except for honey-ants. Ever had them? They have these abdomens made of sweet stuff.”
“I know them. But you—you eat bugs?”
Ceria smiled, glancing at Irurx.
“Yep.”
The cockroaches stared up at her in horror. She does—they swarmed off the table and back towards their jar.
Ceria looked at them. Then the jar sitting in the corner of the room. Then she thought about Shifthold, about that strange scream. And about the sails that were so familiar and not. Not hide. Not skin…but glossy. Like…
Chitin. Ah. And those figures. And—
She saw Irurx turn back to her and saw him smile. Uncertainly. Like he thought he was being pranked.
“You truly don’t seem bothered. Is it your circlet, or the nature of being an adventurer?”
“No. I just eat bugs. I did all the time, growing up.”
For some reason, Irurx began to get angry.
“In a village? Don’t be…”
Ceria sighed. She didn’t talk about it to anyone. Not really. She looked at Irurx.
“No. When I left. I didn’t know how to fend for myself, not properly. I stole things. I hunted and ate raw eggs and even tree bark—and bugs. I still eat them, now and then. I feel like I have to. I nearly starved to death.”
Bugs were not tasty, but…Irurx sat back. Then he blurted out what was burning on his lips.
“You consume insects? You are the only—I dine on them as well. Crabs are the acceptable food, socially, but I—this ship—I do the exact same.”
A huge smile reappeared on his lips. Ceria rested her chin on her hands.
“Now that’s interesting.”
What an odd connection. It had nothing to do with the circlet. When the masked figure came back in, edging through the door with a bundle of what turned out to be old, molded shortcake, Irurx instantly sent him back to fetch a small tin of actual honey-ants. The crabs and shortcake went into the recycling bins…
The jars of bugs. Which sat around the room. There was no fear of Irurx knocking one over and having an infestation. They were…not pets. Not tame, not exactly. But they had an understanding.
Ceria was realizing this as she saw the odd movement of the masked crewmember. The way its body was so odd. The name of this ship.
This was Shifthold. She began to suspect what she would see next. But for now…
“Butterfly trees. You know? They hang on branches, thousands of them.”
“You ate them? Truly?”
Ceria shook her head.
“Their wings taste awful. I think they’re poisonous. And their actual bodies? It’s not really a meal, even if you grab a hundred. I threw up for two days after I tried—so I used them as bait for fishes. Worked just fine.”
Irurx was smiling with delight, eyes lighting up. He was leaning forwards now, talking animatedly. Someone understands me. Someone…
