8.58 PFH
Page 31
She reached up to the blood-soaked sky. A hand reached down. Revine Zecrew clasped her hand.
“I believe you.”
The Siren of Savere floated downwards and came to rest on the Frostmarrow Behemoth’s head. Her imperious gaze swept those below, and Ceria saw the Bloodtear Captains look up in alarm. Revine turned to Ceria.
“Put your magic in mine.”
Ceria nodded. Her eyes turned upwards, and the Siren of Savere raised her hand.
“Siren!”
Ereiyne raised her wand, but hesitated. [Rogues] had taken to the rooftops and were aiming bows down at her. Revine Zecrew stared down at the [Pirates] and her lip curled.
“This is my city. This is my kingdom. I did not give your fleet permission to land. Nor do you have the right to touch my people. This Drowned Night is over.”
“You can’t cancel a Drowned Night!”
Ereiyne shouted up at her. The Siren of Savere ignored her. She lifted her hand upwards, fingers splayed wide against the backdrop of the sky. Sweat appeared on her brow.
Ceria’s circlet was shining. She was sweating too, cold drops that turned to ice on her brow. Her flesh-and-blood hand clasped the Siren’s.
Slowly, the [Mage-Captain] stared upwards. She slowly muttered as she backed away.
“Krakens fuck me. I hate [Hydromancers].”
Aldrail stared at her, and then his [Dangersense] began to prickle. He glanced over his shoulder for his ship; [Pirates] were looking at the Siren, around for danger. Then they looked at the right place.
Straight up. The blood-red skies were slowly dissipating. The crimson combined Skill of the Bloodtear Pirates faded. Turned…grey.
But not lifeless. The skies swirled darkly overhead, like a [Sailor]’s nightmare. Winter storms.
The temperature dropped. A staring Bleakbeak Raider peered up and saw something fall from the sky instead of the bloody water.
It looked like—
The first dart of sharpened water went through the Stitch-man’s eye. Then another fell.
A needle of ice. Just a sharpened tip of ice…falling as fast and as hard as rain. Hardly a deadly weapon.
But then another drop fell. And another. And—and then it was raining. Raining—but every drop was a falling shard of ice.
The skies opened up. Ceria gasped, collapsing, and the Siren swayed. But she had enough energy to raise her hand and create an umbrella of water that caught the shards.
Everyone was in disarray. [Pirates] ran towards their ships, shouting, trying to take cover. Garuda dove out of the sky. Even Savere’s few [Rogues] sheltered. The Siren pointed towards the docks and a wave rolled upwards. Six of the Bloodtear ships tore loose from their moorings and drifted towards the sea.
And the rain fell. A combined spell. A linked spell.
“We made this one a while ago. Rediscovered it. With it, we could fight an army.”
The Siren stared up at the deadly rain. Ceria frowned upwards.
“What is it called?”
Revine smiled sadly.
“[Rain of Frozen Tears].”
The Drowned Night ended. For the first time in Runsblud’s living memory, ended not because of blood and killing or the sun, but because of the rain. Revine stood with Ceria.
“I could take that circlet now.”
Ceria was panting, seeing her ice melt. Omusc sat up, yelped, and tried to go back under cover. Ceria looked at Revine.
“But you won’t.”
“Why wouldn’t I?”
Revine seemed half-insulted, half-amused. Ceria shook her head.
“Because everyone needs someone they can trust. The [Pirates] haven’t left yet. Besides—if I help you, and you help me, we both benefit. The Siren of Savere is too canny to steal my circlet.”
Revine snorted.
