8.58 PFH
Page 13
“Bloodtear? They are not…builders, but you may be confusing their reputation with the Bloodfeast Raiders of Izril. Imitators. Bloodtear would happily take a powerful base; they have at least one, and they do organize into fleets. Each ship has a powerful [Captain], but they will join together to raid important targets.”
“Oh, I see. I had no idea they could sustain…so many?”
Ceria smiled blandly. She looked at her food as the dish was lifted.
A giant crab. With butter, garnishings—but a huge crab, shell cracked for easy access to the meat. She glanced up. Irurx was watching her.
He was turning grey. But his hair, rather than having any original color, had dark streaks to it. Like soot. His skin was shiny across his neck and up to his cheeks. A terrible burn, never healed. His eyes were a mild reddish-green, mixed but not composite.
“I hope this is to your liking. We eat fresh catches, mostly. I was told you were not averse to meat…unlike those from home, sister. May I call you that? It has been a while since I conversed with someone who knows home.”
Home. The villages. Ceria poked her crab with a fork. It twitched. Was it alive?
No…no, it was properly cooked. But this was not a fork and knife meal. Irurx had the same food, and Ceria eyed her dish. It smelled good, even delicious. There was no poison in it…she glanced up.
“It is quite safe. I would prefer to be cordial.”
He hastened to assure her. Irurx’s eyes focused on Ceria’s face, and then flicked up. She looked at him, then shrugged.
“Fine by me. I love crab.”
She snapped off a leg and began removing the meat. She dipped it in some garlic butter, popped it into her mouth, and was chewing so fast that Irurx blinked.
“You have a commendable appetite.”
“I love seafood. We never got any in the villages.”
Irurx blinked. He looked at Ceria and relaxed slightly. His mask lay on the table next to him and the [Alchemist] raised his hands, somewhat painfully, and removed a leg himself.
He appeared quite ordinary to Ceria. A half-Elf, old, with burns, but he spoke in a fairly dignified accent. Oh—and one of his crew stood silently behind him, waiting for orders, a blank mask with two soulless sockets revealing nothing of what lay within. A grey, stained robe, draped over a body with no apparent shoulders.
Horrific. Imagine one of those standing behind you as you slept? Then you’d look up into that blank, iron mask, and the robe would come up—
Ceria was down three crab legs already. Each time she touched the crab, the pincher snapped. Some kind of automated reaction.
“The villages do not eat meat, by and large. I had almost forgotten. At least—mine did not. Did yours? How long has it been, sister? Apologies, Adventurer Springwalker? For me—it has been over eighty-one years.”
Ceria looked up.
“I think twenty-three for me.”
“So long, already? But you would be…pardon me asking…?”
The half-Elf sighed. Ceria frowned.
“I think I passed sixty-eight. I lost track at one point, but I’m nearing seventy.”
“Ah.”
“And you would be…?”
Irurx hesitated. He put down one leg, and made a gesture. The figure bent at the waist to listen.
“You have forgotten refreshments. And I believe Miss Springwalker would care for a second crab. Perhaps smaller?”
“I can do two. This is great crab.”
Again, the older half-Elf blinked, but smiled.
“Ironclaw Snappers. Fetch another.”
The masked figure moved past Ceria and she caught a whiff of something entirely…foreign? She slowed in eating.
“I apologize. I seldom have guests. Does their visage bother you? Their smell?”
Irurx watched her carefully. Ceria swallowed.
