8.58 PFH
Page 35
“Distant lands. Even Khelt’s hand weakens across the ocean, it is true. Yet you speak as if there is nothing that can be done. As if you must wait to live. This is Chandrar. I am Khelt. Tell me honestly, Erin Solstice. Would you like to aid your friends?”
Her eyes widened. Fetohep of Khelt smiled. Rather than speak immediately, though, Erin Solstice hesitated. She hesitated, and the [Witches] breathed out, the rulers nodded at what she said next.
“There will be a cost for it. There always is.”
He inclined his head slowly. His gaze fixed on her.
“Yes. The question is only if you have the will and means to pay it. Khelt’s coffers lie nigh infinite. So tell me, Erin Solstice. What do you will?”
 
——
 
“The [Monks] of Sottheim are entrenched within their monastery. Tens of thousands, perhaps. They’ve been cut off from the outside world, however. Ever since the King of Destruction announced his return. They have gardens—food stores—no trade. None have left their monastery; the army is too great, even for them.”
Empress Nsiia of Tiqr rode with her army a day after the battle where Ksmvr had learned his new Skills. He rode with her, feeling the eyes of the army on him.
A battered army, but triumphant. Ksmvr turned his head and saw Vasraf spit.
“Cowards. They boxed Sottheim in. Part of the reason Scaied never sent armies against us is that a bulk is here. Paid to keep them in.”
“If this is such a fearsome force, why do they not break free?”
Nsiia’s lips twisted.
“It is a killing field. They would have to run across bare ground under bombardment, then fight through Oisk Stingers—they have no [Mages], and their [Archers]…Sottheim could do it. But they must believe the cost is too great. They are patient. They wait for Flos Reimarch to free them. So I shall in his place, for I need them.”
Ksmvr nodded.
“Then you can defeat Scaied’s army?”
She hesitated.
“We will divert them. They are already moving to face us. Sottheim must charge, or we will be forced back.”
She was nervous. It was a gamble that based everything on the Monks of Sottheim being willing to help.
Loquea Dree flew after Ksmvr, and Leka Thri glided next to the riders. He spoke conversationally.
“Sottheim is strong. If they attack, Scaied flees. But they will still die.”
Ksmvr remained skeptical.
“What makes these [Monks] so powerful? And are you sure they will be able to fight? If they have been besieged for months, no, nearing a year, they may all be dead of starvation.”
If even Loquea Dree thought they were impressive, it must be so. Ksmvr saw Nsiia grin.
“Sottheim will not be dead. There lies a force that can march twenty miles on a single cup of water. Each [Monk] can match a [Soldier] with their fists—though, when we arm them, they will be a force to be feared! They cannot take Scaied easily—because their armor and weapons are more rust than metal.”
“That seems like a foolish mistake. Did they not maintain their weapons and keep an enchanted armory?”
For some reason, even Leka Thri laughed with the others.
“You will see the [Monks] have a strength that comes from their lack, Ksmvr. We must defeat Scaied. The army is still healing, but—”
Nsiia clenched her jaw.
It had to be done. To take back her kingdom, to take back her home—her greatest battle yet lay ahead. Nsiia placed the faith they would win in Loquea Dree. In Ksmvr’s new Skills. In her army.
They were cresting a hill, and Vasraf raised a hand.
“We are entering the range of their artillery. Ranged magic. Not as deadly as the House of Minos, but…we must assail them in the pass. Charge forwards.”
