8.58 PFH
Page 12
Salii smiled slightly.
“I have ideas. Ideas from the Walled Cities and how they fight. We have gold, Orjin, and experts. More high-level fighters in one place than most nations can field in their armies. And we have one most secret weapon.”
He raised his brows. Salii waved.
“Raúl? Come over. I’ve been talking with him—I think it’s finally time for you to tell Orjin everything.”
Her eyes glinted. Orjin saw the young man with the interesting fighting tricks look up. His small group was often following Salii around. And it seemed she had found something interesting.
“You might even want to call the other masters over. Salthorn, Xil—they’ll all want to hear this. They were being coy, but once the war started I lost patience and got it out of them.”
The Drake woman said conversationally. Orjin raised his brows.
“How can they help us?”
Salii smiled tightly.
“With knowledge. Most of what they have is impossible to replicate without industry, and even then…I could rule Pallass. I could revolutionize Salazsar.”
She laughed lightly.
“—But that’s too easy. If we win this war, we’ll win every single one afterwards. Let’s talk, Orjin. They will be coming.”
She smiled, looking towards the horizon. Orjin nodded. He went, listened to Raúl, rubbed at his ears—and was still somewhat shocked when he kicked a [Mage] thirty feet and routed the [Linebreaker] army.
No less than Salthorn herself took down the head of the attack, which turned out to be the [Garrison General] herself. Salii rubbed her claws together at the ransom, and Orjin walked back over to keep asking Raúl questions. The young man stared at the angry Nerrhavia’s Fallen [General] and Orjin knew.
They were coming.
 
——
 
Ceria Springwalker sat and listened to rain pounding the roof overhead. A blood storm was coming in. So were the Bloodtear Pirates.
“It may be the end of Savere—at least, the Siren’s long reign. I cannot imagine why now of all times, but Bloodtear may decide to take the capital.”
“Why? They don’t strike me as, uh…ruling types.”
Ceria politely eyed the platter as it was placed in front of her. She sat in the quite sumptuous cabin, and felt it was distinctly not like the rest of Shifthold.
The sides of the ship looked like half-eaten bark. As if it had grown the crusted, barnacle-ladened wood that smelled of rot and fungus—yet Ceria was sure—as tough as could be.
The decks were no better, and the sails were not cloth. Nor hide nor skin—in case that’s what you suspected.
It was something else. Some odd, shiny material, although it was furled up at the moment. A dark sheen. She was piecing together the clues, but it was all still a mystery.
The crew of Shifthold were, like their master, Alchemist Irurx, garbed in dark cloth from head-to-toe. But while his clothing was faded grandeur, expensive, enchanted robes worn dark from alchemical stains that had eaten at the magic cloth itself, their coverings were dark, stained, and only functional.
They were definitely not all humanoid, let alone Human. Some were too tall. Too oddly shaped. They had masks, like Irurx, and said nothing.
One had placed the platter in front of Ceria and served the half-Elf sitting next to her the same. He had taken off his mask. Irurx smiled politely as he replied. He had burn scars all over his face.
