8.58 PFH
Page 9
Long-range archery Skill. No nuance to it. Just distance, not flicker-shot, not teleporting arrows that curved or exploded in midair or ricocheted.
You’d think they’d learn. But then—it was a fast arrow, a small thing, and if you were distracted, maybe it would touch you and turn you to ash.
Orjin wasn’t distracted. Nor were the other figures sitting or standing on the canyon’s walls.
Guards. Not in class, but it was necessary. Mostly to prevent infiltrators scaling and launching attacks.
“Strongest!”
A cry from below. Orjin shifted. He hopped off the canyon’s plateau and ran down the vertical cliff.
Ran? Hopped, from one foothold to another, but so fast it seemed like he was running vertically, then arresting his movement and transferring it smoothly into a step that carried him horizontally, as if it were as simple to go up and down in the world as it was right to left.
“Salii.”
It was always Salii. Except…when it wasn’t. Orjin blinked. He’d assumed it was, but this was another Drake. Holding a clipboard.
“It’s Henss, Strongest. Salii’s [Assistant]?”
“Ah.”
The new Drake was not used to Orjin. He hesitated, his tail shifting in the dust.
“I’m, um—one of Tiqr’s former people. A [Wildfriend]? Low-level. I came from Oteslia with the [Druids] in their last expedition.”
“I see.”
Orjin’s face never moved. They could do this all day—but then he remembered.
He had begun this, so he couldn’t waste time. He stared at the sky.
“What did Salii send you for?”
The Drake consulted his notes, speaking rapidly and clearly.
“She wants to tell you another army’s coming in. Nerrhavia’s Fallen is attacking. The eastern entrance—or at least, that’s where they’re coming from. [Mages]. Lots of [Archers]. But this time they’ve brought a proper guard. She thinks they’re [Lineholders]. Hemp-caste; armed with tower shields and spears. They might be veterans, in which case they’re [Trampleguard Lineholders] who fought Grand Elephants.”
“I understand.”
Last time, Nerrhavia’s Fallen had brought lots of [Archers] to force Pomle to attack, but not taken enough warriors to guard them. Pomle had attacked. It had been fairly one-sided.
Most of the [Martial Artists] and [Warriors] were close-combat experts. Some, like Orjin, had long-range attacks like [Aeriform Punch], but they couldn’t win a long-range battle. They were aware of this weakness, so they would charge the enemy.
It had worked so far, but Nerrhavia’s Fallen wouldn’t relent. Henss went on.
“Salii says that the new [Archers] might be ready by then, but she is requesting three experts in arrow catching or blocking techniques. She wondered who that might be.”
Orjin scratched at his head.
“Try…Yesq.”
“Yesq?”
“The Garuda with the bright red plumage. He will know other experts.”
“I will do that, thank you, Strongest! Oh—”
Orjin stopped Henss. He handed over the arrow, and the Drake took it gingerly.
“What’s…this?”
“Give it to Yesq. Ammunition.”
And, like that, another arrow was added to Pomle’s stocks. Yesq was a [Master Skyarcher], so he would know experts in arrow-catching. He would also put that arrow to good use. Frankly, a quarter of Pomle’s ammunition was reclaimed arrows from those that were shot at them—or taken from the defeated [Archers].
However, the other three-quarters? The potions? And, indeed, the [Archers] in training? Orjin saw them practicing under the eye of a [Weapon Expert]. He saw refugees from Tiqr, and even one of the freed [Slaves].
