8.58 PFH
Page 19
Possessing abilities beyond the normal species. The ability to…transform. Remake themselves completely. After all—had not one kind nearly overthrown the Blighted Kingdom and taken Izril?
The door opened, and the belowdecks scuttled. The crew, unmasked, ungarbed, looked up. Something clicked in the darkness.
A bulging sac twitched. They hung from hooks. They writhed in containment fields. They grew, eating A’ctelios’ flesh. They changed. Some of them had been people. Some were waiting, and flinched away from the [Alchemist]’s return.
Shifthold.
Ceria Springwalker stood in the light of the moonlit sky. Red light, seeping into the hold. There was light here, but it came from no magic. Nor flame. It made everything look worse than…no. It wasn’t really possible to make it worse, was it?
Irurx stood behind her. Alchemist Irurx. The Alchemist of Change. The monster exiled from half-Elven lands.
[Heretical Swarmlord Alchemist]. He lifted the moving, shaking bottle and watched her face. Hoping. Searching for…
Understanding? No. Acceptance? No. What he so dearly wanted, what he had idly wondered and now which had a hold over his heart was…
Appreciation. Do you see it? You are free from morality. Do you see…?
But he also wanted her to recoil. To gasp. To show him, like every single person who had stood here, her frailty in front of his creations.
No one had ever stood and beheld Shifthold without flinching. Even Irurx. Not half-Elves, not even Bloodtear’s [Pirates] or famed [Marauders] and [Murderers]. Even Roshal’s [Slavers] had cried out and fled.
He was smiling. Even now, if he sat down, in that moment, Irurx wouldn’t have been sure if he wanted her to scream and try to flee—or embrace it.
He waited a moment, watching her face. Waiting…waiting…
A second rolled by. A flash of lightning illuminated the below-decks. The things began to move. One of the cocoons twitched harder. The prisoners stared at Ceria, tubing attached to their veins. Outside, Runsblud howled with violence.
Ceria Springwalker stood there. Looking around. Irurx’s huge smile…wavered. She looked into each shadow. She stared at the things crawling across the ground. She stared into the cocoons and realized what they had been. She looked into the eyes of the prisoners, and the experiments.
She looked back at Irurx and saw what lay behind the masks of his crew…changed, bound to him in loyalty and madness.
Her face never changed. The [Alchemist] stared at her, unsettled. Ceria looked back into the depths of Shifthold.
“Huh. It’s about what I expected.”
“What?”
The [Alchemist] stumbled as if she had struck him. Ceria Springwalker looked around again.
“Yep. Ew.”
That was her reaction. No horror. No outrage. No fascination nor understanding. The half-Elf wrinkled her nose faintly.
Ew.
Irurx hesitated. The bottle was in his hands, but Ceria pivoted and he realized—she’d cast [Ice Armor]. Her lips, her real lips, moved within the faint sheen of colored ice.
“What were you expecting, Alchemist Irurx? For me to be horrified? If I didn’t have my circlet—you’d probably get your wish. Are we doing this?”
He stared at her. Then the worst exploded out of him.
“How do you not see anything? What you expected? This is my life’s work! This is such that even A’ctelios’ own creations flinched away from it! See what I make!”
She looked over her shoulder.
“I see it.”
“Can’t you see the beauty in it? You? You—doesn’t that Relic free you? Free you from misconceptions and the banality of people?”
