8.58 PFH
Page 8
“They are apparently still hunting a white Gnoll, to the best of my knowledge.”
He reassured her. She exhaled, slowly.
“Good. Good. I…I just need to…”
She looked around, distraught, then smiled at Fetohep, catching herself.
“As long as the Horns of Hammerad are okay. That’s—that’s all I can ask for. They went to the Village of the Dead and got out. They’re crazy like that. They did it for me, I’m sure. As long as they survive—where are they?”
Her expression was pleading and hurt and…Fetohep of Khelt stood there. Because what he would tell her…he hesitated. But then he saw Queen Khelta herself walk out of the void in the air and stand next to them.
“Tell her, Fetohep. She knows Cawe’s story. Tell her their trials and triumphs.”
Erin nodded, sitting eagerly. Fetohep glanced at her, and then Khelta. She looked at him, and he saw a flush in Erin’s cheeks, the way she sat up, brushed at her hair, clenched her fists, and muttered about pans for all of Roshal—and not as gifts.
Before, she had been static. She rested on the balcony, she moved—but like a ghost. Defying gravity, rotating without laws of physics. As if she was forgetting…he saw her chest rising and falling. She had begun to forget to pretend to breathe, begun to fade.
So he nodded and told her stories of her friends. Khelta smiled, but he watched her lips move.
Tell her.
And…
Hurry.
 
——
 
Nothing lasted forever. There was some humor in it.
Consider that if you spent your entire life in the pursuit of strength, it would one day wither away. Age. They had sayings about age, and they were all true. Age laid low mountains and [Kings].
Age would take away the muscle you prized so highly. In the same way—what was muscle? Stitch-folk looked at it differently than Humans. You wanted biceps the size of your head? You could do that. Just hand me a wad of cotton.
Naturally, that was a bit of an exaggeration. Muscle cloth fibers were actually important to get right, let alone use correctly. However—it was true that pure physicality came as easily to them as getting your hair done.
That was why they valued skill, knowledge here. That was valuable. That was what they could strive for.
But the [Martial Artists] of Pomle had known, had always known, that it too was finite. Techniques would be lost when masters died. Some would come and go. Pomle was small and young, and it had been a strange confluence when it had been created. [Martial Artists] had gathered around an oasis, refused to pay taxes or disperse when someone claimed the unused watering hole was ‘theirs’. They had fought.
That was all there was to it. The fighting had been legendary, but it was so simple. Some people had expected a kingdom to arise from the bones of that place. They were fools because they didn’t understand why it had all taken place.
Simple reasons. A simple battle.
Those days had come again. Orjin, the Strongest of Pomle, stood on one of the cliffs surrounding Pomle. A powerful shield against weather.
Less against armies. Two passes allowed travellers in and out of the simple oasis and training grounds. Of course, now much of the land around this canyon was also technically Pomle’s.
If it had contained anything valuable, that might have been a problem, because Pomle was at war.
With no less than Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Orjin sighed. He shifted from one leg to another. In doing so, he side-stepped the arrow. He pivoted, caught it. The glowing tip sparked, but didn’t detonate.
