8.58 PFH
Page 37
It was simple. He stared up, and something smacked him in the face. Pisces recoiled—caught it, and stared at it.
“Bread.”
“Mana.”
Izreal corrected him. He reached up and caught more of the strange bread. Pisces just stared at him. The [Pilgrim of Faith] smiled.
“Look.”
Someone else was filling water from a stone. It bled water. Pisces rubbed at his eyes. The [Slaves] and [Bandits] watched.
Eloque’s eyes were wide, disbelieving. Merr was slapping her cheek—but it didn’t change what they saw.
“Behold his miracles! You may doubt. You may question. But what you see is the truth! Come with us and find salvation. You shall not thirst nor hunger, even in the Great Desert. Monsters shall not touch you, if you truly believe.”
Izreal stood and preached to them. Preached, as more miracles shone. The others, the People of Zeikhal, clasped their hands together.
He had seen it before. But not like this. This…Izreal had accepted nothing more than a bit of the gold, some artifacts—little provisions from the looted Glass Bazaar. He wanted little of it.
What he desired was something else, and he had it here. The freed [Slaves] looked at him as he walked among them.
“Not even Roshal shall find you there. We serve a master beyond any other. Beyond the King of Destruction. Beyond mere [Kings] and [Queens]. Come with us, and be free. All wounds shall be healed there.”
He rested a hand on Eloque’s shoulder. She jerked away, but Izreal’s words struck their mark time and time again.
Even to Pisces. He could not fathom what he saw, not truly. His ears rang and his mind…he felt sick and dizzy.
“It will pass. You will understand the truth if you accept it, believe. There is a book. A sacred text. Soon, there will be more. This is the beginning of true glory. Will you not come with us, Pisces Jealnet?”
Marrieh looked at him. Pisces half-shook his head.
“I must find my team. My friends. I have promised to lead these people…elsewhere.”
“Is it safer than where we are going?”
“The Great Desert? No. I don’t think so.”
Pisces smiled, but he couldn’t be condescending. Bread was still falling from the skies, and water from nothing? It was real food. Not even a cornucopia artifact…Marrieh smiled at him.
“You doubt. I will pray that you reconsider. Look up—is there anything you can claim is greater than this? Any magic? Any Skill? This is the work of our Lord. This is…”
She hesitated. Frowned. Pisces had seen it too. Merr broke off her enraptured staring and snapped.
“Incoming!”
The [Slaves] ran backwards, shouting in alarm. The People of Zeikhal turned, surprised. Pisces recoiled—then stared upwards.
“What? Wh—”
He dove, leaping sideways, and the first gilded chest smacked into the ground in front of him. Another popped out of the air, and Marrieh ran as it went whumph into the sand and dirt.
Three more popped out of the air and hit the ground around Pisces. He picked himself up and stared upwards. No more attack-boxes emerged from the sky.
“That was—what was that? That was no Skill. Not even the [Prophet]…”
Marrieh was staring nervously at the chests. They were all rich, properly gilded boxes of sculpted, polished wood. Pisces stood up.
“That was no Skill. That was a teleportation spell. But what…?”
“Pisces! Get back! They could be attack Mimics! Or about to explode!”
Merr hollered at him. Pisces hesitated. He was of the same mind, but he thought he knew what they were.
But how? He had one idea. Yet this didn’t seem like Az’kerash’s style. He was about to retreat and have Ivery open a box when he saw something fluttering on top of the first one.
