8.58 PFH
Page 18
“I confess. I had—untoward plans—once I heard of your Relic, Ceria Springwalker. But I also had hope. Hope, when I heard what it might do. Now? I think it might be providence. I would like to…show you something.”
And here his face clouded, grew reserved. He wasn’t quite sure. But he wanted to be.
“I would like to show you Shifthold in its entirety. It is a privilege few earn, though many witness it. I would like to see what you make of it.”
Her reaction would decide everything. The young half-Elf woman wiped her mouth on her arm. She stood casually, and nodded.
“I thought it would come to this. Lead on.”
Slowly, Irurx opened the door, conjuring a shield to protect them from the red rain. There was fighting everywhere in Runsblud. Screaming, violence…Ceria Springwalker glanced at it, calmly as could be.
Not idly; she was watchful for danger. Yet she had looked at him and Shifthold and even the roaches with the same lack of fear or hatred or revulsion. Irurx licked his lips. Yet that was one thing.
Shifthold’s truth another. He pointed towards the dark stairwell and door that led to the deep decks below. The crew stirred. The ones keeping watch drifted after Irurx, but he motioned them back as Ceria walked ahead of him towards the stairs. He put a hand in his robes and clutched at a bottle. He did not wish to be…discourteous to a guest.
But she wore a Relic. But he wanted her to understand. Perhaps? Maybe? Someone in this wide world, who understood—let alone one of his kind? He realized he was trembling with nerves.
 
——
 
Ceria Springwalker had been on worse dates. She was surprised, really. Irurx was…
Oddly desperate. Perhaps it was because he hadn’t expected her to eat bugs. Perhaps he just didn’t get out much. Then again, if he was prepared to waste her with that bottle if he didn’t like what she did—she doubted many romantic interests got much further.
Shifthold was one of the places.
One of the places.
Like A’ctelios Salash.
Like the depths of Liscor’s dungeon.
Like the City of the Dead.
A place where normal was dead. Not just magical. Not just strange. Strange was Erin’s inn.
This was the kind of place that some people might call…wrong.
Somewhere where laws were being broken.
Where someone had done…something.
Or something had happened.
The kind of thing that led a nation to burn every [Alchemist] alive. Then—one of the survivors had gone home. Been rejected by his people. Fled every nation and law and…
Fallen deeper.
Shifthold. A ship that was tolerated in some ports because of what it sold. Potions to make you stronger. Potions to give you temporary Skills. Expertise you did not own. And, in his way, Alchemist Irurx had become an expert in other substances and creations. Thus he had named his ship, which seemed to constrict and move as Ceria walked down the stairs.
There was a second door there. Unlocked. It was the only thing truly made of metal on this ship; there were nails and bracings, but this was the only metal thing. A foreign object. The rest of Shifthold…the ship…it was in the name.
Change. But not that of A’ctelios Salash. Oh, no. That was just the foundation. Shifthold bought the meat from there. It bought [Slaves] and took prisoners. It conducted dark experiments, but it was no copycat. The foundation for Irurx’s work? He had studied the most adaptive creatures he could. Plagues that even his folk could not easily remove from their sanctuaries.
