8.58 PFH
Page 16
“Isn’t it? I am astonished. But it is everything…I hoped for.”
He looked at Ceria, hungrily, in a way that had nothing to do with food. She glanced at him, but he lifted a hand.
A ship sailed past the window, into port. Ceria heard a roar as the crew leapt from the railings and joined the fighting. Both half-Elves turned to watch it.
“Are you worried? The Drowned Night doesn’t safeguard people on ships.”
Irurx glanced at Ceria. He smiled. She heard voices pounding up the dock towards this ship. Then…an exclamation.
“Bleeding Shifthold! Back up! Back—”
Something screamed on the decks, right outside the cabin. Ceria whirled, finger raised, but whatever it was leapt off the ship and onto the docks. She knew that because there was shouting—fighting—a shriek, again, not like any animal she had ever heard—
“Keep away from that damned ship! Move into the streets! We’re not after another Vessel tonight!”
Ceria blinked. The screaming died with a wet sound. Someone—the Bloodtear’s [Captain]?—had ended it.
Irurx sighed.
“That would be one of my crew. A shame. I lost two in the storm and pursuit. [Bounty Hunters]. But as you can see, few would dare to do battle with me here. It is a costly endeavor.”
He lifted his cup and drank. Ceria nodded. Irurx lowered the glass, and his eyes sparked as he glanced up.
“Which begs the question—why did you acquiesce so easily? Adventurer or not—knowledge of me or not—I am sure the Siren warned you. Do you fear for your life?”
The ship groaned and rustled around them. Ceria glanced up and saw the masked crewmember looking at her. Irurx waited for her to shiver or for bravado or…
Ceria just took another sip of her wine and stared at the crab, as if wondering if she could fit another two legs into her stomach. The answer was always ‘yes’.
“Fear. I’m a bit nervous. But I don’t think you want to kill me. If you did—I was dead the moment I opened the door. You’d have gutted me, taken the circlet, and been sailing out of Savere before the Siren even knew. You’re cautious because you don’t know what it does.”
Ceria glanced up at Irurx as she snapped another leg and went for the orange sauce next. She took a bite—pushed the dish away.
“What is that?”
“Orange-flavored sauce of some kind. Sweet and spicy.”
“Not for me. Eugh.”
Irurx saw Ceria glance up. She smiled and went on.
“The reason you didn’t kill me, Alchemist Irurx, is that you want something. Everyone does. Maybe it’s the circlet. Maybe it’s to talk and then kill me. But I think…you’re curious. You want something. So I’m in danger. But I also think you’re not leaning towards killing me yet.”
He was fascinated. The half-Elf [Alchemist] sat there, eyes flickering over her face.
“Does your circlet grant you the power to read minds, or intuit such things? Or do you have a Skill, Adventurer Ceria?”
She laughed and poured herself another cup.
“No. I just know when someone’s getting ready to murder me. We’re not there yet. Is there dessert, by any chance?”
She lifted her cup in a silent toast. Irurx began chuckling. The crewmember watched them both. Yes, oh yes.
He was exceedingly curious. He leaned to the side, whispering urgently.
“Yes. Fetch me any if we looted any. Gelato…something from the hold. Sweet. Not the rations. Sweet and in a container. Understand? Show it to me, first.”
Ceria watched the odd interaction with the crewmember, who walked past her. Then, as it opened the door, the wind and rain blew inwards a bit and the remains of their crab-dinner blew slightly. Ceria heard something rattle, then a lid hit the floor.
