8.58 PFH
Page 21
Probably. She could certainly attempt to flip it; the [Alchemist] Irurx was not known to be a [Captain], and his ‘crew’ were probably lower-level, if dangerous in other ways.
Then again, she didn’t think it would kill all of them, and she didn’t want that in Runsblud’s bays.
There was blood enough already.
The Bleakbeak Raiders were getting slaughtered. It wasn’t one-sided, but it was going Bloodtear’s way. With a storm at their backs and wind and rain pelting everything, the Garuda were grounded, and the [Pirates] were fighting on their terrain, despite being on land.
Blood and death. Where was Ceria? What had possessed her to be so foolish?
Irurx got to her. If I hadn’t realized what he was planning—
He was a high-level [Alchemist]. Probably—definitely over Level 50. For all she had that circlet, Ceria was twenty levels below him, at least.
She might be dead. Or wishing she were dead. Revine was debating going down there. However—
She was afraid she couldn’t waste any magic. Not with Bloodtear moving through the port. Revine didn’t know for sure, but she had her emergency bag of holding ready, and a skiff was loaded in the secret docks. She was ready to flee Savere. She would not go down with this ship, but nor would she give it up easily.
Damn them. Damn these people getting in the way of her plans. It was Nsiia all over again. That arrogant empress, checking Savere, making costly war—but for her, the Siren would rule an area twice Savere’s current size, and then she wouldn’t need to fear strong groups forcing her hand.
If only she had…the Siren’s concentration lapsed. Then she saw a figure backing onto the decks. Revine focused downwards. Was that—
Ceria! The Alchemist, Irurx, was slowly backing away. And Ceria’s circlet was shining like…Revine’s mouth went dry.
 
——
 
There was a rule most people followed regarding artifacts. When it started shining, making sounds, or screaming at you, back away.
Alchemist Irurx had read the Adventurer’s Handbook too, clearly. His eyes were locked on the circlet, and his bottle of whatever-it-was was raised defensively now.
“I really don’t want to fight. Let’s agree to go our ways, okay?”
The half-Elf stood with Ceria amidst the rain. His crew was gathered around her, but Ceria Springwalker was cool.
“Truly. You’d just walk away?”
“Why not? You’re not my enemy. I might need to even buy potions from you—but I’ll talk and conduct business off this ship.”
The [Cryomancer] smiled. She was so casual. Irurx’s jaw was clenched in frustration. But he didn’t quite dare get closer.
Not without knowing what the circlet did.
Uncertainty. No…
“Entanglement.”
He jumped at the word. Ceria looked around.
“You don’t know what it does. No one does. Not even me. If there’s even a chance—”
You didn’t get to three hundred and twelve years old by taking those chances. Ceria Springwalker bowed, politely, to the alchemist.
“It’s been fun. Aside from the last part. Let’s agree to leave it here.”
She turned and began walking towards the docks, half-waiting. A spell burned on her lips, but none of the crew moved.
“Wait. Answer me one last thing.”
Irurx called out. He was staring at her. Mystified. Angry—but not mad with it. He pointed at Ceria as the bottle disappeared into his robes.
“Yes?”
She turned. The rain was just wet; not bloody at all. It had a faintly iron smell, but that wasn’t blood. It was still water. Irurx licked his lips.
“You…why did you leave your village?”
