8.58 PFH
Page 10
He had freed them. Started a war with Nerrhavia’s Fallen by offending a [Prince] or…someone. Orjin didn’t remember. Now, all of Pomle was under threat of attack by the greatest nation in all of Chandrar.
“Are you angry?”
A Garuda was napping by where Orjin had been talking with Henss. He opened one eye.
“Hm?”
Xil, the [Peerless Spearmaster], sat up. Orjin looked at him.
“I have begun a war. [Martial Artists] will die. Salii is buying every bit of ammunition, weapons she can. Potions too.”
There were more [Merchants] and [Traders] than ever in Pomle. Orjin had never seen so many. It seemed counterintuitive, but they came because the [Secretary] was offering fistfuls of gold for whatever they would sell.
None had [Slaves]. Word got around that taking them into Pomle was as good as freeing them. So some of the most wealthy kept away. Yet more and more came.
Why? Why was Pomle so rich? Not just the fight club—Orjin watched as a line of not-slaves were being shuffled into position. They cursed—well, the Silk ones did. The rank-and-file just seemed grateful to not be dead.
Defeated prisoners. Pomle kept taking them and ransoming them back to Nerrhavia’s Fallen via the [Traders]. Orjin wasn’t sure how Salii had managed it, but she was funding them via Pomle’s victories. All they had to do was keep winning.
But more armies would come. More and more—until you break their backs and make this war too costly, they will attack, Orjin.
[Martial Artists] were already dying. At first, they’d let anyone join the fighting. Now? They had to be of the right level, and those who were weaker fought on the sides while Xil, Orjin, and the other masters attracted the worst of it. Yet—
“Herish is dead. He didn’t survive the poison arrows.”
“I barely recall him. What was his specialty?”
“Throws.”
“Ah.”
Xil sat back. His face didn’t change. Are you angry? He had waited for a challenge, and a few had come, but not from Xil or the others. At length, the Garuda picked up something.
“Wine?”
Orjin eyed it. The Garuda drank greedily.
“Ah. Wine. I have lived here for…it must be over a decade, and wine was something I’d have once a year. Now? I can walk over, and Salii can buy me some. Wine for gold for hitting fools with a spear. Death, too. How many have died so far?”
“…Twenty-three.”
Twenty-three, in six successive clashes. An incredibly low number?
Incredibly high, considering Pomle’s population. Xil nodded.
“So more armies will come. So now they’re bringing better fighters. We might lose more. I fought as a [Mercenary] for Nerrhavia’s Fallen. They have hordes—but they will send a final army to crush Pomle the longer we resist. You know that.”
“I do.”
Orjin stared ahead, arms folded. Xil grinned.
“The odds are we’ll die. A hundred to one. Two hundred. They’ll bring magic and proper [Generals] and chariots and enchanted weapons.”
“Yes.”
Already some [Martial Artists] had left, said their farewells. They did not want to die, nor had they come here for war or true violence. Most had stayed. Xil stared ahead.
“Good.”
“Good?”
The [Spearmaster] smiled.
“We will level or die. That is also martial arts. Orjin—you may have started it over your principles, but do you think most disagreed? We have trained all our lives in the shadow of those that started Pomle. Trained because skill is not killing. But don’t you think we wonder how we would do? And Salii is making warriors of the people here. I’m not angry. I only feel…”
Slowly, he rose, an old Garuda with part of his beak broken, more scars under his feathers than he could count. He lifted something.
