8.58 PFH
Page 15
“That’s more magic than my village had, for certain.”
“Yes. They were a gifted village.”
“Which one…?”
Irurx hesitated.
“Therwardn.”
Ceria knew most of the half-Elven villages in the region of Terandria; they knew each other. She hesitated.
“I don’t know…”
“It does not exist any longer.”
“Oh.”
And there they went again. Irurx’s face darkened.
“I did not end it. So we are clear. They…chose to disperse. After they renounced me.”
“Oh. Because of what you did?”
“Yes. After the Grand Endeavor—A’ctelios Salash’s experiments. I returned there to heal and they cast me out. You…do you know much of my history?”
A hand rose to touch his burned face. Ceria slowly swallowed her bite of crab.
“Not at all.”
It seemed to surprise him. He glanced quickly up at her.
“Really. The Siren did not…mention me?”
“She’s been busy with the Bloodtear Pirates. I’ve heard Shifthold is a famous ship, one of the Vessels…but I didn’t look it up.”
“Or me.”
“Nope.”
The half-Elf man looked nonplussed. Ceria reached for the second crab, then noticed the wine bottle.
“Tree rot, is this a genuine vintage from the villages?”
He bestirred himself and smiled.
“None other. You cannot find finer.”
“No, you can’t! Can we—are we—doing this?”
Ceria hesitated, examining the corked bottle of half-Elven wine, which came from perfect vineyards. Irurx gestured.
“I would be delighted to share it with someone else who knows home. In truth—I had wondered how this conversation would go. I am delighted it is so…refreshing?”
Ceria poured herself a cup of wine, took a sip, and smiled.
“It’s nice to talk with someone who’s from home. I’ve met other half-Elves—but I can’t, um, talk with someone who left on purpose. Falene always made it sound like she left to save the world and become an adventurer. She’s a Gold-rank. I met another half-Elf who had lived for four generations in a Human village. We helped her out with a Golem problem.”
Irurx leaned forwards.
“Really. Four generations? As what? A minder?”
“Nope. [Headwoman]. She was married and kept marrying every few decades, I think. She had…children.”
That shocked Irurx as much as it did Ceria.
“I can’t imagine that. The heartbreak. The same village?”
“She gave me a scrying mirror. Here…”
She fished it out and passed the tiny mirror across the table. Irurx reached for it and stared at the inlays around the small mirror.
“This is from the villages.”
Ceria hesitated. She eyed the simple silver decoration; it was so worn she couldn’t make out any reliefs.
“Are you sure?”
He nodded.
“It is. I cannot imagine it was made anywhere else. Not because of the reliefs, you understand. I am no [Jeweler]; I cannot tell what this is supposed to be.”
He indicated the rounded bevels and faint markings that were just a rough oval around the glass. Ceria nodded. Irurx went on.
“I can tell it is pure silver, though. Most [Jewelers] don’t make items out of pure silver; they’ll add an alloy. But half-Elves don’t bother as the few who would mine it would cast out of silver alone. There was also a tradition to keep a bit of silver on oneself…”
“Really. I don’t remember that. The woman—Disabella, I think her name was?—she said that it was a gift from a suitor. I feel bad, now.”
Irurx passed the scrying mirror back.
“It’s an old tradition, and you know what that means among us. Perhaps it was a gift. From a suitor. From home. If so, perhaps you did a kindness, taking it from her. It may be a memory she no longer wished to keep.”
Thoughtfully, Ceria put the mirror away. She took another sip of wine and looked at Irurx.
“This is an enjoyable conversation.”
