8.58 PFH
Page 25
She tangled, disengaged with a shove. Run. Omusc was no hero. Run! The Bloodtear Pirates were not screaming. They advanced with fighting ranks, engaging, switching out. Contrary to their image, they fought disciplined—but took no prisoners.
They were singing. The song was half-chant, half-Skill.
 
“We sailed under flags of no quarter. We took no prisoners.”
“A storm at our backs. Blood in the water, blood in the sky.”
 
Two chants, a terrifying song because of how calm it was. Even cheery.
 
“The bodies filled the decks. We fought until we died.”
“No mercy, no regrets, aye.”
 
Terrifying. The Bleakbeaks were experienced killers and marauders. But they were still raiders. They flew off if they thought they’d die.
Bloodtear killed or were killed. All or nothing. Idiots.
Where was Ceria? No—she wasn’t here. If she was, she was dead. Omusc was dead. She should have hid and risked the Siren’s wrath.
“Open! Open in the name of Savere and the Siren! Let me in!”
She pounded on a door, but no one answered. Of course not. Not on a Drowned Night.
Omusc kept running. A squad of [Pirates] was after her, and the Bleakbeaks and their friends had realized she wasn’t one of them. She stumbled down a street, locked blades, and someone planted an arrow in her back.
They seemed very surprised as Omusc kept running. Her ‘flesh’ rippled and ejected the barbed arrow, but she still bled.
“Bastards!”
She was running out of energy. Omusc wanted to lie down. But if she did…
Not yet. I have to survive. I have to take care of—
She stumbled upwards and ran. They were singing. The Drowned Woman heard a strange sound ahead of her and frowned upwards. Her mouth opened.
Omusc heard a familiar voice. Someone was searching for her. But…in the rain, in Runsblud, a port, how could she hope to find Omusc? It was a stupid idea, even if you were willing to risk your life.
You’d have to be an idiot to try it.
An intelligent idiot was doing just that. And Omusc saw her. Half of Runsblud saw her.
“Omusc! Omusc! Where are you?”
Ceria Springwalker stood on a pillar of ice, firing [Ice Spikes] down into the melee and crouching behind walls of ice. She was higher than anything else; she’d conjured a massive tower out of the water and was taking fire—mainly from the Bleakbeaks.
Some even tried to fly up, recognizing her or seeing the circlet. [Rogues] and [Thieves] saw Ceria and realized she had the circlet. They tried to climb the tower, and their gloves slid off the water-slicked ice. Garuda flew up and [Archers] took aim.
One nailed her in the head with an arrow.
Ceria staggered, and Omusc cried out. But she just shook her head, and the [Ice Armor] refroze. She pointed down, and an [Ice Spike] struck someone in the face.
“Ceria!”
The Drowned Woman ran, waving her arms, shouting upwards. Ceria didn’t see her at first. She dove, and a wall of ice shot outwards from the tower to block a [Fireball]. She picked herself up.
“Damn—”
Her return was an [Ice Lance] that splintered, sending deadly shrapnel everywhere. Then she spotted Omusc and her smile was relieved.
“There you are!”
Ceria leapt down, and the ice tower collapsed. She slowed before she hit the ground. [Featherfall].
Omusc shouted.
“What are you doing? Are you stupid?”
“Let’s get out of here!”
Ceria pointed but then ducked; another arrow flashed past her, and Omusc screamed. A second arrow—this one burning.
This one she couldn’t just remove. She collapsed, grabbing at it. Ceria bent down—then looked up. She raised her finger. The [Pirate] bared her teeth in a wary grin. She had aimed for Omusc.
