8.58 PFH
Page 11
Not his walking stick. Not the simple wooden sticks he made his [Students] train with. An enchanted spear. His eyes gleamed.
“I feel like I might begin levelling again. I, who have defeated over a dozen [Spearmasters]. Peerless. Static. Without challenge except to kill people far lower-level than I.”
The tip of his spear began to glow. Orjin eyed it. Xil grinned at him.
“I had an enjoyable decade, training students to hold a spear properly. Now…now? Let’s live up to Pomle’s old legends, eh?”
Orjin nodded slowly. They were leveling. Faster than they had with the most intense training. Combat was giving them levels.
“Growth amidst death. That was what Salthorn said.”
“She’s wiser.”
“But do you think we can win this war?”
Xil stopped preparing his spear. The tip was so intense that Orjin felt the air moving. The Garuda eyed Orjin, then muttered.
“[Spear Art: Skyjump]. [Flash Wings]. [Cast of th—]”
Orjin didn’t hear the rest. He saw Xil plant the butt of the spear and launch himself into the air, hundreds of feet up, as his wings snapped open. Light flashed and Orjin shielded his gaze, but he sensed Xil throw the spear.
[Cast of the Fisherman]. He flew back with his spear after fifteen seconds.
“Got the [Sniper]. I’ll make someone with evasion Skills get the bow and arrows.”
“Mm.”
The Garuda went back to sitting down.
“Can we win? Can we win? It’s not about fighting all of Nerrhavia. They could drown us in bodies, but they won’t. Nations hate cost; they hate being embarrassed just as much. Once they bleed, they’ll stop. They could send this kind of harassment against us for years. But they won’t. I don’t know if we’ll survive a true clash, but I trust in your [Secretary].”
“Salii? Why?”
Xil grinned as he lifted the wine flask to his beak.
“She’s the monster-[Secretary] of Izril. If she’s still here—she thinks we can win.”
Orjin nodded. He bade Xil farewell; the Garuda was already going back to sleep.
It would come down to the actual army, whenever it came. Salii was convinced of it. But when that army came?
They’d knock down the canyon walls. Attack from all angles. [Martial Artists] would fight as arrows and magic rained down around them, surrounded by foes.
When that happened—anyone who wasn’t a master would die. How would they survive that? Orjin wasn’t sure if he should…tell them all to leave. Just leave, for the Kilalle Steppes or elsewhere. Nerrhavia’s Fallen would pursue, but not catch many.
Yet Salii was confident. She stood in the center of a furore, giving orders, administrating, sending [Messages]. She saw Orjin and strode over.
“Something wrong, Orjin? About the attack?”
“When is this grand army coming?”
Her eyes flickered.
“Not yet. The [Garrison General] posted here is sending this attack, and she’s in danger of being replaced for incompetence. Nerrhavia’s Fallen is concentrating on Reim. They might pull together another army to attack us if we smash them hard enough today.”
“How will we survive it? I have been envisioning the battle, Salii.”
It was hard. He was no [Battle Seeker] or [Visionary Martial Artist], but he could imagine eight of those [Snipers] firing into a melee. See how well some of the younger fighters did against three [Soldiers] and imagine what would happen if there were eight, in a scrum, with nowhere to maneuver.
Salii’s eyes were bright.
“Good. Then you’re not a giant fist attached to two legs. I never thought you were, but at least you know what you did. Do you regret it?”
Orjin wasn’t sure. It was so much death for a few people.
“No. Not doing it. Only what it might cost. How will we survive?”
