8.58 PFH
Page 24
“Come inside. We will discuss Irurx and the rest—he will not get away with this. I also need to tell my people to stop searching for you. Not that anyone can exactly go out into the streets with…”
Revine began to wave a hand at the chaos below and then hesitated. She cursed.
“Salt for blood! Omusc!”
Ceria turned as she began walking inside.
“Omusc?”
“I…sent her into the city to find you when I thought you’d left. With orders to return with you or not at all. She’s down there. She—might survive.”
Revine bit her lip, feeling genuine guilt. Omusc was a mollusc Drowned Woman, though. She’d survived a lot of fatal injuries thanks to her amazing regenerative abilities. Even so—that was a bloodbath, and Omusc could survive a stabbing, incredible damage—not being sliced into pieces.
Ceria looked at Revine.
“She’s down there?”
“Yes. I will contact her. Omusc is intelligent enough to find a hiding spot. I’m sure she—what are you doing?”
Ceria Springwalker stopped. She had one foot over the balcony. Revine lifted a finger and the water stairs fell into a thunderous cascade of water.
“Don’t be a fool. There are Bloodtear Pirates and raiders and, even if some consider you a friend, no one can see anyone down there.”
Ceria just looked at the Siren.
“Omusc’s a friend. Not a huge one—but I’d feel bad if she died.”
“Don’t be stupid! Circlet or not—”
The half-Elf snorted.
“The circlet has nothing to do with it, Revine. I don’t leave friends to die. Ever. I was always stupid. Not even a Relic can change that.”
She hopped up onto the balcony and windmilled her arms.
“Whoa. That’s slippery. Can you help me?”
“I will not. Come down here! Come d—”
Revine grabbed for Ceria’s legs. She missed. The [Arctic Cryomancer] did a hop. Just a little bunny hop forwards. She met Revine’s eyes and the two locked gazes.
Then Ceria’s butt hit the long slide of ice aiming towards the city’s streets and she shot down with a scream.
“Tree rooooooo—”
Revine saw her move so fast neither she nor Ceria had time to process it. Ceria flashed downwards, hit the ground, and lay there. Revine winced. Ceria levered herself up; she had a bloody nose and scrapes, and drank a healing potion. Then she ran.
I was always stupid. That was what everyone didn’t understand. Not yet. Wearing the Relic of the Putrid One didn’t change her. The circlet? It just made her more of that.
But also? The fighting people on the streets, the [Bandits] and [Raiders] and [Pillager] and [Pirates] and [Marauders] and [Killers]—they got to learn what the circlet also did. And that was let Ceria be the person she imagined. Move, cast like the [Mage] she wanted to be. Revine looked down and saw. Her lips moved and her eyes widened.
 
——
 
Omusc was bleeding. This was how she’d die. Not from her wounds; she pushed herself off the wall, and her chopping cut with her shortsword took a [Pirate] in the neck. He got her in the stomach, but she wrenched the blade free and ran.
“Kill them! Kill—”
A Garuda ran past her, mistaking her for an ally. He covered her with his death; the Bloodtear Pirates were easily distinguishable from the rest.
They wore red bandannas. Simple, effective in a night-fight. And they were stained more and more with crimson.
“Fall back! They’re everywhere!”
Omusc ducked. Something flashed over her head and the shouter was struck by an arrow or crossbow bolt. She saw a figure running at her and swung her sickle in her off hand. A strange weapon. Unpredictable.
