8.58 PFH
Page 38
It had, in big, bold handwriting…his heart leapt.
 
To Pisces.
 
The young man slowly reached out, grabbed the note, and retreated. He unfolded it, ready to drop it if it contained a hostile spell. But it had no magic. Just words.
Izreal and the others had clustered around to see what was going on. Merr jogged over as Pisces read the note. Eloque, Bearig, Qshom, and Rophir came too.
They saw the young man blink—then turn dead white. He nearly dropped the note, then clutched it to his chest. Stared at the chests.
“Pisces? What is…?”
Slowly, the young man walked over to one of the chests of holding and opened it. Everyone gasped as they saw it was laden with sacks of neatly-packed, high-quality food. A second had armor, weapons. A third? Potions and scrolls.
“What? How?”
“Someone sent it to us. To me.”
That was Pisces’ only answer. Izreal’s look of simple pride and conviction faltered for a moment. He stared at Pisces.
“Is that the work of your…this other believer?”
He glanced uncertainly at Marrieh, then Pisces. The [Necromancer] turned. He blinked at Izreal, and then, to the man’s surprise, smiled. He laughed and read the note again.
“No. Not my master or lord. Someone…sillier.”
The blank look Izreal gave him, of sheer uncomprehending stupefaction, was so familiar. Pisces read the note again.
It was the wrong handwriting. Perfectly legible. But…he held it carefully. It was a short message. Rambling, slightly incoherent, and entirely confusing. It was the end he read, again and again. Something that Eloque and Merr, peeking over his shoulders, couldn’t understand. Why did he have tears in his eyes?
 
I’m not dead, only chilling. Don’t die on me, I have to serve you pasta again.
 
It was simply signed—
Erin Solstice.
Pisces Jealnet looked up at the sky.
He believed.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I’m reaching the end of a year of writing. It’s…taxing. I will have to take my end-of-year break. I mentioned that.
I am also taking a break off instead of next chapter. The reason is secret. I am not taking a break from writing—though I could use it. No, I’m, uh, doing something.
That involves typing.
Which I can’t tell you about—yet. But if all goes well, I can at least begin hinting after this Saturday. Who knows? It’s the kind of thing that you would probably like to hear about. Some of you’s may have been even demanding it.
But that’s all I can say. I’ll leave it there. Look forwards to nothing—and then something. I may drop a hint only on Patreon, or in the Tuesday chapter. Who knows? Even I don’t. I’m playing it by ear, but just know that the chapter off will be put to good use. Think hard on why, and hopefully you like this chapter.
We’re moving fast, but I hope you’re enjoying at least some of it. Thanks for reading and see you on the 21st!
 
Artsynada is doing a December calendar! Here are days 1-14. Check out the Discord to keep up with it! It’s cute!


Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/illudanajohns/
Ko-fi: https://ko-fi.com/illudanajohns
Commission info: https://i.imgur.com/OmNDuK8.jpg



                                                                                                                                         


Ksmvr of Chandrar and Ksmvr…with Ylawes’ hair…of Chandrar!
 
 
Fetohep by Brack!
DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/shurkin/gallery/
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/brack
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Brack_Giraffe

 

