8.58 PFH
Page 6
So how did they let him see Erin? Fetohep wondered if it was the power of every ruler of Khelt focused on her. That was suitably…thematic. But he had a sneaking suspicion that might not work.
The…only other way he could imagine Erin Solstice being visible to him via his connection with the dead predecessors of Khelt was a technical one. He was bound to Khelt, and thus could hear and see them when he stood on Khelt’s grounds. So…if they wanted him to see Erin…they might have made her…
No, that was ludicrous. He did not mention the theory aloud, but he would if—when—she came back from the dead.
“Sorry about that. Khelta keeps saying you’re busy, but I saw you and wanted to say hello.”
The young woman rested next to him, sitting cross-legged in the air. Fetohep inclined his head.
“Indeed. May I ask if you have some great need?”
“Nope! Just wanted to say hi. You know how it is. I meet people, I take lessons—I lose track. How many days has it been?”
“Four since last we spoke in the august company of King His-Xe, I believe.”
“Wow.”
Erin began to slowly rotate upside down. Fetohep watched her. She was not entirely unpleasant to talk to. She was rather amusing—engaging—and entirely insolent. He could only hear and see the rulers of Khelt and her, of course, but Queen Xierca had related some amusing incidents.
A world of the dead. He watched her expression, because Fetohep was no fool. It was not when Erin smiled—she smiled constantly.
It was how she smiled.
“I’m…it’s been a few months, hasn’t it?”
She stopped her rotation in the air and looked at him. Fetohep nodded once more.
“It becomes fall.”
“And the Meeting of the Tribes is, um…not going well? Those Drake jerks really did take the Gnolls’ magic?”
Her face clouded. Fetohep nodded.
“So it appears. I can only speculate and observe; I have few informants, and all are for hire, not trusted envoys.”
“I see. If it’s true…the ghosts are mad about it. The Gnolls and some of the others. You would not believe how mad they are, and all the Drakes here keep saying they didn’t do it—then someone brings up the stuff they did do, and it’s all disgusting.”
Erin glowered.
“When I get un-dead—I mean, re-alive, I’m going to be saying some stuff to Chaldion. I—oh. Hey, buddy.”
She hesitated, waved, and put on a fake smile. Fetohep saw Erin turn, half-point at him.
“I was just talking with Fetohep about that. Archmage, um…Kishkeria. I was j—I asked, and he said nothing else is happening. Right, Fetohep?”
He shook his head. Erin glanced at him.
“She can’t see you. He shook his head! It’s all—right. No—yeah—absolutely. I told you about Mr—uh huh. No, but—Khelta’s the one giving orders and I—uh—uh—oh, hi, Serept! I guess I’d just better let you go. See you!”
She waved, then wiped at her brow and floated behind Fetohep as if hiding from someone’s gaze.
“I trust that was another ghost?”
“Archmage Kishkeria. She was asking about the Gnolls. Because she’s a Gnoll.”
Fetohep had no need to truly move his jaw, since his tongue was long withered away, as were his vocal chords, but his mouth opened slightly.
“…By which you mean the Archmage of Grasses, one of the most powerful Gnolls to ever walk Chandrar?”
“Yeah? She’s, uh, pushy. But the other ghosts keep them clear.”
Fetohep had just seen the giant form of King Serept floating past him, clearly escorting someone he couldn’t see away. Some of his servants worried he was going mad. Fetohep was worried too.
