8.58 PFH
Page 30
Ice and stone and—?
Captain Ereiyne slowly backed up. She stared at the thing she’d hit. Two vast, glowing, purple flames stared back at her.
Two pissed flames in empty eye sockets. She had hit a giant…
Head. Poking out of the ground. Slowly rising upwards. But not a skull. Not precisely a skull. Not of ivory. Nor of ice.
Rather, ice coating bone, like skin. A paw rose, with glittering nails of ice, and slammed into the ground. Aldrail heard Jiupe whisper.
“Krakens. I thought she wasn’t a [Necromancer]!”
Slowly, the giant bear’s head rose higher as the rest of the monstrosity pulled itself upwards.
It dwarfed everyone here, towering over the houses. A huge monster of ice and ivory.
A Frostmarrow Behemoth.
Ceria Springwalker stood on its head. Circlet shining. Her eyes were glowing.
 
——
 
Death magic linking completed. Mana reserves: 49%.
It wasn’t quite in that way, but it burned across her mind like she had always known it.
Death magic. The other half of the combined spell. But without Pisces it was—
It all made sense now. What the circlet did. Revine was right.
What was a [Mage]’s greatest weakness? That they were alone. Even the Putrid One, for all his strength, was one magic. And magic…
Linked spells. She could cast linked spells through the circlet. The Frostmarrow Behemoth roared like an avalanche falling, and Ceria looked down.
“This is my best spell. Want to try yours again?”
The Bloodtear Captain looked up. Then she stepped back. Grinning. Raising her hands.
“Now there’s a fight. What say you?”
Four Bloodtear Captains stood there. Ceria cursed as she saw Aldrail and Jiupe. She spread her hands.
“I killed four [Pirates] from Ereiyne’s ship. I’m not sure about yours, Captain Aldrail, Captain Jiupe. Can we be friends? It’s a Drowned Night. But that woman is my friend.”
“What say you leave her and we call it even? We’ll be sporting, but it’s four versus one. Even if it’s just us.”
Jiupe tilted her head. Ceria Springwalker smiled.
“I’ve still got my circlet. It could do anything. I could do anything. Try to kill her and die.”
“Well said. Well said!”
The Bloodtear Captains shouted their approval. Ceria Springwalker was sweating. Because in a game of bluffs and cards, they’d call every time. They’d raise the stakes, turn the table over, and pull out the blades.
She saw Aldrail looking at Ereiyne. At Jiupe and the last [Captain]. Taking a silent vote. Ceria Springwalker closed her eyes.
Stupid people. Them and her. People who said, ‘this is the line, cross it and die’, and meant it. Who went into a city and risked their lives for a friend.
Ridiculous. Except…if there was a point. A point to all of it. The half-Elf spoke, to the Bloodtear Captains, to the air, and they listened. After all—they loved and admired moments and people like these.
“I care only for my friends. I went into a Death-zone for a friend. My team is scattered across Chandrar. This night, I walked into Shifthold’s depths. I walked out, because I didn’t care. My team matters. To find them and save them, and to bring my friend back—I will make any pacts. I will do what it takes. Believe in that.”
She looked down. Slowly, the four [Captains] turned. They eyed the lone figure standing on the docks. Then…the figures that appeared out of his shadow.
Alchemist Irurx watched her. The Bloodtear Pirates hesitated, unsure of what he was doing. But Ceria only lingered on him for a moment. She raised her head.
“Someday, I will go back to Wistram and avenge my mentor. I will walk Wistram’s higher floors. I am Illphres’ apprentice. Believe me.”
