8.59 H
Page 32
 
——
 
The point was, at last, they were all on the move. Pisces rode with Merr the Storm on a rampage across the trade roads.
Ceria played cards and ate food.
Ksmvr pondered the exigencies of [Monks] and their odd mating rituals as he petted Yinah.
Yvlon Byres scrubbed at her skin until her flesh was raw, despite being pronounced with a clean bill of health by Etrikah, who promised to send a number of safeguards with her.
It was looking up for the Horns of Hammerad, where it was looking very down. Even so, as Yvlon Byres sat down with Yisame and Etrikah for a small, intimate dinner, she picked at her food.
“You’re clean. Not that I can blame you for not being hungry. Believe me, you finding that hidden condition and removing it is the best assurance I can think of. Hidden Skills. Hidden conditions. Even hidden classes. What have we forgotten?”
The [Sage] sighed. She was reading at the table. So was Yisame, who had a book open in one hand, expertly flicking through the pages; she had found an old story in the famous Tales of Adventure and Woe collection about adventurers in the time of the Putrid One.
“So you were Yisame’s, ah, tutor when she was young?”
Etrikah glanced up.
“I was a lesser [Sage], yes. I rose with her. Not that I bet on Yisame for the throne. And here we are.”
“Thank you, Etrikah. She put me onto reading, you know.”
The two were rather comfortable, and Yvlon was relieved that Yisame had someone like that. Although they were distinctly different. Yisame had found an adventure story about teams in the Putrid One’s time from the library of Nerrhavia Fallen’s vast wealth of ancient tomes—so vast even someone constantly reading couldn’t find useful information amid all the dross without a hint like the Putrid One—while the Great Sage had pulled out a history book.
“I put Yisame onto reading to improve her mind. She decided she wanted [Barbarians] carrying off [Princesses] while wearing only loincloths. Do you know what we call that? Abduction. Kidnapping.”
“Leave me alone, Etrikah.”
The morally dubious ethics of scantily-clad [Barbarians] aside…Yvlon truly had lucked out. Zenol was here, and, somehow, Cognita of Wistram too, and she had met the Silver Swords. Yisame had a lead on Pisces, Ceria, and Ksmvr, and she had an army at her back.
Things were looking up.
Yet.
Not one of the Horns was smiling.
Oh, they smiled. They laughed at times, they celebrated the good and they had fought through the ill.
Now they were freed, though.
Now they had a chance to breathe.
They remembered why they were here.
So Yvlon Byres, the angriest of the Horns of Hammerad, the conscientious [Lady], the berserker with the metal arms, looked at Etrikah, the Great Sage, at Yisame, [Queen] of all she surveyed, even if she rode for a month in every direction—looked up.
Like Ceria Springwalker, about to reach for a card. The [Silversteel Armsmistress] looked at Etrikah, then spoke.
“There is one last thing you don’t know, Yisame. The real reason my team went to the Village of the Dead. How we all came together. If you want beautiful stories, there’s one you’ve never heard.”
The [Reader]’s head snapped up hungrily. Yvlon Byres put down her fork and pushed her plate away. She looked at Etrikah.
“The glass being half empty or half-full and what you do with it—I know someone who also decided to fill it up.”
The Fox [Sage] glanced up. Yvlon Byres fiddled with her napkin.
“She died. Or…she was hurt so badly she had to be frozen in ice. I’m not sure if you’ve ever heard of that.”
