8.59 H
Page 26
The [Sage] put down her plate. She lifted up the cup of tea and drank. She looked at the statue again.
“We followed Tottenval. Beastkin live in villages in a certain part of Baleros, you know. But we don’t populate much—not with so much competition. So why not Chandrar? That was how we came here, and Tottenval…he shaped who we were until he died. His death shaped us too.”
Yvlon stirred. She half-lowered the bowl, then raised it as liquid threatened to slop over the edges.
“How, exactly? May I ask if it’s not…”
The Fox [Sage] glanced at Yvlon, then nodded. Briefly, she put her mostly-empty plate aside, and then drank down her tea. She snapped her fingers, and a pitcher floated over. Etrikah critically eyed the cup—then put it aside and found another one.
When she came back, it was with a transparent glass. She filled it with water up about halfway, and then put it down.
“There.”
Yvlon looked blankly at the piece of blown glass sitting next to Etrikah. The [Sage] indicated it with one paw.
“What would you say that glass is? Half-full? Half-empty? What? No, wait…I’m doing this wrong. Sorry. It’s been a while. What I do is…here.”
She pushed it towards Yvlon with one foot. It skittered across the floorboards and tipped over. Yvlon and Etrikah stared at the puddle of water. The [Sage] sighed. Yvlon tried to interject.
“Er…is this the adage about the glass of water being half full or empty? I know that one.”
The grumbling Fox-woman sat back down.
“That’s only partly it. What you’re supposed to do is hand someone a glass of half-full water and see what they make of it. It’s based on these Gnollish riddles. Fox-folk call it Life’s Riddle.”
“A…glass of water?”
The [Sage] fixed Yvlon with a piercing, orange-eyed stare.
“Good metaphors are easy to grasp. Let’s pretend that cup is in front of you. What do you make of it?”
“I…it’s half-full?”
Etrikah watched Yvlon’s face.
“Just that? What would you do with it?”
“Put it to one side? Drink it, I suppose.”
“Ah, practical. But let’s pretend the glass is a metaphor for life. What do you do with the glass?”
The Human woman just looked at Etrikah, completely stumped. The silver Fox-woman snorted.
“Don’t try too hard or you might turn that blonde hair white.”
Yvlon flushed a bit angrily.
“What do you mean, ‘what do I do with the glass’? What am I supposed to do?”
The [Sage] laughed, revealing pointed teeth.
“Ah, no one’s ever asked you that, have they? Children in our communities get asked that all the time. What do you do with the glass? What is the purpose of living?”
She looked pointedly at Yvlon, expecting an answer. The woman hesitated.
“Is there a purpose?”
“There’s an answer and a question. Is there, Miss Byres? Was your purpose to be an adventurer? Why did you become one?”
“To…help people. Because House Byres always has been.”
Yvlon replied, eyes flicking uncertainly to her arms. Etrikah raised her brows.
“Do you have to do what your family dictates? Is helping people important?”
“Yes, of course.”
“Why?”
The Gold-rank adventurer just stared at Etrikah. She tried to speak slowly. For some reason, it was hard, as if she had to explain the obvious.
“Because—people need help. Helping people is a just thing to do.”
“Who told you that? Where is the law that says that? Will they help you back? It sounds like something you were told.”
“I don’t need to be told to do the right thing!”
Yvlon snapped. She was getting a bit annoyed by Etrikah’s needling tone. Yet the [Sage] only smiled mirthlessly.
“You’re getting angry.”
“No, I’m…”
Yvlon took a deep breath. She smiled calmly at Etrikah, who raised her brows.
