8.59 H
Page 33
“Ice? Never. Stasis spells, yes. Ice…is actually intelligent if you had neither. You can preserve meat. But I would never dare it.”
The [Sage]’s eyes glinted. Yvlon shook her head.
“Nor would I, but I wasn’t…there. She is a dear friend to many. She helped bring the Horns together after the crypt. She’s still there. It’s been…months. My team went to the Village of the Dead not for glory, not to use the relic we thought was there, but in order to gain it. To trade it for something that could cure her.”
“Truly?”
Yisame looked at Yvlon. She half-rose.
“What does she need? A Potion of Regeneration? A Scroll of [Restoration]? We have both, I think. Those are often used by rulers, but—”
Etrikah raised a paw and gripped Yisame’s arm, stopping the [Queen] in her excitement. She watched Yvlon’s face.
“It’s not that easy, or you wouldn’t have tried for a Relic-class object. Isn’t that so, Miss Byres?”
“No.”
Yvlon met her gaze. She closed her eyes, and looked up at the ceiling.
“No, it’s not that easy. Nor am I close to her. I don’t even have my team. But here I am. Before I go, Great Sage Etrikah, Queen Yisame. My friend. Her name is…”
 
——
 
“Erin Solstice.”
Ceria Springwalker put down her cards. The [Rogues] and [Bandits] were all staring at her. Even the Siren, just happening to be riding on her palanquin next to them, was listening.
“You went into the Village of the Dead on the chance you might find something to help your friend?”
“Yeah. That’s right. It’s like going up against the Bloodtear Pirates for someone you’ve never met. Shut up, Abelesque.”
Omusc glanced to her left at one of the audience, then looked at Ceria. The half-Elf smiled crookedly.
“Ice. I have experimented with that. There are creatures…who can survive freezing. I have never seen larger beings survive it.”
Irurx looked at Ceria. The half-Elf nodded.
“Maybe, though. Maybe. She needs many things. A cure to a poison. A way to unfreeze her—I don’t know the right spell. But maybe—”
She raised her hand and gripped the circlet on her head. Then she turned her head right and looked at Revine. Ceria half-rose. The dark [Alchemist] of Shifthold looked at her. The Siren of Savere raised her brows.
 
——
 
“…Do you have any ideas?”
Yisame held her breath. Sage Etrikah tapped her claws on the dining table.
“Again, you should tell me these things beforehand. I have mere hours before you leave. Research would take months. I can work on it—but you understand this is a crisis. Yes, though. I can certainly look into these things.”
Yvlon’s heart beat faster. Again, though, the [Sage] held up one paw.
“Intelligence. Wisdom, Yvlon Byres.”
“Yes, Sage Etrikah?”
The Fox-woman tapped the side of her head.
“…Why would I start from scratch? Who else is working on this? I assume someone must be.”
“Oh—Oteslia. Oteslia and I think—I don’t know.”
“Well, why don’t we look that up first and make contact? Then we can see. Speaking of which, have you told your mother you’re alive? Mothers do worry, you know.”
“Huh?”
Yvlon blinked. Etrikah sighed.
“That you didn’t die in the Village of the Dead. You were a [Gladiator]. I’ll stop shouting. Why don’t you send your family a [Message]?”
“Of course. [Servants]—”
Yisame clapped her hands and Etrikah slapped her hands down.
“It will not kill you to stand up for once. Come, come. We’ll use my [Scroll of Messages]. Tell your parents you’re alive, Miss Byres. I will inquire into this young woman’s cure if one can be arranged. You have my word.”
 
——
 
“Mine too. It is not a difficult thing to pledge. And it is quite…interesting.”
