8.59 H
Page 23
The Great Sage of Nerrhavia’s Fallen was actually a Fox Beastkin, fur going to silver, and short. As in, five feet tall and clearly very elderly.
She was also extremely no-nonsense, and chivvied Yvlon towards the chair next to her—by poking at her with a walking stick.
“Adventurers. Where are these relics I’m supposed to appraise? I’m not an [Enchanter], but Yisame needs someone she can trust. Well, we have one day. Don’t tell me you left them in your rooms?”
Yvlon hesitated. The Great Sage sighed.
“Wonderful.”
She leaned over, grabbed a speaking stone out of her bag of holding, and spoke into it. For a second, Yvlon heard a booming voice.
“The Great Sage Etrikah hath need of a City Runner or Courier beyond repute for a simple errand to the Coliseum of Monarchs.”
“Those are Relics—”
Yvlon protested. Etrikah raised her eyebrows.
“Then don’t tell them they’re Relics and they won’t notice. Do you think most Runners can tell if they’re carrying a cursed doomsday artifact or a simple lamp? They cannot. If you wish to hide in plain sight, do it mundanely. That’s wisdom for you. I’ll charge you for the next bit of advice.”
The first [Sage] Yvlon met turned out to be…completely indicative of her class. Which was to say, weird. Yvlon Byres was stunned, but Etrikah was settling in for a long chat. A cup of tea filled itself and floated over to her. She put her feet up, then stared at Yvlon.
She was finicky, crotchety, and probably other adjectives if you asked Yisame to describe her. She was indeed no powerful [Mage] who threw meteors around—nor the best [Alchemist], who could transform iron into gold and destabilize the economic systems of nations. She was the Great Sage of a kingdom in the waning world, with access to less information than the greats of old.
Even so…Etrikah proved she was a [Sage] in the first five minutes of meeting Yvlon. She took one look at the [Armsmistress] and narrowed her eyes.
“…What’s wrong with your arms?”
 
——
 
The City Runner arrived panting, and handed over the simple objects they’d collected to the [Palace Guards], who in turn knocked on the door. Yvlon went to collect the two rings and scrolls, and tried to keep her face straight. When she went to hand them to Etrikah, the [Sage] snapped at her.
“Don’t touch me. And don’t touch that! Go sit back down. Let me see. Burn that chair. Burn that foot table…put it on that foot table. The bad one.”
She kicked one over. Yvlon sat, gingerly, as the Fox-woman hopped around the room. She, like Vitte and Zirre, was unusual.
Gravity didn’t seem to touch her the same way, so she did a big bound across the room, snagged a giant piece of clear quartz, and continued grabbing objects and creating a magpie-like pile. Yvlon sat very still.
“Sage Etrikah, I don’t know what you’re talking about. My arms feel a bit off, but—”
“You said you’re snapping metal? Swords? Armor? Enchanted cuffs and collars?”
“Yes. I thought I might be taking the strength from the metals to repair my arms.”
Etrikah glanced up.
“And you didn’t test that theory. You just kept breaking steel swords in the Coliseum of Monarchs and put it down to a defect in the steel? How many times in a row? Six? Do you think the [Gladiators] would suffer that? They’d riot.”
Yvlon shifted uncomfortably. When you put it like that—
“I didn’t have much of a choice, Sage Etrikah.”
