8.59 H
Page 19
She looked around guiltily. Yvlon was no fool. She looked at Yisame in astonishment, then lowered her voice.
“I never wanted to be a [Lady] either. But I am one. I can’t…not be one. I wish—I wish, sometimes, I didn’t have my older brother so I wouldn’t compare myself to him. But would I have made it without being born a Byres?”
Yisame was nodding, tears in her eyes. She went to hug Yvlon, impulsively. It was more physical than the Izrilian was used to, but that actually squared with Yisame as a [Queen].
“That is exactly how I feel. I wanted to go out—but I once got a magic sword, and I arranged to fight a Silver-rank monster…I couldn’t do it.”
Her face fell.
“I couldn’t. I can only read of things. I can’t change how I was raised.”
Yvlon tried to cheer her up.
“Most people freeze up, the first dozen times. I did—everyone has trouble with animals and monsters, let alone people.”
“Truly? That makes me feel better. I do love reading, you know. It’s just—I am [Queen] of Nerrhavia’s Fallen. I would rather have read about the King of Destruction. Even him coming back—you know, I was truly excited? Until I realized what it meant. Until my kingdom made war on his. The Empress of Beasts…”
She sighed. Yvlon looked at her.
“Can’t you…change things? Give orders?”
Yisame gave her a fragile smile.
“A [Queen] can—but in Nerrhavia’s Fallen, even a [Queen] is not a secure position. I would that I were higher-level, but there are many checks on the throne. Nerrhavia, the Tyrant of Cloth, shall never return, and that is good because she was a monster given flesh. But…I must be careful.”
She sat there, rather like some kind of wondrously-sewn doll trapped in her role. Yvlon felt for Yisame. She knew what that felt like, even in part.
“You helped me and Prince Zenol. I will repay that, Your Majesty.”
Yisame looked at Yvlon.
“Do so by continuing to do great things. Things of such great stories that I can read them and know I met you, helped you. And—and I will continue to do so. Your arm is nearly healed. But is it entirely well?”
Yvlon flexed her arm, frowning.
“It’s…it feels off, sometimes, but I am learning to control it far better.”
Yisame took a long gulp of goat’s milk and threw her head back.
“Well, we will not spend all this time together. I have made arrangements with an expert I can trust completely. She will see to you before you go. Appraise whatever you might have carried from the Village of the Dead too.”
Yvlon jumped.
“How did you—”
She was rewarded with an arch smile. Yisame’s eyes glittered.
“I may be a low-level [Queen], but I did read Ducaz’s reports. The rest of my Courts did not. Even falsified, he claimed he only sequestered your Gold-rank artifacts—I will have them returned, mark my words. But I could not imagine he would do all this if it were not for a Relic-class item. As one was never found on him when an inquiry was launched, my guess was that you had hidden it somewhere. I can retrieve it if it is buried—but I was sure you had at least one once I heard of Ksmvr. Adventurers don’t leave treasure behind.”
Yvlon Byres hesitated.
“I do have the Relics.”
“Really? Where did you hide them? Was it that the Relics were undetectable? Wait. You hid them in your arms! Of course!”
“I—absolutely. That’s exactly it.”
Yvlon Byres would never tell anyone, anyone, even her biggest fan, how she’d really hidden the scrolls and rings.
It was a strange feeling, though. Meeting someone who liked you, and didn’t really know you. It could, as Yisame had feared, be entirely disastrous. The reason it wasn’t was because Yisame was still…
