8.59 H
Page 10
That was apparently enough to feed all the [Monks] who sat outside the canopy in the baking sand, which were exactly eighty-three in number. One was cooking the grain in a simple pot over a fire.
[Abbot] Shurein smiled as he watched the others sit. Like his people, he sat in the hot sand without appearing to notice it. He accepted some water in a cup from Nsiia herself, but refused the rich cut of meat. Nsiia looked unperturbed and offered it to Seelaw Ya. She picked up a second bowl and found a cat had taken it.
“Yinah! That is for guests!”
“Do you wish sustenance, [Abbot]? I am Ksmvr, as Nsiia indicated. You must be hungry.”
The [Abbot] saw Ksmvr carefully offer his food. Once again he shook his head.
“You are kind, Ksmvr. However, my people are satisfied with what we have brought. I, like the other [Monks], have taken a vow—I will not eat rich foods. Nor do I need to.”
Indeed, Ksmvr saw the [Monks] were calmly chewing down on a tiny bowl of porridge mixed with the scant vegetables. The only thing they did take from their hosts was water.
Some of Vasraf’s people looked as dismayed as Ksmvr, but the [Monks] seemed quite content. Vasraf, Nsiia, and even Seelaw Ya and Leka Thri acted like this was to be expected.
“You must tell us all. We were cut off from news, so all I know is that the King of Destruction wakes. Does he still live? I expected him before you, Empress. You say these are dark days for Tiqr? And how comes an Antinium—I can only believe it is one of the Antinium—to Chandrar’s shores?”
The [Abbot] ate his pitiful portion as Nsiia sat opposite him in the shade, on a rug. He really didn’t know anything of what had passed, and listened intently.
He didn’t speak much either. All the [Abbot] did when Nsiia told him of Tiqr’s fall was sigh. When he heard the King of Destruction was besieged in Reim, he shrugged.
“I see.”
That’s all? Ksmvr was incredulous. The [Abbot] noticed his stare and smiled.
“We would have had difficulty reaching Reim in time to begin with. Sottheim cannot be abandoned; he will come to us, or some would march to him if the siege were lifted. That is what we decided, but I wished to know if he had the will to return. Your arrival and request, Empress, is far more interesting. Scaied is neighbor to Tiqr, and the fall of Tiqr is tragic indeed.”
Some of the other [Monks] nodded. The [Abbot] sat, cross-legged. He lowered his head and closed his eyes in deep thought for about ten seconds. Then he looked up.
“Sottheim will march with Tiqr. We will not wait for another siege, nor the King of Destruction. My people—half of us will go to war. Prepare yourselves and choose whether you will go or stay. Those that leave may never return. Empress of Beasts, I will request a second Sottheim be permitted in your lands if we take your kingdom. Is that fair?”
Nsiia exhaled slowly. Her hands, which had tightened on her bowl and chopsticks, relaxed.
“It is, Abbot. You have my deepest gratitude.”
He shrugged and smiled.
“It is what I believe is best. We will be ready within an hour’s time.”
Ksmvr exchanged a look with Domehead. Even the Golem’s dome-lights were blinking in confusion. The Abbot stood, and so did the [Monks], some of whom lined up after him. Ready to go. Possessions? Check. Ready to fight in a war? Check.
Ksmvr decided the Antinium could learn something from the Monks of Sottheim. He liked this [Abbot] indeed.
 
——
 
Alright, what was up with the Monks of Sottheim? They were indeed ready to go in forty minutes, and nearly six thousand [Monks] lined up outside of Sottheim.
