8.59 H
Page 17
That just made it more valuable. 
Oh yes. It was all coming together. The [Silversteel Armsmistress] put the quill back in the holder and then hesitated, clearly wondering if you just…
“I will take it. Thank you, Adventurer Byres. I am much enamored by your exploits. Not just in Nerrhavia’s Fallen.”
The [Queen] accepted the autograph, and Yvlon ducked her head.
“You’re too kind, Your Majesty.”
“Not at all. You must call me Yisame, and I shall call you Yvlon. We only have a day…”
Yisame regretted that. She leaned over, and Yvlon leaned back. She seemed patently uncomfortable. Yisame tried not to look too excited.
“Do forgive me. I truly do admire your deeds in Izril.”
“I—I had no idea you even knew about them, Your Majesty. This is a high honor.”
Yvlon shuffled her feet. She grew more relaxed as Yisame clapped her hands.
“Servants! Leave the refreshments. I believe Yvlon and I will be best suited alone.”
“Your Majesty, with a Human from—?”
A [Servant] flinched as Yisame gave her a wide-eyed glare. They put down the refreshments, and Yisame turned to Yvlon.
“Drinks? Something to eat? I know it must seem—odd.”
After all, Prince Zenol was not here. Nor were the other [Gladiators]. It was just Yvlon. The Gold-rank adventurer had come in full of etiquette, not prepared for…
Well, Yisame knew she was smiling a bit too widely. She went to serve Yvlon a drink herself and the woman stood up.
“Your Majesty, allow me—”
“Yisame. Please!”
They stood, as Yvlon took one of the decanters and Yisame faced her. The [Queen] felt a lurch in her chest.
Oh no, this wasn’t going according to plan! They were supposed to be—no, wait.
She wasn’t blind. Yvlon was certainly a bit…weirded out. Off-put by Yisame’s demeanor. And the [Avid Reader] realized something.
In all her scheming to help Yvlon, to put her into a better position, then to salvage the disaster at the court—then her impulsive decision to throw it all to Rhir’s hells and help that brave adventurer and [Prince]—
She had never thought of what to do when she met Yvlon.
Suddenly, Yisame began to sweat. She was the ruler of the nation that had interred Yvlon. She had apologized, of course, and Yvlon accepted that, but did she mean it? What would they talk about?
“I—ah, I truly am a fan of yours, Miss Byres. I enjoy stories, you see.”
Wait, don’t lead with that! Yisame flushed slightly, and Yvlon slowly poured herself a drink.
“I see, Your Majesty?”
The [Queen] hurried on. Definitely don’t mention the writing! Or fan fiction. Sandquen—this was why you didn’t add yourself into your stories!
“I followed the entire raid on the Village of the Dead, you know. I know all of the Horns of Hammerad.”
“I see?”
Yisame’s desperate smile turned waxy.
What did I just say? I know all the—there are four of them! It isn’t like knowing the genealogy of a royal family! But her treacherous lips kept moving.
“T-that is, Pisces, Ceria, Ksmvr, and you.”
“That is the Horns of Hammerad, Your M—er…Yisame.”
Yvlon Byres looked like her teeth ached. The two stared at each other, realized they had locked gazes, and Yisame desperately opened a fan and began to wave it. She pretended to glance down at her cup. Yvlon Byres stared at her jagged wrist; her right arm was almost regrown.
This was a disaster. Yisame felt like she was going to cry. And if she started crying…
With every ounce of will, she suppressed her tear ducts. She saw Yvlon’s lips moving, perhaps trying to formulate some kind of nothing statement about the decor. Oh dead gods, what do I…
“Calruz of Hammerad too. Sostrom, Gerial, I believe there was a Marian and Hunt?”
