8.59 H
Page 21
“May I say that I do not know you well either, but I have profound gratitude for this meeting, Yisame?”
“Thank you, Yvlon. May we be friends?”
The [Queen]’s eyes shone with nervousness, until Yvlon’s blue gaze rose and the warrior woman smiled.
“…I think we already are.”
 
——
 
Neither Yisame nor Yvlon had a proper exit to the sentimental moment, so there was a good amount of aheming and scattered talk involving—‘what a beautiful cushion’, ‘oh, you like it? I received it from a [Sultana], do you want it?’…and so on.
However, Yisame was conscious of Yvlon’s time—more than Yvlon herself. Regretfully, after only six hours of talking and eating through brunch and lunch with Nerrhavia’s finest delicacies, she was reminded Yvlon had to make preparations to go.
Yvlon was entirely willing to hop on a horse and gallop after the army, which would already be at least two cities away thanks to all their movement Skills, but Yisame was more coordinated than even Yvlon.
Yvlon kept the Horns running like a good helper to Ceria. But that was only insofar as she would poke Pisces and ask if he’d repaired the bone chariot, or tell Ksmvr not to make all their travel rations eggs and oatmeal because that’s what he had found the best deal on in the market.
Yisame? She made plans.
“I sent General Thelican to head the army. Politics. However, he is a good [General]…not highly imaginative, but he succeeded in Tiqr where others might have failed. Consider him an exemplar of the standard Nerrhavian [General]. Prince Zenol will know what that means. He shouldn’t bother you aside from feasting you every day on the road. The army will find your friends, even if it must besiege Savere.”
Yvlon nodded, head spinning a bit. Yisame said that so casually.
“I will bear it in mind. Uh—what is Thelican like? He must be an impressive man, to be one of Nerrhavia’s greatest [Generals].”
“Not like you.”
Yisame looked at Yvlon. The woman felt this was unfair.
“He might not be an adventurer, but surely he has some qualities outside his levels?”
The [Queen]’s face was exceedingly blank, but she finally dredged up one fact about the man.
“…Patter songs.”
“Excuse me?”
Yisame shrugged.
“He is the 6th best [Competitive Singer] for patter-songs in Nerrhavia’s Fallen. I believe he goes to every competition he can make.”
“There are competitions for—I’m sorry, I think I know, but what’s a patter song?”
Yisame laughed.
“Silly little rhythm songs. Thelican is apparently obsessed with them. You know? I am a mighty, magical [General]…I will conquer and level again, just as my name is General Thelican…”
She didn’t actually know his songs, but there was Yvlon’s tidbit. Somehow, it reminded Yisame that she had never asked Thelican about it.
How curious. Still, the man was there to support Yvlon. He was the side character, just like Yisame, to the real heroine of her story.
Zenol? Well…Yisame would content herself with one person of note, even if Yvlon had to leave. She said her farewells to Yvlon, which surprised the adventuress.
“The day isn’t over.”
“No, but I fear we might not be able to meet. You and I will have a dinner—but I have sent for an aide to you. Nerrhavia’s Great Sage is a friend of my family. She is trustworthy…and few are. However, she is not…”
“…Socially acceptable for a [Queen] to be around?”
Yvlon suggested. Yisame glanced at her and shook her head.
