8.59 H
Page 7
Yet what really bothered Thelican wasn’t the location, but the decision itself. The thing was…he leaned over his saddle and murmured to one of his companions.
“[Tome Magus] Irwhil. Did you have a chance to ask Her Majesty’s inner court or anyone else on the Council of Steel about the formation of this army?”
The [Mage] riding next to him was the lead spellcaster attached to this army. In this case, he was also a figure of note instead of being just a [War Mage]; Yisame wanted no effort spared, so she had commanded one of the Tome Magi of the Hundred Thousand Tomes Academy to aid Thelican.
His exact rank was Spellcaster Selendia—a term that meant he had permission to cast magic in the royal palace. In practice? He was as important as a lesser [General], an important ally to have in the courts.
Especially for a man like Thelican, who had both ambition and need of magically-capable allies. Irwhil had been his first choice to share in any glory and as a trustworthy ally.
A Grand Army, for a grand occasion. But Irwhil’s face was as…confused…as Thelican’s as the two rode together. The [Mage] cast an illusion to make it seem like both were still waving and smiling.
“I did not. From what I saw, even the [Spymaster] was astonished. The [Chancellor of Coin]? Perhaps it was that bastard who…?”
“No, I talked with him briefly. Maybe it was the [First Diplomat]? The…I think it must be Queen Yisame herself who ordered it.”
The two exchanged a look of frank amazement. Nerrhavia Fallen’s courts were highly complex. Thelican tapped at his painted lips.
Why would she not only offend the powerful Quarein family, a royal family who was as close to the throne as any by supporting the poor Isphel house, let alone form a Grand Army and pledge it to save a few adventurers? No matter they were famous—
This was not how Yisame normally did things.
She was a clever woman. She had ascended in the bloodbath of a civil war and survived because she understood how to rule a nation like this. Which was by staying clear of political fallout.
Consider most wars. Obviously, the one with Flos was an exception, but despite individual defeats, the onus of failure did not usually fall on Yisame—nor for costly economic projects that failed.
Because she did not propose them. She was carefully neutral, and let those who clutched at ambition rise or fall. Thelican knew Yisame as a savvy, cunning leader with a viper’s reflexes—politically—who would strike at you if you bared your fangs. A generous ruler otherwise.
With peculiar tastes running towards sharp edges, or so he had heard. But what ruler didn’t have…interests? Thelican carefully collected such information and never used it since there was little point. No, he had high ambitions, but Yisame’s seat was too high, even for him. The throne was a precarious place to be.
So why did she pledge armies to Yvlon Byres? Irwhil was clearly wondering the same thing.
“It must be that someone petitioned her to do so and we do not know about it. Either that or…”
Or she is aware of something we are not. Thelican didn’t like that, but the [Queen] did have the [Spymaster] on her side. Mind you, the [Spymaster] had his own plans, but he was still subservient to the crown. Yet Yisame had her own networks…
Thelican snapped his fingers, eyes widening, as they passed by some giant peacocks whose radiant feathers were collected into massive fans. He ignored the proffered gift of one luxuriant feather.
“Of course!”
Irwhil looked at him. Thelican leaned over and whispered urgently.
