8.59 H
Page 27
“I’m sorry, Sage Etrikah. I just don’t see the point behind your questioning.”
The [Sage]’s brows rose even higher.
“…That was quite incredible. I’ve heard the expression ‘swallow your temper’, but I’ve never seen it so literally done. You are fuming. Internally. No wonder you kept snapping in the arenas. Silver-Killer is an apt moniker.”
“That’s—!”
Etrikah’s orange eyes stared pointedly at Yvlon over her spectacles. The [Sage] tapped her glasses.
“Do me the courtesy of not lying to my face, Yvlon. And if those questions bother you—perhaps you had better ask why. Because Fox-folk ask. They ask what the purpose of anything is. You only get one life, sometimes very short. So what do you want to do? We all get handed a glass and come up with our own answer. Do you know what Tottenval, the Blooming Plague, did?”
Yvlon bit her tongue. Her mind was awhirl, but curiosity trumped any of the things Etrikah was hitting her with.
“What?”
Slowly, Etrikah took her cup of tea. She picked up the pitcher, filled it halfway. She placed it down.
“He looked at the glass, and filled it up. Then he handed it to someone who wanted a drink. Symbolism. This world is underwatered. He believed he could make it better. So his people decided his answer was the best. For a time, we were the King of Destruction’s allies and soldiers, people who saw the best in what he did. Tottenval inspired us.”
She lifted the teacup up, admired it—then tossed it down. Yvlon jumped as it shattered, spraying into pieces over the floor. Etrikah sat back down.
“Then he died. The King of Destruction’s empire fell to dust. Our people survived; we are resourceful and few pursued vengeance against us. But do you know what Vitte, Vitte Groundless of the Arena, did with her cup? It is the same answer many young Fox-children give. She takes the cup, and tosses it in someone’s face, or drinks it down.”
The pieces of broken pottery were slowly rolling to one side, collecting as some automated spell gathered them. Same with the water; it had begun to dry so fast Yvlon could see the puddle vanishing.
Without a word, she looked at Etrikah. The [Sage] waited, so Yvlon’s brows furrowed as she tried to work that one out.
“That would mean…the water, the world is for you? Or it’s useless.”
“Not bad. You do think. You just clearly don’t like to.”
Yvlon glared, and Etrikah snorted.
“You and Yisame must have gotten along. Prideful young women. You are right. To Vitte, to many in this new generation, the world is a joke. Good deeds don’t go rewarded. Great works collapse—so why care? You saw what she did to her sister.”
Yvlon slowly nodded. Even after all that had passed, and all the surprise good—it had been exceptionally cruel to Zirre to place her in danger, even if it would ‘only’ have been the feeling of being stabbed.
“That’s what she believes?”
The Great Sage looked tired.
“She and many. I think they laugh because they see what happened to Tottenval, the best of us. They pretend it did not affect them, but I truly believe it shattered parts of them, as much as I shattered that cup. He was our hero. Our shining star, and we are a few people, Yvlon Byres. When he died…it changed us all. That is the problem with people we love, who are good for this world.”
She looked at Yvlon, suddenly, and the [Armsmistress] saw something flicker in her gaze. She shifted, disturbed by all of this. These…were questions and conversations she had never talked about. She didn’t like thinking about them.
