8.59 H
Page 13
He based that not on the pure technique of the [Abbot]’s handling of the halberd; they were just testing feints, inviting a slash, seeing if Ksmvr could tell they were fake. The Antinium, with his keen insight for battle and experience as an adventurer—
Mostly based it on the fact that the [Abbot] had afterimages.
He was moving so fast from left to right that Ksmvr saw two Shureins, and multiple halberds seemed to be flickering through the air. But while Ksmvr had a Skill and mastery of the two blades—
Shurein was just fast. He came in, hard, fast, and low, his halberd angled so the blunt edge would hit Ksmvr if he struck. Such a frail old man—who was about to hit Ksmvr like—
Shurein stopped. He put up his blade, and then smiled widely. Nsiia blinked. She watched as Ksmvr put up his swords and ran out of the circle of onlookers. He hopped over three people, ran—three arms waving—a good hundred feet, then turned to see if Shurein was chasing him.
“Ksmvr! I thought you were going to fight!”
Nsiia shouted. There was laughter as Ksmvr shouted back.
“I am an adventurer! I do not take fights where I will die. Mostly.”
The [Abbot] chuckled as he put up his halberd.
“That is a wise opponent. I see why Loquea Dree favors him. A [Skirmisher] who picks his battles.”
Ksmvr came back. He regarded Shurein, then copied his bow and placed his palms together.
“You are a very mighty warrior, Abbot Shurein. I believe I begin to understand why Sottheim is feared. Your [Monks] were very good opponents as well.”
Each one had been quick, strong, and proficient with their weapons. Not as much as Ksmvr, but they had adapted to his three arms and style fast—before he bonked them on the head with one of his swords. Ksmvr eyed the five [Monks] who bowed to him.
“What level are they? How many battles have they been through?”
Shurein scratched at his chin. He looked at the [Monks].
“No battles. These five came to Sottheim after the King of Destruction’s slumber; there are only a few hundred who lived past the end of the war. As to their levels? None here are over Level 30. Isn’t that so?”
“No, Abbot.”
They replied as one. Ksmvr tilted his head.
“They are very good. Very…good.”
Nsiia snorted. Ksmvr glanced at her, then Shurein’s small smile. He frowned, putting his mandibles together.
“I am being laughed upon. Everyone knows something I do not. What is it?”
It was Leka Thri who flew down and stood next to Ksmvr. He bent over and murmured.
“Sottheim’s [Monks] are not known for their levels, Ksmvr. Not weapons. Their Skills. Each [Monk] you could face has the same ones. Regardless of level.”
Ksmvr’s head snapped up.
“How? Skills are random.”
“Not necessarily. [Monks] are a different class from many. [Mages] differ. [Monks] differ. Those who master a weapon experience Skills differently. You know this.”
Shurein returned. He gestured at the [Monks], who bowed again.
“Each one of Sottheim’s [Monks] follows our class. Our class does not gain in strength simply by achieving great deeds, but how we live. We have taken [Vows]. For instance, I have taken a [Vow of Poverty]. I will never carry or use money. Should I try, it may slip from my grasp. Or my class shall become endangered.”
Ksmvr’s antennae stubs were waving rapidly. He looked at Shurein.
“I have never heard of this.”
