8.59 H
Page 11
Sottheim was a vast monastery. Ksmvr had never seen it up close; it lay in a valley with only one outlet, a bit weathered, but in fine condition. Gardens of crops were neatly planted around it, and it seemed that war had not come to Sottheim—not even artillery from the Magic Throwers.
Scaied had never attacked, only contained. Ksmvr saw huge, flat grounds with odd indentations in them where [Monks] would sit and meditate. He also saw what looked like training grounds, and obviously a huge, sprawling complex made of stone with little-to-no ornamentation.
But the [Monks] left their home, possibly never to return, without a word. They lined up in neat rows, wearing only robes—or extremely corroded armor—and bearing simple weapons. They didn’t have a set weapon like all-halberds or so on. They simply carried what they had. And, in some cases, that was nothing, so the [Monks] were armed with their bare fists.
“I shall be glad of weaponry. Scaied would have exacted a toll I was unwilling to pay—yet. We shall take your simplest arms.”
“We have many, in spades from our foes, Abbot. I will tell our [Quartermasters] to arm your people well.”
Vasraf was assuring Shurein, who was very humble, clearly impressed by the shorter man. Ksmvr kept staring at the bare feet. As the [Wild General] hurried off to do just that, and expedite Tiqr’s packing—which was ironically slower than the [Monks]’—Ksmvr strode over.
“Excuse me. Abbot Shurein? I am Ksmvr, Gold-rank Adventurer and friendly Antinium. I am very pleased to make your acquaintance. As a conversational topic to begin with, I have an acquaintance who also runs about with bare feet. Hello.”
The [Abbot] glanced at him, turned, bowed with that odd greeting, and smiled.
“Hello, Ksmvr. I am glad you approached me. I believe we have much to talk about. Is your friend a [Monk], by any chance?”
Ksmvr thought about it.
“No. Simply odd. May I inquire about everything from your poorly-maintained weapons to eating habits to your bare feet and combat prowess without being rude? I believe you would appreciate such direct address.”
He clapped his mandibles happily together. Finally, someone who spoke straight!
The [Abbot]’s smile widened.
“I do indeed appreciate it. Forgive me if I am too abrupt. There are weeks I will go without speech; Sottheim needs little in the way of words, but I must remember the outside world loves speech and performance.”
Ksmvr nodded happily.
“They do. Little gifts. Compliments. Also, they frown upon eating wildlife. Some wildlife.”
Shurein actually laughed.
“They do. Rats are unacceptable. The same for insects in many countries. People spend a lot of time talking. They need not. To answer you directly, then, Ksmvr, I am a [Monk]. Although my exact class is [Abbot]—leader of monks. Do you know what a [Monk] is?”
Ksmvr tilted his head left and right.
“I have studied [Monks] in my comprehensive lexicon of all classes. The Antinium appraise them as [Warrior]-analogues with cultural Skills and background. There are few on Izril. We would not rate you highly as a threat. I would guess you use a staff and have hand-to-hand combat techniques if I did not see you holding a halberd.”
The Abbot was very pleased by this.
“Indeed? That is close to many [Monks]. There are other monasteries across the world, although it is true, I have heard Drakes make poor [Monks]. Perhaps that is simply bias. Regardless, Ksmvr, we are a class that tends to live in privation of some kind. We vow to strip elements out of our lives, that we might focus, meditate, train ourselves.”
“Like [Martial Artists]?”
