8.59 H
Page 34
Irurx’s eyes glittered with the academic challenge. The Siren of Savere nodded too, however surreal it was to be on the same wavelength as he. Idly, she placed a finger to her brow and began to cast a few spells. Then frowned.
“…There is a substantial bounty on an ice spell in conjunction with an Oteslian multi-part cure project. Posted by Khelt. The reward is in the tens of thousands of gold pieces.”
“Really?”
Ceria blinked. She sat up, and the Siren reached out. At the same time, so did the Great Sage of Nerrhavia’s Fallen.
Hands or paws, joining together, asking to be let in on a project backed across different continents. Strange experts from all walks of life.
A name.
Erin Solstice.
Just who was she? May you have time to find out. Almost, that was what they learned.
Almost. But for a missing piece here. Elegance lacking here. An ingredient, a spell unperfected.
It was so frustrating, and even with it all, it was just incomplete. Hovering on the boundary of being realized, and this was something that could not be left to chance.
Pieces like the [Princess] in Oteslia, pledged to find her daughter or die trying. Fate intertwined with Dragons.
A Goblin Chieftain hunted for kidnapping the great Healer of Tenbault. Guest of the Goblin [Witch].
The Grand Magus of Wistram, preparing to elevate himself to Archmage. Mindful of his promise—
To a young woman who was suffering from a panic attack while a [Popstar] paraded into the capital and a Wyrm gloated.
A half-Elf and a woman with metal arms far from home. An Ant and a Necro-lad on the run.
An angry Fraerling with a [Message] scroll and an army. Oh, and a bunch of Goblins, Antinium, and some weird others.
Even more. A Necromancer who made a mistake and watched a wall of his castle go screaming into the void. A silly little Gnoll with white fur trying not to throw up lobster through her nose.
An [Alchemist] who smiled, mindful of her promise.
The ghosts of Chandrar and an undead king.
More and more. Incomplete for all this talent. Pieces of a puzzle not completed.
Especially since something was missing. Something…one last piece that no one had penciled into the checklist.
It wasn’t her fault. She had been busy with being kidnapped. Reviving the dead was never something she had been taught.
Now, though, a [Doctor] dove deeper into the depths of her Mind. Taking a deal to save a life. She reached down and finally saw it.
 
——
 
“Oh.”
Geneva Scala whispered. In the Mind, she stopped and saw it. A glimpse on the edges of her understanding.
A final thread. She pulled at it, following it along its source. Straining for understanding. She would have taken longer, never grasped it, perhaps. But she was a mind among Minds. At last. She actually smiled. It was so simple when she realized it. That would work.
“That’s what I was missing.”
There it was. 
She found it at last.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: It’s hectic. Hectic, and I’m keeping these chapters short because I don’t have time to write more. But I will get one out on Christmas…or probably the day after for when you’ll actually see it.
I’m sure you’re all busy, actually. Who has time to read when there’s so much to do on this relaxing…lovely…holiday?
No matter which one it is?
Anyways, I hope you enjoyed this chapter. Look out for the Christmas one, and I thank you for reading. Patreons, we may announce something to people on Christmas. But maybe. It’s all chaos, so for now I will leave you to do other things.
Thanks for reading!
 
Riverfarm Battle by rinartstruggle!

 
Mrsha Heads by Kalmia!
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/kalmiayarn
