8.59 H
Page 16
“Yes. No idea why. And we’re not risking being counter-scried, but the gangs say she’s on the run. Moreover—we’re not going through Scaied with Roshal on our backs. The entire kingdom is mercenary; we’d have to fight through all of them. But if we go along that route—”
She traced a road heading east.
“Pomle. Why Pomle?”
Pisces wondered. He knew the reputation of that small place. Merr glanced at him.
“No one fucks with Pomle, that’s why. They’re not at home with [Slavers], and Roshal never bothers them. If there was anywhere to lay low and rest—I hear there are refugees from Tiqr there. Pomle. We can strike towards Savere or Nerrhavia—or even head north along Zeikhal towards Reim depending on what it looks like from there.”
The [Necromancer] thought, but he didn’t have a better answer. He frowned as Merr pointed out their route.
“We are not staying on the Glass Straits any longer? Why not? This…this is a populated road. We will run into travelers. Even caravans.”
“Yep. [Slavers] too, I bet.”
Pisces eyed her. He opened his mouth to point out the obvious—then looked over his shoulder. Merr followed his gaze.
She stared pointedly at the remnants of her [Bandits], who were fighting over enchanted weapons pulled from the chests. The freed [Slaves]—no.
The [Rebels]. Including Bearig, who were armed with the dead [Slavers]’ weapons. The [Cook] was trying on a helmet as Rophir tried to jam it over his head.
Hundreds of freed [Slaves]. Not just a band of dozens. Pisces looked at Merr. Her eyes were on the map.
“The Death of Chains hit countless caravans and freed [Slaves]. I’ve never thought of it this way. But Bearig? He put the idea in my ear. Roshal’s probably dragging them to Lailight Scintillation as fast as they can. So there are huge caravans with [Slaves] on these roads. We can’t beat them all. But every caravan has [Slaves] too. Besides…we can take them. Without losing many people.”
She looked back up, and Pisces’ head turned once more. He looked back—and this time into the glowing gaze of…
A Zombie. They stood in ranks, denuded of armor and weapons. Some swayed, others opened and closed their jaws.
Zombies. Ghouls. Even Skeletons with their exploding chest traps. A force of undead.
“Both’ll grow the more we fight.”
“You want an army.”
Merr shrugged.
“They way I look at it, necro-lad—”
“Don’t call me that.”
She slapped him on the shoulder.
“—Pisces my boy—is that we’re already being hunted. If they want to take us, we should make it as hard as possible. What do you say? Up for a good old-fashioned rampage?”
The [Necromancer] looked at Merr. He felt at his neck, glanced over his shoulder at the freed [Slaves] and undead. Pisces Jealnet’s eyes flickered. He stood up, slapped Merr on the shoulder, and swore and rubbed at his fragile [Mage]-hands as she laughed. But then he looked at Merr and bared his teeth.
“I thought you’d never ask.”
 
——
 
Plans were coming together. Intersecting. You had to play something by ear, but they were drawing to their perfect conclusion. Like a net. Like a tapestry. Like a spider’s web. There would be snags, complications…intersecting goals and dreams.
And yet. Yisame Beziin, Queen of Nerrhavia’s Fallen, Steward of the Sultanate of the Freed Cloths, Guardian of the Tyrant’s Grave, Threadchosen of the Kingdoms of Nerrha—that was the old name for Nerrhavia’s empire—Monarch of etc. etc…
Watched as a woman awkwardly signed the cardboard card with her silversteel left hand holding the quill. It wasn’t good penwomanship because she was using her wrong hand and she wasn’t used to autographs.
