8.59 H
Page 28
Perhaps that was why the [Sage] brought them up. For a moment, Etrikah sat there, then she clapped her paws, briskly.
“Enough. Let’s see those rings. And those scrolls. I can at least tell you if they’re activatable by reading, unrolling, or whatnot. I see two magical flows to those rings. One looks cursed—or malevolent. Maybe it just hurts something. The other’s beneficial.”
Yvlon blinked. She glanced down at her rings. One was a band of colorful stone—she even suspected jade—with a seam of some metal running like a deep blue river amidst it. The other? It looked…well, it was a ring, and solid, but it looked almost leathery. Or like scales—tiny scales—banded perhaps around a wooden core?
The Great Sage pointed at the scaled ring.
“Danger. The stone one’s beneficial.”
“You can tell that by looking?”
Etrikah tapped her glasses again.
“Intent. Like those scrolls. Neither one screams bursting at me—which suggests it’s a spell you must activate and read. Your [Martial Artist] friend, Mectail, can do much the same—but only with people. But you know how I can also tell one’s probably better than the other?”
“How?”
The Fox-woman produced a pair of tongs and lifted the scaled ring.
“This one’s made out of something that was alive. The other ring is jade, a friendly, protective, magical mineral. You figure out which one might be more hostile. Common sense. Although it is fascinating and worth you coming here. You see this scale-ring?”
“It looks like it was made of some kind of little creature’s hide.”
“Correct! And entirely wrong. That’s what they want you to think. But I suspect it’s a method old [Enchanters] based around high-monster regions used to employ. It’s just a theory, but you skin an entire Wyvern or some beast—then shrink their entire hide, wrap it around a ring, and you have all that power in one place. The question is—which hide? Hand me that magnifying glass. No, wait. Don’t touch it.”
She hopped over to investigate as Yvlon helplessly held the stupid bowl of water and copper rod. She glanced down at it, and even flexed the rod slightly. It didn’t break. Yvlon saw Etrikah glance back at her.
“Hm. Well, we’ll keep at it. I can’t cure what I don’t know, but I can recommend some generic cleansing spells and reagents. We could do worse than making you take a bath in purified water with soap and a few cleaning reagents. Put the bowl over there; we’re done with it.”
She casually nodded to a counter she’d cleared. Yvlon put the bowl down—
“Not there. To the left, the left.”
The Fox-woman was persnickety about organization. Yvlon shoved it left slightly, got a nod, and walked back over to sit down.
“Can I, ah, help in any way?”
“Yes. By not touching anything. Perhaps describe to me what this [Necromancer]’s lair was like. Who had the rings? Adventurers? What species? What were they wearing? Context clues. And do you know…who they were?”
Yvlon blinked.
“The Dullahan woman did say she was part of a team, but I had no idea—”
Etrikah whirled around.
“You met the adventurer who slew this [Necromancer]?”
“The Putrid One. Yes, and his servant told us his name. But we had no idea who they were. I remember the [Paladin]’s name and group if that helps. The Radiance of Canopies. A Balerosian team.”
The [Sage] pinched at the bridge of her snout.
