8.59 H
Page 22
“No. Enjoyable to be around when she is working. I would rather not have something thrown at my head if I interrupt her. You must go to her now if you want your relics appraised; she is not sure if she can tell what they do even now, and she will not head on the road with you for any favors. [Servant]! Take Miss Yvlon to the Great Sage at once! I will see you later.”
That was how Yvlon Byres found herself walking through the corridors of the palace, eyed by other dignitaries and [Servants]. Many people wanted a word, but a line of [Palace Guards] kept them at bay, marching Yvlon along like she was a valuable dignitary. Like she was the best friend of the [Queen] or something.
The Great Sage of Nerrhavia’s Fallen was waiting for her. Yvlon stared up as a figure paced down the hallway.
“Yvlon Byres. So Her Majesty hath not forgotten our promise. It is well done.”
Even the other nobles and socialites stopped respectfully at the booming, deep voice. They looked up at a non-Stitch-folk member of the palace—but no wonder that they had risen to such acclaim.
This Garuda was a [Sage]. A class Yvlon had never personally encountered before. Yet this was a Garuda far different from Bevussa or anyone else.
They were nine feet tall. A vast, curved beak and piercing eyes gazed down at her from behind a hooded robe—which trailed across the ground. Some serpentine fabric with such a long tail that everyone near the Great Sage had to walk carefully, even twenty feet behind them.
This was the kind of legendary [Sage] that would fit even among the ranks of the dead stories of Chandrar. Yvlon gulped as the figure bent slightly. She was surprised to hear a female voice, albeit echoing and grand.
“Come in, Adventurer Byres.”
The [Palace Guard] bowed respectfully as the [Sage] raised an arm, and the robe moved aside like a curtain to expose a doorway made of some kind of magnificent, rosey wood, inlaid with arcane gems and sigils. Yvlon Byres bowed and entered.
[Sage]. No [Alchemist]. No [Scholar], and no [Mage], but a combination of all three and more. The wise class of those who learn all things. She half-turned as she walked into a surprisingly comfortable waiting room with a very small chair—meant for someone Yvlon’s size, a dressing mirror—no sign of a giant perch or chair for a nine-foot-tall Garuda. Multiple work-rooms, including a library, a laboratory, a mage’s workshop, and more splintered off from this room in an open-wall design, no hallways or walls to clutter someone moving around.
“Excuse me, Great Sage. Her Majesty didn’t inform me of your name. I hope I’m not troubling—”
Yvlon turned and saw a dead stare. She jumped back as the giant Garuda in those magnificent robes…stood there.
Limp, unmoving, that piercing gaze suddenly blank. Yvlon Byres didn’t think they were dead. But that look. What was going…?
“Hah. There we go. One second.”
Then something rustled, and the Garuda’s chest under the robes bulged. Yvlon leapt backwards with an oath as a furry face with two fox ears poked out of the robes.
A Fox Beastkin woman hopped out of the giant puppet and rubbed at her back. She stomped over to a chair and threw herself into it. Then she gestured.
“Sit down, sit down. We’re out of the public. Let’s get to work. Stop staring your eyes out; half the Court of Silks knows I’m a fox. The other half is too stupid, so it works out. Appearances must and all that. Yisame didn’t tell you? She was probably too busy sniffing your feet or something disgusting.”
