8.59 H
Page 2
Then she stopped as the song ended, breathing hard, sweat beaded on her brow. Her hair was a light purple, waving after her every time she tossed her head. Under her hat, it was piled up, but now she took the hat off, skimmed it into the crowd—someone did a flying leap and caught it—and shook her hair out.
Her eyes glinted as she grabbed one of her props. Ryoka kept staring as Cara raised the microphone to her mouth. It was actually enchanted. The painted piece of wood magnified her voice.
“Ladies and gentlemen! Lovely people of Ailendamus and my shining stars—it is my honor to come to the Kingdom of Glass and Glory! I am Cara, known as the Singer of Terandria.”
She stopped, because the roar of delighted voices nearly drowned out all hearing. Young women and men, from [Servants] to commonfolk to—Ryoka noticed—some of the nobility, were crowding closer, blocked off by big security guard-types.
…Big, but not necessarily tall. A young man waving an autograph slip tried to jump at Cara and was checked at groin-height by a Dwarf’s arm. Half the shoving crowd—the male half—took one look at the Dwarf and the curled up ball of pain and decided to try and push past the other guards instead.
Cara went on, seemingly oblivious to that, but also looking around, meeting all eyes. She bowed low, in a stylistic bow like a [Courtier], one arm held wide. Ryoka started—
And realized Cara was staring straight at Queen Oiena. The [Queen], who was coincidentally standing right next to Ryoka Griffin.
“Your Majesty, it is my honor to stand in your presence. I hope I will not disturb the peace as I perform for the next two weeks across the capital. It has been a week beyond compare, touring through Ailendamus’ rich lands and happy people!”
Queen Oiena smiled and raised one hand, but didn’t speak. Cara’s words seemed perfectly calculated to gain the approval of even the people frowning at this singing raccoon with painted lips and dyed hair.
With a twinkle in her eyes, Cara stepped back and tapped her head with the microphone, like it was a wand.
A shimmer of what looked like someone’s idea of fairy dust, instead of the real thing—which was probably pepper spray if Ryoka knew Ivolethe—drifted down around her. Her clothing shimmered—then the suit turned into a long, flowing dress very much in the ruffles and layered ballgown style.
Cara wore the light green and rich purples of Ailendamus’ national colors. She took a deep breath—and, suddenly, the impish cheer in her face was gone. She was, in a second, no longer the cheerful, humble performer, but a dignified [Singer].
“It is now my pleasure to conclude our opening performance with an ode to Ailendamus, great kingdom of the world! I shall now, with all due respect, sing the national anthem.”
Her band struck up a subdued performance of trumpets and woodworks. Ryoka’s lips moved as Cara, straight-faced, looked up as a spotlight trained on her.
“Oh no. The anthem?”
Queen Oiena murmured. Even some of the guests who’d heard it multiple times hesitated. Because the anthem, glorious, fitting to Ailendamus—
Didn’t exactly fit with, uh…it was…
It was patriotic.
Yet Cara O’Sullivan began the first lyrics straight-faced, singing loud and clear and amazingly—Oiena’s jaw dropped next to Ryoka’s—
Sincerely.
“Let the lance-arrows fall from Ailendamus walls and guard the Kingdom of Glass and Glory/Until my dying breath, from sea to glorious sea—Ailendamus, the only Kingdom of Terandria for me~”
