8.59 H
Page 6
Only then did Omusc and a [Rogue] glance around and see the little mirror of ice reflecting the cards on the lip of the wagon. It melted as Omusc whistled. She leaned over the edge of the wagon.
“Hey! Get the gambling bitches up here! You know them! All the cheating bastards. We’re playing a high-level game!”
Savere’s army reformed as [Conwomen], card sharks with various high-level classes, [Gamblers], and so on walked out of the crowd. The kind of people who no one was willing to play with for money. Or even peanuts.
Of course, the rules were that if you got caught, you got the shit kicked out of you. But that was the fun. Savere moved with raucous laughter, chaos, and a rapidly-diminishing snack pool. The Siren fumed, but she looked ahead.
Nsiia. Nsiia and…well. Ceria’s friends. Not that Revine was a fool, but Ceria was amazingly practical, and the half-Elf was changed for all she had not. She aimed for Nsiia; Ceria’s team was secondary, but they’d meet if the Siren found Nsiia. As for what came next?
They’d negotiate when it came to that. After all—the Siren had an army.
 
——
 
The procession that left Tyrant’s Rest was the stuff of stories. One of Nerrhavia’s Grand Armies was forming, and that meant days of celebration.
Each city they traversed along the wide, well-kept, Djinni-maintained roads would throw open their gates and celebrate the passing of one of Nerrhavia’s greatest hordes.
Stitch-folk marched to the cheers of hundreds of thousands of admirers. Even the Hemp got their day in the sun, wearing burnished armor and bearing proud spears under the flag of Nerrhavia’s Fallen.
It was not just patriotism; the riders on the chariots would toss coins, and trinkets from the capital would be given out. Food would be placed along the procession-ways, and it was like a festival.
Not that all of it gathered from Tyrant’s Rest alone, of course. A muster for a Grand Army meant that each city that was contributing a contingent to the army would have this kind of procession—speeches—and march to link up with the main horde.
It was masterful organization, even if you disagreed with the rest of it. Nerrhavia could raise many armies in this way, as they only drew from the garrisons or waiting soldiers of multiple cities lightly to form a giant force. Indeed, as the army passed by each city, it would do an incredible amount of business. Also, leave quite a lot of babies—broken stalls and furniture from fights—and a certain amount of chaos in its wake.
Nevertheless. It had begun. Ironically, at this moment, the very two people this Grand Army was meant to escort were not…with…the procession riding through the first city on their route.
General Thelican of Nerrhavia’s Fallen, appointed to this great task by the [Queen] herself, had set out on the day it had been announced. That was because an army—even an army boosted by multiple Skills marching down a paved road—was slower than those on horseback.
“[We March Under Friendly Skies]!”
“[Swift Infantry]!”
“[Maintain the Pace]!”
Multiple [Strategists] and experts in the simple art of getting to one place quickly—[March Commanders]—were hastening his army’s progress. Thelican rode, an arm raised as the people gazed up at one of the greatest figures in their kingdom with awe.
Internally, he was less sanguine. He was returning to Tiqr, which had not been a pleasant campaign in the least. Mind you, the elephants were dead…which was good, because the veterans of that campaign might well break and flee rather than fight a thousand rampaging Grand Elephants again, Nerrhavia Fallen’s honor or no.
