8.59 H
Page 31
“[Condition – Plaguesteel]! It’s in my head. It was in my—”
She began scrubbing furiously. The Skill—no, the Condition—was burning in her head, but she felt it receding as she scrubbed at her arms. It was turning…
Blue?
[Condition – Plaguesteel (Minor) Removed!]
Yisame inhaled. Etrikah nodded as Yvlon kept scrubbing, determined to leave nothing to chance.
“You did it so quickly, Etrikah. You are the Great Sage of Nerrhavia’s Fallen, truly.”
The Fox-woman eyed Yisame, and then tried to kick her in the shins. The [Queen] retreated.
“You fool. Treating it was never the hard part. It was catching it. I need you to think, Yvlon. How many people did you touch? How many pieces of metal did you touch? How many arenas…oh, dead gods. That fool, Thelican, shook your hand.”
Yisame went pale. Etrikah looked up. A Grand Army was on the move. Filled with metal objects. And Thelican?
 
——
 
The [General] was singing one of his famous patter-songs as he set down a golden cup. It was instantly whisked away by one of the [Servants] as he enjoyed a banquet in his honor in the second city. His aides were with him—except for the ones who had to coordinate the army bedding down, supply issues.
Normally it wasn’t hard, but [Soldiers] were complaining about shoddy tent poles and no less than fifteen axles had broken down in the chariots. The [Smiths] had clearly been mixing poor metal. They’d have to be taken to account.
Everything of lesser metal was in trouble. For now. The carrier was cured, but the rest of Nerrhavia’s Fallen?
Thelican’s touch would be dangerous for about three more hours. After which, now that the originating source was gone, the Plaguesteel creations would be unable to be rapidly spawned, and even these were smaller and weaker than that which Yvlon Byres touched. It was not her fault that Thelican liked to inspect chariots by touch or clap men and women in armor on the shoulders.
It was just insects. Metal insects that ate metal. Reproducing as fast as insects did. Tolveilouka Ve’delina Mer would have readily admitted it wasn’t his best work. Just a parting gift.
It was only a bit of trouble.
 
——
 
“Fold.”
“Fold.”
“Call and raise two silvers.”
“Go fuck yourself. Fold.”
“Call.”
Cards were tossed into the center of the pool and coins were put in. The circle kept changing as people were kicked out or decided they’d lost too much. The circle paused…and someone coughed, but no one quite dared interrupt the half-Elf lost in thought.
Not Ceria. Omusc was happy enough to elbow her, but not Alchemist Irurx.
He was lost in thought, staring off into the distance. After a few seconds, Ceria coughed.
“Irurx? You in or out?”
He looked blankly at her, then tossed in three spell-cards, a winning hand or good enough.
“I…thought I felt something calling to me.”
That was his only explanation. The [Gamblers] looked at each other, then went back to playing. Ceria Springwalker raised her brows, but the Alchemist just shrugged.
“Perhaps this will be more enticing than I thought. You were telling us about the Village of the Dead?”
There was a reason he had ordered his ship to sail up one of Savere’s rivers. It could not follow them far, but he was accompanying the Siren for a while. And Ceria. His presence…bothered many, but Ceria had shown the others he could be a perfectly pleasant guest. The fact that she knew what lay below Shifthold’s decks did not change her assessment that he was a useful ally. A good [Alchemist] was always helpful.
Besides, if worst came to worst? Shifthold obeyed no powers, not even Roshal, if it didn’t want to.
And Irurx had a ship.
