8.59 H
Page 18
Yvlon’s head snapped up. She blinked. Then her eyes widened.
“You know the original Horns of Hammerad too?”
Yisame breathed. She spoke faster.
“Of course. Once I looked into the Horns, I had to learn about them. The original team as formed by Calruz of the Beriad—I knew it had to be related to the House of Minos in some way, but I assumed one of you had been granted the right to use the name by the Minotaur King.”
“Oh, no. I—the Minotaur King?”
Yisame lifted her cup and drank. She began chatting, out of sheer nerves.
“The Minotaur King would grant you the right to use Hammerad’s name, as one of Minos’ regions. This Calruz—your previous Captain—must have been one of Minos’ citizens privileged enough to exit to the outside world. But—”
She bit her tongue.
“—He is currently imprisoned in Liscor. Sick silkworms, I am so sorry to bring—and your team, the Silver Spears—I apologize. I was only—”
She turned beet red. She’d done it. Mentioned the worst thing Yvlon Byres didn’t want to hear.
But rather than grow angry—Yvlon was just looking at Yisame.
“You…you do know about us. That’s incredible. Do you know my teammates’ names…?”
Yisame’s heart leapt. She closed her eyes, then used a Skill. [Re-read the Passage].
“Veronika, Dalia, Samite, and…Maisé. That’s all the entry said.”
Yvlon Byres sat back, eyes wide. An expression of pain flickered across her face, and Yisame’s heart sank. But then she nodded. She looked at Yisame and…smiled. She took a deep gulp of wine as she realized who Yisame was.
The Horns of Hammerad’s first, true, non-related fan. Someone who had never met them, but a fan. A fan who wanted autographs, who knew their story—at least, the accessible bits.
And who was definitely going to save that drinking cup. Yvlon took another deep sip and so did Yisame, in relief. They had completely forgotten they were not being served water, but wine.
 
——
 
Forty minutes later, Yisame was sitting on a couch next to Yvlon as the [Servant] came in and refilled the wine decanter and brought a lunch. The [Queen] leaned over as the [Servant] left.
“So you and Pisces truly aren’t, ah, romantic in any way…”
Yvlon half-recoiled.
“Pisces? Please. Never. I really do respect him. I hold him in high esteem, even if he gets on my nerves, truly—but as a partner? Never.”
“I knew it. I knew it, but some people think you and he—I am going to tell that goat-faced harridin—you wouldn’t mind putting out some kind of statement? Some kind of…”
Yvlon reached for the cup of wine.
“I’d make an announcement and post it in every Adventurer’s Guild.”
“Done! Send for my [Scribes]!”
Yisame half-rose, and Yvlon tugged her back. A [Servant] poked their head in and saw the two women, slightly red in the cheeks, laughing and arguing.
The [Queen] had made a friend. At first it had been terribly awkward, but when she proved she knew Yvlon’s story, wanted to hear the rest—the woman had begun to relax.
The wine definitely helped. But what also helped was Yisame’s confession. Yvlon looked at her as the door closed once more.
“So you’re really a [Reader]?”
“Books. I love them. It’s all so…adventurous. The world beyond the castle.”
“Is it? It’s a lot of dirt and grime and…”
“I know that. But you get—surely there are moments where you feel like you’ve done something else no one has. Triumph?”
Yvlon thought of Albez, of emerging with the treasure, of realizing they were alive and the Adult Creler dead, and of becoming a Gold-rank adventurer.
“Sometimes. Sometimes it’s terrible, but yes, sometimes.”
The [Queen] sighed.
“I long for that. I never wanted to be a [Queen], you know.”
