8.59 H
Page 15
“You truly believe you will convert that many people, then, Abbot Shurein? I admit, your monastery is very impressive. I wish you success and hope for your aid and our good companionship on our journey. Perhaps you may tell me more about your class later.”
They were moving out. Where to next? Nsiia had another destination, and now her army had a vanguard as powerful as any Grand Elephant. Shurein glanced at Ksmvr and bowed slightly.
“This is well. But I believe you make one mistake. I apologize for teasing you, Ksmvr of Chandrar. I did not take a vow against humor. So I shall clear it up. Recruits? We do not rely on that, for that is a dangerous thing to trust the future of our monastery to. Sottheim will grow faster than most monasteries.”
Ksmvr hesitated.
“…Why?”
Shurein pursed his lips. Then his eyes twinkled. He whispered to Ksmvr.
“Because, Ksmvr. We do not take vows of celibacy.”
The [Skirmisher] stared at Shurein. He looked around. His mandibles opened.
“Ew. Is that why you joined Nsiia’s army?”
The [Monks] were talking with the Tiqr [Soldiers]. Who were flirting. Ksmvr stared about. A [Monk] helping load a wagon. Was that flirting? Foreplay? How would you know? Was one of them talking and offering a drink from a water bottle flirting? Was kissing a [Soldier]—no, wait, that was definitely flirting.
He’d better be careful. Ksmvr wished he had the manual on reproduction that Belgrade and the others had helped him write. He turned to Shurein, but the [Abbot] was calm again.
“No, not for that. We joined Tiqr because Sottheim must be tested. Because I believe in Tiqr as a nation. That is selfish…but Sottheim does not court war with no chance at victory.”
He was serious again, and Ksmvr went still.
“Then you truly believe this war can be won?”
Shurein looked at him. The [Abbot] nodded and cast his gaze skywards.
“I do not know why Khelt intervened. My decision is my own, and the Empress of Beasts seems to be seeking out allies of Reim. That is one thing. But I have sources that have little to do with politics or current events. I believe Tiqr’s allies remain. And they are coming.”
He looked at Ksmvr. The Antinium looked around.
“Who…?”
The [Abbot] gave him a mysterious smile and walked off. Ksmvr followed him.
“No, who is it? Please stop smiling. Is it a secret? Who…?”
They were on the march without an answer before Ksmvr thought to ask where they were going. The Empress of Beasts answered him curtly.
“I know you seek your friends, Ksmvr, but Scaied will not let this go lightly. Nor can we wait with Illivere on our backs. They will not attack with Sottheim joining us—not lightly. However, I have word that Savere is marching on us from the south, and Nerrhavia stirs. I must find my people and retreat to the Kilalle Steppes. From there, we may conduct a longer war and locate your friends. First though, the last ally who might stand with us.”
“Which is where?”
Ksmvr saw Nsiia point northeast. Her eyes glittered.
“Word comes to me of a place where my people gather. Where a foe stands against even the great nation of Stitch-people. We march to Pomle.”
 
——
 
“Pomle. Truly? Not Savere?”
Pisces lowered his water flask. The water was sweet, drawn from some exceptionally clean well and purified further. Nothing like the gritty, brackish water of most desert wells.
Merr met his gaze stolidly.
“Pomle. Savere’s almost as close, but I hear Scaied’s all riled up with this damned Empress of Beasts.”
“Ah. The deposed ruler?”
Merr shrugged.
