8.59 H
Page 4
It was then sautéed in Ferfish oil, a plentiful oil that tasted a bit nutty when you fed the fish…nuts…in the fisheries. Ceria had eaten eight. Revine eyed her as the Ice Squirrel chomped down on more, reaching for a processed, little fish cake that was also enjoyed as a snack.
“I…don’t get it.”
Revine Zecrew glared. She pointed at the scrying orb.
“Her! Her! Don’t you see?”
Ceria eyed the Singer of Terandria.
“…Is it the hat?”
“No! Don’t you know what she calls herself?”
“The Singer of Terandria?”
Revine was practically frothing at the mouth.
“The Siren of Songs! She took my name! Half the Mage’s Guilds ask if I am referring to the Siren of Songs rather than the Siren of Savere! I have had that title for—and she took it and she is claiming it! It isn’t even her main title!”
The palanquin, which was gold and styled with Savere’s heraldry, was really comfortable. Plush, silk pillows, a place to recline and cast magic from—
And it was enchanted against arrows and a lot of hostile spells. It wasn’t just a fancy conveyance; any chance ambush would quickly realize Revine could sit in it and blast you to bits with water while her army chopped you up.
Her army, incidentally, got to ride or march around it. [Rogues] and [Bandits] stared up enviously at the two riding along. The wave of water supported the massive vehicle and seamlessly carried them forwards.
Ceria chewed down her bite.
“I think I get it. Huh.”
Revine stared at her.
“You don’t share my opinion?”
“I don’t think she meant to anger you, Revine. Frankly—and I know this is going to sting—I don’t think she knows you exist.”
The Siren twitched. Ceria glanced up, fingers frozen on a pink fish cake.
“Uh—I only mean that in the sense of—”
For once her enhanced intelligence let her down. Because what Ceria saw and instantly placed in the camp of ‘Kevin-weirdness’ or ‘Erin-phenomena’…had made her forget her audience. Revine inhaled and spoke one trembling word.
“Out.”
 
——
 
Omusc, riding on a wagon and playing cards as she felt at her regrowing flesh, heard a whump, a shout—she turned her head in time to see a half-Elf go flying as a jet of water hit her. She flew like a screaming brick and landed flat on her back with a thump. Omusc saw Ceria stare up at the sky, then, dazedly, up at her as the [Pillager] rolled by. One of the [Bandits] eyed her.
“…You sure that’s the same person who wasted two dozen [Pirates] and [Raiders] last night?”
Omusc carefully stole a card from the top of the deck and hid her bad card in her armpit as she went to scratch it.
“Believe it. Someone haul her up. And hide the snacks. She’ll eat every fucking thing.”
 
——
 
They were moving. Savere’s ‘Army of Waves’ had returned to the capital—just long enough to see off some [Pirates]. They’d had to leave a garrison, but the port had been cleared.
Most importantly? The ships were out of the port. The Bloodtear Pirates had left. Not as cheerfully since they did leave, but with more rueful shrugs than gnashing of teeth.
They’d made a play and failed. They hadn’t paid much in blood, and they had still gotten to wipe out most of a land-gang. There had still been sixteen full crews—but with five at sea, the army inbound, the [Pirate Captains] had taken a look at Ceria and the Siren—
And the Alchemist, Irurx, who dined with the two the next day.
They came to a reluctant conclusion and shipped off. No fuss, no drama.
 
——
 
“You made an enemy of Ereiyne. She won’t forget that.”
