8.59 H
Page 25
She returned to her armchair, which she’d moved far back from Yvlon, and sat down with her last important object—Yvlon eyed it.
“Uh. What is…?”
“Soican pig sausage caponata. I’m hungry. This might take a while. I’d offer you something, but I don’t really feel like ruining my silverware.”
The Fox Beastkin began to eat. Yvlon stared at her and saw her bushy tail waving idly back and forth. Etrikah glanced up at her, and the pair of half-moon spectacles she’d put on glinted.
Her entire set of rooms alternated between insane glassworks and the propensity for bubbling vats of alchemical or magical rituals and someone’s living room. She had pictures on the walls next to esoteric spellbooks. And—Yvlon glanced around—a huge, life-sized statue of an impressive Fox-man holding a staff blooming with vines and…
The woman slowed, sat up, and looked at him. He was walking amid growing flowers and other plants as he seemed to be tossing something from one paw. His clothes were not magnificent; they looked like casual traveler’s clothes, yet this was a statue, so whoever had once carved it had made him look half-princely. His eyes were bright, and though the statue was simply marble, Yvlon imagined his hair might be shining…
“Black. He had black fur. The faintest blue and white on the tips of his tail and paws. Handsome as you could imagine.”
Etrikah followed Yvlon’s gaze. The [Armsmistress] swung back to her.
“Is that—Tottenval? The Blooming Plague?”
The [Sage] stopped eating. She looked up.
“Yes. Never seen a statue of him before, have you?”
“No. Not even a picture.”
The woman went back to eating.
“It figures. The King’s Seven were never much beloved after his slumber, and Tottenval didn’t inspire the mind like Mars or Amerys. You understand, he means far more to his people. Before you leave Chandrar, try to find one of Tottenval’s Gardens. There are some in Nerrhavia still. Plants he created to live in arid climates and give food for the hungry. That is legacy and wisdom.”
“Did you…know him?”
Etrikah glanced up. She regarded Yvlon—then threw a piece of sausage at her.
Some of the water slopped out of the bowl as Yvlon ducked it. Etrikah glared.
“Did I know him? It was twenty years ago that Flos Reimarch went into his slumber! How old do I look? Of course I knew him! Children. Do you know how many little yipping cubs ask me that question? You young people have no perception of time. There are people—who aren’t even half-Elves—who lived through the Necromancer’s execution and remember Perril Chandler, the respected Archmage of Death. Not just that uppity half-Elf on the scrying orb.”
She glowered, then glanced at Yvlon’s bowl. Yvlon looked down too; the water was clear and the two rods were staying still.
“Should something be happening?”
The Fox-woman shrugged.
“Perhaps. I have no time frame for how long your effect lasts. Hold onto the copper rod. Just touch the silver one—yep. Now, don’t touch it. Leave them in the mixture, there. We’ll just talk.”
Yvlon obediently held onto the copper bar as Etrikah sighed.
“We’ll spend…thirty minutes waiting for a reaction, then I will try to appraise whatever those rings and scrolls are. But if they are Relics, I doubt I can do much.”
“I know a good [Enchanter] in Invrisil. It’s not essential.”
“Mm. And you won’t put them on until then, will you? Good girl. You have some sense. The rest of my people would try them on just to see what happened if they didn’t think they could get them appraised within a week. Senseless, the lot of them.”
“So Fox Beastkin are common in Nerrhavia’s Fallen?”
