8.59 H
Page 9
Withered? Thin? He was a Stitch-Man, but his thread was clearly in decay, and his skin had the look of a raisin or something left out for a long time. He was very thin—all the [Monks] were—but not necessarily malnourished. Just…no fat whatsoever.
They had been under siege for nearly a year, yet Ksmvr didn’t see signs of extreme starvation. Perhaps these were the best fed?
Yet…that wasn’t what was interesting. Ksmvr eyed the man’s sun-darkened skin. His bald head. Then his bare feet, standing in the baking sand that was so deadly Ksmvr had to wear a huge hat and enchanted cloak.
Not only that—he had a huge halberd he’d planted in the sand. It was practically covered in rust, and Ksmvr suspected that if you removed the rust, you removed the blade itself. It was so thin and worn that he was amazed the wind wasn’t snapping it.
Same for the old, old wood haft. The other [Monks] behind the [Abbot] bore weapons just as old. A bowstring that looked like it might snap with every shot, a shield with two holes visible through the rust…
The [Monks] of Sottheim did not have good equipment. Yet Tiqr’s warriors looked at them with great respect.
Ksmvr…also felt something. Which was a sense that if he drew his swords and charged them—he would regret it. The [Monks] might be thin, underequipped, and had been contained by Scaied for months, but there was a reason the Kingdom of Scorpions hadn’t just wiped them out.
They were dangerous. So not withered, Ksmvr decided.
Tough. They felt tough, and the [Abbot]’s callused hands were that of a warrior. He placed them together now and bowed before Nsiia.
“Empress, this day is mildly astonishing. You, we expected. That Revenant? No. For a moment, I thought none other than Amerys had returned—but I forget myself. I am chatty, after so many months of silence. I accept Tiqr’s graciousness gladly. Let us speak and sit. Outside Sottheim; we have little left within. Another four months, and we would have sallied out for lack of food. I would have regretted the slaughter.”
Whose slaughter? Ksmvr saw the [Abbot] glance at him and felt a keen presence behind those mild eyes. He saw the other [Monks] bow and walk forwards.
“Let us break bread, then. Abbot, first I must introduce you to a great ally of mine. He who rescued me in bondage. A Gold-rank Adventurer. Ksmvr of the Horns of Hammerad. You know my [Wild General], Vasraf. This is Seelaw Ya, First of Judgment of the Loquea Dree tribe, and Leka Thri. Rémi Canada, a [Journalist], stands yonder, to record all that passes. Lastly, Domehead and Yinah, two young companions.”
The [Abbot] looked from astonishing person to astonishing person, a completely odd assortment of people. All he did was raise his brows.
“Interesting. First of Judgment, two of the King of Destruction’s old vassals meet. This is a fascinating day.”
He bowed, politely, as the tall crow-Garuda greeted him. Ksmvr was impressed. He didn’t think the [Abbot] was hiding surprise.
The [Monks] were setting up with some old rugs and coverings with Vasraf’s people, making a tiny enclosure with a canopy so they could rest and talk. They offered their food as Vasraf ordered the best foodstuffs brought out. Ksmvr stared at the [Monks]’ contribution to the pile.
“Is that all you have left?”
Even Rémi Canada was astonished. He stared at a bag of clearly-aged grain, some Yellats—more vegetables that looked relatively recent, but enough to feed…about six Cerias.
