8.60
Page 23
“Because she broke the Assassin’s Guild in two and held Tyrion Veltras and his army back from Liscor. She is the world’s finest chess player, and Antinium and Goblins consider her a friend. She is the best at something. That is something no one here can boast lightly. Not even the ageless.”
She looked around, daring the Lucifen or Agelum to claim they were the finest in the entire world at…what? Being old? Magic? Breadth of knowledge? She knew a Dragon who had a far better claim than any of them to that.
She saw flashes of red ire from the Lucifen. Wide grins on the Agelum’s faces as they watched the Wind Runner rile their cousins up. Visophecin dipped his head to Ryoka with a slight smile.
“Well said. Although Lady Fithea could lay claim to expertise in earth magic.”
“Only in this world. Only…”
The Dryad’s murmur was background. Ryoka looked around. She was trying, oh, so very hard…
Not to cry. Not in front of them all. Half might care, but the other half would just quietly smile, delighted by her suffering.
Nor in front of Rhisveri, who wouldn’t care. Ryoka Griffin spread her hands helplessly. She was out of words. Only the burning desire. How did she describe that?
No. They knew. Each and every one of them here. Even Rhisveri.
They knew what it was like.
To want someone back.
That was why, across the world, it was not difficult to explain. Oh, immensely difficult, impossible to explain her with mere words.
But not that. Not needing someone. Ryoka Griffin had her explanation at last.
“I want her back. There are other people I want back. So many…but it’s impossible.”
Or if it is—just one—
She pushed the scroll out of her mind. Because that was the point. Ryoka looked around. Visophecin, Gadrea, Fithea, Gilaw…
They understood. The Wind Runner took in a shuddering breath.
“If it were possible? So many. The difference is—Erin—there’s a chance. It’s so slim, but it’s there. What would you do for a chance?”
Ah. They exhaled slowly. That, they understood. Ryoka closed her eyes.
If death were something you could fight—they would all, every living person, make such war as was never dreamt of before or since. But you couldn’t.
This was the lone battle. For one person she loved. Her friend.
She was not dead yet.
 
——
 
All the pieces were falling into place. 
Yet something was missing.
Someone did not grieve, for she had never seen the person named Erin Solstice. Though she owed her a grave debt.
However, she fought for that chance like she would for anyone else. It all was so close. So close—
But there was something else.
So Geneva Scala fell. Into the depths of the Mind.
It was a void into which a hundred thousand different scenes repeated themselves. She could look around and ‘see’ it.
Geneva Scala stood over a dead young woman. The features kept changing because she didn’t know them. Skin tone, height, weight—but always a young woman.
Skin frosted over. Or completely ice.
Crossbow bolts sticking out of her chest—sides—barbed, poison still dripping from the tips as she removed them, or enchanted.
A hundred thousand Genevas worked. With a team or alone, with magic or Skills. Casting spells she had no access to in life, pausing time, walking about. Fighting…
She was grateful. The [Doctor] was so grateful despite it all, for the Mind.
Because this would have been a lesson learned on the bodies of countless patients in the real world. She would have had only theory there.
Here? She saw the effects of each spell. Saw her failures repeated without consequence.
