8.60
Page 13
Relc Grasstongue looked up at Klbkch’s back. His eyes flickered.
“Brave kids. Heroes and bastards. Miracles and chance. A lot of dying.”
“Yes.”
They came to the front door. Relc hesitated. He craned his neck back and pointed.
“There it is.”
Klbkch nodded. He had seen it too. Hanging right under the name of the inn. And a sign hammered into the ground with the original lettering peeling slightly, but perfectly legible.
“Do you know where all the Goblins went? I expected the inn to be crowded, even without Erin.”
Relc started. He looked at Klbkch and slapped his forehead.
“Ancestors, Klb! You don’t know about Mrsha? I heard on the way back. Not about Mrsha or…?”
“I know about the Horns of Hammerad. Is that what you are referring to?”
“Dead gods. No. It’s—”
Relc hesitated. His voice trailed off as he raised a claw and curled it into a fist. He looked at Klbkch and then knocked. The Revalantor went still. The two waited.
“She’s not there.”
“Of course not. It would be silly t—I hear footsteps.”
The two stared at each other. Then Relc put one earhole to the door. He looked at Klbkch. Wordlessly, the Antinium stepped back. The two held their breaths and stared at the door.
The Wandering Inn’s front door opened slowly. Both Drake and Antinium stared at the figure in the shadowed hallway, holding their breath. Three hearts beat rapidly. It couldn’t be. But just maybe. Mayb—
“Guardsman Relc? Guardsman Klbkch? It’s you.”
Ishkr stood in the doorway. Relc exhaled in a rush, and Klbkch nodded.
“Ah. Ishkr. I hope we are not intruding?”
The Gnoll [Head Server] looked at the two. Then he smiled.
“Not at all. Would you like to come in?”
“Ah…no. No, we both just got back and…”
The inn was dark behind Ishkr. Relc looked at Klbkch.
“Erin’s not here, so…”
“She’s here.”
Klbkch murmured. Relc stopped. He stared ahead, down that long hallway. His voice lowered, and his hand grasped onto his spear tightly.
“…Yeah. Of course she is.”
The two lingered for a while, but then stepped through the entryway. The floorboards didn’t squeak like the old inn, and there was no dust because someone still kept them clean.
The [Grand Theater] was very big, and very dark, with only sunlight. It was echoingly haunted. Relc looked around the front of the common room, and it felt familiar. The bar and layout had changed slightly, and far more had been added.
He saw Lyonette’s work schedule pinned to one wall, an actual menu hanging up, chairs ready to be placed at other tables, even the giant mirror that Palt had enchanted to show the news.
There were menus hand-illustrated and sitting up as well, and someone had kept watering the flower boxes that held regular, beautiful flowers along each window.
…Yet the kitchen was dark and there was no white furry thing scurrying around. The stage was dark, without someone strutting their hour behind the curtain. No [Bard] sat playing guitar in a corner, and there was no bee or chatty [Bartender].
It was just like they remembered it. And not.
Klbkch sat down at a table. Relc trailed along one wall.
“They started putting up guest testimonials?”
“Miss Solstice did.”
“No way. Why—hey, that’s Magus Grimalkin. Why is his face up here?”
Relc pointed at the illustration and lengthy dissertation on the proper etiquette and form of using the weights room. Ishkr smiled slightly.
“Miss Solstice decided to put up a few illustrations, on the theory that some guests would appreciate it. She never…finished the project.”
“Oh. Right. The inn’s clean.”
Relc ran a claw over a table. Ishkr nodded.
“I clean it.”
“Obviously, duh. I just meant…”
