8.60
Page 2
Senior Guardsman Relc looked ahead and blinked.
‘Lots of Gnolls’ turned out to be three. Three, loitering around with a Drake and six Humans on the southern gates, and a few on the walls. But yes, that essentially constituted all of the Gnoll-[Guard] population in an entire district of Cellidel.
It was almost unheard of to see a group of Gnolls in a patrol in Cellidel. Relc just shrugged, then he grinned, slowed, and clapped Vok on the shoulder.
“I told you we’ve got Gnolls in the Watch. I don’t think Krshia’s back from the Meeting of Tribes, but it’ll be great. Trust me.”
“I see bug-people on the walls. Antinium.”
Someone whispered. Relc glanced up.
“Klb—no.”
He shaded his eyes. Cellidel’s convoy slowed as people pointed up. Of everything, the sight of the dread Antinium stopped them. But Relc raised his arms.
“Hang on. It’s just a Worker. One of the painted ones, I think. Don’t worry—they’re peaceful. Remember the stories I told you?”
He had told them so many tales of Liscor, not all reassuring. Vok half-expected ice cream to be dripping out of the walls while Humans ran around causing riots and spitting blood and doing wondrously silly things.
“It is?”
Relc smiled reassuringly. His pointing claw shifted.
“Yep. That’s a Soldier.”
Vok’s gaze moved to the huge Antinium staring down at him and quailed. Relc glanced at the Gnoll’s face and realized he’d made a mistake.
He forgot how the rest of Izril and the world saw Antinium. He tried to rally the convoy and realized half of them looked ready to turn around and march back.
“Come on, guys. It’s just a few Antinium. You outnumber them, right? Let’s just get through the gates…they’re friendly. See?”
He waved a hand at the walls with a grin. Relc saw the Antinium stare at him. Vok, Hickery, and the Gnolls looked at Relc, but then saw a [Sergeant] waving down. Relc grinned in relief as a voice shouted down.
“Senior Guardsman Relc, as I live and breathe! Did you have to bring trouble while I was on duty?”
The Drake grinned.
“That’s Mudsa. Hey, Mudsa, who promoted you to [Sergeant]?”
“Go shove your tail right up your—”
Mudsa hesitated as she realized she was shouting to a few thousand Gnolls and children.
“—er, come on in! The Watch Captain’s on her way!”
She beckoned, and Relc stepped forwards. He looked back and saw the wagons begin to roll forwards once more. Relc was relieved, and wondered if Mudsa had gained a new Skill like he had—until he realized why the fears were partially alleviated.
He looked up and saw the Antinium Worker with the iron helmet and the Soldier waving all four hands. They did it carefully, and you couldn’t see them smile—their faces were alien, bug-like.
But they were waving.
Relc grinned up at them and saluted with one claw. Then, he walked towards the gates of Liscor. The [Guards] on duty stared at him.
“Hey. How’s it been, Rudell? Vrik, right?”
The [Guards] Relc recognized glanced at each other. Rudell snorted. ‘Vrik’ pointed at his chest.
“That’s not my name. Literally no letter in ‘Vrik’ matches my name. I’m Calog.”
“Right. Sorry. I’ve, uh, got visitors. I mean, new citizens.”
Relc jerked a thumb over his shoulder at the Gnolls and people slowly stopping for an inspection. The [Guards] peered over Relc’s shoulder. Calog, Rudell, and the other [Guards] looked at each other. Calog rubbed at his face.
“…You’re definitely Relc. What are we doing? Entry checks on…dead gods, there must be thousands.”
“They’re not monsters or fugitives. Most are civilians.”
Calog glowered and leaned forwards.
“I know that, but you can’t just let them in! Where’s Sergeant Mudsa?”
