8.60
Page 6
The Watch Captain put an arm on Relc’s. He looked at her. She met his gaze, and nodded.
“I’ll handle it. Take a break, Relc. If you want to help, you can help get everyone moving and answer questions. But you’re relieved of duty. This is my city.”
She smiled, and Relc felt like a huge weight had left his shoulders. He looked at her, and a slow smile spread from earhole to earhole. Relc slowly saluted.
“Thanks, Captain Z.”
She rolled her eyes.
“Some things never change. Alright. Councilmember Lism, to the rear! Excuse me, ladies and gentlegnolls! I am Watch Captain Zevara of Liscor, and these are Councilmembers Elirr and Lism. We will be admitting you into the city momentarily and answering any questions you might have! Please line up in front of the [Guards], who will conduct quick inspections! If you are hungry, in need of water or other facilities, please let us know!”
Like clockwork, the uncertain crowd found itself moving forwards, splitting into neat lines as Gnolls walked down, asked a few questions, shook paws, even talked and jested with the new people.
“Try the Drunken Gnoll. It’s run by a Human, but he employs a lot of our folk. You’ll get food from a bunch of places that want your business—but they have a very good [Chef] couple there. Imani and Palt. New food you’ve never tried before.”
Merka, a Gnoll, advised Vok’s parents as Relc hovered nearby. Another Gnoll he vaguely remembered called Geils, a Drake name, was passing Vok.
“Spear-skills and a [Guard] class?”
“Yes, Guardsman.”
Geils raised his brows. He gave Vok a toothy grin, which the young man didn’t know how to respond to.
“Well, if you want to apply for the Watch, we might need to account for your age, but you’re clear to move through the gates. Welcome! I think there are many Gnolls waiting to welcome you in, but we’ll get you settled before they come at you, yes?”
Vok glanced at Relc, and the Drake grinned. There was something in the air. The wariness was turning into the same thing that had propelled these people here. Only, realized.
Hope. Hope, that wasn’t an illusion. Hickery was hopping up and down. She felt it. She was excitedly staring at little Gnolls and Drakes and Humans who were running about. A little Visma was even holding up a Welcome to Liscor sign she’d hand-painted.
Cellidel’s people had mostly entered Liscor, looking at the coins Lism had put in each paw with some amazement, by the time Relc actually began taking a break. He took a glass of water, sipped at it, frowned at the lemon wedge attached to the glass, and looked around.
“Liscor’s changed.”
He had seen the expansion to the city from afar, and he had been there when it had first gone up. Yet the stone was creeping into an actual wall, and…there were a lot more Humans and Antinium on the streets.
Even a Dullahan, strolling about with an odd covering over their armor. Was that a shirt over the metal plate that said ‘I Survived Liscor Hunting’? Relc had absolutely no context for that, but he wanted some.
“You have no idea. Some of it’s great. What are you doing now?”
“Uh…”
Relc had been expecting to be settling people all day, but Lism and Elirr had an army of officials helping do just that.
“Go to my apart—no, wait. I don’t have one.”
“Then we’ll get you settled. Don’t worry, there’s cheap rooms everywhere.”
Mudsa assured him. Relc nodded; he had his bag of holding with all of his worldly possessions anyways. She jerked a thumb-claw.
“I can’t stay long, but you have to have a drink. Everyone at the barracks wants to ask what went down in Cellidel. Some Creler-crap, huh?”
