8.60
Page 34
Lionette: I would appreciate being taken…off…this spell, please. My information is confidential.
Viscount V: As are my affairs. I intend to lodge a formal complaint with—
SALISS: THIS IS SO INTERESTING.
Ice Squirrel: What.
GSNF (Great Sage of Nerrhavia’s Fallen): Is that Named Adventurer Saliss of Lights?
Lionette: Saliss? What are you doing? Where are you?
Witch A: Hello? I am inquiring about a cure for Erin Solstice. What is this, please? We are calling from the Mage’s Guild of Anazuland. Very confused.
Viscount V: This is entirely chaotic. Exalted Mage’s Guild of Khelt. Upon resending a [Message] spell, I am re-looped into this [Message] chain. Will you send me the requested information at a later date?
The Mage’s Guild of Eternal Khelt: With greatest apologies, we are still contacting Wistram for a formal explanation. 
Lionette: Wait, is everyone inquiring into a cure for Erin?
Ice Squirrel: Yes, it’s me, Lionette.
Viscount V: Yes.
GSNF: Yes. Wistram is mucking things up. As usual.
SAAAALIIISSSS: TELL ME WHEN THAT’S NOT WISTRAM. HAH.
Witch A: Why is that message appearing in capital letters? What is wrong with the name? What is going on? We are inquiring into a cure, yes.
TMGEK: Please hold, we are working on the issue.
Ice Squirrel: Who? Oh.
Lionette: Who is this now?
The Mage’s Guild of Eternal Khelt: We are shortening our address to TMGEK for clarify.
Lionette: That is clarity?
Fetohep of Khelt: I am exceptionally displeased.
Ice Squirrel: Oh wow.
The Mage’s Guild of Exalted Khelt With Great Apologies to His Exalted Majesty: We are attempting to clarify the situation with—
Fetohep of Khelt: Enough. Desist. I will take this matter over myself. To all those present, I am King of Khelt, who oversees the project in regards to a cure for an individual known as Erin Solstice. Direct such inquiries unto me and—
S.A.L.I.S.S: You’re in charge? Who put you in charge?
Fetohep: Desist in your writing. 
Sal-iss: I didn’t put you in charge.
Fetohep: Enough. You speak to the ruler of Exalted Khelt. Deference is required.
Not Saliss: Make me.
Viscount Visophecin of Ailendamus: It is our extreme pleasure to tender our regards to His Majesty of Khelt, regardless of war or the circumstances. To the sand eternal, may Khelt reign.
Great Sage of Nerrhavia’s Fallen: Greetings to Khelt. This is a disaster. Is Wistram just tossing around magic link spells? I don’t need every conversation to be like the Arbitration Council.
Fetohep: I greet you, Viscount Visophecin and Sage Etrikah, to whom I believe I am writing. In regards to this conversation, it is my understanding that Wistram has ignorantly applied its magic to a similar interest. In regards to—
THAT DRAKE WITH THE POTIONS: HEY.
Fetohep: —the cure for Erin Solstice as first attempted by Oteslia. Khelt has funded and taken over.
NAMED ADVENTURER SALISS: HEEEEEY~~
Lionette: Khelt has not taken over any project to my knowledge. I am Lionette, Erin’s cousin. I am attempting to work on a cure. I am exceptionally willing to talk to whomever may have information or aid regarding Erin Solstice.
GSNF: You said you were her sister.
Saliss of Lights: Did you know that the Demonsoul Skunk has a musk that can be smelled over a mile away at peak potency?
Lionette: SALISS. STOP.
Ice Squirrel: That’s Saliss, right? Saliss, it’s me! I’m not alone, though.
Saliss: …Clarabessa?
Ice Squirrel: No.
 
It was at this point a few things happened.
Viscount Visophecin sat back to pour himself a drink of water and watch while Ryoka stared at the scroll. The Lucifen looked amused and exceptionally interested by turns.
