8.60
Page 17
Krshia hugged Mrsha tightly. The girl patted Krshia on the head.
Yes, we will.
Krshia wanted to linger, but Akrisa was already in a meeting. So she hugged Mrsha again.
“I will get word to them that you are well, so they do not run across the continent, hm? Do you want to go with someone?”
Mrsha held up a card with a big name written on it.
Gire.
Krshia nodded and took her by the paw out of the tent. She found the giant Gnoll waiting for her morning playdate with her best friend, and smiled. Gire sniffed the sip of wine on her breath, of course, but made no comment. Krshia saw Mrsha off, then turned. She strode, almost ran, to her first meeting, to shake hands and make complicated deals.
If she stopped too long, she would start crying.
As for Mrsha? The Gnoll looked solemnly up at Gire, who paused.
“Do you want to do something else today, Mrsha? Buy another lobster? Or we can go and see some sights? How about horse races?”
She was excited, and clearly doing sums in her head about how much food Mrsha could buy on the pretext of ‘snacks’. Normally, Mrsha would be raring to go as well. Today? Mrsha put up a paw, massaging at her back.
Not today, Gire. One moment, one moment.
She hobbled over to a table in the Silverfang camp like an old woman and sat down. Gire frowned as Mrsha searched around, made a groaning sound, picked up a cup, and headed over to the food tent. She came back, put the cup down, and cleared the space around it. Then she put a paw around the cup and…exhaled.
The cup was filled with goat’s milk, incidentally. However, the Gnoll girl began to nurse it. Taking small sips, exhaling.
“Mrsha? Is something wrong? Are you thirsty?”
Sit, sit. The Gnoll gestured with a paw. Gire sat. Mrsha stared past her. Around her, Silverfang’s Gnolls were bustling about, and a few Ekhtouch Gnolls were condescending about. Longstalker’s Fang, Greenpaw—and there was Rose, pretending not to see Adetr waiting for another chat.
Inkar and Tkrn. Even Feshi, glancing around for them with some of the Weatherfur Gnolls. Great and powerful allies. Interesting people, all.
Yet Mrsha didn’t run about. Not today. Gire poked her, and Mrsha slapped the finger down and snarled.
Not a friendly snarl either. Gire didn’t try it again. She saw Mrsha take another gulp, and finally recognized what Mrsha was doing. It was a copy of what Gire and Mrsha had seen—but Mrsha had been to more bars than Gire, and had seen this late at night.
A figure at a table or bar, slipping into their cups. Like Menolit, and an [Innkeeper] talking to them. She copied them, not because it was fun…
But because this was one of the ways Mrsha knew how to cry in public. She stared past Gire, and there were not enough words to write down to explain it.
Or just two.
Erin Solstice.
Gire watched as Mrsha began to sniff. The little Gnoll girl’s eyes welled up.
“Mrsha? What’s wrong? Does your stomach hurt? Don’t cry…”
Erin.
Mrsha wrote it down and pushed the card over. Gire turned the card over, but it lacked context, even for the [Paragon].
“Is that…your friend? The one who’s sick? Oh—oh—Mrsha, don’t cry.”
The girl began sniffing into her cup. Huge, blobby tears fell from her brown eyes as Gnolls looked at her. Gire—panicked.
“Don’t cry, Mrsha. It’s alright. See? I can juggle. Look! I can juggle eleven things. See? Isn’t it funny?”
She grabbed some silverware, cups, a plate, and tossed eleven objects up and did actually create a double-helix. Mrsha didn’t even stare at it. Gire stopped, not knowing what to do. Because she was young, and Ekhtouch didn’t teach you how to deal with tears.
