8.60
Page 22
Rabbiteater felt a hand on his shoulder, pushing him, so he straightened his shoulders. As weary [Knights] sagged around him, he sat up and rode ahead. Wondering how he would tell her about this part of his adventure.
 
——
 
But for those who had never met her—the people who interacted with these scattered folk, each one acting a different way—how did you describe her?
Hyperbole? That she was the one, the only person who had ever made a difference?
No. Yet—you could do it wrong, too.
Emphasize the mundanity of her, the silliness, and leave your audience thinking that was all she was, someone with no head for money, easily distractible, bad at managing a full team, and with a high weakness to crossbow bolts.
Which, to be fair, was a common vulnerability.
That wasn’t Erin Solstice, though. The true ‘her’ lay between myth and laughter. To capture that essence of her…you had to tell stories of what she’d done.
Or perhaps it was you. How you said it. How you looked, as you clenched your hand and stared at the three fingers and scars.
That despite everything, as the wind blew around you, blowing your raven-dark hair into the air, and you shifted from bare foot to foot—
You talked about her like that. A Courier, describing someone incredible.
The Wind Runner, friend of the fae, talking about someone who could do things she never could.
Her eyes shining, watering, as she stumbled over her words and kept going back.
To her friend. How they had met. Silly antics.
Glorious fire.
How did you say it? She tried.
“I…came here for her. Because it matters. Because with everything that’s happening and going to happen—we need her.”
“Who?”
Ryoka Griffin turned.
“Everyone. People do. She’s the reason why the Antinium are changing. She’s…she’s not invincible. She makes mistakes. She can’t stop a war on her own. But she meets people and connects with them. Because of her, a city didn’t fall to siege. Because of her, I saved two kids. She matters, so much that I came across the world.”
“Enough to risk your life?”
Ryoka looked up and met a glittering stare. Two dark eyes. An amused audience—half amused or curious or indifferent. The other half sympathetic, understanding, teary themselves, though they had never known her.
A few others. Yet Ryoka met each and every eye as her head moved about. She put her hand on the hilt of a sword from another time.
“Yes. Enough to walk the lands of the Tuatha Dé. Enough to seek a boon from the Faerie King, and challenge a Wyrm’s wrath. If it could be done, I would do it. Not because she is your salvation, or mine. Or that of nations. However. She will make someone’s life better. Many people’s. That is goodness.”
“Well said.”
Two peoples stood before her, and a gathering of other immortals. Gilaw, Menorkel, Fithea, Nemed, and more. Yet on one side sat Agelum—the other, Lucifen.
One side saw why. The Lucifen stirred, regarding their cousins.
“Goodness. Temporary, frail deeds. Explain it to us, now, why she matters.”
Ryoka Griffin saw a mocking smile. Paxere, one of the younger ones, who attracted disapproval from the more stately elders. They were better at hiding such things. Visophecin just tapped his lips as Ryoka glared—then relaxed.
She looked so rarely confident it took the younger Lucifen unawares. Ryoka turned back to the capital, where the Singer of Terandria was drawing her back—and Menorkel as well. But she looked Paxere straight in the eye.
