8.60
Page 19
Realizing how long it had been. Again, it was different. Similar, but different.
Ceria Springwalker stopped eating, refused to play cards, and marched with the army of Savere. She took out a spellbook that Revine had gifted her and began leafing through it.
Her pale eyes held no tears. She just kept glancing up at the sky, north. And the air…
Grew colder. So cold that she turned the sand and dirt hard and frosty when [Bandits] followed in her wake. The wind behind her so chilled that a gap opened up in the army behind her.
It was so uncharacteristic of the Ice Squirrel that everyone noticed it more than if she had been crying. Ceria brushed at her hair and looked at her skeletal hand. She smiled ruefully, and went back to reading.
 
——
 
Yvlon Byres sat and talked with Queen Yisame and the Great Sage Etrikah. She talked, as the [Queen] dabbed at her eyes and the [Sage] listened. She talked and paced and was restless.
Her hands clenched and roamed, touching silverware, checking her skin as if she were making sure it was pure. She sat back heavily, then stood. Resting her weight on the table.
Helplessly moving about. Frustrated with inaction.
 
——
 
It was the opposite of how Ksmvr did it. He rode along, so quiet that no one noticed for a while. Only until he refused to eat breakfast and lunch did Nsiia ride over.
“Is something wrong, Ksmvr? If you are feeling sick, tell us. Sickness can run through an army and leave it legless.”
Ksmvr looked at her thoughtfully, then shook his head.
“No, Nsiia. I am perfectly physically well. I believe I am sad, but I have not learned how to cry. I am uncertain what I should do.”
The Empress of Beasts’ eyes sharpened on Ksmvr’s face. His severed arm, his damaged antennae and exoskeleton…he had worn his injuries without noticeable pain.
Right now? He looked uncertain. As if moving would pain him, and he was afraid of it. Ksmvr kept touching his chest with one of his hands.
“Why are you sad, Ksmvr?”
“I do not know. It is unreasonable, so I would like it to stop. The person I am thinking of has already been in her present state for a long time. I am continuing to work towards her revival. Therefore, this sadness has no timing or reason. I…would like it to stop, now. How do you do that?”
Nsiia inhaled sharply. Domehead, walking by Ksmvr, turned, as the Empress of Beasts placed her arm on Ksmvr’s shoulder.
Rémi Canada hesitated as Leka Thri tilted his head. No emotion was visible on the Loquea Dree warrior’s beak, but he listened as Ksmvr tried to explain.
Rémi? He hesitated. Began to lower the camera. Then caught the motion and raised it to capture the Antinium’s face. Arguing the ethics of…
The Antinium [Skirmisher] looked around.
“It makes no sense. It does not feel good. I would rather be sick. Why is that?”
Nsiia looked at him.
“Because sickness goes away in time.”
Ksmvr leaned on Spitty as the camel glanced at him, pursed his lips, and decided against. The [Skirmisher] nodded.
“That makes sense.”
 
——
 
Pisces Jealnet was practicing fencing when Eloque, Merr, Bearig, Rophir, and Qshom found him.
“Is something wrong, Pisces?”
“Why would something be wrong?”
He turned, genuinely confused. Sweat was running down his face, and some of the freed [Slaves] and [Rebels] were watching him. He had been performing an excellent fencer’s drill.
Eloque studied Pisces. He seemed perfectly befuddled, and his face was straight.
“You’ve been doing that for two hours.”
“I am keeping in shape. Refining my magic.”
“Yes.”
“And?”
