8.60
Page 28
A squad of wheelchairs and even a floating bed soared off in pursuit. The Lucifen held perfectly still, and Ryoka saw him peek around the statue. Then he relaxed and nodded to her.
“They should not visit the capital. They have a habit of exerting themselves. I fear they would take to the Singer of Terandria too well, and my cousins can be quite diplomatic and subtle—but only when they choose to be.”
“You think they’d dislike the Singer? Or trust her with too much?”
Visophecin sighed. He gave his garments a tug.
“…I fear they would attend her concerts and insist on dancing.”
Ryoka smiled. And she felt a pang for the Agelum. She heaved a sigh, and Visophecin hesitated, before sitting next to her.
“We will expedite our return to the capital. I understand Duke Rhisveri has complicated your efforts to save your friend. That you came to Ailendamus willingly for her sake is…interesting. I will discuss the nature of your theft with Rhisveri himself, as it is off-limits to you.”
Ryoka nodded wordlessly. The Lucifen looked at Ryoka.
“A noble decision, I believe some would call it.”
“What would the Lucifen say about doing everything to save someone’s life?”
The Devil smiled slightly. A bleak expression; not because he was hurt, but because he searched inside for any shred of empathy and found it was gone.
“Foolishness in the extreme. Especially given the odds. Especially for a mortal. House Shoel respects no altruism or friendship outside of our own. But if it was to cure someone else…”
His gaze rose, and he looked at Uzine, rolling about and calling for Visophecin. His odd stare of multi-faceted eyes found Ryoka and he smiled, seeing her, but Visophecin was somehow invisible.
Lots of practice. The Lucifen watched Uzine roll by, and paused.
“Yes. That is different.”
Ryoka nodded. She sat there, tired.
“I feel like a fool. I was so obsessed with what Rhisveri had…not to give it away. But I may have been chasing after the wrong thing the entire time. Everything else, though—nothing has worked.”
Viscount Visophecin saw Ryoka shake her head.
“The Village of the Dead. Oteslia. Even people I have never met. Everyone’s trying something and it doesn’t—work. So I bet everything on this and I might have to walk away.”
“That is wisdom. Better to walk than lose everything.”
“Is that immortal wisdom?”
Ryoka snapped, tired and grumpy. Visophecin didn’t smile.
“No. Observation of how all peoples die. They cling to what they love. It has killed every species in existence. I have not yet found the way out. Perhaps because I do not search.”
Ryoka’s head moved left, and she and the Viscount exchanged a long look. The Lucifen went on, after a moment.
“You may indeed fail, and I would caution you not to risk Rhisveri’s wrath. Yet you have trusted House Shoel with your quest. You have done what few do, and attracted the attention of both Lucifen and Agelum. And with respect to my fair cousins—the Lucifen are the far more difficult of the two to sway.”
“Thanks. I know it is an achievement, but…it’s one of those days. I’m just tired. I could have used an easy win.”
Ryoka stared up at Ser Tubeliges. Visophecin glanced upwards. He stared at the smug Sariant Lamb, and Sarathine, trotting around looking for love from the Agelum, and his eyes burned for one second.
“Four hundred and twelve gold pieces.”
“Hm?”
Ryoka glanced at him. The Devil muttered.
