8.60
Page 27
“Funny. Some things never change. You know, I really thought I could do it this time. But I failed. I just keep going around like this.”
Ryoka Griffin spoke to the air. At first, the distant [Knight], Dame Chorisa, thought Ryoka was speaking to her, but her words weren’t comprehensible from so far away, and she wasn’t looking at Chorisa.
The Wind Runner sighed.
“I tried. Then Rhisveri just—twisted—my best plans. I wish I could just do something, take the victory, like saving Hethon and Sammial, and just quit. But I can’t. There’s always something else. If she hadn’t gotten hurt…maybe I’d be running from Tyrion Veltras giving me flowers or something. I wish that was my problem.”
She didn’t really expect a reply, though it wouldn’t be the weirdest thing that happened all week. Ryoka looked up again.
“It must be a simple life. A grand one. You save one girl from drowning, and you get a knighthood and food for the rest of your life. I envy you.”
The visage of Ser Tubeliges didn’t answer her. But the noble Sariant Lamb’s statue was a kind of inspiration. Look upon me, and know true happiness. Am I not the valorous lamb, who hath achieved both morality and the limits of hedonistic bliss?
Ryoka was just guessing. She stared as an actual Sariant Lamb mewled its way across the manor, looking for someone to pamper it. They were funny creatures, too. For instance, this one was searching for a loving pair of hands to feed, bathe, and comb its fur. It took one look at Paxere and the Lucifen and decided Ryoka was the most generous soul in existence.
A lamb actually did a little wiggle of its body as it trotted up to Ryoka. This Sariant Lamb had a pendant—not a collar, a pendant—and it had learned to do an approximation of a shy smile.
Ryoka glanced at the statue, at the Sariant Lamb, and flapped her hands.
“Shoo. Shoo. I’m not buying it, and you’re not a [Knight]. Come back when you are.”
She was rewarded with the Sariant Lamb nosing forwards, making a sweet little whining sound. It nearly ran into Ryoka’s bare foot and recoiled with clear disgust.
“Yeah, you like that? I’ll wipe my feet all over your wool. Back off.”
The lamb trotted back, crying with distress. It peeked at Ryoka as it covered its little face with a hoof—saw she was frowning at it—and the most amazing thing happened.
The Sariant Lamb, whose name according to her gold leaf pendant was Sarathine, realized Ryoka wasn’t going to be a pamperer, and her face changed. Sarathine’s innocent expression turned into a hostile glare, and the lamb made a ‘cheh’ sound and turned. It dug its back hooves into the ground and sprayed Ryoka with some dirt.
“Hey!”
Sarathine trotted off. Ryoka stared at its backside.
“No way. Are they really in control of—damn it. I better not have made an enemy of the Sariant Lamb cartel or something. Hey, that wasn’t personal! I’m having a bad day!”
Ryoka didn’t get an answer, but she caught herself and realized she was pleading with a lamb not to hold a grudge. She had low points, but could she go lower?
The answer was always ‘yes’, of course, but Ryoka hung her head with a sigh. That was, until she heard someone cough.
“Excuse me. Pretend I am not here a moment.”
Brimstone—the scent of forgefires.
A shadow leaned across the Wind Runner. Its owner stood against the lee of the statue. Viscount Visophecin adjusted his tie, and Ryoka saw, behind him, a bunch of Agelum casting about.
“Where did he go?”
“Inside? Anyone see Visophecin?”
