8.60
Page 25
Both Genevas stopped. They looked at each other and one balled up the paper and tossed it down.
“It’s not medical.”
“It is. It simply comes out in other terminology and processes. You’ve felt it.”
Geneva Scala nodded.
“It’s…her life.”
Not blood loss. Not her heart failing. Not the components—it was that sheer concept of her life. The individual body parts Geneva could fight to protect. Brain, blood flowing to organs, even the heart.
Yet the patient as a whole? She…died. The thing that medical professionals still couldn’t entirely grasp, the difference between someone who was ‘alive’ when hooked up to a medical instrument—
Life. It slipped away. The body was so badly damaged that all but the best scenarios, the strongest constitutions—had no chance.
“That’s what you’re missing.”
Geneva Scala told her mirror image. The [Doctor] across from her nodded. She put her hands on the table, rose—
And Geneva vanished. The Geneva across from her blinked at her copy’s dispersal, but then nodded.
“That’s it. That’s…”
Her eyes widened. She had a thought.
“Oh.”
Geneva Scala whispered. It was such a non-question for most medical practitioners. Of course the patient died. Of course they failed to capture life itself—that life was a function of many parts, so focus on that.
That was an Earth-solution. Yet she was not on Earth. So life itself? Geneva Scala breathed as something began to connect in her mind.
“That’s what I was missing.”
There it was. 
She found it at last.
 
——-
 
Like a good [Doctor] should, Geneva tried her theory. The Third Mind realized what she was doing and approved.
It made sense. There were even real-life examples that Geneva had put down to hyperbole, or the phenomenon of…well, it did happen.
This, though?
What might I do? How many more chances might I receive? Patients who died…Geneva’s brain was whirling.
“Now that is worth.”
The smug tone of the Third Mind was the last thing she heard. Then Geneva was dropping out of the air, gently landing in Idis’ arms.
“What are you doing? I can keep going. I need to prove it works. A thousand—ten thousand trials.”
Geneva felt limited, like she was squeezed into her body, the physical world where she couldn’t fly or summon whatever she wanted to at the drop of a hat. Such a dangerous place, the mind.
She almost forgot to breathe and that she needed to move to reach things. Idis helped Geneva stand as the [Doctor] protested weakly.
“She has pushed her every limit. Her theory is sound. It works. Enough. Few, even Selphids, have walked in the Mind so long. The [Doctor]’s will is strong when it comes to her medicine.”
The Third Mind was right. Even the [Psychic Guardians] in attendance and Calectus seemed surprised at how long Geneva had communed with the Mind.
“Did you do it, Geneva?”
Idis was patently curious. The other Selphids turned to the Third Mind.
“Is this a discovery which might cure the Wasting or be substantive?”
“Wasting? Perhaps. Perhaps not, but perhaps. As to substantive change…Geneva Scala has formulated a way to improve the efficacy of [Healers]. Experimentation is needed.”
“Yes. Yes…but also—it works. I know what they’re missing. I need to tell them.”
Geneva struggled to her feet.
“Who?”
Calectus looked at her, concerned. The [Doctor] looked at the floating Third Mind.
“Even if they gather everything, they’ll never cure her. Or the odds will be remote without it. I need…”
She trailed off as she realized what she needed. The Third Mind slowed in its sedate rotation.
“Can that be arranged?”
The [Doctor] looked up. The Third Mind deliberated with itself.
