8.60
Page 8
The Senior Guardsman turned with the others. He was almost glad of the interruption.
For while he was sure he would be riveted by the discussion of the war, and he was glad to be among the Watch, it struck him once he realized Embria was gone. The inn was closed, of course. Watch Captain Zevara had promised to find him once her work day was over, but she worked day and night.
Maybe he’d find Menolit or some of the retirees, or see if one of the puzzle-heads, [Traders] or otherwise, was in the city.
Selys? Right, Selys, Drassi…he’d say hi. But they weren’t his closest friends. He would stop by the inn with…something. Check on Vok and Hickery—introduce them to Visma and Ekirra. That was a smart idea.
But that was Senior Guardsman Relc’s routine. His new routine, which was complicated and difficult, but necessarily so, and it mattered.
Relc? Relc was the same as he’d always been, and he knew it.
Alone.
Perhaps he’d go after Mrsha. Or Embria. It depended on if he was needed. He had been needed with Cellidel’s people.
Now? Relc strode over to stop someone having a panic attack, but was he really needed?
Apparently so, because there was a bevy of [Guards] standing around, even Liscor’s friendly citizens, and the shouting was continuing. A high, panicked voice from a Gnoll woman, pointing.
“Hey now, what’s wrong? I told you, the Antinium are friendly kids. Mostly.”
Relc tried to grin, but he saw a few hands on blades. What? And then he had a thought.
Aberration?
It all came into his mind a flicker before he saw what the problem was. The Gnoll woman backed away, running into someone else. She pointed a paw.
“The Antinium—the Antinium. It’s that one! The Prognugator. The—the—”
Relc’s head turned. He saw someone standing in the street, and even Captain Zevara looked astonished.
Xrn? Wasn’t she wounded in—
Then Relc knew. He gently took the Gnoll woman’s paws off his arm, and stepped forwards. At last, the words came out.
That famous name.
“The Slayer.”
Watch Captain Zevara started. She looked away from the slimmer, taller Antinium standing there. Watching her. She hesitated and spoke.
“No.”
“Yes.”
Klbkch the Slayer, Centenium, corrected Zevara. He stood in the center of the street, resting two hands on the silver swords sheathed at his sides.
Relc stared.
“Klb?”
The Antinium looked up. He was not the Klbkch that Relc remembered. His head was mostly the same, but every other part of him had changed.
He was lean, with a distinctly humanoid body, rather than the rounded shell of the Workers. His legs were oddly articulated, almost like someone had added a natural curve to the thin legs and feet. His chitin, the shell, was no longer the brown-black, but an odd, dark grey. It looked shadowy.
The real change, however, was in his arms. He had been using only two simple arms in his humanoid body before.
Now, the slightly refined movements had turned into something different. Klbkch seemed like he was balanced, standing at ease in the street. His arms had a reinforced look, as did his upper torso. He wore no clothing nor armor above his waist, and had a simple, kilt-like piece of clothing along his belt.
It was the same belt as when he had been a [Guard], with a little bag of holding added on. But Klbkch? He looked like his body was armored, shaped chitin moving smoothly as he turned his head.
He moved like a [Swordmaster]. He had always been good with his swords, but Relc had seen this one time before. That night Klbkch had lost his temper. He slid as he stepped forwards, as if any moment he could change direction to whichever he pleased.
