8.60
Page 52
On Earth, it did. But here…you could reach out and give them a hand. Now, her quill flew.
 
Geneva: That’s it. The most powerful Skill you can find.
Viscount V: You are referring to a phenomenon I have seen on the battlefield.
Geneva: Yes. But this will save them, not bring them back. Time. You are buying time. Perhaps even the most grievous injuries can be healed with…time. Another ten seconds. A minute. That’s forever, for us.
Fetohep: My [Healers] and [Mages] believe you are right, Doctor Geneva.
Lionette: It makes sense. It—makes sense.
Joseph Ortega: Is that it? Is that—I mean, it sounds good, but is that it?
Magus G: That is it. That may be everything. It may change a great deal.
Windy Girl: Yes. Is that what we need? I think I know someone who might be able to help.
Lionette: I do too.
RainyEarl: I can find someone to help.
Wall Lord Ilvriss: And I.
Mri: Thank you, Doctor. Thank you.
Geneva: Do not thank me yet. I have played a scenario out many, many times via a Skill. The chance is two in three with the best odds I can give her, the best spells and magic and Skills I can envision.
Fetohep: She will have the best this world can offer.
Mri: Thank you.
Krshia: Thank you, Doctor. We will do this. It can be done. A [Shaman] smiles; she thinks you have found something.
Anonymous Spellcaster A: Something magic alone cannot provide. I agree. She has something. I hope for your success. I will help if I can.
Witch A: Yes. If only you have the right ingredients, the potion will come. Magic? You need a good [Mage]. I know one. But the ingredients are missing.
Eldavin: Can anyone locate these ethereal-type reagents? Wistram can transport them from around the world. Khelt, I am assured, can pay for them. That is what is missing. The rest is here, is it not? [Mage]?
Witch A: Yes.
Windy Girl: Potion?
Wall Lord Ilvriss: Done.
Saliss: So just the antidote.
 
They lingered there. On that last piece. Geneva Scala read through the chat, but only one person had offered it, and they had banished her for reasons she only partly knew.
A chat full of interested people. Each one who knew or was related to Erin. A few observers, and one very confused adventurer who was just there because she wanted the money.
So someone who had been silent up till now calmly picked up a quill. His eyes had narrowed when he saw the [Doctor]’s name. But he had read it all in silence. Now, he leaned over, and nodded to a pair of crimson eyes. And a wide grin.
That was Fierre, but Chieftain Shaik also smiled.
 
Tallman: You will get your mushrooms. Alchemist Saliss, expect a delivery into Oteslia with your name on it tomorrow or the day after at the absolute latest. Coordinate with Alchemist I and Witch A regarding the details of the antidote.
Windy Girl: Wha
Tallman: Transport will be needed from Oteslia to Liscor. A Courier can be arranged, which I believe Fetohep of Khelt can provide. Funding for all three can also be paid, I take it? Whereupon all that is needed is a spellcaster competent enough to affect the spell and a high-level [Leader]. Magus G may be able to source multiple spellcasters given Pallass’ proximity to the inn. Please contact Chaldion of Pallass regarding a proper [General] or [Officer].
Fetohep: Who is this?
Tallman: Will Khelt pay a research and production fee for the underlined, as well as transport.
Fetohep: By Khelta’s name, it will be done.
Hecrelunn: Witnessed by the Vizir.
YlawesB: Who is this?
GSNF: You ignorant child. Guess.
Mri: It is you?
Tallman: It’s me. Expect the mushrooms immediately. They’re definitely the ones you want. Three dozen.
