8.60
Page 35
Lyonette du Marquin looked around, saw the naked Drake energetically scribbling at a counter next to hers, and threw an inkwell, which he dodged.
Half the [Rogues] around Ceria started taking bets on whether this was real.
Sage Etrikah decided she needed a drink as Yisame and Yvlon stared at the parchment.
And then the others began joining in.
 
——
 
Grand Magus Eldavin was only partly aware of Wistram trying out their new spell like a child with a wand. He had stopped in his progress back to eject the fool who had caused this trouble with multiple reigning heads of state from the academy’s nearest window because another fool was in his way.
“Grand Magus. I know we have spoken, and you are busy, but I hope you will hear my request.”
“Ah. I believe we have met. Now is not a good time.”
The interloper nodded.
“Nevertheless, Grand Magus. I insist. I hope you will hear me out. I am prepared for your displeasure.”
Eldavin considered ejecting this young man through the nearest window as well, but there was a certain set to his jaw and determination the half-Elf liked. So Eldavin pointed.
“Very well. I respect preparation. Goodbye.”
The giant hand grabbed the Human young man with blonde hair and, before he could move, tossed Ylawes Byres out the window. Eldavin heard a shout as he strode on, followed by the sounds of alarm from outdoors.
The [Knight] caught him halfway to his destination, panting. Eldavin eyed Ylawes’ wet clothing and look of grim determination, and nodded.
“You’ve earned five minutes. Speak.”
The [Knight] inhaled sharply.
“It’s about two things, Grand Magus. My sister is currently captive of Nerrhavia’s Fallen. She is a Gold-rank adventurer. That—and I came to Wistram with my team in the hopes that you could cure someone who’s…not dead, but not alive. Trapped in a stasis spell.”
“What, the kind that ends with a kiss? Do they still do that?”
Eldavin wrinkled his nose. Ylawes shook his head.
“No, Grand Magus. She was injured and frozen. Shot by poisoned crossbow bolts, but she survived and—”
Eldavin held up a finger. The half-Elf stared ahead of him, put a finger to his brow, and looked at Ylawes.
He had the strangest sense of…all three things. And one of his greater goals, that girl who kept getting herself into—
“Erin Solstice. You mean…Erin Solstice.”
Ylawes’ eyes widened. He looked at the Grand Magus. The half-Elf stared at him, then put a finger to his temple.
“Come with me. Find a Scroll of [Messages]. Oh—and if you see an idiot wearing blue robes, toss him out the nearest window. Or just stab him.”
 
——
 
It was at this moment when the little Gnoll girl shyly ducked her head in front of the oldest [Shaman] in the Meeting of Tribes. Perhaps the world.
Shaman Perbne, the [Chief Shaman] of the tribe, bowed as the old, old Shaman Theikha of Gaarh Marsh, semi-retired but most venerable of all, peered at Mrsha.
She had graciously come to their location, upon no less than Weatherfur and Ekhtouch’s request. It was highly unusual; even if two famous tribes asked, they should come to her.
However, Theikha was spry enough, and the odd request was curious. Now, she fixed Mrsha with a calm stare that had the nervous girl sitting up straight. Mrsha was no stranger to important people, but this old Gnoll woman reminded her of her [Shaman].
And…Mrsha needed her help.
