8.60
Page 20
A hint of a defensive tone entered the [Necromancer]’s voice. He frowned around. Eloque looked at him, and the look turned to hesitation.
“You haven’t said a word to anyone all day. What’s wrong?”
The [Necromancer] scratched at the scarred skin around his neck, snatched his hand down, and gazed past them all.
“Nothing. Just thoughts.”
His friends looked at him. The [Necromancer] glanced about and realized he hadn’t refined any of the undead into advanced versions and hadn’t he better do that? He hurried off, and they followed.
It took them nearly four hours to get the reason out of him.
 
——
 
The music grated on his nerves. Niers Astoragon sat on the little pedestal he’d had recreated so he could ride in the view of others.
It got on his nerves, yet he didn’t snap at the Hobgoblin playing it because he knew exactly why it was playing.
It wasn’t even a sad song. It was…
The Ballad of the Redfangs. Numbtongue played it, again and again, and added another verse. As he played, Antinium looked up at the sky.
The others did. Infinitypear, Grass Shell, Touma the Great…and the Goblins chattered. Telling stories. The others listened, the Ghostly Hand tribe, to the Cave Goblins who told them of the leader of the Redfangs.
Salvation from the Raskghar. Rasktooth showed the tooth and waved his claws. Trying to get them to see it.
Cookies. A poofy hat from the luckiest Goblin ever. Five Hobgoblins and a cave. Another time.
A little bee buzzed about the heads of the Antinium, flying through the sky and remembering when she’d first come out of that little jar, and the world had been terrifying until that big blob with the red stuff fed her. And there had been that other blob too.
She missed that blob. Everything had been simpler, back then. She missed the white one, too. Apista didn’t smoke any Dreamleaf.
Niers didn’t either. But he had lit a bit of actual tobacco. He smoked it, sitting with an expression like thunder such that not even the biggest Gnoll fans quite dared approach him.
Failure. The [Strategist] counted each one. Listed it out, exactly in every mistake he’d made. Overconfidence, a lack of awareness. Preparation.
He worked backwards in time and his list had countless entries. He went back, then started again. The list had names and places. People. He smoked furiously. An angry Fraerling glaring at nothing.
Numbtongue just sat there. The Antinium stared at the sky. Only the Crimson Soldier looked ahead. The world was far better. If she came back, she came back.
It was far better even so, and she joined the fallen.
Garia and Fals jogged ahead, not really saying anything. Fierre scribbled furiously, sending little [Message] spells, checking the news, and not really processing anything she did. Gna and Salkis looked about. Gna knew part of it and was silent.
Salkis was impatient, fidgety, but aware this was not the time to interrupt. Pivr and Xeu looked about, wondering what everyone was staring at up above them and what they were missing.
The Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings, like their comrades, held their hats in their hands, walking along solemnly.
As for Ulvama? She sat in the wagon, pretending to be sleeping, as Octavia listened to Numbtongue’s songs and occasionally shed some tears. Upon which, she’d uncork a vial, let the tears roll into it, and hurry to start a potion or grind some ingredients. Then…her hands would slow until she was wiping at her eyes again.
