8.60
Page 4
“You don’t need to be searched, Artisan Reson, sir. Apologies for the delay. We’re simply trying to expedite the entry process. We’ll summon more [Guards] and have you all into the city within the hour. My name is Guardsman Calog, on gate-duty for this day. Can I assist you all? Are any of you hungry, in need of the privy?”
Reson blinked. He took Calog’s hand uncertainly.
“I—that’s very good of you, Guardsman Calog. There might be some people, but we’re content to enter properly.”
He emphasized the word. Relc smiled slightly as Calog glanced at him. Mudsa whispered to Relc.
“You weren’t kidding.”
He nodded as Calog turned his head and whistled.
“It’s only a formality, sir. We have the Watch Captain on the way to meet you all. There’s no need for alarm. We only need to ask you, under truth spell, about past crimes and intentions…we’re a Gnoll-friendly city, see?”
Six more [Guards] walked out of their posts, trading with Humans, Drakes, and an Antinium with a baton. They were all Gnolls, and waved or smiled at the Cellidel crowd. Relc smiled as Reson relaxed at the sight of them.
Indeed, beyond the gates, citizens of Liscor had certainly noticed the commotion. And unlike Cellidel’s people, they had no problems walking out of the gates. Drakes, Gnolls, and Humans. Someone peered at the crowd.
“Oh, are these more visitors? People coming to Liscor? What a crowd! And—wait a second, is that Relc? I’d recognize you anywhere!”
A finger pointed accusingly at Relc. He turned and saw a Drake pointing at him.
“Where have you been all this time? Are these that horrible Drake city’s people I heard about?”
The Cellidel folk started. A group of Gnolls came out of the city and stared. They waved, and one even began to howl before someone kicked her. The growing crowd was murmuring.
“Oh, look. More Gnolls. Maybe we can put them in our district and win the vote this year.”
“Is that Relc? Where’s he been?”
“Why are we all standing here? Monster attack? New food? News?”
“Aha! This is the Cellidel group! They made it. Where’s a councilmember? They’re going to want to be here to take charge—”
More and more people were staring at Relc. He waved, recognizing faces, but his stomach lurched. There were people in that crowd who had fallen victim to the Golden Triangle scam. And he had not been gone long.
However, no one seemed angry. If anything…they pointed at him. Some even grinned. And then came a voice out of the crowd.
“You did it, you bastard.”
The others went silent. They turned, and someone called out.
“You got them from Cellidel, and showed that city what’s what. Welcome back, Relc. Well done.”
A Gnoll called out. The people of Liscor looked at him, along with the Watch, Cellidel’s people…Vok saw the Gnoll hesitate, grimace.
“What? Someone had to say it. It doesn’t sound right. Well done, Relc. Sounds wrong. But someone had to.”
People laughed, but more murmured agreement. A few even clapped, but that was going too far. Relc looked around and smiled. He was turning back to Mudsa to figure out the entry process when someone shouted.
“Senior Guardsman Relc! Stand to attention!”
Senior Guardsman Relc snapped up as a familiar voice rang out, and the marching sound of boots echoed down the street. Cellidel’s people froze.
Here came the Watch. But—the female Drake leading them had a mostly Gnoll army of [Guards]. She must have pulled every Gnoll on-duty and on patrol and switched them out.
