8.60
Page 36
“Shaman Theikha. I thank you greatly for coming. The circumstances are…odd. Such that we must trouble you. However, the long and short of it is that Silverfang and four other tribes ask that you give us your great wisdom in divining a cure for a deathly-ill Human. A great friend of Gnolls. This child has come so far and hopes you will help us.”
“Ah. I see.”
Theikha glanced at Mrsha, and the Gnoll shyly waved. An over-nervous Gnoll woman interrupted.
“Honored Theikha, I am Krshia Silverfang. This is Mri, and she is very shy, but wished to see you. May I offer you food, refreshment? Anything else?”
They had all of that placed in front of Theikha, but Krshia and Chieftain Torishi Weatherfur and Akrisa were all here. So were Gire, Shaman Cetrule, even Satar as a young [Shaman], and two of Weatherfur’s [Shamans].
Not just because necessity demanded honoring Theikha, but because they wanted to meet one of the oldest [Shamans] themselves. The old Gnoll looked at Mrsha again and nodded to Krshia.
“Let us hear your plea. We can do no less for brave Silverfang, who has unveiled dark truths to us in these times. Do you have details?”
“I do, and a first-hand account, Honored Theikha. There are many factors…a friend is in Oteslia, seeking a cure, and we are retrieving their work. There is an [Alchemist]—but I get ahead of myself, forgive me.”
Krshia stuttered with nervousness, but Theikha smiled and she relaxed a bit. Mrsha edged backwards towards the opening of the tent, where someone was poring over an artifact.
“Well? Can she help?”
Rose whispered to Mrsha. The Gnoll girl hesitated, but Gire shook her head.
“They’re explaining the situation. Where’s the details about the injury?”
She hugged Mrsha as the Gnoll girl came out. Tkrn, even Tesy and Vetn, were all huddled around the tent’s opening, but kept fleeing every time Akrisa turned to glower. An annoyed Gnoll with golden fur was growling to herself.
“I’m trying to get it! Dead gods, don’t any of you believe in prep-work?”
“What’s wrong? Doesn’t the Mage’s Guild in Oteslia have it?”
Qwera, the Golden Gnoll of Izril stared down at her [Message] Scroll as Mrsha peeked over her shoulder. So did a Human woman, a [Merchant], Ysara Byres, with her brows raised. Qwera shook her head.
“You will not believe this…”
 
——
 
Lyonette du Marquin was frozen. Saliss was half-eying Wilovan, who had his fist slightly raised. The calm Gentleman Caller looked like even his patience was fraying.
But they were all looking down at the message scroll. Because this?
Lyonette’s lips moved. There was only one effect she had ever known that could cause this. Her hands were shaking.
 
Wall Lord Ilvriss: Hello. Hello, is there an expert on frost magic in this ‘discussion room’? I am prepared to financially back any project with a verifiable cure. Payment on successful delivery.
Fetohep of Khelt: I am Fetohep of Khelt. No payment is necessary. One shall not want for fulfillment as Khelt is my witness.
Wall Lord Ilvriss: Is this…Fetohep of Khelt, Ruler of Khelt, the nation?
Fetohep of Khelt: No less.
Golden Gnoll: Buttered goat testicles, is this real?
Fetohep: I’m Fetohep and I hate undead. Bleh.
Lionette: Dead gods. I am so sorry. I apologize without reserve—that is Saliss again.
Viscount Visophecin: It becomes clear that fraud is an issue. This system proposed by Wistram reveals more faults than benefits.
GSNF: True, but we are communicating multi-way. That’s something only a few groups like the Walled Cities can manage.
