8.60
Page 47
Queen R: Listen to me, you don’t need a higher-tier magic, but a specific one. Even something as simple as [Ice’s Caress]—if you could cast it on this person despite them not being alive—combined with [Warming Touch] would work.
Rhis: [Warming Touch]. What are we, children?
Queen R: You are irking me, little man. Stop posturing.
Witch A: So says the girl who can’t even hide her location. XD
Rhis: Hah! True.
Viscount V: I do not know if ‘Queen R’ is fitting. Without identity checks, I am leery of the concept…
Queen R: You are all getting on my nerves. I will remember this. I am among the finest spellcasters here, I have no doubt.
Rhis: What amazingly misplaced confidence.
Eldavin: With respect, my dear, I am the Grand Magus of Wistram.
Queen R: I am not your dear. I am over Level 40 in my magic class and—
Mri: Pshaw! Is that all? Come back when thou art of proper age, child. Have a goat’s milk.
Rhis: Hilarious. It was worth coming here.
Eldavin: Heh.
Witch A: XD XD XD
Queen R: I will remember this. All of you. All of you are upon my list.
Mri: I shake in my boots.
 
Queen R left the chat, much to the amusement of the others, but in that moment, someone began to write.
 
Ice Squirrel: I remember freezing the skin off my hand.
Witch A: :O. Painful.
Rhis: Wonderful. Is this an example not to learn from…?
Hecrelunn: Hm.
Ice Squirrel: My master always warned me about that backlash. [Cryomancers] survive cold magic by having natural resistance to cold, don’t they?
Magus G: That is standard theory, yes. Where are you going with this, Ice Squirrel? Glad you’re alive.
Ice Squirrel: Thanks, Testicles.
Rhis: What.
Mri: HAHAHAHA
YlawesB: I get that reference! I think?
Ice Squirrel: However, [Cryomancers] have to cast magic around…other people. Normally we restrict the area of casting or just cast frost protection spells. However, if you do need to thaw flesh…does [Cooling Wind] make sense to anyone?
Eldavin: Hmm!
Archmage V: That is odd. That is a Tier 1 aeromancy-cryomancy spell, more focus on aeromancy, with little efficacious effects. I cannot see why you would mention it.
Ice Squirrel: Something my master once said? I don’t recall. The theory is…well, I can’t quite reach it. Can someone help me out?
Rhis: Interesting.
Anonymous Spellcaster A: I believe I am grasping what she’s talking about.
Eldavin: Oh? I think I understand.
Rhis: Enlighten us and we will check your theory.
Anonymous Spellcaster A: [Cooling Wind] has little use as a spell for…anything. Aside from temperature regulation. However, it is so low-level that it’s closer to Tier 0.
Archmage V: Yes! But it has one interesting feature. It does not generate any cold.
Anonymous Spellcaster A: Precisely. It removes cold from one target to create cold air. Which is why it is not even that cooling…however, on a fundamental level, it’s different from the generation of heat.
Rhis: Of course.
Viscount V: I begin to understand. This is similar to [Void Room] in theory. The removal of something rather than…
Ice Squirrel: Yes! That’s it! She said there was a way to remove cold rather than heating and…hurting the flesh? 
Eldavin: Magus G? Your opinion?
Magus G: In theory, removing the cold itself is less traumatizing than heating skin and creating two opposing elements. It would certainly be the smoothest method of thawing Miss Solstice I could imagine—if you could scale that up for a body-wide, seamless induction of heat.
Visophecin V: Ah. Adjust this spell in that manner? Quite possible.
Magus G: …I don’t believe it is that simple. Most spells cannot be altered at a fundamental level.
