8.60
Page 55
From Izril to Baleros, across Igawiz’s Jet, to deliver a cure. Against the Assassin’s Guild of Izril—if there was something to be proud of in this continent, it was probably them.
Which Courier? Everyone strained to see. Then they saw the Courier.
No…
Couriers? There were two, but it was one. When you heard their name, you might not understand. Each Courier had a title. But the name belonged to neither.
Niers understood. He saw a man, a [Mage], riding a horse as pale as the rays of the night sky, silver and grey. One half of a pair that would never meet again.
Ci. And the man, Salamani. The Mage Runner and one half of the Moonlight Rider. So when they referred to the two now, they called them:
Tritel’s Legacy.
The Courier rode towards Niers Astoragon as he stood there. He lifted a hand, and Bird looked at him and lifted all four of his so Salamani could see. The Antinium waved, and the Courier slowed down. He looked at their faces, Salamani’s haunted more since they had seen him. Yet he slid from the saddle.
“Erin Solstice?”
That was all he said. He looked at the Titan of Baleros and blinked, but Niers Astoragon just nodded. He took the hat from his head.
“Part of the cure, bound for Saliss of Lights in Oteslia, Courier. The Forgotten Wing Company and Khelt back your delivery. Let nothing stand between you and Oteslia.”
He gestured and Salamani stared at the Goblins. He saw the basket one offered him, with an autograph card, and ignored the latter. He reached out for the mushrooms, so translucent they looked like a memory, and hesitated as he went to put them on Ci’s saddle. The horse looked past them all, and Salamani turned.
“This. Is this part of the cure? Or is it something that will help? Is it…?”
Niers Astoragon looked him straight in the eye.
“It’s time.”
Salamani nodded. He almost smiled. Then he leapt into the saddle and rode.
Straight ahead, on a delivery to complete a task from around the world. Many people’s efforts, sacrifice, and hopes. He rode as if there were no army, walls, or obstacles between him and his destination. Nor did he slow.
At last—
It was time.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: It is my custom to release this chapter to the Public and Patreons at the same time. So if you are here, welcome to both of you.
I had a grand announcement for today. But since I have one more chapter before my break, I will announce it there since it is a lengthy explanation. Then I will rest for a time, but I will deliver the New Year’s gift sometime after…New Year’s.
For later. For now, I hope you enjoy this chapter. It may be a bit—late—depending on where you are, but I’ve worked to get it done, and I hope you like it if you read. If not, I hope you are having a happy holiday’s no matter where you are.
Thanks for reading. I could say more, but I always say that since that’s pretty much all of it. The rest is just how it looks. I hope to see you next year and that this story gives you something. Until next chapter,
—pirateaba
 
A Collaboration Christmas Image by GridCube, AuspiciousOctopi, Red, QtheBird, EdgeDancer, Giraffe, Pop[Pisces Enthusiast], Nenka, Me, MezzoCatorce, Lanrae, Brack, LeChatDemon,SystemGlitch!

 
Ghost Talks and Proposals (That Never Happened) by LeChatDemon!


DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/demoniccriminal
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/lechatdemon
Stash with all the TWI related art: https://sta.sh/222s6jxhlt0





 





 
Calendar 21-24 by ArtsyNada!

Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/illudanajohns/
Ko-fi: https://ko-fi.com/illudanajohns
Commission info: https://i.imgur.com/OmNDuK8.jpg

