8.60
Page 18
Mrsha didn’t want Gire to do anything. She just cried into her cup as the others came over. Inkar didn’t know why.
Tkrn did. So did Beilmark and other Gnolls from home. So the Senior Guardswoman sat down, took off her helm, placed her badge on the table, and put Mrsha on her knee. Tkrn tried to explain, and Mrsha kept crying. For a bit.
She didn’t let Gire stop her, or anyone cheer her up until she was done. Because she was supposed to cry when bad things happened. She clung to Gire’s arm too, and rubbed her snot into Gire’s fur.
“Ew.”
Yet the [Paragon] didn’t pull away. She listened.
 
——
 
This was how it went. It was like…a stack of cards. A pile of painted wooden blocks. And someone had just kicked in one of the support beams.
Not maliciously, but in that Relc-way…it was him.
News of home.
It struck them all differently. Lyonette du Marquin looked up.
“He’s back?”
A figure nodded. Someone stirred uneasily. One of the Thronebearers glanced warily at her, but Ratici’s hat was off his head…and held between his claws.
It was not the same. Lyonette saw the Drake’s somber face.
“I’m glad.”
She put down her quill for a second. Cirediel and Rafaema, hovering there, looked at the [Princess] as she pressed the heels of her palms into her eyes. A [Princess] did not cry, though; that would ruin her makeup.
One second, two…and Lyonette took a deep breath. She looked up, and her eyes shone, but her jaw was set.
“That’s wonderful news. If you could send him a word—tell him that we will see him soon. I may—send him something else later.”
“Of course, Miss Lyonette.”
Ratici dipped his head and walked back. Wilovan took off his hat for a second. The two Gentlemen Callers went for a walk, hats in their hands.
They scared the living daylights out of everyone they met, but they held the hats. Talking softly, walking like gentlemen. If anyone stopped them…
That was why they held the hats. Not today.
Lyonette du Marquin looked around.
“Would you all…excuse me for a moment? I must freshen myself up.”
“What, the toil—”
Rafaema stamped so hard and fast that Cire doubled over, clutching wordlessly at his foot. She nodded, and Lyonette rose. Ser Sest held the door open as she retreated.
To shed tears in private. The others stood around, uncertain of what to do. Some people went around calmly.
 
——
 
Xif and Saliss glanced up when they heard the news. The Gnoll blinked and wiped at his spectacles. Saliss’ claws never wavered.
“Thanks. Shut the door on your way out. Semi-poisonous gas.”
They kept working.
 
——
 
Like Ilvriss. On such days, he kept writing orders to his company, Alrric, and the Salazsar forces. His quill scritched across the parchment, and Osthia Blackwing didn’t see anything different about him.
But on such days, sometime between her delivering [Messages] and correspondence, something would appear on the desk, carefully placed above the pages and away from the quill and inkpot.
It would be a little amulet with a clasp. The kind you could open. The Wall Lord would carefully angle it and keep working. He would never glance at it that she could see in the brief snippets when she saw him.
However, it was there. If you saw it, you’d put the nonsense about Lyonette and wedding rings behind you.
That little illustration he had found somewhere and put in the amulet was not of a Human. Not a [Princess] nor an [Innkeeper]. After all. When he thought of Erin—
He thought of her.
 
——
 
It might be resonance.
Or synchronicity.
The explanation might be Relc.
Or a memory of the fall. When she first came to this world.
Perhaps it was just time.
