8.60
Page 53
RainyEarl: Well done.
Witch A: THAT IS ENOUGH FOR MANY POTIONS. GIVE SOME TO ME. HOW DO YOU HAVE THEM
Alchemist I: Could I also obtain some…?
Saliss: Eat your tail. I’ll make it. Thanks, Tall Guy.
Yvlon: But who is this?
 
Niers Astoragon kicked the edge of the [Message] scroll and it rolled up. Someone nearly flicked him off the table in return. The Titan looked up at Numbtongue, Garia, Fals, Gothica, Infinitypear…
Everyone. Fierre unrolled her [Message] scroll, but Niers was walking away.
He wasn’t smiling. He stood, with his hands on his hips, looking out at the halted procession of Gnolls.
An army indeed. The Lomost Tribe and the Ghostly Hand tribe. Goblins, Gnolls—and the group from the inn, who had all stopped to read the scroll.
Fierre herself had brought it to his attention. Niers Astoragon inhaled and exhaled. His heart was beating fast, as it always did when he saw everything on the table, or in the air.
He felt it too. But unlike them, the [Grandmaster Strategist] watched. He waited. Until the puzzle fit. Until the moment came to strike. And then…
The [Bard] Hobgoblin looked at Niers. He had strode away, but the Fraerling was so small that he was only to the edge of the table. Numbtongue pointed urgently at the scroll.
“What are you doing?”
“Stop unrolling that scroll and don’t reply. I shielded us via Skills from their magic game of tag, but those are some high-level people in chat.”
“But the cure. You said you’d give them all the mushrooms.”
Chieftain Shaik corrected Garia. She tapped her chest where the white handprint was.
“Our mushrooms. You pay? Very hard to grow.”
Niers raised his brows at her.
“Khelt’s gold. Undead gold. But lots of it. Maybe even artifacts. How does that sound? He is a Revenant, but he keeps his word, even to Goblins.”
The Goblin Chieftain raised her brows and gave him a wicked grin.
“You can take.”
“But the mushrooms. We need to get them to Oteslia…by tomorrow? That’s a long run. I mean, we’re close. Fals, if you and I push it—”
Fierre broke in, waving a hand urgently.
“I can help. I can run almost as fast as Ryoka. What if we took a Wyvern?”
“There’s an army camped around Oteslia. Bad death. Lots-of-arrows death.”
Icecube looked alarmed as Snapjaw patted his leg. Niers just smiled to himself. Numbtongue narrowed his eyes. He put his finger against his thumb, and held it ready to flick.
“You keen on losing that finger, Numbtongue?”
Niers didn’t even look around. The [Bard] narrowed his eyes.
“Funny man. You have a plan.”
The others stopped arguing and looked up. Salkis slapped her forehead.
“Of course he does. That’s the Titan. Am I dreaming? Someone hit me.”
She’d asked that for days straight. Gothica obligingly kicked her in the shin with her boots. The Titan of Baleros just laughed. He stared up at the sky.
“Yes, I do. Do you think I’m a fool? Don’t answer that.”
Bird lowered his hand and Badarrow nudged him, grinning. Niers went on.
“There was a reason I asked for the [Message] scroll at the start and kept my cards close to my chest. You can’t interrupt a good flow. Besides—what could I have done other than be part of it?”
Aside from being part of it? The others looked at him. Niers just smiled.
“Wait. Watch. When they clash and the glory is on the field, the [Strategist] is watching. They don’t lead that final charge or die in the heart of it. They were never there. If they are, it’s because they have to shift the odds themselves. I don’t usually risk it, but I’ve been known to. I looked at this all, learned what I could—took notes for later. But there was only one thing I could do.”
“And?”
