8.60
Page 21
Ulvama just stared up at the sky, one eyelid cracked open. Listening to the Goblins talk. Gothica added another spike to her parasol. Apista flew up, showing a Screaming Hawk her stinger.
Come on, bring it. Bring it. No? Why are you flying away, buddy? Huh? Huuuh?
 
——
 
There were more, of course. Many people knew her, and wanted to help. Griffon Hunt. The Halfseekers.
Some knew her, but didn’t mourn. Not fully. They had never known her.
Almost. A few more days and he would have.
The [Emperor] thought of that, now and then.
But not this day.
If you grieved, properly, you had known her. Like the [Strategist] pushing forwards with blood on the ground. Pursuing the one foe he had no forgiveness for. For two deaths.
However. Grief went hand in hand with glory. And it was that first story, that even the Cave Goblins didn’t know, that Rags told the Goblins of the Molten Stone tribe.
Anazurhe, the Goblin Chieftain [Witch], listened to the first tale of Erin Solstice. A Human who had every reason to hate Goblins because they had not been kind to her. Who had earned her first nickname.
Destroyer. She had killed a Goblin Chieftain. They had tried to kill her, more than once. They had killed her friend.
What was astonishing, why she mattered so much, was not that she had extended a hand in mercy and kindness to Goblins. Others had done that before. What mattered was that she had done that after it all. Despite it all. Because not all Goblins were alike.
Perhaps that was why the little Goblin, Rags, sat there in the great halls of the Molten Stone Goblins, dining with rich foods that were bought or obtained from far off. Calescent sat, munching happily on the food and trading secrets with the [Chef] here—so he could bring them back to the inn.
Yet Rags? She could have ordered anything she wanted, or trusted to the Molten Stone tribe to provide her with an unforgettable meal, like the giant, cooked roach they had placed in front of the Healer of Tenbault.
Actually tasty, if the woman bothered to try it.
Yet Rags had not. She poked at the plate in front of her, which was almost offensively plain…
Spaghetti. Anazurhe kept glancing at it, because Rags was eating.
“Ah. Is that why you eat that?”
She pointed a finger at Rags. The Great Chieftain of the Flooded Waters tribe glanced up and nodded. She took another bite.
“It tastes like memory.”
 
——
 
How many? The Players of Celum raised a glass, and performed with a tribute to the inspiration behind their play, the ‘Innkeeper of Solstice’, that night.
[Lords] and [Ladies] who had met the strange young woman, seen her at Lord Toldos’ funeral, remarked on the tragedy.
People of Liscor told stories about the really interesting times, when Liscor had begun to change, to the newcomers.
A Dwarf [Smith] worked furiously at his anvil.
Kevin stopped climbing back towards the resting Wyverns and looked around, before sighing hard and continuing his march.
Imani checked out of work early to go for a walk with Palt.
The Free Antinium stood silent and listened to a [Priest].
And there were far more. A [Baker] who baked bread and passed out loaves of it within his Hive. A Sinew Magus who pushed his apprentices so hard they collapsed because he had seen better and braver.
A couple who ran a bar in Pallass.
A young man in Wistram, who looked at all the magic and wondrous artifacts and felt something was still missing.
 
——
 
A [Knight] paused as he rode swiftly through a forest, evading [Scouts]. He looked around, and remembered an inn. A vision. A [General]’s strength.
