8.60
Page 37
Wall Lord Ilvriss: I can verify this. Although the Walled Cities’ networks are encrypted. I believe this is an unsecured spell?
Fetohep: My sendings are secure. I cannot vouch for individuals elsewhere. Nor do I lack for such means.
Witch A: We’re just a Mage’s Guild in Anazuland. Hello! Please don’t spy on us, Wistram. :<
Saliss: Did that Witch just draw a sad face? This is amazing.
Anonymous Spellcaster A: I also would find the intrusion into my personal life discouraging. Good evening. This is an intriguing event.
Saliss: Who this.
Alchemist I: Salutations to all and sundry. I too, would like to participate in this discussion as an interested party into cures. I am an [Alchemist] of some means.
Ice Squirrel: Oh snap. Is that you?
Alchemist I: Yes.
GSNF: I am getting tired of so many people dropping in. This is chaos. Wistram, what are you doing?
Grand Magus Eldavin: I have reprimanded the offending party. Excuse me. You should see your [Message] scrolls rearranging. If you have a telepathic link, I suggest you retrieve an artifact.
Golden Gnoll: WHAT IS HAPPENING TO MY SCROLL
Grand Magus Eldavin: You now see multiple ‘rooms’ into which each intrigued party may write. This may alleviate the effects of so many parties conversing at once. Once again, I apologize for the issue. I tender my regrets to King Fetohep, Queen Yisame and the Great Sage of Nerrhavia’s Fallen, Viscount Visophecin, Wall Lord Ilvriss, and any other parties.
Anonymous Spellcaster A: Fascinating. You are the redoubtable Grand Magus of which many have spoken? It is an honor to meet with you.
Eldavin: And you are likewise intriguing. May I know your name?
Anonymous Spellcaster A: I am a simple [Mage] who was persuaded to look into Miss Solstice’s case by a mutual friend.
 
Visophecin looked at Ryoka. His fingers were twitching. Ryoka stared at the complex sigils that Azemith and two more of the Lucifen’s best were drawing. Fithea was frowning at a scrying orb.
“That is a lie. There are a few shielded spells, such as Fetohep of Khelt’s. However, I can pick up the details on most. Locations, even magical signatures.”
“Who is lacking, Visophecin? I count…they cannot be shielding themselves. They cannot! This is the Waning World!”
Azemith was frowning deeply. Visophecin was calmer.
“They can and do. This Grand Magus is a superior spellcaster, as we knew. Witch A…Fetohep of Khelt. And Spellcaster A. No…there is someone else, but they have written nothing. Interesting.”
Ryoka was shaking.
“I think I know who some of them are.”
Visophecin glanced at her.
“In that case…”
 
Windy Girl: Hello.
Saliss: Hey! You’re alive! Amateur.
Lionette: RYOKA?!
Windy Girl: No? That’s not me.
GSNF: Even I can tell that’s a lie. Hold on, I’m getting more snacks. This is hugely entertaining. Wait…someone’s having a choking fit. 
Ice Squirrel: IT’S ME! Ryoka, you’re alive! We’re here!
Windy Girl: Is this ‘C’?
Ice Squirrel: Yep!
Mons: You’re alive!
Ice Squirrel: MONS!?
V: So fascinating. Hello, Eldavin.
Eldavin: Ah, you too? Salutations, V. 
 
That was one chat which was going off the rails, into the water, and possibly through the Kraken’s maw. Another room was going ballistic as well.
 
Mri: …So unto you, I render the highest compliments of my personage, and a fine greetings to all parties not hither-to presented into this venerable estate of communications.
Fetohep: Your address is well-received, Mri. 
Lionette: Is that you, Mri?
Mri: It is, forsooth.
GSNF: I don’t think you know what that word means.
Golden Gnoll: How do you have a message scroll, Mri?
