8.60
Page 43
Windy Girl: Fetohep is right. We’re all here for the same reasons, aren’t we? You might need three rooms, though. Aren’t there three components? Healing, antidote, freezing spell?
Ilvriss: The potion has been taken care of. Healing, I mean. Unless a Potion of Regeneration at about one third dosage is not acceptable…?
Fetohep: Ah, this is commendable. A replacement can be arranged if need be, but I am assured it is effective. I shall ‘set up’ such rooms then and preannounce them.
Windy Girl: Don’t do that. I’ll write it into potions and tag…um, Saliss, Witch A, and Alchemist I. Anyone who wants can jump in. That’s efficient.
Hecrelunn, Vizir: You are insolent, whomsoever you are, before the rulers of Khelt.
Windy Girl: Hey, Hecrelunn. Shut up.
 
Which was a mistake, or so he felt—until he saw ‘Windy Girl’ disappear from that chat and appear in another room. The furious Hecrelunn followed her in, and their exchange of insults was joined by ‘Mri’, ‘Saliss’, and ‘Beard Lad’.
Impressive. He saw what this person was doing. Meanwhile—a kind of order restored itself. Yet even that was…beyond interesting.
 
Saliss: Alright, alright. Antidotes. Everyone keeps saying ethereal-type reagents are the way to go, but who has any?
Witch A: I have a few, but not enough to make a full potion out of.
Alchemist I: Or experiment. Sadly, my stocks would also be lacking, but I have the expertise to alter…any standard antidote. Is this some kind of advanced poison? Rotlung? Hetheic Death? Magical-vectors?
Saliss: It’s…a poisonous berry enhanced with some snake venom. Cosqe Stinger is the local term. About Intensity…14 on Relik’s Scale.
Alchemist I: I see…and the issue is? Not that I would trust Saliss of Lights to cure warts.
Witch A: Funny. :)
Saliss: You’re hilarious. Everyone must love you. Listen, I’ve made the cure. Liquid, gas—it’s for a giant ice cube, and that’s why it’s difficult. Understand? Do you need me to write down the exact ingredients?
Alchemist I: You may if you are attempting to alter a potion to interact with frozen flesh. What have you tried?
Saliss: Funny thing. You only get one chance. I think they’re trying the cure on squirrels.
GSNF: Regular squirrels, or is that a euphemism?
Saliss: Regular squirrels. I gave them a simple liquid injection, but ethereal-type potions aside, there’s no good vector.
Viscount V: Have you considered teleporting the liquids into the injuries…?
Saliss: What.
Witch A: That is not how potions work.
Viscount V: Apologies.
Archmage V: I have actually looked into a spell that would simultaneously redivide and redirect such potions like that—but the complexity and variance in each body makes it difficult.
Saliss: What she said. Listen, I don’t have another solution. Frozen flesh. Non-moving blood…
Alchemist I: Seeker liquid.
Saliss: Seeker…
Witch A: So smart. :o
GSNF: Hold on, can anyone actually make seeker liquids anymore? I’m only familiar with hostile liquids.
Alchemist I: I assure you, it’s possible. Seeker liquid antidote combined with a high intensity soak-factor.
Saliss: You’ll poison her with the antidote.
Witch A: Not if you use Skills. [Beneficial Tonic]?
Alchemist I: Exactly. I would also venture a guess that you could trial the ethereal-antidotes by replacing the missing component with a translucence-type reagent. Obviously, you would alter for the actual ingredient, but a sample antidote recipe lacking only for the exact ingredient could be formulated. I am close to my workstation and can attempt it tonight. Someone must, it seems.
Witch A: Brutal. :)
