8.60
Page 39
Eldavin: Would you consider some gesture a fitting act to consider a pardon? Queen Yisame and I did speak briefly; I would very much like to talk to her.
GSNF: Interesting. What would that be about? 
Eldavin: A certain young woman in some distress regarding crimes committed or not. I would very much like clarity on the issue.
GSNF: Dead gods, how many young women are committing crimes in this damn nation? I’m not really willing to discuss information that may be confidential and I don’t know anything about. Can someone write a name?
Mri: Often, the greatest act of redemption is the vocalization of an apology. Yet what spirit can endure such humility without losing some of its own self worth? Forgiveness without is a virtue among like-minded spirits of such nobility.
Fetohep: Intriguing sentiments. What class do you possess, Mri?
Mri: I have often been described as a [Druid], but my ambitions soar to [Wizard], [Adventurer] itself, and other passions.
Fetohep: Ah, there is a spirit long lost.
Eldavin: Indeed, indeed, but perhaps not on topic? Excuse me. ‘Offtopic’?
Golden Gnoll: Yvlon Byres is my name. I would like to pay her debts.
Ice Squirrel: Wait, that’s my person too.
GSNF: ████████████████████████████
 
That was actually more like a huge blotch of ink.
 
GSNF: Sorry. Did you say that was your ‘teammate’, Ice Squirrel?
Ice Squirrel: Yes…
Eldavin: Yvlon Byres is the person of my concern as well.
Mri: I have occasioned a passing regard for Yvlon Byres, and am willing to put down good coin upon her release for whatever misdemeanors she has incurred.
GSNF: I…may have it on good authority that Yvlon Byres was freed and pardoned of all crimes this morning. I may even be able to put her on this scroll.
Ice Squirrel: WHAT.
Golden Gnoll: That’s incredible. Incredibly suspicious. Can Yvlon give us some information her…sister might recognize?
Eldavin: Her brother is standing next to me.
Ice Squirrel: WHAAAAT
Eldavin: He appears to be having heart failure. One moment.
 
The best part—or most chaotic—was that they were still coming in. By chance and, increasingly, because Wistram was notifying people who had inquired into this subject before.
Some had no access to [Message] scrolls or willing [Mages]. However, this was a Moment, and it was being at least partly manufactured. By [Mages] who thought even this gathering was worth a big secret—until their own [Message] scrolls began catching on fire.
 
Eldavin: Enough peeking. Any links within the academy will be backtraced and burned.
Viscount V: Admirable spellcasting. Is this a new feature Wistram intends to offer, by any chance?
Eldavin: That is the theory, yes. You are familiar with basic message-linking?
Viscount V: Naturally.
GSNF: I assumed Wistram forgot.
Anonymous Spellcaster A: There is much Wistram forgets, with respect.
Eldavin: No offense taken. I am attempting to rectify the magical situation here.
Alchemist I: Very commendable, Grand Magus. If we are ever to meet, I should highly like to sample a vintage from the villages with you.
Eldavin: Intriguing. I may accept. That presupposes I know who you are.
Alchemist I: I believe I would make it a point to seek you out.
GSNF: Not ominous at all.
jort2003: lol
Viscount V: What is that name?
Eldavin: That expression…
GSNF: I assume someone sneezed on the parchment or that’s a word. 
Alchemist I: In which dictionary.
jort2003: srry. this is wild.
Eldavin: Correct your spelling at once. Name yourself. Pallass?
jort2003: !!!
Viscount V: Ah, backtracing. I would politely ask you refrain from doing so.
