8.60
Page 46
Eldavin: Quite a bold claim. And you suggest a [Researcher] in Oteslia can cast this spell because…?
Rhis: Do spell scrolls not exist in your understanding of the world?
Eldavin: No more than politeness lacks in yours, apparently. I would not fortify Miss Solstice’s flesh. If I were to skip to advanced spells, I would cast [Room of Paradise], which would, as a byproduct of the spell, instantly remove all ice and cold from her body.
Viscount V: That is quite a…powerful spell.
Anonymous Spellcaster A: Indeed. This is beyond me, greatly. Which spell school is this?
Rhis: Transmutation.
Eldavin: Transmutation.
Rhis: You also lack finesse. [Room of Paradise] simply removes and maintains an environment; the actual removal of said cold and ice is done poorly. I would venture [Inferno Skin] for the most instantaneous change possible.
Eldavin: You forget Miss Solstice is neither animate nor inanimate. Your spell would lack grounding.
Rhis: In the hypothetical situation.
Eldavin: Mhm.
Hecrelunn: You can alter that spell to target inanimate objects. Or do neither of you practice spell theory?
Archmage V: Wait, would you elaborate on that? Which method is this…?
Viscount V: That is an old style of spellcasting.
Eldavin: I am quite aware of that. I wondered if Duke Rhisveri was…?
Rhis: For someone who thinks runecraft on a frozen body wouldn’t take into account her natural magical field and leylines, you are quite thoughtful.
Queen R: This is astonishingly unhelpful, you fools.
Eldavin: Excuse me?
Rhis: Oho.
Hecrelunn: And your name is?
Queen R: I am someone who actually practices ice magic. None of these spells focus on what matters. Which is maintaining the person affected by the spell. Speed is not as essential as keeping them safe. I knew a fellow spellcaster who froze her own flesh, and she was a [Cryomancer].
Anonymous Spellcaster A: I concur with that theory. If you could apply [Greater Resistance: Cold] to the young woman…that is a working theory. If someone could experiment? I might be able to cast it in a weaker version. Hold on.
GSNF: That’s not going to work.
Eldavin: There are quite a lot of unverified claims flying about. Your expertise and classes?
Queen R: Private. I am an expert, however. At least, in this area. Ice Squirrel, you’re silent.
Ice Squirrel: Thinking.
Viscount V: We are trying this. 
 
Ryoka grabbed for Paxere’s arm.
“No, no! Stop!”
“It’s a bunny.”
The squealing rabbit looked terrified as the amused Lucifen girl held a cold hand towards its face. Viscount Visophecin glanced at Ryoka, puzzled.
“Ah, ethics. Paxere, enough.”
“Mortals. This is to help your friend!”
The Lucifen girl sighed—then tossed the rabbit out the rolling carriage. Ryoka pointed and the wind caught the bunny—
 
Anonymous Spellcaster A: I’ve already trialed this.
Viscount V: Really?
Eldavin: That’s remarkably quick.
Anonymous Spellcaster A: I may know my way around this theory…the problem is that the [Resistance: Cold] spell applied to all of the frozen sample. Including the actual ice, and, I would imagine, clothing…
Magus G: This is true. Damn. Can you re-focus the spell…?
Hecrelunn: In my age, any [Cryomancer] would be able to affect such changes instantly. They have frozen and unfrozen people.
Rhis: Historically? Yes. What you neglect to mention is that such individuals, aside from the highest-leveled [Warriors] or those possessed of great recovery magic, expired in less than a month from the trauma—and only those immediately unfrozen. Those frozen for any period died within days or a week at most.
Hecrelunn: …Perhaps.
