8.60
Page 11
Relc stopped. He looked at Klbkch, who turned his head to regard him calmly.
“Klb. I just got back. You’re my best friend—or you were—and we haven’t seen each other for ages.”
“Ah. But you do have orders to watch me. And if necessary…if the Antinium of the Free Hive were ever to become treacherous, we both know your role.”
Relc nodded slowly.
“Yeah. But I just got back. If we’re going to kill each other, can we do it after we eat? Or tomorrow?”
The Antinium Senior Guardsman looked at Relc. The two stared at each other as every Gnoll on the street sweated under their fur, then Klbkch smiled and Relc laughed and slapped him on the shoulder.
They kept walking. Klbkch didn’t laugh like Relc, who chortled all the way down the street, but he smiled. For Klbkch…
They were back again. Klbkch pointed.
“[Pickpocket]. Left.”
Relc turned his head and saw a Human boy sneaking over. He raised a fist.
“Wait a second, neither of us are on duty. We’re not clocked in, even. I bet someone took my locker.”
“Indeed. So we are civilians with a Watch class, walking about.”
The two looked at each other. Relc raised a fist and shouted so loudly the entire street jumped.
“Hey, you! You brat! Get lost or I’ll break your legs! Wait, am I allowed to do that?”
Klbkch tapped at his chin as the [Pickpocket] looked up and ran for it.
“I believe not, as that would be assault on another person. However, if you witnessed the pickpocketing in progress, perhaps that would be aggravated retaliation against a criminal, in which case you might receive a warning. Threats are, however, quite acceptable.”
“Awesome. Not that I’d do it, you know. I am a [Trusted Sergeant of the Watch], now.”
Relc ran a claw through his neck spines. Klbkch came to a stop. He stared at Relc.
“You are a Watch Sergeant. You consolidated your class.”
Relc puffed out his chest.
“Yep. Twice, actually. [Guardsman of Trust] and then [Sergeant] from my army class. Nothing big. You, uh, level up any? Get some fancy new class?”
Klbkch didn’t reply. He walked forwards, then stopped and turned his head.
“You are a [Trusted Sergeant]. You.”
“Technically, I outrank you now. Not that it matters, Senior Guardsman Klbkch. But, uh, yep. New Skills too, by the way. Squad Skills, even. Probably necessitates a pay raise. And your new class is…you got how many levels?”
The Antinium’s mandibles slowly opened and closed.
“…I have received a new composite body at the height of Antinium form-shaping on Izril, with a multitude of unique capabilities.”
“Right, right. So no new class is what I’m hearing.”
“My mandibles are poisoned.”
“Yeah? And my farts smell. You’ve got nothing.”
Klbkch walked along for a few more steps as Relc grinned behind him. Then the Drake saw Klbkch turn.
“…I do not know if I will still act as a [Guardsman]. There is little reason for me to do so any longer. I returned to see Liscor. I did not know you had left until you returned.”
The Drake’s smile faded. He looked at Klbkch, and the Antinium stood there.
“You’ve changed, Relc.”
The six-foot-three Centenium with his shadow-grey body and lithe form remarked. The Drake checked himself, and tugged at his new chainmail and identical body. He nodded slowly.
“…I guess I have. Sorry for springing it on you, Klb. It just happened.”
The Antinium looked at Relc. He exhaled.
“I forgive you. Would you like to go for a walk, Relc?”
The Drake glanced about.
“I thought we were.”
Klbkchhezeim shook his head. He looked to the walls, and Relc followed his gaze. Slowly, the Drake murmured.
“Oh. In that case…sure.”
 
——
 
