8.60
Page 10
Senior Guardsman Klbkch and Senior Guardsman Relc walked down the street. Off-duty, but word spread ahead of them like a storm.
They were back. The huge Drake with arm muscles second only to Magus Grimalkin, and his huge grin, strode along next to Klbkch, who had gained in height. Yet he adopted the relaxed swagger of a [Guard] on long patrol, nodding to people who stared at him.
For a moment, they just walked like that. As they always had. Walked, and the city of Liscor turned with them.
“Hey. Market Street’s the same as always. Does Lism still have his shop?”
“Evidently. Would you like to make a purchase?”
“Of what? Pork belly? He’s selling pork belly?”
“Am I to understand this is a particularly fine cut of meat? Pig bellies being desirable because…?”
“Klb. Klb. Don’t tell me you’ve never had pork belly before?”
“I have never inquired into the body parts I eat. That is a hamburger. Do you ask which nose went into it?”
A Human paused with a double-fish-pork burger and stared at it with a look of horror—trumped only by the look she gave Klbkch. The stall owner glared, and Relc slapped Klbkch on the shoulder.
“Now that’s the Klbkch I know. Ruining things for everyone.”
“I simply do not see why a belly is more desirable.”
“Taste, probably. I dunno. If something tastes better, everyone wants it, right?”
“Yes. This is simple fact. However, are all pigs the same in terms of belly-quality? Would not some pigs have…superior legs? Would, in theory, a pig’s ear not be better than your average pig’s belly?”
“It’s a belly, Klbkch. Don’t overthink it.”
“A statement perfectly at home with people who possess bellies and belly-buttons. I do not. This is all somewhat strange to me.”
Heads turned as the two [Guards] bantered back and forth. The metaphysics of belly-economics made half the shoppers decide to head to Lism’s stall, manned by a shop assistant, just to find out. Relc half-glared at Klbkch, but the huge smile on his face was too big to make it work.
“You’ve lived in Liscor for ten years, Klb. You need to stop being confused all the time.”
“And you, Relc, need to stop assuming the world is easy to understand. I highlight my ignorance, rather than assume I know everything erroneously.”
“Yeah, well…you could eat pork belly whenever you want.”
“But why would I?”
They turned a corner, and Relc laughed. He inhaled, laughed, and then nearly sneezed on Klbkch, who dodged.
“Please stop that.”
“Phew. You stink, Klb, buddy! I didn’t notice it before but—”
Relc sniffed, then went to plug his nostrils. Klbkch indeed had a fugue about him. Not entirely foul, but altogether so…
“It smells like you got musked—but not by a skunk! It smells like a butcher’s—but without the blood. It smells like—”
“Thank you for shouting how much I stink to the street.”
An elbow hit Relc in the stomach so fast he barely saw it coming. He grunted.
“And you’re faster. What happened?”
Klbkch raised one arm and apparently sniffed it, though he had no nose and didn’t make the same sound.
“Ah. I left so quickly the odor must still be on me. My body was just reconnected. Or rather—the ligaments were healed via a potion. The Birther sac must still be on me.”
Relc gave him a side-eye.
“What? Did you just get born or something? Birthers make Antinium, don’t they?”
“Yes. My body was remade. Hence my sudden reappearance; I am still somewhat stiff from the healing potions that were used to finalize the process. Inefficient, but effective. Incidentally, if you would like to eliminate me as a threat, now would be the best time.”
