8.60
Page 48
Eldavin: I believe you may be ‘putting egg on your face’, as the children refer to it, Magus G.
Mri: Children do not say that.
Rhis: It’s beyond possible.
Magus G: I will leave it to experts, then. 
Anonymous Spellcaster A: I will test this theory on a rodent or two if I can find one. This…seems plausible, but I would like suggestions as to spells and the methods.
Ice Squirrel: [Frost Vortex] but you pull the cold out and chain the effect to one spot?
Rhis: Inefficient. It could work, but use [Zone of Absolute Chill]. Or [Hidden Spot of Deep Freeze].
Archmage V: Oh! Ambush magic? You walk into it and you die? Do you actually know the spell, or is this an example?
Researcher Dromenl: Er, this is all very helpful, but some of these spells might be beyond our capabilities here. Cryomancer Ulea?
Cryomancer Ulea: No. Absolutely not. How would you use the effects of [Cooling Wind] on another spell?
Rhis: Unbelievable.
Eldavin: I will begin writing up a lesson. Ice Squirrel, do you have any other insights into this?
Ice Squirrel: Not…too much for projecting sheer cold. I have an aura.
Rhis: Of course. Auras. That…could work if someone were there. However, for spells—
Hecrelunn: [Void Air]. Tier 4. Even amateurs can use it.
Ice Squirrel: Oh! Oh!
Anonymous Spellcaster A: Thank you, Vizir. Testing…
Ice Squirrel: Me too! I just need to find something. Uh—I’ve got bugs?
Viscount V: Searching for rats.
Mri: I can get a rat. Not sure about the magic. I am passing glad we are all working together to find a solution so effectively. Let’s all pat ourselves on the back.
 
It was surreal and strange. This was only one of the conversations happening, but for those reading it, it felt like something was happening.
So many things coming together. So many plans. So many…conversations.
 
Yvlon: Go to Nerrhavia’s Fallen. I have allies.
Ice Squirrel: So do I. Uh…where’re our boys?
Yvlon: We’ll find them.
YlawesB: Do you need help?
Queen R: They have help.
GSNF: Indeed. 
 
The [Princess] wrote with trembling hands as the Thronebearers shielded her back.
 
Lionette: I will find you.
Mri: I know.
Krshia: She is here and will be protected. I promise.
RainyEarl: Do you need…help?
Wall Lord Ilvriss: They will have all the help they need.
RainyEarl: Good, but if you need it—call.
Windy Girl: What’s going on now? Do you need assistance?
Viscount V: I represent some power within my kingdom. Is there an issue?
Lionette: I…believe we are not all on the same page.
 
Not all of it was friendly. Indeed, ‘Rhis’ and ‘Eldavin’ were trading barbs. There were wildcards like Hecrelunn in chat, and rivalries like Witch A and so on.
Someone was trying to find all of them, and there was an invisible magical war going on that half the Lucifen travelling with Visophecin were involved in.
What was more shocking—or so it seemed to Ryoka—was that they found they weren’t the undisputed masters of this chat room, even discounting Rhisveri.
It was all working. Or sort of working. People were discussing spells and saying, ‘this might work’, or ‘this will work.’
But Ryoka and the others had heard them saying that before. These grand hopes could be dashed, or go stale.
The chat rooms moved faster or slower depending on how quickly people wrote. As the others converged on the three main discussions, funding and organization, alchemy, and magic…a new person crept in around the outsides.
Chatting. Moving from room to room, learning, like all the others. But different.
Almost like they were searching for something.
Much like a creature.
A…spider.
 
