8.60
Page 50
Queen R: It becomes personal. Lose yourself, whomever you are.
Archmage V: In solidarity, I suppose. Begone. 
Rhis: You do not want me as your enemy. Trouble me not. 
Belavierr: Very well.
 
Then, like a spell was listed, her name disappeared. And the chat went back to normal.
Normal, but shaken. Like a cold hand made of water had doused the excitement.
Like frost.
Reality.
 
Saliss: Damn. You chased her off. Does no one think about tracing her so we can teleport explosive potions to her?
Alchemist I: You do not wish to attempt that. Not at range. Not with her.
Golden Gnoll: I’m suddenly less positive about this phenomenon.
Eldavin: That will not happen again. This is an aberration.
Wall Lord Ilvriss: I suppose we should discuss future meetings and efforts. This may not all come together perfectly.
GSNF: I doubt this will happen twice. Wistram was pestering everyone to get involved, for ill or worse. I will contribute my time. We made good progress.
Saliss: Progress…I hate that word. It’s slow.
Alchemist I: Sometimes, a project takes aeons. You must know that.
Saliss: It is too slow.
Windy Girl: Yes, it is.
Eldavin: It will not be long now. I will see you, Windy Girl. And you and I will discuss matters later, Rhisveri of Ailendamus.
Rhis: We may just do that indeed.
 
Acrimony. Different sides, even united across the same purpose. Fetohep sat in his throne, listening to a ghost cry out. Not for herself, but for the dead in her name.
The chat room didn’t end. That wasn’t how it worked. It just grew silent, as no one quite knew what to say, and they were busy. And perhaps they too stared at the blank bit of text, trying to figure out what to say, but not finding the right moment to continue. Wishing someone else had something truly meaningful to say, but they had gone into magic and alchemy and…done all they could.
What else was there? So the page stayed blank. For a while. Until something happened.
Into that day of hope, despair, sadness, and surprise…
Came the last person of all.
 
Geneva: Am I too late? Is everyone gone?
 
There was a long silence as fingers reached for quills. Then…a little entry.
 
Mri: No. Are you here to help Erin too? Can you help? She needs help, please.
Geneva: I think I can. My name is Geneva. I am a [Doctor].
RainyEarl: The Last Light of Baleros.
Geneva: Some call me that. It’s not accurate.
Lionette: You! I tried to contact you, but you were gone.
Geneva: I’m sorry. I have been indisposed. However, I did not forget my promise.
Hecrelunn: [Doctor]? That depraved class still exists? What mad sawbones is this? I doubt, Fetohep, that this is one you wish to court, even in this sorry excuse for an era.
Alchemist I: Ah! Greetings! A fellow practitioner of the craft?
Saliss: Oh, dead gods.
Magus G: No.
Joseph Ortega: No. It’s a [Doctor]. A real…?
Geneva: Hello to all. I’m sorry I’ve been out of contact. As I said, I am a [Doctor]. I have been working on the case of Erin Solstice. I must be brief, as I do not have much time, and I believe there is some issue about the security of these messages?
Eldavin: None at all, and your secrecy is assured, I pledge it upon my magic.
Geneva: Thank you. I will still be as direct as possible. I was the one who first drafted the possibility of a cure for Erin Solstice. However, I am not a professional in this field, and my understanding of cryonics this area is incomplete. 
GSNF: Oho.
Viscount V: Indeed.
