8.60
Page 45
Anonymous Spellcaster A: I would concur with that based on my observations.
Viscount V: Encouraging, then.
Fetohep: Erin Solstice is alive. I assure you of that. If she were here…she would be more concerned with the wellbeing of others. She is alive.
Windy Girl: That sounds exactly like her.
Magus G: How do all of you know her?
Ice Squirrel: Friends of friends or just friends. Let’s not get distracted. 
Researcher Dromenl, Oteslia: Yes, hello! I am very gratified by all these experts. Very gratified. I would love to talk about any spells anyone might have an understanding of—we have to teach and cast the spells ourselves, you see, and there are few dedicated [Cryomancers] with ice Skills. Any help would be greatly appreciated—and I also would like to know more details on the live people’s trials, Cryomancer Ulea. Apparently one lived but shortly expired?
Fetohep: Enough. Desist, Researcher Dromenl. Some details are not to be m—
Windy Girl: The WHAT
GSNF: Uh oh.
Alchemist I: May I hear more about this.
Eldavin: I believe this requires an explanation.
Fetohep: Standby.
 
He did not return to the chat, incidentally. Something about having that read aloud might have caused…
Issues.
Yet here it was. Ice magic. In Fetohep’s absence, the chat room cast around for good spellcasters…and found more than you could shake a dead body at.
 
Eldavin: I am the most senior [Mage], so I will list five spells which might possibly be of some use: [Iceflesh], [Rune of Warmth]—if applied correctly, of course. Is the rate of warming essential? [Greater Resistance: Cold] for the opposite qualities. [Heated Room]. [Solar Ray: Wide Diffusion]. Each one creates a powerful warming or anti-cold effect.
Researcher Dromenl: We’re aware of all five, but these are all very potent spells…which we cannot cast. At least, [Heated Room], but [Rune of Warmth] would require a Fissival-trained expert, and we were unsure of the efficacy. Can you please elaborate?
Eldavin: Ah, of course. The ‘healing’ aspect of warming the flesh intrigues me. Enough for a Potion of Regeneration to work but avoiding the trauma of the injuries?
Anonymous Spellcaster A: I believe all those spells may fail.
Eldavin: Really? You base this on…?
Magus G: He may be right, with great respect, Grand Magus. [Iceflesh] and [Greater Resistance: Cold] are based on a living target. Which is disqualified in this case. Moreover, simply warming flesh still creates intensive damage.
Eldavin: Ah.
Anonymous Spellcaster A: Significant damage on a low level. Degradation of the flesh.
Eldavin: These were simply the five most accessible spells.
Rhis: Utterly juvenile. Is that the best spellcasting of a Grand Magus of Wistram?
 
Ryoka Griffin’s head slowly rose. Viscount Visophecin, resting in the moving carriage while the rest of the Lucifen argued, glanced up at her.
Azemith sounded smug as she flicked her fingers, casting a spell.
“Someone’s trying to find out where you are, Ryoka Griffin. They keep trying to locate you. Wistram.”
Ryoka gulped.
“Visophecin. Do you think…?”
“He is an adept spellcaster. He must have noticed the [Message] linking spell.”
They both stared down at the scroll.
 
Eldavin: I find your tone insulting. I take it that this is Duke Rhisveri of Ailendamus?
Rhis: None other, Grand Magus Eldavin of Wistram.
Eldavin: Well met.
Rhis: Indeed.
Eldavin: And I suppose you know instantaneously which spell will be most efficacious?
Rhis: I would not stoop to mediocre spells. Cast [Blessing of the Winter Warrior] and begin from there. 
Archmage V: That is a lost Tier 6 spell!
Rhis: For some.
