8.60
Page 41
Eldavin: They used to do this—albeit in different formats. I have removed the limitations of speed.
Anonymous Spellcaster A: Truly? It seems old, even for my knowledge of Wistram.
Eldavin: Ah, well, some of us are older than others.
Viscount V: It must be very old.
YlawesB: Are you in need of help, Yvlon? Are you still in prison?
Alchemist I: I don’t recall anything of the nature.
GSNF: Go back to your discussion ‘room’. This is private business.
Mri: Upon my sword, I shall rescue you, Yvlon Byres! If rescue needs be the occasioned, you have my sword.
Joseph Ortega: AND MY AXE.
Windy Girl: Dead gods.
Yvlon: Thank you, Mri? Do I know you?
GSNF: GET OUT
Golden Gnoll: If you need transport, or anything, we can fund it. What’s the situation?
Yvlon: I’m very well set. I have allies in high places. There is some issue, but Prince Zenol, a Gold-rank adventurer, is here and helping me.
Ice Squirrel: Zenol!?!? Great!
YlawesB: That’s wonderful news. I will head out with my team at once to help you.
Golden Gnoll: YLAWES, ENOUGH
Yvlon: No. I am quite well Ylawes, and I will make my way home and recover my team on my own means, thank you.
YlawesB: Apologies…?
Beard Lad: Lad…
Fetohep: I will be overseeing the main discussion, what I believe is now referred to as Room A: Efforts unto a Satisfactory Cure.
Ice Squirrel: Anyone seen Bone Boy? That’s what we’ll call him.
Yvlon: He’s in trouble.
Queen R: Your friend is out of Roshal’s grip. More than that will depend on the future.
GSNF: Who’s this now?
Ice Squirrel: Friend?
Queen R: Friend.
Saliss: Saliss!
Sandquen: Oh, this is wonderful. So many powerful people helping towards one cause! Hello! I’m hoping I can help in some way!
GSNF: Sigh.
 
Hecrelunn was still arguing via the scrying orb. Fetohep heard voices. Hecrelunn’s, obviously, the Mage’s Guildmistress begging forgiveness, some of his own researchers who were trying to enter the chat, and more.
The living, the undead—
“I will return as I deem fit. Brief me on the situation and I may agree—”
And the dead.
“Fetohep, it is I, Khelta. We cannot read this scroll as it lies too much in the living world. Repeat what is being said to us, verbatim.”
“Ooh! Ooh! Did he say Lyonette’s there? Say hi for me! No, wait. Let’s play it cool.”
“I, His-Xe, have a solution to this conundrum. A verbosity spell to read the words aloud.”
“Well thought, His-Xe. I have always admired your reign.”
“Thank you, Serept. I believe the Vizir could cast it easily. Where is he?”
“Being stubborn again. He was always so. Why is Fetohep not speaking?”
It was the exact same. He thought he had escaped it in part, but it was playing out verbally and on the text. Fetohep spoke.
“Vizir Hecrelunn, you will return to the palace now.”
The sneering Revenant laughed in his face.
“Is this your paltry little display of command? I believe I will—”
Fetohep rose. His voice magnified, and the Guildmistress froze. The [Servants] working in the palace and every citizen within three blocks looked up as a heartstopping voice echoed out like thunder.
“In the name of Khelt Eternal, you will return now. Be silent, ‘Little Brother-King’.”
Hecrelunn faltered. His image in the scrying orb stared at Fetohep, and he made a choking noise. Fetohep slowly sat back in perfect dignity—only ruined by the gales of ghostly laughter in his ears.
No, wait. That made it better. The Vizir began casting a spell. Fetohep was writing when he popped into space outside of the capital proper and began flying in. Fetohep wordlessly tossed him a [Message] scroll.
