8.60
Page 3
“Right here.”
The [Sergeant] was storming down the steps. She strode over, raised a fist, and bumped it into Relc’s.
“You big idiot, Relc. It’s great to see you. Where the hell were you? Some Drake city?”
“Cellidel, actually—”
“Tell us later. I think we’ve got to split up. [Detect Truth] crystals on each gate and we just cycle them in with a basic question in groups. South, East, West?”
“Better make it South, East, and North gates, Mudsa. West is too far.”
The [Guards] conferred as Relc stood there, blinking. It was so familiar. And different. This was the kind of thing [Guards] had to do. Mudsa slapped her forehead.
“Human district. Right. But isn’t there an auxiliary gate…? Let’s just get them in, but they have to meet in one place, right? So we need extra [Guards] to escort them to—what—Shivertail’s Plaza?”
Relc interrupted as Rudell began adding up numbers.
“Where’s that?”
“Center plaza in front of City Hall. They renamed it in honor of General Shivertail.”
“Oh. That’s—”
Then Calog caught sight of one of the Guard-squad.
“Are those Gnoll kids holding spears? Dead gods, Relc!”
Vok, Hickery, and the other young Gnolls started uneasily. They had drawn close enough to hear the discussion at the gates. Relc saw uncertain faces peeking at him, and he waved a claw, trying to smile.
“They’re alright. I taught them some tricks. Cellidel was nasty.”
Mudsa nodded.
“I heard. But look, let’s get them split up. We can sort the rest later…”
At this point Relc interrupted.
“Hold on. They’re going to all need housing. I know Liscor’s offering them resettling fees, but I was thinking they needed a place to rest first off. Put things? Is there a place they can all stay together while we sort that out? The new place Hexel’s building? Even a plaza would work; they have tents and they can park the wagons. We’ve got enough food for meals, so if we keep them together, we can roll them into the city and sort it out later. Can we just pull all the [Guards] here so they don’t feel worried about splitting up? We can just line up and send them in. They’ve had a bad run with Cellidel’s Watch.”
Mudsa, Calog, and Rudell, all the veteran [Guards], stopped and turned to Relc. They stared at him, agog. Relc looked from face to face.
“What? No good?”
“No…that would work. Hold on. Do we have anti-doppelganger gear? Calog, you heard that?”
“I think I did. I might be sick. Did Relc just come up with a plan?”
The Gnoll felt at one ear. Relc folded his arms.
“I’ve been thinking on how to get them into the city for the last three days, guys. What?”
“Relc is making plans. Relc.”
“You’re hurting my feelings. We’re wasting time here.”
Relc mock-glared, but Rudell put up his spear.
“Excuse me, sir. Please tell me something the real Relc would know.”
“You have warts on your tail. Come on—”
The [Guards] were laughing, and the newbies were grinning. So was Relc, but he was conscious of the nervous Cellidel people. And, sure enough, a Gnoll walked forwards hesitantly.
“Guardspeople. I am [Jeweler] Reson. Can I assist you in any way with the entry process? We’re quite willing to wait if it might take some time…”
He held his hands slightly to his sides, and he had divested himself of his weapon, a simple club. He waited for a truth crystal to be produced. Instantly, the [Guards] stopped laughing and Calog raised his brows.
The Gnoll [Guard] gave Relc a quick glance. Relc raised his brows in a silent ‘right?’, and Mudsa glanced at him. After a second, Calog stepped forwards. He offered Reson a paw. The other Gnoll blinked at it.
