8.60
Page 9
As if gravity touched him less. Someone in complete control of his faculties.
Only the swords marked him as even remotely close to the Klbkch of old. But it was that—the famous blades that had marked him out in two wars—that the Gnoll woman had recognized.
Relc, and the others in the Watch, recognized Klbkch. Yet they all stood there, looking at him.
Because…
“Am I not how you remember me? Watch Captain Zevara, Sergeant Mudsa. Senior Guardsman Relc. Greetings.”
Klbkch’s voice was the same, at least. He shrugged, and the long traveller’s cloak around his shoulders moved slightly. He rested his hands on the shortswords and looked around.
“I appear to have interrupted the Watch in the course of their duties. Forgive me.”
“Not at all. Klbkch. Is that you, Klbkch?”
Zevara didn’t sound certain. Klbkch turned his head, and Relc recognized the slight head-tilt, as did Zevara.
“Of course, Watch Captain. I would like to inform you I have returned from my leave of absence. But I do not know if I will be quite able to return to my old position in the same capacity.”
“Oh, uh—I’ll check the schedule. We can discuss…”
Zevara trailed off, but Relc inhaled. Because he recognized it. Klbkch was as formal and precise as ever, but even Klb didn’t really expect to talk work the moment he returned.
He was, in his sly way, having fun. The Antinium’s head turned, and he looked around. He surveyed the cautious faces and nodded.
“Relc.”
“Klb, buddy. What happened to you?”
The Antinium turned to face the Drake as everyone else drew back. There they were. Relc remembered precisely the last time they’d truly met—and fought. Klbkch looked Relc up and down. He opened his mandibles, which had developed an odd, purplish tinge at the edges.
Poison? The Slayer shifted and so did Relc, moving his weight onto his right foot.
“Will we fight to the death, now? Watch Captain Zevara is within her authority to request my termination. As she always has been. I am Klbkch the Slayer of the Hives. I claim the authority of the Grand Queen of the Antinium. Well?”
The last note in his voice made the hair raise and scales tingle on a number of watchers, even his friends. Zevara’s head snapped up, but Relc Grasstongue just stood there. He had his spear in his claw, but he slowly reached out with his other claw.
“Klbkch.”
“That is my name, Relc.”
The Drake reached out—hesitated—and then grabbed Klbkch’s shoulder. The Antinium let it happen. He grabbed Relc’s arm, gently, just above the elbow.
The two stared at each other for a long moment. Then Klbkch opened his mandibles and raised them.
“I trust you have not gotten into too much trouble while I was absent.”
Relc looked around at the citizens of Cellidel still nearby. He looked at Klbkch, and then a grin spread over his face. He raised his claw, and then slapped Klbkch on his flexible back-shell.
“You have no idea, Klb, how many times I needed you to sort things out.”
The Antinium twitched his antennae and sighed audibly.
“Some things never change. I am quite glad I left, in that case. Then again…”
He looked around Liscor, and Relc saw something like his feelings flit over Klbkch’s face. It was so subtle. A shift in the way the light shone on his insectoid eyes. A movement, from foot to foot. The slow turn of his head and the way his antennae moved.
Even the other Antinium—Klbkch paused on them, and they stared at him. A stranger. Klbkch looked around Liscor, then seemed to focus on Relc, Zevara, and the Watch. He nodded to himself, slowly.
“I am back.”
 
——
 
