8.60
Page 16
“…And I’ve been gaining classes. Klb here just has his new body.”
“With poisoned mandibles.”
“—So he can’t even kiss someone. He makes it sound good, but I think the Queens messed up.”
“This is not an issue that has ever been presented to me. Nor do I intend to seek the opportunity out.”
Relc gestured helplessly at his friend.
“You see? What am I supposed to do with…this guy?”
He trailed off. The [Innkeeper] smiled at him. Relc took a breath, and a bit of mist escaped his lips. The frozen bier was like it had been the last time. The flowers frozen and dead. The trinkets…
“So I might go off soon. I had to get the kids back from Cellidel. But after that, I’ll be after Mrsha. You know me. Kidnapping? I’m great at chasing and hitting people.”
Klbkch looked at Relc and nodded.
“I will also look into the matter.”
“Yeah.”
Relc knelt down, then decided to just sit. Klbkch kept standing…for a minute. Then, as if gravity were leaning on him, he sat too. They sat there, as Ishkr looked up from the door to the inn.
“You’ll be back. Right, Klb? She’ll be back.”
The Antinium opened and closed his mandibles.
“…If anyone could, it would be her.”
Relc nodded. They kept sitting there. Klbkch glanced at Relc and kept nearly speaking. The Drake just stared ahead, at Erin, at something else. They sat there, as frost crept over both, scales and chitin.
They didn’t move for a long time. It was that kind of day. That was how it began.
With memories. With…the thought of home.
How home should be.
Even if it wasn’t.
 
——
 
The problem was that the world was better. The problem was that the world was more interconnected. In the old days, which were the bad days, you couldn’t talk with people around the world.
Or, if it were possible, it was the kind of thing that took multiple Couriers or magic beyond the ken of most mortals and so on and so forth.
If something terrible or glorious happened, you’d hear about it in the news, and that was a grand and momentous—yet distant—thing.
Now? [Messages] were common and cheap, and the world was changing faster. The result was that you didn’t leave people behind; you could talk to them, talk with someone around the entire world, and that was glorious.
Sometimes, though—
It only reminded you that you were alone. Or that Erin wasn’t back yet.
Krshia Silverfang took a long sip of wine. One sip, and she put the cup down. She had business to do—[Chieftains] to meet, and she could not be tipsy when she was one of the faces of the Silverfangs, in the spotlight and grasping at the future with both paws.
But she took that sip, because she had to. She didn’t know if it was good, what she did. But Chieftain Torishi had advised her to tell the little Gnoll girl.
“She has had enough secrets. This is good news. Mourning and happiness are part of life. We must flee from neither.”
That was Weatherfur’s wisdom, from someone older and wiser. So Krshia told Mrsha.
“Relc has returned. And Klbkch, yes? Gnolls from Cellidel.”
The little Gnoll girl brightened up and smiled. Relc? He was back from stinky Cellidel? And Klbkch too? Great news! She began writing that Krshia should tell them she was well—until she realized Krshia would have to code that. Then she began to ask how many Gnolls.
Then she thought of Erin. And Krshia saw Mrsha look lost. The girl looked around for her mother, or Numbtongue, and recalled how far away all of them were.
On a quest—to save her. Not even Erin. She looked for Apista, or Bird, or Selys…then glanced up and kindly settled for Krshia. So the Gnoll [Shopkeeper] wouldn’t feel bad.
“We will be home soon, yes?”
