8.60
Page 30
The Lucifen and Wind Runner walked forwards, talking, suddenly with the young woman animated. The Viscount curious. Listening, casting a spell.
House Shoel turned as they heard the Wind Runner exclaim. Saw her eyes brighten. They listened—all aside from Gadrea, who paused in horror and stared down as she cried out.
“Ser Tubeliges! What happened to his statue? Did anyone see?”
 
——
 
It was a special day. But, you understand, it wasn’t really one day. It was a special day whenever it came to them, and you saw it happening.
“Do you see?”
“A thread?”
“Many threads. Drawing together. Good girl.”
A mother and a daughter sat, having a picnic in a forest, staring at some embroidery. The mother even patted the daughter on the head.
They stared past a swaying Zombie Giant, into the open facade of a castle of dark stone as the undead milled about. Powerful undead—who avoided the Stitch Witch on pure instinct.
A Necromancer sat in a smooth crater of dirt. It was just dirt, but something had scooped the most geometrically precise sphere out of the world. He inhaled—on reflex.
“I am alive. Have I lost any of my Chosen? Report?”
“N-no, Master.”
Ijvani was hiding behind the remains of a pillar. She sounded shaken. A few of the Chosen appeared. A wall had fallen on Venitra. Part of the castle was…
Missing. Not ‘knocked down’ or ‘scattered about’, but more in the vein of ‘disintegrated’. Or dragged into an entirely different plane. Which was why the Witch and her daughter, Maviola, were watching from a distance.
It was probably safe to return now the ritual was complete. Probably. So Belavierr hung back. She saw the Necromancer inhale again.
“Repairs. Ijvani, oversee them. I must—”
His eyes flickered.
“Pisces. Roshal has been left unchecked. Ijvani, see to it.”
The Skeleton [Mage] stared blankly up at the gaping wall and stone structure only standing because of the enchanted stone, not due to any laws of physics.
“Yes, Master?”
Az’kerash was striding towards the stairs when he was intercepted. An odd thing, that. No one got in his way.
Except for the depressed skeleton leaning on a wall, his violet eyes burning low. An anxious Healing Slime circled around him, but he was in a bad way. He had mold on his skull, and he was holding something in his hands.
The Necromancer barely paid attention to the undead after his harrowing battle with magic that threatened even him. He was also checking in on Pisces, so he did what he had done for a century in life: he walked around Toren.
Or tried to. Az’kerash absently realized someone was still in his way, so he spoke and stepped the other way.
“Excuse me.”
Only then did he realize someone was deliberately stepping into his path. The Necromancer refocused on the world around him. Venitra, Ijvani, Bea, Devail, and Wesixa all turned. Venitra’s eyes flashed with outrage.
How dare—
Toren ignored Az’kerash. He reached out, placed a bony hand on the Necromancer’s shoulder. Az’kerash stared at the familiar gesture. Ijvani’s jaw dropped straight off her skull in horror.
Listen, pal. I know you’re busy, but give me a second.
That was the attitude Toren projected. He handed Az’kerash something. The Necromancer took it blankly, and stared down at a young woman’s face.
Fake Erin’s head stared back at him. Or rather, what was left of it after being half-sucked into the void. Toren gave Az’kerash another pat.
See?
“Ah. The puppet. That is…completely fine. I am busy. I will return to—”
The Necromancer paused as Toren handed him something. Venitra was metaphorically frothing at the mouth as Az’kerash took it. It was…
