8.60
Page 33
“What’s wrong, Etrikah?”
“I have no clue.”
 
GSNF: What is this?
TMGEK: There is no [Message] from Wistram inbound. Please hold—
Wistram: We see that Khelt’s Mage’s Guild is conducting multiple [Messages] on the same topic. If one of the recipients would like to trial our new system, please affirm with a ‘YES’. We will take that as a signal for consent and apply a slight surcharge of four silver and two copper for the entire trial period, as this magical system is in testing.
GSNF: Stop reading my private correspondence. This is Nerrhavia Fallen’s business.
Wistram: We apologize for any intrusion. This is a generic message being written into every active conversation with multiple contacts.
GSNF: Rhir’s demon-infested hells it is. I am lodging a formal complaint. Who is the fool on the other end sending this?
TMGEK: Wistram, please desist with sending [Messages]. This is Khelt’s confidential business.
Wistram: This is an automated message. Please disregard any intrusin into your conversations.
 GSNF: You misspelled ‘intrusion’. Wistram can automate spells and I can use my tails to fly.
Eldavin: You are an embarrassment to the Academy. Apologies. I am shutting down Wistram’s end of this conversation. Prepare for [Multi-Message Link].
GSNF: That’s an advanced ritual. Wistram can’t just—
 
And then her [Message] scroll suddenly exploded with text. Etrikah yanked her paws away with an oath as an entire wall of text appeared that had hither-to not been there.
Someone else’s conversation.
 
Ailendamus: I believe our conversation is being intruded upon.
The Mage’s Guild of Eternal Khelt: That is an unusual claim. Please verify. We are rechecking our connection.
Wistram: Hello! I see you are conducting a multiple [Message] spell program. Could I interest the participants in a new, multiple-[Message] spell connection at a nominal fee?
Ailendamus: I would like to lodge a formal complaint.
The Mage’s Guild of Eternal Khelt: We deeply apologize for—
 
Etrikah’s page flickered, as more text skimmed across it, replacing the old words. Yisame was now leaning over.
“Etrikah, what is going on?”
“Someone’s using a linking spell for [Messages]. But it shouldn’t be easy. What’s…hold on.”
A few shimmering names engraved themselves at the top of her [Message] scroll. Etrikah eyed them, then saw the blank page begin to cross with words simultaneously. She read what looked like participants in…a group conversation.
 
Lionette: What happened? I was asking about the availability of Ghost Shrooms when the [Mage] at my guild started panicking. What is this? Is it Wistram?
Ailendamus: I believe this is a multi-[Message] link. Intriguing.
GSNF: Is this Lionette Solstice? Are you related to Erin Solstice?
Ice Squirrel: Whoa.
Ailendamus: Lyon LIONETTE is that you? 
Ailendamus: Apologies, there are multiple individuals present. Please disregard.
Lionette: Who is this, please? I am related to Erin Solstice, yes. I am her sister.
GSNF: Erin Solstice has no sister. Who is this truly?
Ice Squirrel: Ailendamus? Is that Ailendamus the nation? What’s a GSNF?
Viscount V: I apologize for the misunderstanding. I am representing Ailendamus in inquiry to the cure regarding an ‘Erin Solstice’ and collaboration between Oteslia and Khelt.
Ice Squirrel: Khelt is trying to cure Erin?
The Mage’s Guild of Eternal Khelt: We are deeply sorry for this misunderstanding and event. It appears the Academy of Wistram is employing a [Message]-altering spell via the magic linking us. We are unsure of how this is occurring and are trying to receive clarification.
