8.60
Page 42
“We will require a verbosity spell on my scroll, I believe. It is organized into…”
“I see it.”
The [Vizir] quietly cast the spell. He didn’t meet Fetohep’s eyes, and he was silent as he began to write. Fetohep rather thought he liked the Vizir’s new attitude. The words began to echo as he wrote.
 
Fetohep: With apologies, I introduce the Vizir Hecrelunn.
Windy Girl: Hi.
Vizir Hecrelunn of Khelt Eternal, In Service to Her Majesty, Khelta, Undisputed of His Class, Steward of the Lands Claimed by Undeath: It is my—
Joseph Ortega: yo, is it that guy I saw on the news? this is wild
RainyEarl: ‘yo’ yourself?
Vizir Hecrelunn, The Fire of Khelt’s Wrath, Face of the Limitless Armies of Khelta, Empowered of the Servants of Chandrar: I am the Vizir of Khelt and I will have—
ArchmageV: I am a huge admirer of Kheltian magics from that era. Do you have a full, working spellbook? I would love to compare notes.
Vizir Hecrelunn, Who Will Not Be Interrupted, Sovereign King in Lieu of—
Mri: I too possess some aptitude with magic. We should compare spellbooks.
ArchmageV: Are you a fellow spellcaster?
Anonymous Spellcaster A: I as well. I believe I know you, Archmage Valeterisa? Well met. I am able to cast Tier 5 magics; a handful of spells. It is my singular accomplishment in life.
Eldavin: Respectable, respectable. A Revenant aside from Fetohep of Khelt? Possibly Tier 6-7. I sincerely doubt he can manage a Tier 8 unlinked, but I suppose backup spellcasters are useful.
VizirH: What did you just say?
Eldavin: I am the Grand Magus pledged to restoring Miss Solstice to life, as Windy Girl is aware. It is a compounding issue, but I believe I can do it once my affairs here are done. Which reminds me, Windy Girl—your situation?
Windy Girl: Good?
Eldavin: Where are you?
Windy Girl: You can’t tell?
Anonymous Spellcaster A: Oh my.
Eldavin: It is difficult with so many connections, and I believe I was asked to be private.
Magus G: I am amazed this ritual can hold so many individual links.
Eldavin: Well, in truth, this is a completely different magical system than the one Wistram or the Walled Cities apply. Far more efficient.
VizirH: BE SILENT, MORTALS. I AM SPEAKING. MY MAGIC AND WISDOM FAR SURPASSES ANY PRESENT.
Saliss: Oooh. This is going to be hilarious. You’re new here, aren’t you?
Mri: Thou hast met many foes in your lifetime, Mighty Vizir Hecrelunn of Khelt, but you have not met Mri, the Great and Terrible. Many have known my wrath; few have escaped unscathed.
Lionette: Mri…
True Grit: What are you doing to my academy? This is ridiculous. These days of [Mages] and petty politics have begun again.
Anonymous Spellcaster A: Haven’t they always been petty?
Rhis: Hah! Well said! They have always been petty and pathetic.
 
It was getting chaotic. Fetohep gave up on that room. The Vizir was so angry his [Message] scroll burst into flames, but the thing about being the immortal king of Khelt was that you had plenty of those.
Fetohep scribbled furiously.
 
Fetohep: Once again, I convene this to be Room B: Succinct Conversations Unto a Cure. Please focus your attention upon the issue.
Eldavin: Apologies. Frankly, this system needs work. Perhaps an overall moderator?
Saliss: And who’s that, Wistram? Funny how it’s always Wistram, huh?
Fetohep: We are getting off-track. Please remain focused.
Joseph Ortega: It’s off-topic.
 
The Revenant twitched. Fetohep’s quill paused, but before he could go on, more words appeared.
 
