8.60
Page 14
“Silveran comes by now and then. One of the Workers.”
“Oh. That’s kind of him.”
Ishkr stood there, half in darkness, half in the sunlight leaking through the windows. He gestured to the stairs.
“Miss Imani and Palt moved out, as did Mage Bezale. Recently. Architect Hexel and his staff…my sister sometimes stays here as her landlady gives her issues and she doesn’t sign up for the new housing. Your room is still here. If you would like, I can give you the key.”
“Really. I…no. I won’t stay here yet.”
Klbkch looked up from reading the menu as Relc brushed at his neck scales again. The Senior Guardsman nodded to Ishkr.
“We’ll just…sit here, if that’s okay. For a moment?”
“As long as you need. I will get out of your fur.”
“Thanks. Uh—you don’t have to—thanks. Nice guy.”
Relc said that last part to Klbkch as he sat down. The Antinium nodded simply. Relc leaned on the table across from him.
Here they were. But no young woman came rushing out of the kitchen. Relc caught himself glancing at the doorway, and felt embarrassed…until he realized Klbkch kept watching the stairs.
“A lot’s happened. I missed it.”
That was all Relc said after a long while. Klbkch nodded.
“You were gone in Cellidel? On voluntary posting? Did you do something wrong?”
Relc’s head lowered.
“Yeah. I didn’t have you to talk me out of it. I went to Cellidel. It’s a long story.”
“In brief?”
The Drake hesitated and struggled for words.
“Nothing big. Just—idiots thinking they can beat on citizens and do whatever they want. Bad stuff happening. The Watch was a mess—nothing like Captain Z. That’s all of it. Riots—some [Painter] guy. But just idiots. What about you? How’d you lose your last body after…”
Klbkch shrugged.
“Largely similar. Incompetence uncovered on a fundamental level. I have yet to address it fully.”
“Huh. So you really are going to manage the Hives, then?”
“Yes. I believe I must. Xrn is wounded. She may never recover.”
“Really.”
Klbkch slowly opened and closed his hand.
“Not as things stand. They must change. You have made a change. Now I must. Not here. I do not know if I am needed here any longer.”
“Me neither.”
They exchanged glances, and then looked away. Relc looked for an open door. A garden. But it didn’t come, and he didn’t summon it.
It was too quiet. And Klbkch…Relc stared at the kitchen, then checked the sky.
“I promised to meet some of my people. And I don’t know if you’re busy—”
“I have over a hundred tasks to accomplish, yes.”
Which meant literally over a hundred, and Klbkch could list each one if he wanted. Relc nodded. He put his huge claws on the table to push himself back.
“We can—catch up later. If you want. I know…”
He had gotten up when Klbkch held up a hand. So Relc stopped. The Antinium hesitated. He sat there and hesitated, and it was an odd thing for Klbkch to do.
“I returned to the Hives, as you know. Incidents occured that meant I would receive a new body, but one of the things I did was to reestablish contact with the Queens of the Hives. Five Queens, and Wrymvr the Deathless. A fellow Centenium of old.”
The Drake [Spearmaster] stilled. He looked at Klbkch, and, aside from the [Strategists] and leaders who had dedicated their lives to studying the Antinium, and a few other people, he was one of the few who understood what that meant.
“Yeah?”
Klbkch drummed his fingers slowly on the table. His mandibles opened and closed. He made a kcrch sound, and then coughed.
“Wrymvr. It is difficult for me to express this properly, as I have never had to. However…Relc.”
