8.60
Page 15
He looked up into his friend’s yellow gaze. Relc just waited. Klbkch searched and spoke.
“I have known Wrymvr since he was created. I am the older of the two of us, but our existence reaches back to the beginning of the Antinium as a true species. We have served the same positions, and our goals are identical. We have experienced the same events, and we were created of the same Queen. Our history is a shared one.”
The Drake said nothing. At last, Klbkch looked at Relc.
“…Despite that. He was less pleasant to be around. I have thought of that, now and then.”
Relc blinked. Klbkch went on, as he looked around the quiet inn.
“It occurs to me, Relc, that over our career as [Guardsmen] of Liscor, you have asked me to go with you for a drink and/or meal over a thousand times. I can count the number of times I have done so on two hands. We have often had snacks together in an acceptable way as [Guards]. Seldom meals upon pre-arranged request.”
“Yeah?”
Klbkch slowly reached down for something and placed it on the table. Relc looked down, and Ishkr, like the excellent staff member he was, reappeared.
A single gold coin glinted on the table. Gross overpayment, of course, but you didn’t come here for the fiscal value. Klbkch looked up at Relc.
“As I believe it is customary, Relc, I cordially invite you to ‘have a drink’. Let us also have a meal. I will buy the first round. Tell me about Cellidel.”
The Drake’s eyes widened. He looked down at the gold coin, and then pulled his chair out. He sat down, and Ishkr hurried over.
“Can I get you two anything? The kitchen doesn’t have a [Cook], but I can do [Basic Cooking], and we do have stored foods. Any preferences?”
Relc glanced at Klbkch. The Antinium looked at him, and they both knew what they were going to order. Relc raised a claw and smiled.
“Do you have pasta? Spaghetti? And some blue fruit juice?”
Ishkr blinked. Then nodded. Klbkch raised his hand.
“I will have pasta as well, as I can finally metabolize it. Acid flies on mine, if you have any.”
“Aw, come on, Klb—”
“You can put meat on yours. Pork belly.”
“Oh. Yeah. Pork belly for the both of us! If you’ve got it. And, uh, I’ll have an ale with the blue fruit…”
The two began ordering. Ishkr ended up rushing out to see if he could get some pork belly, but he set them up with a bowl of acid flies, french fries, and drinks. Relc and Klbkch sat there. It wasn’t about the additions. It was the pasta and blue fruit that mattered.
The gold coin glittered on the table, catching the light as Relc fussed about the fireplace, and Klbkch eventually pointed a Wand of Flame Ray and lit it.
Some things were different. But then they sat, smiling, talking, and telling each other what had happened. They ate and drank in The Wandering Inn, the pair of them. Then, after a while…
They went to find Erin and say hello.
 
——
 
It was a very special day. Because it wasn’t.
Any day could be quite special. Extraordinary, even. All it took was a reunion, a new idea—and the mundane was kicked out of the way by the fantabulously interesting.
That was the lesson they’d all learned. Your boring every afternoon didn’t have to look like that. Of course, with that precious knowledge came the other side.
Terrible things could happen out of the blue. Disaster could be waiting around the corner with a crossbow.
It was a special day, because they thought of her.
Klbkch and Relc stood on a hill, chatting. No solemn silence. No flowers. It might have been that if they had come earlier. It didn’t…work.
Not today. Not for them. Klbkch pushed Relc slightly as the Drake joked around.
