8.60
Page 7
“You could say that. What, you’re too good to say hi to me?”
Relc grinned. The [Sergeant] gave him a mock-glare.
“I’ve scheduled a date with my boyfriend for the last two weeks and if I miss it, he’ll give me ten Rhirs. We’re going on a walk to see the leaves. A wine-walk. You sip wine and, uh, stare at trees or something.”
Relc nodded, bemused.
“Wait. Trees? What trees?”
“Invrisil. No—wait. Somewhere north of there. It’s a special portal to one of those Human lands. It wasn’t cheap, and I had to reserve it right off.”
“A portal…oh. The door.”
Suddenly, Relc went still, and the jollity of the other [Guards] faded. Someone nudged Mudsa, and she hesitated.
“Yeah. They moved it to Shivertail’s Plaza. There’s a system and everything. Convenient—sort of. You have to have times and now they even want you to sign up on lists. But it works—for a fee. You can see it.”
“Right. How’s…the inn?”
The others exchanged looks.
“I haven’t been in, but we patrol around it and everywhere. It’s still standing.”
“Right.”
Relc glanced towards the gates. He had seen it, of course, but chosen to enter the city first. Now, though…Mudsa broke the silence by gesturing to the other [Guards] who’d been called down to help with the immigration.
“You’ve, uh, seen the new [Guards], right?”
“Oh. Yeah. Hey, I’m Relc.”
“Senior Guardsman Relc. He’ll be working once he sets in. He’s the guy you call to break up bar fights. Not that bright, but—”
Relc feigned a punch, then stopped and began to introduce himself. He shook hands with some Humans, and met Iron Helm, the Worker.
“Antinium in the Watch?”
“Yep. We even have an Antinium [Sergeant]. He used to lead the Antinium-only patrol, but Zevara started mixing us up. Yellow Splatters?”
“I know him. Wow. So…”
Relc was looking around, at a loss for what to exactly say.
This is how I remember it. But not. He remembered the feeling quite well. Relc looked for Vok, Hickery, or someone who needed him to reassure them they weren’t dreaming or being tricked.
There wasn’t anyone.
Suddenly, he was alone. A sense of terrible isolation washed over Relc—for a moment. Another familiar feeling, but he had a thought.
“Where’s my k—where’s Embria? Wing Commander Embria and 4th Company?”
The [Guards] fell silent again, and exchanged looks in a way Relc didn’t like. Rudell coughed.
“You didn’t hear about…? They’re engaged. 4th Company. And Liscor’s Volunteer Army.”
“Volunteer Army. Is that what they’re calling it? They’re fighting with the Hectval-Drisshia-Luldem alliance.”
Calog muttered. Relc’s stomach twisted up. So that’s why the letters stopped reaching him. He had assumed they’d been sent to Cellidel while he was on the march.
“How’s it going?”
“—Complicated.”
The answer no one wanted to hear. Relc had often been part of ‘complicated’. But he had seldom been the one receiving news. The [Guards] looked at his face.
“Let’s get a drink, eh? Maybe find some of the off-duty [Guards]? Jeiss will join us. We can visit one of the bars. The Drunken Gnoll. How about it?”
“Sounds good.”
Mudsa tried to reassure Relc as those nearing their cycle end made sure their replacements were here.
“4th Company’s been in the fighting, but I haven’t heard of significant casualties from them. We’d know if Embria were hurt.”
“Right. Then who has been taking casualties?”
“Let’s…start from the beginning.”
They were heading off when someone began panicking. Relc’s head snapped up as he heard a voice crying out.
“Antinium! It’s the Antinium—”
“Oh, dead gods. Is it a full march of Soldiers or something? Sounds like your people, Relc.”
