8.60
Page 54
Numbtongue demanded. It had been a long watch, heart-wrenching without being able to say anything. Hours of discussion and glorious chaos. Yet the Titan just pulled out his cigar and puffed on it.
There was a story they told across the worlds. It had a lot of different variations, and some revolved around holidays. Others were just that. Stories.
One, for instance, had this fat man who forced reindeer to pull a sleigh and broke into people’s homes and left them ‘gifts’. Another, more recent, they told in only one village.
That was of a young woman who would run through the snow to deliver food and gifts, aid, in the darkest days of the year.
But these were two stories only around one time of the year. Others had tales of the [Messenger] who ran day and night, burning their life out to deliver warnings or medicine.
They had told these stories before, on Earth, this world, and more. They would again. Niers Astoragon stared at the sun setting across the horizon of Izril. Towards the distant ridge of the world, the High Passes.
Somewhere there was Erin Solstice. Or, at least, her body. Beyond the High Passes lay the north—to the west, Baleros, where he needed to be.
To the south lay a little girl who was still in distress. Two species embroiled in a bitter war.
So much ground. So many stakes, and he knew all too well how hard it was to get something anywhere, especially at speed. So Niers didn’t promise to go to Oteslia and break that siege.
He didn’t say he’d be at Liscor to be the one to help Erin Solstice, because he knew how things shook out. When the Titan put his stake in the pot, his finger on the scales—he did it the best way, the only way he knew would work.
“You’re all bright young men and women. But you are children.”
Numbtongue glanced at Ulvama. She motioned. Flick him off that cliff. Niers ignored her. He smoked as he stared across the horizon.
“Here’s a tip from the Titan of Baleros: when you know it’s time to strike, don’t do it too fast. Wait. Make sure you’re on-target. That you know what’ll come after. But then strike. Before you’re too late. I saw this all beginning this morning. Mushrooms. Damned mushrooms. Do you think I’d wait until the end of this to say, ‘well, I’d better get to work’? Idiots. That’s a [Message] scroll.”
Numbtongue saw Fierre go almost cross-eyed as she stared down at the scroll she held. Octavia got it first and clapped her hands as the Vampire girl suddenly began checking it.
“You mean…?”
Fals looked at the Fraerling.
Niers Astoragon whispered.
“Fierre can tell you exactly how I wrote it. But I think—when you need them, call. Call. We have two tribes’ worth of funds here. There may be danger—so what?”
He took the cigar out of his mouth and pointed with it. And now everyone’s heads turned, seeking, finding the thing he was watching, racing across the road. The Titan nodded to himself.
“When you need them—call. No expense spared. No delay. ‘For the Innkeeper of Solstice, come.’ Let neither war nor rain nor monsters slow them. Calling the Couriers of Couriers for a delivery of mercy. Izril’s finest.”
He looked down the road. It could have been anyone. But he’d known it wouldn’t be just anyone. He had sent out the call this morning.
Someone had answered. There the Courier came, streaking across the ground so fast that even the birds looked slow. That sight you saw on the roads, the symbol that had made the Wind Runner famous.
