8.60
Page 5
Watch Captain Zevara, scales glinting light blue, strode down the street in full uniform. She came to a halt as citizens and [Guards] parted, and Relc drew himself up and saluted her.
“Watch Captain.”
“Guardsman Relc. I’m pleased to see you made it. Is this the entire Cellidel delegation?”
The Watch Captain halted in front of him, face impassive. Relc hesitated.
“Yes, Watch Captain. Two thousand, five hundred, and nine by my count. I was hoping to get them settled somewhere and, uh…I had the idea to put them in a plaza…”
He trailed off. The Watch Captain looked him up and down from head to toe. Relc was dusty from the road, and his light green scales were a bit sweaty from marching in his armor. He wore the chainmail he’d taken from Cellidel’s armory since it went well with his leather armor, and his enchanted spear stood at his side.
He was much the same, physically, as before. Even so, Relc was different. He even looked different. It wasn’t so much in the way he stood, with pristine military discipline when he needed to.
It was the way he glanced back, mindful of Vok and the others. Grinned at them.
Senior Guardsman Relc. [Trusted Sergeant of the Watch].
Zevara nodded. She took a deep breath, and spoke.
“I understand. Senior Guardsman Relc, well done. I will expect your debriefing and formal report on the Cellidel situation in person at two past dawning tomorrow. You are formally relieved of day-watch. Go sign out and have a break.”
The Drake [Guardsman] blinked at her. Vok and the others stirred, and Relc jerked his thumb at them.
“Wh—sign out? But the Cellidel people have to get in and—”
“On it.”
Indeed, [Guards] were lining up with truth stones, arranging themselves such that they could take entire families and do cursory wagon checks before they rolled into the city. Watch Captain Zevara saw Relc glance at them.
“What about lodging—”
“Councilmembers Elirr and Lism have been working on that. Miss Selys has kindly offered some of the new complexes being built, and we’ve temporarily opened some of the reserved spacing under construction for the investors. We have them in District 3—that’s the new city’s layout. They’ll all be together. Now that we know you’re here, I think we even have [Cooks] who can begin preparing the food. Some inns will also be serving for free—the Drunken Gnoll is close by, and their [Innkeeper], Timbor, has accepted a day contract.”
Relc blinked at Zevara. Then he saw a pair of figures hurrying down the street. One ran into the crowd, tried to part them like Zevara, and ended up having to push through. He was adjusting some formal robes, while the Gnoll followed in his wake.
“Who notified Watch Captain Zevara first? Commendable, but what about us? Have I missed them? Where’s my speech, Elirr?”
“I threw it away.”
Here came Councilmembers Lism and Elirr. The Gnoll was smiling and nodded to Relc; Lism’s claw was ready to shake every citizen’s who came through the gates, whether they liked it or not. Relc saw a puffing group of [Guards] and officials following—carrying a huge bag of what looked like coins.
“Councilmember Lism. Are you going to give away the money as they come in? I told you—”
“You get the money just as promised, Watch Captain. And who is this? Councilmembers Lism and Elirr of Liscor. Delighted to meet you! Come in, come in! Why are they standing around? Where are the refreshments?”
Reson jumped as Lism strode at him, purple-scaled claw thrust out for a handshake. Zevara exhaled a plume of exasperated smoke—coughed—then glanced at him.
“I’ve got this.”
“But—”
