8.60
Page 40
Eldavin: Noted, but I am attempting to understand if this is a literal child or fool.
Mri: One must take the child firmly in hand and feed them a cookie. For how will they not learn if they are not fed?
Joseph Ortega: Sorry. I’m not used to this.
GSNF: Oh, it’s that one. Why am I even surprised at this point?
Alchemist I: Fascinating.
Anonymous Spellcaster A: Beyond fascinating. Hello. I am an incredible fan of your televised performance.
Joseph Ortega: Oh, thanks. This is amazing. Who are you all?
Eldavin: I am Grand Magus Eldavin of Wistram.
Joseph Ortega: ヽ(°〇°)ﾉ
GSNF: He’s doing it again. Have they just…forgotten how to write in Pallass?
Saliss: It would honestly not surprise me. Believe me, sometimes I wonder if they know how to use toilet paper.
Eldavin: HAH.
Magus G: As a representative of Pallass proper, I can assure you, Saliss, that our hygiene is superior to most cities. As you might recall.
Saliss: And here come the [Fun Murderers].
Eldavin: Ah, is this Magus G? Have we met?
Magus G: Salutations, sir. Another achievement, however modest.
Eldavin: Mm. Only in reconstructing what is lost. Much like a [Historian]. But thank you. We must take wine and discuss magic.
Anonymous Spellcaster A: I am humbled. Is this the redoubtable Magus Grimalkin himself? I am a humble spellcaster compared to you all.
Magus Grimalkin, Pallass: You are exceptionally kind.
 
It was becoming so chaotic that even Fetohep with three [Message] scrolls floating before him was running out of hands. Much less the shouting ghosts behind him. He glared as he wrote.
 
Fetohep: I, Fetohep of Khelt, greet the following in brevity unbefitting my manner but the state of this hurried conversation—
Lionette: Mri, are you safe?
Mri: Though I confess to peckishness betimes, I have managed my salutary meals of leafed varieties with more wholesome peccadillos of sustenance, thank you. I eagerly await our meeting posthaste.
Lionette: I will come soon. If all is well.
Fetohep: Magus Grimalkin of Pallass, Joseph Ortega, the individuals referring to themselves as ‘Sandquen’, ‘YlawesB’, ‘Alchemist I’—
Krshia: All is very well as it can be. Is all well over there?
Saliss: Hey, someone show respect to Fetohep. He’s writing over there.
RainyEarl: Hello? Hello, can you see this?
 
Fetohep gave up. He looked around, glared, and then spoke into a scrying orb.
“There is a situation that requires your presence immediately. Return unto me at your quickest spell, Vizir Hecrelunn.”
A snide voice came from the scrying orb, replaced by a face with two glowing pinpoints of crimson light.
“You do not have more ridiculous speeches for me to write? Another army to wipe out as if I were a lap dog? Mind yourself, King of Khelt. You do not order your betters, but beseech.”
Fetohep’s golden flames flashed. He wrote, slowly.
 
Fetohep: I would like to remind those present upon the nature of this meeting.
GSNF: Yes, yes. But we have a situation and someone is about to stab me with a fork if I don’t—here.
Yvlon: Ice Squirrel?
Ice Squirrel: YV!
YlawesB: Are you well?
Golden Gnoll: It’s Ysara. Yvlon, is that you? Say something you said to me.
Yvlon: Belt over boots?
Ice Squirrel: ??
YlawesB: That’s her.
Golden Gnoll: Maybe…are you alright?
Fetohep: I am copying this message unto these separate rooms. The quarry is the revival of Erin Solstice.
Ice Squirrel: oop
Yvlon: Is something wrong, Ceria?
Ice Squirrel: No, Fetohep.
GSNF: I don’t think he quite understands how this works. I need to look up precedent.
