8.60
Page 38
Krshia Silverfang: Hello? Is this Lyonette?
Mri: You are a damned fool, Krshia! A damned fool with little thought in your vacuous head of cotton! There is no Lyonette! There never was a Lyonette!
Krshia: I am sorry…Mri? Mri?
Mri: Oh dear. I must leave posthaste for a moment. I fear I am in some distress, but I shall rally and communicate my thoughts as best able in time.
Lionette: No, don’t go!
 
Much less the main chat.
 
Witch A: So how much is a cure worth? I submitted a recipe for the Ethereal-ingredient antidote, but there are not enough ingredients in Anazuland for a full recipe.
Ilvriss: That was you? I will pay you for any items you have at twice their market price.
Fetohep: I will receive those items now. A Courier will go to Anazuland at once.
Witch A: No! No! Please, do not trouble yourselves! We can arrange a Courier…Anazuland is not on many maps. Because we’re so small.
Saliss: Wait, you have ethereal-reagents? Is that their name? That antidote looked like it would work, but I’ve never heard of ethereal reagents. Who’s just walking around tossing out new alchemical ingredients.
Alchemist I: You have never heard of Ethereal-type reagents? My, my. Unexpected of Saliss of Lights. If this is Saliss of Lights.
Saliss: You’re a funny person, Alchemist I. And I suppose you’re good at alchemy?
Alchemist I: I have a passing talent, yes. What is this recipe? I would greatly like to peruse it.
Fetohep: My [Mages] shall copy it over to each one of you directly. They also vouch for its efficacy, although it is not perfect. That may be due to a lack of ingredients for even Exalted Khelt.
Lionette: It takes a reagent? Could one be growing in Oteslia???
Saliss: Probably not. I checked, but then again, it’s a reagent no one knows about.
Alchemist I: Once again, many people know of this ingredient, ‘Saliss’.
Saliss: Go eat your tail. Who knows about ethereal-class ingredients?
Witch A: Anazuland had a few.
Saliss: Well, obviously you did, but that’s one—
Alchemist I: I have used them from time to time. They are rare, but seaborn variants exist.
Saliss: Don’t make things up. I’m talking about real authorities, not [Charlatans].
Anonymous Spellcaster A: I am familiar with ethereal-type substances, though I am not an [Alchemist]. I regret that I do not have many…although there may be a thread that I could obtain? A spool of such material?
Saliss: Now you’re just making stuff up.
Viscount V: I regret to say that I too am familiar with the substance.
Eldavin: Are we discussing ethereal shrooms? Ghost Shrooms? I would like to pay for a few cultures if they can be spared. Wistram is out.
Saliss: I hate you all.
GSNF: This is an astonishing chat full of [Liars] or odd people. 
 
However, perhaps the best chat was the one where it was a bunch of ships passing each other in the night.
Or, in this case, a bunch of mad skateboarders zooming past each other butt-naked while jousting.
 
Golden Gnoll: Did I hear the Great Sage of Nerrhavia’s Fallen is in this? I would like to talk to her about a trifling matter.
Eldavin: I also, upon business regarding Nerrhavia and a matter of some import.
GSNF: I’m busy. What?
Ice Squirrel: Me too! I have a friend in need. She’s in Nerrhavia. My teammate? She’s falsely imprisoned. Is there someone I could speak to in authority?
GSNF: Hm? Interesting. That’s not really me, but I can pass on messages, I suppose.
Golden Gnoll: Wait, that is what I was going to discuss. I have someone I would like to pay any crimes or bounties on.
GSNF: That’s not how it works.
