8.60
Page 51
Geneva: I formulated the cure in three parts. Curing the poison before or after thawing the patient without damaging her body, or doing so in a way that would allow a sufficient healing potion or spell to take over.
Witch A: Yes. But it does not work :(. Not properly. Healing is tricky.
Geneva: It is. Even with medicine and magic, healing someone whose heart is entirely stopped is…the most difficult thing. 
Windy Girl: Can it even be done? Restart a completely dead heart?
Lionette: Let her write, please, Windy Girl.
Geneva: I would consider it nearly impossible. There is a difference between a heart with an electrical signal and one…without. Someone who is functionally dead in all respects is not the same as bringing back someone who has suffered a heart attack or drowned, for instance. In those cases, clearing the airways, restoring blood flow, is enough to continue the body’s operation. Not here. 
Wall Lord Ilvriss: What is the answer, then? A Selphid?
Geneva: A Selphid can make a body move, but if the person is truly dead, they are only moving a dead body. Perhaps there is some way to move every part of the body, restore blood flow, artificially or with magic. I do not know if I could consider that life.
True Grit: Someone will answer you when that time comes again.
Eldavin: Yes. They will. Please continue, Doctor Geneva. Do you have an answer?
Geneva: Yes, and again, I apologize because I wish to explain this to those working on the cure. There is a way to fill that last part.
Anonymous Spellcaster A: The missing piece.
Viscount V: A piece was missing?
Geneva: It was. To heal Erin Solstice, I am confident of this: it can be done.
Mri: YES!
Fetohep: Hush, child.
Geneva: The process is nearly the same as my rough outline. There are streamlined elements regarding the healing, antidote, and cold spells. I have read the backlog here, and the proposed changes work close to my own solution that is most efficacious in projected trials. I will append my notes. However, one more thing must be present when the cure is administered.
 
They waited. Geneva Scala wrote swiftly, and they waited.
What? The soul? Something like that?
If it were so simple…that was beyond the [Doctor]’s purview, anyways. So perhaps it was five things, but there was something else. Something simple, which made sense.
 
Geneva: When you revive Erin Solstice, you will need a particular class. 
Lionette: [Priest]? [Priest]!
Windy Girl: wtf
Eldavin: Hm? What’s that?
Geneva: No. Please, let me explain.
Lionette: I’m sorry.
Geneva: When you revive her, it isn’t contingent on a powerful healing spell alone. If she truly is dead, she will die even as the healing is being administered.
Cryomancer Ulea: This is exactly what we have observed. Then what do we need?
Geneva: A [General]. You need a [General]. Or a leader, someone with a Skill that boosts and enables warriors and soldiers to fight beyond their limit.
Windy Girl: !!!
Witch A: Clever.
RainyEarl: Oh. 
Eldavin: Of course. Elegant.
Yvlon: I don’t get it. I think I do, but please explain.
Geneva: A [General]. With a Skill that enables someone to survive the shock and trauma of death—hold on for that healing to take place. 
 
Her quill trembled in her hands. Geneva Scala was breathing hard, but that was it. The thing every doctor from her world, every [Healer] wanted.
That thing you couldn’t really account for, and that was the will of the patient. How did you help them fight? Cling to life, start that heart? It was impossible. It depended on them.
