8.61
Page 27
It was such a ridiculous statement. So…so why did Feor’s skin chill? Why did the half-Elf look at Aaron’s gaze as the young man blinked and backed away? He turned back to the scrying orb. And…
Wondered.
 
——
 
It was time.
The Archmage of Memory made his move.
Great powers moved. In Chandrar.
Elsewhere.
Such silly powers.
It was time. Did you forget? However long it took, you should never…
Forget.
A mortal man—no, an immortal Dragon who thought he was a mere man?
The might of Wistram.
A nation as powerful as Ailendamus.
They were all dust.
Dust compared to the dreams of old. There lay the final resting place of the greatest beings who had ever walked this world. And each of them came here.
Dragon. Giant. [Archmage]. [Hero]. [Legend]. Monster. Tyrant.
All save for true nightmares.
All save for Goblins and their ilk.
All save for those that had already been…lost.
Yet even in the lands of the dead, the sun shone downwards. The memory of the sun, from the memory of an umbrella, stolen. Stolen!
The same for the sword, held aloft by the sentinels at the edge of Chandrar. Enough to keep the shadows and nothings at bay. Enough to stave off death.
Death had consumed one continent, but the rest of the bastions still stood. Indeed, in Chandrar, in the lands of Khelt as they had been and were now, there was great cause for celebration.
Someone was coming back. Or it might be possible, now.
Still, the young woman sat with her head in her arms. Grieving for the cost. Grieving…as an exasperated [Witch], her friends and allies, paced around her.
The other ghosts, kings and queens, were sympathetic, but made plans. All was going as well as could be expected. They had reached a stalemate, and it favored them.
The frustrated five could not advance into any remaining zone.
Five.
Each one had a name. Some people even remembered their names, but with no…
Faith…
In their hearts. Five. Some called the one with the beard the greatest.
That was all you remembered. The beard, because that was constant. A vanity? A way to remember.
They named him Tamaroth.
Another—they called Kasigna. She was the most powerful here, and the other four were wary—greatly wary of her growing power. Yet even she was frustrated by the defiance.
A third was named Emerrhain. Of the five, those three were the ones with power.
The other two were a man who looked like he danced with every step, a man to know and love and to speak to. The woman was always young, a hunter, a warrior, fierce and proud and always young, for what she represented burned bright and ended faster.
They hung around the other three like envious moths. Angry, jealous.
After all, all three had something. Emerrhain and Tamaroth had a…foothold. Safety. Strength from that.
Kasigna? A purity of power, especially here. All three were superior and knew it, and laughed mockingly at the other two, even as they traded aeon-old jibes, bearing grudges and feuds into the now.
If they cooperated, it was grudgingly, because they had to, to survive. Power was driving them apart, reminding them they were no longer dependent on the others.
Five.
Five.
…There had been six.
Know them. If he could remember, Eldavin would have known them. The other two were not the greatest of their kind. Great—but once, they stood among pantheons.
Even so, remember, if only for what they represented. The Gracious Dancer, the Lover, the Friend of the Divine, the God of Dance and Love. 
Laedonius Deviy. Two names.
