8.61
Page 11
Teresa nodded shortly. They had been firing off and on for days. At first, the enemy armies had tried to block the lightning coming down, then tried to bait it with smaller forces. Only when they moved in bulk did the lightning strike from one of the towers around Reim, the capital city named after the nation.
Lesser forces had tried to take the walls, but they were cut down by arrows before they could get close. So…Nerrhavia’s Fallen did what it had done this entire war.
It bled.
Hordes of Stitch-folk, the poor Hemp, charged at the walls, looked up, and saw a flash. Yet they kept coming, bleeding the magic dry—or trying to.
“They keep coming. Again and again. They stopped for two days, and I think the [Soldiers] tried to rebel. We saw Cotton, even Silk, leading charges. [Mages]—some of them could block a shot. They had to.”
“Even Hemp will not suffer forever.”
The [Smith] of Clan Tannousin murmured. She stared at the anvil.
“What work?”
Teresa shook her head.
“You asked that. We don’t have any work.”
The young woman, the Human standing at the forge, laughed. She looked up and moved again, around the anvil.
Another clink.
She had chained herself to it.
“There is always work for a [Smith] in war. My father told me that. Nails. Arrowheads. Blades to reforge, armor to mend. What. Work?”
“We have no more wood for arrow shafts. They haven’t reached the walls, not yet. We don’t need more blades. Not yet. Everyone is armed. Even the refugees.”
They had come from across Reim. People settling the new villages, fleeing ahead of Nerrhavia. Or…coming to defend the capital.
Defend the King of Destruction. They came, when his vassals could not. Orthenon. Mars. Takhatres—Gazi, absent on her great mission.
All of them embattled, or so Teres believed. The last she had heard, Mars had challenged an army alone.
Takhatres was fighting in Hellios, protecting the Gnoll tribes and keeping the region from flaring up into outright rebellion. If there were anyone who might come in time, it was Orthenon—but he was far to the north.
And the armies knew the King of Destruction’s vassals would not let him die. So they were coming.
“Venith and Maresar are preparing for the first clash. They have some siege weapons, but they tried trading shots. One of the towers went down; we got the rest. Maresar calls it a good trade.”
Teres walked forwards. There was nowhere to rest, so she leaned against a wall. Nawal stared down at the anvil. Teresa wasn’t sure if she heard, but she kept speaking.
“Venith says they have battering rams and ladders. A few towers, and they’re making more. The towers will recharge. We’ll blow those to bits, so it’ll be ladders. If they take any part of the wall, we’re dead. He thinks they’ll come through the gates before the walls fall, reinforced or not. They want their chariots to come in.”
Nawal said nothing. Teresa went on.
“Right now, it’s the [Soldiers] in the army and the garrison on the walls. The people without combat classes will fight next. Daiton’s on the wall.”
“He should not be. A [Smith] is not meant to wield what they make.”
Nawal muttered. Teres paused, but there was nothing to say to that.
“Soon, they’ll arm whoever is willing to fight. Children. Mothers. Grandfathers. Some of them already have bows. Everyone will fight before they get through. Flos is in the castle.”
“The King of Destruction. Is he breathing?”
“He won’t heal.”
