8.61
Page 31
“This is the end. We must move. That will not be stopped with light and a single blade alone. To Khelt! To arms! This is the end of everything! To me, ghosts of Chandrar!”
The [Necromancer] howled, and suddenly every shape was in motion. They fled the shores. The Giants stomped away from their watch. It was time. It was too late.
It was—
 
——
 
The ghosts found the King of Khelt pacing about. Eighteen rulers and a young woman descended around him, as the other ghosts made plans, babbled, and a Dragonlord took flight. Surely the others had seen it.
They had time. Time—that army advanced slowly, but this was it. So Khelta shouted.
“Fetohep of Khelt! You must awaken Erin! You must hasten the completion of the ritual at any cost! Fetohep, the enemy has made its move and time has run out!”
All the ghosts shouted at him. The undead king jerked. He spun around.
“Great Khelta? What is happening? Is Erin Solstice alive? Where have you been?”
“Alive? No. We have seen the enemy. It moves! They come from beyond the edge! Fetohep—”
The [King] glanced around, patently bewildered. Erin flew about the capital and hesitated. She looked around, zoomed through the palace. Something was…
Wait.
Where were all the rooms filled with the research? Those poor, frozen bodies? She could only see the world as it was, the objects, not the people. But—but—
“Wait. Wait. That’s not—”
She flew out to the ritual and saw the [Mages] standing there. Staring down. Erin flew towards the palace and heard Fetohep’s voice.
“Great Khelta. Wait. Explain.”
“There is no time! We must move! There is not time to waste!”
“Time. I thought you had already—Khelta. Where have you been?”
At last, the tone of Fetohep’s voice made the ghosts pause. Serept, Xierca, Khelta looked around. And they realized what Erin had.
Something had…changed. The throne room was configured differently, which wasn’t a huge surprise. Things came and went. But—Erin couldn’t find the laboratories. She stared out the window.
“That building wasn’t there before.”
Khelta looked about.
“Fetohep? How long…we went to the coast to see…how long has it been?”
The king stared up towards the empty air. His golden eyes flickered with uncertainty.
“It has been one month since I last communicated with you.”
Erin Solstice looked at the ghosts. They turned. Looking at each other, then towards that horizon. Khelta’s lips moved. Then she looked at Erin. The [Innkeeper] saw the ruler exhale slightly.
“Then it is beyond time. Erin Solstice.”
She reached out and took the [Innkeeper]’s hands.
“Let us go.”
So slowly, slowly, they went to see how it would all end.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Well, this is the final chapter of the year, and I have worked my last day…on The Wandering Inn. For this year. Of 2021.
I have an announcement to make. Well, a scheduling announcement and a truly important one. The important announcement is that I have written a book. In secret. During those breaks where you thought I was resting.
…Tada.
It is called Gravesong, and it is fully written and in the process of being edited. It will be at least 150,000 words long, it is a novel and the first book in The Singer of Terandria series. I plan on releasing a 2nd Draft or a version for Patreons to read on Patreon, never for public readers, and the book sometime in the summer of 2022, with an audiobook as well.
