8.61
Page 1
Eldavin looked meaningfully at the half-Elf, formerly of Feor’s faction. She nodded, ears drooping with chagrin.
“Yes, Grand Magus. But the solution…?”
The Grand Magus snorted. He was reclining on a sofa, levitating snacks towards him, and she was facing him the same way. A Chandrarian style of relaxing; Eldavin’s head was propped up on one arm. He liked lounging. He could remember doing it all the time. People were too vertical.
“Well, I would normally say lead by example. Impeccable conduct for a decade. Given Wistram’s state and all these [Mages] you’d have to corral? The opposite will work. We make ourselves indispensable. Offer magic no one can match—or, at least, make such magic more convenient. That is how Wistram has survived before. Sometimes by virtue, other times by power alone. I say—power it is.”
She nodded, and he realized he wouldn’t get any arguments or her gainsaying him. It made him a bit sad. She was enamored. Perhaps rightly so, if he was truly the last Grand Magus with magic predating Zelkyr. They had forgotten so much.
Yet he thought of his first real student, even though she’d never shown much interest in magic.
Magnolia Reinhart. And that little brat…no, the original one.
Ressa. Ryoka had come later. She was grown. It seemed so fast, like it always did. Eldavin walked and talked, moving from Teura to Troy Atlas.
“Combat magic. You are a [Sand Mage] and a golem-owner. By rights, I should have you practicing sandstorm spells until you can sleep in the middle of one before I teach you a single arrow spell. [Sand Mages] are good at one thing. And that would be…?”
The young man frowned, his dark brown-red hair shifting slightly as he scratched at it. Dyed hair, Eldavin knew. Not from magic, he just knew a bad dye job when he saw one.
“Using sand, Grand Magus?”
“No. Being aggravating.”
He laughed, but Eldavin launched into an example.
“Sand is not exactly a superior weapon. [Geomancers] will kindly hit you with a giant rock…or engulf someone in the earth. Which, I grant you, is a variation on all elementalist classes. ‘Hit someone with fire. Hit someone with more fire.’ [Pyromancers], pah. No nuance. Higher-level spellcasters do more than just that. I was chatting with a young [Cryomancer] who seemed to understand her class was more than throwing frozen water around…”
Troy nodded obediently, but Eldavin saw him shifting as he sat cross-legged. He noticed these things, so he amended his dissertation.
“…You are a [Sand Mage]. Your entire class has made a history of ‘fighting’ by conjuring a sandstorm and annoying enemy [Mages] to death. Pop out of the sand, shoot an arrow through someone’s head, hide for a week, repeat.”
“I’d…like something a bit more direct, Grand Magus.”
Troy fought to keep his face straight. Eldavin snorted.
“And that’s why you’ll be the first [Sand Mage] to die. No patience. But I concede the point. There’s a simple remedy: we’ll respecialize you along two schools of magic. You’re already halfway towards the other.”
“Which is th…oh. Light magic?”
The young man got a nod. If he hadn’t figured it out, Eldavin would have had to reprimand him.
“Light and sand go together.”
“With glass. Someone told me that sand and light were fairly complementary schools, once.”
Troy began to smile, then it was swept off his face. Eldavin knew that look.
“I take it this person is no longer with us?”
He asked, as kindly as he could. Troy looked up.
“He died. Recently. I’m sorry, Grand Magus.”
