8.61
Page 5
“I will send you home, but not blindly. Not with warmongering nations—yes, among both worlds, you brat!”
The young man, Jacques, jumped. Eldavin pointed at him.
“However, one world is comprised entirely of Humans, and it sounds like one world would panic more upon meeting other species. I still don’t entirely believe that one species was there to begin with. Which begs the question what happened to the other ones…regardless, one world seems highly intolerant or, at least, unused to other cultures.”
Which, of course, was the wrong thing to say because the entire discussion turned into an argument on whether ‘Earth was racist’ for the next hour. Eldavin sighed. They missed the point. Everyone was speciesist. It wasn’t your bias, it was how you acted…
He noticed that Troy Atlas was quiet around the others. An outsider within their clique from another world. He was certainly included—but he stood apart.
The reason why was complicated, Eldavin suspected, but one of the factors was simply that Troy had seen battle. The others? Elena had seen something. Others had suffered traumas. Yet when Troy saw Saif and Leon arguing about whether or not Earth could take this world in a battle, magic versus guns and planes and industry…
He looked angry. At the two young men who talked so cavalierly about death on that scale. That was why he was Eldavin’s apprentice. He understood.
If we come to that, we have already failed.
Eldavin ended the session by clapping his hands and dispelling the room. Everyone sat in a blank, tiled room and looked at him as he rose.
“You all bear a weighty secret. I trust you will hold that knowledge tight. You already do with me—and that is well. But you cannot be ransoms of another world forever.”
“We’re guests of each faction of Wistram. That hasn’t changed, Grand Magus. We are learning magic, but that’s a long way from us being proper [Mages].”
Elena pointed out. Eldavin nodded. He swept the room, counting their levels.
“Yes. There are a few of you with adequate levels, but with Wistram’s authority…it is difficult for you to advocate for yourselves. That must be rectified. The strength to stand on one’s own is a foundation of trust. I will take care of it.”
He looked at them. There were three with levels high enough to even be counted.
Troy, Elena to some degree, and…
The young man ducked back. Eldavin saw a mop of untidy hair.
Aaron Vanwell.
Now, why did he avoid Eldavin’s gaze? He had been patently fascinated before, but something had shifted. Well, there were many normal reasons for that.
“How will you do that, Grand Magus?”
Eldavin smiled, a bit patronizingly, at Elena.
“For that, my dear, I hope you will attend my ceremony tomorrow. I have an announcement to make.”
She eyed him, but the others looked interested. Eldavin checked the time.
“[Astral Clock]…ah, I am late. I will see you all tomorrow, then. Excuse me.”
He hurried out of the room with brief farewells, and nearly ran into his next guest.
“Archmage Viltach.”
“Grand Magus. Or is it Archmage?”
Eldavin smiled slightly.
“Not yet. Will you walk with me? I apologize for the delay. Children and their discussions.”
“Naturally.”
The two strode along the corridors, and Eldavin refocused. The Archmages of now were not the powerhouses of magic as before, but they were still people and clever enough.
He did not like them. Verdan Blackwood, Valeterisa, Feor, Viltach, and Nailihuaile—as well as one or two more with the honorary title, who hadn’t even bothered to come to Wistram yet.
