8.61
Page 14
Teresa Atwood stood there, and looked blankly at the sword. She looked at her patched armor, which hid scars, and out towards the fighting on the walls.
Death. A final stand, waiting for a miracle. An officer had climbed up and was laying about him on one of the ladders. A high-level warrior—perhaps higher-level than her. Beyond him lay Nerrhavia’s hordes, countless soldiers for every one of Reim’s.
But she didn’t run, or hide, though she could have, could have not ridden with him. Teresa smiled.
“I didn’t ever say? It’s not very grand, like Trey. I know there are things Flos will do—if he lives. Terribly bad things. Brave and glorious. I believe in him. I like him. But it’s not just because of him.”
Nawalishifra waited. Teres looked outside. Her lips moved.
“…It wasn’t a bad life, back home. But it wasn’t a big one, either. We were one in a crowd of billions. We just were. Trey loves history. He’d read to me about figures from the past. Attila, Churchill, Alexander…you have stories like that in your world, don’t you?”
“Yes. The greatest [Smiths] of old. Heroes of Chandrar.”
Teresa nodded. She looked at Nawal and pointed outside.
“If. If you were there, back then. If you could follow them, for good or ill. Even if you knew how it would end, even if you changed nothing and history never remembered your name? Would you go?”
Nawal looked blankly at Teres. The young woman looked at her sword.
“This. This matters, for good or ill. No matter what, I was there. I couldn’t go back. If we ran away, we’d just be two people in another world. You get one chance, Nawal. I was lucky enough to land here. You weren’t meant to die chained to that anvil.”
She looked at Nawal. When she got no reply, Teresa Atwood strode out of the smithy. She jogged towards the walls, out of the courtyard of the palace.
The fighting was getting worse. Someone was cleaving around, taking down [Soldiers]. Maresar and Venith had command of their walls.
The [Bandit Lord] stood on one of the towers, shouting instructions as she loosed arrows down into the throng, avoiding the hail in return. Venith was engaged with one of the battering rams, hacking the attackers down as his people tore the device apart and dragged the scraps in.
The officer of Nerrhavia’s Fallen was trying to clear the ladders around him. [Soldiers] came up, held back by Reim’s experienced warriors, but there were so many.
All it took was one foothold. Teresa began to shout, then stopped. She looked up, slowed.
The [Lieutenant] of Nerrhavia’s Fallen, blade shining crimson against the light. They stared upwards, towards the citadel that dominated the center of the city.
The fighting people of Reim, and even the [Soldiers] of Nerrhavia’s Fallen, looked up. Towards a balcony, where a figure clung to the stone.
Bandages fluttering in the wind. Stained red just by moving. Even his face wasn’t visible, but Teresa saw a flicker of red-gold hair. She felt his presence.
The King of Destruction. He looked down towards the walls and lifted his hand. Teres saw a flicker—
Flos Reimarch threw a javelin from the balcony. It flashed through the air, like a meteor of steel, thrown by the strongest [King] in the world.
The [Lieutenant] tried to dodge—then block. The tip of the javelin struck them in the chest and carried them off the wall. Teresa heard a scream—then a roar from the defenders.
She looked up, and saw the King of Destruction staggering, collapsing. Telltale red spreading across his chest and arms where he’d re-torn muscles. Servants helped him back as Teres took the stairs two at a time.
