8.61
Page 7
“Magnificent work. I don’t think I could create this, even with it as a blueprint.”
The man murmured, not able to conceal the chagrin and envy in his tone. Eldavin was careful not to sound superior.
“It isn’t for experience, I think. I’ve seen your work, and you are an adept craftsman. More patient than I…it’s simply for lack of tools and methodology. With the right practice, you could easily improve it.”
“You believe so?”
Eldavin nodded. They were concealing their conversation as [Mages] watched them walk together.
“This is what I wish to do, Archmage Viltach. Take Wistram to a point where these wands are, if not commonplace, accessible. For purchase! That would mean the truly inaccessible wands are the stuff of Truestone. Or bound light itself.”
“The age of myths.”
Viltach looked up, as if he could see it. Eldavin nodded again.
“That is Terras’ goal as a faction. That, and managing the Earth situation.”
“Improving magic…has long been the claim of Centrists, Libertarians, and most groups.”
Viltach, as head of the Libertarian party, was quick to point this out. Eldavin met his gaze directly.
“It has been. But I am placed to make good on the promise. However, like every faction, Archmage Viltach—Terras has a nuance that intersects with politics. In a sense, ours mirrors your Libertarian faction. Wistram has been the political, yet independent, party too long. The vulture who plays both sides. We must entangle ourselves. It is not a perspective Feor’s Centrists share, nor Verdan Blackwood with his…”
Eldavin snapped his fingers briskly, conjuring mana sparks as he searched for an appropriate word.
“Armored interests?”
Viltach suggested. Eldavin gave him a wry nod.
“Archmage Nailihuaile is reasonable in this regard. So I hope I can count on the Libertarians tomorrow in a snap vote.”
“Regarding your announcement. And that would be…?”
“To be announced tomorrow. So secret that I believe my faction will first hear of it from my lips when I say it.”
Viltach looked at Eldavin. A snap vote on matters Eldavin’s own party hadn’t heard of? And he was asking for Libertarians to vote on it? An unconditional ‘yes’?
Madness. In old Wistram, that was. It would never fly, but, because Eldavin was here, he’d calculated this would work.
If I tell him or my people, word will spread and they’ll jumble themselves up over it. They have to start running and keep running after me.
But he couldn’t swing the Council alone. Eldavin could do what he wanted, in theory, and let them censure him, but he wanted this to drag all of Wistram in.
Nailihuaile, Terras under Eldavin and Valeterisa, and the Libertarian block would have a majority no matter what Feor, Verdan, and the independents wanted.
Of course, it depended on both other Archmages putting all their political capital behind a blind deal. Insanity?
Someone watched Eldavin and Viltach. The man smiled, putting up his hands, just as planned. You could still read his lips…if you tried very hard to pierce the obfuscation spells.
I can’t simply agree to…something something. Eldavin put a hand on Viltach’s shoulder. The watcher hesitated as he saw Eldavin say something. Viltach recoiled as if struck, then stared down at the wand.
“Don’t do it, you fool.”
Viltach looked at Eldavin…and then nodded.
Archmage Feor cursed a blue streak. Eldavin smiled, took Viltach by the hand, and pulled something from his bag of holding. He handed it to Viltach, and the Archmage of Terandria’s eyes locked onto it. Then he strode away.
“…be seeing what happens tomorrow. I assure you, more will be coming.”
