8.61
Page 16
“It’s not mine. I’m leaving it with you all so I don’t lose it. You should…watch what it says. And this. It goes with this. I’ll come back for it. Maybe. We’ll see. But I wanted it to be safe. Other [Mages] and all that.”
Troy saw Elena turn the object over in her hands. She looked up at him, stared down at the grit worked into it, despite the [Repair] spells. Something about the young man’s eyes…she looked uncertainly at the backpack.
And the camera.
“What’s going on, Troy? You’re weirding me out.”
He looked up at the ceiling, then shrugged at Elena.
“Just getting everything in order. Eldavin’s big address is in two hours, right? See you there. Read the letter by tonight.”
He nodded and stepped away. Elena looked at the camera. Slowly, she turned it on, checked the memory, went to the first recording…
And felt a chill as she began to watch. Trey walked back. He wondered if Eldavin’s big plan would get in the way.
They’d see.
 
——
 
“Young man, young man. Would you like to be part of Grand Magus Eldavin’s big plan?”
High Mage Telim hated running about. He even had a habit of casting [Haste] on himself—or [Slow] on other people—just so he didn’t have to.
That alone made him a [High Mage]. [Haste], a Tier 4 spell with a higher complexity than normal, such that some [Mages] called it…Tier 4.5.
Which went far in explaining why the new Grand Magus looked down so much on the Wistram of now. Telim himself agreed. A Courier—the redoubtable Mage Runner of Izril—could cast [Haste]. In times past? Why, you could fly. No one liked to admit it, but the Garuda had most Couriers beat until, oh, Level 40?
The young man in question turned, looking guarded, but he smiled when he saw Telim.
“High Mage.”
“None of that, now. Troy, I’ve been tasked with finding you.”
“For what? Does the Grand Magus want something?”
Troy Atlas looked somewhat nervous, and Telim suspected…shenanigans. Which meant he was curious and sympathetic. Young [Mages], running off to play pranks or kiss each other in closets that turned out to be one-way mirrors. He and Sa’la had been young, once.
Youth. He smiled, but kept his tone hurried. Normally he’d jaw all day, but—he was part of a faction now. He’d escaped it all his life, but Terras came calling and…Telim knew how to ride a wave.
Or he had. Did they still surf along those shores of Baleros? Lizardfolk, the most naturally adept waveriders in the world thanks to those tails for balance?
Telim missed it, sometimes. Not the leeches. Or the piranhas. Or the crocodiles. Or the…wait, he didn’t really miss it. He just missed being young.
Youth stood in front of him now, fidgety, nervous, and…Telim brushed at his robes.
“Grand Magus Eldavin has a project. I don’t know what it is. But he wants a few of you lot—”
He waggled his brows at Trey, who got that Telim meant Earthers.
“—to participate. If you agree, I take you to get ‘ready’, whatever that means. He assures you through me it will be an occasion you do not want to miss. But, ah, also, he wanted you above most.”
“Me. I’m a bit…busy, High Mage. I don’t know if I can go with the Grand Magus. Even for a day of ceremony.”
Troy was reluctant. Telim sighed.
“Understandable. But—damn. What did Eldavin say? Oh, yes. ‘It was a shortcut for the thing you wanted.’ The spirit of those words, at least.”
Troy blinked. He looked sharply at Telim, and the High Mage noticed, once again, that Troy had that look.
