8.61
Page 8
Eldavin proceeded ahead, slowing as a [Mage] waved a hand.
“Grand Magus! Grand Magus! Please, can I ask you a question about magic?”
“Shut up, you idiot!”
A nervous gaggle of students watched as Eldavin slowed. The half-Elf sighed, but smiled.
“Yes, young man?”
The nervous Lizardman was holding a spell tome. He was so surprised he nearly fell over, but then was leafing through his spellbook.
“I had a spell I was stuck on. I think you can make it…elastic? But no one says it’s possible. But I said that if anyone would know…”
“Ah, advanced spellcraft. Show me?”
The students all gathered around as Eldavin waved apologetically at Viltach, but the other Archmage had stopped. Eldavin hmmed and checked the student’s question against his spellbook.
They used to do that to Feor. Not that the half-Elf could stop for every question, but he had been known to do that.
Now?
“We had an agreement, Viltach. Whatever he’s up to, you were supposed to refuse. Are you insane?”
Feor appeared and Viltach jumped. He half-hid what looked like hand-written notes from Eldavin. Feor took a mental snapshot, but he didn’t see much.
“Feor! You were watching us?”
“It seems I should have.”
The half-Elven Archmage glared at Viltach. Look at him. He was Archmage Feor, but everyone looked at the real Archmage of half-Elves now.
It stung. Teura’s betrayal stung. His sudden fall from grace stung. Eldavin’s clearly masked scorn stung.
The worst part was that Feor knew Eldavin was a spellcaster who knew magic beyond his own. He looked at Viltach.
“You agreed. Nailihuaile agreed, but she’s a young radical who can’t see beyond her own tail. How much did you sell your vote for? For anything he wants?”
Viltach closed his eyes. He held the sheaf of bound papers in his hand and refused to look Feor in the eye.
“…Multiple-artifact casting.”
“What?”
The Human man opened his eyes and looked Feor straight in his. The silver-haired half-Elf…Viltach knew he dyed his hair. It was the kind of secret the top [Mages] shared about, paid for, so they could know. Viltach looked at Feor, then at the genuinely old being standing there, calmly lecturing students about ‘elasticity’ in spells. Something Viltach and Feor would have happily learned, stood there, if not for their egos.
Because they didn’t know. Because Eldavin was…too powerful. Too old. He knew too much. 
He was becoming Wistram. And it reminded Feor of the Drake who had done the same, but with Golems rather than magic theory alone.
Zelkyr.
“This is a manual on how to cast from multiple artifacts. Not just a wand in each hand. This is how I could hold eight staves if I had that many hands, or float them—and use each one to boost my magic, Feor. Without magical interference from each. Boosting—not linking them up for a minor improvement.”
The Archmage’s mouth moved silently.
“That’s…not possible.”
Viltach gave him a sickly grin.
“It wasn’t. It wasn’t—and now it is. Or do you think Eldavin’s lying? I don’t know what Nailihuaile sold her votes for. I don’t particularly care. You might be right. We might be dragged along in Eldavin’s wake, Feor, but you know what I think? You and Verdan missed your chance. If you were truly intelligent, you would have made a deal with Eldavin first.”
He turned on his heel and strode away. Feor looked at Eldavin, who had surely seen him, [Greater Invisibility] or not. The new, upcoming Archmage couldn’t be stopped. Feor turned away, rattled—and almost missed Eldavin as he bent down to take the young Lizardman’s claw.
