8.61
Page 2
“Think nothing of it. We will begin with a light-based spell, then. Light is weaker, but infinitely adaptable. Fast, too. It suits you. Incidentally, where is your Golem?”
“Killing roaches, I think?”
“Ah, very good.”
Another lie. But Eldavin didn’t press Troy Atlas on the distinctly stronger Lifesand Golem he detected via the boy’s mana link.
He didn’t tell the other [Mages] he had more magic then they could even dream of. Yes, he told them long-distance teleportation was not a thing of dreams anymore. Yes, he said you could encrypt magic, learn to levitate, and even bind elementals.
Eldavin didn’t tell them he could see their little magic spells, read rituals like a book. He didn’t tell them how many Tier 7 spells he knew.
He didn’t know himself why he was so reticent—besides a healthy interest in keeping a number of secret advantages hidden, of course.
Something told him they weren’t ready. Sometimes he said things. Thought things.
Dragon-like. I have met Dragons.
The certainty grew over him. Eldavin stood on the balcony of his sumptuous apartments and stared at the bubble of controlled weather around Wistram.
It was raining. He had told the [Mages] that pure, clear skies were idiotic. In fact, it was more impressive thus.
Wistram rained. A squall, fierce and sleeting over the magic towers. Rain steamed away over the Everburning Tower of Rais. It began to freeze around another one; the droplets reversed direction and flew away from a gravitational field.
In other places, they just poured down the magnificent, scattered facade of the Academy of Magic.
A storm in a bubble. For the world outside of Wistram was as calm as could be. Such that the ships coming to Wistram looked into a place that obeyed no rules but those it made.
That was magic. 
“I have met Dragons.”
Eldavin said the words out loud after casting six spells to hide his voice. Just so he could hear himself say it.
He knew it was true. It was so true he wanted to shout the words. Yet…
“I cannot remember them. No…”
It was a faint memory. Slipping out of his grasp, even with memory spells. Memory spells existed, as he used them; even Valeterisa had them. Yet when he searched and the drawer in his head opened…
Nothing. As if what it had contained were gone.
Did I excise the memories myself? I must have—or they did. Did I lose some great battle with a nemesis, and am now a cripple? All too likely. Was it the Necromancer? Am I a puppet? No—no. I blasted that fool with fire; he is a skilled [Necromancer], but his adaptation to other schools is weaker.
Who else? The Death of Magic? She’s one of the few mighty spellcasters left in this world. But that’s so improbable I’d be alive. Djinni? Why would I be here? Who else could use such magic I’ve met recently? Regis Reinhart with an artifact? Hah! The only other person with comparable magic is…
“Duke Rhisveri of Ailendamus.”
It was surely him. Eldavin glowered. He had a name for a nemesis. It was not exactly hard to piece together. Well, he had been confounded by the long-range casting.
He had…lost.
He could admit that. Eldavin cast a spell.
“[Conjure Pebble].”
He then kicked the pebble over the balcony. It soared over the edge in a gratifying way. In a less-gratifying way, he heard the crash of pottery.
“My plants!”
“[Greater Invisibility].”
Eldavin thought to himself, invisible and inaudible, carefully ignoring the indignation coming from below. No, he had to have done it to himself.
