8.61
Page 26
A worried Necromancer.
Wondering who he was. Guessing. Countless more, who knew or not. A [Lady] clutching her [Maid]’s hand in a white-knuckled grip.
The armor was a signal. Arm them. Wistram would have an army. And an army to fear, no matter how few of them there were. A single [Mage] could turn the tides of a battle. Fifty suits of armor.
“You should have worn it, Troy. Or is it Trey?”
Eldavin drew on that unknown connection. Deeper, deeper…he gasped. The air began to morph around him.
So bright. 
The Archmage of Memory cast his spell, to show them the last of it. Like his [Light Bridge]—
 
——
 
They descended to earth, bearing regalia of another time. Each one perfect in detail. Horns engraved with sigils of old blew a tune only the dead truly remembered.
In ranks, a legion of their own, marching forwards, so perfectly done in face and guise that only the golden light making them up—no, gentle light. 
Sunlight—
Marked them as not real people.
“Silvenia. You could do scarce better. Who is that?”
The Death of Chains, Czautha, pointed at the warriors. Silvenia didn’t answer. She just listened, hands clenched, shivering with anticipation. She said the words as the half-Elf shouted them.
“[Legions of Radiance, the Sundrenched of Caonis]!”
A summoning spell. A thousand warriors charged as the Order of the Hydra looked up and quailed.
 
——
 
“Visophecin. Get me the Thief.”
Rhisveri spoke in the silence. The Viscount stood up.
“That’s your enemy?”
The Wyrm stared at Eldavin. His fake self vanished.
The Wyrm of Ailendamus hissed. He glared at the image.
“That half-Elf will die. Prepare more armies. We are taking Calanfer and crushing all of them. All of them. Do you understand me? All of—”
 
——
 
Then it was done. The remaining [Mages] in Wistram were merely an audience. They watched as the Archmage of Memory entered the war on Ailendamus. His faction was fighting, although it was a rout.
High Mage Telim, Sa’la, the rest. So that was what he meant.
They would level or die. This was the forging fire for [Mages]. A war.
The others were shaking. The other factions, each led by an Archmage or powerful [Mages]—they looked at each other.
Were they factions? Was there anyone but Eldavin worthy of the title of…
Feor was white-faced. He sagged against a wall. That damned Eldavin. He was ruining everything. There was no stopping him, was there? He could throw any plan into chaos. He was too powerful to stop.
Verdan had the same look on his face. The two Archmages had joined forces, but even if the others did—if they somehow persuaded Amerys to join them? If it was five Archmages versus one Eldavin, how were the scales balanced? Not just in power, but knowledge?
He was too dangerous. Too old.
Someone else agreed with them. As Feor tried to work saliva into his mouth, a hand tapped on his shoulder. He jerked, turned to tell someone else to begone—and saw one person not transfixed by everything.
Even though it was his creation, taken and refined…Aaron Vanwell had not joined the testing of his armor. He had a faraway look in his eyes.
“What? What is it? The Grand Magus—this is not the time to discuss…whatever it is, Aaron.”
The young man shook his head. He stared back at the Archmage of Memory in the scrying orb.
“He won’t be a problem, Archmage Feor.”
The Archmage stopped, about to step away, politeness or not. He looked at Aaron, and the other Archmages clustering to talk did the same. The young man spoke, his voice uncertain, but the words…
“Eldavin will not live long.”
