8.61
Page 28
And that young woman, always fierce? Always representing her champions, the ones she loved? She would stand by your side in the heat of war, bless you. You, who took up arms. Hunter of Glorious Souls. Patron of Valor. Goddess of War and Youth.
Cauwine. Armed with bow, the wandering deity who had only taken sides at the last.
“Cauwine. You pale. Does that Archer-King with a bow pierce your flesh?”
Kasigna mocked her. The huntress bared her teeth, but was forced to endure in silence. For even that one name was a power—it told much that Kasigna used it. Hungrily, the huntress lapped at it, humiliated, a moth drawn to a single lifeline in this dark place.
“You make much of yourself, Kasigna. For one who cannot control what belongs to her.”
The scholar, the spellcaster, returned from his errand, and Kasigna’s fury could have scorched even this place—if only there were power enough. The others chuckled, for it was true!
“Ware yourself, Emerrhain. You claim that which is mine. You and Tamaroth, grubbing in Izril for scraps.”
The bearded man’s smile was overly bright. Yet—they stood in the ocean, neutral ground, for it was true that each had claimed a ‘zone’.
By their power, Tamaroth and Emerrhain kept the others from their…places. Kasigna could challenge either, but everyone was hoarding their strength.
They were still so hungry.
Starving.
Famished.
So, their barbs stayed alone to words. They were frustrated. Angry. Wary—this had not gone as planned. Chandrar should have been theirs. Then, with that strength, Terandria would fall next, and then Baleros and Drath.
Then…
But it had not happened. Not, for a thief, not, because of one damned kingdom. Not, for the defiance of those who should worship.
It repeated itself. Some of the five saw it, others ignored, but few voiced it.
This was as it was. This was why it was now.
Time again.
 
——
 
Erin Solstice’s head rose. She had been weeping, ignoring the others. Angry and sad.
And hopeful. That was the worst part. She had been hoping, and knew it came at cost.
So glad…so glad, despite the loss. Despite the pain.
She wanted…
Califor stopped, her hand resting on Erin’s shoulder. Cawe, trying to cheer Erin up by making faces, hesitated. Gerial straightened.
“…What was that?”
Every ghost milling about Khelt looked up. Every single one—and there were too many to count in a lifetime—froze. Erin saw it happen as one.
She felt it herself. The [Innkeeper] looked up. Her heart was only a memory, but it wanted to pound.
Her lips opened.
“Something just happened.”
“Erin! Where are you? To me, rulers of Khelt! To me, and the umbrella and sword!”
Khelta flew through the air, shouting. The ghosts of Khelt flew after her, and every other ghost on these lands. Instinctively.
Had they come again? Had the six—no—five, tried another attack on the shores?
No. It didn’t feel like that. It had never felt like that. Erin flew with the others, seeking—going to see, but not knowing how she knew.
It was…
Instinct. The ghosts travelled as one, a vast distance, taken in a heartbeat in the way of this world, where time lost some of its meaning.
Towards the shores.
Yet—the wrong shores. Califor noticed it, as did the other [Witches]. Somilune, Califor, even a few other ghosts slowed.
“This is not the same shore as before. Where are we?”
“East. East—”
Some ghosts were along the south of Chandrar. Califor looked at the other Witches.
“Naught lies those ways. If it came from Terandria, or Baleros, or Izril, Wistram—anywhere else. It would be the north and west. East, for the very edges of Izril, perhaps. But…”
