8.61
Page 17
The look some of the students who came to Wistram had. You had bright young people from around the world from relatively rich families. Then you had the ones who’d cut their way clear of a Manticore’s belly or something suitably dramatic. You put those two together and sometimes it was like children and adults, but their bodies had been swapped.
Troy Atlas thought, but in the end, he shook his head.
“I’m sorry, High Mage. Can you find someone else? I’m intrigued. But…I have something to do.”
Telim nodded, already calculating the most economical vector to another Earther or [Mage] on his list. He smiled, ready to brush it off—no one wanted to just stand in a ceremony for ages. Then he looked at Troy. Telim never said it as he bade the young man a hurried farewell, but he thought that decision had meant more than he knew.
 
——
 
By the time everything was ready, Terras knew. High Mage Telim, Teura, and his most trusted [Mages] knew—at least, part of it. They stared at Eldavin like he was some [Sorcerer] wielding a Staff of Mutual Annihilation.
Or some god of old.
“Huh?”
The Grand Mage’s breath caught for a second as he stood behind a floating curtain. He paused in adjusting his new robes and looked around.
“Eldavin?”
Teura was helping him put them on. These were no standard, monochrome or even lightly embossed robes. Eldavin had customized them himself, and they were robes that evoked fire.
Flame-red, crossed with white, green, and a void-blackness cut with blue along the interior to provide a relief of Wistram’s own sigil—that academy on an island.
Robes fit for an [Archmage]. Eldavin’s lips moved.
“Strange. It’s…nothing, Teura. Are the candidates in place? Hidden?”
“All sixteen.”
“The rest?”
“Ready to go. Thirty-four, prepared.”
“The Terras faction and others?”
“In position. I double-checked your ritual, but I couldn’t verify all the components…”
She was stressed. So Eldavin smiled, reached out, and gently patted her shoulder.
“My dear, I am only double-checking. Forgive me. I have everything in place, and improvisation is not impossible.”
Teura relaxed and smiled at him, and Eldavin—
Felt a pinch at his heart. He ignored it. But there it was again.
Something was off. Yet this was surely not the time to investigate it.
However, Eldavin’s chase within himself had found a thread which ran deeper than all the others, and he knew it just from that word. He stood there, absently tugging on his robes, as someone began to speak.
Archmage Nailihuaile. She was on the dais in front of him, in one of the largest halls of Wistram. The Council debated here, but they had forgotten its original purpose.
Before him and the floating curtain, he knew, there was a second ‘box’ of illusory spells hiding sixteen young people, half Earthers, half [Mages]. He was a bit upset that Troy had refused, but the young man also had a sense of the dramatic. He might accept…later.
Well, Eldavin would have to arrange it. Terras was also in place on the bleachers. So were the Libertarians, Centrists, Revivalists…
This would be a vote, as well. But the room was packed…because most of Wistram was here.
Few things could mobilize every [Mage] to come. It was worse than herding cats. The inauguration of an Archmage was one of the few things that could do it.
They all knew something was up. Little undead mice knew something was up. They could sense the cloaked magic in the air, and the other Archmages, even the ones Eldavin had bought, were waiting.
