8.61
Page 15
They threw the ladders back as the disorganized [Soldiers] milled and retreated, screaming as hot oil, rocks, arrows, and alchemical weapons were thrown at them from above. Even sewage water.
Teresa stood there, sword drawn, watching this wave flee and another come towards the walls. She didn’t know what Nawal was doing. Nor how long they could hold.
First [Soldiers]—then the civilians by the countless thousands behind the walls. Or would they let it happen? Teres looked back at children, frightened faces. She looked ahead and saw helmets glinting as arrows forced everyone to take cover. She sheltered against the battlements, and the air flashed as a tower discharged lightning.
Thunder split the sky. Teres dragged herself up as the first ladder slammed against the wall. She stood. Breathing heavily as her heart pounded in her chest. Teres looked around and laughed.
“Ha.”
It came out of her. Raw laughter.
“Ha. Hahaha. I feel alive.”
Then she raised her sword and brought it down.
In the smithy, Nawalishifra listened to the fighting. Her lips moved, cracked, and bled. Like her raw hands. She stared down at the empty anvil.
“I am Tannousin. I was born to make something beautiful. Something worth far more than I. My clan is dying. My father lies dead. I have killed my brother.”
She lifted her hammer and stared at it.
“I would sacrifice everything for this.”
Slowly, Nawalishifra looked around. Vaguely, her mind slowly forming. The chains around her legs dropped away. Food. She needed food. She needed…she swept the raw metal away, the forged ingots. Searching.
It was surely there, even if she had to trade something for it. Slowly, the last smith of Clan Tannousin began her final work.
 
——
 
Troy Atlas watched the news. His lips moved.
“It’s time.”
He made some preparations. Wrote a few letters. Went to pay a visit to a fellow student. Emirea, the little girl, and Goelv, the Gazer, both went to ask if Troy wanted to study magic together, but something stopped them as he talked with Carn, who sometimes wrote ‘Calac’ on his homework.
The two young students looked at Troy. Then towards the door to his room.
A four-foot tall figure stood there. Very tall…for what she had been. Much more well-defined. She even had a mithril sword.
Minizi. She was normally tromping about, sometimes with a grisly ‘trophy’, and no one knew quite where she went, but Viltach and Troy worked on her. She was peeking out from behind the door, one of her gemstone eyes visible.
That wasn’t that scary…when she did it at night it was unnerving. But she wasn’t trying to creep anyone out, now.
Rather…the two young students hesitated. Because Minizi was staring at Troy’s back. And…
Shaking. She looked—
Nervous?
Troy Atlas smiled as he took Carn’s hand. The young man shook it and smiled himself. It was rare to see him less than grumpy.
“I’ll see you later.”
“Or not. Best of luck.”
Troy ducked his head.
“Yes.”
The young man turned, and the Lifesand Golem fled into the room before he noticed. Troy wandered back into his room and came out with something.
“Where are you going, Troy?”
“I need to give something to…Elena. I can’t study tonight. I’m going to be busy. Sorry, guys.”
Troy smiled at them. The two students exchanged a look as he walked off.
The [Sand Mage] knocked on Elena’s room. He handed her two things. The first was a letter, with a request to read it later and think about it. The [Beautician] eyed Troy, then nearly dropped the next thing.
“Troy. What is this? Where did you get…? You never said you had one!”
