8.61
Page 22
He clapped sarcastically. The sound echoed in the background. Eldavin looked about and shook his head.
“That is the most I could ask from Wistram. United we stand to throw words rather than spells.”
“You insult your own academy and peers, Archmage.”
Feor rose slowly. Eldavin glanced at him.
“Do I? Or do I say the truth, Feor? You voted, an overwhelming majority, to condemn a nation that threatens others. That makes war with terrible death. A vote is a vote, and you have done so in the eyes of the world. Perhaps—because they were watching. It is still only a vote. You speak your convictions as if that proves you hold them. I…”
He touched at his chest absently.
“I have no time for such things. I thank you all for joining my condemnation of Ailendamus. The Academy of Magic stands with the Dawn Concordat in spirit—a frail, useless, contemptible thing.”
The Archmage of Memory turned, and his eyes lit up. He raised his hand, and that silent box, that partition of hidden people, began to move.
“Now, with Wistram’s blessing, I shall be more direct. I am the Archmage of Memory. I am Eldavin, Lord of Flames! I call the Terras faction—to war.”
Eldavin saw Teura’s head rise. Telim swallowed hard. The other [Mages] hesitated. However, Archmage Verdan was in the weeds, and it was keep going or sink. So he sneered down at Eldavin.
“To war? You intend to sail to Terandria and enlist in an army, then? Or hire [Mercenaries]? How would you affect your war against a sovereign nation?”
The Archmage of Armor’s confidence died as Eldavin looked up at him. Feor was already taking cover; he remembered what Verdan had apparently forgotten: how Eldavin had first come to Wistram and introduced himself.
“[Refraction Barrier: Flame]. [Fourfold Arcane Barrier]. [Steel Scales]…”
Naili muttered under her breath. At last, she saw something happening. She looked down and swore.
“Oh, Nagas.”
The most skilled [Mages] sensed it first. Teura knew where to look since she and a few others had helped Eldavin set it up, but even experts in the field, like Beatrice, took a second. When she did see it, the Dullahan’s eyes went round.
“The floor.”
Everyone looked down. The tiles upon which the Magic Council had been set were…cracking.
Lines of force were snaking their way around, completing a vast circle, an intricate spellcasting pattern that put sweat onto everyone’s lower backs.
“Wh-what are you doing, Archmage Eldavin?”
“Sailing. Sailing.”
Eldavin muttered. He focused on Verdan, with a kind of pained air of disgust.
“Is that who we are, now? [Shipwrights] and [Sailors]? We are magic, little [Mage]. Nor do I need to explain myself to you. A faction will go unto war. Live or die—we will do what we believe we must. Terras of Wistram! If you gainsay it, if you disagree, meet me across the battle lines and challenge me in person.”
He pointed, and half the Archmages ducked. But no [Grand Fireball] came. Eldavin glanced around. Then he pointed.
“Ah, yes. I almost forgot to announce my second initiative. While the spell completes, please observe my new creation. I believe some of you might recognize the design.”
The curtains pulled back and revealed sixteen young men and women. Half were students. The other half—
“Flynn? George?”
Elena shot upright. Troy stared down. So that was what Eldavin—
Every head among the Earthers swung around. Someone had gone dead white. Aaron Vanwell’s lips moved. An angry dead thing was screaming.
“What has he done? What has he—”
“Archmage?”
