8.61
Page 0

[The story is on break until January 15th for Patrons for the annual break and for a very secret project! Check the Author’s Notes to hear about…Gravesong.]
 
Even a day afterwards, he was chuckling about it all. Not always in pure humor. Wry contemplation and self-introspection would be part of how he’d describe it.
If, of course, he held any counsel with his most inner thoughts. But Grand Magus Eldavin did not, even to his occasional companionship. He did not even think loudly, not here.
For even Wistram decayed was still Wistram. The half-Elf often looked up, in the entrance hall, and remembered, faintly, a glorious institution of magic. So grand that all would pay homage and seek to learn here.
[Archmage], [Queen], Unicorn, even Dragon and Wyrm. Species so rare they no longer existed.
Then his eyes would begin to mist, and he did not know exactly why. For these were times so long ago even he could not have lived them.
Yet he spoke as if he did. Grand Magus Eldavin stood in his lecture class, which had [Mages] and students alike, and spoke. Like a compulsion had a hold over his tongue.
“Once, there were teachers of every kind. Once, Wistram’s professors were not [Mages]. Here! Where I stand, there was no mere half-Elf!”
His audience rustled. Eldavin stood to one side and pointed down.
“Once! You would have learned geomancy—no, earth magic in its purest form, the power of nature itself—not from someone with a class, but from a Dryad themselves! Great [Mages] would beg knowledge from beings with a magic they did not understand, trade favors for the feathers of Phoenixes. This was Wistram as it was. Let those days come again. Or—”
And here a lump entered his throat, so he had to speak quietly.
“—As close as we can come to them.”
Why did he say that? Some [Mages] thought he did it to humble them, to impress his long memory and knowledge of pre-Zelkyr times. Some—the Archmages included—regarded him as nothing more than a threat.
Like a greater scavenger, come to the carrion of Wistram as it is. They surely saw every flaw and weakness of the academy.
Feor did. He had been trying to fix it. After months here, Eldavin gave him that. Wistram’s [Mages] were not incompetent. They knew they were reduced, but the way they solved it was so…so classically Drake-like.
They had a fine teacher. Feor’s method of solving the weakness of Wistram was to try to amass power. To reach a breaching point where his own knowledge, or influence, let him ascend to Wistram’s peak.
Drake-like.
Dragon-like? The half-Elf was so busy. Eldavin was teaching at least six different courses a day, even if they weren’t referred to as such. He’d stop by to educate the communication-branch overseeing the Mage’s Guild about encrypting [Message] spells, pay a visit to Wistram’s gardens, then teach his official class, have a chat with some [High Mages] who wanted refining in their spells, visit his few apprentices…
All to a purpose. Eldavin could spend a half-Elf’s lifetime refining every aspect of Wistram, but he was prioritizing what mattered.
So—communication. Wistram’s finances, for the trees’ sake! Damned things. Why did his people have that expression anyways? Trees. They sprang up, died, and if you kept them around too long you had Dryads acting like they ran the place and hadn’t spent the last thousand years sucking up groundwater.
“Finance is power, Mage Teura. If Wistram Academy offers a real, truly encrypted [Message] service, everyone wants it. That supposes Wistram is trusted. Which is a vessel we have been siphoning coins from…”
