8.61
Page 19
Finally got it down. Then she levitated the orb up with a wicked grin and saved that recording so she could re-watch the expressions of the other ‘Archmages’. She smiled—but only for a moment.
She knew Eldavin was right. But how did he?
 
——
 
The [Mages] of Wistram weren’t exactly taking to Eldavin’s speech. He should have been more diplomatic, but he was distracted. Chasing that thought.
“Attention.”
[Thunderclap]. The sound detonation deafened the people in the room as Eldavin clapped his hands together. He walked on, as if he were lecturing them, not being given a prestigious title.
“That was not a subject up for debate. Wistram Academy is not the vaunted institution it once was. We have changed. Once, we walked across the world and chose sides. We supported bravery, ethics in magic, and held this world together when cataclysm occurred. Once, magic died. Who relit the flames?”
He looked around and no one knew the answer. Some guessed, but no one spoke. Eldavin raised his voice.
“Wistram did! [Archmages] threw themselves into the void—the greatest [Mages] of their time. Centuries, millennia of knowledge. To rekindle magic itself. Do you know their names? Their sacrifice? I do.”
He looked around. Suddenly—his eyes were shining. Eldavin looked past them.
“The first to walk into that dark future was the Archmage of Sunlight. Ailet Sundrev, the last [Lady] of House Sundrev, of the dead Kingdom of Caonis of Terandria.”
He knew it was right. But how? Had he read that? Had he…
He saw it. He had seen it.
 
——
 
“How does he know that? Is that correct?”
Duke Rhisveri paused in taking tea, a tedious task, with his guests. The others looked up.
“I…do not know. That would predate our time. Azemith. Do you think those records exist in our libraries?”
“Maybe. That is an old, old time.”
Two of the Lucifen exchanged glances. Then all of those present turned to the oldest being here.
Fithea.
She blinked two glowing lights in her petrified wood body. The Dryad’s lips moved.
“First went sun. Yes.”
 
——
 
[Historians] around the world were trying to fact-check Eldavin. If they succeeded—they leveled.
Yet the Archmage was continuing.
“Once, Wistram’s greatest [Mages] died so that magic might live. Not once. Nor even a mere dozen times! You do not remember that. Yet remember this. When the world’s rot broke open. When the slumbering wound left across this globe burst and poured forth the greatest pestilence yet—the Creler Wars! Who joined the nations of the world in barring the gates?”
Now, his audience knew what their cue was. They echoed it, some rising with excitement, others…waiting.
“Wistram!”
Eldavin caught them there.
“Not alone. Every kingdom rose to fight. Let us not forget great sacrifice. The Charming Dancer, that girl, walked into hell to inspire cowards who slumbered and hid for the danger of it. Courage, to bring us to arms. But when we rose, Wistram stood at the fore.”
Who? The Archmage walked on.
“When each and every calamity struck, we were there. Who fought the Goblin Kings?”
“Wistram!”
“Who joined arms to drag A’ctelios Salash down to eternal slumber?”
A young man in the audience started. The [Mages] looked at each other, but the answer was written.
“Wistram?”
The angry old man strode across the stage.
