8.61
Page 10
“And what will we become, Grand Magus? What will we learn to be?”
For everyone could see he had a plan. The half-Elf exhaled slowly. He looked at Sa’la, and thought of his obligations.
He did not have to—but he had promised. That girl. It was always that girl. It always had been.
More trouble? You are always getting in trouble…and who did he think of? Not Ryoka, or Magnolia. Who…
To Rhir. To Hell’s gates. To the end of war or until kingdom crumbles. 
The half-Elf’s mismatched gaze turned, and the Selphid stopped as he fixed her with a look that she couldn’t describe. An intensity in it that she had never seen before. Far more than a [Mage] who had lived in the Academy all their days could manage.
Worthy of an [Archmage]. The half-Elf inhaled and spoke.
“A glorious people, Sa’la. Mages of Wistram. What you have always longed to be. The coming days will be a forging fire. Don’t miss tomorrow. I promise you it will be the stuff of Wistram of old.”
 
——
 
The fire was banked low when she stepped into the room.
Even so, it was still sweltering.
But everything was wrong. Despite the best efforts, there was a sooty quality to the air. No circle of runes on the ground.
Someone had to make do with a fire based off of charcoal. The kind of thing everyone used, but a terrible flame to some.
So…dirty.
“Ah.”
Now she said it like that, it all made sense. The obsessive, laborious, yet perfect routine. Containment and purity.
Even the tools were no longer as pristine as they had been. Someone kept trying, and they were so clean that another forge would have little fault with them. Only the faintest layer of debris, which only a truly intensive wash could remove, remained.
Filthy. Yet there were no more hands to help. No one to cast magic. No one else here, either.
The owner of this forge, Master Daiton, was upon the walls, weapon in hand. He had left this place to her, because he could.
Nawalishifra. The young woman stood there, her veil and clothing sooty. Burnt, as if she had scorched herself on the fire, set the dress alight. She stood there, resting her weight on the anvil.
That, at least, was a mirror. Obsessively polished, despite the metal and grit that would be hammered onto it. She…never looked up, her head hung. Something clinked as she shifted her feet towards a waiting pile of metal.
“What weapon?”
The visitor said nothing. Nawalishifra, Nawal, swayed. Her cracked lips rasped.
“…Armor? Arrowheads?”
No response. So, slowly, with too much effort, her head rose. Slightly glazed eyes focused.
Teresa Atwood looked like she had known better days. She wore metal scale over leather armor and plated leggings; mismatched but snug. It had saved her life already; there was blood worked into the cloth and dried on the scales.
She had a sword on one side, a single-sided blade. Enchanted; fine work. Nawal had seen it once. It hung in the sheathe, and her hand was on it.
Not for violence, but ready to draw, unconsciously. Teresa Atwood, like her brother, had dirty blonde hair when not dyed. She had been a young woman, eyes amber, gawking at the world around her, even when Nawal had first seen her.
Now? Now, she stood there, balanced unconsciously, breathing slowly, surveying the room, Nawal…a warrior. A soldier in the army of the King of Destruction.
“What order?”
Nawal croaked again. Teresa looked at her.
“None. They’re coming for the walls. The Crown of Thunder is running out of magic.”
Nawal didn’t know what she meant at first. Crown of…?
“The towers. The lightning stopped. I can hear it, even here.”
