8.61
Page 6
They didn’t deserve it. They were [Politicians] before they were [Mages]. Valeterisa was a true scholar of magic, but she was hampered by her environment. She would agree with him; none of them deserved the title. Let them call themselves by their actual classes until they rose to the honor of that class. If it hurt their egos…it was fair.
Yet Eldavin did pretend to smile and talked with Viltach with as much aplomb as he could muster. The other man was certainly…oily.
“I must congratulate you in advance on your advancement. It must be a record.”
“Hardly. There have been [Mages] who took this title within a week. Far more deserving than you or I.”
Viltach hesitated. He nodded, baring his teeth uncertainly.
“…Yes, well. I’m told you have some project you will announce concurrently tomorrow? With your title?”
“The Terras faction has been hard at work, yes. All this magic must go somewhere.”
He had been casting spells every day. His level of spellcasting, which, even without Skills, was potent indeed. When you had so much magic and talent, why wouldn’t you use all but a reserve?
Viltach and the others knew it, too. The Archmage of Terandria felt at his side.
“The…wand you presented me with is a very fine piece of work. Very fine. I’ve admired the craftsmanship time and time again.”
“Have you taken it apart?”
The Archmage hesitated.
“Yes…extraordinary. Self-assembling?”
“Self repairing.”
Viltach had to pull out the carved Joi-marble wand and look at it again. Eldavin had put some hard work into it, much less sourcing proper materials. It was a complex design—a bit too overengineered, but he had done it when Troy told him how much of a craftsman Viltach was.
Joi-marble was a treated magic marble that was actually a terrible conductor for magic. You used it for insulation, so Eldavin had turned the handle into a magicore resin, into which he’d run three ‘channels’.
Channels for a wand were to conduct magic around the core and alter the magical nature. So he’d done a thin line of literal magma, some purified water ensconced with Starshell Aquamarine, and a final line of void-element magicore.
Of course, keeping the magma hot, all three channels in multiple outputs along the wand—such that you could see fiery stone burning along the outside of the Joi-marble alongside water and a ghostly, dark substance that ate away at the light—all needed a barrier. All of it was powered by the source of the magic—in this case, a four-element reaction contained in a tiny dimension-sphere.
Live elements, feeding off each other. Rather like nuclear fission, actually—only with magical elements that the spells conjured into existence to enhance one another. Eldavin had been a bit cheeky; the wand was certainly powerful, and it wouldn’t fade in power…for about seven years.
Real cores that could last forever were hard for him to get, and he had to be a bit thrifty. Eldavin would also admit—it was sort of a bad wand.
Oh, it would certainly boost Viltach’s magic to an extent that Eldavin doubted any other wand would for a [Mage] of his level, short of a ‘Relic’ of this era. However…well, look at the channels.
Purified water? Magma? Void? Of the three, you’d get most use out of the water, and maybe boosting your geomancy-pyromancy spells, but who used void magic exclusively?
It wasn’t designed for Viltach’s own magic, but rather made to impress someone like him with Eldavin’s own abilities.
It had certainly got the Archmage agreeing to back the Terras faction. Viltach had also been very effusive over the gift, which made up for a lot of borrowed ingredients.
