8.61
Page 3
Rhisveri. He knew who had taken Ryoka Griffin. Silly girl, always getting herself into trouble. She had some kind of Skill for it…except she didn’t. She had no class. He remembered being surprised by it.
But then—
Eldavin had no class.
That was what he didn’t tell anyone. The fact that he had given up levels and Skills. There were benefits, of course, but for the life of him, Eldavin didn’t remember why he’d done it. It had always been this way, and he supposed he’d given up on a class after living most of his life without one. A bit embarrassing to try now, eh?
“So why was I surprised by Ryoka? I remember it. As if…”
This was Eldavin’s problem. He remembered things and they weren’t quite right. As if something was shifted about how he remembered it. He had gaps in his memory. He…
The half-Elf felt a twinge. He touched his chest.
“Ever since Cognita. How hard did she hit me? Truestone. Damned unpredictable.”
He sighed. There was so much he had to do. But he had realized—Eldavin himself was his own biggest riddle to solve.
It would be so much easier not to care. So much easier to simply go back to the High Passes, retreat to his laboratory, and rest.
He could not. Eldavin had beheld Wistram, and it was too sorry to remain this way. Yet—he had also promised Ryoka to try and heal her friend. Valeterisa had inspected Erin Solstice—well, the inn—and been unable to even get through the garden.
He wished he could trust someone with the weight of his responsibilities. He had too many. Not just to Wistram.
It was that wretched girl…Ryoka, this time. She kept getting herself kidnapped. It wasn’t her fault—entirely.
“Duty is a heavy thing. It will be the death of me.”
The half-Elf spoke, and he wasn’t sure why that sounded so right. Only that he had once said it before. He lingered on the balcony. Then he smiled and chuckled again. There was one thing. It seemed he was not the only one trying to put the world right.
“A child. Forsooth.”
Eldavin laughed to himself. There was hope. People, young people, and fairly old, trying to do the right thing.
This world was dark. The Waning World, where the last remnants of great lights before were just flickering. In this last age—where another world interceded with theirs? Eldavin felt it. He clutched at his chest, his beating heart.
Fire. We must have fire. Flame beyond imagining. 
He was no fire mage. He disdained the [Pyromancers] of today, what few there were in Wistram. So why did he think that?
A burning inferno, to never go out.
 
——
 
“You’ll be named Archmage tomorrow, Grand Magus. We have an announcement planned. Do you have a name?”
Eldavin lay in bed. He blinked absently at Teura.
“Hm? What, my dear?”
“A name? Each Archmage tends to choose theirs. As Archmage Feor is the Archmage of Half-Elves and there is the Archmage of Izril…”
“Oh, my title. That’s often something one is accoladed, Teura. Don’t tell me people seed their own names?”
She didn’t meet his eyes. Eldavin sighed.
“Very well, I can think of something. At least until the will of the people chooses one for me. For better or ill. They can be quite cruel, but it is fair. Do you know what they used to call the Archmage of the Eternal Grasslands?”
“No?”
“The Archmagus of Seeds. It annoyed her terribly.”
She smiled, and Eldavin admired her form under the sheets.
“Do you remember that from your mentor, Archmage Eldavin?”
“Hm? No…no. I’m not sure…”
Eldavin frowned. He looked at Teura and saw her face, as mystified as his.
“I suppose when one gets so old, fact and accounts of history blend together.”
