8.61
Page 25
Ser Zulv muttered. The [Summer Knight] stared warily at the sixteen. Young men and women. [Mages]—but not strong ones. They had…it was like a backpack was built into their armor. The visors were strange, more like masks. Bulkier armor than a [Knight] would want, to be able to move, even backflip or run.
You’d never be able to ride a horse with that kind of ungainly armor, not well. Greysten didn’t understand. Then…he saw the first figure step forwards, and raise an arm skywards. A fist, rising upwards.
A gesture? No…Greysten watched as the lone figure in their strange armor stared upwards. Such an odd posture.
 
——
 
There should have been a cape. Ryoka Griffin wasn’t breathing. The royal family eyed her. They were waxy with shock, but the Wind Runner hadn’t been breathing for about a minute.
King Itorin II did not understand what that armor did. The…look. The look was familiar.
 
——
 
“Aaron, you fuck!”
Cara shouted. She pointed at the armor. The young man in armor—the Human—looked upwards.
Then, they began to fly. The figure drifted upwards and almost jerked in shock. Their gauntleted hands flashed as they spread them out instinctively, to catch themselves. Then they flew forwards hesitantly.
The other fifteen drifted into the air. Some leapt, others flew up and then descended. The most experienced ‘pilots’ flew higher. Cara saw the [Knights] on the ground staring up as armored figures flew overhead.
Warriors of the future. Some clutched staves or held wands. A few just pointed the strange gauntlets ahead. They began to unleash spells from the armor as she watched. The Singer of Terandria was white-knuckled.
The future of two worlds collided.
 
——
 
Powered armor. Super-armor. Flying warriors. The first spells were wildly out of range, but Ailendamus’ army didn’t know what to do. Arrows flew backwards—and those that even hit the figures drifting through the air snapped on the enchanted breastplates.
The children were not good at using the armor. Some knew how it should be used. The rest were still mostly ineffectual.
But they had a chance to learn. [Mages] were notoriously fragile in combat. Experts like Magus Grimalkin ate Wistram-trained [Mages] for breakfast.
So—a simple, clever man would figure out a way to give them a chance to learn. Take a project from Aaron Vanwell and…
Complete it.
Archmage Eldavin saw the Order of Seasons jerk into action below. Moving forwards to support the flying magic-knights. They would have a new name for them, soon. Perhaps new classes.
He hung higher. Ailendamus’ army was stunned, but still willing to fight. An arrow flew towards him, propelled by a high-level [Archer]’s Skill.
Eldavin ignored it. It struck a barrier and vanished. Not broke, not ‘disintegrated’, but vanished. He flew over the enemy army, and they scattered around him.
“Flee or perish. This is your last warning. [Pillar of Flames].”
The ground underneath him turned into an inferno. The Summer Knights looked up into a bonfire a hundred feet wide, in a perfect circle, raging upwards.
Where does this magic come from? How do I remember gods? 
My heart hurts.
So many questions. He wanted to go back to the High Passes and rest. But—Eldavin stared ahead. At those flags, waving.
That girl was captive of Ailendamus. He had vowed to keep her safe.
He did not forsake his promises. So the Archmage raised his hands. A spell gathered between them.
[Grand Teleport] captured the world’s eyes. It worried, stunned the other powers of this place. They looked at him and recognized him.
The laughing Death of Magic.
A furious Duke of Ailendamus.
