8.61
Page 4
He chuckled, and she did likewise. But uncertainly. Eldavin began to rise, briskly. He did that when…to cover up his weaknesses. He could not show them any. Not now.
 
——
 
“Earth.”
There were only two great issues on Eldavin’s mind. Three, counting himself. But two. Four if you counted that young woman, but that was a side project.
Five, six, possibly seven if you included ongoing issues like Rhir, the King of Destruction, the Meeting of Tribes and that debacle around an entire species.
But two main projects he had to tackle. Take them one at a time. Solve one and you compounded your solutions onto the others.
“Yes, Grand Magus?”
The half-Elf snorted impatiently as he sat. Once again, Troy was in attendance, but this was no gathering of [Mages]. He sensed only burgeoning power amidst most of them, yet they were trying. Troy was ahead of all of them by far.
Except for the young man sitting far at the back. Eldavin bookmarked him, but he fixed the young woman in front of him with a steady gaze.
“Do not be coy, Miss Elena. It does not suit you. We are long past dancing around notions of Earth. You have weapons. You have a world without magic and technological marvels to equal magic…in some respects. Now, continue explaining your theory of space travel to me. Or, if you like, we can return to nuclear fission.”
She shifted uncomfortably. The Earthers looked at each other and Eldavin sighed.
“I do not intend to create city-killing weapons. We have enough of those already. Let me rephrase this for you children: I do not need to obtain what I already have. I would rather like to learn something new, even to my mind. Or—how to counter it.”
“Then you don’t trust Earth, Grand Magus?”
That question came from…George. Who raised his hand like this were a class. Eldavin sipped from a drink; they were in one of the rooms that could change to look like anything, and they had a quite lovely—if mundane—beach they were all sitting on.
It relaxed them. Somewhat. Elena was wary, and it was a shame. She was a bright young woman…but she’d been soured on Wistram before he met her. Eldavin eyed her.
It was so tempting to reach into their minds and pluck the answers out. The Archmages had been debating it. But…no.
Never.
Why did he think that? He agreed, wholeheartedly. But why…?
“What was that?”
“Why are you so sure Earth will be the one attacking?”
Eldavin snorted.
“Young man. Your world apparently employs city-destroying weapons on its own species. Which there is only one—humanity. Why would we trust you to be peaceful?”
“No one’s used a nuclear weapon since…”
“…The first times they were employed?”
“Well, why would we trust this world to be peaceful then?”
That jutting chin and question came from another young man. Eldavin forgot the name. He sighed.
“What a question. I would think neither side would trust the other. Rightly so. But as I suspect Wistram would be a priority target for your vaunted nations if any had imperialistic tendencies…I would rather have some safeguards in place. Don’t tell me, by all means. Let us talk about celestial bodies and physics. Simply know that I cannot help you if there is no trust.”
“And how would you help us?”
Elena watched his face. Eldavin smiled.
“We are already trying to find out how you were sent here. I would not keep you from your homes.”
A ripple of excitement through the young people and wariness on others. Some wanted to go home, had seen too much. Eldavin’s heart hurt for the girl who had lost her family to rats. He…meant it when he spoke to them.
