8.61
Page 12
The [Blacksmith] wiped at her mouth. She stared blankly at the soot on her arm and tried to scrub it off. Clan Tannousin had a system. Each member worked to prepare the forge, keep everything as clean as possible.
They had fled when the revelation that the Naq-Alrama metal was flawed had come.
No.
She let them go, and stayed to take the blame. 
Teresa Atwood drew her sword. Nawal looked up. She nodded.
“Did he send you?”
The young woman stared at her. She didn’t flinch from the suggestion. Nor was she surprised. She just sighed heavily.
“Don’t be stupid. I came to set you free. You’ve worked enough. They keep telling Reim’s citizens to flee the walls. I don’t recommend it; I don’t trust them. But if you hide, you can surrender. They’re supposed to take prisoners.”
She stepped towards the chains wrapped around the anvil and stopped. Teresa bent down as Nawal shook her head.
“This is where I will die. Clan Tannousin’s shame cannot be repaid, even in blood. But it must be settled.”
She turned to Teres.
“If he asks, tell him I am here. If he asks.”
Teresa Atwood looked up at Nawal. She weighed what she would say next, but then her face firmed.
“…He doesn’t even remember, Nawal. He doesn’t care, not right now. Run.”
The [Smith] flinched.
“We are the reason he had no weapon to wield. All of this is our fault.”
“Not yours. Your father didn’t make the metal perfectly. Everyone told you to keep silent.”
“I am the Master Smith of Clan Tannousin. I should have said so the instant I knew.”
“The King of Destruction wasn’t here. You were waiting to tell him—you couldn’t have known the Djinni were coming.”
Nawal tried to spit, but there was no water left in her mouth.
“I make no excuses. I only ask that he blame…”
“You?”
Teres stood. She kicked the chains and Nawal staggered as the reverberation ran through them. Teres pointed towards the open door.
“They left you! They ran while you stayed. This isn’t your fault, Nawal! You don’t have to do this. Do you think Flos wants you dead? Trey? You—these chains aren’t even locked!”
She pointed down. Nawal glanced down.
“…I couldn’t find one. It doesn’t matter. I am the smith who must forge Naq-Alrama metal. The responsibility was always mine to know it was faulted.”
“Your father made it.”
“He is dead. He was old. It was probably my fault as I made it.”
The young woman, the [Bladeswoman], reached out to shake Nawal—and stopped. She stood there. What good would it do?
“Is that what they told you to say, or is that really what you believe?”
This, of all the things, made Nawal hesitate. The [Smith] avoided Teresa’s look. She looked around the forge.
“…Clan Tannousin is gone. It may never rise again. Only the elders remember the Naq-Alrama steel. Besides, our reputation is tainted. There is no [Smith] with the levels or talent to forge it either.”
“Besides you.”
Nawal smiled as her lips cracked and bled. She licked at them.
“They told me I was born under an unlucky star. I should have been a boy. They told me I was unlucky, because I was talented enough to help my father when no one else could. I stole someone else’s class and levels.”
Teresa pursed her lips and spat.
“You don’t believe that. I know you don’t.”
She waited for a spark, the familiar cutting tongue, anything of Nawal when she had met Trey. But the hunched figure standing over the forge just shook her head.
“My clan’s great knowledge dies with me. How could I not?”
A horn blew in the distance. Teres started and half-raised her sword. Someone was banging on a war gong.
