8.61
Page 9
Eldavin went sprawling. At first, everyone thought he’d tripped and gathered around to help him up—until they saw him clutching his chest, eyes squeezed shut with pain. Feor turned around as Eldavin slowly pulled himself up.
Wait.
 
——
 
“How long has it been?”
Eldavin didn’t respond. He grumpily lifted one arm, the muscles so fine against the skin without blemish that it didn’t seem real.
Of course, it was. A [Mage] with the right spells could make their body anything they wanted it to look like. Whatstheirface—the Ullsinoi’s leader—was proof of that.
Eldavin had just gone a step further to keep his body in pristine condition. It certainly impressed the woman inspecting it. She was trying very hard not to salivate.
Selphids. But she prodded him again as he sat, bare to the waist.
“How long, Grand Magus? I have to know. I won’t share the secret. I am in your faction and, besides, this is a [Healer]’s matter. Although I’m not a full one, so if you want me to get ours…”
“A [Mage] is more appropriate, Herbalist Sa’la. I believe there is a magical component, but self-diagnosis is hard. I don’t know how long, exactly. Three months?”
“Hmm. And your heart…hurts? Does it spasm? Does anything set it off?”
“…Not that I can think of.”
She gave him a long look. Eldavin sighed.
“Nostalgia. But that is an older man’s failings.”
“Ah. Well…that doesn’t sound right. Sympathetic pain. But it’s not like someone with a hole in their heart.”
“Perish the thought. I can perform that level of magic, you know. The heart is in perfect condition.”
The Selphid [Mage] frowned.
“Well, why do you need me, then? Alright, alright. Don’t glare. I can at least make you some of the remedies you want. It might simply be stress…although you can usually detect that.”
“I know. It is not. I would even consider you taking a look, but there is nothing…physically…wrong with me. Perhaps some vitality boosters.”
“Maybe it’s too much copious sex?”
The [Herbalist] grinned. Eldavin’s face was stony.
“If that was a serious advisement, I will take it under consideration.”
“It might be. That’s certainly an energetic endeavor. Why don’t you simply…rest? Don’t do the hundred things people say you do every day? No magic, no running about. For a week.”
“Hah!”
Sa’la rolled her eyes.
“You’d be so much easier if you were Telim. Very well—less of everything?”
Eldavin thought it over and gave her a grudging nod.
“Acceptable. It truly didn’t hurt that much aside from—nostalgia.”
“Which isn’t really a medical issue that I know of. I think…we’ll keep an eye on it. Come to me tomorrow, after your big ceremony everyone’s talking about. We’ll check in every day, agreed?”
“Very well. And secretly. Not that I can hide my first visit, but I can at least teach you some magic while we’re here.”
The Selphid woman smiled, but she watched Eldavin as he put his robes back on.
“Not everything is necessarily a give-and-take here, Magus Eldavin. Although, I will happily accept.”
He raised his brows.
“I know that. There are altruistic people in Wistram, your friend, Telim, being one of them, surprisingly.”
“He has a better heart.”
“And a bag of holding full of food. I saw him steal a table of ice cream yesterday.”
Sa’la laughed and shrugged. Eldavin nodded.
“I know Wistram is not entirely mercantile. But you all need to learn. So, I will take your remedies.”
She nodded, and began grinding up fresh ingredients for the first one. Sa’la glanced at Eldavin as he felt at his chest. That had been the most intense pain yet. He couldn’t hide his disturbed look—until he turned to her.
“What was that?”
