8.61
Page 18
“…rare for such an august [Mage] to reach the heights of magic! Grand Magus Eldavin, via unanimous vote, has achieved that rank, and the Archmages present…”
Eldavin waited patiently for the demagoguery to end. Everyone knew he’d accrued enough political power to make himself an Archmage. He kept tugging at one sleeve.
“Like an ancient god. Or goddess. Or deity. For they came in many forms and sizes. So old, it was before my time. Before my parents’ time. And so long gone that my grand…grand…parents? Only knew stories from the mouths of those who had…”
He put a hand to his head. That wasn’t…right. That was three generations. Half-Elves didn’t live past a thousand most times. Death via unnatural causes. So short.
So short?
His lips moved, even as Nailihuaile’s voice dropped to the background and the other [Mages] speaking to complete the ceremony went on. This was all being televised on the scrying orbs, of course, but he knew it wouldn’t be well-watched except in the background. Not…not yet.
“We do not speak of them. Speak only of what they were. You will be told this once. Names, and their status unto the divine. Never again. Only that you remember. Tell no one. Tell no lesser races, but remember. Remember the way the world used to be. And why it—”
“—The Archmage of Memory, Eldavin!”
His head jerked up. The half-Elf’s gaze rose, and, for a second, everyone saw a look of complete surprise on his face.
There he stood. Newly minted, the Archmage of Memory, a title he had chosen himself. So…arrogant and telling it had half the old [Mages]’ teeth grinding. The other half shamefaced.
A half-Elf taller than any other, in the prime of his existence, hair naturally white, eyes mismatched heliotrope and cerulean.
 
——
 
“Hm?”
Rafaema stopped in chewing on cereal as Cire and Lyonette debated. She blinked at the image on the scrying orb in the background. She leaned closer, peering at…
 
——
 
Grand Magus Eldavin. No, Archmage Eldavin. He stood straighter, and his expression firmed. He began speaking smoothly, his voice echoing across the room as the magical camera panned around.
“Mages of Wistram. I thank you for awarding me this honor. The title of Archmage—even honorary—is a mark of esteem amongst [Mages]. I would not waste the world’s time with it, however. It is only a word. If I had the class, this would be a moment worthy of attention for that alone. Yet who now has this class? No one here. Wistram of old is dead. Many whisper it. I say it now, before you all, as Archmage of Wistram.”
The Mages of Wistram sussurated. Eldavin went on, striding left across the dais under a beam of magical sunlight. Viewers of the show began to tune in as they recognized Eldavin—who was, if nothing else, far from boring.
 
——
 
“Oho.”
The [Archmage]—or someone who had once held the class—turned his attention away from the separate scrying orb. He smiled, despite himself. He hadn’t had much of an impression besides a certain pomposity and arrogance in the chat, but he liked this.
Az’kerash turned up the volume. Toren crabbed over subtly with Healing Slime balanced on his head. The skeleton was grinning, despite having no context for any of this.
He liked this old guy.
 
——
 
Someone else was nearly assassinated by a Balerosian banana. The greatest threat to the mortal world, the magical nightmare only checked by the defenders of the world, one of Hell’s regents, the Death of Magic—
