8.61
Page 20
“We have checked tyrants and driven monsters to their graves. We are not perfect—so I believe we should stop pretending to be. Wistram has always been petty. It has always been divided. But what we forget is that what Wistram does matters. We are not aloof watchers from the sidelines. We must have the conviction to fight for our beliefs. So, as my first act as Archmage, I put a vote to you.”
Here it came. Archmage Viltach and Nailihuaile exchanged glances, and their factions turned to them. Eldavin raised his hand. Everyone waited as he conjured an illusory spell into the air. What would it be? He revealed it with a word.
“Ailendamus.”
An image of Terandria floated into being. A vast, red stain across kingdoms being swallowed up. Eldavin saw the Terandrians in his crowd sit bolt upright—with sudden unease.
“Ailendamus. Kingdom of Glass and Glory. Or should I say…Empire?”
 
——
 
“Oh fuck.”
Ryoka turned sideways to stare at King Itorin II and the royal family. She slowly put down the bucket of popcorn and edged sideways. She had a feeling…this was going to be bad.
What was Teriarch doing?
 
——
 
“Ailendamus has swallowed nation after nation in a mere two hundred years. Now—it is the Dawn Concordat’s turn. Tomorrow, Pheislant. In ten years, Ailendamus might rule the lower third of Terandria. When that day comes—it will not be a matter of stopping them. The King of Destruction once took Chandrar. Ailendamus is in the process of taking the rest.”
“This is a political matter, Grand Magus Eldavin! Wistram does not take sides!”
An old man rose, wearing armor instead of robes. Eldavin snapped back.
“That is Archmage Eldavin to you, Verdan Blackwood. Wistram always takes sides, and the Iron Vanguard can attest to that! There are children from every nation here—some from nations that have suffered Ailendamus’ wrath! Although, I note…”
His gaze swept his audience.
“Few from Ailendamus. They have their own academies. They do not want representation in Wistram. They intend to replace Wistram. So shall we be so generous as to remain apolitical? It is a simple question. Will Wistram censure Ailendamus?”
The motion caught the others off-guard.
“A motion to censure? Do I hear you correctly, Archmagus?”
Eldavin snorted as Feor half-rose, uncertain.
“Of course. I do not propose Wistram declares war. We are no formal nation. But I would like a vote.”
His eyes glinted.
“—To declare Ailendamus an empire with imperialistic tendencies towards expansion. That their war on the Dawn Concordat is in fact a war of unwarranted aggression. To call other nations to check their danger. And to declare Ailendamus a threat to world peace, as once we did to the King of Destruction.”
The Council was not in uproar. That suggested they were shouting and throwing things. The Council was in stasis, whispering, looking at each other. And that was a good thing.
For Eldavin. It wasn’t…Nailihuaile whistled quietly and shrugged. Viltach frowned at Eldavin, trying to work the angles as the Libertarians argued—
Mostly in favor of him. In fact, Feor was watching his own party of Centrists agreeing. Eldavin had led them on an argument that pointed out Ailendamus’ danger; they had almost no total allies in Wistram, certainly none born of Wistram, but they were powerful. If Eldavin had demanded a motion to war or something far more drastic, he’d have…probably…failed.
Even Nailihuaile and Viltach couldn’t promise a rebellion in their ranks, and they too could flip. But this?
Censure? The [Mages] deliberated. We could do that.
