8.61
Page 23
They only got one look at it. A glowing spell circle had traced itself on the floor of the room. Old stone cracked, revealing…
A smooth floor, like glass or crystal. Semi-transparent, underneath of which lay a nimbus of glowing lights. Power.
Raw mana. The Archmage of Memory kicked a piece of the stones away dismissively. They forgot what rooms did.
It was, of all of them, Archmage Viltach who figured out what the spell circle was for. He looked down and freaked out, raising his voice.
“It’s a spell circle. This—this is a massive spell. This entire room is a ritual room! Get out of the radius! Get out of—”
The Libertarians went running, followed by the rest of the Council. They stampeded away from the edges of the glowing circle. On it stood members of the Terras faction. And the sixteen.
Ordinary people. Some Earthers with only a shred of magical knowledge, if any at all. But—Troy saw Flynn wave at him. Point down. Eldavin returned Verdan’s horrified gaze with a calm one. He took a breath.
My heart hurts. But he had learned something. This—this was going to be hard, even though this room was meant for such things. Yet…
I have no Skills. Somehow, though, I have a surplus of power. 
He drew from it now. Something—the room began shaking. The [Mages] on the ground looked up at him, but Eldavin didn’t need long. It was a mark of him that he kept repeating that word.
“Sailing. You fool. The age of magic comes and goes, and always, always we say, ‘this time it shall last forever’. But the truth is that it will always come back. Again! Again and again! Always differently!”
He pointed a finger as the air charged, lifting every hair, filling the atmosphere with potential and pressure. A wondrous force, pressing down on you—not on your skin, but the very leyline of your magic. Troy saw Eldavin’s lips move.
“I do not need a boat to get to Terandria. I am Archmage Eldavin of Wistram. Archmage of Memory. And what I remember are two words: [Grand Teleportation].”
The circle flashed. Eldavin threw up his hands and the [Mages] shouted—
Then the world in the circle blinked, and that flash of what had been there lingered in the air, like a photograph’s flash—only it was them. Fading, a memory of what was.
Travelling around the world in an instant.
 
——
 
Ser Greysten, the Summer’s Champion of the Order of Seasons, put up his axe, weary.
“Form ranks! Hold them!”
The Season of Summer formed a battle line. They were coming. A full legion of the Order of the Hydra, pushing towards Pheislant.
They were coming along the coast, and Pheislant was forming a full army with more [Knights]—but the [Knights] of Ailendamus were relentless.
Greysten refused to let them regroup and pursue Rabbiteater and the others. So they fought. The [Knights of Summer] did not laugh or expect an easy victory.
So many [Knights]. They spread out, cheering for their kingdom. Ailendamus. No Dame of the Hills, but so many…
Counter-levelling against the Summer Knights. Greysten tasted a bit of bile in his mouth. He set himself grimly for another battle.
He had not been checking the news. So when one of the Autumn Knights galloped towards him, he didn’t know what was happening.
“Ser Greysten! Something is coming! I sense a huge magical signature on our position!”
“Break! Break! Magical artillery incoming! Shield spells!”
The Summer’s Champion reacted with perfect reflexes, and the Order of Seasons broke instantly. Greysten looked towards the north. Had Ailendamus sent reinforcements? Already?
