8.61
Page 24
But then he saw the Order of the Hydra doing the same things. Their lines of neat halberds broke up, and both sides stared at the other breaking up and…slowed…
Then the world split in half. Greysten whirled and saw the sky open and, for a second, he locked eyes with Archmage Feor across a gap in the sky. He recognized that magic.
“Teleportation.”
But instead of a group travelling across the void as the Order of Seasons could do—an entire section of Wistram came hurtling towards them. Terrifyingly fast. Greysten’s horse screamed and reared, unable to process what it was seeing. There—a half-Elf was pointing—
Then the two dimensions collided, and the backblast knocked a [Knight] flying. Greysten saw Dame Voost try to twist in the air and hit the ground with a sickening crunch on her left side. More [Knights] were knocked flat.
The shockwave rippled through the air for a moment, visible as the dust and debris were thrown outwards. And then…
Silence.
The Order of the Seasons and the Order of the Hydra, soldiers of Pheislant and Ailendamus, looked at the figures standing there.
Less than a hundred. Less than a hundred, teleported from the Academy of Mages in the ocean all the way to…
“…What is going on?”
Greysten had drawn his axe and raised his shield warily. He didn’t know what to call these [Mages]. Most were gasping and looking around; several were throwing up, including a pudgy [Mage]. Were they here to reinforce one side or the other?
Or unrelated?
Then he saw the one person who seemed in control of it all turn. A superlatively well-muscled half-Elf looked around. His eyes rested on the Summer’s Champion.
“Ah, ideal. Excuse me, Summer’s Champion. I am Grand Magus—that is, Archmage Eldavin of Wistram. Head of the Terras faction. We are here to participate in the war against Ailendamus. Would you allow us the courtesy of the first attack?”
Ser Greysten stared at Eldavin. The Summer’s Champion had no idea who this was—no, a vague recollection.
A spell out of nowhere. A dubious offer. A strange half-Elf?
Greysten was still Greysten. The Summer’s Champion began to smile. He raised his axe and saluted the Archmage.
“I take you at your word, Archmage! I cede the honor to you!”
Eldavin half-smiled. He nodded, and rose upwards. Now, his voice magnified, just in time for the scrying spells to catch up. He raised his hands to the heavens.
“I am the Archmage of Memory!”
He shouted it at Ailendamus. The [Soldiers] and [Knights] were reforming, but their weapons trained on the strange half-Elf…moved upwards. The [Knights] checked their weapons, and then lowered them.
For Eldavin had begun to rise into the air. He floated higher, and the skies darkened around him.
This…yes. Eldavin inhaled.
This was familiar.
“I am Eldavin of Wistram. I declare war on Ailendamus! Free the Wind Runner of Reizmelt. Those before me—flee or perish. Or I shall bring such battle as you have never dreamed.”
His eyes flashed.
“Forwards. A new era dawns. Forwards, [Mages] and children. Show them the war of the future.”
He pointed, and the sixteen volunteers looked up at him. Uncertainty. Greysten glanced down and blinked.
“What is…? [Knights]?”
That was what he thought at first. They looked like it. He saw a young man slowly sliding a visor over his face. Such…colorful armor. It could have fit with the Knights of the Summer, if their armor were more pristine. It was different, though.
“The magic. The magic. What are they wearing?”
