8.62 K
Page 26
“Gazi has a plan. I have had my own, and it dovetails nicely. I think there is a chance. I know you—but again. We will speak first of A’ctelios Salash. Tell me whether there is anything to save. Tell me of the injustice done to the children.”
“They’re still there.”
All the blood drained from Trey’s face. He sat there, shuddering, and Flos nodded. Gently, he gripped his cup and it cracked.
“Think long and hard, Trey. Even so, think hard as you might about the goodness you saw there. About anyone who did you a kindness. About any spark of humility or morality in them. Then…we will make a promise. A mighty oath, the like of which I have made to each of my Seven. If it will save them, redeem those children, or avenge them…I will slay A’ctelios Salash.”
Trey looked up at Flos.
“You’ll slay the city? Just like that?”
The King of Destruction looked at Trey, and the young man shivered at the calm green gaze.
“We are at war with Belchan now, Trey. With dozens of nations, on the field or in writing. I keep my promises. It will not be tomorrow. It will not be this year. But while I live, I will march with that promise in my heart. I am good at few things. But destruction? They named me King of Destruction. I can deliver you that. So think very carefully, Trey. Is there anything left in Tombhome worth saving? Because if you tell me there is not—when that day comes, nothing will remain.”
The young man sat there, staring at Flos. The mad words tumbling lightly from the King of Destruction’s lips. Or seemingly lightly, because he meant every one.
Is there anything worth saving? Flos gently set the cup aside; it was leaking. He got up to fetch another one.
“I can do nothing for your throat, Trey. There are healers, and you shall see one. Fetohep asks for you, and he is the better ruler than I. Nor will I force you to Wistram. You can leave. I do not know what Teres will do, but I cannot stop you. However. I need Amerys.”
He poured himself another cup, and Trey one, and handed the young man the cup. Flos sat down.
“I see the shape of this war. It will not be soon, but it will be inevitable without her. She is the [Mage] of my Seven for war. Without her or Tottenval…we need her. That is all. It is cruel, to send you on such a task so soon. Not right away. Fetohep first. But think on it. First, though…tell me.”
He looked up at Trey as the young man sat. He found himself drinking water, the words tumbling from his lips. Not because Flos Reimarch could comfort him or help him confront his death. Nor because the King of Destruction would offer him solace or respite. Yet Amerys was right. Trey believed one thing about Flos, flawed though he was.
He did keep his promises.
 
——
 
So here they were. Trey looked at the simple map they had designed.
A magical key to the Hidden Hallway. Two vastly powerful Golems. Ward spells that would alert anyone of intruders.
A second magical door. Two [Guards] and Amerys’ shackles, with the key…on the person of the [Guards]? No, they had no idea where the key to her actual bindings was.
This was a task far beyond him and Calac. To be honest, even with their ace in the hole…under the water…Trey feared they were in deep.
I will give you what I can. But this task will require subterfuge, secrecy, not great artifacts. I will send more than you and Gazi alone.
Trey had wondered what that meant. He looked up.
Calac. Great.
The young man saw the look.
“I know I’m not much of an asset, Trey. But I will do all that I can for Reim.”
Embarrassed, Trey shook his head.
“It’s not that. Just—I’m sorry. Meeting Amerys rattled me.”
