8.62 K
Page 36
“It’s definitely the balcony. We land, we go in—we just need to bypass the wards. What are they? Do they [Detect Life]? Movement? Who do they report to, the [Guards]? If so, we’ve knocked them out.”
“I don’t know. I also don’t know if those two Golems ever patrol.”
Trey leaned against the ballroom they’d found that looked straight down into a suspiciously plain little outcrop a floor down. Far, far below, they could see the surf meeting the cliffs, and Trey’s stomach sank a little.
“It’s…sixty feet. We scale down with a rope. An enchanted rope. I barely got Minizi down far enough to photograph the inside the first time. But Trey—I bet you we can put her down in the greenhouse.”
“Interesting. But not without a counter to the wards! I can try to figure them out next visit. That’s tomorrow.”
Trey’s heart was beating fast. Calac was shifting from foot to foot.
“Can you do it faster? The war isn’t going well. His Majesty is injured, and the armies are approaching Reim.”
“We’ve nearly got this, Calac. Just give me a day. As for ward spells…wait. I have an idea. Let me do a bit of prep work. How are we doing on the distraction?”
Calac’s eyes glinted. He patted his side.
“I was just about to do my part on that.”
 
——
 
Calac Crusland casually strolled past one of the many doors in Wistram’s hallways meant for residents to live in. There were entire wings devoted just to that, but this wasn’t a space normally held by students or even [Mages].
This was the guest suite. The young man kept moving at a slow saunter, waiting as a trio of veiled young women slowly glided down the hall. They were one of the most notable guests of Wistram.
Drowned Folk. Half-Starfish Drowned Women.
Identical to their mother. Calac Crusland slowed down, glanced over his shoulder casually, and pulled something out of his pocket. He slid it under the door as he bent down to tie his shoes.
A little note. The young man stood up, checked himself, and went on his way. He was long gone by the time the door opened, a minute and a half later, and a face poked out, casting left and right down the hallway.
 
——
 
“Miss Mena. Are you busy?”
The [Bard] turned as she inspected the morning buffet table for the best picks she was placing into a pair of wooden boxes. Other [Mages] jostled her, reaching for food, but she calmly shoved back.
“Hey. Quit it.”
“You’re the one pulling a Telim!”
“It’s not for me, it’s a delivery. Shove me again and I’ll web your feet. Oh. Hello. Isn’t it Troy? Grand Magus Eldavin teaches you too!”
She gave him a huge, beaming smile, and Trey ducked his head.
“That’s right. Are you busy?”
“I’m just—that’s it, [Sticky Webs]!”
Mena swore, turned, and pointed at someone’s feet. There was a snigger.
“[Dispel Magic]. You don’t—hey, why isn’t it dispelling. Wait, wait—”
Trey watched the confidence turn to panic as the [Mage] overbalanced, sending utensils, food, and everything else flying up…down onto them.
The [Bard] gave him a superior look as she pocketed her wand. Trey stared at her.
[Dispel Magic] didn’t work?
That was Grand Magus Eldavin’s teaching. The other students looked at Mena as she packed her food and levitated the two boxes after her. She nodded at Trey.
“I’m just doing a delivery. I can talk. Is there something the Grand Magus needs? I can go find him right after this.”
She turned to him eagerly, and Trey saw the same look a lot of [Mages] had. It made him…uneasy. It was the kind of pure adoration or loyalty that made him think of…
The King of Destruction. Someone swept up in the cause.
