8.62 K
Page 40
“I’m ashamed of stealing it from her. Even if she notices, though, she’ll just think I stole it, if she connects it to me at all.”
He was a [Spy]! Trey didn’t know what to say, but he knew that Calac was guiltier then he let on. Solemnly, he patted Calac on the shoulder.
“I’m sure it’s not hard to get a replacement. Let’s just see about Minizi.”
Calac nodded. He peered down; she was ten feet away from the balcony. He turned to Trey.
“Do we signal her tonight if we don’t see anything?”
Trey’s mouth went dry at the thought.
“I…no. We have to set up the distraction. But…in three days? In three days?”
Calac looked at Trey, and the other young man returned his gaze of half-disbelief. Just like that? In three days?
Minizi jerked the rope once, impatiently. She was almost down and wiggling to get into hiding. Calac hurriedly spooled the rope down. Trey gazed out into the ocean.
“I’ll signal her myself. She—she told me all I had to do was find her, and she’d come when I did. But in this case, I th—”
Calac was turning back to Trey. He lifted his hand, fed Minzi another foot of rope, and the air shook.
Whoom. Trey heard the sound and felt part of the rumble. Then—a moment later, felt a flash of heat. A spray of smoke and dust and sand geysered up, and he recoiled. Calac stumbled backwards, line suddenly slack. Smoke billowed up as the two young men stared out the window.
“What was—”
Trey leapt up.
“Minizi!”
He stared down in horror and saw the balcony below was filled with smoke, dust—and a huge crater. Calac pulled at the rope and found a burning stump was all that was left. They looked at each other.
Then the klaxon alarm began to ring. From below—the balcony—echoing upwards. Trey and Calac heard a loud, and calm, and familiar voice of a [Mage] speaking.
“Hello. This is Galei of Ullsinoi. Someone’s trying to break out the Archmage. They might be dead. Sound the alarm. Hello, if you’re hearing this, they just ran into our traps. This is Galei of Ullsinoi. Someone’s—”
The two young men stared down in paralysis for a good ten seconds. Then they heard shouts of alarm from below. Someone threw open a window up and to the left.
“What was that sound?”
The two young men looked at each other and then Trey slammed the windows shut. They ran for it.
In his rooms, Minizi, the main body, sat up with a sudden jerk. The little sand-Golem looked around, and then folded her arms. She didn’t really understand all of it. She didn’t know the politics, the drama, the stakes…but she was certain of one thing from her trials in the depths of Wistram, clearing out trapped rooms. She could have told Trey and Calac that.
They’d underestimated those twisted [Mages].
They’d got got.
 
——
 
It was amazing how little the explosive trap and alarm was remarked on in the rest of Wistram. It was barely a footnote and even then—no one knew the reason why, only that an explosion had happened.
Which was normal life in the Academy of Mages, apparently.
Within Amerys’ prison though, things were a different matter.
Telim walked with Trey again, and the young man’s heart was fluttering out of his chest. He did not want to be here. He shouldn’t have been here, but like a fool he’d kept up his regular visits to Amerys.
He clutched a basket of snacks like an alibi to his chest. Nor did he have the luxury of chatting with Telim to create anything like a relaxed atmosphere or a cover story.
[Mages] were all over this area. Two were casually lounging outside the Creler-mural zone. And the ones inside?
