8.62 K
Page 20
She tasted blood. What a familiar feeling. The [Mages] shot to their feet. So did Telim.
“Troy!” 
“Let him go, Amerys!”
The Naga warned her. The woman laughed. She was biting hard as the young man shouted, trying to pull her jaws off his hand. She had the ends of his digits in her mouth, locked by the teeth. He would never pry her mouth off with his other hand. She was staring up at him, through a bloody grin.
The other guards were threatening her. One had a wand aimed at Amerys. The Archmage laughed silently. They had put her in a box that sucked away magic, made her a prisoner. What are you going to do to me?
Torture me? Kill me? They were [Mages] of Wistram. None of them had the stomach for it. Not Feor, Viltach…maybe Nailihuaile, if she saw the clear gain.
She bit harder and heard a gasp of pain. She could feel the bones in his fingers vibrating. The woman looked up at him.
She wanted to see his face. What will you do? You’re going to lose your fingers. Will you scream, beg? She gazed up into his eyes gleefully. She saw his expression of pain, his eyes locked on her.
“Archmage Amerys! I’m not your enemy. Please—”
A bit harder. She saw his face go pale. Telim was striding into the cell, wand raised, but he was going to be too slow. She rather liked Telim. But…Amerys grinned and continued to bite.
Then—she saw the young man’s expression change. The look of surprise, pain, fear—flickered. His wild brown eyes focused on hers and he inhaled. Then he lifted his other hand and put his first two fingers together.
“If you bite my fingers off, I will cast [Spear of Light].”
The woman halted. She did not snap bone. She hesitated, her mouth filled with flesh and blood. Telim halted.
“Troy?”
His hand was shaking, but he pointed the first two fingers of his right hand at Amerys’ temple. He met her eyes.
“I don’t know if I can cast it here. But if you take my fingers, I will try. Let me go. I haven’t done anything to you.”
The prisoner looked up at the young man. She stared at him.
Curious. That was…different. He was in pain. She could feel his hand shaking through her teeth. He was breathing hard, scared…
But the fingers pressed against her temple were the only calm things. She stared straight into his eyes.
Ah. Now those looked…different. He wasn’t in disbelief or simply panicking. If anything, he was more terrified because he knew he was a second away from losing his fingers. Even so, he pressed the tips of his fingers into her forehead a bit harder, so she felt the nails dig into her skin.
“Archmage Amerys. Don’t. I want to talk to you. I am not joking. I have been here before.”
What a simple, casual line. She blinked up at him. In genuine shock. The woman met his eyes. She hesitated—
And then Amerys’ teeth loosened on his fingers. She spat out his hand, and her head jerked backwards. Telim grabbed him, reaching for a healing potion. He dragged Troy back as the other two guards aimed their weapons at her.
But Amerys ignored them. She just looked at Troy Atlas as he poured a potion over his hands and watched his skin regrow. As he glanced up and met her eyes.
What a strange boy. He said strange things. Familiar things.
I have been here before.
She wondered if it was just coincidence. Or if someone had told him to say that.
Perhaps that falsely confident faker. The woman who wore masks far deeper and more complex than any other. Layers of armor over a fragile soul. Yet also, the [Vanguard]. The warrior who broke armies across her armor. Could it be?
