8.62 K
Page 24
With her mended eye. That was the talk on everyone’s lips. Or for the presence of the Quarass of Ger, who inspired her people arguably more than even he. The cunning ruler of the ancient Shield Kingdom with endless knowledge and tricks.
A surfeit of kindness, though. He saw it all over Trey. Flos looked at the boy’s throat, but his eyes did not widen markedly.
Gazi had told him everything. Trey saw his look and laughed.
“That’s right. She cut my throat. She let me bleed to death in front of Gazi. She—she’s insane. I’m done. A’ctelios—that place is—”
His voice was raised, and he was sweating, red-faced, eyes shining. Hysterical. The King of Destruction stood there. Trey ranted at him.
“Your entire continent is filled with villains and horrors! And you! You’re turning Teres into a murderer. I thought the Quarass was—is she even the Quarass? Or did we sacrifice someone to turn her into that? Why do I have to live through all of this?”
“Trey. I’m sorry to hear of—”
“Shut up!”
Trey shouted at Flos. The King of Destruction saw the young man point a quivering finger at him.
“Just—stop. I’m tired of being your pawn! I know this is your fault. You asked the Quarass to make me stronger. Well done. Someone else can put up with you and tell you it’s alright. I won’t. Not anymore. I’m tired of…”
He searched around aimlessly. His legs buckled.
“I’m tired.”
He sat down, into one of the chairs in the tent. Trey stared at Flos Reimarch. The King of Destruction looked at him.
Slowly, the [King] raised a cup of water and sipped from it. Trey twitched. If he had his staff, he might have tried to cast a spell.
The [King] didn’t shift his gaze from Trey, but he did find a chair and sit as well. He was so uncharacteristically quiet. Flos murmured.
“The Quarass—”
“She cut my throat!”
Trey screamed at him. Flos Reimarch fell silent again. He kept drinking his cup and went to fill it with the pitcher. He offered Trey a cup, saw the young man’s stare, and sat back down with his. He was three sips in, and Trey was about to explode, when he spoke.
“Gazi tells me A’ctelios Salash stirred. She also informs me you have seen a terrible thing within. Which has to do with children from your world. Tell me what you saw.”
The young man looked at Flos. He had a hand on his throat; the scar was a straight line, long healed, but he kept touching it.
“A’ctelios Salash. That’s it? Nothing about me. Nor the Quarass?”
Flos coughed as he took another sip and inhaled some water by accident. He pounded his chest for a second.
“Would you like me to punish her? Or rather, try? What would you have me do? Cut her throat and let her heal? Kill one of her people? That would hurt more than if I were to stab her. She cut your throat. I did not ask her to—but I did ask her to help you. She has always been merciless when she thinks she must be. I am sorry. Nothing I can say will help. So.”
He put down his cup and looked at Trey. The King of Destruction leaned his full weight on his legs as he hunched over in his chair.
“Tell me about A’ctelios Salash. Tell me what you saw.”
“Gazi’s already told you everything. I don’t need to entertain you.”
Trey spat bitterly. The King of Destruction didn’t move.
“I want to hear your perspective. You saw what Gazi did not. You have…a device with recordings. I would see that too.”
Trey closed his eyes. He was tired, and angry at this [King] who was so blank-faced, so calm.
“So watch it. I don’t—I’m not—where’s Teres? I don’t want to do this, Flos.”
“Even so. Tell me.”
“Why?”
