8.62 K
Page 44
What was wrong with them? They were so silent. So still. So hopeless. All Trey had done when he’d come back was go to Emirea’s room. She was still crying and mourning her friend, Beaky.
Trey had returned, lit a simple candle, and placed it by his windowsill. It guttered as it cast a long shadow over the room. Like despair?
They were so still, Minizi wondered if they were sleeping. But they did not, in her experience, sleep standing up. The Lifesand Golem saw Calac glance at the candle.
Then Trey.
It wavered. A single, burning glow now. It was very dark outside. The clouds covering Wistram’s night sky. Parts of the academy glowed, but two statues and a little Golem sat in the room.
The candle. Minzi stared at it. She was aware of some things. She was aware of being unaware of things. Like the traps in Wistram that Trey and Viltach sent her to try and clear. She learned to dodge them—sometimes by running into them two dozen times and finding a route by trial and error.
But she did learn. Context clues. Some were easy, like a bit of raised stone, a change in gradation that mortal people would miss, but was as obvious as the sun to a Golem.
Some things were harder. But this…this was more of a common-sense issue, so it took Minizi a while to figure it out.
The candle moved and danced as the night air entered and left. It was just a candle, melting low, lower. But something was off about it.
The flame. Minizi really tried. The flame was no bigger or smaller than regular fire. It was not hotter or colder that she could tell. So what was it…?
Ah. Perhaps it was simply that the flame was invisible. At least, to Minizi’s eyes. She saw the wax melting, but she did not see the flame, just the place where it distorted the air.
But that was fine. She had been made in someone’s image, but her eyes were sand. Her body was blood and sand, and the boy who had created her had many mixed emotions in his chest.
Desperation. A cold determination when he looked at the camera. Fear. Apprehension. Uncertainty.
And a growing feeling of…
Expectation?
Minizi’s head tilted sideways on her body. Slightly oversized, like a bobblehead. A cute little being with a sword. Razor-sharp teeth.
She didn’t know what she was based on, only that she was. The Lifesand Golem stirred as Calac and Trey looked towards the window.
The candle guttered out. Both boys sat in silence. But Minizi heard it.
The faintest sound in the world. A…scraping sound. Very faint. Metal on stone.
She rose to her feet. The little sand hand grasped her sword.
A claymore. Viltach, the other creator, had laughed when Trey suggested it. Fitting.
Why? Minizi stared at her reflection in the blade. Dreadlocks of hair around a huge, central eye. Four smaller ones over a mouth filled with pointed teeth. Four fingers on each hand.
That was all…not like Trey. Not like anyone, except for Goelv. But the eyes were different. Minizi touched her face.
She had no skin. Or rather, the sand detailing her didn’t depict regular skin. Her fingers, her body had an odd…segmented quality to it.
Like armor. A flexible armor of banded scales, from neck to toe. The Lifesand Golem heard another crunch of something digging into stone and looked up. She raised her sword and heard something outside the window.
Like a rat. The really big ones. Minizi tottered forwards, ready to swing her sword and rightly end it. Trey started as the Lifesand Golem charged past him.
“Minizi. Wait—”
