8.62 K
Page 34
Calac pointed out. Trey told him about Mena, who was one of the Terras faction and, he happened to know, also a personal apprentice of Eldavin’s.
“What if we helped her out? We give her some food to take—she thinks we’re doing her a favor.”
“And the sleeping draught? I suppose we could buy one from an [Alchemist]…that’s not hard.”
“Done and done.”
Trey showed Calac a little bottle and note with instructions on how to use it. Calac folded his arms.
“How…?”
“Malia and Sa’la. I told her I was having nightmares and trouble sleeping.”
Trey felt bad about it, because the [Thought Healer] had instantly gotten him a strong sleeping tonic from Sa’la and kept asking him how he was doing. Calac was purely impressed.
“That…that could work! The [Mages] would be out. That only leaves the balcony, if we’re skipping the Golems.”
“We shouldn’t discount them. I don’t know how we’re freeing Amerys; they only have the key to her mask that I saw. Maybe we just drag her out, but there are ward spells, that door…”
The secondary door they’d set up blocked off the rest of the hallways from Amerys’ cell. Calac nodded.
“I need to do my part, then. I’ll find that balcony.”
“You can’t just climb down out of every window you see.”
Trey pointed out reasonably. Calac smiled. He looked around Trey’s room and pointed at the camera.
“All I need is that. I can check each spot in minutes if I record.”
“What, put it on a string? You have to manipulate the buttons. I suppose you could record it, but it’ll just spin around. It has to be angled, Calac.”
The [Swordsman] frowned mightily. Trey was busy trying to recreate an image of the key. Could they pick that lock? He heard Calac walking around the room then exclaim.
“Wait! What about—”
Trey turned and saw Calac pointing to something. Or rather…someone.
Minizi, who was rather large at this point, raised her head. Trey and Calac stared at her, then the camera. She was four feet tall, and dangerous. Heavier, with all her upgrades. Calac turned to Trey.
“Lifesand Golems. She’s just sand, isn’t she? Does she have to be that big?”
 
——
 
Night. Wistram’s calm bubble of controlled weather created a glassy lake. The stars shone down in every color around the Academy of Mages.
Parts of Wistram were lit up. Laughing students at parties. Voices speaking from distant windows. But this section of Wistram was quiet.
A section of stone opened, and the image of plain, grey material flickered, revealing a hidden window. A hand thrust it open—and then a little figure clambered onto the balcony.
A foot-tall Golem, with something strapped to her chest. A professional camera. She looked behind her, got a silent nod—and then looked down.
It was a straight drop, but there was a lip of something below. The question was…what? The Lifesand Golem looked around, saw no one watching. So she tensed—and jumped.
Minizi leapt out a window, holding the camera. She didn’t fall, but jerked to a stop as the rope tied around her waist arrested her fall. Slowly, the Lifesand Golem descended, rotating and aiming the camera.
A little red light flashed as the lens panned across the outside of Wistram. The Lifesand Golem peered around, aiming the camera for thirty seconds. Then she reached up and tugged on the string.
Once.
Calac Crusland lowered it further. He leaned against the window, ostensibly taking in the night air. He nodded as a [Mage] passed him without a word, and blocked their view of the right side of the windowsill. He fed more rope down from the spool he was holding until he felt two jerks. Then…the rope began to swing.
