8.62 K
Page 35
What was she doing? Calac risked a glance and saw Minizi swinging herself back and forth. The Lifesand Golem reached out and grabbed the edge of a balcony.
“Minizi! What are you doing?”
He hissed, but dared not be louder because a laughing group of flirting male [Mages] following a few female peers—Centaurs all—were trotting down the hallway. Calac could only stand and stare out the window, hoping there was no one there.
Then he felt three quick tugs on the rope and began to pull her up. He saw a smug little Lifesand Golem aiming a camera at him and exhaled as he reached out to put her in the rucksack.
 
——
 
“She’s too intelligent. Are you sure she can’t think?”
Calac pointed at Minizi as she returned to her ‘main body’. The little Golem walked into her larger form, and larger Minizi stirred.
Trey frowned at Minizi. The angle of the camera was certainly good, and he saw her swinging towards the balcony.
“I don’t think she’s stupid, but she’s not a Sentient-class Golem according to the Quarass. Not…yet. Calac. Have you seen this?”
The [Lord] raised his head as he flopped back into his bed. He’d spent the last eight days and nights canvassing every window he could find. This was one balcony of many, and the camera’s memory was filling up. Trey kept deleting all but their reference material…and the original pictures on the camera. He felt guilty doing it, but it was useful, and the [Mages] had confiscated his iPhone for ‘inspection’, which meant playing Flappy Bird and whatnot.
“No. Is it…?”
He sat up as Trey silently showed him the footage. Calac took one look and cursed.
“Trey, that’s not the greenhouse!”
“No. But look at the stonework, Calac. It’s changed to that interior wood design—and the walls look like the stone of the balcony. It’s not granite, or regular stone. It’s got that odd green-tinge we thought was mold.”
“Iveine stone.”
Calac whispered. He looked at Trey.
“I’m on it. I’ll find out where this was and see if we can get access to that. If not…how are the locks coming?”
Trey smiled. This too was done in part with his Lifesand magic. He showed Calac something.
“Take a look.”
There was a lock, an actual lock and tumblers on the table. Calac eyed it.
“Where did you get…?”
“I found a door and blasted it out. Don’t worry, it’s just a cheap lock. And take a look at…”
Trey raised a finger, and Calac saw some rust-red sand gather around it. A little, plain key with two simple teeth appeared. A stereotype of a key, too large and, Calac was sure, not the key for this lock.
But then Trey poked it at the lock, and Calac saw the Lifesand ooze into the cracks. The key morphed, and Trey frowned.
“The trick is…moving the tumblers…aha!”
He twisted the key, and Calac saw the mechanism move. He heard a click, and saw the bolt shoot out. Trey glanced up at Calac.
“Locks picked. I wonder if Amerys’ lock needs that key?”
The [Lord] was agog.
“Th—then that just leaves the Golems. If we even have to fight them. The Golems and the ward spells. Then…”
In silence, the two young men looked at each other. Mages down. Both doors opened and Amerys’ locks. Balcony?
Calac found the balcony the next day. That just left the ward spells. And a distraction. Trey thought he had an idea for the distraction too.
 
——
 
Calac and Trey walked around the next day with a spring in their steps. A bit of swagger. Their friends noticed it. Of course, when asked, Trey just claimed he’d learned a new spell, and Calac honestly said he’d leveled up as a [Mage].
Neither one could tell the others the truth. Which was that they were taking apart Wistram like a jigsaw puzzle.
