8.62 K
Page 4
Trey Atwood didn’t notice the [King]’s interest, or if he did, he thought it was no different than normal. He self-consciously brushed at his dark hair and coughed.
Unlike Teresa, he wasn’t weathering, developing the warrior’s walk, or changing as visibly. He still looked a bit gangly and out of place…a bit lost amidst giants.
Yet he was visiting both rulers; Fetohep of Khelt himself had offered Trey free visitation, a right notably not extended to anyone else in the courtyard. Of Flos’ vassals…the King looked at Trey.
Only Tottenval and Drevish had ever earned that right, even in Reim’s greatest hour of might. As for the Quarass? She was inscrutable, but she too asked for Trey.
Because he could be charming. He was disarmingly charming, in fact. Likable. Not for humility alone, because he had a ‘selfie’ of Fetohep of Khelt, the first picture of the undead king ever. Which, yes, was a low bar to set…but he had something else.
So Flos listened as Trey counted on his fingers.
“I brought two books for the Quarass from the libraries, with Orthenon’s permission. Um, a bag of holding with some of the garden’s supplies—again for her, and for Fetohep, I brought one of the meringues—but frozen so it holds its shape sort of. We’re going there first so it should fit. And, um, uh…”
He hesitated, and Flos prodded him.
“Go on. I’ll just ask Orthenon. It can’t be too embarrassing, can it?”
He genuinely didn’t know. Trey squirmed, scratching at one leg with the other.
“A, uh, painting of you, Your Majesty. Not one of the good ones.”
Flos blinked. He hadn’t actually known what Trey had gotten for both rulers. He repeated Trey’s words slowly.
“You…are giving Fetohep of Khelt…a picture of me? Could you tell me why these four gifts? Why…why?”
And that was the thing that fascinated him. Trey looked embarrassed, perhaps nervous Flos would be angry, but when he spoke, it fascinated Flos, so the King of Destruction listened in rare silence.
“Well, they’re things they would want. I think, at least. I hope one of them will make them smile.”
“A picture of me. Fetohep. Has someone cast [Confusion] on me?”
Flos rubbed at one ear, but only to pretend. He saw Trey smile and duck his head, but Flos watched his eyes. He…knew what he was doing.
“It’s nothing they asked for—not exactly. The Quarass likes books, and she mentioned you had some from, uh, conquered countries, and I said I could bring a few. So that’s simple.”
“Why seeds from the garden? Or produce?”
Trey shrugged.
“Ger doesn’t have bountiful fields. Some of the things were from Tottenval’s era, weren’t they?”
Flos felt a pang, but he answered quietly.
“Yes. So for her fields.”
“She loves Germina. Anything for Germina makes the Quarass happy.”
“Not cakes, then? Not a bounty of sweets? The [Chefs] could make a hundred cakes. Why for Fetohep—who does not eat—and not the Quarass?”
Flos thought he had an inkling, but he saw Trey give him a blank look, and the [King]’s heart leapt. Because…Trey understood.
“The Quarass wouldn’t want a hundred cakes, even if I could bring them, Your Majesty, Flos. She can’t share a hundred cakes in her capital. Seeds…cuttings…”
“Of course. And Fetohep? A meringue and painting?”
Trey folded his hands behind his back and tried to look innocent.
“Um…he might burn the painting. Or, uh…uh…”
“Out with it.”
“I mentioned darts, and he said he had a magical set. But we had to leave, and I’m sure he’s set up some to play, so if I brought a target he enjoyed—”
