8.62 K
Page 29
The others nodded. Ah. You could trade favors, even possibly get the Archmage to make you something herself if the favor was big enough. Emirea sipped from her glass of Sage’s Water with a straw. She piped up nervously.
“Um. I speak to the Libertarians sometimes. They like me. They don’t like her. You know, she used to have another helper? I heard she was a [Lady] from Terandria. Montressa du Valeros. She did something that made Archmage Nailihuaile so upset…she got Montressa exiled.”
The other students stared at her. The older students were appalled. Trey saw Tov just raise his brows. After a second, he prodded Emirea.
“…That’s it?”
Trey, however, liked that nugget. Nailihuaile held grudges. She also did things. Calac looked at Trey and leaned over the table.
“I have a big secret. I’ll share it with all of you.”
The others turned to Calac with great interest. That wasn’t something you did, but the young man was focused on Trey. He murmured.
“I heard a rumor Archmage Nailihuiale hired the [Pirates] who attacked the King of Destruction.”
Trey whistled and sat back. Tov blinked from Calac to Trey.
“You didn’t know that?”
The [Sand Mage] glanced at Tov.
“No. Is it open knowledge?”
The Drowned Man rubbed at his hair where it met the half-slug section of his face, which was glistening slightly. He took care to keep his Human hand away, or it’d be covered in a thin layer of mucus.
“Gossip about something as big as that? The Illuminary was paid in Wistram-gold. They brag, you know.”
“How can someone say it’s ‘Wistram’ gold, though? It’s not like Wistram stamps it.”
Messill interrupted. Tov gave him a calm look; the two didn’t like each other too much.
“Gold and artifacts, Messill. It’s obviously from Wistram. Trust me. You don’t guess about Drakes and politics, do you? Like our guests. Which city is that Drake from?”
He pointed at a small group sitting apart from the rest of the body. Ostensibly guests, but isolated, watching carefully.
Two groups. Trey’s eyes flickered over, and Messill snorted.
“Fissival. Obviously.”
“How do you know that?”
“Because only Fissival would send a delegation here. Alright, alright. I take your point. And you probably could tell us Depth Mage Doroumata’s ship or whatever, right?”
Tov nodded. He looked at Doroumata and her…daughters, who all had the same face if you saw past their veil. They sat in a group, dressed from head-to-toe in black. Tov bowed towards them slightly, though not one glanced their way. He lowered his voice.
“Don’t point. It’s rude. Of course I know her ship. Everyone knows her ship. Be more respectful.”
“Or what?”
Messill scoffed, pointing harder as if to prove Tov wrong. The young man ominously glared at Messill.
“Or you’ll need a new finger. Ever been hexed by abyssal magic?”
The Drake snatched his claw back, and Trey craned his head out from the table. Wait a second. He looked back at Calac, and the [Lord] raised his brows. He’d had the same thought.
 
——
 
“Why are the representatives of Fissival and the Drowned Fleets still here?”
Trey already knew the answer. He turned, and a young woman folded her arms.
“Because they know about us. Don’t worry, the other guests from the other academies are being kept in the dark. Why? Is one of them bothering you? Sometimes one of the Fissival Drakes comes around and tries to chat with us, but they usually get shooed off. The creepy Drowned Women? They just stare.”
Elena and Trey stood in the Earthers’ private rooms. Which, Trey realized…was another Hidden Hallway that even the [Mages] didn’t know about.
