8.62 K
Page 5
The King of Destruction laughed so hard he thought he’d crack a rib. He slapped Trey on the shoulder, delighted, and caught the young man before he went over the balcony.
“Trey Atwood! You make me laugh too much! Go on, go on! The meringue thing? Why?”
Like someone watching a [Magician], he turned to Trey. The others were watching enviously or curiously, but Trey didn’t notice. He just swept back his hair with a hand, looking modestly pleased himself.
“It’s because it’s a good meringue, Flos. But, um…it’s a complex treat.”
“Yes, the [Chefs] had a devilish time figuring it out from your recollections. So why…? Ah.”
The young man nodded.
“Fetohep will want to take it and prove his [Chefs] can do better. No offense to Chef Yerinse, but…he will probably have a lot made, and it’ll be the talk of Khelt.”
“Of course. Prove Khelt’s superiority. You have thought through each and every gift. I imagine you even have an idea how to keep them entertained.”
Flos gave Trey a huge smile, and he watched as the young man tried to brush it off, blushing. But he, like the Quarass, remembered that, and a little idea began to hatch in Flos’ head. Naturally, it required time. And Gazi had her own ideas, but when she laid it out for him—
He knew who to pick. Of course, it wasn’t that simple. Cunning plans never were. You had to work hard at it. Too hard, like true games of chess, and he would have rather relaxed. But plans…
Trey could make plans.
 
——
 
Months later, Trey Atwood wondered if Flos Reimarch had been planning this all along.
If so—Flos could have done a better job of it.
But hadn’t Gazi had a hand in this plan? If so—Trey had to believe in her, although if her plan was working, she was, right now, sitting underwater, tickling fishes, and she had been for at least a week.
No…he hesitated. No, how long exactly had she said she would take to follow them? It didn’t really matter.
They were not busting out Amerys right now. He had no idea where she was.
It was his second week of being at Wistram. Trey knocked on the door as he stood in the near-empty hallway, shifting from foot to foot and trying not to look suspicious.
Students went to each other’s rooms all the time. If anything, this was normal. If anything, Trey being nervous sold the scene: someone would suspect he was going to partake in semi-frowned upon Dreamleaf. Or a romantic escapade.
Given the owner of the room, Trey hoped for nothing of the sort. Indeed, a moment later Calac Crusland, or ‘Carn Thustone’ as he was known here, opened the door.
“Hello, Troy Atlas. Would you like to come in for our studying of spells?”
The young man intoned with such a painful deadpan that Trey quickly shoved him inside the room. A little Lifesand Golem, Minizi, poked her head out of the hood of his robes as he hissed at Calac.
“You suck at acting!”
Calac instantly dropped his deadpan look and glared back at Trey.
“I don’t have the class!”
“You don’t need a class to be halfway decent! Are we secure?”
The other young man nodded. He pulled out a gleaming runestone and showed it to Trey.
“I check every night that the wardstones are working.”
“Just don’t show them around.”
Calac rolled his eyes. He was not Trey’s preferred backup and co-conspirator. Trey didn’t know Calac that well, but he remembered him from Venith and the first days of Flos’ campaign. Calac was hotheaded, impulsive, unlike his father and mother, who…no, he was sort of like Venith in that sense.
The difference was that Venith had been rightfully angry at Flos, and when he got angry, it was with genuine exasperation.
