8.62 K
Page 17
The two [Mages] were certainly able to make good on Telim’s promise. Trey half-watched them the first time. The second, he noted the duo changed.
What didn’t change was that the two [Mage] guards were good at fighting. Telim had told Trey that, but the young man saw it. He was no magical expert, though he’d had teachers who knew combat like Parasol Stroll, Gazi, and the Quarass.
How did you tell a [Mage] who could hold themselves in combat apart from a powerful magic-user who might make simple mistakes apart?
Simple.
[Battle Mages] always had magic barriers. The Naga and Dwarf’s were both different. One appeared as a shimmering field around the Naga. The Dwarf had glowing runes sewn into his robes. The Naga deactivated her barrier to levitate a fritter through and happily munch down on it. The Dwarf had no problem eating his.
Telim had no shields. He shook his head at them.
“You have to wear barriers all the time? You can’t even touch anything without deactivating them! How do you even play chess?”
“We don’t, or we use magic, Telim. Don’t kick up a fuss. Anything in our personal radius is within our barrier, so we can read books. I don’t know how you lot can’t be bothered to put on a simple ward spell all the time. What about accidents?”
“It’s a pain in the butt.”
The two [Mages] rolled their eyes at Telim and glanced at Trey.
“That young man knows what we’re talking about. You know, I was walking down the street one time and someone hit a nail wrong. Freak accident. It goes flying straight at my cheek and guess what I had? A barrier. Don’t you remember when that poor boy got hit in the face by that pot of hot soup? Barriers, Telim. Barriers…”
“Listen, Yolv. I understand you. I counter with this—you’re sitting on the toilet. You reach for the roll of toilet paper. Barrier spell.”
“You are…that’s your reason?”
“Yes.”
Trey barely listened to their argument. He only had eyes for the person in the room beyond. She sat in the padded room, bound from head-to-toe, and chained as well.
She had a mask-binding over her mouth, and her arms and legs were also bound. She looked like a prisoner in a mental asylum.
Even so. There she sat, eyes locked onto him. A stare that was unblinking. Two bright yellow eyes and a messy tangle of leaf-green hair. Almost like nothing at all…not the woman he had come here to see.
That was, until the two [Mages] opened the unlocked door and ushered Trey through the thick glass that looked out of the room. One reason why they had chosen this area to contain her.
The other? Trey walked forwards slowly and felt the air go dead.
Anti-magic containment. Not just that…he felt a strange tingling in his stomach. Telim looked at Trey and grimaced.
“Ah, that’s why. Nutrition rooms. Do you even feed her?”
“She bit the fingers off the last person who tried. And swallowed them.”
Telim hesitated, a fritter halfway towards his mouth. He slowly put it down.
“I’m going to take that as a ‘no’.”
In days before these, these rooms had been used for more than holding prisoners. In fact, Trey suspected that was not their purpose at all.
Configurable rooms, like the ones that they held the group-therapy sessions in. But unlike those rooms, which created false beaches or climates…these were for a [Mage] to train.
Anti-magic to deaden your natural magic. Artificial nutrition so that you couldn’t starve to death.
For meditation? Protracted study?
He didn’t know. Nor could he think. Trey just walked forwards.
There she was.
Amerys.
The Archmage of Lightning. One of the King of Destruction’s Seven.
Amerys, the Calm Flower of the Battlefield.
