8.62 K
Page 33
Trey Atwood was still shaking with nervous energy. He thumbed the button…paused as he went back too far, and Calac stared at the odd face. The uncanny…place.
Trey switched back to a far newer picture without a word. Then he handed Calac the camera.
“They can only detect magic.”
He had taken a recording of the entire area. Calac saw the camera pan shakily as Trey hurried down the hallway. He paused in each room, just for a second, which meant they had to play and replay each image. Even so…
“It is a lounge area. Look at that. There is a taproom there! Even barrels still in stock. Is that some kind of magical game?”
The two young men tried to pick apart each scene. Trey pointed at the strange, oblong shape that people could stand around.
“Yep. It’s deactivated. Some kind of [Mage]’s game. And over there you can see where they’ve just set up beds. Toilets are there…”
Calac caught Trey’s arm.
“Wait.”
He slowed the recording, and Trey noticed something that he himself hadn’t seen the first time he’d gone hurrying around. The swinging view of the camera stopped, and the two stared at a dark room, some kind of…indoor garden?
Yes! Although the plants appeared to be mostly dead. The room itself transformed into loamy soil just past the doorway, and Trey saw a lot of dead plant matter on the ground. Creeping vines up the walls…
“Looks like a greenhouse. Or maybe a private area for a [Green Mage]? A [Druid]? What a shame.”
Calac was shaking his head. He stabbed the camera screen with a finger.
“Not that. Trey. Look! Look!”
The young man frowned. Then his eyes went round.
Greenhouses were a feature of both Earth and this world. Of course, in both worlds, people had learned how to artificially produce light to grow plants, but that was obviously something people did because there wasn’t enough natural light or they wanted year-round coverage.
If you were going to build a greenhouse…even [Mages] didn’t spend unnecessary effort. Trey’s breath caught.
“There’s no way that’s real.”
Calac just gazed at him. Then at the light in the picture that the forgotten greenhouse would have benefited from with a bit of water.
“They’re [Mages]. They didn’t even think of it. I bet you it’s real.”
“Maybe it’s camouflage. Maybe it’s warded too.”
Calac nodded.
“Maybe. But…”
They both stared at the light shining through from outside. Sunlight, coming through the glass ceiling…and a transparent door that looked suspiciously like it was open to a neat little railing and slight terrace.
A balcony.
 
——
 
Finding a balcony in the huge, dimensionally-challenged academy was as difficult as could be, especially because, given the twisting and changing hallways, Trey and Calac weren’t sure where that greenhouse balcony was.
However, they could guess based on the rough position of the Creler-mural hallway. They went one floor up and began to find every open window, terrace, balcony, or exposed walkway they could.
It was at this point where Trey started working on the other elements of his plan. He already had a simple one for the guards.
They didn’t eat all the food he brought; they were picky, and he was worried if one didn’t eat and the other did and Trey just happened to be sitting there while one or the other mysteriously fell asleep—he’d be in trouble.
They were high-level [Mages] who had seen fighting. Even if Trey got the drop on one, he was certain he’d lose. Plus, he didn’t want to kill them.
“But they do finish their meals. And if someone were to slip a sleeping potion into their food…”
“You’d need to persuade someone to put it in. And get a sleeping draught.”
