8.62 K
Page 9
The [Sand Mage] nodded slowly. He watched Calac’s hands move and grabbed his shoulder.
“You had it! Wait—oh, sorry. Yes, it bothers me.”
The [Lord] had a pleased smile of triumph on his face. He relaxed suddenly and flopped back onto his bed. He looked at Trey.
“I will call that my victory. Thank you.”
Trey nodded. Still, he lingered since they were talking about something interesting, for once. Calac sat up.
“We are different, aren’t we? I didn’t realize how peaceful your world must be. George asked me if I had ever used my sword or killed someone. As if it were a question.”
Trey sombered. He twiddled his thumbs, not quite looking at Calac, and reached down. Minizi came up with a cloth dampened by water, and he dabbed at his face as she sat on the bed. Calac grimaced, but Trey assured him she wouldn’t leave sand.
“We are different. You know, most guys would tell everyone who they had over. People in Chandrar don’t do that?”
“People in Crusland land don’t do it. I don’t speak for Reim or Chandrar.”
“Right. Sorry. I just meant—”
Calac’s argumentative tone stopped suddenly. He raked fingers through his hair and looked embarrassed.
“I know. I am…different. My mother is Lady Maresar. You know her class, right?”
“Er, [Bandit Lord]?”
Calac nodded again.
“And my father is Lord Venith Crusland. I know I’ve been taught differently. Some things I learned my mother taught me are…different. Sometimes I wonder what other families must be like.”
He looked—not anguished, not sad or longing—but just curious. Trey raised his brows.
“I didn’t know my mother. Me and Teres are twins. Everyone’s different.”
Calac half-nodded.
“Yes…but having a mother who can be more of a man than my father is…odd. The first time I saw her use her Skill—the one which makes her look like a man? It was very strange.”
Trey tried to imagine that. He tried not to smile. Calac just gave him a look.
“Go ahead and laugh. She does. My mother is far too strange, and even I know it. My father? I can’t live up to my father.”
He sighed. Trey stopped smiling, guilty.
“I’m sure he appreciates—”
Calac’s weary look silenced the words coming out of Trey’s mouth.
“Don’t say it.”
So Trey didn’t. They passed a minute in silence, and Calac went on.
“My mother has peculiar notions of everything. Not necessarily right or wrong, but they confuse me greatly. You know that argument they had yesterday? Your Earthers and the Terandrians and Izrilians? Everyone got involved, but that one?”
Trey frowned.
“I don’t kn—oh, that one.”
The [Lord] gave Trey a meaningful look.
“Exactly so. It isn’t as…hugely problematic to Chandrar. There are no laws for or against it in Reim. A man doesn’t boast about his private life, anyways. My mother, on the other hand? She told me that, but for my father, she’d be flipping a coin and kissing whichever came first. Then she tried to give me advice on what to do from all four possible perspectives and…”
He saw Trey’s expression and nodded.
“That is my mother. Do you think it’s close to normal?”
Trey decided the best thing to do was get Minizi and go to sleep.
 
——
 
When did Calac Crusland become a friend? Trey wasn’t sure. It wasn’t the first month. Perhaps it started the second.
But it probably continued on these nights. Through arguments and surprising insights. Stories from home, encouragement, one helping the other, like Calac giving Trey food after the worms incident…not laughing…
