8.62 K
Page 22
“Three Archmages. They tricked me into a meeting, and I didn’t have a chance. I was ready—not for that. Lightning, specialty, has nothing to do with why I lost. So there is your lesson. Love your magic. If you have to choose between what is efficient over what you want—follow your heart. No matter what they do to you, stay loyal to that.”
She looked at him. Her voice was raspy from lack of use. She was bound like one of the Super Silkworms that had made Telim’s robes. Even so, Trey was reminded of the rest of them.
“Is that a metaphor for why you supported the King of Destruction, Archmage?”
Amerys rolled her eyes.
“No, it’s a random aside. At least you understand what a metaphor is. Do you like light magic?”
“Yes, a bit. I do think it’s…neat.”
She laughed.
“Then there you are. However. I have answered your first question, haven’t I? They all ask me. That’s how I answered them, every damned year. Children with the same question. Children and Archmages. Why him? Why still? Is that what you came here to ask? Like that other boy?”
Trey half-shook his head, fascinated. She wasn’t like what he expected at all. The nearly biting his fingers off—that was unwelcome, unexpected, yet partly what he had imagined.
This?
He sat, cross legged, and Amerys watched him. Trey Atwood ducked his head. He wondered what to say. He had said one of the things he had meant to already. And he thought she had heard it.
“I came here to ask you a question, Archmage Amerys. That’s true enough. And to see that you exist, I suppose.”
“Do they think I’m dead, then? Or has Wistram leaked secrets that I live?”
Her voice was dry. Trey heard a loud voice clear behind him and turned—the Naga gave him a warning shake of the head.
“No current topics.”
He nodded. Amerys gave the Naga a baleful glare. Trey turned back to her.
“Archmage, I just have one question for you. Today. If I’m allowed, I might come back with more. But…”
He looked around the cell again. Inspected her bindings. There was no visible lock or key; just sigils drawn over where cloth wrapped around her. Trey’s heart sank—and then Amerys shifted. She looked at him as she revealed something half-hidden by her legs.
A small lock, made of pure mithril. Trey looked at it, then at her.
“…I just wanted to hear your perspective. On the King of Destruction. Not why you joined him. But whether you think what he’s doing is for the better or the worse.”
Amerys blinked a few strands of hair out of her face. Trey couldn’t see the [Mages] behind him, and he didn’t know if they were listening. So he went on, keeping his voice level.
“I have come from Chandrar. I cannot tell you what has happened—but I did see the King of Destruction’s return. He makes war again—or people make war against him. In the end, it doesn’t seem to matter. There is always another war. I’m told that’s how it happened the first time. But I wasn’t there. You were. Was it worth it? All of this—your imprisonment. Bringing Reim back. Drevish, the Architect, is dead.”
She twitched. Her eyes opened, and one of the [Mage] guards stood.
“Is all of it worth it? If he had won, would it be for the better?”
Amerys gazed at him strangely.
“You’re asking me, one of his Seven. His most trusted vassals, whether I support what my [King] did?”
She began to smile, but Trey just nodded. He felt at his fingers again, and rubbed at his throat. Amerys glanced at it.
“I suppose it’s a silly question. I just wanted to know if you had any regrets. Any reservations. Or if you saw nothing wrong and would do it all over again that way.”
