8.62 K
Page 32
Amerys blinked at Trey. She nodded instantly.
“That’s very kind of you. Do you want something?”
Trey twiddled his thumbs. Conscious of the eyes on his back, he looked at Amerys. Why was he back and asking to see her? He was no Erik, who could play a part, but…he glanced back at the Wistram mages, blushed, and leaned over.
“Archmage, if I trade you, um, some food, and bring it regularly, would you tell me a few secrets? Even ones other people know about. Maybe—”
Amerys’ yellow eyes flickered over Trey’s face for a second with bright intellect—then her face developed into a sneer. Behind him? All three Wistram [Mages] exploded into laughter, and Trey turned beet red.
However, it was approving. Texiasha pointed her tail at Trey.
“The nerve of this young man! Trading food for…? I love it.”
Naturally, Amerys was less enthusiastic. She bared her teeth.
“Keep feeding me and I’ll consider it.”
Which meant that Trey came by with more food and began taking orders from the guards on duty. Not just Yolv or Texiasha.
“It’s not that we can’t bring food; it’s just that we don’t know what the dish of the day is. We have to stay here. Two days in a row. Yes, there are toilets and places to sleep and we can practice magic and whatnot, but it’s just boring. And she only talks to you.”
A rather chatty Dullahan confided in Trey as the young man unpacked buttered crab legs. He was a full [Mage] of Wistram, so he didn’t have his people’s customary reserve. The Human woman nodded; one of Viltach’s people. Trey casually paused as he brought out some napkins.
“Oh. So you have to bring all the food here yourself?”
The woman smiled at him. She had a scar running all the way down her leg; she’d fought in Terandria and apparently was an [Arrow Magus].
“Not at all. Someone does a delivery. Not Golems; we can’t order them around all the time for…and this is more delicate since Amerys was never stripped of her title. For caution, we get one of the younger [Mages] to do it, but they just grab whatever they can find. No decency to get the pick of the day, like you. The only one who’s ever thoughtful is that young [Bard]. What’s her name?”
“Mena. That’s the one. Terras. I cannot wait for Telim to be shuffled into guard duty now that Terras is an official faction.”
“Imagine it. I’ll visit just to laugh at him.”
Trey smiled, and then looked concerned.
“Um…could I use the toilet?”
“First left, down the hall. Mind the toilets. Use the one on the right unless you like the water features.”
The Terandrian woman shuddered. The Dullahan turned to her.
“It’s civilized.”
“If I wanted a water spell in my toilet, I’d cast it myself—”
Trey hurried down the hallway. He turned a corner, looked over his shoulder, and then gazed at the carpeted intersection. His breath caught. He took a few wary steps, looked over his shoulder again…and began hurrying forwards.
“No way. No way…”
Trey Atwood pulled something out of his bag of holding. He raised it slowly.
 
——
 
Calac Crusland’s eyes were huge in his head.
“You didn’t.”
Trey held the object out to him.
“I did.”
“They didn’t catch you? Or notice…?”
Calac’s hands were trembling, and he refused to touch the object as Trey set it down and configured it. The young man shrugged.
“Why would they? Even if the ward spells saw me heading down the hall and not to the bathroom—I bet they thought I was just curious, and I only took a minute. Tops. Then I went to the bathroom, and they were none the wiser.”
“But they didn’t detect…?”
