8.62 K
Page 21
The woman—Amerys, sat up as they bound her head back with spells. But she kept watching him. He didn’t run or hide, even after nearly losing his fingers, and that made him different from Aaron.
For the first time in a long while, Amerys began to hope.
 
——
 
Archmage Amerys sat there, spitting blood out of her mouth. His blood. Trey thought she did it just to get the clean room dirty and annoy the other [Mages].
She looked…odd. Now that she was calm, she seemed completely different from the madwoman bound up, unblinking.
Her head was bound back by little strands of magic, but her eyes were locked on him. Scrutinizing him from head to toe.
A remarkable transformation. That static charge in the air was gone. The [Mage] in front of him was…well.
A [Mage]. When she spoke, her voice had that precision that made him think of an academic.
“[Light Spear] is complementary with sand and glass magic. Why did you specialize in that?”
He just looked at her, cradling his healed hand. It still hurt with phantom pain. Telim was keeping an eye on them as the other [Mages] returned to their card game, but they were all watching her. Listening in? Almost definitely.
Even so, Trey didn’t run. Despite nearly losing fingers to her. Her voice—it was so at odds with her image of just a second ago. She seemed…relaxed.
No.
Tired. She lay there, bound from head to toe, and Trey thought she looked exhausted. Haggard. With a deadly core of wrath—but tired. Worn out from doing nothing.
It was a strange thought, until he looked around this cell and imagined being bound like this for a day. A week. Months.
“A friend told me the magics went together. So have most of my teachers.”
That was all Trey said. Amerys chuckled drily.
“Yes. Logical magic. Why…”
She paused to cough. She couldn’t wipe her mouth, so she licked her lips to catch the saliva. She glanced up at Trey and curled her lip.
“…Why did you listen? Because you thought it was your magic? Because you had no direction? Because you agreed? If it was their plan to teach you the best magic, abandon it. Run away from their designs.”
Trey looked down at her.
“Why?”
Amerys tried to wiggle into a better position and ended up falling sideways. She glared sideways and looked at him with a wry grin. Look at me and laugh, it seemed to say.
“Magic. Is magic a set of rules you follow? Or is it passion? Are we artists or bound by logic? Optimal magic. Complementary schools. That…that is magic for children who want to be the strongest. You know who I am. I did not gain my levels or class by pursuing the best magic for me. I cast the spells I loved again and again.”
Trey walked over and slowly rotated her shoulder so she was lying against the wall again. The [Mages] watched him, but Amerys made no move to bite him.
“You mean, lightning magic?”
She met his eyes calmly and chuckled. It was a rasp, tired at first, but she seemed to grow more alert with every second of talking. More alive.
“You’re doing it again. It makes sense for me to have a school of magic, doesn’t it? I don’t call myself a [Lightning Mage]. So I am not one. I do like lightning. Every intelligent [Mage] tells me it’s foolish to be an elementalist at my level. That everyone will specialize in anti-electricity wards. They say these things—while being ten levels below me. While never having lived through one war.”
She spat again. Trey and Amerys stared at the red glob on the ground. Amerys shook her head—or tried to with the bindings.
“Do you know how they captured me?”
“No.”
She exhaled slowly.
