8.62 K
Page 8
“Nope. You’re still doing it wrong. Can’t we call it a day?”
Calac cursed.
“No! I can’t! Emirea can do this, and she’s eleven! So can Goelv and Tov!”
He named their friends. Goelv the Gazer boy. Emirea du Merrimom, the shy, young [Lady]. Tov, the Drowned Man who was half-slug.
“She had tutors. Goelv’s a Gazer, and uh…Tov’s from the Drowned Ships. You literally had no magic practice. I did.”
Calac just looked at Trey.
“I don’t want to fall so far behind that I can’t talk with them.”
It was such an honest, even quietly embarrassed statement that Trey stopped being grumpy and looked at Calac.
“I…didn’t think of that. Sorry.”
The [Lord] brushed it off, but he didn’t draw back. He was surprisingly genuine, and again—the fact that he was able to say that with a straight face outright was also different.
“It matters to me greatly. You seem surprised I want to learn magic. I do want to learn. The mission comes first, but my mother tells me a bit of magic is as handy as can be for a warrior. Even my father says he would have used some spells if he had the aptitude.”
“Venith said that?”
Trey was amazed. Calac shrugged, a bit self-consciously.
“They’re practical warriors.”
“I know. I just thought of Venith as not wanting to use magic. If they were fighting with swords…”
“Why? Magic is fair. Just like an arrow.”
“I just thought he’d not want to use any.”
Calac raised one eyebrow.
“Why? Oh…you’re thinking of Terandrian [Knights]. My father isn’t like that. He’s a warrior. A [Lord], but a warrior born. In battle, in war, there’s no way to duel like that.”
Trey was struck by his misconceptions. He ducked his head.
“I guess not. I’m sorry for assuming.”
Calac seemed on the verge of making a pithy comment, but then just sat down on his bed and tried casting again. Slowly. Trey showed him, and Calac struggled to copy it. He spoke as he practiced.
“We’re different, aren’t we? I realize that more and more. I spoke with one of the Earthers…George? He wanted to know how to use a sword.”
“Really?”
Trey saw Calac frown and bite his lip. Minizi tottered back to him with a wet rag. Trey picked it up, took one sniff, and handed it back.
“Minizi, you put alcohol on it. That’s Calac’s gin.”
“That’s a gift for one of my teachers!”
The Lifesand Golem trudged off. Everyone was a critic. Trey turned back to Calac.
“And? Did you teach him how to use it?”
Calac hesitated.
“He didn’t really want to learn. I just realized—you do come from a different place, don’t you? These Terandrians are like that too. I met someone who challenged me to a duel. He had a silver bell and a rapier. Charles de…something or other. I told him I didn’t duel for fun and he sneered at me.”
He must have learned his lesson after the magical dueling incident. Trey nodded slowly.
“That’s…”
Calac interrupted him.
“I didn’t finish. When I refused, he tried to provoke me with his sword.”
“Oh. Uh…”
Calac didn’t look hurt. The [Warrior] gave Trey a sideways grin.
“I kicked him in the groin and his friends accused me of cheating.”
Trey had to laugh at that.
“I think I know that guy. The Libertarians? Archmage Viltach’s people?”
“The same. They claimed I couldn’t use my feet or magic in a duel. Such strange Terandrians. And those Drakes! Messill can’t stand Lizardfolk. It’s…”
Calac stared ahead.
“Bothersome. Does it bother you? It reminds me of Garuda tribes not being allowed to camp near cities. Only, they don’t have reasons to fear thieves or anything like it here. It’s just Lizardfolk. Yet the Drakes can’t stand them, mostly.”
