8.62 K
Page 15
These ones? Telim nodded slowly. He waved at one of the guardian-Golems, who didn’t move, and whispered to Trey out of the corner of his mouth.
“We keep—or rather, Cognita keeps—the really dangerous ones far out of sight. Too many accidents.”
“Accidents?”
Telim’s head turned. The man whispered to Trey.
“If you’re a drunk [Mage] who walks into a room and sees one of these staring down at you in the middle of the night? Believe me, you’re going to need a new set of robes.”
 
——
 
“Two Golems. How tall again?”
Calac interrupted Trey’s recounting. Trey just looked at him.
“Eighteen feet.”
“You…must be joking.”
The [Swordsman] licked his lips. His look of excitement faded. Trey pointed to the first room he was outlining.
“I’m not. They looked like…they’re not made of steel.”
The other young man brightened up.
“Oh? Wood?”
Trey hesitated.
“Sort of a bronze-gold.”
“So…a magical metal.”
Calac’s head sunk into his hands. Trey nodded.
“They have these strange gems on their elbows—chests, legs—everywhere. Each one’s different. I asked Telim, and he said they probably each produce a spell or some effect. They don’t have proper feet, either. Just giant poles and sort of hoof-like bases.”
“That doesn’t seem like they should be able to stand.”
The [Swordsman] muttered. He was trying to sketch a picture. Trey added his own clarifications, shaking his head.
“Apparently it’s gravity spells. I saw some kind of rune work around the bases—they looked very sturdy. I didn’t see them walk, but those, um, weapons? One had a spear, two swords—the curved scimitar kind—a flail, a shield, and some kind of short, wavy blade.”
“A kris. How did you see all of this?”
Trey grimaced.
“We…took our time getting through there. Telim had to show them an amulet, and he verified himself by tracing some kind of sigil. It looks like this, but it was magical, so I can’t tell what he actually did. He made sure we were safe, believe me. Apparently, they wouldn’t jump straight to killing us…unless we started fighting.”
Calac swore. This was room one of Amerys’ security, not even counting the magical lock. Defenses?
Giant Golems.
“What’s the second layer? Is that it?”
Trey hesitated.
“Well…we pass through a hallway here. There are intersections, but I don’t know where they lead. You see—”
 
——
 
“—this is a repurposed area. Hidden Hallways. Those Golems had to be moved here; few places in Wistram have security.”
“Oh. So this isn’t normal?”
Trey followed Telim closely in his steps. The [High Mage] looked at Trey.
“Aside from an experimental area or one of the sealed portions? Dead gods, my boy! Hardly! All this security is different. New. Can you feel what we’re passing through now?”
They were walking down some actually very nice hallways. Carpeted. Odd, actually; Trey didn’t know if he liked the feel of actual carpeted floors after so much of Wistram’s stone. It felt…cozy, and he kept feeling as though he shouldn’t be wearing shoes, but Telim assured him the carpets were self-cleaning.
“It…feels like the air’s charged.”
Telim nodded, waving a ringed hand around.
“Ward spells. They’ll know we’re coming. You see, this is certainly not a normal secure area. I think this was actually a private club of sorts. Nice carpets, all these paintings of [Mages]—and I don’t know who they are.”
He pointed out some [Mages], all of whom were grinning or smiling or nodding in their still portraits. They even passed by a dark room. Trey peered in. Is that…
 
——
 
“A taproom? Really?”
Calac paused. Trey nodded.
