8.62 K
Page 16
“I swear, it looked like it. It really is just a repurposed wing they converted to hold Amerys.”
“Why…this wing? It makes no sense. I would use the crypts or the upper floors. This is a nice place.”
Trey agreed, but he knew the answer.
“Telim told me that it belonged to Feor’s faction. The Centrists. They used to hold private gatherings within—as early as last year. They changed it to hold Amerys because it was convenient, hidden, and because there’s a set of rooms that do something convenient.”
Calac glanced up. He paused, his quill wet with ink.
“Go on. When did you meet Amerys? Did they torture her?”
Trey stopped him.
“Wait. There’s something else…”
 
——
 
“Frankly, the Golems and the ward spells are enough security. It is apparently a nightmare having to switch the guards, and no one likes guard-duty. We’re [Mages]. Lazy. So they decommissioned the magical maze.”
“The…”
“Ullsinoi set it up. They’re experts in that kind of thing. I think they have one in their Hidden Hallway—not that I know if they have one. Perhaps they have dozens. It would be just like them. Hey, if you lot are here, no pranks today!”
Telim shouted randomly as he and Trey came to a clearly-new door set into the hallway. It seemed out of place, and some telltale stone and dust cling to the doorway made Trey suspect someone had…built a door here.
“Second door. Another lock. Instead of a maze that takes fifteen minutes to pass through and requires nonsense like walking through the third mirror on the left backwards while hopping blindly.”
“Why did you shout at Ullsinoi? Are they here?”
Telim gave Trey a blank look as he inserted a second key. This one had a strange set of pointed teeth, but it was more like the real thing.
“You never know. I do it whenever I think they’re here. Just shout and assume someone’s cloaked. It’s worked twice in my life. Mind you, they’re smart. But you couldn’t pay me to walk that maze every single time…so someone made a door. It works.”
He opened the door, walked through, and shut it after Trey.
 
——
 
“They replaced a master-illusionist maze with…a door. And a stone wall.”
Calac looked at Trey. The [Sand Mage] put a hand over his heart.
“I swear.”
The two looked at each other. Calac noted the door down after a second. He believed Trey, of course. It fit in completely with the [Mages].
“And after that?”
Trey swallowed.
“After that…there’s only the two guards. And Amerys.”
 
——
 
The two [Mages] were clearly delighted to see Telim. After their initial argument, they relaxed and were as friendly as could be. Politics didn’t trump friendship in this case, it seemed. One was actually a Dwarf, a rarity in Wistram. A tall Dwarf; he was five-foot-two.
“Dead gods, Telim. I know you have some snacks! Fork them over! Do you know how boring it is, sitting here all day?”
“Read a book. Or watch a scrying orb. If you want my snacks, pay me.”
The Naga slapped her tail on the ground as she bookmarked her novel.
“We can’t watch scrying orbs; we’re warded. Come on, Telim. It’s a two-day rotation.”
The [High Mage] staunchly refused to give up the snacks.
“That’s what you get for joining a faction.”
“So says Mister Terras. Listen. Share some snacks, and let’s play a game of chess or magic cards. We’ve got a deck. Or else we’ll be very upset, and the next time you go to raid a buffet, we’ll put a motion in the Council banning [Mages] from taking more than a set amount of food each meal.”
“You bastards. Alright. Sage’s Grass Chiffon cake or Frost Fritters? Both fresh from today.”
“Both.”
“You’ll have both over my dead body.”
“Is that a challenge…?”
