8.62 K
Page 39
He paused at the door.
“Unlock it. That’s your job. We get to the guards and make sure they’re asleep and won’t come after us. I can do that. Mother told me how to bind a [Mage] so they can’t easily escape.”
Trey nodded.
“Then we try to free Amerys. If we can’t—we go to Gazi and bail out the window. Straight down again. So two sets of ropes. We’re on a ship. I bet you her sword can break the bindings.”
Calac nodded. He scrubbed at his chin; he hadn’t remembered to shave, so a light stubble was growing.
“The main thing is we don’t want anyone checking on the guards. We need a distraction. Which you’ve set up.”
He turned to the young man, and the Earther sobered for a second.
“…Yes. I think so. I’ve gotten it rolling, but it’ll be something, either way. It’ll definitely cause a distraction. It’s not nice, though.”
He looked at Calac, and the young man’s eyes flickered to the camera and then to Trey. He shook his head.
“No. It’s not. But just know that I appreciate…you doing it. They won’t get hurt.”
“They won’t. This is Wistram. They don’t cast magic to kill.”
Trey repeated that. He looked at the map, trying to put it out of his head. Did they even need a distraction? Too late now.
“The only thing we can’t account for are…the Golems. If they patrol, we’re dead. I need time to break that lock. We need to make sure they never leave that room.”
The [Lord] nodded, but cautiously.
“How do we do that? On another visit?”
Trey shook his head. He looked around and saw a figure practicing her sword swings. Perhaps because she saw Calac doing it? She had no muscle to build, but he thought it suited her. Minizi looked up as Trey smiled.
“I have a better idea. And it’ll help us finalize our plans.”
 
——
 
Minizi checked herself. Harness in place? Check. Amulet? Double-check.
No camera this time. She had to move fast, and besides, Trey needed the camera for the other part of his plan; they’d already finished that.
Calac had a spool of enchanted rope in one hand, and he was checking Minizi’s harness. The Lifesand Golem peered down at the balcony.
“Remember, Minizi, just go down, inspect the hallways, and come back up. Don’t be spotted!”
“Can you see what she sees?”
Calac murmured as the Lifesand Golem nodded repeatedly at Trey, almost impatiently. The [Sand Mage] grimaced.
“Vague impressions at best. No one’s teaching me Golem-magic, not even Eldavin—but I think she’ll be able to communicate to us if she sees the Golems on patrol.”
“How long do we leave her there?”
Minizi leapt from the balcony, was caught by the rope, and smacked into the stone wall. Trey and Calac winced. Alright, when they did it? Don’t do that.
The Lifesand Golem’s head slowly reformed as she carefully descended with Calac feeding her the rope. She wiggled, trying to swing herself towards the balcony’s railing. Trey shrugged.
“Maybe an hour? Two? Just so we know they don’t patrol. One hour would be fine.”
“We just stand here?”
“No, we anchor the rope with [Sticky Web] right outside the window and walk away. No one’ll see it.”
They were on the far side of the academy, and even if some ship captain were sailing in…Calac nodded. He was tense, but with excitement as much as anything else.
Minizi was halfway down. Trey turned to Calac.
“You never did tell me how you got the amulet.”
The [Swordsman] was embarrassed. He turned away.
“A…an older [Mage] in the Libertarians likes me. We were practicing with the sword and I suggested she divest herself of things getting in the way.”
“Oh. Oh.”
The [Lord] didn’t look at Trey.
