8.62 K
Page 41
There were now six Guardian Golems, two in their original spots, two more in the hallway, and two on patrol. Telim stopped when he saw them.
“Six? I didn’t know we had six of them! This is a bit overkill, isn’t it? Has something happened?”
He looked at Trey, and the young man tried to seem as shocked as possible. Telim glanced around. He peered down the shag hallway currently being torn up by the huge feet and called out.
“I say! Yolv! Has something happened?”
The Dwarf [Runic Warrior] was standing in the hall, armored up and shielded behind his magical barriers, in discussion with no less than eight other [Mages]. Including…Trey’s mouth dried up.
Galei, the Centaur of the Ullsinoi faction. Trey looked past him at an exasperated man and turned a shade paler.
Archmage Viltach was there too. He and a Libertarian were talking with the Ullisinoi’s representative and other [Mages] assigned to this duty. Nailihuiale slithered out of a room and caught sight of Telim.
“Who’s this now?”
The Centaur tilted his head and regarded Trey with a keen eye.
“Troy Atlas, one of the Earthers, and Telim. Are you here for guard duty?”
“You will never get me sitting guard duty for days on end. Galei, Archmages. Has something happened with Archmage Amerys?”
Viltach, Naili, and the other [Mages] exchanged looks. Viltach folded his arms, and Yolv coughed, spotting Trey.
“This might not be the time for a visit, Telim. Something did happen. We’re recreating the security on this floor. Which means, apparently, how many guards?”
“Let’s call it an even twelve. You can play cards or something.”
Galei spoke. The Centaur had an amazing mane of hair, silver grey, and a wicked smile over his kilt-like robes. He looked like mischief and had a balanced pair of spectacles on his face. Half-moon. No, he didn’t need them, but he’d added them after hearing stories of Earth.
He and another [Mage] who wore Ullsinoi’s curious eye-sigil on their robes faced the other [Mages]. Instantly, one of the Dullahans present complained.
“Twelve? Ullsinoi doesn’t contribute its members. We’re not having twelve guards, Galei. Or is it Galei-Taxiela? Am I even speaking to a person? You lot are as trustworthy as quicksand.”
She went to prod Galei, and the Centaur laughed as she poked his stomach. He covered it protectively.
“Stop that! You know, quicksand isn’t actually that dangerous. Now, Freefall Quicksand is the stuff that’ll bury you up to your nose in a moment. We’d contribute guards—but it’s a matter of trust. We’re willing to put in the magic, though. See?”
He nodded and two more [Mages] came strolling down the hall. Trey’s heart sank. Because the lovely shag-and-wood hallway no longer led towards the improvised door which Amerys was imprisoned behind. One of the [Mages], a smiling Drake with fiery orange scales, clicked his claws—
And the hallway devolved into a shadowy maze filled with smog. Labyrinthine walls thirteen feet tall—and, oh yes. Ominous cello music.
“Dead gods.”
Yolv took one look at the enchanted maze and turned to Galei. He raised a finger and pointed at the maze.
“You put it back. You bastards! It takes fifteen minutes to get through that shit! I am not walking fifteen minutes to use the toilet!”
“True. It’d take you fifteen minutes to run.”
Galei and the other Ullsinoi mages started cackling with laughter. Yolv just rolled his eyes.
“Short jokes. Archmage Viltach, please, speak some sense into them!”
“I’m still waiting to know what happened. Excuse me? Is Amerys free? Did someone try to break her out?”
