8.62 K
Page 14
“No. Not just that. To see if she is one. I saw the King of Destruction’s return. I want to ask her a question.”
“Ahh.”
The [High Mage] nodded, exhaling in satisfaction. He patted Trey on the shoulder.
“You have seen things, my lad. You don’t talk of it, but I’ve seen that look before.”
Trey glanced up at Telim, and the older man’s face was full of kindness. He swallowed and saw Telim look at the line on his throat.
Lies and truth, blended so closely he couldn’t tell the mixture apart.
“Yes.”
“Then mark this well. Not that you can enter alone. But remember it; this is one of Wistram’s Hidden Hallways. One of six I know.”
Slowly, Telim reached into his pocket and drew something out of his robes. It was a key. Trey’s eyes locked on it. He saw the strange head, with no teeth like a regular key, but a spade-like design. Made of bright, clear stone, paler and lighter than a sapphire, that shimmered as Telim inserted it into the lock.
The lock, which was a tiny bit of space next to the first [Queen] of Calanfer’s head. Trey blinked. The hole hadn’t been there—Telim winked at him.
“Hidden Hallways. Spell phrases. Keys. Secret activation requirements like dancing naked under the moonlight.”
Trey smiled. Telim gave him an amused look. The young man wavered.
“Wait, that’s real?”
“You’ve clearly never met the more twisted [Mages] of Wistram. Give a high-level [Exhibitionist] enough levels in [Enchanter]…remind me never to show you how to get into that one.”
So saying, Telim twisted the key, and Trey opened his mouth to ask if they needed to keep this secret, because they were standing in a hallway, and a student could just walk by and—
Pop.
“Aaaaaaah!”
Telim nearly jumped out of his skin. He leapt back from Trey as the young man shouted.
“Dead gods, Troy! Don’t do that to me, lad! It’s just minor teleportation!”
“What—that didn’t feel minor!”
Trey felt at himself. Telim rubbed at his neck, removing the key from the wall and putting it in his pocket. He patted the engraved keyhole on the blank stone wall and shook his head.
“I forget you’re not used to it. I’m sorry. Well…here we are.”
They were on the other side of the wall. Trey looked around, still breathing hard. Then he stopped.
“Uh, High Mage?”
Telim looked around. He smiled at Trey’s expression and patted him on the shoulder.
“I told you. The issue’s not Amerys getting free. Although, frankly, I’m not getting into those politics. The Archmages are keeping her locked up…it’s not something I like. But at this point it’s somewhat inevitable. Amerys being Amerys…there’ll be blood if she gets loose. But it’ll be a vote or someone like Eldavin motioning to free her. Stay close to me and don’t do anything stupid.”
Trey stared up at the first layer of security, then at Telim. The [High Mage] looked up, slightly nervous despite his confidence they were safe. Both men stared up at the first Golem in the hidden area of Wistram.
The first Golem, about eighteen feet tall, with a huge, conical head with multiple eyes set in every direction, and six arms, like some mythical guardian of Greece. Each one holding an enchanted blade.
And there were two Golems. Telim nudged Trey.
“…And those aren’t even the ones in Zelkyr’s last test.”
“I didn’t know Wistram had Golems like—”
Trey didn’t take the Golems of Wistram for granted. Cognita—the serving Golems—he had definite feelings on them. But the biggest Golems who wandered the hallways were just made of clay, sand, steel—towering, but only eight to ten feet tall—already huge, but porters. Most were shaped like people, serving Golems.
