8.62 K
Page 37
Gazi looked like that. At times. But she was tempered by years of knowing Flos. This? Gazi was a Gazer, and she watched Flos with a hint of this passion. But this was closer to blindness.
“Not Eldavin directly, no. Can I walk with you?”
Mena visibly hesitated. She glanced ahead.
“I’m going somewhere private. Up till there is fine, but…”
“You’re making a delivery to the guards. I know. Grand Magus Eldavin has let me visit…her.”
Trey finished Mena’s sentence. The [Bard] turned to him, surprised, then smiling.
“Of course you know. In that case, come with me. Do you know what he’s planning for his Archmage’s coronation? I mean, ceremony? It’s coming up soon.”
Trey shook his head.
“No more than anyone. Does he say anything to you?”
Mena frowned.
“Teura knows, I’m sure. She’s had some of the older mages working hard…but I didn’t hear more. That’s just gossip; don’t repeat it. What do you think of her? Grand Magus Eldavin went to speak with her once, but he hasn’t again.”
“I bring her food. And the guards.”
“That’s you who’s doing it?”
Mena exclaimed. Trey nodded and she laughed and slapped her forehead.
“It all makes sense! The guards tell me someone else has been feeding them properly. I’m glad someone does. You know, the other people doing deliveries don’t even bother checking what they put in the boxes? One packed an entire loaf of bread in and eight raw carrots one time.”
“Really?”
They were chatting as they came to the Creler mural. Trey slapped his forehead as Mena fished for the key.
“You know what? I shouldn’t.”
She smiled sideways at him.
“Don’t be dramatic. It’s not as if you don’t have permission.”
“But the Golems. You know, the wards?”
The [Bard] shook her head. She glanced up at Trey and bowed her head.
“Archmage! No, it’s fine. I have an amulet, and the wards are spelled to ignore it, or that’s what they said.”
Trey smiled, but the back of his neck suddenly prickled. He casually turned his head, nodding.
“Archmage Viltach. Good morning to you as well.”
“Troy. On another…visit?”
The Archmage of Terandria smiled as he passed by Mena and Trey. The young man nodded slightly, suddenly feeling a little…sweaty. Mena just nodded, brushing frazzled hair out of her eyes.
“Just keeping them fed, Archmage.”
“Very good. Don’t let me keep you. Troy—we must speak about Minizi, later. Perhaps a dinner?”
“Perhaps, Archmage. I, uh, have a lesson with Grand Magus Eldavin late.”
Viltach’s expression changed. The friendly, bearded Archmage looked at Trey with…what? Envy? Betrayal? Resignation?
Just a hint of it, for a second, and he nodded ruefully.
“You do have to report to your Grand Magus. Another time, then.”
He passed by, and Mena calmly turned the key in the lock. Trey’s stomach fluttered—but then they were standing in front of the Golems.
“I don’t know how you walk past them alone, even with the amulet.”
She tugged it out of her robes and shrugged as Trey stared at it.
“It’s not exactly hard. They scare the older [Mages], and they’re unsettling—but they wouldn’t go straight to killing you. Honestly, they could open up this Hidden Hallway and no one would get hurt, even if they did wander in here. All these wards? The Golems? Hey, I showed you my amulet!”
She waved an irritated hand as she walked forwards with the floating breakfast boxes, and the two Golems swung down swords to block her way. She lifted it again, and their glowing gem eyes flashed. The two arms rose, and Trey tried to unwet himself. He’d actually come close…
“W-what was that?”
