8.62 K
Page 42
Telim waved a hand. Viltach glanced at Trey, and the young man kept his face as straight as possible. He sighed loudly.
“We know what happened, Telim, roughly. This is private—but it appears Ullsinoi, not trusting to our safeguards, has been trapping this entire area with spells in case someone were to attempt to free Amerys. They planted powerful spells that could have hurt our own guards—”
“We were more clever than that. It’s directional. You walk out for a breath of fresh air, you don’t explode. Now, if you land…so long as no one started hopping there, they were fine! Besides, you’d spot it. Probably. Maybe. Nah, we hid it well.”
One of the [Illusionists] remarked cheerfully. Yolv swore, and the other guards looked at the Ullsinoi [Mages] askance.
“You didn’t think to tell us? We’ve been guarding Amerys—”
Galei interrupted calmly.
“Poorly. You didn’t think about the balcony. Don’t get out of it—you didn’t. That’s why we put a spell there; because we’re on your side. On the window, too.”
What window? The [Mages] present refused to acknowledge Galei’s point. They just glared—and Nailihuiale sighed loudly.
“The point is that one of their spells went off, Telim. Which has led to Ullsinoi condescending to tell us how flawed our security is.”
Galei cast a glance towards Trey. His eyes lingered for a second on the young man.
“…And he proves my point. Visitors. Even feeding Amerys snacks. You want to keep her prisoner? Do it properly.”
Trey jumped as the Centaur pointed at him. Viltach frowned, and Telim muttered.
“This is all…astounding. Astounding! Ullsinoi, helping out directly? But the spell—what happened? Someone did try to get in? Did they turn into silkap or what?”
“No. We know what happened. We did investigate, Telim. Despite what Ullsinoi might think, we’re not idiots.”
Viltach’s eyes rested on Trey for a moment, and the young man waited. This was it. He tried to think of something to say—and Archmage Nailihuaile sighed louder.
“Emirea du Merrimom.”
…Huh? Trey’s mouth opened. Of all the names—Telim started.
“Isn’t that your friend, Troy? What about her? She tried to—”
Nailihuaile lifted a claw.
“No, no. The poor girl. She was the victim. Apparently she feeds birds; the Merrimom estates. Poppingjays or some stupid things. Well, she feeds the seagulls here. She named one ‘Beaky’ or something inane—I say that in past tense, because the child was happily watching her little friend fly around when it must have crapped on the spell or landed for a moment. Ullsinoi blew it into bits.”
Trey’s mouth was open. Galei bit his lip, and the other Ullsinoi [Mages] looked away. Naili turned to Viltach and the others.
“She came to me, screaming, with a handful of bloody feathers in her hands, and when I realized what had happened—”
It was too much. Galei and the other three Ullsinoi [Mages] cracked. His cheeks bulged, and they started laughing so hard the Centaur had to lean on a wall to stand up. One actually went over, she was cackling so hard.
“Oh, for—Galei! This is not a joke!”
Viltach snapped. The Ullsinoi [Mages] kept laughing.
“That’s hilarious! Don’t glare at me! It’s a damn seagull!”
Galei was wiping tears from his eyes. Trey almost laughed himself. He felt his would be hysterical, though.
Poor Emirea. But the luck! One seagull fatality meant that no one had asked questions. However…Viltach turned to the maze, and sighed.
“I suppose we can rethink the security precautions.”
“Yes.”
Galei stood upright, and glanced at Trey, Telim, and nodded to the hallway.
