8.62 K
Page 30
One that Aaron had found somehow, and, in theory…completely secret.
“Lots of different groups are finding out about Earth, then.”
“You have no idea. I’m worried what’ll happen when the truth gets out. Wistram thinks there’s someone looking for us—besides them. Of course, they’re still collecting us like trading cards.”
Her scowl said it all. Thoughtfully, Trey went over to one of the Earth-themed snacks that was always stocked in these rooms. He turned his back to Elena as he spoke.
“Good food, magic, safety…I didn’t know what I was going to find here, but it was better than war and death in Chandrar. Monsters and [Slavers]…”
“They really have lots of [Slaves] in Chandrar? I knew it existed, but…real slavery?”
Elena’s voice was uneasy. Trey looked over his shoulder and saw her appalled expression. He nodded slowly.
“You have no idea.”
The [Beautician] considered a response.
“Fuck.”
Trey turned back to the snacks.
“Mhm. Wistram’s better than that, isn’t it?”
“To some. But it’s still a cage. Nor do I trust Wistram. Honestly, Troy—if you don’t mind it, I’m glad. It’ll wear on you, though. It does after months. If they left us alone I think I’d enjoy it, but they keep prodding. Even Eldavin. I thought he’d be fine, but suddenly he’s asking us way too much—like that conversation about nukes. I don’t feel like this is a home.”
Elena was weary. She represented a vocal part of the Earthers here. Aaron was on the other end; for all its faults, he seemed content to stay. Trey nodded carefully.
“Where would you go if you could go anywhere?”
He stood with her, as someone played some loud music from down the hall. Elena stomped over to the door.
“Hey! Shut the door! There’s [Silence] spells on it for a reason!”
The door closed, and she frowned back at Trey.
“Honestly? Back to Terandria. I have a…friend there. But if not for that—not Chandrar from what you’ve said. Anywhere, though.”
She looked past Trey.
“You know Leon?”
Trey made a face. Elena smiled slightly and brushed at her hair.
“Yes, well…he told us about where he came from. Liscor. Pallass. Invrisil. It sounds amazing. If even half of what he told us was true…I want to see it. I don’t know why he left. Probably all the monster attacks, but that sounded like the inn he was staying at, more than anything.”
“Hm. Yeah.”
The [Sand Mage] chomped down on an éclair and felt like he was gaining weight. He turned back and caught Elena watching him.
“Why? We haven’t made any concrete plans. Everyone’s full of hot air, like Saif claiming he could commandeer a ship if we enchanted his airsoft gun right. Most of us…”
She hesitated.
“…Most of us don’t want to leave badly enough. That’s what I think the problem is. We talk about it, but there’s only a handful of people who’d really leave, even if we got a magic door right here and now. Do you want to leave?”
Elena frowned at Trey, and he stood there, blank-faced. After a long second, the young man looked at Elena.
“Yes. But I agree—at least half of the people here wouldn’t go.”
He glanced out the hallway as some of the Earthers walked by. Poor Sidney, who had seen too much, but who benefitted from Sa’la’s medicine and safety. Malia, the [Thought Healer] who was trying to create something with Elena’s help. Caroline, the [Writer], whose works were reaching a wider and wider audience under her alias of Heartslayi. Erik Muller, the darling of the Aquais faction, the [Actor].
Even Flynn, who was carefully watching as Sidney held Pokey, the Needlehound dog, seemed to like it here. Trey turned to Elena and saw the [Beautician] was inspecting him carefully.
