8.63 K
Page 27
“What was that, Troy?”
Elena turned to Trey as another young man leaned forwards at the table.
“That’s Drassi. I knew her, back in Izril.”
“Yeah, I know, Leon. You said. Where’s your autograph?”
“I don’t have one, but…”
It was the same question, repeated a hundred times. Trey saw some of the others turn away from him, but Elena leaned forwards. So did one of the Earthers close by. A man that Troy had seldom talked to.
“Where would you want to go?”
He asked the question almost idly. Almost. Yet Elena looked at Trey as if it were the first time she had heard the question.
So did the Korean man. Sang-min. He didn’t always eat with the others, possibly due to the language barrier, though he could speak English fairly well, unlike some of the others who were from China or Punjab, not from the cities but more rural areas.
“Sang-min? Would you want to go back to Terandria? You were a [Mercenary], right? Want to borrow my gun?”
Saif had too much bravado—and too much of an ego for someone who happened to be holding an airsoft gun. The [Battlemages] made much of it, but even enchanted, Saif’s gun had all the force of a punch to the face.
And not even a good punch. Sang-min looked at Saif calmly.
“That is not a real gun.”
Saif’s grin faltered.
“No—but if you replaced the ammunition in the cartridge with custom-made enchanted stuff, it could do a lot of damage, Nailihuaile says.”
“So someone has to hand-enchant each bullet? That’s some real dark age shit. You know, they can’t even make steel everywhere?”
Basil remarked sardonically. Saif shrugged defensively.
“It’s not crazy! In this other universe in the future. Okay, do you know Warhammer…?”
“Oh my g—”
They broke off as Elena slapped the table. She was still staring at Trey.
“Go on, Sang-min?”
“Maybe a nice country. There’s too much war around Ailendamus. Where I fought. North. Or Baleros.”
“Why Baleros? It sounds like a hellhole of a jungle to me.”
George chewed on a pancake as he glanced over. Sang-min thoughtfully speared a bit of sausage with his fork.
“Baleros people look more like me. Drath. Maybe they speak my language there. Maybe not.”
“I thought they were Japanese.”
The [Mercenary] shrugged. Trey’s ears perked up as he muttered something that no one understood except maybe George, who tried to [Translate] it.
“…I thought she understood that. An [Emissary] from Drath came here.”
“Really.”
“You spoke to her? Sang-min, it’s a secret—”
The man shrugged. He looked around tiredly, one of many Earthers, but the only one besides Eun who spoke his language. One of the few who didn’t laugh about being an adventurer. He eyed Trey, and the young man nodded at him. Sang-min nodded back.
They recognized each other. Somehow. Trey looked straight into those brown eyes and saw they were haunted. He didn’t know who. He didn’t know where or exactly how Sang-min dealt with it, although it surely had to do with why he was so absent, kept to himself.
Yet Trey looked straight into the [Mercenary]’s eyes and saw someone dead there. Sang-min must have recognized the same on Trey. Elena looked at the two, then focused on Trey.
“Group meeting in thirty. Get everyone. At the place. Be there. No excuses.”
She announced to the table. Some of the Earthers glanced up, and a few groaned.
“Come on! I was going to play magic soccer with some of the [Mages], Elena. They enchanted a new soccer ball and everything.”
“I know Joseph, you know—”
Someone put Leon in a headlock.
“Tell me again, Leon. Tell me you know Joseph.”
Elena ignored them all. She rose, and Trey saw her follow him as he bussed his plates and tray.
 
——
