8.63 K
Page 31
“She’s amazing. She has high levels. She’s fought real monsters. Believe me—if we get her, we’ll be as safe as she can make us. We can trust her!”
“No. You can’t.”
Someone interrupted Elena, and it was the last person Trey expected. He was watching Aaron, who was the one person Trey was almost sure wouldn’t leave. He had expected Aaron to say something and sway the others, but he just sat there.
Wrestling with himself, from the look of it. Both Aaron and Trey looked over and saw a young man rise to his feet.
Leon. He looked bewildered as he turned to Trey and Elena.
“Why do you want to leave? Wistram’s better than anywhere, and trust me, I’ve seen Pallass.”
“We know, Leon. You tell us. You’ve seen the world. I haven’t. I landed in one city and Wistram grabbed me. I want to go. Don’t squeal on the rest of us.”
A sharp voice from Randolph, sitting far from him. Leon glared, but then raised his hands.
“I know it sounds great. But you can’t trust the Singer of Terandria.”
“And why not? You’ve never met her. I know you haven’t, even if you’ve met all the other Earthers you claim to.”
Elena gave Leon a dark glare. The young man just looked at her.
“You can’t trust her. I mean—she might be great. Maybe she really does know a safe place, and she’s high-level. It doesn’t matter. It’s not safe because she’ll die. We all will. I thought I was safe. I…I knew someone who was high-level. The highest-leveled Earther in the entire world. I stayed at her inn.”
Everyone went silent. Trey turned back to Leon as the young man sat there. His detractors and hecklers and people who didn’t like him raised their voices…and hesitated.
Because Leon stood there, and suddenly he seemed lost. He gazed about, and something genuine was in his gaze.
“Her name was Erin. Erin Solstice. She was amazing. She did insane things—she had friends—even the Antinium. She fought monsters, and I knew I’d never be able to measure up to her, or the others. That wasn’t why I left. I could have made something of myself. Everyone did. I left because Erin was all that. She did everything right, and she was tough, and…they shot her. Some Drakes just ambushed her, and shot her dead. Just like our world. She was the best of us, and she’s dead and never coming back.”
He looked around, hands trembling as they clenched. He was shaking.
The room grew silent. Instantly, quiet. The excited, argumentative mood turned into uncertainty at once.
Someone began crying. Sidney. It was too close. Too real. Elena looked at Leon, searching for a rebuttal. But she didn’t have one.
It could happen. She had been there. She had seen it. She looked at Trey, but he was not able to say anything to Leon as well. The young man continued.
“I came to Wistram because I didn’t want to die. You either get lucky and you go somewhere safe and play football like Joseph—or you die. I came to Wistram, but I wasn’t a chosen one here either. Flynn has super-armor. I don’t. I’m not going out there again to get killed.”
Elena stirred. Her eyes sparked, and her sympathy turned to anger for a moment. She pointed at Leon.
“You don’t get chosen. You stand up. That’s what Cara did.”
“Then they put a target on your chest.”
He wasn’t right, but he certainly wasn’t entirely wrong either. The Earthers were split once more. And as if by magic, every eye turned to one person who’d been conspicuously quiet.
“What do you think, Aaron? You’re the person who helped find us all. You’re…the first.”
