8.63 K
Page 40
“I don’t think we were followed, but it’s hard to tell. Something’s…odd, tonight. You know those [Mages] were freaking out about the Golems yesterday?”
“Mhm? I heard they were being removed from key areas. It made my life harder. I was trying to sneak around and prepare a distraction.”
George glanced out the window.
“Us too. There’s a lot of ‘em in the corridors.”
Elena frowned.
“Wait…you made a distraction too?”
George shrugged.
“Well, we paid some [Mages] to help out. It’s just a prank. But it’s weird vibes out there, I’m telling you. Like…you know that funny Centaur guy?”
“Which one?”
“Him. The one who’s helping us?”
“Oh, Galei?”
George nodded. He glanced at the corridor again and licked his lips as he turned to face Elena. He grinned.
“It’s probably an illusion. But I swore I passed him four times on the way here.”
 
——
 
Could you…tell something was off? Gazi didn’t even have to look. She eyed the trotting Centaur. She couldn’t tell if he was an illusion or not, but she kept multiple hallways between her and each Galei.
They were made. Or perhaps it was the Earthers. The Gazer didn’t know, and, to an extent, she didn’t care.
She had factored failure into elements of her plan. What she didn’t like were all the Golems. That…made no sense.
But perhaps it was an element of Naili ordering them away from the key areas. After all—Gazi peeked towards the Creler-murals. She was nearly eight hallways removed and had chosen this vantage spot because these particular walls didn’t obstruct her main eye’s vision.
She could dimly, dimly sense the magical maze in the lounge area, but that wasn’t what Gazi was focused on. She counted.
Two. Two magical, artificial presences. Two Golem hearts.
She couldn’t see into that maze of course, not without being in it, but it was clear the other Gemstone Protectors were gone. Trey’d done the big thing. All he needed now was the key. Gazi was prepared to cause a distraction if need be since they had Goelv.
Multiple elements. She pulled the single-use [Message] scroll from her belt pouch. Slowly, slowly, Gazi moved down the hallway, watching for [Greater Invisibility], for more security from Ullsinoi. They were her opponents. But she was ready. She triggered the [Message] scroll.
They’d have a way out. Gazi moved a bit closer, and the huge eyelid of her main eye lowered slightly.
Wait. What was…?
 
——
 
“With Eldavin gone, we are in charge, still. Nominally. But we fight. You know, Nailihuaile pulled all the Golems but the original two out of the hallways, Troy? Countermanding Ullsinoi, Feor, and myself…but that is how it goes. We squabble.”
Viltach was noticeably…off. His voice wasn’t slurred so much as he was talkative, drowsy. Trey watched him with a pang in his heart as the Archmage fumbled for a seedless grape and popped it into his mouth.
“I don’t see Minizi. Is she coming?”
“She’s coming, Viltach. But tell me more about Amerys. You didn’t want me to see her?”
“Dangerous. She is a dangerous woman. She cannot be freed.”
Trey nodded. Viltach’s head was lolling.
“But she won’t be. Even if someone got to her, she’s all locked up. I saw that. The guards have a key to her mask…”
“Ah! It’s not the one to her shackles! Double—something. Protected. Who gives the key to the [Jailor] who stands right next to the cell? Seems…that always seemed silly in books, don’t you think?”
Viltach went to tap his nose, grinning at Trey. The young man was breathing hard, but he tried to keep as casual as possible as he sipped from his wine cup.
“Yes. Then there is a key somewhere else, isn’t there?”
