8.63 K
Page 37
The reinforced wood and metal had been rebuilt into enchanted gates by the King of Destruction’s Skill. However, there was only so long they could endure bombardment, and even the battering rams that made it to the gates before they were destroyed.
Venith Crusland wore red. Maresar? Not a drop on her.
Teresa Atwood’s arm burned, despite stamina potions. She inhaled, exhaled, as she listened to them talk. Venith Crusland had no speeches. He uttered no fiery words as he turned to the officers present. They had held for eight days. Takhatres, Mars, Orthenon, all were fighting to return and bring a force large enough to break the siege while safeguarding their areas.
Flos Reimarch had told them to hold back. He could have sent Takhatres against this army, but for Hellios and the Gnolls. He could have pulled back and ceded Belchan and retreated—but then they would have come for him on all sides, and he would have lost everything.
Maresar spat casually as she stared into the distance.
“If it were any other battle, they would have already called this a disaster. Even Nerrhavia. They will not relent here. They see an end to this war. Venith. Call it.”
He nodded. The [Lord of Battle] turned to the others and gave a quiet command as he stared into the heart of the city, where people had gathered. Some ran water or supplies or tended the wounded, but most just waited.
Countless souls; some stayed in houses close to the walls because they had no choice. Every citizen from the countryside. Many had taken up arms, but they had lived and died on those walls. Now? He looked at the civilians with not a single combat level to their names and nodded.
“Arm them. We will hold them in the streets once the walls fall.”
Teresa raised her head to say something…looking at the palace. The King of Destruction lay there. She turned and heard a sound go up through the city.
A rending, winding screech of metal. The scream of a spell breaking and a roar from all around them from countless voices.
“The north gate.”
Venith stood. He started running, and Maresar lifted her bow.
“Another hour. Teresa—retreat to the palace if they take the walls. We will bleed them until they run for the death of it or fall, today. Do not throw your life away.”
The [Bandit Lord] stood as Teresa looked at her. She drew her first arrow and launched it skywards. The [Swordswoman] said nothing. She felt it, with that growing instinct that made all the others so quiet.
It would be today, one way or another. The sun was setting as the first gate went down. Then…soon after, the second.
Then one of the walls was breached.
 
——
 
Perhaps they were too slow. He could have been faster. He could have been smarter.
All Trey Atwood knew was that it had begun. All the pieces were in play—or would be soon. Distractions, plans laid, actions set in motion by himself, Gazi, and Calac.
However, one thing remained, and it was simply the end. Amerys. If they reached her—when they reached her, blood or perfect infiltration or chaos or not—
They had to set her free.
There was only one recourse Trey had for that. So he knocked, and carried the bottle of wine carefully under one arm as he put a smile on his face.
After a long, long time, the door opened. The face which appeared in the doorway was familiar. Welcoming.
“Troy, you’re early.”
“I’m sorry, Archmage Viltach. I brought a gift.”
The man blinked down with surprise and gratification.
“Where did you get that? And your amulet? Magnificent magic—you remembered my fondness for wines. Is that…?”
“Amentus wine.”
The Archmage beckoned Trey in, smiling.
