8.63 K
Page 22
“Wistram has achieved the land’s bounty. It explains more, though I cannot speak to any of you easily. Even this might have eyes…but only eyes on my door, not ears for what lies within.”
She gestured delicately at her guest rooms. Trey nodded again.
“…What does it explain, Depth Magus?”
The woman hesitated, perhaps having revealed too much herself. Trey saw her veil move, and one huge, dark eye regarded him. He almost shuddered until he realized it was…pity.
“Death. The Drowned Cities. The ships. We found them—they triggered the alarms. But we could not account for a single one. In a city? Perhaps, though it is beyond unlikely as an accident. But on a ship? Each strand of rope, crew, and rat is counted and marked. So why. Why did we find dead children in the deeps?”
Trey Atwood went cold. He stared at Doroumata, and the Depth Mage sat back.
“You found…?”
“Too far down for us to find much. Yes. It is one of the reasons why we came. To see if Demons or something were doing this. It must end. It will end; Grand Magus Eldavin has seen to it.”
“How? He did? What did he do?”
The [Depth Mage]’s daughters shifted, three of them, but she raised a hand, and they subsided. Doroumata answered for Trey.
“We will manipulate the barriers. Catch them as they come. It is not easy, but he knows the deep wards. A great man. He has sailed below the watery sky.”
Trey nodded carefully. He felt…he pushed the emotions down. He’d tell Gazi later. He met Doroumata’s eyes.
“So you don’t have any Earthers.”
“No. Which makes your proposal all the more curious. Tell me…how many would it be?”
“I don’t know exac—”
“How many?”
Three voices whispered it. Doroumata stared a hole into Trey’s soul, and he flinched.
“Truth and lies are simple spells, but I can use them anyways. You know. How many?”
“…Maybe as many as thirty.”
Five daughters shifted. Doroumata never blinked that he could see behind her veil.
“And you would all want to voyage in the deep? No. No, I can see a lie without magic.”
“Not a lie, Depth Magus.”
“Really? Then how would you reconcile our desires and yours? I have been watching you children. Landfolk all. Maybe one boy loves the sea, but even he has never sailed beneath the waves. I can be cruel and ruthless, but I am not a fool. I do not take fish out of water and expect them to breathe unless I find they have lungs. So above, beneath. Even if I…acted…they would be like here. And Wistram’s cage chafes. Which is why you are here.”
Well-reasoned. She was far more cunning than many [Mages] and…Trey thought…she also thought of the Earthers. He was sweating, but he hadn’t come this far and slipped notes beneath her door to screw up this audience.
Honestly, the ‘notes beneath the door’ thing was a bit embarrassing. The third time Calac had sent her covert messages, one of Doroumata’s daughters had opened the door to tell him to knock it off.
Yet Trey had something Doroumata didn’t, and that was perspective. He spread his hands.
“Depth Magus. Shadeward.”
She started, and one of the daughters smiled at the proper address.
“It’s true that most of us would be unhappy in places that don’t suit us. We aren’t happy here—not all of us.”
The truth. Stick to the truth when you lie around [Mages]. Trey went on earnestly.
“…But it seems to me the Drowned Folk have more of what we might want than anyone else. Freedom. Freedom to move, and travel. Drowned People don’t stay in one place long—but you have for months.”
“True. What is your point? Ahh. Do you mean…?”
