8.63 K
Page 41
“Exactly. The key…the key to Amerys’ shackles is in my possession.”
“Really?”
Viltach nodded, looking around as if they were being watched even here.
“Well, mine, Feor’s, and Nailihuaile’s. Silly damn stuff. None of us trusts the others, so we need three keys. That’s Wistram-logic for you. But only one of us can unlock it. So?”
He shrugged. Viltach unsteadily showed Trey a mithril key with a tiny gem on the handle. Trey’s eyes locked on it. Viltach put it into his bag of holding and patted it slowly.
“…I keep it on me. Feor probably hides his, and Naili too, but there is a scenario where we let Amerys go. If the King of Destruction started winning—one of us would probably slip in, cut her a deal, and let her go. It hasn’t come to that. He’s on the ropes, don’t you see?”
“I do.”
Viltach muttered, head lolling down.
“On the ropes. On the robes. Strange expressions your Earthers come up with. The King of Destruction will die soon, and all will be well. You see that, don’t you? That nightmarish man who slaughters people. Trey. You know…I’ll be glad when that threat is removed. Wistram should be peaceful. Eldavin—Eldavin’s a dangerous man. A genius, but I was sick of war before I even saw one. Life should be peaceful. That’s why I like Terandria. But for Ailendamus, war does not destroy nations. It—it’s stable, you understand?”
Trey looked at Viltach sympathetically. His fingers twitched towards the wine bottle, then he relaxed.
“I understand, Archmage. I would like that too.”
Viltach was shaking his head like a dog, but it was lessening.
“People think I favor Terandria over other continents. I do. Because I’ve always thought it was better. Better than Baleros, filled with bloodshed! Better than Chandrar with horrors—like A’ctelios Salash.”
The young man froze in his seat as Viltach looked up.
“Have you heard of that nightmarish place?”
“I have…I have.”
Viltach shuddered.
“They call it their Shield Kingdom. Izril? Izril is a little better, but the Antinium have infested it, and the Drakes can be so petty…look at Zelkyr. Look at the poor Gnolls. No, Terandria. That’s where my children are.”
“You have children, Archmage Viltach?”
The Archmage of Terandria nodded. He stared down at the table and sighed hard.
“I do. I keep it a great secret…because Wistram is so political. I have a family. I…I visit them as often as I can. I spend months in Terandria, when events like Earthers aren’t happening. I wish my children liked me. Some do. Some…I have made mistakes. But Wistram is also my home.”
“Can’t you put the two together?”
Viltach shook his head.
“Some of my children have no talent for magic.”
“Oh.”
The Archmage laughed.
“From me! And I’m…Archmage Viltach. Can you imagine what Naili would do, that serpent? That—they wouldn’t be happy. So I kept the two divorced. Which led to a divorce.”
His face fell.
“Which led to them hating me.”
“I’m sorry, Viltach.”
Trey looked at the man. The Archmage gave him the most rueful, melancholy of grins. He filled his cup with wine and the other with water and sipped from both.
“You know, Trey. I liked you. I thought of you like a second son—no, that’s an exaggeration. I thought of you like a young man and treated you like a son.”
“Thank you, Viltach.”
Trey’s head lowered further with the weight of his guilt. Viltach closed his eyes. His breathing was quieter now, and he slumped backwards.
“I truly did like you. Not just for magic. Nor just for any of that. Just you.”
“I’m sorry.”
The man sat back, head staring at the ceiling. His hand moved towards the wine bottle, and he murmured under his breath.
