8.63 K
Page 45
Then they noticed her sword. The [Mages] turned. A few backed away. Now Minizi was caught, but it was okay. She was clumsy, but she raised her sword.
A [Mage] stared blankly up at her as she found a random target. Well, not-so-random. Mage Rievan of the Libertarians was just about to head to the party—he’d pulled a Telim and raided an entire banquet table.
“What is wrong with this Golem? It’s got a sword—”
He hesitated. Then his eyes grew round as Minizi raised the sword. Feor’s head turned.
What did you see? Minizi saw the [Mage] staring at her, backing up, fumbling for a spell, but—shocked. Confused. He didn’t expect this, but it was the nightmare crawling in the back of his every thought when he looked at Cognita or Golems.
But it didn’t…happen. What did you see?
A Lifesand Golem? Minizi very much doubted it. What the students and [Mages] saw was probably one of the serving Golems, a ceramic-clad Golem. With a sword.
A Golem of Wistram has been destroyed.
Feor remembered what that Golem had said. His eyes locked on the Golem with the blade in the slow dawning realization.
Why would Gazi need to destroy a Golem? Why would any cunning infiltrator alert anyone? Minizi hadn’t gotten it—until Trey had begun gluing the shattered Golem’s pieces back into place.
Lifesand could fill anything. Become anything. It was hard to walk and move in this false shell, but Minizi didn’t have to do much. She raised the sword—
And stabbed Rievan in the stomach. He made a sound, falling backwards—it wasn’t even a good stab. But Minizi kept stabbing, until a spell blasted her across the ground.
In the silence one of the students lowered a smoking wand. The air was filled with a panicked silence, as people tried to figure out what was happening. Give them a second and they might—until someone screamed an alternate take into their midst.
“The Golems are attacking! The Golems are rebelling!”
Another serving Golem was trudging over to help Mage Rievan up. It was bending down with a healing potion in hand when two dozen spells blasted it apart. The people far from the actual scene began to panic at the scream, and the shouts were picked up and repeated.
Who had shouted it at first? Feor raised his voice to shout the truth, but too late. The first panicked [Mages] opened up on the Golems in the banquet hall, and then it was chaos.
Who had shouted that? Some panicked idiot?
The woman with the dark veil slowly walked out of the chaotic banquet hall. One of Doroumata’s daughters smiled. No one suspected someone who never spoke to shout. She quickened her pace. Things were going wrong, but their part in it remained the same.
 
——
 
An alarm began to ring as the Earthers looked at each other. Elena went pale and went for the door.
“What do we do? Did he betray us? W-what do we do, Elena?”
“The Earth-only rooms? We should hide! We should—”
The door opened. The Earthers froze and saw a figure standing there. He had…blonde hair, silver armor, and behind him was a half-Elf. And a Dwarf.
Ylawes Byres looked at the Earthers. He cleared his throat.
“Excuse me. We’re the Silver Swords. We’ve been hired to get you to a ship.”
Falene was groaning with apprehension, but Dawil and Ylawes had been talking with that friendly young man, Carn, and they were Gold-rank adventurers. In the chaos, the Earthers began their escape.
 
——
 
Golems under attack.
Somewhere a continent away, a Truestone Golem stopped paging through the Hundred Thousand Tomes academy for books on Zelkyr and Golems. She was going to have to pay a visit to Illivere.
