8.63 K
Page 10
Calac ventured. Gazi stared at him, and the young man quailed a bit before that huge eye. Everyone did. You thought you’d been stared at hard by someone before? Try an eye half the size of your face staring at you without blinking.
“I have been eating food underwater for over a month. Raw fish. In the ocean. Preserved rations. Underwater. What is that?”
“A puff pastry?”
“What is that substance inside it?”
Another thing about Gazi—she saw everything. Noticed everything. However, she didn’t understand everything, so she was actually very cautious and demanded to know what whipped cream was before she had one of the dough treats filled with sugar that Telim loved so much.
Trey watched Gazi. Calac watched Gazi with as close to hero worship as Trey had ever seen.
Minizi? She peeked around Gazi from behind Trey’s bed. One of Gazi’s eyes was rolled up in her head, watching the Golem.
“You made a Lifesand Golem after me.”
“I, uh—uh—yes? I was bored and I made a lot but she—Minizi—stuck.”
Trey turned beet red as Gazi regarded him. The Gazer smiled, peeling apart the hamburger to inspect each section.
“I see. What is this…white stuff? I have never seen it before.”
“Um. Mayonnaise. Egg yolks and oil and such.”
“Hm.”
That was all she said. The Gazer licked the mayonnaise experimentally and smacked her lips. Which was such a normal thing to do, it didn’t fit Gazi Pathseeker.
Trey had often thought this privately, but even more now that he had been to Wistram and seen every species represented save for the myriad of Drowned Folk, Gnolls, and Fraerlings in person.
Of the known, civilized races of this world—Gazers were the most alien. He did not think this just because he had seen A’ctelios Salash and the parallels.
There was something different about Gazers. A lack of a nose, for one thing. The only species who had an equivalent were Lizardfolk and Drakes, but they had lizard-like nose holes and that distinctive reptilian cast to their face. Or draconic, if you didn’t want to make the Drakes mad.
Garuda also lacked noses, but they had beaks, which were arguably the same thing. Minotaurs?
No, that was it. Each species was patterned after some ancient ancestor. Many humanoids echoed monkeys. Drakes and Lizardfolk, reptiles. Garuda? Birds. Minotaurs—cows.
What were Gazers made in shape of? Where did they come from? 
Such an alien woman, and she was the only known Gazer who had served Reim in the spotlight. One of her kind, half-Gazer, and the rest of her species in Baleros. Yet…she was here, and Trey was relieved.
Gazi smiled as she recompiled her burger and took a bite. She was watching as Calac spread out the maps, explaining what they’d learned. And how they’d failed. Gazi calmly looked at the shamefaced [Lord]’s expression.
“It was never easy, Calac Crusland. Focus on the next attempt. It will be our first and last.”
That was as encouraging as she ever got, and she spoke in that deliberate, quiet way that was all too ominous. Yet Calac seemed to take heart from it. He glanced at Trey, and the young man saw the complete trust in his eyes.
Of course. He was looking at a living legend. One of the Seven. Trey was reassured, but only because he liked Gazi.
He couldn’t help but remember the fact that she claimed to be the weakest of the Seven in levels. Also…that, until recently, someone had poked her eye out.
“So. They’ve trapped the hallways. Six Guardian-class Golems. Gembound Protectorate. Wistram’s old Golems, it must be.”
Gazi’s eyes fixed on the map. Trey stirred.
“Is that their name? Do you know them?”
