8.63 K
Page 43
“Lady Pathseeker. You’re good at seeking. Less so at hiding. What now? Tag or hide-and-seek?”
She turned and saw four [Mages] including Galei facing her down the hallway. The Centaur smiled and calmly lit one of Palt’s signature cigars.
 
——
 
“He’s late. So’s Emirea.”
Calac checked the sun, and Goelv started.
“It’s only a few minutes past the sun going down the horizon. Maybe they’re delayed?”
“I don’t like it. This feels like a bad storm brewing.”
Tov stared at the door. Calac didn’t want to say it, but he thought the Drowned Man was right. Then…he heard a quiet knock.
They should have done a secret knock or something, but Calac was just relieved to hear someone knocking at all. Actually—why did you have a secret knock? He thrust the door open.
“There you a—”
“[Paralysis].”
A wand poked him on the chest, and he went over backwards. Calac’s mouth was open in shock, and Tov and Goelv froze as a figure slithered into the room.
The reason you had a secret knock was to let you know if it was a trap. Revivialist [Mages] followed the Star Lamia into the room, and Calac, staring at the ceiling, heard a plaintive cry.
“Don’t hurt them!”
A girl clung to Beatrice’s hand, staring at Calac in horror. The Archmage stunned the other two young men and then slithered back to pat Emirea on the head.
“We won’t. They’ve been very bad, but you were brave to come to me, Emirea. Now, where is Troy?”
She looked around, eyes meeting Calac’s. The young man stared up at her as his heart sank.
 
——
 
It was all going bad. Viltach looked at Trey sympathetically. He raised a finger to his forehead.
“Yes, I have him, Nailihuaile. You caught the others? Well done. I have been aware of the problem for over a month. And you? Today? Well, Ullsinoi can confirm my account. Yes, I thought that might make you happy.”
Component parts or not, squabbling [Mages] or not—the pieces were falling down. Trey Atwood sat there, as Viltach rose with a sigh.
“Ullsinoi’s run into someone. Her. No wonder you never backed out. But there’s four Archmages and an army of [Mages] between her and Amerys. So long as that rune is active, you won’t leave, and your friends are hostage too. I don’t take chances, Trey. I am sorry.”
“You…you could let us leave.”
Viltach looked at Trey blankly.
“I really couldn’t. It isn’t just that I oppose Flos, or that I fear what he’ll do. He’s dangerous, Trey. He has killed countless innocent people with his damned wars. Don’t you see what he does? I don’t take chances with him. And in case you’re wondering—I switched the key to Amerys’ lock. Nailihuaile and Feor can’t let her out. The key is hidden, and I won’t remember where it is until tomorrow.”
Trey’s mouth opened wide in horror.
“What?”
Viltach gave Trey an apologetic shrug.
“I read every book on breakouts I could find. Why bother letting you even open the lock? Her bindings are secure. I’m taking one last precaution too, incidentally.”
It was Viltach. He was the most dangerous Archmage. Not because he was as cruel as Nailihuaile. He was someone who made wands. Who made sure a plan, an object, was flawless.
Trey had made a plan. Viltach had made a plan. The Archmage, the thorough man, raised his wand to his throat and spoke.
His voice was on a delay—then Trey heard a reverberation through the room. Through…Wistram.
“I am Archmage Viltach of Wistram. Troy Atlas and Carn…Carn…”
He hesitated.
“Troy and Carn are agents of the King of Destruction, attempting to free Archmage Amerys. If you see either one, do not let them escape.”
He hesitated, lowered the wand, and Trey stared at him. Viltach shrugged.
