8.63 K
Page 46
But as the alarm reached her, Cognita Truestone’s head slowly rose, and her features changed.
“Those fools.”
Her eyes narrowed as she sensed Golems under attack. They were retreating in the face of panicked spells, many glancing off the Golems’ armor. Retreating…from their attackers.
A hauler-Golem stopped as a mage tried to blast the huge stone figure to pieces. The [Mage] had been casting spells wildly, perhaps even realizing the Golem wasn’t actually attacking and relishing the chance to damage—
The Lizardman looked up as the Golem’s impassive face suddenly turned…hostile. He backed up too slowly. The Golem calmly grabbed the [Mage]’s leg and swung him into a wall.
“Dead gods. They are att—”
Another [Mage] shouted in alarm—right before a serving Golem dropped its tray and put her into a chokehold. More and more Golems began to stop retreating and advanced. Cognita’s eyes narrowed.
Enough was enough. She sent a second command as her eyes began to glow, and one of Nerrhavia’s [Librarians] appeared with a stack of books. He took one look at Cognita, put the stack of books down, and ran. The Golems began to restore order. They were also going to find the intruder. And that meddlesome little Lifesand Golem.
And that stupid boy.
 
——
 
They threw themselves into the breach. The defenders and the attackers. Bleeding. Dying for a cause worth everything.
Somewhere, the Academy of [Mages] was in uproar. All to rescue one woman who sat in a guarded cell, watching and waiting.
Risk your very life for someone else. For a cause. It seemed nonsensical.
Yet she knew the feeling.
Honor. Respect. Fame. People laughed and said you could not eat these things, could not use them.
Yet they defined her. She was a name.
Tannousin. The small clan whose name was known and spoken louder than some petty nations because of what they wrought.
Naq-Alrama steel. Magic in their hammers.
Pride in the craft. That was her entire existence, the foundation of their clan.
Now it was in ruins.
The last true Naq-Alrama [Smith] was dead. His final work a failure. The secrets lay with her clan, with the elders, but their name was black with lies and failure.
She was Nawalishifra Tannousin. Daughter of the last [Smith] to ever forge a blade of Naq-Alrama steel.
It was not her fault she had failed her first forging. The metal had been bad to begin with. Bad metal had still slain a Djinni. It was not her error, as Teresa Atwood pointed out.
But the blame weighed on her. It was hers, so long as she wore Tannousin’s name and mantle. Nawalishifra knew that.
Such a heavy thing. Such an unfair thing. She could walk away at any time. All she had to give up was everything that defined her.
The [Smith] had left her forge. Her steps were unsteady. They actually cracked the old stone in places. She was sweating under the fading sun.
Feverish. Sick at heart. Tired.
But she kept walking.
They flooded the breach. Reim and Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Blood was spilling from cloth and flesh. Nawal walked forwards as she saw the citizens being armed. Ready to fight and die.
Not for her. She could almost taste it in the air. Blood and iron. Death.
She walked straight for that gap in the walls. The defenders paid her little mind at first. The attackers? They had eyes for swords, for the enemy.
It was wet on the ground. Blood. So much of it, and the dead bodies, that both sides were clearing it away. Nawal stared down with a shudder.
