8.63 K
Page 13
The Star Lamia scoffed. Feor and Verdan, far older than the other two Archmages, both chorused instantly.
“Yes.”
Viltach looked at them, as surprised as Naili. It was Verdan who explained. The old man coughed and rubbed at his armor. Did he sleep in the stuff?
“You do not remember, but Cognita has historically…dealt with all intruders to Wistram. Decisively. So quickly she would announce they were found—and dead—before we knew they were here. She is Wistram’s first, last, and only security needed. I didn’t think to consider what her absence means.”
“We still have every Golem but her.”
Viltach pointed out reasonably. Verdan shrugged.
“Yes, and they will most likely counter intruders—but Cognita is intelligent. It is one thing to send one of the most advanced Golems on a hunt. Another for Cognita to lay a trap and kill her opponent. There was an incident where one of our High Mages offended the Guild of Assassins in Baleros. I think they sent fifteen [Assassins] before they gave up. Cognita Truestone killed [Archmages]. Almost nothing gets past her.”
“Of course, they just assassinated the [High Mage] once he left Wistram.”
Feor muttered, sotto voce. Verdan nodded.
“Cognita does not care. Her authority begins and ends in Wistram. So we are on our own.”
Nailihuaile listened to her elders talk and rolled her eyes.
“Alright, we’re alone and we don’t have Auntie Cognita to hold our tails and wipe for us. There’s an intruder in Wistram? Who? An [Assassin] evening a score? A [Thief]? Or…”
She glanced at Viltach.
“…Was that trap spell Ullsinoi kicked up a fuss about not an accident after all? Maybe poor Emirea’s seagull was an accidental casualty and there really was something going on.”
Viltach kept his face straight as he watched the others for reactions. Verdan frowned, looking genuinely confused.
“What seagull?”
Feor calmly tapped his lips.
“We have already implemented their suggestions. The students and younger [Mages] might soon notice the Creler-mural hallway is open.”
“At least my [Mages] will stop complaining. They can damn well get their own food if we increase the guard.”
The Star Lamia rolled her eyes. Viltach agreed with that. Verdan raised a hand.
“Why did we open the Mershi-lounges? I thought the point was to keep it all hidden. Secure!”
“The what?”
All three other Archmages instantly turned and focused on Verdan. The Archmage of Armor compressed his lips instantly.
Naili’s eyes lit up.
“Is that what it’s called? Mershi? As in, Mershi, the City of Stars?”
Verdan refused to say anything else. Viltach didn’t need to write that down; he was going to remember that. He suspected Verdan had accidentally let slip a Major Secret.
Well, well, well. This meeting was productive after all. Feor eventually lifted a hand.
“Let’s keep our eyes open. I suggest we all do a bit of investigating. Amerys is under heavy guard. But…why not make absolutely sure, rather than leave it to Ullsinoi?”
The other Archmages looked at him, and the old Archmage proposed an idea that they all could instantly agree on. Secrets and knowledge—it was a weapon. Viltach knew Verdan and Feor had the drop on him and Nailihuaile, but he had one thing they didn’t. Perspective on what was happening.
The only question was—what did you do with it? Viltach had been wondering, wrestling with that for a while. But he had a feeling his window to make his decision was rapidly running out.
 
——
 
The problem with heroes was that they let you down. Even if it was just by being mortal and not flying into the sun to punch it out of orbit.
Gazi failed.
