8.63 K
Page 21
He had already made one plan with Calac for a distraction. Now? Trey expanded it. It was beyond risky, but he thought he had a shot. For one main reason.
He knew people, and he knew people who didn’t really like mainstream Wistram. Also, he knew a guy.
 
——
 
Tov was that guy. The Drowned Man gulped down a lot of water to keep his fish-half hydrated. He and Trey were standing on a balcony outside of Wistram. No scrying spells, no prying ears. They stared over at the surf and watched as a screaming student leapt off a higher balcony, trying to slow their descent. Both winced as they heard and saw the terrible bellyflop.
“If you want privacy?”
“Yep. Privacy. Absolute secrecy.”
Tov glanced at Trey, as serious as could be. The Drowned Man wasn’t sociable—mainly because he was a Drowned Man. He kept a lot of customs of the sea, and he had few friends. Trey was one of them, so he mulled Trey’s question over for a long time before sighing and replying.
“Ask her to swear by hull and ward. No…ask her to swear by Tillaevae’s hull and ward for privacy, deal or not. Make sure she swears not to tell.”
“What’s Tillaevae?”
“A ship. Not her ship, but one of the great ships of the deep. As close as we have to a city. She probably maintains the wards herself. If one of us swears by that and breaks the oath—”
Tov shook his head with a shudder.
“She wouldn’t break it.”
Trey nodded.
“Thanks, Tov.”
The Drowned Man looked at Trey, seriously.
“Don’t thank me. I’m warning you again. Don’t talk to her. Depth Magus Doroumata is not…she’s as to an Archmage to us as yours are to landfolk, understand? I don’t know why she’s stayed around, but don’t bother her. Seriously, Troy.”
He caught Trey’s arm, and his touch was sticky, but Trey just met Tov’s eyes calmly.
“I’ll be careful, but I need to speak to her. How much do I owe you?”
It was a big, big secret. Not one of Wistram’s, so Tov turned away, embarrassed.
“Pay me in gold or something. Or a big secret of your own.”
He stared at the crashing waves moodily for a moment—until he heard the clink and glanced back to see Trey counting gold pieces into a pouch. A lot of gold pieces. Tov’s eyes widened, and Trey realized he was never going to fit all of them in the bag. So he pulled out a carefully wrapped item so as not to break it and showed Tov a glowing opal.
“Will this settle it?”
The young man looked at Trey.
“What are you…yes, salt me! You don’t have to pay me—how did you get that?”
“I’ve got a few big secrets of my own. And I want to square up, Tov. Being Eldavin’s apprentice has some perks.”
Trey handed the young man the opal and gold. He walked off, leaving Tov staring at his back.
 
——
 
Depth Mage Doroumata would have taken the goth world by storm if only she had met them. She dressed in abyssal black, as did her daughters. Identical daughters. Descendants of a Starfish Drowned Woman.
Also, someone who had gone toe-to-toe with Eldavin. One of the great [Mages] of the sea.
Yet she had stuck around for far longer than her entry into Wistram, and there was only one reason why that Trey could see.
“Earthers. Since we swear to keep all secret…tell me. You are what they call Earthers, aren’t you? A boy from another world?”
Doroumata spoke…no, Trey saw the dark veil behind one of the daughters flanking her move. They spoke for her.
It was eerie, but Trey kept his back straight and his hands folded behind him.
“Yes, Depth Magus.”
She sighed.
