8.63 K
Page 9
The Protector-class Golem looked at Viltach. The Archmage realized it couldn’t speak and was looking around when he was disabused of that notion. The Golem’s mouth opened, revealing a disconcertingly marble, uncarved opening. A puppet’s mouth, and the voice was equally unsophisticated. Yet it did speak.
“A Golem is destroyed. An intruder is in Wistram.”
Viltach stared up at it. The Protector-class Golem waited as the Archmage’s mouth moved.
“Who? What? Did you catch it?”
The Protector-class Golem stared at him. It repeated itself.
“A Golem is destroyed. An intruder is in Wistram.”
Viltach hesitated.
“Yes, but where? Who? How many? What’s the context?”
The Protector-class Golem stared at him, and the Archmage realized—with Cognita gone? He’d opened a bottle of wine to celebrate that monster’s absence. Now, he began to wonder if her absence was a bad sign.
An intruder is in Wistram. Viltach closed his eyes.
It had begun.
 
——
 
“There is a reason my King sent no great army to take Wistram. Or even a smaller group. He could not afford to send so many. Also? Unless he had his armies from before his slumber, there is no guarantee we could triumph. I knew this—but I was sure the moment I began my surveillance and study of the academy. There is a Golem buried at the base of the academy. Under water. It could wipe out a standard, unenchanted warship on its own. It is so vast it would be called half-Giant class.”
“So…”
“As large as Zamea.”
“D-does that imply there’s a Giant class? Or bigger?”
“Yes. But that Golem was made by the greatest Archmage in the field at the time. And it is not alone. There are more, buried there. I cannot kill them. I do not need to. Tell me about the layout of Amerys’ prison again.”
Gazi Pathseeker looked at Calac and Trey’s map. She had a map of her own. She sat in Trey’s room, and he remembered why he had not called for her instantly.
It was simple. Trey respected Gazi. He liked her. He felt very conflicted about her, but he saw her good qualities that she liked to hide behind her scary mask and reputation.
However, because he knew her, he also knew that she was terrifying. Trey had convinced Calac not to call on her at first because it was risky, because she might be noticed and then the game would be up and they’d be really out of time. However, Calac had agreed because Trey thought he understood the same thing he did.
When Gazi moved, people would die. And Wistram’s [Mages] didn’t deserve that, by and large. He had missed her, though. She was intelligent, scary…
And, currently, on her third pie. The Gazer licked her fingers; she hadn’t taken off her gauntlets, but she reached for another bowl of food.
“This is good. Earth food?”
“Um. Yes. Do you want more?”
One of her five eyes swiveled towards him. Another fixed his bag of holding with a pointed look.
“Yes. What are those round things with multiple components?”
“H-hamburgers? It’s just an Earth food.”
“I will eat them.”
Trey looked at Calac. The young man had heard rumors of Gazi, as had Trey, but neither of them quite remembered ‘Gazi the Omniscient’ also being known as ‘Gazi the World Champion Food Eater’.
However, the half-Gazer woman was chomping down food as fast as she could while she stared at their map and hers. Trey unpacked the hamburgers, grateful Wistram’s [Mages] didn’t blink twice at you stealing food from the buffet line.
“Are you hungry, Lady Gazi…?”
