8.63 K
Page 30
Caroline exclaimed. She looked at him as if horns were growing out of his head. Basil nodded, sheerly uncomprehending, but Trey barely focused on him. He was counting.
There were plenty of voices. Elena shouted.
“Let Troy explain. Shut up. This isn’t a game. Shut up—”
“This is a democracy!”
“Shut the hell up, George.”
Trey waited for silence. When he spoke, it wasn’t to Caroline, or George, or Basil, but to the people who were watching him and taking this seriously, not grinning like children.
Duha, Shun, Sang-min, Justin, Lamont, a young man he didn’t recognize fingering a cross, Elena…
He looked past them at Aaron Vanwell and saw the disturbed look on the [Magictech Engineer]’s face. Not him, then.
“I can’t guarantee where we’ll go. But anyone who wants to go—there will be a place and a time. Tomorrow.”
“Tomorrow?”
Elena recoiled. He hadn’t told her that. The others just stared at Trey.
“Wait. You’re serious?”
Leon spoke into the silence. There were laughs, but Trey just kept meeting the eyes of the people who were listening.
“Absolutely. The reason why I didn’t tell anyone is because…it has to be fast. It has to be now, before anyone chickens out.”
“Before anyone spills the beans.”
“I hate your American expressions.”
“Who’s going to tell? Are you going to go? This is crazy. Who’s taking us?”
“I can’t say. If you’re in, you’ll know more. If not? Just don’t tell anyone.”
And then everyone had to know more details, which Trey refused to tell them. Some of them got in his face, but he held his ground. An angry guy or girl was not exactly the King of Destruction shouting at you.
“I can’t tell you where we’re going or how. I can only tell you—I’m leaving. I have to. No matter if it’s uncertain or risky. Don’t volunteer unless you’re certain. But if we do leave—we might be able to go anywhere in the world. Then we’ll be on our own. You can go your way alone or find others. That’s the deal.”
That was the promise. Trey hoped Doroumata would keep it. Elena rose, and everyone turned to her, listening. The [Beautician] scanned the room, and when she nodded, it was tiredly.
“I’m going. I hope some of you will go with me. I’ve been trying to get everyone to go…but that was never going to happen. I realized that, but Troy convinced me. Listen. I’m going to go, and if you don’t want to, that’s fine. But if there’s any loyalty, any friendship—don’t tell anyone we’re going. If I get out, I’ll take anyone who wants to go with me to Terandria.”
“Why there?”
Elena looked around. She hesitated, her eyes scanning the room, and she bit her tongue, thinking hard.
“Because I know Cara, the Singer of Terandria. And she…is helping more of us. That’s all I’ll say. I came here to see what Wistram was like for her. Some of you know that. If we can get to her, we’ll be freer and happier than Wistram. Maybe not safer, but that’s what I’m doing.”
Uproar. Trey silently looked at Elena. Someone else on a mission. Now, even the people who had every reason to stay in Wistram were looking uncertain, like Sidney. Elena was the mother, in a way, who helped take care of them. Some of the Earthers didn’t want Elena to go, but she was adamant.
“I want to help Cara. I don’t like Wistram. You’ve all seen what Eldavin did, haven’t you? He’s the best Archmage of the lot. I am not staying if there’s a chance of going and…that’s all I have to say about that.”
“You know the Singer of Terandria? What’s she like? Can we trust her?”
Caroline demanded eagerly. She’d flipped so fast once she heard that, Trey had whiplash. Elena smiled.
