8.63 K
Page 29
“Do you have a plan for it? [Dispel Magic]?”
“I doubt that works. It’s probably cast by a high-level [Enchanter], or maybe it’s not even directly bound to us. They can do that, you know.”
“Then how do you fix it?”
Trey scratched at his head. He spoke, too-casually. Too calmly. But that was why Elena believed they had a shot. He had confidence. He had a plan.
“If I were a [Mage], I’d have to do something complicated. Eldavin told me ‘first detect, then dispel’. You’d make some kind of sensor-net—that’s how I think of it. You make sure there’s nothing on you, then the air around you, then you make a kind of huge net if you’re checking an area. And then you look for invisible, hanging spells like distant hexes. They can be a mile up. And once you’ve found them all—you hope you’ve found them all—you can figure out how to get rid of them or trick them.”
“Dead gods. That sounds like a nightmare. Hacking and counter-hacking.”
Elena muttered. Trey gave her a rueful grin.
“I think only Eldavin and a few others can actually do that. He teaches me how it’s done properly—I bet it’s not even that sophisticated, what’s done to us. But I can’t find or counter them.”
“So…?”
Trey scratched at his chin, unconcerned.
“So we’ll get someone else to take care of it.”
The [Beautician] waited. Trey didn’t elaborate. She took a surprised breath.
“You are serious.”
“I am.”
He met her eyes, watching her almost as carefully as she was inspecting him. Elena grinned.
“I can tell. You look like her when you have a plan. She clams up too.”
“Who?”
“Cara.”
Trey blinked in surprise. Elena walked around the room and went to a cupboard. She checked the contents, looked back at him.
“I haven’t exactly been slouching, you know. I’m ready. We’ll see how many people are in. Some won’t be. We’ll have to swear the others to secrecy.”
What will you do if they tell the [Mages] the rest of us are going? Her eyes asked Trey, but she didn’t quite say it out loud. She knew he had to be thinking of that if he had a real plan, so she assumed Trey had a counter.
What Trey couldn’t tell her, what weighed on his conscience, was his reply.
I’m sorry, Elena. I’m counting on it.
 
——
 
“Yo, someone tried to get in. Not one of us.”
The Earthers’ secret room was crowded. Packed. Every single one of them was here. When Elena called, they came. They knew something was up.
Elena looked around sharply as she tried to keep order.
“How do you know?”
“Scorch marks. Someone got zapped by Aaron’s security. It actually works.”
A hand pointed at the entrance. Trey’s hair rose slightly. Elena gave him a quick glance and murmured.
“Maybe someone just saw one of us going in.”
“What’s this about, anyways? Someone said there’s a big plan?”
Eun was sitting with Sang-min. It was interesting; many of the Earthers kept together. With people from or close to their countries, if they were minorities, but they also had their friends, who sat next to them.
And enemies. And people who didn’t get along at all, like Saif and Sang-min. Or Erik and Haley, [Actor] and [Squire], for reasons which Trey didn’t know at all.
He didn’t know them well. He hadn’t made close friends with any and only knew Elena from their conversations. Perhaps it was self-defense. Trey felt like he’d known from the start he wouldn’t stay with them.
And this…he felt too calm. Was it the [Plotter] in him taking over? Or just the fact that when he spoke, when they shouted and asked questions and argued—
He wasn’t invested?
“Escape? Are you crazy? Do you know what’s out there? There are people hacking each other to bits!”
