8.63 K
Page 2
The roar came for him. The dizzy [Soldier] felt the Hemp-soldiers jerk into sudden motion. They looked at each other, uncertain, but the [Line Captain] heard the order from the distant command tents and roared.
“[Obey Me: Forward March]! [Get in Formation]!”
Simple, low-level Skills, but they worked. Eribis felt himself moving forwards, and realized he was out of place. Like someone had drawn a ruler—Bast’s 14th suddenly began moving in orderly rows, not a disordered mass.
Straight at the walls. Eribis began to sweat. He realized what they meant when they said war was hot. It wasn’t just the heat of the sun, or the weather. He felt like he was burning up. His heart was in overdrive, and he longed to have someone stitch it up, make it bigger, cool him down.
It was too hot. Eribis heard the other Hemp soldiers gasping around him. One of them—an older [Veteran] who didn’t make the cutoff for a better regiment—was muttering.
“The King of Destruction falls. Heroes. We’ll be heroes…”
Eribis listened, along with everyone around him. That was what the [Great General] had proclaimed on the eve of the first attack. This was the end of the King of Destruction. Eribis felt the moment in the air. Yet…he looked up.
Eight days, and they hadn’t even breached the walls.
They’d tried. There were four spots where the walls had caved in when magical artillery and spells had blasted holes through, but the damned towers had destroyed the siege towers, even countered the [Mages]. And then—when they’d put two dozen holes in the walls the first time, the King of Destruction had used his Skill. The walls had risen, the gaps mended.
Higher. Thicker.
Now—they loomed forty feet tall. Even so, Nerrhavia’s Fallen had countered that. They’d brought fifty-foot ladders. The siege towers kept being destroyed before they could roll towards the walls, but Reim couldn’t stop ladders from every direction.
Eribis saw Reim was surrounded as Bast’s 14th marched. They jogged, looking up at the towers, moving faster despite their armor and exhaustion from standing tense so long. Better to get to the walls than face annihilation like that.
The towers did not glow. And Eribis looked at the walls and saw how each division was throwing itself up the ladders. Entire groups of [Archers] were skirmishing with the walls, and [Mages] were throwing spells up, rotating out once they’d taken too many casualties.
But the infantry kept coming. Multiple attackers for every defender on the wall, and even as Eribis watched, he saw a knot of [Soldiers]—enemy soldiers, flesh [Soldiers]—scream and break apart as a bolt of lightning struck them. Shouting Hemp-warriors took the walls, and Eribis stared at them.
We’ll win. Nerrhavia had put three vast armies into one. This was a force to wipe Reim out and end this battle. He’d receive his victor’s allotment, and he’d say he was there. He’d helped claim the King of Destruction’s head. He might even be promoted to Cotton or Silk; after great victories, entire divisions had received that honor if they were the ones who took the city…
“Ladders up! Ladders up!”
The [Line Captain] snapped him out of his daydream. Eribis turned and saw the ladders rising as dozens of Hemp-soldiers dragged them up. He stared upwards and, at last, he made out the faces of the soldiers on the walls.
