8.63 K
Page 47
It was said of Chandrar that there was more blood than water. Which was true. This was the King of Destruction’s war. She was insignificant—and she had failed to deliver him his weapon.
So here they were. At last, Nawal found her spot and put down her burden. Her bones themselves felt bruised. A passing [Soldier] running forwards looked at her. At the…anvil placed on the ground.
Slowly, the young woman reached into a bag of holding and drew something out. A single, pure bar of steel.
As pure as she could make it. She looked at the single bar of steel and the anvil. Clean. Other [Smiths] saw Tannousin as obsessed with it. With purity and a perfection nigh-impossible to reach.
Every ritual Nawal knew was aimed towards keeping the metal pure. Towards preserving some quality, refining in voids without air, flame without heat.
Everything else was so…dirty to her. It became an obsession.
Yet there was no clan to support her and make these things happen. They had fled. Nawal was alone.
The last [Smith]. She could not remake the Naq-Alrama steel, not now, under siege. Not alone.
Slowly, painfully, Nawal bent. Her muscles tore and screamed. Her eyes were heavy for lack of sleep. She felt a terrible fear gnawing away at the dead rest of her.
Yet—
Also, relief. Nawal bent down, and the gleaming bar of metal slowly touched the blood running from the ground. The surface covered itself with grit and blood and filth.
The [Smith] smiled, like a girl who had been told again and again not to get anything on her clothing—who did just to spite the teller. A forbidden act.
Tannousin was an old clan. It had known great [Smiths]. Naq-Alrama steel was their great secret and treasure.
They knew more secrets of smithing. More dark tales and stories. Forbidden techniques. 
Desperate, dark acts.
The steel was dripping wet when she placed it on the anvil. There was no flame. This was a parody of smithing. No tools and only a single block of metal. Not enough metal even to make a full sword. So little left after refining—now despoiled by corpse-blood.
Fire and material.
They would have both, soon enough. Nawal’s lips moved as she slowly, painfully, began to draw a circle around the anvil. Blood ran into the funnel her finger traced.
“Hold the line! Fight! Fight until your—”
They were fighting bare dozens of paces ahead of her. More blood. More death. The [Smith] knew there was a terrible power there. So she took up the one tool she needed.
Her hammer. Her hammer, and the bloody metal. Ah, yes. And one more thing.
Nawalishifra carefully drew a blade up. One of the fallen pieces of metal. Poor-quality steel. Practically iron. Even so…a poor [Smith]’s weapon could still kill. What a terrible irony that was. That the greatest [Smith] in the world could do what the meanest one could.
She cut her wrist. Nawal saw blood, her blood, dripping down onto the anvil. Not much. Just a drip. A drop.
Drip. Drop. Drip…
She saw the blood falling. Turning the anvil dirtier. Nawal smiled. A poor, dirty act for a girl who deserved better. Yet…her eyes rose to the palace. To the battle around her.
She thought of Trey, of leaving it all behind. But pride. She had failed Flos Reimarch and that was the truth. Excuses or not, she had promised him a weapon worthy of him, and that was her one oath.
Nawalishifra took one comfort. One relief, as she slowly raised the hammer overhead. She swung the hammer down and struck the metal cold.
