8.63 K
Page 16
Confused, as if it were checking something. Gazi slowly slid left, and some of the gems dimmed ever-so-slightly. The Golem turned to track him, and Trey lifted his hands. Yolv waved at the Golems, and both turned to focus on the Dwarf.
“Stop that. He’s with me. Desist. Understand?”
Gazi strode towards the wall and hugged it as Trey and Yolv walked past the Golems. He saw one of the protectors turn back—but Gazi flashed past him in a blur.
The gust of wind made Yolv stiffen. Slight though it was, he instantly tilted his head backwards and checked behind him. Gazi met Trey’s eyes as she stood to the side of Yolv.
“Hm?”
The Dwarf was still a battlemage. He frowned behind him, then looked around. Yolv touched a stone on his neck and glanced at Trey.
“One moment. I thought…?”
He turned in a slow rotation, and Trey saw Gazi slowly walk around him. He had never seen anything like that except in a movie—but this was no comedy. Gazi slid, doing a complicated walk that made no sound and kept her moving smoothly as Yolv rotated.
She had her hand on her sword and Yolv’s neck. Trey held his breath—
And Yolv shrugged.
“Can’t be too cautious. I—”
He smiled at Trey, whirled around, and bellowed.
“Got you, you Ullsinoi bastards!”
He stabbed the air with his finger, missing Gazi by a mile; she was already in a room adjoining theirs. Yolv stared at the empty air, as did Trey, and coughed. He blushed into his beard.
“I thought it was them. Must have just been a draft. Er…don’t tell anyone I did that.”
Trey’s smile was sickly, but Yolv was too embarrassed to notice. He saw Gazi poke her head out the hallway and tried not to explode with anxiety.
However…she had proved she could evade the Gemstone Golems. Even Yolv and the [Mages] as well. He was walking towards the place where Amerys was when Yolv pointed ahead and cursed.
“Ah, damn. I forgot. It’s a fifteen minute walk through the maze. You could just say hello to the outer guards. The poor bastards on the inside hate it.”
Trey looked ahead and saw the ordinary, carpeted floor turn to mist. He looked past Yolv, into a maze of old stone, fog…and ancient brick floors.
Ullsinoi’s maze.
“Ullsinoi made that?”
“Yep. One of their pet mazes. Trapped too. Makes me nervous, but we know where to go to get through. Actually, it does bother me. Maybe I was too hasty. Did you want to meet Amerys?”
Yolv rubbed at his neck. Trey looked around and saw three [Mages] glancing up from a table where they were all arguing.
“—if we’re fighting against Ailendamus, does that mean we’re involving ourselves in other wars? I agreed about the Fissival-Gnoll problem already. Those damn Drakes have caused problems for us so let them eat crap. But—oh, is that Troy?”
The [Mage]-guards turned, and Yolv waved, explaining he’d abducted Trey for a moment to say hello. The young man waved—and saw Gazi slip past him into the maze.
She was actually doing it. He saw the half-Gazer walking down the hallway in an odd pattern. Like a wavy snake, not at random, but clearly dodging tiles that had, to Trey, the faintest glint of magic now that he knew to check. That was Eldavin’s teachings in detecting magic on a ‘superior level’, as he put it. Trey would never have trusted to it, but Gazi?
She bent under what must have been a tripwire, squeezed through a curtain of something in the air, and seemed to time her next step. Then she was at the maze and glanced at Trey once.
A smile without teeth. A master-class [Infiltrator]. She looked around the maze and grinned. Trey felt like using the restroom—he saw her look at him and wink one eye.
