8.63 K
Page 12
Or higher. Yet the Gazer was clearly going up her ranking of threats. Golems, Archmages—and then Ullsinoi. She seemed most concerned by one more factor and turned to Trey.
“Ullsinoi must be dealt with. The Archmages likewise; the Golems can be evaded or delayed. I have gear and preparations. A single Archmage I could battle. I do not need to free Amerys, only that we get to her. We have an escape route planned. However…what about her?”
“Her?”
Gazi shifted. She looked…uncomfortable for a second, and her spinning main eye kept zooming around.
“Cognita Truestone. She is the most dangerous being in all of Wistram. She could slaughter us all, and I am no [Mage] with the protection of the academy, but an intruder.”
She didn’t know. Trey’s mouth fell open—but of course! Gazi had been in infiltration mode for—the Gazer fixed on Trey’s face.
“Cognita? Has something changed?”
“She left Wistram, Gazi. Everyone’s talking about it. She left Wistram, and she’s apparently in Nerrhavia’s Fallen. No one knows why but—oh, I think I know part of the reason. Grand Magus Eldavin did something, but he’s gone too, along with half of Terras.”
Calac turned sharply to stare at Trey; the young man had told no one about what he’d seen. Gazi, though? All five eyes stared at Trey for a second.
Then she began to smile that evil, malicious smile she worked so hard on.
 
——
 
A Golem was dead. Or destroyed.
It was the talk of no one but the Archmages, who had all been summoned—for lack of a better word—to deal with the issue.
‘Alerted’ might be the word some would use, but the Archmages had been roused from their activities and been told this was an issue. Solve it. There was a difference in how each word was used, and the Archmages resented that difference.
Even so.
“It’s not one of the Gemstones guarding Amerys.”
“You’re sure.”
Viltach leaned on the table in one of the private rooms as four Archmages conferred. No Eldavin, no Valeterisa, or Amerys, or any of the others.
Just the ones here. Feor, Nailihuaile, Viltach, and Verdan. The old Archmage of Dullahans looked sleepy; he might have been roused from his rest.
Nailihuaile looked annoyed.
“Maybe one of them fell into a hole or ran into a trap spell.”
Feor shook his head impatiently.
“A Golem? A careless student who wandered into a dangerous part of Wistram—perhaps. But a Golem? This was no accident.”
“Do the Golems even know what happened?”
Verdan muttered. Viltach sighed in exasperation.
“The one I questioned didn’t have any answers. They just know one of their own was terminated—not by whom or what—but they want us to do something about it. More importantly—she wants us to do something. I have a [Message] from Nerrhavia’s Fallen, top priority from one of our Mage’s Guilds. Guess who sent it?”
The Archmages didn’t have to. Cognita’s missive was short and to the point.
 
Do not let any more Golems die. Or I will take measures to ensure they do not. There is an intruder in Wistram. Deal with it.
 
“The nerve of that block of marble.”
Naili hissed. She lashed her tail angrily, and glared in a way that Viltach was sure she wouldn’t do if Cognita were in the room or even in Wistram. Feor stroked at his beard. Viltach wondered how he dyed it. You could use just a basic alchemical dye, but those washed out. He had to be more cunning. Maybe he used a spider-polymer dye? He’d heard about those.
“Cognita may be pointing out that her absence means she will not hunt down the intruder herself, Nailihuaile.”
“And we need her?”
