8.63 K
Page 15
“Is that Troy? Hello, young man! Out for another visit?”
He jumped and saw Yolv, the friendly Dwarf, waving a hand at him. He was standing in the antechamber that marked these Hidden Hallways, bold as you like.
The mural was gone. Or rather…Trey stared at the two walls, which had folded inwards, creating two murals and a hallway that connected to the lounge area.
He looked from Creler-mural to Creler-mural and realized they had split along the inside. So that now one mural depicted the first attack of Crelers and desperation and destruction—and the other was a triumphant victory as they were forced back.
Parallels. It was so disconcerting to see the wall gone, though, that he stared—and then looked at the Dwarf.
The [Battle Mage] was stretching in the open area as two of the giant Gemstone Golems waited impassively. Trey’s eyes met Yolv’s and he stuttered.
“Oh, I was just passing by and I thought I’d—I don’t have anyone to guide me. Now that Telim and Sa’la and…”
Yolv slapped his forehead.
“Grand Magus Eldavin’s faction’s gone! Ah, pardon me. Archmage Eldavin. I was wondering why you didn’t show up all week! Then again—after hearing about those trap spells? I couldn’t blame you, but anyone who came back after Amerys nearly took off their fingers, I thought…it’s fine if you want to visit. How about it?”
He smiled and beckoned. Trey hesitantly stepped across the antechamber. He was rather pale and nervous, and cloaked his unease by staring at the Golems.
Yolv looked at the two and chuckled. Behind him, the open hallway betrayed the tromp of the other four on patrol, and he glanced over his shoulder.
“Nasty, aren’t they? You’ve never seen them fight, I’ll be bound. Well, I have, once. They’re a terror on the battlefield. It’s overkill to have them here, but Ullsinoi had a point. I was just stretching out here; come in, come in. You don’t have to visit Amerys, even. Now the hallways are opened up, we’ve doubled the guard and we’re still bored.”
“Really?”
Trey smiled at Yolv. He felt sweat running down his back, an ocean of it. It didn’t have as much to do with him being a secret infiltrator or Gazi’s presence in general.
It specifically had more to do with Gazi slowly walking around the perimeter of the hallway, bold as you like, hand on the hilt of her claymore, smiling and staring up at the Golems.
Right in the open. Yet Yolv didn’t seem to notice her. Trey watched Gazi out of the corner of his eyes as the Dwarf complained.
“The Archmages told us we could let more people in—even bring guests. Who wants to sit about all day? Cards? We started betting scrolls, and it gets ugly. Mind you, we are being paid to sit here, but I am going insane.”
“I’m sorry to hear that, Master Yolv.”
He laughed.
“Maybe I should start teaching students. That’s it! If I’m going to sit on my ass—well, I don’t think I have the patience to be a teacher, honestly. You’re pleasant to be around, but some of the hairless bandits that are younger students make me want to drink magicore. How about a little visit? We won’t keep you up. Do you have class tomorrow?”
Trey took a step forward and one of the Gemstone Golems turned to him. Gazi ducked as the Golem turned its head. He realized she had ducked a flashing red ruby.
As if each gemstone had a cone of sight. No…Trey saw the Golem on the left, nearest to her, flashing its gemstones slightly. Only the ones on its body near her.
