8.63 K
Page 33
Nailihuaile’s living room looked like a great [Enchanter]’s domain. Books were strewn about, opened to certain pages, and she sat Trey down just past that, around an untidy set of what were more like bean bags than anything else.
But not filled with beans. One was a liquid couch, and Trey realized it was because the Star Lamia curled around her flexible cushion rather than a rigid chair. Indeed, there were odd chairs of twined wood that let a tail rest around them.
A place for Lizardfolk. But he couldn’t focus on that long. Naili fixed him with a smile and intrigued stare.
“So what do you want? Beatrice said you had something to…offer me? But you want something in return?”
He licked his lips.
“Yes. I’d like to trade for a—a scroll. Or artifact. A powerful one. A warding amulet. Something that could deflect Tier 4 spells, even, and attacks. Or something like that.”
Nailihuaile recoiled slightly. Beatrice, who had joined them, raised her eyebrows. The Star Lamia coiled around her seat, but her humanoid torso rose.
“That’s not an easy ask, Troy. Not even if you had…knowledge of Earth you were willing to give me. I’m afraid I wouldn’t want to part with an artifact like that—even if I had one—for nothing. Why do you need a protective charm like that, anyways?”
She peered at Trey, and he began to sweat. She was no fool. Nailihuaile’s eyes flickered over Trey.
“Is something wrong?”
“No—no, Archmage Nailihaile.”
“So there’s nothing I wouldn’t want to know about?”
“N—”
The Star Lamia’s slitted eyes glittered. Truth spells. Trey clamped his lips shut. She smiled, and her seat rolled forwards as she slithered a bit closer, now resting on top of it.
“Troy. We—the Archmages—really do sympathize with you Earthers. We know it’s not easy, and everything’s changing. But there are sides. I know you’re on Eldavin’s, or at least, he claimed you. But I want you to be honest. What’s up?”
Of all the Archmages, she made him most nervous. Not because she was smartest, best at magic…he had no measure, aside from the feeling that Eldavin was the best by far.
Yet he had the feeling Naili could be the most…vindictive of the lot. Nor was she slow.
“You know something. Out with it.”
“Nothing. I just—I wanted to know if I could trade a big secret. A Major Secret for…”
The young man stuttered as Nailihuaile left the seat and circled him. Beatrice saw Naili glance at her and stepped back. She became a statue, watching, as Naili frowned at Trey.
“What kind of secret? No, no. Let’s not get away from that first part. Why do you want an amulet to keep you safe, Troy? Someone…thinking of doing something dangerous, maybe?”
“It’s…”
He avoided her gaze. But now the Archmage was very intent on him, and she could put two plus two together.
“I hear you visit Archmage Amerys. You weren’t planning on breaking her out, maybe?”
“I—”
“You’ve seen the new traps and security. That would be a mistake, Troy. We’d have to be unpleasant about that. But that would be curious as to why you were doing it.”
“It’s the Golems.”
The young man burst out. He met Naili’s eyes for a second. She frowned.
“The Golems?”
Trey’s breath was coming too fast. He spoke quickly.
“Yes. The—I saw one of the Golems in the maze. And the other ones. Are you sure they’re safe? Are you sure—did you order them to come down and guard her?”
The Star Lamia recoiled slightly.
“Ordered them to guard Amerys? Of course we did.”
“Each one?”
The young man met her eyes. The Star Lamia saw genuine unease there. She hesitated.
“Yes…Ullsinoi did for…there’s a Golem in the maze?”
