8.63 K
Page 34
She glanced at Beatrice for confirmation then smiled at Trey. But with a hint of uncertainty behind the needle-sharp teeth.
“Why? Why would that matter?”
“I…I have a secret. A big one. I’d trade it for a charm. Something to protect me. Just in case.”
“In case of…? Beatrice, find me my best warding amulets. I don’t have an Amulet of Protection—but I do have some powerful ones. Besides, you know a secret has to be worth a lot.”
“It’s a big one. The biggest. It’s worth—it’s worth the best artifact you’d give me. I think I might need it. Maybe. I don’t want to need it, but I might.”
“Really?”
Nailihuaile looked at Trey and saw no lie in that. She hesitated, and slithered over to inspect the amulets Beatrice brought. She frowned, shook her head, and went over to a cabinet. She opened it, stared down at a carefully-wrought cage of silverish metal around a core of something bright and fiery red, scintillating like a little molten core in the center of it, floating.
“This is an Amulet of Xion, Troy. Do you know what that is?”
He shook his head as she came over with it. Beatrice silently held the other artifacts, and Naili dangled it in front of him, smiling.
“I can’t make it. Yet. Xion was an [Enchanter] who specialized in this kind of thing. Each gem is a powerful mana stone, the kind that you can’t make. Something like the core of magic dug out of a monster. This is the most powerful amulet I would ever consider trading; I don’t wear it myself because of interference with my robes and staff.”
She gestured at the Relic-class artifact. Trey looked at the curved piece of wood augmented with shining crystal and other strange stone.
The Serkonian Lance. Naili saw his expression and laughed.
“I know Viltach tutors you. And Eldavin? Neither one has the artifacts I do. The Serkonian Lance is a jealous weapon, though. Still, even the amulet is worth far more than most Major-class secrets. But let’s put it on the table.”
She did so, on the low table, and nodded at Beatrice.
“You can haggle with me for the lesser ones. What’s this big secret you have? Don’t worry about Beatrice. She’s beyond loyal. The Golems? Now why would you be worried about them?”
She leaned forwards eagerly. She saw the young man lick his lips. Trey looked Nailihuaile dead in her eyes.
What did [Mages] fear? Gazi had asked him that.
“What do [Mages] of Wistram fear? Know that—and you know one of their weaknesses. That they trust in their magic and truth spells is another. When you lie with the truth, they believe you.”
He looked Naili straight in the eyes, and he didn’t have to try to appear uneasy or afraid. All he had to do was remember.
“Are you sure the Golems are obeying you? Have…have you seen Zelkyr’s test?”
Naili recoiled slightly. Beatrice made a sound.
“Zelkyr’s test? Don’t tell me you went up there! That’s dangerous! And if it’s that secret flesh-Golem—that’s not a huge secret. But—”
She was off-guard for a second. Her answer told Trey everything he needed to know. She hadn’t been up there recently. The Archmages avoided that place like the plague.
“You haven’t seen what Cognita’s done, then.”
He looked at her, even more visibly nervous. Naili’s eyes flickered.
“Cognita? She left. Why. Do you know why she left? No one knows why. If you just happened to know, that would b—”
“She might be free. Eldavin might have set her free. He was trying to when he challenged her. That’s what I heard when I rescued him. He tried the test, and the Golems of Wistram…he fought Cognita.”
