8.63 K
Page 48
A shivering peal of sound rang out, lost in the battlefield. The metal jumped, and Nawal kept it steady with her other hand. There was a truth in Chandrar, and it was this:
Blood would pay for every sin. Enough blood to redeem every failure.
Slowly, with a steady rhythm, the hammer began to fall. It never picked up speed, but it fell harder. Louder. At first, the metal just jumped despite her hand. It rang, bloody, filthy, until even the soldiers at the rear of the fighting heard it.
But they paid no heed if they saw her. A man split open a [Soldier]’s head and more blood fell. The hammer rose and fell. Blood soaked the stones and soil until it ran.
Then it began to ripple.
A [Warrior] reaching for her own blade amid the tangle of her guts looked down. She saw the blood…rippling upwards before the spear descended. The [Spearman] stared down at the blood.
It was rippling. Moving in a faint rhythm. Blood flowing, running in one direction now. Moving as Nawalishifra bled.
She had no more metal left. No magic save what was in her. A poor [Smith] had nothing to forge.
But blood? They said blood tasted like iron. Nawal tasted it in the back of her mouth. Blood was dripping down her arm.
The bloody hammer swung down again as the last forging began. A twisted, dirty blade.
A sinful creation to mend all bridges and pay all debts.
An apology in blood.
Nawal wished she could see Trey again.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Three chapters. It’s tough, doing a first draft each time. I want to do it right. Giving myself more days to write a chapter, more chapters to conclude an arc is all for quality.
You don’t really get a second chance. I can always re-write, but some people read it the moment it’s posted. So…it’s a different experience.
Someone will wait for the next chapter. Someone reading this, later, will simply find the next one’s done, or even the volume. I hope both experiences are good, but we’ll see. Let me know how I’m doing from either perspective.
See you next chapter.
 
The Wandering Inn Analytics Graph by Amiron!
https://wandering-inn-statistics.aris.moe/
 
Ice Squirrel by pkay!
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/peekay

 
Sand-hug by Anito!


Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/anito













 

