8.63 K
Page 1
Heat had killed over three hundred, despite the water rations. Just…heat. However, the [Soldiers] fought until they dropped. They had to; they were pressed forwards by their fellow [Soldiers]. An endless wave of Hemp-caste [Soldiers] who followed regiments of Cotton and Silk leaders into battle.
This was Nerrhavia’s endless horde. It terrified the young Hemp-[Soldier] and exhilarated him. The roar was deafening as he turned his head and saw a line of bodies that stretched thousands of feet in every direction. Not a single mass like a swarming anthill; they were neatly separated into divisions, regiments, which were arrayed by type and level.
Waiting. Every few seconds, something would break through the distant roar ahead of him. That city, engulfed in motion across the walls. Figures climbing, falling—and the blood. You could see it, even miles away. The flash as someone raised a sword and brought it down on a helmet.
The young man stared at the person on the walls. A Human? A young woman? One of the defenders of Reim.
Capital of the King of Destruction. The last bastion of this war. He shivered, despite himself.
The jagged crown of towers rose around the walls and the city proper. There were ladders everywhere; you could barely see the wall for the ladders. A group began falling as someone kicked them down, and another set collapsed into flames.
“Fire.”
Someone murmured hoarsely, and the Hemp-[Soldiers] shuddered. They saw figures waving their arms, rolling on the ground, fleeing the fire as a [Mage] threw down a [Fireball]. That was what the young man feared most. Death by fire. He could survive losing an arm or a leg so long as he didn’t bleed out. But fire?
The terrifying thing was, he never heard them, even as [Soldiers] went up like distant candles, burning out, collapsing. The air was shaking from so many voices—he never heard them.
“Bast’s 11th and Phloem’s 2nd!”
The [Soldier] jumped. He almost started forward, but that wasn’t his regiment. Two groups advanced towards the retreating [Soldiers] fleeing the burning section, ladders ready to go. Infantry, like him, without distinct levels or gear, and a group of mixed slings and archers.
Thousands. Each division was two thousand strong. So four thousand went to take the wall. Compared to the number of [Soldiers] on it, it seemed they should overrun the city in a second.
But it was so vast, and that broken crown…the young man’s name was Eribis. He looked up at it.
They were not black towers, fit for some villain. They were grey and partly beige, but with dirt and dust more than anything. They were evenly spaced out around Reim, eight towers—or rather, six.
Two were broken, like the tines had been snapped off a crown. Yet the remaining six were the reasons why Nerrhavia’s great army was pulled back so far. Even as Eribis watched—a tower lit up.
“Inc—”
The rest of his [Line Captain]’s scream was drowned out. Eribis threw up his hands and felt something punch his armor. He stumbled, ran into someone, and the blinding flash was replaced by…
Eribis gazed out and the battlefield was silent for one second. He saw one of the divisions marching on Reim’s walls, those glorious armored figures, had been replaced by a huge crater of glass and smoke. The figures scattered around it were lying still. Some got up, stumbling around dizzily in circles. Eribis saw someone sitting, picking up their helmet, shaking their head.
“Bast’s 14th!”
