8.63 K
Page 11
One of Gazi’s eyes flicked to him; that was how you knew she was listening. She seldom turned her head to acknowledge anyone but Flos, but if one eye was on you, you had her attention. It was something people had to get used to, like Goelv learning that people got upset if you didn’t look at them with your entire body.
Goelv. What would he think if he knew Gazi were here? Trey kept glancing at the door, but Gazi smiled.
“No one is watching us. Yet. I can see [Scrying] spells and all but the most powerful illusion spells.”
“Can you see through all of Wistram?”
The Gazer instantly shook her head. She frowned, her one huge eyelid narrowing in a rare sign of displeasure.
“It is impossible for me. Some places…yes. Mundane enchantments. Most of it? No. Wistram is confusing. It has always been confusing. I knew it, coming here.”
“You’ve been here before.”
Calac sat up. Another eye rolled towards him and calmly fixed him with a violet glare.
“Yes. Amerys invited me before. I know some of what is dangerous here thanks to that. Those Golems I know. They are Gembound Golems. Each gem is a source of power. They fight well. They would be…difficult to kill for me. I would not fight two. Nor are they like the other Golems.”
“How so?”
Gazi sipped from a cup. She reached out behind her and poked Minizi in the eye as the Golem tried to sneak up behind her. The Lifesand Golem retreated, stared at Gazi, and instantly fled behind Trey’s bed. The young man stared at Minizi. He didn’t know what was up with his creation, but he thought Minizi was…nervous?
“They are Wistram’s soldiers of older times. Zelkyr did not make them. Hence, the Archmages can control them more directly. Hm. Even so, she has control. So. Trapped hallways, maze, Amerys in bindings, and guards.”
Gazi stretched her four-fingered hand as the two young men nodded. She considered the obstacles and shook her head.
“That alone I could handle. The real threats are the Archmages. Do they personally patrol the areas? The ward spells—are connected to them?”
“I don’t know.”
The Gazer nodded as Trey looked shamefaced. Her main eye kept buzzing around, checking every area for spells.
“Then…Ullsinoi. As great a threat. I remember them from the war.”
Calac and Trey traded glances. The [Lord] half-bowed.
“Lady Pathseeker. Do you mean the recent wars with Hellios, Belchan, and such? Or do you mean…?”
The [Scout] stopped eating.
“We fought them during my lord’s first kingdom. When the King of Destruction began to take Chandrar, I remember strange tricks. Powerful illusions. Orders that mislaid entire armies. We encountered them rarely. I killed two of their number—I think—over the course of the entire war. Amerys went to Wistram to negotiate a truce. They are a powerful enemy.”
Trey could only agree with that. He thought of Galei’s warning and shuddered.
“I think they know I was trying to break Amerys out, Gazi. I don’t know…if they know about you.”
She shrugged, her armor capturing every motion with ease. It was apparently feather-light; Gazi had once told Trey he could lift her up fairly easily. It allowed her to scale walls and perform tricks most [Knights] wouldn’t dare imagine.
[War Scout]. A former [Infiltrator] and [Mage]. Even a [Silent Commander]. However—
A Level 45 [War Scout]. ‘Low-level’, according to Gazi, which meant that she was a Named Adventurer almost by virtue of that level alone. But this was Wistram—unlike anywhere else in the world, Gazi was among people close to her level.
