8.63 K
Page 17
She could see through the maze.
Golems down! The Gemstone Golems hadn’t noticed her on their patrol; Yolv and Trey had helped; they were stopping to scan him. The [Mages] were oblivious, and the ones inside? Trey didn’t know what was going to happen next. Would Gazi free Amerys? Would they come out? The half-Gazer disappeared into the maze, clearly carefully picking her path, stopping at intersections.
Would they come out and fight Yolv? He felt a sudden pang as the kindly Dwarf sat.
“It’s so boring. Maybe you should bring your spellbook, Troy. We could teach you some spells. What’s your specialty?”
“Sand magic and light.”
“Let’s teach you a few spells! Bring your friends, even!”
A smiling woman suggested, Viltach’s faction. Trey was embarrassed, and the Naga nudged the others.
“The poor boy has class tomorrow, probably. Don’t make him study tonight.”
“Another night, then. Or what about—how old are you, Troy?”
“Er, seventeen?”
The Naga smiled.
“Then you can have a drink! No party; we’re on duty, but—”
“He’s underage!”
“He’s seventeen. Oh, come on. Terandrians. Eighteen? You’re going to tell me you waited until you were eighteen in Wistram to drink…? It’s not even enforced equally across one continent!”
The guards started arguing, and Trey tried to focus on the conversation with them. But all the while he was imagining what might happen next, he really needed to pee, and his nerves were humming.
No. Trey glanced up and realized Yolv was frowning. The young man looked around and heard it grow louder.
The air was humming.
“What’s that? Oh, for the love of beard wax—”
Yolv half-rose. The other [Guards] stopped bantering and looked up. Trey heard a sound in the air. All the hair on his neck rose.
A voice.
No…was it a voice? It sounded…
Far too vast to come from lungs. Vast, yet high-pitched. An eerie wail.
“I thought it was supposed to stay inside the—”
“I know. Maybe it saw something. Another rat? Wands out. Troy—get behind us.”
The [Mages] rose in a second. Trey saw them walk forwards. He looked at them, then saw, as the [Mages] walked forwards—
Gazi. She had activated at least two more Skills because she was half-blurred and invisible to him. She reappeared, crouching by one of the open doors. The [Mages] didn’t notice; they triggered their detection spells almost as an afterthought. Magical barriers went up, and Trey saw them preparing spells.
The singing grew louder. The [Mages] seemed almost as nervous about it as…the possibility of an intruder.
“It’s definitely coming this way.”
“Fuck, fuck, I hate the idea that it’s malfunctioning. If it’s a rat again—”
Trey peeked out of the hallway over Yolv’s head. He looked into that maze of mists the Ullsinoi set up and saw something as the echoing voice came closer. He looked at Gazi, and the Gazer stared at him with one eye. Three were locked ahead of him, and she was no longer smiling. He saw something turn the corner in that illusory maze and cursed Ullsinoi. Cursed the pranksters of Wistram.
Galei had warned him. Ullsinoi, that jovial, mocking faction was funny and they laughed at everything.
Until they stopped. And then everything was for keeps.
Trey had seen the Golems of Wistram before. He had even beheld the terrible truth of Zelkyr’s final test. Golems made for war and destruction on massive scales.
The Gemstone Golems heralded a time when Wistram deployed them to fight as [Mages] made great war. An echo of Eldavin’s flying soldiers in magical armor.
But this Golem…
