8.63 K
Page 32
Aaron Vanwell, Blackmage, looked around as if he were waking up from a dream. He stood, slowly, and his dreadlocks moved as he turned from face to face. He seemed…odd.
Like he was fighting with himself. The words came slowly from his mouth, as Aaron looked at Trey. As if he saw right through him. Trey waited, and everyone looked at Aaron. First, despite all that had happened.
Yet what Aaron said surprised Trey. The [Magitech Engineer] took a deep breath and forced the words out.
“I think…I think we can’t tell what will happen if you leave the academy. It will be dangerous. It’s bad out there. Leon’s right.”
Elena opened her mouth, and his eyes slid sideways to meet hers. Aaron smiled.
“…But Elena’s also right. Troy’s given you all this chance. I think that you should all ask yourselves what you want to do. And go if you’re going. You might never get another chance.”
He looked around and sat down heavily. As if saying that had taken some great effort. Trey watched Aaron, confused.
Why did he smile? He had said nothing…but he looked up at Trey and smiled and nodded. So Trey bowed back.
He would never know it, but that was Aaron Vanwell’s proudest moment. His finest victory.
After that, it was simple. Trey told them when and where and let them argue. Elena wanted to speak with him; they all did.
“Take the camera with you.”
“You don’t want it?”
“I know what it says. Tell everyone you meet.”
“We could show it to the world. We have scrying spells. The television—Eldavin?”
Trey shook his head. He pointed at the camera in Elena’s hands.
“They all know about A’ctelios Salash. No one has done anything yet. It will fall to us. I will see you tomorrow, Elena. I have to get ready.”
She nodded. The [Beautician] stared at Troy for a long time, and he wondered if she saw right through him. But all she did was nod slowly.
“Good luck. I hope this works. I trust you, Troy.”
He looked at her and hadn’t the courage to reply. So Trey just nodded and walked off. Terrible.
He was betraying trust.
 
——
 
Gazi had gold and gems. She had artifacts for the breakout. She had given some to Trey to bribe Tov; most of her gold had gone to Calac, who was on another mission.
However, gold was worth less in Wistram. To move pieces into position…Trey found someone who could help him. The issue was Golems.
Golems, powerful Golems. It was and always had been, even with Cognita gone. Even so, the young man felt he was at the peak of danger as he fidgeted in front of the door.
A silent Dullahan woman stood next to him, her head held in her hands, inspecting him.
Beatrice. She never smiled. Nor did the woman who opened the door, the Archmage, make Trey any more comfortable. Nailihuaile was short—for one of the Naga—but the Star Lamia glowed, with strange radiance coming off her scales.
“Troy! Come in! Beatrice said you wanted to see me? Or that you had something to offer me?”
The young man started.
“I—yes, Archmage. I was hoping for a trade. That is—a favor? Something like that.”
“Interesting. Well, come in!”
Nailihuaile’s rooms were nothing at all like Viltach’s. Eldavin’s were still ostensibly guest rooms, albeit with many gifts and his projects, but the two Archmages who had time to ensconce themselves in Wistram had configured their rooms to their personality.
What Nailihuaile liked, it seemed, was magic. Visible magic, like the glowing crystals set into pedestals. A circle of magic drawn in the center of her room as visitors entered.
Viltach was a craftsman, but he and Nailihuaile both enchanted. The difference was that one’s room had practical tools in the workshop.
