8.63 K
Page 24
“Magical locks do not open with tumblers, Trey. Or if they do, they require magical signatures. There are ways to open such locks with keys [Rogues] use—not this.”
His heart sank. Calac cursed, and Gazi saw both look at each other.
“But then how do we open the door and Amerys’ lock?”
The Gazer stared meaningfully at Trey.
“I could most likely cut her bindings loose and remove her from the magical cell at least. She might free herself. But it would be important to find the key to Amerys’ lock. So. You may wish to talk to Archmage Viltach.”
Trey scrubbed at his face. He didn’t want to do that.
“How am I supposed to ask him covertly?”
Gazi shrugged.
“I do not know. But we also need the Golems removed, even with a distraction.”
“What about our escape route? Lady Pathseeker, it will be a race to the exit if we are discovered, and with Ullsinoi, we might well be. Do you have a ship? A [Greater Teleport] scroll?”
Calac turned to Gazi, and the half-Gazer shook her head.
“Not that grand magic—but I do have a way to leave Wistram. Believe me—that is not the issue. The Golems are.”
She frowned, and Trey frowned as well. He had a very…very risky idea, but he turned back to the others.
“Even if we remove the Golems, there are all those guards, and Mena went with Eldavin to Terandria. How do we drug them now?”
“We have to find someone else who delivers them food. Threaten them. Convince them to work for us. It is not difficult. I will do that myself. Or you could deliver them snacks.”
“There’s no guarantee they’ll all eat it at once, Gazi. And they’re not stupid. If one falls over…they have to be hungry.”
Gazi smiled, and Trey looked at her, growing slightly pale at the suggestion. Calac cleared his throat. He’d been working on his end of the plan, as well as surveilling the corridors. He gave Trey an anguished look the young man didn’t understand at first.
“I…think I have a solution to that, Trey. I don’t like it. But it might…I know someone who’s been asked to deliver food. She does it every few days and they trust her. But…it’s someone we know.”
“Who?”
Trey didn’t understand his hesitation until Calac spoke.
“Emirea.”
Gazi saw Trey bite his lip, hard. She raised her brows.
“What is the issue? I can threaten her…”
“She’s a little girl, Gazi.”
The Gazer blinked once at Trey. Minizi copied Gazi as the half-Gazer scratched her head calmly.
“So?”
Calac’s face was one gigantic wince as he looked at Trey. The [Sand Mage] and [Plotter] imagined Gazi blackmailing poor Emirea…his head slowly rose.
“Maybe we go the other way. Maybe…Calac. Gazi. You were talking about how Ullsinoi might have hidden [Mages] in the maze too. Even if I get rid of the Golems with this next stunt, we might be relying on you, right?”
Gazi nodded with a frown. They couldn’t drug or distract the people they didn’t know were there or not, and that was Ullsinoi’s biggest obstacle. Trey licked his lips.
“What if we didn’t have to rely just on you?”
“Do you know someone who can dodge traps? Or are we getting another security amulet? Because I’m not wearing it. We’ll give it to Minizi again.”
Calac frowned at Trey. The little Lifesand Golem emphatically shook her head. Trey did likewise. He glanced at Gazi.
“No…Gazi. You can see through the traps, right? And the maze? How…do you think someone else of your species might be able to do the same?”
She blinked one huge eye at him in surprise for the first time.
 
——
 
One Day Ago.
 
Reim was under siege. It was all over the news—along with Eldavin’s war on Ailendamus. Actually, it was only part of the news, and that was amazing to Trey.
