8.63 K
Page 42
“Would you like another…drink? I have water too. The wine’s strong.”
“I’m fine, Archmage.”
Viltach nodded as he closed his eyes. Trey glanced out the window and then half-rose, looking towards the man’s bag of holding. Viltach’s breath was a whisper.
“You don’t want any water? I put the antidote in the water. You must have taken it already.”
Trey’s eyes snapped open. He recoiled—and Archmage Viltach sat up. Suddenly, the drunken, comatose Archmage looked at him.
“I was truly hoping you wouldn’t, Trey. But the King of Destruction has a hold on you. Doesn’t he?”
Trey froze, and then he realized—for the last little bit—he hadn’t noticed because it was his name, and he was used to alias and name both. But—
Viltach had been saying ‘Trey’, not ‘Troy’.
The [Sand Mage] had put his staff at the door, but he had the wand Viltach had given him. It rose from its little holster at his side, and Viltach pointed a finger.
“Activate!”
Something flashed, and Trey locked up. The Archmage stood, looking…immeasurably sad. Sad, disappointed, yet bitterly triumphant. He gestured.
“[Rune of Paralysis]. I thought you might notice, but I wrote it into the wood of the chair. Eldavin may have taught you well, but he only gave you a month. And you were too nervous.”
Trey was locked up. He could move his face, but nothing else. He stared at Viltach.
“How did you know?”
The Archmage of Terandria rubbed at his face, his goatee, wearily. He shook his head.
“Trey. I knew from the start.”
The young man watched him and the Archmage shook his head.
“You’ve been in the company of the King of Destruction. You might have anti-[Appraisal] wards and you’re clever—I don’t know who you’re working with, but I can guess from your friends. Did you really think I wouldn’t know? Trey Atwood. You went to A’ctelios Salash, you poor boy. And he has your sister.”
Viltach rested his hands on the table, looking at Trey. The young man spoke.
“I…she’s a prisoner. You can’t keep Amerys forever.”
“Nor will we. Nor you, Trey. Just until that man dies. I wish you had trusted me enough. I truly do.”
That seemed to be what hurt Viltach most of all. He drew the key from his bag of holding and held it out to Trey. The young man looked at it—and Viltach carelessly tossed it onto the table.
“—But I cannot let you free Amerys. Naili you duped. You even fooled Eldavin—or at least, he’s not here. Feor? Feor underestimates you all. But I do not. Ullsinoi is on patrol. And while it’s true four Golems were pulled off their sentry duty, I took care of that. Amerys is guarded by more than just her regular guards tonight.”
 
——
 
Gazi Pathseeker stared into the Mershi-lounge and realized they’d been made in all truth. She focused on the maze and saw a figure ghosting along the winding hallways.
The singing Golem. But not just that—she looked ahead and heard something that Trey and Calac had never seen when they had been scouting out the place.
Music. Laughter.
A lot of voices.
“Come on, everyone! Archmage Viltach has expressly opened the lounge tonight!”
Yolv and the other [Guards] sighed as a bevy of [Mages] strolled towards them. They glowered—the Naga especially, not because more people was unwelcome—
More because the all-Human crowd was. Libertarians, young and old, raiding the kegs, bringing food, and a lot of bodies.
After all—there was a taproom. Gazi stared grimly at an army of [Mages] and the Golem. Then she realized Trey was in trouble. Then she realized they were all in trouble as she heard the clip-clop of hooves behind her.
