8.63 K
Page 44
“We’ll keep Gazi quiet. We don’t want a panic. I’ll return after I grab her. I’m sorry.”
He walked towards the door. He turned back just once when Trey spoke.
“Viltach. Do you know why I didn’t tell you everything? You, Eldavin? Anyone? It wasn’t because Flos threatened me or my sister is with him. Or Gazi.”
Viltach turned, curiosity winning over everything.
“Why, then?”
The young man met Viltach’s gaze. Bound, paralyzed, Trey still looked Viltach in the eye. There was nothing to gain by it. He closed his eyes, speaking as he used every Skill he could, straining every muscle using magic…he couldn’t move. So he looked at Viltach and told him, honestly.
“It was Wistram. You [Mages]…the academy. It is a beautiful place. Wonderful, magical. It could be so much better. But it isn’t. You think Wistram and Terandria are better than other continents? I have never been to Izril or Baleros or Terandria. But I look at Wistram and I see the same thing as Chandrar. You keep [Slaves]—you just call them something else. I liked you too.”
He looked at Viltach. The man stood there, very still, waiting, with a faint pain behind his eyes.
“But what?”
Trey smiled sadly.
“…You are a kind man, Archmage Viltach. Just not a good one.”
Viltach inhaled sharply. He looked at Trey, touched his chest, and rubbed it for a second.
“Well spoken.”
Then he opened the door and left. Trey was left alone, helpless. All except for one thing that Viltach had overlooked.
[Prepared Signal]. A little alarm was going off in someone’s head.
Not Gazi.
Not Calac.
After all, Trey was supposed to meet both of them. The alarm rang again and again, telling the person that things were going very bad. Even so…the little Lifesand Golem slowly raised her sword.
No one noticed her, at first. Alone, the Lifesand Golem was the only person not incapacitated or under attack. Elena and the Earthers were frozen in place, unsure of what to do. But the plan was moving. Parts of it, anyways.
The Golems in the hallways were prepared for something. Not Gazi, incidentally. Or Trey.
Archmage Feor sat in the banquet hall, counting Earthers. He was disappointed at how few remained, but Aaron Vanwell was there. The young man pretended nothing was wrong, but there was someone with the gumption to say what needed to be said.
“You are protecting them, young man. And I shall remember it.”
He turned to Leon as Aaron stared at the Archmage of half-Elves. Leon nodded, not meeting Aaron or the other Earthers’ glares—some already apprehended by the Golems.
“I know.”
The Wistram [Mages] and students were in uproar after Viltach’s announcement. Feor’s own skin was prickling unpleasantly at the thought. So that was what the King of Destruction’s last gambit was about.
But he was reassured by Naili and Viltach. They might fight, quarrel, and backstab, but when an outside threat came towards them, Wistram still pulled together. That was what Eldavin didn’t realize.
Wistram. Wistram, that Academy of [Mages]. The banquet hall was full with dinner diners and everyone was talking about the drama. Minizi tottered forwards clumsily, trying to stay unnoticed. She saw Feor…and was vaguely worried.
Trey was in trouble. Big Gazi was in trouble. But Minizi stuck to the plan. What came next would be different, but Trey Atwood did know one thing.
What did [Mages] fear? He had thought of it long and hard for the first part of the plan. Trey knew what wise men feared. He knew what [Sailors] feared. And [Mages]?
Minizi was beginning to get noticed. A few [Mages] frowned at her. Someone pointed.
“That Golem’s…odd. What’s up with…”
