8.63 K
Page 23
Trey bowed to her deeply and pointed to something on the far walls. It was a map. A map of the known world—but not of the five continents above. It was a map of the undersea, and there were places never charted.
“Depth Magus. It might be that we’d be willing to…compromise. Compromise, with a people who are willing to make deals rather than have it one way. We want to see the world, and seeing the world means we could walk about on land. Or…what if you did something us landfolk would like?”
“Hm. Elaborate?”
She leaned forward, and Trey thought of Fetohep.
“Paradise. A safe, nice place where we could be and live. You could visit us. Depth Mage. Do you need more than one or three? If nothing else—do the Drowned Folk keep [Slaves]?”
Her eyes glittered. A daughter of hers spoke.
“[Slaves] make poor crew. Not all ships trade with Roshal. On another deck, that would be a deadly insult, Troy Atlas.”
“Silence.”
Trey bowed to the daughter and mother.
“I hoped the answer was no. I thought you were more righteous than that and I’m glad. I just ask because—if nothing else, Depth Magus. You could simply deliver us to a port of choice. Let us go free.”
“I would make a terrible enemy of Wistram. Wistram, which is mighty and growing stronger, and makes armor to fly above land and sea.”
The old woman said that, but she sounded so…calm. Deliberately calm. Trey licked his lips.
“That’s true, Shadeward Doroumata. But Wistram is political. You might make an enemy of some, but you get nothing but scorn from the academy, save for [Mages] who know your worth, like Archmage Eldavin.”
That he knew was true. Doroumata moved slightly, and Trey went on.
“Besides. You might gain a great ally of Earth.”
He watched her carefully and saw not a movement or trace of her face beyond that dark veil. But he heard a smile in her reply.
 
——
 
It was always the things you didn’t expect.
 
[Plotter class obtained!]
[Plotter Level 3!]
[Skill – Prepared Signal obtained!]
[Skill – Straight Face obtained!]
 
“I don’t want a [Plotter] class! That makes me sound terrible! Or like I’m a gardener!”
Gazi Pathseeker just smiled. She patted Minizi’s head and looked at Trey. She threw out a hand and two fingers opened.
Scissors. Trey closed his eyes. After a beat, Calac, who was wearing a blindfold with his back turned to the two, started.
“Uh—uh—paper! No, knife!”
“Scissors, Calac. I signaled you twice!”
The young man tugged up the blindfold, embarrassed.
“I know. I just forgot which one was which. I felt it twice! It’s like—what is that sound?”
“A beep.”
Trey had copied the electronic sound for his [Prepared Signal] Skill. He could bind it to exactly one person. Very limited use, and Gazi told him there was a limit to range…but undetectable, practically. At least from a magical angle.
Calac shook his head.
“It sounds strange. But it does work, Lady Pathseeker. I’ll remember, um, how many times.”
The Gazer was pleased.
“Simple is best. We will use it instead of speaking stones or other cues. With time, we can use one Skill to do far more. Even a simple signal can be used to create larger messages.”
“Like morse code.”
Gazi blinked at Trey, then nodded with pleasure when he explained what that was. Trey resigned himself to the class. He’d seriously considered turning it down, but he needed every edge he could get.
Meanwhile, Gazi was correcting their plan. Starting with the most egregious and stupid of their mistakes they’d made in their first botched attempt. She held up the lock that Trey could unlock so easily with Lifesand.
