8.63 K
Page 38
“Izrilian. You know, the fruit is very poisonous? The seed core, not the rind, but that’s part of the allure. Although any basic toxicity test fails because even the best stuff is a tiny bit poisonous.”
“I know. But you mentioned you liked good wines, Archmage, and I wanted to present you with a little gift for all you’ve done for me and Minizi—”
Viltach smiled. He beckoned Trey in, and the young man saw they had a small snack platter, a pre-dinner dinner. Just as planned.
“Where is Minizi?”
“Below, I think. I can feel her returning.”
“Ah, should we upgrade her next? You know, this wine might be too good to waste. Especially because I don’t believe in hoarding bottles.”
“If you’d like, Archmage.”
Viltach smiled. He ushered Trey into a seat. He was a generous man to his friends, and he enjoyed fine things.
He was also a craftsman. He led the Libertarian faction, and Trey knew that Viltach’s great love was making wands. Making…things.
He had a few slimes in his workshop, and he had Eldavin’s gift on display. Archmage Viltach noticed Trey’s look at the complex, three-element wand and grimaced.
“I’ve barely gotten started on reverse-engineering how he made that. A cunning Archmage, that Eldavin. I don’t think it’s a practical wand. I rather feel like an apprentice being handed a test piece—you know, like blacksmith puzzles? An odd feeling at my age. But we can discuss that later. Do you drink? You’re a bit young by some standards…but I won’t tell if you won’t.”
He winked, and Trey tried to return it. Viltach was…kind. It made what was about to happen feel worse.
“To Golems who won’t kill you, friendships, and magic.”
Viltach suggested. Trey smiled as he took a cup. He drank, and the Amentus wine was very sweet. Almost too sweet.
“Gah, that’s sugary. But I knew that…you know, Magnolia Reinhart loves sugar?”
Viltach took a sip and grimaced, then tried it again. Trey took his time in responding. He had to take a bite of some brie…chomp hard on the powdery pill Gazi had given him, wedged along his back molars, and then cough and take another sip of wine.
Foul as hell. But he wouldn’t go loopy, prone to answering questions, and then topple over.
If a truth spell existed, did a truth serum? Obviously. Trey tried to smile at Viltach, but it was so hard.
He didn’t feel bad about Nailihuaile. He didn’t like her. Elena? He felt awful about that in part, but he was also acting in relatively good faith…
No. Trey would wrestle with that too, but this was direct. This was looking Viltach in the eye as the Archmage smiled at him and…Trey put down his cup as Viltach took another sip and put it aside, shuddering.
“Maybe we need to cut it with water or something.”
“We don’t have to have too much. A sip’s enough. How are you, Archmage? It’s been a strange few days, hasn’t it?”
Viltach agreed. The Archmage went for a pitcher of water and poured a cup. He grimaced as he swished the water in his mouth and gulped.
“It has. You visit Amerys, don’t you?”
Trey blinked at him. Viltach shrugged. He put the cup down and sighed.
“…I never let you see her. You asked and asked, but Eldavin was the Archmage for you, eh?”
The young man hesitated and ducked his head.
“I’m sorry, Archmage Viltach.”
The man spoke a bit sharply.
“It’s Viltach. We are friendly enough to say that, Troy.”
He relented as he looked up when he saw the young man’s expression.
