8.63 K
Page 28
 
“I got your message. I saw everything on the camera.”
Elena followed Trey towards the secret Earth-only rooms. The [Beautician] saw the young man flinch. However, when Trey turned to her, he was too calm.
Too calm, for the nightmares she’d had four days running. Elena had seen horror movies—who hadn’t? She was good at watching horror. She liked it. She got something from it, jump scares and all.
That hadn’t been a horror movie. It was nightmarish because it was real. It wasn’t found footage. It was a documentary.
“Was that real?”
She pressed after Trey said nothing. The [Sand Mage] just looked at her. Elena had met people who’d had to kill too. One look was her only answer and she turned paler still.
“Where did you get that camera?”
“A’ctelios Salash. From the people who owned it.”
They came to the secret door and entered as Elena muttered the passphrase. Trey glanced over his shoulder. Both of them had to do more than just speak the passcode, actually. Aaron had told them how to access this secret area and apparently reconfigured it to let only certain people in.
They stood in the sumptuous lobby area as they passed through a wall. Proper Hogwarts stuff. That was the thing. Everything was a reference if you wanted it to be. Right up until the monster from your book reached out and tore your head off.
“I saw the last part as well. The part you recorded. I was waiting for you to slip me a note or meet me here. I camped out for two days straight. What happened?”
Trey looked at Elena guiltily. He rubbed at his hair.
“A plan fell through. I’m sorry. I had to figure things out again.”
When Minizi exploded. Elena raised her brows.
“A plan fell through? You had one. You made one in secret and told no one. I can name three people who had anything like a plan.”
“Really? Who?”
Trey turned curiously. Elena jerked her head.
“Shun, from China. He tried to make a break for it. Actually, he got towards the edge of the calm bubble in a sailing boat before some [Mages] realized he wasn’t just having fun. He wiped out—good thing, too. He sailed straight out of Wistram into a storm. Not exactly a smart maneuver…but he thought it would work.”
“How? Wistram’s surrounded by water for thousands of miles.”
Elena smiled sadly.
“He thinks this is all a trick. Smoke and mirrors. A foreign government, maybe. Once he leaves the bubble—he’ll wake up or get out of it. He’s probably in, but I’m worried about him. Lamont tried too, you know. He was smart. He just hitched a ride on a ship; they were going to smuggle him out in the cargo hold, and he’d work off his debt. The [Captain] had no idea Lamont was one of us. He just thought Lamont was a student who’d had enough.”
“And?”
Trey thought he’d seen Lamont the other day, playing badminton with Sidney. Elena shook her head.
“That poor [Captain]. Five [Mages] teleported onto his decks before he was more than ten miles out of the academy. Blew up his sails—made him go back to harbor.”
“Ouch.”
Elena saw Trey grimace. His eyes flickered, and she took a seat on one of the plush chairs. Rich chairs. The kind of real-wood, hand-sewn whatevers that multi-millionaires wished they could afford back on Earth. They went for authentic Italian leather sofas. This? This was the kind of thing you might put down actual money for. Something old, grand, expensive.
If you wanted to live like a [King], Wistram was a fine place for it. Yet Trey had given her the camera. She prompted him.
“You know that means there are tracking spells on us. There was no clue; Lamont only told me, and I covered for him. They still found him.”
“I know.”
