8.63 K
Page 19
“I thought you said that you didn’t need…?”
Gazi put aside her claymore. Then she stretched out. She lay her head against the edge of Trey’s bed, stared up at the ceiling, and her relaxed, confident demeanor vanished. She spoke upwards.
“I don’t. I needed him to leave.”
Trey saw Gazi exhale, long and loud. She sat back up, and he realized that she had been sitting deliberately. Confidently, her sword on her knees, looking Calac and Trey in the eyes.
With the young man gone, Gazi sagged, ever-so-slightly, and Trey saw the motion as familiar. Because it was what he would have done.
She didn’t put her head between her knees or cover her face—and she certainly hadn’t in front of Calac. But with only Trey in the room, and Minizi edging over to her claymore? Gazi revealed her own disappointment.
“That thing spotted me. It nearly had me, but it was on patrol. It saw me, Trey. It was made by my kind.”
“Gazers. Is it—how dangerous is it?”
The [Scout] shrugged. She looked at Trey.
“What did it seem like to you?”
“Um…scary. Too intelligent. The [Mages] made it go back, but I thought…it was following you.”
Gazi saw Trey shiver. She nodded imperceptibly. Then she hesitated.
“Did it seem…beautiful to you?”
Trey Atwood looked at Gazi. He wavered between honesty and…no, he went with honesty.
“No. It horrified me. I’m sorry if that’s…it scared me. It reminded me of A’ctelios Salash. It was terrifying.”
Gazi looked at Trey for a long time. Then she turned her head and smiled.
“I, as well. I did not find it beautiful. Though, surely, it is to Gazers. I have seen their artwork. The eyes, the look of it—it is beautiful. I could not find it so. I suppose I see beauty as my other half does.”
The young man sat up and looked at Gazi in surprise. She didn’t look at him with any of her eyes. Instead, she picked up Minizi as the foot-tall version of the Lifesand Golem tried to steal her claymore.
The Lifesand Golem began punching at Gazi’s arm at once. But Gazi ignored her and placed her in her lap. She watched as Minizi delivered the old one-two to her stomach, and her sand-fists did nothing at all to Gazi’s armor.
“Why did you make an image of me as your Golem?”
She looked at Trey. He was still focused on what she’d said and how sad it was. The young man muttered.
“I, uh…didn’t have anyone to talk to. I thought it was fun. Minizi isn’t you. She’s funny.”
“She is? Hm.”
Gazi tilted the Lifesand Golem left and right, ignoring the kicking and even attempted biting. Trey tried to elaborate.
“Viltach—Archmage Viltach, I told you about his private lessons? He likes her too. Minizi’s a good helper. I don’t show her around, but a lot of people like her. She’s not like you—she’s a toy, sort of. She’s cute.”
“Cute.”
Trey paled as he saw Gazi glance up at him. She held the bobble-headed Golem up and inspected her face, albeit with simplified cartoonish features. Trey had a horrible feeling Gazi was upset and Minizi went still suddenly. Nervously.
Then the half-Gazer smiled. Gazi looked at Minizi.
“Cute. I have never heard that word used about me. Good.”
She patted Minizi on the head, awkwardly, and put her down. The Lifesand Golem sat on her butt and stared up at big-Gazi. The two locked gazes, and Gazi sighed. Trey saw her glance at him.
“I cannot defeat it. I do not wish to try. So. That Golem must go, or we must find a way to bypass it. I will not gamble on Amerys’ release if I can—and if I must, it will be the best odds possible. Trey, I need your help. You must find a way to clear the path.”
“Me?”
