8.63 K
Page 18
This was from a time neither dominated by outright war nor pure control and power. Had Ullsinoi had it all along? Was it just…buried in Wistram, condemned to wander other places? Or did the [Mages] keep it out of sight unless they needed it because they didn’t need nightmares?
Perhaps all of these things combined. The one thing Trey knew, the instant he saw the singing Golem, wandering the maze was simply this:
It had been made by [Mages], [Golem Artificers], of Wistram. For the singing…Golem…even had robes and carried a staff, like a parody of a [Mage]. Male? Female? He couldn’t tell. But instinct told Trey that whenever it had been created…
It had been made by Gazers. When an Archmage of their kind, perhaps, ruled Wistram.
He knew this because of the eyes. So many eyes. Too many—and not the gemstone ones that harkened to a machine’s look. Sculpted, too-real eyes. Nor was this Golem made of marble or stone. It looked…wet.
It sang, and each eye was searching around. They must have been able to see as well as Gazi’s eyes. Because when Trey peeked out at it, an eye was already locked on him. Gazi Pathseeker backed away. He saw her retreating, as the guards argued and shouted at it to go back. As unnerved as Trey, for all they hid it.
Gazi left, and Trey did too, not that any of the guards even blamed him after seeing that. But that was the thing about heroes and legends. It was reasonable that she failed; this was a scouting run. Even so, he saw the uncertainty return to Calac when they debriefed. Felt it himself.
That creeping possibility of failure.
 
——
 
“I do not know what that is. All I know is that the singing heard me. As Trey says…like bats and some monsters who use sound. What did you call it?”
“Echolocation.”
Gazi just nodded. She sat there, tending to her sword.
Which, to be clear, didn’t mean sharpening it. Gazi had told Trey once that she had never needed to sharpen her sword, a fact that defied belief for him until she cut through a stone, chunk by chunk, hacking it down and then letting him test the edge with a feather.
Rather, Gazi was applying something to the edge. Brushing it down with a strange, floral-scented liquid.
Poison? Something else? She sat very straight, calmly talking to the two young men.
“I could not bypass it. So I retreated. Nor do I like the four [Mages] on the outside and the two on the inside. I have proven I can reach the mage. So. We must account for the remaining variables.”
Calac Crusland nodded. Gazi glanced at him and gestured. One eye rolled towards Trey, and the [Sand Mage] hesitated as Gazi went on.
“…I have been prepared for a long time. I will take no chances, Calac Crusland, nor should any of us.”
“Of course, Lady Pathseeker.”
She smiled, still focused on her blade.
“Months of preparation. For me? Sitting in the ocean. I even levelled.”
Trey and Calac blinked.
“You leveled?”
Gazi lifted her sword.
“Yes. From hiding. Killing monsters—Reefeyes, among others—on the edge of Wistram’s barrier. Practicing magic. This is a difficult errand, but I did level.”
“Did you gain a Skill, Lady Pathseeker?”
She swiveled one eye to Calac and smiled mysteriously. The [Lord] flushed.
“Forgive me. That is surely a secret.”
“Mm. But take heart that I am levelling. Hm…”
Gazi checked the edge of her claymore with her thumb. She glanced at Calac.
“I need a whetstone. Could you find me one suited for enchanted blades?”
“I have one in my rooms. I could fetch it if it suits…?”
He instantly leapt to his feet. Gazi nodded, and Calac hurried off. Trey frowned as Calac closed the door.
