8.63 K
Page 26
There was so much wonder in the world. Too many things to do. You could live free—or burn a rotten city to the ground to save a few souls.
What were you doing here, then? What was the point of risking your life if you only got one chance?
If you believed you would never die, that was one thing. You were simply wrong. But if you knew you would die? If you had seen an old man’s head encased in ice and known what it was like to bleed out on the floor? Why did you fight?
There had to be a reason. Trey had a reason to risk it all. Beyond that?
Wistram was too small. If the higher floors were unlocked, if they dared to descend into the catacombs and below—if they opened every door and smashed every cage, it would have been the academy of dreams and no one would ever think of leaving.
It was small, for as large as it pretended to be. Perhaps it fooled the other [Mages], but Earth’s children had already flown through the skies. They had walked through vast cities whose suburbs stretched out beyond the line of sight, looked up and seen skyscrapers too.
“If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go?”
Trey Atwood brought it up over lunch that day. He sat with the Earthers. Not Emirea, Tov, and Goelv. They’d all skipped class, as had Trey, honestly. They needed a lie-down.
No, Goelv was lying down. Emirea might be more passed out. Tov had gone for a walk. Calac was watching Goelv’s rooms. Minizi was sitting in Emirea’s room. Gazi was watching Tov.
“Hm?”
The Earthers at the table looked up from food. Good food. A level—six levels above a continental breakfast at any hotel. Fine rooms. Silk bed sheets, if you could finagle them. Free room and board. Magic lessons optional.
They were staring at a scrying orb. A scrying orb showing Flynn flying through the air. That was one of the people in the magical suits of armor.
The others? A strangely intense young man, a boy, getting into the armor.
“Archmage Eldavin, what is the point of offering these suits of armor? To…can you tell me who this is?”
A Drake was speaking to the half-Elf on screen. Eldavin. He nodded.
“This is Lancest of Pheislant.”
“And is he a [Mage]?‘
The Archmage of Memory stroked at his beard as he watched Sa’la help the boy put each piece on, teaching him how to use it.
“Hm? No. Not a student of Wistram at all.”
“Then…is he an acquaintance of yours?”
The female Drake sat at a desk. Eldavin frowned.
“I met him only yesterday and interviewed him. Lancrest is a son of Pheislant, whose nation is de facto at war with Ailendamus. He has seen the wars of yesteryear. His parents died in the border conflict with Ailendamus. That is why he is wearing the armor.”
His eyes glinted. He seemed to be looking at Trey. He spoke, as if to the young man.
“He has no authority, no power to redress what happened to him. He never will. But he will have the chance to change the future. We all have our reasons to risk everything, [Reporter] Tewing. Ailendamus will be checked. To use a metaphor, this is my line in the sand. I invite them to try and wash it away, because I will continue to draw it until I find what I want.”
“…And what is it you want, exactly, Archmage?”
He did not reply. Trey saw everyone lock on the image of Eldavin as Flynn flew past him. The magic helmet was off, so they could see him laughing and flying over Pokey’s head as the Needlehound raced below him, barking.
“Fuck, Aaron. You made Iron Man. Congratulations.”
Saif spoke at last. He turned to the [Magictech Engineer] and slapped him on the shoulder. Aaron Vanwell gave Saif the exact opposite of a smile.
