8.63 K
Page 14
Trey Atwood watched it happen. He was shaking the entire time she stealthed towards the Creler-mural to investigate.
No…break Amerys out. If it were possible. The Gazer had listened to their detailed account of the traps and problems and nodded.
“I will attempt to reach her tonight.”
Calac and Trey had looked at her, astonished, but the half-Gazer just smiled.
“I cannot know how difficult it is until I attempt it myself.”
She was a professional, an expert. And confident enough to gamble on detection for information. Trey accompanied her on this mission. Not because he could keep as quiet as her; rather, as a distraction.
He had every ability to visit Amerys—or try to—so Gazi told him to walk to the Creler-murals, pace around or go inside if he thought it was permissible, and then return to his rooms.
Meanwhile, she would be attempting to bypass the layers of security. So Trey did just that. He wondered how Gazi was going to reach that spot.
Even if no one seemed to be actively looking for her, despite her intrusion into Wistram—and he was certain they had noticed the dead Golem—the hallways had ordinary Golems walking them, and [Mages]. And Ullsinoi.
The method scared the hell out of him when Gazi revealed how she was going to do it. And he realized—Level 40 was a long way from Level 20 or Level 30.
Trey Atwood felt Gazi’s breath on his neck. Probably because she wasn’t bothering to keep hidden. He felt his skin prickling, but he passed by a [Mage] who only nodded sleepily at him. The Selphid never saw Gazi.
She was walking right behind him. [Walking in Your Shadow].
He had no idea she could do that, but it explained how she was famously hard to find. Nor did Gazi simply rely on this cloaking Skill.
“Take a left. Speed up.”
Trey instantly sped up a bit. He didn’t know what Gazi had spotted, but she wanted him to take a detour. He turned down a hallway and slowed at Gazi’s prompting. He walked on, sweating. Trey wanted to mutter, ‘what was that’? But he didn’t.
She must have known what he was thinking, so she answered for him.
“Invisible Mage. Perhaps a student. Perhaps not.”
He nodded fractionally. Gazi was steering him away from any possible detection—and there was a lot more of it than he thought. Warded doors in residential areas. Entire hallways she didn’t know the purpose of. And Golems—
All the mundane ones she let him walk past, but every Golem that looked well-made—and even a few that appeared more mundane—she told him to walk wide of. Trey stared at one of the Golems he was told to back away from.
It looked like it was just a clay Golem. Rough-made, almost to the point where the dark brown, earthy clay might leave detritus everywhere. Constantly soft clay, a common laborer Golem that was carrying its burden down the hallway; it had a harness pulling a floating trolley piled up with gemstones from Salazsar.
Very rough, very cheap—for a Golem, an expensive creation that few people in the world could afford—especially for Wistram, the Academy of [Mages], and a Golem that Zelkyr or his people might have created.
Too cheap, Trey realized. He eyed the Golem as he turned and walked sideways. Gazi’s voice was a hair tenser in his ear.
“There’s something inside of it. Walk faster.”
Trey would never look at the Golems of Wistram again the same way. Not after this night. Especially because, when they reached the hallway with the Creler-mural at last, nearly twice as long as it would have taken Trey normally, even with Telim guiding him…
Gazi slipped past the Gemstone Golems in the time it took Trey to peer inside and be recognized.
