8.63 K
Page 20
Of all the things…Gazi just stared at Trey. Seriously. With no hint that she was pranking him.
“Yes, you. I need your help, Trey. I cannot do this alone. That is why I asked my lord to send you with me. Why you took so long to learn Wistram. You have to help me. You can do what I cannot and build this escape.”
“But I failed. I’m not good at infiltration or…”
She raised two of her four fingers and flicked them dismissively. Instantly, Minizi copied the gesture, looking at Trey.
“Not that. I know how to do those things. Hide, strike, be merciless—if this were another place, a war camp, and Amerys were a prisoner under lock and key, I would set fire to a nearby village. Or kill a patrol. Distract them. Harry them. Or slip in like a shadow and set her free without anyone noticing. I can do neither, here. This is a dangerous place—so I need someone who can move it from within. I need you to trick the [Mages]. Manipulate them. Charm them, Trey. You already have a distraction. It is a good one; you must help me as much as you can.”
She stared at him intently. Trey sat there, dry-mouthed. Gazi went on.
“Allies? Set them against each other. I will help you decide if it is good—but you must help me do it.”
“But…me? Why was it me?”
Trey had always assumed that he was picked because he was the only person for the job. Teres was a soldier, and she had been spotted on the scrying orb in Flos’ company. He was the only young man who Flos could trust…
…Besides every young man in all of Reim who was truly loyal to Flos. Oh. Gazi turned to Trey, and he saw Minizi now copying her, motion for motion.
The Lifesand Golem smiled sadly and touched just below her central eye.
“It was never possible for me to perform your role, even if I could disguise myself. I am not charming, Trey. I am not…friendly. You are. Even Fetohep and the Quarass like you.”
“She cut my throat!”
Gazi shrugged.
“She did it personally. She does not do that for just anyone.”
He thought it was a joke, but no one laughed. Gazi went on, and that look of melancholy intensified.
“I envy that ability. Seeing the best in people. I never learned how. I only saw the very worst in them for a long time. Until I met a boy who would be [King].”
Her gaze slowly lifted towards his. Trey was very still as Gazi went on, her eyes distant.
“He is flawed, stubborn, I admit, and he does not see the world I do. Nor even you. He harms people, and he has put people into chains, and he will do terrible things. He is not perfect. But he has never let power make him worse in all the many ways it makes others. He was the first person I met like that.”
Trey said nothing. Gazi put her hands on her legs and then stood. Her large eye flicked to the door, and she spoke as Calac Crusland edged back in with eight whetstones of various gradations.
“So. I am counting on you, Trey. Where do we begin?”
Trey looked at Gazi. He inhaled, exhaled hard, and spoke as Calac turned to him.
“Calac and I couldn’t do it.”
Someone kicked his leg. Trey amended his statement.
“And Minizi. You’re right, Gazi. We can’t do this alone. So…we’d better get reinforcements.”
 
——
 
Two Days Ago.
The bigger a plan was, with more moving parts and people, the more likely it was to fail. Trey knew that.
Not first-hand. Just from movies and stories.
However, it was also true that three people plus one Lifesand Golem was three. Or four, but no more than that. Against all of Wistram’s finest?
They needed an edge.
So Trey made a list, and Gazi checked it twice. She even recognized some names, and when she smiled—Trey knew they had a chance.
