8.63 K
Page 8
The armored warrior looked up, spotted the javelin coming towards his face, and blocked it. It still knocked him stumbling back towards the wall. His head tilted up, and Maresar shot him through that sliver of his throat. She lowered her bow, arm burning, and searched for Venith.
He wasn’t dead. So Maresar breathed in, checked herself, and reached for another arrow. How much longer until the walls fell? Until…
She wondered where Calac was. Maresar grinned. If this were any other battle, if she didn’t have him—her eyes locked on Venith—
She’d run. Run and live, but how was she supposed to run if he wouldn’t? If everything that mattered was here—
Ah, no wonder she’d stopped leveling in [Bandit Lord]. Maresar looked up.
And Calac was in Wistram. Wonderful. She smiled as she reached for another arrow. The army kept climbing, ten thousand targets, a hopeless battle. Maresar grinned as she shot another arrow, not for the love of blood or anger or joy. Just relief. Venith was still standing. Calac was in Wistram.
She had nothing to fear.
 
——
 
Three Days Ago.
 
Archmage Viltach was a man who took baths. As opposed to a man who took showers, which was largely what you could split most of the known world into. Baths—yes, steam baths and saunas and whatnot were variations—or showers.
There were also the degenerate monsters who took neither and just walked around accumulating and spreading filth, or the even more deranged [Mages] who cast [Cleanse] on themselves every day.
Viltach, however, was in a subset of bathing people who employed various mixtures to improve bathing. Herbal additives, oils, and bubbles.
Oh, lots of bubbles. Was it childish to create a huge pool of hot water you could jump into with suds so high they’d hide you from the world?
Yes. But his children loved it, which proved the point, and Viltach had learned the romantic and relationship qualities of a bath. Yes, you could in theory do that in a shower, but a shower was always rushing things.
He missed his children. Some of them missed him. It was about time for another visit. But the Archmage was stressed, busy with a war that Eldavin had begun—the situation with Amerys—
And his one moment of solace besides sitting at his crafting station was ruined three minutes into his bath. The Archmage stomped out of his rooms as the alarm-spell grew louder and louder.
“Who is making that racket? No one should be able to manipulate the door-alarms but me.”
Or an Archmage. If this was some j—
Viltach stopped. He looked up, went for a wand, realized he was in his hastily thrown-on, unenchanted robes, and realized this was the moment he died. It was, of course, never how you expected it.
The looming figure’s crushing hand of porcelain hovered above his face. A gleaming, perfect mask of sculpted ceramics. A Golem. This was it. They were going to kill him. This was—
Viltach realized it was not his death a moment later, and the instinctive fear turned to relieved anger.
“What are you doing?”
The Golem was no serving Golem. Nor was it Cognita, but for a second the pale white of the light blue porcelain had made him think—
But it was a male Golem, with an impressive physique under ornate, sculpted clothes. No serving Golem, this. They tended to have some element of puppet-qualities, a deliberate lack of details. This Golem?
This Golem had a sword on its back. It was one of the protector Golems. Viltach never saw it roaming about.
“Wh—what is this about? Who sent you?”
