8.63 K
Page 25
The King of Destruction was under siege. This could be it. But until the walls fell…
He stared at the distant image of one of Drevish’s towers throwing down a massive bolt of lightning. As if he could see the battle. When someone took the walls for a second, or a high-level Skill was used, the [Mages] zoomed in.
Twice, they had shown Venith Crusland or Maresar, who they labeled as Flos’ vassals. ‘Carn’ pretended not to stare at the scrying orb.
“What’s this about, Troy? We have class in under an hour.”
The young man was leading the group out of the banquet hall. He didn’t answer Tov at first. Messill and Atritha weren’t with them.
It was Emirea, Goelv, and Tov. Calac helped Trey by distracting the Rhir-girl and Drake by asking them to help him study for a test and a spell he was getting wrong; they were all in the same class.
The more advanced students were with Trey, and his biggest friends outside of the Earthers. The Earthers…they’d be next.
They had to move fast. Tomorrow, Gazi had told Trey. Tonight was prep. Like him, she knew they had to hurry, but she insisted they had to get it right. Give everyone time to get everything in order.
He’d suggested leaving this part off till the end so his friends could choose. Giving them a night to think seemed unwise, but Gazi had overruled him.
“We will tell them now and let them choose. I will watch them. But we must know ahead of time what they will do.”
He couldn’t argue with that. Emirea glanced at Trey.
“Are you alright, Troy? You look pale. Is everything okay?”
“Please tell me it’s not worms again.”
Goelv elbowed Tov, and Trey almost flushed at the memory.
“No, it’s, um…I have something to show you. A big secret.”
“A Hidden Hallway?”
Emirea grew excited. Goelv stared at Trey, and the young man tried to smile at them.
First his friends. Then Elena and the others. Then he had to get rid of the Golems. Tomorrow? Viltach. Viltach, and Trey would have the key or know where it was. He’d link up—
And they’d go. Trey led them towards his room, and Tov snorted.
“Unless there’s a Hidden Hallway in Troy’s room, I bet he’s made a new Golem. What next? Flos-zi?”
He was in a bad mood today, for some reason. Perhaps it was guilt over revealing the secrets of the Drowned Folk to Trey or rightful suspicion. Emirea still seemed ready to be impressed.
Goelv? The Gazer boy was never talkative to begin with, slightly timid and self-conscious. However, he was chatty enough most times.
He had suddenly gone stiff as a board. His many eyes locked on one spot, which was so odd for a Gazer that Tov and Emirea looked at him with concern.
“Goelv? Is something wrong?”
“G—that—wh—”
The boy stammered. The young [Mage] looked at Trey, and the [Sand Mage] slowly opened the door.
“Just inside.”
Tov hesitated. He looked at Goelv, but the Gazer slowly walked forwards as if he couldn’t believe his eyes. Tov followed, reaching for a dagger. Emirea hesitated, but she looked at Trey with such trust before she went in, he felt terribly guilty.
The three friends walked into the room as Trey closed the door. And cast a [Silence] charm just in time because the first thing Emirea did, as Tov and Goelv stared, was scream.
 
——
 
It turned out stories were true. Legends were real, and they smiled at you with sharp teeth. Kings woke up and…
And he was just a man. A man who sometimes did things beyond belief. A man who was sometimes too small, too disappointing.
At the same time, it was possible to fly on a magic carpet high over the world and breathe in that night sky. If you didn’t mind dying.
