8.64 K
Page 52
Back to war. Trey closed his eyes. Was that all this was for? He saw light peeking on the edge of his vision and looked up.
The cheering and laughter slowed. Voices rose, and Trey opened his eyes.
In the dark sky of Wistram, a light shone. Not a star. Something brighter. Closer. It flew from the Academy of Mages, freed. Like a firefly made of shining magic itself.
It did not fly directly at the Illuminary; like two lights in the sea, one racing and leaping among the waves and the other soaring through the sky—Archmage Amerys rose higher.
Amerys, one of the King’s Seven. The Archmage. The lightning mage. The great warrior.
But that was not what Trey saw. He saw the woman fly up in a nimbus of light, and do a loop in the skies. Soar through the darkness, dive and skim along the waves, even dip into the ocean and out in a spray of color and magic.
He looked at her and saw the joy in her.
Free. They should all be free. She would keep her vow. He had to believe that. If for nothing else than because she had known it.
A beautiful sight. The Archmage flew after the Illuminary, and the vessel slowed. Rasea Zecrew, beaming, saluted Amerys as she alighted on the decks.
Barefoot, a bit battle-worn. Exhausted, but smiling. She looked at Gazi, the Quarass, and then found Trey. She nodded to him, then Calac Crusland.
“Gazi.”
“Amerys.”
The two looked at each other coolly, and Trey wondered if they would be like the other of the Seven when they squabbled. Then Gazi put out her hand, touched Amerys’ arm, and the Archmage threw her arms around her.
“Of all of them, I should have known you would never leave me behind.”
“We would all have gone. He missed you every day.”
Amerys’ voice was muffled.
“I will see him soon. Thank you. Thank you.”
Trey Atwood sighed. For legends, for freedom, for a change and just the next part of his life…he saw Rasea throw her head back and laugh—then slap the autograph-card out of her [First Mate]’s hands.
“Don’t ruin the moment, you idiot furball.”
“But [Captain]—I used to buy cheap shock-wands and pretend I was her!”
Amerys looked around. She swayed.
“Food. Food. I haven’t eaten in…aside from snacks. Food. Food, and tell me. And show me. And…and food?”
“Oi! Food for the Archmage! Get everything! Get the [Ship Cook] out! Where is that bitch?”
Rasea howled. A door flew open, and a figure pointed a finger at her.
“I am a [Saucier Sea-Chef]!”
The [Pirate] spread her hands and went to calm down the angry food-preparer. The crew bustled around Gazi and Amerys, just watching them. Trey realized Amerys was older than Gazi by almost ten years. She looked younger when she cast her great magics.
“It’s time. For better or worse—this will be my last war. We have much to discuss. Much…but show me Maresar’s son. Your armor.”
The Archmage was speaking to Gazi, leaning on her. The Gazer shrugged.
“It might be for the best. Here…”
And so it was over. Trey Atwood lay back. The deck was so…wet and hard and smelly and frankly muddy too. A [Deckhand], probably the most fearsome [Deckhand] in the world, paused as she swabbed past Trey’s face.
“You want a bed or something?”
Trey would love a bed. He would sleep, Illuminary at sea or not. Sleep…and then talk to Calac. Process what he’d done. Feel regrets.
Level up. Would he advance both his classes? Would Minizi gain something? He pushed himself up, halfway tempted to lie down and find out now. He saw Amerys speaking to Calac, who’d risen to bow before her.
Goelv, gazing at him and Gazi. Tov, eyeing the [Pirates]—Trey.
