8.64 K
Page 48
She left a trail of blue lightning in the air after her. At a speed beyond eyesight, she stepped through the world, leaving a trail of static and electricity. She swayed, coming to a halt in the visible world, and Feor and Viltach whirled. Their spells loosed harmlessly at her trail.
Amerys swung around, like a swaying zombie, and one eye opened.
Bright yellow, like the core of a lightning bolt. Her green hair was brighter, now. It waved around her, magnified by the static. The Archmage’s robes were a brilliant cloud pattern. Sky-blue and silver like clouds, mixed with red, the color of Flos’ hair.
“Amerys.”
Gazi smiled. She saw the Archmage look at her. Dreamily. Amerys breathed in as Feor and Viltach hesitated, spells on their fingertips.
They had never seen her fight directly. Quarrel, yes. But they didn’t walk battlefields. She did. Surely they had seen recordings, heard tales.
Amerys lifted a hand like a dancer. Her left arm, crossing her chest and arching back, like the curve of the moon. Her other hand extended outwards behind her, and she swayed, rotating her body around.
The world turned to lightning. A bolt of it came down from the ceiling and blew the two Archmages back.
Feor’s barrier flashed, and the lightning struck him, but he was warded against it! He was warded against—
His barriers evaporated underneath the spell. The half-Elf felt a force throwing him. Viltach popped out of the air to the left. He looked rattled; both [Mages] were alive, but their barriers had shattered. The electricity wards weren’t working.
“No one can resist my lightning. Hello, Gazi.”
Amerys threw her head back as Feor fired eight of [Valmira’s Comets] at her.
“[Two Hundred Arrows of Stone]!”
Viltach filled the air with lesser spells instead, focusing on rebuilding his shield. Amerys tossed her head back and her hair crackled. Each strand became the inverse of a lightning rod.
For a moment, some strange creature with crackling eyes and hair like a stormcloud flashed—
Then the bolts were travelling across the ground, leaping and striking Viltach, Feor—and blowing everything else around her to bits. Gazi ran for cover. She’d almost forgotten how much damage Amerys did to everything. She could take Feor and Viltach on her own. Where was Trey?
The eight [Valmira’s Comets] missed Amerys. Her counterattack frazzled Feor, and he looked around for her.
Amateur. He was an Archmage of Wistram, and he stood still like a tree. Amerys was a war-mage. She reappeared in another odd, slanted step as the spells passed her by harmlessly.
“Amerys—”
“Stop talking and get her!”
A wave of fire flew from Viltach’s hands. Feor threw all his magic at her as well. If she would dodge—then tracer spells! An orb of magic, like an Earther’s landmine, floating slowly after her but which would never—
Amerys charged them. Viltach had already cast [Haste]—Feor hadn’t because the self-enchantment spell was interfering with his other enchantments.
Viltach saw Amerys’ entire form glow and then elongate in a blur. Again, her entire body became more like a Lightning Elemental—or a woman made of energy.
She moved and crashed into Feor. No spells. She just hit him and carried him straight towards a wall.
Like Eldavin but—
The sound Feor made when he hit the wall made Viltach check if he were dead. The Archmage was surrounded by a magical, glowing shield, panting—and dazed. Viltach looked around and saw a glowing form coming straight at him.
“Dead g—”
