8.64 K
Page 30
An edge of death, swinging so sharp she might cut herself. Teresa Atwood saw Nawal lift something up.
“Aah. Aha.”
She muttered. The arrows were poisoned. She fumbled for an antidote, grinning blearily. But she stumbled towards Nawal.
“It’s beautiful, Nawal. It’s the most beautiful thing you’ve ever…”
Nawal said nothing. The [Smith] looked up and beheld the core of her blade.
Pure steel. A purity of steel you got only from reforging the metal again and again. Wearing away the excess, the impurity, wasting it, in truth. She could have made a dozen blades, two dozen, four dozen, from the metal she had burnt into scale and ash.
She had always known it was worth it for what she made. Art.
This? This…was that beautiful bar of pure steel. One that could become Naq-Alrama steel in time with a thousand other preparations.
Crushed. Beaten into broken pieces by a hammer. Pulverized into worthless metal and turned to slag by blood and dirt.
Worthless. Yet in defiance of that, she had hammered it in the very outline of a sword. If it held together, it was only because the blood had acted like a glue.
That was her blade. The former [Peerless Magical Smith] looked up and beheld the end of her class. She had tossed away her love of metal. Would it ever come back now she had betrayed it?
It didn’t matter. This dirty blade…that was not what Teresa was looking at.
It was the blood. Nawalishifra held up the blade to the sky and felt not the bite of metal scraps and blood on her hand.
Her grip was solid but…wet. The air rippled, and a red blade’s edge ran downwards like water. Nawalishifra had made steel that looked like it flowed as if it were water.
This? This was a blade of liquid. Yet sharp—so sharp it sliced the anvil as she lowered it.
The sacrificial metal was surrounded by blood. It formed a sword around its wretched core. A sword too long to be practical, dark red. Opaque and horrible.
A sword of blood.
That was all. Yet Nawal laid the blade on the anvil, and it did not collapse. She stepped away, raised her right hand, and looked at her wrist.
A thin line of red stretched away from the sword as the [Smith] staggered back. A…trail of her blood.
She and it were connected. But the sword was more than her blood. It was the ichor of the fallen. The price of so many bodies and lives taken.
The pooled crimson on the ground stirred. A perfect moat of it around the anvil. Slowly…rising upwards. Globules of red floating upwards and joining the blade.
It did not grow with the mass of the blood but seemed to condense it. Heavy. It was already filled with the lifeblood of many bodies. It was so heavy—but as light as the mere metal inside of it.
Heavy on the soul, light on the hand.
The [Smith] stared at it. She had never been more ashamed of a work in her life. She was not relieved—but there it was.
“A blade such as you have never seen, King of Destruction. With this, I fulfill my promise.”
The [Smith]’s face was pale under her veil. She raised it, but it was so covered with blood that she let it hang. She looked around.
“Now only a hand to wield it.”
The arrows fell no more. The archers had tried three times to kill the [Smith] in vain. Yet they had slaughtered the people at the gap. A roar of massed voices filled the air, and Nawal looked up.
Nerrhavia’s horde came for the gap, and there was no one to stand there. The end of Reim came. Civilians with weapons held in trembling hands looked towards a line of shining armor marching at the gap.
What a merciless sight, for this cursed continent of dust and blood. What a pathetic blade to leave for my legacy.
