8.64 K
Page 7
“Of course. What is this about…”
He realized this was one of them. Grimalkin’s Earthers, who no one could get near without an inconvenient half-Elf or someone else blocking them. This was an opportunity, so the Drake smiled, remembered Humans hated seeing teeth, and realized he was off to a bad start.
“Privately, Mage Lord? It’s about the…thing.”
“Er, of course. [Sphere of Anonymity].”
The Drake was a good spellcaster, after all. Level 46. One of Fissival’s best. A fitting representative, close to an Archmage in terms of levels, and again, treated like dirt.
He was also not Mage Lord Ollempus and was fairly sure no Mage Lord was named Ollempus and that this young man had his name wrong. But Troy seemed to think he had the right person.
“About the breakout, Mage Lord. I talked with the others, and they agreed. But it has to be in four days. We can’t prepare sooner.”
The Drake stared at Troy and did a double-take, which he turned into a huge cough.
“The b—of cour—right. The breakout. How many of you…? No, er, I’m fully prepared. But I’m not Ollempus.”
He had the wonderful experience of seeing the Human’s face turn dead white, and the [Mage Lord] hurried to reassure Troy.
“But I am on your side! You must have spoken with another one of us?”
“A—I—”
“It’s perfectly secret. What’s this about?”
He led Troy to his rooms, and the young man explained the plan—which he’d agreed to with an ‘Ollempus’. The [Mage Lord], whose name was Ascoden, incidentally, cursed as he tried to figure out who it had been. Illusion spells were a thing, but the important part was that one Walled City was trying to snipe all the Earthers!
“We were all informed, don’t you worry, young man. And we will be ready. Free passage, and, yes, we will not hold you like Wistram.”
He made the boy the promise; the High Command would agree, he was sure, especially since they had almost nothing otherwise, although they were looking and investigating odd reports.
Ascoden then went to report to Fissival and his fellow [Mages] after Troy had left, only for [Spell Brigadier] Ssolys to storm into a meeting with all of Manus’ Drakes and accuse him of a secret escape plot.
In the end, all six Walled Cities agreed, no matter who had arranged what to begin with, this needed to be a collaboration. They made plans, set up a diversion, and—
 
——
 
—And a young man’s [Plotter] class levelled up three times that day. So here they were, Drakes, Drowned Folk, adventurers, [Mages], and Golems, in the biggest tossup fight where no one knew what the others were doing.
All a distraction. Masterfully done. The only problem was that as clever as Trey had been…he was up against the pranksters of Wistram.
And they weren’t laughing. Then again—neither was Gazi Pathseeker.
 
——
 
If the fighting in the corridors leading towards the main hallway of Wistram were filled with flashy, low-level spells mostly to block or subdue each other, there was no such restraint in the mid-level hallways around the Creler-murals and the Mershi-lounge.
Mind you, the partying Libertarians didn’t even notice at first. Only when one of them, Timor du Havrington, walked out to find Rievan did he see the magical firefight going on.
A hallway of glowing, black flame stretched across his vision, so hot it was burning everything non-enchanted from the heat of it. Shimmering waves of heat rose amidst equally dark smoke, choking out the light. Timor heard nothing, and realized his own voice, his shout, was lost.
