8.64 K
Page 44
[Soldiers] began to flee—or threw down their arms and surrendered. And like a wave—
It was done. Nerrhavia’s Fallen broke on Reim’s walls, and Teresa looked around blankly. It was a glorious victory. But—she went to find Maresar.
Too high a cost. Too high, and it would have been wonderful but for that one cost to her.
 
——
 
So, like an afterthought, Amerys lay in her new bindings, wriggling slightly. She could move—a bit—but they had cast a sleeping spell and changed her lock.
She feared that boy’s attempts would fail. Especially when the announcement came and the wary [Guards]—four now—were joined by two more.
The Archmage of Lightning, the Archmage of Chandrar, the Calm Flower of the Battlefield—a name given to insult her—watched as they conferred, deliberating whether to join in the fighting.
Calm Flower. Why was it always flowers for women? Well, Mars got ‘the Illusionist’, but the point stood.
They were too smart. None of the guards went to help at first. That was, until they heard the Earthers were breaking loose. Then two Revivalists and a Centrist broke ranks after a loud argument.
Three remained. They conferred about the door and the maze—not to mention a quarter of all the Libertarians at some party or other. The [Battle Mages] watched her, and Amerys waited.
“Ullsinoi changed their maze. Only they can get through. And there’s the door. They’ve got Gazi the Omniscient cornered.”
Yolv, the Dwarf, murmured to the other two. The Naga nodded, and one of Viltach’s Libertarians choked up on the staff she was holding. They were trying to raise the other [Mages] for news.
Rasea Zecrew was in Wistram. Amerys’ neck was tingling. She had heard stories—from Naili mainly, to gloat—about how she’d beaten Flos. But a [Pirate]…?
Gazi? Gazi hated bad plans. Amerys had a suspicion, but she waited. The [Mages] were watching the war in Reim, and she was checking their expressions when someone reached the magic door.
They went through the maze only Ullsinoi’s people could crack. They came to the door, the one that had sealed off the passageway and in their grand plan, their scheme amongst a scheme—
The Quarass blew the door down with magic.
All three [Battlemages] opened up with spells. One came back straight at them.
[Chain Lightning]. No…red lightning that created smoke. A rolling orb Yolv saw and projected a barrier around—
Someone good had come to save Amerys. The Archmage watched. It was…three against one. No! Three against two? Low-level spells and sand were flying through the air. Then a little Lifesand Golem charged forwards, got blown to pieces by own of Yolv’s spells, and the Dwarf shouted.
“Troy! No! Don’t do this—”
He hesitated—a spray of sand burst against his shield, and he ignored it. The Libertarian went down, choking, as a pellet of gas she hadn’t noticed finally took her out. The Naga swayed, and Yolv’s anti-poison charms fought it off.
A girl and a young man charged the [Mages]. They ran into killing spells. The girl had her own barriers. The boy?
His amulet flashed, and a scintillating cage rose around him. It ate three Tier 4 spells as the Dwarf swore, and the boy created a [Light Spear]. A powerful artifact. Amerys wondered where he’d gotten it.
The girl, Emirea, had the Serkonian Lance. But she was not the [Lady]—Amerys’ eyes widened as she saw the removed makeup.
Trey grappled with Yolv. The Dwarf dodged the [Light Spear], cast a force-spell at close range, and blew Trey off his feet. The Naga and Quarass fought in a close-range spellcasting duel. One was mature, had levels, and had a far larger mana pool.
