8.64 K
Page 41
“Enough. All plans eventually must come to action or fail. I have what I want. The King of Destruction will have his Archmage.”
The Quarass gently touched the Serkonian Lance, and Nailihuaile’s eyes bulged as she swayed in place. The ruler of Germina looked at her and smiled without a hint of mercy or regret.
 
——-
 
It was about plans. When Flos Reimarch had first known he would free Amerys, he had not known how to make his plan work.
Oh, he had surely seen Trey Atwood’s talents, but the King of Destruction was also canny enough to know throwing one boy—even with an ally or two—against Wistram’s cunning was a fool’s errand.
It was Gazi who had beheld the Quarass and seen a better plan. The King of Destruction had presented it to her thusly.
“I will send Trey, Gazi, and I think Calac or some others. But you will free my Archmage, Quarass of Germina. Not even Gazi will know where you are, and Trey will believe he is the only agent.”
“Cunning. Why would I agree, and why do you think I would succeed where your Seven would not?”
The King of Destruction snorted softly as he offered her a cup. She wanted wine but took goat’s milk for a growing body.
“You are the Quarass of Ger. Also, I think, you might relish the chance to take what you will from Wistram. As for what I can offer…name it. You could, of course, betray me, Quarass. Don’t think it hasn’t crossed my mind. But I believe you will not.”
Her eyes narrowed as she considered his offer. She could have always betrayed his trust later, so it hurt her not at all to go with his plans.
It was not hard to pretend to be a [Lady] from Terandria. Changing one’s skin tone was easy, and she had been Terandrian in past lives.
As an [Actor], a [Spy], an [Alchemist] especially…even as a [Mage], Flos was right. Gazi was nothing compared to the Quarass’ ability—if only she was willing to risk herself.
The tipping scales for her were simply three factors. The Serkonian Lance. Nailihuaile walked around with it so casually.
The second? Earthers. The danger of Earthers and what Wistram was doing. The third?
Archmage Eldavin’s warriors of the future, clad in metal armor. The Shield Kingdom’s ruler recalled a similar sight—only with Drakes. But it bothered her.
 
——
 
So, now. Reim could not fall if she was allied with the King of Destruction. Maresar’s death was regrettable, but the Quarass had told Khalid only to signal the counterattack once Nerrhavia committed fully.
She had laid a careful plan. Of course, Trey had made his own plans and the Quarass had hijacked them. Naili hissed as she saw part of it.
“My guards.”
The girl nodded.
“Asleep. I freed the boys. Ullsinoi was my opponent. And getting to Amerys.”
Even for her, it was difficult. But…the Quarass was taking command of the Serkonian Lance. She was fighting Naili for control, so she spoke as she stepped back. The Star Lamia wasn’t falling to her poison. She was swaying, barely upright, but her eyes were locked on the Quarass with slitted pupils.
“Give me my staff!”
She attacked with a shriek of magic. The Quarass planted the staff.
“[The Serpentine Shield of Queth]!”
The spell activated, and Naili’s eyes bulged as a pair of [Shatterbolts] splintered right in front of the Quarass. The girl didn’t flinch.
“How can you cast…?”
“I am the Quarass. I have been [Archmage] and great spellcasters of lives past. Seldom do I have the chance to employ all my magic.”
Passingly seldom. Archmage Eldavin had given her tips that would help every Quarass in the future. Who was he?
