8.64 K
Page 47
What a strange oath. The Archmage of half-Elves was breathing quicker as Viltach glanced at him. Viltach swung around, looking about. Then he noticed Gazi was gone.
But neither man went after her. They stood, back-to-back, eying the other hallways leading into this room.
By now, the other [Mages] had noticed the charge in the air. One of them whispered.
“I feel lightning magic in the air.”
Someone looked out the window. A storm was brewing. Wistram’s bubble of calm was changing, and rain and winds were beginning to pick up.
“It’s her.”
One of the [Mages] muttered. The younger students glanced at him, but everyone else knew exactly who it had to be. Their heads turned to the two Archmages who were casting barrier spells.
“[Greater Lightning Ward].”
“Put it on me.”
Viltach hissed at Feor. The Archmage hesitated and then cast the spell. Feor looked around.
“Where is Galei?”
The Centaur was gone. And—as Feor watched—one of the older Council-[Mages] calmly and deliberately cast a spell.
“[Levitation].”
Everyone turned, wondering if the [Mage] was going to fight—they saw the Selphid float upwards, yank open a window, and fly out of the banquet hall. Another [Mage] cast [Invisibility]. More began to leave.
“Libertarians—”
Viltach looked around uncertainly. Feor snapped.
“Centrists, to me! Stand together!”
But no one came. Some of the [Mages] drew together rather than run.
“She’s one Archmage. We’ve got two here and she was locked up for…she’s only one woman.”
This was true. And the Golems were led by a green-eyed presence, who had restored order with the threat of violence to anyone who attacked her. Feor turned to her.
“Cognita—”
“I am restoring order with the [Pirates] and last outsiders. Do not bother me.”
The Golem turned her head to stare at him. The Archmage looked at her.
“Amerys is free.”
“Yes.”
The Truestone Golem’s proxy looked amused. Feor hesitated.
“Then…?”
“I see no reason to intervene in a dispute between Archmages of Wistram. Golems. Clear the area. Protect any students, I suppose.”
The Golems began to evacuate the room as well. The [Mages] ran. Viltach hesitated.
“My rooms…”
Feor just stood there. They wouldn’t make it.
The charge in the air was reaching a peak. Bits of electricity were zapping between hovering pieces of metal. Even with their ward-spells, the Archmages felt it.
It was one element. They had greater electricity wards.
But they also hadn’t…fought…Amerys the first time. Three Archmages had ambushed her.
This time…
She was coming for them.
“Amerys! You have a mission, and this will be a costly battle for the both of us! Let us negotiate or go our own ways!”
Feor raised his voice, projecting it into the hallways. He sounded bold, a force of power negotiating with an equal.
Gazi, hidden, cloaked, and drinking healing potions, could have told him how stupid and fruitless his bartering was. Her main eye was locked on one point. She was counting down.
Eight…seven…four…one…
Amerys appeared in the banquet hall so fast that the flash of lightning beat both Archmages’ bound spells. They fired, a series of ray-spells, a comet, a flare as a wall of fire erupted.
All far too late. Even Gazi couldn’t predict how Amerys would move.
Because she was lightning. She drifted into the room at a speed only Gazi could see. Head angled slightly to one side, almost as if she were sleepwalking. Barefoot—a sleepy walk from a woman whose muscles were atrophied from lack of use.
