8.64 K
Page 22
The Golem tried to hobble forwards and realized her leg was too badly damaged to keep moving. It was breaking, even trying. Cognita spoke in her voice.
“Repair yourselves. Do not let yourselves be destroyed.”
An odd thing happened. The brickwork Golem stopped and nodded. His eyes lost that green sheen, and so did the serving Golem’s. She stepped back as Minizi grabbed her sword and stumbled away. Cognita was no longer there, and the serving Golem let the brick Golem pick her up and carry her off.
None of that stopped Trey from sprinting down the corridors, breaking every personal record, heedless of the pain in his chest. That didn’t compare to the terror in his soul.
Cognita was in Wistram. And she was not happy.
 
——
 
Depth Mage Doroumata was singed. She walked away from the banquet hall with three of her daughters.
Feor did not follow her. The Depth Mage linked up with her last daughter and looked at Elena.
“Where are the Silver Swords?”
“They ran into a Golem.”
“One Golem?”
Doroumata scoffed. Her daughter licked her lips behind the veil.
“Mother. It was…singing. The Silver Swords volunteered to keep it at bay.”
Doroumata paused. She glanced down the hallway.
“Avoid it. To the ship. Now.”
“We only have a handful of Earthers…”
The Shadeward looked over her shoulder and shook her head.
“We will not have any if we linger, or a ship. We have been tricked. Go, now!”
She led the Earthers at a striding pace down the halls of Wistram. Not at a run; she was sweeping for spells ahead of her. Because of that, she held up a hand and stopped—just as Rasea Zecrew skidded around the corner.
“Whoa!”
The [Pirate] put her sword up. Doroumata aimed a wand at her chest. The two recognized each other.
“Shadeward Doroumata!”
The [First Mate] swore. Doroumata’s daughters recognized them and aimed their wands at the [Pirates].
“Hold on! We’re not here to tangle with the Drowned Folk’s [Mages]. Hold on! Truce!”
Rasea Zecrew shouted. Doroumata hadn’t unleashed any spells either. The two regarded each other.
“Truce?”
Rasea held out a hand to Doroumata, a wary but fearless smile on her face. The [Depth Mage] eyed her balefully, but nodded.
“Truce. Go.”
She put up her wand and began to stride past Rasea. The [Pirate] eyed the Earthers with confusion. Her Gnoll [First Mate] muttered to her.
“Doroumata’s not a [Slaver]. What’s with the Humans?”
“Maybe another breakout. Remember everything. Secrets are worth as much as artifacts. Let’s…”
Rasea glanced ahead of them as her crew checked in with their other groups looting around the entrance hall. She frowned, glanced over her shoulder.
“…What’s that sound?”
The [Pirate] turned and saw Doroumata striding back the way she’d come. She was firing void magic as she went. The Earthers went running the other way.
“What is that? What is that thing?”
“Run! Shut up and—”
Elena was shouting at the others. The Illuminary’s crew turned in just in time to see a Golem appear.
Well…six Golems. But the main one was obviously the one with all the eyes. They weren’t even sure it was a Golem at first. It looked more like flesh than stone. And it was singing.
The Golem had multiple arms, too, and it was still holding onto the remains of Ylawes’ shield. It pursued Doroumata as the [Depth Mage] strode back. The [Pirates] raised their weapons, but Rasea eyed the Golem.
“Back it up, boys. They’re Golems.”
The [Pirates] smartly stepped into a side-room. One noticed a bunch of improvised musical instruments from Earth and nudged the others.
“Grab them.”
“What? They’re musical instruments—”
