8.64 K
Page 8
He saw five arcing spells and thought they were basic arrow spells at first—till they crashed against a wall and began to splinter into smaller arrows which rained down like needles. One needle struck him, and he staggered backwards, trying to yank it out of his arm—
The blade of the thin piece of magic cut up his entire hand before it vanished because it had no single edge to grab. Timor ran back as he saw a figure slowly walking through the black fire. A huge hound made of smoke itself, eyes burning with embers like sparks, sprang and tore into a howling Manticore, a summoned beast, which dissipated as a lance of the same too-bright orange arrows pelted it and lanced it from within.
Galei turned, eyes sweeping over Timor and grinning with amusement as he aimed two wands with each hand. The Centaur whirled and blasted as a figure leapt out of the smoke, but the Gazer’s armor took both spells. Needles rained down, but Gazi blocked one that splintered towards her face with a gauntleted hand. The rest bounced harmlessly off her armor, and she slashed, cutting the Centaur’s leg off.
The blood of the blade cutting through artery and bone and the Centaur’s silent scream as he jerked against the wall, fountaining it, made Timor try to shield his eyes. Gazi began to swing down—then hesitated. She stared at Galei and dove as a wall of fire consumed the air behind her, the smoke dog, the dying Manticore summon—
Galei’s illusion vanished as Gazi blurred down the hallway, touching a scroll at her belt. It flashed green with motes of yellow, and she vanished. Timor saw two [Mages] advancing after her, wands raised—
“Aaaah! Aaaaaaaaah!”
The young [Lord] from Terandria ran screaming into the Libertarians’ party. One hand was cut up, streaming red. The others didn’t even notice at first.
“Timor, I say, you gave me a start! What is it, did you find Riev…”
Charles de Trevalier looked up, saw Timor’s face of pure terror, and stopped uncertainly.
 
——
 
Gazi Pathseeker’s eye spun left, up, detonated a spell mid-flight, and her claymore moved in a complex pattern.
No sword dance.
No blademaster’s art.
Just following the path it needed to save her from dying. She had no true skill with a blade to claim—not like Mars or Orthenon. She was a better warrior than almost any you would find, but her style was her own. A calculation like any [Mathematician] might find beautiful because of how logical, practiced it was.
Deflect the stream of deadly acid with the flat of the blade, move your left arm—slice the tracking spell along its length there, it will splinter, but glance off your armor instead of cutting your face. So the blade must block the flash of light—one eye is blinded, the others see a [Shatterbolt] coming towards my side. My armor shudders, but it holds.
They are surprised, but that is my opening. I flick the dagger down, and the seal explodes, releasing a furious summoned beast. No—this one was contained. Drathian magic.
Of all the monsters, an Eater Goat. One of the two [Mages]—where is the Centaur? He is the most dangerous—instantly lances it with a needle-spell through the neck.
He doesn’t know that the goats will come for him until they are in pieces. This one lunges, and it goes to bits. Some kind of slicing barrier.
Still, it gives me an opening, and I charge them, my sword coming up to parry a spell, but I cannot parry the air itself. One of them throws what might be a pure explosion of mana at me as I lunge. I bring up my hand—it still burns my skin.
