8.64 K
Page 14
[Bound Spell: Invisibility]. A function of her [War Scout] class from her [Infiltrator] days. Gazi could become invisible twice a day for free, and she could use spell scrolls, of course, but that was like being naked in front of Ullsinoi.
However, their lack of sensor spells meant they had to spot her with their eyes. So the [Mages] warily moved through corridors, flooding them with clouds, trying to blast the air with fire or other magics to reveal her.
Gazi? She carefully extended both hands, planted her legs on the wall, strained, and performed an aerial planking maneuver over the head of one of the Ullsinoi [Mages], supporting herself from wall-to-wall with sheer physical strength.
Don’t look up. Don’t look—
He looked up. Gazi dropped on him with a sword, beheaded him, saw the illusion vanish, and threw a spell scroll.
[Wall of Stone].
“That hallway, there! She just killed my decoy—”
Spells blasted the wall of stone to chunks, but it bought her the time to leap into another hallway. Gazi saw a window, leapt through it, and slapped one hand to the outside of the wall.
[Suction Grip].
She began scaling the wall upwards as the [Mages] followed. She had to get out of their planned area.
A powerful magical aura was headed her way. An Archmage. Gazi kept climbing, saw fighting on the floor above, and grinned in relief. Good! Golems and Drakes fighting [Mages]. She could lose herself among—
Her hand touched a patch of stone, and she realized too late something was wr—
Gazi teleported straight back into the room she’d been in, an old art-room by the looks of it, with enchanted materials for paint and canvases with multiple dimensions and so on.
She had no time to admire the magical, baroque artwork of aeons before. An alarm began ringing.
“She just tried to scale the outside. On me.”
Galei’s voice. Gazi focused on that—then the thing that had appeared just in front of her. A small, red pinpoint of glowing light. Appearing in the air, condensing, rather, into something so tiny…her eye focused on it, and she swore and leapt.
The orb detonated and blasted the art room as the Gazer felt something kick her into the wall. Her hair and face were on fire. She grabbed a potion and smashed it over her face, glass and all. Then she got up and ran.
She had to trust. Trust they were making progress. Trust Trey! Trust…Gazi looked out the window.
Their escape plan. She had never told Trey how they were getting out of here. She froze as a new spell raced down the corridor. Absolute frost—Gazi threw herself left before Viltach’s spell hit her, but her armor was freezing cold.
“[Frostbody]!”
She cast the spell and her skin avoided frostbite—just. Thank goodness for that spellbook. Gazi started running again.
Who had put it there in that handy block of ice?
 
——
 
[Mages]. Sometimes, it felt like they were cheating. She knew, knew and had seen that was wrong. They trained and learned and grew differently, that was all. She had tried learning magic seriously once, and she could cast a Tier 3 spell.
Maresar had felt like her head was exploding each day. She’d suffered migraines and nosebleeds—the kind she had never known you could have. She knew magic was not easy and they paid their own price.
Even so. When she watched a man or woman raise their hands, point, cast [Fireball], and lay waste to an area—it seemed unfair to her. She raised her bow, sighted, performed a dozen calculations she could never explain about distance, angle, wind speed, and even the weight of her own arrow and draw of her bow—and loosed.
