8.64 K
Page 42
Naili attacked again, screaming, striking like a serpent, but the Quarass shielded herself, broke the spells, and let the poison do its work. Soon, the Star Lamia was lying on the floor, unable to move as her muscles gave up. Feverishly, she stared up at the Quarass.
“You won’t get away with this. I’ll remember this. Do you know who you’re crossing?”
The Quarass sighed. She walked around the Star Lamia, shaking her head.
“I have known the Archmages of Baleros, and many were more cunning than you, Archmage Nailihuaile. Most would not be foolish enough to threaten me as they were helpless. But even if they were not—I know. I do know you would bear a grudge. So.”
She planted the tip of the Serkonian Lance on Naili’s tail. The sharp tip—it could be used as a weapon as a last resort—pierced Naili’s scales. Instantly, the Star Lamia went still.
“You…you wouldn’t. I’m an Archmage.”
“Yes. One that bears a grudge.”
“I’ll forswear it!”
The Star Lamia shouted instantly. Her eyes turned to sudden fear. She looked at the Quarass, and the girl hesitated. Her lips moved silently and she peered at Naili curiously.
“What would you swear by? What would you do to convince me to let you live?”
“I’ll ally the Revivalists with you. I’ll give you artifacts. I’ll swear by Nagas and anything on truth spells not to go after you.”
Naili was panting. She was burning up with the damned pain and poison! This little—she’d swear.
Or she’d unleash every ounce of magic and vaporize everything in this corridor. Her teeth bared, her body arched—
And she felt a pain beyond the poison, beyond anything she’d ever felt, even Hydra venom, tearing up from the inside. She looked at the Quarass and saw those calm, cruel, impartial eyes.
She’d cast a spell. The Star Lamia shrieked.
“You—you! You—”
She still tried to cast one last spell. The Quarass shielded herself—but the impact of pure mana, the Archmage’s last attack, threw her back so hard she snapped a collarbone against a wall.
She got up, grabbing for the staff, and saw Nailihuaile die. Collapsing into a pool of acid. The Star Lamia had never intended to surrender.
The girl stared at the dead Archmage and then, limping, picked up her new staff. Using it as a crutch, she dragged a potion out of her pouch and hobbled onwards.
This was not over yet.
 
——
 
The Libertarians were fleeing. Running, fighting in a panic, but they were running. From one young man?
Yes. Yes, because he had an arrow, which he wielded like a dagger that pierced all barriers. That killed. They would have blasted him apart, even so, but Trey put his fingers together the moment he realized the barrier was down and cast one spell.
“[Karas Duststorm].”
The sand and wind blinded everyone, so spells flew as the [Mages] fought for cover. Calac was howling, charging them, stabbing—
And he was a [Warrior]. A warrior who had lost his mother.
Charles de Trevalier was going to kill him. The young man had his rapier out. His rapier—he thought of it like that. The bell dinged as the wind blew, and Timor raised a dueling sword. They both had wands, but they couldn’t tell where their friends were, so they hesitated.
“Charles! Charles, stop that damn bell! It’s giving us away!”
The [Lord] fumbled for Pisces’ bell, but too late. Both young men saw something coming at them through the storm.
A glowing light. Timor aimed his wand at it.
“Stay back or we’ll kill you!”
Was it Trey or Calac? Surely Trey—Charles hesitated as the light bobbed—then charged.
“Die!”
He [Flash Stepped] into the light spell and stabbed his rapier home. He felt the impact and stumbled backwards.
