8.64 K
Page 10
A [Mage] spoke up. The two Ullsinoi [Mages] glanced back, surprised, and Galei took the cigar out of his mouth. He flicked it down, picked up another one, and shrugged.
“Your loss. We’re not going to protect you. But we could use some shields.”
The Humans didn’t know what to say to that. They hesitated and wisely hung back. Ullsinoi’s three [Mages] turned and multiplied, like ghosts stepping out of their real bodies. A small army. A kill-team, spreading out in search of Gazi. The half-Gazer had vanished, but with neither side able to kill the other, the advantage was to Ullsinoi.
An Archmage was on the way.
 
——
 
Two Archmages were on the way. When Nailihuaile heard of the Earther breakout, Gazi’s appearance, and the Golems on the rampage, she looked like she might have an apoplexy.
The Star Lamia’s eyes bulged, her body contorted—then, mindful of the Revivalists watching her and her captives, she caught herself.
“Who’s handling Gazi?”
“I am. I will link with Ullsinoi.”
“In that case, I’ll fight Fissival and the Drowned Mages. I told you we should have backed Eldavin’s vote to exile them!”
“Archmage Naili, now is not the time.”
She was in a linked call with the other Archmages. Viltach was headed to battle Gazi, and much luck to him; Naili’s scales prickled at the idea of fighting one of the King’s Seven. Here? Even with Ullsinoi as back up, no thank you.
She began sending [Message] spells to the Revivalists, telling them to get out there, restore order, and capture those Earthers. It was a safe bet; Naili didn’t think the Drakes were stupid enough to kill. Doroumata and her weird daughters? Perhaps. But the Star Lamia would bet someone else’s life on that.
“Beatrice. You’re with me. Contact the five best spellslingers and tell them to find me.”
The Star Lamia’s eyes were narrowed. She was going hunting. Feor was speaking to Viltach.
“If you lure Gazi close to me, I will join in the fighting. However—the [Mage Lords] and [Depth Magus] Doroumata are—”
There was the sound of a thunderclap or the air exploding, and he broke off.
“—rioting—”
It sounded like a three-way battle was going on around the banquet hall. Verdan Blackwood broke in, breathlessly.
“What is going on? I came under attack the instant I left my quarters and heard the notification! Three Drakes jumped me.”
Viltach’s voice cut in.
“Are you alright?”
“I’ve dealt with them. I’m finding students and [Mages] and sealing them into safe zones.”
“No, go on the offensive! The Earthers are leaving, and we have Gazi and Fissival and the Drowned Folk all trying to take what they can! Pick a target!”
Naili argued, but Verdan ignored her.
“I will reclaim zones of Wistram. The Golems are not attacking anyone who avoids them.”
That old, cowardly idiot. Naili’s tail lashed. She turned to Beatrice and hissed.
“Get me my team. We’re striking the Drakes first—then we’ll see to the others. Viltach, is Amerys guarded?”
“My Libertarians should be occupying her area, and no one has breached the maze. Although, I fear…they might have attacked the Melodin-class Golem.”
“Did it…kill them all?”
“No. But it has fallen back. The Golems are all moving in concert. Someone—she is directing them.”
Naili liked that least of all. However, it was clear that Amerys was secure, and Gazi was being countered for now. Which meant the Earthers were priority #1. She turned and nodded to the other Revivalist [Mages].
“Post a two-[Mage] guard on the door. These boys are paralyzed, but it’ll wear off. Bind them with a simple spell, but don’t let them leave.”
