8.64 K
Page 36
But they had taken all his possessions. Trey stopped weeping. He looked at Calac Crusland, then at the scrying orb.
It was on a five minute delay. One of the [Mages] hesitated. Something had changed about the air in front of the two boys.
“Where…where did the magic barrier go?”
She waved a hand in the space it should be. The field, too.
Calac Crusland said nothing. Like his father—he looked at the scrying orb. Then down at his inheritance.
He held a piece of wood in his other hand. A thin shaft of wood…tipped with a glimmering piece of Naq-Alrama steel. Calac looked up as the Libertarians turned and saw what he was holding. He gazed at his mother’s gift, up, with lost eyes at Trey and then around at the hateful world without her.
Then Calac went insane.
 
——
 
An army charged across the ground towards the gates. A ruler stirred within the palace.
Maresar was dead. What came next was earth-shaking. Grand acts and battle and desperation and more death.
But, for a moment…a figure turned away from the scrying orb. She looked away from the battle.
“Halt the army.”
The people around her were confused. The Siren of Savere raised her voice.
“Halt the army. Now.”
Ceria Springwalker looked up as Revine Zecrew stood upon her golden palanquin of water. The Siren looked around, as [Rogues] and [Bandits] stopped marching or laughing or watching the battle. She gave one order.
“Open the stores. Fetch me a keg of the finest. Open a barrel for everyone.”
 
——
 
The words were repeated in Izril as well. The laughing, merry, hidden gathering of young [Lords] and [Ladies] had a number of others.
Rough folk, not nearly as well-off—at least in rank. They rubbed shoulders here. Equals, even if that was only the lie they said.
The Bloodfeast Raiders respected no heroism. They had nothing invested in Reim aside from entertainment. So a laughing [Lady] looked at the strangely-silent man.
“Why? That was—”
He reached out and grabbed her shoulder. The man’s grip was so tight his fingers were white. She gasped in pain and reacted, reaching for her side—but the room went quiet as the [Bandit Lord] whispered.
“Raise a glass.”
Confused, the Bloodfeast Raiders looked at him as someone poured a mug. The contents didn’t matter.
Fine wine. Rotgut. Fermented juice or water.
Whatever they had at hand. The Siren of Savere halted her army. The Bloodfeast Raiders looked at their leader and heard the same words.
Revine looked at the scrying orb. Rasea Zecrew looked at her crew, stopped fighting, and drew a flask from her side and lost her smile.
This is what they said:
 
“Raise a glass for a murderer, a thief and a knave.
A [Bandit], a [Pirate]’s gone to their deserved grave.
Now listen, for their seat’s open for another bastard’s ass
One of twelve the world over, the rarest noble’s class.”
 
Eleven men and women. The oldest [Bandit Lord] toasted the second most ancient to fall.
 
“Someone’s met the headman’s axe or gotten their just reward
Laugh if you hated them or go searching for their hoard
Spit upon their graves or swear they’ll be avenged
If you care not at all, go on your merry way and laugh.
But first—”
 
They tipped the cups up and drank.
“—raise a fucking glass.”
Then they laughed, or cursed her name. Or turned away and said nothing more. That was all she would ever get, and more than they ever asked for.
A tribute to the fallen [Bandit Lord].
 
——
 
Teresa was crying. Weeping as well. She stumbled back up the hill, towards the palace.
