8.64 K
Page 6
The Minotaur [Mage], an oddity that might be an illusion in itself, blew a handful of dust over the Earthers. They coughed and tried to retreat as the [Depth Mage] pointed her hand. She blew the dust away, but the Ullsinoi [Mage] aimed a wand at her—
—And someone kicked him so hard he screamed, two ribs broken, turned into a writhing Dullahan, and collapsed. The Earthers and [Depth Mage] both looked up as the flying kick carried the third [Mage] into view.
“[Combat Sorceress] Hezile in Hallway 12B! Earthers located! Backup requested!”
A Drake stomped on the Ullsinoi [Mage]’s back, then covered both directions with a wand. She advanced, as Doroumata’s daughter played dead. The Drake eyed her, pointed a wand, and blasted Doroumata’s daughter into true unconsciousness.
“With me, all of you. We’re getting you out of here!”
“Wh—who are you?”
Saif was sitting up, although his lower body was paralyzed. Eun and Xiang helped him up, and the Drake glanced over her shoulder as two more Drakes stormed down the corridor.
“Fighting on Hallways 11 and 51. We need another route.”
“On it. Golems are hostile, repeat, hostile.”
The three Drakes surrounded the Earthers, ushering them forwards. Eun stared at them.
“Are you our escape?”
He stared at Doroumata’s daughter, and the [Combat Sorceress] looked surprised. She was noticeably more fit than the other two Drakes, and she wore a different Walled City’s emblem on her armor—as opposed to their robes.
“That’s right. This is a joint force from the Walled Cities—”
“Led by Fissival—”
One of the Drakes added unhelpfully.
“—Providing you all shelter and sanctuary, as agreed. Where is Troy Atlas? Where are the others? That announcement…”
“We don’t know!”
The two Fissival [Mages] cursed, but one of Grimalkin’s combat apprentices wearing Manus’ badge nodded.
“Then you’re with us. Move out! Overlap your barriers around the group, and watch for invisible targets! [Sand Spray]!”
She blew a fine veil of sand down the corridor, and the Drakes followed.
“You don’t give us orders. We know perfectly well how to—”
“Shut up.”
 
——
 
There were Drakes joining the breakout as well as Doroumata’s daughters! Indeed, the ships at Wistram’s harbor were in a state of confusion as a Drake [Captain] chartered for the breakout saw a ship rising from under the sea and braced for fighting.
Drowned Folk answering Doroumata’s call didn’t hesitate. They opened up on all the ships at the dock with spells, aiming at the ships to scuttle them, burn sails, and stop any pursuit. A four-way battle between Wistram’s [Mages], the Drakes of the Walled Cities, the Silver Swords, and Doroumata’s daughters was in full force.
Glorious chaos. How had it happened? That clever boy. He had negotiated with Doroumata, of course, but he was arguably even more clever in how he persuaded the Drakes.
 
——
 
“Um, is it Mage Lord Ollempus? I was hoping for a private word? Um…about the plan.”
The Drake from Fissival was surprised that anyone wanted to talk to him. He was indeed one of the [Mage Lords] of Fissival, the City of Magic, one of the great magical powers of the world.
Not that anyone would know it here. Especially with the way the Drakes were treated—and especially in light of the revelation with the Gnolls.
Had he known about it? No! The [Mage Lord] felt like this was a disaster. Could he convince anyone, even the other representatives of the other cities? Absolutely not.
The fact that someone had sought him out was so surprising, the Drake stared at the nervous young man shifting from foot to foot for a good ten seconds before he coughed.
