8.64 K
Page 28
One of the Libertarians was lecturing the others. They nodded, and Trey looked at them.
Libertarians. Charles de Trevalier still hadn’t shut up.
“Chandrarians. I knew from the instant you were a man without honor. But you? Even you…‘Earthers’ cannot be trusted. That is what you are, isn’t it?”
He aimed a rapier, flicking it between Trey and Calac. Neither young man said anything, and a bell jangled noisily on the rapier’s handle. One of the older [Mages] rested a hand on Charles’ shoulder. He looked almost kindly at Trey and then at Calac with cool animosity.
“Now, now, Charles. That would be a greater secret of Wistram. Good that you know it; frankly, after tonight, I rather think we’ll all be deserving of the full story. I’ll arrange it myself.”
Charles glanced up at the older [Mage] and nodded. He lowered his rapier fractionally.
“Just so, High Mage Lallen. And I swear on the Trevalier name that these two will not go free. Nor Gazi Pathseeker herself if she comes!”
“Hear, hear! And I for Havrington!”
Timor du Havrington chipped in. The two were at the front of the group trying to interrogate Trey and Calac. The others had just sat back; the barrier kept them from the two young men as well as the reverse.
“So what else have you planned? How many co-conspirators are there? Tell us now and it might go easier for you.”
Another [Mage] warned Trey. The [Sand Mage] just stood there. He looked at Charles, Timor, the Libertarians, most of whom weren’t even close to battle-mages, and muttered.
“The idiots at the end. The idiots at the end got us.”
“What did he say?”
Charles and his friends bristled. Trey just looked at Calac. The [Lord] rose, and suddenly charged the barrier. The air flashed, and he recoiled and sat back down hard.
The [Mages] recoiled and then laughed at the two young men.
“What a [Brute]. How did you even get to Wistram? No wonder you were spies; you can’t have made it in normally. Any one of us could have stopped you; no need for a group.”
Charles sneered at Calac. The [Swordsman] cursed as he got up.
“Let me out, and we’ll see who could stop who. I’ll take you on with my bare hands.”
He glanced at Trey, and the [Sand Mage] stirred. He’d give Calac that fight—maybe. Charles bristled, but the older [Mage] who had cast the barrier and magic suppression spell was half-listening. He turned to a table and lifted a hand.
“Ah, ah. No falling for their provocations. I have sent word to the Archmages we have prisoners, but they’re busy. Archmage Viltach is capturing Gazi Pathseeker.”
“Capturing?”
“If he can, I think. Archmage Feor is moving to assist him, and Archmage Nailihuaile says she will come to ensure Amerys is safe.”
“That Lizardwoman would. Just so long as she knows who was here—we didn’t even need the inner guards!”
“Be respectful. And remember, there is still fighting in the rest of Wistram. Most of it towards the entrance, though. So! [Silence] spells up and wands out. Anyone sees someone coming this way, let us know. The scrying orb should be off, incidentally.”
The [Mage] looked pointedly at the orb sitting on one of the tables. As well as the drinks some of the [Mages] were quaffing while they waited. Trey looked up as a young woman protested.
“But [High Mage]—I think Reim is about to fall!”
Calac looked up as the [High Mage] turned, and the Libertarians looked from Trey and Calac to the orb. Trey’s heart squeezed, and he saw the [High Mage] hesitate—then nod towards the table.
“…Bring it over, then. And turn up the volume so we can all hear.”
“Let them hear it, High Mage? But—”
