8.64 K
Page 49
Amerys saw him brace, triggering his spells, and swung past him. She skidded, angling her body like a sprinter, and flicked across the gap; she couldn’t turn easily. But she hopped onto Viltach’s back as he loosed a Tier 5 spell harmlessly and looked around.
No perspective. No reflexes.
“Tag.”
She poked his barrier on the back. Viltach screamed, whirled—and Amerys flickered away. What had she done? What had she—?
His barriers were all against energy and lightning magic. Some were against all forms of harm, but he knew Amerys as a lightning mage.
Silly man. Amerys reappeared, floating, arms stretched like she was lying on a bed of clouds above. Flying.
Below her, every piece of metal in the room took aim at the target she’d painted on Viltach’s shields. Forks, knives, candelabras—they came at him in a metal storm.
Feor was getting up, dazed, muttering one of his Tier 6 spells or some ritual as if he were an artillery mage, not on the front. Amerys dropped. She actually lay on the ground; her body was so weak. Feor was confused.
He looked at Amerys, lying like she’d collapsed. As if that meant she was harmless. She looked at him.
“[Grand Lightning].”
A Tier 5 spell flashed and struck his shields. Feor threw up his staff, rebuilding them. Amerys rose, like an odd zombie. She flung out a finger.
“[Burning Grand Lightning].”
A bolt of it blasted past Viltach and set the air on fire. He threw up his hands, backing away. The woman alternated fingers.
“[Frozen Grand Lightning]. [Transformation of Elements]. [Grand Lightning Tidal Wave].”
Two more bolts. The first frost—then a bolt of lightning that blasted a reeling Feor—and turned to a wave of water that rushed around him.
It wasn’t even a good offensive spell. It was…Amerys looked at him.
“Is this enough magic for you, Feor? [Empower Spell]. [Grand Lightning].”
Her mana reserves! Viltach was an Archmage and could cast countless spells, but he’d been fighting Gazi and he used magic on a daily basis.
Amerys hadn’t cast a spell for—she was holding Feor down with one spell. She turned to Viltach and set herself. Amerys smiled.
“I’m a bit angry, Viltach. Now that I’ve greeted you, I can express that honestly.”
 
——
 
Amerys’ battle with the Archmages of Wistram sounded like thunder. Trey Atwood didn’t see it. He found Calac sitting where he had come to rest.
Three Libertarians were dead. Trey had thought it was more. The Quarass barely noticed. She had a broken collarbone and ribs.
“We are leaving. To the ships. Calac Crusland, stand. Amerys is freed.”
“My mother is dead, Quarass.”
The Quarass’ eyes glinted. She stopped as Calac knelt there, white-faced. Trey reached for his friend, but the Quarass was faster.
“Yes. Your father lives. Will you leave him alone? Or greet your mother’s shade?”
Calac jerked and looked up. Trey instinctively grabbed the amulet at his neck. Nailihuaile had not told him you had to activate it. The Quarass had. He wished the Archmage of Nagas just a bit of suffering for that.
It might have simplified so much. Or maybe it had led them to this point.
Calac Crusland looked up at the Quarass with pain, anger—and rose. That was what the Quarass did. She stabbed you in the heart to get your legs moving.
“With me. Watch for Ullsinoi. They will likely not trouble us—but perhaps.”
“They won’t take revenge for this?”
The Quarass grimaced as she felt at her ribs. She stopped.
“Someone carry me. I am about to puncture my skin.”
Trey hesitated, but Calac picked up the little girl. The Quarass spoke as they ran through burnt corridors, and Amerys’ duel continued.
