8.64 K
Page 34
She could read the [Message] spells. A Centaur aimed two wands at her, and she threw herself sideways. She cried out in pain as her shoulder exploded into fire.
“She felt that.”
Still, the half-Gazer scrambled up. When she whirled, her eye forced a bolt of lightning to explode mid-arc. She thought her Skills.
[True Gaze of the Gorgon].
The spells flying her way winked out. One of the Ullsinoi [Mages] screamed, a layer of stone on her skin. But alive—her magic protected her. The Centaur grimaced, and the Archmage’s wards flashed and exploded.
Two dozen ward stones burnt away. But Archmage Viltach remained. He aimed at her, and the [War Scout] breathed.
[I Moved Like Thunder].
A thunderous roar. She vanished, skirting down a hallway, around the next, appearing in a blur. Not to run. Nor hide. She had to buy them time.
Instead of running, she stopped, lifted her sword, and grinned wider.
[They Feared My Name].
Distract them. The Archmage striding towards Amerys’ cell whirled. His fake white beard moved as he lifted his fingers. So much magic—
The first of [Valmira’s Comets] was easy to dodge. She cartwheeled away from the next, made another explode with her eye. Her sword pierced a third—and Viltach flung a stone, which unfolded into a spell she couldn’t dodge with Galei’s twin [Shatterbolt Storms] aimed at her face.
The Centaur, panting, lowered his wands as he saw the [Web of Magnesis] catch Gazi. The Gazer looked back at Viltach, and the Archmage nodded at Feor. The Archmage of half-Elves was preparing his great spell that even Eldavin had struggled against.
[Valmira’s True Comet Storm]. Galei sniped from the side as both Archmages filled the hallway with fire. He never saw the Gazer woman beg for mercy or surrender. She just smiled, suffering. She had known worse. She slid across the ground and finally lost her grip on her claymore. She shielded her face with her gauntleted arms and felt her armor crack for the first time ever. Her skin was far weaker.
Even so, she bought them another minute. Another minute. Another…
 
——
 
The first arrows landed around Venith Crusland as he threw himself behind a shattered block of stone. He reached for a blade, but they were all broken or submerged under blood. He looked up as a spearman charged the gap, a glittering tip aimed at his heart.
The [Lord] looked up, teeth bared, struggling. Struggling, in this last moment. Just a little longer and those gates would open. And—
The spear wove towards his heart, and Venith heard the air scream. He heard a whistling sound—an impossibly large thunk—and a cry.
The [Lord of Battle] looked up—and saw the [Spearmaster] stop, mid-lunge, and look in confusion at the weapon sticking out of his chest.
A sword, the hilt of it rammed all the way through his ribs. Venith stared at the sword blankly.
Where had…his head rose. He saw a figure standing in a tower raise her hand in salute.
Maresar. Venith reached for the sword, almost laughing. What a shot! What a beautiful…
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the figure look up. A cloud passed over Venith’s head, and he slowed, turning.
Four hundred flaming arrows tore through the sky. Each one launched by an artifact of war. Four hundred arrows as the [Bandit Lord] raced for cover.
Only one touched her. That silver arrow, loosed from a [Sniper]. It streaked across the walls and struck her through the side.
Venith Crusland saw it, forgetting the [Soldiers] charging the breach. He saw the dark-skinned woman, the [Bandit Lord]—stagger. She reached for the arrow buried in her side and looked at him.
Venith’s heart died.
 
