8.64 K
Page 12
After a minute, Trey heard a whumph. Then another soft thump as she tried to use her head as a battering ram to break down the door. He closed his eyes.
We’re doomed.
His [Plotter] class had more Skills—none of which applied to escaping. Trey bit his tongue, hard, and stared at the door. Give Minizi a year and she might break down the door with her face. If only she could get in! Calac was in trouble. They were bringing down Reim’s walls.
Teresa.
He tasted blood, he was biting so hard. Trey stopped—then felt at the cut in his mouth with his tongue. He frowned.
“Wait.”
He had an idea. Trey Atwood hesitated, but he had once felt the Quarass cut his throat. That terrifying emptiness, the pain and sensation of dying…
She had been right, that damn old-young ruler. It was an experience that made other things easier.
Deliberately, Trey found a chunk of his cheek. Minizi had gone silent outside, perhaps sensing what he was doing. Trey hesitated—
Then bit hard. He felt a searing flash of pain and nearly cried out.
“Mgh!”
He spat blood onto the plate, table, and Viltach’s carpet. He was definitely bleeding. Why did it hurt so much? Trey kept spitting blood as it pooled in his mouth. But he was staring at it. Trying to use…
There was one thing Viltach had underestimated. He had indulged Trey’s hobby, even found mutual admiration in it, but he didn’t understand the true power. Even Trey didn’t fully, but he was beginning to.
Even in an Archmage’s rooms, even with other powerful magic…
Lifesand…found a way.
[Create Lifesand Golem].
The blood on the table drew together. It began to solidify, like time was passing and it was congealing. Yet the blood began to shift. Morphing into…
Sand. Red-rust sand, and then a head rose out of the sand. Two raised arms. A tiny, tiny figure, even smaller than a Fraerling, rose, growing the more blood Trey spat onto it.
A miniature Viltach rose, stretching—then hopped off the desk. Minitach scurried over to the chair, pulled himself up, and as Trey waited—leapt and punched the Rune of Paralysis.
“Gah!”
The miniature explosion made Trey jerk and crash into the table. Mini-Viltach disappeared as the rune interacted with his Lifesand body in an unfortunate way. But Trey was free!
The first thing he did was grab a healing potion and heal the cut in his mouth. The second thing he did was lurch over to the door, yank it open, and let Minizi rush in. The Lifesand Golem stared up at him and then collected the remains of the Lifesand scattered around.
“What happened to you?”
She had scorch marks; someone had torn out one of her mithril ‘bones’, and her gemstones were cracked. Minizi wordlessly looked at Trey.
Stuff.
Trey shook his head. He looked at Minizi and found his heart was racing. He looked out the door and spoke.
“Calac’s captured. We need to rescue him. Gazi’s in danger, and we have to free Archmage Amerys. The Archmages are fighting. Plus Ullsinoi and every [Mage] we run into.”
Minizi drew her imitation-claymore. Let me at them, boss! Trey eyed her.
“…Right. We have to move. Calac…we need Calac.”
Not because the [Lord] was that much of an asset compared to Gazi. Trey just couldn’t bear to leave his friends behind. Not to switch one prisoner with another. How were they going to overpower [Mages] twice his level, though?
Trey was a Level 26 [Sand Mage] from Eldavin’s tutelage. He was also, now, a Level 13 [Plotter], and one could argue his magic was better than his level indicated.
