8.64 K
Page 31
She regretted it. Nawalishifra weakly raised her hand to break the blade, but the red string pulsed, and she slowly sat down. She had given it all for this blade. She should never have made it, even to redeem her honor and clan.
She regretted it all. She tried to pull herself up but just lay there, connected to the blade. The weapon lay on the anvil, and someone went to pick it up.
“What a beautiful sword. For a fitting moment.”
Teresa stumbled forwards, eyes locked on the sword and the [Soldiers] beyond. She went to pick up Nawal’s regrets. Nawal looked at Teresa’s wide smile.
Then the young woman’s face turned confused, and she fell down. She reached for the arrows sticking out of her armor.
“Ow. Ow, I…”
She reached up for the blade longingly. She tried to climb up, but someone gripped her leg and held her back.
“Not you. Not you.”
Nawal held Teres. The young woman’s face twisted into confusion. She looked at the weapon, turning her head to Nawal and speaking almost plaintively.
“It suits me.”
“I know. That is why.”
Teresa looked so puzzled, as if she didn’t see it. How well one went with the other. Too well. They would never let each other go.
For Trey, Nawal clung to Teresa. The young woman tried to haul herself up the anvil, touch…but she couldn’t.
Slowly, her eyes rolled up in her head, and Nawal looked at her blade.
It had to be held. Held, and used. Or it had been made for nothing. She regretted stopping Teresa and did not.
“Tyrants die.”
A voice rang through the air. A massed chorus turned into one tone. They were chanting as they came. Nerrhavia’s glorious hordes. The last men and women staggered upright, saw what was coming, and wavered.
Into that gap, alone, a man walked. He strode down the street, as fast as he had flown to this spot—suddenly slowed. A figure who walked with all the time left in the world.
He paused by the anvil, and Nawal locked eyes with him. Lord Venith Crusland looked down at what she had made, and she saw the knowledge of how dirty and wrong this blade was in his eyes.
So she smiled as he picked it up. The [Lord]’s arm rose with the weight of the damned’s blood. The toll of a battlefield. He tossed his shield aside to carry his burden with two hands.
“Reim is not lost. Hold your positions. This dream is more than you or I. Now I have picked up my blade, I will pursue it until the end. I will hold this position alone.”
He turned to the others, and no one spoke. The [Lord] walked into the gap, and the charging [Soldiers] hesitated.
They saw a Human man who had ridden by destruction’s side. Just a man, armor battered, weary as could be.
Holding a sword made from blood.
He did not warn them. Venith Crusland uttered no vows. He stood in the gap and waited for them to come to him. The [Lord of Battle] said nothing.
They knew what he was. The [Soldiers] hesitated. Their officers shouted at them and called upon Skills and threats. Some of them went down, pulled down by their very troops who turned and ran.
Others did not. For gold or glory. For bravado or to take that blade—to see the end of this war—for every reason that was theirs alone, they charged into that gap.
The blade of ichor had no edge to break, so it cut through armor and flesh without end. It had no weight on Venith’s arm, but it fell with the weight of all the dead’s blood, crushing guards. It was long, growing, as long as a lance. Light as a feather.
Nawal could see it rising and falling. Feel as every drop added itself to the blade. She would know where it was anywhere in the world.
