8.64 K
Page 13
None of that meant he could easily best Wistram’s experienced [Mages]. Trey searched around for his staff…then hesitated as he stared around the room and realized where he was.
Viltach’s…workshop. And personal quarters. And…Trey hesitated and looked at a cupboard filled with private potions, racks of ordered, neatly noted scrolls, and the artifacts Viltach made to sell. For some reason, what he was going to do next made him almost as guilty as everything else he’d done.
Minizi was inspecting a chip in the mithril claymore sadly. A Golem had smashed it into a wall. She looked up as her creator walked around the room—then beckoned her over.
“Minizi. Leave that. Take this.”
The Lifesand Golem indignantly waved her sword—then looked up, saw what Trey was offering her, and instantly dropped her imitation-claymore. She took the shortsword with the gleaming red edge on the blade and pressed a little sigil on the handle.
The sword burst into flame. Minizi stared at the burning sword and then saw Trey stuffing scrolls into his belt pouch. She kicked the mithril claymore aside. It was blunt, anyways.
 
——
 
Gazi Pathseeker hid from her pursuers, eyes darting in every direction. She saw a tracer spell coming her way and avoided the sensor-spell that looked like a glowing bird.
However, her main eye flicked up and spotted more spells moving through the walls. Her eye.
Her eye. She had one power, unlike the others of the King’s Seven. She had her eye, and she had been born with this advantage. Even…bred for it.
Gazers’ eyes were placed unpredictably. On their hands, different parts of their head—with unpredictable levels of power and effects. Gazi, though—she had been an experiment to combine the best functions of their eyes.
Roshal. Her main eye was powerful, and her levels, her training—had all gone to further that. She had not earned her eye like Mars had her skill in battle. But she had been born with it.
I have still practiced to earn my name. Of all the King’s Seven, including Amerys herself—Gazi had known she was best placed for this mission.
Her eye focused, and one of the tracer spells two hallways down abruptly flashed. Instantly, her pursuers changed, moving towards the location warily. One blasted the air with fire, but found nothing.
She was two hallways over.
Seeing through walls—Trey called it x-ray vision. She could also use her eye to focus. Paralysis was what Gazers and Medusae were known for, but that was simple, inefficient. Gazi could…manipulate magic. Even disrupt other spells from afar.
“Our sensors are all triggering. She’s doing it somehow.”
Gazi heard the frustrated voice as she slipped away. There was some irony to this battle. She counted three Ullsinoi [Mages].
Or one. But it seemed like three. Yet they had illusions, their own powerful cloaking spells and not [Greater Invisibility] alone.
The worst was the Centaur. Galei. His illusions were real. They could cast spells; they even bled. She thought she could sense a tiny bit of uncertainty in the fake ones, but he could avoid her eye to some extent.
However, they were also having trouble finding her. [Scout] versus [Illusionist] was an odd matchup. Gazi was not prepared for a spell she could not see through.
They were not used to being unable to locate her except through actual vision. All their sensor spells she could disrupt, but not [See Invisibility]. So they had to search—manually—for her.
