8.64 K
Page 40
She was clinging to one of the [Mages]. Hysterically shrieking. Naili eyed her and suspected she’d been taken hostage. Those damned idiots! She hissed, but mindful of the girl, jerked her head.
“One of you take her somewhere safe!”
“No, Archmage! They hurt me last time! Please, take me with you!”
The girl instantly turned and grabbed at Naili’s lower half. The Star Lamia really, really did not have time for this! She smiled and tried to prise Emirea off her.
“Emirea, it’s dangerous. I—fine, come with us if you must! But stay behind me. I’ll shield you. Let go of my staff, please? That’s the Serkonian Lance. It doesn’t like people who aren’t its owners.”
She jerked the relic back; Emirea was clinging to it like a monkey. A bit worried, in fact.
“Beatrice, get her off. It will attack her.”
It was a relic of her people, after all. Beatrice bent down and winced.
“Ow! Lady Emirea, don’t scratch me! I…”
The girl clawed at Naili, and the Archmage yelped. Her nails were sharp! She lost her patience, hysterics or not.
“That’s it. Someone grab Emirea and put her in time-out. Just pull her off and—huh?”
There was a faint thumping sound. Like…a head hitting the floor. She looked over her shoulder. One of the two Dullahans had collapsed. Naili stared dumbly at him; his head had rolled off his body. Then she saw Beatrice sag and fall flat.
“Beatrice? What—wh—”
Attack! Naili spun, or tried to with the weight on her staff. She cursed, abandoning it. Her head felt…fuzzy, all of a sudden. She spun left, right, and saw another Revivalist choking, foaming at the mouth.
“Poison.”
Naili whispered. One of her Nagas was last to slump over. Someone had poisoned a Naga? Nailihuaile…
Felt a creeping sensation running down her scales. Her mind had fuzzed, but she put together the pieces instantly. After all…who could it be? She turned and saw a little figure wiping at her face.
Her tears had run down her face, and her eye was black and bruised, but when Beatrice had tried to grab at her, she had accidentally smudged…Emirea’s skin?
The little [Lady] brushed at her cheek, and Nailihuaile stared at the dark, sand-bronzed skin, not the pale, Terandrian features of a [Lady]. The little girl kept wiping and more of the false makeup came away.
“How did you…? That’s my staff. You can’t hold my staff.”
The Star Lamia looked dumbly at Emirea. Or whomever this was. The little girl calmly lifted the staff, and her eyes glowed. The Archmage of Baleros choked as she saw the staff activate.
“I have disguised myself ten thousand times and fought your kind and every other, Archmage Nailihuaile. I have prepared myself for every occasion. Twenty-one lifetimes ago, one of the Quarasses of Ger visited Baleros and asked to hold the Serkonian Lance. Just once. I did not know if this day would ever come, but I have laid every plan and contingency.”
The little girl’s voice changed. The Archmage heard old, even wearied tones. Immortality, scraped out of countless mortal lives.
The Quarass of Germina looked at the Archmage. The Star Lamia looked dumbly at the orb.
“But the Quarass…”
The little girl smiled thinly. She gazed at the small, veiled figure of a little child who could well be the Quarass since they were vaguely alike in height. Children all looked the same from afar. And Khalid, her [Champion], was fighting with sword and shield well enough as Vaitsha protected him.
Enough to inspire her people. She hoped he would not die, or Vaitsha. Maresar had already given up her life.
