8.64 K
Page 17
One of the Drakes breathed. Instantly, half a dozen wands rose. Trey froze—and the students stared at him. He braced himself, staff raised, as Minizi raised her sword and triggered the fire enchantment. The students looked at him—and one raised a hand.
“Are you really the King of Destruction’s servant?”
The young man hesitated. The words—[Karas Duststorm]—were halfway out his mouth, but he choked them back.
“—Yes?”
“No Ancestors-damned way. That was an Ullsinoi prank. It had to be.”
“From Archmage Viltach?”
The students began arguing. Kelaw gaped at Trey.
“Archmage Viltach said you—you, Troy? Worm guy?”
“Hey! Did you cause all this?”
An angry fourth-year Drake pointed a wand at Trey. The young man raised his staff.
“I’m on a mission for Flos Reimarch. If you fight me, I’ll have to defend myself. Don’t make me do that, please.”
The students looked at each other. There were about eighteen of them, one Trey, one Minizi. If it came to it—Trey was going to run around the corner and let Minizi eat eighteen spells. He remembered Naili’s amulet, but he had a feeling he was going to need it later.
However, the students just conferred quickly, and then one of them called out.
“So you’re really the King of Destruction’s agent? Someone said Gazi Pathseeker is in Wistram. Is…she?”
“Yes.”
“No way.”
An excited babble broke out, but the fourth-year Drake held up a claw.
“We’ll let you go. If you tell us something.”
“…Like what?”
The young man did a double-take. The Drake stared at him as if he were stupid.
“Something…important. Something from the King of Destruction.”
Trey Atwood just gaped at the gaggle of students. His mouth moved wordlessly for a second, then he spoke.
“The Emperor of Sands murdered Drevish and sent his head in a block of ice to the King of Destruction. That’s one of the reasons why he awoke.”
Gasps. Someone dropped their wand and began fumbling for a piece of paper to write that down.
“That’s a huge secret!”
The students looked at each other. The Drake lowered his wand.
“We see you—we get another secret.”
Trey backed up wordlessly. He saw them staring at him like an exotic pigeon that had flown into their window or something and turned and ran.
No one cast spells after him. He heard them debating, but…Trey remembered the conversation he’d had with Calac.
 
——
 
“Let’s not involve Gazi in it if we can. You know, most people here aren’t evil.”
“I know. They’re our enemies, though. If we have to fight—I will.”
Calac Crusland looked miserable as he thought of it. Trey shook his head.
“Maybe we won’t have to.”
“Not one?”
The young man amended his statement.
“The guards—perhaps. But even if we get found out, the students? [Mages] like Telim? They’re Wistram. We’re two guys, not Gazi.”
Calac’s eyes lit up. He thought about what Trey meant and nodded. Unless it was a monster, would Telim go for a kill-spell? Trey thought of his fellow students.
“Unless they think they’re in danger—we won’t be.”
 
——
 
Even so, they were outnumbered. The Earther-distraction was one thing, but Nailihuaile was right. Wistram’s [Mages] could prioritize. Gazi and Earthers. Two threats alone, with the Golems as a random variable.
Wistram Academy was in chaos. But it was not out-of-control. Yet.
The problem was the levels. Nailihuaile slithered down one corridor, pushing back twice her number of Drakes with her five best Revivalists plus Beatrice. She knew how to concentrate power.
