8.64 K
Page 45
The other was the Quarass. And she had the Serkonian Lance.
Yolv knocked Trey down and pinned him. The boy stabbed at him, and the Dwarf grunted—his barrier spells went out.
“Troy…”
He was too merciful. He just held Troy down, a knee on his back, suppressing his magic as he went to draw a bead on the Quarass.
It was sand. Amerys grinned as she saw the Lifesand the boy had thrown at the Dwarf slowly coalescing. A little figure swung itself out of Yolv’s beard—and hopped onto his face, covering his nose and mouth.
The Dwarf choked and cast spells wildly as the Lifesand Golem suffocated him. The Quarass ended her duel with a paralyzing spell that knocked the Naga out—but not before the Naga struck the girl into the ground with a barrier-breaking tail slap.
Trey Atwood staggered up and looked around. The Quarass, the guards…he saw Amerys, and there they were again.
Slowly, the young man walked into her cell and met the Archmage’s eyes. He had found the key to her mask, but none of her shackles. Even so, he unlocked her mask, and she snapped at his fingers.
More as a joke than anything else.
The boy didn’t smile or react. He just looked at her. He breathed, in and out, the remnants of tears in his eyes. Exhausted, battered; he had thrown it all at this plan and moment.
“Archmage Amerys? My name is Trey Atwood. The King of Destruction sent me. I came to set you free.”
“Why did you come?”
Amerys looked at him, so curiously. She understood Gazi. She even understood what had to be the Quarass, swearing in another language as she felt at her ribs. She could understand a child of Reim or follower of the King of Destruction.
But why Trey Atwood? She also didn’t know how she’d be freed; she was shackled, and while she could have cast magic in this cell if her bindings were off…the enchanted cloth now had a damned Adamantium lock that Viltach had claimed a Level 50 [Rogue] couldn’t break.
Trey Atwood wearily knelt. He met Amerys’ eyes and looked her up and down. Not in a lecherous way—more like someone trying to understand something. See…some quality that was seldom revealed on appearance alone.
“Flos asked me to. That’s not why I did it, Amerys. I told him to go to hell—I even thought so, even though he promised me that he would help me in a great way. By destroying A’ctelios Salash.”
“He keeps his promises. He rewards loyalty. But…that isn’t enough, is it?”
Trey shook his head.
“My sister is with him. But that isn’t my reason either. I’d rather knock her over the head and carry her off, or take her to Khelt. She’s getting worse with him.”
“I could help with that. I could change this war.”
His face didn’t move markedly.
“I know. But I knew what I’d do. Kill people. Make them suffer. And…lose friends. Maresar is dead.”
Amerys’ eyes flickered.
“Maresar Crusland?”
Trey nodded. He watched her face. The Archmage, for a second, debated lying and pretending to great emotion, but the truth was it was a distant blow.
“I’m sorry. I knew her, but I have been captive here a long time. Will you…free me, Trey Atwood?”
“I would be a fool not to, after all this time.”
The Archmage waited, but Trey held his ground.
“…Amerys. I thought and thought about why I might free you. The resolve it took to do it. I’m here to free you. And I will. If you do something for me.”
“Name it.”
