8.64 K
Page 43
“I got him! I got—”
The storm cleared slightly, and Charles saw the Lifesand Golem rubbing at her head. The glowing decoy-sword she held overhead waved slightly.
Trey burst out of the sand from the side, staff raised. He spoke.
“[Light Spear].”
Charles jerked back. The spear went through Timor’s chest, and the [Lord] stared at it, greatly perplexed.
He had no speeches, no time left. He fell down, and Trey whirled. Charles dropped his rapier and ran as Minizi pursued him.
Death. Calac and Trey fought to kill. The Libertarians weren’t ready.
They ran. The young man turned to Trey as he collapsed. The [Sand Mage] looked down at Calac and saw the tears running down his face. So he bent down for a second, murmured to him, and called Minizi back towards him.
The two went onwards. Towards the maze. They saw a little girl waiting for them, and Trey raised his spear—then stared at the Quarass. After Maresar’s death, he was almost not surprised.
“You. You…all this time?”
The Quarass smiled like Emirea for a moment, then looked at him solemnly. Those pitiless eyes…Trey had never disliked anyone or respected them like the Quarass.
“Let us put an end to this, Trey Atwood.”
 
——
 
At the end of it, Galei leaned against a wall and laughed. He laughed as hard as he could, even as a clone of himself, a perfect illusion, galloped towards the Mershi-lounge.
He would not go himself. Ullsinoi had lost two of its number. One to Gazi…
The other to her.
“Enough. Enough. We tried being serious and it failed. That [King] is going to shatter it all again. We almost did it right. Almost. But we lost!”
The two Archmages looked at him. They didn’t get what was so funny. Gazi was curled up behind a shield on the ground—but she was just the distraction. Galei laughed until he wheezed.
Ullsinoi was so damn confident. But they had been betrayed! Betrayed! Defeated! Their maze? All the traps, the tricks? They’d lost, not just because they’d been outsmarted or out-sneaked.
They’d lost because they had been betrayed…by one of their own.
That was the damn problem with immortals. They should never have inducted her, even for a laugh. She never forgot anything. She made amazing plans.
They were going to burn Germina for this. Or maybe shake her hand. It depended on how Galei and the others felt. Right now? All he could do was laugh.
 
——
 
Nerrhavia Fallen’s army was breaking. First their [Supreme Marshal] died. Next? The ferocity and revelation that Germina had allied with Reim broke their confidence and added to the horror of trying to take the city.
The [Soldiers] didn’t look at it like a numbers game, because they still could have probably overwhelmed Reim and Germina together.
They looked at it as one of the numbers, and they saw their kin burning alive, saw the blood blade and their leaders fall.
That was when someone noticed the four thousand [Riders] coming from the north. It was unclear who screamed it at first, but rumor spread like wildfire.
“The Steward of Destruction is coming! The Left Hand of the King of Destruction is coming to slaughter us all!”
It just took a few voices, panic—and, of course, the sight of a single [Rider] streaking across the ground at the head of a small army of mounted warriors.
The look of the thing. It didn’t matter that Orthenon was confirmed in the north, countless miles away. The Quarass understood the hearts of men and women; she had been both children and adults and on the winning and losing side of everything.
It just took one [Swift Rider], a flag, and a group of Germina’s youths riding together to break the spirit of an army.
