8.64 K
Page 9
Healing potion. But first—I see it with my main eye and no other. A figure aiming a spell at me. I roll, even if my hair catches fire and a pit opens under me.
“Such fun.”
Is that what he says? Galei—I am on my feet. [Standing Roll]. I have to watch every Skill.
Calculate. One mistake and I die. But I can block almost everything—if only there weren’t three. If only they were not so good and did not cast spells that cannot be blocked or dodged even if I see them.
Still. I activate a scroll, and a barrier catches the second blast of fiery air as it roils around me. Each opening for one of us is a chance for the other to die. I toss my artifact taken from Germina’s vaults themselves at the figure, and he curses—vanishes. I do not look at the floating sigil with any of my eyes. The two [Mages] across from me cry out because it is trying to write madness and death into their very brains through their eyes. I charge, and they teleport.
They’ve predetermined safe-locations. Damn. But then I hear, through the silencing spells, someone dispel [Pealina’s Veil of Hush] and a shout. A Tier 3 spell comes down the hallway and I grin, block the lightning with my sword, and feel it earth.
The lesser [Mages] enter the fray. I think I can hear Ullsinoi cursing.
 
——
 
The first [Mage] burst through the smoke, ran onto the tip of Gazi’s sword, and screamed. The Libertarians backed up, and the Gazer swept an arm around the neck. The woman wasn’t cut—badly. But she used the [Mage] as a shield, swirling her to face her real foes.
“That’s—that’s—”
Someone cast a spell right at Gazi’s back. It bounced off her armor. Or no…that wasn’t exactly right. Magic wasn’t rubber, mostly. But it…refused to pierce the armor. Like it was Adamantium or one of the greater metals.
The Gazer stared into the hallways of smoke. The woman was shouting, crying out—the other [Mages] were aiming at Gazi uncertainly. She was a mother for goodness’ sake! That monster—how was she here? How was—?
“Don’t be fools.”
Gazi’s head twisted to the side, and the Libertarians froze, staring at her and the hostage. Then they realized she wasn’t speaking to them.
The first pin-point spell flickered across the hallway so fast Gazi barely twisted her head in time to avoid it. She blocked another one and cursed, stepping behind the female [Mage]. A spell blasted past the woman’s cheek, tearing it open.
“Stop! Stop!”
Who was fighting Gazi? Heedless of her hostage, they were shooting spells—one went straight through the shoulder of one of the teachers, and he stared blankly at the hole in his shoulder before starting to scream.
Gazi abandoned her hostage, seeming to realize Ullsinoi would rather kill her. Instantly, both the Libertarians and Ullsinoi opened up but then—
She vanished.
Not with a spell. With some Skill. Gazi faded out of the world, seeming to go right through a wall. One of the high-leveled Libertarians ran over to the woman who collapsed.
“You idiots! Who’s out there?”
“Stay out of our way.”
A calm retort from the air. Galei, leader of Ullsinoi as far as anyone knew, trotted out of the air. He looked straight past the Libertarians, who instantly began shouting at him. He cursed.
“She’s not bad.”
Another [Mage], a Gnoll with a staff of all things, appeared next to him, shedding a concealment spell. He wiped at his brow.
“She’s not bad? I didn’t come here to risk dying. Let’s get an Archmage.”
“Hm. Agreed.”
“We’ll—we’ll fight with you!”
