8.64 K
Page 0

The siege was almost over. There was a gap in Reim’s walls. A gate had gone down, and [Soldiers] were flooding the breach.
Of course, they were dying. A [Fireball] spell cast by a Level 30+ [Battle Mage] sent bodies flying. Screaming. Fire that Stitch-folk feared.
In such narrow confines, the attackers had to run into lines of spears and area-of-attack spells, not to mention hails of arrows. Only Skills, the press of bodies, and fear of their officers’ wrath kept them moving, and the promise that this would mean glory, gold, and an end to fighting. Their morale held—mainly because the waves of [Soldiers] going in kept marching into the breach without seeing what had happened to the last group.
Like a series of hovering moths, the individual divisions kept moving towards walls, climbing ladders, entering breaches. The trick was to move them around the walls, so they had no idea the breach they were sent to was a killing ground, unlike the groups who’d been staring at the carnage.
From the position of Nerrhavia’s command, it was an acceptable loss. All they had to do was overwhelm the defenders. By holding the breaches, they had to take from existing fortifications, and they were outnumbered. These two gaps were the first weak links. Open another, and everything would be on a needle’s edge. Four breaks in the wall? Six?
Then it would be over. 
Now was the time for plans to be executed. So the command tent was abuzz with officers demanding to lead the first charge in. One excited [Artillery Master] was pointing at the north wall where the gate was breached.
“I have, [Supreme Marshal], a Scaied-designed hwacha. Imported and redesigned after purchase from the Drathian isles—a true masterpiece from the first wars of conquest under the foul King of Destruction himself. It would be supreme irony to use it. Allow me the offensive. I will launch four hundred enchanted arrows and destroy all who stand before us—perhaps even clear the way to the palace itself!”
“And I shall execute a Heron’s Strike on the breach, here. I have two hundred jump-capable warriors who will strike past the walls and break their lines. I petition for a Burning Spearstorm maneuver via friendly-fire Skills.”
Another [Major] was begging to lead a charge with his brigade. They surrounded the [Supreme Marshal], who, sensing the end was nigh, had abandoned all luxuries and was standing at the command table.
Mind you, his servants still entertained the guests, but the officers had forgone alcohol and other drugs today and yesterday, knowing they would need full use of their faculties.
Now was the time for plans. To be clear—the plan up till now had been to send the Hemp in. To do just this—mainly because the officers were keen on surviving their assaults. Far better to be known for striking the decisive blow rather than the opening offensive that would fail.
And it would fail, with those terrifying veterans and Reim at full strength. The lightning towers the Architect had set up had inflicted a terrible toll. So had the defenders. At last, though…
“Peace. Each one of you will be granted the autonomy you seek, and my plan of battle stands. What news?”
The [Supreme Marshal] turned as one of his [Strategists] begged an audience.
“Great Supreme Marshal—the primary breach under siege. Something is developing there.”
