8.64 K
Page 15
Even drawing her bow was difficult. Her arms shook with exhaustion. How many arrows had she loosed over the course of the siege? Today? At least a thousand today alone.
A woman died, her spell uncast, choking on her blood as it went through her lungs. Maresar turned, plucking another arrow from her quiver.
Looking for another [Mage]. They were the greatest threats. If only Reim had a powerful one. They had Level 30 [Mages]. But if only…
How many arrows was that? A thousand?
No…she was no [Rapid Fire Archer] in a perfectly controlled space. She dodged and wove, but how many arrows per minute? She could put out thirty in rapid succession…but sniping? Let’s say three on average. Three every minute.
Three times sixty is…Maresar heard a ringing sound and looked up. It ran through the ground. A hammer on an anvil.
Someone’s doom. She saw a [Sniper] taking aim at her. [Eyes of the Bandit Lord] saw your direct enemies, even in battle.
Maresar loosed another arrow and saw them dive.
A hundred and eighty. Times eight hours? One thousand four hundred and forty. Not far—
She leaned back as an arrow streaked past her face. Maresar loosed a second arrow and saw it hit…and saw the woman stumble and then dive away from a third arrow.
Enchanted armor. The arrows that flew towards Maresar screamed—piercing, barbed, and poisonous. Maresar had no enchanted arrows left herself. Brave children were picking up enchanted arrows fired at Reim that hadn’t detonated and ferrying them to archers. She had no arrow…
Save for one. Maresar reached up for a worn, little leather bag hanging around her neck. Her bag of holding. She drew one final arrow and hesitated.
A jagged tip. A terribly-made arrow; the arrowhead was poorly balanced because it wasn’t made right. Because it wasn’t an arrowhead but a piece of Naq-Alrama steel. Maresar hesitated in that split-second of indecision.
Do I loose it? Or kill a [General]? 
Hesitation was what killed you. A third arrow came towards her, and the [Bandit Lord] realized—she heard a voice.
“Maresar!”
Teresa Atwood. The [Bandit Lord] turned, saw the young woman slash the arrow in two. Both pieces went flying past the two women and exploded. Maresar lifted the Naq-Alrama arrow, but the [Sniper] was gone. Fled. She put the arrow back in her bag of holding and turned.
“Good save.”
That was it. She took aim again, and Teresa grinned proudly. She was wavering, but she had the battle-light in her eyes. Adrenaline; she couldn’t feel her wounds or how tired she was.
“It’s ending. They’re fighting at the north gate. The breach—we’re losing.”
Maresar nodded.
“Yes.”
Her eyes went to the north gate. Searching for the one figure she could always find before he found her.
Venith Crusland. He…wasn’t there. Maresar looked around. Had he fallen?
No. The [Lord] was riding towards them on horseback. He dismounted fast and hard, and the horse wheezed with exhaustion. It actually lay down as Venith climbed to the archer’s tower.
He looked worse than the horse.
“Maresar. Teresa.”
He was gulping down stamina potions. The [Lord of Battle] had stepped back—to survey the battlefield. He looked at the north gate, then the breach in the walls.
Again, that peal of sound rang out. Plaintive. Loud, but…Teresa’s eyes shifted towards it.
“Nawal. She’s doing something.”
“She’s forging steel amid blood.”
Maresar looked at the young woman standing at the anvil. She exchanged a glance with Venith. They…had seen the like of this before. The [Lord]’s weary head turned. Teresa shook her head, and her face lost its shine for a second.
