8.64 K
Page 33
The bloody blade cried out for a second. It tried to stop him—but Venith swung through the coat of blood. He struck the core, and his sword broke.
So did the metal inside. It twisted, the slightest chip taken out of it—then the blood bubbled. It twisted, breaking free of the binding and quivered, as if it were alive. Venith stepped back—
And the blood of thousands simply collapsed in a wave of crimson. It spread across the dry soil outside of Reim’s walls, flowing past the boots of [Soldiers] who turned, officers and warriors, as the people on the walls and below them looked down.
They looked at Venith too. Why had he done that? Nawalishifra, the officers turning to look at Venith like a fool—they could not understand. What had he done? That fool. That utter idiot had thrown away a glorious weapon—Reim’s last hope. For a second, it had created a gap in the enemy’s onslaught. Even the [Archers] had put down their bows and run. Why?
The [Lord] looked back at the woman standing there with bow in hand. She nodded at him, and he looked back at the [Smith]. Lying there.
Still alive. Her bond with the sword was broken. Venith pointed at her.
“You are no longer Nawalishifra of Clan Tannousin. Your every bond has been paid. You have fulfilled your vows. Be free of your debts, to kin and honor.”
Two confused eyes. Before unconsciousness claimed her, Nawalishifra looked at Venith, uncomprehending. As if her life had ever been worth less than a sword.
Venith knew the feeling. When she picked up that hammer again—
She would walk higher on her long journey.
“Perhaps even as far as Drevish and all the others went. They will make this land’s future. Not me.”
The [Lord] felt light. He turned back and saw Silk-warriors standing there. A double-line of men and women with enchanted blades.
Their leader aimed a partisan spear at Venith’s chest. His armor was enchanted, immaculately made, and Venith saw a feathered helm, a dangling lover’s trinket—a locket—from the tip of the spear.
He reached for his shield, but he had cast it down. He lifted his sword and saw it was a scorched piece of metal snapped at the hilt.
The [Lord] tossed the blade down.
“Will not one of you offer me a sword?”
He turned to the warriors in front of him, a hand held out slightly. Beseechingly.
Nerrhavia Fallen’s soldiers looked at each other. Not one moved. They offered no blade to the [Lord], but they did toss their pride down. The [Spearmaster] advanced, and Lord Venith Crusland sighed.
 
——
 
Trey Atwood pressed his hand against the barrier. He was bleeding, and the blood turned to sand, but the sand helplessly moved against the barrier. Minizi was punching it.
Calac Crusland did nothing. He was just staring at the image in the scrying orb. He had gone still.
“It’s on a delay. Five minutes, I think.”
The [Mages] were looking at him. They could read his name without his warding stones.
Calac Crusland. Lord Venith Crusland stood unarmed in the gap. Calac watched him, and touched a little bag of faded leather. His face was so blank…
He never blinked.
 
——
 
Gazi Pathseeker was grinning. She was not happy.
A smile was just an expression. Like tears, it was something you showed people. She raised her sword and parried a spear of lightning. She swung around, pivoting, and let a pillar of stone punch her across the hallway. She hit the ground, rolling, more spells striking the ground.
“Don’t let her do that again.”
“[Deathbolt] failed. Switch to other spells. What is her armor made of?”
The [Message] spells flitted through the air. Words too, on speaking stones.
