8.64 K
Page 4
The [Knight] observed after the two had a quick bout. Not a duel, just an exchange of sword blows. Calac nodded.
“No shield?”
Ylawes rubbed at his arm. Calac had an odd style that tended to try and go under his shield or around his guard—a quick flick that would twist up and take your sword hand off in battle.
“My father uses a shield. I could show you how he fights?”
“Hm. Fine. Thank you.”
Calac lost the next three bouts; it was a Gold-rank [Knight] versus a [Swordsman]-[Lord] who hadn’t even consolidated both classes. Even so, Ylawes was impressed.
“Your father must be a gifted [Warrior]. That shield-hook where you tried to move mine aside to stab me—that’s a risky tactic.”
“A battlefield one. He always said adventurers didn’t fall for the tricks a [Soldier] does.”
Calac ruefully rubbed at his shoulder; he’d lost fairly badly. That shield-flick trick only worked on someone who didn’t have an arm like stone.
“A level difference. I apologize for my surliness. I…am not in the best of tempers.”
Ylawes flushed guiltily. In truth, he felt poorly because he had been rightfully angry a few days ago. Angry at his friend, Falene, angry at himself for not joining the raid with the Horns…and angry they were here, rather than Chandrar.
Then he’d learned his sister was alive, well, and didn’t want him rescuing her. So he was trying to be angry without a reason. Angry, in fact, because he didn’t have a reason to be angry anymore.
It was odd for Ylawes to lose his temper like this to begin with. Righteous anger was one thing. This made him guilty, but Calac was polite, a good distraction, and they settled to talking about the differences in warfare, adventuring, and when they learned both were [Lords]’ sons, about that.
Calac met and talked with Ylawes for the next week, to the point where he, Dawil, and Ylawes began having drinks at one of Wistram’s bars. The young man was canny and only brought up a special quest with a hefty, hefty monetary incentive after five days.
Even so, Falene had rightfully argued that they’d tank their reputation with Wistram. She was a Centrist, the odds were against them, and a plethora of other reasons. Calac and Trey wouldn’t even have considered it, Gold-ranks or no, except for one thing:
Gazi Pathseeker had briefly observed Yvlon Byres, and she had ventured in Izril long enough to know the Silver Swords’ reputation. More than that? Calac put it to Ylawes Byres, Dawil, and Falene like this:
“They are children who wish to leave. Wistram will not let them, and is that any better than keeping them as prisoners forever? Hostages? Worse?”
If you just happened to know Yvlon Byres had just been unfairly imprisoned, or that Pisces was a [Slave]…and Ylawes Byres was an upstanding [Knight] who practically represented Terandrian ideals. Falene had begun drinking before the [Knight] even articulated his response.
 
——
 
Never let it be said the Silver Swords were known for taking the smart, practical quests. They were in the thick of fighting, as Earthers began to run past the Gold-ranks engaged with the Golems. Ylawes hesitated, putting up his sword, and he saw the giant metal Golem take one look at Julian unwisely ducking between the two fighters—
And step back.
The [Knight] and Golem stared at each other as a group of Earthers ran past, shouting, and then got back to the fighting. Dawil, meanwhile, had dove to pick up his axe.
“Grandfathers, I feel bad about this—”
He hacked the Golem down from behind one kneecap, and his hatchet went straight through the enchanted metal. Dawil jogged past Ylawes.
