8.64 K
Page 29
Charles began to protest, but High Mage Lallen gave him a cool stare, and the [Lord] hesitated. The man turned and looked at Calac and Trey.
“They risked everything. They might as well see how it ends.”
Slowly, the orb was brought over, and Trey and Calac looked at the scrying orb as the minutes passed. Trey looked into the orb and saw Nawalishifra’s last creation. Calac Crusland?
His parents.
 
——
 
Rain fell. Or so she thought, at first. Rain was a glorious thing. Water was precious.
But like Chandrar’s mirages, it was just a bitter illusion.
Arrows fell instead. A shower so dark it did turn the world into one of shade. She looked up and thought she saw a thousand birds.
Then they struck the ground, the anvil, and her. One volley of arrows, and then another. The [Smith] felt an impact on her shoulder—lifted her hammer.
She had to finish her work. She could die then.
Even if they struck her brain. Even if they riddled her full of holes—she had to finish her sword. Her vow.
Yet Nawalishifra felt only the burning pain of one arrow. She lifted her hammer again, brought it down, and the ripple ran through the blood.
They were watching her. [Soldiers]. Warriors on either side. The blood pooled around her. The foul steel was covered in it, yet it seemed as though, each time Nawalishifra raised her hammer, there was even more of it covering the steel.
She had hammered it flat, even without fire. Breaking the metal. Yet it was taking a shape. A bloody…
Sword. Each hammer stroke was far too long apart. Nawalishifra raised the hammer high and brought it down with all her might. She was used to such meter and measure…but this took all her weight and strength. It felt as if part of her ran out with each blow. And it did.
She bled, and the red formed the core of this blade.
More arrows. They sounded like a distant roar, like a giant made of clouds howling as they came towards her. Again, Nawalishifra waited, resolved to raise that hammer until she was done.
But they never struck her. So she raised the hammer again and brought it down and now the entire city shook, or so it felt. A ringing blow through her hammer into the ground.
Perhaps he heard it. The King of Destruction, sitting in his palace, waiting to see the end of it. Did he raise his head?
Was it time? He would surely sally forth at the end.
He did not come. But as Nawal lifted the last blade and saw the blood ripple as the mockery of smithing rose—a third volley flew down. She saw enchanted arrows now—and then a flicker.
The [Smith] looked sideways with eyes that lacked everything except will. Even so, they widened slightly.
Someone cut the air with a one-edged enchanted sword. It looked like one motion, cutting across the air and back. She put her entire body into it, and the arrows split midair as she slashed through the shafts, cleaving a gap in the hail of arrows for herself and Nawal.
Teresa Atwood pivoted, and the two young women beheld one another. The girl with a sword was smiling broadly, her eyes as alight, even delighted, as Nawal’s were empty.
Three arrows stood out in her armor, and she was bleeding around them. She had shielded Nawal with her blade art. Three times. She staggered slightly as Nawal’s head rose.
A girl who had everything she wanted. Or at least, this. A sword and a Skill. A momentous day.
A new class.
The [Blade of War] turned. No [Swordswoman]. Nor [Blademaster], nor [Soldier]. Not a warrior or adventurer. Turned and performed the sword art again, as Nawalishifra went back to her work. With no meaning other than this.
