8.64 K
Page 25
He was more concerned about that than anything else. Trey glanced back before he rounded a corner and saw the blade was snapped. Someone—that singing Golem—had snapped it while it was lodged in its body. He didn’t know why the Dwarf looked so anguished.
Calac didn’t wait to see if Ylawes would change his mind. He hurried Trey down the corridor.
“There you are. I thought Viltach captured you. We were coming to try and free you. Where’s Amerys’ key?”
“Calac? I thought you were captured! How did you get free? Amerys’ key—Viltach doesn’t know where it is! He switched the locks! I don’t know how to…”
“Shh! Shh!”
Goelv shushed the two, and Calac and Trey fell silent. The Gazer boy held up a four-fingered hand and pointed. Everyone rushed into a side room—just in time for them to hear shouting.
“Find the Earthers! Gazi Pathseeker is on the rampage!”
“Gazi—the Gazi—”
A group of [Mages] passed down the corridor. The four young men hid, barely making a sound, as Minizi raised her sword, looked at Trey, and lowered it. Goelv’s eyes were flicking left, right, up, and down, like Gazi’s.
“They’re gone. The Silver Swords are moving too. We must hurry! This way!”
“Follow Goelv. He’s the only reason we’ve gotten this far. We have to go to the Creler-murals, key or not. Where is Gazi? Everyone is talking about her fighting!”
Goelv led the way, followed by Trey and Calac, Tov and Minizi bringing up the rear. Trey spoke as fast as he could.
“I broke out of Viltach’s rooms. I snagged as many potions, artifacts, and scrolls—here, take some! And here’s a sword!”
He reached into his bag of holding and pulled out a longsword. Calac checked it.
“Better enchantment than mine.”
He didn’t switch blades immediately, but lifted it, cursed, and offered it to Tov.
“Need a sword?”
“Thanks.”
Trey looked at Calac. The [Swordsman] explained.
“Different weight and balance. I don’t trust myself with it, sorry.”
“Oh—right. How are we going to free Amerys? I think the singing Golem’s gone—”
“We have to try. At worst, we break her chains and just carry her out. We have to move, Trey. These distractions won’t last long! How did Viltach find out?”
Trey shook his head.
“He knew from the start. You?”
“Emirea. But Trey, she…wait. Wait. Did you not know about the [Pirates] either?”
“Pirates? What [Pirates]?”
Tov spoke up, his voice harsh with excitement and nerves.
“The Illuminary is raiding Wistram as we speak. That’s our way out.”
“The Illuminary is what?”
Calac looked at Trey.
“So you didn’t know.”
“Gazi told me we had an escape route, but that was all!”
The [Lord] nodded thoughtfully. For a second he had seemed reserved, but he nodded, relieved.
“Pieces within pieces. A plan within a plan. It’s clever. Just as you might expect. All we have to do is stick to our plan, Trey. Get to Amerys. We—what happened here?”
They rounded a corner. Goelv gasped, and Tov backed up.
The entire hallway was scorched black. Calac raised his sword, and Tov looked around, but there was only ash. Trey didn’t have to guess.
“They must have found Gazi. She must not have reached Amerys, or she’d have freed her by now.”
“Then we have to. There are Archmages coming here, Trey. Feor was held up by Doroumata, but the Drakes and Drowned Folk are abandoning Wistram. Goelv will take us through the maze. We have to fight the guards—four versus four.”
“Madness. They’re battle-mages.”
Tov whispered. Calac’s face was set.
“We have to try. We have more than just us and Lady Pathseeker, but we have to do our part. Maybe the [Pirates] can fight them? Or perhaps—”
