8.64 K
Page 16
“I told her to run. I told her to forget her debts.”
“She is a [Smith] of Clan Tannousin. She was brought up every day of her life to serve her clan. Some bonds are deeper than blood. She is a proud woman. She failed.”
Maresar felt at the arrow again. Venith Crusland nodded. He stood there, and Teresa spoke again.
“We’re going to lose.”
She looked at the two adults, and Maresar hesitated. Venith shook his head.
“Not yet.”
“Not yet?”
Teresa could count and see the Nerrhavian reserves and Reim’s. Venith just met Maresar’s gaze and turned back to Teresa.
“When Flos Reimarch takes the field, it will be over. There is hope. If there were not, we would surrender. I would. Maresar. What news from Wistram?”
“Nothing.”
The [Bandit Lord] had been listening. Surely…surely they would know the danger, but she heard nothing. Calac, alone amongst [Mages]…
Teresa looked up as that ringing anvil sounded again. Like a moth drawn to a flame, she began to head towards it.
“Nawal. I have to see what she’s making.”
“She’s sacrificing herself. Stay clear.”
Maresar warned Teresa, but the young woman didn’t listen. Venith turned to Maresar.
“Is that what that sound is?”
He hadn’t seen Nawal from his position. Maresar pointed her out, and Venith stilled.
“It might be a mighty weapon. But she is using blood—and that is not Tannousin’s way.”
The [Bandit Lord] watched Venith’s face. The [Lord] looked at his wife, and he saw the unspoken question there. He shook his head.
“That man.”
He looked at the palace, and they remembered the first time they had met. Meeting and forging a respect after Maresar’s capture and…
Slumber. Waking. Venith’s anger.
“That man has demanded too much of Reim and its people. Of Chandrar, endless war. He asks us to run a thousand miles, arm-wrestle giants, and tear down walls with our own hands. He wades through blood.”
Maresar nodded. She looked at the palace and wondered when it would be. When that ruler would emerge. Soon. Another hammer blow rang out, that pitiful tolling.
“But he brought peace. For one year, after we took Chandrar, I rode through the lands I savaged as a [Bandit Lord]. I rode across country and land, and I heard no drums of war. I saw no [Raiders] nor starving people or monsters.”
Venith nodded.
“Yes. And though his faults are innumerable—he has never asked us to sacrifice ourselves for him.”
The two looked at each other. Maresar nodded. She lifted her bow, and Venith began to descend through the streets of Reim. Walking tiredly.
How she envied [Warriors] and [Mages]. Maresar lifted her bow and put another arrow into the sky. Ten. Waiting. Buying time for…
The hammer sounded again, like a voice of metal counting down.
 
——
 
Trey Atwood ran into his first enemy not two hallways out of Viltach’s rooms. He saw a [Mage] turn, wand raised, as she and a gaggle of older students formed a circle.
A dead wooden Golem was smoldering in front of them. One exclaimed when they saw Trey.
“Another Gol—no. Over here!”
They waved, and Trey hesitated. He reached for his belt pouch and backed up. The [Mage] waving at Trey frowned, and the Drake shaded her eyes.
“Wait a second. Is that…”
One of his classmates in Eldavin’s lecture classes poked her head out of the group. The Garuda with pink feathers on her face spotted Trey, pointed.
“Troy! Over here!”
The other students turned. Half seemed to recognize him as a friend—the other half glared at him.
“The King of Destruction’s agent.”
Kelaw, the Garuda student, did a double-take and then recalled Viltach’s announcement.
“Troy Atlas.”
