8.64 K
Page 2
 
There were a few rules about planning covert operations, be it great heists, assassinations, betrayals, or anything else.
The first was assuming your plans would somehow twist or fail in some way. Another was secrecy; the more plotters, the more danger. Failure was baked into a true plot’s design. Not the expectation or desire for it, but preparation for failure itself.
The last, which many understood but few could do—was the mentality of it. Ruthlessness. Even cruelty. For a plan like this to succeed—you had to be ready to hide among people you might even come to like. To smile and kiss someone with a dagger. To do whatever it took.
Trey Atwood’s plan had failed, in part. He was captive of Archmage Viltach. Gazi the Omniscient had been found by Ullsinoi. Calac Crusland and his friends had been betrayed by Emirea and captured by Nailihuaile.
Yet parts of his plan were working. Even now, Golems and [Mages] were fighting each other. Or rather, the panic caused by one Lifesand Golem had turned into a kind of magical riot against the Golems. An excuse to demolish them or simple panic from seeing a serving Golem stab a [Mage]?
That was one thing. But then the Golems started fighting back. They hunkered down behind powerful, armored Golems, serving Golems picking up mops, tools, even chairs or tables, and advancing on terrified [Mages]. Subduing them…usually without much harm.
It added to the chaos, but it had been ordered by the true mistress of Wistram, Cognita Truestone, even if she lay a continent apart.
Had Trey known about that? Had he planned not only to incite the [Mages]’ fear but also counted on Cognita and the Golems refusing to suffer in silence?
If so, clever boy. It didn’t end there, either. That night, as Viltach announced Trey’s attempt to free Amerys, and the Golems and [Mages] fought, a second group began to move.
“Go, go, go! Get to the docks! There’s a ship there!”
George stood at one of the doors to the Earther-only passages, ushering a stream of people out like he was a paratrooper and they were deploying. Elena glared at him.
“George, shut up and stay quiet! Everyone, just get to—”
“There you are. Halt, in the name of Archmage Feor!”
The first Earthers exiting Aaron’s secret rooms froze as a trio of [Mages] suddenly dropped their invisibility spells, aiming wands at them. Two Golems, both made of steel, tromped around a corner, and the [Mages]—who hadn’t gotten the memo about there being Golem attacks—aimed their wands at the Earthers.
“Oh no!”
Sidney screamed, and Sang-min lifted a wand just in time for one of the [Mages] to blast him off his feet with a gust of air. He landed hard on his back and shot Elena in the back. The Earthers devolved into chaos, half fighting to get back into the room, the other half raising their hands or making a break for it.
“Don’t move! Or we’ll—damn it. [Sticky Web: Wall of Binding]!”
A [Mage] cursed and cast a variation on the spell. A wall of thin web, far more nuanced than the basic spell, appeared to catch the students and let the Golems grab them. It was halfway up, and Basil was fighting to stop everyone else ramming him into them, when the web-spell shimmered and abruptly faded away.
The thick strands of greenish silk turned to gossamer light and dematerialized into motes. The [Mage] checked his wand.
“Huh?”
“Someone just—”
Falene Skystrall poked her head out of the Earther rooms, aimed her staff at the [Mages], and snapped.
“[Stone Fist], [Light Cane: Extended Materialization], [Flare Firefly], [Water Jet]!”
