8.64 K
Page 11
Two Level 30 [Mages] bowed to her. Naili turned, and the other [Mages] looked nervous as they followed her—but then remembered the last person in the room and turned.
“Emirea. It’s very dangerous outside, so perhaps you should stay here?”
The young [Lady] jumped. She’d been trying to tend to Tov, who was glaring and slightly bloody; he’d hit his head when he went down.
“H-here, Archmage? But Gazi is here…”
She had been terrified out of her wits by the Gazer, hence her decision to tell Naili about the plan. The Star Lamia smiled, but she was glancing down the hallway.
“Here is safest. You stay with my guards—keep her safe! Barricade yourselves inside if the fighting gets here—Emirea, I will reward you later. I have to go.”
The girl could do nothing but nod. The two [Mages] moved towards the boys as the girl looked pleadingly at Calac, who was glaring at her.
“I’m sorry. I’m…”
 
——
 
I’m sorry, Elena.
Trey Atwood thought the words. By now, it would be a mess, and he hoped the Earthers would get to freedom. Each side was serious—the problem was that there were multiple sides.
He hadn’t expected everyone to keep shut about the breakout, either. He’d had a suspicion it would be Aaron who told one of the Archmages what was happening—he had some kind of mysterious benefactor—but perhaps not?
Either way. Viltach had gone, and Trey was trying to get up.
Minizi, come to me and help!
The Lifesand Golem had achieved her mission. However, she was currently a Golem in the middle of a firefight. Calac was captured with the others. Trey cursed. He should have seen it coming.
That means the guards are still awake and protecting Amerys! However—he was most worried about Gazi. Gazi, alone, facing every [Mage] in Wistram.
This was a nightmare! He had to move! Did they run or try to get Amerys?
They had to try. He knew the Drakes and Doroumata were outnumbered, but the [Mage Lord] could probably fight an Archmage for a time, and so could Doroumata. They would never get another chance.
So Trey had to move. He tried to rock himself in the chair, knock himself out of the Rune of Paralysis that Viltach had drawn. Trey could sense it, just below him, but it was locking down everything.
His magic, his body…but not his Skills. Nor Minizi. Viltach had left Trey alone in his quarters. The young man wondered where that damn key was. But the problem was, he had underestimated a smart man.
And a smart man made precautions. Maybe the key wasn’t in his rooms. Trey strained to move a finger and couldn’t. He thought he burst a blood vessel in his eye.
“Minizi—”
A little noise made Trey’s eyes widen; he could still talk and even move his head slightly. He turned to the door and heard a thump.
“Minizi! In here! Get me out!”
The Lifesand Golem had made it. He thought she had lost some of her upgrades; she had certainly lost some of her sand-mass—about 11%—but he could easily replenish it with his blood. He heard an energetic thump on the door.
“Just open the door, Minizi. Open the—”
Someone rattled the handle, and Trey’s heart sank. Viltach had locked it, obviously.
“Can you squeeze through the cracks? Or…”
For an agonizing minute, Trey heard nothing. Viltach’s rooms were so well-insulated that he didn’t know what was happening in the rest of Wistram. Minizi was exploring the door for openings. Weak points. A window?
These were an Archmage’s rooms. Maybe she could infiltrate through a crack in any other [Mage]’s rooms, but Viltach’s?
