8.64 K
Page 23
“I like music. And I’ve never seen this stuff. Grab them or I’ll stab you in your sleep. We’ve got room.”
“Fine, but you’re holding the chest!”
They looted the room while the Golems passed by. The singing Golem kept following Doroumata; Rasea poked her head out of the room.
“Damn, some of those Golems are good. And I heard Cognita flew the coop. Alright, back to work.”
The [Captain] wasn’t here to pick just any fight. She went strolling out of the rooms with her crew…just in time to see one of the Golems glance over its shoulder.
It was a plain Golem. More like a wooden marionette. But the way it looked over its shoulder, rotating its head a hundred and eighty degrees?
That was unnatural. That was too…intelligent. The Golem with jade-green eyes stopped. Then it walked backwards.
Something interesting about Wistram’s Golems was that they came in every form. Centaur to even, rarely, Minotaur, humanoid variations being the most common examples.
Never Drakes. This Golem was fashioned like a male half-Elf. But it spoke with a woman’s voice.
“You are intruding into my academy.”
Rasea spun backwards lightly. Setting herself. She raised her sword, tilting her head.
“Now what’s this? A Golem that speaks? Who’re you?”
“I am Cognita. Leave or die, Rasea Zecrew. You and your crew are not welcome here.”
The Golem spoke, and Rasea’s smile flickered. One of the crew swore.
“Oh shit—”
“It’s just a puppet, boys. Allow me.”
Rasea stepped forwards before she even finished speaking, her sword snaking out to stab the Golem in the chest. But the surprise attack failed. The Golem twisted sideways, brushed the sword back with its fingers—and came in with a spinning backhand.
“Whoa! Scatter!”
The [Pirates] moved away, giving the Golem space, but it was fast, and everyone was a target. More than that? Rasea slashed, and her sword was one of the most feared on the sea. She lopped off the Golem’s arm.
It didn’t care. The Golem dodged her second cut and a crossbow bolt by kicking off the floor. Midway up, incredibly fast, it twisted, and the wooden doll kicked off the ceiling and smashed one of the [Pirates] flat.
The Drake hacked at the doll as its hand wrapped around her throat.
“Get it—”
Her voice cut off as the others hacked at the Golem. Rasea shoved one of her people back and beheaded the Golem.
“There. Get—”
It was still strangling the [Pirate]. Rasea’s sword moved. She lopped the Golem’s hand off and someone pierced the Golem’s Heart.
“Now—”
The hand was still strangling the [Pirate]. Rasea reached down and broke the wooden fingers. The choking Drake’s windpipe was half-crushed.
“Dead gods! What was—”
“It’s dead.”
The Centaur [Arbalist] shot the wooden Golem twice more through the Golem’s Heart. The Drake gasped as two of her buddies dragged her up.
“That thing fought hard!”
“That wasn’t the Golem. That was Cognita Truestone. She’s got some moves.”
Rasea glanced at the Golem. She smiled at the others—then the back of her neck tingled. Something began to ring faintly.
[Dangersense]. Rasea turned her head and muttered.
“Ah, Kraken’s tits. This job might be harder after all.”
Three Golems in maid outfits—sculpted onto them, not a Wistram design choice—were walking down the corridor. All three’s eyes were glowing green. Rasea pointed at them.
“Lads?”
“Aye, Captain?”
Rasea calmly pulled a vial from a wrist-holster. She tossed it down, and red smoke filled the hallway in front of her—then hardened. The Golems began smashing through, and she pointed.
“Run that way! Grab everything, and if you see a Golem, avoid it! And someone find me our employer!”
