8.64 K
Page 24
Things were getting a bit…complicated. [Pirates], [Mages], Earthers…they were all starting to realize there was one group who was going to take this in the long run.
The Golems.
They had to get what they came here for and go. So where…Rasea had a contract, and given how it had been set, even she was unlikely to want to break it. But break it she would if her employer were late. She wondered where she was.
 
——
 
He was almost at Calac’s rooms when a hand grabbed him.
“You.”
Trey Atwood wasn’t injured. Much. He had cut his own cheek open and been affected by passing spells twice in magical firefights, but he had not bled for his cause.
He saw the consequences of it now.
Ylawes Byres was injured. He had grabbed Trey, a sword in hand. Falene was kneeling over Dawil.
“Wake up, Dawil. Wake up—”
The Silver Swords had lost a battle. The walls were cracked in two places, and Ylawes’ armor was bent from a terrific blow. The [Knight] looked at Trey.
“You’re the King of Destruction’s agent. You used us. Where are the children?”
His grip was tight on Trey’s arm. The young man looked at the Dwarf; he seemed to be just unconscious. Trey hoped he was.
“Heading towards the ships. You should leave too.”
“Leave, and let you do what? Free the Archmage? Let that warmonger start more wars?”
“I am not going to argue with you. My sister is with him. I need to—”
Falene looked up as Trey raised his staff. She pointed, and his arm went numb as a green arrow struck it. Minizi ran forwards and tried to stab Ylawes in the leg; her sword skated off his armor. The [Knight] bared his teeth at Trey.
“That [King] is a monster.”
“I have to do it. Don’t make me fight. I don’t want your team to be hurt.”
Trey had a scroll in his other hand. Ylawes saw it, and Falene’s staff was raised. The Silver Swords looked at Trey, and the [Knight] hesitated. He could run Trey through, perhaps faster than the boy could activate the scroll.
Would he? He knew what Trey was going to do, but kill him in cold blood? The [Knight] looked Trey in the eye.
“Tell me why. Is it your sister?”
“No. It’s a promise he and I made. And something else. Let me go, Ylawes. Please.”
Trey’s grip was tight on his spell-scroll. Minizi lifted her sword and felt it.
A terrible, even frightening resolution. The Lifesand Golem looked at Trey nervously and shuddered again. What was that feeling?
There was more keeping him going than just a promise. Ylawes hesitated—and someone rounded the corner.
“Let him go, Ylawes Byres. I need him.”
Calac Crusland lifted his sword as the [Knight] half-pivoted, letting go of Trey. Tov and Goelv covered Falene with their wands.
“Calac! How did you get free?”
“Someone broke me out. Ylawes—”
“You tricked us.”
Calac didn’t shake his head. He just nodded.
“I swear, if I am freed, I will pay you your full due. More than I gave you.”
Ylawes’ face was a mask of frustration and anger. He watched Calac, and the [Lord] pivoted as Trey stepped back. Could he beat Ylawes without his shield? He clearly thought he could, and Trey looked at Falene as Minizi raised her sword again.
The Silver Swords faced Trey’s group, and Trey didn’t know if Ylawes would charge…until Dawil began to stir.
“Pointy? What hit me?”
Ylawes glanced at his friend. Falene bent, and the [Knight] cursed as all four young men backed up a step.
“Go! Go and—Dawil?”
He bent over the Dwarf. Dawil was looking around.
“My hatchet. It broke my hatchet. I…”
