8.64 K
Page 50
“They could kill us. To what end? Amerys is free. They hold grudges, but they are practical. They tried so badly to hold Amerys because they did not want Flos Reimarch to win. Now she is free? They will hedge their bets against him rising to power.”
Trey just nodded. He felt…empty.
Relieved Amerys was free. Empty, as he ran down the hallway. He kept waiting for one last thing.
“Trey.”
He jerked and the amulet flared to life, but Gazi was leaning against a wall. Her armor was cracked; a noticeable line down the breastplate. The Quarass eyed it. Gazi five-eyed the Quarass, Calac, and Trey.
“You’re alive.”
The Gazer looked like someone had beaten her to hell and back with magic. She rasped.
“You did it. We must leave. Zecrew and her [Pirates] are fleeing Wistram. Cognita is here.”
The Quarass tilted her head.
“She is? I did not anticipate that. We go, then. Amerys will find us.”
“Will she kill the Archmages?”
Trey saw Gazi join them and realized someone else was there.
“Goelv!”
The Gazer boy was sickly, but he and Gazi picked up another, comatose young man and dragged him after them. Tov. The half-Gazer had rescued the two. She spoke to Trey, curtly.
“She might try, but I don’t think she can.”
“But she’s…”
“Weak.”
The Quarass finished Trey’s startled sentence. She glanced up as another roll of thunder boomed.
“Too weak to risk the magic it would take to kill either, I think. She is distracting them. But she will only batter them then join us. Too many defensive wards. They would have to lower their guards first. Archmages die in battle seldom. Off-guard is how I have killed most.”
Something about the way she said that and Gazi’s stare made Trey focus on the Quarass’ staff.
“Is that…?”
The girl just looked at him as she carried the Serkonian Lance. Calac said nothing at all.
Hallway after hallway. They passed by Golems, students and [Mages]. The Golems turned, and Trey saw a green-eyed stare appear in one of them.
“You.”
“We are leaving Wistram. Hold, Cognita Truestone.”
The Quarass spoke, aiming her staff at the Golem. Cognita’s green eyes bored into Trey’s, but she saw Gazi and the Quarass. The Golem hesitated and seemed to check herself, realizing her body was not Truestone, but fragile.
Another Golem’s existence.
“I will remember this, Troy Atlas. You have been marked.”
Her voice followed the group. Troy’s stomach lurched, and Gazi looked at him.
“You have paid a dear price for this, Trey. I will remember it too.”
“And I.”
“You tricked me. Gazi—you and the Quarass! You knew! I thought I had to do it alone!”
The Quarass looked at Trey calmly.
“Yes. You made a good plan. I was proud of it. But you are young. We will speak on it later.”
Trey Atwood wanted to punch the girl—no, the Quarass behind the girl’s face. Calac spoke.
“Reim is standing. Nerrhavia’s Fallen has retreated?”
The girl looked up at him, and her tone did not change. Her voice did not soften, but she spoke directly to him, like a [Commander] to a [Soldier].
“Yes. They have surrendered or fled. It is a great victory. Your mother saved you—and perhaps us all.”
He didn’t react, but he kept running.
Students. Mages. Golems. The students looked at Trey, and the monster ran. That was how they gazed at him. He had brought war to Wistram.
A part of him, a terrible part that was like Teresa, almost laughed. Almost relished showing them how easily it all fell apart.
But the rest of Trey was aching. Grieving. Remorseful. But…
I will change that idiot’s mind. Change Reim. The Quarass had heard Trey’s secret plan that not even Gazi or she had expected. She kept glancing at him.
