8.64 K
Page 46
Aah. This was it. Amerys smiled in relief, because she hadn’t known why. The boy—she couldn’t even speak to him directly on his visits, but she had worried because she hadn’t known if he had some great loyalty or desire. Now, Trey reached into his bag of holding and put something on the ground.
A simple little object. A truth stone. He looked ruefully at it.
“I hoped it would work in here, but I guess not.”
It was dead in the magic-suppression field. Trey shrugged, flicked it away, and looked at her.
“I only have your word, then. Can I trust you? Do you…keep your promises?”
Amerys’ green hair was tangled as she raised her head. She had had dreams of great vengeance, wrath, rejoining her [King]…but at some point she had just dreamed of running her hands through her hair. She looked at Trey so longingly she wanted to scream.
“Yes. Free me, and I will do what you want. Give you what you want. I will not forget this…what is it?”
What would he ask? Something craven and dark? Ask for a gift? For control? Ambition? Her hand in marriage? Ludicrous or twisted—she would agree to be free for many things.
The [Sand Mage] took a deep breath, and a little Lifesand Golem came to stand by him. One look at it and Amerys was sure he didn’t want her. She almost laughed—but Trey fixed her with a calm gaze and spoke.
“Archmage Amerys. If I free you, swear by the King of Destruction, by Reim and your magic…that when you are freed, you will fight for Flos Reimarch. You will serve him and do everything to support him—and end slavery within his kingdom and every land. Until the day it is outlawed, until he changes his mind…fight for every person in chains against their will, even if he stands against you.”
Her eyes opened wide, and the Archmage stared at Trey Atwood. At last…at last. She saw the color of his soul.
So Amerys raised her head, considered Trey’s words seriously, and all they meant, and then nodded. So that was his great plan.
“I swear.”
Trey Atwood sighed. He bent down, and the arrow of Naq-Alrama steel cut her bindings. Not the lock. Amerys gasped as the little arrow snapped and the magic flared. The anti-magic metal screamed and broke, disintegrating.
Amerys looked up—
And she was free.
 
——
 
Gazi Pathseeker had her hand on her claymore. She looked up, lying on the ground, panting.
“Will you capture me or kill me?”
She croaked at Viltach. The Archmage hesitated. He looked at Feor as the half-Elf watched her warily.
“Either option will end this. Must end this war. Viltach—”
Gazi blurred. She leapt—and they hit her with spells. She curled up but kept dashing on all fours, like an animal.
“She won’t quit until she’s dead.”
Viltach spoke, in that too-calm voice of someone who had made up his mind. Gazi swung around, eye shining, and Feor nodded. The Archmage of half-Elves raised his staff—and hesitated.
His fingers shifted and Viltach froze. His head turned slightly, and Gazi saw the blood draining out of his face.
The Gazer’s mad grin turned into a smile. Feor’s lips moved.
“That…that’s…”
They were in the banquet hall. [Mages] watched from afar, like the first time Eldavin had come to Wistram. The two Archmages slowly swung around.
Gazi saw the hair on Viltach’s head lift. The carefully groomed hair…rose into the air. She felt it.
Static.
The overturned tables and broken plates, cutlery, began to vibrate. The metal…began rising off the ground. Feor said not a word. Viltach groaned.
“It’s over. Rhir’s hells. Dead gods.”
He searched for a greater epithet. Feor slowly projected another barrier around himself.
“Elves’ remorse.”
