8.64 K
Page 38
The first chariots were coming through the north gates, and the shield line was braced in a desperate attempt to block the charge. The whooping [Chariot Riders] saw the first chariot’s lead driver and passengers jerk.
Dozens of arrows feathered their bodies, and the chariot slid, crashing and overturning, as the poor horses went down first.
[Assassins] on the rooftops. They threw down scrolls, and the next chariots slammed into the first, the barriers forming a wall of wreckage. Warriors struggled to get out of the crashed vehicles—just in time to look up and see the first bottles of exploding oil land and set them ablaze. The others kept loosing arrows as Nerrhavia’s charge came to an abrupt stop before it had begun.
 
——
 
What was going on? Teresa Atwood’s smile wavered. She looked towards the gates of Reim’s palace.
They opened. Slowly, the two broad doors revealing a ruler. Just as promised.
But it was not the King of Destruction. A far, far shorter figure wearing a veil strode through the gates, flanked by a tall, beautiful lady with a green tint to her skin, dark veins—a [Highborn Lady] that Teresa recognized. If changed.
Vaitsha Zectiou followed the little figure as she stopped at the top of the hill. As Trey, the scrying spells, and the people focused on her, the little personage raised their arm.
Then they said it. The civilians running towards the walls abandoned their disguises. The [Assassins] standing on the walls, the warriors raised their voices and screamed that famous name.
“The Quarass!”
The—? Nerrhavia Fallen’s [Soldiers] didn’t understand what they were hearing at first. But then the roar came louder, from her people.
“The Quarass of Germina!”
Down the hill she came, at a run. A blade in hand. Her sworn protector followed, and they headed towards one of the gates as Germina’s hidden soldiers revealed themselves.
The Quarass? Teresa stared at the little figure wearing a veil. She looked at the palace. But that meant—
 
——
 
[Assassins] took the walls. A group of Cotton-[Soldiers] looked up and saw a strange figure, carrying…was it a bucket and a ladle?
Nonsensical, like a [Cook] with a pot of soup. Until the figure flicked the contents of the ladle at them and they realized it wasn’t water or soup.
It was…burning water. No—the flames burst on their armor and clung to them as the warriors shouted and tried to knock it off. But it just spread. Flaming…slime? Flaming—
“Fire! Fire!”
The Stitch-folk panicked, screaming, trying to put out the flames that wouldn’t end. The alchemy-bearing [Assassin] continued spraying them with fire, setting them alight, burning them in their armor.
[Fireballs] were exploding around the walls, and another figure wearing a strange suit of cloth set themselves alight. They ran at the first [Soldiers]—
“[Full Body Throw].”
And threw them. The [Soldiers] touched the burning figure and started to catch fire themselves. The panicked [Spearmen] stabbed at the grappling expert as they lunged, trying to set them all alight like tinder.
 
——
 
The Quarass! 
The [Supreme Marshal] was horrified as he heard the shouting. He saw the fires shooting down from Reim’s wall and knew it was her.
Only she was that cruel. She didn’t fight like the King of Destruction. Her [Assassins], far fewer in number, sowed terror as much as trying to kill the enemy.
Fire, fire! And Nerrhavia Fallen’s army was surging at the walls. This was what the Quarass had been waiting for.
A commitment. The chariots at the gates were being sniped from above, his prized warriors being slaughtered.
“Pull the ranks back! Pull back!”
