8.64 K
Page 35
——
 
Maresar Crusland stood there, swaying, as her tower burned. Slowly, every head turned to her. Fleeing citizens of Reim. Her fellow [Soldiers].
Her husband. She saw it all. Saw the triumphant [Sniper] she had missed. Saw Nerrhavia’s army roar and charge as the [Supreme Marshal] beheld the end.
It was all there, stretching out before her. A vast plain of understanding. A single second—she tried to breathe, but her lungs had stopped.
The [Bandit Lord] stood there and looked at it all. Peacefully. With every regret in the world. She spoke, and her voice carried itself across the winds. It echoed from every building and roof, in every ear.
“I have repaid every debt I can. Every home I despoiled, every life I ruined…”
Maresar felt at her side. Death had its hand on her shoulder, but she was granted the right of everyone who had walked her path. There was no wrath left in her heart. She had to tell them. Maresar licked lips bloodied and wet.
“I will pay them again if I have but the chance.”
There was no air left in her lungs. The woman felt her legs collapse under her. Her head lowered, and she felt herself going.
She had no breath. But still, the last words came to her lips. The [Bandit Lord] raised her arm and tore the arrow from her side. She raised it to her bow.
“[Share My End].”
An arrow curved through the sky. For the first time in her life, Maresar did not aim it. She did not even watch it land, striking the fleeing woman in the same place, the same death.
The [Bandit Lord] was reaching up to her neck. She fumbled at the object. The right of her class. Her long list of sins…she held something to her chest and whispered.
“My son. [Inheritance of the Bandit Lord].”
The bag hanging around her neck flickered—and vanished. For a second, she saw Calac’s face, staring like his father’s, angry—then confused. She smiled.
What a glorious last…
 
——
 
The woman crumpled. Nerrhavia Fallen’s army was silent as Reim—for one moment. Then they cheered.
Maresar the [Bandit Lord] was dead.
“Charge! Take the city!”
Heedless of the towers, of the rest, the legions swarmed closer. This was their moment of triumph. They came through the gaps as another gate fell. Chariots racing ahead of infantry.
The [Soldiers] went through the breach and found a single [Lord] there. He stared up at that burning tower. When he turned back to them, his face was blank. He brought his sword up and down like a Golem, like a machine, and chopped through a shoulder and chest. Someone raised their shield to block, and he crushed the arm and body.
The first Silk-warriors vanished, and the Hemp stopped again. They looked at the [Lord] standing there, and his aura was wrath. He said not a word, and they backed away.
Then he shouted. Then he screamed and wept and lashed out. A blind, deaf man, heedless of death or pain. Looking around as shadows fled around him. Searching for something to stop him from feeling. He could not find it.
 
——
 
Maresar was dead. Trey Atwood was weeping. The [Mages] looked at him, some sneering at his tears. Others were somber, but then the [High Mage] was puzzled.
“What was that last Skill?”
The little bag around Maresar’s neck…the scrying spells had zoomed in so far they had seen it vanish.
A little leather bag of holding. One of the [Mages]—Timor—frowned.
Hadn’t he seen it? It looked so familiar. But where…
The young man turned and looked over his shoulder. He saw a [Lord], a boy, a son, holding something in his hands.
A bloody leather bag.
