8.64 K
Page 51
“You have an ambition beyond even what I could dream, Trey Atwood. And it will be the harder of your two desires. Believe me.”
Her pale yellow eyes glinted. Gazi glanced curiously at Trey, and Goelv wheezed.
“I’m dying. Lady Pathseeker, I’m dying.”
“Keep running.”
“Yes, Lady Pathseeker.”
 
——
 
Rasea Zecrew was on board her glowing ship when the group burst from the gates of Wistram. The other ships were gone—or sunk. The detritus of a war covered the academy’s front, yet the [Pirate Captain] looked nervous.
“Get on, quick! The bastards nearly took us out, but they’ve stopped! I nearly left, promise or no, Quarass!”
The woman was the most antsy yet—even Orthenon climbing onto her hull hadn’t spooked her.
“What happened?”
“Fucking Golems. Giant bastards with beams like the damn crab!”
The [Helmsman] swore. The Illuminary was knocked up, but the guardian-Golems hadn’t wiped out the ship.
The Quarass alighted on the decks, taking charge in a moment.
“Archmage Amerys called off the attack. She certified you as guests. Cognita abides; there are rules. Barely. I believe she would rather prevent more of her Golems being destroyed.”
Rasea tipped her hat to the girl, looking her up and down.
“So here’s the new Quarass, same as the last one! Remember me? Nice to meet you again.”
“You do not change markedly, Rasea Zecrew. Set sail.”
The [Pirate Captain] hesitated, although the helmsman was already spinning the wheel.
“What about the woman we all came to get? Amerys? She dead, or didn’t we get her?”
“She will find us.”
The [Pirate] laughed, and the Illuminary shot from port. Trey Atwood saw them break through the rainclouds—into more rain.
It was stormy within and without Wistram, although the lightning was only falling inside the bubble, oddly. Suddenly, he collapsed next to the Quarass. Calac sat, head bowed, holding the bag of holding. There was something inside it for him.
“I’m on the Illuminary. I’m alive?”
A voice spoke. Tov jerked to wakefulness, looked up at Rasea, and nearly fainted. She laughed.
“Now, who’s this lad? Hello, my boy!”
He just gaped up at her. The [Pirate Captain] helped him up, whistled for the [Ship Doctor], a class Trey had never heard before.
The Quarass had, and she was telling him how to bandage her wounds properly. The [Pirates], male and female, were whooping; someone had breached a cask.
“Wistram’s finest! We’re drinking tonight! To Maresar, the [Bandit Lord]! To legends and, if she graces us, the Archmage of Chandrar!”
Rasea climbed one of the masts and raised her sword. Calac looked up at the grinning [Pirate Lady] with all the hatred in the world for her laughter.
“She is being respectful. In her way.”
The Quarass told him. He didn’t respond. Trey didn’t know what to say. He just lay there, as a magical bubble surrounded the ship and the rain stopped.
Such a jolly crew. The Illuminary’s [Pirates] were simple, uncomplicated, and Trey envied them. They thought this was a grand day. They had looted, fought, leveled, and made their mark.
Trey looked for Minizi. The little Lifesand Golem tottered over to big-Gazi with a healing potion in her hands. She handed it up, and Gazi took it.
She was smaller, now. She’d lost most of her upgrades but…Trey thought when he leveled, when he slept, and in the days to come, Minizi would be more dangerous than Viltach had ever made her.
Dangerous. War. Amerys would return to Reim, and Flos would probably go on the offensive soon; Nerrhavia’s Fallen, his biggest nearby foe, had suffered a massive blow.
