8.64 K
Page 26
He hesitated. Looked around at Minizi, running to keep pace with Goelv, striding ahead of them, halting, looking back in horror. Trey, staring at Calac, Tov, the Drake, the Drowned Man looking up, aiming his wand at—
“You lot really are a huge amount of trouble.”
The Ullsinoi [Mage] commented. He flicked his off-hand, and the dagger he carried plunged into Goelv’s back as he pointed a wand behind him. A beam of light flashed, and Trey went blind as it struck Tov, but he swung his staff up, and the Ullsinoi mage kicked him between the legs.
Trey doubled over as Calac shouted. His head went white with pain, and he curled up and heard Calac cry out. The Ullsinoi [Mage] listened to Goelv screaming in pain and then snorted.
He stomped on Minizi and looked around.
“Children are taken out, Galei. Have you or Viltach found her? I think we’ve got bait—”
The Drake stopped. He turned, lowered his claw, and murmured as Calac, on his hands and knees, looked up. Trey, through the tears in his eyes, saw the [Illusionist] throw up his hands, toss the dagger, and turn.
“No!”
He almost made it. He was in the middle of a [Flash Step] sideways when Minizi stabbed his foot. That was enough. The man had a chance to cry out, and he was a man, Trey saw.
No Drake, just a plainer half-Elf man, even a slight bit overweight from Wistram’s fine meals. That was his true body, and Trey saw it as Gazi leapt out of hiding along the wall and cut him from neck to ribs.
It was such a fast cut that Trey didn’t see blood until the man collapsed. Then his head and right shoulder lay, staring up at him, and Trey felt his bile rise. He felt at his neck, and Gazi turned.
“There you are.”
She croaked. Trey looked up and saw burnt, scabbed skin. The Gazer was toasted; her armor was still whole, but the one part of her he could see, her head, was burnt, and she was breathing hard.
“Lady Pathseeker!”
Calac scrambled up, but Gazi was already bending over Goelv.
“Poisoned blade. Antidote, now.”
She tossed Calac a vial, and he fumbled at it. Gazi strode over to Tov, dumped a potion on him, and looked at Trey.
“Get to Amerys.”
“Gazi! What about the plan?”
She bared her teeth.
“Ullsinoi is here. So is that Archmage. Get to Amerys and free her.”
Someone struck a gong nearby. The reverberation went through Trey. It went through him, his bones, the floor itself. Gazi spun. The gong sounded again, and Trey staggered.
“There you are. You won’t run again.”
A voice floated down the hallway. It was…Galei. The Centaur trotted down the hallway, looking far, far too calm.
Gazi lifted her off-hand and fired a spell through Galei, but the [Ice Spike] missed; the Centaur truly was an illusion. He trotted towards the dead Ullsinoi [Mage] and knelt. He looked down, then up, sightlessly. But he knew Gazi was there.
Her armor was ringing. The entire half-Gazer was…reverberating in space. As if the sound had coalesced around her and stuck to her like glue. Trey was sure any illusion or concealment spell wouldn’t work.
“Run.”
Gazi looked at Trey. He turned to Tov, Goelv, and saw Calac rise. The [Lord] looked at Trey and took off without a word, sword and wand in either hand. Trey ran after him.
Minizi halted a moment and looked at big-Gazi. The half-Gazer looked at her cute little imitation and then turned. She didn’t try to hide, but she did walk forwards, to keep what was happening next away from Tov and Goelv. The Gazer boy was still screaming; the broad-spectrum antidote must not have worked.
