8.64 K
Page 32
That little line of red hung in the air. Her fate and the sword’s intertwined. Pulsing with each beat of her heart.
The beating of blood was growing dim. Nawal lay there, bitterly watching as Venith held that ground.
An army came at him. Arrows struck his armor, and spells passed his guard. But his blood…the [Lord] looked down at the sword and paid the toll in someone else’s blood.
Silk followed where Hemp fled. Warriors with beautiful blades and faces traced dances of art in the air and died without a sound. The defenders of Reim looked down where a single point held back Nerrhavia’s great army.
In his palace, the King of Destruction stirred.
One sword. One magnificently broken blade. Nawal tried to smile, she truly did. But she couldn’t.
She wasn’t proud of it. It had been made with nothing but loss. It was nothing but suffering, a mass of it weighted together. Death, a void of it trying to drag everything else in.
But it is done. 
They were breaking. Silk, despoiled by crimson. Only pride kept them coming, and that was snapping. Nawal’s eyes fluttered, and the line of red slackened.
 
——
 
Lord Venith Crusland had known blades like this before. Blades worthy of legends. Terrible, cursed instruments forged with hate and glorious metal.
He had seen them break and used and kept until the final hour by people who prized them more than their own lives.
Never had he held one until now. His arm was burning from the fighting, he felt each blow he took, but he did not bleed. But it was so heavy.
Heavy with the weight of the [Smith]’s regrets. Heavy…sucking him into it.
Yet they were dying. He saw the fear in their eyes as they backed away. The [Lord] felt invincible. He wanted to charge into the enemy army and scatter them.
It took all of his might to look away. To look back.
A woman stood on a platform, bow raised, staring at him. His wife. Maresar watched Venith, and he gazed at her. Yes…his heart remembered to keep beating. He regained something.
He looked back. Tracing a thin line of red, almost invisible, in the air. To its source.
That young woman, lying on the ground. She was still alive. The blood kept flowing from her to this blade. She was looking at him, a bitter expression on her face.
The final work of Clan Tannousin’s last [Smith]. A weapon to turn a battlefield around. To win a war. He knew that.
We will have to feed it with every battle until it grows so hungry it will devour us all. But for a time—it will reap that harvest faithfully. 
A sword made of a dying girl’s regrets for a sin that was not hers. The [Lord] raised it higher, looking at it.
So beautiful? A ruby-red blade reaching towards the sky, hungrily trying to cut the firmament itself and lick at the ichor of stars. Venith Crusland beheld what it had been made from. Tarnished steel. Broken pride.
He nodded. The [Lord] planted the blade in the ground in front of him. Nerrhavia’s [Soldiers] stopped their flight, and Nawalishifra’s head rose.
Venith Crusland unsheathed his own sword. The blood-blade seemed to quiver in the fading sunlight, a red sky to match its nature. The [Lord] looked up at an army vast beyond counting, his enemies.
Then at the [Smith].
“I am Lord Venith Crusland, vassal of the King of Destruction. In the name of Flos Reimarch—I honor Clan Tannousin’s debt.”
His voice rang out across the battlefield. Venith Crusland took up his sword in both hands and turned. He saw Nawal’s eyes widen and thought, even across the distance that separated them, he could hear her gasp.
