8.64 K
Page 19
Outside of Wistram, a storm was brewing. The sea was choppy and the waves growing higher as night fell. Storms at sea. It would be a trial even if they left the harbor, and the rain was sleeting down.
However, something was moving out there. A bright light amid the waves.
Reinforcements? More enemies? The [Captain] watched as his crew fought. It was too bright to be a ship’s ordinary steering light. A radiance of the kind that illuminated the waters for hundreds of feet in every direction.
Shining through the ocean. His scales began to prickle as he had a sudden suspicion. The [Captain] swore.
“Combat mages?”
“What?”
A Drake snapping spells off from her wand looked up and saw the [Captain] point.
“Get ready. We’ve got…[Pirates].”
The Drakes turned, and one of the [Storm Captains] angling his vessel for a ram with the reinforced blade-prow on his ship looked left. He paled.
“That’s…”
A ship was coming through the waters. It surged through the waves like a bobbing lighthouse. A brilliant yellow light, but not the light of a sun. More like a lantern at night. A glowing hull. There was no mistaking it now, and while the bubble of calm surrounding Wistram let none of the roar of the storm outside in, it did let in faint…voices.
They were singing. As they did. And that ship was moving so fast. Like a glowing fish, surging through the waters. The entire hull was glowing.
That was what Calac realized as he stared out the window. The [Lord]’s lips moved. He knew that ship.
“How…?”
But why was it here? The vessel broke through the bubble of calm, and at last everyone could see it. A strange, semi-translucent hull with a lurid, yellow-green glow. A woman with the same glow coming off part of her body—the Drowned part—was steering the ship herself, a sharp smile across her face. A fearless, mad grin.
Captain Rasea Zecrew and the Illuminary sped towards Wistram. The same ship that had humbled Flos Reimarch in Medain.
They didn’t move with the speed of wind or oars; they rode a wave, moving so fast the other [Storm Captain] was still turning when they crashed into his ship. And his ship was the one whose wood buckled as the Illuminary’s crew boarded them.
“To arms! To the halls of Wistram! Let’s go, my lasses and lads!”
The [Pirate Captain] swung across the decks and locked swords with the [Storm Captain]. She planted her feet, and, swords locked, rushed him to the edge of his ship and pushed him over the railing. The surprised crew saw a Gnoll swing over to their ship—followed by a leaping figure.
A Centaur with two crossbows clattered onto the deck, hooves skidding, and fired both crossbows. Two [Sailors] fell, and one of the Illuminary’s ship-mounted weapons fired.
Doroumata’s daughter saw the ballista bolt coming towards her and raised her hands. The bolt vanished into the [Void Shield], and she backed up.
“The Illuminary is here, Mother! Move the ship!”
She shouted at the [Depth Captain], and he instantly obeyed. The Illuminary’s crew flooded the first ship, and the [Storm Captain]’s crew locked blades with one of the most feared, highest-leveled [Pirate] crews in the world.
Briefly.
Calac Crusland saw Rasea, her anglerfish-half glowing as brightly as her ship, charging down the docks, followed by four dozen of her [Pirates].
“What is she doing here?”
Tov, the Drowned Man, stared out the window, just as awed.
“I heard the Illuminary had been hired, but no one knew why. She’s…that madwoman. She’s storming Wistram.”
Rasea Zecrew was headed straight for Wistram’s gates. Then, Calac understood. Then he saw the plan.
