8.65
Page 7
Trey and Gazi chorused. Amerys rolled her eyes. She had a glass of wine now, and floated it around her with the sushi. She reached for something.
“I’m so glad I raided my rooms before I got out. Hmm…ah, here.”
She placed something on her nose—a pair of spectacles—and produced a little book with a flourish. She floated it in front of her, and Trey’s suspicions were confirmed. For all her idiosyncrasies and penchant towards war…Amerys was still somewhat scholarly. Somewhat…
“I have a list, here. Of things I was going to say to Flos when he woke. Let me just add that in…there.”
The quill she floated scribbled, and, with a flourish, Amerys closed the book, let it float into her bag of holding, and looked at Gazi and Trey’s expressions. She scowled.
“What? I write things down. Not everyone has an eidetic memory or Skill for that. Nor am I turning into Valeterisa, who can remember what frog burped twenty-three years ago in a pond, but can’t remember to put on her robes some days!”
Offended, she floated back down to sit cross-legged in front of Trey and Gazi. She met the young man’s eyes, serious.
“It has always seemed to me that Chandrar was the only continent to export [Slaves] in great number. In that sense—we provided a supply to a demand that might have cropped up elsewhere. And for that, other continents have mocked us. Because we trade in lives. Ransoming prisoners has fueled Flos’ victories in war, and my sympathies never went beyond that. I disliked Roshal as most of Wistram does; spending months in chains has changed my perspective. You have my word.”
Gazi exhaled slowly. She looked at Amerys, almost angrily.
“Years we argued. Queravia and I. Tottenval too, but Drevish wouldn’t commit, and the others…”
“Of course he wouldn’t. He needed Djinni for his grand designs, and he studied in Merreid. Well, Trey has convinced me. It will not be easy, you know. Nor simple.”
The [Bloodglass Mage] sat up. Elena had edged over, and the Quarass was calmly listening in with some of the [Pirates] on their conversation. Rasea wasn’t even trying to pretend, but making one of her crew take down their entire conversation, grinning all the while. He didn’t care. His attention was on Amerys.
“I know that. But you…will do your best?”
Amerys nodded.
“I have said it. But we must be ready. After all—when he changes his mind, they will stand against him. And Roshal? Roshal has all of Wistram’s might—and they all fight like Ullsinoi when their backs are against a wall. They might be the greatest foe of his return, Nerrhavia’s Fallen be damned. But once we gather, Gazi, I, Orthenon, Takhatres, Mars, and…Drevish…no. He won’t be joining us, will he?”
Amerys trailed off. Gazi hesitated. She looked at Amerys, and her features changed as she realized the last thing that Amerys didn’t know. She closed her eyes a second.
“Second-greatest, Amerys. There is one last thing you need to know. Come. Let us go for a walk. I must tell you how he died. And who did it.”
Amerys looked at Gazi. The Archmage stopped smiling. She rose.
“They’re still alive?”
“Yes. Come.”
The Gazer lifted her arm, and Amerys leaned against her. The Archmage looked at the Gazer, and, leaning on her for support, the two went for a walk. They traveled off the decks of the Illuminary and began to walk across the air and dark sea, fearless of what might lie below.
Talking.
“Now there is a magic I’d pay for. An Archmage unchained.”
