8.65
Page 36
Niers roared, and the Minotaur looked embarrassed. Everyone turned to Niers, and Ulvama gasped.
“You spoke with the Goblin King?”
The tiny Fraerling stood, the focus of so many crimson Goblin stares, and looked past them all. His right hand twitched.
“I shook his hand. I counted myself as his tribe’s ally, and I thought he would be the Goblin Lord to make a better way for their people. Then he went mad, butchered his allies, my people—and fled. I tracked him down to Izril, and I swore never again to ally with Goblins. So here we are.”
He gazed at Numbtongue, and the Hob saw the Titan’s weary gaze narrow.
“Goblins and Antinium and more. Venaz, they won’t become Goblin Kings from this, and these ones…have done nothing wrong but defend children. Enough. Walk off or help me, and learn something about Goblins that you can take back to the Minotaur King. If you want to know whether it was right or wrong, go back to her once this is over. But I have met her too, and she respects honor. Go back and tell her you didn’t fight against child-killing monsters and a war of aggression from Drakes because you couldn’t stand with Goblins when the time came.”
Venaz jerked in outrage—then slowed as he and the Professor came face-to-face. A tiny man on a pedestal, clothes blowing as Venaz snorted. The Minotaur looked at Niers, then at the Goblins.
“I will report everything I see, Professor. This is larger than you or I.”
The Titan never moved. The [Grandmaster Strategist] looked Venaz right in the eye, then slowly turned his head. To look at Numbtongue, Snapjaw, Ulvama, and the others.
“Yes. Before I die—I want to know the secret of the Goblin Kings. Are you with me, Venaz?”
The Minotaur took a long moment. Then he saluted.
“Lead on, Professor.”
 
——
 
And there it was. The Fellowship of the Inn grew, by a Gnoll tribe, some mercenaries…and four [Strategists]. Venaz stepped backwards as Niers began to redistribute their organization, inquire about supplies, locations of other tribes, and he interrupted less…but he still interrupted.
Numbtongue didn’t like him. However, he was gratified not to have shed more blood, and the students looked at the Antinium, Goblins, and introduced themselves afterwards.
“I am Peki. You are a [Martial Artist].”
“Y-yes. But only a bit. I mean, I learned a few punches and kicks, but I didn’t have a teacher, not really. My friend, the one who—she left.”
Garia was so flustered she tripped over her words. Peki stared at her, then at Touma the Great.
“You…are a [Martial Artist]?”
He clasped his hands together, all four, in that fist-into-palm greeting, and Peki’s eyes widened. She put a wing arm on Garia’s shoulder.
“You move bad.”
“I know, I—”
“You need training. You fight with me. We train. You too.”
She pointed at Touma the Great, who looked at the [Martial Artist] from Pomle with surprise. Peki looked around.
“And you, whatever you are.”
“I’m Human.”
Fierre hissed, looking around warily. Peki raised her brows.
“Uh huh. You all train. You all level. We will be the best warriors and you will be with me.”
She patted them happily on the arms, then went to show them how to fight. She didn’t have a way with words, perhaps because she had learned how to do a high-kick before she learned how to speak.
Merrik, on the other hand, was shaking hands with Gna, who was bowing to Honored Berr.
“Liscor’s army? Didn’t we fight you one time? Well, a few dozen times, but you’d remember the last one…”
The Gnoll was rubbing at his chin as some awed Goblins surrounded him. A careful Goblin poked him, and the Gnoll looked down.
“Hm?”
