8.65
Page 37
“You. You big Gnoll in fight.”
A timid Goblin asked. She was a regular Goblin, one of the Fellowship. Berr grinned.
“I am a [Berserker], yes? I get bigger when I get angry. And I only get truly angry when it matters.”
She opened her mouth.
“You get big when you get angry? And strong?”
Berr nodded. The Goblin looked around.
“You get strong the more angry you get?”
He nodded one more time, eyes twinkling brown. The Goblin grabbed his legs.
“Teach me!”
If ever there were a class for a Goblin, surely it was that! Berr looked highly amused, and Merrik glanced back over just in time to see a giant, invisible bug staring at him.
“Hard skin.”
Xeu poked Merrik and scuttled back. He eyed her.
“What are you?”
“Xeu.”
“Er…well, put it here.”
The Dwarf took off a gauntlet and held out a hand. Xeu tried to offer a scythe-arm, and Merrik drew the hand back quickly.
“I can do this better, Xeu. Watch. Salutations, sir. I am Pivr, who will not despoil your lands, ravish your women, or steal your purse.”
Pivr brushed her aside and held out a foreleg. Normen and Alcaz sighed as Merrik hesitated again. They came over to help their wayward friend as Apista buzzed by.
Wil kept staring at the bee, but he looked up as a Hob approached and stared at Numbtongue.
“Er…hello?”
The [Lord] was actually more ill-at-ease than Venaz given Terandria’s customs. Numbtongue nodded.
“Hello. I’m Numbtongue. You’re Wil Kallinad. A [Lord] from Terandria.”
“You know who I am?”
“I watched you. On the scrying orb. Very entertaining. Nice sword.”
Numbtongue gestured at the Diamond Mirrorblade. Wil started.
“Er…thank you.”
The two looked at each other, so awkwardly that Ulvama could have cut a slice out and eaten it if she were a [Witch]. She rolled her eyes, stuffing food into her bag of holding as Numbtongue searched for a way to open the conversation to say…
Do you hunt my people because you don’t understand who we are?
Can I tell you about an inn and an [Innkeeper] in hopes that you will change, or you’ll take that story onwards?
What is it like, being a [Lord]? What is Terandria like? What are your thoughts on the Ailendamus-Dawn Concordat conflict, because I have a [Princess] I know who’s quite invested in the subject? Also, my idiot brother might be running around disguised as a [Knight]—don’t tell anyone.
Can I have an autograph?
He hesitated, and his mind went blank. Embarrassed, the [Bard] blurted out the first thing that came to mind.
“F-forsooth.”
“Forsooth?”
Wil looked at Numbtongue as the Hobgoblin turned red. Numbtongue tried again.
“Er…frills. Ruffles.”
He gestured at Wil’s clothing. The [Lord] looked down at his armor.
“Y-you mean the Terandrian style of dress? That’s out of fashion.”
“Um. Yes. I heard it was very big. Very big. I never knew why. So much lace and frills. Seemed stupid.”
Wil heard the very sensible, common byline among most young men who’d had to buy that kind of clothing when it was going around Terandria. From a Hobgoblin’s mouth. He took his time and tried to say something as if he were talking to someone from home.
“Yes, well…you know, it began because a rather lacy dress saved the Countess of Merrimorn from plunging to her death when she fell over the balcony at a masquerade? She was saved because all that thread caught and kept her suspended long enough for people to pull her up. And Merrimorn practically sets some trends.”
“Really? I had no idea. What’s…who’re Merrimorn?”
“Oh, they’re a noble family—do you, um, know Terandrian kingdoms?”
“I know someone from Calanfer.”
