8.65
Page 19
It looked so far away, but the Gnolls were shouting at him. Merish looked back at the Hobgoblin and the webs that struck Viri.
“Viri.”
The Gnoll began his final charge, but a voice roared in his ears. Loud, booming.
“Are you an idiot, warrior? Retreat! [Warriors Fall Back]!”
Something snapped him out of his rage. Merish turned and ran, and another arrow struck him from behind. But he—looked around as more Gnolls came charging past him?
Who?
 
——
 
“Attack! Attack!”
Chieftain Shaik howled, and Niers spun around. A second wave of Gnolls streamed over a ridge that had managed to hide their swift approach.
“What? I’ve been ambushed? Me?”
The Titan saw a wave of Gnolls cut off the pursuing Goblins and the Lomost tribe’s warriors. They didn’t clash hard; most were on horseback or aided by some kind of speed Skill; they threw nets and other slowing spells.
Distraction. Numbtongue was pursuing the leader of the attackers, though. But someone had seen the [Bard]’s charge and high-level warriors. So…they’d come right at him. Niers saw a group charge straight at Numbtongue.
“I’ve been ambushed. Me.”
He repeated the words slowly. His eyes spun across the battlefield, and there that idiot was, greatsword in hand. A gemstone blade, sweeping forwards as Numbtongue pivoted. The Hobgoblin blinked—and Venaz’s charge carried the two blades into a clash that rang through the air like a crystal bell.
The Minotaur roared as Wil, Peki, and Merrik charged into the Fellowship of the Inn, shouting. Niers took one look at them and began swearing.
“You idiots! You Sariant Lamb-brained, toad-licking, four-fingered, bumbling, incompetent—”
He glanced towards the last Doomslayers. They were getting away. And meanwhile—
 
——
 
“Cover their retreat! With me! With me!”
Venaz met the Hobgoblin with the crystal sword in the first charge. He’d picked him out as some kind of leader. Goblins and Gnolls?
Wil had wanted to find out what was going on, but Venaz had seen them trying to kill the Gnolls and acted. He saw Goblins? He knew which side he was on.
A master-crafted blade. The Dragonblood sword was superior to even an ordinary enchanted blade. However—Venaz bore something made by just as great a master, and his was enchanted.
The Diamond Greatsword of Serept sang as it met the Dragonblood sword and threw Numbtongue back. Venaz whirled the blade, and the Hobgoblin barely survived the next strike. The Minotaur was throwing his weight behind each blow, and he was bigger and stronger than Numbtongue.
What made the [Bard] blink was how fast Venaz was.
[Haste]. The Minotaur blurred across the battlefield, leaving a faint afterimage with each motion. He lifted a blade and deflected an arrow.
“Venaz! Fall back, fall back!”
“No! Push on! Rout them or we’ll not get away!”
The Minotaur knew he was right. They had to beat back this first wave, then run for it. The tribe they were with, the Hekitr tribe, could hamper pursuers with their trapsetting experts, but they were at the mercy of outriders.
Besides…he locked eyes with a second Goblin who appeared, aiming a bow at him with a snarl.
They had [Snipers].
“Bows! Down the bows!”
The Gnolls in his ambush party showered the enemy archers, and they had to take cover. But that Goblin was putting a bead on Venaz. He drew back—
“Hah! Goblins and Antinium? This is a real fight! [Sundering Blow]!”
Honored Berr appeared with a laugh. He tossed up a hatchet—then threw it.
