8.65
Page 16
“But that’s Infinitypear’s only possession, Niers. And Rasktooth’s necklace…”
The Goblin protectively covered the tooth of a Raskghar, which he had taken when he’d won his freedom. Niers nodded, meeting Fierre’s gaze.
“That’s why it matters. That’s why they’ll fight like they mean it. And any Gnoll will want a bunch of gold or a Raskghar’s tooth. Sacrifice. Sacrifice and stakes. Remember that, people!”
Fierre shuddered as Niers used the S-word. His students looked at Niers and began to figure it out. Ulvama was leaning over to prompt the [Strategist] to say something to her, and Octavia was elbowing Badarrow, who wanted to know if there were any bow-themed weapon arts, which of course there were. Bird wanted another story about fantastic birds and where to shoot them.
It was convivial, and Chieftain Orni of the Lomost tribe was riding over to humbly ask Niers for something—perhaps guidance for her warriors. A few Gnoll children were trying to saunter like the Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings, and Niers Astoragon was turning back to his [Message] scroll to keep talking with Altestiel, Perorn, or one of the pests who had located him.
Then his head snapped up. His eyes narrowed, and the words left his lips.
“Ambush! Straight ahead and in the grass, there!”
He pointed and shouted, and everyone whirled as a patch of slightly tall grass moved, and a group of Gnolls surged to their feet. They were surprised, but already preparing to loose arrows from the bows they held.
Also, the second shout that came after Niers and the short struggle as a bounding little figure—a Lizardman?—leapt up and shouted.
“Look out! Look out, they’re going to—”
Right before a Gnoll tackled him and roared. The other warriors surged to their feet, twice betrayed, and nocked arrows.
Niers had actually predicted their attack, which was practically unheard of, even for someone with [Dangersense]; it told you that you were in danger, but it could be fooled until someone shed their cover Skills or activated a trap.
The Titan, though…he had about thirty seconds on an ambusher sometimes, a lifetime of time. For larger groups or an army in wait? He could sense them up to an hour away.
Even so—off-guard they might be, but they had lain in wait. Now, the Gnolls rose.
Gnolls. The Lomost Tribe’s guards hesitated as they saw groups of Gnolls rising in small pockets. Nearly forty in total; well-armed, wearing magical paint, and holding enchanted weapons.
[Warriors] of the Plain’s Eye tribe. Five groups of roughly eight, in different spots around the marching group.
Five groups stood; Niers pointed at the one closest on their left.
“[Covering Fire: Archers]!”
Over a hundred arrows shot towards the Gnolls, and they dove. Three went down, magical armor or not. The bow shots had been immediate, before the Gnolls even thought to fire.
Skills.
The second group lifted their bows, and Niers roared.
“[Superior Counterfire]!”
Again, arrows shot towards them, but not hundreds; eight, one for each Gnoll. He heard a howl as they suffered their own attack, and a spectral arrow exploded in flames among their ranks.
Three more.
“[Arrowguard]!”
The arrows snapped and exploded off a barrier in midair. Niers saw the Gnolls cursing, but he was turning. The wagon had exploded into chaos, and his pedestal rocked as Snapjaw surged to her feet—and knocked him off-balance. Niers cursed, falling, as Numbtongue leapt off the wagon, drawing his sword. Ulvama tried to scramble up and got a foot in the stomach as Gothica leapt off her.
