8.65
Page 35
“Hobs, regular Goblins, and one [Shaman]. If I am dismissive and thought I could take any Goblin tribe, it isn’t because I’m a fool. Rather—I understand Goblins move the world over. Occasionally Goblin Kings arise, but the Goblins of Izril are rated as fairly unlikely to require intervention—especially with their Goblin Lord dead—by the House of Minos’ strategists. And we do watch them. I’m surprised by their martial prowess, but now I recognize Redfang, which were a named tribe.”
Badarrow and Numbtongue blinked, and Dirtmouth’s mouth opened as she chewed some clay for variety. A Minotaur kingdom knew of their tribe? She blushed, putting her hands to her cheeks. They’d made it!
“Why are we not strong?”
Venaz shrugged in answer to Badarrow’s question.
“Individual Goblins? We had a Tremborag listed, as well as a high-level [Witch] and one of your Great Chieftains in the north. In the south…”
He counted briefly on his fingers.
“…about the same number of Goblins, Chieftains or otherwise, we were uncertain of. I’m sure these Redfangs might be skilled warriors, and you were…good. What’s your name?”
“Badarrow.”
Venaz grunted.
“Hm. That’s not traditional Goblin naming. Nor does the House of Minos underestimate your intelligence or ability to adapt. It’s just…in all of Izril, you have one singular Goblin Chieftain confirmed as being one of the Great Goblin subtypes. A Fomirelin, as you call yourselves. He has as many as, what, ten of his kind in his tribe?”
The Redfangs and other Goblins stirred. Rasktooth frowned around.
“What that?”
Ulvama was watching Venaz like a hawk. Even Niers was rubbing his chin with interest, though he knew the term. Venaz snorted softly.
“You don’t even know. A giant Hob—massive, far taller than normal. Unto half-Giants as to regular Humans, I suppose. With more abilities than just that. Most of you don’t know what I’m talking about. That’s a Fomirelin. Your most dangerous tribe in all of Izril has ten. When the Goblins of their damned floating isle clash with the House of Minos every year, we have seen two dozen in battles regularly. A Goblin Lord haunts that isle, and it is the reason the House of Minos must fight to deplete their numbers. No force has ever taken that isle, but we keep them contained.”
Numbtongue’s jaw dropped. Pyrite had gotten up and was peering at Venaz. He looked at Numbtongue and nodded.
The isle of Goblins. Greydath had told Pyrite about it, once. A Goblin King’s legacy.
“Fomirelins? Great Goblins? An island? Is this true, Professor?”
Wil turned to Niers and the Titan shrugged.
“The House of Minos clashes with them once a year. A bloody affair. The island floats, you see, and it has strong magical protections. The Minotaurs have always laid claim that they keep the Goblins more or less contained by way of attrition, or else the Goblins would send out groups to lead other tribes—which they do, despite the Minotaurs’ best efforts. I have often wondered, though…who is containing who?”
Venaz’s look of satisfaction as he surveyed the room turned to one of astonishment as he glanced at the Titan. Niers met the gaze calmly, and Numbtongue remembered the powerful army of Minotaurs who had beaten the King of Destruction.
There were Goblins who could fight them? Who had their own island?
A city. Reiss was whispering it, but Venaz just folded his arms once more.
“I am sworn to prevent another Goblin King occuring, Lord Astoragon.”
“And you think I’m not? Venaz, you pig-headed idiot, I knew the Goblin King! I spoke with him! Who regrets Velan the Kind more? Me or you?”
