8.65
Page 38
“Really? I mean—I’ve been to Calanfer! Er, I, uh, the war’s not going well.”
“Mm. Ailendamus, right? You ever been?”
“As a matter of fact…”
They began to actually talk to each other, and Wil found he was curious about the Dragonblood crystal sword, Numbtongue’s guitar, everything, really, and that damn bee!
The last of the [Strategists] was alone. No Goblin wanted to talk to Venaz. Even the other Wild Wastes Gnolls were more popular. Ulvama was flirting with them, and Venaz looked around for someone to talk to.
And there he was. Bird wandered over and looked at Venaz. He was eating a raw egg.
“You’re Bird the Hunter. Do you want to converse about your species or mine? Venaz of the Beriad.”
Niers glanced over, and his eyes lit up as he saw another fellow traveler walking down the roads to perdition. He did not stop Venaz.
“I am Bird, hello. You are Sir Cow. I am told this by the Dwarf to call you this. No, wait. I have gotten it wrong. It is Sea Cow or Sir Bull. I am sorry.”
Venaz’s face went slack as the [Liar] tilted his head back and forth. Was he a silly Bird? Even he didn’t know.
“You…are mistaken. My name is Venaz. I prefer the proper forms of address. Are you called Bird?”
“Yes. You may call me Revelantor Bird the Hunter, Ballistae-Protector of The Wandering Inn, [Bird Hunter], and good singer. Every time you talk to me.”
The Minotaur scrutinized Bird’s face and listened to the playful tone.
“I did not know Antinium had a sense of humor.”
“I do not like you. You are mean to Goblins. But I will speak to you if you tell me if the House of Minos has lots of…”
Bird hesitated. He leaned in and whispered.
“…birds.”
Venaz looked around to try and tell whether he was being pranked. He looked at Bird, and the Antinium happily ate more egg yolk.
“Are you…would you take tea? Is that a…custom Antinium have? Do you have any hobbies? I will converse with you, but I don’t quite know what would be socially acceptable. I doubt we can go on a hunt. Walk?”
Bird tilted his head back and forth.
“I could play chess. It is a silly game, but I will play with you. I have beaten your teacher so I am the best chess player in the world. I have also beaten Erin.”
The Minotaur just stared at him. Niers shouted grumpily.
“You beat me when I’m relaxed, Bird. Or when I let you have a pawn or two to make your stupid pictures!”
Bird happily ignored Niers.
“I could…play chess with you. I do find the game interesting. Do you know other games? Go? Shogi?”
“I was there when it was invented, silly Minotaur. Let us play. Then we will sing.”
“Sing? Wait, say that part again? You’re from Liscor. Do you know…who’s this Erin?”
The [Liar] happily walked past Venaz, humming under his breath. The Minotaur followed, to his later regret. Apista buzzed around happily.
Look at all these new friends! She landed on a furry head and Berr went cross eyed as she deposited a cigar into a paw. He blinked at her, then grinned and took a puff. Apista gave him a salute with one feeler and Wil rubbed his eyes.
Lo, the Doomslayers have been repelled, though some escaped, but enemy turned into friends reunited with teacher! Onwards! Now, onto war and salvation for the little child. 
The bee buzzed around the tent and came to a stop next to the Titan.
To war and victory. The Fraerling eyed her. Apista waved an antenna at him, and he grudgingly passed his own blunt to her.
“Alright, alright. Let’s both go kick some heads in.”
 
 
 
 
