8.65
Page 20
The hatchet whipped through the air and split Badarrow’s bow. It exploded with a curse, and the Hobgoblin lurched back. But not just that—Gothica, waving her parasol, screeched as it too exploded. Gna’s paw rang, and she cursed; it felt like she’d broken her fingers! She peeled off as Salkis raced past her.
“Salkis! Stop!”
The hatchet had taken out three weapons with one throw! Honored Berr looked up as the Bloodfeast Raider leapt from her saddle, daggers flashing at him.
He dug his foot into the ground and kicked a spray of dirt into her face. Then he headbutted her. Then the famous [Berserker] gave into one of his rages.
“Dead g—”
Gna ducked as Salkis went flying past her, then another of Lomost’s warriors. Venaz whirled his blade back and clashed again with Numbtongue as the Wild Wastes [Mercenaries] entered the fray.
[Berserkers], running into the Lomost tribe’s warriors and thrashing them, outnumbered or not. Venaz shouted.
“Peki! Where are you and Merrik? Get your short legs over and—”
He swore, backing up as the [Bard] slashed at him. He was good! He moved like a sword-expert suddenly, and Venaz found himself trading blows.
Not that he needed to order his fellow students.
A Frost Wyvern was diving, poised to ice the entire wave of attackers, when Snapjaw heard Niers shout.
“Above you!”
She looked up. She hadn’t encountered a foe yet who had outmaneuvered her in the skies. But that was because she fought Drakes.
Peki snap-kicked Snapjaw out of her saddle, and the Hobgoblin went screaming over Icecube’s wing. Ulvama pointed desperately up at her to slow her fall, and Icecube tried to dive, snapping at the thing that had attacked it.
“[Anvil Kick]. [Rapid Fire Punches: Incendiary Fist]. This is stupid. Venaz is an idiot.”
Peki dropped, hit Icecube in the forehead, then flashed across the Frost Wyvern’s front. Her fists left a burning trail across his scales, and he dropped, disoriented, out of the sky. She dove as a Dwarf led a charge.
“[Unit: Stone Skin]! Take them down and fall back in order! Venaz, you clod, you’re in too deep!”
The Minotaur was dueling Numbtongue, and the Hobgoblin’s minute was running out fast. Merrik charged straight into Gna, who had recovered her blade, and she swung down, hit his stone-body Skill, and the [War Leader] took her down.
[Body of Stone]. Even stronger than his unit Skill. [Ram’s Charge] knocked Gna flat, and Merrik raised his hammer.
“[Giant’s Hammer]!”
The quaking impact made everyone lurch, and the group of Gnolls advanced on Lomost’s warriors. Meanwhile, the Fellowship was going after Venaz and Merrik.
Rasktooth stabbed Merrik from the side as he brought his hammer up and nearly shattered Gna’s jaw. The Cave Goblin stared at his dagger as it failed to pierce Merrik’s armpit, and the Dwarf backhanded him. Infinitypear lashed at him with his spear, but the Dwarf with a body of stone nearly caved in his chest.
Bird’s arrow saved Infinitypear; Merrik swore as an arrow glanced off his brow.
“Archer! Archer! Peki, take him down! Wil!”
“On it. Fall back, will you? [Ram’s Charge]!”
The [Lord] was on foot, which was odd because he preferred a horse. But the reason for that was because—
“[Ram’s Charge]!”
A [Lord] rode into battle, and two more charged past him. For a second, Bird thought he was hallucinating because he saw triple. One was on horseback, but all three had the Diamond Shortsword of Serept, the aptly-named Threefold Mirrorblade.
The Skill caused another crash as the Wild Wastes tribe happily smashed into their opponents. It was looking like a slaughter—only Merrik didn’t see any blood.
