8.65
Page 6
“Quarass of Germina, you wound me. ‘Course, it’s four. I thought a mite-sized ruler might not drink?”
“One glass for an occasion like this is acceptable. I have been [Bandit Lord] before. Raise a glass. And I’m a [Drunkard] with over a hundred levels in the class cumulatively. You do not understand my thirst.”
The Quarass sighed. She peered into the barrel and frowned up at them.
“…Is this a barrel of Fissivilian scotch?”
Rasea winked at her.
“Yep.”
“A barrel.”
“You don’t make kegs for [Pirates]. Or [Mages], as it turned out. We got a good haul. Alright, let’s get this right. First, to Maresar the [Bandit Lord]! Second, to breaking Amerys out of Wistram! Third, to raiding the Academy of [Mages]!”
Rasea scooped up a glass and fearlessly downed what had to be six shots in one go. Amerys took a shot-glass and lifted it before sipping. The Quarass hesitated with a similar portion to Rasea in hand and emptied all but a single shot before sighing and drinking it.
The [Pirates] cheered and went for drinks, and that was how Trey experienced their sailing away from Wistram. Without much in the way of regrets. Just relief.
It was done. If the same had passed and they had all failed and it had been for naught? He imagined that and shook his head.
“Freedom. I’ll fly to Reim as soon as we land. I could carry you with me, but we need passage for the Earthers. Nerrhavia’s Fallen is broken at Reim; we must make sure it stays that way. Liberate allies, like the Mad Ones…or the Monks of Sottheim.”
Amerys broke her vow of talking about the future shortly after the toast. She floated bites of sushi in front of her, nibbling at them—her stomach was shrunken from disuse, but she savored each bite—as Gazi did likewise. The Gazer blinked one amused eye at Amerys.
“Someone already got Sottheim.”
“Who?”
“The Empress of Tiqr. She is gathering more of our allies. She has Loquea Dree too, in a bid to retake her homeland.”
Amerys blinked. She tripped again as she lost concentration and went floating head-over-heels before she came to a stop in the air and turned.
“Wait, Tiqr fell? What else has happened while I’ve been out?”
Gazi thought about it as a mischievous grin came to her face.
“Do you remember the ruler of Jecrass? The current one, not the old [King].”
“Um…um…Raelt? Ordinary, fairly low-level [King], likes oranges or something? What, did Jecrass get wiped out? They leaked some of that to me.”
Amerys snapped her fingers. Gazi snorted.
“He challenged the King of Destruction when our lord was set to take Belchan’s capital—you won’t believe what happened next. We have a lot to tell you, Amerys.”
“And a lot to do. I want someone to trim my nails. I want to bathe. I…I need to walk through a forest and smell the air. And beat Nerrhavia into the ground.”
Amerys stretched. Trey watched her, worried, and had to say something.
“As long as you remember your promise.”
Gazi and Amerys looked at him, and Gazi blinked.
“What promise?”
She didn’t know. Amerys looked at her and then at Trey with great amusement.
“You mean, Gazi didn’t put you up to it? I thought of any of the Seven, she might have had a hand in it. I made a promise to Trey, Gazi. He told me to my face he wouldn’t free me if I refused.”
Gazi’s eyes widened as she looked at Amerys. The Archmage whispered in her ear, and the Gazer swung around to stare at Trey. He smiled, and Amerys nodded at him.
“I will keep it, Trey. Not just because I am a [Mage] of my word—but because I have agreed, in part.”
“You have?”
