8.65
Page 27
Two Hobs versus three [Lords]. The three Wils moved in concert, spreading out to flank their foe. Which was a mistake, because the first Hob with the crystal blade clashed with the first two Wils—backed up as the second parried a swing—and both turned on the third Wil.
“Oh—”
Wil #1 deflected Badarrow’s slash, and Numbtongue calmly ran him through the side. The other two Wils blanched as the Hobgoblins calmly ganged up on the [Lord]. Seeing it, they tried to close ranks.
The two Redfangs spread out, so both Wils were back-to-back. Badarrow and Numbtongue watched each other, and the Wils realized that their teamwork was almost as good as—
“Yah!”
Badarrow shouted. He charged with a giant swing overhead as a feint as Numbtongue leapt forwards with a thrusting strike then backed off before he ran into the tip of Wil’s blade. Both Wils backed up and slammed into each other.
The Redfangs took the moment and Numbtongue tossed his sword. He tossed his sword, and Wil #2 parried it, looked up, and saw the guitar descend down on his head. It made for a fine mace.
“Don’t kill the last one, Badarrow!”
The Hobgoblin grunted as he heard the voice. He and Wil slashed at each other as the off-balance [Lord] tried to fend him off. Badarrow waited for his timing, slapped Wil’s sword down hard, then jumped forwards and booted him between the legs as hard as he could. The [Sniper] saw the [Lord] go white and keel over. He grunted, putting his sword down.
He didn’t like swords as much as bows. But that proved it. He still had it. The Minotaur was just good. The Hobgoblin put a foot on the fallen [Lord]’s chest as Numbtongue, chortling, claimed two magic gemstone swords. Now that was an investment. He almost touched the sword before Niers warned him to stop and sighed.
Curses.
 
——
 
Three [Strategists] were down, and the last one had drawn his greatsword. Venaz saluted The Crimson Soldier grimly as the Antinium backed up. He began to blur with the [Haste] spell and then realized his friends were down.
Dead? No. And Berr and the Wild Wastes tribe hadn’t been fighting. Indeed…they hadn’t gone to the rescue of their valuable clients, but had instead been watching with huge grins.
Even in his battle-haze, Venaz could realize something was off, and the Minotaur was looking around when a familiar voice rang out. Peki, staring up at the sky as Garia and Fierre high-fived; Merrik, blinded and surrendered; Wil, probably in too much pain to hear properly with Badarrow standing on him; and Venaz all heard that familiar voice.
“Students! The simulation is over. Your test is complete. You will now wake up from the illusion spell and receive your final grade.”
The Titan of Baleros stood on his pedestal and looked around. Just to see their expressions. The laughing little giant who cackled at their incredulity in his battle where no one had died—just thought they might.
And people wondered why he had enemies. Ulvama and Bird glanced at each other, then Bird flicked Niers off his pedestal.
 
——
 
As soon as Niers had seen the ambush and realized who it was, he had located Berr and told him to stop fighting. The Gnoll had seen his kin with Goblins and hadn’t decided to go into a blood-crazed slaughter anyways.
That the Titan had let his four prized students fight with the Fellowship of the Inn was because he wanted them to level. And test each other. One could argue his four students had been outmatched from the start in terms of sheer numbers, but Niers had told the really dangerous combatants—and one slightly incompetant one, Fals—to hang back.
