8.65
Page 8
Rasea Zecrew followed them with her eyes, and Trey couldn’t help but nod. He looked at Elena. The young woman came to sit next to him. She looked at Trey, the scar on his neck, the Quarass—the freed Archmage and Gazi.
She didn’t say anything for a while, just sat. She asked him one question.
“Trey. Was it worth it?”
He looked after Amerys and sighed. But Trey didn’t hesitate.
“Yes.”
 
——
 
Was it worth it?
Not Amerys’ breakout, but the whole of it. After the battle was over, and the army of Nerrhavia’s Fallen surrendered, at last, the King of Destruction came out of his palace.
He had been there throughout the battle, save for the one time he had emerged to throw the javelin. Not in fear or expectation of the end, as it turned out. He had known about the Quarass’ troops.
Rather, he had not shown himself because he’d been…hiding.
Hiding in shame.
He was still bandaged from head to foot, burned beyond healing. He should not have been on his feet, but he walked nonetheless, surrounded by [Healers] and bodyguards.
To see Maresar.
Venith knelt in front of her. He had folded her arms, but then retreated to sit two dozen paces away. Because he had to.
Her body was partly charred from fire, and the arrow had done terrible damage where it struck her on the side. The [Bandit Lord] looked like she was resting bitterly, but almost peacefully.
Venith Crusland sat away from her, staring at her. When he looked at the King of Destruction, two cores of broken metal seemed to pierce outwards—not just at Flos, but everything.
He sat in a cone fifteen feet wide of…destruction. The ground was torn up, the stones cracked. Everyone walked wide of him.
Wrath. It had snapped arrows, torn flesh, and it continued. An aura unchained.
Flos Reimarch said nothing. He just knelt too, his bandages bleeding red. 
Maresar.
How many more? How much longer, and for what?
Venith didn’t say it out loud. Nor did the young woman, weeping, her wounds bandaged. Teresa Atwood looked at Maresar and saw only her, the one casualty in this war.
 
——
 
Nawalishifra shouldn’t have been alive, but she was. She wandered among a charnel house of the dead.
Burnt corpses. The Quarass of Germina had struck terror into Nerrhavia’s Fallen at the end of the battle, with one of the many ways she knew how. Fire. Fire and ash.
It made it less bloody. Almost less gruesome because she found only ash; Stitch-folk had burnt away, cloth and all.
Nawal was sick. Sick at heart. Sick with guilt. Lady Maresar, a living legend, was dead. Her husband had sacrificed a blade to free Nawal of her debts.
Even when I tried to die, I couldn’t make amends. Nawal did not know what would happen next. She had seen the King of Destruction come down from his palace, but he had no eyes for her. She had been forgiven by Venith.
She was Nawal…
Nawal…
Just Nawalishifra. No longer of Clan Tannousin.
It was not that Venith had the power to take away her ties of blood and home. He did not have the class or authority over her.
He had simply told her what she’d known, deep down. The day they had abandoned her, let her cast herself on his wrath…
She was no longer Nawalishifra Tannousin. Now, she was Nawal.
Free.
Freedom was a terrible thing. She didn’t have anything left. No pride, no belief in herself. Only her hammer to offer, and she had sullied the thing lying in the blood. Nawal had cast it down, and she would never pick it up again. Not after what she’d done.
The [Smith] looked around and saw at least one group of people were happy, even exuberant. Reim’s people were exhausted, mourning Maresar, but hard at work.
