8.65
Page 21
The roaring Human [Berserker] from Terandria had his axe raised to kill a downed foe when one of the Gnolls from Berr’s group knocked him flat. He kicked a Gnoll down and disarmed another—they weren’t killing their people.
The same wasn’t clear about the Goblins or Niers’ students. Numbtongue’s Skill ran out, and Shorthilt’s expertise left him. Venaz whirled his sword and took a chunk out of his arm. He would have cut Numbtongue’s leg off, except he whirled and deflected a slash from Badarrow. The [Sniper] had dropped his bow and gone for his sword.
Two Wils ran into battle, one of them hesitating when he saw Gothica, and then backing up as the Goblin slashed wildly at him. Another swung his sword and cleaved through Normen’s blackjack, then slashed through Pivr’s side, scoring a line of green from the Prognugator’s flank.
“Ow.”
 
——
 
Bird calmly took aim at Venaz. The Minotaur was closest to killing one of his friends. Pivr did not count. He drew back, looked up, and murmured.
“A b—”
Peki kicked him out of the wagon. Bird landed on the ground and flailed wildly as she took off for a decisive falling blow. Peki dove—and someone launched themselves up. The Garuda twisted, and the kick from the young Human woman missed her.
“Huh?”
Peki landed. Garia twisted, raised her fists, and went for a punch. The [Martial Artist]-[Lieutenant] twisted, pushed the punch sideways, and turned the push into an elbow. Garia staggered and threw another punch. Just like Ryoka had shown her.
A classic, knock-you-flat punch with all the weight of [Greater Strength] behind it. Peki saw it coming, grabbed the arm, and threw Garia. She saw the Human girl’s eyes go wide and learned that Garia had never figured out how to break her fall.
“Huh.”
Peki turned to Bird and then threw up an arm. Fierre’s kick sent her flying, but the Garuda caught herself in the air, landed, and charged back.
“Garia! Are you al—”
Fierre took a taloned kick to the chest and slammed into the wagon so hard she cracked the wood. She and Garia got up, and Peki whirled. It was the Antinium [Archer] who…
Bird rubbed at his back shell as he went to sit down next to Ulvama in time-out. The Garuda stared at him, then saw Garia charging. Fierre did a jump-kick. Peki stared at it and dodged as she threw a flurry of counter-punches that Garia took half of. She was in the thick of it, and Garia’s eyes went wide as she found herself losing. But Peki kept thinking it.
Hm? Something was a bit—
 
——
 
Honored Berr was thrashing the Drake with the knives and taking on the Antinium and Goblins in a whirlwind of punches, but one of the Wild Wastes Gnolls and Hekitr tribe were clashing with the majority of the Lomost Gnolls, backing up the strange group of irregulars. A howling Gnoll with a sword was charging another with a spear when the other raised his paw.
“Wait! Wait! Hekitr tribe?”
The sword-Gnoll slowed and nearly ran into the raised shield.
“Huh? Lomost?”
They stared at each other as the Gnolls, who hadn’t gone instantly for the kill unlike the ambushers, hesitated. One of the Wild Wastes Gnolls stopped punching faces in. The attackers and defenders looked at each other.
“…Why are we fighting?”
They stared at each other, and both sides lowered their weapons, save for the Human, who once again had to be tackled before he attacked everything in sight. The Goblins had already pulled back.
It was only the [Strategists] who were fighting…and the little voice that rang in both sides’ heads advised them to keep up the ruse. The Gnolls vaguely waved their weapons at each other.
“Take that.”
