8.65
Page 15
“If he breaks a leg, he’d be halfway towards going through what that other City Runner survived. Fals is careful, a classic Runner’s Guild City Runner. He takes few risks, he’s practical, fairly well-liked from how Garia talks about him, and he will never break Level 30 before he’s actually 30 at the rate he’s going. Breaking a leg would help him. So would pushing himself. Running fifty laps with weights on his ankles isn’t half as hard as dodging [Assassins]. If he can’t do even that, he should give up on wanting levels. Which is respectable, but you can’t have both.”
Niers looked up at the silence. Gothica spoke, turning from Icecube to smile at him.
“Mean.”
“I’m being honest. People assume honesty is me being mean. Believe me, when I’m mean, I’ll do more than hurt someone’s feelings. And people assume rudeness is being straightforward.”
Niers snorted. He went back to writing and sighed.
“There.”
“What you working on now?”
Ulvama looked curiously at Niers as he folded up the piece of paper twice his height; he’d been writing hard on it to make it legible. She kept speaking in bad grammar, though he knew she had proper diction.
“Something for Numbtongue. Here. I’d recommend you check out a library later and read these books.”
The [Bard] stopped riffing and took the piece of paper with raised brows.
“Huh?”
He unfolded a list of titles on two columns. Niers smiled.
“Books. Stories and anthologies of songs. Don’t let me stop you from playing.”
“You told Garia to practice blocking magic, and you’re giving Numbtongue a list of songs? What about a weapon art? Can I have one? Know any for daggers?”
Salkis protested. Niers sighed.
“Does his class say ‘[Warrior]’ or ‘[Bard]’? You want a weapon art?”
“Yes, yes!”
Salkis shot up. Instantly, four hands did the same.
“No, me! I am great warrior!”
Rasktooth waved wildly. Snapjaw raised her hand and made Badarrow raise his hand for her.
“Lord Astoragon! Do you know any alchemical recipes?”
Octavia begged. Niers sighed.
It reminded him of class. He looked at Salkis.
“Alright. Take your daggers, form a cross across your chest. Think—stylized [Assassin].”
“Okay.”
Salkis did it eagerly. Niers nodded as she adopted a straight-backed pose, like some warrior flashing their daggers before leaping at you—which was a bad idea since that gave you plenty of time to activate a Skill, but whatever—he nodded and smiled.
“Now, stab yourself through the chest, pray like heck you survive that, and spray the enemy with your own blood. Then you do a leap forwards and slash them. Works like a charm. Trust me, they never see it coming.”
Salkis wavered. She gave Niers a narrow-eyed stare, and he gave the Drake whose class he couldn’t read a calm one in reply. He didn’t have to read it.
He knew a killer when he looked her in the eyes. Niers turned and whistled for Rasktooth and Infinitypear.
“You two. You’re low-level enough that you can level. Go challenge two Gnolls to a match. No blood, no death. But I guarantee you’ll level if you do what I say.”
Rasktooth and Infinitypear looked at him curiously, as did the other [Warriors], as Snapjaw laughed at Salkis, and the Drake sulked. It was a real Skill, but you had to really commit to learning it. And invest in healing potions before you got the Skill.
“How we level?”
“Go challenge one of them. Goblins work too, but between you and me, I’d challenge average Gnolls over Hobs. And when you duel them—Infinitypear, put that gold you found with Rasktooth on the line. Rasktooth? Your necklace…or your dagger.”
The Goblin and Antinium looked at each other.
