8.65
Page 26
For the first time, Bird thought he understood how Galuc had fought. Not like some mindless, charging beetle, but constantly moving, swinging on both sides like a pendulum.
 
——
 
Venaz snarled. Was he losing? He couldn’t tell—that Antinium hit hard! His fists were more like spiked knuckles than flesh, and they tore Venaz’s skin and fur open. But the Minotaur ignored that.
I’m losing this way. He kept trying to circle and throw long punches, but the Antinium had four arms for his two and kept coming. So Venaz knocked back one arm and rushed him. He tackled The Crimson Soldier, taking a blow to the head.
But the Minotaur had seen the Antinium’s weakness. Their shell-backs. They had no spine. And what did a beetle or pillbug do when it was on its back? It was helpless.
The two went down, and Venaz raised a fist to beat the Antinium into th—
[Offensive Roll].
The world spun. The Antinium rolled off his rounded shell, and Venaz’s head slammed into the dirt. He looked up and saw the Antinium raising four arms. He began to hammer Venaz’s face and chest.
A Skill! A Skill to erase the problem that the Antinium himself had seen. He—
“—OFF ME!”
Venaz threw the Soldier off him with a roar. The Minotaur was bloody-faced but raging. Both warriors got up fast. They pushed themselves up—and The Crimson Soldier was charging Venaz at the same time as the warrior from the House of Minos charged him.
Most people standing up took the time to at least think. Before he was even up, The Crimson Soldier was running at his opponent. Fight or die.
He took a fist that shattered part of the carapace on his shoulder, and Venaz took two punches to the side. He lashed out and glanced off the Soldier’s back-shell—and ate two elbows in perfect harmony. The Minotaur looked down—and stepped back.
He was losing the infighting. Too compact. Too many punches! When he threw a haymaker in desperation, the Antinium captured it with two arms and tried to break his arm by bringing an elbow down.
The Antinium watching had never seen these tricks. A man with a hat, Alcaz, slowly took it off.
“I’ve never seen someone fight like that.”
The Brother of Serendipitous Meetings stared at the four-armed fighting style with the Antinium around him. Learning.
Venaz retreated as the Soldier came at him. He took a breath.
One blow, one death. His eyes, which had regained their usual color in shock—turned red.
“Uh oh. Stop him—”
The Fraerling looked up from his perch, but Venaz howled, and his last charge was a replica of how he had defeated a fellow Minotaur at the Games of Daquin. One blow, with all his weight behind it, aimed at the head.
The Crimson Soldier saw it coming and began to turn. Venaz saw he was shielding his face with two arms on his left so his trajectory changed to the shoulder.
Break the shoulder to pieces and cripple him for life! The Minotaur struck The Crimson Soldier like a sledgehammer and heard a gutteral voice
“[Body: Redirection].”
The Antinium spun with the Level 3 Skill. Spun, and Venaz’s fist missed the shoulder as The Crimson Soldier twisted, and two arms on his right came up to crack four of Venaz’s ribs. The Minotaur roared and stumbled backwards, hand on his sword. He couldn’t win this fight with his fists.
He’d lost.
 
——
 
The Crimson Soldier’s duel with Venaz had stopped most of the fighting, which had already closed out, but Wil Kallinad and his two clones were still holding their own. The Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings and Antinium had skirmished with him, but the [Lord] was frowning around the odd encounter when two Hobs ran at him.
