8.65
Page 13
Thousands so far, and most of them non-combatants. The highest-leveled fighters were actually the…group of mixed species around the wagon. Which was fine; he had several Level 30+ warriors and [Mages], and besides, these were Gnoll noncombatants.
Every second Gnoll marching or riding along the ground had a bow or sling. Even children could hurl a stone hard enough to crack your forehead.
Not that Niers placed them anywhere near where a sneak attack might occur, if anyone could sneak up on him. But it was the kind of trick that made their perceived threat-count double or triple in an enemy [Strategist]’s [Threat Analysis] Skill if they just went by unit.
That was the kind of mind-game the Fraerling employed. You had to know how the Skill worked, know how to trick it…Niers glanced up as a Drake [Lady] peered around.
“They’re still watching us. Do they get bored?”
It was like an exact replica of his comment. The Goblins, Antinium, Gnoll, Drake, Stitch-girl, and Humans stared at him like some strange relic because he was Niers.
The Gnolls and even Goblins stared at each other and the group riding along like the oddest carnival in the world.
Little Gnoll cubs would race over, sniffing at the strange group, then be called back. Which was a good sign; the adults were losing their wariness of the Antinium and Goblins.
The first few days, they’d refused to move out of their group and had their paws near their weapons. Now? They weren’t comfortable, but after four days of not being stabbed by Goblins in their sleep?
The trick was exposure. Exposure to the Antinium and Goblins made them less of a threat.
It also helped that Bird was there. There was nothing quite like seeing Bird dueting his silly songs with Numbtongue reluctantly playing backup to jar the image of dread Goblins and the Black Tide out of your head.
“Do something interesting, then, Salkis. Juggle knives or something. Anyone?”
“We’re the Fellowship of the Inn, Lord Astoragon, not travelling [Performers]!”
Fierre remarked. Niers scowled.
“Stop calling yourselves that. Who came up with it, anyways?”
“Me.”
Numbtongue raised his hand. Niers rolled his eyes.
“And what are you basing that on? You know ‘Fellowship’ implies you’re all male?”
“Stories I’ve heard. Sounds good.”
The [Bard] was completely unruffled. Niers grumbled.
“It must be a really stupid story, because I’ve never heard of it. Who told you that? Goblins? In which case, I take it back or something.”
“No. Miss Erin told us. You are rude to her. Apologize.”
Bird poked Niers happily in the back. The Fraerling stumbled, raised his crossbow, and Bird drew his hand back quickly.
There they were. Their objective was questionably absent, though Niers had a funny idea he might know what she was calling herself—if not exactly where she was. He glanced at the [Message] scroll.
Then he looked up and inhaled. Numbtongue kept glancing at little Gnoll children with brown, black, red, and blonde fur watching him. He played a little riff on the guitar, and his claws flashed with sparks. One struck Snapjaw’s knee, and she jumped, so Badarrow poked Numbtongue and got a swat in return.
An army on the go, or a people who needed a hand after so many scaly claws had done them an injustice. A Titan on the wrong continent…thousands of moving furry people. Goblins chattering and laughing at the absurdity of it all.
