8.65
Page 3
“We’re not changing for the better, Gazi. Teres and I? We’re turning into people like Flos. I don’t want that for the others.”
Trey looked across the deck, towards Elena. She glanced over and met his eyes, and he was the one who looked away.
The Earthers here. More had escaped; more had been recaptured or just never left. The Drowned Folk had some, the Drakes, others.
Of the ones here? Elena was the one that Trey knew best. There was also Erik Muller, the [Actor], two kids from China that he had seen with Shun and Xiang, and some others.
He would get to know them all, Trey suspected. They looked at him like he was a monster. Fair.
Gazi Pathseeker was running her fingers down the crack in her famous armor. She looked at Trey, and then her eyes shifted to the children.
“You and Teresa are my lord’s obsession, in part. He drags you two with him, and so you see war from his perspective. The others need not do that. Nor will they. If some wish to be safe, or leave, I think he will allow it.”
“Flos? You don’t think he’ll say ‘you have no rights, I’m the King of Destruction’?”
Gazi glanced at Trey. She almost smiled, then nudged him hard in the ribs with one foot.
“He might. But if they do not like him, he may be persuaded, especially if we speak our minds. As you know—he does not care for the company of people he dislikes. Those he wishes to like him…that is different.”
Trey nodded. That was as good as he’d get for now. He still felt slightly shocked by how it had all gone down. He lay on his back, and Minizi hopped on his chest. She had abandoned her oversized sword, and the two-foot-tall Golem stood proudly with a tiny twig like a claymore. She waved it at Gazi, and the Gazer smiled.
She too was enjoying her freedom. But unlike Amerys, what Gazi was doing was eating. She had a bowl of the [Chef]’s food in one hand and was eating with two chopsticks. She was also checking her armor, but the main reason she could do that was, well…
Because she’d taken it off.
It was the first time Trey had ever seen Gazi take her armor off. That she had done so at all might have had something to do with a month or two of sitting underwater day and night. Underneath her armor, Gazi wore what was surprisingly like a modern, form-fitting skinsuit. She was fairly lithe, as she stretched out.
Oh. And she had three-toed feet, and bigger toes per digit. Trey stared at them, and Gazi wiggled her toes as Minzi looked at her stumpy feet; Trey had only made little plodders without digits. The Lifesand Golem gave Trey a look of betrayal for his artistic license and began to poke at her feet, rearranging them into a copy of Gazi’s.
Gazi being out of her armor was as close to naked as Trey had ever seen, which made him not look at her—especially because the form-fitting fabric fit her form perfectly. Gazi seemed amused as she realized that.
Meanwhile, one of Rasea’s crew was feverishly sketching Gazi in her repose. Not just for the…art…of it, but because they had a suspicion that selling the artwork would earn them as much as their share for the raid on Wistram if they found the right clientele. [Pirates] were, after all, an unscrupulous lot.
Mostly, though, the oddly intimate scene, the relaxation, Gazi’s armor, was undercut by one thing. Trey coughed.
“Gazi?”
“Yes?”
She turned, and Trey looked around.
“…Maybe you would want to swim once the Illuminary stops moving? Or step into the rain? I think I have some soap in my bag of holding. I, uh—do Gazers have a strong sense of smell?”
