8.65
Page 25
Venaz and The Crimson Soldier charged towards each other. The Minotaur was taller than the Soldier, heavier, and higher-leveled. His first punch threatened to shatter The Crimson Soldier’s armor.
But it stopped. The Antinium took the heavy punch on a crossguard block with two arms. The other two? Venaz blocked a fist and took one to the side.
Four arms. He grunted and threw a jab. The Crimson Soldier blocked it again. Venaz leaned backwards from another punch. Stay out of range—
The Antinium appeared under his guard. Venaz took a punch to his side and swore as he lashed out. That was a Skill!
He circled left and aimed a kick at the Antinium. The Antinium tried to grab the leg. Venaz backed up even further.
The Antinium charged. Two red mandibles snapped, and Venaz saw two fists rise. He raised one arm, and The Crimson Soldier spun. The arms on his left raised for a blow were a feint. The other two arms held low swung up with all his weight. He pivoted, and the uppercut made Venaz’s arm groan. The Minotaur swore.
This warrior knew how to throw a punch.
He didn’t realize it, but the other Antinium had stopped fighting. They were staring, at the Crimson Soldier. Venaz threw a flurry of jabs, using his longer arms to keep out of range. He saw the Antinium’s four arms rise and block.
Four arms. It looked like such a universal upgrade at first. Other species saw the Soldiers of the Antinium had four arms and felt threatened. It worked, too. Soldiers in the Antinium Wars were famous for overpowering their foes.
What was untrue was that it made them stronger. Antinium Soldiers had to control four arms compared to other species, who only had to manage two. And their feet. And what you saw if you really, truly knew them—something that even Erin Solstice couldn’t boast—was that they were…clumsy.
They tended to use their arms in sync for a movement, or they had to focus because they weren’t good at using their arms. Of course, even a new-born Soldier could throw a punch on both sides.
But it wasn’t using their body. For the first time, the other Free Antinium saw The Crimson Soldier raise his arms, and all four appendages moved independently of the other.
Two arms captured one of Venaz’s as he moved in, and another went to block Venaz’s right fist as he swung down with a roar to break free. The fourth hit Venaz in the side again, just below the ribs.
It hurt! But another fault of the Antinium was that they didn’t swing with their entire body; they were so compact they couldn’t put their full weight into a punch like other species. Venaz roared, and The Crimson Soldier reeled despite his guard, letting go of the arm. The Antinium stepped back as Venaz went for a straight punch to his mandibles to shatter his face.
And again, he pivoted. He turned, and all four arms moved. Two on his right going back while the other two went forwards.
Like a tree blowing in the wind, or how Peki or Garia punched. Redirecting his entire body into a punch.
“Oh. That’s how you’re supposed to do it.”
Bird murmured. He saw Venaz and The Crimson Soldier hit each other and the Minotaur’s face change as he took two hammers to the ribs and stomach. They staggered back, and Bird saw it.
Most Soldiers lived a year at the utmost. Even Workers lived longer. Most Soldiers fought well enough, but they had been engineered by Queens, who had only one template to work off of. Galuc the Builder—and he was not all Antinium of Rhir.
