8.65
Page 0

(The author is on break until the 8th of February! Look out for the chapter then if you’re on Patreon and vote in the poll! I’m tired. My shoulders ache.)
 
The sky was beautiful. Everyone knew that, save for those who had grown up under lands perpetually shaded by cloud and darkness, like Noelictus, or where the sky was another place where danger could come from.
So, on the other hand, it was not a universal truth. Perhaps, though, many who did find the night sky beautiful forgot the first time a little child or even a baby had looked straight up into the first evening sky they ever took notice of.
Or the night sky resplendent with a million shining points of light.
If there was anything that Elena Othonos could ever admit—it was that this world had a more glorious night sky than hers. And she had been born in Greece, where they had seen great constellations and the very faces of deities staring down at them from the shifting aether.
This one, though…if you gazed up at some of the stars on Earth, like Capella in the northeast, you could see that it was golden. Some trick of its composition countless lightyears away and whenever it had looked like that in the past—because light and time were complex that way.
But faintly yellow. This night sky? Elena looked up and saw every color she knew, and more she didn’t. She was a [Beautician], and she knew color.
It was simply that there were variations she couldn’t see on Earth. A shade or quality like the harsh neon that she could call magical. But, of course, such things needed names.
Each star blazed with a different color, and two moons hung in the sky. One was silvery, almost like Earth’s, but instead of that yellowish glow, it was blue, and would sink to deep purple unlike the red that Earth’s moon could develop.
The other was a light green, like the palest refraction from an emerald or piece of glass. Oh…and someone had nibbled at one. Giving the sphere the tiniest little imperfection.
She wondered what that was about. Elena knew the sky, and she appreciated it and the vastness in the air—the sense that this world somehow had more space between her and the stratosphere. Clouds so distant overhead she could focus on them and find a world of detail.
If only she had a telescope. But as Elena looked up, the salt wind blowing on her hair, the faintest memory of pain on her back from where some idiot had shot her with a spell, lungs still burning from running and shouting, distraught, betrayed, and free of Wistram—she did realize she had forgotten to appreciate what the sky meant.
After all, she had lived under it so long, able to just step out whenever she pleased. But for someone who had dreamed of it for months…for an Antinium who looked up for the first and possibly last time in their life—
It was worth far more to them. A figure floated high above the moving pirate ship, arms spread, and, Elena guessed, eyes closed.
Archmage Amerys. She just hung there, flying through the air. Letting rain fall on her. Enjoying it, like a girl playing in a storm.
It pattered off a glowing veil above Elena, the Illuminary’s personal magical barrier. She was grateful for that; the wind wasn’t blocked, and it was chilly at night.
Of course, they could have blocked wind, as surely as they blocked water when the Illuminary dove. As magical vessels went, this was state-of-the-art. It combined the aptitude of Drowned Vessels for diving with the weaponry looted from Minos and a magical hull that glowed like a lighthouse—not to mention a speed practically unmatched on the ocean.
