8.65
Page 11
Gnoll tribes versus Drake armies. Or, to be more accurate, Gnoll tribes fleeing Drake armies who were on the offensive. They were vulnerable, especially given that the highest-leveled Gnolls in most tribes were at the Meeting of Tribes.
Disastrous, another time. This would mean war. Since it already looked like it thanks to the revelations coming out of the Meeting of Tribes—the Drakes had jump-started their side of things.
And they would have gotten away with it too if it weren’t for that meddling Fraerling. Also, the Goblins.
The Ghostly Hand tribe was on the march too, and, for the first time in most people’s living memory, Goblins and Gnolls were marching under the same banner.
Which was Niers’. He kept checking his [Message] scroll. Not very high-quality. It was only something a Gold-rank adventurer might buy. Which meant you could still intercept [Messages] and whatnot, but it was the best artifact he could find.
He was writing to his company in code. Fierre peeked over Niers’ shoulder and got nothing.
Not even a sentence or two. She stared for a good half minute at the strange, stick-like characters before giving up. Even if she could read one of Drath’s tongues, the Titan was sure she wouldn’t be able to crack the interior code.
Things were not well at home, either. But there it was. They knew Niers was alive. Mostly because they were looking for him, but word was spreading. Niers wasn’t in hiding. Soon, little Rock Crabs hiding in their shells would know the Titan was here.
The Fraerling put down the scroll he’d been laboriously writing large upon; no one made Fraerling-sized equipment anywhere in Izril. He looked back at his events-list and swore.
“Bird! I will shoot you!”
He went for his crossbow, and a tiny bolt buried itself in Bird’s left upper arm. The [Hunter] looked at the tiny arrow.
“Ooh. Toothpick.”
“You don’t have teeth, Bird.”
“Then can I not have a toothpick? This is very rude, Octavia. You should be ashamed of yourself.”
Bird carefully picked up the tiny bolt and tried to scrape some food off the side of his mandibles. Octavia Cotton looked at Numbtongue, then at Niers, who was swearing and trying to erase the stylized bird that Bird had drawn by connecting events.
There they were. The band of adventurers from Erin’s inn. Ulvama was peeking at Niers while pretending to sleep on a bed she’d made out of supplies. Numbtongue sat with Badarrow as Snapjaw leaned against the [Sniper].
Icecube waddled after the wagon, sighing, but perking up each time Gothica tossed him a scrap of meat. Octavia was mixing up some of Ulvama’s magical paints, and Captain Gna kept peeking at them as she rode next to a group of marching Antinium.
Salkis would have joined the group in the cart around Niers, but there was no room. So she rode by as Rasktooth and Infinitypear ate…pears.
The same as always. But more tight-knit. Niers didn’t have to look around to see more…familiar interactions.
The Antinium had always been Antinium and the same species, most from the same Hive, but now they looked animated.
As if someone had given sentience to Golems. An odd parallel, but it was true. Instead of marching along stolidly without a word, the Antinium…fidgeted. They had oddities.
Like, Grass Shell would now stop for a second, squat down awkwardly, then hurry off after the others. He’d trundle off to the side and come back with a flower or interesting piece of grass and add it to his shell. It was colorful now and had elements of plant matter beyond grass, despite the [Shaman]’s name.
