8.65
Page 32
“That is a story—and you are all invited to hear it—but not the point. Right now, I need us all on the same page. Students! I’m here, in front of you. No, this is not an illusion.”
Peki opened her beak.
“But you said—”
“I lied, Peki. I lie about things for fun and because it amuses me.”
The Garuda frowned and raised a fist.
“You lied?”
“He lies. He is a bad man. A bad man who is bad at chess and being nice to people.”
Everyone turned to Bird, and Niers scowled.
“Shut up, Bird.”
“Antinium. I’m looking at Antinium and Bird the Hunter, no less. I thought you were on Pallass’ walls.”
Merrik pointed at Bird, recognizing him. Bird tilted his head.
“You recognize me? I am banned from Pallass. I came here because I am looking for Mrsha. Are you a Dwarf? Do you know Pelt?”
Merrik growled in exasperation.
“Why does everyone think all Dwarves know each—”
Then his face changed into one of recognition.
“Wait a second. I do know Pelt. How do you know Pelt?”
“How about Dawil?”
“I—yes, but he’s a Gold-rank adventurer! These examples don’t count!”
Bird happily slapped his knees, but The Crimson Soldier put out a hand and everyone turned back to Niers. He nodded.
“Merrik. You just had your first conversation with an Antinium. One of the infamous Black Tide of Izril. Soulless, mindless killing machines, I’ve heard them called, from Rhir’s hells. If I told you Bird is actually more representative of their species than not—despite being weird, I will admit—what would you say?”
The Dwarf’s eyes closed, and his blocky expression turned thoughtful. Thoughtful. He looked at Bird with a quality Numbtongue recognized, like when Erin would sneakily drop her guard before pulling one of her stunts. Only, this wasn’t subterfuge, just thought.
“Honestly, Professor? It would knock me flat as a coin—a month ago. But after watching the Ksmvr of Chandrar series—I can believe it. People are people. Seems to me we’ve misjudged the Antinium or they’re changing.”
“A- thoughts. Mainly because you had help, but beyond satisfactory. Keep it up, and apply it to Goblins. At least, the ones here. They’re all on the same page—rescuing the little Gnoll who was attacked. A Doombringer, and if you have insight into that, I’ll give you a passing grade for the entire next semester.”
The Titan smiled proudly. Merrik nodded, and the Antinium stirred as the [Strategists] looked at them thoughtfully. Peki pointed at Fierre.
“What’s that?”
“I’m Human!”
Fierre spluttered. Peki narrowed her eyes without a word. Niers chuckled.
“A special Human with special classes, Peki. Drop it. May I present…”
A pained expression flitted across his face.
“The self-described Fellowship of the Inn? Ask them what it means. Goblins, Antinium, Gnoll, Humans, Stitch-Person, Drake, and I suppose I complete the bunch. A group of irregulars, plus two Gnoll tribes and a Goblin tribe. Those are the forces—this is not a simulation or a game. Together, we’re going to make war on Drake armies, Gnoll tribes, and conduct rescue and defense operations. Sound easy? Because I assure you, this is going to be difficult.”
The students blinked. Merrik rubbed his hands together, Peki began to nod with visible excitement, and Wil gulped.
“Professor. What about Feshi and Yerra…?”
Niers waved a hand.
