8.65
Page 31
A delighted smile spread across Merrik’s face. The Titan scowled as Peki’s face brightened up, and Wil exchanged a significant look with Venaz.
“Yes, you ambushed me. Celebrating that is only acceptable when we’re at the academy. You’re leveling up. You are…leveling up. How’s Yerranola?”
The Titan quelled their excitement with a single question. Wil looked at the Fraerling, who had given him the start to the adventure.
“She’s better, Professor. We found something like a miracle medicine that stops her pain. I want to take a sample to Baleros but…she’s better. But she paid for my mistake.”
Niers Astoragon stopped pacing, and gave Wil a genuine look of sympathy.
“Now there’s a proper commander’s way of thinking. Yes, absolutely. You led the campaign, a friend paid the price. Remember that. Remember that, and never let it distract you or drag you down when you’re making the choices that have to be made. Only remember it. It’s good you found an antidote. Feshi’s alive, I take it?”
“At the Meeting of Tribes. We were headed north to find you, actually, Professor. The Wild Wastes tribe were our escort—until the war broke out.”
Merrik explained. Numbtongue raised his eyebrows as he looked at the four students. Badarrow nudged him, and both Redfangs plus Dirtmouth all turned to Honored Berr.
The old Gnoll was listening, cross-legged, eating almost as fast as Snapjaw and Ulvama and half the Antinium. He twitched one ear as the Redfangs looked at him with something approaching reverence.
Old warrior. He looked…tough. Numbtongue wanted to be him when he was older.
Oddly, though they had just been trying to kill each other, Numbtongue didn’t feel the hostility he might have—mainly because no one had died. Also? He saw the [Lord] eying him with wariness, but not an instinctive hatred.
The Minotaur, now…there wasn’t much Erin in him at all. And it was Erin whom Numbtongue thought of.
A chance. But Venaz folded his arms.
“How did you come here, Professor?”
The Titan stopped pacing back and forth, having heard Wil’s account of how they’d gotten here. He turned, and, for a second, everyone—especially the students—waited for one of the Titan’s thrilling tales of survival against all odds. It was in Niers’ eyes…and then it faded.
He looked at Numbtongue, and the silent inn, Mrsha’s kidnapping, and the rest was written across his face. He sighed, sat down on a tiny carved wooden stool, and shook his head.
“I made a mistake. I’ll tell you everything tonight, students. But the point? To summarize it all, I went on an adventure looking for a grand old time, and I made a mistake. But for luck, as much as my resourcefulness, I survived. I kept making silly mistakes because I thought I was the Titan of Baleros. I ended up here, in a warzone, chasing a kidnapped girl and investigating a plot to kill children among the Gnoll tribes. Meanwhile, someone is attacking my people—Fraerlings—and trying to take down my Great Company. I have myself to blame, and I will.”
His students blinked as the Titan sat there, looking weary. Then Niers raised his head and gave them a sardonic smile.
“Never let it be said your Professor doesn’t admit when he’s wrong. Trust me—I’ve had a lot of people remind me. In the last months, I’ve been wounded more badly than I ever have since my adventuring days by a damn avian, been outlevelled, and surprised too many times to count. Betrayed, too. Peclir Im is a traitor and a dead man.”
His students were astonished, but Niers clapped his hands.
