8.65
Page 14
Even Shaik, the Chieftain, riding on a giant Shield Spider, looked in good humor. The only other outstanding members of the tribe were the two white Gnolls. A little girl riding in the center of an odd formation of Gnolls on a wagon next to an older male Gnoll, scratching at his neck uneasily now and then.
And the entire time, the people looked at Niers or the strange circumstances in which they found themselves, amazed. Amazed that he was so calm.
As if he hadn’t been here before. As if the stories of him didn’t tell you that. The Antinium? These Goblins? Never. But Niers remembered the first time it had gone like this.
Slightly miffed, riding along while laughing Lizardfolk [Hydra Riders] dared him to see if he could walk on the practically microscopic lily pads and scum floating in the marshes and Foliana tried eating dragonflies.
Spoilers: he could not, and dragonflies could be poisonous. Then two children came running up.
“Lord Astoragon! Lord Astoragon, I think it’s working! How do I look? Have I changed my class?”
“I—I think I’m getting the hang of it too. Should I keep going, sir? Lord Niers?”
The [Grandmaster Strategist] looked over at the children. Slightly bigger children, but the two City Runners were still young.
Garia Strongheart was sweating and grinning. Fals was just sweating. Niers cheerfully raised his quill and spoke.
“No consolidations yet! Keep at it! I told you—I’m not an expert, Garia. But there’s a reason you practice tricks. Give it another thousand and see where you get.”
Garia nodded, rubbing her hands. But she obediently trotted back to the slightly-amused group of [Shamans], Gnolls armed with rechargeable wands of [Light Arrow], and children. She braced herself, took a breath—and they began to throw mud, fire off arrows, and cast other spells.
She did not dodge. That was another type of training. Instead, Garia did her darndest to deflect each missile coming her way with only her hands, twisting her torso or leaning slightly to the right or left.
Close-quarters deflection and training. Keep it up, and she might learn a Skill.
Of course, the net result was that Garia was soon covered in mud and bruises, but she had the kind of personality that suited her class. Like a [Farmer]’s daughter…she didn’t go insane from repeating her training.
Fals, on the other hand, looked maudlin as Niers told him to do another lap of the army. It might have had something to do with the literal chains and weights tied around his ankles.
“It seems cruel.”
“You mean hilarious.”
Salkis corrected Octavia as the [Alchemist] watched Fals running around the laughing or cheering Gnolls. Niers just shrugged.
“The boy wants to level up and gain a real advanced class. That’s one of the ways to do it.”
Fierre looked at Niers and raised her brows as she adjusted her big hat; she was already beginning to tan despite her layers.
“What if he breaks a leg? It takes like…weeks to heal a broken leg without potions, and you have to be careful of infections if you do use them.”
Niers carefully trimmed his quill with his enchanted sword. Everyone else turned to eye Fierre; she had guessed how long it would take, and she was still off.
