8.65
Page 18
Niers watched as the Gnolls started dying, but he made sure some survived.
He had questions for them.
 
——
 
The Doomslayers of Plain’s Eye knew their task. They had never stopped to wonder if there was another way.
Until the Lizardman asked, and they looked at him with his horrified eyes. But they kept going. With wrath. Wrath and fear for doom.
What they were not prepared for was wrath in return. The Gnolls had all the anger for the nightmares of their people in their hearts.
The Goblin who charged at them with that crystal sword of blood exceeded that. His eyes flashed with red light, as if it were made manifest. When the Antinium with the feather tucked behind his top hat rose, he didn’t hesitate and put an arrow through the first skull.
They had found their quarry. The Doomslayers looked up, and some saw the giant pointing down at them.
Slaughter them. What did the Plain’s Eye hunters see in the mirror? Just Gnolls?
Child-killers?
What the Goblins, Antinium, Humans, Drakes, Gnolls, that fellowship saw were dead people. They tried to make it a reality.
A [Shaman] stood up and threw the first burning arc of lava into the air. The righteous anger of the Doomslayers clashed with the howl of anger from a Goblin—a monster—and, somehow, it lost.
So they fled and fell, or fought and died.
It was almost a relief. A Gnoll warrior whirled with two axes in his paws. He tore around him, slashing down an arc of lava, and an arrow buried itself in his shoulder, but the magic on his fur protected him. He was fighting, lashing out, forcing a red Antinium Soldier to sway back.
Red? He didn’t know what was happening. He was roaring for them to run, but the other warriors and hunters were being cut down before his eyes.
He was fighting his friend. A little Lizardman hit him with his staff, stabbed him with the sharp tip, fleeing. He had tried to stop them. Called them…
Merish raised his axe, and he could have cut Viri in half. He didn’t. He whirled, threw the axe, and the Hobgoblin with the sword parried it out of the air. He was—good. He whirled it, and another Gnoll went down.
“Retreat! Retreat to the walls!”
Merish was howling. The other Plain’s Eye Doomslayers were running. They didn’t know what he meant, but they understood.
It was over. Merish, though—he saw the Hobgoblin with the sword advancing, blood running along the blade, and the crimson Antinium—more coming. Goblins riding spiders, arrows raining down. So he roared.
“5th Wall stands! It stands—”
The little Lizardman looked back once as the Gnoll spun, lashing out around him. Another arrow buried itself in Merish’s arm, deliberately missing his vital spots. A Goblin [Sniper] calmly shot his other arm.
The Gnoll kept shouting as the Hobgoblin slowed. A voice was telling him not to kill Merish. He wavered.
He very much wanted to. Merish turned.
“Merish! Run!”
Nearly forty of Plain’s Eye hunters were whittled down in a moment. They were still shouting at him, but the Gnoll was looking around. Where were they? Cirille? Where were Paxhal’s warriors? Where was—
Here he died. Some part of him knew it and was relieved. It had just been delayed. The Hobgoblin with that blade stepped forwards, eyes glowing, until the Lizardman leapt forwards. His staff met the sword and caught the first slash. Viri stumbled as the blade cut through his staff.
“Merish, run! Run!”
He landed on the peg-leg, and his staff met the [Bard]’s sword in a flurry of blows that hacked away at his weapon.
Merish heard the voice, amid the dream of Demons. He looked up and saw Viri shouting at him. He turned, blinking.
