8.65
Page 17
Damn! The Titan had gotten three groups at speed; his Skills were as fast as him looking at them and focusing. Two more Gnolls had a bead on their target.
They loosed a volley of arrows each, and the crossfire homed in on their target.
The two white Gnolls.
The little Gnoll girl looked up, uncomprehending. She had barely heard the Titan’s shout, but the older Gnoll tried to cover her. So slow. Neither one was a warrior.
Neither one was a Doombringer. Ulvama’s paint had coated their fur white, and even that had taken some convincing. Niers rolled to his feet just in time to see sixteen arrows, three glowing with enchantments, two more with Skills, home in on them. He looked at the Gnolls—
And grinned as the Gnolls around them snapped up their shields.
A ring of shields rose, and a curious, patterned barrier flickered into life in the air. The arrows snapped or exploded against the combined shield-Skill as the Gnoll [Shieldguard], [Shielded Warriors], and even [Missileward Lineholder] blocked the ambush volleys.
It wasn’t his Skill. But it was his formation. The curious group of Gnolls had been marching in a strange circle-pattern around the two fake Doombringers, which they had kept day and night. They’d kept their shields mostly hidden, but even if the ambushers had seen them—they were just shields. Unless you could fly or toss them up, it wasn’t going to stop arrows unless you were right next to them. Right?
And that’s why you attacked. Howls of alarm and dismay were sounding around Niers as he got to his feet and shouted.
[Commanding Voice].
“Guard the Doombringers! Hold your [Cascade Shield] and don’t move for anything, or I’ll gut all of you! Numbtongue! Gna—kill those bastards. Leave me four and that one. [Mark Target]!”
He whirled and a Gnoll jerked as he lit up. The same Gnoll who was wrestling with a little Lizardman, beating him ineffectually with a staff.
“A Lizardman? Here on Izril? Keep that one alive too!”
Niers whirled and saw the first figure go storming across the ground. Numbtongue, his Dragonblood crystal sword drawn. He was clinging to Salkis’ saddle as she charged, knives out.
She didn’t try Niers’ Skill, but Gna, the Antinium, and the rest of the Fellowship of the Inn were charging too. As well as the Lomost tribe’s warriors. Ah. That was a mistake.
“[Hear Me]! Fall back! Gna—[Speed Raid]! [Rapid Advance]! You lot—get those Gnolls! [Assault Formation]! Archers—those Gnolls! Loose!”
It was a mess of orders from the Titan, but his Skills meant that each group heard him as he intended.
Gnoll [Warriors] slowed in confusion as the elite Doomslayers tried to break for it. Meanwhile, Numbtongue’s group sped up and hit the first Gnoll group.
A second group of Goblins looked up at Niers’ voice and charged with whooping cries at the Gnolls nearest them. Archers loosed on a third group, and Niers turned to personally command a group of Gnolls closing with the Doomslayers he thought they could take.
Simple reasoning, for a [Strategist]. The ordinary [Warriors] would get diced up by what looked like elite [Shamanic Warriors] with enchanted weapons. However, Hobs and enough numbers and his Skills and command would win fights.
No one was going to die except them. Niers Astoragon grinned as the Plain’s Eye hunters tried to run.
“Killing children? Even on Baleros we don’t do that.”
He could have captured them all. One of his Skills was [I Left the Carrion None of Their Due]. A skill for someone who was sick of bloodshed and death and didn’t want to slaughter a foe.
He could always use that Skill.
