8.65
Page 34
Niers? He glanced at Numbtongue’s expression with raised brows.
“Bold claim for you to make. I didn’t see you exactly wiping them out.”
Venaz shifted. He gave Numbtongue a grudging look, and Badarrow the same.
“They’re…more proficient than I expected. Almost as good as a regular warrior of Minos, Professor. So I underestimated them. I recant that, but not my comments about Goblins in general.”
“You think you know good Goblins? Hold still. I’ll cast [Lava Orb].”
Ulvama glared. Her claws glowed dangerously, but Niers waved her down.
“Venaz isn’t wrong. Listen, Venaz. I’m losing my temper, and you’re being obstinate. Before I shoot you, explain your comments. I know what you mean, but the rest of the world doesn’t actually follow the House of Minos’ every move with fascination. They have no idea about the Island of Goblins.”
Numbtongue’s ears perked up. Reiss, Pyrite, Shaik—even Snapjaw and Ulvama—all turned with a sudden, true interest. Venaz hesitated.
“Surely…?”
He looked around. Wil, Peki, Merrik—some of his fellow students were frowning but with faint recognition. Berr raised his paw.
“I know what he means, yes? But I’m old.”
Niers raised his brows. Venaz looked the most shocked since the entire conversation began.
“But they’re—no one? There is a reason Minotaurs, wherever they travel, will sometimes take on contracts to battle Goblins for no cost. We’ve fought them since the House of Minos was incepted! No one remembers?”
He looked outraged. Niers sighed.
“Leaders of nations are aware, and people who travel the sea. Venaz, the truth is that Minos is quite adept at keeping them contained, if not eliminating them so no one worries. Unlike Rhir, who attracts our attention by virtue of being in danger of losing their war rather constantly. Explain.”
“Yes. Explain. You’re not that good, Minotaur. I know one more dangerous.”
Venaz turned and peered at Numbtongue for the first time like a person, rather than an intelligent monster. He hesitated.
“Who would that be?”
Numbtongue shut his mouth. Niers looked amused, and Venaz ground his teeth.
“Your name is Numbtongue. I can hear. You’re not the most dangerous Goblin I’ve ever seen either. Not by far.”
The [Bard]’s eyes narrowed.
“I know I’m not. I know a Minotaur called Calruz of Hammerad. Strong Minotaur. Honorable…sort of.”
The [Strategist] of the House of Minos blinked.
“Calruz of—is he consorting with Goblins as well as dishonoring all of us?”
Numbtongue snorted. Niers’ finger twitched on his crossbow’s trigger.
“Venaz…”
“Professor! He surely knows—alright. Alright!”
Venaz took a deep breath. He looked around the room at Shaik, her bodyguards, the other Hobs, and eyed the Cave Goblins. He pointed at Rasktooth.
“Huh. A species variant. Unusual.”
Rasktooth pointed at his chest with a thumb claw then at Venaz.
“Me unusual? You unusual!”
The other Goblins went oooh and backslapped him. Venaz peered past Rasktooth at Gothica with a huge frown.
“Odd class.”
“Stick sword up bum.”
Gothica made an expressive gesture with both claws. Fierre patted her on the shoulder with approval. The Goblins didn’t lack for sass, but Venaz didn’t seem surprised they could talk or had classes, like Wil was. He was on a different level of surprise. He knew Goblins.
