8.65
Page 1
It could even go onto land—for a while—thanks to its [Captain]’s Skills. State of the art. Which meant it had probably been made in antiquity.
“What a strange world.”
Elena looked up, and someone heard her.
“You have more of a right to say that than anyone else, for you have known two. But if it is only because you compare it to yours, those who travel worlds will surely laugh at you.”
Elena jumped. She looked left and saw a slightly pointed nose. Someone who even looked vaguely like her—aside from the darker skin. The faintly yellow eyes. Oh—and the fact that the girl looked like she was only eight.
And eight thousand.
“Um. Excuse me?”
The Quarass of Germina had changed clothing. Instead of the demure [Lady]’s garb with frills and fashion imported from Terandria, she had a much more relaxed kind of toga. A bit more complex, but Elena felt like someone was pranking her.
Or maybe that was just what she saw, because this was one of Germina’s traditional styles of dress. But it was also…well, her people’s, again in antiquity.
The girl looked at Elena, and when she spoke, it was disconcertingly off. Just like her eyes; her voice had a cadence and deliberate quality to it. Elena had always thought children sounded like children because their voices were just ‘younger’, whatever that meant.
However, she now knew it was because they tended towards certain patterns of speech. Tripping over themselves, eager, struggling with expression, and wandering. The Quarass, like someone far older, knew what she was going to say and took her time enunciating each word.
“Your world. I have seen pictures of it. I have never been there, but I have heard it described. It seems outlandish to me. Positively unreal. You express the same sentiments of mine. I have heard it being described as a ‘game’, or ‘fantasy’ by one thoughtless girl. I would call yours a bad joke if I were equally rude. Yet we understand that we are comparing two different worlds.”
“Um. Uh…yes? Emirea…no, that’s not your name, is it?”
Elena was still taken aback, as most people were when they met the Quarass. But she knew this was not the shy girl that hung out with Troy, so she rallied magnificently fast. The Quarass watched the [Beautician] take a breath.
“You’re…the Quarass of Germina. A Shield Kingdom of Chandrar.”
“Well done.”
The Quarass nodded. She watched Elena approvingly; she wasn’t panicking or shouting or in disbelief. Rasea Zecrew had rescued her, and the [Pirate Captain] always stole the most valuable things. Elena’s features wrinkled, and the Quarass noted that she’d dyed her hair. Platinum mint green perhaps, if it was a dye Earth had. Not bad, and not a Skill either. Maybe the dye was, but she’d made it herself.
Very good. Someone who understood mixtures and the basis of alchemy.
“…Are you saying that neither your world nor mine is normal?”
The Quarass smiled.
“No. One might be archetypal. But who could tell? Only someone who has walked enough worlds to see a pattern. Now, I wonder if humanity is that common link. But we only have two examples, so it is a poor guess. It might be Garuda or some other species. Do you understand what I mean? We look at things as if our experiences are indicative of all, but we only see two marbles in a bag of holding full of them.”
She wondered if Elena would get the example, but the young woman’s eyes lit up.
“Oh. Our sample size, you mean? We could be outliers—we have no idea how large the data set is.”
The Quarass’ ears perked up.
