8.65
Page 22
“What is this about? I thought you lot were to the east.”
For a moment it seemed like the battle was continuing long enough to fool the fighters. It was a good lesson.
 
——
 
Merrik swung his hammer into a patch of shade surrounding the angry Goblin with the parasol, and felt like he was trying to hit her through water.
Since he could swing a hammer underwater, it sent her reeling back. He felt another punch to the back of the head and whirled. The Crimson Soldier backed up and watched Merrik with an unnerving—the Dwarf whirled his hammer around.
“You—pests—”
The same with Wil. One shouted.
“[Swift Slash]!”
While the other two held off his opponents so he could score a wound against a cursing Normen. Three of the same [Lord], working in unity.
They fought, back-to-back-to-back, using their Skills and the enchanted blades to hold off their opponents. Wil was proficient with a sword—
Venaz knew how to use his greatsword, and he was winning. Two Hobgoblins were flanking him, and the Minotaur blurred from one to the other, riposting one’s slash, and cutting deep across the other’s arm with his swing back.
The two Redfangs were losing. It was an unfamiliar experience, even with the artifact speeding him up. The Minotaur was grinning, eyes red with battle fever. Peki put Garia into an arm-lock and gave her a knee-strike straight to her chin.
The Fellowship was losing? Bird and Ulvama watched. The [Shaman]’s arms were folded, and Bird was inching a hand towards his bow.
“Ah.”
The Titan of Baleros pointed at him. Bird frowned at Niers, his mandibles clicking together.
“What is the point of this?”
“Watch.”
 
——
 
Badarrow and Numbtongue were losing. It was life-or-death, but the thing the Hobgoblins felt most in that moment?
The Minotaur had the biggest smile on his face. Eyes red with battle-rage, and he moved from cut to parry with ease, watching both sides.
That was not a [Blademaster]’s form, but a warrior’s. A [Fencer] could die protesting you weren’t allowed to attack from more than one side. This Minotaur expected it.
Badarrow tried to kick dirt in his face, and Numbtongue charged in low. Badarrow nearly got impaled, and Numbtongue ate a [Swift Kick]. The [Bard] rolled back.
“My turn.”
Reiss was watching. So was Pyrite, but he didn’t volunteer. The thing was—Numbtongue looked at Badarrow and saw the exact same expression on his brother’s face.
Which was…embarrassment. They were losing? The two Hobs braced themselves as Venaz lifted his other hand up.
“[Break Their Morale]!”
An intimidation Skill. Both Hobs felt it wash over them. Badarrow scuffed at the ground. If Garen could see this…Venaz turned, eyes glowing, and both Hobs ran away. He blinked at their backs.
“Damned Goblins—”
He was surprised by their flight. But then Venaz saw a shape flicker behind him, and his internal battle sense told him to turn. He whirled, the diamond greatsword raised and…stopped.
“What?”
That was the only thing the Minotaur said. He looked across the somehow less chaotic battlefield at a figure who halted, four arms half-raised, curled into fists. An Antinium, who Venaz had longed to fight.
But this was no ordinary Antinium. Venaz could tell in a moment. For one thing…
The Crimson Soldier was red. For another?
The [War Strategist] locked eyes with the [Exemplar Warrior]. Was it the [Aura of Battle] he felt or something else? Venaz was a Minotaur of the House of Minos. He had fought, before going to Baleros, with veterans of their famous army.
