8.65
Page 2
“Interesting. You understand my example. Your world seems to understand such concepts better than mine. At least, without the Skills to comprehend it. Skills have weighed down our advancement. I see that now.”
Elena looked at the Quarass, startled, and ducked her head.
“I’m hardly a good student. I’m sure someone else could tell you even more. I dropped out of high school to work. I just took a few math classes.”
“Ah. So poverty strikes your world as hard as mine? Trey and Teres mentioned it, but they were not destitute.”
“Teres?”
“Trey Atwood’s sister.”
“Trey—so that’s his name. Troy Atlas? Trey Atwood. Oh, come on.”
Elena groaned. She looked over at the young man who was sitting, letting a little Lifesand Golem try to drag her shortsword as she climbed into his lap. She had trouble because she’d lost so much of her body-sand mass.
The Quarass lifted a hand.
“Do you bear a grudge?”
“Of course I do. But that makes…sense. I always wondered why Trey seemed a bit aloof. I put it down to him having seen combat. But—that camera. The King of Destruction. It all makes sense. Do you know…what he saw? At A’ctelios Salash?”
The Quarass nodded.
“I was there. I also know of the promise the King of Destruction made with him.”
“Promise?”
“To wipe that place from existence. To scour one of the four remaining Shield Kingdoms of Chandrar to earth…which I am pledged to support and defend until my bitter end.”
The ruler of Germina paused, and Elena eyed her. However, the girl just produced something and offered it to Elena.
“Enough. That is a conversation for later. A great moment has occurred. Will you speak with me, Elena? What is your last name?”
“Othonos. Elena Othonos…Your Majesty?”
“You may refer to me as the Quarass or ‘Quarass’. I have no true name.”
“You don’t? Excuse me—what are you? I don’t know much, but I heard people talking about you when the King of Destruction…cut off your head?”
The Quarass saw Elena look uneasily at her. She smiled, and the young woman wondered if the Quarass were like a Hydra, or if she reincarnated, or if she just flitted from body to body.
She was close, but the Quarass shrugged.
“I shall explain, briefly. And you shall tell me of your world. I have no name because each new person, young, old, man, woman, any species who becomes Quarass, becomes one of the countless number who have worn my class and duties. The girl who I was was young, poor, and grew up on the streets of Ger. Perhaps you understand that.”
Elena had worked because she had to, rather than continuing to stay in school. In, appropriately, a beauty parlor. Then she’d gotten herself through university. By herself.
There was a connection there, so she leaned against a railing as the Quarass spoke. Every now and then, her eyes would go up to the night sky and Amerys—or look at Trey.
 
——
 
Betrayer.
People were dead because of what he’d done. The largest name among the casualties was Archmage Nailihuaile. Also damaged—although not people—were Gazi Pathseeker’s armor and Dawil’s axe.
Wistram’s reputation, their monopoly over Earthers, his friendships and relationships with people he had liked, like Eldavin…
Trey regretted the dead. He felt guilty—and guiltier still because he didn’t know who had died, and the few he did know, like Nailihuaile and Timor, the [Lord] he’d stabbed…didn’t bother him as much as they should.
He’d killed someone, and it didn’t bother him enough. He would be struck like by a hammer if it turned out Sidney had died, or someone he found innocent. But a cold little part of Trey thought that the world was better off without Timor.
