8.65
Page 33
“I want them, too, obviously. And if Weatherfur joins us—I’ll take any ally running, Wil, but we have a multiple-objective scenario. Halt the Doombringer killings. Uncover whatever plot that is, which might just take us into conflict with the largest Gnoll tribe in existence. Get me to a port—but only after we halt the Drakes trying to wipe out every Gnoll tribe and put our finger on the scales of this war. Lastly? Learn as much as we can and level up.”
He looked meaningfully at the Antinium and Goblins. The students stood there, daunted by his objectives. Yet Niers was looking at each of them.
“You’re all [Officers] and [Strategists]. I could have six of my best students helping me—and you’re all old enough and experienced. Plus, you have three Relics from Khelt no less. I won’t beat around the bush; you found me. Congratulations. You can claim whatever Perorn or Foliana offered you, or sell the information to my enemies, and I’ll see you in the academy for the fall semester. Or—you can accept immediate commissions to battlefield officers in the Forgotten Wing Company. Paid positions, and I will tell you I’m paying double-rates, and you can use me as a reference or enlist once this is over. You’ll level or die, but I could use your help.”
What a strange offer. Yet Niers was their Erin, and Numbtongue realized—they were Niers’ Goblins. That was how he rationalized the moment, because the way they reacted couldn’t make sense to him otherwise.
Merrik just laughed and rubbed at his hair. Peki was nodding instantly, and Wil hesitated, looking around before giving Niers a slight nod.
“If we can ask questions, I could see that, Professor.”
It was only that stupid Minotaur who obstinately folded his arms. His glare was boring a hole in Numbtongue’s head, so the [Bard] glared back.
“Professor. The Goblins.”
“Bird. Hand me my crossbow.”
Niers began to aim it at Venaz’s chest, but the Minotaur raised his voice.
“Professor! I am not being merely bigoted or intolerant of other species! I see the Antinium and Goblins here and both are exceptionally dangerous species who have attempted to or wiped out nations! I am a son of the House of Minos, and we fight Goblins!”
At this, Numbtongue couldn’t hold his tongue any more. The [Bard] rolled his eyes.
“Hah. Everyone fights Goblins. Big deal.”
Venaz turned, snorting, to glare at him, as the Goblins all laughed. However, two Goblins didn’t immediately laugh. Shaik gave Venaz a long stare, and, sitting quietly and trying to pick up some of the snacks…Pyrite’s ghost glanced up.
Careful. You might be wrong.
Numbtongue and Shaik looked at Pyrite, as the ghost of the Goldstone Chieftain glanced at Venaz. The Minotaur [Strategist] looked at Numbtongue and then away.
“I don’t answer to you, Goblin.”
“You challenged Numbtongue—that’s his name, by the way, Venaz—and Badarrow to a fight. I was already going to upbraid you for your fistfight, Venaz. Do I have to do it twice?”
“I noticed this wasn’t a true battle, Professor. I respect whomever that red Antinium is. Are you going to tell me I wasn’t right to engage a warrior with a magic blade at the onset of the battle, knowing how dangerous they could be?”
Niers blew out his cheeks, visibly annoyed.
“So taking on two Hobs by yourself isn’t bravado, Diamond Sword of Serept or not?”
“I had confidence I could win. They’re only Hobs, and the Goblins on Izril are known to be inferior to the ones Minos faces. But I object to working with either.”
Every Goblin in the room stopped chortling at Venaz’s expense. Slowly, the three Redfang’s eyes narrowed.
