8.65
Page 4
She gave him a quizzical look until she realized that the two had a radius—even with admirers like Rasea Zecrew herself. Gazi had that two-month-armor smell, and Trey was doing his best to be polite…but even Goelv had retreated from his idol, trying to cover his nose-holes.
“Ah. Pass me that soap. I was in my armor.”
“Right. I know.”
“I couldn’t remove it.”
“No, I know that—”
“I keep clean regularly. Every day that we’re not on campaign. My armor as well.”
The Gazer insisted. Trey nodded as he passed her a bar of soap. The Gazer kept trying to explain what didn’t need explaining.
That was when Amerys moved. She stopped hovering in the air and flitted across the sky. Trey looked up, as did Elena, and one of the Earthers pointed up.
“Superwoman.”
It was just a comment. Because that was what it looked like. They had seen Eldavin’s armor, which evoked another type of hero…but this was more primal than even seeing someone flying in magic armor.
This was just…Amerys. Arms spread, flying down, whipping across the sea and waves, turning, as if it were the easiest thing in the world, and flying down to the decks with a spray of water.
Even Trey, who didn’t like heights, felt an instinctive urge to do the same. Magic. Superpowers. If there was anything left to wonder at—
It was that.
Of course, instantly, someone had to ruin it.
“Superwoman doesn’t exist. It’s Supergirl.”
“She’s not a girl, idiot.”
“Well, then, Wonder Woman.”
“Wonder Woman has an invisible plane.”
“That’s even dumber. She can fly!”
“Only in the latest movies. Canonically—”
The best of them and the worst of them. Trey looked for the comic book expert as Amerys laughed. She came striding along the decks for three steps, then fell flat on her face.
It was a slow collapse. She lay on the ground as everyone stared at her and tried to inchworm forward. Then she floated up a bit and floated over, turning onto her side.
“My legs don’t work. Trey, Gazi—you stink.”
“Stop telling me that.”
The Gazer was already lathering up. Amerys chuckled, and Trey got a better sense of her now that she wasn’t a prisoner speaking to a possible enemy or conspirator. She was, well…casual.
On the meter of the Seven plus Orthenon, with Orthenon and Takhatres falling on the ‘prickly’ side with Gazi as perhaps more of a scary medium, Amerys was on the Mars and Flos side.
Unless you’d seen her fighting. That was a good way of describing it. Now that all had passed, she was like a stormcloud that had vented all its static. Relaxed…until the time came again to get intense.
She floated past Trey then came to a halt, slightly off the ground between the two. Her slightly glowing, electric eyes fixed on the two.
Trey and Gazi. And the Quarass and Rasea.
“I missed what it was like to fly. I almost broke down crying so many times in front of them—but that my captors were watching me every moment was why I didn’t. You know, they offered me freedom. I just had to sign in blood and great magic not to aid him.”
Gazi looked up.
“You held out well.”
Amerys smiled, a weary, relieved smile, and met Gazi’s central eye.
“One year. I said—one year. One year, and I’d break. I didn’t know if he’d make it there before now. He can get swept up in his wars. Trey Atwood, isn’t it? Not Troy Atlas.”
“Yes, Amerys…”
Trey tried to get up, but the Archmage lifted a hand.
“Rest. I owe you my freedom, Trey. You, Calac Crusland, you, Gazi, but we are bound by service and blood. The Quarass, too. I count my debts. Where is Calac Crusland?”
“Resting. The Quarass slipped something into his drink. He can mourn tomorrow.”
