8.65
Page 28
Bird, Ulvama, and, naturally, Apista, had all been forced to stay on the sidelines because of their sheer unadulterated killing prowess. The bee hadn’t been mentioned by name, but she knew she was too good for that fight.
As for the students? Well, all of them had still been outnumbered, but the ones who looked truly shamefaced were Wil and Peki. Venaz kept staring at The Crimson Soldier as the Antinium stood, the silent victor surrounded by awed Workers and Soldiers.
“Alright. Who here thinks they did the worst? Class? Let me give you a hint: it’s not who you expect! We’re excluding Venaz for the sheer idiocy of putting away a Relic-class sword to fist-fight an Antinium.”
His students looked at the beaming Professor, rubbing his hands together, strolling about on a little pedestal of wood. Talking as if they were back in class. Wil kept pinching himself just in case this was actually an illusion.
He was a terrible little man. His eyes twinkled, and his greying hair was less well-combed than usual; he hadn’t his flamboyant dress, more like something cobbled together as best as the [Sewer] in the Lomost tribe could do on short notice, and he looked thinner than last they had seen him.
But it was certainly Niers Astoragon, the Titan. A half-foot tall man who dominated every room when he wanted to be known, with a presence a hundred times his height. A twinkle of pure mischief in his faintly violet eyes.
“No one? Alright, let’s start with Peki, who did magnificently, taking down the lone aerial threat, sniping the [Archer]—and then giving way to [Martial Artist] pride and fighting two young women hand-to-hand when she should have been maneuvering around the battlefield. And then losing. Second place—again, we’re exempting Venaz—is Wil, who fancied himself a Gold-rank adventurer and put his real body at risk rather than sending his two copies up as expendables. Third?”
“Professor!”
Wil shouted. The Titan stopped and turned to Wil.
“Yes, Wil?”
“Is that you, Professor? How are you here?”
Merrik was rubbing healing potion on the bug bites, and he was covered in filth. Venaz had cracked his ribs and taken other wounds, but he was ignoring them and just staring around. Peki was rubbing her own arm and ribs, and was tilting her head back and forth. Wil felt—dumbfounded, which he had associated with Niers long ago.
But even so! This was something else. Niers beamed at him.
“It’s a long story, Wil. Let’s just say we both found our adventures, eh? Now…unless we’ve gotten those bastards who tried to kill the ‘Doombringers’, which I doubt, I’m afraid, we have only a few prisoners to interrogate and a lot of catching up to do. Students! Fall in.”
And they did. It was so instinctual that the students found themselves following Niers as Touma the Great carefully lifted the pedestal and brought him over to the prisoners.
The Hekitr tribe was clearly amazed, but the students had been trained to adapt to new events. Honored Berr seemed the most calm out of his company, who were watching the Goblins with visible distrust, but the Fellowship of the Inn were also fairly adaptive.
Some of them. Numbtongue was still peering at Peki, and he realized they were the [Strategists] he’d seen at sea! His jaw dropped.
“This is insane. Goblins? I can understand the Professor appearing with a Gnoll army and a high-level group of fighters. That’s just expected. But Goblins?”
Venaz stomped after Niers. Merrik raised his brows.
“What about Antinium?”
“Pah. He was near Liscor. He must have picked them up. Obvious.”
