8.65
Page 12
What was interesting was that the clippings and flowers didn’t look like they were dying. Even days after being picked.
In the same vein, Infinitypear and Rasktooth were a duo, and the Cave Goblin and [Adventurer] Antinium even slept next to each other, though one slept sitting up and the other rolled into a blanket with a dagger in one claw as he snoozed.
Perhaps the most notable change, though, was Pivr and Xeu. The solitary Prognugators, aloof and unhelpful when they did speak, were different.
Pivr most of all. He scuttled next to the two Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings, talking, as one of them, Normen, usually, would tip his hat and dispense sage advice.
Or what Pivr took as sage advice. Alcaz and Normen, the two Brothers who had volunteered to be the last men to carry their perceived dues to Erin—they didn’t look like men walking to their deaths anymore.
As for Xeu, she was still hard to spot. But she followed someone around who belonged to a group of his own.
Soldiers and warriors. Even Salkis would head over and talk with some respect, and she was the person who had opened up least. A few Soldiers and the Redfang Hob, Dirtmouth, were included in this group—as well as Captain Gna.
The heart of it was The Crimson Soldier, for whom Xeu had developed something of an obsession. She would quietly follow him, moving left and right, always watching with interest.
Perhaps because…he always knew where she was. The Crimson Soldier could see or sense Xeu, or his instincts were just honed from literal years of war. It even commanded Gna’s respect. Niers thought the [Goblinfriend Bug-Captain]—what a class—was beginning to develop the abilities of officers of her rank.
A sense for the experience, aptitude, or simply career of a [Soldier]. Niers, of course, had known The Crimson Soldier was no ordinary Antinium from the start.
However, now The Crimson Soldier—and you had to use the ‘The’, just like Touma the Great was an entire name—showed it. He was a crimson red, obviously, like blood or a thousand sunsets he had never seen. The blood of other species, mind you. His was green.
If Gna entered into the weird, exceptionally rare line of classes like [Swarm Lord], he was going to laugh until he threw up.
Mind you, that’s what Niers wanted to see. There were classes or variations or just tricks on display with this group he had never seen.
Ulvama, by contrast, the [Shaman of the Old Ways], was as boring as you got. Her memories were an interesting trick, but that was bog-standard Goblin. For anyone who knew Goblin classes.
Numbtongue’s lightning song and his guitar? More interesting.
Fierre the Vampire and Gothica the [Goth]? A class that had never existed as far as Niers knew until recently, yet was not green?
Fascinating beyond belief. Niers wanted to stay here and just see what happened to this chaotic lot. What class would Badarrow get when he advanced past [Mountainrange Sniper]? Niers wanted to know, and he would bet the answer would surprise him.
But he had a job to do. And the friends of the inn…the Fellowship of the Inn? No, that sounded stupid. Their growing sense of camaraderie forged in battle wasn’t all that had changed.
They were the center of attention for Gnolls and Goblins marching around them. A tiny group—followed by the Ghostly Hand tribe, and amidst and following Lomost and other Gnolls who’d joined up after their rescue.
