8.65
Page 10
For instance, Grand Magus Eldavin’s dramatic entry into the Ailendamus conflict with the Dawn Concordat seemed to come moments before news that Rasea Zecrew, Gazi Pathseeker, the Quarass of Ger, and the Golems led by Cognita had sacked the Academy of [Mages] and liberated Amerys.
Which was because it had been within four days of the events happening. Which was bad news for Ailendamus, because Tyrion Veltras had made landfall on Terandria two days before Eldavin’s announcement.
Also? Concurrent-ish with the Wistram drama—which was also highly inaccurate, by the way, because it missed a lot of the actual details going on—rumor had the Horns of Hammerad all appearing in the news for one reason or the other, although obviously they were far less important.
Save for the fact that Nerrhavia’s Fallen had moved an entire Grand Army just for one of their number.
Oh—and if you were counting timelines, this was all set against the backdrop of the Meeting of Tribes, which was ongoing, had been ongoing, and was now clashing with Drake armies.
Why did this matter? It didn’t. Not at all.
“And more than you can know. This isn’t random; someone was watching Eldavin for when he left to make their move. The same with Eldavin declaring war on Ailendamus merely two days after House Veltras established a beachhead.”
Niers Astoragon was someone who made timelines. The [Strategist] was plotting out dates and events and swatting at falling debris landing around him. He eventually looked up and cursed.
“Would you stop eating that? Or learn to chew with your mouth closed!”
His audience looked at each other, and all of them checked their snacks of rather crumbly sevi-crumbs. A Gnoll favorite that didn’t have anything to do with meat; it was a sweet flatbread made even more sweet and mixed into a bar with fruits and honey, a delightful snack.
It also meant that crumbs kept falling on Niers, and some were half as large as his head. Bird nibbled his; he was the messiest eater since mandibles did not make crumbly food less messy.
“Tyrion Veltras and Eldavin know each other. Or they’re after something. But what? Neither one’s an idiot from what I’ve observed.”
Numbtongue raised his brows.
“Tyrion Veltras isn’t an idiot?”
Niers snorted and pointed a finger at him.
“I like you, Numbtongue. Keep it up, and you’ll earn your [Sarcasm Bard] class. But let’s be honest. Yes, the man’s like a stubborn stone welded to a bull’s head, but he’s one of the world’s most competent [Battle Lords].”
“My what?”
The Hobgoblin blinked slightly uneasily at Niers. That was the thing about the Fraerling. From anyone else, it was a joke. From Niers?
Well, that was why it was so funny. The Fraerling glanced up and kept writing. It looked less like a series of lines…like a timeline…and more like a strange spiderweb of connected lines.
He saw the lines. No one else did, but they watched.
Rather like an audience watching something odd or marvelous. Like a blue rabbit that did backflips and cast Tier 2 spells, but more interesting.
“Don’t you all have anything better to do? This cannot be interesting.”
The Titan of Baleros looked up after a minute of writing. His audience glanced at each other.
They were riding along on a wagon as the Fraerling occupied a pedestal to let him see and be seen and not be squashed. Not that this was a wagon used for supplies anymore.
A Tribe was on the move. Multiple tribes, in fact. Not just the Lomost Tribe, or the other Gnoll tribes who’d joined them. Day by day, they were increasing in number.
