8.65
Page 9
Stripping Nerrhavia’s Grand Army. [Soldiers] by the thousand were removing their gear, placing it down, filing past the warriors to stand or eat what was given to them. Silk, Cotton…the Hemp-caste looked darkly pleased as the Silk-warriors protested and were offered a choice to strip or be stripped.
They outnumbered Reim’s forces, still. But the fight was out of them. Not just because they had lost their command—but because of them.
Germina’s people. The [Assassins] and warriors of Ger were surrounding a figure, two figures, and cheering them.
“The Quarass lives! The Quarass triumphant!”
“Ger shelters her! She shelters us!”
Khalid, the Quarass’ [Champion], and Vaitsha, her [Highborn], transformed by poison into someone whose very touch was deadly, were surrounded by Germina’s people, who were cheering some great victory the Quarass had apparently won.
No one got near Vaitsha, but Khalid, who had posed as the Quarass, had led them into battle.
A great victory.
It was. Nawal was no military mind, but she saw it. Nerrhavia’s Hordes had brought their best weaponry to Reim. Enchanted weapons, potions, scrolls—even what some of Reim’s warriors were calling a ‘hwacha’, a mighty weapon of war.
Now, all of it was Reim’s, and they had truly captured the armory to forge the King of Destruction’s armies anew.
Will I make blades for him? More blades? Am I needed? Where do I go?
Nawal had no answer. Only the sense of being alive when she felt she should have died.
She wanted to live. That was what the [Smith] realized. She looked around at the bodies littering the ground. The broken walls of the city. Exhausted faces. The [Smith] felt tears running down her bloody cheeks.
She was alive. Nawal sank to her knees.
Alive. Dishonored, class lost, clan gone. She closed her eyes.
“I picked up my hammer and forged the blade of my end. I looked into my heart and saw it reap a hundred lives. I made a blade as rare as Naq-Alrama steel, and I have made the Jewel-Metal of Zeikhal. I have forged the swords that command that highest price in the world.”
She plucked her veil from her face and let the dirty piece of fabric fall.
“It was not enough. I need something more. There has to be something more than that. Than blood and filth. Something more than a sword.”
The [Peerless Magic Smith] had turned into a [Fallen Smith].
Now she was simply a…[Forgiven Magic Smith]. She looked back towards Venith, Reim, and then at the battlefield and what lay beyond it. So many dead bodies.
A sword would only have added to that carnage. A weight in death. That was no legacy. Even Naq-Alrama blades broke.
“All I did was give another weapon to this slaughter. This meaningless…a woman died. A brave woman. Tens of thousands of men and women died in fire and agony for a war, and I forged a blade out of their suffering and death.”
Nawalishifra wiped at her face and stared at the blood and tears there. She raised her head.
“Until I find something better. Until I find a meaning or metal worth putting an edge towards, for strife or something that matters more…I, Nawalishifra of Chandrar, will forge no more blades. There must be something more to my class than this.”
She lowered her head to the ground for a while. Then she rose. To eat and survive. And find a reason why she had lived.
 
[Vow of the Bladeless Smith declared.]
 
Nawal lived. They buried Maresar. And time rolled on, as word spread.
 
——
 
Time was a funny thing. So many things were happening so fast that they overlapped, or seemed to happen all at once.
