8.65
Page 23
What did you see in that battle-worn carapace? Those blank, insectoid eyes? Venaz saw what Niers saw. What the aura began to let other people see.
Ten thousand battlefields. Foes made of metal. Giant monsters in the deep. Bugs and giants. Crawling hordes.
[Assassins]. Traps. Dead Soldiers, dying like flies to a monster who stole their heads.
The Crimson Soldier remained. The Antinium watched Venaz, and the Minotaur’s victorious expression turned to one of wariness. He aimed his sword at the unarmed Antinium and saw The Crimson Soldier do something peculiar.
Veteran of battle. He raised one of his four hands and opened the stumpy digits. Put two together and…beckoned Venaz.
“You have got to be kidding me.”
Venaz breathed. His eyes flickered around and he saw Berr happily pressing a foot down on Salkis’ head as he swatted away Touma the Great’s fists. He hesitated, looked at the imposing foe and the easy way out—
Then he holstered the greatsword on his back.
“Venaz, you idiot!”
Merrik roared, but the Minotaur was already charging in. The Crimson Soldier?
He smiled. Big warriors always did that.
 
——
 
Merrik was fighting an unusually skilled group of warriors. They couldn’t hurt him—but they were shielding each other. The hammer missed a screeching Goblin protected by…some kind of strange aura.
He turned, advancing on an Antinium with a strange symbol on its chest. Fruit? What was going on? Merrik felt like something was off.
Then he nearly tripped. He checked himself, pulling back as a slashing Antinium materialized, and Merrik swore, lifting a shield.
“Silent Antinium!”
Xeu and Pivr scuttled around, and Xeu slashed—but failed to strike through Merrik’s armor. She seemed puzzled as Pivr leapt back.
“Strong skin.”
“Back up! Back up!”
Gna was shouting. The Antinium, Goblins, and lone Gnoll moved back as Merrik saw their formation change. He narrowed his eyes, raised his hammer for a strike. Take out that [Captain]. 
“Sorry—”
Merrik’s charge was fast, unexpected, and had taken down foes in the thick of battle who didn’t think a Dwarf could move that fast.
It also failed because he nearly tripped again. Merrik swore and this time looked down. What was he—
A little loop of grass clung to one armored boot. He stared down at it.
“Oh, great.”
Grass Shell was waving his staff and dancing about behind the others. It was working! It was working!
[Grow Grass]! A spell with absolutely zero utility…unless you had seen either Eldavin or Mrsha use it. He tried to shake his behind and waved all four arms around like he was at some kind of rave.
Ulvama stared at him. Was that Antinium copying her? She was highly offended. Merrik changed targets in a moment. But then he heard a Goblin whisper and saw the one dressed all in black with black lipstick and makeup point a claw at him—also painted black.
And the lights went out.
[Aura of Midnight]. Gothica cackled as she figured out a new trick.
“What the—I’m warded! I can’t see! Backup! Peki, Wil!”
The Dwarf swung around blindly as something enveloped him. But it shouldn’t! His helmet was supposed to be protected against hostile spells like this! He didn’t waste time trying to figure it out but tried to retreat—and nearly fell over another loop of grass.
And then someone was stabbing him and his [Body of Stone] deflected the blade—but not the little, biting insects that swarmed over him. Which was just…annoying. Merrik flailed around blindly.
