8.65
Page 29
Peki’s head swung from Merrik to Venaz, and she began nodding as if it were. Wil was still stuck on…well, the bee holding a cigar. He’d noticed it buzzing around, and that was one thing, but he had the distinct impression the bee was actually smoking it.
“My eyes. I think I’m dreaming—or dead. I died on the 5th Wall, and it’s just been a bad dream for the both of us. Is that…the Titan of Swamps and Jungle? The Marsh-parter? The second of the Forgotten Wing Company? Named Adventurer?”
A little figure was lying down—well, sitting—looking haggard and distraught with a few of the Gnolls who’d tried to kill the decoys. He sat up as the Fraerling chuckled.
“Go on, don’t stop with my nicknames. How in the name of Elves did a Lizardman happen to be travelling with a Gnoll kill-squad? Did I hear…Rhir?”
Viri, the Lizardman [Longstick Jumper], Merish’s friend and one of the irregulars from 5th Wall, where he would always be, in part, looked up at the Titan of Baleros with tears in his eyes. He sat up and bowed.
“Lord Astoragon. It’s good to see someone from home. I’m Viri. Viri Taxshirul, from the Stone Gaze company? We were in Rhir. I came here to…to attend the Meeting of Tribes with my friend. My detachment was wiped out, so I was given leave for…am I dreaming?”
Niers Astoragon knelt, looking down at Viri. Someone had trained the little Lizardman; he didn’t blabber like his kin, but gave something of a direct report. The Titan nodded, frowning.
“I know Stone Gaze. Auspicious. Gorgon-led group, or Medusa? 5th Wall? Then you’re the ones who ran into the Death of Magic.”
“You knew about that?”
Viri glanced up, eyes wide. The Titan hadn’t recalled which groups were there, though he remembered the report. It was simple deduction. But he was also the Titan, so he lied.
“I did. Your detachment fought bravely, didn’t they? What was your commander’s name? Forgive me, I’ve forgotten. Gorgon or Medusa?”
“Uxel. He was a Gorgon. But we also had a Commander. Cirille of Manus. She died too. Merish was there. Did he…is he alive?”
Niers shifted to look for Shaik. She shrugged.
“Your Gnoll friend? The one with two axes? I think he got away, thanks to my students’ untimely attack.”
“Good. He’s not a bad Gnoll. But his tribe is crazy.”
Viri relaxed slightly. The other Gnolls from Plain’s Eye were glaring at him, but they dared not speak. They stared at Niers with sheer disbelief, as many people did when they met a Fraerling for the first time.
“They were going to kill a little girl! And that other Gnoll. All because they have white fur. I told them—I told them you could dye your scales in Baleros. What did it matter? But they call them Doombringers. Lord Astoragon, Merish isn’t a bad Gnoll. But he’s going crazy.”
Niers nodded. He looked around and gestured.
“Separate Viri from the others. He’s not to be chained. I want a word with you, Viri, and for you to tell me everything—from Rhir to how you got here. I saw you try to warn us, and I’m taking that on credit. Do you swear by Nagas you had no idea what you were doing and tried to stop your friend and the others once you knew what you were about?”
Viri gulped and raised a claw.
“By the Nagas and Stone Gaze, I do, Lord Titan. I kept trying to talk sense into Merish, but with all the others about telling him he had to kill them…please don’t kill him. Please.”
Niers held his stare for a moment, then nodded. As if he could strike down a Gnoll from afar just by willing it.
“Good. Then we’ll see if we can find out what this is about.”
