8.65
Page 24
One of Infinitypear’s stones bounced off his armor. Rasktooth ducked back as the Fellowship pelted Merrik, and the Dwarf stumbled left and right, swearing a blue streak.
And he wasn’t dead? The Dwarf slowed and looked around. Blind, he caught onto something faster than the others. A familiar…concealed presence.
“Is that you?”
Slowly, with a grin, he dropped his hammer and raised his arms. Gothica threw a rock into his face, and Merrik swore.
“Stop it.”
 
——
 
“Give them a hand.”
Ulvama stood as Peki ducked a punch from Fierre and gave the Vampire girl an uppercut. She cast a single spell.
A cloud of darkness rose as Peki whirled and dodged—but it streamed up, blocking the sunlight. The Garuda eyed Ulvama for a second, but turned.
“Hiyah! [Flash Punch]! [Half-Circle Reposition], [Leaping Fish Combo]—”
Garia came at Peki with a fast punch, stepping right around her, and throwing out a series of punches that mixed an upwards jab into the attack.
Peki shoved the first punch away, twisted, and her claw-hands blocked or deflected each blow. Garia stopped for a second in dismay and Peki’s [Incendiary Fist] lit her hair on fire.
The Garuda saw the Human stumble back, shouting. She was…tough. The other one was quick and strong but even less adept. She frowned around.
“Odd.”
The Antinium with the bow wasn’t shooting at her, and Peki had been holding back every high-level Skill because he made her…nervous. She had a feeling he might be able to hit her.
She glanced at the cloud overhead. It missed. Not that it would have helped; she could fight blind, and she didn’t think the other two fistfighters could. She turned—
That was fast.
And something blurred past her back. Peki turned, and it leapt again. The Garuda threw an elbow backwards and hit Fierre in the face. She thought she heard something crunch—and felt a blow to her back. She flipped through the air—
That hurt! Peki landed, and the Vampire came at her. Overhand, claw slashing, uppercut, bite—
Peki used a Skill.
[Close Counter]! She timed it—then hit Fierre with a knockout punch that sent the Vampire girl reeling right…
Peki was looking for Garia when she saw the girl adjust her head and grin at her. Were those red pupils glowing? Peki frowned.
“Fierre!”
The [Martial Artist] launched herself forwards with a Skill and went for a kick. Peki dodged with ease, but the Vampire leapt—
“[Ground Dance: Taurus of the Desert].”
Peki’s attack was less like a combo of punches and more like a series of flowing moves, so fast Garia’s jaw dropped. And—unfortunately—each punch, kick, and blow was designed to hammer Fierre in the face, chest, stomach, legs, as the Garuda advanced in a savage series of attacks.
The Vampire girl reeled, bloody, dazed—and Peki whirled towards Garia—
And Fierre grabbed her arm.
Peki was astonished. The strange girl had definitely broken six ribs and her jaw. And Peki had torn some muscle, and she thought she’d dislocated that arm! But her grip!
“Got you. I got—whoa!”
Peki lifted her arm, and Fierre slammed into the ground as the Garuda used Fierre like a hammer and the earth like an anvil. Yet she didn’t let go. And Garia—
Peki turned and, one-armed, tried to block Garia’s punch. She felt her arm compress—then her ribs—then she was trying to fly, but that stupid girl was holding on—
Uh oh. Peki looked down just in time to see a girl with glowing red eyes and sharp teeth raise her fist. She and Garia hit Peki at the same time.
 
——
 
