8.65
Page 5
Amerys’ eyes shifted to the girl on deck.
“Ah, as cruel as ever. This one seems inclined to aid us, though?”
She looked at Gazi, and the half-Gazer shrugged.
“She broke you out.”
“And stole the Serkonian Lance. Not entirely altruistic. The Nagas will throw ten kinds of tantrums, and there will be repercussions. No doubt that was why she did it. Well, better a viper in hand than one we don’t see. Just so long as we have an antidote in the other hand.”
Amerys remarked lightly. She sighed.
“No politics. Maresar is dead.”
Gazi stopped washing herself. She looked up, and her slight smile vanished.
“Yes.”
Amerys closed her eyes.
“Poor Venith. I always thought he would die first. Maresar was so clever; she ran from every fight she knew she’d lose. But if it was him or her…so goes the [Bandit Lord of Changing Sands]. One of twelve. Rasea Zecrew! Did you lift a glass?”
She turned suddenly, and a pair of boots stopped as they strode along the deck. Trey saw a pointed grin—and sharp teeth on the Drowned Woman’s anglerfish side. A light shone from Rasea’s eye on that side, and the Human one glittered.
“Of course. I’d never not, though I did it in the moment. One of twelve passes. But we’ll roll out another keg, and I’ll lift the first glass with you if you’ll drink with me.”
“Alcohol. After so long. I’ll drink even your worst—but after that, some proper wine. Just a bit. I haven’t eaten for two thirds of a year! Aside from fingers and Trey’s snacks. Now I’m starting to feel hungry.”
Amerys licked her lips. She turned, floating over, then tried to levitate herself upwards and stand. She drifted forwards, stumbled—then hovered. Trey watched as Amerys figured out how to ‘walk’, like a puppet held up by invisible strings.
There was something graceful and eerie about it. Like the Archmage of Lightning was dancing. Rasea Zecrew watched her and then looked at Gazi.
“Will you join us, Pathseeker?”
“Give me a minute.”
Gazi was washing herself briskly. Rasea Zecrew looked at Trey.
“And you. Do I know you? You’re the lad who broke Amerys out yourself. Do you know me?”
“You’re the [Pirate] who attacked Flos at Medain.”
The [Pirate Captain] laughed and swept off her hat to give him a bow.
“No hard feelings, eh!”
“All the hard feelings.”
Gazi muttered. Rasea eyed her but gave one of her fearless grins.
“You wouldn’t hold it against me on my ship as a guest, would you, Lady Pathseeker? Why, we’d have to duel, then! And I don’t stab my guests…much.”
“Want me to put on my armor and find out?”
Gazi bared her teeth. Some of the [Pirates] oohed, but Amerys lifted a hand as she turned.
“Gazi. Don’t provoke her, Captain Rasea. She’s protective of our [King]. You rescued me, so he might offer you a drink rather than go for his sword.”
Rasea shrugged. She was turning when Amerys remarked.
“Besides, if you and Gazi quarreled, I’d have to sink this ship. And I don’t like incinerating my rescuers.”
Oho. The [Pirates] looked at Amerys in silence as the Archmage turned her head. A little spark flashed from one eye as she winked. Rasea held still—then she burst out laughing and hugged Amerys.
The Archmage…squeaked slightly at the huge hug.
“I love you. Archmage, there’s a place on my vessel for you if you ever quit this King of Destruction business. Hey, open up the best barrel for the three fiercest women on the sea!”
“And what will you have?”
Someone drifted over. Rasea Zecrew turned as the Quarass shanked her from behind. She took the cup meant for Rasea, and the [Pirate Captain] was met with howls of laughter from her crew. She took her hat off ruefully.
