8.65
Page 30
He rose, turned back to his students, and looked at the two Chieftains of Gnoll and Goblin tribes.
“Chieftains, let’s strike camp. I think we have another Gnoll tribe nearby—I’m sensing a mass of Gnolls to the north. Can someone tell them we’re not holding you lot hostage before we have a third ambush? Students? Get healed, meet me in the command space in fifteen minutes. Everyone else? You’re free to attend if you’re important. Who’s the [Mercenary] over there who kicked the stuffing out of everyone?”
“That would be me, Titan of Baleros.”
A small, old Gnoll strode forwards with a huge grin. Niers looked at him as he straightened.
“Whom do I have the honor of addressing?”
The Gnoll [Berserker] grinned wider with appreciation.
“Berr of Wild Wastes. But I must be Berr, to the Titan of Baleros, who is beyond honored in his lands.”
Niers smiled faintly. Ah, yes, it was coming to him, the proper address.
“In that case, I will be just Niers, and I’ll call you Berr—I think that’s appropriate. May I invite you to have something to eat with me? Thank you for keeping my idiotic students safe, and for pulling your punches.”
The [Barbarian] grinned as the other Wild Wastes Gnolls chuckled.
“Only a [Berserker] can tell when it is time for strife and time to avoid breaking teeth or bone. You are well said, Titan. I accept. Do you have good food?”
Niers waved one hand.
“I’ve got Goblins, Honored Berr. I’ve noticed that they tend to collect the stuff.”
 
——
 
“Goblins. Professor, I understand the rest of it. You don’t have to regale us with stories of your escape—though we’re sure to listen and hear it—but why Goblins?”
Half an hour later, with wounds patched and everyone sitting or standing in a broad tent and the Hekitr Chieftain joining Shaik and Orni, Venaz was still protesting the one objectionable detail in this unexpected reunion.
Badarrow rolled his eyes as Snapjaw sniffed and gobbled down pumpkin tarts. She was still put out about being kicked out of the saddle, and a whining Icecube was being fed half a cow after his upsetting run in with Peki.
The Minotaur glanced at the [Sniper] and stared at the other Goblins. Merrik was eying the Antinium, and Peki and Bird kept staring at each other. Neither one had blinked, and it didn’t seem to occur to Peki that Bird was never going to blink since he had no eyelids.
Wil? Wil just focused on Niers, because he was positive the Titan was the center of all this. Niers clicked his tongue impatiently.
“Venaz, you are the most brilliant idiot I’ve had the misfortune to teach.”
“That’s a virtue of my people, Professor.”
“No, it is not. I’ve taught Minotaurs before, and you are the most egotistically stubborn one yet. You had the brilliance to actually take me off-guard, and the stupidity to try and fist-fight the most veteran Antinium Soldier in existence. We are facing an inter-species war across Izril, my company is under attack, and there is a sapient bee who smokes Dreamleaf over there, and you’re focused on Goblins.”
Niers pointed, and everyone looked at Apista, who was huffing a cigar while Rasktooth waited for a turn. Venaz blinked, slightly taken aback. Wil sat up.
“He actually ambushed you, Professor?”
Niers rolled his eyes and raked a hand through his hair.
“Yes, he did. I was focused on the other ambush, and it was commendably fast. Sneaking up out of my radius and then a fast charge in. Well done. Don’t let it get to your head.”
“But we ambushed you? You, professor?”
