8.66
Page 26
That was so simple she didn’t even have to dwell on it. Politics were her blood.
Mrsha was her heart. Lyonette waited for Mivifa to come back. When she did—Lyonette would leave Oteslia. For now, Ferris was guarding Mrsha.
Where was Rafaema going, though? Well, that was simple. And Lyonette suspected that the pink coach, Salamani and Ci, and Mivifa were all headed in the same direction.
“Honestly, we might have just had them all ride together, then. How fast would that carriage go if a Pegasus and Ci were pulling it?”
Lyonette was almost certain they were all headed to Liscor.
 
——
 
Two days ago.
 
“Liscor? You’re certain?”
Lyonette was watching coverage of the Ailendamus war. She looked up as Rafaema and Cire paced about. Well, Rafaema did it because she was nervous. Cire did it to copy her.
“Yes. The Dragon you’re looking for is at Liscor.”
“Are you sure it’s not him? He looks like us.”
Cire pointed at the image of Eldavin. Lyonette chewed on her lip.
“If he is, based purely on eye-color…it’s rare I’ll grant you, but not everyone with mismatched eyes is necessarily a Dragon.”
“True. He could be a dual-elemental [Mage]. His magic, though. And his…why are you certain I should go to Liscor?”
Rafaema turned to Lyonette. The [Princess] turned off the orb so she could focus.
“Because Erin met a Dragon there. She told me, and I never believed her; I thought she met a fire-breathing salamander or something. But there were other…hints.”
Like Klbkch refusing to deny there was a Dragon in the High Passes. Like whispers overheard from Ryoka that mentioned someone. Lyonette said it aloud.
“Teriarch.”
Rafaema and Cire’s heads turned, and they looked at Lyonette. The [Princess] got up.
“Now, that is just a name. Perhaps Grand Magus Eldavin is this Dragon. It is entirely possible, and he seems to be Ryoka’s benefactor. But it would make sense that if he had a base or something, it would be in Liscor, wouldn’t it? When Ryoka visited Eldavin—or Teriarch, if the two are different—she went to the High Passes. Or do you think Grand Magus Eldavin has all his worldly possessions?”
Rafaema chewed on the tips of her claws.
“…He does not. He’s had to beg alchemical ingredients, and he mentions his wealth, though he’s not specific.”
“How do you know that?”
Cire blinked at Rafaema. The Lightning Dragon irritably waved a claw at him.
“I read the reports from our agents in Wistram. And believe me…”
She eyed Lyonette and fell silent. The [Princess] gave Rafaema a happy smile.
“Wistram is hiding something hugely significant? Like…young people with interesting backstories?”
“You know about that too? Well, that’s one thing, but it’s convincing me that you might be right.”
Rafaema crossed her arms. Cire’s head swung from Rafaema to Lyonette.
“Wait, what’s this about?”
Both women snapped at him.
“Classified.”
Cire threw up his claws.
“This isn’t fair! I’m helping! I agreed to Lyonette’s deal.”
Lyonette was unmoved. She nodded at Rafaema.
“Ask her, but it isn’t my secret to give.”
“Then can I go with Rafaema?”
“No. Mivifa would never allow it. How are you going to convince her to give me a ride, anyways? She knows I’m a Dragon.”
Cire smugly rubbed his claws against his shirt.
“I’ll just tell her that I’ll scream, ‘I’m a Dragon’ from the rooftops if she doesn’t. Then, when she comes back, I’ll tell her I swore a death-pact with Lyonette. She has truth spells. Easy.”
Rafaema turned to Lyonette. The [Princess] saw the Dragon gesture to Cire.
Do you see?
