8.66
Page 33
They went. Inkar and Mrsha both watched a clumsy Gnoll walking in pure plate metal, swearing as he went for his horse, who seemed to groan as the animal eyed the extra weight. Was that coincidence?
…No. Mrsha saw Mrell nod to Tkrn and exhaled, slowly, through her nose. The Chieftain was very deliberately not looking at her as everyone watched the Silverfangs go.
However, it was the girl who wearily padded forwards and tugged on Krshia’s leg to get her attention. Mrsha handed her a card, and Krshia frowned at it.
“Are you sure? You don’t have to.”
Mrsha gave her a long look. Then she eyed Mrell, who was watching her, out of the corner of her eyes. Not alone. And certainly not happily, as Krshia approached Mrell and whispered to him, and he looked startled and grateful and began nodding at once.
But alright, you. I see what you’re doing. You get one chance, on top of all the other chances.
Show me something.
 
——
 
All the warriors were leaving. Well, not all, but oh, so many. The Gnolls were not stupid.
They had left many of their own to defend the camps. Powerful spellcasters like Shaman Theikha and, most notably, that giant earth-thing, the mud-swamp monstrosity that towered over the Meeting of Tribes, had not yet moved. It was probably a last-resort. A deterrent against anyone marching against the vulnerable population at large.
However, many warriors from each tribe were leaving or had left, and that meant opportunity.
A feral shadow watched as the little, familiar Gnoll girl slowly approached the bigger Gnoll who had all that strange weaponry. He offered her a hand, and she turned away and took the Human girl’s.
Rose. The other one had hurried off. And that giant, glorious [Paragon] whom all called Gireulashia of Ekhtouch was gone.
Too dangerous by far. Same with the one made of metal. Or the one who held the diamond dagger. Or the one with that strange artifact, the Stargnoll.
However, happily, they were all gone. The watcher had not included Tkrn in the list of threats around Mrsha, nor would she, even with his armor. Even if you canned food, it was still just a matter of opening the can.
Yet Nokha quite understood how dangerous these Gnolls were. Her mind was alight, and it felt as though she had been trapped underground in her head as well as her body.
Our destiny is to eat. I’m hungry. Still hungry.
She wondered, she wanted to know—what all those great Gnolls tasted like. Because now, Nokha was sure. Instinct had told her before that Mrsha was special. More than the other Gnolls. Instinct, her gift of her nature, of the Raskghar, told her that Adetr, Gireulashia, and Mrsha were…
Important. She would gain something from each one.
Nokha had not come this far by being reckless, though. She stepped back into the shadow of one of the tents where she’d been watching from. She didn’t even go out in the open.
Not when her only protection was seeming to be a Gnoll from afar. She wore a…cape of fur. Like any hide of an animal, until you realized what it was. She slipped into the tent and squatted down.
“Food.”
“Much food.”
Another voice agreed. Six Raskghar were in the tent with her. They all wore similar capes. And all of them had eyes full of intelligence by now.
A long journey. With some unexpected surprises. A few of their number had perished; their prey had not been without tricks. But Nokha had learned from each city and encounter, and she had come across Izril. Tracking her quarry.
She would gain much from Mrsha. Less from ordinary Gnolls. She had passed some kind of threshold of diminishing returns.
