8.66
Page 37
Yelroan nodded. His heart was already drumming in his chest, but he looked towards the opening of his tent and cleared his throat. This was it. Or did he say it later? Ah—ah—
“Maybe it’s just as well you failed. Frankly, Merish, it occurs to me we’re not in possession of all the facts. All the data.”
Merish’s head snapped up. He blinked at Yelroan.
“How? I know you’re smart, Yelroan. But Xherw himself—”
“Yes. Yes. I know Doombringers. I’m Plain’s Eye, even if no one thinks a [Mathematician] is traditional. But hear me out, Merish. And, um, keep it between us. But I’ve been thinking.”
Yelroan spoke faster and faster, hoping Merish could keep up with him.
“Listen. We know Doombringers are evil, because the [Shamans] tell us and that’s tradition. But consider how other species see it. What if—perhaps—I am just saying—if the Titan of Baleros is protecting a Doombringer? Other Gnolls? Of course, they could be wrong, but that is a world-renowned [Strategist]! He’s probably in possession of knowledge about Doombringers. Maybe he doesn’t understand, but Viri objected, and you—what if we interrogated the Doombringers rather than kill them? Have we tried that? I’m not saying it’s good the Doomslayers were killed. Tragic. But I’m just—”
Merish’s face was growing more blank with each passing second as he listened to Yelroan. The first few arguments struck him, Yelroan saw. But then…
Merish got angry. He surged up, grabbed Yelroan behind the desk, and dragged him across it, scattering supplies and paper and inkwells.
“Are you mad? You didn’t see what they did to us. We faced doom, and Doom killed us. It’s all their trickery. It’s—”
The terrified [Mathematician] was stuttering. Merish wasn’t punching him, but he was physically lifting Yelroan up. Yelroan was afraid of fights. He knew Merish could beat him like a drum, like he had once thrashed six Gnoll cubs bullying Yelroan in a six-on-one fight.
However, Yelroan thought of Mrsha. That little girl who was so sad and precocious and thought his sunglasses were the coolest thing ever. And Yelroan found that, more than fear, more than sympathy—
He was angry too.
“And maybe you’re wrong! Maybe the [Shamans] and Xherw were wrong too! Did you think of that?”
He threw a fist for the first time in years and punched Merish in the cheek. It hurt. Yelroan. The [Mathematician] threw another punch, and Merish blinked as it glanced off his arm.
It didn’t seem to hurt him, but his face was astonished. He let go, and Yelroan surged up, furious, throwing wild swings.
Merish blocked them with one paw. He swatted down each punch, and Yelroan was panting within twenty seconds of wild punching. But Merish looked like Yelroan had given him a [Giant’s Kick] to the stomach.
He was staring at the panting [Mathematician], backing up as Yelroan came at him when someone cleared his throat.
“I assume this is a personal matter, and I will forget I saw it. Yelroan. Back to work. We need your lists. Warrior Merish?”
Both Gnolls turned, and Yelroan’s blood froze when he saw Shaman Ulcreziek. The Shaman with one eye inherited from the past [Shaman] of Plain’s Eye looked coldly at both Gnolls, and Merish turned and bowed his head.
“Shaman Ulcre!”
How much had he heard? Yelroan was terrified, but the [Shaman] just gave him a long look. Almost…puzzled. Yelroan throwing punches was as odd as seeing Az’muzarre showing humility.
“Come with me, Warrior Merish. Whatever this matter is—you two may work it out later. We are at war. And you are both needed. Chieftain Xherw is fighting on the front, but I will listen to your report, Merish.”
