8.66
Page 16
“…so bitter was the fighting that all sides feared Plain’s Eye and the City of Gems might well violate any truce. So, to mark this great peace and ensure it would last at least a century, the Archmage of Sinful Magics, the Guardian of the Vail—the leader of the Unicorns—and the infamous Witch of Webs all took the greatest gemstones as payment to create a binding pact. They struck it at the zenith of both moons, under moonlight, as a Wall Lady of Salazsar and the Chieftain of Plain’s Eye swore in blood and by magic to…”
What Satar missed in her excitement was that some stories never truly went away.
 
——
 
The Meeting of Tribes was so much smaller, now. So much…less grand. And with that decay, when Gnolls grew petty and weak, some stories repeated themselves.
When rot developed…
The Raskghar emerged. Like maggots breeding in a dying corpse. They were as much a herald as white fur.
One of those old threads was loose and roaming the Meeting of Tribes right now. It had taken a while to arrive, but unlike the others, chained by metal and magic…it was free.
Not that Belavierr particularly cared. She was interested in the same way a [Merchant] kept tabs on who was selling a lot of flax and so on. Only, her clientele were more…varied.
If anyone asked her, she could have told them a number of things. For a price. The Stitch Witch missed the old days.
She could have bought a unicorn horn, bartered for a Djinni, hired an army, and been sipping on tea poured from a Dryad’s gardens in a single day. She had woven a little tapestry just to see whether the Meeting of Tribes had anything of interest to her, but no. Nothing.
“What beautiful magic, Mother.”
Maviola whispered. The undead [Lady]’s eyes flickered with ghostly flames if you looked into the pupils. A burning fire hidden by magic so that she looked simply like a beautiful, if oddly pale young woman following her mother about.
Not exactly like Maviola El had ever been; Belavierr was too canny to risk that. But still…Belavierr’s second daughter had a resemblance to her.
She was chewing on a plate of delicate sarish, and that, at least, had not changed markedly in Drake lands. Belavierr ate, because it was seemly, but she felt that she was failing to blend in.
All the Drakes and Gnolls kept eying the tall Human woman with a hat so wide it threatened people sitting at other tables of the outdoor cafe. Did they not have half-Giants, even the small ones, anymore? Were huge hats out of fashion?
Belavierr hated catching up with the world. Still, she was getting better at it. She had left Az’kerash’s castle…mainly because she still wasn’t sure if he’d violated some dimensional boundary in creating his newest undead. Ambitious projects almost always carried some personal risk.
Belavierr went back to studying the tapestry of shifting threads. Oh, and here came the Drakes. She rolled it back up, much to Maviola’s disappointment.
“It is just magic. You must learn some yourself, though you will weave fire—far more tumultuous, my daughter. Wiskeria never cared for thread either, and you were made to burn.”
“I want to meet Wiskeria.”
“I will allow you to. When you are older.”
Belavierr hadn’t told Wiskeria about Maviola. It was just a mother’s instinct, but she felt as though admitting she had murdered a [Lady] of the House of El and used her corpse to create a second, undead daughter capable of levelling might disturb Wiskeria.
