8.66
Page 13
“Have you not had any Oteslian coffee recently, Chieftain Mneic? I got a shipment of the stuff.”
“What now? Then that means—!”
Mrell left. He walked slowly back to his tent. Earth was one thing. A giant, glorious puzzle, a promised meeting, a learning experience for an entire species. A world apart.
It could be wonderful. If only they had the time to pursue it. However, he feared that even as practical as Chieftain Eitha was, as instrumental as Theikha’s wondrous Skill was…
The Meeting of Tribes was simply coming to an end.
 
——
 
Satar Silverfang had taken her first step into the next stage of her class. She was no longer an [Archival Storyteller] but a [Historian of the World].
A powerful class that was…Gnollish. Like Inkar, the [Worldly Traveller], the class fit the combination Skill. Fit Gnollish history.
 
[Historian of the World Level 25!]
[Skill – Tribe: Full of Ink obtained!]
[Skill – A Missing Passage, Revealed obtained!]
[Bound Spell – Repair obtained!]
 
That last one seemed the most important at first—until Satar realized how valuable all of the Skills were.
A free [Repair] spell? She could cast it once per day! Fix books! However, that was nothing compared to the other two, as it turned out.
“Let me see…that is roughly one half of the ink pot. So we are using less…or maybe we have more? I would guess each pot has roughly four-tenths more ink, but I would need to ask [Mathematician] Yelroan to find out. And I do not want to.”
Cetrule had done a test on the camp’s ink supplies. They just…lasted longer. There was not actually more ink, but when a Silverfang Gnoll wrote, it meant they needed to replenish the precious ink less.
“The cubs will hate you for that, Satar.”
Amused, one of the Honored Gnolls in the Silverfang tribe turned to Satar and winked. Satar jumped.
“Me? W-why?”
“Well, because now we need to train [Scribes]! We make use of tribe-skills, and if we’re more efficient with writing, then we must take advantage, yes? Other tribes will come to us just to save coins! Especially if you keep levelling.”
Or we make a printing press. Satar and Cetrule exchanged significant looks. However, the last Skill was the most powerful.
How did Satar know? Because it had a comma.
No, facetiousness aside, it was a hint. Satar, as a student of the written word, knew that the longer a Skill was, the more powerful it was. There were highly powerful Skills that were short, but she knew you could chain Skills together like a poem.
What did the Skill mean, though? Satar was afraid to ask because it would give away that she had a Skill, but no one had an instruction manual for Skills, and no book she’d ever read describing basic Skills had ever mentioned this one.
She tried to find out as she read Khelt’s anthology. And what Satar realized instantly was this: when they talked about the glorious past and called this the Waning World, the twilight of the Gnolls and all species at large, the old [Shamans] did not lie.
She wrote it down, summarizing the long, long book of Khelta’s glorious past so she could tell her friends. The book was just over thirty thousand pages long; enchanted to be small enough to carry around. It did not just contain Khelta’s long life as ruler of the undead, but her exploits, legacy, the world in which she had lived…
