8.66
Page 22
“They are split up and coming from every angle into the Gnoll Plains. Not one unified army. We could smash any one army so far, but every Walled City has sent a force. Fissival has sent the largest by far. A Wall Lord Dragial is now leading it.”
Someone shouted in outrage.
“That bastard!”
Feshi Weatherfur listened, declining to interrupt as Chieftain Werri of Woven Bladegrass spoke. She, Iraz of Steelfur, and Chieftain Reizet of the Az’muzarre tribe were leading the discussions.
Werri because her people had been doing the scouting. Iraz to balance her and because he was a foremost military leader. And because this was their land and they had famously fought every foe who entered their homeland, Az’muzarre.
Feshi was present as one of the [Strategists], and Yerranola too. Some of the Gnolls gave her distrustful glances, but she was not a Drake. She just happened to be wearing a Drake’s body today.
“We could really use Wil, Merrik, Peki, and Venaz right now. Or the Professor.”
The Selphid whispered to Feshi. She’d been lying down rather than eating, but had risen for this. The poison seemed like it had mostly run its course, but the Selphid looked grim.
That was fair. Everyone was grim.
“First they attack vulnerable tribes. Now, they come after us. Does their treachery know no end?”
Reizet growled. Others agreed, but Feshi privately thought the Professor would have approved in his way. There was no way the Meeting of Tribes would have ended with the Gnolls happy with the Drakes. The cities had struck first.
“Do we have a list of which cities have sent armies? Or their reasons? This is a clearly aggressive act.”
Chieftain Iraz spoke up. Adetr wasn’t present; he was no [Strategist], and each tribe was mustering warriors. This meeting was to decide who went where.
“They are citing our tribes fighting back as excuses for the war. It doesn’t matter why—they’re here.”
Werri snapped. She pointed at the map.
“The point is they’ve split up. They know we can defeat them. My tribe alone can crush armies from any one Drake city outside of a Walled one, so they run the instant we get near. They link up and wait for us. But they’re not idle. They’re using tactics from before the Antinium Wars against us. They’re setting fire to the Gnoll plains.”
A low growl went up from those listening. Feshi growled herself.
“They’re trying to send a wall of fire at us. Wildfire, stoked by magic. We need to put out the fires with our [Shamans]. So we have to tackle them. This is the perfect time for it, with the heat of the summer and autumn detritus. If it were winter, they’d try to conjure blizzards and starve us of food. These are old tactics.”
A [Strategist] from the Wild Wastes tribes was old enough to remember those classes. Werri growled.
“I’ve highlighted the biggest armies. There’s one to the south of combined Drakes. Not all high-level—but over eighty thousand strong. Two more joining from the north, and Zeres has reinforced their lines. Smaller gatherings. Woven Bladegrass is in position to take the south.”
“They will not stand alone, no. My Steelfur Gnolls will split up. We must divide and fight. Which tribes will join our southern assault?”
“Hawkarrow will. But we are fewer. We must divide by specialty. Who goes north?”
“Weatherfur goes north. I will help lead the northern attack.”
Feshi spoke up. Iraz nodded at her, and they began tallying tribes. Someone else spoke.
“Ekhtouch will fight in the north as well. Fifty warriors.”
Fifty? But it was a tiny tribe. Then Feshi heard the speaker add.
