8.66
Page 31
But Liscor had been filled with great, sudden events. Only once had she ever witnessed the realization that a battle was imminent.
That was the siege of Liscor. What Mrsha saw was…grief. Arguments. Before they might never see each other again, Inkar and Tkrn fought terribly.
“Don’t go! Not like that. Not with that shield and—”
“It’s not cursed. I got it checked, Inkar. I’m not stupid!”
“Then why are you going to sacrifice yourself?”
She was pulling at him, and Tkrn was holding the enchanted shield he’d gotten. The eye stared at Mrsha as the Silverfang warriors embraced their loved ones. Or promised they’d come back.
Cetrule was going to war. Cers wouldn’t let go and was howling, so Satar had to prise him off as the [Shaman] rubbed his head. Mrsha watched as a Silverfang Gnoll carefully broke something in half. She handed a locket—no, half of one—to a little Gnoll girl.
“When I return…we’ll buy all your favorite foods, yes?”
That hurt too much. Inkar was still arguing with Tkrn.
“I will go with you.”
“You? You can’t fight!”
“I can shoot a bow.”
“Absolutely not. I’m a [Guardsman]. I—I have to do this. I promised Mrsha I’d protect Gire.”
The girl froze as Tkrn dragged her into the argument. He hefted the shield grimly and pushed Inkar back. She stumbled and nearly fell, and Beilmark caught her. She gave Tkrn a glare.
“What is this idiocy? Guardsman Tkrn, you are not a [Soldier]. Why did you enlist?”
He gulped, and his ears flattened as Inkar looked at Beilmark in relief. However, Tkrn saluted the Senior Guardswoman.
“I did it because I have people I need to protect, Guardswoman Beilmark. When war comes to the walls, the Watch is placed under the command of the army.”
The older Gnoll grunted as if struck.
“You read the rules?”
Tkrn gave her a blank stare.
“Yes, Guardswoman Beilmark. Only Relc doesn’t.”
The two [Guards] looked at each other, then began to guffaw uproariously. Beilmark laughed for a good ten seconds—then reached out and clasped Tkrn’s shoulder. She turned to Inkar.
“It is his choice. I cannot stop him; I will not go. Many must stay to defend the Meeting of Tribes, and I…”
She looked at the warriors preparing to go.
“I have a family. That is the cowardice of it. I will not tell you to stop him, but do not let it be a poor farewell. Just in case.”
As blunt as a hammer—but also true. Inkar looked at Tkrn, and he lowered the shield he’d been raising as if to defend himself. Mrsha crept away.
She didn’t want to hear.
This was too sad. Where was Gire? Gone, already, with Adetr. Mrsha looked around for Feshi in the Weatherfur camp adjacent to hers but…
She shouldn’t interfere.
Could she do anything? Mrsha wished she had one of Numbtongue’s spare crossbows to give to Tkrn—or an acid jar! Or Erin’s magic.
Wait. Someone might be able to help. Fetohep! Where was her scroll? He’d do something, right?
Mrsha ran for her tents, then recalled Beilmark had taken the scroll. She went back for the [Guardswoman] and heard someone howl shortly.
“Silverfangs! We fight with our kin! Follow me!”
Shaman Cetrule raised his staff, and Gnolls, warriors and not, howled as a mass of them began to lope after him.
She was too late! Inkar threw her arms around Tkrn, and Mrsha watched, helplessly, as the warriors began to exit their camp.
Halfway out, Cetrule slowed, and the valiant procession of Gnolls going to defend their homes and people choked up around the entranceway. Mrsha heard the [Shaman] suddenly snarl.
“You again? This is not the time!”
