8.66
Page 41
But that couldn’t be, could it? She would have known. She had a class and everything.
Maybe the class was what you thought.
Or maybe it was something else. A bargain made with strangers from another world.
All for one. Now, the little girl had let go of Tesy’s claw. The [Painter] had no idea what Mrell was talking about, but he saw Mrsha stand on her tip-toes. Craning her head to see. Sniffing the air, listening with all her ears.
“Mri. I wanted to introduce you to them. They’re not like…”
Mrell looked at Theikha, and the [Shaman] sighed.
“They are not like you, child. They thought you were dead. We have worked with them for a long time. Their dreams of that night are ice and Goblins. A terrible [Necromancer]. Meeting with Chieftain Mrell and other former Stone Spears Gnolls was difficult. This will not be easy. But…”
Mrsha stared ahead. Now she heard it. The faint sounds of giggling. Yips of sound, chatter. She looked at Mrell and Theikha, and her face was as pale as…
“Mri. If you don’t want to—”
Mrell got no further, because the little girl took off. Weatherfur, Rose, Tesy—everyone but Vetn was caught off-guard, and the [Thief] didn’t stop Mrsha. She bolted ahead on all fours, ignoring the cries and adults chasing after her.
It couldn’t be. It couldn’t! They were all—she had always known they were all—
 
——
 
The little Gnoll girl with gold-tipped ears and brown fur raced out of the tents, into a little playground. Over a hundred Gnoll children were playing.
Not exactly happily, all of them, not with war hanging over their heads. But some had been told to wait here with a [Shaman], and, to distract them, the Gaarh Marsh [Shaman] had conjured a little playground.
Gnolls swung around on vines and pushed each other into boggy water. Another group was playing on a giant log see-saw, hopping on one end to catapult the others off. Most were simply playing tag. They rolled around, shouting, many with twigs or mud in their fur.
Unlike Weatherfur, Gaarh Marsh’s children didn’t use color in their fur. But many did have little companions they were exceedingly careful of. Or not-so-little, like a dog that played catch faster than any cub.
Animal friends. Like a little crow that a cub had helped raise when it had fallen out of a nest, or even a hercules beetle with colorful, red wings. It was hard to pick out any other group within them, but they were there.
About two dozen of the Gnoll children racing around—just two dozen—had almost no animal companions. A few had adopted them, but they were a bit more hesitant to get dirty, and they clung together, even when playing.
They had a bit of a different accent, and other differences. For instance, they all feared the dark. The coming winter would be a difficult time for them, and the [Shaman] watched them closest, sometimes taking a few cubs to the latrines.
The stranger to this impromptu playground skidded to a stop, so fast that she tumbled head-over-heels. Which was so funny that some of the children did likewise.
“Hello! Are you here to play? Who are you?”
A few children, barely five or six, raced around the strange girl, who said not a word as she sniffed the air, looking around.
That group of two dozen had gone still, waiting for their turn to play with the vines and swing over a pit of muddy water. The girl searched for them. Some of the children admired her golden ears.
“Do you know the Golden Gnoll? Is that a bag of holding? Can I see? Let me see!”
She slapped a paw reaching for her bag of holding, and a wounded girl retreated, howling. Another Gnoll boy ran up on all fours.
