8.66
Page 35
Right now, he was putting all of it to use, helping coordinate the defense of the Great Plains. One of his greatest assets was simple.
Yelroan was doing an advanced calculation simply based on the average number of Tier 3-4 spells a Drake [Mage] could throw in a battle. Using data from [Scouts] and so on, he could tell the Chieftains how many [Shamans] or spellbreaking experts to send to protect their troops per battlefield. Disperse them equally so that, aside from exceptional [Mages], his people would take less casualties.
He was so engrossed with his work, Yelroan barely heard the commotion from outside. He didn’t even look up when someone strode into his room.
“Good timing. Take this to the strategy tents. This is the northeastern front’s [Mage] tally and spell count. Minimum, maximum, average. Just tell them Xherw sent it. Don’t argue.”
He held out the paper. When no one took it, he shook it impatiently. Then he looked up and saw Merish.
“Merish?”
The [Mathematician]’s eyes widened, and he took off his sunglasses. The [Shamanic Warrior] looked exhausted. His fur was dirty, and the magical markings had all been broken or used up, leaving only dead paint, grey and colorless.
He still had blood on his fur; Yelroan smelled it. The Gnoll didn’t smell like he’d washed in days, and he stood, swaying a bit.
He smelled like despair and fear and…Yelroan hesitated as Merish spoke.
“We failed, Yelroan. It was an ambush. The Titan of Baleros himself was there. Had to be him. Two-thirds of us died, and Viri betrayed me. There were Goblins and Antinium and…”
Yelroan’s first instinct was to get up and grab Merish. Find a [Healer], embrace his childhood friend.
But then he remembered what Merish had been doing, and he hesitated. Just a single moment of hesitation and uncertainty, written across Yelroan’s face.
The Gnoll was a poor liar. Merish saw it. His unfocused gaze fixed on Yelroan with hurt puzzlement.
“What’s wrong?”
“—Nothing. Merish, you look terrible. Does Khaze know you’re back? Chieftain Xherw? No—he’s on the front. Shaman Ulcre isn’t going to war. Sit! Do you need a potion? A [Healer]?”
Merish shook his head, slumping into a seat as Yelroan sprang up, hurrying around to call for one.
“No. Some of us reported into our sub-tribes. We—I heard it was war. I haven’t seen Khaze. I thought you might know where Xherw was.”
“I don’t. Damn—where’s my potion? Here!”
Yelroan scrambled around, found a healing potion and then a stamina potion, and thrust them at Merish. The warrior took a gulp of the healing potion and coughed, making a face.
“Thank you. What’s happened?”
“Oh—nothing. Everything. The Meeting of Tribes, the Drakes crossing the water-line. But enough. What do you mean you failed? I thought you lost them!”
And that little girl is in the Meeting of Tribes! So who did he go after? The other white Gnoll? The adult?
Merish explained, and Yelroan sat down as he heard Merish’s account of how they’d lost the two Doombringers—only for both to pop up under the protection of the Lomost tribe. The failed ambush, which had turned into a near-total slaughter until the Hekitr tribe distracted their ambushers long enough.
“The Titan of Baleros himself? That’s…not impossible, actually. He was spotted in the High Passes. It makes sense he’s in this. I don’t know how Goblins or Antinium factor in. But…”
