8.66
Page 19
He would report to the Assembly of Crafts that Duln had helped run off a Named-rank criminal because that’s what they needed to know.
His private security council would hear of their deal, and Chaldion would summarize the results. His offer? Taken. The price was steep, and Belavierr refused a few conditions, like destroying the corpse of Maviola El. But she agreed to do what he wanted.
The problem was, even the [Grand Strategist] of Pallass couldn’t predict how Belavierr would act. Nor was he aware of all the factors. If he had been…he might not have sent her to her destination.
Belavierr departed Pallass and headed straight for the Meeting of Tribes.
 
——
 
If only they had more time. It could be glorious.
When they did meet each other, it was at lunch. Lunch was big, plentiful, and social, with Gnolls coming and going.
But since a certain little Gnoll needed to keep mostly out of sight, she had lunch catered to her. Sulking that she couldn’t eat sweet, sweet ice cream while playing on arcade machines and eating pizza and doing all the things without consequence, Mrsha splurged.
Not least because Gire could and did eat anything she wouldn’t finish. And where good food existed…
Lehra Ruinstrider followed.
“Mri! Hello! Is that Wyvern steak? Mind company for lunch?”
“Lehra, no. I am so sorry…”
The Stargnoll and her team peeked into a big tent where Mrsha was paying for a small feast of food. A drooling Gire was looking at marbled cuts of Wyvern, fresh and preserved from the famous attack on Pallass. Marinated, fried just enough to cook it, but still bloody and rare.
Oh, and there was also a Fruit Golem. Which was a Golem…made of fruits.
Not ordinary fruits, but rare ones. Bananas? Mundane. Pineapples? Passé. Glowberries, Jumping Durians, Sea Oranges…and more.
Such a bounty! Aside from durian, which was a horrible-smelling fruit that Mrsha refused to touch. However, Lehra had followed her nose, and that was how she became a guest, despite Elgrinna’s clear embarrassment as she tried to drag Lehra out by the tail.
“I know Mri! We’re all friends! What’s the issue? Hello! Nice fur.”
Qwera, the Golden Gnoll, Tesy, and Vetn all looked up from their spot at the table. They exchanged looks. Tesy waved, and they whispered together as Lehra said hello to others she recognized.
“Is that a Named Adventurer? I’m allergic to adventurers.”
Vetn edged as far back from Lehra as he could. The Thief of Clouds and a Named Adventurer at the same table?
But they knew each other! And it wasn’t just Mrsha—or Mri, rather—who made it happen. The other person was…
Tkrn. And Inkar. The Gnoll [Guard] was blinking at a little Golem made up of different bunches of grapes begging for its life.
“I…I’m not hungry. Who eats like this?”
“Sick people.”
Inkar agreed. Rose guiltily hid a grape she’d been about to eat. So Rose, Inkar, and Tkrn were there.
And so was Adetr, unapologetically already eating a huge steak. And then the tent flaps opened, and more guests came in.
“Hello! Am I late? I found Yelroan. We were visiting the thing—oh!”
Feshi Weatherfur and Yelroan both entered the tent and blinked around. They were followed by Satar and Cers…and the two young Silverfangs were agog by the company.
“You know Lehra Ruinstrider, Mri?”
Cers’ jaw dropped, and Lehra offered to sign his forehead. Satar squeaked, and Mri looked around smugly.
“That child is a nightmare. Who raised her?”
Qwera muttered to Vetn and Tesy. Ysara Byres slid into a seat at their table.
