8.66
Page 23
“And our [Paragon]. I will lead twenty of ours to aid you, Chieftain Werri. Gireulashia will join the north.”
Chieftain Firrelle calmly strode out of the tent. And Feshi’s worries stacked higher.
 
——
 
“Gire is too young to fight!”
Rose was trying to argue with Akrisa, but there was nothing the Silverfang Chieftain could do.
“She must if Chieftain Firrelle says she must. I asked her—but she said that if Gire is old enough to challenge her for her position, she is old enough to fight. It is…pettiness.”
“Not pettiness. Vindictiveness. You saw how Gire dealt with her. All I can do is tell our warriors to try and shield Ekhtouch—but it will be a terrible battle.”
Cetrule muttered. Rose looked from Gnoll to Gnoll.
“What can we do?”
“Do? I am no war-[Chieftain]. I will place our command with our [First Warrior]—but it is a battle. Even Honored Beilmark does not fight in wars. I am afraid…we can only support our people from the rear, Rose.”
Akrisa looked pale and worried under her fur. Rose whirled and ran to find Gire.
The [Paragon] was hiding in her tent. She was hiding under her blanket as a little Gnoll girl worriedly patted her on the shoulder.
“I must fight. I must. I am a [Paragon]. I’m scared, Mrsha.”
Don’t fight. Don’t fight!
Mrsha was begging Gire not to, but the [Paragon] was one of many Gnolls going to the front. And going now.
“Where’s Ekhtouch? Move out!”
A roar made Rose jump as she stood in the doorway. She knew that voice. Gire poked her head out, and Mrsha turned. Rose saw an angry Gnoll standing in front of their camp, surrounded by nearly a hundred Gnolls with metal fur.
“Adetr! Can you convince Firrelle or Iraz not to send Gire to fight?”
The [Battle Seeker] stopped as he saw Rose. His face was not the joyful look he had when anticipating a fight. This was grim, and she saw his snarling face turn to surprise when he saw her. Ekhtouch was already lined up, and Gire emerged from her tent a moment later.
“Rose? Gire? No. She’s a [Paragon]. We need every warrior we can get!”
“She’s fifteen.”
“So?”
Adetr gave Rose a blank look, and she recalled that he had been fourteen when he was first made a [Warrior]. But then he recalled their talks. His gaze softened.
“This is a war for our people, Rose. If the Drakes start the fire, they’ll cast a windstorm across the entire plains. We’ll all burn by the time that inferno reaches us.”
Even the Steelfur Gnolls looked uneasy by his talk. Adetr was not good for morale. He looked around, then grabbed her arm and whispered.
“I’ll try to protect her. Feshi is coordinating the assault in part. We will look out for her, yes? But this war is…”
He knew other Gnolls were listening, so he didn’t finish it. Rose looked at Adetr desperately, then looked about.
“Hold on! I’ll get you a scarf! Or amulet! Or…”
“What for?”
Adetr gave Rose a blank look. One of the Steelfur Gnolls groaned, slapped the back of his head, and winced and rubbed at her paw.
“Dead gods, Adetr.”
“A lucky charm! Or something! Just don’t die.”
“I can’t wear a scarf. It’ll get in the way, and it’s not useful—stop that.”
The other Gnolls were jabbing Adetr in the back with the tops of their weapons so he’d shut up. Rose realized she wasn’t going to find anything to give Adetr and settled for a hug. His fur bit into her flesh, but she hugged him tight.
“Don’t die, you stupid [Battle Seeker].”
“I won’t. And I’ll keep the others safe.”
He nodded to her. Rose stepped back as Gire raised her paw.
“Ekhtouch, we fight with Steelfur! With me!”
