8.66
Page 39
Where was Mrell taking them, though? Mrsha craned her neck around. It wasn’t Demas Metal’s tribe they were heading towards. She had thought Mrell would show her something to make her like him, like how Demas Metal was made.
She would have dutifully gone to ‘take your daughter you tried to abandon to work day’, and then sold the information to Pelt at a premium.
However, it didn’t seem like that was their destination. Mrell looked…nervous. No—apprehensive? As if this were going to be hard for him.
“It’s…when I heard about Stone Spears, I blamed myself. I tried to do all I could, but Demas Metal was still growing. And we were far away. I don’t know what Prha has done all this time, but she’s a good warrior in her tribe. Not a Chieftain. She was more of a warrior.”
By that, everyone took that Prha was better at hitting things than Mrell. And that was sort of her only specialty. Mrell went on as Mrsha rolled her eyes.
Yes, tell me how much better you are. She was a hostile audience, and Tesy winced as she kept squeezing his fingers hard to indicate how much she didn’t like what Mrell was saying.
However, Rose thought there was one thing that Mrsha was missing. Not about Mrell. Rose didn’t like him much either. She did think Mrsha’s mistake was, well…forgetting that she was not the perfect saint. She was acting fairly self-righteous, and, if Rose recalled correctly, Mrsha had caused a number of not-so-little disasters.
There was a quintessentially Lyonette way to how Mrsha was holding her head, chin raised a tad too high. She had every right to be angry.
But she had forgotten something. Or just not considered it. Mrell led the group on.
If he had one chance to talk to Mrsha, he would not spend it trying to get her to let her hold him. Or forgive him. He wanted these things, so badly they were an all-consuming passion.
Because he had a second chance, he was trapped in the past. He would never be able to continue, even with all the wonders around him, all the opportunities, until he fixed this.
Perhaps he never could. But the first and only step, the only thing he could give Mrsha…the Gnoll looked ahead. He could not give her armor or a blade, even if she would accept it.
Actually, she probably would, but that wouldn’t protect a little girl. A Doombringer.
His fault. Mrell saw Shaman Fiziker herself waiting at the entrance to another tribe’s domain. He had sent her ahead to ask if they would be welcomed.
They were. Not that Mrell had doubted it, but he and the group of four slowed as they saw someone waiting for them. Someone unexpected, who blinked at Mrsha in faint surprise.
“A curious meeting. Hello, little one.”
Shaman Theikha of Gaarh Marsh leaned on her staff, looking wan and tired, but dignified beyond belief for all that. Mrsha blinked at her and waved with her free paw. Mrell bowed deeply.
“You honor us, Great Shaman.”
“When I heard what you wanted, I thought I myself should bear witness. Now, I see it was more than instinct. Mri, isn’t it?”
Theikha’s gaze focused on Mrsha, and Rose felt uneasy, because it was such a knowing look. Mrsha nodded, lips sealed. Theikha lifted her gaze to Mrell.
“They are waiting. Come. Have you told her?”
“No, Shaman—”
A staff promptly threatened Mrell’s head, and he ducked. Theikha stopped the group and frowned at him.
“You young Chieftains. Does everything have to be a surprise? Surprises are as unwelcome as grand gestures, young man. Especially for this! Stop!”
She halted everyone as they passed into Gaarh Marsh’s ground. And it was definitely their tribe’s.
