8.66
Page 28
She had more instructions, and Rafaema only half-listened. She had a name, hope, and a certainty a Dragon existed.
So she went.
 
——
 
Now.
 
Brave children were going to do great things. They had already done great things. If only they had time, and the world wasn’t against them.
Children should have time to grow. They should have had peace.
All these revelations in the Meeting of Tribes were having an unusual effect. Some tribes embraced the new, like Sootfur and Hawkarrow. They followed Silverfang’s charge into revealing old truths.
Some tribes saw all these things and drew back. They gathered around Plain’s Eye, Gaarh Marsh, and older tribes. When the world shook, tradition and the past were roots to cling to.
“We must be wary of this new world. Those two—Rose and Inkar—they must be watched, don’t you agree, Chieftain? We cannot let them leave. And the danger—!”
An anxious Gnoll Chieftain of the Gembows Tribe was speaking. Her nerve was shattered. Some people, when faced with the incomprehensible or a great challenge—broke.
It was too bad she was a Chieftain. However, Chieftain Xherw of Plain’s Eye slowed long enough to nod to her.
“I will take care of it, of course, Chieftain Yinbe.”
She smiled and nodded, relieved. What Xherw carefully omitted was that he would not do what she wanted.
Not exactly. He was split on the Humans. On all these new events. He disagreed with the idea of shunning Earth. They had to join hands with Earth rather than face a great foe.
At the same time, Earth disturbed him. But he would not be the reactionary who fled from fire when someone invented it. He would be cautious—Plain’s Eye had to walk a narrow line.
Satar Silverfang was a good example of what ailed Xherw. She herself was not a bad Gnoll. If anything, Xherw admired the young [Storyteller] and [Shaman]. He could wish for a thousand Gnolls with her spirit. Her combined Skill? Wonderful. Her class…
No. No, that was a problem. She was digging into the past, and that…that was regrettable. That was what hurt Xherw.
None of these young people deserved anything but a bright future. Around him, horns were blowing.
The tribes were going to war. He had seen Feshi Weatherfur moving with Adetr Steelfur. Honored Gireulashia? A lot of the Gnolls who’d helped make Theikha’s Skill a reality were going north.
Two main armies were coming from the north, and Plain’s Eye would take the western one. The young children were headed to the eastern battle.
Actually, a lot of tribes had joined the eastern battle. Even Lehra Ruinstrider would be participating.
Four bright young Gnolls who all knew each other. By contrast? Plain’s Eye alone would fight on the western front. Plain’s Eye, augmented with Gaarh Marsh and Wild Wastes, but they alone.
Some tribes felt it was close to showing off or glory-seeking. Xherw intended to show them it was not, and to show them Plain’s Eye would bleed for the tribes. He had to prove it.
However, the eastern battle concerned him. So many children…
There was an opportunity, so Xherw left the nervous Chieftains still babbling about Earth behind. He approached the Silverfang camp, and some guards stirred to nervous attention.
“Chieftain Xherw himself? How can we help you, Chieftain?”
A…Weatherfur Gnoll blocked his way. Xherw frowned as some of his personal guards stopped, politely nodding to their counterparts.
“If it pleases Silverfang and Weatherfur, I would like to enter the camp, friends. This is a time of war—but I am seeking someone.”
The Gnoll hesitated.
