8.66
Page 8
“Mrsha, here—come on. Beilmark, what are you doing with, um, Mrsha’s scroll?”
Rose was present; Akrisa, Krshia, Inkar, Tkrn, Gire, Adetr, Yelroan, Feshi, Cetrule, and everyone else were gone. It was only Mrsha, Beilmark, Rose, Ysara, and Qwera in the tent.
Rose suspected Inkar and Tkrn were on a date in the Earth-simulation so Inkar could show him around her home. Akrisa and Krshia were discussing the issue, and Yelroan, Feshi, Adetr, and most of the important Gnolls were allowed access to the Skill—so that’s where they were, or unpacking what they’d learned.
She was here because, well…home made her hurt too much. She had gone in once—and only Adetr had helped her avoid a breakdown. Even then…
It had been a mistake to go home. To go home and see people who were not her parents but looked like them and talked like them and…
Good things hurt. So Rose was here. Beilmark was here, not being trusted enough to participate. She was put out by it, but understanding. Mrsha was here because she was Mrsha, and Plain’s Eye would be all around [The World of You and Me]. Same with Qwera and Ysara; they were not in the know.
Beilmark tucked the scroll into her bag of holding. She read a card Mrsha was waving in her face.
“I am not stealing it, Mrsha. This is a request from none other than Fetohep of Khelt. He sent a little note with Satar’s gift. You have been annoying him. So you don’t get this back for a week.”
Tyrant! Thief! You can’t do that! I’m his best friend! I’m his only friend! He’s an old man with nothing to do!
Mrsha promptly proved why Fetohep of Khelt had requested the intervention. She rolled around, not quite daring to attack Beilmark. Beilmark was a mother, and she had injected the warning tone that Mrsha had learned to listen to, akin to a child’s [Dangersense].
“Hrr. You’ll get it back. The fact that you can talk to a ruler of a…I feel like the world makes no sense, but that’s normal these days. Now, behave. I have to make sure a [Thief] doesn’t steal Satar’s book out of her paws and run.”
Beilmark trotted off. Mrsha fell onto the ground and flailed about like Cers. That made Rose smile—until she saw Mrsha roll over onto all fours and narrow her eyes.
“Mrsha? Where are you going? Oh no. Not again. Mrsha—no, Krshia said—Mrsha!”
For the eleventh time so far, Mrsha the Fed Up snapped. She bolted for the tent flaps. It was time! She was going to Earth! To—
Ysara grabbed Mrsha with ease, and Qwera picked up the Gnoll.
“I don’t believe in punishing little girls, but I will spank you like I spank Vetn or Tesy. Sit down. Try to run off and regret it.”
Mrsha raised a fist…and hesitated.
But it’s not fair!
Now she was nearly in tears, and the Mrsha-childishness revealed the root cause of the Mrsha-psychology. She actually began to snot up.
Earth! Earth is right there! I can go play video games and see movies! You can’t keep me away! Fast food! Chocolate! Arcades! I want to go! Pleeeeeease?
She wrote and held up the card for Qwera to see. The Golden Gnoll looked blank.
“I don’t know what they did in the Meeting of Chieftains, and I don’t care. Some big Skill? It’s dangerous. Listen, you little idiot. Do you want to die? Hm? Chieftain Xherw of the Plain’s Eye tribe is right there. Think!”
She squeezed Mrsha—but gently—and the Gnoll’s face fell. She looked up at Qwera and drooped. And there it was. Childishness instantly replaced by the feeling of mortality.
Rose felt terrible for Mrsha. No wonder she tried to distract herself. Qwera was right.
