8.66
Page 12
Of all of them, Yelroan was the most academic. Where Mrell or Mneic could go to a library, Yelroan walked into a university. Hence his involvement here.
“Let me write that down. A hundred Gnolls won’t be enough to investigate this! Not by far, yes? We need to get the [Chieftains] out of smoking whatever they call Dreamleaf and riding on escalators, and get specialists in there. No—new classes! Learning!”
Eitha slapped the table. She looked like a Gnoll cub learning you could ride cows for the first time. Mneic was intensely practical, eyes lit up with the idea of learning how to make advanced metals to compete with even the Dwarves.
Mrell? Mrell was as excited as could be.
But he kept thinking of his daughter.
It was like a spiral. Everything had been going so well. Mrell had been proving Demas Metal was truly all he made it up to be. He was rubbing shoulders with famous Chieftains like Iraz Steelfur, and his tribe was poised to not only make a killing financially but help other tribes. Redefine the industry of magical metals, put Izril on the map and underline it with his name.
Up till now, magical metals were highly, highly localized to the right [Smiths] and locations. You got raw ore from places like Salazsar, and there were mithril-capable smiths on Izril, but places like Deríthal-vel, the Tannousin clan, the mighty forges of Invictel, and so on had a monopoly. Even steel required a lot of dedication to produce great quantities, like Pallassian steel.
…That was the [Smith] part of his brain. The other part, that Mrell hadn’t been—hadn’t ever been for perhaps more than fifteen seconds, while he waited for his daughter to cry—
Was lost.
He went back to it again. He should have hugged her closer, rather than recoil. He blamed the [Shaman]. He had been old and traditionalist—married into the Stone Spears tribe from Plain’s Eye.
That was an excuse. Mrell should never have listened.
[Shamans]. Fiziker was more like a glorified [Firestarter] than a magic-user, which was probably why he worked with her.
Doombringer. My daughter is a Doombringer. The Gnoll wondered if it was his fault. He could not have stopped a Goblin Lord, but maybe…
He was banned from seeing her. Cetrule, Chieftain Torishi, and the Silverfangs would make sure of that. Yet it felt to Mrell, especially now, that things revolved around Mrsha.
Not just because of where she came from or her strange connections. In part, the Meeting of Tribes hinged around her because of who she was.
Doombringer. This was a reckoning. The most impactful Meeting of Tribes in the last thousand years, easily. Old versus new.
But all Mrell truly wanted to do was…was what? Hold her and pretend the last eight years had never happened? Make amends?
How could he?
So caught up was Mrell that he lost track of the conversation. He only looked up when Fiziker nudged him.
“Hmm? I’m sorry, Chieftain Mneic. I must have stayed up too long in excitement.”
The older Gnoll smiled understandingly. He had a broad, blunt face, and the others chuckled.
“I see. We should rest—but I cannot stop talking. You lie down, Mrell. We will pull you and anyone back into these discussions, yes? I’ll ask whether your Demas Metal has parallels to Earth’s or whether it’s new. I still cannot get my mind off…blast furnaces. The Kroll process, as they refer to it, to make titanium, is far too complex, yes? But magic and Skills provide. If only we had a Tannousin smith who can make their contained environments! Ah, and we need espresso.”
Yelroan sat up excitedly.
