8.66
Page 11
A crossbow no one could reload. So overtuned that it could apparently hit a target over a thousand feet away without Skills. A draw strength of over one thousand four hundred pounds of force.
She couldn’t reload it manually and didn’t try. Nor had she tried to get it enchanted to reload; magic still obeyed physics, at least for most [Enchanters], and she had poured all the available magic into making it as sturdy as could be.
Chieftain Eitha didn’t bother. She just used [Instantaneous Reload]. She was, fundamentally, that kind of person. If someone presented her with a puzzle, she’d try to cheat.
“I’ve also scrolled through their internet. Fascinating. We can try building some of their techniques, but for now, I did some research. We are centuries behind their modern armaments.”
“Armaments aren’t the goal, surely. That implies war.”
Another Gnoll interjected with worry clear in her voice. Chieftain Mneic rumbled. The sturdy [Smith] looked warningly at Eitha.
“No. The other Chieftains will deliberate, but I spoke with Honored Krshia, and she emphasized the dangers of spreading such ideas. What can be made can be stolen; any [Smith] knows that. Perhaps if it is overly complex…but no. Honored Krshia had many good points. I encourage you all to listen to her.”
He gave Eitha a meaningful look. Krshia had indeed had enough talks with Erin and Ryoka to get a sense of the Wind Runner’s paranoia. Eitha…justified Ryoka’s paranoia fairly easily with a grin.
“Obviously not, Chieftain Mneic! An arrow shot at the enemy is one they get back—even if you fish it out of the guts of whoever was hit. I think we should have an order of technologies shown publicly. However, I meant that we can redefine our own weapons and tactics based on Earth. And that is, of course, the least of what they can do. I simply mean that as one avenue of research. For instance, I studied their crossbows, and they have a new system that relies on pulleys! I want to make it—but I did check their historical weapons. My crossbow is superior to any weapon made in their era of swords.”
She patted her weapon lovingly. Mneic sighed through his nose.
“It is true…with the Drakes attacking our tribes, defense is important.”
The others nodded, Mrell somberly. He had taken all of Demas Metal to the Meeting of Tribes, but many were under attack.
“So we strike a balance. We learn—but we must learn fast, yes?”
Fiziker, Mrell’s [Shaman], spoke reasonably. She was often helping negotiate with [Merchants], and she was a good balance to Mrell. Eitha smiled happily.
“Yes indeed. We can already surprise those damned Drakes. Guess what I just learned? How to make a trebuchet. No wonder the Humans in the north are making them if they have an Earther! You can print out an instruction manual—and there’s a video! Let’s start making those, if nothing else! Do you think we can do that?”
“Do that? I could redefine our architecture! Calculate the size of this world—assuming it’s like theirs! There are tiny particles we can’t see, and space—”
Yelroan exploded and caught himself. He sat, quivering.
“Anything…practical, Honored Yelroan?”
Eitha looked cautiously at Yelroan. The [Mathematician]’s eyes bulged at her.
“Anything—well, honestly, Earth is so far advanced in math that a lot is theoretical. However, practically? Systems. Earth has so many…systems that we don’t. Ways of thinking about money, organizing data. Chieftains, Honored Gnolls, I may love math, but even I can see—there is so much we need to learn. Have you studied…bacteria? Micro organisms?”
