8.66
Page 21
It was almost like home. Cers grabbed a pawful of food and raised it, and Feshi, with the instincts of a [Strategist], went for cover. Rose reluctantly was drawn into the discussion about sin since it wasn’t theology. Mrsha’s ears perked up as she heard Gire complaining.
“I like math! Math is fun, Rose. Just explain it. I think Yelroan understands, but I want to be certain! The universities certainly beat some of the other places.”
“The what now? What’s this about? Is this the big secret my Chieftain was talking about? Should I ask to visit?”
Lehra perked up, and Gire turned.
“You have to. If you’re allowed—it’s the most amazing thing ever, Lehra. And it has incredible food. But it’s secret.”
She glanced at Lehra’s team, and Elgrinna growled.
“Damn it. Is that my cue to leave?”
“No, since Lehra has no permission, I won’t tell anyone.”
Gire shook her head. Lehra looked crestfallen.
“But I want to know! Fine, I’ll get permission! Then I’ll tell my team. I wouldn’t keep anything secret from them!”
“And that is why you’ll never get permission.”
Adetr growled. Lehra gave him a supercilious look.
“My team’s trustworthy! I’m loyal to my tribe, but it’s silly to think non-Gnolls can’t be trusted.”
“This is bigger than just one tribe. You’re a Named Adventurer. Secrecy—”
“Anyways, Rose. Some places are boring. Not to give out secrets, but that thing with the pews and altar? Boring. The book is somewhat interesting, but it has a lot of words blanked out.”
“The…”
Rose sat up in alarm, but Gire just yawned.
“Is that really how it looks to you? The man who gave the entire service kept skipping the word too. Either the Skill’s busted, or you have weird…what’s the word?”
She snapped her fingers. Yelroan looked puzzled.
“What place is this? Fill-in-the-blank games?”
“I wish. It’s on the tip of my tongue.”
Religion.
Mrsha frowned at Gire, demanding to know more too, and Lehra and Adetr were arguing about the tribes. The tent flaps opened once more, and someone hurried in.
Cetrule. The Gnoll was winded, his ceremonial garb hanging askew. Only Feshi, peeking out to see if the food fight had begun yet, noticed. Had he had a bad turn? Gotten into a car accident or looked at some very…disturbing images online?
The Gnoll’s fur was messed up, and he looked at the chattering room.
“What are you…?”
No one noticed. Cetrule caught himself as Satar turned, beaming.
“Cetrule! I found out what my new Skill does! It’s—”
The [Shaman] of the Silverfangs cut her off. He took a breath and then bellowed, so loudly he drowned out everyone else. A note of high tension, a cracking voice bordering on a howl.
“What are you all doing?”
Everyone went still. Mrsha looked up, face covered in sauce, and the arguers, diners, and Cers himself looked in Cetrule in alarm. The [Shaman] pointed outside.
“The Drakes. They’ve crossed the water line. The Woven Bladegrass tribe sounded the alarm—every tribe is mustering its warriors. Honored Lehra, Gire, Adetr, Feshi, your Chieftains need you now.”
The tent went silent. Mrsha had been afraid for a moment that someone had found out her identity. This?
This was worse. Yelroan’s head snapped up. He saw Feshi pale; Adetr was already on his feet and racing around the table. Lehra dropped the fork she was holding, and the clatter was far too loud.
It could have been glorious. If only they had more time. Time to explore the wondrous Skill, to get to know each other, to enjoy life. If only this part could last forever.
If only…Drakes weren’t so petty.
 
——
 
