8.66
Page 7
Mrsha was getting too full of herself. And for a girl whose mother was a genuine [Princess], and who had been raised for the last year in The Wandering Inn by Erin Solstice—
That was saying something. Lyonette had not helped with Mrsha’s ego, only her manners and other things she considered important. The problem was—Lyonette was a real blue-blood.
Actually, she was a red-blood because she bled red if you stabbed her. Mrsha had been vaguely disappointed by that. False advertising.
The problem was, Mrsha had once been a terrified, half-feral girl in an abandoned inn traumatized by the loss of her family. Then she had been a curious, mute girl, getting into trouble, but wide-eyed and fairly innocent.
Now? Now she swaggered around on two feet with a bag of holding full of gold, wore a crab-hat, and not only could insult you in prose but considered bribery an effective way of getting out of any situation—followed by ruthless blackmail or pulling rank or calling in favors.
She was either a girl thrust into great events of strife, hunted as a Doombringer unfairly, and somehow still innocent and caring despite all she had been through…or all that plus a monster in the making.
To her credit, she’d gotten rid of the crab hat. Unfortunately, she’d replaced it with an obnoxious pair of sunglasses slanted in a crazy ‘w’ shape that blinded everyone every time she turned her head in the sun.
“Who gave you that? No—I don’t have to guess. Yelroan. Give it here, Mrsha. It’s blinding people!”
The Gnoll girl slapped Rose’s hand down. She handed the Earther a card.
Back off, punk.
Rose stared at Mrsha. The Gnoll put up her dukes. You want to fight? Huh? Huh? You’ll take these glasses over my dead—
The thing was, Rose was a fairly poor caretaker, and, despite knowing Mrsha, she did not really know how to deal with Mrsha. She mistook hesitancy for kindness.
Beilmark calmly snatched the glasses off Mrsha’s face. When the Gnoll went to kick at her, the [Guardswoman] raised one paw.
“Kick me, and I arrest you. These are a public nuisance.”
Mrsha hesitated. Beilmark was nice and friendly, but her grin was a bit too nice, if that made sense. Mrsha sat down in a pout.
She was being childish today. It seemed like you rolled a die to find out if you got a mature Mrsha or a bratty one. However, anyone mistaking this for a simple roll of the Mrsha-dice was a fool. There was a psychology to this:
Mrsha was sulking. Ergo, she acted out. Much like a [Princess] would calmly announce to the entire court she was pregnant in a bid for attention. Or how Erin would do whatever she wanted.
The root cause of Mrsha sulking was more complex, though. The Gnoll girl was not with Satar, who was still marveling over her book; she’d lost interest and retired to Krshia’s tent, which was a sort of living-room for people to gather since the [Shopkeeper] only used it to sleep.
She had been trying to raise Fetohep to smugly congratulate him, but she couldn’t find her [Message] scroll. Mrsha had then resorted to her gifted sunglasses—most likely to annoy everyone in a hundred foot radius, only to be foiled.
She searched around for her [Message] scroll, then saw to her shock that Beilmark had it! The [Guardswoman] had come into the tent, picked up her scroll—
Give it back! Thief! Thief!
Mrsha raced after her just as Qwera and Ysara entered to continue pricing out their analysis of Satar’s gifted book. Beilmark held the scroll calmly over her head.
“No, and no. No sunglasses, no scroll. Kick me again, and you will regret it, Mrsha.”
