8.66
Page 27
Lyonette nodded fractionally. She pressed her fingers to her temples. Imagine if she had to deal with a male Mrsha in his teens…all her life? She felt for the First Gardener and Makhir, she truly did.
“Liscor. Dragons have caves, don’t they? Or is that a rumor?”
“I don’t know. Who would actually have a lair or cave? It sounds…stereotypical.”
Cire frowned, unfurling his wings slightly. Rafaema scratched at her neck-spines, equally dubious.
“I can see a secret base, but I’d hate a cave-cave. Still, you’re right. Finding proof Eldavin is a Dragon is far better than risking revealing myself to an Archmage. Okay, Liscor. I like it. Even if it’s a dead end—it’s an adventure. And you’ll lend me your invisibility cloak and whatnot?”
“Cloak of Balshadow. Yes. Now, I’ll write you a letter to Ishkr, but Erin is…asleep. Do you think you can track down a Dragon’s lair?”
Rafaema went to check her neatly-laid out gear and armor, all perfectly maintained. She spoke as she fidgeted; she couldn’t stand still. Cire, by contrast, could sit all day if he was focused.
“I…don’t know. I’m hardly that gifted in magic. I need to learn from scratch, and it’s hard when a [Mage] tells you how to do it. However, I might be able to smell the cave. I smelled the Dragon on you. So that’s how we know one exists. Let’s say I go there, track it down to the cave…and make contact. You and Cire will go save your daughter, or Ferris will contact you. Just—do you know what kind of Dragon it is? Maybe it’s an evil one. Maybe it is Eldavin. How do you know Teriarch is the right name?”
She sounded uncertain, longing, and afraid, and looked at Cire and Lyonette as if worried they would see that as weakness. Cire went to pat Rafaema on the shoulder, and she swatted him away.
They were alike as a species—and different in personality. Lyonette thought they felt younger than her, for all they were both many times her age. She would have helped them as much as she could, oath or not, normally.
But Mrsha needed her. So Lyonette was willing to let Rafaema find what she needed or her doom in the High Passes. All she wanted…was their help. If she had to unleash a full Dragon or drag Oteslia into war—she would.
And Oteslia’s Dragon was bound to her by life or death. She was going to use that. Magnolia Reinhart would be so proud, and Lyonette hated that, too.
But the mother took it one step at a time. Convince Rafaema. How? Oh, that was so simple.
Satar had just shown up on the news, and Lyonette had to believe her darling mischief-maker had helped organize that. Her first public event, and she’d probably helped write all those letters!
She was grounded forever, and Lyonette would never let go of Mrsha again. The [Princess] rose and picked up something. It was so simple. She handed Rafaema a book, and the Dragon’s claws locked onto it.
“Teriarch. When you meet him—I don’t know what he’s like. But you are looking for Teriarch, not Eldavin. The Dragonlord of Flame.”
Rafaema’s eyes went round. She looked down at the book, and Lyonette thanked Ser Dalimont. The Thronebearer and Ser Sest had been researching the ‘legend’ for her obsessively. Dalimont might suspect something, but Ser Sest had bought the line about Teriarch being connected to the Heartflame Breastplate.
The Dragonlords, by Ciarr Plain’s Eye. A copy of an ancient book. Cire’s jaw dropped.
“If you find him—good luck. I’ll write you more letters if you need them, and I’ll show you on a map where Ryoka must have gone. Oh—and stay away from Goblins.”
