8.66
Page 3
“Seven brave young people combined their Skills. This is a combination Skill—and since they have learned it, any one of them can now deploy it. Know their names. Watch them. But this Skill…it only has power together. Earth’s children and ours joined paws to make it. Without their perspective, we could not see. Without our magic, it would not be so real. If we find more children, we may learn more. This may last…but it will require magic.”
“We should keep it forever.”
Another [Shaman] instantly volunteered. Adetr recognized him from being from Steelfur; he had a certain militancy to his [Shaman] gear, which was closer to armor. Theikha promptly flicked his nose, and he sneezed.
“Spoken like a Drake, young man. Why protect what we can remake? This is a perspective; if it is something to fight and die over, let it go. We have created knowledge, understanding. Let that be enough.”
That, Adetr supposed, was wisdom. Far better to have a deployable Skill across seven individuals rather than a vulnerable asset…
That wasn’t what Theikha meant. Even Adetr knew that. He had to concede—this was wisdom.
How afraid I was of Earth. I still am. But my nightmares of death by bombs and their soldiers? It is less now. 
The [Battle Seeker] looked at the projection of Earth. True, he couldn’t even start a fight without being ejected, much to his annoyance. It had turned into a forty-person brawl—which he’d been winning—but Humans of Earth weren’t that tough.
Their armies were. But they were now a people to him, where they had only been a military juggernaut to be feared.
Indeed, there was so much to learn it made Adetr’s head hurt. Not only was this Skill a window into Earth, it was a bounty of information that, until now, Earthers could only describe in their limited terms.
It was one thing to say ‘car: a moving metal vehicle capable of speeds up to a hundred plus miles per hour, run without magic on a combustion engine’. That gave Adetr nothing but a vague impression.
Another for him to get into a car, pump the gas, get scared, hit a traffic light, pop the door open, sprint down the street at full-tilt, then jump back in the car and drive down the street to see how fast he was actually going, drive into four-lane traffic, observe how safety precautions and traffic lights organized their transportation, ignore all of it, drive onto the highway, hit a hundred and twenty miles per hour, jackknife off the road and—
That was the second time he’d been ejected, incidentally. Adetr wanted to do it again.
“A Skill where you can do anything and get away with it. Experiment. Break laws. Have fun.”
Theikha scowled as the [Shamans] heard Adetr muttering.
“Ignore that silly child. Learn. Be respectful.”
Adetr bowed his head at the six [Shamans]; oh, there was also an occupancy limit of a hundred. A hundred. Well, four tribes had combined their magic to create this…
“Try chocolate candies. You can buy as much as you want from any store. And it doesn’t stay in your stomach when you leave.”
“Ignore—actually, do that. There is much good eating. Adetr, why are you out and bothering me? Did you get expelled—again?”
Theikha was fairly tolerant of Adetr, like the grandmother he vaguely remembered as a cub. His ears flattened.
“I only got in a small fight, Honored Theikha.”
She snorted. The [Shamans] looked amused as they cautiously approached. Then backed up. Adetr and Theikha turned and saw someone walking out of the bubble.
“Chieftain Mrell! Chieftain Orelighn! Shaman Cetrule!”
