8.66
Page 17
But parents never knew their children, anyways. Belavierr was, at least, grateful that she could feel anything. So long she’d been a…captive to her own immortality. Now she could think.
And she thought she was poor.
My immortality and protections, burnt. My fortunes, also burnt. I have been bleeding artifacts making petty deals these last few thousand years. Ah, well.
It beat hiding in the darkness waiting for the magic to come back. Or dealing with Crelers, ruining any opportunity for good business…no, on the contrary, great calamity provided excellent opportunities.
Belavierr sipped from her cup. Maviola kept chewing happily; she had taste buds.
“Mother? Why are we here? Are we waiting for the castle to be repaired? May we return soon? I miss the funny skeleton.”
The immortal Witch of Webs, the Stitch Witch, Belavierr the Spider, the Temptress, and too many names for her to bother to remember—twitched.
“…I told you not to speak to that one. It is a bad influence.”
“Yes, Mother. But he’s funny. Why are we here?”
The two were, of course, impossible to eavesdrop on. But Belavierr looked around carefully even so. She was annoyed even her ‘don’t notice me’ charms seemed to be struggling, but perhaps she really was out of fashion?
Belavierr loomed over Ryoka Griffin, who was six-foot-one, without a hat. The seven-foot woman plus her incredible hat made a Gnoll sway back. He focused on her.
“What an incredible…hrr.”
Then the magic persuaded him she wasn’t the most astounding thing he’d see all year, and he wandered off. Belavierr frowned after him.
“There is business to be done, Maviola. I must find a new client—after our work with the Necromancer concludes. However, there are poor pickings and I must rebuild my fortunes and magic.”
“Yes, Mother. So why are we here? You said you lost far more than you could have gained. Including your eye.”
Belavierr covered her left eye at the reminder. The new one was identical to the first, but she was still…very unhappy about losing the other one. An immortal’s lifespan even Dragons would admire and she had lost it to a Fraerling riding a bee?
The fact that Niers was the greatest [Strategist] of his age didn’t placate Belavierr’s wrath. And it was true; she’d lost far too much.
“We are here, my daughter…because I was thwarted.”
“By a child, Mother?”
Belavierr turned her ringed gaze, and Maviola went back to eating her food.
“…Yes. However, my daughter, I do not take defeat lightly. I have been thwarted. So this…is simply revenge.”
The outdoor cafe in Pallass containing the Stitch Witch and her daughter shivered as the temperature dropped. Belavierr was sitting on the 6th Floor. Calmly…looking down at a certain bar on the 5th Floor.
There was such a thing as a bad reputation. However, given how it had gone down, Belavierr was alternating between wrath and simply pique.
To be clear, pique was drawing a rune of pestilence on the doors of Tails and Scales and attracting every rodent in a ten-mile radius. Possibly deadly.
Wrath was pointing at the bar and casting [Everburning Firestorm]. And she was thinking about wrath. A bad reputation was one thing, but she also had to maintain her image.
Belavierr calmly produced a little flame from one fingertip and took aim. Then she caught herself, and the growing inferno winked out.
What was she doing? She turned to her daughter, almost embarrassed.
“I have made an error, Maviola. I must teach you better. When you take vengeance upon a couple bound by love, kill one and spare the other. Vengeance may follow, but that in itself is well. I taught Wiskeria this.”
