8.66
Page 44
“I’m old, not unadaptive, young Gnoll who has no visible class. Which suggests you’re probably up to no good. ”
The [Thief] bit his tongue, and Theikha harrumphed.
“I am not certain Doombringers must die. Nor am I sure they bring no danger. But I listen to wisdom.”
“And is wisdom children’s words? Deeds done, not what tradition says?”
Mrell saw Theikha blink at him. She rolled her eyes.
“No, Chieftain Mrell. Wisdom is the oldest being in the Meeting of Tribes. Older than me. If she truly was evil—wisdom and the wrath of my tribe would have surely moved.”
She pointed up. The Earth Elemental, Khoteizetrough, sat still. Perhaps it hadn’t noticed Mrsha. Or perhaps it had and was thinking of what to do. Slowly. Like a tree thought.
But so long as it didn’t move…Theikha looked at Mrsha. She was in a huddle of children, watching her write, trying to understand her story as she leaked tears and snot, no longer Mrsha du Marquin, Mrsha the Magnificently Munificent…just Mrsha Stone Spears.
No longer alone.
“Now might be a good time to join them. Delicately.”
So Rose did and found children sniffing her hands, begging for her to give them piggy-back rides. She watched as Mrsha cried, talked with the others, and tried to bridge the gap. In the background, a war was being fought.
This mattered, though. And it was all Rose could do. What she didn’t notice, what Theikha watched as night fell and Mrsha left, promising to come back tomorrow, was the way a hill moved.
A slowly-turning head. So slow you would have to watch over hours. A blank face of moss and stone and dirt slowly changing. Developing mossy eyes.
Staring at the little Gnoll. The girl with white fur. The [Druid]. The Doombringer?
The Great Shaman looked up—and waited to see how the Meeting of Tribes would end.
 
——
 
There would be a great slaughter, before this was over. Teeth in the darkness.
She knew it. The Raskghar stalked through the dark camp, following the little girl as she and her guards headed back home. She had stayed away from Gaarh Marsh. That giant…thing…scared her.
So did the powerful [Shaman]. Even now, she didn’t like that Drake with the brush or the one who seemed too spry on his feet. But there were four guards on the little girl now.
And she had six Raskghar besides herself and all the surprise in the world. The Human was chatting to Mrsha, who looked subdued, having cried and exhausted herself.
All the Gnolls were subdued in the Meeting of Tribes. No festivities. No crowds. Nokha and six shadows slowly stalked down the street.
From afar, they looked like Gnolls. Maybe a bit taller than average, and if they didn’t hide their smell, they smelled like…blood. Death.
But they hid their smell, and only when you got close did you realize something was wrong. Their claws were too long. They were hunched to look smaller, and they were far larger, like some primordial offshoot of Gnolls.
And then it was too late. Each Raskghar didn’t need the moon anymore, though it would give them the peak of strength. They brushed past Gnolls who glanced back, puzzled, but didn’t dwell on it long enough.
“Crabs! Lobster! You, Miss! Want a crab?”
A vendor tried to get Nokha’s attention, and she ignored them. Irritating pests. She was locked onto her quarry. Someone pulled a wagon in front of her, and the Raskghar stalked around it. There! She was nearly on them—but the power of consumerism was getting in the way!
“Excuse me! Miss? Miss? Can I interest you in a deal?”
