8.66
Page 42
“Don’t hit my sister! Gragh!”
He tried to tackle her, and the other children tackled him, saving him from an overaggressive counterattack. Gaarh Marsh’s children were rough, but they stopped their own fights.
The two dozen children watched her, and finally she spotted them. Some pointed, incredulous, rubbing their eyes.
It was impossible. She was dead. But her face looked the same. But for the golden ears—maybe her fur was a bit darker than it had been, but it was her.
“Mrsha?”
Someone whispered the name, and the girl turned. Her wide eyes saw a Gnoll boy looking at her. He looked like any other Gnoll boy his age, barely eleven. But he stuck together with the others. And he had one thing that set him apart.
A little, delicately carved amulet made out of stone. It was a very simple design. Two crossed points, like arrows.
Or spears. Mrsha looked at the Stone Spears children, and they pointed at her like a ghost.
As Shaman Theikha hurried after Mrell, Vetn, Tesy, and Rose, the children realized who it was. And they reacted.
In many ways, Chieftain Mrell was a huge fool for wanting to surprise Mrsha with this. But give him credit—he was an even bigger idiot for not telling them this was Mrsha, not just any survivor. Perhaps he didn’t know the full story. But what did he think would happen?
A Gnoll with a chunk missing from her ear turned and ran, howling and screaming for the [Shaman]. She hid behind the adult, bursting into tears as that night came back. Another simply recoiled.
“She’s dead! You’re dead!”
Fear. Another Gnoll went to anger.
“You did this! You and that Human!”
She leapt forwards, and more Gaarh Marsh children tackled her as she fought furiously. The little girl was petrified. Other children among the Stone Spears survivors growled or backed away. One whispered.
“White fur. She lost it. She’s a…”
Disastrous? Mrell looked in dismay at the children who had greeted him so affectionately. As if he had expected—
Another child broke forwards and charged Mrsha.
“He’s going to be bad! Gnollpile!”
Fifteen children and a dog tried to leap on him, but he dodged them so fast that Mrell’s jaw dropped in disbelief!
[Evasive Scamper]! The Gnoll almost left an afterimage, and the interception squad tumbled all over each other. He raced at Mrsha—fast. So fast that he was used in the tribe to run messages because he had a class and levels despite his age.
[Survivor]. He leapt, and Mrsha, stunned, waited. For what? A raised paw? A bite? A stone? Mrell charged at the two as the Gnoll tackled Mrsha, and the two went rolling around. He was—Mrell went to pull them apart and saw the boy was hugging Mrsha. And licking her cheek.
“It’s you. You’re alive! Mrsha! Mrsha!”
He hugged her, and Mrsha recognized him. Wasn’t he—was he—?
“Kirne, she’s evil!”
The girl hiding behind the [Shaman] shrieked, but more of the Stone Spears children were racing forwards to surround Mrsha. Others hung back, growling, but Kirne and some others leapt on Mrsha, shouting.
“She’s alive! I knew it! Chieftain Mrell found her!”
“The Winter Sprites saved her! See? I wasn’t lying! See?”
It was a mix of joyous shouting and howls of anger and terror. As it went—Theikha exhaled. It could have been worse. Mrsha, trembling, was patting at Kirne’s head, trying to make sure he was real and she wasn’t dreaming.
“Who’s Mrsha? What are we doing?”
“Gnollpile!”
“No, get off! This is—”
