8.66
Page 20
This was not a moment about them. They were peripheral to the Meeting of Tribes; their entire involvement was due to Mri, and honestly, none of the four were quite sure where they fit.
There was business to be done, but Sellme and the Thief of Clouds were clearly antsy.
“She has so many protectors. I don’t know how it happened. Maybe she’s safe now, Qwera. We’re not even allowed to know what’s going on. Unless you can find out, Vetn?”
The Gnoll [Thief] shrugged.
“I tried. They’re locked up tighter than any tribe. I could get out, but I’d have to make a scene. Something big’s going on, but I’m not interested. You, Tesy?”
“Nope. It’s not like there are any walls to paint on. I could do the grass…but grass grows. What do you think, Qwera?”
The Golden Gnoll rested her chin on her paws. She had risked a lot coming here, and so had Vetn and Tesy. Mrsha probably remembered, but the girl was in the midst of distracting herself.
“Poor child. She’s surrounded by protectors, but where were they when you found her, Vetn?”
“Hrr. That other idiot probably took her away.”
“All these Gnolls can’t stop an arrow. Well, Lehra Ruinstrider might and that [Paragon]…but we’re staying.”
Vetn watched as Tesy chewed on some durian with subdued horror. The Drake looked around brightly.
“Okay then, I’ll see you all later. Vetn, want to head to Oteslia? I hear we might be able to—”
Qwera grabbed both by the shoulders.
“You two. Are staying. Here.”
Both young men looked at Qwera and sighed. However, they had to admit—there was some energy here.
Tesy’s claw itched, and he absently began sketching the sight of Lehra, Gire, Adetr, and Feshi together. Each one a leader in battle in some way—but completely different.
Important Gnolls. Fascinating Gnolls.
Yelroan was positively shy, and he seemed nervous of Mrsha, almost sick to the stomach as she waved at him to sit and eat and told him how Beilmark had stolen his glasses. Yet he did sit, and while he was visibly reluctant, he opened up the instant Gire had asked if he’d figured out ‘sin’. Sine? That was the least of the math to be had!
On the other end, Adetr was trying to draw Emper into a discussion about [Monk] fighting styles while Emper ate the fruits, and Rose was whispering to Gire about all the good eats on Earth. Cers was staring at Suxhel and losing because the Gazer had more eyes to stare at him, and Satar was writing this all down.
Inkar and Tkrn were being disgustingly cute. Ysara sighed.
“What a mix. And here I thought my younger sister was exaggerating about the inn she visited. This is a gathering.”
“Biggest I’ve ever seen.”
Qwera muttered. Ysara raised her brows.
“You think so? It reminds me of when the Five Families gather. You’d see this around Magnolia Reinhart or another influential figure like Tyrion Veltras. Not that they’re ones to emulate. I think it’s good, Qwera. It means they like each other.”
“Like tips the scales, but gold and blood weigh more.”
Qwera quoted a famous adage from the [War Merchants] of Baleros. Ysara smiled.
“You’re too nervous here, Qwera. You got Mri to safety—and the sky hasn’t fallen! Relax! Here. Have some fruit. Do I need to feed it to you with kisses?”
She picked up a durian piece and offered it to Qwera with her lips before the Golden Gnoll flicked it away—and into the back of Feshi’s head.
 
——
 
Mrsha beamed as Feshi looked around, and Qwera instantly pointed at Tesy.
