8.66
Page 24
She loped forwards, and the fifty Gnolls followed her. Adetr grunted, and he began jogging with Steelfur to their rally point.
No! No! A little Gnoll tried to run after Gire, trying to howl, her brown fur covered with tears, and the gold paint on her ears flaking. Rose tried to grab her, but she leapt past Rose and ran after Gire. She would go with her friend!
“Mri! Stop! St—”
Since the camps were in chaos, her usual guards were too few and too slow. Mri ran after Gire and might have vanished—but for a Gnoll who scooped her up and handed the kicking, biting girl back to Rose.
“Thank you!”
Rose grabbed Mrsha with all her strength, ignoring the sobbing, punching girl. She looked at…a Gnoll she had never met before. Prha got tackled again as she tried to reach Mrsha by a Weatherfur Gnoll.
“No problem, Miss.”
The Gnoll tipped his cap to her. He was still a bit puffy-cheeked. Damn allergies. But Ferris watched as Mrsha clung to Rose, sobbing. He scanned the camp and slipped away. By the time Mrsha and Rose realized someone had stuck a letter to her back embossed with Calanfer’s seal—he was gone.
Incidentally, so was Rafaema. And Ferris was only glad he wasn’t around to hear Makhir.
“I’m going to lose my job for this.”
The [Infiltrator] sighed. Then he went to figure out exactly how bad the situation was.
 
——
 
Wall Lord Ilvriss was preparing to go when he was asked for a quick meeting with Hunt Commander Makhir. The Gnoll didn’t beat around the bush.
“My ward is missing. Wall Lady Rafaema. Dragonspeaker Luciva herself considers her safety top priority. I know you’re a Wall Lord of Salazsar, but by our cities, I need you to help me, Wall Lord Ilvriss.”
Ilvriss raised his brows.
“She’s gone? When?”
“This morning. I found her quarters empty and a letter addressed to me. The contents—in brief, she wrote she was looking for something. She didn’t say who or where, but she was speaking to that [Princess]. But she refuses to say anything, and I cannot…persuade her to tell me. If I could force the issue, I would.”
That was as blunt as Manus, but surprisingly aggressive. Makhir looked…Ilvriss eyed him.
Beyond worried. Was he Rafaema’s father, or was she more important? Or was she Luciva’s adopted daughter?
He didn’t know. But the Wall Lord spoke directly to Makhir.
“I wish I could help, Makhir. I can speak to Miss Lyonette. But I am leaving Oteslia.”
Makhir grunted in surprise.
“How?”
“I am being permitted to leave.”
The words were sour, but Ilvriss spoke them. He glanced at the window; Zeres’ army was pulling back.
“Zeres has entered the war against the Meeting of Tribes, and they have brokered a deal. Any foreign dignitaries may leave. Any…Drake dignitaries. Miss Lyonette will have to stay. Perhaps that was how Wall Lady Rafaema left?”
Makhir shook his head instantly.
“She did not go on foot or even horseback. She left with Mivifa herself, via Pegasus. The First Gardener did not order it—I cannot imagine what possessed Adventurer Mivifa. To risk Rafaema’s life…it’s inconceivable.”
Yet he could conceive of a reason. Ilvriss saw Makhir’s eyes flicker.
This has something to do with Cirediel. Xesci said they were unusual. If I could pick this apart…Ilvriss replied, curtly.
“I wish I could help you, but I swear on the walls of Salazsar and my family that I don’t know why this occurred, Hunt Commander. I’m leaving to link up with forces from Salazsar. My house has sent our standing forces along with an army.”
“To join the attack on the Meeting of Tribes?”
