8.67
Page 4
Six hundred feet. A longbow could hit them…maybe, if you were a good shot. Throwing weapons? No chance.
Four of Ekhtouch’s Gnolls had longbows. Tkrn watched as the Gnolls gauged the distance, checked the wind, squinted down the shafts of their arrows, and then Gire hefted her javelin. She barely looked at the enemy.
“Ready? Loose or whatever.”
A military leader she was not. Nor was Ekhtouch. Some had already shot their first arrow, and they didn’t volley, but shot like each one was hunting.
Individualistic perfectionists. Tkrn lost track of the arrows, even Gire’s javelin, the lone throwing weapon among the arrows in the sky. He watched the distant Drakes throwing spears of their own. There was no way—
He blinked as a tiny figure in the distance suddenly clawed at their shoulder and dropped. Suddenly…twenty Drakes fell down, and confusion erupted around them. One of them had a distinctly long-looking shaft of wood stuck in their belly.
Tkrn’s mouth fell open. He turned and saw a tall Gnoll—not Gire’s nine feet, ‘only’ seven and a half—aiming a recurve bow high up.
“Wind…now. [Tracer Shot].”
A glowing arrow sped upwards, creating a glowing arc, what Yelroan would call a parabola, through the sky, and Tkrn saw it fly. Practically floating as the wind blew it straight towards the Gnoll [Archer]’s mark.
The [Markswoman] grunted as it hit a Drake in the helmet. She growled at the others.
“Adjust your aim on that. A third of you missed. Shameful!”
The Ekhtouch Gnolls began adjusting their aim. Tkrn knew the Watch of Liscor didn’t hit targets nearly as far. Two thirds had hit a mark? At that range?
Gire picked up another javelin, calmly peering around.
“Oh, officer.”
Her arm blurred, and her entire body seemed to rotate. She drew back, arching over incredibly far, then seemed to throw her entire form forwards and shift it into a throw, putting all the momentum into one arm.
The javelin vanished. Gire shaded her eyes as a Gnoll handed her another spear instantly. She smiled after fifteen seconds.
“Got him.”
Tkrn’s jaw was so far open he was in danger of swallowing an arrow. And, oh—they were coming. The first Ekhtouch Gnolls snarled as the Drakes realized some highly-skilled enemies were onto them.
“Javelins and arrows! Dodge!”
She flipped out of the way, and the other Ekhtouch Gnolls performed similar displays. One howled in pain, and another grabbed a potion as arrows pattered around them.
“Enchanted arrows! [Interception Fire]!”
A Gnoll swept a bow up. He shot a regular arrow into the sky, and a bloom of fire proved he’d hit a target. Tkrn kept his shield raised, trying to shield Gire’s…lower ribcage and left side. He realized he couldn’t really protect her; she was far too tall!
“Gire! If you need to take cover, get behind me!”
“Thank you, Tkrn. I’m f—”
Gire smiled sidelong at him, then caught something. She inspected an enchanted arrow, the tip frozen solid, and handed it to a Gnoll next to her.
“Javelin.”
She reached out, accepted one, and threw it. She hit her target, Tkrn had no doubt.
What an incredible, ridiculous girl. A [Paragon]. All of them. Ekhtouch kept shooting and hitting their targets. Tkrn watched Gire as the Drakes began to take more notice of her. She was surveying the battlefield, throwing javelins, looking for an opening. Doing all of that at once at her age.
But…he heard her murmuring.
“Three.”
She picked up a javelin, threw it, and was throwing another one when she spoke again.
“Four. I don’t know who they are.”
