8.67
Page 2
Even for Gnolls, who let warriors fight individually, it was a kind of crazy to run away from your group and make yourself a target like that. Even Dekava, who was a seasoned warrior and hunter, was shaking and tense in this battle.
But Tkrn?
He looked at the enemy. Drakes. Poor [Soldiers] following stupid orders. He didn’t see Drakes as the enemy because many were his friends. But they’d kill him, and he’d kill them.
He’d be scared stupid if he had to charge at them. A wall of gleaming spears? Drakes armed with swords in the second rank, teeth shining as they bared them, armored tails lashing? Even with the armor, Tkrn would be so afraid.
At the same time…that was all they had. There were their commanding officers, high-level, a [General] whirling a massive halberd around his head and roaring orders like he was right out of Satar’s storybooks. Zeresian forces, with their light armor they could swim in, ranks of [Javelineers] hurling enchanted weapons, and their swashbuckling infantry. Dangerous, and Tkrn knew that.
But that was all they had. Tkrn didn’t freeze or panic. He could move, even run to Ekhtouch as his boots tromped through soggy grass and splintered arrow shafts, because he’d looked [Terror] in the eyes.
He’d seen two red gemstone eyes in a mask of dead flesh. Smelled rotten flesh so old it had turned into something else, stretched and patched into armor over a beast that commanded undead.
He’d torn through a giant moth with a razor mouth trying to eat his face off as they landed around him. He’d seen the Raskghar devouring his people and led by a fallen Silver-rank adventurer.
He hadn’t done much in those battles, but he’d seen tens of thousands of Goblins break the Goblin Lord’s army, following a white flag and a Human girl. Tkrn was not that brave.
But he could do this.
“Tkrn?”
Gireulashia was surveying the battlefield, a javelin in one paw. She turned to him, and her eyes were wide. She was younger than he was, and she looked like it as Tkrn slowed.
“I’m, uh, here to help. I promised Mrsha I’d be with you.”
Tkrn felt stupid, but Gire looked relieved. The Ekhtouch warriors snorted at his armor, but made room for Tkrn.
“Honored Gireulashia, they haven’t noticed us. What are your orders?”
Tkrn blinked. They were making Gire, a fifteen year-old girl, their leader? It seemed like Ekhtouch truly did obey their hierarchy at all times.
“So many Drakes. I see Adetr there. Feshi and Yerra there. Lehra…there she is.”
Gire looked around, almost as wonderingly as Tkrn. Yet she saw spots in that chaos, pointing a huge paw. Tkrn squinted. He had seen Adetr fighting amongst Steelfur Gnolls. The Drakes were engulfing their push on all sides, but Steelfur refused to fall.
It looked like a thin protrusion in a line at the heart of the battle. Solid Drake lines slightly pushed by Steelfur. On the edges, lines of Drakes held firm, rotating out, falling back only grudgingly as Gnolls charged and retreated.
Where was Feshi? Ah, there. A safe position on one of the hills. Not natural ground; Tkrn eyed the raised mound of dirt. A [Shaman] must have done that. Archers surrounded it, loosing long-ranged shots.
Longstalker’s Fang and Hawkarrow, probably. Gire pointed next at a flash of light. A rapidly-changing area of the battlefield where an entire battalion of Drakes was running back.
Because of the Stargnoll and her team. Stargazer’s Promise fought like adventurers, the four of them driving back ordinary [Soldiers].
