8.67
Page 23
Children were scampering around, getting bored with mashing roots and giving them to [Shamans] to finish, but she bent her little head over her bowl with unusual dedication, though her paw clearly hurt. She kept shaking it out.
Merish could smell Gaarh Marsh’s natural scents, hear laughter from all around him. The sun shone down on the Doombringer, and she had a little shadow. There were even damned butterflies flying past her.
This was all a dream. He was back on 5th Wall, lying in the mud as his blood pooled around him. Half-buried by the corpses of Lizardfolk, Humans, Gnolls, Drakes, and every other species.
The dawn would break soon. Yet the skies that lit up would not turn bright but orange. The skies would become an inferno as magic crashed down. A thin line in the air. A pillar of fire.
A laughing woman in a sky filled with dark wings. 
If that thing died, maybe it would end. Merish heard a murmur in his ears, the faint voice of a Gnoll.
“Shaman Ulcreziek to Chief Warrior Merish. We are ready. We are waiting for you. Team 3. I am waiting on your status. Team 8? Any moment, Merish.”
The Gnoll put a finger on the speaking stone clipped to his ear. He saw some of the Gnoll cubs running around stop playing and look around uncertainly. The little…Doombringer. The girl looked up, sighing through her nose.
So much work. She stretched her arms and looked at the two adults. She edged out of their shadow, and both stepped over. The girl waved a paw at them.
“Sorry, Mri. We’ll just be another moment. I told Rose I’d watch you, remember?”
Two expressive brown eyes rolled upwards in annoyance, and she turned her back to Yelroan as he bent over. Merish was breathing hard.
“Yelroan. Do you know what you’re doing?”
The [Mathematician] looked around, and his sunglasses shone, obscuring his eyes for a moment. But then they gave Merish that look. A piercing glance that rocked Merish to his core.
Yelroan had never looked like that, in his most serious, upset moments. He looked like Commander Cirille or a soldier from 5th Wall. Merish could grab him and just—yank him away. The [Chief Warrior] almost did just that. But what stopped him, what made him so angry, was that look.
More than the calm stare of someone looking death in the eye, it was that other thing. Was that pride Merish saw? Terrified, fluttering, like a shaking butterfly, like the Gnoll’s very knees. Yes. Pride.
A growl emerged from Merish’s throat, scaring the little children, who’d gathered in a huddle. They almost fled, and, abashed, the warrior stopped at once. A [Shaman] eyed him, and Merish felt a little pebble bounce off his arm.
He recoiled, reaching for an axe he didn’t have, and saw the little girl glare at him.
“Stop that.”
The words came from her mouth, and he stared at her. He’d been told she was mute. Was that some trick? The girl looked him up and down haughtily, like she was some kind of [Princess]. Then she waved the other children over.
“Mrsh—Mri. Mri, something’s bad. I think the Drakes are here.”
One of the children whispered to her. The D—Mrsha put down her pestle, ears flicking up. A scared little boy looked around. The Gnoll boy spoke into her ear, and Yelroan and Merish heard the quiet voice.
“My [Dangersense] is going off.”
The little Gnoll girl sat bolt upright. She looked around and then waved at Yelroan. She glanced at Merish and then, to his astonishment, yanked a little wand from her fur. She casually put it next to the mortar and pestle and wrote on a notecard. Merish saw the words as she scribbled with a quill.
