8.67
Page 19
And they had found a way to identify Doombringers as well. Doom slain and a Raskghar captured. Two presents for the Chieftains along with Xherw’s great victory.
How much had he spent? Ulcre didn’t know, but he could admit it was worth the cost. It was on everyone’s lips, his fantastic deeds in battle.
So the [Shaman] did his part. He rented a tent, and Gnolls filed in. They set up with bows. A few even had crossbows. One of the Gnolls peeked out of the hole they cut in the tent and nodded.
“We have a sightline on our entrance, Shaman. Do we have permission to kill Doom the moment we see it?”
“No. Wait for my signal. The other groups are getting into position. The target is in Gaarh Marsh’s camp at the moment; it is imperative Shaman Theikha or other important Gnolls not be harmed.”
“Hrr. Understood.”
Ulcre stepped out of the tent and looked around. He looked up and saw a figure sitting on one of the aerial platforms the [Tumblers] used for their tricks casually adjusting a bow. Another Gnoll in the watchtowers reported in.
“I see the target, [Shaman]. Honored Theikha is very close. I can take the shot.”
Ulcre snapped back.
“You will not. Wait for my signal.”
They wanted this to be done with. The warriors were nervous, afraid of a curse, itching for it, but they knew they had to be perfect.
So they waited as a few more teams got into position. They would not wait for Xherw; he would give the same order in their place. Besides, better to do it now, before more warriors returned.
Weatherfur was guarding the Doombringer. There was no other explanation for it. Four [Guards] were looking around, and the Plain’s Eye warriors had to stay at extreme range to avoid detection.
Were they all compromised? Had Chieftain Torishi lost her sanity, or did she not know? Perhaps she was tricked. The [Shaman] didn’t know, but Ulcreziek would let Xherw make a final decision. This implicated Silverfang, Ekhtouch perhaps…Longstalker’s Fang and Greenpaw too?
Ulcre frowned as he heard someone else report in.
“Shaman Ulcreziek, please wait. There is a complication.”
That voice was familiar. Ulcre frowned.
“I told you to take a rest, Warrior Merish.”
He heard a swallowing sound, then a hushed growl.
“I was. But I had to see—hold, please. Someone is too near the Doombringer. It’s…Yelroan.”
Ulcre looked up sharply. He whirled and saw more Plain’s Eye Gnolls moving into sniping spots. He growled into the speaking stone.
“That fool. He must not have heard. Why is he there? Counting plants or blades of grass? Get him out of there.”
“Yes, Shaman.”
Ulcre tapped his foot, trying not to show any Gnolls walking around that he was waiting. He turned his head, counting how many Gnolls were in their positions. Almost…
It was almost done. Why was everything getting in the way? Perhaps Doom’s own power. Well.
Soon it would be put to better use.
 
——
 
Ferris of Manus felt like his heart was exploding. He had known stress before, like when Rafaema had nearly revealed herself. He had known terror in battle—but never like this.
A Dragon was going to die. If that child died—Cire of Oteslia died.
That was the bargain. It was not Rafaema—but it was one half of their future.
He saw Plain’s Eye moving into position. The [Infiltrator] was a single weapon sent by Rafaema in a game of spy-versus-spy. Killer versus killer. They didn’t know he was here, but he was outnumbered. Outmatched.
He had a number of tools he had never needed to use in Liscor on surveillance. The [Infiltrator] used them now. If they found a spy from Manus—he might die. But if Cirediel of Oteslia died…
