8.67
Page 16
Another Kheltian warrior rose. This time—they didn’t assail the enemy from the front. They appeared among Drakes in the back lines and began to dice them apart. Even if they didn’t kill them all—the ranged formations turned into chaos, and Drakes had to fall back and save their comrades.
Chaos in the army. Feshi’s teeth were bared, and Inkar’s hair was blowing into her eyes, but she didn’t care. This was how you did it, Venaz. She was the first of the three students to use her blade properly. Then Feshi saw her plans come to fruition and pointed.
“They’re onto us! We have to run!”
“Where?”
They were behind Drake lines. Feshi just pointed. 
“There!”
 
——
 
Adetr Steelfur crashed into the [Javelineers] surrounding Gire with a roar. Steelfur, Ruinstrider, and Ekhtouch warriors followed him into the breach, and someone shouted.
“In the name of the City of Stars!”
“Ah, wonderful.”
The Drake [Mage], Belini, turned as Stargazer’s Promise came to Gire’s rescue along with the others. The [Paragon] stumbled back, fur scorched, reaching for a potion to finally heal as Tkrn looked around. Elgrinna charged past him.
“Don’t stop fighting, you idiot! [Impact Headbutt]!”
She smashed her helmet with one of those spikes on top into a Drake’s groin. A male Drake; you had to know the weak spots. Tkrn followed her, shield still raised, and Belini took aim at Adetr.
“[Shatterbolt].”
He had to kill one of them. The magic flew towards Adetr—then splintered as it met a wooden staff.
“…That’s not how the spell works.”
The [Battlemage] looked at his opponent. Emper bowed his head slightly as he advanced.
“[Spellbreaker Staff].”
“Huh.”
Anti-mage classes and Skills. The magus stepped backwards and looked for the [Major]. He was down. Lehra had just run him through. Belini cursed.
“Command—fall back! Fighting retreat! [Haste].”
He turned and ran. Emper didn’t try to strike him from behind, not that it would have worked. Magus Grimalkin had taught his students well. Shield-spells were meant to be cast forwards and backwards.
The battlefield was changing. The Drakes were in disorder, their tidy formations disrupted. And as Gire caught her breath, Adetr turned—took a blade to the chest—and went down howling.
“You will not get away, Stargnoll!”
The [General] charged straight at Lehra. His halberd rose—and Gire grabbed it with her two paws.
The two giant warriors wrestled for it. The Drake’s eyes bulged as Lehra whirled, but Gire already had her opponent’s weapon, and the [General]…couldn’t…
Snarling, he let go of the halberd and drew a sword.
[Flash Unsheathe]! It sprang into his claw, and he aimed at the Gnoll in his way.
“[Tempest Impaler]!”
He launched towards her, all the fury of a storm behind the single stab to her heart.
The Skill went through armor and flesh and bone. The Drake [General] came to a standstill and looked at the halberd which had gone through his chest. It was his Skill.
She’d just been faster.
[Superiority Made Manifest]. Gire lowered the halberd with a shaking paw as the [General] tried to cut her. He slashed, walking onto the blade and his halberd. She’d gone through his heart—but he was alive. He reached for her, and she drew a fist—
“Back. He won’t die for a bit.”
Adetr yanked Gire away. He looked around as a horn blew.
The [General]’s death was like a physical ripple; his Skills vanished, and the lines began to waver. The Drake kept moving, spitting blood out of his filled lungs, but the Gnolls heard a voice shouting and turned. They saw Feshi and Inkar joining them and fell backwards.
