8.67
Page 20
He loaded the blowpipe, a short tube that looked more like a straw. Enchanted to make the projectiles fire with perfect range and accuracy. He took aim, lifted the straw out of his cup as if he’d found something nasty like a bug, and puffed.
His aim was true. Across the distance, in a camp with colorfully-painted Gnolls, someone swore.
“Gah! What was—”
A Gnoll woman clapped her paw to her neck with a roar of pain as people looked up briefly. That had definitely hurt. Ferris lowered the straw and strode off as the Weatherfur Gnoll grabbed at whatever had just stung her.
Weatherfur? Oh, yes. She yanked out the tiny, unpoisoned dart and whirled. She was about to howl an alarm when she realized she wasn’t dying. And that the dart had something attached to it.
They are going after the Doombringer. Plain’s Eye. She’s in the Gaarh Marsh tribe. Move.
Her head snapped up. The Weatherfur Gnoll put two fingers in her mouth and whistled, suddenly alert.
Caution to the wind. He had to move as fast as he could. Plain’s Eye were not slouches. Ferris was sweating as he walked towards the first tent with a view on Gaarh Marsh. Buy them time. Buy them time.
He tossed the cup and drink aside, and someone snorted at him.
“Littering. Pick that up.”
“Sorry.”
Ferris turned to the affronted Gnoll and smiled. He walked away, and the Gnoll bent down to recover the cup, cursing him. Ferris sidled around the tent, listening hard.
[Shadow Presence]. He could tell they were inside. They were good; quiet as mice. But Ferris had a pair of [Detect Life] spectacles.
And they were locked onto their target. They didn’t sense him as he calmly and carefully produced a wrapped bottle from his bag of holding. Hurry. Ferris pulled out a shortsword in his other paw and took a breath.
He might already be too late. What were they angry about? Someone in the way? Good.
He tossed the jar into the tent, and the whumph of oxygen and sound vanishing into a void was muffled. Ferris deployed the [Silence] spell and counted, waiting for the void spell to end.
“…four…five…[Shadowstep]!”
The Gnoll leapt into the tent, blade swinging. He was thinking one thing and one thing only.
My life for Manus. 
My life for Dragons.
 
——
 
Chief Warrior Merish was only half-listening to the Doom Slayers that Ulcre had organized, getting into position and reporting in.
He had been told to stay away. That his job was done. That he’d done his best.
Like 5th Wall. He’d done his best, and his best was just that he ended up surviving.
Nothing made sense after 5th Wall. How could a monster like that half-Elf exist? Merish felt like his reality was coming apart at the seams, sometimes. Like everything after that night was a bad dream.
This felt like it most of all. Not just the Doombringer suddenly appearing or the Raskghar…this.
What was going on? Merish strode into the Gaarh Marsh camp as one of the [Guards] waved the Plain’s Eye warrior in.
“We’re gathering herbs today, Chief Warrior. You’re welcome to pick whatever you want. The children are mixing up poultices for the warriors, yes?”
That was the activity that had carried the little girl called ‘Mrsha’, the Doombringer, here. She was running around with the other children, picking healing herbs so Gire could have medicine if she was hurt.
That was her name, according to the Raskghar. Ulcre had identified her as ‘Mri’. Merish didn’t care. She’d be dead soon.
Doom didn’t have names. Doombringers had to die. It had been instilled in him and all of Plain’s Eye from the time they were cubs.
So why…
