8.67
Page 13
But that wasn’t how you took an enemy down. Her dagger was being misused. There was no coordination. Lehra and her tribe fought. Silverfangs fought—but they didn’t coordinate. They didn’t know the other tribes, even Silverfang and Ekhtouch who’d been together for months!
They needed—
A crazy idea came to Feshi as she looked up. She started away from the war table.
“Yerra—I need you to take over command of the entire battle for the two of us. Can you do it?”
The Selphid spun. She hesitated—then saw Feshi’s face.
“You have a plan?”
“Just like the Games at Daquin. Except this time—I’ll win.”
Feshi looked around. Yerranola chewed at her lip.
“Is this Umina stupid or Venaz stupid, Feshi?”
“Both.”
The two friends looked at each other, and Yerranola nodded after one eternal moment. If only it could have been immortal.
“Then go!”
Feshi ran. She shouted at the young woman.
“Inkar! I need your help!”
The young woman turned, and Feshi leapt into the saddle. She spoke into the speaking stone as Lehra was tossed around like a ragdoll by the enemy commander. The only thing saving her was her armor. Feshi needed someone to respond now. So she named the only person she could, who could move like she wanted.
“Adetr Steelfur. Fall back!”
“I’m busy!”
The Gnoll snarled at her. Feshi shouted over him.
“Lehra is about to die! Get to her!”
“Lehra—?”
 
——
 
Across the battlefield, a [Battle Seeker] and [Vanguard of Metal] broke out of his battle haze. He looked around and saw the struggling Named Adventurer.
But he had to hold here! Steelfur’s Gnolls were fighting and dying and…Adetr looked at Lehra. The same Gnoll who ate too much crab, was fairly thoughtless, rude at times, and—
“Aargh! Fur lice! Steelfur! With me!”
Gnolls turned as their battle-hungry leader broke away from the fighting and retreated. Adetr ran, building up speed and ignoring the spears and arrows bouncing off his fur. Steelfur Gnolls followed as he saw multiple Drake formations encircling the cut-off team of adventurers and Ruinstrider Gnolls.
The Drakes didn’t want anyone saving Lehra. So Adetr ran. He charged across the muddy ground straight at a line of Drakes.
“Gnoll incoming! Brace! Brace.”
An officer saw Adetr coming and waited for him to be cut down. An [Archer] placed with her command raised their bow.
“[Piercing Arrow]—got him! Huh?”
An arrow struck Adetr in the shoulder and lodged—about an inch deep. He snarled. That hurt! And he kept charging.
“Hold them back! [Spearwall Formation]!”
“[Reckless Advance]! [Ram’s Spearhead Formation]!”
“Huh?”
Two Skills met one. And it was rather like rock-paper-knife-spell. You could have an advantageous formation beat one not designed to stop it. Or just be higher-level.
Adetr was both. He broke through the first line of spears as they failed to stop him. Steelfur Gnolls followed him into a wedge that pierced the Drake formation. He saw the officer draw her sword with a ringing flash of steel.
“Drakes do not run! Hold your ground!”
She swung at him as he charged at her and—missed. Adetr ran past her, shoulder-checking two Drakes to the ground. The officer blinked.
“Huh?”
Adetr just ran through the Drakes, knocking anyone in his way flat. They were so surprised that they failed to slow him down. He scattered the last guards with one shoulder-charge and found himself face-to-face with a bodyguard.
“Rear attack!”
The Drake slashed across Adetr’s face. The blade was enchanted, so it cut Adetr, drawing blood. The Gnoll howled. He buried an axe in a chest as another blade cut him again, and the Drake died. But he was wounded badly.
