8.67
Page 24
Stay behind me, everyone. I’ll protect you this time.
This time. Merish felt an unexpected taste of bile in his mouth. How dare she say that? Like—like she was a warrior. She looked around, and he saw her protectively motioning the others around her.
Doom.
“What do you see, Merish? Have you gone blind? I’m wearing sunglasses, but I know what I see.”
Yelroan quietly prompted his friend. Merish looked at him and took a step back.
“Stop it. Stop it—do you think everything we’ve done is wrong?”
His voice was shaking, but his friend didn’t let him go for once. Yelroan’s own voice was harsh. Trembling with stress, yet contained in a whisper for only the two of them.
“Maybe. Or maybe we’ve been only partly right. Look at me, Merish. Do you think this is right? Stop blindly following orders and look at me.”
The children stared up at Merish. One recognized his markings and ran over. She tugged at his leg, and he nearly kicked her.
“Chief Warrior? I think something bad is going to happen. Do you have a weapon? We should tell the [Shamans], Mri.”
The little girl was nodding importantly. Merish saw a little face looking up at him and hesitated.
“I—I don’t have a weapon. I’m sure you’ll be safe.”
She shook her head. The little Gnoll from the Stone Spears tribe gazed up at Merish and clearly spoke.
“No, we’re not. You don’t believe me, but I know we’re not safe. We were attacked by the Goblin Lord. Something bad is going to happen. Please, get a weapon. Please.”
There was a look of mortal terror in her eyes. Merish gazed down at her dumbly. The Goblin Lord? She’d survived…?
There was a kindred spirit in the little [Survivor]’s eyes. She gestured at the others.
“Please? No one’s listening. Mister Yelroan, can you get a Chieftain?”
Yelroan knelt down, blocking Mrsha from one side. He smiled at the Stone Spears child.
“I’ll let the [Guards] know in a moment. Or Merish can. I need to stand here, though.”
Mrsha frowned at him. She wrote on a card and then looked up at Chief Warrior Merish. Slowly, her eyes focused on something Merish was wearing.
His armor had the insignia of his tribe. Along with other decorations—there was a white eye, stylized and drawn onto his shoulder-guard. The warrior saw her gaze lock onto it, and then her head swiveled to Yelroan.
She recognized him instantly, somehow. Merish saw her eyes go wide, and Yelroan’s own gaze flickered to her. She looked at him—at Merish—
Then the most terrible calm passed over her face. Her tense body went limp. She crossed out what she’d been writing and handed a card to the other children. They read it, sounding out the words.
“Go…tell Shaman Theikha? Go to her and be safe. Are you sure, Mri?”
She nodded, never taking her eyes off Merish. The children hesitated, but obeyed as she tossed the contents of her bowl at them. Slowly, the Doombringer, Mrsha, rose to her feet. She stood on her two legs and faced Merish.
By now, the Weatherfur guards had noticed something was wrong. A little Gnoll girl tugging on their legs and telling them she sensed something added to their own instincts. They were speaking into their own stones, alarmed.
“We are running out of time! Weatherfur’s Gnolls are moving towards the camp now! Merish! Team 5! Come in! Team 8! Team 9!”
Ulcre was shouting in Merish’s ear. The warrior barely heard him. He watched as the little girl stood up, facing him. She met Merish’s eyes, defiantly, and spread her arms. Then slapped her chest with one paw.
Here I am.
Merish couldn’t breathe. He felt like someone was choking him. Yelroan put a paw out, and Mrsha looked up at him.
