8.67
Page 28
Judgment. Passed and executed by the protector of Gaarh Marsh.
Then he spoke. And it was the one word that mattered, that set the mystery ablaze in Satar’s mind. The one clue she needed that proved it was all connected. Such a simple thing. A little lie that had been put in Gnoll minds like poison. Twisting the truth.
One word, that made Theikha close her eyes and weep for all Gnolls had forgotten. That struck Merish with the weight of what he had done. That began to shatter the illusion woven over them all.
A name for the girl. The white Gnoll.
Khoteizetrough said:
 
“Doombearer.”
 
And the world changed.
 
——
 
Chieftain Xherw returned from his great victory to find the Meeting of Tribes changed forever. Shaman Ulcreziek came to meet him with some simple facts.
“Yelroan has betrayed us. I found a Doombringer and could not kill it. And…the tribes have split.”
The entire Meeting of Tribes had changed. Once, there had been a vast camp, sprawling and encircled. Now?
Plain’s Eye and tribes affiliated with them gathered on one side, warriors holding bows and weapons. Facing the Gnolls on the other across a neutral ground.
Silverfang, Ekhtouch, Longstalker’s Fang, Greenpaw, Demas Metal…and Gaarh Marsh were the ones on the other side. Every other tribe was wavering, caught in the middle.
Over her.
A Doombringer, fur white, listening to the shouting, warded by lines of Weatherfur guards, Silverfangs looking uncertainly at Akrisa as she and Krshia stood in front of Mrsha. But no Gnoll protested because Shaman Theikha stood, staff raised, protecting the girl with a [Mathematician] posing with his sunglasses.
And…Khoteizetrough. The Earth Elemental sat, having killed almost every Plain’s Eye Gnoll nearby. Face set with fury.
“Doombearer.”
Xherw’s blood chilled at the word that had echoed across the Great Plains. The old word for white fur. He looked at Ulcreziek.
It was all falling apart. All the sacrifices, the safeguards that had kept their kind safe—Plain’s Eye was uncertain, but Xherw knew what would come next.
“The Meeting of Chieftains is called. Every Chieftain must attend. Chieftain—”
Ulcre looked pale and sick. Even uncertain? Him?
Xherw shook his head.
“It is time for a reckoning of our people. Hold firm, Ulcre. I will speak to every Chieftain who is uncertain. We must win this. With me.”
He looked around and saw Chief Warrior Merish lingering on the edges of camp. Looking as uncertain as all. Xherw turned as the Meeting of Tribes came to a close. The King of Destruction, the future of their people, retribution for Fissival’s deeds, war—it all boiled down to a simple, final question which divided them.
White fur. The first blood of Gnolls had been shed by other Gnolls.
Xherw feared…no, he knew that more would soon follow.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: This is possibly the shortest chapter of Volume 8 by far, and the longest chapter of like, Volume 2-4.
How things change. When you first met Mrsha or Krshia, did you think they’d end up here with a giant Earth Elemental with an unpronounceable name telling people they’d forgotten their etymology?
Well, this is an ending point. I could add more, but nothing is as narratively fitting as this, for now. And I’m going to rest up, so I’d rather make it a clean cut than messy. On that note, please consider filling out that survey! There’s important questions there like finding people to help on unnamed TWI-projects! Or just letting me know where you all are. Are my analytics bad?
