8.67
Page 25
“Don’t worry, Mrsha. He’s not going to hurt you. You know where to go? Stay behind Theikha. I think she’ll keep you safe.”
The Great Shaman of the Tribes had noticed the commotion as children clustered around her. She looked around, visibly confused—but her eyes locked onto Mrsha. Mrsha—and Merish.
She knew too. Yelroan was blocking Merish’s way. Ever-so-slightly, tensed.
“Merish. Merish…go home. Go to Khaze. You don’t have to do anything.”
Merish had to force each word out of his chest. He felt he didn’t have the breath for what he wanted to say, but he had to speak.
“Viri and you. Both of you. What’s wrong with you two?”
Yelroan took a slight breath. His paws slowly took off his glasses, and he tossed them down. He looked at Merish, and his voice trembled with sadness.
“Merish. I love you like a brother. You were a hero before you left for Rhir. I don’t know what happened to you there, but you were hurt. But the same good Gnoll I always knew. This is the only time I’ve ever thought something was off about you. Something truly wrong. Don’t do this. This is the greatest mistake you’ll ever make. You see it too, don’t you? Walk away.”
The [Warrior] couldn’t say anything. He was hyperventilating. Ulcre’s voice was a roar.
“Merish, grab him if you have to! Squad 4—”
A voice broke over the [Communication] spell at last, a desperate howl. Every hair on Merish’s body rose as Mrsha, Merish, and Yelroan all heard the panicked shout coming from the speaking stone.
“Shaman Ulcre! We’re under attack! Someone is ambushing our teams!”
“Who? Weatherfur?”
“No! [Maids]—”
A ghastly scream cut off the voice. Merish blinked. Then he heard Ulcre shout.
“Anyone with a target, avoid Merish and Yelroan and Theikha! Open fire!”
Everything happened at once. A shadow fell over Mrsha, Yelroan, and Merish. Yelroan leapt to cover Mrsha—and Merish tackled him to the ground.
“No!”
The [Mathematician] struggled as Mrsha froze, staring up. The Weatherfur [Guards] shouted in alarm.
“Assassins! [Counterfire]!”
A Gnoll raised his bow and loosed an arrow—it exploded in midair as it hit a projectile flying down. Shaman Theikha lifted her staff.
“What is going on? Stop! This—”
Then she also froze. Mrsha gasped as an arrow struck the ground next to her right foot. She flinched and looked around for somewhere to run.
A babble of voices broke out. A Gnoll was attacking the attack teams. There were [Maids] ambushing other groups! But Gnolls had a bead on the Doombringer.
The one on the tower took aim at Mrsha, and an arrow struck him from the side. Weatherfur’s Gnolls. Ulcre himself was charging for the Gaarh Marsh camp as Weatherfur’s tribe charged through the Meeting of Tribes, howling an alarm.
Gaarh Marsh’s Gnolls had no idea what was going on. They spread out, shouting about Drake [Assassins]. More arrows were streaking towards Mrsha, but they missed.
A group of Plain’s Eye Gnolls forced their way through one of the entrances to the Gaarh Marsh grounds. They sank to one knee, and Merish looked up. Yelroan shouted.
Crossbows. They took aim at Mrsha, and Merish let go of Yelroan. He turned to the little girl, frozen in place. Merish leapt—
And hit the ground face-first. He tumbled and felt no blossom of pain in his chest. He heard no click, no thunk of arrows meeting anyone’s flesh. He rolled over to get up again and realized Ulcre had stopped.
Theikha had frozen mid-spell. Mrsha hadn’t moved. Even the Plain’s Eye Gnolls had gone still, heads raised, mouths open in awe.
