8.67
Page 14
So Adetr slapped a spot on his shoulder and heard the crunch as a healing potion—or rather, the pocket of healing potions sewn into the lining of his clothing there—broke and splashed against his fur. Far faster than drinking it. Now, what had Feshi said? He didn’t like anyone but Iraz giving him orders, but…
The Drake [General] had Lehra captured—ironically by stepping on the tail-part of her armor. She was on the verge of being run through when he saw Adetr coming for him.
“Hm.”
He whirled his halberd, slashed at Adetr, and the Gnoll half-parried the blow. He took the cut to his chest and snarled. The howl of pain wasn’t mortal, though.
“Steelfur.”
The [General] went for another cut—blocked a slash from Adetr across his halberd—and saw the Gnoll leap into a tackle. The [General] pivoted, halberd raised—and missed.
Mainly because Adetr was out of range. He tackled Lehra, taking her in the stomach.
“Oof—what are you—”
All the air rushed out of Lehra’s lungs. She felt Adetr charging with her on one shoulder.
“Wait! There’s a Skill!”
“Yep.”
Then Adetr slammed Lehra into the [General]’s Skill. Adetr didn’t have a scale, and he’d broken the ones on Earth, but Rose had guessed he might weigh over four hundred pounds. He could still run as fast as any ordinary [Soldier], and he was carrying Lehra on his shoulder. And they both had armor.
Yelroan could calculate how hard Lehra hit the barrier. Adetr could tell Yelroan how many of her ribs he broke. Five.
Maybe they were just cracks. But they went through the Skill as Lehra gagged in pain. And she lived.
“Go! Steelfur, fall back with Ruinstrider!”
The Gnolls broke away as the [General]’s Skill faded. He tried to pursue, but Adetr kept running.
“Let go—I’ve got to—”
“Shut up. Feshi sent me. She needs us. Gire’s in trouble.”
“I—Gire?”
Lehra gulped down a potion. Suxhel, Emper, and Elgrinna looked at Adetr, transitioning from disaster to emergency. Adetr amended his statement.
“And Tkrn. But he might already be dead. Come on!”
It wasn’t a perfect strategy. But it was Feshi’s answer to the Selphid’s Dilemma. If she couldn’t move tribes—she’d move friends.
 
——
 
Tkrn blew his whistle. The [Guardsman]’s shrill whistle pierced the air and poked a red-hot needle into your brain, especially up close.
“Someone shut that Gnoll up!”
A weapon bounced off his armor. But Tkrn kept blowing—and guarding Gire’s back.
She was taking on six soldiers at the same time, her paws a blur as they moved left, right—she tossed up a hatchet, caught a blade with her fingers, yanked it out of a hand, tossed it, caught the hatchet, threw it—and maneuvered left. Her long arms meant that she could reach out and tickle someone with a blade in their eyes.
But she was alive because Tkrn was there. His shield was raised, covering the broad side of her back.
And he was still a [Guardsman]. He used [Fast Leg Sweep] and tripped a [Soldier] up. He wasn’t a good killer—but he was used to bar brawls and tripping up people, holding a point. And blowing the whistle.
“It’s not all-clear! Ignore the damn whistle!”
Funny thing—Watch patrols used the same whistle-signals since Drake cities standardized for efficiency, and [Soldiers] could hear whistle-commands.
But the main thing was the Demas Metal. Like a lesser version of the Cloak of Plenty, the rainwater—and blood—coated both armor and sword. In the armor’s case, it made it thicker. In the sword’s case, it gave Tkrn a longer range and wider blade. And it was still light, balanced and—
