8.67
Page 8
This was why the Professor told her never to rely on them! Worse, she knew Lehra had been sucked up into her mindset. If she could take out the enemy [General]…
But that was a gamble. It appealed to Lehra’s pride as a warrior, but Feshi didn’t like gambling. She knew that Lehra was a certified Named Adventurer. But she’d been Bronze-rank or barely Silver when she found the Blade of Mershi.
If she were the Drake commander, she’d bet on that [General], a seasoned warrior, killing her. Now she had to bail Lehra out of the fighting. Feshi looked around. She checked her dagger and spoke.
“I summon a warrior of Khelt! By my blade—protect the Stargnoll! Arise and fight!”
Outside of the tent, twenty feet away, a portal opened, and an undead Drake arose, holding twin daggers. It raced down the hill to throw itself into the fighting.
Am I wasting the undead? I’m not being optimal, but they’re not listening! Feshi’s mind raced as she heard shouting from Yerranola.
“Fall back, Hawkarrow! Fall—I think Chieftain Eitha’s down.”
She raised her head, and Gnolls cursed and turned. Feshi switched over to that side of the battle and saw a Gnoll with a giant crossbow clawing at an arrow in her leg as Drakes raced towards her. Hawkarrow’s Gnolls were trying to get her up, but they were running from the cavalry charge.
“Someone get Chieftain Eitha!”
Feshi shouted. She saw a desperate stand as the Gnoll Chieftain’s tribe tried to put themselves in the way of the charging Drakes.
Even another Silver-rank team. But would they make it? The Drakes were aiming at Eitha, no one else.
 
——
 
“Chieftain Eitha! Get up!”
Nailren was loosing arrows as The Pride of Kelia and Hawkarrow’s archers tried to shoot the armored Drakes off their horses. His arrows glanced off the armored horses. He didn’t want to kill them, but he was trying to hit them in the eyes—but they had blinker hoods on.
The Pride of Kelia, a Silver-rank team that had been around Liscor, had joined the fighting for their homeland. More Gnolls were bracing with Nailren’s team, but they were too slow. Gnolls carrying her on foot couldn’t stop that charge.
The Silver-rank team had come back for the famous Meeting of Tribes after struggling against Liscor’s dungeon and then the disastrous raid on the Village of the Dead with another team. They had arrived just in time for the war.
A sound like thunder. One of the horses and riders went down as a crossbow bolt pierced through both. Eitha lowered the crossbow, panting.
“Leave me! That is an order! Run!”
Hawkarrow’s warriors looked at the [Riders] and ran. Nailren wanted to stay, but he knew his team couldn’t hold the gap. If only Gold-rank teams were here—
“Chieftain! Chieftain!”
Gnolls were howling as Eitha tossed aside her crossbow, unable to reload it with her Skill so soon. She drew a pair of pocket-crossbows and waited for point-blank range, teeth bared. The enchanted arrow in her leg refused to be healed or come out. An Anchoring Arrow, courtesy of Zeres. It wasn’t poisoned or as deadly…but it left her weakened.
Gnolls on horseback were pursuing the charging Drakes, but the Drakes had lowered lances, aiming for Eitha. Nailren turned back as a terrible howl arose. He looked up as something huge thundered by him. A foot nearly booted him in the face. Nailren blinked as someone rode past him, bursting through Hawkarrow’s lines. But…
Was that a Human?
