8.67
Page 21
Why did that Gnoll with blonde fur and two obnoxious sunglasses stand there, posing like some kind of Drathian [Ninja] or whatever [Soldiers] from Baleros had gossiped about? One foot held against the other leg, arms outstretched in a ‘Y’ symbol as children laughed at him?
He was even smiling. Merish’s friend, Yelroan, stood there, next to the Doombringer as she tugged on a stubborn root with Shaman Theikha watching indulgently.
All were gathered in the shadow of the Earth Elemental. One of the guardians of wisdom and the oldest ways of all. Merish wondered why it didn’t sense the Doombringer, why it didn’t kill her.
Perhaps it left that to the Plain’s Eye tribe. And they were ready. But for Yelroan. Merish was terrified Ulcre would order them to fire.
He strode across the peaty ground towards Yelroan. The [Mathematician] could have been there by chance; everyone assumed he did almost everything because of his weird class. But Merish knew Yelroan was deliberate. Why was he here?
He had surely heard about the Doom Slayers; he was Yelroan. Did he want to watch?
Why was he so close? Merish’s brain offered the most logical conclusion, but the rest of him ignored it.
He was following the Doombringer around. When she scampered off, Yelroan followed her and did another pose.
“Are you going to help or pose there all day, [Mathematician] Yelroan?”
One of the Gaarh Marsh Gnolls teased him. The Gnoll replied with a quick smile.
“I like posing. I’m advertising how cool my class is. Anyone want to hear a math joke?”
Yelroan adjusted his sunglasses and blinded everyone for a second.
“My eyes! Get that idiot out of there! He’s fouling our sight lines, Merish!”
Ulcre shouted in Merish’s earpiece. The warrior quickened his stride. He slowed, hair raising as he saw the Doombringer helping mash the roots she’d pulled up. She barely took notice of him as he came to a stop.
“Yelroan. There you are. Come with me.”
That was all Merish blurted out. He didn’t have a cover story or an excuse. He reached out for Yelroan, and the [Mathematician] turned. He blinked at Merish.
“Merish?”
The two locked eyes, and Merish felt a slight shock run through his body. He saw Yelroan’s brown eyes lock on his behind his stupid sunglasses.
Yelroan was surprised to see him here, but those eyes were so calm and focused. He glanced at Mrsha and then Merish.
“I’m a bit busy spreading the joys of math to the world, Merish.”
“What? No. Come with me. What are you doing?”
Merish saw Yelroan sidle over to Mrsha, and his stomach lurched. He saw Yelroan looking at Merish and then around the bustling Gaarh Marsh tribe. He turned back to Merish, and his eyes blinked once.
“Is something wrong, Merish? It’s my day off. Have we won the battles in the north? I hope Chieftain Xherw is well. If I’m needed, I’ll go, of course. But otherwise…I like counting how many healing plants Gaarh Marsh harvests in an hour. It’s soothing.”
A [Mathematician]’s prattle. To most, Yelroan probably sounded relaxed and energetic. Merish looked at his friend, and the truth couldn’t be pushed away any longer.
Yelroan stood right there, in front of the Doombringer. Watching Merish. He didn’t say…anything. But he knew.
He was waiting. Merish’s eyes widened. He choked down a snarl. Then stood there, as if he’d been poleaxed.
It wasn’t just mad talk. He meant it. He—he knew. Had he known before Ulcre? He knew, and he stood there.
