8.67
Page 22
The two friends looked at each other. Merish took a step forwards, ignoring the chatter in his earpiece. Ulcre was cursing Yelroan, getting the Doom Slayers to check in, advising them to wait until—
“What is wrong with you? Yelroan. Have you gone mad?”
The children and the Doombringer looked up as the two adults faced each other. Yelroan’s fingers trembled as he adjusted his sunglasses.
“Have you, Merish? Honestly. If you have to ask…it’s not a hard equation. Put two and two together.”
He gave Merish a defiant look, balling his other paw up into a fist. Yelroan kept adjusting his stance, shifting. Looking past Merish, but clearly—not seeing what he knew was there.
His knees were shaking. So was his voice, ever-so-slightly.
“Come with me. You don’t know what you’re doing. I don’t know what’s come over you.”
Merish reached for Yelroan, and the [Mathematician] slapped his paw down. His voice was still light, but there was an edge to it, an undercurrent of that terrible tension.
“Merish, I know exactly what I’m doing. I’d prefer not to be here, believe me. But if it were a choice between not being here and…I have to be. Does that make sense?”
No.
A little Gnoll handed him a notecard, and both Gnolls stared down at it. Merish’s fur rose as Yelroan accepted the card, read it, and laughed. He laughed at…Doom. Then he looked up to Merish.
“You see?”
Merish couldn’t.
“How? You know exactly what we have to do.”
His voice choked back a shout, the urge to shake Yelroan. He couldn’t cause a scene. Yelroan tilted his head slightly.
“Do we? Look, Merish. What do you see? I see a bunch of kids helping make healing poultices. What do you…see?”
Their light conversation was being ignored by everyone, children, the [Shamans], and the Weatherfur guards who were loitering, spread out, on watch for other threats. Some eyed Merish, but he was unarmed.
Yelroan had a bright smile playing on his lips, like he’d solved some grand equation. Merish shook his head, uncomprehendingly. Like he was speaking to…
A Drake. It reminded him of 5th Wall. Meeting people and not getting them. But this…they were from the same tribe. Yelroan knew what was right.
“You know—everything we’ve been taught, Yelroan. All of it? Are you just going to ignore everything? You didn’t explain it to me. You must be sick. How can you turn your back on it all? Just like that? So quickly?”
Yelroan looked at Merish, brows raised high with disbelief. He looked down at a little head bent over her work, slamming a pestle into the wooden bowl as hard as she could.
“So quickly, Merish? It should just take a second. One second. It took me a few hours because I’m a fool. But all I had to do was look and open my eyes. What do you see?”
He nodded downwards, and Merish felt his fur crawl.
Doom. I see…he gritted his teeth, forcing the words out as calmly as he could.
“What do you see, then, Yelroan?”
The Gnoll fiddled with his sunglasses and replied quietly.
“I see the most precociously intelligent child I’ve ever met. Mrsha.”
The little girl glanced up in alarm and kicked Yelroan. Swearing, he grabbed at his shin.
“Mri, sorry. I see…you see that? Is that what you expected, Merish?”
The [Warrior] looked down at an alarmed brown face, who quickly went back to mashing roots. Innocently, like Ikl or Sveha, his sister’s children, when they were keeping a secret.
He felt sick. It was Doom wearing a mask. A child possessed. Yelroan smiled. He bent down and went to ruffle the little girl’s gold-painted ears. She reached up and swatted at his paw with a look of annoyance.
Stop touching me!
