8.67
Page 7
“Yerra—how are we doing? Break and huddle.”
Yerra looked up. Then the Selphid put down her stone and looked at Feshi. The Weatherfur Gnoll was sweating. The battle had barely begun, but she was shaking, sick—
And leading. She hadn’t graduated, but she had already been a [Tactician] when she came to the Professor’s academy. She could do this. But she had to—
Win. And because he had taught her well, Feshi stepped back from commanding to realize something.
“What’s up, Feshi? How do you think we’re doing? The enemy leadership isn’t that good. They’re solid, but not original. I’m not as scared as I would be if Venaz were doing this. Mind you—we’re not winning any awards either. Is that it?”
Feshi growled. Then Yerranola had sensed it too.
“Yes. We’re facing the Selphid’s Dilemma.”
The what? A few other Gnolls coordinating the battle looked up. They were good leaders, who had more practical experience. Feshi and Yerranola, though, had studied terminology and gone academic.
Selphid’s Dilemma was a way of explaining what the two were facing. Which was—a [Strategist] or a [General] or whatever who knew what they wanted and what to do, and who couldn’t make it happen.
Like a Selphid’s own problems with a rotting body. Muscles would degrade, rendering limbs less mobile or useless over time. Hence the nickname.
The Gnoll tribes were not…moving like Feshi wanted them to. They listened, but sometimes they argued or took their time reacting. Had she been leading the Drake army, she’d have done better, but her people were less coordinated. Tactically, they were perfect, but these were disparate tribes!
“We can’t perform sharp maneuvering unless it’s Skill-based, Yerra. And we need something sharp. The Drakes have their back lines well-guarded. We need to break them open, or they’ll win the ranged battle.”
“Agreed. Who are we going to get?”
Feshi snatched up the speaking stone.
“Lehra? I have a mission for you.”
She heard confused shouting and then a calm voice, despite the battle.
“[Spears of Light]. Lehra, you are too far forwards. This is Suxhel. Feshi, what do you need?”
Feshi could see the Named-rank adventurer and her team in her Skill-view, pushing hard towards the center of the fighting. Lehra was scaring the Drakes; she was fighting impressively, but she and Steelfur were useless in the vanguard. Oh, they did damage, but that wasn’t how you won a battle! The Drakes were concentrating their strength there, checking the Gnolls’ best hammers. They had to hit them where they were weak and fold up their army.
“Tell Lehra to fall back! I need you to all regroup. Stargazer’s Promise will fall back, cast [Invisibility], and circle the battlefield. If you have to, go through the [Riders], or you can break through spear lines—get those archers! Throw them into chaos. Do you need more direction?”
Suxhel hesitated.
“I do not. [Barrier of Light]. But Lehra—Lehra! Fall back! Feshi needs you!”
Dimly, Feshi heard a voice roaring back, excited, over the shouting.
“I see the [General], Suxhel! Cover me! I’m going to take him out!”
“No!”
Feshi and Suxhel shouted it at the same time, but it was too late. The Stargnoll went charging towards the Drake with the halberd, who whirled and pointed at her.
“The Stargnoll herself! Thief! Fight me like a Drake!”
“Fight you? I’ll fight you like a Gnoll—ulp!”
The ulp was the halberd hitting Lehra so hard she went crashing back into Emper. Feshi swore as the [General] and his bodyguard engulfed Stargazer’s Promise. Suxhel stopped replying; her team was fighting for their lives.
“Damn! Adventurers!”
