8.67
Page 9
He saw a young woman with colorful, beautifully-woven clothing, wet from the drizzle, standing up in the stirrups, hand extending as she bent down, brown skin glistening with sweat. Eyes wide with desperation.
“Inkarr!”
A voice shouted from one of the speaking stones that Eitha carried. Nailren just shook his head.
Who?
She was riding towards the Drakes. And unarmored, she was faster. Eitha looked up as she fired her crossbows.
“Get back! Not you! Not—”
Inkar swung herself down across her beloved mare’s saddle and grabbed Eitha under her shoulders in an incredible display of coordination and trust. If her mount had bucked or even twisted—
The Gnoll came up, and Inkar almost screamed with the effort of lifting her—but Eitha grabbed onto the saddle and clung, hauling herself onto the back of the horse.
That only left the Drake [Lancers] now aiming at both Inkar and Eitha. The Gnoll scrambled for a weapon, anything! But Inkar was weaponless, and her horse, Flura, was too slow, even if the [Worldly Traveller] had Skills!
The tips of the lances aimed at horse and rider and Eitha. Inkar closed her eyes—and Nailren, waiting for the impact, heard a pop.
She vanished and appeared half a dozen paces left of the [Lancers], who thundered past her in confusion, looked around, tried to turn—and Inkar was racing away.
“Cover that Human!”
Hawkarrow’s tribe cheered and pelted the Drakes with arrows. Nailren shot a Drake through the helmet as Inkar galloped away, covered by Weatherfur [Riders], who swept the Drakes off their saddles with billhooks and other weapons designed for the task. How had she done that? A scroll? Magic? She had to have the timing of a genius or—
Or was it her? The Human so beloved by Longstalker Fang’s [Magical Weaver], Honored Deskie, that she had made the Human a garment herself.
Waisrabbit fur. Inkar rode away from the fighting, white-knuckled, as Gnolls cheered her name.
 
——
 
“Inkar?”
Tkrn nearly screamed into Gire’s speaking stone. What was she doing here? She wasn’t allowed to fight! She’d been arguing with him! But he was a [Guard], and she—
“Quiet. I need to listen.”
Gire covered his mouth with her paw. Ekhtouch had fallen back and were crouching in the grass. One of their [Shamans] had actually cast a spell to make it grow high enough to hide them from the rain of death that had tried to take them out.
It had killed two of Ekhtouch, despite their reflexes. A terrible loss for their tiny tribe. Even now, some were loosing arrows in secret.
Such simple spells. [Grow Grass] was useful. Or rather, [Grassy Meadow]. But still, it was the same basic spell. Who knew?
The same way [Detect Life] could find them here—if you put it on a long-range Skill or enhancement. Tkrn watched the battle with Gire. And he began to see why she was frustrated.
She had tried to take out an officer. She thought logically. The greatest impact Ekhtouch could make was not in decimating the enemy with their paltry numbers, but with taking out dangerous foes.
However, they had failed. And this battle wasn’t going well, for all some people like Inkar were saving valuable lives.
Drakes had [Mages]. They loosed spells with abandon. That was not to say the Gnolls were helpless, but they had only one kind of magic. Collective; there was a limit to how many [Shamans] a tribe could support, and their power was derived from numbers.
The Drakes truly had handicapped their old foes. If Gnolls had an equal number of [Mages] along with their [Shamans]…
But Gnolls had learned long ago to make up for that lack in battle.
“Fireballs! Stay behind me!”
