8.67
Page 27
He had died millenia ago. But earth…nature didn’t die, it just changed. So the elemental had risen from the death of the last, a being of the swamps itself.
Until the last days.
That was what she saw in the being before her. Wisdom and loss. But wisdom of nature. Enemies died. His people he protected. If the swamp died, it would die with him, and he would defend it to the last.
But the world was simple to Khoteizetrough. Rot was not an evil in itself, but what was evil would always be. He did not have the means to counter great and insidious plans. But he saw wrong.
And so he lifted her up. Higher, higher, as a face emerged.
Moss for eyes. Stone teeth, amid a mouth of swampy water. Loam and decayed plants for skin. 
Every Gnoll in the Meeting of Tribes, even the returning armies saw him. That giant, bearing judgment.
 
——
 
Satar Silverfang raced from her tent, hearing the alarms, and saw Mrsha rising higher, caught in the grasp. She heard Qwera moan as the Golden Gnoll came to a stop.
“No, no, no. What is it doing? It’s killed her.”
A white Gnoll’s head rose as the paint Qwera had put on her washed out of her fur. Gnolls pointed up at the tiny figure and shouted.
“Doombringer! Doombringer! Khoteizetrough has found—”
Screaming—but then silence. Everyone watched as the Earth Elemental brought Mrsha to head-height. Satar’s heart was thundering.
 
——
 
Doombringer. Mrsha hated her name.
She had accompanied Satar and Gire because she had to know. Satar’s research into the past, the conspiracy, the lies surrounding magic…her trying to piece together the truth behind Doombringers, it mattered to Mrsha.
But she was so afraid the truth was that she truly was cursed. That she was responsible for all the bad things.
She knew Wer, the other white Gnoll, had told her it wasn’t their fault. That they only harnessed luck, for good or ill. But he didn’t know. If she could really make the world better by leaving, or just by going far, far away…
He knew the answer.
Khoteizetrough looked into Mrsha’s soul, and she saw that massive face begin to move. Slowly, the earth began to shake.
Gnolls fell to their knees. Gaarh Marsh was bowing before their great protector. The world rumbled, and even distant Drake armies halted in uncertainty and fear.
 
——
 
Hundreds of miles away, Dragonspeaker Luciva raised a hand, and Manus halted as they felt the tremor. Then—they heard the voice.
It didn’t merely come from the Meeting of Tribes. It was deafening, overwhelming, because it came from the earth itself. As if every blade of grass had suddenly grown a tongue. It was that kind of voice. Booming, massive—but not because it came from giant lungs.
Because a million voices spoke it in perfect unison. The Oldblood Drake’s blood chilled.
It was just one word. She had no context for it. But the Gnolls did.
 
——
 
Satar Silverfang looked upwards as Khoteizetrough spoke. She gasped and screamed, and her voice was lost in the roar of every Gnoll. In that single word he spoke.
He was no perfect being. Khoteizetrough could not save Gnolls from themselves. He could not defeat the Walled Cities alone. But he could remember. And what he realized, now, in this moment—was that his people, even his tribe, had forgotten.
The little Gnoll girl hung in the air, high overhead, as the elemental’s other hand rose, and his features contorted into an expression of wrath. He looked at Mrsha as that hand fell.
It struck the earth and caused an earthquake. The Doom Slayers of the Plain’s Eye tribe aiming crossbows at Mrsha screamed only once as Khoteizetrough struck them from this world.
