8.67
Page 12
Tkrn skidded to a stop and raised the Eyeshield just in time for it to catch a second bolt of lightning. He felt the current run through him, and every hair stood up under his armor—but that was all.
“Hm. Command, we need backup now.”
The Drake [Mage] winced as he rubbed at a chunk taken out of his shoulder. It was already healing; he’d dodged the axe. A [Mage] dodging an axe?
Tkrn had a bad feeling. Then the [Mage] confirmed it.
“Magus Grimalkin training graduate. Mage Belini. Entering combat.”
He raised his hand, and a sword and shield made out of magic appeared. Gireulashia whirled, and the [Major], his bodyguards, and the [Mage] all attacked. Oh, and Tkrn was there too.
 
——
 
“Gireulashia is in danger.”
Ekhtouch’s frantic report came to Feshi at the same time as she was making sure Chieftain Eitha would live. Inkar was panting and feeding her mare some food as Yerranola scolded and praised her and asked if she would try it again.
She wasn’t the only one in danger. Feshi looked towards the heart of the battlefield and cursed bravado, Lehra’s stupid desire to be a hero, and Named Adventurers in general for not living up to the hype.
She was losing.
The Blade of Mershi shone like a star. The Stargnoll herself was wearing the incredibly powerful armor that resisted even enchanted blades. Her weapon could adapt—but what it couldn’t do was win the fight for Lehra.
The Gnoll had changed it to a halberd to match the Drake [General]. She made the mistake of trying to overpower him. He was taller than her, and her arms shook as she tried to hold him back. Then he headbutted her.
Decades of battle experience! The Drake stepped back to tend to a wound caused to him. His bodyguard rushed into the gap, hammering Lehra.
“[Slam Kick]—”
The Gnoll took a kick, which did nothing to her armor but rattled the Gnoll inside of it. They even knew how to fight enemies with superior armor. She shifted her blade back.
“I can do this—just like the Minotaur—”
She learned, but too slowly. And this was a battlefield, not an adventurer’s story. The only thing that saved her team from being overrun was the undead Kheltian warrior and the Ruinstrider tribe, who were helping defend Stargazer’s Promise.
“Lehra! Back up!”
“I’m trying! I can’t—”
Elgrinna was swearing at Lehra.
“What do you mean, you tall-headed, ceiling-scraping pile of iron scrap? Move back, you idiot, or we’ll all die!”
“I can’t!”
Then her team realized that Lehra was really trying—but the [General] wasn’t letting her. Her back was pressed against something flat.
“[No Retreat, No Quarter]. Face me, Stargnoll.”
The [General] beheaded the Kheltian warrior as it died alone, facing high-level warriors. Feshi felt the loss, guiltily.
What a waste. She knew they were undead and didn’t ‘die’ forever, as they were phantoms. Even so…if they weren’t undead, she would have never used them like this. Not in worthless battles.
It was as if the dagger were…speaking to her. Her paws whitened on the table as she saw Gire charging the enemy.
“All wrong. All wrong!”
“It’s not insane, Venaz does it. They’re all Venazes, though—and the Professor says—”
Yerra was gripping at her hair, tearing the dead follicles out of her Human body for today. Feshi half-listened.
The Professor always reprimanded Venaz. Not because he put himself in danger or thought he could change a battlefield with his own two fists. Niers always reprimanded Venaz because he was predictable. He liked to make it a battle where his best met the enemy’s best—and his best won, of course.
