8.67
Page 26
A shadow crossed over the world, blotting out the sky and clouds. Merish, on his back, looked up as a hill moved. A cascading face of mud and branches, even parts of trees, a bog come to life, a towering figure of mud.
Not Golem. Nor Giant. Something that was not delicately made, never created by any hands, nor even alive like a Giant. Earth given sentience.
An Earth Elemental. It looked like a huge mound of earth that sprouted arms when it was still. Now, it rose, and the earth itself shuddered as Gaarh Marsh’s tribe went still.
Two eyes appeared, so vast that Merish could have run around on them, horizontal slits of moss that grew and blossomed before Merish’s very eyes. With each second of movement, plant matter grew and decayed and rotted. The very earth blossomed and grew fertile where the Earth Elemental moved.
It stood. The entire Meeting of Tribes beheld the great protector of the Gaarh Marsh tribe, Khoteizetrough. A hand comprised of stone and muck, fingers tapering into the most delicate, narrow points, reached down.
Khoteizetrough’s hand closed around Mrsha. The power to break a Drake city’s wall with a single blow—as gentle as could be. Mrsha jerked and tried to run, but the fingers curled around her, drawing her into the mud-hand as it rose.
Shaman Theikha herself looked up as the oldest being at the Meeting of Tribes lifted Mrsha up. She lowered her staff.
“Now we will know.”
The Gnoll whispered up at the sky as Khoteizetrough’s wrathful head rose. Lifting Mrsha higher.
Higher.
 
——
 
Twice in the Meeting of Tribes, Khoteizetrough, the Great Earth Elemental, moved. First to unearth the treachery of a Walled City.
The second time to pick up a little child, who wriggled and tried to bite the hand holding her—spitting out a mouthful of mud.
Mrsha was terrified as she rose into the air, a dizzying height. The muck around her was as solid as stone, and she knew she was going to die.
Would it eat her? Kill her? She looked up—and went still as she beheld Khoteizetrough’s presence at last.
The Earth Elemental had been like an unmoving hill, a source of green power, but nothing more. Now, she realized the Earth Elemental had been slumbering.
Or hibernating? Because there was no mistaking the lighthouse of power that the elemental was powered by. A vast, simple intelligence.
Not stupid, but primordial. Ancient. It was like the very High Passes had developed eyes and a mind and judged her. And he was only the size of a hill.
Mrsha quailed. Her mind went blank, as a grasshopper would feel looking up at a vast tidal wave sweeping towards it.
Incomprehensible. Khoteizetrough saw her. He saw her class. Her connection with the natural world. He saw her nature, hidden by mere paint.
She gazed into the core of his soul. The origin that stretched back to the founding of Gaarh Marsh. An ancient pact with the very spirit of the marsh itself.
Until one or the other is gone, he would protect them. They were bound by more than mere blood or time. The bones and bodies of Gnolls had been buried in Gaarh Marsh, and they had lived their entire lives there. They were the swamp.
And, oh, how it had faded. How it had been glorious, wartorn. How great evil had befallen it, from foul Crelers to war that had slain his kin. 
Khoteizetrough, the Earth Elemental, had died. A Dragon had torn out his heart. Burnt his kin to ash.
He was dead. The body that Mrsha saw was the ruined wreckage of an Earth Elemental, not the pure green of one in its strength. 
