8.67
Page 1
The Gnoll tribes were scattered, free-form. The Drakes hated losing ground. They took strategic positions, tried to hammer their opponents with archers from elevation, and unleashed magic as they advanced step-by-step.
By contrast, the tribes treated the battle like Gnolls saw it. They would abandon a position if they thought they could save lives or attack elsewhere and didn’t stick long in the fighting. They preferred to harry their opponents, loosing arrows, even switching from bow to blade.
Organization versus versatility or something. Tkrn was no strategist.
He saw another ripple in the sky and angled his shield. The trick was knowing where your helmet was. Despite the Silverfang warrior’s snarling, Tkrn’s helmet would save him from all but an arrow through the front. So if he held his shield like this—slightly in front of him, angled upwards—he could peek out with minimal risk.
He felt like he was dreaming. Cetrule was shouting orders, and Tkrn looked around for the person he’d been asked to protect. Who Xherw had suggested he accompany. His friends.
Ekhtouch had sent fifty warriors total into this battle, where tens of thousands of warriors were taking part on one side alone. Was it eighty thousand Drakes?
Tkrn didn’t know. It was so spread out he couldn’t see all of them, but he thought he did see Gire.
Only one Gnoll was so tall. She wore armor from head-to-toe, treated magical leather rather than metal. She carried a number of javelins under one arm, and the Ekhtouch Gnolls each had a weapon they were most suited for. Many carried spare throwing weapons, and they set up a position here.
On the edges of the fighting. In the center, Steelfur and other great tribes led the offensive. Adetr Steelfur himself was in the front, swinging a pair of enchanted axes and howling as arrows and spears tried to pierce his fur.
In truth, Silverfang was not considered a mighty tribe, and Ekhtouch was so small that, despite their fame, this was a small area of the fighting. That might soon change. Tkrn edged out of line.
In a Drake army, they’d probably stab him for that. Here?
“Tkrn, where are you going?”
Dekava turned, eyes wide, and Tkrn waved at her.
“I’m going to join Ekhtouch. Cetrule knows!”
He jogged across the battlefield, a short eighty paces as Silverfangs looked incredulously at each other.
What was that idiot doing?
Some Drakes on one of the hills might have thought the same thing, because Tkrn felt an unpleasant sensation on his arm. He looked at his right shoulder and swore.
“Aaah!”
He was marked! A glowing rune was shining off his armor! Tkrn went running as a volley of arrows began to target him. He threw up his shield and ducked his head behind it. He prayed Demas Metal was as good as he hoped.
Ping! Ping! Ping!
The sound of arrows rattling off his armor had a far higher-pitched sound than he expected. Tkrn barely felt it, but Dekava gasped.
“Tkrn!”
The Gnoll [Guardsman] checked himself. An entire volley of arrows was embedded in the grass around him; the ones that had struck him had glanced off.
“Wow. That’s am—”
He lifted his shield and ran as a second volley of arrows began to land around him. But it stopped almost immediately; whoever had ordered the rain of arrows had probably seen it was as good as spit.
Tkrn was very surprised. But what he didn’t realize as he ran, swearing and trying not to pee, was how even the other Gnolls were looking at him.
