8.68
Page 48
Frankly, without makeup and all the glamor, she was virtually a different person. Ryoka saw the bones of the Singer in Cara—someone had clearly taught her how to sing, and she was coordinated. But the woman was simultaneously direct and irritable. Or maybe that was just the classic Ryoka charm at play.
“Question two: are you in danger? Do you need help?”
What was it with the hard questions? Ryoka knew it was meant to be more direct, so she hesitated and shook her head.
“No. Not immediately. I have a…situation, but I’m resolving it. Did you come here to meet me? Or…?”
The Singer’s eyes narrowed fractionally as she looked Ryoka up and down again. She exhaled, slowly, and replied.
“Blackmage told me you ended up here. And I’ve known who you are since I saw you on the scrying orb. I wouldn’t come to Ailendamus for that. You did see my music video, didn’t you? You’re half the reason I arrived here.”
“Oh. I did see the video. You were not a fan of necromancers, Ailendamus—and you hinted that Calanfer and half-Elves were good allies?”
Cara’s lips smiled a bit sardonically.
“Glad you got the message. It pulled in about eleven people. That’s worth a budget of about fifty-six thousand gold coins, isn’t it?”
“Fifty-six thousand…?”
“Most of it went into spells or reserving Wistram’s time. Yes, Ailendamus is filled with shite. I don’t think I need to tell you that? I was under the impression you were a prisoner.”
‘Shite’ was pronounced like someone from the United Kingdom. Well, Cara’s name was a huge tip-off to her origins. Wasn’t it the name of a famous singer, though? Ryoka saw Cara looking expectantly at her and tried to explain. But the Immortals…
There was a problem both women were clearly facing. Which was that this sudden meeting was inevitable, desired by both parties—and neither one was willing to lay their cards down.
Ryoka because she couldn’t. Some things like Rhisveri’s ‘trust’ would probably end up in her actual murder if she let it slip, and she didn’t put it past the Wyrm to have a trigger-spell like the one Az’kerash had placed on her. For that matter—no Necromancer talk? What could she say?
Cara seemed to have a similar set of reservations, but with a different twist. Ryoka saw her frowning as she tried to explain.
“You know Aaron? Blackmage? I…yes, I was a prisoner. But I sorted it out.”
“You sorted it out. One second, to my knowledge, you were in House Veltras. I sent you a [Message] spell. The next, you were in Ailendamus. That’s not just a Tier 5 spell—that’s the kind of magic that should be myth and legend. Can you tell me what happened?”
“It’s…complicated. How do you know Aaron, again?”
Cara’s eyes narrowed further.
“I talked with him. He’s in communication with some other Earthers.”
“Really? Who? Where are they?”
At this point, the Singer of Terandria looked around Ryoka’s fairly expansive bedroom and began to walk about. She passed by the closet that used to hold a teleportation spell from Visophecin and then turned to Ryoka.
