8.68
Page 28
“I don’t think he’s even gathering his aura. Rabbit, is something wrong? Can’t you feel it? What about your [Aura of the Hearth]?”
“Trying. Shut up, Markus.”
Rabbiteater tried. He tried to imagine the hearth, relaxing around a fire—or the clash of swords. And he did. He felt the memories coming, both good and ill. The Wandering Inn. A Human’s kindness. A little Gnoll who snarled at them and then…
They were in him. Just like Erin’s blessing and his memory of the two. The [Innkeeper] and the [General], who were the inspirations of his aura, Rabbiteater was sure.
He remembered them—but nothing came. Meisa frowned.
“I don’t understand.”
“He’s not within his aura.”
Ilm came to the same conclusion as someone else. Talia rode over, and the four trotting along looked at her. The Summer Knight frowned at Rabbiteater, but she fell into place with them and no one chased her off.
“Oh. He’s not feeling his aura? Not in it? That’s not a problem most of our Order has…”
Markus trailed off. Talia shook her head.
“We embody a season. We carry it around with us in deed and spirit. But Ser Solstice’s are more nebulous. It isn’t the aura of a [King], which is who they are. His are…Bravery and Hearth. He has to feel either to harness it. He can—but he has to still feel it.”
All the [Knights] nodded and turned curiously back to Rabbiteater. The Goblin inhaled; this all made sense.
“Okay. So my aura is harder. How do I fix it?”
Meisa frowned.
“Well…you just need to feel either aspect. I grant you—Hearth may be trickier here. But Bravery? What about when we were fighting? I imagine that would be the moment, right, Dame Talia?”
Talia Kallinad nodded. Markus eyed Rabbiteater.
“Didn’t you feel brave, Rabbiteater? During the latest battle? Just a bit? Think on that. Grasp it and…”
“Nope.”
The Goblin stopped Markus. The eager Spring Knight frowned.
“Wait, no? Not a bit?”
The Goblin looked about at the other [Knights]. Bravery? He understood the assignment now. And the problem. What, did they feel brave in that last battle?
He had felt not a thing. The Goblin rode onwards, feeling…odd. This was a war. He knew he could die. He fought because his friends were there. That was a Goblin [Knight]’s way. He would put his life on the line for them.
But it wasn’t brave. He felt no bravery riding around in armor fighting Humans on foot in the company of [Knights]. It wasn’t righteous, either. He had no interest in the politics that put him on one side or the other.
It was just what mattered to him. And that was okay. But he wasn’t getting his damn aura today. The Goblin sighed.
It had better be a really cool blade. Way cooler than Markus’.
 
——
 
This war was linked to Ryoka Griffin. The more you looked, the more you saw it.
It was not about her. But Rhisveri was wrong when he called her a minor [Thief]. Because of her presence at House Veltras, Tyrion Veltras had cause and incentive to lead the Five Families across the ocean.
Because of her, Grand Magus Eldavin—no, the Archmage of Memory had moved Wistram to war.
If it turned out Ryoka had helped found Calanfer on a Dragonthrone, the Wyrm was going to flip.
However, there were more parts to this war that even Ryoka Griffin had no idea about.
“My dear Miss Griffin. Why don’t you leave us for a little bit? I am sure you understand this is a trying time, and we must…recollect ourselves.”
