8.68
Page 32
“I do. But she was not the girl I tried to run away with. The elopement ended in an accident. She…the [Shepherd]’s daughter died. I married Yietha later. She was a [Merchant]. Is, rather.”
It was a tragedy worthy of any stage. After a long moment, Regalius lifted his head and turned to Ryoka. A decade had passed, and so he could talk about it.
“But Ryoka—it would have been one thing were it a…another family in Ailendamus, or even abroad, of similar rank. But promises were made, a fortune exchanged, all for what would have been. And I regret that perhaps this terrible war would not have come to pass. Perhaps, perhaps. You see, I was engaged to the 4th Princess of Calanfer, Princess Seraphel du Marquin, and I fear I am to blame for all of it. Including her own fate, as she has been married and divorced many times.”
Ryoka kept walking. She slammed into a decorative marble pillar so hard she got a nosebleed, and barely felt it.
It was all connected. And the genteel [Baron] who was so good a servant, whose brother had recently perished, and who had nearly been married into Calanfer’s royal family—offered her a handkerchief. Ryoka blew her nose into it and realized that was a bad idea a second later. She just had no idea what else was connected. What next?
Gnomes?
 
——
 
As they rode, Rabbiteater realized that the [Knights] really did suck at inspiring others. They did a good job with the Humans, Pheislant’s own especially.
But not with all. Especially not Gaiil-Drome’s forces.
Half-Elves.
They did not reach the pass Talia wanted to get to or friendly territory in three days. Well, maybe they’d reach it by the end of this day, but three more days had passed, and Marshal Huges was as good as his word.
Rabbiteater had to admit, he’d overestimated the abundance of life in Kaliv. The High Passes would have had a few Eater Goats coming to munch or be munched on after three days of riding, but he’d seen nary an animal aside from some birds who weren’t worth more than a mouthful or two and sparse game.
The [Knights] and some [Archers] tried, but it was hardly enough to feed nearly a thousand souls, even with dozens of kills on the march. The problem, as Rabbiteater understood it, was that animals weren’t stupid. They’d fled the war—and unlike Eater Goats, they didn’t head towards the sound of hundreds of horses and people.
“It’s a right mess, Ser and Dame Knights. Normally, there would be enough; we have enough animals for wild Griffins to hunt, and they’re the worst monsters by far. But not now. We’d hope that the Griffins that aren’t tamed go after Ailendamus; they’ve done it in other wars. But those Greatbows shoot even Griffins out of the sky.”
That came from a marching group of Kaliv [Soldiers] who were talking with the [Knights]. Ser Markus, Meisa, and Rabbiteater rode with them. Across from them, Rabbiteater could see Dame Talia speaking with some of Pheislant’s [Soldiers].
The Order of Seasons was raising morale. Theirs or the [Soldiers]’, it was hard to tell. However, morale had to be raised.
Unfortunately, the [Knights] had a classic type of way of trying to build character. Chin up, we’ll get through this! What’s your name, sir? My name is Markus, I hope we’ll both get through this, and I shall buy us all a round when…
Rabbiteater had heard all that almost verbatim from Markus. Meisa was a bit different. She conjured gusts of air, and it seemed like those around Talia seemed more energetic.
