8.68
Page 47
There she was. Ryoka Griffin had, for an instant, a familiar feeling. The sense of walking into a cave, bleeding and dying, only to find a strange old man who turned out to be a Dragon. Or walking through a forest to meet three strangers sitting around a sword.
Looking up to see the Winter Sprites. You were expecting something else, or nothing at all, and there they were.
The difference was, it was a mortal who created the feeling. And this time—it was mutual.
The Singer of Terandria looked Ryoka up and down as the Wind Runner hesitated. She shifted her weight onto her back leg, the tips of her fingers in her pockets, thumbs hooked into her belt.
Casual.
Careful.
The wind rustled around the small room, blowing indoors, and Cara’s eyes flickered. Singer and Runner stood there in dead silence as Ryoka hesitated.
But only for a moment.
“That is an amazing Skill. Cara O’Sullivan?”
“That’s me.”
A hand with three fingers rose, and Ryoka extended it. Cara blinked down at the hand.
She didn’t take it. She twitched and folded her arms. Ryoka lowered her hand as Cara smiled faintly. With a reservoir of reserve.
“Pleased. Well and truly. I know I’ve sprung this on you, but I didn’t think we were going to get another chance, and you didn’t seek me out earlier.”
“Oh. I’m sorry. I was considering my move—”
“I get that. And in light of that, can I ask the most pressing question? We can get to the niceties and history later. But I do have to know—are we secure? I have Tier 5 obfuscation spells. But if we’re not, we need to be done or I need to know that.”
She spoke rapidly, Ryoka noticed. To Ryoka, it was analogous to Jericha or someone used to giving orders. But the confidence in leading the conversation? That was her. The question was fair too. The problem was…
“I think we’re secure.”
The Singer’s eyes narrowed.
“That’s hopefully a yes or a no. Can we be secure?”
“Um.”
Against Lucifen magic or Rhisveri’s abilities? I have to believe that Rhisveri is careful around me. Plus there was the incident with the [Knights]. The Lucifen are sticklers for rules, and they tend to regard me as a guest. So the odds are low…
Ryoka hesitated too long before replying. Cara looked to a window and frowned outside.
“We could go to my caravan. It’s theoretically more secure. Or if there’s anywhere you can personally go…”
The Courier halted her with a hand.
“No. Sorry, that wouldn’t work. If we are watched or someone suspects, that would really tip them off. And if they want to listen in—we can’t stop them. But I don’t think they are. So we’re probably safe, but I want to be honest. It’s more like—if we’re not safe, we’re never safe. It’s not about the quality of your spells. It doesn’t matter.”
Cara O’Sullivan stopped, mid-step, which took a considerable amount of physical coordination, and just turned her head to Ryoka. The Wind Runner’s heart sank at the sheer, exasperated look she got. It was somewhat familiar.
“…Okay. Let’s go with that. I didn’t like that answer, but if there’s nothing that can be done, then we’re on to question two.”
“I—ah—okay?”
Cara seemed used to this. She was the fourth Earther or group of Earthers that Ryoka had ever met in person. Was that right? Erin, Laken, the Magnolia group…she was on the scrying orb, and Ryoka had speculated with Erin and the others for so long about her. Now she was here, she was completely changed from the bright Singer.
