8.68
Page 41
A perspective from an aura-wielder that no [Aura of the Hearth] had ever had before. Markus felt it, but he didn’t push the aura away. So, in its aegis, he kept turning his head.
“Rabbit, what are you doing? I think I can hear…”
Meisa was looking around. She heard a faint sound—voices. Something so familiar as to be nostalgic. But she didn’t quite understand. Not yet.
It was growing louder. The Goblin jogged ahead and turned his head. He heard it too. To Virilien and the others, it sounded like…
Cheering? The rattle of metal. Panting voices. Grunts. Footfalls by the hundred. But far more than were around the actual people present.
It differed, from person to person, though the perspective…was Rabbiteater’s. To Meisa, it sounded suddenly like her brothers were encouraging her to run, as they had when she was young and trying to train to be a [Page].
To Markus, it was the sound of the Spring Knights on their morning run around the keep. To Virilien, the thwapp of arrows striking canvas as his group trained. But what they all heard was the cheering. And if they didn’t concentrate too hard, if they just looked ahead, panting, feeling the burning in their legs and chests—they saw them too. And they didn’t dare slow.
It was one thing to stop alone. Or to say ‘I don’t care, I’ve had enough’. Quite enough to have someone ordering you on.
But it was one more thing to run in the company of a hundred [Soldiers]. No…warriors. Shadows, who ran out of the corner of your eye, telling you to hurry up. Maybe even a fist, ungently punching a shoulder when you slowed.
A company of warriors. A tribe of maniacs. And—Rabbiteater looked ahead and thought he saw a tall Hobgoblin, his father, who led all his sons and daughters in his tribe. A famous blade on his side, running ahead of him.
“Is this Hearth? This isn’t…”
Ilm was gasping, running in plate armor. Talia said nothing. She just looked ahead at the Goblin.
He was grinning, she knew. One arm raised and pumping, telling the others to ‘run’ without words. This was his home. More than the inn, even. This was what he thought of when he thought of home and safety.
A cheering band of brothers and sisters, daring you to push yourself until you tasted blood. Run until you dropped. And if you fell down—they’d drag you across the finish line. The [Knight] ran and ran, and the [Soldiers] followed him until they stopped and fell into their bedrolls. Then—Talia began to suspect his auras meant more than even she and the Fall’s Sentinel had guessed.
 
[Aura Knight Level 16!]
 
They ran so fast and far that day and the next that low-level [Soldiers] leveled both days. And they were fast enough that they ran straight into…well. Rabbiteater held up a hand, and the [Scouts] shouted in alarm as the sky rippled. As the sun suddenly froze in the sky, and they ran into the first stragglers screaming of a terrible defeat. Trapped, fleeing ahead of an army. Into the aegis of a Great General of Ailendamus. An aura or power beyond the others.
It faded every Hearth to ruin, and Bravery could not overcome it. Seasons were helpless to its whim, and it humbled every [King] and nation. Even those without death by age bowed to it.
Time.
 
——
 
Cara O’Sullivan had her history with Ailendamus. Fortunately, it didn’t seem like the Kingdom of Glass and Glory remembered it.
Or, if it did, the people who wanted to see the Singer of Terandria didn’t know or care. And among those people was a half-Giant—at least, that was how he looked.
