8.68
Page 1
Not to mention coordinating the disastrous crusade on Chandrar. As far as Venoriat knew, the best [Knights] of Terandria, all the Orders’ contributions—including two hundred Spring Knights—were coming in waves across the sea, landing on Medain and the Claiven Earth’s coasts, and fighting with their armies.
And only managing to deadlock Khelt. They were unable to meaningfully advance against Khelt; they could have swept aside a hundred times their number in zombies or, at least, continued an advance, but Khelt pushed them back.
Astonishing. In another time, Venoriat would have devoted his entire attention to researching Khelt, finding ways to combat their Revenants, and plumbing the depths of how dangerous they might be.
However, he had little time to spare for such enjoyable academia, so Venoriat’s quill scritched as he wrote out the [Message] in correct wording. If it was not essential, even Ser Ilm’s question or [Message] would have to wait.
A group of [Pages] of Autumn hurried by with scrolls to be scribed by Autumn Knights for war. One tripped, and Venoriat winced; all the scrolls would have to be cleaned to ensure they contained the magic.
“I’m sorry, Fall’s Sentinel!”
The girl got up, red-faced, and Venoriat turned and waved a hand.
“Clean it up and continue. Falling in my presence or out of it should change little. Perhaps to the Knight Commander or another Season it would matter…not here. Watch your steps. A bit of time spent saves you an hour with a brush.”
The girl gathered the scrolls up and hurried back along the deep reds, browns, and violets of the Season of Autumn’s floor tiles. She passed by one of their courtyards; not the grassy expanse where you could rush about practicing your swordplay in the Spring or Summer, or the ever-snowing, solemn places to refine yourself in Winter through meditation or self-practice.
No, Autumn used their space to grow mushrooms. Rich, loamy dirt let a profusion of roots spread out, or Sage’s Grass, or other plants that were useful and practical. Indeed, the Season of Autumn was known to be the least-martial of all four Seasons. The most bookish.
And the reason why the Order of Seasons was so respected. After all, who but the ‘Fall Knights’ of Venoriat’s order could scribe spell-scrolls at will? Certainly not Greysten and his lot!
Venoriat’s Season often sold their scrolls at virtually no markup to those who might need them. [Bugward] and [Detect Rot] were very popular among [Farmers].
In times of war? Each scroll that the [Pages] were carrying would be written with magic. [Firebolt] or [Forceshield] or [Smokescreen]—and every [Knight] would carry at least one into battle.
As Venoriat finally decoded Ilm’s missive, his lips moved in a smile. He lifted the scrap of parchment and decided—it was worth prioritizing after all. So he rose and went to the one place that made the Order of Seasons so valued, at least in his eyes:
Their library.
 
——
 
The library of the Order of Seasons was as large as Pheislant’s national gathering of tomes in the capital. However, the Order of Seasons had a far more varied assortment of books and magical tomes.
It was a benefit without calculation; even if Venoriat did know exactly how many books were in the library—61,822—that was not enough of a marker.
The thing was—libraries were hard to maintain in a grand sense. Not immediate; you could throw a bunch of books in a room and call it ‘a library’. But were they organized? More importantly, were they maintained?
