8.68
Page 29
Queen Oiena’s smile had made Ryoka run for the door faster than anything. When the Wind Runner got to safety, she started hyperventilating. Then she kicked a wall, flung up her arms, covered a scream with her shirt, realized people were staring at her…
And wondered how she was going to fix things.
She had to meet with the immortals. She had to do something about Sammial, even if he wasn’t being abused. Rhisveri’s sale of the scroll…just sucked? Oh, and what about the Singer of Terandria? Someone had to help her—she had clearly been successful, but she didn’t know about all the dangers in the world.
Ryoka had almost forgotten about Cara, but she added it to the immediate scramble-list. Stopping Tyrion and Eldavin were also on there. And figuring out how to revive Erin now that they had all the pieces.
It was then that Ryoka realized she was doing it again. Namely—trying to be the lynchpin in every plan. Trying to be the one fixing everything when time had proved that Ryoka’s idea of fixing a hole in the wall was creating a sinkhole so you could rebuild everything from scratch.
That calmed her down, as well as the frank fact that she had done this before. She paced down the hallways, muttering.
“Okay. Don’t run off. Don’t panic or try to force things. Don’t, uh…don’t go near suspiciously inviting places in the faelands. Don’t accept requests from mythological beings. What else do I add? Don’t take on super-dangerous assignments? I tend to succeed at those. Only costs a finger or a few crossbow bolts to the back.”
The truth was, she suspected her best move was to petition Rhisveri to let Sammial go. After all—Sammial gone meant no Tyrion, correct? And if she left with Sammial, that meant no Eldavin war.
In theory. The point was, Ryoka knew she had to be at the capital to affect any meaningful change, and the immortals were de facto the most important people in Ailendamus. So she wasn’t doing the wrong thing.
She had just come to that obvious point when someone called out.
“Miss Griffin! Salutations! I hope I am not intruding on your thoughts?”
Only one man had that voice that was both commanding and impressive. And only one man used ‘salutations’ as a greeting.
Baron Regalius du Ecte, the [Baron of Ceremonies], styled harder than Visophecin in his dark attire. Ryoka had seen few men in a rosewood-colored tuxedo with the lapels thrown open—one of those older designs, clasped together by a silver brooch instead of buttons or lace—over dark leggings that had some kind of magical sparkle in the thread, and court-shoes…wear that.
Each part of the dark reddish-purple fabric was drawn with sigils of Ailendamus, naturally, and his cuffs had the insignia of his house drawn across the dark fabric in slightly brighter stitching. No silver, no gaudy gold or flash of metal save for the brooch and the sword-hilt at his belt. But hardly subtle.
However, she had also seldom seen anyone, male or female, pull off the cape he was wearing, which fluttered behind him rather than drag on the wind. Not a long-long cape; it was actually a huge overcoat, Ryoka realized, and it blew like he had a full movie effects team behind him.
It was the coolest and most useless Skill that Ryoka had ever seen, and she wanted it. Well, she had the wind, but the wind was hardly so obliging!
Regalius’ hair had a slight curl to it today, and the shining locks of it gleamed as he passed under a window. Ryoka wished she had her iPhone. Take a picture of this man and she could win any social media contest based on pictures.
