8.68
Page 23
She stared at him until he kicked her in the chest and rode off. Rabbiteater sighed as he looked around at the cheering [Soldiers] and [Knights]. He still couldn’t figure it out.
 
——
 
He didn’t want to kill the Humans. Ailendamus’ [Soldiers] were not his enemy, aside from them trying to kill him, and [Knights] tended to survive if they surrendered.
In fact, the rest of the Order of Seasons held that view, which was why prisoners were taken. Goblins took no prisoners; they could do awful things to them like the Mountain City Goblins or kill and eat them. There was no other point unless you subscribed to the monetary system and/or had a relationship where you could trade prisoners for coin or goods.
Or interrogation but the point was, Rabbiteater thought that was a funny attitude for two nations at war.
I don’t want to kill you, but we might. But we’ll try not to unless we have to. As he had observed—the Humans of Terandria were not ready for a real war.
A real war was like Liscor versus the Goblin Lord. A conflict where you stepped over the dead on either side and fought until you died. No surrender, no yielding—and if your side lost, you all died. But again, he had gone through this.
What surprised his comrades was that he was sticking around. Some, especially some who knew his identity, clearly expected him to ride off now that the going was not so good.
The Order of Seasons won another battle, but they had no Greysten, no senior members of their Seasons. Ser Ilm was one of three Fall Knights and the most senior. Dame Talia was the leader of her Season, and the young Ser Thaime was leading the Spring. Meisa and Markus could have easily challenged the role—that was how little leadership they had.
Most of the [Knights] who had been taken prisoner by Ailendamus had been lower-level. It made sense; it was hard for a veteran to be captured. And unfortunately, any high-level senior [Knights] had already been taken captive and sent to Ailendamus’ command for genteel interrogation and ransom.
Greysten and the more senior [Knights] had also survived, Rabbiteater knew. But Ailendamus’ army and the Order of the Hydra had forced his group to head deeper into enemy territory. On a raid. It was a Goblin idea: if the enemy prevented you from linking up, just make trouble for them behind their lines.
The [Knights] had taken it because it was strategically sound, and, frankly, they had no choice. The Order of the Hydra, despite losing their [General], were thousands strong. The Order of Seasons’ elite…ness…had struggled against them.
Plus, there was a half-giant [Knight] back there, and Rabbiteater would rather fight low-level [Soldiers] all day than fight someone who had a sword longer than he was.
Nevertheless, morale was flagging. And that was despite liberating another train of prisoners. Rabbiteater observed it as the three [Knights] leading their Season met with the commander of Pheislant’s armed forces accompanying them.
A [Marshal] Huges. Rabbiteater liked the man. He was the bluff sort who heard ‘charge’ and said, ‘alright, let’s go!’. And somehow kept his forces together and actually encircled the enemy while the [Knights] did their thing.
A fast-thinker, if not a [Strategist]. He was unto Humans what a Goblin Chieftain was. Without him…Rabbiteater suspected the Pheislant [Soldiers] would be in worse condition.
