8.68
Page 3
And those were just his mundane Skills. His truly powerful Skills included the ability to have any book in his possession read out loud, in his own voice, whenever he wanted—a Skill that Venoriat privately envied—visualize the fantastical stories, remember up to three hundred thousand words of his choosing, such that he could recite any passage, poetry, or quote he pleased—
And his Level 30 capstone was the most impressive. [Cover to Cover, Revision Reader].
Which meant that he could read every single version of a book ever read. So if you had eighteen versions of a book he held? He could read any one.
He had recently put that Skill to use backtracking the rise of Ailendamus, spotting the truth amid many revised histories.
The most senior [Librarian Knight] read the slip of paper, and his lips curved upwards.
“I assume this is not an idle question from Ser Ilm in the field? It would not be surprising if so.”
Venoriat’s smile had a twinkle in it.
“I suspect that this is entirely pressing, Ser Tulnous. It likely has to do with our illustrious Ser Solstice. Do you think the information is extant?”
“In one book or another on Skills and auras? Certainly! One will be easier than the other, I am sure. How fascinating. A dual-aura [Knight]…”
Venoriat lifted a finger, cautioning his subordinate.
“To be kept secret, Ser Tulnous. You and two others may look into the topic. Not a word—and I expect a report within two hours, which I will forward to Ser Ilm.”
The [Librarian] bowed.
“At once, Fall’s Sentinel.”
He smiled as he looked at the little note. Translated, the part Venoriat had given Tulnous was not about the battle or Ilm’s other observations. It was simply a question—a research request into two rather unique auras. Two, contained in a single person.
[Aura of the Hearth] and [Aura of the Brave]. Possible synergies, dual-aura combinations, the usages of each aura, and any other pertinent information. The Order of Autumn was only too happy to help. After all—if anyone knew what Rabbiteater’s new Skills did, it would be them.
“Well done, Ser Solstice.”
Venoriat murmured as he walked back. Well done indeed.
Especially for a Goblin [Knight]. But that was most secret of all.
 
——
 
“Excuse me, Lord Sophridel? I have a communication from one of the Order of Seasons. Encrypted. I was referred to you by the [Spymaster]. It is, ah, pressing, so she regretfully…”
Elsewhere in Terandria, a nervous servant stopped as a tall, intensely tall, still figure turned and closed the book he was reading.
Lord Sophridel—in truth, an Earl—was a rather reclusive figure in Ailendamus’ hierarchies. He was ‘Minister of the Interior Arts’ which meant he oversaw the libraries, did some commissioning of artwork—but not on the same level as those who coordinated statues, great galas, and more—and, secretly, ran the Court of Masks.
Running the Court of Masks was his main task, and as such, if you didn’t know, you might think he had one of those plush jobs with no actual work. If you did know, well, you considered him an enigmatic spellcaster who did a fine job and faded into the woodwork.
If you talked to him? The tall, nearly seven-foot half-Elf with pale skin was an oddity even to his own kind. He had a ponderous kind of speech and reminded one much of some long-forgotten [Scholar].
Of course, no one saw Sophridel. They just saw a mask. It was his preferred mask when he had to be…outside.
