8.68
Page 19
Ryoka inhaled the faint scent of blood, saw the man’s torn clothing and the rapier in one hand—another man was lying, grimacing as some very realistic blood and organs spilled out of his stomach. In fact, Sophridel spotted Visophecin, Sammial, and the others, and raised a hand, and the magnification spell abruptly ended.
Ryoka staggered as she felt herself standing far, far away from the stage. Sammial raced down the steps, shouting.
“Amazing! That’s so cool!”
He leapt onto the stage as Ryoka followed him and heard Sophridel speaking.
“We will adjust the gore and blood. Realism is a conceit; balance the two. No smell of rot and less of blood. It need not rain on the audience, either. Perhaps a dissipating magical rain…no, not for the first iterations.”
“Absolutely, Lord Sophridel. But I don’t know if I can match them. I, ah—we’re only Level 8. If we had just one of these Players…”
The nervous [Actors] on stage turned as they found a [Princess] in the audience and became even more apprehensive. Visophecin nodded to Sophridel.
“We have come to observe your work, Sophridel. Does the theatre match your desires?”
“The theatre, yes. But the actors will require much, much work to create a satisfactory performance. Perhaps months of practice. Justice must be done to each work before I will allow it to be witnessed.”
Sophridel’s voice was a sigh. Visophecin raised his brows.
“I believe the crown will desire a performance far sooner, to justify the cost and showcase the event, Sophridel.”
“Unacceptable. Art cannot be sullied by a performance ill-made. We have few experts, and the few images of the plays are insufficient, as are mere scripts. I require…someone who has seen how it is done. I would like to send the entire cast to Izril to witness a play at First Landing. Perhaps for two weeks. Then return here.”
Visophecin exhaled as Sophridel raised his arms. He was a largely unemotional speaker; Ryoka suspected an Elemental would be rather logical and dispassionate. But he had a fire when he spoke like this, for all it was contained.
Sammial looked disappointed, but then leapt on stage and began to badger the [Actors] to let him try their rapiers. Visophecin glanced at Ryoka.
“As it happens, perhaps Ryoka Griffin would care to instruct the actors? I believe she has witnessed some, if not all of the plays.”
Instantly, all the [Actors] turned to Ryoka, and Sophridel himself peered at her.
“Ryoka Griffin. You are a being of many surprises. Which I understood from your presence in the Court of Masks. It is a refreshing revelation to understand you also have a soul. Those without art are lost.”
He spoke like some kind of theater kid. Or the most passionate art-lover ever. Which…he was. Ryoka remembered the being of masks as she lifted her hands.
“I do enjoy a play. But I can’t dictate…I mean, I can tell you a bit, but I’m not a good actor. I don’t have the class—”
He ignored her, practically pressing her forwards and demanding she show the [Actors] how to stand and face the audience properly, project—watch their plays. Visophecin observed as Gadrea and Sammial dueled to the side. She tapped his chest with the tip of a rapier as he stared at her.
“How are you so good with a sword? You’re in a chair!”
“I’ll wager your father could beat you seated, couldn’t he, young man?”
“Yes…but you’re good! Let’s do it again! Oesca, grab a sword, and we’ll beat her!”
And so the [Princess] did. Ryoka watched a [Lord] and [Princess] fencing with an Angel out of the corner of her eye as Visophecin, Sophridel, and the [Actors] talked shop.
