8.68
Page 58
Greg and Ryoka stepped into the hallway, and he was far less pleasant company. Still, there was something of Cara in Greg, but it was tempered by…Greg.
He was not a Kevin. He might not even have been a Leon, frankly. Ryoka assumed there was some depth to his character, but Cara chose to play a simple impression of a young man who had one goal in life represented by many, many women.
Was it slightly unfair? Probably. Was it convincing? Ryoka sighed. Absolutely.
The two did realize something was up as they passed through corridor after corridor of the palace, though. The Singer’s arrival in Ailendamus was the talk of the palace, but the banquet was also a celebration.
“Excuse me, Greg. Chorisa. What’s up?”
The Thirsting Veil Knight appeared, and ‘Greg’ nearly leapt into a wall with an oath. Greg-Cara gave Ryoka a look that said she was beginning to understand Ryoka’s paranoias as the [Knight] nodded to Ryoka.
“I believe it’s the announcement from the front. The banquet is being rededicated. The Singer of Terandria is the star, but His Majesty has announced a celebration.”
“For…Archmage Eldavin wading into the war?”
That was the only thing Ryoka could think of, and it didn’t fit. Chorisa’s lips pursed.
“No. You will hear this later. No doubt the other nations will dispute the rumor, but a great battle has been won at the front. The Dawn Concordat is in full retreat, and we are poised to take Krawlnmak’s Pass. Our advance has reached one of Kaliv’s southern border-fortresses.”
Ryoka’s eyes went wide with shock. Cara-Greg whirled.
“What? I thought they were like, way away from there! Nice. Invisible [Knights]. My name’s Greg. I’m a [Guitarist] at—”
Chorisa ignored him. She smiled at Ryoka, not bothering to disguise her patriotic pride.
“News will spread, but no one will believe it. A Great General has taken to the front, the first in this entire war. Great General of Ages, Lady Dionamella, has broken the Dawn Concordat’s army, and she will not cease until Calanfer is taken.”
A Great General? Ryoka had met a Great Knight of Ailendamus, but she felt a sudden chill at that name.
“What’s…why would no one realize what’s happening until then?”
Chorisa hesitated, perhaps not knowing the entire reason herself, but a smug voice behind Ryoka spoke up. A tall figure with a goatee that made Cara-Greg back up a step swept past them, pausing long enough to deliver the news himself.
Duke Rhisveri frowned vaguely at the young man, but he paid as little attention to the Humans as he could. But he did stop to tell the Wind Runner why. His eyes were filled with satisfaction, as was his voice, as he headed off to a quick meeting with the real leaders of Ailendamus.
“That would be because she is my Great General. Not some half-wit fielded by lesser nations. I instructed her myself. She is a master of time magic.”
He enjoyed the looks on the other’s faces, then walked on, chuckling to himself.
“Competency. That should shut those whining flesh-blobs up who talk about strategic retreats. Competency doesn’t lose to begin with.”
Ryoka Griffin stood, poleaxed and possibly also gutted and stabbed as Cara whispered through Greg’s lips. Just one name. Her friend, whose very nation and fate lay at stake in this war. Countless people, but Ryoka knew one [Princess] who belonged to the Dawn Concordat.
So did Cara. The Singer’s head turned south, as if she could see the 4th Princess of Calanfer.
“Seraphel.”
 
——
 
