8.68
Page 11
“Yet they did live under the same roof. In that case, sentence them all. Eat the family that would let such a thing happen and toss their bones to the worms.”
Ryoka sat back as the two glowered fiercely. Visophecin turned to her as the Lucifen shook their heads.
“You can see why we split our family between the two of us. Uzine and Gadrea’s kin…make poor judges of character.”
“They would have each murderer who killed in self-defense accept a knighthood. Self-defense is not always virtuous, Uzine, Gadrea.”
Azemith retorted, speaking up for Igolze for the first time. Uzine sat back, letting the matter go, if not his frown. He turned to Ryoka, resigned.
“I am glad you spoke to our cousins. They do not listen; we have had this argument for millenia, after all. If not always in the same places and contexts. Why, my great grandfather used to throw his celestial arms at—”
A cough made him break off, and Ryoka saw Visophecin tap a finger on the table. The Devil looked at Ryoka thoughtfully.
“Igolze’s judgment is but one case. Pray, tell us more about your systems, Ryoka Griffin. It may lie in the mere presentation of how we sit and judge. A jury is…”
The other three Lucifen sneered, but Visophecin did not.
“…undesirable. But I do take your point well about the impartiality of judges. Perhaps it is finally time to establish the royal courts and remove ourselves. The training process will take a decade.”
“Not to mention corruption within their ranks and overseeing them. They are also susceptible to Skills and magic, even if their character is impeccable. But I may agree at last when our kin debate the issue.”
Azemith, Igolze, and Shierxun all nodded, which, again, surprised Ryoka. She took another sip from her orange juice. Nothing special. Just orange juice. It tasted a bit less sweet, but…fresher than she remembered. Probably because there wasn’t corn syrup and these were actually, genuinely squeezed from oranges. Was it wrong to miss the preservative?
“Why the sudden turnaround?”
Visophecin flicked his fingers, looking slightly amused.
“Why, because you object to it so. Because if we present ourselves to your nations and are seen—Lucifen aside—to fall behind in decorum, we are lesser. How can we seduce other nations and individuals to our cause without impressing upon them the quality of our laws?”
The Lucifen nodded as one. Suddenly, Ryoka had to explain the concept of a jury of peers, recollect how a trial in the modern world was laid out, not to mention the court system…
If there was a group interested in checks and balances and the formation of government, it was Visophecin’s people. Not Gadrea and Uzine. Gadrea promptly began ordering the latest delicacies. Uzine, after twenty minutes, put his head back and slept, only waking up when they were done and rising. He turned to Ryoka with a bright smile.
“At last! Now you have seen our kin’s gift and pact with Ailendamus and Rhisveri. We shall show you ours, next.”
Ryoka raised one eyebrow curiously.
“Pact?”
The Agelum smiled broadly.
“Of course. Or did you come here without knowing? It is our deal, we of…long-lived persuasion. Our promise with Rhisveri. Did you think he kept it all?”
He offered her a hand, and Ryoka found Visophecin pushing the wheelchair as he showed her what she had been looking for, in part.
The immortal bargain that lay at the heart of Ailendamus.
 
——
 
There were parts of Ailendamus that were truly wondrous. Like the Court of Masks, there were projects, areas, or simply parts of the nation that were amazing. And that was because they had immortal hands behind them.
