8.68
Page 22
Rabbiteater had just hit her as hard as he could with the flat of his battleaxe. Definitely a knockout blow from the way she dropped, and she probably had a concussion.
“Stop leaving your guard down, you idiot!”
Meisa raced past Markus, charging another group of scattering archers. Markus, shamefaced, whirled his mount and saw a rider coming his way.
Not another [Knight], but the [Rider]’s spear looked like it was wickedly sharp. Had it grown barbs on the tip?
Definitely a Skill. However, Markus didn’t use a Skill to create the rippling air around the blade of his sword. Even as Rabbiteater watched, circling Markus from the side to intervene—the Spring Knight flicked the wind off the blade, then whirled it.
A practiced move. He might be new to his newfound power and level, but he knew how to fight with his aura. The gust of wind was no sharp blade, but it did slam into the [Rider], and Markus’ opponent flinched. The Spring Knight swung his blade into that guard, and one-two—
Rabbiteater saw the blood and the falling figure. Markus actually reached for a potion at his side—but there was nothing to heal. Rabbiteater rode past him and saw a charging man with a pike. He bent down, swung Headscratcher’s gold-jade axe, and cut the weapon in two. The shaking [Pikeman] raised his arms, and Rabbiteater pointed at him.
“Yield?”
“I yield, Ser!”
The [Soldier]’s voice shook with relief. Rabbiteater nodded genially.
“Okay. Helmet.”
The man stopped as he tossed his shortsword down. He hesitated, but the axe aimed at his face made him fumble it off. Rabbiteater took the helmet, inhaled the sweat and cramped fugue, and then turned and tossed it as hard as he could.
Another satisfying donk as it hit a [Knight] from Ailendamus dueling Talia. She knocked her opponent off their horse as they staggered and glared at Rabbiteater, but the Goblin just rode past the [Soldier].
Yielding was so stupid. Any Goblin worth their salt would stab him in the back. But since it was a custom, he was happy not to kill the Humans. But Rabbiteater did insist on his twist; he demanded helmets. It took a bit of work putting a helmet back on, it was easy to tell non-combatants apart, and not having a helmet was a big problem that discouraged people going back on their word.
He could be so relaxed in battle because, frankly, this was not a hot engagement. Unlike the Order of the Hydra, these were regular [Soldiers], and the Order of Seasons were [Knights].
Even so—as Ailendamus fell back in relatively good order, Rabbiteater gazed around, watching all corners, and felt that expectation.
Is this the battle I die in? He dodged an arrow coming at him from the side so fast a young [Archer] was left breathless.
[Aspect of the Champion: Greater Dexterity]. Nothing was more important than reflexes in a rapid fight where the danger was from every angle. Rabbiteater whirled and raised his axe as he rode down on the [Archer], who was backed up by one last squad. They aimed their weapons at him as he raised his axe overhead, shield guarding his chest. Markus turned as Rabbiteater, Ser Solstice, shouted.
“[Aura of the Brave]. Brave be my axe or something!”
Ser Markus watched as the enchanted axe rose—and the Ailendamus [Soldiers] scattered. Rabbiteater brought it down—and hit the third [Soldier] with the flat of the blade on the helmet.
A third person fell down. Rabbiteater hesitated, then flicked his axe a few times at a scared young woman. He pointed at her.
“Activate. Hm. Damn.”
