8.68
Page 39
Rabbiteater elbowed him back.
“Bad wind sword ability or free blue juice?”
“Hey! Rabbit! It’s not a bad ability—”
The joking between the duo cut off as Meisa urgently touched Rabbiteater’s arm.
“Try to concentrate on the aura, Rabbiteater! Make it into…oh, a sword? I don’t think it’ll work for Hearth. But try to manifest it! That’s the next step!”
“He can’t do it untested, Meisa.”
“He can try, Markus. Try!”
Now, everyone watched Rabbiteater as he walked. He felt it. And once he had felt how it worked, he thought he could do it again. But it wasn’t…well, it wasn’t an aura for war. Was it?
He’d made his armor like the walls of the inn. Maybe…
But even as Rabbiteater tried that, he felt, instinctively, he didn’t have nearly enough concentration of his aura or power. It would be like lifting a boulder overhead with only Mrsha’s weak arms. So he cast around.
Concentrate. Materialize something you know. Something from home. What did he know that was the hearth?
A frying pan? A chair? Yes, aura-chair. Rabbiteater rolled his eyes. This was stupid.
He still had some of his sandwich left. Grumpily, the Goblin began to raise his visor, turning his head to hide his face. His terrible, poor, no-good-taste sandwich. He was getting soft. It was a fine meal for any Goblin, but he could practically taste…
The Goblin’s eyes narrowed. And Talia Kallinad, watching, saw the aura change. She saw it concentrate, and the taste of blue juice faded from the flasks around Rabbiteater, much to the disappointment of all.
It was only a seeming. It didn’t turn the water to actual blue juice. That was impossible. That was closer to a miracle. Even so, it was impressive. She watched where the aura was concentrating.
By now, even Markus, a younger [Knight], had picked up on the aura, though he had to shade his eyes to see. He hesitated.
“Rabbit. What are you…er…”
He stared at the object that the Goblin was concentrating all his aura into. Talia rubbed at her forehead. Meisa and Ser Ilm? They began chuckling. Then laughing.
Virilien had seen many powerful [Knights]. Even the Lightherald himself, the great champion of Calanfer. He had heard the Order of Seasons could do fantastical things with their abilities.
But he had to own—this was the most surprising use of an aura yet. Talia Kallinad burst out after a moment.
“Is that your first manifestation, R—Ser Solstice?”
The Goblin paused as he lifted something into the air and cracked his visor open a hair. The [Soldiers] were laughing and pointing in delight.
“Sure. Why not?”
A slice of pizza dangled in the air, the tip gleaming with a bit of oil and cheese and sauce. A pepperoni pizza slice entered the vizor, and the Goblin chewed it down happily.
“Yum.”
He was getting the hang of this. Ilm was writing a note to the Fall’s Sentinel.
“Incredible. Even for his level—a first try, unprompted food manifestation?”
The Goblin just laughed at the scandalized [Knights]. What did they think a Goblin’s aura would be like? And he was sure Erin Solstice would have approved.
He was happy. But he decided—
He had better not get [Aura Pizza] after he slept.
The column of [Soldiers] and [Knights] continued on their way. Laughing, fascinated. If that were all, it would have been a salutary moment, the beginning of a friendship and respect for a strange [Knight]. But no one realized that Rabbiteater was, well, Rabbiteater.
He wasn’t as talented as Numbtongue or Badarrow in one thing, let alone Shorthilt. He wasn’t as strong as Headscratcher.
