8.68
Page 55
Slowly, the Singer produced her phone and turned it on. It was listed under a simple number. Somehow, he had gotten it working. It was still there in her text log. Ryoka looked at it, covered her mouth—and rushed to the bathroom to throw up.
Cara deleted the message. She had saved it. Now, she deleted it and turned to Ryoka when the Wind Runner finished retching.
“Aaron sent that to everyone.”
“He’s…made a deal. He has to. Or he’s compromised.”
What did that mean? Neither one wanted to speculate. But Ryoka felt sick.
That explained why Oberon had failed to close the rift. Cara? She just looked grim.
“Great. I thought the worst we were up against were fools and monsters and bastards. So they’re behind it all?”
“I would bet the rest of my fingers.”
Ryoka raised her right hand, and Cara shuddered. She looked away.
“I can’t process this. I won’t even try. But you’ve convinced me. Let’s move on. If we’re talking about enemies, I have only two left. Ailendamus might not be trying to do…something all-encompassing. It’s just a warmongering nation with all that entails. I personally witnessed two attempts to destroy parts of Noelictus. They sent a [Necromancer] into the Kingdom of Shade to murder innocent people, and he killed hundreds. He raised an army of the dead. Ailendamus paid him to do it.”
Ryoka felt her mortal fear turn different in her stomach. She stuttered.
“You—you’re sure?”
Cara looked at her and spread her hands.
“I have no proof. But I personally witnessed it. All the evidence pointed to him being a sponsored assassin. And after that—one of Ailendamus’ war leaders invaded. Or tried to. He attacked Ovela. Both times I helped. I made the situation worse the first time. I had no idea what I did. The second…”
She closed her eyes.
“Ailendamus failed, but I was involved. It seemed like they didn’t notice me; I wasn’t the Singer of Terandria then. But I came here because I know someone in the Dawn Concordat. I want to stop this war. I hope you can help.”
Ailendamus hired a [Necromancer]? Ryoka wanted to believe it wasn’t true, but she could just imagine Visophecin lifting an eyebrow and asking what was wrong with it. Or Rhisveri snorting and…
“Yes. I’ll do that. I…I offended the powers that be, here. I can’t tell you, again. That’s dangerous. But I’ll help. Absolutely. I just don’t know if we can do anything.”
“We have to try.”
Cara looked resolved. She almost stood up, but one last thing reminded her of things left unsaid.
“We can talk about the rest later. The band will want to gossip about Earth. You won’t believe what’s happening. Our disappearances have been noted. But one more thing. On the topic of monsters…there’s little chance you’ll ever meet her. But if you ever should see a tall woman with a huge hat and strange eyes. Rings in her eyes. Her name is…I shouldn’t say it out loud.”
It was always connected. Ryoka’s head rose. Cara was hesitating, so Ryoka spoke.
“Belavierr the Stitch Witch.”
Cara nearly jumped out the window. She spun.
“You met her too? Is there anyone you haven’t met?”
She looked almost exasperated. Ryoka grinned weakly.
“I, uh—encountered her. Briefly. But she wasn’t after me. If she were—I’d be dead. She’s done other things that mean I have a grudge with her. Not that I think she’d notice.”
Mrsha. There would be a reckoning, but Ryoka doubted even the Faeblade would do much good. What about the other functions? Still doubtful.
Cara rubbed at her face, cheeks too-pale.
“I’m sorry.”
“Sorry? For what?”
The Singer of Terandria turned to Ryoka, and her smile was mirthless.
