8.68
Page 18
“I happen to know a [Princess] who uses a sword, does her own cooking, and even fights monsters, Princess Oesca. As far as I know, she levels up from it. And she told me once—she didn’t level up by doing the proper thing. I think she’s gained, what, fifteen levels in a year? And she definitely wears trousers.”
She gave Oesca a wink that a [Nursemaid] watched with the deepest distrust. But when Ryoka finished speaking, the woman, who’d been walking a good fifteen paces behind them, snapped her head up.
“[Detect Improper Learning]—Your Highness! Please disregard whatever that woman just said! It is most likely a lie, anyways.”
Oesca’s own mouth had fallen open. Ryoka, the diabolical influence, saw her stare uncertainly backwards and then twist something on her finger.
A ring. She peered at Ryoka.
“Were you lying, Miss Griffin?”
“Um…no—hey, what’s going—”
Ryoka felt herself suddenly being pushed away from Oesca. Hard. The [Nursemaid] was moving her apart from her charge, and even Visophecin stepped back, although he looked more like he was just doing it so he wasn’t inconvenienced. And it was too late. A Level 40 [Nursemaid] should have been here, not some low-level amateur.
Because Oesca had just used her ring to cast [Detect Truth], and her eyes were as round as gold coins.
Then they arrived at the theatre, and everyone stopped and gasped.
“My! What have they done to the Tenniath Wing?”
Oesca pointed as they came to a clearly new construction, with [Masons] still working on the outside. Ryoka gazed through an archway as Sammial ran forwards and shouted.
“It’s huge!”
Sophridel’s theatre was indeed one of the biggest venues for any actor that Ryoka had ever seen. The Met, which she had seen in person, looked incomplete compared to this room.
Mainly because Ailendamus had no cap on a budget or space. Unlike New York’s limited real estate, Ailendamus had no lack of land, and they had dimensional magic on top of it.
So yes, the first impression Ryoka got was of a room so vast she had to crane her head back. It had all that…gravitas of a cathedral.
And her first thought was, ‘this is going to suck for a play’. Because a play should be intimate, not dwarfed by the building itself. Then she realized there was a trick to the room when she gazed at the room itself.
Ryoka saw seats enough for six thousand people to sit in a broad semicircle around the room, and she again thought those on the edges would have a terrible angle because it was too wide. In other words, they’d have a view of the back-stage, which modern stages obviously accounted for, and were thus more vertical in design to put people at more appropriate angles.
However, Ryoka had given Sophridel too little credit. The Elemental of Masks might not have seen a play in its current incarnation, but he understood how plays had to be.
The instant Ryoka and the others focused on the play, the room distorted. Not visibly or in a sickening change of perspective, but suddenly the stage felt like it was mere dozens of feet from Ryoka. And the people walking about on it were as large as life.
“Ah, those would be the magnification spells we paid for.”
Visophecin’s voice was close by, but simultaneously far away. Rather, Ryoka saw and heard, even smelled a strutting man on stage rehearsing his lines before Sophridel…or rather, the fake half-Elf Sophridel pretended to be.
