8.68
Page 14
Visophecin gazed up idly. Ryoka’s eyes bugged out as she stared at what she thought was a blue fruit the size of her head. What could Erin make with that?
“This is Fithea’s…wish?”
“In part. There is a ceiling, but we hid it with magic. Dimensional spells. She desired this, but her true dream lies to the north. Forests where half-Elves are allowed to live in peace. She wishes for trees thousands of years old to grow. Another Great Forest. But it will take millenia to bear fruit; the site has been marked for such a forest to grow, but Ailendamus is only two hundred years old. Still, Fithea’s dream may come true, if last of all of ours.”
The way they talked. The Lucifen sounded encouraging, like someone talking about this long-term project a friend had. The Agelum simply rolled around, inspecting plants. Uzine cautioned Ryoka not to emulate their example.
“This place is zealously guarded. Stay on the pathways, as the rules say. You wouldn’t even have access without us. Oh, and don’t pluck flowers. I know the rules say that, but the guardians really do get annoyed. See? There’s one watching us already. Hello! I learned my lesson last time!”
The Agelum waved a hand cheerfully, and Ryoka nearly jumped into the air as she saw there was someone watching them.
The [Druid] was nearly invisible as she stood in a maze of sunflowers. Her clothing actually took on the colors of the sunflowers, a bright yellow and brown around her hood, drifting to green and then brown lower down.
Oh, and she was a Dwarf. The Dwarf [Druid]’s yellow hood moved as she pointed a stubby finger at Ryoka. She had no beard, Ryoka couldn’t help but notice, but she did have a half-mask of wood over the bottom of her face. She spoke, voice slightly muffled as she pointed.
“You. Keep your wind harnessed. A sporing has begun. We will not have it blow across the gardens.”
“Er. Yes? Hello!”
The [Druid] then ignored Ryoka and glowered at the Lucifen, who nodded to her. Viscount Visophecin raised one hand.
“We are here simply to observe. Lady Fithea has allowed us entry.”
“She has.”
It was a grudging comment. The [Druid] shifted her glare to Uzine, who snatched his hand away from some kind of carnivorous plant, which kept snapping at a finger. But he kept evading it just in time.
Ryoka felt like she needed to say something. She pointed at the woman as the [Druid] turned away.
“Uh, uh—wait! I have something to say! N—Nath—Nathi—Nathal—”
The stuttering made all the Lucifen look at her. Gadrea leaned over to Visophecin.
“Is she having a heart attack?”
“Let me check.”
Azemith began casting a spell as Ryoka finally got it right.
“Nalthaliarstrelous! I know him.”
The [Druid] had been turning away impatiently, but at that name she looked back at Ryoka. The Dwarf woman raised her eyebrows.
“Nalthaliarstrelous of Vale Forest’s Circle?”
Ryoka nodded as Visophecin added that detail to his notes on her. The [Druid] stared long at Ryoka.
“I know his name too. Good for you.”
Then she walked off and vanished into the underbrush without so much as moving a branch. Gadrea and Azemith laughed as Ryoka stood there.
 
——
 
Name-dropping did not impress [Druids]. However, the final immortal’s present that Ryoka saw that evening concluded the decision she was coming to.
The Singer of Terandria was here, and the [Popstar] was dancing, singing, and captivating the entire palace. Most people were talking about her or the war, but Ryoka’s own arrival had resulted in the rare visit of the Agelum, Lucifen…and other events.
