8.68
Page 54
The wind blew. For a second, across the trees and gardens outside, the wind kicked into a gale. But that was something every [Mage] could do. The Singer glanced dismissively outside. It was wind magic. Maybe not with Skills or a class, but…
She hesitated. And stared out the window and into the air. For a second, she saw a swirl of autumn leaves, the first to fall, fly upwards. And the yellow and red and orange leaves formed a giant, smiling face in the air. Just two dots of leaves and simple lips.
It…winked at her and floated apart. When she turned back, Ryoka had a bag open. And what spilled from it were stones, currency the likes of which Cara had never seen. Ryoka Griffin held up the very essence of magic, old runic stones. Obol of the Faerie King in one hand. With the other, she picked up the Faeblade and held it out to Cara.
“An alien soldier gave this to me. This is coin of the Faerie King. I’ll let you have a coin or two; you might be able to learn magic from it. Real magic. The kind that Skills and spells have nothing on.”
She offered both to Cara, and the Singer reached out for both—and jerked her hands back.
She did not touch Ryoka. The Wind Runner noticed. And she had…a sudden suspicion.
“The Summer Solstice.”
Cara wiped her hands on her legs; they were a bit sweaty. She looked at Ryoka.
“I felt the Summer Solstice was odd. And that text message made me suspect Aaron or someone was…off. But did something happen to you during the Winter Solstice?”
Ryoka felt a chill race up her arms and back. Cara was sweating now, despite the gust of wind in the room. The Singer hesitated.
“Did you meet anyone? Anyone off?”
It was just a guess. The Wind Runner looked at Cara.
“Which three did you meet?”
Cara’s face turned pale. She hesitated, searching for words. Names she didn’t have.
Names better left unsaid. Now Ryoka knew.
Erin had met them too. Had Laken? She had suspicions, but Cara just whispered.
“I met three. Yes. A man who looked like he was dancing. Three women in one. And a younger woman with a bow. A warrior. They wanted to make me a deal. I refused to take their hand. I would have rather died there. I think they did something terrible.”
Ryoka knew all three. And if Cara had taken each one’s hand…Ryoka nodded to her.
“Good. Never touch them. They’re…this is the heart of what’s happened to us, Cara. You may not believe it. But I’ve seen enough to believe. We are up against dead things. Dead ideas. But they won’t stay dead. And I think they want to be believed in. They want bodies. Hosts. They want to be worshiped. The gods are dead. But you understand—they have to stay that way. Even talking about them, much less their names, is dangerous. They’re memetic. Do you know what I mean?”
Tamaroth. She wished she didn’t know that name. A memetic threat—not memes, but something that grew more dangerous the more you knew. The worst kind of foe.
Ryoka Griffin was prepared for some kind of exclamation or more disbelief. After all, this was bigger than Avalon being real, arguably. So why did Cara turn dead white? Why did she look like she was about to vomit? Her lips opened a fraction. She gazed at Ryoka with frank…then she whispered.
“You didn’t see the text? I thought you had a phone.”
Ryoka felt a sudden pit in her stomach. Laken had told her he’d gotten…but she had assumed it was limited. Had everyone…?
“Mine was stolen. What text?”
No answer.
“Cara? What text?”
