8.68
Page 8
“You were not prohibited from moving about. You did not fear for your life, and indeed, a [Guardswoman] inquired about your wellbeing twice, Miss Iusa. You could have alerted the Watch or another official.”
He stopped the protest with a [Silence] spell.
“You claim you were afraid for your life. However, the Watch has arrested officials of the crown and protected the innocent without fail. If they had failed, I would be sentencing the Watch Captain and every [Guard] who failed to act.”
He looked calmly at the witnesses, who shifted uncomfortably. Igolze looked back at Iusa and went on.
“I put a question to you: why did you take the matter into your own hands? The answer you gave was that he had to die. You had a choice. It was not truly motivated by fear, but vengeance. You are guilty of murder, but not sentenced to execution. I offer you the choice between labor, twenty years; conscription into Ailendamus’ ranks, eight years maximum, reduced depending on your service; volunteering for magical experimentation, which will last…”
He gave her a list of options, which included volunteering to be a test subject of alchemy or magic, fighting as a conscripted soldier, labor—none of it imprisonment. Ryoka supposed Rhisveri, or perhaps Visophecin himself, had designed the system with the belief that spending money on locking people up was wasteful.
And she was so glad. Not for the poor girl who chose labor. Not for the family who saw justice done or her own family.
Part of Ryoka was simply glad because she saw the Lucifen’s justice.
And it was not hers. The Devils had no pity or humanity in them, and it showed. She listened to how Igolze broke down the [Murderer]—Iusa’s options logically. But logic in that kind of situation? That didn’t exist.
She couldn’t say he was completely wrong in all of it. But he wasn’t right. He had no compassion.
But then Ryoka Griffin realized how far the Luficen’s idea of justice cut when Igolze rose.
“Remove the defendant. In light of this ruling—the next trial shall concern the Vales family’s culpability in the case of abuse of one Iusa Vales. As the defendants are present, I summon them to the court. I summon the following witnesses…”
Every head in the courtroom turned towards the frozen people, and Ryoka saw, just for a second, what she’d been waiting for. At his podium, Igolze, the Lucifen…
Smiled.
Just for a second.
 
——
 
Afterwards, Viscount Visophecin met Ryoka as she tried to have lunch. She ended up just sipping from a fruit drink; she wasn’t hungry.
“What do you think of Ailendamus’ judicial systems? Compared to Earth?”
He appeared at her table as she turned her head. Ryoka nearly spilled the drink all over herself, but an invisible force stopped it from tipping over. She turned and saw Igolze, Azemith and a fourth Lucifen all watching her.
Visophecin did not preside over judgements, but he appeared interested as Igolze watched Ryoka with keen interest. She took a deep breath.
“It’s the most horrific thing I’ve seen so far. Magical experimentation? You’re judging the people you…”
She hesitated, but knew they were under secrecy wards.
“…eat? Haven’t you heard of bias? Or are Lucifen above it all? And you had no compassion for that young woman!”
The Lucifen looked at her, each face unmoving. Then they did it again. They smiled, and Igolze leaned forwards.
“Separating the issue of our presence as arbiters aside from the individual ruling…how, exactly, did you find my judgment wrong, Ryoka Griffin?”
