8.68
Page 59
Seraphel du Marquin stood on the battlements of Aielef’s fortress, never meant to truly be besieged. And never meant to be surrounded with her and two other [Princesses] inside.
But time…rolled across the valley and the pass as fleeing [Soldiers] ran past the fortress and others headed for the gates.
They were already under attack. Ailendamus’ forces were in hot pursuit, and lance-arrows, regular arrows, spells, and riders were harrying the panicked retreat.
It should not look like this. The Dawn Concordat would have rallied an army in the middle of a defeat, rescued their stragglers, and tried to rebuff this huge force’s advance before it could get this far.
However…Seraphel looked up at unchanging clouds. The ground below had shifted when the wave of time rolled over it. This entire battle, indeed, their siege had begun as someone had sped up time in a huge radius, letting them advance with a speed that defied comprehension.
A sneak attack worked if you had all the time in the world. She saw one of the Thronebearers race over to her as [Archers] tried to rescue as many [Soldiers] as possible. Some were being told to run on.
“We cannot house you all! Retreat to Calanfer! Go, go!”
The bulk of the defeated army raced onwards. Princess Aielef herself was arguing with the [Fortress Keeper], the commander, demanding the gates not be opened.
Ailendamus was coming. Their march was like thunder, but they had also employed massive, booming drums, and Seraphel watched a line of silver and purple and green snake down the valley.
Like some massive serpent from myth. Somewhere, the [Princess] could sense an impossibly powerful aura.
She was a [Princess] of Calanfer and could sense auras like a warrior, if not judge the pure martial prowess of it. But this one encompassed the entire army and more. Like a giant beacon similar to Pheislant’s lighthouses.
A Great General.
There was no chance of the three [Princesses], Seraphel, Vernoue, and Aielef retreating. The [Soldiers] were under fire, and if the three made a break for it, the Thronebearers’ leader had assured them that Ailendamus would probably launch an all-out assault.
So they waited. It would be a siege.
“The third one in two years.”
Aielef and Vernoue turned to Seraphel. Of all of the people present, even arguably the commanders, she was the most relaxed. Hands folded, hair blowing in the wind, she watched with a kind of weary resignation.
“I truly should have abdicated my class. This is ridiculous. Noelictus and our nations…are they going to erase every nation?”
No one responded. The drawbridge had lowered enough to let the last stragglers in. They would never make it otherwise; Ailendamus’ army was moving to encircle the fort. And to advance down Krawlnmak’s Pass. They were already elongating, one huge arm spreading out. In fact, Seraphel suspected that only one force would remain here to bottle them up.
That was how many troops Ailendamus had fielded. She was turning; even with her enchanted tiara, it was dangerous to be above, and she had no desire to see more people die or distract the defenders. If they were all captured, well. They would hardly be treated poorly, she suspected.
It just…was. Seraphel only looked back when she heard a desperate argument break out.
“Ten more minutes, Your Highness! Ten more! There are nearly a thousand [Soldiers] coming—they’ll be cut to pieces against our walls if we don’t!”
“They are nearly on top of us! Close the gates!”
Aielef was shouting. But the [Fortress Keeper] was begging her to wait.
