8.68
Page 51
“You do know we can be tracked via scrying spells? Sorry, throwing that out there.”
“Yep. But scrying spells don’t, uh, account for kanji or non-English lettering. It helps me out a bit.”
“Interesting.”
Cara was drinking some tea. Ryoka hadn’t been about to make it, but the Singer had some for her throat, mixed with honey. It was still less sugary than how Magnolia took it, so Ryoka had a cup.
She was reminded of the complicated talk she’d had with Magnolia Reinhart, but this was different. For one thing, the biggest issue between them of Earth wasn’t a problem. It was the rest that they were negotiating about. Cara looked up after a second.
The Faeblade’s hilt sat on the table in front of them. She kept eying it but didn’t move to touch it. Still, it had convinced her that Ryoka was willing to talk, so she was far less visibly wary as she nodded at Ryoka.
“Let’s both agree there are things we can’t talk about. Safety, for instance. No one but me and a few others know where it is. Even people we take to it don’t know exactly where. That’s for our sake and theirs. They’re not prisoners; they can go. But I won’t have them lead people to our doorstep. Because there are people hunting us. Let’s get into that. Everything you and I think we can share, that any side, anyone from Earth needs to know—we put on the table, agreed?”
“Absolutely.”
Ryoka smiled a bit weakly, but Cara didn’t. She glanced at the hilt of the alien sword.
“I, uh…huh. Sorry. My head is spinning. I can go first. I think you’ve got the more interesting story, and believe me, I didn’t think it was possible.”
Was there a hint of smugness there in Ryoka? No, no…just satisfaction. Just a smidge. Cara looked at Ryoka and then launched into it.
“From the top—I’m Cara. That’s not my real name, but I am from Ireland. Swear to it. I came here from Earth in the year of 2018, from Galway. One second I was coming out of a theatre and crossing the street—the next I was in Noelictus.”
“Noelictus? Is that, uh…”
“It’s a nation to the west. Noelictus, the Kingdom of Shade. They have lots of undead. Lots of farming…I was there throughout the fall and into winter. When I left, I started up as the Singer of Terandria. Small-time at first, but I used pop songs and my levels to make a name for myself. The rest you can guess—I built up my reputation and tried to find other Earthers and established Safety.”
Ryoka blinked.
“Wait, hold on. Sorry—”
Firstly, it was amazing that she had created a song-empire or the start of one from just landing in…an undead kingdom. Or a kingdom with undead, unlike Khelt, Ryoka supposed. However, what threw her from the start was…
Cara obligingly halted and saw Ryoka frowning.
“I’m from Earth. Obviously, sorry. America, Ohio. I was on a jog. But I came from Earth in 2016, and I arrived just before fall too. Last year, I mean.”
The Singer’s eyes instantly narrowed.
“That’s…I won’t say impossible. It leads me into another point. Time’s different. I met someone from 2017 who came after me—or so close that our timelines mixed. And recently? Guess what year it is on Earth—at least from people arriving?”
Ryoka had a terrible feeling in her stomach.
“2025?”
“…2021.”
“Oh. Well that’s—five years for one?”
Cara saw that Ryoka wasn’t even that blown away. Shocked, but not stunned. Ryoka had some kind of context for this. Cara just shook her head.
“Something’s different. The people from Earth are arriving later.”
“Could they be lying? Sorry, just throwing it out there. I met people from 2017, but Erin—someone from Earth—and I just assumed that made sense time-wise.”
