8.68
Page 38
“Shh. Probably. Izrilians are crazy.”
The [Knight] went on.
“Blue juice. Sweet. Then she’d take out a pizza from the ovens, and we’d all eat. And the furball would try to steal food.”
“What furball? A cat?”
“Sure. Close enough.”
Everyone laughed, and someone leaned over.
“Pizza now. You must be making this up, Ser Solstice. Or is some kind of super-[Cook] inventing a bevy of new foods?”
“Yes. Pizza is this round, hot thing. Dough in a crust and cheese and tomato sauce baked in the center. Hot, nearly melting. Don’t burn your mouth. It has toppings and…it looks like this. See?”
He tried to sketch it in the air. The Goblin [Knight] was not an evocative speaker. He didn’t use big words like the way the ovens crisped the tops of the dough; he didn’t know what leavening meant and assumed it meant beating dough with a rolling pin. But there was still something in the way Rabbiteater talked that helped people imagine the scene and fill in the gaps.
“Always warm—except when she forgets to put the fire on. Nice chairs. My brother took a blanket and wrapped himself up around the fireplace. Then everyone stole it, and the little furball set it on fire by accident. But we sit there. All five of us and her and the others and sip tea. With cookies. Or milk with cookies. Or just cookies. Blue juice is too sweet.”
“What does blue juice taste like, exactly? I’m having a hard time imagining it, Ser Solstice.”
Markus asked. The Goblin scratched at his head.
“It tastes like sugar. And blue. It is a bit thicker than orange juice. But not like sludge. It tastes not-sharp. Not like…acid? Or acid fly juice. Not that I tried. Nice and sweet.”
Listening to him describe taste without reference was amusing. Virilien took a sip of his flat water, wishing he could have any fruit juice as the [Knight] struggled. Then his eyes went wide, and he sprayed the water all over Markus’ shoulder.
“Eugh!”
Markus reacted with dismay as Rabbiteater broke off. The half-Elf gagged, checking his water bottle.
“I’m sorry—something in my water flask. That can’t be…huh?”
He poured some water onto his fingers and stared at it. Everyone turned to him, and then someone else exclaimed.
“Is something wrong with the water? Mine’s—!”
Other people began checking their flasks. Alarmed that they might have taken poisoned or bad water, Marshal Huges hurried over. But the water was good. Even Ser Ilm checked.
And yet…when Rabbiteater tried his water flask, he blinked. And his eyes went wide. There was a familiar taste to the liquid that ran out of the flask.
It didn’t affect Talia. Or a bewildered Virilien as he stepped away from the [Knight]. But as he returned, it returned.
Instead of water, Rabbiteater tasted…blue juice. That sweet, almost too-sweet at times flavor. So refreshing if you wanted something other than flat water.
“It tastes like Amentus!”
A half-Elf exclaimed. Everyone turned to Rabbiteater, and he looked blankly around. Then he heard someone exhale.
“There it is.”
He looked about, and then he felt it. Amid his recollections, the stories…
A sense that was as natural as breathing. He had thought it would feel different, but his [Aura of the Hearth] simply felt like nostalgia.
It felt like home. Talia Kalinad looked at Rabbiteater as the other Order of Seasons [Knights] saw the aura swirling around him. Uncontrolled, wild—but strong.
A Level 30 [Champion]’s aura. Rabbiteater sipped at his drink as more people clustered around.
“It beats water!”
Markus laughed as he took another sip of water. He elbowed Rabbiteater.
“Some aura, eh? Too bad it’s not as practical…”
