8.68
Page 16
Sammial came back with about fourteen [Cooks], who placed a sample of over fifty sauces and gravies on the table. His first act was to dip a new sausage in a Sugarfish syrup and take a huge bite. Ryoka and Visophecin watched him in dead silence before Ryoka turned back to Visophecin.
“How big is this theater, exactly?”
The Lucifen pulled a folder out of the air and flicked through it. Princess Oesca watched the Viscount, normally so reserved, with great interest as she tried to copy Sammial’s example.
“Your Highness, a [Princess] does not eat an entire sausage or dip in syrup like…”
The [Nursemaid] tried to correct her, and Oesca lowered it.
“Just one bite?”
“Your mother would object, Your Highness. I’m afraid I must insist. Perhaps a small sample with it cut up delicately?”
“Oh—very well.”
Oesca’s face fell as the blond [Lordling] saw the nursemaid produce a knife and fork to manage her portions. Sammial, half-choking on a huge mouthful, still managed to force out one word.
“Coward.”
The [Princess] gazed at him as Ryoka twitched and covered a smile. Oesca’s brows crossed, and she snatched the fork and skewered the sausage.
“Your Highness, no—!”
Ryoka felt a tap on the shoulder and turned from pride, death by maple syrup sausage, prejudice, and Sammial, and saw Visophecin adjusting his spectacles.
“I believe it will seat up to six thousand people. The construction has taken…two months, and Sophridel implemented a number of design aspects, such as magnification of visuals, audio…extensive illusory spells. A chandelier? Rosewood flooring…”
He frowned at the cost. Ryoka’s eyes bugged out at the numbers. That had to be wrong. But Visophecin just hmmed.
“Sophridel is a lover of the arts, as you may understand. He was quite…passionate about the plays. I believe we have you to thank for the copies of the plays arriving. Your name helped persuade the Players of Celum to send them.”
“Me? Wait—how do you know—?”
The Lucifen gave Ryoka a steady look.
“You are listed on file as a close associate with the Players of Celum. It is not difficult to read a piece of paper. With an appropriately trained intelligence network, of course.”
“But I didn’t tell them to give you anything.”
Visophecin blinked at her.
“No, you did not. Perhaps the Players of Celum felt it was in their best interests to ingratiate themselves with one of Terandria’s biggest nations. Or that this would help your situation. They may have sent a [Message]. I could check?”
“No. It’s just…so you’re putting on plays?”
“Would you like to visit the theatre? I believe Sophridel may be presiding over the affair.”
“I’ll go too! Ryoka, you don’t take me to interesting things! I wanted to visit the garden! Let’s go, Oesca. And get your friends. Plays are interesting! That’s what Ryoka told me. If she lies, we’ll blame her.”
Sammial waved a hand furiously, and Oesca, dabbing at her dress, looked up.
“I do have lessons—”
“Stuff your lessons! Just tell them to go away and use your aura. I do.”
“But I’m a [Princess]…”
Ryoka and Visophecin could have stopped this as Sammial sneered at Oesca, but neither one did. Ryoka because she slightly approved. Visophecin probably because he found it intensely amusing.
“Exactly! You’re a [Princess], and I’m a [Lord] of House Veltras. No one tells us what to do!”
“Don’t listen to him, Your Highness. He’s Izrilian. Please, your mother will be furious…”
