8.68
Page 26
“Then we’ll have to simply find our way back. Maybe to Calanfer—there’s a friendly pass—Krawlnmak’s Pass; it hasn’t fallen, and that’s one of the few main entrances.”
“Ah, the famed stand of the Dawn Concordat. One wonders why they don’t just pull back to there.”
Thaime shook his head, and Rabbiteater himself recalled Eldavin’s lecture. Even the Necromancer had held that place—when he had been the Archmage of Death, Perril Chandler. Talia just shook her head.
“Kaliv isn’t lost yet. But we should hurry. We only have three days of food, and Marshal Huges has recommended half-rations after tonight.”
The [Knights] didn’t audibly protest, but they looked gloomy at the idea. Rabbiteater just shrugged, and Talia turned to him. It was Ser Ilm—who didn’t know his real identity—who spoke up brightly.
“Ser Solstice. How do you think we should continue? Back or forwards?”
Thaime and Talia hesitated. They knew Rabbiteater’s identity, but the Goblin calmly replied.
“I’m not in charge.”
“Even so—you proposed the idea of a raid. What would you do?”
Rabbiteater shrugged.
“Keep raiding. Split up. Sixteen groups; we hit more prisoner trains.”
“What, like [Bandits]?”
Thaime was outraged. Rabbiteater smiled brightly behind his helm.
“Yep. Spread out, join up to hit any prisoner trains. When they come—run. Oh, and find a good hiding spot. This is a nice place.”
He nodded around, and everyone stared up at the imposing cliffs and mountain range that was Kaliv. It wasn’t the High Passes, but the mountains were wonderfully familiar to Rabbiteater.
“We live in caves. Probably some goats or deer live around here. Good eating. We need a deep cave…thing. Maze? Cave system. We hide, continue raiding. Four months.”
“Four months? What do we eat?”
Markus was horrified. Rabbiteater scratched at his head.
“Mushrooms? Mushrooms and goats.”
And bugs, but he felt that was a big ask. Ilm was fascinated.
“Those are historical guerrilla tactics, and I believe Kaliv may fall back to something similar themselves, Ser Solstice. But our arms? Armor? How would we maintain them?”
“You don’t. You try—then replace. Loot gear, and…”
“I’m afraid we won’t do that, Ser Solstice. It may be tactically advantageous, but that is not possible for our Order. We will regroup and take to the field with whatever army is nearby.”
Talia interrupted Rabbiteater, and the two looked at each other. The Goblin met her gaze and felt it searching him.
He had mixed feelings on Talia. She and he had stopped being, well, close after she discovered his identity. She had made it very plain how she felt about Goblins.
But she had also come after him to rescue him. So—Rabbiteater gave her a pass.
He shrugged.
“Suit yourself.”
Talia was in charge, so Rabbiteater wasn’t about to challenge her for command. [Knights] didn’t work like that, he was sure, and besides, he didn’t mind regrouping and hot baths and such. She began discussing their route back to linking up with the Order of Seasons with the others, but Ser Ilm, Markus, and Meisa beckoned Rabbiteater aside. The Autumn Knight regarded Rabbiteater curiously.
“I saw you using your aura in battle. Or trying to, Ser Solstice. No luck?”
“Nope.”
Three days of practice, and Rabbiteater was learning from the world’s greatest experts on aura-fighting…and he had failed to manifest his abilities. That was a higher-level thing, but the Goblin was having trouble with even beginner training.
