8.68
Page 35
There was one half-Elf who might do that. To everyone’s relief, Ser Solstice shook his head.
“No. An ice mage. She eats bugs. She did it in her forest. I wondered if you did.”
“Oh. A rural half-Elf. One of the forest-dwellers.”
Everyone relaxed, and there were some incredulous looks. He must have met…
“So there are some of our kin on Izril, of course. We, ah, do not eat bugs. Ser Solstice.”
Virilien replied with mixed amusement and outrage. The [Knight] hmmed.
“Too bad. I thought half-Elves would be tougher.”
Every pointed ear froze for a moment, and eyes narrowed. Virilien’s smile was markedly less diplomatic.
“Do you object to our pace, Ser Solstice?”
The [Knight] looked around; the half-Elves were not far apart from the rest of the column, so his voice was audible to other Humans listening in.
“Yep. You’re all slow. Pheislant, [Knights]…you could move faster. But that’s okay.”
He said it so insultingly calmly that everyone picked up the pace instantly. Now, the mysterious [Knight] was the source of glares, but he just increased his speed.
“I regret to inform you we do not have horses, Ser Solstice.”
“Neither did I. You want to race? I’ll race you fifteen miles.”
Was it bravado? He sounded so cheerful—but Verilian recognized what he was doing. The pace was picking up, but there was only so hard the [Knight] could push them.
He was clearly a warrior who was used to motivating others. The half-Elves were now striding rather than walking, but they deliberately kept up their conversation.
“I hope we haven’t offended you in some way, Ser Solstice? I don’t believe our people have fallen behind Humans in any way.”
“Nope. I don’t know your fighting. Eating bugs is useful. You could go faster. This is just talking.”
Did he mean that? A few of the warriors glanced at him oddly. So why was he here? The [Knight] strode along without seeming to even feel the enhanced pace in his armor. Then he spoke.
“Gaiil-Drome is your nation, right?”
“Yes.”
Virilien frowned at the [Knight]. The stranger hmmed again.
“Never been. Do you have good food?”
It was the most blaisé talk ever. About to scoff, the half-Elves hesitated because he sounded uniquely, completely, innocently curious. To test him, Virilien gave him another fake smile.
“Have you never heard of half-Elven cuisine, Ser Solstice? I imagine our food does not differ from the fare you might find in other nations.”
“Okay. But I have never eaten half-Elven food. Or at a restaurant.”
Hmm?
That had to be a lie. Even a few of the [Archers] from villages that were reclusive or the forest towns grinned. But Ser Solstice’s helmeted head didn’t move.
“A pub then. Surely you’ve had a few…Izirilian pubs might not have that many half-Elven dishes. A Gaiilen Salad?”
“Nope. I’ve eaten salads. What’s Gaiilen Salad?”
“Oh—”
Flustered, the [Bow Leader] found himself being honest.
“It’s a national dish. It comes from the Hinterthere Melons that we grow. A magical one that sparkles; it grows deep in the forests, but it can be cultivated. It’s just a fruit salad, truthfully, but it’s a meal unto itself. An entire bowl full of fruits. Wild blackberries from home, sometimes Peckle Nuts—tiny acorns sprinkled in.”
Bellies started grumbling at the very thought of the salad. They had other foods, too. Salad was not what the half-Elves wanted. A brisket…but the strange [Knight] was making appreciative sounds. Was he smacking his lips?
“Is it good?”
“It…you’ve never heard of it?”
A bit of national outrage sparked in a few breasts. One of the half-Elves leaned over.
