8.68
Page 25
“Oh—we’ll have to rearm them, and it’ll slow our pace. Makes us a bigger target. I think it’s just the lack of supplies our leaders are worried about, Ser.”
He was cautious. Rabbiteater looked sideways at the [Knights] and shrugged.
“We have food for six days. Now…four? Three? Half-rations soon.”
Hughes nodded seriously.
“It’ll have to be, Ser Solstice. My hope is we either find a supply train, someone to barter with, or we reach a friendly camp, but we’re headed into Kaliv, and Ailendamus has most of the lowlands. I’ve heard we might even signal for a Griffin drop of goods if we can communicate with their crown.”
“…Why?”
Rabbiteater scratched at his armor. Three days of food sounded like all the time in the world to find more to him. But that, he supposed, was the difference.
The Order of Seasons was really bad at roughing it. They could and had journeyed across Izril to get home without issue, but the instant they found they had chipped blades or were losing horses and such, or getting hungry, they started talking about finding their way back from enemy lines.
Huges seemed to agree. He cast dark eyes at the [Glory Captain].
“We’re poised to make a mess of their supply lines, Ser Solstice. A few more raids and we’ll have a real army following us if we don’t already. But it’ll take more speed, and I hope the prisoners can keep up. It might be better to send ‘em on their own way. Kaliv’s regulars are tough as the mountains they come from, but Calanfer is used to…protocol.”
“They suck?”
“Yes, sir. Not that I should say as much once we join ranks.”
Rabbiteater sighed. Soft Humans. Wonderful.
However, the Dawn Concordat’s spirits were actually higher than Pheislant’s and the Order of Seasons as Talia finished talking to their leaders, and they fell into line with the others. After all—allies were a welcome thing in the war the Dawn Concordat was losing.
“A floral lot, for certain. That [Glory Captain] talked your ear off, Dame Talia.”
“Hush, Ser Thaime.”
As the [Knights] regrouped for their discussions, apart from the regular [Soldiers] and without Huges, they talked over the recent arrivals and the battle. Rabbiteater rode with Thaime, Ilm, Markus, Meisa, Talia, and a few other veteran [Knights]. Markus shook his head.
“More hands won’t be too bad. More mouths to feed…they are good [Soldiers]?”
It was a question that earned him a slap to the back of the head—again—by Meisa this time.
“They’ve fought bravely, Markus. They didn’t just surrender. We’ll be well-served by them if we fight. I’d be more wary if we picked up four hundred Thronebearers.”
Quiet laughter. Talia frowned at Meisa, but she couldn’t hide a faint grimace.
“Let us not speak so in front of the Dawn Concordat—but yes, I think the [Glory Captain] was used to interacting with his own nation’s Order. And I regret to say it—but the Thronebearers of Calanfer have not stuck long in most battles. They are trying to hold the line, but the word is a huge army led by one of Ailendamus’ Great Generals is poised to meet them in battle.”
“Well, they must hold the line long enough for the Order of Seasons to push forwards. Knight Commander Calirn will be mustering a truer force to supplement Ser Greysten’s push. Once Summer regroups, I have no doubt Spring or Winter will push forwards on a separate front.”
Each Season would fight with reinforcements from complementary seasons, so the Order might have four different warbands as Rabbiteater understood it. Talia nodded.
