8.68
Page 7
Ryoka Griffin sat in on one of the court hearings. She heard the fear among the witnesses hoping that a young woman who had committed a murder, a crime of passion, might get a lighter sentence. She watched with more insight than the rest.
This was what they wanted. A system by which people—terrible people, yes—were legally and swiftly dealt with. Where they could not only administer perfect, beautiful law in an idealized version of a nation, to them, but also reap the rewards of those condemned to death.
The question was to Ryoka—was it corrupt?
She felt it had to be, hence why she took time out of her busy day of panicking about anything and everything to check. The Lucifen were not impartial judges. They had, in legal parlance, a big fucking stake in the outcome of every case they presided upon. They ate the condemned. So surely they were biased and this was a bad system, right?
…Right?
Igolze, the steely-eyed Lucifen judge, wore a kind of grey suit unlike robes that should have looked terrible on him. But the air of faint metal and oil, his perfect, slim posture, and the way he gazed down upon the proceedings without a hint of emotion, even in the face of tears, made him seem like some kind of otherworldly judge.
Which he was. The Devil sat, listening, refusing to change his posture during the hour of discussion where the entire backstory of the young woman was brought up. Ryoka listened to a murder of passion against her lover—who had been abusive—and his mother, who had been culpable and aware of the entire situation.
However, it had been a premeditated murder, not merely passion, although passion was the inciting event; the [Murderer] in question had hidden a knife on her body during the final, fatal encounter. On the other hand, she confessed that she had kept the knife six times before that and only snapped in the final, pivotal beating.
Whereupon she had stabbed her former lover to death and ignored his pleas for a healing potion. After which, his mother, hearing the commotion, tried to kill the young woman, and it led to a brutal fight which…
If Ryoka had been the jury or judge in this case, she would have been forced to make either an emotional judgment or one that had to rely on the rules, because she felt for the girl, but, she had to admit, it was murder. But the abuse…
Igolze had no such qualms. He spoke, sipping from a cup of water after an hour of directing the [Guards], [Mages], and other people present in the room to administer [Detect Truth] spells and so on.
“I judge the following: the defendant is guilty of murder. She deliberately and knowingly planned to murder her lover.”
A groan swept up from the room while some of those waiting for justice looked up. Igolze continued, lifting a hand and sweeping the room with his piercing, faintly red glare. It lingered just a moment on Ryoka, watching in the stands from above. Anyone was free to enter and watch.
“I also judge the defendant was a victim of abuse and assault from both victims. Neither instance exonerates her; she acted in what would be considered self-defense in the moment. That she knowingly kept a weapon on her is indication that she was prepared for murder. I consider the second death, of Northa Vales, in part self-defense as the defendant was attacked with a shortsword. However, Ailendamus’ laws are clear.”
He looked down at the terrified [Murderer], bound by magical spells. Not one muscle moved in Igolze’s face for mercy or anger. He looked at her like a bug defiling his home. More like disgust. We have rules. Why would you bother breaking them?
