8.68
Page 15
Like the Singer’s very arrival, although Ryoka could not know that. What she did know and even participate in were the plays.
“The what.”
Ryoka Griffin rubbed her ear as she sat at a late lunch with Sammial Veltras. After her visit to the courts and garden, Ryoka had gone to see him.
Their fortunes had changed such that neither were exactly a prisoner. Sammial was, more than Ryoka at least, but since she had paid her debt…he was given a free rein of the palace, albeit with an escort, and so was she.
That actually cut down on the problems the two caused. In fact, Sammial had spent all the morning in company.
Princess Oesca of Ailendamus watched Ryoka as she ate with a hovering [Nursemaid] glaring daggers at Ryoka and Sammial. The [Lord] speared a bit of sausage with a dagger and ate it with a grimace.
“What is this? I hate it.”
Ryoka eyed the green sausage.
“Why did you get it, then? Excuse me—plays?”
She turned to Visophecin, who raised his brows as he politely sipped at some soup, manners impeccable. He nodded, but Sammial cut him off.
“I got it because it was green. Duh! It tastes…weird.”
The Lucifen eyed the offending sausage.
“I believe it is made entirely of plant-matter. For half-Elves and other guests who would prefer not to eat meat.”
“No meat?”
In outrage, Sammial dissected the sausage. Ryoka took a piece and found it beat other vegetarian sausages she’d had. Indeed, the [Lord] chewed on his food furiously and relented.
“It’s good. If I put some fat gravy on it, I’d really like it. Do you have any?”
He turned to Oesca, and the [Princess] hesitated.
“I think we do? The [Chefs] can make everything, Sammial. Miss Ryoka, would you like some?”
Ryoka shrugged, then amended her statement.
“Er, I wouldn’t turn it down, Your Highness, but I don’t need any. Sammial—where are you going?”
“To get some gravy. Sausage needs good gravy. Aunt Buscrei told me that. Oesca, let’s go find some.”
That objectionable statement aside, what made the servants and bodyguards look on in horror was Sammial hopping off his chair, taking Oesca by the hand, and dragging her towards one of the kitchens. The [Princess] followed along, nervous and excited by turns at this breach of decorum. And Sammial’s aura meant that the [Nursemaid] had to fight to catch him.
Ryoka and Visophecin looked on as Ryoka chewed on Sammial’s sausage. She turned back to Visophecin and found he was staring at Sammial.
“…I do not interact with children often. That young boy seems unusually—gifted.”
The Lucifen frowned after Sammial. Ryoka shrugged.
“I’ve seen weirder.”
He focused on her with a slightly disbelieving look, which told her he really didn’t meet children. Just imagine what Mrsha would do?
Ryoka missed Mrsha. She stopped eating. Then she went back to Visophecin’s statement, to Oesca’s delight and Sammial’s interest. And Ryoka’s surprise.
“…Did you say there were plays coming to Ailendamus?”
The Lucifen nodded.
“We have obtained copies of the plays from the ‘Players of Celum’, I believe. It took some negotiating, but it is my understanding one of the palace wings is nearly finished with renovations.”
“For plays.”
“For a theatre, yes. Sophridel requested it, and since it would fall under the arts and not just personal…indulgence, Rhisveri approved the measure. Not that Sophridel couldn’t have simply put the request through our own systems. Indeed, it was already proposed. He simply enlarged the project.”
