8.68
Page 13
“No. That would be what Rhisveri gets. I don’t understand his desires—but I am not a Wyrm. We don’t begrudge him his ambitions, so long as we get what we want. We have learned to compromise. Besides, for some, he is our only hope and shelter. Fithea…poor Fithea. She dreams of a day when he will give her a forest ten thousand miles across in every direction, untouched by even half-Elves.”
“That day will never come, even should we take all of Terandria.”
Azemith’s smile was crueler. Uzine shrugged his shoulders.
“Then Terandria and Izril? But in the meantime…ah, here we are. Part of her wish is this.”
They came to a stop, and Ryoka found herself looking up at the Royal Gardens. Not the hedge-maze of outside, nor, in truth, even the colorful walkways where visitors were allowed. For good reason. When they walked through the vast archway, they passed through a long hallway with lettering glittering on the walls. Ryoka gazed upwards and felt nostalgia, again. The messages—rules for visitors, really—were straight and to the point.
 
Littering is punishable.
Plucking flowers or any plants without permission is not allowed.
Do not stray off the paths for your own sake.
It is a crime to bring animals, insects, or other creatures into the garden.
Beware of the [Druids].
 
The area past the doors was so bright Ryoka shaded her eyes for a second. When she lowered her hands, she glanced up and blinked.
“Um. What happened to the ceiling?”
She stared up and wondered if they’d gone outside. For the ceiling was gone, and a bright, foreign sky, too bright for the day outside, shone down. The air felt more humid—and Ryoka would have looked for the rest of the palace if it weren’t for the trees.
The…trees she was sure that she had never seen before, because they would have been on-par with the palace’s tallest towers. Gigantic redwoods, as large as any of Earth’s biggest, and stranger plants still.
One tree had branches that were just long, with these spreading leaves such that it was practically as long horizontally as vertically. Impossibly suspended leaves fanned outwards, casting shadows a hundred feet overhead on thin, magical wood that was bright grey.
It could not physically exist on Earth because no wood or tree could hold that kind of weight, as impossibly thin and long as the branches were. One gust of wind or simply gravity would snap that kind of architecture.
But here, this tree existed, and it was thin and spread aggressively, fighting for light and water with the other trees. It was just one—but Ryoka’s eyes widened as she looked up at the…
“Blue fruit tree? Wait—is that a blue fruit tree?”
The Agelum and Lucifen were enjoying her reaction as the Courier spun around. On the ground were glowing plants, ranging from mundane plants like thistles, in their dangerous glory, growing without being pruned, to Sage’s Grass to…
It was like someone had taken a snapshot of every single plant they could and put it in this place. A vast preserve where plants were given leave to grow without end, even war with each other—but the existence of every species was preserved. Azemith craned her head to look at the blue fruit tree.
“It certainly has blue fruit. Please tell me that is not how your world names trees? What do you call apple trees? Red fruit trees? That’s the Amentus tree that Fithea wanted, wasn’t it? Didn’t the fruits poison some foreign diplomat’s son one time?”
“Poisonous pits, yes. I believe our Thirsting Veil Knights and the Ministry of Intelligence harvest the interiors. It’s grown quite large.”
