8.68
Page 40
But he was tireless. Adaptable. The other [Soldiers] were getting hints of good food and finishing their rations when Virilien felt someone clap him on the shoulder with an armored hand.
The half-Elves started as Ser Solstice, the mysterious [Pizza Knight], pointed ahead.
“Good. We ate. We had fun. Bellies sort of full. Next question—can half-Elves march?”
The question would have provoked bristling an hour ago. The [Bow Leader] simply smiled archly now.
“Do you mean to ask if we can keep up your pace, Ser Solstice?”
“Yes. Let’s see if you can.”
He began to speed up. Again, not on horseback. The horse trotted after him, feed bag in its mouth. Talia had to object as she rode forwards.
“Ser Solstice. There’s no need to tire ourselves out. The scouts are ahead of us—but we are headed to safety. We’ll soon be behind the Dawn Concordat’s front.”
The [Knight] turned to her.
“Yes, so we get to safety faster. Marching properly isn’t tiring. I’m tired of slowness. Come on. Half-Elves can run. I saw Ceria run like shit from a skunk.”
And he had the hang of his aura. The half-Elves were only too willing to pick up the pace, if only to show the Humans how it was done. True, they were carrying [Archer]’s gear, so they were certainly lighter than heavy infantry, but everyone began to speed up.
Talia watched the pace Rabbiteater set worriedly. It was a Redfang’s pace, which meant that it was a jog. And it could probably beat most standard armies’ speeds if he intended to keep it up all day.
But it was not sustainable unless they had stamina potions. Everyone realized their legs would be burning by twenty minutes of this—those not accustomed to roadwork, that was.
Marshal Huges himself jogged up to Rabbiteater.
“Ser Solstice—this might be too fast. It’ll wear out the troops.”
“Then they level.”
“If we have to fight—”
“We fight tired. Everyone gets more energy when they’re about to die.”
The [Marshal] couldn’t fault that logic, but he wondered if the soldiers were willing to follow the pace. The ones around Rabbiteater—perhaps. But the others, like the Calanferians, knew perfectly well they didn’t have to move this fast and that they weren’t in danger.
There was a risk. And yet, as the Goblin began to run faster and even the Gaiil-Drome [Soldiers] began to look askance, Talia’s eyes widened.
There was no way. He did not have that kind of control.
But he was a [Champion]. And an [Aura Knight]. And she realized something. Meisa breathed it out.
“It’s two. He just doubled it.”
The convivial heat and warmth of an inn far away and long gone faded from the air. Something odd made Virilien’s ears twitch. Yet it was still…coming from Rabbiteater. The same aura, but something had changed. The [Bow Leader], as a very low-level [Commander] himself, had felt enough auras during the war and over seventy years to realize this was an aura.
But this…was something that even Sophridel had never conceived.
[Aura of the Hearth]. It did what it said. It was an aura of home and comfort. Hearth, which was a broad word with many connotations and meanings. Even so—perhaps never before had it been used this way.
Rabbiteater’s second aura informed and expanded it. But that was only in scope, such that Calanferians, jogging along and protesting to the [Glory Captain], who was rapidly formulating a civil protest, the Kaliv infantry, the Gaiil-Drome half-Elves, and Pheislant’s army…heard something in the air.
