8.68
Page 43
“Uh, how old are you? And what kind of abilities…do you have? Sorry, I’m just really curious. What about Gilaw?”
Menorkel sighed.
“I think I’m twelve. Fithea raised me, and we counted since she found me, so I’m ‘twelve’ in that sense. I grew up for a long time before then…I’m probably older than Ailendamus, but I think of myself as twelve. Which would be younger, if you understand.”
He raised his brows, and Ryoka gazed up at him. Twelve was obviously wrong. So he meant…younger than Ailendamus, which was 200.
So he was a hundred and twenty years old. To confirm, she muttered.
“That’s…by ten, not by a hundred, yeah? And you don’t count the time before meeting Fithea? Why not?”
Menorkel nodded.
“That’s right. And I don’t count the other parts because I didn’t do anything. I was just…there. Trapped. It’s a long story.”
His eyes shifted much like Regalius’ had, but Menorkel was not a man in his early thirties who had made peace with his past, so he didn’t elaborate. Ryoka saw him shrug as he went on.
“I’m not magical, if that’s what you’re asking. I’m really just like a half-Giant. Rhisveri keeps telling me to practice fighting, but I don’t like it, not like Gilaw.”
“Does she—she can, uh, turn? I mean, she rides a Griffin.”
“Yes. That’s one of her abilities. She’s just—stronger. Faster. She’s a Great Knight by our standards, but she’s still young, which is why she doesn’t fight in wars. I’m a bit stronger than her, but I don’t want to fight. I want to…you know. Sing.”
He whispered that last part as if that was the big secret here. And Gilaw was strong enough to match other Great Knights…which made sense since she was a Royal Griffin.
“So you don’t, uh, have any other talents?”
“I’m strong, I guess I’m tough…and I have two points of view. That’s about it.”
Menorkel looked embarrassed, and Ryoka felt she was pressuring the teen. She scratched at her head.
“Okay. Uh…well, I’m happy to go with you to meet the Singer of Terandria. I’d like to meet her too, but I doubt it’ll be easy.”
“Why?”
Menorkel gave Ryoka an odd look which she returned with interest.
“Because she’s the most famous [Singer] on the continent?”
“And you’re a Courier. If anyone would be able to meet her, it’s you.”
“Oh. I guess you’re right.”
When they got to the place where Cara was rehearsing with her band, Ryoka got to assess the Singer of Terandria, Cara O’Sullivan, and the caravan that had carried her across the continent at last, without surprise or panic. And she noticed some interesting things.
Firstly, Cara was from Earth.
It was the aesthetic. It was the songs. True, she could have murdered someone and taken their iPhone or found something by accident, which Ryoka had always banked as an outside chance, but Cara was too knowing. She sang words from the clearly-adjusted pop and rock songs and performed like someone from the modern era.
She mixed in elements of all the kinds of celebrity that worked. She was a personality, and it was manufactured.
Ryoka saw a five-foot-something girl, maybe a bit taller than average, but certainly shorter than Ryoka, who looked caucasian…and was probably Irish to judge by her name. She didn’t have any noticeable wounds on her face and hands or other unique details, although she was certainly fairly fit.
That was all Ryoka got physically, because Cara’s dress and even hair changed to match the [Singer]’s needs. One second, she looked like she was walking out with slightly curly, brown hair, waving at the cheering crowd of young people in a casual, if slightly odd white-and-black outfit of a modified t-shirt and pants—
