8.68
Page 45
And there, eying the entire caravan as she stood, arms folded, in the shadow of the dancing half-Giant boy, was the Wind Runner. The wind blew around her light clothing and her long hair at every moment, and a few magical items glowed on her body to anyone with the sight; an amulet, two rings…
The band saw her. The tall girl realized they were watching her and pointing.
“Is that…her?”
Rae wasn’t playing with Thien, so she, Greg, Abebi the [Manager], and two helpers—all Earthers—were observing the Wind Runner. She knew she should be playing, but she couldn’t turn it on like Cara, who could perform at any moment.
Was that her? A Courier—Rae knew how famous that was, and she had seen Ryoka Griffin on the news. It was surreal just seeing her here. She had some kind of weird, magical armband, and she looked—
Well, like other Couriers. Weird. Bare feet, yet surrounded by a magical wind and standing with a giant guy! Young man. In Ailendamus, where, according to Cara, the situation was dicey.
Yet Cara refused to tell anyone, even Abebi, everything, so they had to play it by ear. Greg objected, but Greg objected to a lot of things, and he was only too happy to sign body parts and cards.
Greg. Cara was going to kick him off the band and send him back to Safety later. That was the name for the place. Rae didn’t know where it was exactly, and that was good, because no one had heard from Elena in Wistram, and she had sworn she would come back within a month if she could.
That she had not was proof there were no real allies there. Anyways, Greg making his own list of people he wanted to jump into bed with wasn’t important. The Wind Runner was.
“I can go talk to her.”
Abebi slipped sideways, but Rae whispered urgently.
“Cara said not to! We’re being observed, and you’re the [Manager].”
The young woman hesitated. Cara had said that, but…
“We have to talk to her before she leaves anyways. I’ll be careful. Maybe I’ll ask if she wants to do a delivery. There’s worse people to do it. I’ll be subtle.”
That was true. Rae had gotten used to performing, enough to make this big important trip, but she was terrified of messing up and letting the secret out. Cara was as cool as glass, and Thien could do it, but he was doing a drum solo as the [Singer] took a gulp of water.
“One more song, my lovely stars!”
Her next song made Rae frown.
“Is she just lip-syncing?”
Normally Cara sang every song, but Abebi shrugged.
“She’s phoning it in. Don’t worry; they love it. She needs to head inside and rest, anyways. We’re only doing a few songs, but the banquet is going to be big. We’ll probably only get groupies, but Cara has to impress. Now, let me get to her…”
“But Cara said—”
True enough, Cara finished a short two-minute song as Abebi and Rae argued. She waved, blew the audience a kiss, and, to their disappointment, walked back to her trailer.
Odd as well. She normally did crowd work as Cara put it. But she must have been saving her energy. Abebi was just about to ask Thien to go out there.
“Okay, not me. Thien chats the Wind Runner up, okay? He pretends he’s interested in her—it’s a Greg move, but it’s convincing. If she knows us and she has to…we get to talk. If not, we know something’s up, alright?”
Rae could agree with that. But they could also get Cara. The two were hurrying over to Thien when Abebi saw something and went white.
“Oh no. That bastard. That Creler-headed idiot.”
Rae looked over and saw the worst person, ever, sidle up to Ryoka. She watched from afar as Greg introduced himself to the aloof girl, put his arm around her in a hug, and she recoiled.
