8.68
Page 6
That was the thing. Sophridel was everywhere at once. He could have multiple masks, although for secrecy’s sake he only used them in very safe, non-combat settings. But one of his other selves was, at this very moment, doing internal bookkeeping on all of Ailendamus’ records.
All the records. She sat in a rather sumptuous room, with every whim catered to. She ate her favorite food, and the [Secretary], a notorious recluse, had once very publicly said she would have quite enjoyed being locked in a prison cell and forced to work rather than be married and deal with the rest of the world.
In her mask, she got her wish, checking for mistakes or corruption internally. Another of Sophridel’s selves was a [Teacher] who imparted magical lessons every few months.
That was who he was. The main body of the Elemental of Masks juggled his selves effortlessly. Again, he was his components. He was no mere Archmage who had to wrestle with parallel thoughts and a limited mind. The Elemental of Masks grew according to his resources, and he had been empowered by all of Ailendamus.
The only question was—er, well…
Was that a bad thing?
It certainly was to Ailendamus’ enemies, as the Elemental had broken almost every cipher and encryption sent against him. And Sophridel was only one immortal in the Kingdom of Glass and Glory. The others could be even more scary.
 
——
 
The Ministry of Intelligence—spying—was one branch of Ailendamus’ actually competent government. Suspiciously competent, one might say, and somehow devoid of corruption on any large scale.
It was hard to do that in a nation. For instance—did you trust your judges? Did you have a judicial system in your species?
Gnolls had [Shamans] and [Chieftains], who could be…biased. Drakes did have a judicial system, but they had certain provisions where the Watch Captain or Council or army had a certain overruling presence.
Humans sometimes just went to the nearest noble, who in turn reported to a higher noble and then a monarch.
Ailendamus had a court system. Not unheard of, but it had [Judges], [Arbiters], and so on. Individuals who would administer an entire region, hold Watch Captains to account, and even punish adventurers who were often considered above the law. They might be ‘above the law’ in a city state.
Not in Ailendamus, where a greatbow would tap you on the shoulder instead of a Level 5 [Archer] with a shortbow. But who were the judges?
“They’re here. Eleven of them.”
The rumor of one of the more famous groups of judges and nobility among Ailendamus was overshadowed by the arrival of the Singer of Terandria and the war. Even so—eleven of House Shoel descending on the capital was a nightmare for any prisoner awaiting judgment.
The cold, impartial men and women of Viscount Visophecin’s family were known for their famous adherence to the law. They entertained no emotional arguments, and each one was rumored to have an emotion-suppressing Skill, because they would send doe-eyed young adults to the chopping block if the crime warranted it.
They could not be bribed or intimidated, and the few who had tried had learned to fear House Shoel’s reach. It seemed to most to be a miserable job, to be so feared and to condemn so many to death, because the judges almost always presided over the worst and most heinous of crimes.
What they did not understand was how much the Lucifen enjoyed it.
