8.68
Page 31
“Indeed they do. The naked aspect, you see? Winters do get cold, and one day we dressed them up as a lark. The next thing I knew, we had a wardrobe, and they refused to be denuded of their clothing. Then a [Tailor] began doing clothing for pets…”
“I have to see these cats.”
Trust Regalius to have cats that enjoyed dressing up. The man smiled.
“Ah, then I needn’t tempt you with dining or anything else? If we are exceptionally lucky, we might see one of them sporting the new hats—at your convenience, Miss Ryoka. I know you have business here. I am not one to shirk duty. At least—anymore.”
Ryoka had had this feeling once. It was of thinking you knew someone based on how they looked. Like a puddle. Like Lupp. Then stepping into the puddle and almost drowning.
Regalius owned cats with hats. And that wistfully guilty look that flitted over his face as they stepped out of the shadow of the palace into the light and he shaded his eyes…
“Er…if that’s personal…what did that mean, Regalius?”
He started slightly, and a rueful look crossed his brows.
“Ah, oh. Forgive me. It’s such old hat—pardon me—at court that everyone would know. I would hardly like to conceal it. I have made many indiscretions as a younger man, Miss Ryoka. I suppose I should even go as far as to mention that House Ecte has had a troubled time of late. First in the past, entirely my fault, and now…”
Another wistful look came over his face. Ryoka saw his expression slip, and then Regalius smiled again but didn’t hide that look of brief pain.
“My brother passed away last year.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.”
“Thank you. I try not to dwell…it was a tragedy, and Their Majesties themselves…no. But in truth, he tried so hard to make up for my mistakes. You are aware noble titles can be awarded far more frequently in Ailendamus?”
“N—yes? A bit.”
Regalius nodded.
“Ecte is by way of being one of the stronger Houses, if I do say so myself. We occupy a newer province to the west—new is relative, of course, as Ailendamus is young—and we have been a strong ally to the nation in deed and the stability and profitability of our estates. Indeed, we are well thought-of, if I don’t mistake our nature at court. I have always believed we would have been elevated to a viscounty or perhaps even earldom by now. It was considered and in progress. But for me.”
Ryoka was fascinated. Someone moving upwards outside of marriage was exceptionally rare but unsurprising given Rhisveri’s views on the kingdom. A meritocracy was like him.
“Did you…do something?”
The [Baron] turned away and flushed slightly. He tugged at his gloves.
“Oh, absolutely. It’s an old story, so I won’t bore you with the details, Miss Ryoka. I’m ashamed to say it is a tale I cannot bear to speak long on. You see—when I was a boy, House Ecte was beyond itself as a rising star. The potential for an earldom or possibly even…marquis? My father took steps to ensure that and spent over half our capital in hopes of rising higher. So much so that he…arranged a marriage.”
Arranged marriages didn’t surprise Ryoka. What did was the complete look of shame on Regalius’ face. He went on.
“A marriage I promptly overturned to marry a [Shepherd]’s daughter, throwing us into disgrace for over a decade. My brother restored our name, and I have done my best to be a good civil servant. But it was no mere marriage.”
A boy overturning an arranged marriage for love. Checked out. Ryoka nodded slowly.
“You did love Yietha?”
Again, the [Baron] stopped. The shadow darkened.
