8.68
Page 4
The astute half-Elf extended two nearly-translucent fingers to accept the piece of paper with Ser Ilm’s missive. The servant was all too ready to wait in an antechamber, or come back and provide him with more references from the [Spymaster].
She was used to the very competent wing of Ailendamus’ spy networks and in fact was no mere [Servant], but a [Servant of Intrigue]. That she was personally running this request was because there were some letters so important that even holding them without opening them required you to be important. Even within the safe and secure capital.
So she knew Lord Sophridel was important. She had never met him before, only seen him from afar. She was also uncertain why the [Spymaster], a scrupulous woman who had once blown off her own arm rather than let the letter she was holding fall into enemy hands, hadn’t sent him an entire packet of material for him to help with codebreaking the Order of Seasons’ ciphers.
This was a single note. Lord Sophridel would need more references—and they changed their ciphers on the regular! Even their own specialists hadn’t been able to immediately code-break it. So that was why it was astonishing when the quiet half-Elf handed the note back.
“A research request and report on the battle. I reference ‘Ser Solstice’ as a [Knight] and [Aura of the Hearth] and [Aura of the Brave] for lookup in their libraries. I will now write the contents of the message, verbatim, and my own recollection of both auras in brief. Allow me two minutes.”
He produced a piece of paper and quill and wrote delicately. The [Servant] gulped.
“Yes, Lord Sophridel.”
She retreated, understanding why the [Spymaster] considered the Minister of the Interior Arts a resource to be called upon at need. Her respectful gaze on the tall half-Elf, a silver mane of hair drooped across his angular features, absently brushing at the locks as he stooped slightly to write with impeccable penmanship…
Was all wrong. All she saw was the mask.
She saw ‘Lord Sophridel’. The servant saw the half-Elf. If she wanted to, she could have touched him, and he could have eaten and enjoyed food—not that Alniesierr Carnevien had ever truly enjoyed food. He could be roused to great passion, of course, and if that woman with her hair in a bun and a killing stiletto holding it all together had professed a great love of Selphid writings and fine wine—and baths along moonlit shores on cold nights with the hot water steaming—he would have positively swept her off her feet in a courtship of unexpected passion.
‘Sophridel’ would have been able to do that too, rather admirably, in Alniesierr’s case. But cut him open and you would find no blood or heart beating. Behead him and you would find, among clothing and dust, only one thing.
A mask.
A perfect mask of the half-Elf’s face. In fact, a death-mask, which the eclectic Alniesierr Carnevien had once commissioned thousands upon thousands of years ago. When Sophridel did not have it ‘active’, it floated in a dark void upon his body.
The Elemental of Masks stood in a private room, each mask, from animal to person, staring outwards. Each one…had a quality.
Some were cheap. He held on to them for nostalgia’s sake. Others were expensive. But what mattered was how much they in turn had been worn. Or what they were made of in conjunction with their purpose.
The Court of Masks and the nobility who argued and debated in his rooms wore masks. Each one was suited to them; multiple people could wear the same mask, but the effect was diluted.
