8.68
Page 27
“I, ah, put in that research request, and the Fall’s Sentinel’s reply is finally decoded. The damned cipher takes time, pardon my language. Fascinating higher-level manifestations. You know, we have no records of a dual-aura of Hearth and Bravery? You’ll be wonderful data. However, simply gathering your aura is still a first step. And that is…difficult? Even in battle?”
Ilm saw Rabbiteater shake his head. Markus frowned.
“Were you not being serious, Rabbit—Solstice? You sounded like you were having a laugh.”
The Goblin gave Markus a blank look.
“I gave it my best try. Didn’t work.”
“Even in battle? [Squires] have manifested their auras in battle. [Pages] too. I know it’s also tied to your level, but—Markus, you managed a wind blade for the first time. You were far too showy about it, though.”
Markus blushed.
“I know. I was doing pageantry…but the training did make it work flawlessly! I’ll be more discreet.”
Rabbiteater looked at Meisa and Markus and crossed his arms, frustrated.
“Hm. Can you two show me again?”
All three [Knights] obliged him. Meisa went over their lecture.
“You’d normally have years of training, so it’s not a surprise it doesn’t work right away, Rabbit. Markus hasn’t been able to manifest a blade ability until he leveled up from that big battle, but he practices the form. First, you learn to gather your aura, concentrate it. Manifestation is far harder.”
Ilm was nodding as the expert in teaching. He hesitated.
“…Why do you call him Rabbit, Dame Meisa?”
The Spring Knight hesitated.
“Er…because he’s fond of eating rabbits?”
That was very true. Although you could die of malnutrition from eating only rabbits. Ilm frowned.
“That makes no sense.”
Rabbiteater shrugged.
“Someone who likes killing birds is named Bird.”
All three [Knights] turned to him. Ilm’s mouth worked.
“Is this a common Izrilian naming practice?”
“Sure.”
Having further disrupted the Order of Seasons’ point of view on the world, Rabbiteater went back to his lesson.
“First…feel your aura. It is part of you. Think of things, triggers, that make you embody what you are. For spring—I think of gardening. Walking through a forest.”
“I think of a good rainstorm. Bracing. Fresh wind after all that snow. See, that is part of my image for the wind—”
“Shut up, Markus. It’s my example. Focus on that, Rabbiteater. Then…if you feel it, gather it around you. That’s step one. Even that can help resist [Fear] and some spells. And other auras.”
Rabbiteater tried. The problem was—he had two auras. And neither one was the [Aura of Spring] that Markus and Meisa had. He decided he’d try bravery.
Bravery, the heat of battle. Redfangs. He knew bravery. He had been in the company of twelve Goblins, the bravest he had ever known. Then less.
Then only five had remained.
Rabbiteater’s face changed under his helmet, but he held still as Meisa kept speaking.
“Your aura can do many things. What we tell young [Knights] to do is picture some element running into their blades. Talia burns. Markus harnesses the wind. I? Well, my aura is a bit different.”
The Goblin opened his eyes and saw her raising her shield. It seemed to him that he could faintly see vines, flowers, and brambles covering it. But it was more like imagination than sight; he didn’t see it, he felt they were there.
From experience, Rabbiteater knew that Meisa’s shield was reinforced with her aura, and it even ensnared blades striking it. The Order of Seasons had such…practical uses for their auras.
However, Rabbiteater felt nothing. And as Markus watched, the Spring Knight muttered out of the corner of his mouth.
