8.68
Page 49
“I’ll tell you everything that’s safe. Right now, what I feel like I can say is this: I’m the Singer of Terandria, yes. My band and I tour the continent—well, we’ve done mostly the lower half—earning money, getting famous, and acting as a beacon for people from Earth. Anyone who we find, who’s trustworthy and not being followed, we take in. They go to a place called Safety. It’s our base. My band and I—we’re in the limelight. And we have a target on our backs from at least a few groups. I, personally, decided to take us here when I heard you appeared out of nowhere. And to try and end this fucking stupid war with the Dawn Concordat.”
It was everything Ryoka could have guessed, but hearing it made it sound—more impressive. Safety? There was a place? And—end the war?
Ryoka almost smiled, but Cara went on, staring her in the eyes.
“I’m a high-level [Singer]. [Popstar] is my exact class, but don’t let it fool you. It’s a good one. I’m also a [Thespian].”
“Wh—really? That’s so interesting. Are you a fan of…”
Cara lifted a hand, and Ryoka broke off. She sensed Cara’s deep distrust now.
“I’m willing to try and break you out if you’re in danger, Ryoka. Or find a way to get you released if that’s the issue. But I need to know—who spirited you away? How did that happen? What do I need to know here? At the very least, why do you claim that a Tier 5 spell wouldn’t keep us secure? Do you know how powerful a Tier 5 spell is? You’re a Courier. Is someone capable of breaking that?”
The questions were pointed, direct—and all of them tangled with the exact things that Ryoka couldn’t say. The Wind Runner bit her tongue hard as she fumbled for the most economical answer that contained helpful truth.
“I can’t tell you what my situation is, Cara. I’m glad to meet you. I’ve met…others. From Earth, but we don’t have that kind of organization. I can’t speak about my situation, but it’s a noble thing you’re trying to do. Maybe fruitless. But I’d love to help. I agree the war’s foolish! But can we just say that there’s some high-level people who exist around here? That’s what I’m tangled up in.”
She thought that was the easiest and fairest way to explain it. Just think of the Illuminati. If Cara did—she’d get it. The Singer said nothing, face unreadable, as Ryoka waited. She could feel the faint prick of sweat and spoke after an uncomfortable silence.
“I—uh—how did you get here? Where are you from?”
Instead of replying to that, Cara sighed.
“Okay. This has been really unpleasant.”
Ryoka’s heart sank. The Singer looked at her, frustrated, and there was a snap in her tone.
“I’m here. I came into what I regard as hostile territory where I could possibly be executed because I thought you needed my help. I understand there’s a situation.”
“There is. I wish I could say, but—”
Cara spread her arms.
“There’s something. I get that. However, I’m here. You see me, I see you. We are from the same world. Earth.”
She said it, and Ryoka almost looked around to see if there was a reaction, but Cara was glaring at her.
“Everything’s on the table here, Ryoka. If we’re not on the same side, that’s how it is. But you’re giving me mysterious answers rather than anything concrete. So either I have an invisible [Super Assassin] breathing down my shoulder—”
She flicked a hand as if to catch someone out.
