8.68
Page 46
“Greg!”
The two nearly went ballistic. Thien, sweating, looked up as he backed away from the crowd held back by security.
“Oh fuck. Is that Greg chatting her up?”
“Someone get me a wand. I’m going to kill him. Where’s Cara?”
Abebi looked around. The [Manager] took a deep breath.
“No—[Summon Subordinate]. Greg. Get your ass over here, or I will penalize you with a Skill so hard your balls drop off!”
She pulled rank. Rae felt like it was too late. Greg must have been resisting it because the Wind Runner was already—reluctantly—walking away with him as he chatted her up, eyes appreciatively on her chest. Talk about bad impressions. Abebi was frothing at the mouth, and she might have actually blasted the young man in the back when someone spoke up.
“Geeze, Abebi! What’s with the threats? I was just talking to them! I didn’t—hey, what’s with the looks?”
Greg hurried over, worried, as Abebi, Rae, and Thien turned and goggled at him. Greg looked at them and then peered into the distance.
“Wait, is the Wind Runner going? Who’s that with—is that me?”
His jaw dropped. Rae spun with a sudden suspicion. When all the Earthers barged into the wagon that Cara had definitely, 100% gone into and had no way out aside from a tiny window everyone would have noticed her squeezing through…
There was no one inside.
 
——
 
I am going to kick this guy in the balls, Earther or not.
Sleazy was the word for Greg. But he was Ryoka’s way of meeting with Cara. She really hoped he wasn’t as stupid as he sounded—but he had asked if they wanted to talk ‘in private’—and if this was an act, it was a good one.
“Listen, I can totally get you in touch with Cara. I’m her lead guitar. Do you know what that is? But I’d love to get to know you. Are you friends with that giant dude? He’s still with the band.”
“I…am. My rooms are here. They’re warded.”
They were after the Rhisveri incident. And guarded, too. Or rather, Ryoka was. Greg smiled widely.
“Awesome. Hey—warded. Good to know, right?”
He gave her a wink, and Ryoka twitched. It probably passed for a smile. She ushered him inside and spoke to the air.
“We’ll be in private, thanks.”
Someone half-materialized, and Dame Chorisa gave Ryoka a nod. But the Thirsting Veil Knight couldn’t help but give Ryoka the most dubious look of all time.
That one? Ryoka glared at her and shut the door. She heard a voice from inside as she turned, praying that the Thirsting Veil [Knights] knew her better than this. Not because it mattered or would ruin her pretense; if anything, it would help. But Ryoka’s dignity…
“Whoa. Amazing digs! Nice bed.”
That was it. Ryoka’s patience had lasted about seven minutes on the quick walk to her rooms. It snapped. She strode after Greg with a growl in her throat.
“This had better be you acting, because if you think—”
She stormed into the room, fist clenched, and saw a young woman with brown, frazzled hair shaking her head out. She wore casual clothing—from another world. Worn jeans, a shirt that had been carefully mended and patched, and she bore a single locket with a beautiful sigil of a scythe and crossbow, a coat of arms, melded onto dark metal over her chest. Two rings flashed on one finger, and when she turned, her light blue eyes pierced Ryoka.
Cara O’Sullivan, the Singer of Terandria, waited as Ryoka came to a dead stand-still. She looked Ryoka up and down, and her voice was far more precise, trained to enunciate, and direct, without mirth or hesitation.
“That’s better.”
