8.68
Page 24
What bothered him were the [Knights] in his group. They were less-than-radiant, and their paint was wearing thin after so much fighting. They had ill-fitting mounts like the slipping saddle Markus was re-cinching. But they had no poker face; their dispiritedness showed.
“How many, Marshal?”
“Around four hundred. Mostly Kaliv’s lot, but we have all three nations in the Dawn Concordat. Not too knocked up. There’s a [Glory Captain] Mithn who’d like to speak with you, Ser Knights.”
Dame Talia dismounted and strode to meet someone dressed in the most idiotic colors Rabbiteater had ever seen. Calanfer, one of the three nations in the Dawn Concordat, along with Gaiil-Drome and Kaliv, was the most familiar to him.
And it was the [Glory Captain] of Calanfer who wore his national colors with pride. Calanfer’s colors were, as far as Rabbiteater could tell, royal blue, gold, yellow, and white. Mostly the latter three colors.
A bright yellow uniform was a terrible idea for any kind of terrain aside from…the desert on a hot day? A field of dandelions? It was probably a lovely target for an archer. Badarrow could have tapped him from a thousand feet away with ease.
Oh—and it got dirty. The [Glory Captain]’s uniform was dirty, taking away from the beautiful stitching of some kind of palace-throne that was their sigil as he saluted Talia.
“Honored Knights! You are a sight for sore eyes. Throne protect us—are you the Order of Seasons? Has Pheislant entered our war? I am sorry, I am Glory Captain Mithn of Calanfer’s Eternal Army, Dawnsong’s battalion…”
He was so…pithy. Marshal Huges rolled his eyes but turned his head away as Talia began to speak with the leader of the prisoners. Rabbiteater rode over to the [Marshal], admiring his arm.
He had great tattoos. Pheislant, as a coastal nation with strong navies, had the [Sailor]’s influence, and one of them was cool tattoos.
Rabbiteater, as a former Redfang, loved warpaint and tattoos. The [Knights] would never do such a thing, but Huges had noticed Rabbiteater staring at his bare right arm, which often swung a maul around.
“You didn’t get cut during the fight?”
Rabbiteater could have sworn he saw Huges taking a blow to the arm; it was a target like an unarmored head. The [Marshal] flexed one bicep.
“Don’t you worry, Ser Solstice. Armored tattoo. Got it special from a magical inker. It generally takes more than one hit or two. Hurts like a bitch—excuse my language, Ser.”
He caught himself, and Rabbiteater wished he could show the man his face so Huges could see his grin. Rabbiteater wasn’t a very verbal person, but he was improving. What he gave Huges was a quiet chuckle.
“I don’t mind. Good tactics. I like tattoos. Smart, having magic ones.”
“Really, Ser Solstice? I’m gratified you say so, sir.”
The Marshal looked Rabbiteater up and down, and the Goblin knew he was guessing. Even the other Pheislant [Soldiers] watched the mysterious ‘Ser Solstice’ with murmurs.
It was a Human thing. Goblins got curious, but they didn’t have to know. But put a bucket over something and write ‘do not remove, big secret’, and someone would take it off and reveal the detonation rune without fail.
That was a Redfang trick, incidentally. Ser Solstice had an allure of his own by virtue of having a secret identity. Rescuing all of Pheislant’s army from being ripped apart by Ailendamus hadn’t hurt his reputation either. Rabbiteater decided to ask Huges how things were.
“Calanfer. Dawn Concordat. We rescued prisoners. Why is it a problem?”
The [Knights] had acted like it was. The Marshal cast a glance sideways.
