8.68
Page 37
Every stomach was rumbling, and perhaps it was the hungry [Marshal] himself who ordered rations broken out on the march.
Which was almost a bad idea, because as everyone stopped, they chewed on preserved, flat bread. Jerky. Liberated supplies of fish, goat’s cheese from Kaliv, and Calanferian grapes.
Ser Solstice put all of that into a sandwich—including the grapes—and inserted it into his helmet in a quick motion while hiding his face. But even he didn’t sound too happy.
“Hrgh. Dry.”
“Tasteless.”
The half-Elves ate their fare without enthusiasm but went back to talking about proper food.
“Calanfer has fine vintages of wine, you know. Proper dates and grapes as fat as walnuts.”
“Surely those are the worst. They’d be all water…”
“Ah, but they aren’t. Not with the right Skills by the [Vintners]. This bread…did you say you enjoyed properly risen bread, Ser Solstice? With a good [Baker] with leavening Skills, I assume?”
“Nope. Baking powder. Who needs a Skill?”
“Go on. Surely you don’t mean there’s a powder that…? I have a [Baker] as an uncle, and he has never mentioned the stuff.”
“It’s new.”
“Like hamburgers, ice cream—which is gelato—cookies, soufflés, and all these other things you’ve mentioned.”
“Yep.”
Everyone laughed politely at the deadpan [Knight]. If he was lying, it was still entertaining. But then they came to water.
“Save those rations! We haven’t come to a river today, so drink it sparingly! Not that it’s the greatest issue, Ser Solstice.”
Marshal Huges reassured everyone that water was not going to be a problem. Kaliv had enough sources of water; this wasn’t Chandrar. The locals could find water.
Lovely river-water. Slightly brackish. Everyone’s first ravenous bites had stopped, so they munched on hard bread and their poor quality fare very, very slowly as they continued marching.
Or rather, Ser Solstice did. He gave them all about one minute before he walked on, and everyone followed, cursing and trying not to drop their fare. Did he have no sense of needing a break? But he could walk the walk he talked, so they followed.
Besides, talking took the pain out of your feet. Even the Order of Seasons didn’t object. From Talia to Markus, they were listening to the Goblin. More importantly—Talia silenced objections from those too far back to hear what was prompting the faster pace or cut break.
She was watching Rabbiteater. Or was it not him but…? Meisa glanced at Talia and narrowed her eyes too.
Trying to see.
“It all came from a place. An inn. Cookies and pizza and more. Good food. I wish I was there.”
Rabbiteater stared ahead at the sky, and everyone thought of their homes. Virilien nodded.
“I miss our cities as well. Pray tell, what made this inn so special?”
The Goblin looked up at the sky, and his friends heard his voice.
“…It was the first place I felt safe. I could walk inside and smell something cooking. There was a little furball. She ran around. My brothers were there. And there was always something to drink or eat. I ate all the time. I never starved.”
What kind of life did he have? Everyone listened, but the Goblin’s voice was only a bit sad. It was more wistful than anything.
“We had a drink. A special drink. It was blue. I only had it once. It was out of season. But so good.”
“Alchemical?”
He hesitated.
“No…like squeezed fruit. Like oranges. Just blue.”
“Oh. Orange juice.”
“Yes, that. But with blue fruits. The insides are very poisonous, but you cut the outside up and squeeze it. It’s very sweet. The sweetest thing I ever drank.”
“Does he mean Amentus fruit? You can get poisoned terribly from—”
