8.68
Page 56
“I think I was the one who unleashed her. I ran into her, and she was…well. Making a kind of lair. I barely escaped, but I ruined her plans, and she evaded the Hunter’s Guild who went after her. You know how dangerous she is?”
Ryoka nodded. And she looked at Cara with newfound respect. Singer was one thing. But to offend the Spider of Terandria and survive?
That was the last thing that made the two like each other. Something about pissing off powerful immortals, despite their differences. Cara looked at Ryoka.
“I cannot believe you have no levels.”
“I can’t believe you’re a [Popstar]. And a [Thespian]. What’s your level?”
Cara gave Ryoka a polite smile.
“High. It’s thanks to both classes I can even walk around in disguise. Did you like my cover identity? That’s Greg—and he behaves pretty much like that. I played him up a bit.”
“…Can I not meet him?”
The Singer laughed.
“[Alter Ego: Greg]. The worst Skill I have ever used, incidentally. It does give me some insight into his mind. I just wish I could tell whether it’s his nature or…him not having a fecking brain. But I can certainly appreciate the female body while I’m in his shoes.”
Ryoka just shook her head.
“And here I thought the worst gift I ever got was an alien tech-blade that breaks if you sneeze on it with magic.”
“It does that? Could I try to…?”
Everyone wanted to swing a lightsaber around just once. Of course, you couldn’t activate it.
Not unless you knew how to re-tune it. Which Ryoka did, or rather, added Cara as a registered user. Which she now knew how to do.
Instruction manuals were very…interesting. Someone competent had written that one up. Even evolved apes could figure this one out. Honestly? Probably even apes.
Ryoka danced around Cara, not afraid for herself, but trying to let Cara know how sharp those edges were. The Singer gave her an amused look.
“Who’ve you met who’d slice their hand off like an idiot?”
“You have no idea. And please—remember, the gods are dead. I don’t know who you trust, but it’s a kind of thing where the less people know, the better. And again—I’ll absolutely help you as much as possible, but we need to pretend we don’t know each other. We should come up with a cover story. Are you leaving as Greg? When do I meet you tomorrow? We should come up with a plan—”
Her stomach began to tie a Gordian knot now that the initial contact had been made. Now, Ryoka was worried for Cara’s group. If she had been against Ailendamus…and now she knew about the dead gods, what did they do? Did they keep in contact?
Cara’s amused look turned to a quick analysis as Ryoka scrubbed her fingers through her hair. She turned, lowering the Faeblade as she turned it off.
“Ryoka, inhale and exhale for me.”
“What?”
“Breathe. Slowly. We’ll work it out. We can improvise. Yes, I’ll keep my cover. I’m worried too, but breathe. Come to that—you’ve nearly died how many times?”
“Uh…I don’t know. Lots.”
Ryoka saw Cara shake her head slightly.
“This is just a…question. Don’t be offended, but did you by any chance have any medication you were taking? I’m worried I’ll meet someone who needs something we can’t provide. And have you ever gone to a [Healer] and discussed nearly dying all those times?”
Ryoka instantly grew defensive.
“What? No. I had some prescriptions. Why?”
Cara eyed her.
“So you haven’t talked about nearly dying or checked on your health for…a year? Which is longer than our years?”
“N—that’s not a priority.”
The [Singer] raised both eyebrows as Ryoka realized how that sounded.
