8.68
Page 2
Did you have preservation spells on each shelf? Did you have anti-moth, bug, and stain spells? Were you fireproofing the entire place? Did you scrupulously check each book that was loaned out for damage and make a point of repairing it, or were you a coward who let people dogear their pages without folding their ears in return?
Because it mattered. Not this year. Not next year. But each wrinkle, crease, and lack of a stasis spell was another second, minute lost. And paper and ink faded so quickly. When a disaster struck, knowledge was lost forever. Even the best [Librarians] had watched their collections vanish as an Elder Creler blasted a hole through a nation. Or a Gold-rank [Mage] with too much to drink threw one damn [Fireball]…
Let’s assume, in the best case, you had a library that avoided any major calamity over your lifespan. Well, even then—your books would invariably be damaged by usage, because books were meant to be read.
You could get a [Bookbinder] to touch them up, but what happened when the paper itself began to disintegrate from age? Okay, enchant it. No problem.
…What happened when the magic itself began to get old? A [Librarian] suddenly had to find a book-enchanting specialist to remake a magical tome.
How did you re-copy a spellbook created twelve thousand years ago by an Archmage who practiced the Albezian school of magic and wrote using the crushed husks of an insect that had been extinct for over two centuries?
That was why a real library was impressive; one that maintained its books, organized them, and had the largesse to lend them out to people with no appreciation for all the hard work that went into keeping things the way they were.
Hence, the Season of Autumn’s value. A [Farmer] could send a learned daughter or son or come here themselves and take off their hat, put on some gloves or wash their hands, and then read on how to cultivate a certain crop or keep their soil fresh without Skills.
In fact, [Farmers] were preferred because they had appropriate respect for the library the Season of Autumn kept. A Summer Knight who’d toss a book across the mess hall for someone else to read or turn a page while riding and tear it as their horse came down too hard?
Well.
Those souls met with the [Librarian Knights].
Yes, that was a class. And yes, Venoriat went to one of them with Ilm’s missive. The [Knight] delicately turning a page in the book they were checking for damage was probably reading on-duty. But you had to be a real bookworm and love the job to get that class, so Venoriat made no comment as the man hurriedly stood.
“Fall’s Sentinel. Does the Knight-Commander need another lookup? Will you give us half an hour to proof them against ice and water? He does his best, but the temperature…”
The aggrieved [Librarian Knight] had an understandable problem with Winter Knights, who practically generated mildew. Venoriat was pleased not to have to deal with that.
“Not at the moment, Ser Tulnous. I have a research assignment for you. A rather…interesting one. I leave it in your care as I must go back to my work.”
He handed the message over, and Tulnous’ eyebrows rose. He took the slip of paper with one callused hand.
He was a halberd-expert who had little cause to use his weapon in his beloved library but was rather fearsome among his Season nevertheless. Tulnous’ Skills included the ability to pull any book he wanted in the library, repair minor damage with just a finger, locate any book he lent out unerringly, sense if a passing [Merchant] had any books not in the Order of Seasons’ collection—
