8.68
Page 57
“So you don’t have any regular [Healer], friends, or therapists that help you after you nearly die of being shot through the back or getting your fingers torn off.”
“I mean…I talk about it. But I’ve been busy. I was in House Veltras after that run, and I didn’t get a chance to go back to the inn before Erin…”
Cara lowered the Faeblade. She put it down and turned to Ryoka with a bright, false smile. Ryoka backed up too late. Cara gave her a very gentle hug with one arm.
“I’m glad you didn’t let me storm off, Ryoka. I should tell you now, I have a terrible temper. And you are the most aggravating girl I’ve met. You breathe drama, and you have too many problems.”
Ryoka frowned, but Cara just laughed.
“You remind me of my best friend from Earth. We might get along after all.”
The Wind Runner was affronted, in the midst of denying it, and trying to edge out of physical contact. Then her brows crossed.
“Oh no. No, no, no…I’m not that friend, am I?”
The Singer of Terandria just gave her a look that made Ryoka want to hop out the window.
 
——
 
They had more to say. But they both agreed that Cara needed to prepare for her performances and spread word. Besides, they could talk about Earth with Cara’s band, so they resolved to do that.
Cara was still in a bit of shock—and just denial. She couldn’t encompass all of what Ryoka had told her. She had to go back to other planets.
“So an alien space-soldier gave it to you. What did they look like?”
“Uh…orange. Weird number of fingers. Fairly humanoid, actually. But they weren’t all the same. And there was this trick with perception. They had amazing battle armor that did squat against magic. This was a gift. Honestly, I’m glad it wasn’t a gun or spaceship. But I could have used both. It probably wouldn’t have helped, and there’s proliferation of tech to worry about.”
“Proliferation of…you’re worried about that?”
Ryoka frowned.
“You’re not?”
Cara gave Ryoka a cynical smile.
“It’ll happen. We can’t stop everyone. That’s where I landed.”
They had the same thoughts, but they landed on different points. Cara not worrying about that made Ryoka frankly incredulous and a bit jealous. But Cara frowned at Ryoka’s sword.
“Is there any chance of hitching a ride to space? I assume they’re somewhat friendly and we can talk to them? Or going to…another world? Home?”
She didn’t say it with the same longing as some, but Ryoka realized she had to explain about the closed gateways. Cara cursed.
“Wonderful. So it’s a one-way problem. And we’re closed off from the other places because…of them? How many are there?”
“Six. And countless weak ones. But six matter. As for why we’re closed off, that’s pretty much it.”
The Singer closed her eyes.
“So we have the interdimensional equivalent of a nuclear arsenal in this world?”
Ryoka hesitated.
“Maybe. But if it is, it’s aimed at us. Think of it more like a plague and no one wants to be infected. Or…it’s Chernobyl. And the fallout is still coming down.”
The Singer of Terandria turned to the Wind Runner.
“You have a fantastic way with words. Anything else?”
She had her hand on the doorknob when Ryoka snapped her fingers.
“Oh yeah. Another dead thing is under Rhir. So stay away.”
Cara turned back. Ryoka turned into a beet as she raised her hands.
“Sorry. Forgot.”
The Singer just rubbed at her brows.
“Okay. I can’t…we’ll take it under advisement. Let’s just go. Now—if I put my hand on your backside in the next few minutes—”
“I deck you?”
“Please. Just no permanent damage.”
