8.68
Page 5
Hence, the rules. It would bear little fruit in their lifetimes. But if someone attended the Court of Masks every day for most of their life, wore the same mask…when they died, it would be their mask. And perhaps, one day, far in the future, that mask might detach from Sophridel.
Picture the dark room. Now—see a shadow darker than even that. A bit of the void given form. Anchored, holding, floating upon it, hundreds of masks in every direction. The very idea of masks, of identity, given form.
An Elemental of Masks.
That was who Sophridel was. He was not one mask. He was not an individual if you took away all the masks.
He was all and none, and his likenesses could stride about. Someday, after the man had long-since perished, perhaps Baron Regalius would stride about once more, the very personality of him captured, from his abilities to his demeanor. Or—if it came to battle—a snarling mask made from actual Manticore flesh might materialize.
With all the power of a Manticore. All their limitations and strengths; a mask had to be an accurate representation, even if it was still a mask. Break it and he lost it forever. Sophridel hated losing parts of him.
Hence, his current guise in the genius of Alniesierr, aiding the [Spymaster] from time-to-time. Sophridel drew on more than just that, though.
“[Aura of the Hearth]. Defensive. [Aura of the Brave]. Offensive. A combination is rare. In one entity denotes a conflict or event of the soul. Past history, perhaps. No known combinations exist to my memory. However, the materialization of both is often unpredictable.”
Auras—as any [Lady] or Order of Seasons [Knight] knew—were made up of three stages. Simply manifesting the aura like the King of Destruction was akin to a second instinct. A powerful commanding presence. The ability to withstand [Terror] spells and so on.
Materialization came next, as the Order of Seasons practiced. They could make blades of flame or wind, shields—even change the ambient temperature and so on.
The last stage, rarely obtained, would be such a complete zone of authority that even magic failed before the very concept of their aura. [Mages] often found to their horror that their spells would have less effect against powerful individuals of that nature.
Sophridel, or rather one of his masks, had once heard that auras were part of a natural chain of superiority and weakness. If magic defeated regular warriors, for instance, in basic concept, auras were meant to counter…something.
Something that the theory fell apart around because the theory hadn’t been able to concretely say that auras beat people with swords or magic; it was simply one kind of superiority.
Sophridel wrote on, listing all the notes he had for [Aura of the Hearth].
“Base form—reassurance, the manifestation of morale or nostalgia. As it manifests? Limited cornucopia abilities. Extreme defensive abilities in places of home or shelter. Aura of the Hearth once repelled a King of Avel from entering a mother’s home; they were of roughly equal level. To research—see Disgraces of the Crown, by Goldtongue. The most high-level effects include the creation of structures. My information is limited. Aura of the Brave is far more documented among [Heroes], [Barbarians], and other warriors. Inspiring, courageous as implied. Manifestation of weapons. Overwhelming presence in massed battles. Sheer manifestation at higher-levels has, when consolidated and upgraded, created entire zones of anti-magic.”
He ceased writing, handed the note over to the stunned servant, and let his mask take over and turn back to work.
