8.68
Page 30
No—he was born for another age like that. The most photogenic [Baron] she had ever met stopped, somehow half-in the light. Was he doing it on purpose?
The answer was, of course, yes. Maybe not always intentionally, but style was something you could cultivate, and Regalius, as a master of ceremony and dignity, had trained himself to look good.
“Courier Griffin, I am passing glad I caught you. Might I have just a smidgeon of your time? You have been with House Shoel, Minister Sophridel—one barely has to but raise a finger to the wind to hear your name.”
Regalius offered her a bow and an arm. Ryoka refused the arm, but smiled at him. He was a good man, she felt.
“Thanks, Regalius. I have time. I’m…a bit preoccupied, but I’m sorry I haven’t talked with you.”
“When Viscount Visophecin calls, a wise man answers. I can hardly compete with the royal family, and it is my delight you have seemingly redeemed this unpleasantness.”
Regalius and Ryoka strolled around, and she found he was calming because he had no knowledge of her identity or role in the greater drama at play.
…Right until he invited her to dinner.
“I believe I remarked upon it a few days ago. I hosted the Order of the Hydra at my estates in the capital—”
“I’m sorry I missed that. Uh, but I think I was with Visophecin—the Viscount?”
Regalius nodded.
“Ah, but my wife is simply besmitten with you, Miss Griffin. I told her about the Wind Runner and your exploits in the Court of Masks and elsewhere, and she ordered me to ask if you’d consider joining us at our estates. I know it’s an imposition, but she is terribly nervous at the capital. One can run into His Majesty and so many officials, you see. I should understand if you are too busy, but I had to tender it.”
It was so, so painful. Because he delivered it in the most easy way to turn him down. Which was the hardest. Ryoka squirmed instantly with the fear of social interaction…but she’d visited Garia’s folks, hadn’t she?
“I, er, maybe, Regalius. I’d love to, and you’ve been a good…friend. But tonight is a big banquet and—”
“Naturally not tonight! We should all be there, I think, myself included. My poor Yietha will make do…with her own friends. She’s quite willing to stay away, you see, rather than sit an entire banquet. She prefers the company of our animals or just herself at times. I can hardly tear myself away from any gathering, but we have our own quiet moments—in my frequent absence, she manages House Ecte quite amazingly. And our pets!”
Ryoka felt she might like this Yietha. She turned to Regalius, slightly tempted despite herself. But she had so much to do…
“You have pets?”
“Cats.”
“Huh. I expected dogs. No offense, but I can see you playing fetch with a dog.”
Regalius chuckled.
“A dog requires a bit too much time. I couldn’t treat an animal like that. Cats on the other hand…I will admit ours are a bit odd. Magical cats, you see. Strays from an incident in the palace. It created generations of magical cat breeds. Have you ever seen a flaming hairball?”
“No. They breathe fire?”
“Not mine, thankfully. I know a friend whose estate half-burned due to…well, mine were already an odd breed. Hairless. Very peculiar, but they’re quite endearing. They have the most unfortunate…or useful ability to stick to walls. So they get everywhere. More than once, I’ve seen a pair of eyes gleaming from one of the candelabras above me and spotted a doublet peeking down and thought I was about to be assassinated.”
Ryoka hesitated.
“Th—there’s a lot to unpack there. Did you just imply your cats wear clothing?”
