8.68
Page 53
Piloriet the Musician? Ryoka decided to remember that. The Wind Runner just nodded.
“In that case—Liscor is a safe place. And so is…the Silverfang tribe. Gnolls. Mention my name, and they might help. At the very least, I can call in favors.”
Cara didn’t write that down, but she too committed it to memory, murmuring the names. Ryoka decided Pallass, Grimalkin, Magnolia Reinhart…less than trustworthy.
“How about House Veltras?”
“I…they don’t know me, but yes. Good point. I think they’d help if someone mentioned me. Oh, and Riverfarm. Riverfarm is…safe.”
Cara’s eyes flickered. They were specific places that Ryoka was mentioning, and that wasn’t nearly as secure as Safety.
“Are the other Earthers safe?”
“Safe. Ish.”
Cara sighed, and Ryoka elaborated slowly. She felt a growing pit in her stomach, but she said it. As naturally as she could.
“We had a safe place. Someone—an Earther had an inn. The Wandering Inn. But she’s dead or…her name was Erin Solstice. She might come back.”
Cara stared at Ryoka, and the Wind Runner told her a story. What did the Singer see when she saw Ryoka Griffin?
At first, probably, an aggravatingly vague person. Suspicious, shifty. Literally barefoot, stammering. An oddball.
Then perhaps a mystery. Someone who had seen something.
Lastly, as Ryoka told Cara about her meeting with Erin and her life, someone filled with regrets. Hands clasped, shaking slightly, voice breaking.
“I wasn’t there.”
“Cryogenics? They killed her. They just…”
Cara had to stand up. She turned away from Ryoka. Hiding her face. When she looked back, the Wind Runner saw something behind the [Thespian]’s own facade.
She had seen something too. But before they came to that, Cara nodded at the Faeblade.
“So you were a Runner who did…incredible things. Three death deliveries. And you kept doing it. You outran a Goblin Lord’s army.”
She gave Ryoka a mystified look, and the Wind Runner had to clarify.
“With help. That’s part of how I got this. There’s something else that I think I can share. Safety matters. Knowing who our enemies are matters. But there is a mystery to why we came here. And I think there’s one real threat, and one clue.”
Now she was calmer, Ryoka spoke more clearly. Cara raised her brows, and Ryoka laid out the best and only explanation she had. Something that Cara—everyone who could be trusted—needed to know.
Was it a risk? Absolutely. But if she could have talked to Erin after the Summer Solstice…Ryoka would have told her it all like this.
“Cara, there are more worlds than just this one and ours. I’ve seen them. There are the lands of the fae. Avalon. Perhaps they’re the center, but I suspect they’re just one of many gateways. There are other realities, and even other Earths out there. Perhaps it’s as many worlds as there are stories. All I know is that they exist—but the gateways from this world and Earth are few. But that was how we came here. Someone opened a door, and it sounds like it’s still open. And I think I know who.”
Cara lifted one hand as Ryoka looked at her, hands clasped together.
“Wait. I know it’s a mistake to say this—but are you being serious? Avalon? We’ve jumped from fantasy to myth. I’m exceptionally suspicious, but you must admit that’s hard to say with no basis.”
For reply, Ryoka just looked at Cara. She had no object of the fae beyond Nama’s wraps, and she didn’t think those would be that impressive. But the green eyes of the Wind Runner fixed on Cara, and the Singer turned.
