8.68
Page 36
“There’s many derivatives, and most places could claim to serve a ‘Gaiilen Salad’. But the truly magical dish, prepared correctly, is never left out. It needs to be fresh, of course, but it isn’t uncommon for squirrels or birds to try to eat it. That’s an indication of the real thing.”
“It also makes for wonderful pest traps.”
“Really.”
There was a smile in the [Knight]’s voice. Virilien felt like he couldn’t get a grasp on this stranger.
“Are you planning on visiting Gaiil-Drome, Ser Knight? We would be happy to host you if this war is won.”
That was the kind of statement that was acceptable. Vague promises. But Ser Solstice just shook his head.
“No. Maybe. I don’t know. I’m just hungry.”
And he thought talking about food was going to help with that? The half-Elves didn’t understand a Goblin’s perspective on food. He talked about it because he was hungry. Why not? There was no better time to talk about food, because that was when you appreciated it. You should be starving when you get to a banquet.
“What, may I ask, is your preferred dish from your homeland?”
One of the half-Elves asked with a smile. It was a testing question. If he said some kind of distinctly Gnoll or Drake dish…but the [Knight] wasn’t playing mind-games.
“Hm. Cookies?”
“…What’s that?”
Another smacking sound from within the helmet. The [Knight] looked ahead as everyone listening in grew more interested.
“It’s a circle. This big.”
He showed them with his hands.
“Made of flour and sugar and…stuff. Butter? Eggs? It bakes in this oven. Doesn’t take long. You put cinnamon on it. And chocolate, but I’ve never seen any chocolate. Might not exist. You can put other things in it. Like oatmeal. Oatmeal is good. Gives it chewiness. It comes out hot, but it can sit there.”
“Oh—like a bread?”
“Nope. Chewy, sweet. Dessert. Or a snack. You can eat an entire basket.”
“I’ve never heard of that, Ser Solstice. Is it a particularly Izrilian dish?”
“Um. Maybe?”
He was so vague, but a few people who could detect lies or were simply judges of character didn’t think he was lying. He was, well, casually fascinating. Despite themselves, Virilien and a few other [Soldiers] marching quicker along drew closer, not just half-Elves. And they didn’t notice the march.
“Another one, then. Another favorite dish, Ser Solstice.”
“Hamburgers.”
“You must be making these foods up. I have been to Izril, Ser Solstice, and I’ve never heard of these dishes.”
“It’s new.”
“Very well, I will play your game. How is it made?”
The [Knight] was smiling behind his helmet. It came out in his voice.
“You take some bread. A nice, fluffy bun. Then you cut it open and put a meat-thing in the center. A burger. Patty?”
“What is…?”
The [Knight] was growing more animated. And he knew perfectly well he was speaking to an audience who could appreciate meat. Ceria ate meat; half-Elves therefore probably ate meat. It was only the weird village-ones who would be horrified.
And while Rabbiteater was no [Cook]—his Cave Goblins had learned to cook, Pebblesnatch especially. He’d helped Erin in the kitchen.
Moreover, he was a Goblin. He knew food. No sooner had he provided everyone with the mouthwatering image of a burger sizzling on a pan or grill than he began describing the other foods that he’d encountered at her inn.
Like a stack of pancakes so high that someone had had the idea to hollow out the center and fill it with syrup and butter. Then, as you cut into it, it leaked out, until a little Gnoll girl almost passed out from sheer decadence.
