8.68
Page 52
Cara shook her head again.
“That was my first instinct too. But guess what they had?”
Ryoka snapped her fingers.
“Phones.”
“And laptops, tablets if we’re lucky. They have new songs on them. Even new movies. New tech and updates…I’ve seen it. Our world is moving faster than this one. Or…something’s up.”
Cara’s fingers tightened until they were white on her mug. Ryoka Griffin just sat there.
“Yeah. That checks out.”
The [Singer]’s head snapped up, but Ryoka gave her a weary smile.
“We’ll get to it. I swear. What’s next?”
Cara rubbed at her hair.
“…It takes all day sometimes to convince people of that. When they’re not crying and asking if this is a dream. You know—well, you know we were connected via Blackmage? Some phone call. I didn’t get it. It would have really helped, but I think I came after. The first wave, I assume you lot are, at least knew there were more people. But a lot have vanished or been collected up, and the next wave has no idea save for me and other hints that there are Earthers out there. It doesn’t help that some right bastard told everyone this was a simulation; people are still saying if we die, we wake up.”
Ryoka burned bright red, and the Singer gave her a pointed look.
“No one’s going to try that. But I do know about you from Blackmage. Aaron Vanwell. He’s at Wistram, you know?”
“I—I know. He got in contact with you?”
Cara shrugged.
“When I became the [Singer], yeah. I was on his radar. He helped me set up the song crystal stuff, but I haven’t been able to trust him. He’s in Wistram’s grip, and they’ve tried to grab me before.”
“Shit.”
“Yep. Hence my bodyguards. But he seems like he’s trying to be helpful. When he’s not a complete idiot.”
“I…sympathize with that. Do you know other groups?”
Cara began counting on her fingers.
“Absolutely. And this is top-priority information: do not trust Wistram. Watch out for Roshal, just in general, but Aaron thinks some of them are grabbing us. And…there’s a group of Earthers on Rhir. A big one. You know about that?”
Ryoka remembered the American-group. She nodded, slowly.
“Yeah. So they’re well-known? Isn’t a world power, the Blighted Kingdom…”
“Fully aware of them. Wistram and the Blighted Kingdom haven’t said as much, but I’m fairly certain both know the others have Earthers. They have a ‘gentleman’s agreement’ not to shout out what they’re doing, but they’re not on the same side.”
Cara’s lips twisted, and Ryoka’s heart sank. The Singer watched Ryoka’s face appreciatively.
“I’m glad you understand why that’s such a huge problem. By the way, regard all three groups as dangerous, if not hostile. I can’t verify Rhir; I’m not sending anyone to be killed by whatever’s there. But I sent a close friend I trusted to Wistram, and she sent me letters proving she’s alive. She never came back, though, and they tell me she likes it too much to leave. Which I have a hard time believing since she swore she’d come back.”
Ryoka wondered if there were a tea for ulcers, because she might be developing them.
“I knew Wistram was getting people from Earth. They sent a [Mage] to grab some of the ones I knew. Twice, actually.”
“Damn. Is that confidential? Where they are?”
Again, Ryoka hesitated, and Cara lifted a hand.
“You don’t need specifics. I get it. Just…tell them that the Singer will help them if they want to come to me. There’s Safety. Half-Elves might be trustworthy…some of them know me. Not as a species, but you’d be surprised how they know each other. If you mention Piloriet the Musician…they might help.”
