8.68
Page 20
“We must go, Sophridel. Ryoka may return later. But she has other obligations. As do you. I remind you of tonight’s banquet. And our gathering?”
Visophecin had to tear Ryoka away at the end, but Sophridel refused to let her go without a promise to return. She looked at the passionate director and immortal, his eyes alight as she retreated.
“I haven’t seen Sophridel so happy in a long time. It truly does matter to him. And you have a gift with a sword, young man!”
Gadrea patted Sammial on the head. The [Lord] would have snapped at anyone who did that, but he gave Gadrea a wary bow. And rubbed at his bruises. She had taught him actual swordcraft and struck him a number of times in their bouts.
As well as the [Princess], who had already been healed. But Gadrea was an even-handed teacher and had happily cracked two bodyguards on the arms when they tried to stop her.
So passed Ryoka’s day. And as evening fell, and she took stock of the immortal’s projects that helped define Ailendamus, Ryoka saw it.
Fithea, the Minister of Forests or whatever her title was, was responsible for many half-Elves in their villages, untouched by Ailendamus’ rule. Sophridel tended to the arts and created the Court of Masks, which helped him.
Visophecin’s people ate Ailendamus’ criminals and created their courts. There were more immortals still, and the one above them all, the Wyrm, Rhisveri, launched wars and made his kingdom powerful so that it might be his guard and tool.
All of it was far from perfect. But there was goodness to it too. So Ryoka came to the conclusion that had fallen over her since…well, since her last meeting with Rhisveri. What she had wrestled with since getting to know Itorin and realizing what Ailendamus was.
As she walked with Visophecin back to her rooms to take a bath and freshen up, Ryoka turned to the Lucifen. He was watching her, and so Ryoka said it then and there.
“I forswear it.”
The Viscount raised his brows.
“Forswear what, exactly?”
Ryoka looked at him.
“My attempt to steal from Rhisveri. You can use a truth spell—I give it up. I’ve paid my dues to him, and we’ve settled things. I’ve seen Ailendamus. It’s not a perfect land…”
She looked around at the vast palace, made up of pieces of other palaces, kingdoms crushed. She looked at Visophecin and knew what he ate.
But if she was going to point fingers…she shook her head.
“It’s not perfect. But it’s not my enemy. Moreover, I don’t want it to be. I don’t want Rhisveri’s enmity, or House Shoel’s, or anyone else’s. I want…to save Erin. And you helped with that.”
She had read the scroll and seen them all trying. Ryoka’s voice trembled.
“I want to go back and see her when she wakes. I want to bring Sammial home. Then—then I can focus on the other battles. But Ailendamus isn’t one of them. If you can, I’d even pay you to send a [General] to Erin. At the least? I think I’ve done all I can here.”
The Viscount stopped in his tracks and regarded her. Ryoka exhaled slowly and looked around. She stopped looking at Visophecin as a possible enemy. She really didn’t want to fight them. So she smiled and saw his lips curve up, just for a second.
Gadrea wheeled by Ryoka in that moment. The Agelum looked at the Courier and grinned.
“Did I just hear you forswore strife with our nation, Ryoka?”
The Wind Runner nodded, still shaking a bit with her resolution. Gadrea eyed her and then looked at Visophecin.
“That was not one of my concerns for the fate of the kingdom.”
