8.68
Page 17
The [Nursemaid] whispered on Oesca’s other side, like the Angel to Sammial’s Devil as Visophecin watched. Unfortunately for the [Nursemaid]…the real Agelum wheeled over, having decided Sammial knew the way of eating sausages. Gadrea furiously masticated as she spoke, eyes gleaming.
“Are we going to see the plays? I will go too! You only live once, Princess Oesca. I would rather not waste a single second! Visophecin, we might even have to make you do some acting! He would be a natural, wouldn’t he? I would love to see him try to cry on stage.”
She beamed. Oesca looked into Gadrea’s eyes, and Ryoka wondered if Queen Oiena would try to have her killed. First the [Knights], now this?
Sammial blinked at Gadrea and glanced at Ryoka uncertainly.
“Who’re you? You’ve got weird eyes. Why are you in a moving chair? Can’t you walk?”
Rather than take understandable offense, Gadrea just laughed and held out a hand.
“I am Gadrea, Visophecin’s cousin. My eyes are strange to you, aren’t they? I cannot walk, and I have heard you are from House Veltras, young [Lord].”
His eyes narrowed, but Sammial did shake her hand.
“I am a prisoner, you know.”
“I know. But not a poorly treated one, I hope? You must tell me if you are. And tell me about House Veltras! I have always wanted to visit, but I couldn’t. Some of my family hunted in Vale Forest…how is it?”
Sammial found his match in Gadrea and actually walked with her rather than running ahead as an odd congregation marched down the hallway.
“It’s okay. Boring, really. We can’t go anywhere fun, and Father says the forest isn’t as cool as it used to be. It used to have Unicorns and whatnot. I’m not a poor prisoner, I suppose. That old Duke keeps taking off her clothing, though.”
He pointed at Ryoka, and [Princess] Oesca looked horrified at Sammial. Visophecin turned his head to laugh, and Gadrea eyed Ryoka.
“Interesting. I might have to have words…but it is Rhisveri. Let me assure you his intent is—different. Not un-nefarious, but differently so than a lech.”
“I know. Ryoka loses her clothes all the time.”
The Wind Runner was about to kick Sammial out a window. But then Oesca turned to her.
“You do know so many individuals in Ailendamus, Courier Ryoka. Viscount Visophecin is…seldom at court. I find it so very exceptional.”
She hesitated as she inclined her head to Visophecin, and he gave her a perfect bow. It was a searching comment, and Ryoka replied as blandly as possible.
“Couriers meet people, Your Highness. I hope you don’t take Sammial at face value all the time.”
“Oh, I don’t. I know young men are prone to exaggeration, and I’ve heard my brother. Sammial is adventurous, though.”
Oesca had a mix of envy and amusement on her face as she regarded the chatting Sammial. Then she leaned over to Ryoka.
“My mother is very unhappy with you. I do hope you’ll stay safe. She told me not to emulate your example.”
“Which part?”
“I think…any of it.”
Ryoka thought that was fair, but she saw Oesca glance at her again.
“Even the trousers. Is it so very common, as Sammial suggests, that Izrilian [Ladies] can wear it? And…do other things?”
Ryoka turned beet red. She decided to tackle the less mortifying question first. No, wait! If she was in for it…
“I don’t think either thing is wrong. Although the other thing is, uh, private. We should be allowed to do what we want, shouldn’t we, Princess Oesca?”
The girl brightened up as Visophecin looked at the whispering duo.
“I think so too! But I am a [Princess].”
Her face fell, and Ryoka felt compelled to give her some sinisterly honest advice.
