8.68
Page 42
Menorkel found Ryoka Griffin as she was talking to Baron Regalius, agreeing to meet him for dinner. You didn’t just get a confession like that from the man and say ‘no, I’m busy’. He hovered as Regalius turned to the young man.
Menorkel looked like he was only ten feet tall. He was, in fact, far taller. And Ryoka had been told he was second only to Rhisveri in size. Even so, the half-Giant was thin, almost stringy. And he had his own sense of fashion.
It was nothing like Regalius, more like a modern approach—a scarf wound around his head, and he wore a long jacket that could have been a blanket for Ryoka and Regalius both. Ryoka knew some of the dress was to hide details about Menorkel, as well as the illusion magic.
Like his second head. The Titan was, for all of that, a nervous teen.
Oh, and he sang beautifully and was a huge fan of the Singer of Terandria. See? Connected. And Ryoka began to suspect Cara’s presence might have been partly to do with Menorkel’s desire to see her.
“Ryoka. Ryoka—Baron Regalius, I hate to bother you—”
“Nonsense, Menorkel. I was just finishing up—four days, then. If nothing comes up. I should actually make sure I’m not called upon to give a speech. The Master of Ceremonies sometimes prevails on me if there’s a sudden absence, and I oblige her—but it is good to have advance warning. Courier Griffin, Menorkel.”
He bowed and retreated. Menorkel practically hopped from foot-to-foot as Ryoka stared after him.
“The Singer of Terandria is here, Ryoka! You have to come with me to one of her concerts!”
“Huh? Me? Why?”
“Because I’m terrified to go myself! And I’ll never get to speak to her or show her my songs! You said they were good?”
“Wh—yeah. They’re really—did you know Regalius was nearly married to a [Princess]?”
Ryoka pointed to Regalius, still stuck on that. Menorkel shrugged.
“What…oh. Yes, it was a huge scandal. I remember that. He was exiled with his brother for years, until they redeemed themselves. They were on the border? Something like that. Regalius is very helpful, Fithea says, since he’s so responsible and does coronations—let’s go see the Singer! You have to come. Nemud and the others are too dry since they were at House Shoel, and Gilaw won’t go.”
“Wh—Menorkel, listen. I’m a bit—”
Ryoka felt herself being dragged by the Titan. Here was the thing—there wasn’t even the chance she could stop him. She could dig her heels in and break her legs, but Menorkel looked so eager she had to oblige.
“Actually, I want to speak with Fithea and the others. Will I get a chance?”
“Maybe later. I don’t know. Can you believe the Singer’s come here? She refused to come to Ailendamus for so long, I wonder what changed? I would have gone to see her on tour, but I can’t leave the capital without permission or an escort, and Fithea wouldn’t go. Did you hear her sing? And dance? It’s amazing. I saw her do that technique—moonwalking.”
To Ryoka’s amazement, he let go of her arm for a second and repeated the trick. He seemed to walk backwards across the ground.
You weren’t supposed to be able to do that without a slippery surface! But Menorkel did! It was a sight to see a ten-foot half-Giant do that.
No, Titan. Ryoka recalled how good he’d been with the baseball bat, not to mention how strong. If he was related to Greek Titans or that guy in the lands of the fae…she wondered what abilities he had.
“Menorkel, uh, can I ask a few questions if it’s not confidential? And we’re…in the open.”
Menorkel glanced at Ryoka and grew a bit warier.
“I…think I can answer them. What about?”
