8.68
Page 9
It was not hard for Ryoka to break down why she found Igolze’s judgment heartless for someone suffering abuse. What she expected was indifference or contempt. Not the instantaneous debate that broke out among the four Lucifen.
“I would have considered it understandable self-defense on all counts, Igolze. Two murders, albeit with cause? You have erred. Reconsider your verdict.”
Azemith needled her partner as Igolze frowned.
“The law is clear. She is aware of the power of the Watch—”
Visophecin broke in.
“That is not something she was in a fit state of mind to consider. If she were a child, would you hold her to that standard?”
Igolze glared, eyes narrowing, and the smell of oil and fire intensified at their table.
“I would not, Visophecin, and I resent the comparison. Her district witnessed two public arrests within the last year; she would be aware that the Watch held no fear of authority. I remind you she testified under truth spell that it was her determination for her partner to die.”
The fourth Lucifen, a woman, smiled coldly.
“And you cast the onus of her crimes upon her? Not the Watch, for failing to investigate further? Nor the family who was culpable? I trust you will hold them to fair account. I characterize you as lenient upon the unlawful and too fond of imprisoning the victim, Igolze. The rest of the family agrees.”
The Lucifen’s eyes narrowed to points.
“Is that so? Let’s review the cases of last month—”
“Only the female ones. Of abuse. You have a failing in your mind—”
“Convince me of that now, or I will put a void spell under your pillow.”
Igolze’s smile looked like he was contemplating a crime that would send him to the chopping block. Based on how the other Lucifen returned that dangerous smile—Ryoka was sure it wasn’t an idle threat.
She saw Visophecin look at her as Igolze began a heated breakdown of all the cases—and he could remember them perfectly.
“Do you see?”
She sipped at her drink and looked at Visophecin.
“Your people enjoy this? The Lucifen?”
His eyes glittered, and all three other Lucifen looked up.
“Law, to Lucifen, and properly administering it, is a joy we have. Seeing Ailendamus function without issue or resolve a problem within the system we have laid out is…as close to happiness as we find it among mortals. Your point that we are biased is well made, but I offer you this admittedly biased rebuttal, Ryoka. To have those with the power and incentive in the seat of judgment is clearly flawed. But we are not Human, mortal, or other species. Our purpose is to uphold order. As we see it, yes, but we desire proper law. Igolze, Azemith, Shierxun’s rulings all differ based on their understanding of the law. But their intent is to render justice in its most complete form.”
All three Lucifen nodded. Ryoka looked at them, then Visophecin.
“And the experimentation on prisoners?”
He raised two brows.
“They may volunteer. It is not an obligation. I see your…moral quandaries. But I simply say this. Without live participants, we learn less, and less quickly. It is not moral. But it is delightfully efficient compared to those who hold the lives of others to be a virtue.”
Now he did look at her, clearly hoping she’d shudder. Just to spite him, Ryoka took a big sip of her drink. She nearly spat it out when she saw the unmistakable sight of two wheelchairs coming her way.
Wheelchairs? It was odd because it shouldn’t have been to Ryoka, but she was used to a world without even the expertise to make wheeled…chairs…common.
