8.69 T
Page 18
But that wasn’t Tyrion’s greatest foe. He couldn’t discuss this with Jericha or anyone else, including Buscrei or Pellmia. They had weathered many of his questions. Pellmia had leveled. But Tyrion refused to talk to them about…it. He struggled against his enemy, but he failed.
The lewd daydreams about Ryoka Griffin were inexcusable. The actual dreams somewhat. But Tyrion Veltras, who could project the enemy’s route through mountainous terrain, was not used to his imagination poking him and asking, ‘what happens when clothes come off’? Of course, he knew, but rather—what did it look like in this instance?
He wanted to know. But the [Lord] refused to speculate. He fought with himself. Discipline!
 
[Ascetic class obtai—
 
Nor did he want or need that class. Tyrion Veltras just knew that he needed to push towards Ailendamus’ border. To ensure Sammial and Ryoka were rescued.
Three peace treaties. Or rather, ‘non-aggression’ pacts, immediate cessation of hostilities, and guarantees of peace.
The tone changed the more Tyrion fought. At first, they were what Jericha described as ‘insulting’. The second offer was more tempered, with a non-specific agreement to possibly extradite both after certain agreements were met.
The third offered Tyrion coin to quit the war. And a substantial amount.
“What of Sammial and Ryoka Griffin?”
Jericha frowned.
“They were…oddly nonspecific, Lord Veltras.”
The [Lord] frowned as well, and deeper.
“Inform these negotiators that the Five Families and House Veltras will continue this war until both are released, unharmed, and on Izrilian soil, or at the very least, The Pride of the Wellfar. In addition to substantive reparations. Nothing less will serve.”
“How much, in coinage? For reference, Lord Veltras?”
Tyrion thought and very calmly replied.
“Two million gold coins.”
And he was serious. Or was he…angry?
He was angry. Tyrion realized that, and Jericha had faithfully carried his message away, but he had meant it. Two million gold coins for two [Princesses] would have been ridiculous. One million gold coins? If House Veltras got that, they’d never have to worry about their finances for…a decade! More, obviously, with how much they could invest. They were not a rich House, second only to the House of El since they poured so much into their [Soldiers] and they did not trade in rich goods. Yet Tyrion would accept no less.
His son? If Sammial were treated like royalty, unharmed, Tyrion would still demand no less than a million gold coins. He…was furious.
But also aware Sammial might be in danger. The Five Families were prepared to go to war if he were harmed; that was what kept him safe as his father attacked Ailendamus. Tyrion had been prepared to harry Ailendamus hard to secure his release.
Now that Eldavin was in the war, though, it might be that the fortunes were changing.
Wistram had taken a side. House Veltras was on the Dawn Concordat’s side, and Ailendamus did not lack for enemies. They were a powerful nation, but Tyrion wondered if the cracks would precipitate a flood.
However, he was prepared to stop fighting if he got both Ryoka and Sammial back. Both. Unharmed.
Ailendamus was hardly blind to how Tyrion had essentially stopped their push into the Dawn Concordat. He had, with his six thousand troops, turned a solid push into Calanfer into a pure deadlock on the main front. They wanted him gone, gone, gone.
