8.69 T
Page 14
Some of Ailendamus’ forces were high-level. But he had an enchanted shield, sword, armor…Tyrion Veltras didn’t count how many [Soldiers] he killed that battle. It was one thing to strike an unsurprised enemy.
But he had to win battles too. The first conflict where Ailendamus sent a force at him, he beat them.
They sent countless [Knights] of the Order of the Hydra. Greatbows—it was one of their huge arrows that numbed even his arm. An enchanted ‘arrow’ hitting him at near point-blank range. Troops with strong morale.
It wasn’t hard. Their leader was good, but Tyrion had fought men. Men, women of any species, were only as good as their people.
And this leader didn’t have enough eyes. Not enough—Tyrion had attacked from the front. And the sides. And their [Strategists] had covered that. And the rear attack.
But not the [Light Bridge] that went over their lines and let Tyrion ride into the center of their forces. Not Lord Swey’s carefully calculated avalanche, or Pellmia’s feint on the eastern flank. Kill their [Mages] and toss a screaming, blinding spell to stymie their archers.
Take out one pillar and the rest fell. If they were heavy on [Mages], engage them in melee. If they had too many archers, armor, maneuver…
War was simple. His son was not.
 
——
 
“His Majesty of Ailendamus has assured Lady Ulva Terland that Lord Sammial is well, Lord Veltras. They demand we withdraw from this war.”
“Have they threatened him?”
Tyrion stopped eating, and Jericha shook her head.
“No. They are warning us of the consequences; economically and otherwise. They suggest that any trade to House Veltras through their lands or Taimaguros might end, and they could stifle trade throughout a good deal of the continent.”
“Are they threatening war upon House Veltras?”
“…Not yet. The Five Families will all go to war.”
“Then we continue. What of Ryoka Griffin?”
Jericha hesitated.
“…I had not asked, Lord Veltras. Should I inquire? My sources say that she has been spotted in Ailendamus. Unchained; she apparently flew about.”
“No, then. She is alive. Seemingly unharmed?”
“Yes, Lord Veltras.”
Tyrion considered all of it.
“Then we continue.”
But what happens when I meet Ryoka Griffin? Buscrei kept telling him not to bring up marriage.
However—wasn’t it fair to think of the future? Wouldn’t it be honest? Tyrion felt like giving her some promises would be better than not, and everyone agreed with that.
But Pellmia claimed he was counter-levelling when Tyrion proposed some of his guarantees for the future.
“Tyrion. Tyrion! I know you’re—but are you serious?”
The [Lord of Orchards] had his head in his hands. He had a fresh cut from an enchanted blade on his arm, but that was nothing to the pain on his face.
“I’d merely bring it up so she wouldn’t be worried. As you said, Buscrei—”
“You cannot tell her you’ll guarantee she’ll only have one child, Tyrion!”
She slapped him on the back of the head. Tyrion allowed it to happen.
“None, then?”
Surely that was a concern. But he didn’t understand, he didn’t understand—the [Lord] was getting annoyed.
Surely there was something he did understand about Ryoka? Or was he wrong about that too?
He realized, after an ambush, wiping blood off his lance, that he did understand Ryoka. He thought he understood she was like him. This was all so complicated. Sometimes it seemed to him they were kindred spirits.
