8.69 T
Page 6
“Brace yourselves. Rear Admiral, we are poised to sally forth. Do you have a target?”
“No. Hold. Hold—damn the tides, where is he?”
Among the people around him was the one hammer that Madiur had on land—the Order of the Thirsting Veil. The [Knights] were ready for the final clash, but Madiur wanted to know where…where was Tyrion?
“Two groups of riders are coming up the hill, Rear Admiral. Straight at our pike-line. We can stop them.”
The [Knight] offered. He pointed at two groups of riders charging up the hill with commendable speed. Madiur frowned. He had a bunch of pointy sticks in the way of the horses. He wasn’t at home with horses since they did poorly on ships, but it seemed like a stupid strategy.
So it means they’re coming.
Madiur spun around. Citz was directing the army. So the [Rear Admiral] stalked across the too-solid ground. Where? Not the river. Was that…?
“Archers in the river!”
They dove as soon as his forces on the plateau turned. Madiur cursed. The infantry had halted below. Madiur had a lot of bows in cover, ducking the Golem’s shower of arrows, and they could do some damage, so the footsoldiers just halted out of range. The riders—
He couldn’t come up the cliffs, could he? Madiur strode back to the vertical cliffs. He had people watching them for climbers, but if Veltras tried, they’d just shoot him through the head on the way up.
Madiur peered over the edge of the cliffs as he strode by a [Sentry].
“Did you see anything in the forest?”
The woman didn’t reply. Madiur turned, began to snap at her, and saw the wild, rolling eyes. The way the soldier had locked into place, unable to move.
[Stasis] spell. Madiur felt a chill. Then he looked down the sheer rock, moss, and dirt. Unassailable by…
The [Rear Admiral] had a sudden sense of confusion. The world…tilted. He felt unsteady on his feet and thought he was sick and this entire attack hadn’t happened. It was a dream. Or how else did he explain the man on horseback…galloping up at him?
Straight up, as if his horse were riding on flat ground and Madiur were the one perpendicular to the world. The [Rear Admiral] recoiled.
“Attack! Attack from the—”
Everyone whirled. The Thirsting Veil Knights broke off their interception of the other [Riders] and turned.
Then the first horse leapt over the cliff’s edge. Tyrion Veltras landed on the ground, and a hundred [Riders] followed him. They had galloped straight up the cliff.
“[Vertical Charge]. Split. Jericha, left.”
“Charge in the name of House Veltras!”
They swept forwards so fast Madiur was still stumbling back when Tyrion Veltras’ horse knocked him flat. He raised his head, dizzy, as hooves thundered around him and saw them descend on his command.
Horses versus archers. A terrible thing. Tyrion’s assistant, Jericha, stormed around the camp as he rode at the group of Thirsting Veil [Knights]. Both sides had lances; they fought in the most archaic, Human fashion: horseback, with giant pointy sticks and heavy armor.
The Thirsting Veil had poisoned weapons and excellent training. House Veltras did not field [Knights], but their scion had trained with the lance every day he could ride. The two charged across the short plateau at each other. Then Tyrion’s force curved.
They rode left. The Thirsting Veil turned to track them, lances poised. Tyrion Veltras’ shield was covering his chest and the lower half of his face, a near-perfect guard with his armor. His enchanted lance was aimed ahead as his warhorse thundered towards the edge of a cliff fearlessly. He spoke.
“[Lightning Hooves]. [Company: Zigzag Maneuvering].”
