8.69 T
Page 3
Ailendamus’ intelligence was varied, substantive, but sometimes weird. Madiur tried to keep his eye on all of them, find which target he’d focus on, but House Veltras was too competent.
A sandstorm kicked up along the beach, and he cursed as their entire force save for that closest to the water vanished. Madiur shouted at his officers.
“Hold ground! Hold! Call out any fighting with your horns!”
They just had to hold. He looked around for the flag of Ailendamus, Kingdom of Glass and Glory. The [Rear Admiral] was an odd man in that moment.
He was no fool, and he didn’t want to go down like Admiral Idiot as a disastrous leader in this war. But he also had dreams of a glorious stand, or even, in the back of his mind, a wild victory.
Vainglorious. A man was allowed to dream. It continued as the sandstorm cleared, and Madiur realized he’d completely lost sight of Tyrion, a number of Veltras’ forces, and the rest were coming up the beach hard. Arrows began landing as his forces opened up, and [Sailors] fought on the sand. They held the line for a few seconds, and that was as long as Madiur’s dream lasted.
Because then Citz snapped in his ear.
“Attack incoming on your position! Take cover!”
“Where?”
Madiur looked around. Even Tyrion Veltras couldn’t have ridden at him this fast! [Archers]?
“Barrier spells are up, [Rear Admiral].”
A [Mage] assured him, but Citz’s voice made the [Rear Admiral] shout.
“Brace! Brace for…”
For what? Magic or arrows or people? Each one necessitated a different response. Citz only knew it was coming, so in that brief window, Madiur spun and saw the danger. He stopped…and his dreams evaporated. He looked down at the small, tiny contingent of the non-Veltras forces.
The Five Families had sent only a little. Reinhart, nothing at all. The House of El, two of their own, who had their mercenary-irregulars armed to the teeth with Kaalblades and their artisan-quality equipment.
Wellfar had sent a ship. Which Madiur had focused on as the sole, largest contribution to their forces. What he had missed at first, so small compared to that old legend, was that House Terland of Golems had sent three of their [Lords] and [Ladies], simply to escort their contributions.
Golems.
Madiur saw a gigantic figure, an alien construction, slowly rotate towards him. It was tiny from his vantage point, but he could see it was about twice as tall as the men and women standing beside it, and many times longer.
It was no Golem he had ever seen. It reminded him of the Greatbows of Ailendamus; at least, the figure of a woman holding a bow did. But that was attached to a curious, boxy torso…like a Centaur?
But a Centaur did not float, and where her legs should have been was instead some kind of broad stomach that glinted at him. And the entire body hovered over a pedestal. Gravity magic—and huge legs carried it left and right up the beach, like some kind of turtle.
A weird amalgamation of magic and stone, albeit brightly painted. The Golem had a single bow. Oh—and as Madiur watched? He realized that the ‘stomach’ was, in fact, filled with arrows.
 
——
 
House Terland’s greatest Golem on the field had been based on siege weapons of old. But unlike Drakes or those who relied on other methods like alchemy, the designers had wanted to create a Golem that didn’t need to rely on anything but itself for propulsion.
The arrows floated in the air as Lady Ricuv Terland watched. Such artistry. Such design. It had been worth coming to Veltras’ war—for Sammial Veltras, of course—just to see it.
“Enchanted arrows loaded. Batch of sixty. Targets?”
