8.69 T
Page 2
Madiur exhaled a breath he didn’t think he had been holding. He could? But that strengthened his resolve to kill one of their [Lords] or [Ladies]. Just one, and he could at least say he’d done his part in this disaster.
Now, he counted, and his voice was almost incredulous.
“The Pride of the Wellfar’s disembarking them fast. Citz—it’s a force of a few thousand. Four…six? Lots mounted. I’m counting heavy bows too.”
“Strike force. They’re all veterans.”
“Yes, sir, but we outnumber them by—”
Madiur realized how stupid a statement that was, and bit his tongue to avoid it going down in the books. He tried to spot their nobility who would be leading them, but the only one he spotted was…
A man riding ahead of a column of [Riders]. He had dark hair and a straight-backed posture, but that was all Madiur could see from here. His helmet shifted as he looked up the slope, and the Rear Admiral saw Tyrion Veltras.
The 2nd best [Lord] in the world—according to one biased [Writer]—had a presence that lit up the battlefield. His forces seemed to move a bit sharper, and even at a canter as they disembarked, they moved fast.
He was a famous lancer, renowned as a great war leader and strategist, and Madiur itched to see how good he’d have been on a boat’s slippery deck without that damned horse. Still…he’d have to ride through all of Ailendamus’ forces to get here.
“They’ll be circling our fighting once this battle concludes. The Pride of the Wellfar will be assailing every coastal area from afar if we cannot stop it.”
Citz’s voice was frustrated, and Madiur saw what that would look like. They had lost their forward fleet sent to encircle the Dawn Concordat. They could risk the rest of it, but Ailendamus was not a powerful naval presence. If Pheislant joined the war with the Order of Seasons, Ailendamus would have to prevail on the Taimaguros Dominion, their allies, for help.
Embarrassing, costly, and all the while, Tyrion Veltras’ army would be assailing weak spots using that powerful ship as a base.
Or would they? Madiur’s jaw worked as he saw something inconceivable.
“Hold on, Citz. You’re not going to believe this. The Pride of the Wellfar is…moving away!”
“What? Are they repositioning? [Sense Attack] is failing to pick up any flanking maneuver…”
“No! They’re heading full-sails away! They’ve left Veltras on the beach!”
Madness. The most powerful mobile artillery that could not be taken was abandoning House Veltras. True, he was fighting the fleet, but he was outnumbered, and they had entrenched themselves. Madiur’s blood boiled, but Citz was plainly worried.
“They must think they can take your force here. House Veltras may simply advance through Calanfer.”
“They’ll have to go through us, sir. And they just got rid of their long-range bombardments.”
Madiur growled. He saw his forces spreading out as House Veltras entered the forest and moved into position. There were multiple leaders, he saw now. Citz had listed some of them.
A Lord Swey, infantry specialist. Renowned for his family’s location—a giant plateau that required climbing.
Lady Buscrei of the Marshes of Oswen. Their bows made up some of Veltras’ best hunter-snipers.
Lord Pellmia Quellae, not Veltras but close. A formidable [Commander] who was best for long wars; his forces would never go hungry thanks to his class. Also—and this was a distracting detail—Citz had mentioned he had recently been appraised as a [Matchmaker]?
