8.69 T
Page 10
And that was him being tactful. Which said a lot about what he was going to say. Actually, the [Courtier] could almost agree with Lord Veltras on that. The Dawn Concordat was plagued by three nations trying to dictate the best course of action, but he had his orders.
His best [Winning Smile] on his face, the man followed as Tyrion sped up; he looked to be heading north, ahead of his footsoldiers.
“Lord Veltras. His Majesty politely insists upon a meeting. You must understand, the Crown should at least entertain House Veltras. It would not be a delay of more than one day, and in light of the situation, it may be Calanfer can ransom those two!”
Politics were Calanfer’s forte, which was why Ailendamus’ refusal to entertain their overtures at all was so effective. But House Veltras and certainly this man could be negotiated into staying in the war, even if Tyrion got what he wanted.
If he visited the throne. Tyrion glanced over his shoulder at the [Courtier].
“I regret to say that I have a pressing engagement on the front. Please inform His Majesty I was most heartbroken at my inability to comply. Only for the sheer necessity of war must I tender my regrets.”
The [Courtier] was braced.
“Sir, [By the Throne], I must insist that you rec—Lord Veltras? Wait! Lord V…”
His best Skill could, indeed, perhaps even cause a powerful individual to hesitate, as it conferred the power of Calanfer’s throne on the [Courtier] if he was so authorized.
But…that did sort of require him to catch and talk to the person. And the racing [Courtier] nearly severed his own tongue as he realized his horse was slowing. He tried to make the mare go faster, but she balked and nearly tossed him. He realized he’d been in full-gallop—and Tyrion Veltras had just rode away from him at a canter.
The messenger came to a stop as Tyrion Veltras accelerated into the distance with a trail of a few hundred [Riders]. The Eternal Throne’s clever machinations, the will of Their Majesties, and so on were hardly behind a man as blunt as Tyrion Veltras.
The only problem was, they were too slow. And arguably…they had little insight into Tyrion’s own mind. He was as straightforward as a lance, which quite perplexed Calanfer’s lot. They could understand it, but they expected at least one wobble or warp in his character.
 
——
 
Tyrion Veltras was just straightforward. In his mind-of-minds, he thought of things like that. He liked knowing the quality of someone like Pellmia. He disliked people like Magnolia, who were inconsistent.
That was not to say he was a simple military leader. On the contrary, he sent the riders he led on a positively obfuscating route into Kaliv. They could ride up cliff faces, through terrain ordinary horses would never climb.
And with Jericha shielding them from scrying, they became phantoms who could strike Ailendamus from any angle while Pellmia moved his main force through Calanfer.
Tyrion did a lot of thinking in between the clash of battle. He had lots of time; even at the speed he rode, and with all the communication he did with his own allies if no one else, planning, surveying terrain…you still tended to sit in the saddle and think.
Sometimes he just loved watching the scenery. Other times he lost himself in the mindless concentration of exercise. But right now he thought.
Ryoka Griffin. Tyrion picked his way up a slope of gravel, checked the top of a cliff, decided it was impossible to take his force up there, and pointed.
“[Light Bridge]. There to there. We ride up to the plateau.”
“Yes, sir.”
