8.69 T
Page 1
That was Wellfar’s might. A portion of it. A tenth? Madiur didn’t know exactly, but it was worth more than any living [Lord] or [Lady]. It had endured beyond thousands, into tens of thousands of years.
And he regretted he couldn’t even scratch it, let alone board it. He had briefly—briefly considered it.
But Madiur was not Admiral Idiot. His name was Admiral Dakelos, who had been fooled into attacking Nadel and the Lord of the Dance, but his reputation was dirt as far as Ailendamus was concerned. If he hadn’t been fooled, maybe they could have risked a battle with their warships, but the idiot had lost some of their best vessels and made an enemy of Nadel.
Ironically, he might survive this. He’s attached to some tug-boat with his command, and we’re…
Madiur was trying to decide whether they were going to live or not. The thing was, he wasn’t Dakelos.
Dakelos, for all his gullible faults, was a full [Admiral] of Terandria, highest-level, second only to a Great General or his equivalent at sea, and they were few. Madiur was a step below, but he had something Dakelos did not, and that was a [Historian] for a mother. He knew the Five Families, and so he’d taken his crew on land since it beat fighting a legend that had killed Dragonships.
The Pride of the Wellfar could generate a distortion in space that allowed it to sail upon seas few dreamed of. Also—it allowed it to take a thousand fireballs and change their position, so you’d burn your own fleet with your fire.
Better to take on mortals. As far as Madiur could tell, they were still disembarking.
“What’ve we got?”
“Duke Rhisveri and Royal Strategist Citz are waiting for you, Rear Admiral—”
“Not that. The enemy, the enemy! Tell Citz I’ll speak with him shortly. Set up those damned palisades! [Archers]! There, there, and there!”
He’d found his place to die, and it was a good one. Madiur had a steep cliff face, and below him, he saw his forces taking points on the incline up.
Simple, good old-fashioned choke-points, and Madiur had his [Archers] and [Mages] on a plateau with nigh-vertical cliffs. He glanced over the edge of one and was rewarded with no back-trails, no stupid weak points. Just a river entering the sea on his left flank; his right, a gentler forest crossing with the cliffs.
The open ground and beach were below, and his troops were hunkered down as artillery spells rained around them.
But Veltras would have to climb up, and Wellfar wouldn’t leave their ships.
So come on. Let’s see how good you are.
It was only House Veltras who was landing. They had assistance from the other Five Families, but Veltras alone was a famously martial house. Madiur updated Citz, glad the Royal Strategist didn’t hang on formalities.
He had no time for Duke Rhisveri. This was not politics, and Madiur would take whatever censure from the King’s touchy brother later.
“…we are not counting many [Lords] and [Ladies], Rear Admiral. Taking one prisoner would ensure some safety. Calanfer is mobilizing a force to assault you from the rear.”
“We won’t need to wait for them, Citz. Just be glad we didn’t land in Gaiil-Drome!”
The half-Elves would have torn them to pieces in the forest. The [Strategist] agreed, and Madiur lowered the stone.
“Hold on. I’m getting you your force estimate. It might heat up soon, Citz. I’ve ordered my men to surrender if need be. I will take responsibility for it.”
“You have permission to surrender your force, Rear Admiral. Try to take out one of their leaders.”
