8.69 T
Page 19
What puzzled him and Jericha, then, was that the negotiators never promised either Ryoka or Sammial’s return. Which they should have, because to do otherwise was an asinine move that Tyrion wouldn’t even consider and said as much.
However, neither Tyrion nor Jericha knew the situation in the capital. Thus, they couldn’t be aware that because of a certain Duke, Ryoka and Sammial were off-the-table for a good portion of the war.
 
——
 
Dreams of Ryoka, worry about his son, negotiations and battle. Tyrion Veltras demonstrated to the Dawn Concordat how to defeat four hundred [Knights] of the Order of the Hydra with minimal losses.
As far as they were concerned, he was an amazing ally who had come out of nowhere to give them hope.
…But as far as the leaders of each nation were concerned, Tyrion was also getting dangerously helpful. As in—was one [Princess] enough? And if she was—did they have her?
The ulcers he caused to the [King] and [Queen] of Calanfer were unknown to Tyrion Veltras. He might well have said, ‘I entered this war for my son and Ryoka Griffin, who I have every intention of propositioning. I require no further debt to Calanfer’.
Which would have been…something…if broadcast. But Jericha was canny enough to stop Tyrion from saying that, as the invisible debt of Calanfer grew. Gaiil-Drome and Kaliv just thought Calanfer had pulled some diplomatic magic to get Tyrion involved, and it had risen Calanfer’s reputation after they had failed to pull their weight militarily.
Tyrion calling in that debt…
Well, that might have been why Tyrion Veltras woke up one day after a dream about Ryoka Griffin flying over a sea of Sammials riding Otterdogs to learn he had an esteemed guest. And for once—an interesting one.
The Lightherald of Calanfer was a famous name. The Lightherald had been there when Az’kerash had been sentenced to death. He had even been a friend of the Necromancer when he had been Perril Chandler. The Lightherald had battled one of the last known Dragons, fought on Rhir, and was the greatest warrior in the Eternal Kingdom of Calanfer.
And like the Hundred Families of Terandria, the ‘Lightherald’ was not one man or woman. It was a title. It was…a blessing.
A literal blessing. Tyrion Veltras saw the shine off the armor and realized the man was giving away his camp; he lit up the entire canyon like day.
“Lord Veltras. I am humbled to meet such a great warrior. I salute you by the Eternal Throne of Calanfer. Let all evil quake and all Terandria remember the name of Veltras. By the Hundred Families, the blood of ancient heroes still runs strong.”
The Lightherald’s voice was a booming one, and he himself had the manners of a Thronebearer—but the bearing of a warrior.
No less than a greatsword hung on his back, an enchanted blade, and his armor was the best in Calanfer’s armory, the Lightherald’s of old.
But what added to his abilities and levels was the blessing. The Lightherald was quite frank about it once formalities were done.
“No less than His Majesty, King Reclis du Marquin, has bestowed it upon me. It is a Royal Skill passed down from generation to generation. I am empowered, as you see Lord Tyrion, by the very nature of dawn and light. My sword blinds my opponents; my armor is enhanced. I am strongest as the dawn breaks and weakest by night, but even at night, the Dawn Concordat’s armies will not be blinded but see by the radiance bestowed and our enemies blinded.”
