8.69 T
Page 13
Had Salva been happy? 
Tyrion just remembered…cessation. That irritable, prickly feeling as he adjusted his clothing before a banquet fading as someone took him by the arm. He looked up into sparkling, bright yellow eyes and someone pulled him. Tyrion followed that voice.
“Tyrion, don’t scowl. You will love it. Pellmia’s there. And if you don’t love it, we’ll leave.”
Then they left after fifteen minutes, and he looked at her and saw how she fumed and thought her tossing her drink on Magnolia Reinhart was the funniest moment he’d seen all year and–
Thought about Ryoka. Then thought about Salva again guiltily. And worried if she had been happy. He hoped so.
He thought she had been. But he wondered. What could he offer Ryoka Griffin? What did she want? Put on its head, the answer was obvious.
He…felt…strongly that Ryoka was good for Sammial and Hethon. They laughed. They pestered her. She had saved their lives and that alone would have been more than enough.
 
——
 
“But Tyrion, what about you?”
The question came after six officers, from a [Major] to what might have been a sub-[General], had fallen to Tyrion’s hand alone. Pellmia himself said it, having reached Tyrion’s front.
Now they’d had to take care with the slower infantry, but a few [Griffin Riders] had joined their ranks, and with Calanfer’s recruits and Kaliv’s rescued soldiers, Tyrion was beginning to have an army.
And reputation. The Ailendamus forces were slowing as they realized they could not spread out and be hit by him—and the Griffin Prince of Kaliv. Both their groups routed even strong enemy forces on their own. Tyrion by virtue of his maneuvering, his levels, even tasking Buscrei or Swey with targets while he hit other ones.
The Griffin Prince? People said he was immortal. He had been ‘killed’ many times, but he came back. Tyrion was interested in meeting him himself.
“Give me? I…believe I would greatly enjoy her company.”
He said it so honestly that Pellmia turned red. Tyrion meant it.
He had a duty to Salva to seek vengeance. He had his duties to his realm. But in the times when there were no monsters or war or…anything, Tyrion could admit, he grew weary.
He enjoyed jousting, riding, and training, but Salva had been that person who filled that last part of his life. And if he had his passions like jousting, his duty for a purpose, and…
“Do you think she’ll stay? She’s a Courier, Tyrion, and she has obligations.”
It was another of his extended family who brought that up. Tyrion considered the question all day and delivered a reply over dinner.
“I believe that wouldn’t matter.”
“Hm?”
The man, Lord Inyith, was completely nonplussed until Tyrion reminded him of what they’d been speaking of.
“I believe it wouldn’t matter. If she had to leave, her own obligations—I understand that. But if she returned, I think I could enjoy those times. I could wait for her the other times.”
Buscrei, Swey, the [Lords] and [Ladies] and Pellmia all looked at each other in silence. Buscrei covered her eyes.
“He’s serious. Someone slap soup in my eyes or hand me an Otterdog.”
She smiled, and some were patently uncomfortable, but Tyrion was realizing something. He gave voice to it quietly, and only to himself.
I am lonely.
And it felt like he had realized the obvious that had been staring him in the face for many years. But since he hadn’t known he was cut, it had only hurt a bit. Now?
Now he began to bleed.
 
——
 
Blood on his gauntlets, shaking arm—
