8.69 T
Page 17
He watched Eldavin’s entry into the war with a frown. For once, he had to stop thinking about Ryoka Griffin to figure it out.
Flying armored [Mages]. It would require rethinking tactics entirely. He couldn’t use [Light Bridge]; any decent combatant would fly out of the way.
Did he have to learn how to ride a Pegasus? Tyrion wondered if that was how he could keep up with Ryoka Griffin. He’d flown two and never fallen off, but he was hardly confident with them.
Everyone else was thinking of the politics of it, or asking who Eldavin was. Tyrion…
…Was fairly sure Eldavin was Ryoka’s mysterious benefactor. Were they in a relationship?
He hoped not.
His thoughts of Ryoka had grown spiky where it concerned the idea of her having a lover. Despite that being a rational thought. No, Eldavin was far too old. And besides, he had asked Tyrion whether Ryoka was Ailendamus’ captive. Tyrion had told him yes.
They were in this war for similar reasons.
But Tyrion was more uncomfortable now than when he’d started this war, despite Eldavin’s entry meaning it would be easier. And that was important—Tyrion was growing a bit uneasy because Ailendamus was falling back.
He had secured the area around Calanfer’s borders through his attacks, but his army was barely eighteen thousand strong, even with the Dawn Concordat’s forces added to his own. He would have preferred Ailendamus to keep pushing because no nation was infinite.
He could bleed their morale and soldiers. However—they had withdrawn rather than waste troops.
Tyrion did not like the sensible decision, which was entirely devoid of emotion. It spoke to him of intelligence. Unlike elements of the Dawn Concordat. Each nation had intelligent moves, of course, but some decisions were simply…foolhardy.
Like the Thronebearers of Calanfer refusing to fight hard. In that, Tyrion would have sent their forces in and let them hold tough positions. He would have risked their deaths for levels. They had to level, but Calanfer refused to commit them.
Of course, Tyrion avoided that kind of grinding in his campaigns, but he did not control the entire Dawn Concordat’s army. They had to bleed; he was preserving his strength, but he was sure they would prefer him to fight as hard as possible and bleed while they fought like him.
Regardless, he had won many victories and felt close to levelling. What would it be now? 48? It had been a while.
Close to 50 as a pure [Lord], or his true class, [Lancelord of A Thousand Victories].
Too pithy for his taste, but a strong class. There were stronger. Level 50 might make him…
Well, truly worth any title. Tyrion knew that [Lords] leveled slower than [Warriors], and that levels were lower in this era, but he had always felt ashamed to be called a model of House Veltras below Level 50.
His father hadn’t reached Level 50.
It was an odd feeling. Tyrion had been feeling odd a lot, and it was because of all this introspection. Understanding he had surpassed his father, even in martial prowess, was something he had to think about. Push it away and it would just be there, waiting for you. Tyrion had pushed many feelings away, but he was realizing—
He had to face his foes.
Including his greatest foe yet in this war. Tyrion knew the Dawn Concordat was poising itself to break the siege on Kaliv’s highlands, and Calanfer was raising a large army to join the one that was meeting Ailendamus’ in the field. He wondered if now was the time to join them. But he felt…something was coming.
