8.69 T
Page 0

One of the easiest ways to tell a casual poser, imposter, or fake out from genuine nobility was to bring up the Hundred Families of Terandria. The most basic test was to talk about them like a literal hundred.
Because they weren’t. The Hundred Families of Terandria, each one who could trace their bloodlines back to the days of myth and legend and the Hundred [Heroes] of Terandria, were not still extant.
Some had been wiped out. Some bloodlines, irrevocably lost. The Goblin King—the second-to-latest Goblin King had wiped out a number of families to the last.
But blood mixed over time, and most royal families, even ones newly made of commoner-stock like Calanfer, married into the ‘purest’ blue blood and thus gained their claim to fame.
The point was, the Hundred Families was a metaphor for the royal blood that ran through kingdoms and powerful families. If you didn’t get that, you were quickly slapped with a Skill and ejected from any gathering. Or just beheaded, but that was the good old days.
However, what was not an analogy was—the Five Families of Izril.
Veltras, El, Reinhart, Terland, Wellfar.
They were old. Older than Calanfer. They were ‘new’ to Izril in the way that you called Salazsar one of the ‘newest’ Walled Cities. Admittedly, there was a time you couldn’t find much Human presence on Izril and they had yet to fully occupy the north like Terandria.
But even so. The Five Families of Izril traced their lineage back to the Hundred Families of Terandria. Hence…the name. The nobility were unsubtle sometimes, but the point was they had conquered Izril acre by acre, foot by foot, pushing Gnolls, Drakes, and even Dragons off their territory.
Five families. They had help. They made alliances and manipulated their foes, but if any group embodied the strength of the Hundred Families—perhaps it was the five who had left their home.
But artifacts got lost or broken. Vast armies turned into heirlooms and stories. Land changed hands, and the greatest [Lady] of her day was succeeded by her daughter, who might never step into those shoes.
Were they as good as their inception?
 
——
 
Hardly.
If this were the old Veltras Family, they’d all be dead. That was the sole comfort in [Rear Admiral] Madiur’s mind as he led his force of [Sailors], [Soldiers], and the rest of Ailendamus’ navy up the cliffs.
Cliffs. Not the comforting sway of ship decks. Worse, it was Calanfer’s terrain, or close enough. Madiur had committed a capital sin among any [Captain], let alone an entire fleet.
He had run his entire navy into the beaches, ordered them scuttled, and taken every fighting hand into the elevation.
This was the second day after the Five Families entered the war, and he took some bitter pleasure in knowing that the history books would record his force was the first to step foot on Calanfer proper.
It was even a genius move in a sense; if this had been a regular landing, they would have threatened Calanfer.
But it wasn’t. They were here because they could not hold the sea. Even now, the [Rear Admiral] glanced over his shoulder and thought he saw one of those glorious sails, that beautiful vessel with construction and details no modern warship could dream of, gliding along the coast.
The Pride of the Wellfar. A Citadel-class ship which was, at this moment, blowing the coastline to bits.
Not all of it. But the spells were hitting anyone in the open, and it had sunk five ships yesterday in the brief retreat. Their hulls were tangled along the shore.
