8.69 T
Page 8
After making sure there were enough guards and they were secured enough not to riot, he returned to Tyrion with two hundred [Riders] from Calanfer added to his ranks.
“They were not happy about it, Lord Veltras. I had to ride off with their [Garrison Commander] trying to hold onto my saddle. His Majesty of Calanfer wishes to speak to you.”
“Hm. King Reclis du Marquin.”
Tyrion slowed a bit so a panting Pellmia could join him. The [Lord] had ridden hard, even rationing two doses of stamina potion to catch Tyrion’s main force. And they were the foot-soldiers!
Three days since their landing on the beach passed like a whirlwind. Tyrion Veltras sent the captured [Soldiers] of Ailendamus to the garrison and then marched his army through Calanfer. He was famous for being able to cross Izril as fast as Magnolia Reinhart’s coach; a smaller nation like Calanfer was not an issue.
In fact, it was Tyrion Veltras himself who’d ridden back to meet with Pellmia. The [Lord] nodded ahead.
“My [Riders] are seventy miles ahead of this position. Are you willing to continue leading our forces on their current heading? I’d like to take Lord Swey and a few of his people into my command.”
“Eighty miles…? We barely slept! Dead gods, Tyrion! There’s such a thing as pacing yourself!”
Pellmia looked at the [Lord] with a mix of amazement and admiration. Tyrion just shrugged.
“I need your answer within half an hour; we need to catch up by nightfall. The only thing keeping Ailendamus from adjusting to us will be speed. We must enter Kaliv and begin harassing them at once. Lord Etril has already begun patrolling the southern coast, and he is heading up towards Pheislant to aid the Order of the Seasons.”
At this point in the war, neither man was aware of Eldavin’s plans, so Pellmia saw the sense in Tyrion’s objectives.
“What about Calanfer?”
“What about it?”
Tyrion glanced over his shoulder. Pellmia had spotted a rather radiant banner on his way here, and he pointed to the [Courtier] who was arguing with Jericha, clearly trying to get to Lord Tyrion.
“I see it’s taken them three days to even catch you in person. They cannot be at home with one of the Five Families marching through their lands!”
Tyrion nodded.
“I have given the Crown several reassurances under oath that we are on their side. Kaliv has accepted them without reservation, as has Gaiil-Drome. I understand that the [Courtier] wishes me to stop at The Eternal Throne to speak to Their Majesties.”
“Understandable. And you are going to…?”
Lord Pellmia had a sinking feeling he knew what Tyrion’s decision on that was. The [Lord] sighed.
“Are you willing to take command?”
“Naturally. Just tell me where to go. That encoding on your [Messages] is wonderful stuff; I don’t need to worry about code-phrases as much. Is there any word about Sammial or…?”
“None.”
Tyrion was curt and as taut as a nocked arrow. And that was the thing. Pellmia was used to his campaigning-style.
If anything, he had been charming, friendly, and even obsequious to everyone during the Goblin Lord campaign, mainly because he had to keep the various nobility together.
Tyrion had no such issue with his allies here. As the [Lord] conferred with Pellmia and broke away, the [Courtier] made a break for it.
“Lord Veltras! Honored Lord Veltras—The Eternal Throne greets Tyrion Veltras in the name of—”
Jericha and the bodyguards stopped him riding for Tyrion with bared blades, but the [Lord] held up a hand.
