8.69 T
Page 5
They didn’t need to take casualties. Buscrei was one of those trusted to take charge herself and flank the enemy. So the question was…why were they here?
Not here, here, creeping up the river, moving through the mud and water unseen by Ailendamus. That was just strategic.
These [Sailors] thought they had a view of the river, but Oswen was all-swamp. One of the [Marsh Hunters] surfaced after nearly three minutes underwater, and their bows and arrows were waterproofed.
In Oswen, if you didn’t have stealth and keen eyes, you’d miss your prey or become prey yourself for whatever lurked in the water. Buscrei had grown up shooting arrows from her tree-home, and her group had her Skill on them.
[Aquatic Invisibility]. Any part of them submerged in water vanished. Camouflage Skills and their own gear made up the rest of the lack, and they left no trail as they headed up the river, pausing to hit their opponents. If they were spotted, Buscrei would simply have them dive to the riverbed and let the current sweep them to safety.
But why were they here? Buscrei had not been ordered to by Tyrion, and she could have refused even if he’d tried. Same with Swey. They both were important members of their households.
Was it just for Sammial or Ryoka? For Buscrei, it was about that boy. He didn’t deserve this, and if she had to shoot every [Soldier] between her and Ailendamus, she’d see him home. She had known loss, and Tyrion Veltras didn’t need to lose a child.
Swey…had different issues. That was the thing. House Veltras brought their losses and past regrets into war. She saw him fighting his way forwards with his people, who would never lose their grip on anything. They could climb those cliffs ahead if need be with their bare hands, with ease.
Buscrei suspected Swey had come, though, because of Ryoka as much as Sammial. Not just for the young woman herself, but what she represented. She had been kidnapped while they’d been at House Veltras, and if he turned away from her, even if he sent only his forces, he might have felt he had abandoned her.
Let go.
There was an old story about Swey as a young man, climbing with a friend. They had gone up a shelf in the spring, and it had begun to collapse. A younger man had held his friend’s hand in the rain and muck, clinging with the other to the rock face, trying to hold them both up. His grip had slipped.
That was the past of each [Lord] and [Lady]. It changed their classes and informed the present. They might not have had the levels of their heroic ancestors, but Veltras had never lost that wildness. Buscrei found her position at last and showered the enemy from the back, distracting them.
“They’re surrendering to Swey. Hold—redirect!”
She put up her hand, and her [Archers] halted. Buscrei put an arrow through another [Officer] and didn’t fire as [Sailors] surrendered. Some fought on, but she didn’t hate these [Soldiers]. Her war was for Sammial, and she’d reserve her arrows for the [Knights] who’d gone after Ryoka and him.
But one man burned hotter than she’d seen him since…well. Buscrei eyed the [Rear Admiral]’s vantage point. If she were in his shoes, she would have put up the white flag already.
 
——
 
Veltras’ advance was like lightning. It seemed like Madiur’s orderly defensive line just…folded up.
Arrows from above. Arrows from behind. Veltras didn’t even need strong [Mages], and they had a few. [Sailors], good fighters, met Veltras’ most experienced warriors and died.
But where was Tyrion Veltras? Madiur looked around. Surely he was somewhere.
