8.69 T
Page 12
When had it changed? He couldn’t remember, only a growing sense of understanding duty, of realizing, year by year, battle and experience teaching him to respect those under his command. To not pine for battle as harshly.
In some ways, though, Tyrion missed being young. He was arguably stronger, faster, and certainly higher-leveled, but youth…youth was youth.
He would never admit this, ever. But some of Tyrion missed the days that had seen him as a warier friend to Magnolia Reinhart. Of course, then he hadn’t understood much either, and she had annoyed him worse than Buscrei. And he recalled proposing to Ressa—which is what Buscrei was telling him now.
“Tact. Pellmia has spoken with me about it quite often, Buscrei. I wouldn’t have brought it up to Ryoka Griffin…”
He hesitated.
“…I will not. I am willing to listen. Do you think it’s an issue? If so, I will abandon the idea. And I would appreciate you informing me earlier to prevent any such mistakes if it is entirely untoward.”
There was that look again. Buscrei looked exasperated, and Swey’s amusement turned to…what? Pity? Sympathy?
“Tyrion, I have seen you enjoying a woman’s company twice in my life. And that was Salva and now Ryoka.”
“I enjoyed Ressa’s company.”
And she spat out her soup and nearly choked again. Tyrion decided he might need to be less than honest. Buscrei, though? A younger woman would have needled him. The older [Lady] just looked at Tyrion and sighed.
“I’d ask so many questions here—but let me put it like this, Tyrion. Before you ask about age—and she’s not exactly sixteen—what are you offering the girl?”
“My estates and the name of House Veltras? Even if we divorced—”
Buscrei put her head in her hands, and Swey took over.
“That’s a poor gift, Tyrion. Buscrei is asking what you can do for Ryoka.”
“Ah.”
 
——
 
What had he given Salva? The question plagued Tyrion as they rode up some difficult terrain, even for him. He had to walk his own horse; the footing was dangerous, and while there were Skills, the danger of a rockslide across the highly-gravelly terrain meant that a falling stone could easily snap a horse’s leg.
And he refused to lose any of them. Tyrion had found Kaliv’s forces and admired their mounted unit: a goat. Not Eater Goats, but a Crenneth Goat, a huge, stout goat that grew so big you could ride it. Like a bull that could climb rocks. They were capable of heading up nigh-vertical slopes even without Skills.
But they hardly had the endurance or speed of regular horses. Camels? Tyrion had ridden camels, horses, mules, donkeys, magical beasts…maybe he should look into a magical horse. He had the highest-quality purebreds, but magical animals couldn’t be replaced. And while it was tragic, he had lost many a mount in battle.
That was the problem. Tyrion slapped the side of his helmet, and Jericha looked at him oddly as she created barriers to stop the rocks from falling. He could think about horses, supply lines, and so on all day.
People were harder. Sammial was harder. Hethon…
What had he given Salva? No, perhaps that was the problem. Tyrion had never considered it, because she had pursued him. Rather aggressively, Pellmia had once said. Tyrion had to confess—
He hadn’t noticed at first.
Was he oblivious? The [Lord] spotted a tamed hawk scouting their position and had Buscrei take it out from nearly three hundred feet away, hidden in the rockface. But he couldn’t see the invitation to dance unless someone handed him a card. Then, a terrible question came to him as he watched Jericha preparing spells to throw at an Ailendamus column.
