8.69 T
Page 21
He had to focus. After this battle…everything could happen or nothing. So for once, Tyrion Veltras sat forwards in his saddle. He devoted his all because he felt that [General] waiting for him.
A worthy foe. And because, for the first time, Tyrion felt that uneasy feeling of being…outlevelled; he remembered the last time he had felt so.
Facing the Goblin King and his armies. It was an unpleasant feeling, so Tyrion turned to Jericha.
“We will make arrangements in case I should fall.”
“They have already been made, Lord Veltras. If you should fall…we are ready. I have appointed Ullim with the task.”
Jericha met his gaze, and it was clear that she thought if he fell, she would be dead. Tyrion shook his head slowly.
“If I should fall, you flee, Jericha. And if that happens…it is a selfish thing.”
He looked up and thought it was. But perhaps Pellmia would approve because if that happened, Tyrion was dead. Jericha looked at him sharply.
“Why would I flee, Lord Veltras?”
“To deliver my amended will.”
The [Lord] of House Veltras smiled as he looked ahead for the one thing he knew. The one thing he could offer this world. The one thing he was good at. It was not raising his sons, and that was something he realized he regretted with all his heart. So. He turned to Jericha.
“If I should die, you live. And ask…ask Ryoka Griffin to help raise them.”
He left her behind in dead silence as Tyrion rode. He spoke as he looked ahead.
“Raise the banner of House Veltras. Every enchanted weapon is to be unveiled. This battle will be the pivotal moment in this war. To arms! For House Veltras!”
He rode ahead, lance raised. Feeling as free as a butterfly.
Until—
He heard Ryoka Griffin’s name on the wind.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: 13,000 words. You did not expect it, but it was me, pirateaba!
That’s right, you fools. It’s a chapter. Out now. It’s like ⅓ of a regular chapter? Well, enjoy it because it came out today.
And you’re getting one tomorrow.
In theory.
We’ve begun something I did last year on my birthday week. It is my determination that this may be the best way to tell this arc—so here we are. A chapter a day!
Of course, if I fail to deliver, this is an existing monument to my shame. But here we go! See you tomorrow. This has been your Tyrion chapter. What’s next? Who knows! See you then and thanks for reading!
 
Sophridel by Enuryn the [Naturalist]!


Portfolio: https://enuryndraws.art/
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/enuryn
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Enuryn_Nat



(Full-size version here!)
 

