8.69 T
Page 20
…So he was bright. Tyrion Veltras suspected the blessing also depended on the level of the [King] and the individual abilities of the Lightherald. The man did not have long to talk, but he did speak overlong about Calanfer’s debt to House Veltras.
“I understand no contract was secured. But His Majesty wishes me to personally assure you it is a debt he considers strong as any pact signed in blood. Calanfer will not forget this deed.”
“I see. I regret that my forces cannot join you on the front. You are bound…?”
The Lightherald’s helmet showed none of his face; not one bit of skin on his entire body. He might not have even been a man. Maybe the voice was faked too.
“For our forces. Ailendamus has sent a great army. Well, now is the hour for my Order, the Thronebearers, to stand as one. I confess, I am eager for the battle. His Majesty did not wish to risk my defeat or capture, so, as shameful as it is, I have waited overlong for battle.”
“I see. Then we will discuss any ties after this war. I would be wary of that army.”
The Lightherald nodded seriously.
“Yet we must go. With the Archmage of Memory, Order of Seasons and Pheislant on our flanks, we may finally concentrate our forces. Kaliv is in danger; I will not tarry. Lord Veltras, it was my honor to meet you.”
He bowed and walked away. It seemed like everyone who saw him, especially Calanfer’s own, were struck with awe and courage.
Tyrion was not. He recognized an aura when he saw it. The blessing also did that. He was pleased to see Jericha eyed the man as she hurried over.
“Lord Veltras. What would you say was the level of the Lightherald?”
Tyrion considered the question.
“…Level 37. Below Level 40, but not weak. With his blessing and armor, he may well be on par with a Named-rank adventurer. A fitting champion for Calanfer.”
“Yes, Lord Veltras.”
Neither one of them said anything else. It would have been improper, because the Lightherald was valorous and seemed true in action or deed.
But Tyrion was glad that Ailendamus struck before the Lightherald got to the frontlines. Because if they had—well.
The Great General of Ailendamus, the General of Ages, entered the war, and Tyrion saw his foe at last. The Lightherald’s force didn’t go to reinforce the Dawn Concordat’s main army.
They became the Dawn Concordat’s main army, and hastened their steps towards Krawlnmak’s Pass, where three [Princesses] of Calanfer were under siege, and a vast army of Ailendamus waited for their foe. Tyrion Veltras closed his eyes when he heard it.
“Tyrion?”
Swey, Buscrei, Pellmia, the [Lords] and [Ladies], all waited on his word. Tyrion opened his eyes.
“It will be there. Strike our camps. Pull every [Soldier]—but do not have them rally. We will establish our modes of attack.”
“Is it wise to commit to the Lightherald’s counterattack, Tyrion? He has to rescue the [Princesses]; we do not.”
Pellmia was worried. Tyrion just shook his head.
“The bulk of the Dawn Concordat’s army is there. They have lost once, and every [Soldier] Calanfer and Gaiil-Drome can send will join them. If they are routed, there will be no army for us to fight with. Our goal is simple: slay the Great General of Ailendamus.”
Do that and the Kingdom of Glass and Glory would lose too much. If the Dawn Concordat won, Tyrion was in position to bargain. If they lost? Then Ailendamus would keep them.
So the [Lord] of House Veltras rode after the Lightherald. That was his battle, and for once, his mind was clear.
No thoughts of Ryoka. Or Sammial or the future of marriage.
