8.69 T
Page 4
“I see the enemy as they bravely stand/Human’s get, woman and man. Is it Terland’s wish to rain fire upon this land?”
Shivers. Just pure shivers from Ricuv. The Golem, the torso of the woman holding the giant bow loaded with an arrow of its own, spoke. One of Terland’s technicians gazed up in awe as the floating arrows and eyes of the Golem focused.
Not just the eyes on the carven head. Ricuv could appreciate the other magical sensors that were scrutinizing the battlefield. It was her peer, Lord Jopnel, who had the privilege of ordering the assault.
“Yes. Death to the enemies of the House of Terland, beauteous Aegis!”
The Aegis of the Bow, one of Terland’s ancient war-Golems, could speak in poetry—albeit limitedly as it was not actually sentient—load any ammunition, including rocks, and propel it farther than a longbow via gravity magic.
Oh, it also had amazing aim.
The arrows exploded out of the Aegis’ chest with a surprisingly soft sound, but they divided upwards, spreading across the air and shooting towards their targets, each one different like a glorious lightshow. Ricuv clapped her hands in delight as they struck the ground.
It was part of the reason Lord Veltras had requested Etril Wellfar to take his ship and harry Ailendamus from other angles. There was no need for it here. The first of Terland’s Golems calmly reloaded one arrow as the helpers hurried to insert more arrows into the firing stomach.
“Regular arrows. Batch of eighty. Shorter-range. We will advance as Lord Tyrion bids. Not one scratch on the Aegis!”
Ricuv ordered, and a giant Golem, eighteen feet tall and armed with a mirror-shield to protect them from spells, lumbered forwards. The [Lady] fanned herself as she watched the Aegis prepare to fire again.
She wondered where the [Lords] and [Ladies] of the House of Veltras had got to. Ricuv didn’t actually care. The only other place she would rather be than this would be meeting Cognita Truestone up close. Of the many families and nations, Illivere and the Terlands were among the few who had truly respected Archmage Zelkyr.
 
——
 
Lady Buscrei didn’t like the Terlands. They were weird about Golems. You heard things.
Not about the sex-Golems. That was practically a given, and odd enough.
Some of them wanted to be more Golem than people. And they were willing to sacrifice limbs, not just wait for accidents.
They were odd. But then, so were Veltras to them. So were the Reinharts, El, Wellfar…it was family. But distant family.
This was for Sammial. And Ryoka, but Buscrei would happily admit, she wouldn’t have come herself for the Wind Runner.
They could well die. And that was fair; she did not like the Aegis of the Bow. She watched as arrows landed among Ailendamus’ forces and they died.
“Poor bastards.”
It was barely a whisper. Maybe that Golem could win the entire battle, but Buscrei didn’t like it. That wasn’t how you fought. She put an arrow to her bow and prepared to shoot someone through the head, and that was fairer. If they found her and her people, she might die. But she’d admit—it was still unfair.
“Loose. One volley.”
The bows of Oswen’s folk hissed rather than thwapped. The arrows were likewise silent. A group of [Sailors] collapsed as Veltras’ folk advanced. Buscrei lifted a hand, and her people followed her.
They were not in the vanguard. Neither was Tyrion; he was riding at speed through the forests on the right. The only group actually advancing directly was led by Pellmia, Swey, and a few of the others. Slowly.
