8.69 T
Page 9
“I greet The Eternal Throne of Calanfer. I tender my warmest thanks to His and Her Majesties of Calanfer and bid them well. House Veltras stands with Calanfer, as I have communicated. Good day, sir.”
His face didn’t move one whit as he delivered his ‘warmest’ greetings. And compared to any kind of formal address…the [Courtier] shifted and gulped. He rode after Tyrion, conducting a conversation with Jericha in between them as Tyrion gave brisk orders.
“Two hundred of Calanfer’s [Riders]. Fold them into our lines, Jericha. We’ll reinforce our riding front.”
“Yes, Lord Veltras.”
The [Courtier] hesitated. He had strict orders, but he was also a representative of Calanfer. One did not just interrupt a [Lord] of the Five Families, but Tyrion was not even paying attention to him.
“Beg pardon, Lord Veltras! His Radiant Majesty, Reclis du Marquin, is overjoyed at House Veltras’ overtures. He invites you to The Eternal Throne itself…”
Tyrion’s head turned left slightly.
“I must decline. The issues of war press me. I am sure His Eternal Majesty understands the need for haste.”
The [Courtier] gulped. He deployed [For Your Ears Only], and the Skill engulfed Jericha and Tyrion. He had been warned Tyrion Veltras and Magnolia Reinhart were two famously difficult nobles to deal with, but he’d always thought Magnolia Reinhart would be worse. As it turned out—at least she listened to you!
“Yes, Lord Veltras. But if I might say—House Veltras’ noble aid in this time of need—”
Tyrion was riding faster, and the [Courtier] realized that if he kept to formalities, he was going to lose the man.
“—have been rendered in great service to the Dawn Concordat! His Majesty is—slightly perturbed, however, and wishes to clarify an issue? Certain promises were made for the hand of one of our [Princesses], but there has been no binding contract…”
This was an aggressive move from House Veltras, and not one that Calanfer liked. Them entering into the war for a promise without clear contracts meant that they might ask for more when it was over.
That was, of course, how they saw the issue. Tyrion Veltras turned, and the [Courtier] was impressed. He actually looked like he was surprised.
“The contract? Ah…yes. The hand of Princess Lyonette du Marquin.”
The [Courtier] winced as Jericha looked up sharply. Tyrion Veltras just said it out loud.
“Yes, Lord Veltras. His Majesty is—uncertain as to your intentions.”
Tyrion thought about the question.
“We shall negotiate the matter once the war is done. House Veltras has entered into conflict with Ailendamus over the abduction of one of its own [Lords]. My son. As well as a Courier by Ailendamus’ forces. I believe that should satisfy His Majesty’s interest in the matter.”
The [Courtier] actually halted in place. He suspected Tyrion of some kind of massive bluff—until he saw the look of pure pain on the face of his assistant. Politically…Tyrion had been poised to twist a knife. He had promptly handed said knife to Calanfer and told them he was the one in need.
“Surely this matter is better discussed with Their Majesties, Lord Veltras? Our [Generals] and [Strategists] are poised to discuss your position—”
And again, Tyrion cut the [Courtier] off.
“I have no time. I will battle Ailendamus on my terms. Not the Dawn Concordat’s. Your strategy is…”
He hesitated.
“…best conducted on your own terms. Out of necessity, I will maneuver to keep Ailendamus off-guard.”
