8.69 T
Page 16
The Lord of House Veltras was one of the most famed jousters in the world.
Riding was like breathing to Tyrion. So too was aiming at a target. It was different in battle and different in a tourney. Where you hit the opponent mattered.
Center of gravity, angle, the type of lance and armor—Tyrion cracked the breastplate on his first pass, deflecting the lance that tried to hit him.
Shieldwork, too. He circled and realized the glass armor was heavy. However, the Drell Knight still flew from the saddle the second time, and Tyrion pointed the lance at the stunned man’s face.
Then he turned.
She loves to run. Ryoka Griffin…what are her hobbies? I don’t know these things. Could I offer her something like riding? She doesn’t care for it.
Could I change?
A second [Knight] followed the first. Angrily. As if they thought Tyrion were insulting them. The second was better than the first, ironically. She was waiting for the hammer-blow which could knock even her shield into her body and send her flying.
Tyrion detected a Skill, so he performed a maneuver rarely seen even among [Lancers]. Flick the lance up, cushioned below his elbow, and strike her across the helmet.
Not a deadly blow, though it could have been. This one just dropped her in a dead faint, and the horse dragged her along the ground. Fortunately, in her armor.
Tyrion turned.
I would like to try. Try to do something. I would like to learn how to fly.
A third [Knight]. It took three passes as the figure swayed in the saddle, but Tyrion was learning from each one. He shook out his arm and turned. As he rode, he looked up at the sky for a moment, then focused on his opponent like a laser. A [Piercing Thrust]—Tyrion slid it to one side with his shield.
I would like to ask her these things. But then—I never asked if she had anyone she loved. This war is for Sammial, but I should ask.
A fifth time. He heard Buscrei swear.
“Shave me bald and toss me with naked otters. He’s tilting.”
Yes. Tyrion rode across the bare ground, changing his horse once, as if he were on the green outside his keep. He focused, with all the intensity in his being, then relaxed and thought. When he did, he thought of Ryoka and Sammial and Salva and the past and future.
Tyrion Veltras only slowed when he heard the cheering. He lifted his lance, arm aching, body burning, and saw no more [Knights]. No more opponents.
Eighteen [Knights]’ horses were pawing at the ground or snapping at the handlers trying to calm them. Eighteen [Knights] lay on the ground or were being tended to. Tyrion Veltras slowly handed the lance to Jericha, then dismounted. He rubbed at his arm.
“That’s all.”
His people and the army cheered him wildly, but Swey, Pellmia, all gave him strange looks.
“What’s all?”
Tyrion nodded to eighteen of Ailendamus’ finest, each one unhorsed, and the worst injury a pierced shoulder. None dead. Not a scratch on his armor, though he had bruises and he suspected his enchanted lance might be wearing thin. He’d have it replaced.
“You were right, Pellmia. That is all I have to offer. And that is not much. I will think of something else.”
He walked off. The [Lords] and [Ladies] of Izril watched him go, and after a moment, Lady Ricuv Terland burst out.
“I know it may be ironic—but that man is a Golem, and I mean that in the rare pejorative! I cannot understand what goes through his head!”
 
——
 
By the time Tyrion Veltras heard about Eldavin, the Archmage of Memory, entering the war, Ailendamus had sent him three peace offers, and the Dawn Concordat hailed him as a hero.
