8.69 T
Page 11
A bridge of light appeared, and Tyrion rode over it without bothering to look left or right over the sheer drop. He was trying to think about how he felt about Ryoka Griffin, the far more serious and difficult topic.
He rather admired her. She could fly. She had…a wondrous ability there.
Few beings in this world were as fast as Tyrion. True, most of it came from his horsemanship; he was far slower on foot. But it did…hurt how he enjoyed some things.
Say, a hunt. Noble sport. He didn’t enjoy the talking and socialization as much. And when it came to the hunt itself…he could catch the boar, or deer, or any other animal and spear it within minutes of sighting it. He didn’t need hounds or hawks.
Naturally, that was poor etiquette, and he’d only done it twice when he truly wanted the hunt to end. But it was indicative; no one could ride with him. Truly ride with him, unless they were willing to ride behind him on the same saddle.
Or fly.
…The [Lord] felt awkward, thinking about it. Was it a betrayal, to…like another woman in this fashion? Salva was his wife.
Had been his wife. And he had thought of her so much since her passing and folded every painful feeling into a plan to destroy the Walled Cities. Manus especially.
Ryoka, though, made him realize that he had not thought about remarriage or anything else about Salva for a long time. Deliberately. He had…not thought about being lonely. But as the Wind Runner would put it, she could certainly depress people. That was a Grade-A Ryoka talent.
Tyrion Veltras had a thought as he sighted an Ailendamus force harrying Kaliv.
Ryoka Griffin was attractive.
His blank face turned even blanker as his mind wrestled with the ethics of that thought. It was too troublesome. Was he biased because of appearance? Was that appropriate for a [Lord]? It wasn’t about that, surely.
Was he interested in her because of the qualities of her character or her looks? He had proposed to her for more reasons than that. Sammial and Hethon needed someone who could help them, more than Ullim or Jericha.
Was he biased?
The shock of battle. Tyrion Veltras cut through Ailendamus’ flank, not swinging his sword once. Ailendamus was attacking Kaliv’s [Soldiers], but they had never seen his forces riding down on them. His bared blade only rose and fell once over the entire battle. 
It struck the enemy commander of Ailendamus, and he felt the slight shock as it cut through the back of the neck. Then he was away; Jericha tossed a [Siege Fireball], and his [Riders] were heading for their rally point. A single commander was worth a thousand men in the cost to Ailendamus to replace.
Tyrion Veltras ate, barely tasting the standard fare as Buscrei talked about having to shoot a Griffin harassing their forces as she and Swey climbed for a vantage point, and laid out a map. He felt he needed help at this stage, so after discussing their next attack location, he coughed.
“Buscrei. Do you feel as though the divide in our ages is too extreme for a relationship? I am referring to Ryoka Griffin and I.”
He watched Buscrei’s face go pale, then red, and Swey had to slap her on the back as she nearly choked on her food. Then she started laughing at him.
He was not good at people. Tyrion had always known that. He recalled, quite distinctly, rather disliking his wild cousins from Oswen.
As a young man, he had known them all. Buscrei had been annoying, then. Teasing him for his imperfections. Tyrion quite admired her now, but he didn’t know how to reconcile that.
