8.69 T
Page 15
I rather like you. You do not have much in the way of sword fighting sense, you do not ride well, and you and I have our differences. But I like you because you run like I ride. You flew, and I thought it was the most beautiful thing I had seen in an age. You make my sons smile. And me.
I feel better around you.
Of course, he was sure that fell under things never to be said. Tyrion gave up. And then he began to wonder, seriously—
What did he have to offer Ryoka if he did not trade on the name of House Veltras? What did Tyrion, the man, have?
Surely not his personality. His…affection? Pellmia loved his wife, Keireen. Eiress, his previous wife, who had passed away—
Tyrion thought Pellmia knew love and expressed it well, not that he was a voyeur. But the [Lord] could hold Keireen’s hand, praise her, give her gifts…
Did Tyrion have any of the attributes his friends had assured a younger man he had? Good looks…skill at arms…wealth…
Vanity. He looked in a mirror of a bowl of water as he shaved after two weeks of combat and saw only a man. Older—so he didn’t even have youth to show her.
All he had was a lance.
 
——
 
Tyrion Veltras slowed as a group of eighteen [Knights] of Ailendamus halted. They were…different.
“Drell Knights. Water experts. Huh.”
It was the first encounter Tyrion had with the third Order of Ailendamus. Unlike Thirsting Veil, who used poison, and the Order of Hydra, made of commoners, he didn’t see the strength of the Order of Drell. But then—they were out of their element.
And outnumbered. Buscrei had a bead on them with her [Archers], and her arrows could pierce their armor. However, they refused to surrender. One called out to Tyrion, fearless, exposing his head as he took off his helmet.
“Though we may fall, our souls belong to the Kingdom of Glass and Glory! Is there anyone of you in the famed Five Families who will answer a [Knight]’s challenge? I demand a single duel!”
“Dead gods, save me from idiots and duels. Let’s just take them captive and save their lives.”
Swey growled. Tyrion Veltras, though, saw their leader pointing at him.
“Are you the renowned Tyrion Veltras himself? Lord Veltras, we have heard of your courage on the battlefield! Will you not answer us or have the Five Families of Izril strayed from honor that far?”
Buscrei adjusted her aim.
“If I shoot him in the balls, do you think he’ll sing a different tune?”
“Buscrei. Enough. Jericha, pull your forces back.”
Tyrion was still thinking on what he had to offer. He noted Drell’s [Knights] truly embodied their nation’s nickname.
Glass. Their armor was like some kind of glass. He knew the Kingdom of Keys had a glass motif, but their armor was clearly meant to some purpose.
Water, maybe? He couldn’t fathom it but raised his lance as he let Jericha argue with him, and the [Knights] of Drell stirred.
There was pageantry in it. Bravado. Everyone, Buscrei to Swey, called him a fool. Except Pellmia, who knew better. But Tyrion just saw…
A [Knight] of the Drell, whirling a horse clearly used to water. Interesting, was it a Kelpie-breed? A horse that might have gills or stronger lungs?
It meant that it surged far slower; it was nigh on a plough horse as the [Knight] rode at Tyrion. But strong. Some horses would falter at an impact; this one could ride forever.
And the Drell Knight? He was low on his saddle, lance poised…but aimed up too high.
Ah, he might be used to fighting Hydras or Griffins. Perhaps the Order of Drell didn’t have a history of jousting.
That was their problem. He had accepted Tyrion’s offer. And he had to know—
