8.70 E
Page 2
No one wanted to say it. So she slapped her chest.
“Even the ones without armor have breasts. Plural! Whereas I’m pretty sure I had to have one removed from all the Creler-poison! Not that it stopped me from breastfeeding you with one, right, Centis? Eh? Eh?”
Queen Marquin of Calanfer, the famed [Hero] who had rallied Terandria and fought her way onto Rhir, turned and elbowed King Centis du Marquin, the first [King] of Calanfer’s new bloodline.
He covered his face in his hands.
“Mother. Please.”
He had not been the war-queen she had been. Marquin the Radiant’s reputation had been such that even as Centis established Calanfer as a new power, the legend of her had helped his entire reign.
He must have done a bad job, though, because Calanfer had lost some of the mentality from its inception. Certainly the levels and military prowess, as Marquin was pointing out. He, Centis, was thus being punished for his failures, because he had spent six thousand years with his mother in the afterlife.
His regal descendants looked upon Centis and then Marquin as she rubbed her nose in a decidedly warrior-like manner. She turned and spat, and one of the [Princesses] tried to swoon, but unconsciousness was not a boon one received here.
“Cleverness is good stuff, though. Just—with a bit more ability to punch the bastards, okay? If we had actual heirlooms and stuff, we should have said that. I’ve been shouting it for the last four thousand years. Do you think Crelers negotiated? Nope! Not until you were stomping through their brains! Hah!”
She laughed hugely. And her audience reflected that Calanfer had truly gone a different way than their founder.
Or had it? Marquin turned back and nodded at Centis.
“I’m mad you did the two-breast thing, son. What about the time all the Cyclopses…Cyclopi…those one-eyed giants gathered for the last Eye-Meets? Bunch of them stomping around, causing trouble, kicking [Knights] over hills. Someone had to deal with them and get them to stop stealing cattle and pay for stuff.”
“And how did you do that?”
A great, rumbling voice. All the royalty stopped as a vast head rose. Two crimson-scaled eyelids rose, revealing slitted eyes.
A Dragon, red like the very essence of fire, had been napping and listening to the ranting. Now, she seemed mildly interested. She had not known Marquin, but the [Queen] turned to her fearlessly. The Dragon murmured.
“Cyclopes are not weak. Their Eye-Meets were a great threat. My kin would hesitate to disrupt their number, and for all you were the hero of your era, you did not reach the peaks of your forebears.”
That was an insult, and Calanfer’s generations bristled at it. But Marquin just laughed.
“With diplomacy. Their leader said, ‘who are you to stand before us as equals’? And I? I said, ‘I am Queen Marquin of the Single Breast. So we’ve both got one important thing in common!’.”
Dead, horrified silence from the mortals. The Dragon? Her cheeks bulged—and then she and three Giants sitting and waiting for the end started laughing so hard they all fell over. One clung to the small mountains, clutching at his side.
Marquin grinned.
“That was about what they did. I wasn’t as elegant as my descendants apparently were—but I met your kind too, Dragon. They gave me the Dragonthrone as well. I talked down [Barbarian] tribes. I remember the first time I did that. It was just me and their [Chieftains] screaming ‘diplomacy’ at each other and seeing who could do it longest and loudest.”
It was strange. At first, she looked nothing like those who had come after. Until you realized there was something there.
