8.70 E
Page 22
Two cold eyes watched her. Cold…but made more chilling still because she saw the little pinpoints of fear behind the half-Elf’s gaze. She began to grimace, as he tried to see what hurt her. And…she knew she was a Lucifen in his captivity. Rhisveri and Visophecin and the others might well crush him, but if he told the rest of the world what House Shoel was…
She did not want to die. And she feared that the Archmage of Memory would never forget this moment. What would it mean for Ailendamus? For everyone?
 
——
 
Eldavin’s heart hurt. With emotion, as much as anything.
You do not treat prisoners like that. Not like experiments to find their weaknesses. What was he doing?
Surviving. He was afraid. Eldavin began to draw up plans for more protections, tried to figure out his next move. He had [Messages] from Ailendamus. And word of a disastrous loss on the Dawn Concordat’s side.
“Damn them. Am I the only competent person here?”
Eldavin shouted, losing his temper. He sat there and realized his hands were trembling. He did not want to die.
His time was running out.
The Archmage of Memory sat there, wondering what was next, what to do, and who he was. Until the wind whispered an answer. He looked up and heard Ryoka Griffin’s name.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Day two is tougher. I need to keep stretching, keep sleeping good, and keep to the plan.
Which I did! Okay. True. I had this entire part as ‘also in maybe day 1’s chapter’, but I think we all knew that wasn’t going to happen. And I also had ‘maybe squeeze in Rabbiteater and/or Ryoka’.
I’m bad at estimating word count. It’s just not something I think in terms of. However, I got the chapter done and that’s what matters! I hope you enjoyed it?
Day 2 of 7. Is it too fast? Is it what you want? Do you want to see this person next? Or that? Let me know! I have a plan and I think it’ll work. That’s all from me for now. Please give extra heart, hands, and maybe a brain.
 
Duck, Mrsha Heart, Sheared Sariant and more by Kalmia!


Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/kalmiayarn
Etsy: https://www.etsy.com/shop/GoodLongYarn







                                                    
 
Crusader 57 and Feeding Time by AuspiciousOctopi!


Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/auspiciousoctopi/
DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/auspiciousoctopi


 
 
Erin, Throwing-Pan Ready by VulpyDoodlesStudios, commissioned by ShiningSpanner

 

