8.70 E
Page 21
That was the new situation. Eldavin pulled enough magic to cast a Tier 7 ward, and Telim fainted dead away. There was no time to hide it.
It was a tremendous amount of mana. Eldavin knew even his body didn’t have enough to cast Tier 7 spells without reserve. Even the greatest [Mages] he had ever known could cast one Tier 9 spell and then lie in a corner and die for the next three weeks.
How much am I drawing from my body? He didn’t know. He couldn’t feel it. But he pulled as much as he could to keep himself safe.
By the time he was done, an army could have charged him, and he could have walked naked in front of every [Mage] in the Terras faction as they did everything they could and he’d be safe.
That was all Eldavin could do for a temporary fix. But he was…
Afraid. He was up against foes who could kill him, and he suspected—no, he knew—that he had fought eight children. And their parents or guardians or something else were out there.
So that was why, panting, he walked into the tent. He heard his heart beating.
Lub. Dub. Lub. Dub.
Faster, now. It sounded labored. Eldavin cloaked the room in more magic and saw his captive sitting there.
“I am a member of Ailendamus. You do not want to kill me.”
Paxere was calm, or looked like it, as Eldavin came to a stop. The Archmagus snorted softly.
“Kill you? My dear, I am not an idiot.”
That was good, and she relaxed, but the Archmage didn’t look ready to let her go. He sealed the tent with privacy spells, then walked over to her and took a seat.
Wearily. She could not believe how much mana he’d just used. She had felt it outside. Even Rhisveri would struggle to use that much. Surely that had a consequence?
But his face didn’t show it. The ‘half-Elf’ sat there and regarded Paxere. He did not waste time, immediately asking questions.
“Who is Viscount Visophecin? Who is Duke Rhisveri, and what is your nature?”
She bit her tongue.
“No answer? I must know.”
“I will tell you nothing. Torturing me will not work!”
She was—nervous. Insofar as the Lucifen ever got afraid. Not just of the torture. Eldavin eyed Paxere.
“Ah. Death spells for revealing it. That—might be complicated. Of course. It’s too much to hope I’m facing idiots, isn’t it?”
He scrubbed at his hair and looked exceptionally tired. Then he smiled, and his mismatched eyes lit up with a cold fire.
“I suppose I must not condescend, but use everything. Fascinating. I haven’t felt this way in—”
He caught himself and looked at her. Sympathetically. Paxere was staring at the stump on her hand. He’d healed it, but her finger? She was an immortal, and regeneration potions were not easy.
He would pay for that. But the Lucifen saw Eldavin sigh.
“Alas. What is your name, young woman?”
She glared at him. The Archmage shrugged.
“I will find out soon enough. And I…well. I apologize in advance for what you may have to endure during this captivity. Hopefully, I will secure the release of those I desire, but it seems like this may not come to a happy end.”
The ones he desired? Who? Paxere watched him as Eldavin began murmuring spells. Then…he produced something, and she hissed.
“What are you doing? I am a prisoner and a noble of Ailendamus.”
“I quite understand. And believe me, I take no joy in this. But I do not know you. I shall endeavor to make it painless…but I need to know my enemy.”
The Archmage produced a single spark of lightning, then fire, and then ice, and set them on a palette of magic. He made the first dance on her skin, frowning at the way fire barely tickled her hand. Paxere watched him and grew more nervous still.
