8.70 E
Page 13
He didn’t often sweat, and the conversation was very polite, but the edge in the speaker’s voice, the ruler of all of Drath—or what remained of it—made Eldavin sure that a wrong answer might end up with a nation as fearsome as Khelt on his back.
And the problem was—
“(I am permitted to use that spell, Your Eminence. With the utmost respect, my knowledge of it is answer enough. That you do not know this individual of Archmage Eldavin is of little consequence. Who, may I ask, would be permitted to use such magic? Who has ever been granted that right?)”
The silence was telling. It was a careful move from Eldavin. If he got an answer, then he knew who he might be.
Otherwise? Drath’s [Emperor] was not keen on revealing the list of names who had been granted access to a spell that was literally locked to those permitted to use it.
The rough translation was [Sword Saint: Edge of Heart’s Fire]. A spell of such magnitude that being granted access to it was a right that could pass from generation to generation, a spell in the form of an heirloom.
But who had Eldavin been, to win the right to it?
Well, the call was abrupt. The [Emperor] was in a tetchy mood. Interestingly, he asked Eldavin one more question in his native tongue rather than rely on the speaker. Which meant it was personal and he wanted no one else to hear.
“(Archmage Eldavin. Are you aware of any disturbance around The Last Tide?)”
“(Not at this time, Your Majesty. But I am far from there.)”
Of all the questions—Eldavin did not like when an [Emperor] of a nation sworn to guard against the horrors that came up from there got nervous. He added it to his list of things to do.
Which was…pick up every Tier 7+ spell, fly to the edge of the world, and start chucking them down if he didn’t like what he saw.
There were so many things he could do, and this might revolve around the fate of the world. So why was he…here?
Eldavin touched his chest absently.
Well. Because a young woman he had sworn to protect was captive of Ailendamus.
And he did not abandon those he had sworn to protect.
He knew, somehow, in his heart. Eldavin closed his eyes.
 
He had never abandoned them. Not once.
 
The next day, Archmage Eldavin flew into Ailendamus’ territory for war. And he realized something else about himself.
 
——
 
If Greysten knew what Eldavin was planning, he would have tried to stop the half-Elf.
If anyone had known Eldavin’s plan, they would have said even Eldavin was cracked in the head.
However, Eldavin knew, somehow, that direct, outrageous attacks sometimes worked. He was aware there was at least one powerful spellcaster on his level in Ailendamus. He had even…lost…a distant battle of control against this Duke Rhisveri, the most probable spellcaster.
However, Rhisveri had been prepared, and Eldavin had been casting off-the-cuff from Wistram. Technically, he hadn’t lost.
Besides, this time, Eldavin prepared for a very simple plan in concept. Only he could pull it off, and if he did—why, he’d resolve any number of problems. No one knew the limits of his power. And this Rhisveri was not an equal to him.
[Bound Spells] were a magic that [Mages] had not lost. It was a simple spell where you prepared something then unleashed it.
Of course, [Mages] had lost a lot of other spellcasting techniques. Not just shapeshifting. They had lost the ability to auto-cast spells. Forgotten a lot of linked magics that combined disciplines.
