8.70 E
Page 9
“I will be back by…oh, supper? I would be very grateful if you taught my Magearmor candidates to avoid being captured. Perhaps some self-defense techniques? They are relying on their armor too much, but I can well envision them being roped or captured or simply someone hitting them with a sufficiently large hammer. They are drunk on power. Which is expected. Thank you, Summer’s Champion. Now—[Fly: Speed of the Swallow].”
And he took off. The Summer’s Champion’s jaw dropped as Eldavin spread his arms and took off, faster than any ordinary man or woman on a horse. As if it were the easiest thing in the world.
Too easy. He didn’t belong in this era. Eldavin was coming to an unfortunate realization. Obvious, really.
He was not a half-Elf. So who was he? The unhappy Archmage began piecing it together with the facts.
I have no class or levels. My magic is ancient. The half-Elf falsehood, the white hair, all these people I’ve met and my fragmented memory—it must have been after Cognita hit me. But I know who I might be. It’s obvious.
My enmity with the Necromancer? Where I was hiding in Izril? Oh no. Oh dear.
I’m a Unicorn.
He hated that conclusion. But it made sense. The white hair was a dead giveaway. Not to mention the long life? The superior spellcasting?
Actually, his reaction made Eldavin suspect that was the wrong conclusion, so he ran down the list. Some of the things he could be were rather…well. He needed proof. And Eldavin actually suspected he knew at least two people who knew what he was.
Ryoka Griffin and Magnolia Reinhart.
But one was captured and the other was curiously silent. She had talked to him, but something about their conversation had changed matters. Yes, Magnolia was under siege in Oteslia, but he knew the girl. She could conduct any clandestine conversation she wanted.
That she was refusing to talk to him meant—she suspected something was wrong with him.
He hoped she didn’t do anything rash. Eldavin was sure he was acting in accordance to what he would normally do. Was reviving Wistram, fighting a foe like Ailendamus, not what he would do?
Surely it was. Eldavin was still on the Unicorn thing, though. The thought unearthed another memory.
More and more, he was convinced he had somehow partitioned his mind into chunks and dumped information into the parts he could access. That was almost as stupid as what Valeterisa had done, and he had no idea why he would do something that stupid.
Unless it was an accident caused by a Truestone Golem punching him, which was a valid reason for most magical things to go wrong. Or…
He had a bad feeling, but Eldavin just wrote it on the list of hypotheses. For now—Unicorns. What did he know? Eldavin’s spell collected the data.
[Annie’s Contemplation of the Mind: Unicorn].
 
There is still a Unicorn living on Izril…at least there was last I checked, twelve years ago. Odds are he is still alive.
The last living Unicorn of the Vale Forest is a Valesian-trained duelist, adept at war magic and sword…hornplay? Which is an unfortunate choice of words because he is also exceptionally randy.
Which is a word I will never use. But he has sired children among horses, such that his offspring sometimes appear in stables with superior qualities, much to the mystification of those trying to figure out the breeding stock.
I have no idea about young, virginal women not of the horse variety. One would hope…not.
I regret remembering this.
 
