8.70 E
Page 16
Oh, interesting. There was a pause—then a bolt of magic, eight of them, lanced the clone of Eldavin. The body, filled with holes, collapsed, and the probe spells traced around it, again, passing through Eldavin’s magic.
The Archmage lay there, thinking. That was…very interesting.
He wondered who he was up against.
 
——
 
Paxere was excited as she and seven of the Lucifen on ‘guard-duty’ cast more spells.
“Did we get him? Was that it? I thought he was the best Archmage in centuries!”
They were all younger Lucifen, for a given value of ‘younger’. One was the very same Lucifen who had been on duty watching the manor that Visophecin had met. Vultapheles was the oldest and the one who’d sensed Eldavin passing over the border.
Ailendamus might not have. The Lucifen were the primary magical safeguard. Fithea and Rhisveri were both magical geniuses, but the Wyrm’s own protections were closer to the capital.
The Lucifen had far more wide-reaching spells out of paranoia. Even to guard against their own kind.
Indeed, the custom-altered mirror was one Visophecin had personally enchanted to watch for enemies. Even Rhisveri couldn’t hide from it. Visophecin might not have the pure magical power of a full Wyrm, but his expertise was second to none.
As this encounter showed. The eight Lucifen had all been in the manor, having been prohibited from visiting the capital.
Paxere had wanted to do her first ruling, and she had been angry that Igolze and Azemith hadn’t trusted her. They had pointed to some of her interactions with Ryoka as a sign of immaturity.
Well, she had been called upon by Vultapheles and was pleased she had stayed after all. Even if she was young, the Lucifen made sure their children could cast deadly spells. For self-defense.
And for times they might have to go to battle. They were ‘only’ what a [Mage] would classify as a Tier 6 spell.
A Tier 6 spell with the same reputation [Shatterbolt] held at lower levels. A mage-killing, barrier-piercing spell. And the Lucifen had all learned how to remotely cast it.
They’d been surprised by the Archmage’s dive, but they’d found him with location spells and killed him as he tried in vain to heal. The Lucifen had a number of powers, like their ability to gateway to other locations that [Mages] lacked. Their magic required you to know how to counter it or it wouldn’t heal.
“Should we recover the corpse?”
The eight were arguing. None were young—they aged like half-Elves, though they could live forever. So even Paxere was in her thirties. But they had lived through eras of peace, unlike the ‘old’ ones. The old ones remembered the Goblin King, Curulac of a Hundred Days. They had fought him.
Even Paxere could admit—she was glad to have been spared that. Agelum and Lucifen had died, but they had thrown him back at cost. And while her blood was running hot, they were still Lucifen.
“No. Let’s alert Visophecin and the others. Who’s in the manor? The eldest?”
“Ah—Razia?”
The Agelum was no spellcaster, though, so after a moment of hesitation, the Lucifen decided to send a report to the capital. Visophecin might be here in moments, so they relaxed.
And that was their mistake. Their view of the hole they’d cut into the earth never changed, but one of the Lucifen held up his hand.
“Hold on. I think I sense—”
A blaring siren blasted through the manor and the room they were sitting in. All eight Lucifen jumped, and someone shouted.
“Magical attack!”
