8.70 E
Page 19
His body had so little mana. Because it was a fake! Eldavin thought he even knew the spell he had cast. He had not intended it for battles.
Any Archmage—even Feor and Viltach—had more mana than him. They had Skills to make spells more efficient than they should be.
He was limited, for all his power. And the fury of being ambushed, the embarrassment of realizing children were besting him, and their mockery?
Eldavin snapped. In his fury, he tapped into something that he had forgotten since fighting Cognita. Like a switch in his mind—a reconnected bridge—he reached for what he knew he had.
He tapped into a well of mana like nothing he had ever felt.
A ______’s magic.
“[Wings of the Phoenix].”
The first spell Eldavin cast created two burning wings on his back. The Lucifen saw something break out of the cloud.
A man with white hair. Two pointed ears, two mismatched eyes. And burning wings of feathers that were made up of glorious flame.
Green fire, molded into a feather. Violet flame, licking at the air of this blasted place. The wings beat, and he shot through the sky. Up—one of the Lucifen licked their lips.
“Should we retr—”
“[Cometfall of the Harpy Queen].”
Valmira’s Comets was a Tier 4 spell. Tier 5 was when you used a storm of them. They flew slowly. They did a lot of damage.
Eldavin’s spell conjured bolts of magic that hit the ground so fast and with such velocity that Paxere tasted blood and found herself staring at the ground before she knew what had hit her. Then she saw Eldavin pointing at her.
“[Wave of Mercury].”
The Archmage’s other finger was pointing under his arm. He was struggling with the vast flow of mana, but he felt it. Power without end. Enough to do—
“[Ten Thousand Spriggan Stakes].”
Fast spells. Nothing complex. Fast spells—but a hundred feet ignited around another Lucifen. A third was aiming at Eldavin when the invisible [Fireball] hit him.
“[Spire of Mud].”
…Four. A burning Lucifen, one ensnared in mud, another fried, and the fourth covered in poisonous metal. The last was diving for a doorway.
“[Aquatic Sinkhole].”
The figure took a step into an abyss of water two thousand feet deep.
Five Lucifen were engulfed by spells, but none of them were killed—even the one covered in poison. They were tough, naturally, with magic, artifacts—and the last three of their kin were protecting them.
But they were still children. All the Lucifen aimed at Eldavin, and he saw their teeth lengthening. Their tails…were they trying to change? He didn’t care. He stood around the five he’d hit and sighed.
They didn’t even see it. Then—Eldavin tapped the ground with one foot. Eight dark spells struck him—
And broke as harmlessly as shadows on his skin. The Lucifen looked at their fingers in fear and sudden trepidation. Then the first one that Eldavin had hit glanced down.
“Oh no. Oh, nononono—”
She was covered in mercury, a metal, and Eldavin stood away from her. Across from her—Vultapheles, burned by the fireball, was getting up.
Next to Paxere and Vultapheles, but still at a roughly equidistant position, was the Lucifen who’d been engulfed in mud, still trying to blast his way out. And then across from him was the hole with the Lucifen engulfed by water. One last Lucifen was trying to heal and tear stakes of wood that had torn her flesh.
A Vampire-killer’s spell.
But think about it. Wood, fire, water, metal, earth…that was a very specific combination of elements. The spell didn’t matter.
But the positioning of all five in a rough pentagram around the Archmage did. And so did the ritual he invoked.
