8.70 E
Page 1
This game was theirs to win or lose. It just depended on which one won. It was not fair, of course. Some might call it rigged, and Emerrhain might agree to that.
It always had been.
 
——
 
“Glorious Calanfer. You know, as kingdoms of Terandria go, it truly is new. Six thousand years. Founded after the Creler Wars. Founded on a Dragonthrone. There are bricks in other kingdoms that are older.”
First fact, now history. Someone mused at the site of the Archmage’s Pass. Or Krawlnmak’s Pass. A choke-point where great battles had been won. But how ‘great’, really?
Calanfer was a young nation. So young that Khelt, which was called new by the Shield Kingdoms, was ancient of days compared to it.
The person speaking had no idea of the name or history. She kicked at a few stones, and her foot passed through.
“Stupid name for a pass. Who was Krawlnmak? Huh? Thronebearers? That’s a terrible name for a [Knight] Order. What, are they supposed to carry the Dragonthrone? Ten thousand of ‘em couldn’t! Might as well call them, uh…The Light Boys and Girls of Calanfer. I don’t know, fuck. It’s a stupid name. And the ‘Lightherald’? Calanfer isn’t about light.”
Her audience was very few in number. Everyone else was transfixed by the horror at the edge of the world, but this woman had a point to make. She slapped her chest, and her gauntlet touched rather resplendent, golden armor.
However, the difference was that her armor was practical. It was made of Truegold, rather than following a motif. Indeed, one gauntlet was stained black, and she still bore the scars she had carried until her last days.
She was not as old as her deathbed moments; few were. But she had decided on her older self. Her mane of light brown hair was rather like a lion’s, but quashed by a helmet. She took it off now.
No red hair of royalty. But one of the resigned men standing by her, tall and austere, dressed in shimmering robes, was wincing at all this criticism. Another [King] with a glowing crown looked exceptionally unhappy—but also nervous as she tried to toss the helmet at him.
“So why the light?”
“I—it seemed fitting for Calanfer’s nature. It was the nation that stood during the Creler wars. Light, dawn, resurgence…”
“Light’s weak. You ever see a [Light Arrow] spell? I could eat them. Thronebearers? It’s about the name. You should have called them, uh—the Crelerbane Order or something.”
“But that implies they would have had to fight Crelers, and the cost in lives—”
“Yeah? So we get fancy [Knights] who can’t wipe their own asses without hurting themselves instead of a bunch of girls and boys who stomp Crelers for breakfast. Wonderful!”
The woman stormed across her small audience. Some of them, all who wore crowns, were [Kings] and [Queens] of Calanfer.
[Princesses] too, and [Princes]. Many, the majority, looked unused to war like this woman clearly was. Some had risen to battle, but most had lived without touching a sword except for ceremonial purposes.
They watched this woman with a kind of stunned horror, but none quite dared contradict her rather pithy insults to their nation. The royalty of Calanfer watched as the woman slapped her chest.
“Look. You did a good job. I said Calanfer should be a smart nation that had lots of cunning and diplomacy. I didn’t say we should forget how to fight. Dead gods, you even got the statues wrong!”
She pointed accusatorily, and the [Kings] of Calanfer, the first four who had reigned after its inception, ducked. The woman moved as if to go back to where the statues were, in the capital.
“It’s wrong. And you know what you got wrong?”
