8.70 E
Page 20
“[Pentagram of the Five Alchemies: Protection].”
All five Lucifen embodying an element felt the magic working on them. Taking—their nature! And their spells were suddenly shadows that bounced off the Archmage.
“Run! Get to the others! Run—r—”
Eldavin looked around as Paxere screamed. She grabbed an emergency artifact and twisted the ring.
The others had done the same. A shimmering set of feathers engulfed all eight. It folded around them, and they began to…vanish? The Archmage’s eyes widened. The spell around him whirled as he pointed.
“[Five Alchemies: Anchorage]!”
The Agelum-made artifact screamed as it met the spell. Paxere shrieked as she felt her entire body pulled back to the safe room by the magic—and her entire being anchored by the spell Eldavin had used, which used her very nature against her. She flickered—the ring exploded—
And she collapsed. Eldavin, panting, saw the dimension he’d entered begin to unravel and the real world appear around him. He looked down at the Lucifen girl and winced.
“That is why you don’t use rings but amulets. Their Viscount is coming. So is that damned Duke.”
He swayed, suddenly exhausted, despite the magic buoying him up. The Lucifen girl was unconscious—and the ring had detonated, taking her finger with it.
“This was a mistake. I didn’t expect—”
Eldavin looked around, and a golden chariot appeared. Eldavin leapt into it, and his fiery wings vanished. The Lucifen girl lay in the back as he took off like a meteor, racing back to safety.
Less than a minute later, six figures stepped out of gateways where the fighting had taken place. Three dark-skinned Lucifen, Visophecin included, and three Agelum. They looked around and found no Paxere or Eldavin.
The air seemed…darker…around Visophecin. He looked around, eyes glowing, and adjusted his suit, which looked like the cloth had been made from something other than mere fabric.
“This will mean retribution. If she is dead—”
Azemith had found a single scorched finger. Igolze stood over it, face blank—but that was only how he looked. Gadrea, Uziel, and the third Agelum who had been at the capital when they got the alert looked at each other.
“It will, Azemith. But hold.”
“If she is dead—”
“He has a Lucifen. Hold your ground.”
Azemith held, and Visophecin nodded.
“Clear the area. Igolze, Azemith, with me. We must speak to Ryoka Griffin. Now.”
The immortals vanished. After five minutes, the ground appeared grassy and normal, and nothing, not even a magical footprint, hinted they’d been there.
 
——
 
Archmage Eldavin realized three things after that battle. Firstly, he was an idiot who had rushed in, overconfident of his abilities. Or perhaps…he hadn’t realized who was truly behind Ailendamus’ rise to power.
Because whoever they were—they were on par with true [Archmages].
Regardless, the second point was that whoever he was, he flew. He didn’t fly or move like a fool with [Levitation]—he had flown battlefields.
Third? He now had access to a mana supply that dwarfed even the current Archmages of Wistram. So next time—
Well, next time he’d have the mana to cast any truly powerful spell he wanted.
But the danger was now that Ailendamus was aware of him. Yet he did have a hostage.
Eldavin landed in Wistram’s camp and began casting the highest-level security spells he could, drawing on that mana from his true body without reserve, ignoring the babbled questions. He’d cloaked the girl.
Be safe. Be protected. Even Rhisveri wouldn’t be able to challenge him on his home-turf, with all this magic. But when he left it—he was in danger.
