8.70 E
Page 7
Greysten had just been fighting for his life against the Dame of the Hills two days ago. He had realized that the Order of the Hydra and Ailendamus were a greater threat than he had previously thought and had been prepared to lay his life down to win their safety. Rabbiteater’s daring charge had barely, barely let them regroup, yet the Order of the Hydra had been pressing them hard, and Greysten had been holding out for reinforcements.
They had come, but not from Pheislant or Knight-Commander Calirn or the Winter’s Watcher. Instead, Eldavin and his faction had appeared and calmly blasted the entire army that had held the Season of Summer at bay into flight in less than twenty minutes.
Greysten was a bit peeved about that. It devalued the sacrifices of his people. And yet—
That was Eldavin. So the Summer’s Champion just bowed again as Eldavin smiled benignly. What Greysten noticed, but put down to something else or his imagination, was the slight…reddening of Eldavin’s cheeks.
 
——
 
Eldavin was embarrassed.
He was mortified.
Eldavin was ashamed, and he was relieved the [Knight] didn’t comment on his blush. The half-Elf didn’t know why until he thought about it, but that interaction was emblematic of the mystery that was him.
He was embarrassed, but it took the half-Elf a few minutes of striding about to figure out why.
He was embarrassed because he was teaching Warmage Thresk’s magic?
Yes! If he thought about that, the embarrassment definitely came from that. But why? It was good magic. It did the job.
It was intensely embarrassing to teach this no-name [War Mage]’s magic. Someone who was not a truly famed mage.
But why, then, do I know it?
That question unlocked a door in Eldavin’s memory. Understanding. And with that—he understood more of himself.
 
Ah. I learned Thresk’s magic and Albez’s magic to tell Ryoka Griffin. Because it was so important to her, I was going to tease her about it.
I regard this magic as inferior because it is just ‘new’ magic that are copies of older spells already invented. Albez was no true renaissance. Everything they discovered and created was a reinvention of the old.
I learned this information recently. I know spells that date back tens of thousands of years. This is nothing to me.
Who am I?
 
It hit him, and he almost fell over. A sudden realization that came with the context. Yes! Yes, he had memorized that and put the knowledge in him just so he could make topical conversation with Ryoka Griffin about that door or the adventurers.
But that wasn’t the important thing. The important thing was realizing he knew spells that old. No…not just knew.
He had been there when they were new. Therefore, he was old. So old this half-Elf’s body, as old as it looked, wasn’t nearly a reflection of him unless he had used time magic to preserve it. Had he remade his body?
Was he a half-Elf or something else?
The first clue in the puzzle came to Eldavin as Telim ran up to him. Eldavin was distracted.
“Not now, High Mage. Unless someone’s transformed their stomach into teeth, I am busy—”
“Grand Magus! There’s been a disaster at Wistram! Archmage Amerys is free and…”
Eldavin turned and heard about Trey Atwood’s escape. That hurt him more than anything else.
The betrayal was too…familiar. It cut deep because it was a fresh cut on top of countless old wounds. Eldavin understood that Amerys was free but took a better view of it than anyone else.
