8.70 E
Page 17
Razia came blurring into the room, out of her wheelchair, looking for a sword. The Agelum hurt herself with that movement alone; her frail flesh tore, but she moved faster than anyone could believe.
“What’s happening? Where—Vultapheles?”
More Agelum joined her, scaring the [Servants] to bits with their sudden reaction. They looked around, and Razia cursed.
All eight Lucifen had just—vanished. She grabbed the nearest speaking stone and raised the alarm.
 
——
 
“Good evening. [Chain Lightning].”
It took him four tries to shatter whatever safeguards they had, but Eldavin did it. The hostile teleportation spell had grabbed no less than eight of the strange young men and women, and brought them here.
He burst out of the ground as they staggered and unleashed one prepared spell to see how they took it. It might kill them, but if they were at all competent, it wouldn’t.
And frankly? Eldavin was angry.
But his opponents had made a few mistakes. Eldavin analyzed them as time slowed, to give him a vantage.
Nobility? They had oddly grey skin. Was that a tail? Not Drake—completely foreign but I feel I should know it. More missing memories? Horns too, but not long.
Strange. They smelled of metal and oil, and their eyes were fairly red.
Some species he had never met. Oh—and they were protected. The lightning cracked around them, and he saw barriers flaring, heard cries of pain.
Then the fight began. Eldavin was ready this time, though.
They had made a few mistakes. Or rather, he realized some things about them.
Firstly—they had a powerful artifact that had seen and detected him. But these eight were not on the level of the artifact. For proof? They had missed him when he dove into the earth, and their individual spells had not located him.
They were dependent on it. And they hadn’t the skill to hide where they were casting from. He had located them, and the magic on them had been strong—
But they were overconfident.
“He’s alive! Kill him!”
“Sound the alarm! Tell Vis—”
“Get to safety, fools!”
They all immediately tried to fire back, and Eldavin dodged a spell. He began flicking spells at them. He didn’t want to kill them.
Not yet. But he changed his mind as the first vortex opened and he nearly went into it.
Their offensive magic is on another level! They might not have nuance, but it was like facing a bunch of children with crossbows. No finesse, no tact or ability to scout—but a deadly weapon.
“[Disintegration].”
Eldavin unleashed the spells on his fingers, and one screamed—but an amulet exploded instead.
And they all have Gold-rank gear or better! Who are they?
Eldavin realized their spells were capable of killing him as the Lucifen realized they were outmatched by the angry Archmage. So they tried to run, and he saw them step into…
What is that? Some kind of portal?
He dove, and the closing portal held itself open as a block of magic inserted itself. Eldavin tackled a young man with all the force of a falling meteor. Then he looked up.
“Ah.”
The sky had just turned black. Dark, like the death of suns. Eldavin looked around and saw only blasted ground. He smelled that scent even more now. Oil and metal. And he realized he had made a mistake.
He was in their area.
Seven figures around him. Eldavin looked up and saw them walking on stairways of magic. They vanished through portals, pointing at him.
The black death spells crisscrossed the air as he threw himself sideways in a blur. Eldavin flew. No more games—
“[Arrows of the Lightning Queen]!”
