8.70 E
Page 18
A three hundred arrow salute shot through the sky, fast as electricity could move. And they—missed—the Lucifen.
She was so fast! Paxere ducked into a portal, appeared on Eldavin’s side, and put a hole in his leg. He roared, and light flashed, blinding the others. His finger turned as he healed himself with a potion.
“Thresk’s idiotic beam!”
This time eight tracers shot from his finger and tried to hit all eight Lucifen. All eight missed.
They tracked their targets peerlessly, but the Lucifen vanished—and reappeared elsewhere.
This area lets them teleport without end. I’ve entered into a place perfect for them.
Eldavin flew. They followed, trying to hit him. He tried to break out.
“[Teleport]. [Emergency Exit]…it has to be a [Dimensional Sh—]. Argh!”
He needed time to cast a proper exit spell, but another spell hit him. Dark magic? No, not this time.
A burning cloud of ash and fire engulfed him. Eldavin blew it apart—and ran into a hail of magma. He screamed, though his protective spells spared him the worst of it.
But he was furious.
Fire? They were trying to burn him? The Archmage whirled.
“[Volcanic Rain of the Ash Giant]!”
 
——
 
Paxere did not like fighting for her life after all. Teeth bared, she was poised, dodging the spells coming her way.
This was the Lucifens’ territory, though. The problem was—the Archmage was good. What was saving his life wasn’t just his spells.
They were mostly elemental. He had some kind of penchant for them. As she ducked a meteor of burning ash and fire, Paxere stepped across this battleground and reappeared. She aimed at his back, fired a spell, and he dodged.
What both the Lucifen and Eldavin realized was that the Archmage was a battle-expert. More than spells? More than experience or quick-thinking?
He flew. Even as he cast magic, he was doing a terrain-following maneuver, inches off the ground, whirling around spires of ash, changing course unpredictably. Paxere had never seen anyone fly like that.
“He’s quick! If we had our war forms—”
“Don’t give him anything. He’s seen us. He has to die.”
The other Lucifen were arguing. They would have already left if not for Eldavin seeing their identities. They had to lock him down until Visophecin or one of the others could get here.
They were too weak to kill him, but one shot was all it took, and he couldn’t tag them. The Archmage’s dodging was also limited; if all eight coordinated their shots, even his amazing agility wouldn’t save his life.
He seemed to realize that too. Paxere heard his voice as he created mirror images of himself, weaving across the battlefield.
“Slow. Why is [Flight] slow…children. Children are holding me? Children!?”
He was losing his temper. Another bolt of lightning flashed—[Bolt of the Lightning Giant]. But one of the Lucifen sucked it into a void spell with a laugh.
“He doesn’t have the magic to beat us!”
That was it. Paxere did grin, then. The Archmage was using exceptionally economical spells. His mana supply was weaker than theirs. Mockingly, they began throwing fire at him, such that he was flying into clouds of ash and darkness and fire. Paxere aimed her finger and shot six barbs of darkness into the cloud. She drank a potion and heard him scream in pain. She waited for him to emerge as the other Lucifen threw magic into the cloud.
Then she hesitated. Paxere shaded her eyes as the weakening mana-presence of the Archmage suddenly got…a lot brighter. And she realized.
“Oh no. He’s counter-levelling.”
She was of course—
Wrong.
 
——
 
