8.70 E
Page 15
It was fast. One second he was flying, humming under his breath and wondering what to have for lunch—but alert!—the next something put a hole in his shoulder.
“How—?”
Eldavin dove as three more bolts missed him. Only a spell pre-programmed to activate had saved his life.
[Time Slow]. It allowed him to twist, and see three more black shards of magic appearing out of nowhere and aiming for him.
Barrier-piercing magic. His spell wore off, and Eldavin dove. He had one chance as his body screamed in agony at him, but he ignored the pain.
They would expect him to dive, cast a defensive spell—and he was dead if he did that. Experience told Eldavin there was only one move.
[Earthshift: Stone Flows Through Me]!
He hit the grass and passed through it. The earth dislodged around Eldavin and rippled as he passed through it like he was entering the water.
Stone, soil, all moved aside for Eldavin. An ordinary mole saw a huge half-Elf pass through his burrow and stared at the super-mole.
Then the mole vanished as a vortex of dark magic swallowed it and everything around it, and more of those deadly bolts of magic struck the earth. They chewed through the ground, only stopping after fifty feet had been vaporized.
Eldavin kept diving. Then he stopped and cast another spell.
“[Displacement]. [Lesser Teleport]. [Clone of Cete].”
An Eldavin lay there, panting, but the genuine article vanished and reappeared fifty feet away and further down. Only then did Eldavin feel the pain and begin healing.
“What hit me? Argh! It’s—”
It was agonizing. Something had blasted through his shoulder where it met his armpit. It had nearly taken his arm off!
Not [Disintegration]. No…Eldavin could think from experience in taking wounds before. An unwelcome realization to know how much he’d been hurt.
This is dark magic. Localized vaporization. They sent a vortex spell after me. I’m up against dark mages. Someone like Depth Magus Doroumata? 
No, she was an expert in defensive magic. And she would have blinded him first. Disoriented him.
Eldavin realized the potion wasn’t working. He had to neutralize the dark magic! So he gritted his teeth.
“[Pure Radiance].”
The spell blasted whatever was eating his flesh away, and the healing took. He had top-quality potions he’d made himself, and his flesh knitted. Shaking, Eldavin muttered.
“But what was that? [Replay Memory]!”
He analyzed the attack as he monitored his clone. It wasn’t being attacked. Interesting. Either he had dove too deep or they were setting up traps or searching for the real him.
Eldavin assumed all three. He also got a lot more information as he analyzed the ambush.
Firstly—the magics were not unique to one caster. There were minute variations, but it seemed like he’d been hit by multiple spellcasters, all using the same spell. That was unpleasant enough, but Eldavin realized something else.
“They tossed those spells at me. They’re sniping me from afar!”
They were scrying him and attacking! He was outraged, impressed—and worried at the same time. Firstly, this meant that he wasn’t necessarily up against Rhisveri. But he might soon be if the Duke were alerted.
That was bad because it meant multiple high-grade spellcasters were in Ailendamus. Who? Visophecin? ‘Viscount V’ from the chat?
That they had seen him told Eldavin a few things. He was now sensing cautious probe-spells searching for him. They found his decoy and halted, but one passed through Eldavin as he flinched.
