8.70 E
Page 8
“She has little reason to oppose me. The casualties and loss of Earthers are regrettable, but we got most of what was valuable. If anything—this will highlight the fact that Fissival and the Drowned Folk are opposed to us. We have been too tight and grasping, as I said. Perhaps this will also motivate Wistram to do something about the King of Destruction.”
The [Mages] were aghast.
“But Archmage! Nailihuaile is dead! The Quarass of Ger stole a relic and…”
Ah. Eldavin hesitated. The Star Lamia was dead. He cleared his throat.
“Archmage Nailihuaile’s death is regrettable, of course. As for the Quarass?”
He found himself about to blush again. Why?
Because he knew the Quarass. And she had been under his nose? Yes, she was an amalgamation of souls as ancient as most beings.
But how embarrassing! And he’d taught her like she were some child.
 
When next we meet, she will never let me live this down.
When next we meet? I knew her of old. When she was new. 
How old am I?
 
——
 
He realized that if he had failed to recognize the Quarass, she had failed to recognize him. Because they had met. The fact of that memory was clear.
But she didn’t know Eldavin. Ergo, she did not know me. I remember meeting her as I am. But who…
He didn’t know who it was, but he recalled looking down at the Quarass as a grown woman. The memory was fragmented, fuzzy. But it spoke to a growing conclusion in Eldavin.
He sent rapid [Message] spells to restore what order he could in Wistram. The other Archmages were panicking, and all three were trying to get him to do something.
…What, exactly? Fly off and face a [Pirate Captain] on a famous ship and an Archmage and this Gazi of Reim at sea?
Eldavin was too busy! For one thing, he had decided that the [Mages] of his faction and the children in armor would advance with the Order of Seasons—but carefully.
“The Pride of the Wellfar is coming up the coast. However, I imagine that if Ailendamus sends any kind of proper fleet, they will flee.”
“Flee?”
Ser Greysten was patently incredulous. Eldavin flicked his fingers.
“Tactically withdraw or however you would like to put it. Even if they are a Citadel-class warship, they are alone. Pheislant must support them. Or we need more ships! If your Order of Seasons is truly advancing up the main road, you could well push into Ailendamus from the west. My [Mages] are not yet ready for battle, but our [Magearmor Soldiers]—”
“Is that their class?”
Eldavin shrugged.
“Among others. There appears to be nuance in how some regard their armor.”
Like the Earthers. Eldavin went on blithely, ignoring the looks from Greysten and the other commanders.
“—I place under your capable commanders, Ser Greysten. I suggest you appoint one of your most senior [Knights] to ensure not one of them is lost. Commit them to strikes and withdrawals; they can be captured or killed if surrounded. Perhaps your Dame Voost?”
She seemed like a high-level, careful leader. Greysten hesitated.
“Not you yourself, Archmage?”
The half-Elf gave him a calm smile.
“I am no war leader. I could fill the role, but my time is better served elsewhere. I will contact The Pride of the Wellfar and coordinate its advance. Then—we will truly push Ailendamus.”
Thus far, he had not actually fought in more than one battle. But Eldavin considered that his contribution to the war was more than spellcasting. He’d get to that, but uniting opposition against Ailendamus?
That was how you won wars. So he stepped out of the war tent as Greysten hurried out.
