8.71
Page 17
“So you’re spending many lives and earning the ire of a continent all based on wanting something you can replace? A trophy? Is that practical? You must know that the other nations see what you’re doing. The Dawn Concordat might be the last straw that breaks that camel’s back.”
The immortals went quiet, and someone spoke—Sophridel.
“A reasoned argument. I have been against wars without need for the next few hundred years.”
“We’ll stop after Calanfer, then! But we’ve begun this war—are we going to retreat? That’s weakness, and we will not invite that.”
Rhisveri snapped around the room. Ryoka lifted a hand.
“Not if Ailendamus is persuaded to relent. Is it weakness to show mercy? And besides—you might not care, but Ailendamus’ children and the Dawn Concordat’s are dying. Is that worth a trophy?”
Now she turned to the Agelum and saw troubled looks from Gadrea and Uzine. Igolze nodded slightly, and Visophecin glanced at Ryoka, interested.
“That is not a claim without merit.”
“Forget it. We are being offered nothing to halt this conflict when we are poised to win.”
“That’s not what has happened thus far, Rhisveri. House Veltras has pushed back our armies, and so has the Order of Seasons. Now Wellfar at sea? We will lose our fleets, and Wistram and Pheislant will push from the west until we muster another force. This Human is speaking sense.”
A gravelly voice from someone Ryoka didn’t know, who looked like moving stones behind their illusory spell of a Dwarf. Fithea hadn’t said much, but she watched the obol Ryoka held. Yet it was an affronted voice, echoing slightly, from the suit of armor that sat with arms folded that addressed Ryoka next.
“I do not agree. Calanfer is the most strategic threat. They have long been manipulating bad will against us. We do not yield the field of battle without ceding honor. I say we continue.”
Lady Paterghost and the thing that moved her armor, the mimic Nube, voiced their dissent. Or at least, one of them. Ryoka had the distinct impression that the immortal did not like her.
“I cannot compensate you all—but I do offer you currency that even Rhisveri has acknowledged. Another world—another nation’s favor, and this one extradimensional. These are obol of the Faerie King. Whose name, even spoken, is powerful. Sixteen—and the magic of them is powerful, unique. You might all learn something from it. I mean, Rhisveri has some, but I doubt he’d share.”
The Wyrm froze as he lounged in his chair, and glared at Ryoka. Instantly, every eye swung towards him, and Ryoka hid a smile.
Got you, you greedy Wyrm.
The only way to sway the immortals was to divide them. The Agelum and Lucifen could see the rationale of her arguments, and Sophridel seemed like he was anti-war in general and a lover of the arts. But Rhisveri’s greed was Ryoka’s ally.
“Interesting. You didn’t mention that, Rhisveri.”
A woman with slitted eyes spoke up from the back. Rhisveri grunted.
“Well, it’s mine. She paid it for attempting to steal my treasures.”
“Then you don’t intend on sharing it.”
Visophecin remarked. Rhisveri shifted.
“…I will consider it. For an appropriate—”
“This is exactly the problem. First the spellbooks, now this!”
The gravelly-voiced immortal spoke up. Rhisveri pointed around.
“Do not question how I use my treasures! I don’t demand you yank out gemstones from your body and hand them around, Igrith!”
“Well, why shouldn’t we take some of the obol this Wind Runner is offering? Considering that we only have to stop fighting, it seems we get something, don’t we?”
