8.71
Page 1
“The hospitals are flooded. People start dying because they’re full up. At the same time, some groups are making all the money.”
“Like…?”
Ryoka sat in the crowded wagon of Cara’s band. Every Earther was present, staring at her, but letting Rae catch Ryoka up to speed. Cara had introduced Ryoka to everyone, but the Singer of Terandria was the only one not present.
“You can talk with them. I’ll get to work.”
Cara didn’t need to hear all of what they had shared again, but there was a visceral relief on the faces of the other Earthers in sharing this. They’d all hugged Ryoka—or tried to, in Greg’s case. They liked her before having met her, which was an unexpected feeling for Ryoka, and one she was disinclined to break by talking too much.
Because to them, she was like Cara. She was the Wind Runner, an Earther who’d become a Courier. She’d made it.
Anyways, back to Earth. Rae grimaced.
“Self-defense, arms manufacturing—everyone, I mean, everyone is buying something. ‘Give every young person a gun, just in case.’ They nearly passed a law letting people from 12 and up carry firearms.”
Oh heck, that is going to be a problem. However, if the gun lobby had new teeth, guess who else had more converts than they had since the actual Crusades?
Every religion in the world, even the weird ones, had gained in followers. Some had literally doubled their numbers, and they did not help with the many prophecies and laws that had been broken in the modern era that might spell divine judgment.
Worse…Ryoka was gnawing at her lip as Greg interjected.
“People are saying they see things. No one believes that. Yet. There’s a famous CEO who says he saw the messiah himself beckoning him to the last war against the Devil. Everyone he was with swears they saw it too. But that’s the weirdest part of it.”
Fuck.
No one had thrown a single [Fireball] through the portal between worlds, and yet Earth was practically tearing itself apart. Well—practically.
No one had started a world war yet. The Earthers chattered, and Ryoka, to distract herself, let them catch her up on less important news. Like all the movies that had come out, despite the calamities. New songs, even drama. She drank it in hungrily because it was home.
Would they ever go back, though? And if they did—
Would she want to?
 
——
 
Cara O’Sullivan, if that were her real name, asked hard questions. In fact, that was pretty much the only type of question she asked.
Ryoka Griffin, it could be said, had very little chill. She got anxious, she worried, and she snapped.
Cara, in that case, had anti-chill. She thought about the world with a depth of cynicism Ryoka admired.
However—they were two radically different people. On the same side! But they approached the issue of Ailendamus, where Ryoka was, and everything else from fundamentally different points of view.
For instance, the first thing Cara had asked Ryoka on their walk back was…
“After this, if you can be free, what will you do?”
And Ryoka was paralysed because she didn’t know. Go home to Izril? Well, assuming Erin woke up—go and find Mrsha. But if Mrsha were safe, she had to rally help against the six. Or—or talk to Eldavin. Or return Sammial to Tyrion and—
Then Cara jabbed her with an elbow and reclarified. Not that. If all were well in the world, what did Ryoka Griffin want to do? Go home? Find more Earthers? Just…live in peace?
If she could go home, would she?
