8.71
Page 14
All they could be known as were their masks. Respectively, Cracked Raven, Sunburst, and Oesca’s new identity…horrifying bat-yeti-man. With sapphire, staring eyes and two pinpoints of unholy light for the pupils.
War Mask.
Yet Cara refused to be anonymous. In fact, the original discussion had come from the people here arguing with her that she should wear a mask. But the Singer had multiple faces herself, and she presented herself not as the charming [Popstar] and occasionally [Rockstar], but a debater.
“Why should I hide my identity?”
She challenged a winking bear mask, who retorted with some irritation.
“All are equals in the Court of Masks. We rise or fall in each other’s esteem by the virtue of our argument.”
Cara frowned, and it was Sunburst who raised a finger. Sunburst, who many people thought they knew, and who had made a name for themselves in their dramatic entry.
“Ah, but are we equal? When we leave, we are still who we are. Reputations earned here are earned by an investment of time as much as sound logic. For someone like Miss Cara—surely she has no chance of being taken seriously. The Court of Masks, in that sense, is like an exclusive club that rewards loyalty and participation as much as sound reasoning.”
A murmur swept through those listening, which was the majority of those present. Cara had chosen her tactic well to attract attention, and she had a Devil in the wings.
Which was Ryoka, queen of trolling and antagonizing people. Cara just glanced at Ryoka, but it was like a wink.
‘batman’ lived up to her reputation. And Cara was no slouch either. She faced her masked audience and bowed.
“I am willing to stand and be heard. Even should His Majesty hear it—I am against war with the Dawn Concordat. I hope you will listen to my reasoning.”
Amusement ran through the crowd as Rhisveri, Visophecin, and Sophridel, each disguised themselves, came to listen. The Wyrm rolled his eyes, but he held his tongue. He hated not being known himself. Visophecin enjoyed it.
“Do you object to the war itself or our reasons for waging it?”
“Both. It is a war of aggression against a sovereign nation that has not provoked the war in any way.”
Cara retorted, and someone laughed.
“Calanfer has not attacked Ailendamus, but they are hardly a nation without flaw. You may wish to research the very nation you defend, Miss Singer. Or are you not aware of Calanfer’s peculiarities? It is known, publicly, as a nation that actively pits other nations against each other. I have never witnessed a court of snakes worse than Calanfer on our continent—House Reinhart may be its equal! The ‘Eternal Throne’ has pitted nations into wars that it benefits from more than any other nation in the last thousand years.”
Ryoka’s heart sank as she turned to listen to the speaker. Someone else chimed in.
“It is not a perfect nation either. If you study the nation’s policies and see where its economy flows—which I have done, I might add—you will see that if you calculate the sum total of its expenditures, over 60% of its annual budget flows not to people or anything else but the capital, the throne itself. Calanfer polishes its own jewel while its people suffer, especially in times of famine.”
Cara was listening, face impassive, as the others chimed in.
