8.71
Page 25
“Yes. This is all my fault, and I came to tell you that Sammial’s alive. That you don’t need to advance. I will make sure he’s safe and returned. So—don’t join the battle. They sent a Great General of Ailendamus, and she’s dangerous.”
Perhaps why Tyrion Veltras liked Ryoka was because she spoke as eloquently as he did. The problem was, there were two with the same level of social grace. But Lord Pellmia’s lips moved as Tyrion considered what he could say. And the [Lord], thus saved by the world’s finest wingman, said this to the Wind Runner:
“I did not go to war against Ailendamus just for you, Ryoka Griffin. My son was kidnapped, one of the Five Families attacked by a foreign nation. House Quellae’s folk endangered and blood drawn. Nor am I ignorant of the Dawn Concordat’s plight. Three sovereign nations have been invaded, and I am not foolish enough to think Ailendamus will halt at the shores of Terandria. I did not ride against Ailendamus for you.”
Buscrei covered her face in one gloved hand, and Tyrion went on.
“You were part of my reason. And so long as you are a captive, I will continue my advance. For you and Sammial. You make my sons laugh. I would not see you imprisoned or harmed. I…do care, though we have not known each other long.”
Ryoka Griffin looked like she was ready to fly up into space and stay there. But it was not a disastrous statement. If anything, she seemed relieved by him explaining the very true reasons why he had already been considering the war. It wasn’t about her.
Even so, Pellmia slapped the side of his head. That was the best he got from his new Skill? He wondered how bad the original had been.
Ryoka had no such benefit.
“You have to turn back. I don’t want you all to die.”
She said that, bold as brass, to House Veltras, House El, and Terland’s folk, who had all gathered around. The [Lords] and [Ladies] shifted.
“You speak as if you believe there is no chance we’d win. The Dawn Concordat has mustered the greatest army, and their champions. They are not far behind Ailendamus in numbers and we will be joining them.”
“You haven’t got a chance. Not against that Great General. I know it sounds like I’m lying, but—”
Tyrion Veltras nodded thoughtfully and stopped one of House El’s [Ladies] from kicking Ryoka in the back.
“I believe you. I can sense her from here.”
Ryoka Griffin looked up gratefully. But the [Lord] just rested a hand on the saddle of his horse.
“Yet I will do nothing if I cannot see Sammial. If I do not hold him—if he is not returned to House Veltras, I will go to battle. And I include your freedom in that demand, Ryoka Griffin. I assume you have been sent to discuss the matter? We will negotiate the rest—that is my demand. Ryoka Griffin and Sammial Veltras’ return under oath from King Itorin himself, witnessed. If I have that before the battle draws to a close, I will speak to my allies. Perhaps convince them to turn back.”
If he did not do battle, the Lightherald’s attack would be disastrous. Tyrion still weighed the very real aggression of Ailendamus in the balance.
However, if Ryoka Griffin and Sammial were freed—he would withdraw from this battle.
If not the war.
That level of duplicity was so cunning—or just unexpected—that Ryoka Griffin just took it at face value. And so did everyone else. She nodded to Tyrion and turned.
“I—I can do that! I think I can talk the people down, and I’ll make sure they do. I think someone in Wistram is even showing Sammial. They’re doing a tour—check your scrying orbs!”
She turned, and Tyrion caught her.
