8.71
Page 10
Cara sang. Ailendamus’ court was introduced to the concept of…rock…and realized Cara hadn’t lied.
It was an aggressive song. Ryoka had it on her playlist, which was why Cara had agreed with it.
The Phoenix, by Fall Out Boy.
She knew her role, which was to stand in the center of the stage in her costume. Cara had attached it to her windsuit; the blazing feathers made Ryoka look like the very mythical bird that Ryoka had met in the lands of the fae.
A literal Phoenix, who would be very offended if it saw Ryoka cosplaying. Then again—maybe not? Ryoka had paid it off with a handbag.
She even had a beak-like helmet that she was grateful for—she couldn’t see as much of the audience as she strutted left and right, raising an arm to the cheering. Cara was all around her, head bobbing as her hair flew, the sky was filled with flames, and Ryoka saw Rhisveri trying to hold himself up on a table and laughing so hard he was crying.
Then Cara’s moment came, and Ryoka spread her wings and flew up. Some of her feathers came loose with her ascent, but it only added to the effect. The crowd gasped as Ryoka flew. She looked down at them all and really hoped it mattered.
The laughing Wyrm, the Agelum cheering her, the nobles and mortals and royal family. Ryoka descended to mad applause. By the time Cara launched into the second song, everyone watching could see that Ryoka’s face was almost as red as the costume.
But it did work. Both Cara and the Wind Runner were now friends. Publicly, and Cara was even more interesting to the nobles of Terandria. His Majesty had publicly smiled and laughed at the performance, most crucially of all. And Rhisveri had needed to be carried out of the banquet because he couldn’t stop laughing during the speeches.
 
——
 
The next day, Ryoka Griffin lay with her head under her pillow. She had tried to go outside, but one of the [Knights] guarding her had begun humming one of the songs, and she’d fled inside.
She only came out when Sammial kicked the door open and began freestyling his own take on Cara’s song. Then she had to face the music. Sammial Veltras trailed after her and so did Princess Oesca, who had put her foot down and ignored her tutors in favor of not missing anything interesting ever again.
Mind you, not everyone liked Ryoka Griffin. One person in particular considered that maybe all these problems would just…go away if someone took a crossbow and shot her in the back without missing. An [Assassin] had missed with a crossbow. Just—embarrassing.
And it would save so many problems from happening now.
Queen Oiena of Ailendamus had mixed feelings on Ryoka Griffin. The poor girl had won her sympathy with the Viscount’s idiocy. She had also somehow impressed Itorin but assured Oiena she was not in any way trying to seduce her husband—and Oiena believed her.
The Queen had a soft spot for a young woman who’d made Courier by doing brave runs. Ryoka Griffin was impressive—
But she was also a terrible nuisance. And a bad influence on Oesca. Queen Oiena had heard from her daughter’s [Nursemaids] that Oesca had demanded trousers.
…Which was fine for anyone but a [Princess]. The problem was, Oesca was not like other young women her age, even the nobility. She had to go to her lessons, and that Veltras boy was the worst example of all with his unchecked aura.
More than that, though, Oiena was simply aware of Ailendamus’ war with the Dawn Concordat. It was far from the capital; you had to seek out news of it. Oh, battles won and such were talked of nonstop, but the exact, military nuance?
