8.71
Page 2
Any one of these questions could have given Ryoka a full blown existential crisis where she jogged along the beach and thought about them for a day or two. Since there was no beach nearby, Ryoka just hyperventilated.
She didn’t know. By contrast, Cara did.
“I’m creating Safety. Step two is to get everyone where they want to be. In their class. Step three? We go home or send a message back. Failing that? We need to find a nation, a cause, a group, and create something safe for us. It’s nebulous as feck, but I’m touring Terandria to find somewhere I believe in. The Kingdom of Keys might be good—if they let us in. I’m genuinely considering Khelt, to be honest. Or the House of Minos. Paradises. You’ve met Minotaurs—what’s your impression of them?”
“Physically fit.”
To that, Cara had rolled her eyes. She had an Irish accent when it slipped, but she had training, so she often adopted a different accent depending on who she spoke to.
“Wonderful insight.”
She was prickly around Ryoka, but the other Earthers thought of her as trustworthy.
“She’ll bite your head off, but she got me out of jail. Everyone thought I was trying to cast a spell on them when I landed, and I was in there for two weeks. She rolled in and got me out.”
Thien assured Ryoka that Cara was on the up and up. Abebi, from Nigeria, was also confident in Cara.
“Safety is great. I hope you can visit. But no one’s going there until we’re well clear of Ailendamus. Cara told us all to be careful. What…what is the situation here with you?”
Ryoka gave her a winning smile.
“Complicated.”
That pretty much described everything. When in doubt, that was the answer. But the truth was, Ryoka was glad Cara was here.
Because Cara’s other goal, besides possibly breaking Ryoka Griffin out of trouble, was to end the war with Ailendamus and the Dawn Concordat, specifically Calanfer. Ryoka Griffin considered that between keeping her out of trouble and that—
Cara had a better shot at ending the war. And Ryoka would help her. She had supreme confidence in her ability to sway Ailendamus’ true power. Right up until she heard that Tyrion Veltras was carving a path through Ailendamus’ forces.
And then that House Wellfar had entered the war. Guess who was to blame for that? Someone knocked at the door to the Earthers’ secret conference, and everyone went silent immediately. Ryoka opened the door and saw a [Knight], Dame Chorisa, taking off her helmet.
“Chorisa, can it wait? I’m a bit bus—”
The Thisting Veil Knight stepped aside and showed Ryoka about twenty [Knights], from the Order of the Hydra to Drell [Knights]. One of the [Royal Knights] gave Ryoka a stiff bow.
“Excuse me, Courier Griffin? Duke Rhisveri would like a word with you.”
 
——
 
While Ryoka Griffin was being escorted to meet with Rhisveri, Cara O’Sullivan was singing. Yes, Ryoka was being marched off under guard, but when was she not? It was what the Wind Runner wanted, anyways.
Ryoka had a belief that in order to change things, like this war, you had to go to the top. There was a great story, great fate and destiny at play, and she wanted to be an important part of it. To move Ailendamus, one person, one Wyrm mattered. Maybe some Devils and Angels and a Dryad and Elemental or two were thrown in for good measure, but only them.
Cara—no. Cara took a different view, and it was that everyone was the protagonist of their own story. Ailendamus was made up of people, and it was people who changed things. So she put the magical microphone to her lips and sang.
 
“I~, I have a secret. And it’s you.”
 
