8.71
Page 20
In the tense silence, every eye fell on Ryoka Griffin. It was Fithea who looked up from one of the Lucifen she was tending. Eldavin had pulled his punches…sort of. The Lucifen’s protective gear was shattered and they were alive, but one had stakes of wood that were rammed through her body—another had lost almost all their layers of skin…
Eldavin had done this? Ryoka had seen the wrath of a Dragon only once, but it had been directed against Venitra, who definitely deserved it, and the Necromancer.
These were…children.
She looked up as Fithea murmured. She looked for one spark of hope or understanding. But even the ancient Dryad’s gaze had gone dark. A spark of magic shone in the ancient stone of her face, but it was an implacable forest. And withered trust. She whispered it into the air.
“So this is the one who came here. You may have brought death to us after all, Ryoka Griffin.”
The Wind Runner stood there as the hostile gazes of the immortals fell upon her. So Ryoka looked around.
She felt bad for Calanfer, she truly did. And the Dawn Concordat. But her only tie was with Lyonette. She was horrified in an abstract way. She didn’t know them.
She did know Ailendamus’ immortals and mortals. In a sense, Ryoka was on Ailendamus’ side. She loved the immortals, the last of their kind.
But she could see the worst of them in the Lucifen’s contempt for humanity. In Rhisveri’s greed. In the way they manipulated those with shorter lives into living and loving a lie. Into a war that threatened people Ryoka did know.
Tyrion Veltras had led his family into war. Buscrei and Swey.
Pellmia.
And Grand Magus Eldavin—no, Archmage Eldavin—he had brought the future to this world ahead of time. Super-soldiers wearing armor.
A war that Ryoka Griffin was culpable for. Now?
Azemith walked over to Ryoka and handed the Wind Runner something. The Lucifen mother didn’t worry or grieve as openly as others. Igolze, standing behind her, just held still, his back open to the portal to nothingness.
“Here.”
Ryoka looked down. She held out her hand, and the Lucifen put something into it.
A burnt finger. Ryoka dropped it and leapt back. Azemith fixed her with a red-eyed stare.
“If Paxere dies, I will take more than two of your fingers.”
“Azemith.”
Gadrea pulled her back. The Agelum and Lucifen watched Ryoka Griffin breathing in and out. Staring down at the finger.
Ryoka Griffin almost laughed.
“That’s the second time someone’s handed fingers to me.”
Even Rhisveri’s head turned. The giant Wyrm’s mouth moved, silently mouthing…‘what’?
But Ryoka just stood there, feeling the weight of the choices she was making…or wasn’t, by her inaction. She looked at Paterghost, at Rhisveri, who was eying her, and at the watching Lucifen.
“I didn’t ask Eldavin to go to war for me. But he’s here because of me. At least in part.”
Ryoka looked at the others. She took a breath and met Azemith’s gaze. Then turned to Rhisveri.
“I’ve paid every debt to you, Rhisveri. So you’ve said.”
“I am beginning to reconsider that statement. But functionally—yes. That does not absolve you of this issue.”
The Wyrm hissed at her. Ryoka instantly shook her head.
“I’m not making excuses. But there is something I can do. So…will you hear me out?”
The gathering of Ailendamus’ ageless looked down at Ryoka with suspicion, curiosity, hope, waiting for her response. As if there were ever any question. Any one of Ryoka’s friends could have told the immortals, anyone who knew Ryoka at all.
