8.71
Page 19
Rhisveri stormed out of the room, and Ryoka ran after him. He was shouting at Visophecin to come back, but gave up. He snapped his fingers—
And half the immortals and Ryoka blinked into the Wyrm’s personal chambers. Rhisveri’s true body rose as he began searching for what was happening.
Of course—they would be too late. The Lucifen young battling Eldavin only activated their alarms when he engaged in combat with them. And it was a short battle.
Rhisveri took time first checking in on the manor, then tracing the magic back to the battlefield. It took him about ten minutes to decide to allow the Lucifen and Agelum warparty to go—they were already en-route.
“I will head there myself. But how did he teleport them out of their manor? I’d have trouble doing that. Any Archmage should fall to the Lucifen—they can cast Tier 6 piercing spells.”
He was pacing back and forth with his Human body as the first Lucifen young began to arrive, battered, but alive. But of course—
“He’s got Paxere. He saw us.”
One Lucifen was so badly scorched he looked like a ball of ash—like a cartoon character, but his skin was flaking off. Fithea was casting healing spells as Rhisveri listened.
“He knows Five Alchemy magic? Those are high-tier elemental spells, but that last one—how much mana?”
“Second only to you or Visophecin. One second we were winning, the next—it was a Skill or something.”
Ryoka was frozen in shock. Eldavin! Teriarch! What had he done?
“I’m going after him. I will slay him—Visophecin, two of the Agelum, and you, Rhisveri. We can kill any foe.”
Paterghost announced. Sophridel spoke, having no limbs but floating masks, which edged forwards, like an arm.
“I will send four of my strongest masks if it matters.”
“No.”
Rhisveri overruled Paterghost, much to Ryoka’s relief, but not out of caution. His eyes were narrowed as the Wyrm cast magic.
“He’s fortifying up as we speak. What…that’s a Tier 7 ward. How does he know that magic? No one living should…”
His eye flicked to Ryoka, and she felt a shock run through her. Rhisveri alone knew who she had met. And she saw the instant paranoia and fear run through him.
A Dragon.
But here was the funny thing. They didn’t know. They weren’t certain. The immortals recognized strength, but they were not sure. It was almost funny—Ryoka as a mortal could recognize the nature of immortality better than the immortals. Eldavin could have actually been a powerful mortal.
Or one taught by an immortal.
“If we attack now—”
“We would have to destroy the Season of Summer and Summer’s Champion, countless [Mages] of Wistram, and this Archmage on his home ground. He survived an ambush that would have killed half of us. All it takes is for him to reveal Paxere.”
“Will he?”
The immortals were worried, frightened as Visophecin stepped through the doorway. He and Rhisveri spoke as one.
“No.”
Rhisveri looked down, and Ryoka recoiled. She saw Visophecin’s eyes burning, and the smell of metal and oil were strong on him. Were his fingers more like claws? Was his shadow…vibrating?
She looked into his dark eyes and saw a little, bright red light glowing in the depths of his pupils. Uzine was panting from standing for so long and collapsed into a chair.
“Hold, Visophecin. Hold—”
He coughed and wiped the blood onto his pants. The Lucifen instantly turned to him as Rhisveri addressed him curtly.
“Don’t change here, Visophecin. I’m speaking to this Archmage. I’ve issued a warning. If he reveals Paxere, we fall on him. We’re negotiating.”
