8.71
Page 22
The flags of Ailendamus snapped in the breeze, and word caught up with the wind as it blew southwards, outracing it by magic, but only just. [Message] spells flitted through the air and told people to look up. They spotted the wind, and some waved, racing along, trying to build the little sailboats of cloth and wood and resolving to catch the wind when it raced back. The rest just pointed up.
They had seen Couriers before. Great Runners who galloped or ran using magic or other methods. But this one was different than even Garuda. So people stopped and gazed up at the wind and figure.
It wasn’t often you saw a Human fly.
 
——
 
Ryoka made the mistake of opening her mouth once. Her lips immediately tried to catch the wind and tear her cheeks out of her face. She needed a helmet and goggles.
She added it to her list. But then reconsidered as the wind blew around her, changing so it didn’t tear her face off.
She flew in a slipstream of air, her wingsuit’s arms spread. Like a giant flying squirrel, or a skydiver of Earth. The only difference was—Ryoka didn’t need that much altitude to begin her wild journey.
Nor would she ever land. The wind blew her ahead, keeping her from dropping. Ryoka didn’t know how fast she was going. Wingsuits could propel you at a hundred miles per hour. Absolutely insane speeds that no creature could match—and instant death if you so much as grazed anything.
Ryoka was going faster. Fithea, Visophecin, and Rhisveri had cast weather spells to clear the way. Even she, friend of the wind, wouldn’t risk this mad acceleration normally.
But she let Ailendamus disappear below her, a mad blur. Thankfully, Ailendamus’ capital wasn’t in the center of the nation, but close to where it had originally been when the nation had been smaller, bordering Kaliv’s north.
It would still take hours to reach her destination, even at her insane speed. And she had two places to visit.
A Courier crossing Ailendamus was not without risk. Especially one who might be opposed to Ailendamus. Most of the army couldn’t do squat, if they even looked up in time to see Ryoka coming, but Ailendamus had altogether too many forces capable of at least making Ryoka’s life uncomfortable.
If she was their enemy. If she was trying to flee Ailendamus? Ryoka saw [Mages], or their auras, who were briefed on how to stop a fragile, flying object.
Mostly by casting a barrier spell and letting her slam into it high up. Ailendamus also had [Griffin Riders], albeit not many. But no one stopped her. Rhisveri had cleared her path, so Ryoka zoomed over an army of several hundred jogging [Knights] who cheered her.
The Order of the Hydra pointed up at the Wind Runner and shouted in mild outrage. The very same [Knights] who she had met in the capital shook their fists at the Wind Runner who had just covered the same distance they had in about two hours.
By this point, Ryoka was using her wing-glider and clipped into it. Mainly because spreading your arms in a wingsuit’s dive got tiring after thirty minutes, much less two hours. The exhilaration had faded a bit, but she felt free.
Free…except for that magical arm-bangle that was glinting warningly on her right arm. Rhisveri had let her go, but he hadn’t taken off the tracking device. He had let her go, but given who she was heading to, he’d taken precautions.
It was enough time, even with the power of the wind at her back, even flying, to think. Ryoka Griffin saw a mountain range coming up, not the High Passes for certain, but so high she began looking up at them.
