8.71
Page 26
“Where are you going? You should sit, talk. At least tell me how Sammial is eating. Has he caused…incidents?”
“And we can wipe that nose. That is the ugliest nosebleed I’ve ever seen.”
Buscrei added. But Ryoka was shaking her head.
“I have to stop—Archmage Eldavin. I’m sorry! I need to catch him, and he’s all the way in Pheislant.”
“There’s no way you’ll reach Pheislant by nightfall. There’s two nations between here and the coast!”
“I’ll get a teleport! The Great General can send me.”
Tyrion Veltras saw everyone recoil and added that to his list. So the Great General was not only able to send that spell that nearly killed the Griffin Queen into the sky—a Tier 6 spell?—but also teleport Ryoka two nations across.
That definitely factored into Ryoka’s offer. Pellmia nudged Tyrion as Ryoka turned, arguing her way back to Ailendamus’ lines.
“Don’t you have to say something? She’s about to leave.”
“I’ve said everything—”
“Go, dead gods, Tyrion!”
Then he found Pellmia shoving him forwards and the others stepping back. Ryoka turned, and her blind apprehension and worry was like a reflection of how he sometimes felt.
“Er…Tyrion. Lord Veltras. I, uh—we didn’t get to bring it up, but about your proposal. The thing is—I’m going to have to decline. And I don’t want you to think—”
Swey covered his eyes and Buscrei’s. They’d forgotten about the proposal. But Lord Pellmia clasped his hands together like a man looking for a miracle. Tyrion Veltras looked at Ryoka, and the list of injunctions like, ‘don’t try to kiss her’, and ‘no marriage offers, don’t talk about expected children’, floated through his mind.
What he said was all he’d decided over all the thinking, in the background of his mind.
“I withdraw that. I was clearly in error.”
Ryoka relaxed slightly, and Tyrion heard someone sigh.
“I—it’s just—”
Tyrion nodded slowly.
“I know you may not be interested, or what I ask was far too direct. I understand this. I hope, Ryoka Griffin, that you will simply visit us again. You saved my sons’ lives. I think you give them something I have forgotten how or never had. That is what I hope you will consider, once this is over and we are returned to Izril.”
Ryoka Griffin froze as Pellmia clutched at his chest like a man sensing a class consolidation. She inhaled sharply and then looked at him.
“I…could do that.”
He watched her fly off, without anything more. Not much was said, in truth, but that was how Tyrion best communicated. He saluted her with a sword as Pellmia collapsed into Buscrei’s arms in a dead faint of relief.
“Someone find me a scrying orb. I will watch for my son.”
And he did. Tyrion sat, feeling light and relaxed, waiting to see what the future held. Pellmia’s head rose, and he bellowed.
“[Lord of Love and Wine]! It’s a miracle!”
Tyrion Veltras actually smiled. He was in the middle of toasting Lord Pellmia Quellae, the hero of every lost battlefield—in love—when Jericha rushed in.
“Lord Veltras. The Wind Runner is on the orb.”
Tyrion turned and dropped the goblet as he saw Ryoka Griffin meet Archmage Eldavin.
The goblet rolled upon the ground in the silence.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I have an assistant. I’ve mentioned it in Contacts, but I now have a fanmail and inbox for business too. If you need to reach out, rest assured I have a Salii. Does that mean I’m Orjin? No…no. My arms are too weak. Anyways–
Day 3. My stream-watchers can testify…I’ve just paused after about 6 hours of writing for today. I don’t want to cut it here, but I think I have to.
