8.71
Page 8
“I’m committed, Cara. I’m not going to leave you behind. It’s just—I really don’t want to do this. I’ll do it! But—will it really end this war? I know you’ve got a plan, but you don’t know the leaders of Ailendamus.”
She could not tell Cara the truth, even if she wanted to. Yet the Singer’s eyes were, if not purely confident, resolved.
“I have…a few variables, Ryoka. And among them is just tipping the scales. If it’s one of two people who switch from supporting to hesitating, or better yet, opposing it, we can maybe grind this war machine from annihilating a country to something before that. There is always a point where enough is enough. Enough blood, enough dissent…I want to push to that point if it can be done.”
It was well said. But Cara didn’t know that a Wyrm ruled Ailendamus. Ryoka wondered…what Rhisveri’s tipping point was.
The two said all of this as Cara helped Ryoka put on the rest of her costume. Then their serious moment turned to hesitation. Cara bit her lip, and Ryoka saw her holding in a smile. The Wind Runner checked herself in a mirror and sighed.
Ivolethe would laugh herself sick if she saw this. Even Cara’s lips quirked, and Ryoka heard people in the band laughing when she exited the trailer.
“Holy shit. Are we doing this?”
Greg stared at Ryoka until Thien elbowed him. Cara turned to Ryoka as the Wind Runner peeked at the banquet and saw the Agelum in the audience. Oh, great. They seemed to be looking for her. And—was that Sammial Veltras standing with Oesca and her friends?
Why yes, yes it was. Cara put her arm on Ryoka’s shoulder.
“[Performer’s Grace]. Breathe, Ryoka. Are you breathing? In, out, in, out…”
“I know how to breathe!”
Ryoka snapped back. Cara didn’t even blink, but Ryoka relaxed slightly as the Skill worked on her. The Singer kept talking as she steered Ryoka towards the backstage, behind the curtains. Ryoka wouldn’t be taking part in the first few songs, which made her even more nervous. Someone was announcing Cara—it sounded like Regalius?
“…the illustrious Singer of Terandria, who graces our noble kingdom with…”
Abebi hurried over and whispered to Cara. It must have been rather dramatic to the audience watching, but backstage it was all chaos as Rae nearly threw up from nerves again, then took her place. Greg was fiddling with his guitar and tightened it too much—the snap of a string breaking was muffled by the applause. Cara turned to stare at him, and Abebi ran for a [Repair] spell. The Singer turned back to Ryoka.
“I know this is out of your comfort zone, Ryoka. This is me pushing you hard, and we both know it. But if there’s a chance this helps, this is about thousands, hundreds of thousands of lives if we can change anyone’s opinion. This is bigger than us, so your comfort zone does not exist right now. The question you need to answer is—will this help?”
Ryoka spread her arms helplessly, and the costume which had gone over her windsuit spread. She looked into the crowd and saw a bored Rhisveri yawning and popping prawned shrimp into his mouth. She imagined how he might react.
“…Yes.”
“Okay then. Wait for your part.”
 
——
 
While Cara went out, Ryoka heard her performing from behind the stage. She saw less of the stage effects, only the flash, reactions of the audience—and the [Mages] casting the spells and Abebi coordinating everything frantically.
It was the backstage Ryoka saw, and she saw that Cara knew her stuff. She also sang wonderfully.
