8.71
Page 4
The only trick would be explaining how Abebi used the computer to mix electronic tracks—but he didn’t need to see that. Cara flicked up her hair and winked at him.
“Do you know any other songs of mine? You have a superb voice. Are you trained? I noticed you have trouble hitting the high notes.”
Menorkel gulped. Cara looked around at the envious faces; there were a lot of her most devoted fans, but she rarely sang with them. She even spotted a huge…armored figure…
Cara froze as she saw Gilaw perched on a window ledge, staring at her like a hawk. The Great Knight made no move, and Menorkel babbled on happily.
“I know almost all of them, Miss Cara! I would love to sing—er, Miss Cara?”
“Um. Who is that, Menorkel?”
The Titan turned, spotted Gilaw, and made a frantic go-away motion.
“That’s just Gilaw. Great Knight Gilaw, Cara. She’s a friend of mine—Gilaw! Go away! She might be listening. Maybe she likes your songs? She listens to mine.”
The strange woman with dark skin and a mane of hair refused to go. Cara hesitated—then put on her best smile. She bowed.
“Knight Gilaw? You’re welcome to listen closer! If she’s your friend, I’m delighted to sing for her, Menorkel. What if we did a duet? Some song…how about Don’t Stop Believin’?”
His mouth dropped open at the famous song with, naturally, a male and female part. Edited a bit for comprehensibility. Street lights made sense, for instance, but trains and whatnot needed changing.
Cara realized she was going to have to further edit every song for lyrics about…Ryoka’s biggest worry.
Wonderful. But then she put the mic to her lips and motioned at Menorkel to sing. He went pale, but she was his backup. Cara winked at the half-Giant, and he looked around wonderingly.
Like the young hero entering the high point of his own movie. The star of his story. That was how Cara saw it. And besides—
She did love to sing.
 
——
 
Duke Rhisveri of Ailendamus did not sing. He did croon, though. That was the tone of his voice. Very ominously friendly.
We’re all friends here. I’m so happy. I’m not thinking of melting you.
That was the…tone of his voice. A kind of forced good mood that revealed the simmering core of molten rage in his eyes. The smile was rather like that too. Corpses had more genuine rictus grins than his bared teeth.
“It seems Archmage Eldavin and House Veltras have both decided to enter the war against Ailendamus. And House Wellfar. Just what is your relationship to Tyrion Veltras and the ‘Archmage of Memory’, Ryoka? Personal? Intimate?”
She turned beet red.
“None of your business. I’m sorry they’re…attacking, Rhisveri, but you did abduct me.”
“Yes, yes. I abducted you. After you stole from me. And this is my comeuppance. Itorin is not happy. The [Generals] and [Strategists] are whining to me and holding me accountable. Which I deserve! It is purely my fault. And I will pay for it. Right after I vent my frustrations onto you.”
The Wyrm opened his maw in the private audience he had summoned Ryoka to, and she inhaled the sickly-sweet smell of his gullet. Not actually that bad. But she did see the acid preparing to spray and thought she actually saw the acid-ducts.
Anyone else, possibly even Cara, would have frozen in response to immortal wrath. Even Erin?
Well, Erin would have dodged. But Ryoka knew Rhisveri. And while she could fail to charm a starving duck with a full bag of bread crusts…she raised one hand.
“Do you use mouthwash or something?”
Rhisveri’s eyes bulged in an amazing sight on the giant Wyrm’s face. He closed his mouth, and then his cheeks puffed and he spat acid to the side.
