8.71
Page 24
“I intended to let you pass, but the Griffin Queen accosted you. I understand you are bound to speak with Tyrion Veltras and possibly negotiate their retreat. Ryoka Griffin, the Wind Runner.”
An entire army had halted around her, and Ryoka saw the Great General’s bodyguard not-so-casually aiming their weapons at her.
Her real bodyguard. Not the [Knights], even, but two dozen half-Elves.
Just…half-Elves. Like Falene, Ceria. Oh, but they looked middle-aged and like they were career soldiers. So they had been warriors for how long?
Ryoka held up her hands, but Dionamella just pointed.
“Your quarry is somewhere to the south. We do not know exactly where he is, but the Dawn Concordat is set to assail us here. So. You will find him there.”
“Do you—are you—?”
Ryoka looked around at the others and realized this was not the spot to ask if Dionamella knew the nature of Rhisveri and the other immortals. But the half-Elf just eyed Ryoka and gave her a timeless smile.
“I may see you at the capital if you remain. I understand you have caused quite the stir. Hurry onwards, Ryoka Griffin. And pass on a message from me to the two you’re trying to convince: consider retreating. I was taught by Rhisveri and Fithea, among others.”
That was all. But the calm confidence scared Ryoka more than anything else. She scrambled to her feet, leapt into the air—
And smacked the ground so hard everyone winced. Just a face-first impact, without trying to break the fall. Ryoka got up, stunned, and Dionamella hesitated.
“Ah. We march under a different time. Lightly. I’m sorry—try again.”
Ryoka turned, nose bleeding, and felt the wind pick her up. It carried her up, out of the Great General’s aegis, and Ryoka suddenly felt very nervous.
She could calm the wind itself in her aura?
 
——
 
Tyrion Veltras looked up, and there she was.
Unexpected. Unlooked for.
Possibly unpossible too. How was she…here? He had just been thinking of what to say to her, and then the wind had whispered.
And Buscrei had screamed in his ear to look up.
The Wind Runner landed with a bloody nose as House Veltras’ forces flagged her down. Or rather, Buscrei had nearly winged her with a glowing arrow as Ryoka circled, searching for them. She came down, and Tyrion had to ask.
“Ryoka Griffin. Are you injured? Is someone following you?”
“I landed on my face.”
Jericha, Swey, Pellmia, Buscrei, all looked between Ryoka and Tyrion as they exchanged the first words since Ryoka’s disappearance and the attack on House Veltras. Lord Pellmia whispered a prayer without target or faith.
He did not have the levels for this.
[Avert Disaster (Verbal)] activated in the first minute of the two just looking at each other. Half-starting to speak. In the end, Ryoka Griffin just looked at Tyrion.
“I’m sorry. I’ve caused you all a lot of trouble. I never expected you to come…Sammial’s alive. He’s well. Unharmed. Too well, in fact. The [Princess] of Ailendamus is learning a lot of bad lessons from him.”
Tyrion let out a breath he didn’t know he’d been holding for the last month, and Buscrei muttered.
“That’s something. Are they letting you go? No—that’s not jewelry, is it?”
Tyrion noticed the bangle on Ryoka’s arm. The Wind Runner shook her head.
“No, but they’re not hostile. It was my fault—they attacked because of something I did.”
“Something you tried to steal.”
Jericha murmured, and everyone looked to her. Ryoka hung her head.
