8.71
Page 6
If there were any chance at all, Ryoka was going to take it. In some ways, she was very unlike Cara in her limitless, boundless confidence in her ability to do things. Like persuade a Wyrm to stop a war. Ryoka thought she had a shot. This was before Eldavin’s battle with the Lucifen, so her spirits were uncharacteristically high.
 
——
 
What Ryoka and Cara agreed on was that they had to try and end this conflict. Cara knew someone in Calanfer.
“Princess Seraphel du Marquin.”
“You know a [Princess] of Calanfer?”
Ryoka’s tone was frankly disbelieving. Cara gave her an odd look.
“…Yes. Because I landed in Noelictus, where she was being betrothed to the [Earl] of Ovela. That ended poorly, but I got to know her. She’s a decent sort, even for a royal. She has had too much shite piled on her lap.”
“So you just—know her.”
The Singer’s eyebrows raised.
“Yes. And you just happen to have met the 6th Princess of Calanfer after she ran away. Who works at an inn in the middle of the continent. Which one is more coincidental?”
“Um. No, I get that. It’s just—so you’re trying to end the war for her?”
Cara rubbed at her brow. She took a swig of healing potion mixed with a tonic for her voice; she’d just spent an hour and a half singing with the starstruck Menorkel. And about thirty seconds of hearing Gilaw try to copy them at a dead screech. But she’d made an impression on the two immortals.
Ryoka was actually sort of jealous. She walked over to the window and closed the shutters. Gilaw couldn’t hear them, but she was peeking through the glass at Cara, the new target of interest. Menorkel pulled her away and hurried her off.
Of course, Cara was the Singer of Terandria. But Ryoka was the friend to immortals. Ahem. The Wind Runner coughed and saw Cara giving her a long look.
“What?”
“I’m not ending the war because I know Seraphel, Ryoka. I’m ending the war because Ailendamus is an imperialistic, expansionist nation that aggressively annihilates any smaller nations. They make Rome look peaceful. People are dying in this war, and if I can—well, you were the excuse to come here. We haven’t a shot in hell, but I’ll try. Hand me that brush?”
Ryoka did, a bit shamefaced.
“Uh, right. I think it can work. But are you sure we need to stick to your plan?”
She was antsy. And embarrassed by Cara reminding her of the obvious. Ailendamus did attack other nations.
It was just…Ryoka saw why. Part was Rhisveri’s greed, but the immortals genuinely thought they were making life better. The Agelum did. The Lucifen were more obsessed with order, but Ryoka also knew it was self-preservation.
Mortals killed immortals. There was a part of her that got why they were doing this.
And another part that realized how dangerous all of this was. Yet despite herself, Ryoka didn’t hate Ailendamus. She might fear it, but she knew Itorin, saw the people here…
Cara did too, but again, her perspective was far different.
“Ovela and Afiele. I don’t know what you think you’re seeing, Ryoka, but I’ve seen their worst. Hiring a [Necromancer] to assassinate an entire family—children and all—is what some of the rats in this nation will do. However, they’re not all evil pieces of Creler crap?”
She turned to Ryoka, and the Wind Runner nodded.
“Some are reasonable. Like I said, there’s ways to make an impact.”
They’d discussed that, but the imminent banquet was the first thing. So Cara just nodded.
“I’m sure you’re right. That’s who we’re impressing. No one’s all good or evil in a nation. So we’re doing this—as long as you’re not going to run off on me.”
