8.71
Page 5
“Hah! Don’t make me laugh! How did you know that?”
He growled, trying to maintain his anger, but Ryoka lifted her hands.
“It sort of smells like that. Seriously. You do use mouthwash?”
“What am I, a barbarian? Do you not cleanse your mouth? Don’t answer that. I think I can smell it coming off you. I suppose this is the point where you remind me you’re a guest of the Faerie King, and etcetera, etcetera.”
Rhisveri grumpily rested his head on his only forelimbs and stared at her over his claws in such a Human way that she nearly laughed. Ryoka had known the odds of him blasting her were remote, but she kept going.
“No, because you know that, Rhisveri. I won’t insult your intelligence. But I will ask for a meeting with all the immortals in the capital.”
“Amazing. You waste so much of my time, and now you want to waste everyone’s? Why would I possibly grant that request?”
The Wyrm raised his brows. Ryoka lifted a finger.
“Firstly, you do realize two—three powers are in this war because of me? It probably makes sense to try and make one or all of them withdraw.”
Rhisveri frowned darkly.
“We can win. Wistram, House Veltras, House Wellfar? None of them dare to send more than portions of their might. Ailendamus can crush all three. Or do you think your precious Archmage is my equal?”
He balefully eyed Ryoka. She gave him an innocent smile.
My friend, you have no idea what Eldavin is.
What she said was far less confrontational.
“Of course you can…but do you want to at this moment? You’re a logical man, Rhisveri.”
He rubbed his head. Since he had no claws capable of reaching the top, the Wyrm rubbed his head against one wall, which seemed to be polished, as if he did that now and then. Wearily, he looked down at her.
“I am a logical Wyrm. Don’t insult me by bringing me onto your level. And you would be so generous?”
Rhisveri gave Ryoka a skeptical look. She shrugged.
“Haven’t I settled my debts with you? I’m willing to talk them down if possible. You have Sammial—if you let him go, Tyrion might relent.”
“He wants two million gold coins. For that, I was tempted to send him a trap in the [Message] spell. Very well. You’re speaking rare sense. But why would I allow you to talk to the others? Speak to me. I am in control here. The others are lesser peers. I will make the final decision.”
Rhisveri narrowed his eyes dangerously. Ryoka just sighed. She reached into her bag of holding and produced a handful of glowing stones.
“…Because I’m willing to pay you if you answer my request. You and the others. Not just for Tyrion and Eldavin to withdraw. Duke Rhisveri, Great Wyrm of Ailendamus…how much would it cost for you to abandon your war against the Dawn Concordat? You see, I—”
She got no further because Rhisveri’s gust of laughter as he exhaled and rolled over, slapping his tail in the far distance, nearly blew her off her feet. Ryoka caught herself as the Wyrm laughed for a good twenty seconds, then, chortling, looked at her.
“You what? End the war for—you have your audience. I will call the others after this banquet. They have to hear this.”
He laughed at her as he dismissed her, but she wasn’t dead, and even if he laughed—he did listen to her. Ryoka wiped at her brow. Rhisveri was a difficult person to persuade, but she took this time to jog off and find Visophecin, Sophridel, or Fithea. Visophecin and Uzine first and priority.
