8.71
Page 21
When trouble came, when the worst happened, when there was dire need. Even if the sky fell down, or she came to another world. If she was facing a terrible foe, or doing a great deed. If someone proposed to her or she couldn’t bear the care of others or her mistakes, there was only one thing for Ryoka Griffin, the Wind Runner to do.
She ran.
 
——
 
Cara O’Sullivan found two children waiting for her along with a number of people after leaving the Court of Masks. Exasperated, she realized Ryoka had left Sammial and Oesca in her care.
She waited for the Wind Runner while defending herself with as much eloquence and charm as possible. She didn’t think Ryoka would run away after daring the concert…so where was she?
The bathroom?
“Excuse me, do you know where Ryoka is?”
Cara eventually stopped a [Knight] hurrying towards her. She had an eye for faces and as ‘Greg’ she had seen Dame Chorisa. Ryoka’s bodyguard came to a stop.
“Courier Griffin is—unavailable at this moment, Miss Cara.”
“Where? She just left.”
“She always does this!”
Sammial threw up his hands. But Princess Oesca addressed the [Knight], and Dame Chorisa instantly bowed.
“Your Highness, I am not able to tell you fully—but Duke Rhisveri has apprised me that all is…acceptable. I was sent here to inform you all that she will not be returning immediately.”
“She’s leaving. Again? Where? House Shoel? That’s a nice place, Oesca. You should go. But where is she?”
Sammial alternated between chatty and exasperated. Oesca lifted her chin.
“We will go meet her.”
Dame Chorisa hesitated, and the two children and Cara realized something was off. [Princess] or not, Oesca was royalty. But Oesca made one mistake.
She still assumed Ryoka was on the palace grounds. Sammial blinked, and his eyes opened wide as Dame Chorisa replied.
“I believe…Your Highness, that will not be possible. It is my understanding that the Wind Runner has headed south. She is flying towards Kaliv. Duke Rhisveri has informed me she had better be—she will be back by nightfall.”
Oesca’s lips moved as she processed that. But Cara was already dashing to a window. She leaned her head out of it and said eight words that Sammial decided to memorize and use forever.
Baron Regalius followed Cara’s gaze out of the window and shaded his eyes. The [Baron of Ceremonies] breathed as people looked up and pointed.
“Now that’s a Courier.”
 
——
 
Southwards, the wind blew. It was a quiet breeze around the great palace of Ailendamus, the heart of the capital. At first, it was gentle as it departed one of the spiral towers, each tile laid in a dancing color as the sun faded in the blue sky.
Over neatly tended palace grounds and people pointing upwards, the wind blew, accelerating. What was a breeze became a gale, and it passed over the capital city, bustling, flashing over the paved roads in a moment.
Orderly new stone and wood gave way to lush land, and then a forest where half-Elves looked up from their timeless retreats in the Kingdom of Glass and Glory. A breeze blew across their dwellings. They looked up and caught sight of the zephyr made manifest.
Squall, then gale, then tempest. Over another city, rattling shutters, but passing too high to do more than touch the rooftops and hanging gardens below with its passing.
