8.71
Page 11
That was something she kept abreast of so she understood how bad House Veltras being in the war was.
“They are tearing up all our Taima-damned forces, do I have that right?”
Oiena summarized the map of red marks where Tyrion Veltras had struck. He fought, according to the [Strategist] apprising her, incredibly well with his small force. He took out enemy commanders, was here, there—a perfect supporter to the Dawn Concordat.
“Yes, Your Majesty. And House Wellfar has sent a fleet to support their Citadel-class ship. We…are unable to pressure Pheislant. Indeed, we are now forced to battle purely on the land corridor. A secondary fleet has moved to engage Wellfar, but it will be skirmishing; we cannot take The Pride of the Wellfar in an open battle, so Pheislant and Wellfar’s fleets will fight under its aegis.”
And Ailendamus does not have overwhelming force at sea, yet. Their land armies were, in Oiena’s opinion, second to none if by weight of their numbers alone, added to the quality of their [Knights] and [Soldiers]. But at sea…
So two of the Five Families and Wistram were all in this war thanks to one Courier. Oiena knew the Five Families were, and she had information that put Eldavin as Ryoka’s benefactor. He had said as much in Wistram.
Yes, a great army was heading down through Kaliv, but complications were not desirable in a war, and Ryoka was responsible for all of them. Oiena didn’t like it.
She wasn’t Itorin. The [Queen] had debated bringing it up with him, but he seemed to like Ryoka. So she…debated taking other action.
The thing about Oiena of Ailendamus was that she really did feel like it was Ailendamus she had loyalty to. She was from the Taimaguros Dominion, a marriage that had sealed their alliance, but she hadn’t actually expected to marry Itorin.
The Taimaguros Dominion was—a bit odd. It was not like what a typical Terandrian kingdom, and even Oiena could admit that. For instance, she was actually a [Princess of Gura]. Who represented one half of the two parts of Taimaguros.
Gura and Taima. Hence their pithy oaths. Oiena had not been considered, as Taima had been in full power when the marriage was proposed, and she wasn’t even the first among Gura’s eligible. However, it seemed the previous [King], Itorin I, had seen something in Oiena, because she had been hand-picked as the candidate.
Oiena thought it was a good move, and that wasn’t even bias. There had been…less suitable characters. Another [Queen] might have literally only been there to raise children and appear at formal events.
Queen Oiena had more talents. For instance, she did have her own network of agents and informants. She used them at times to make sure things that needed happening in Ailendamus or abroad…happened.
For instance, on the latest list of her achievements she would never speak of was crippling the Circle of Thorns in Izril. Ryoka had helped with that, and Oiena was grateful.
But do I need to deal with her?
In truth, Oiena laid a lot of the blame for this mess at a certain Duke’s feet. Rhisveri. She didn’t know what to make of him.
He had always been odd, but she had put Itorin’s tolerating his presence down to brotherly love. Lately, though, she’d noticed how—authoritative Rhisveri was.
That confrontation over the [Knights] had been bad enough. She was the [Queen]. She tried bringing it up to Itorin, but he had told her to leave it.
“Rhisveri is particular about these things, my love. If you can tolerate it, let him have the [Knights].”
So Oiena dropped it. She was annoyed, but she had more things to do.
