8.71
Page 18
The other Merfolk leader looked at a glowing stone of water. Ryoka held her breath as a real argument began, and lifted one stone that glimmered like the very nature of grass itself. A breeze, forever blowing through the boughs of a great tree.
Nature.
She looked at the stone Dryad, Fithea.
“I am prepared to give them to you. They are irreplaceable, and I will never get more. But I am willing to. What do you say?”
Fithea was her last ace in the hole. The Dryad looked at that stone with all the longing in the world—but she jerked her head.
“I…I cannot say we should change our entire nation…for a stone.”
Ryoka’s heart sank. Damn it! Fithea sounded reasonable, as much as she kept glancing at it. Rhisveri exhaled and Ryoka saw his head snake around, counting opinions. He glared at Ryoka, but almost with a bit of respect.
“You won’t be able to shift an entire nation with a few magic pebbles, Wind Runner. We have sent our Great General of the Ages to battle. She will not lose.”
“But she will spend what will never return, Rhisveri.”
Gadrea murmured, and Rhisveri’s eyes flickered. For the first time, Ryoka saw him hesitate. The other immortals went silent, and Ryoka looked around.
“This…Great General is an immortal?”
“No.”
Half of them answered it instantly, but Paterghost murmured.
“Second only to us. She has the respect of all those here, and she sacrifices for each battle she wins.”
“I offered her retirement. She refused.”
Rhisveri retorted, but uncertainly. Sophridel whispered.
“Four hundred years of peace. Let her rest, and another generation take up her mantle when we are stronger. Four hundred years to build upon the bones laid.”
“Just one more battle. Calanfer is nearly broken.”
“Against House Veltras, Wellfar at sea, and an Archmage?”
“None can stand against her. The Griffin Queen and that quasi-immortal [Prince] could take the field and they wouldn’t stop her.”
It was odd. Rhisveri had a note of—was that pride? In a mortal? Ryoka’s head rose. She had never heard Rhisveri talking up anyone besides himself, or Ailendamus as a whole. But he looked around, and the discussion shifted.
Yet she sensed she was failing, and her heart sank. It had always been a long shot. Ryoka was trying to think of whether bringing up Rhisveri’s auction was sound—or would get her killed. Probably the latter, since it revolved around the scroll.
Then, Azemith, about to ask Ryoka something, flinched. She looked down, and Ryoka saw a flash of dark light. Almost black-light, if that made sense. Her ring lit up, and Visophecin and Igolze both checked amulets that turned dark.
Uzine and Gadrea had more—direct—warnings. Two screaming sirens emerged from Gadrea’s ring and Uzine’s earring. The Agelum shot up in a blur.
“Home is under attack.”
Ryoka had never seen a group react like this one. Instantly, Paterghost drew her sword and pointed it at Ryoka’s neck.
“Treachery—”
“We must return. Visophecin, your door!”
The Lucifen was opening it as Rhisveri rose.
“Who? What? Where—damn, I know where. I’m taking control of my body! Tell me who! Don’t all go, damn it—”
The Merfolk leapt up.
“Warn everyone—Igrith—”
“I have prepared teleportation. Do not leave. Stay together!”
What Ryoka saw was a blur as everyone, from Fithea to Sophridel, moved with speed. With the instinctual, practiced motions of people who feared for their lives.
Who had been hunted before. Ryoka froze as Paterghost pressed the tip of the sword into her neck, but someone grabbed it.
“Don’t be a fool, Paterghost. You, girl, with me!”
