8.71
Page 16
“Why must you invade? If you truly believe Ailendamus is better, why not be the shining nation that other people flock to? There are more ways than just violence to change countries for the better. If you see other people’s nations starving—why not send them food, clothing, and medicine?”
“For what gain?”
Rhisveri’s voice, which earned him disapproving glances from all. Cara calmly retorted.
“Does there always need to be a gain?”
“Yes, obviously—”
But he was cut off, much to his pique. However, Ryoka jumped in eagerly.
“That’s exactly right. Ailendamus does not need war with the Dawn Concordat. What about subversion by other means? Economic pressure. I don’t mean destabilization, but that kind of thing like unified trade embargoes are part of Ailendamus’ tactics already. But short of war, you could still possibly have bankrupted Calanfer or destabilized them to the point where—”
Cara walked past Ryoka and kicked her in the shins so fast that Ryoka shut up. She thought Cara had cracked her shin!
Visophecin looked very interested by the proposals here. As Ryoka hobbled away in her mask, she decided Cara could do what she wanted. Someone took her by the arm, and she looked at Rhisveri. He eyed her.
“Well, I can see you’ve made your argument. Come. You’ll have your audience.”
They left Cara and dodged Sammial and Oesca as Rhisveri and Visophecin made them invisible. Cara could try and convince the mortals.
Ryoka had another target.
 
——
 
The meeting was short, and Ryoka presented her offer to a group of immortals, some of whom she knew, others she did not.
Menorkel was not here, nor Gilaw. But Fithea, Sophridel, Visophecin and the Lucifen and Agelum and some others she had never met had joined Rhisveri. Among them were two of the Merfolk’s leaders.
It was Uzine who summed up Ryoka’s request.
“Stop the war with the Dawn Concordat. You’ll talk down House Veltras and Wistram, and we pull back our forces. Our fee will be sixteen obol-things.”
“Y-yes.”
The immortals looked at each other, then they burst out laughing, even the Lucifen, chuckling and hiding smiles, for the next two minutes. Rhisveri choked out words between guffaws.
“I told you—you had to hear it—”
Ryoka turned red, but she was used to the amusement of immortals, so she held her ground and waited. She knew it was a terribly long shot. But she had to try, and she had a few chances, or so she felt.
“I know it’s not worth what I’m offering.”
“A Dragonthrone for sixteen coins. Hah! You really understand nothing. That Dragonthrone is sanctuary and safety and more.”
Rhisveri stopped laughing and growled at her. Even the other immortals nodded. One of the Merfolk wore a Human guise for the sake of moving about on land. She smiled at Ryoka.
“Young woman, you may not understand it, but we crave safe places. Especially our kind. There are projects in the works, but the Dragonthrone does not belong to mortals. We could inhabit it without fear of being seen.”
“Among other uses.”
That was Azemith’s sly comment. Ryoka turned to her.
“I thought Calanfer was awarded it after the Creler wars.”
Rhisveri waved this off.
“Awarded because the last Dragons with a claim to that particular one died. Those Dragons just pawned it off. I want it.”
Ryoka and the others noticed how he said that. She turned to Visophecin and the Lucifen present.
