8.71
Page 0

May 12th, 2017. A day that was almost overlooked for a year. It would later become a timestamp synonymous with conspiracy theories, governmental coverups, and a worldwide crisis. Its nickname would be simply—the Melbourne Incident.
The Melbourne Airport’s logs would show—once they had been leaked by whistleblowers and people panicking over what they’d seen—the inexplicable.
Eyewitnesses would come forward to testify what they hadn’t seen. Which was their friends or people around them disappearing.
Young people. The logs on all the surveillance showed it too. One second they were there—then nothing.
No glitches. No ‘blips’ on the footage. Even someone with a phone, recording the incident by chance, just saw a person move past a young Japanese man, Kenjiro Murata, for the briefest second.
Then he was gone.
This was not the first incident, but what had been put down to some human trafficking incident or runaways, kidnappings with no ransom note, or worse, a serial killer or cult, quickly refocused itself. In an airport, with undeniable mass-evidence of what was going on, public opinion quickly focused on the event.
It transpired just as fast that a number of media organizations had known of the incidents, but they had been forcibly prevented from breaking the story. Multiple nations had covered up the incidents and looked into them. They had found nothing—or so they claimed.
But at this point, who would believe them? There had always been conspiracy theories. This—made every crack theory look like logical musings as internet sleuths, panicked rumors or false information—even faked videos and images—spread along with a true and genuine abduction of the young.
It had so many elements to it. Young people, but not children, were abducted. In a specific age range. Yet it didn’t matter how ‘safe’ they were. They all vanished, from the rich to the poor, to those who were in the company of protectors to ones who went for a walk.
In their own homes. Going to the bathroom. Worse, there was no one to blame. Oh, pundits and politicians and everyone blamed everyone else, but there was no proof. None of them returned.
Ryoka Griffin was considering how that must have all been. Then Rae mentioned the pandemic.
“The what?”
Oh, just something akin to a worldwide disease like The Black Death—albeit far less lethal—sweeping the world. Made far worse because now people suspected this was Phase 2 of some kind of plot or invasion. The Illuminati capturing children for a new generation and wiping out the old world?
Aliens seeding the way for a landing? The Rapture?
“Conspiracy theories are everywhere. It was insane. Even videos made for fun—do you know the Mandela Catalogue?”
“No.”
“Oh. Right. Someone made that, but people were convinced it was real. No one trusts what any news organizations are saying because half of them knew. So people were sharing that. Forget about masks. Everyone I knew thought the government was putting something in them.”
So you had a worldwide disease made worse by a refusal to comply with restrictions. Multiple nations all accusing each other of knowing…something. Actual abductions of the young people.
What interested Ryoka was that Rae, the bassist and one of the latest people to come from Earth in the year of 2021—had a better understanding of the economic impacts of all of this than most.
Greg, who was from 2019 and as annoying as Cara had pretended to be with her [Alter Ego] Skill, just talked about the ‘vibe’. Rae, however, had a father in the IRS and a mother who was a nurse. And she had gone to church.
