8.71
Page 13
As if that were a good thing! It was one thing if he said, ‘our [Magi of the Old Ways] have created an artifact to safeguard our precious daughter’. Quite another to say, ‘my brother enchanted this, and it is going to keep Oesca safe’.
Was he truly the greatest spellcaster in all of Ailendamus? Oiena had never heard where Rhisveri studied. She was…realizing there was more and more about Rhisveri she did not know, and Oiena didn’t like that.
However, in the interim, she put him aside to help mitigate the cost of his blunders. Tyrion Veltras and the Five Families threatened all-out war if Sammial Veltras were harmed or not returned.
The thing was—Oiena had been keeping abreast of the negotiations, and not once had anyone proposed sending the boy back. She somewhat understood; it had been a mistake to kidnap him. Now they had him, though, they wanted to negotiate from a position of relative strength.
“But does no one understand he’s a boy? Have a [Mage] from Wistram tour the palace. And make sure he sees young Sammial, alive and well. Possibly even in Oesca’s company.”
She gave orders as she rose for the day. One of the [Chamberlains] hesitated.
“We do have a [Mage], and Wistram as a whole is willing to take the broadcast request at a substantive fee, Your Majesty. It’s only…”
“What?”
Queen Oiena was willing to pay the fee to reassure everyone that Sammial Veltras was well. Showing Tyrion he was unharmed—even precocious—was an intelligent move.
But again—she heard Rhisveri’s name, and this time her teeth ground together.
“Duke Rhisveri has mandated that no [Mage] from Wistram will walk the palace unescorted. In addition, when the televised scrying began, he informed us that under no circumstances would anyone be allowed to scry the palace. Only His Majesty and royal events pre-approved would ever…”
Was he just controlling or paranoid? Oiena didn’t know either, and she had no context for why Rhisveri might be very worried that a [Mage] might…see something…without a chance to censor it.
So she snapped.
“I am Queen Oiena of Ailendamus. I overrule my cousin’s orders. Have the [Mage] tour Ailendamus.”
“Yes, Your Majesty.”
It was an order she would have serious cause to regret. But Oiena couldn’t have known that at the time.
 
——
 
Someone else who didn’t like Ryoka—or rather, Cara—was Sophridel. The Elemental of Masks found Rhisveri and Visophecin as they prepared for their meeting with Ryoka.
Interestingly, the Elemental was quite agitated. Which meant that his emotionless voice had the slightest note of distress in it.
“You must resolve this issue. I have given commands, but I have been ignored. It is Ryoka Griffin and the Singer of Terandria.”
Rhisveri rolled his eyes, impatient.
“Have they disrupted the Court of Masks again? I’ll resolve it. Let me see. [Nonlethal Lightning Bolt]. I’ll be right back.”
He strode off with his finger crackling with bright power, but Visophecin stopped him.
“What, exactly, have they done, Sophridel?”
The Elemental of Masks led them to the central, hidden place where they could see a distant gathering in the Court of Masks, where all could debate and speak equally. His voice was frustrated, indignant, and covetous at the same time.
“The Singer of Terandria. She refuses to wear a mask!”
 
——
 
Cara didn’t even know Sophridel’s desire for people to wear masks. She just refused because she was Cara.
She stood in the gathering of people who had no discernable gender, voice, height, or other features. Indeed, even Sammial, Ryoka, and Oesca looked alike.
