8.71
Page 3
The song was unfamiliar to her, but she was a quick study, and it had the same cadence as a modern song. It needed a bit of rearrangement, the melody and maybe the beat, but it was an amazing copy of an electropop song. Yes, some of that would make it work.
There was a brief moment of pause as someone inhaled. Then a voice quickly sang in a wonderful baritone.
 
“I~, I know it’s never just me alone.”
 
A bit of hesitation. Pure nerves in the voice singing with her. But just as Ryoka had said—Cara looked sideways at the half-Giant named Menorkel, or ‘Menor’ to his friends.
My should-be-dead gods, he’s a great singer!
The beginning of the duet was nervous, and Menorkel looked like he might pass out on the other admirers around Cara, but he quickly rallied as they began to sing the song that Ryoka mentioned he’d written and dearly wanted Cara to look at.
He’d nearly run away when she came to meet him, but Ryoka had told her Menorkel mattered. Of course, Ryoka meant it in the connection of immortals and Menorkel’s true nature.
Cara didn’t know any of that. What she saw as she looked at the half-Giant, swaying despite himself and singing his heart out with one of his heads, was…talent.
A kind of passion that made her feel artificial at times. She listened to the lyrics as they went on. Oh, yes, it even had the spirit of the song.
 
“I~, I have a secret. And it’s you.
I~, I know it’s never just me alone.
It’s been gnawing at me for so long
Because I’m not honest with them all;
It’s not one, but two.”
 
He’d written an entire song after hearing her. Yes, it was unpolished. Yes, it was a copy of the many different artists she herself was pretending to embody.
But his height! The half-Giant had a kind of casual style, and his insane height wasn’t as intimidating as that Great Knight Gilaw or other half-Giants that Cara had met. He wasn’t as tall, and he had that lanky look of a young man in his late teens.
Cara felt it. Her [Popstar] senses, which had never tingled, were screaming at her.
A nine-foot tall singer with a voice as sweet and deep as a barrel of molasses and the ability to project it as loud as she could with a mic. Winsomely awkward yet brave enough to sing with his idol.
If he were on Earth, I’d bet my entire fortune on him being a sensational singer. Or part of a boy-band. 
I want him in my band as an actual singer.
If Cara had known he actually had two heads and could have gotten over the shock of it and the secret cabal in Ailendamus, she might have tried to abscond with him right then and there. As it was, Menorkel looked like he was dreaming as Cara lowered the mic after the song ended.
“You. Are. Beautiful. Menorkel, that song is genius.”
She reached up, took his arm, and he nearly fell on a [Lady].
“Y-you think so, Miss Cara? Singer Cara?”
“Call me Cara. Yes, I do. We need to work on accompaniment, but my [Manager], Abebi, can mix music. Some kind of melody—but the lyrics? They are spot on. How did you come up with them?”
The half-Giant began to stutter, still looking like he wanted to pinch himself. Was this real? Cara just beamed up at him, genuinely smiling. This young man had a talent. More talent than she did. If nothing else, she was going to hone that.
Ryoka had dumped Menorkel in Cara’s arms, in a figurative sense, because it might matter. Cara decided to devote as much time as she could to the young man because he had a dream. And if there was one thing she could get behind, it was chasing any dream you wanted until you found yourself on the big stage.
