8.71
Page 9
She had a wide range from peppy pop to, more recently, a harder rock, even treading into metal. It was her persona—the Singer of Terandria was like an amalgamation of different celebrities into one.
Cara could do it because she was acting each part. And when she was on stage—she greeted the crowds and thanked Itorin II for letting her perform, every bit the [Popstar], a bit breathy, even nervous, delighted by the honor of performing.
She was good. But Cara had one fatal flaw, at least insofar as impressing Ailendamus’ true elite was concerned, and it was this:
She was lying. She had anti-truth spells, anti-appraisal rings, and all of that, but she didn’t fool the immortals. Rhisveri watched Cara with a look of pure boredom on his face during the charming greeting. He did tap his foot to some songs, and Cara had some of the immortals hooked.
But only by the quality of her music. Menorkel and Gilaw were dancing in what was close to a mosh pit at the front. So were some of the Merfolk and maybe other immortals.
The Agelum liked her music…the Lucifen did not. At least, Visophecin, who Ryoka saw while peeking around the curtains, was only politely interested. This is entertaining? Let’s institutionalize it, or create systems by which this can inorganically organically emerge. 
Fithea wasn’t even present, which made sense for a Dryad used to birds singing or something. Sophridel watched, but with less passion for this.
None of them were taken in by the Singer’s charms. They saw through artifice. Ironically, Ryoka’s raw, onion-like depths of pure Ryoka might be…Ryoka, but it was all her. That was why immortals liked her, if that made sense.
Cara had a thirty minute lineup, cut down because she knew her audience had a limited attention span. In truth, it had only been twenty-four minutes, with the four being her intro and outro speeches. But she’d added in a ten minute gap for two songs with breaks.
After twenty minutes, it was Ryoka’s turn. She barely heard Cara announcing her.
“—in honor of a new friend, and a daring Courier, a new song and style I hope won’t offend my esteemed guests. It is a bit more…aggressive than my other songs, but it fits the one and only Courier to defy the Assassin’s Guild of Izril. The barefoot Wind Runner, the—”
Ryoka really didn’t want to hear this. However, as she emerged onto the stage, she saw the effect was instantaneous.
Itorin II spat out a mouthful of food as he saw her. She waved at him as every head turned. Baron Regalius blinked, and people gasped at the outrageous…
Smile on the King of Ailendamus’ face. Because they knew each other. Even Cara gave Ryoka a quick look of disbelief. She hadn’t known that in Itorin II, there was a kindred spirit to Ryoka.
Someone who dealt with immortals. As for the immortals? Rhisveri took one look at Ryoka’s costume, sat up, and began to laugh. He didn’t stop laughing.
Visophecin just eyed Ryoka as Gadrea, Uzine, and the other Agelum began applauding instantly, cheering her look. Menorkel and Gilaw pointed, Menorkel with envy and awe.
Gilaw with something like approval. Sophridel just eyed Ryoka, and she wanted to explode. Literally explode or turn invisible.
She was never, ever going to live this down—but it was working. Everyone saw how Itorin smiled, how Cara knew Ryoka. The Singer took a breath.
“And now—in honor of the Wind Runner of Izril, my newest hit—The Phoenix.”
Thien was the only member of the band who actually played, Ryoka understood. Rae wasn’t confident enough, and Greg couldn’t. So the drummer’s playing was mixed in with the rest of the track.
