8.71
Page 12
Like this morning, spending time with Oesca. Oiena had decided to read her a fairytale and talk to her about her duties as a [Princess]. She made time for such things, and Oesca was happy enough when they sat together.
“Your tiara is made up of ancient metal, Oesca. Don’t let it leave your head; it is one of the most powerful protections on you. It is customary for [Princesses] and [Princes] to have such jewelry, you see. For instance, each Princess of Calanfer has a magical circlet that protects them from harm.”
“Mine does too, Mother?”
Oesca had never had to use it, so she touched the silver metal with a hint of sky blue—concealing its true appearance—with wonder. Oiena smiled.
“Yes. There is a point to your dressing and attire—which is why we must carefully talk about how you dress!”
One of the [Nursemaids] sighed in relief as Oiena pointed out the value in Oesca’s current attire. The [Princess] puffed out her cheeks.
“But Mother…I understand the tiara, but can’t I try on pants?”
“Maybe in private. But a tiara does not mesh well with pants. Let us go back to the story, and you may understand the significance. You see—your tiara comes from the traditions of old, when the first Hundred Families created their royal attire. Their crowns came from the chainmail of the last Cloud Giant. He was so large that the greatest [Enchanters] took his armor and, from the giant links, forged a hundred circlets and crowns to protect the royal children of Terandria.”
“Wow. Is that my tiara?”
Oiena shook her head, smiling as Oesca touched the tiara on her head wonderingly. Oiena, smiling in the private, royal quarters and dressing room where they were having a late breakfast—
Heard a snort. Someone kicked past them, grabbed a book from a shelf, checked it, slapped it into a bag of holding, and turned. Duke Rhisveri laughed at the [Princess] and [Queen] as he passed by.
“Hardly. Those relics are long gone, and they were definitely not each forged from a single link in a Cloud Giant’s armor. Do you know how big they are? Chain armor on a giant? Each link wouldn’t block any regular arrow! It’s all hyperbole. And enchanting doesn’t work like that. What, did they snap the enchantments to re-enchant each crown? Ridiculous. I’m going to have that tale stricken from the records.”
He stalked off as Oiena stared at him. She twitched as Oesca’s look of darling wonder turned to skepticism. She gazed up at her mother, then hopped down.
“…I’m going to go with Sammial to see what the Wind Runner is doing, Mother. I promise I’ll study more tomorrow!”
She ran before Oiena could decide whether to forbid her. Oiena put two fingers on the bridge of her nose and began cursing.
It was just as well one of the [Nursemaids] could shield Oesca’s ears from Taimaguros’ pithy phrases. The woman nervously approached the mother.
“Your Majesty, should Princess Oesca be with that young man? He could be one of those ravishing lords.”
She did not mean that in a good way. Oiena looked up and glared.
“Oesca has enough magic on her person to obliterate that boy. Just—go after her.”
She fumed as she got up. Rhisveri. The worst part was that he was important. Oesca might not have the ancient relics from the inception of Terandria’s kingdoms, but her tiara could probably eat a Tier 6 spell. Or better.
Not that she had ever needed to try it. Indeed, now that Oiena thought about it…Itorin had told her that Rhisveri had enchanted the tiara.
