8.71
Page 15
“Consider Kaliv as well. It is a fair nation of brave warriors—but the lowlands and highlands are sparse. Starvation is not unheard of in a kingdom during terrible famines, for all they have strong ties to Gaiil-Drome. But then—the half-Elves’ kingdom puts little of its forest to use. It sells expensive fruits and relies on Calanfer to manipulate the markets to enrich both.”
They were listing out the faults of each nation, and Ryoka winced as someone brought up the Thronebearers.
“More concerned with pageantry than defending the common folk. We have seen how ineffectual they are in war; Ailendamus has strived not to let a single citizen starve. All three nations of the Dawn Concordat say, when shortages occur, that those who die do so in service to the crown. They cannot protect those they are sworn to. Why should we hear any defense of such nations?”
Ryoka had a few choice responses, but hers were generally provocative and sometimes mixed personal insults into the debate. Cara, though? She waited until they were all turning to her for a response and spoke with a calm, clipped tone.
“Pointing fingers at each nation’s flaws can be done of every kingdom, empire, or city-state in the world. Even paradises have failings. What I know is that Calanfer has never declared war in the last two thousand years, only joined in the defense of other nations. Sometimes to its own gain, yes! But it is no warmonger. And I think that is a title that might fall at Ailendamus’ feet, if you will excuse my rudeness. Is this a war to benefit all, or to enrich the Kingdom of Glass and Glory?”
A short silence fell over her retort, then someone remarked thoughtfully behind a golden bat mask that Ryoka would have traded hers for.
“If the end result is that the people, from high to low, regardless of birth, are enriched over time, is that not an outcome for the better?”
Ryoka could see the faces behind the masks thanks to the trick she had taught Sammial—and now Oesca.
Viscount Visophecin watched Ryoka and Cara. The Singer turned to him with a smile.
“An interesting point, sir or madam. You may think you can rule Calanfer’s people better. Let us assume they are treated worse than Ailendamus’ folk. I do not know if this is so, but I will allow it for the sake of argument. Let us assume that after a year in Ailendamus, they find that they are better fed, the laws are more just.”
Visophecin nodded. Cara looked at him.
“…Even then, if you asked them, I believe they would choose to return to Calanfer. If you asked a poor [Farmer] or any citizen in Calanfer, I believe they would laugh in your face and choose their home over foreign rule. You may, of course, force them to a life of better treatment. But when they rebel because you have killed their family and friends, will you put them down with swords and spells?”
Ryoka really liked Cara. Visophecin seemed to as well, from the tone of his voice and the smile behind Sophridel’s mask. He paced left, and it seemed like Golden Bat was well known because people let him debate her.
“An interesting question. Let us assume, for the sake of argument, that a nation fails its people utterly. They starve in service to a crown that has neither law nor order, let alone prosperity. Is it not acceptable to invade as a, pardon the expression, humanitarian act? It may be despised in this generation, but what about in three?”
That was imperialistic talk, and Ryoka tried to speak up, but Cara got there first.
