8.71
Page 7
She strode to the door as Ryoka hesitated. She really wanted to make a break for it, but Cara cracked the door open.
“Abebi, time? How are we looking?”
Ryoka heard the [Manager]’s reply.
“Everyone’s good, Cara.”
“Define ‘good’. I just saw Rae throwing up over there.”
Abebi glanced over her shoulder.
“She’s good. I’ve got it. Just get ready for your part.”
Cara nodded and shut the door. She had the amazing ability to not worry about everything and delegate, like letting Abebi get the band ready and everything set up. All Ryoka could do was fly.
The Singer of Terandria was at full strength here, as the chattering guests flocked to one of the giant courtyards where food and drink were set up against the darkening sky. No less than His Majesty would be in attendance—but casually.
This was the Singer’s first big concert, and Ryoka realized she had really thrown Cara off what needed to be a spectacular moment. Everything aside, she was contracted to perform in Ailendamus for at least a week, and her reputation was riding on this.
It turned out this would not be a broadcast concert; Cara didn’t like Wistram’s mages rebroadcasting her for good reason. She got enough press, and trust issues aside, part of her sales were the uniqueness of her events. The rise of mass-media would take away some of her value.
“At least until I get royalties. No royalties, no system set up to accredit people for their work. Fame is literally their only payment, and we’re all worth more. That’s the one thing I agree with Ailendamus on. Okay…what are you doing with your clothes on?”
Of all the questions—Ryoka jumped.
“Oh shit.”
Cara pushed a bundle of clothes the [Costume Tailor] had worked up in a frenzy into Ryoka’s arms.
“I’ll turn my back. But if you’re going to back off and run away—now would be a really good time for me to know. We’re on in fifteen.”
She glanced out the window, and Ryoka’s heart began to judder in her chest. Now she had second thoughts and third thoughts and fifth ones that told her maybe this wasn’t a good idea.
How had Cara talked her into it?
“I…are you certain this is for the best?”
Cara turned to Ryoka.
“Ah, there’s the last-minute objections. No, Ryoka, you don’t have to do this.”
“Oh, well then—”
The Singer continued like a freight train rolling over a foot.
“I’d just have to improvise with fourteen minutes to go. Again. Here—get changed! Let’s keep talking. No, you don’t have to do this. But we both agreed that you’re well-known in Ailendamus. I’m not. I have my reputation, but people know you, so this is the best way to help me. Which we want to do. Your scars…”
She had just seen the scars from Ryoka being shot in the back. The Wind Runner saw Cara hesitate, then go on briskly.
“Don’t worry about anything other than what we rehearsed. Do we need to go through it again?”
“I’ve got it. I think. I just walk around and then use the magic to fly up. I can do that. It’s not hard. I mean, I control the wind, but if I make a mistake—”
“Breathe, Ryoka. In and out. Don’t worry. Even if you make a mistake, I can improvise around you. Got it?”
“Right…okay.”
It was true, the costume would, uh, attract attention. On multiple levels. And Baron Regalius, Itorin II, even Menorkel, Rhisveri, and people from the Court of Masks and more knew Ryoka. Viscount Visophecin—she knew a lot of powerful people.
She just really, really didn’t want to do this. Ryoka rubbed at the fabric. It wasn’t polyester or modern fabric. Had they actually gotten hide or something? She bit her tongue.
