8.71
Page 23
Her entire journey was actually long and somewhat boring—certainly cold. But it had certain highlights, from people waving up at her, spotting the Order of the Hydra she recognized, heading to war…
And attracting the attention of the forces engaged in this war.
 
——
 
Ryoka blew past a squad of thirty Griffins, massive beasts with giant talons and beaks. Big enough for multiple people to ride on. The ‘small’ ones were just large enough for lighter riders, but any one of them could just land on a horse and kill it.
And Halrac’s team hunted these damn things? Ryoka angled past them and then realized the Griffins had saddles.
Also, riders. One whirled, and a figure raised a sword.
“Halt! Who are—”
Ryoka shot around the Griffin Queen of Kaliv so fast she didn’t hear. She did see the Griffin Queen hot on her tail, though.
“Dead gods!”
A gigantic Royal Griffin and a woman with a huge spear—even longer than regular to let her attack from the back—dove after Ryoka. With her Skills, she actually nearly caught up.
“Who are you?”
“Courier! On a mission! Sorry!”
The two women screamed at each other. Neither one heard through the rushing wind. The Griffin Queen waved her spear. Slow down!
Sorry, I’m busy!
The Wind Runner waved her hand. The Griffin Queen’s mount was struggling to keep up, even with whatever Skill she was using; her escort was floundering, trying to catch both. Ryoka looked down and saw an army besieging a city on a plateau. They were camped far out of range, but giant bows were hammering the walls.
The Griffin Queen of Kaliv was fighting for her homeland. What she wanted of Ryoka was anyone’s guess, but she did not look like she was used to people telling her no, even Couriers.
She lifted her spear warningly, and Ryoka hesitated. Whatever the Griffin Queen was about to do never happened, though. Mainly because of the thin, crimson beam that shot through the sky and quickly targeted the wing of the Royal Griffin.
It danced on the wing as the Wind Runner, and the Griffin Queen, stared at it. Not just a red dot like a laser pointer. The entire beam was visible. It didn’t seem to do much, but Ryoka’s face turned waxy. Hadn’t she seen something like that before? It reminded her of Magnolia Reinhart when the [Assassins] and the ‘Great Mage Nemor’ had tried to kill her.
When she’d used her ring t—
The Griffin Queen dodged the railgun of energy. A blast of fire and energy hit the air as the wind itself screamed, and Ryoka went tumbling down. The Griffin Queen flew away, and Ryoka saw the ground coming up.
“No, nononono—”
She pulled at her parachute, but she was clipped to the glider! And the wind—
Slowed, and she felt her body suddenly drift downwards. Ryoka, in free-fall, suddenly drifted, dangling as the [Featherfall] spell left her falling. Down, down…
Towards the army of silver and purple and green, ranks of [Knights] standing to attention, horns blowing, halfway down the pass while a keep stood, under siege in the distance. Ryoka Griffin drifted down and saw the person who had fired the spell riding towards her.
Great General Dionamella of Ailendamus had been expecting Ryoka Griffin. The half-Elf was so old that Ryoka realized Eldavin and Archmage Feor were both pretenders.
True age was…her.
Ryoka realized the first moment she saw the General of Ages what Dionamella’s power was. How she fueled the ability to accelerate or stop time for an entire army.
“Rhisveri, you bastard.”
She whispered, and Dionamella tapped her on the head with her staff. Ryoka flinched, but the Great General just smiled.
