8.72
Page 12
“I did not hurt her, Ryoka. But there are dozens of her kind, aren’t there? How old does she grow? How dangerous would they be? They rule one of the largest powers in Terandria. They must be stopped. She eats people.”
“I know. Criminals.”
Eldavin’s brows snapped together.
“You know…? Criminals by whose standards? No—no, there is nuance here.”
He paced back and forth, then turned to her.
“It matters not. These are the rulers of Ailendamus, aren’t they? I had cause enough to oppose them—now I see. Do you know…Vampires? They are extinct, although I truly doubt that. But they once ruled with such terror that the world barely stopped them. Vampire Humans were bad enough. They could become Vampire Lords or Kings—those, though, had different names for them. A stupid system. Wyvern Lords. Goblin Lords. Vampire Lords. It comes from our notion of how to categorize threats.”
“Eldavin.”
He went on, ignoring her, speaking too fast, speaking over her. Like a lecturing old man, regardless of species. Ryoka looked at Paxere. She looked at Eldavin.
“Let me finish. Regular species becoming Vampires were bad enough, but have you ever conceived of a Vampire Kraken? Vampiric Selphids? Vampires of any species. And believe me—they only did a Vampire Kraken once. Even their own kind realized how disastrous that was when it ate its own kind, ate every fleet it could find, and—”
“Eldavin. You are a Dragon!”
There was a better way to say that. A better time. Ryoka didn’t care. Now was the moment. It had been bubbling in her chest the very moment she had walked into his tent, and she had been weighing the dangers. Trying to see him.
It came out now, as she stared at an immortal, a dangerous one who had tried to kill him…but a child, babbling under magic. At Eldavin’s paranoid gifts of magic.
At his morality and nobility changed by his forgetfulness.
The half-Elf stopped speaking. At first, it seemed like he was going to snap at Ryoka to not interrupt—then he heard her.
He staggered back. Eldavin clutched at his chest, and his eyes went wide. Ryoka thought he was having a heart-attack.
He just stood there. Frozen, panting, looking at her without words in his mouth. Stunned…and she felt her own heart beating painfully.
“You are a Dragon. You are better than this, Eldavin. Teriarch. What happened?”
The Archmage of Memory looked at Ryoka, and then his lips moved.
“I…forgot. I still cannot remember. I am trapped, Ryoka.”
He reached out to her and then stared at his hand. The half-Elf…the Dragon…Eldavin looked at the fragment of Teriarch and how Ryoka saw him.
At last, he knew.
 
——
 
Paxere sat, head in her hands. No longer babbling in her cell. She could not hear what the Wind Runner and Archmage were saying, but the magic was gone.
Ryoka and Eldavin sat back at his table. The half-Elf kept starting and stopping. When he did manage something coherent, he just said…
“Vampires. There were Vampire Dragons too, you know.”
Of all the things to bring up—Ryoka just shook her head. She felt like he was giving her another lecture, like he did in his cave, but it was Eldavin still. He was not Teriarch.
“What happened?”
“They were slain. Believe me. That kind of power mixed with vampiric nature? They were slain. I know it. I think I…killed some. I was not tempted. I saw the rot and obsession, the need for blood. You see, I can remember these things. Some of my memory is here. The rest is gone. Such as my true nature.”
She nodded. He was explaining how it came to be.
“How did it happen?”
The Archmage was shamefaced.
“…Would you believe I was struck in the head?”
