8.72
Page 0

Ryoka Griffin took one moment to reflect upon her failings on her journey to meet the Archmage of Memory.
Just one. Perhaps it wasn’t even a true failing. The thing was—
She didn’t kill people. She was neither good at it nor did she have the ability to look at someone and do it.
Even Persua.
No, seriously. Even Persua. Even that wretched girl who had broken Ryoka’s leg, tried to kill her by switching her healing potions for mana potions, and threatened Ivolethe.
Even her.
Ryoka felt that was a normal thing. People fantasized about murder all the time, often in mundane office or workplace settings. But the number of people who would actually act on that impulse were low.
Infidelity, drunken fights, accidents—that was one thing. But if there was one thing this world had a monopoly on, it was a different mentality when it came to death. There were soldiers on Earth, or people who saw death far too often.
Killing—be it monsters or people or ‘monsters’ like Goblins—was more common here. Ryoka didn’t want to do it. And she thought that was fine.
Yet there was a lot of blood implicitly on Ryoka’s hands if she could not stop Tyrion’s advance. He had not gone to war just for her, but Sammial, the very real threat Ailendamus posed, and the kidnapping. Ryoka was culpable in that from trying to steal from Rhisveri, but the greatest good she could do was get him to turn back.
Rhisveri was open to the idea. That was the role Ryoka was willing, wanted to play. However…she came to a rest on one of the flat plateaus of Kaliv.
The mountain range bordered not only the north, but parts of Pheislant and Gaiil-Drome’s south. Ryoka could see some very tall trees to the south.
Ironically, there was actually different elevation in the forest nation too. Some trees were distinctly larger; a different species that occupied one corner? It must be fascinating, but Ryoka doubted she’d find three friendly kings and a magic sword in there. Or a Nama.
Maybe? If there were anywhere to go, it was further west of Gaiil-Drome, but not to Pheislant on the western coast. Ryoka might stop, if she had the time, and look over the land that even Terandrians had not yet reclaimed.
The blasted kingdom of Silvaria, still filled with death magic, where the Necromancer had once been.
The wind blew a cool breeze over the flat ground, filled with sparse and rather unpleasant weeds. But Ryoka’s wrapped feet felt none of the pricker-thorns from the long, flat weeds bursting through the rocky soil. Their long needle-spines on dark green leaves kept trying to lacerate the soles of her feet. It wasn’t mean; just self defense to keep her from stepping on them or eating them.
It didn’t work, of course. From her toes to her ankles, Ryoka’s feet were covered by the fae-wraps. Ryoka could literally hop up and down on glass and not feel a thing.
A gift from the lands of the fae. Even the giant goat-herd native to Kaliv grazing nearby gave Ryoka a look of grudging respect.
For her part, she eyed the massive goats who would make a bull think twice about rushing them. They weren’t as large as bulls, but they would outnumber one angry bovine, and they had huge horns.
“What do you eat to get this big?”
The goats chewed down on the tough weeds. None of your business. She felt that was fair. There was a point at which Ryoka had to just…understand that Ailendamus was Ailendamus. Events were happening.
“I just have to do my part so I don’t regret it later. I can’t save everyone.”
Right on, sister. A possibly-female Goat gave her a bowel movement of approval. Ryoka sighed. It beat talking to herself.
