8.72
Page 19
“You have no idea what Eldavin could do. You think you do. You think you’re the greatest beings to ever walk this world. But he could bring you all to ruin. He was preparing for war, and if any one person can end your dream of Ailendamus, it will be him. He would have woken you with fire and blood, and the more he tried, the longer he stood against you, the worse it would have been. I did not want to see him stride through the palace and leave only ash behind.”
That silenced them. Because Ryoka had seen them, knew them, and she still claimed it. Rhisveri’s eyes flickered, but the Lucifen stood in silent judgment. Paxere sounded like Igolze, her voice distant and cold as she turned to Ryoka.
“Yet you could have reasoned with him. Did you try to change his mind? Did you ask or did you execute him in cold blood?”
Ryoka spat phlegm and bile and guilt onto the floor.
“No. No, I didn’t. I couldn’t change his mind. He fears death more than anything else. So I betrayed him. I thought…I hoped it would save his soul. He should never have gone to Wistram. He was right. There is one last great war that I could have ever asked of him. I hope he’ll forgive me. I hope someday…he’ll tell me I did the right thing. Perhaps he never will.”
She had known Teriarch, the Dragonlord of Flame. Respected him, hated his inaction, but looked up to him. She did not know Eldavin, the Archmage of Memory. To Ryoka, one was just a shadow parroting the body of the other. Hurting him without even knowing why. Ryoka sat down.
Eldavin was different than Teriarch. The two were linked, but one was a stranger and the other hostage to the first’s life. Eldavin had done nothing wrong other than exist. Still, she looked up. When she met Rhisveri’s eyes, she spoke to him, and only him, and all of them…but to him.
“In another time, in another world and another if, he would have been right here. Among you all. He would have protected you without a second thought and sacrificed everything to keep you alive. For hope. I couldn’t let him destroy his own kind. If he ever wakes, that knowledge will never leave him.”
A gasp ran around the room. Rhisveri just looked at her and sighed. He already knew, but Ryoka gazed at him and then the others.
“Please. Kill him.”
 
——
 
It was all about Rhisveri. But it wasn’t about him. Ryoka had just made her attack on Eldavin a worldwide event, dramatic, and Tyrion Veltras had seen it.
So had Magnolia Reinhart. And she took the worst of the worst from what she saw. She could only speculate what it meant until she spoke to either…but she knew.
As for Tyrion? He kept watching as Drassi discussed the fallout with whomever she could find—not Eldavin—and then the news cycle cut to a horrible, discordant view of…
Ailendamus.
It should not have, but Eldavin had ordered them to stop broadcasting now. And…well…Ailendamus had paid for the time slot. Promises had to be kept. So the audience, who had just witnessed a rather upsetting battle, were treated to the magnificent vistas of Ailendamus.
“The Kingdom of Glass and Glory’s capital seems far away from the front. But here I am in a rare tour of the palace. I believe that’s a real Pegasus in the background being groomed; Ailendamus does not lack for magical animals of any kind, as we’ll see, and they incorporate culture and knowledge from around the world…”
A [Presenter] was reading from a script, blissfully ignorant of the drama in the world. At the very least, the tour of Ailendamus was tone-deaf, but it had layers of horribility.
