8.72
Page 16
Then the blade moved and severed the Archmage of Memory’s head from his body.
There was so little blood. It was the cleanest cut imaginable.
She still felt it. Ryoka Griffin stood, arms shaking out of control as the body collapsed and blood began to run. His head lay there, lips still parted.
“I’m sorry. Please wake up.”
She hadn’t been able to cut him anywhere else. The Faeblade would have snapped like cheap glass on his enchanted robes.
Ryoka stared at her hands. She nearly dropped the Faeblade—but then turned to retch. He had to wake up. She had to—
No one had expected it. Not her, when she entered this place. Not Eldavin.
 
——
 
Not Emerrhain. The ___ of secrets, hovering in frustration at the edges of Terandria’s shores and trying to see past the wary defenders, frowned. His mouth opened as he sensed it.
“Did she just—what did she just do?”
 
——
 
Ryoka Griffin appeared in front of Paxere, looking violently ill. The Lucifen rose.
“You can tell that Archmage—what’s wrong?”
She could hear nothing, but she saw Ryoka checking the magical barrier around Paxere. She swung her Faeblade, yet it broke into a million pieces of dissolving light.
“Well, that did nothing. What…what are you doing? Where did the Archmage go?”
Paxere’s voice was uncertain. She had just felt his magical signature vanish. But that couldn’t mean what she thought it did? Then she saw Ryoka fumbling with the Faeblade. Ryoka motioned to Paxere.
Get back. The Lucifen backed up, and her eyes widened.
“What is that?”
The barrier broke as the Faeblade blasted the containment spell apart. The Archmage had made it well—yet Ryoka annihilated it. Paxere stuttered.
“That’s not an artifact—how did—?”
“We have to go. I just killed Eldavin.”
Ryoka rasped. The Lucifen girl looked at her.
“Huh? You…but I thought he was your patron.”
Ryoka didn’t answer. She just grabbed Paxere, and the Lucifen felt her connection with the outside world returning. Instantly, someone realized it.
“Paxere, report.”
“Is that you? Where’s that damned Archmage? He just stopped talking to me!”
Two simultaneous commands, from Visophecin and Rhisveri respectively. Paxere stumbled after Ryoka, stopped, and murmured a reply.
“Ryoka Griffin just killed him. I’m…I’m staring at his headless corpse.”
Visophecin went silent, but Rhisveri’s exclamation was deafening in Paxere’s head. Ryoka was peeking outside. Paxere backed away from both the Wind Runner and the body.
“We have to go. Can you get us back to Ailendamus? Tell Rhisveri to free Sammial. Or do it.”
“I…I can do that. I can open a gateway. The Lucifen’s way. Is that okay?”
Paxere looked at Ryoka. The Wind Runner turned, half blind. Was she crying? She still held the Faeblade.
“Yes. Do it.”
Paxere had the gateway open and was looking around the tent. Both Rhisveri and Visophecin were demanding clarification, and the Wyrm was also telling her to grab anything she could. One look at Ryoka’s expression, and Paxere was disinclined to.
“Should we just…?”
Paxere saw Ryoka hesitate. She swept around the room.
“No. Just go!”
“Rhisveri wants me to erase any recordings. If we can—”
“Fucking go! You can do it later!”
Ryoka shouted at Paxere, and the Lucifen went pale. With fright? The Wind Runner controlled herself and then realized—
Paxere wasn’t staring at her. Slowly, Ryoka Griffin’s head turned.
 
——
 
For a second, a sleeping Dragon drew breath. His eyes fluttered and his heart beat. Just once. Then—
