8.72
Page 3
She named it that, the Windsword, because it was good cover and it had come from the lands of the fae as much as space-faring aliens. But she never forgot what Oberon had said.
The time has come for you to do more than run.
The goats were getting tired of Ryoka’s crap—or lack thereof—by now, and the bright light she kept generating was hurting their eyes. It was getting dark. She was an uninvited guest.
They were just getting ready to eject her by literally ramming her off the plateau when she activated a different setting on what she now knew was a Hetshal-knife. The goats nearly went blind—took one look at what Ryoka had just created, and ran for it. Ryoka gulped.
“Okay. Okay. I’ve got it, Faerie King, aliens. But…who am I fighting?”
She had a feeling this sword wasn’t going to kill the enemies of Oberon himself. So. So…Ryoka stood up and, prepared, holstered the Faeblade. She took a breath, then leapt into the air to reach her destination by evening.
She had wanted to meet him. Feared the strange answers she’d gotten. Come to one terrible conclusion. But still.
When she found the Archmage of Memory, Ryoka Griffin was not prepared.
 
——
 
The Wind Runner landed in the Archmage of Memory’s camp and looked around, almost as wide-eyed as Flynn.
“Fuck me. Is that her?”
The Australian man breathed as he straightened. Pokey, his Needlehound dog, raced forwards, and Flynn called out.
“Pokey! No! Back!”
Heads rose at his shout, but Ryoka had already been seen. A [Mage] had escorted her into camp, and they’d nearly stopped her before Eldavin had told them to let her in.
He had spotted her. By now, there wasn’t a grasshopper on a leaf ten miles away he couldn’t spot.
The magic hummed in this camp, such that the Order of Seasons were complaining that some of their [Knights] who could see magic were nearly blind. Eldavin had told them to adjust their vision. Flynn was not used to this world, but he had the exact same look as the [Knights] and even Wistram’s [Mages].
He understood—
This was the age of legends come to life. He was one of the Earthers who had come with Eldavin to Terandria. In fact, one of the last Earthers in Wistram’s custody since so many had fled.
Flynn had a lot of feelings on that, including Trey never telling him what he was planning. But he had gone with Eldavin, and his reward was superhero armor. He didn’t feel like he’d lost out, but he wished he had gone with Trey or talked with the guy more.
Pokey sniffed the Wind Runner and raced back. As the dog with aggressively-pointy fur did, the [Mage] landed somewhat unsteadily next to Ryoka.
He had robes and was far, far less graceful than Ryoka Griffin. She touched down, one foot wrapped in some pale linen, coming to rest on the ground as lightly as a feather.
High Mage Telim landed like a frog in a squat and groaned.
“My back! I do not know how you do that, Courier Griffin. It’s clearly practice. And I get fairly disoriented in the sky. Well—just as well the spell keeps me upright. Someone tried to do a loop-de-loop and threw up. But since they were doing a circle, they hit themselves.”
Clearly, Flynn had missed some banter. The young man hurried over as he heard a female voice, not accented as he’d presumed, but American, replying.
“I—yes. Lots of practice. Be very careful at high speeds. Thank you, [High Magus], was it?”
Telim smiled.
“High Magus Telim, at your service. Terras faction.”
