8.72
Page 20
Like, for instance, the possibility of capturing an Agelum or Lucifen on screen. Or Gilaw doing something. Or Ryoka Griffin just walking out of a hallway talking to Rhisveri, or…
The sheer possibilities were endless. However, interestingly, the camera did not capture Ryoka Griffin and a Wyrm. Mainly because the recording crew were not allowed anywhere near the royal wing.
They did just happen to run across a [Princess] and young [Lord] racing about in a real display of youth, athleticism, and friendliness between cultures. Oesca had been briefed and stopped to give a charming smile and bow to the camera—but Sammial had not.
“Where’s Ryoka? She’s always running off! Who are you?”
He was kicking around, furious at being left alone—and the Singer of Terandria hadn’t even been entertaining! The camera focused on him as he was shown to the Five Families, and his father, to be well—and, well, Sammial.
“Wistram? I’m on the news?”
When the [Lord] heard this he was agog. He peered at the camera.
“Eh. This is boring. It’s just a scrying orb.”
He lost interest at once, shoved a finger up his nose, and the [Mages] were treated to a real close up of—
“Er…did you say Ryoka Griffin, young man?”
One of the Wistram [Mages] wanted to be a reporter for the Terandrian broadcast of Wistram News Network, and he could read [Message] spells.
The aspiring [Reporter] saw Sammial glance up, and everyone traded glances as Sammial wiped his hand on his coat.
“Yep. She has a room here. Want to see? I wonder if she’s back. Maybe she is. Sometimes there are all kinds of weird people in there. Naked people, Viscounts…she’s never boring. Oesca, let’s go check!”
The…implications of what he was saying aside, the [Lord] ran, and Oesca ran too, hiking up her dress and trying to run in heels.
Another proof that trousers were the more efficient mode of transportation! She quite liked Sammial, and even if her mother hadn’t asked for the moment, she would have followed the [Lord] around.
Ryoka was interesting? Sammial was interesting! He was unrestrained, and to Oesca, that was great.
Sammial yanked the doors open to Ryoka’s room—an unwise move—having the magical passkey, but found neither [Knights] nor anyone else inside.
The Wistram team was just running down the hallway—which was right next to the royal section where Rhisveri was—clutching at their sides. They were not in great shape, and the flustered [Presenter] had lost the footrace to Oesca and Sammial, who ran like children. Eternally quick until they dropped.
“Fecking idiot! That cunt isn’t here!”
Sammial happily bellowed, using some of Cara’s adjectives about Ryoka Griffin. The TV crew were debating whether they should stay on this topic or go back to the tour and the [Presenter] was dragging them back to a safe place when Sammial’s voice drifted out of the room.
“Oh hey. She’s gotten a present. I wonder what this is?”
A brief pause, and then Oesca’s voice was suddenly high-pitched, terrified.
“Sammial! My rings! Don’t t—”
Then—on live television—the entire screen flashed. Sound was lost. When, after ten heart-pounding moments, the vision was restored, someone was screaming.
Two bodies were lying there—Wistram’s crew. A dizzy face of a Human came into focus, and the [Reporter], looking dazed, reached for the scrying orb.
“What happened. What…was that a spell?”
His voice was the only audible thing. Someone began blowing a horn next, and then there was shouting.
“Attack! Magical—”
A roaring voice came out of nowhere, and then there were [Knights], rushing around. Servants screaming and panic.
