8.72
Page 13
Ryoka lifted her teacup to throw it at him, and he raised his hands.
“I was struck by a Truestone Golem, the most potentially magically-disruptive entity in the world. In battle. Cognita of Wistram hit me while I was unguarded, trying to undo the magics binding her to loyalty to that poor excuse for an Archmage, Zelkyr. It is still a poor excuse—but in context, it is what happened.”
Ryoka lowered the teacup.
“Cognita of Wistram? Why were you trying to free her?”
Eldavin sighed.
“I don’t recall. No, stop threatening me with porcelain! I don’t recall everything. Some of it is gone, but I can only assume I found her slavery abhorrent. She was compelled to love her creator, you see. Do you understand…?”
Ryoka did and felt sick. Yes, if there were ever something to motivate Teriarch to risk it all—it would be that. She looked at Eldavin.
“Can you reestablish the link? Fix it?”
“No. Not without going to my body. It’s like fixing something within a bottle. The link is severed so I, that is…Teriarch…would have to do it from the outside. Now I know. So that’s who I drew mana from.”
Ryoka was instantly alarmed. Eldavin clarified.
“I needed it to survive my battle with the Lucifen! I will be exceedingly careful. But I’m a Dragon. I thought I’d die.”
“And if you died in this body…”
He nodded.
“The potential for a simulacra spell, which is what I was sure I used, to kill the host is not impossible. Mind you, it’s rare. I am a Dragon. Well, thank goodness! I was worried I was something else!”
He laughed in genuine relief, and Ryoka started.
“What? You knew?”
Eldavin raised a brow.
“Ryoka, I am not blind. I noticed there were problems to begin with, but I didn’t know—a Dragon. It suits me. I thought I was a Unicorn or worse, some kind of magical plant or object that gained sentience! They can do that, you know.”
“I know.”
Eldavin eyed Ryoka, and she realized he’d picked up on that. Lady Patergost was a suit of armor that had come to life. She closed her mouth, but Eldavin leaned forwards.
“Ryoka, I understand now why Magnolia and you were so alarmed. Believe me—I can well imagine how nervous you might have been. Fear not. I swear I will head back to Izril, wake up my body, and the Teriarch you know will be back.”
Ryoka exhaled. She didn’t know what she’d feared, to be honest. It was still Eldavin.
“Good! Can you go now? Or do you not have the ability to teleport that far? I could…I have to go back, but if you can take me, I’ll go with you. And then can we see Erin?”
Eldavin drummed his fingers on the table.
“That’s a continent-wide jump. I’d need a ritual site. Which I can build. But I might as well use the Order of Seasons’. They have an inefficient version, but I can do it. You do know [Greater Teleport] is the most obnoxiously mana-intensive spell, don’t you? Scrolls are valuable, even to me.”
“Well, how long to get there?”
Ryoka rose and put her hands on the table. She was trying to think. Tyrion needed to stop his advance. She realized that they had to get Sammial to him or at least stop this impending battle, or Veltras’ part in it. Return Paxere, then—but how to tell them about Eldavin?
The Archmage was frowning.
“I think Valeterisa set up a teleportation network. I just ask her for the coordinates to the nearest one to my…cave? Did you say I lived in a cave?”
“It’s better on the inside.”
Eldavin shuddered.
“I should hope so! The High Passes. Why would I settle there? It’s dangerous—even for a Dragon! By the way—which color am I?”
“Er—brass.”
