8.72
Page 10
His lips parted, and he sighed so faintly she only sensed the air leaving his lungs.
“Yes. I suppose I have, haven’t I?”
He gave her a long look.
“…Am I that much worse than you remember me?”
Ryoka’s eyes stung. She looked at him, half-shook her head, and stared out the tent at the camp.
“No. I see what you’re doing and why. But the consequences, the risk—giving people magic? What’s your reason?”
Eldavin scratched a finger over the saucer, levitated up the teacup, and took a sip. He thought for a long time, then looked at her.
“Outrage.”
Ryoka’s head rose. Eldavin clarified.
“Outrage over petty people, wasting lives. Outrage over tyrants, or those who stand still and say nothing but shout loud when lives can be saved. If I hide away, I am culpable of doing nothing. If I do something, anything—I must do all I can. I hid until you dared me to try. When I did, I was ashamed.”
She opened her mouth, but Eldavin put a finger to her lips—or would have if she hadn’t recoiled. He went on.
“The second part is—fear. When these…House Shoel children attacked me, I feared I would die. I realized there was some group with power equivalent to mine—and they had longer to prepare. I am giving magic away because I need to combat them. See here.”
He showed her the scroll he was working on.
“Plans to improve the power of enchanting. To layer multiple effects or simply make what would be beyond Gold-rank enchantments today.”
“For who?”
“House Wellfar. They’ll be able to build better boats. Ships. Those giant tugboats. Nothing on the level of The Pride of the Wellfar—yet, but perhaps in time? I am giving them hints. It was part of their fee to enter the war, you see.”
“Why? Why are you pitting yourself against Ailendamus? For me? They’re not your enemies.”
Eldavin’s head rose and gave Ryoka a sardonic look.
“My dear Ryoka Griffin. Not even for you would I risk that much. I am a practical person. I would be less overtly aggressive after seeing the odds—and I confess, I thought it would be far easier yesterday. No. They offend me. That is it. Pure and simple.”
He rose, and Ryoka saw him gesture to the left rooms.
“No doubt you wish to meet Paxere. I hope you will tell me what you can. You are not prohibited from doing so by spell or Skill. As I said…”
“You would know. I’m aware.”
He half-turned, saw Ryoka standing, and hesitated. They locked gazes, and Eldavin strode forwards.
“Well then. Let me tell you what I have intuited and see.”
Ryoka followed slowly. She felt like she was in that dream-like state of almost believing this was fake. But knowing it was real. A sense of surreality, but she followed Eldavin, hanging on his words.
“I see a cabal of powerful individuals. Perhaps…no. I will not speculate, but a true power behind Ailendamus. So magically powerful that they put the Archmages of today to shame. Not, perhaps, this Paxere, but she casts magic as strongly, and if she is a child, I shudder to imagine how many and how powerful they are. What I see, then, Ryoka, are tyrants. Who manipulate their people into wars for their gain.”
Eldavin’s voice floated down the corridor as she followed him. He turned once, eyes flashing.
“I have fought that kind of injustice. I—remember—fighting, risking my life to end it. Once. Once, I killed my own people to end it.”
The Dragonlord of Flame. She saw him there, battling other Dragons. When? When the Walled Cities stood tall, and when Dragons ruled other species?
Crossing the skies of Chandrar, standing shoulder-to-shoulder with Humans like the Quarass? Eldavin’s voice was harsh, his gaze wrathful.
