8.72
Page 8
“No, thank you. I haven’t seen you in a long time, Eldavin. This—this is wild.”
That was the understatement of everything. Eldavin sat and gestured, and two teacups appeared and filled with some lightly-scented tea anyways. Ryoka pulled out a high-backed chair and sat. The Archmage steepled his fingers and shrugged.
“Yes, well. I took you at your word. Half-assing it, I believe? After I saw the mess Wistram was in, I confess, I lost patience.”
A slow blink was all she gave him. So he remembered that? Eldavin went on.
“Then you got yourself kidnapped. By a second powerful magic user. My entry into Ailendamus’ war was motivated by that and my personal distaste for the nation when I studied them…but it is an odd thing to see you here. I have countless questions as to how you left. But I am sure you can explain. And as I note—it is not truly an escape, is it?”
He had noticed the restraining bangle on her arm the instant he looked over. Eldavin reached out, and Ryoka stopped him.
“I think it will literally liquidate me if I try to remove it.”
The half-Elf nodded.
“Sensible. So I will deactivate the magic and remove it—or you may return, inert, depending on how you feel. It is perfectly safe; the magic is made well, but it is not superior to mine.”
Ryoka hesitated, then nodded. So he began to work on the bangle; she lost track of the magic he was using in the first minute. It was so complex, yet he kept up the light banter with her.
“Magnolia Reinhart did speak to me as well. She was rather odd. Or found me odd, I suspect. I must imagine after our last conversations you felt the same way.”
“You…did refuse to do anything, even stop a Goblin Lord. Now you’re handing out Tier 5+ spells like they’re candy.”
The half-Elf laughed softly.
“Thank you for being direct. I—dislike admitting it, but I may have been wrong.”
That sounded so much like him that Ryoka lifted her head.
“May have been?”
Eldavin exhaled and glowered at her. She imagined a Dragon huffily blowing smoke in her direction.
“I was wrong. In part! I stand by my statements, but it is a disgraceful situation that Wistram is in. Morally and magically bankrupt. They treated the children of another world like toys and frankly—their own number as well. Did you hear about Archmage Amerys escaping?”
“Nope.”
Ryoka bookmarked this for later, and Eldavin gave her the briefest of rundowns.
“Another issue. The King of Destruction, other people discovering Earthers—just this morning, someone finally deigned to mention how many were in the Blighted Kingdom. Too many to be coincidental or even accidentally discovered. Well, Silvenia, the Death of Magic, might well be behind your appearances. I noticed the magic twisting towards Rhir, but I thought it might have something to do with your meeting the fae.”
Ryoka frowned deeply as she took a sip of tea despite herself. Eldavin kept poking the solid crystal bracelet. He looked up, though, and spoke slowly.
“…Did you find what you wanted? Your friend? Ivolethe?”
“I did. But I didn’t save Erin. Actually, trying to find a cure landed me in this mess.”
His gaze softened.
“Ah. Fae rules and logic. Nothing without a cost. I told you that—but perhaps it’s all part of one of their little games. You were there. You heard that all the pieces are in place. Your friend will live.”
The Wind Runner looked up and talked to him earnestly. At least about this.
“Do you think that [Doctor] is right? It’s not grand magic.”
The Archmage harrumphed.
