8.72
Page 9
“It is intelligent, a collection of many high-level parts, and I saw no flaw in it. Not everything need be solved by the highest-leveled spell, my dear.”
My dear. Ryoka stopped…and nodded. Eldavin watched her and took his hands away from the bangle.
“I’m done.”
Ryoka eyed Rhisveri’s bracelet, still hovering around her arm. It still glowed and looked the same as before.
“What? Just like that?”
For answer, Eldavin tugged at it, and it floated off Ryoka’s arm. She jerked, and he handed it to her.
“Adeptly made. I will own, superior spellcasting. But hasty. You understand? Whomever made it—Duke Rhisveri, I presume—assumed no one was capable of matching his expertise. So he spent little actual effort.”
Ryoka shook her head, almost smiling.
“He is going to hate that.”
“So you are speaking to him. He is not—forcing you to be here. Or rather, you are more messenger than prisoner I hope? Has he done anything?”
Eldavin sat back, and Ryoka looked at him. The Archmage of Memory’s gaze was sharp on her face. Ryoka hesitated.
“That is a hugely complicated problem. I hope you can appreciate that?”
Eldavin snorted, but softly.
“My girl, I am used to any mess you could envision. Including this one. Even the cadence of your voice is so familiar…”
He trailed off. Before Ryoka could go on, he held up a finger.
“Let me first say a few things. Firstly, no one is listening to us. No one can. Not ghost nor powerful spellcaster. Not even the Death of Magic. If anything does watch us, it is so unimaginable to me as to be beyond even him. The Faerie King himself.”
“That’s a bold claim.”
Ryoka sat up, heart beating faster. Eldavin just nodded at her.
“It is, but I recognize fae-gaze as well as the eyes of the dead. You can see them, you know. Not just ghosts.”
“I…did not know that.”
Eldavin waved it off.
“They keep trying to spy. Or others do. Actually, I could write a list of observers, ones I recognize and those too powerful to trace. But nothing is here. Not even the dead. There was a particularly ornery ghost in Wistram. I only realized it later. But I’ll just turn the academy into a null spot where it can’t inhabit. Cruel—but ghosts are like that.”
Ryoka blinked at him. No fucking way. Eldavin went on, flicking another finger up.
“Second, I appreciate how dangerous this Rhisveri character is. Not just him—you must know I ran into eight exceptionally dangerous…people. People that I do not know. Perhaps I’ve forgotten them, but they were truly, amazingly deadly, if not as powerful as Rhisveri. I nearly died.”
A tiny flutter in his voice, and he took a breath.
“I nearly died, and believe me, that was a terrifying moment. I underestimated my foes, and I will not do so again. Hence the paranoia.”
He waved a hand around the entire camp. Ryoka just listened as Eldavin looked at her.
“You’ve come because of that young woman. If you are being coerced—if that [Lord], Sammial Veltras, is in danger, I urge you to tell me whatever you need. Because, Ryoka, I can protect you here. I can lean, diplomatically, on Ailendamus, perhaps even exchange prisoners. But I cannot protect you outside of my immediate location. I would like to talk and be honest. Can we do that, or have you more reservations?”
He looked at her with genuine concern. She believed it, in every line of the way he looked at her, the way he sat, a bit too far forwards, the tone of his voice.
Yet she just looked at him.
“You’ve changed, Eldavin. You wouldn’t do this—teach all the [Mages] this magic. Never, you told me. Never.”
