8.72
Page 5
“I’m a bit overwhelmed too, Flynn. Hi, Pokey, is it? That [High Mage] is using [Levitation]? Not [Flight], he said.”
“Yep. That’s Telim. A good sort.”
Ryoka nodded and glanced at Flynn.
“He seems that way. You know, [Personal Levitation] is considered a Tier 5 spell. It’s also complex enough—especially if you get it wrong—that virtually no [Mages] in the modern era use it. Only [Grand Mages] would be expected to know the spell. Archmage Valeterisa is the only [Mage] I have ever personally met capable of casting that.”
Flynn blinked at her rather in-depth knowledge of magic.
“I dunno about the specifics, but all that’s changed with magic. Archmage Eldavin’s been revolutionizing spellcasting for everyone. Even I’m thinking of picking it up—but I like the armor. Do you…know about that?”
He nodded to the gleaming stand of armor that he’d been working on, customizing elements to his liking. Ryoka gazed at the suit of plate armor, magically enhanced to let the wearers fly, cast lower-tier spells, and perform other magical feats. They had weaknesses; you could run out of casting power, and you weren’t invincible…but it turned any volunteer into someone on-par with a Level 30 [Warrior], if not in powerful Skills, then in utility.
She nodded briefly and looked at Flynn.
“The entire world saw it. I cannot believe my eyes. Oh—hi.”
“Are you from Earth? Oh my god!”
Someone ran forwards, and Ryoka Griffin was caught in a desperate hug. Flynn lost the chance to talk to her as more people came to introduce themselves. He wanted to catch her and insist they sit down and talk. Something about the way she’d looked when he mentioned Melbourne…
High Magus Telim came back for Ryoka, puffing and saying the Archmage would see her now. Not just him; the Summer’s Champion, Greysten, had spotted a Courier coming in and had requested a spot—after Eldavin.
“I have to go. I’m sorry. It’s great to meet you all…I want to chat. I really do. If possible, I’ll definitely stay and talk.”
Ryoka had to pry herself free of the others. She turned to Flynn, and he nodded reasonably as Pokey begged for scraps from Telim, the infinite bounty of food.
“No problem. I understand—a girl’s gotta fly, right?”
For the first time, she actually blinked and grinned at that. Ryoka gave Flynn an honest smile, breaking out of the blank look as she saw all of the magic and Eldavin’s faction around her. Just for a second.
“Absolutely. Melbourne was where you came from?”
“Yep. Have you ever been there?”
“Uh…some airport in Australia. I was young. Tell me—Flynn, right?”
He nodded. Ryoka pointed at him.
“Do you know a ‘Daly Sullivan’?”
The mention of his best friend’s name struck Flynn speechless. Everyone else looked at Ryoka as he surged forwards.
“Do you know Daly? Where is he? Have you met…?”
Ryoka shook her head and kept shaking it as Flynn realized he had to let her speak. She looked him in the eye.
“All I know is that he got grabbed too. People noticed you were missing. He might be somewhere in this world. If…”
If he’s not dead. Flynn stood there and felt a mix of hope and dread. Ryoka pointed at him.
“We’ll talk once I get out of there.”
“Yeah. Definitely. Thank you—thank you for telling me.”
He watched her go. Ryoka trotted into the Archmage’s tent, and he wondered who the heck she was. She had gazed at this amazing display of magic without losing her mind. As if she had been stunned—but not surprised.
Flynn had seen monsters, survived in Chandrar, and befriended Pokey in the time he’d been here. He’d gone through some very rough patches and seen a lot of good and ill.
