8.72
Page 21
But through it all, the [Reporter] pressed forwards, one thought in his mind. And indeed—everyone’s mind.
The two children. What had…?
The blast had taken out most of Ryoka’s room and part of the palace. It left only open air, and the dust and debris was such that nothing was visible at first. [Bodyguards] rushed around, but it was the [Reporter] who followed a [Nursemaid] who leapt into the dust and began digging, heedless of the dust and cuts on her hands from the shards.
“She’s here! She’s right—”
The [Knights] joined her and furiously began digging. As the shaky camera watched, a figure appeared out of the dust. No…
Two?
Lord Sammial Veltras and Princess Oesca of Ailendamus lay there, unconscious, Oesca bleeding from her nose.
But unharmed. The [Princess] had clasped her arms around Sammial Veltras, and her tiara was cracked down the stem. The protective magics had shielded them both.
They were alive. More than that was unclear, as a [Knight] noticed the scrying orb, grabbed for it—and everything went dark. Queen Oiena’s first royal broadcast of Ailendamus and Sammial Veltras’ clear and unequivocal wellbeing turned off as Tyrion Veltras watched.
The wine cup rolled around on the floor as the [Lord] of House Veltras inhaled once. A shuddering breath of someone who realized his son was still alive. His heart was still intact. Then the quiet [Lord]’s head rose, and a sword rasped in its sheath as he drew it. There was no foe in front of him, nothing but the shocked exhalations, the gasps and choked sounds of his family.
But Tyrion Veltras swore that the blade that he held under the grip that ground his bones against flesh and metal would not be sheathed until he was holding his son.
As for Queen Oiena? She took one look at her daughter, dazed but alive, bleeding in her home, and made a simpler oath:
For this, someone would die.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Notes: Day 4. So. Where it went wrong was Day 3.
Not the story. The story…I will let you discuss on Reddit, here, Discord, and wherever. It’s not over, but we’re getting there. I wonder how you’ll feel at the end of Volume 8? But we are moving fast for it.
But back to my writing of these 7 days. The flaw was Day 3—I wanted to have the Eldavin section in there.
Which I failed, and this entire chapter resolves that. True, I did make it a full chapter, but it’s messing with my timelines.
Nothing for it, though. I have to do what I can, and I was not about to write another chapter as long as this one. This is live-writing, web serial writing, and it changed based on factors besides the actual writing itself, if that makes sense. If I get sick, I write when I’m sick.
Or I dunno, die, but that’s an outside chance. Hopefully I’m a simulacra and when I get to my real body I find out I’ve been taking it easy this entire time.
I’m not sick. This is an analogy. Hope you…hm. I’m not sure enjoy is always the right word. Hope you find it worth reading, and I’ll see you tomorrow!
 
Domehead by Enuryn!


Portfolio: https://enuryndraws.art/
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/enuryn
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Enuryn_Nat



(Full-size version here)
 

