8.72
Page 6
He wondered what she’d seen if she didn’t blink at this. Then Flynn thought of his friend. And wondered if Daly were still out there. If he were—Flynn would find him. After all, he had magical armor.
 
——
 
Ryoka Griffin had seen a brass Dragon, scales gleaming like a different kind of gold, in a cave too small to truly encompass him, surrounded by wonders.
Multiple times, mind you. There was no experience she could ever equate to her first meeting with a true immortal, even as he was.
She would never forget that. As she trotted through Archmage Eldavin’s camp, though, Ryoka realized something.
She had seen a majesty of old, a legend hidden away and napping.
This was like seeing it all in its fullness. Like a flower that had closed as it slept—in full bloom, Eldavin’s power was all around her.
The Wind Runner was shaking so bad she was surprised no one saw, especially Flynn. Was it right to tell…?
Don’t think about it. Do what you believe is right. She believed telling him about Daly was right. Maybe tell him about Cara?
…No. She looked at the person in armor practicing flying over her head.
“Gravity magic. Nothing as adept as using wind currents to fly. Grand Magus—excuse me, Archmage Eldavin did point you out as a lesson in proper flight. He is a superb flier—the Garuda can’t match him, you know. We rely on telekinetic and gravitational magic. We fly like Drakes, in short.”
Telim was showing her up the hill to Eldavin’s…tent. It looked more like a magical fort, and Ryoka was sure the inside had dimensional magic.
The wind told her that; it was far larger on the inside than outside. She turned to Telim.
“And Eldavin made that?”
“In his spare time. Hah! It took him a single day to design the armor, and we were prototyping it within that span. Not that he didn’t have something to work off of. A young man from Earth—Aaron?”
“I know him. He made it?”
“He designed the concept. But I think it’s based on some concepts from your world?”
“Superheroes. Yes. Iron Man?”
Telim chuckled, and Ryoka felt so incredibly odd speaking to someone who got any reference from Earth.
“Wonderful movie.”
“You’ve…seen it?”
“Yes! We have multiple devices from your world. The Archmage has even speculated about using memory magic to let people share more stories. Safely, of course. But that’s just the man, isn’t it? What you can think of—he can do. It’s the Archmages of old, coming to the present. I must tell you, I’m a fan. But I take it you know each other, so look at me blathering. Do excuse me.”
“Not at all.”
Ryoka was surprised at how cool she was. Even inside. It was like someone had taken their hand off the Ryoka-panic valve. Or it had overloaded and she was just…looking at it all.
Magic unleashed. She compared this with the scope of magic she knew. It was not hard.
Let’s take…Ceria. Or no, Falene. A proper, Wistram-trained Gold-rank. Practically at the highest-level of [Mage] you could expect to find. A semi-renowned name.
Or Grimalkin, even. Capable of fighting a Frost Wyvern Lord. The Strongest Mage in Pallass.
Neither one could fly. Maybe Grimalkin could cast the spell—but Ryoka suspected he considered it a waste of mana when he could run and too slow.
But could he create Golems? No. And these were new. Neither one could permanently just…create a building when they wanted to.
The thing that struck her the most was the armor. Flying armor that could let you shoot lightning bolts.
“Eldavin made that. How hard is it for him to make…any of this?”
Telim scratched at his beard.
