8.72
Page 11
“They threaten me with death if I expose them. But if I expose them—that is a risky move. Other nations are already watching Ailendamus. Perhaps we fight in the shadows, things unsaid, but I oppose them. I suffer tyrants, and I have seen and left evil unopposed like the Necromancer. But evil that does not end—do you know Nerrhavia? The immortal tyrant?”
“I’ve heard of her.”
Ryoka whispered, though she didn’t know the Chandrarian tales. Eldavin hesitated as they came to a door.
“…I see how dangerous it could be. But forgive me. I have taken drastic measures, arming children with weapons and ideas from your world. I will not condone that which will change this world for the worse. But sometimes we must unveil all we have to combat evil.”
She just looked at him. The door was plain, and probably enchanted, but Ryoka reached out and turned the handle. Eldavin watched her as she hesitated, then opened the door himself and stepped inside.
Paxere’s cell was no dingy dungeon with moss and cracked stones. There were no implements of torture. The room was actually pure white.
A void. Nothing to grab or see or use. She sat in a circle of magic, without chains or other restraining objects besides…spells.
But she was a prisoner. The instant the door opened, Ryoka heard Paxere’s voice. The young, arrogant Lucifen was speaking. She stopped and heard Paxere, not precisely enunciating words, but speaking so fast she tripped over herself, a string of nonsense, of phrases of…
“—not qualified to judge, Mother? Igolze was younger. You said yourself you don’t agree with all the decisions. How am I to prove myself with stifling—Sariant Lambs are so pretty, Razia. I love them. Yes, that is irony—the value of sugar because of the Baleros monopoly—Menorkel, just tell Rhisveri you don’t want to train—”
She was switching from topic to topic without pause, and her head was lolling. The Lucifen girl’s gaze was unfocused, and Ryoka saw a healed stump where her pointer-finger was missing on her left hand.
Her horns were visible, and her Devil’s tail. The grey-skinned young woman neither saw nor noticed Ryoka and Eldavin as Ryoka came to a standstill.
The only other objects in the room were a sheet of parchment and a quill, which took down her entire confusing dictation like a blur. Eldavin lifted a hand, and Paxere’s voice muted, though her mouth kept moving.
Ryoka stared at the Lucifen, and her skin crawled. Now she felt sick. Now the shoe dropped.
“What have you—”
Eldavin was watching her. Carefully.
“[Babble]. A superior version of—it doesn’t matter. She has a death spell on her if she reveals anything important, but she refused to answer any questions, and I did not wish to…torture her. But I did have to know. I know there are more—that Rhisveri and this ‘Visophecin’ are among the best. I have a list of names, and I understand how dangerous she is.”
Ryoka just looked at Paxere. Then at the Dragon.
“Dangerous.”
He nodded, almost blocking her vision of Paxere. He looked…guilty.
Afraid.
And wary. Of her.
“Yes. She is actually immune to Tier 1-2 spells. Which is not astonishing in and of itself, but her resistance to magic is one thing. I believe she is strong, innately talented with darkness and fire magic, and capable of using some kinds of abilities or shared powers I don’t know. She is weak to light. And a certain…chaotic subset of magic.”
“How do you know that?”
Eldavin folded his hands in his robes.
