8.72
Page 15
“…Can influence the host. The trauma of the death or injury matters, Ryoka. But I’m a Dragon, not a giant, ten-thousand year-old Sage’s Grass plant. Why, I can imagine Cognita might have killed me badly enough if I really just stood there, but a mundane wound?”
Eldavin grinned and brushed down his robes.
“Not that I am likely to take it. But they would have had to hit me as hard as they hit Lesegoth!”
“Where’s that?”
Ryoka’s head was low. Eldavin was chattering on, relieved, even energized.
“Another fragment of memory. You know, I have all this useless information about Warmage Thresk? I must have added it to my memory here so I could tell you. A mysterious fellow—Albez was wiped out by some horrific beastial creature, and Thresk I think was eaten along with a nearby tribe before a Gnoll slew it. One of those old stories. But, ah, the other great [Mages] of Albez didn’t all die. In fact, his closest companion, I think his lover, the [Temporal Mage]…Udatron? He vanished in the last battle. [Time Mages] do that sort of thing. Useless. Where was I? Lesegoth?”
“How hard did they get hit? Why does this matter, Eldavin?”
The problem was, Eldavin had true stories. Fascinating stories. All he had to do was turn and say…
“The City of Shields. The most defensive city of the Drakes ever built. Dragons like me failed to take it. You know Manus? Still around? It had nothing on the City of Shields.”
“But someone still destroyed it?”
Eldavin scoffed at Ryoka’s raised brow.
“Just listen. Every city can simply be overwhelmed by too many high-level foes. Yes, countless armies had besieged it for over three decades when the final blow came. After all that fighting, the highest-levelled individuals—and immortal beings—dealt the final blow. They launched a volcano at it.”
“…A what?”
“An entire volcano. Ash, lava—”
“They threw a volcano at the City of Shields.”
Eldavin chuckled. But there was a note of sadness in his tone, and he and Ryoka stopped and heard it. The Archmage of Memory grew somber.
“No. No, that was not how Lesegoth fell. It survived. So then the greatest [Alchemist] of that time used a grand experiment with devastating effects. It turned every ordinary bit of metal into something that exploded when it reached contact with the air. Or maybe it was just…unstable. Every scrap of metal in the City of Shields. Including the elements in the body.”
Ryoka’s blood chilled at the notion. Now, Eldavin was caught in the memory.
“Yet still the City of Shields stood, in wreckage, defiant. Still they held. Then—and only then—the combined armies cast a Tier 9 spell. And Lesegoth fell.”
“They cast a Tier 9 spell? None of that was…?”
Ryoka’s head rose. Eldavin shuddered, shaking his head and turning away from the vivid memory he must have seen.
“Yes. They offered the Drakes every chance to surrender and leave without retribution. They refused.”
“So someone would have to hit you as hard as that to kill you?”
Ryoka’s voice was incredibly sarcastic, and Eldavin turned his head to glare at her. He searched around for the [Message] scroll he had been talking to Duke Rhisveri with. Was he…? He’d have to get it out of Ryoka.
“I’m sure you know hyperbole, my dear. It’s an analogy. I can’t survive that kind of trauma, but Dragons survived fistfights with Giants. I will be careful not to give myself that kind of shock. Short of that? Tsing. I won’t fear—”
Eldavin stopped talking abruptly. His eyes unfocused. He didn’t see, as his eyes stared vacantly ahead, the brilliantly pink blade made out of light protruding from his neck.
