8.73 R
Page 5
“On my honor, Ser Solstice, I will not let anyone remove it. The Order of the Hydra seems honorable; they’ll not pry. But it may be a stand to the last, either way.”
“Yep.”
Both Spring Knights waited for more, but Rabbiteater just rolled his shoulders. He was ready. He watched Talia for a hint of where he’d be fighting. Battlements? His axe could do a lot of damage if they were coming up on the ladders.
Amid the babble of discussion, people greeting each other, panting, requesting news of where Calanfer’s forces were, and how the Order of Seasons and Pheislant had got there, a sudden bubble of silence emerged and swept the room. Rabbiteater saw everyone stop talking, turn, then kneel.
Meisa and Markus did likewise, and Markus tried to pull Rabbiteater down. The Goblin shook off his hand, and so he was the only one not kneeling as three figures entered the room.
Princess Aielef, Princess Vernoue, and Princess Seraphel of House Marquin, daughters of the Eternal Throne of Calanfer, looked around the room, saw Rabbiteater, and hesitated. But Princess Aielef, chin raised slightly, voice imperious, addressed Talia as the [Knight] rose.
“Dame Knight of the Order of Seasons. Whom do I have the pleasure of addressing? I am Princess Aielef of Calanfer. 3rd Princess to the Eternal Throne. I regret that we have not met under more auspicious circumstances, but I offer the safety and friendship of my keep to your forces.”
“Rabbiteater, kneel! They’re [Princesses]!”
Markus hissed up at Rabbiteater. The Goblin just folded his arms.
“Don’t want to.”
His legs hurt from running alongside his horse. He saw all three [Princesses] eying him—and Calanfer’s people with considerable anger—but he was busy scrutinizing the three.
The [Princesses] were interesting. Each one different. They all had red hair…but the shades were slightly different on each.
Princess Aielef had bright, brilliantly fiery red hair. Vernoue’s was far darker with strands of purple, and Seraphel’s a mix in between. Red hair was interesting to Rabbiteater because no Goblins had it, obviously, and he had only seen a few people with hair like that.
They sort of looked like Lyonette? Well, all were older, but Vernoue was the youngest by far. Aielef and Seraphel were in their thirties, but late, and early thirties respectively.
You could also probably categorize them by height. Seraphel was second-tallest to Aielef, who was close-ish to what Markus would have probably called ‘willowy’, and Rabbiteater, ‘underfed’. Vernoue was bookish, like Olesm, and Seraphel looked just sort of middle ground. None had much fat, which Rabbiteater put down to the [Princess] thing.
They looked rather like the picture book stories of a [Princess]; each one had a dress, albeit more practical, like a riding dress on Seraphel and a comfortable one on Vernoue you could lounge around in.
Indeed, the youngest [Princess] had a book under one arm. Aielef definitely seemed in charge though, and the most aggressively royal by far. She gave Rabbiteater another look, but was busy speaking.
“I trust you will fight in defense of these walls, Dame Talia? We took a risk, but we could not let brave [Knights] and our own people die outside these walls like dogs.”
The Dawn Concordat and Pheislant’s people looked up with deep gratitude at that. However, Princess Seraphel gave Aielef a look of deep incredulity. The [Fortress Keeper] himself hesitated. Rabbiteater instantly suspected that Aielef had not been the one to raise those gates.
