8.73 R
Page 4
His aura was bright and blinded Ailendamus’ forces. But more than his contributions as a warrior—which were somewhat lacking compared to Tyrion—where he stood, the Dawn Concordat held the line.
Elsewhere, they broke and fled Ailendamus’ forces, but they fought like lions around the Lightherald, from Thronebearers to common folk. The Great General’s frustration was evident as she tried to fight all three fronts, Archmage, Tyrion, and Lightherald at once.
The Griffin Prince was there too. He and his small wing of Griffin Riders couldn’t do nearly as much, but the [Prince] himself was immortal. He literally dropped on a Greatbow, severing the siege weapon, and Dionamella cut him in half with a scythe of metal. Rabbiteater watched the [Prince]’s body knit itself back together and leap back up, catching a Griffin, which dragged him to the next front.
“A cursed [Prince] fights on our side. I cannot believe it—that chills my soul just to see it.”
Markus remarked. Rabbiteater thought it was pretty cool as well. An invincible [Prince]? Kaliv had neat things.
That was the war Rabbiteater saw. For four days, the battle raged, and he watched it. Under siege, in the castle with three [Princesses].
Mind you, he didn’t spend all that time watching and doing nothing. As the Great General considered her next moves, he got to know the inhabitants of the castle.
Including the [Princesses] of Calanfer. Rabbiteater had met a [Princess] of Calanfer, though he didn’t realize it. But his conclusion after four days was…
They were all weird.
 
——
 
In the first, panicked hour after their gallop away from the massive army into the keep, Rabbiteater just sat down and breathed.
That was a big damn army. He had never seen the like! Even Tyrion Veltras had not brought so many. And that aura!
It filled the world. Time, shifting, stopping…he saw the waxy faces on the Order of Seasons and knew they had seen the true power of the Great General, just like he had.
“She has an aura greater than the Knight-Commander himself. Ser Ilm—send word. No less than two of the Seasons’ leaders must stand against her. If they could even reach her amidst that army!”
Talia Kallinad was giving orders as the [Knights], Pheislant’s leader, Marshal Huges, and the others all broke out into a babble. The [Fortress Keeper] pushed forwards, sweat on his face.
“Honored [Knights]! Do I have the honor of addressing the Order of Seasons?”
“Sir Commander! We are grateful for you lowering the drawbridge! We might have perished or been taken captive, else. I am Dame Talia Kallinad of Summer, pledged to fight with the Dawn Concordat.”
Talia instantly crossed the room to him and bowed. The [Fortress Keeper] wiped at his forehead under his helmet.
“You are most well met, Dame Kallinad. A famous name! I fear that army will be upon us within the hour. We must discuss preparations immediately. Our gates and walls are strong and reinforced, but that army—”
“Yes, Commander. We’re at your disposal. Ser Ilm—to me! We have a list of our forces…”
Rabbiteater’s head rose, and he picked up Headscratcher’s axe. Shorthilt’s blood ran in the Cloak of Plenty around his shoulders.
Of course. A fight in the keep. Good, no arrows. They could last a long time there, before they died.
Dame Meisa and Markus, as less-senior [Knights], were free to talk with him. Meisa put her hand on Rabbiteater’s shoulder.
“That army is the largest I’ve ever seen. Rabbit…we might make a stand here. But if it comes to it, we might surrender. You, though…”
“I know.”
If his helmet came off, he died. Markus clapped Rabbiteater on the shoulder.
