8.73 R
Page 29
General Rel was not ignorant of honor. He himself had felt a twinge at ordering the Greatbows to rain fire down on the helpless defenders, but this was a war. And he saw what Ser Solstice was doing.
But then—so did the [Knights]. The Order of Drell’s highest-level warrior was Level 41. He drew closer.
“General, I will go myself. But we must answer honor with honor. The eyes of the world are upon us.”
The scrying spells. There was no help for it. General Rel reported to the Great General, frustrated, as the first [Knight] rode up the hill towards the gates.
There he met the Goblin Slayer. The [Knight] picked up his axe as the Drell Knight asked if he preferred mounted combat.
He was a Level 41 [Knight], exact class unknown. He did not know Rabbiteater’s class, and could not know he faced a Level 30+ [Champion] and [Knight] below Level 20.
But he did not take his opponent lightly, and he was armed in the Order of Drell’s Cinterglass Plate. Enchanted gear.
He did offer Rabbiteater a potion to heal his wounds and a stamina potion, but the [Knight] declined. He was tired from dodging and parrying the Lance-Arrows, but he was ready for a fight.
 
——
 
Level 30 vs Level 40, though. It wouldn’t matter if Rabbiteater were Level 39; a single capstone Skill made all the difference in the world.
Markus’ fingers were in his mouth, and he was biting his gauntlets. Meisa just watched, hands clenched.
Rabbiteater had to know that his opponents might be higher-level than him. The Drell Knight had an untrained aura by sheer virtue of his level. And…he had an axe.
An axe that wavered in and out of existence. Some kind of phase-weapon? That was a Skill or enchantment so dangerous that Meisa couldn’t gauge it. No—a Skill, because she saw the enchantment on the axe was a dripping trail of water that gleamed faintly.
Yet Rabbiteater faced the Drell Knight, just as he wanted. Just as the clever Goblin planned. There was only one way for him to even have a chance of slowing the attack. Meisa knew and admired it in him.
But how callous. How silly of the [Spring Knight]. She was already realizing they could duel the other [Knights] once Rabbiteater fell. They would inevitably lose; there were six hundred [Knights], but they could do it with honor and buy a day, two, perhaps, and see if this battle would turn.
In short, Meisa did Rabbiteater the largest disservice since she had known him, because she thought that was all he had planned. The Redfang, the [Champion], the [Knight], hated losing. Losing was death to him, and it might well be.
He would have only stood here, in front of these gates, if he could beat them all.
The Drell Knight had dismounted when the Goblin Slayer of Izril lifted his axe. The Drell Knight didn’t flinch; if he were attacked while preparing, his opponent lost all honor and the Drell Knight’s order would champion him.
What he was not prepared for was what Rabbiteater did next. The Goblin saluted his foe, who was as strong as could be. Then he lifted Headscratcher’s axe—
And tossed it to the side. The shield followed suit as the Drell Knight wavered.
“Ser Solstice. What are you doing?”
A [Knight] without armaments spread his arms wide as those within and without the keep gasped. They stared at his armored form—as Ser Solstice raised his fists and gestured.
Come on, put up your dukes.
Dukes, being an archaic word for fists appropriate in this setting. The Drell Knight stared as voices of outrage rose behind him.
