8.73 R
Page 27
The [General of the Line] might have been as surprised as anyone by the [Knight] surviving, but if you couldn’t kill him with one, try again. Everyone knew that.
Another arrow flew at the [Knight], and he reacted.
 
——
 
Rabbiteater was really regretting his life choices. He hadn’t expected that to hurt so badly. And he was convinced he wasn’t going to survive more than a few more shots.
So he changed tactics.
He had walked out there trusting to a few Skills. [Reinforced Armor (Steel)]. [Champion’s Gear]. [Improved Block]. Vernoue’s magic.
But most importantly—the one Skill that he could activate.
[Aspect of the Champion: Greater Endurance].
It had let him take the impact. But after feeling it once—Rabbiteater wasn’t going to do it again. So he did the only thing he could. Defense? Gone.
[Aspect of the Champion: Greater Speed].
The world slowed. Rabbiteater saw the bolt coming at him fast. So he raised his shield, but didn’t move to block. He surged, throwing his weight, angling his body. He threw his entire force behind the shield—
And parried the Lance-Arrow.
Okay, he deflected it. He hit the tip mid-trajectory with all of his weight and sent it glancing into the wall. The explosion and ringing impact in his arm and shield made everyone duck.
When they looked up, there he was. Rabbiteater checked himself.
That feels a lot better. He swung his left arm, shaking out the tingling, raised his shield—
Then he heard the cheering.
It came up from behind him. [Soldiers] shouting, as much to give awe at the mad display as anything. Mixed with it were other voices, telling him to come back.
But Rabbiteater didn’t move. He looked up. The mad cheering kept going before they realized what was happening.
You see—the Hobgoblin was not an idiot. He was a veteran warrior and, unlike Ryoka Griffin, knew the value of stabbing an apparent corpse. Because he knew that, he saw the other two Greatbows fire simultaneously.
Two Lance-Arrows, targeting him. Rabbiteater didn’t blink. He pivoted, stepped left—
Knocked one aside. The other plowed through the open gates as it missed him and nearly took Markus out at the legs. He leapt back as the Goblin turned, setting himself. A third Lance-Arrow missed him by inches. He leaned out of the way.
 
——
 
“Rabbiteater! They’re not stopping! Get back!”
Princess Seraphel heard Talia’s shout and started. What did they call him? Rabbiteater? What kind of Gnollish name was that?
Everyone knew he was a Gnoll. He had survived four shots, but the fifth came from the same four Greatbows. Because…they could reload. And fast—probably with a Skill.
He dodged it! But he—
“He can’t keep doing that forever! What is he trying to do, exhaust their ammunition?”
No one understood Ser Solstice’s apparent madness. No one could follow the logic at first, but he stayed there.
Again, he knocked a Lance-Arrow aside, but this time staggered. He nearly lost his arm and clutched at it as he misjudged the timing.
He could not do it forever. He drank a potion with one hand, diving left and coming upright. The fact that he was facing the Greatbows was saving his life; he could see the arrows coming and dodge them. They were, after all, arrows; if you dodged them you were safe.
It was just insane anyone would try.
Even the Goblins watching the [Knight] weren’t sure what the hell he was doing. They sat on the tops of the pass, and more watched from the scrying orb, knowing who he was. Wondering what he was doing.
