8.73 R
Page 15
She was a passionate scholar more than a [Princess], and while she had the other’s etiquette and manners, she forgot it for love of talking magic. She wanted to try out Rabbiteater’s Cloak of Plenty with her tea, which he refused, and studied his axe.
Oh, and she was keenly aware that she was not a great [Mage], and that her position meant her self-studies and tutors limited her from true magic.
How did Rabbiteater know?
“…I would have joined the Centrists I think, not the Revivalists, but Wistram seems all about the Terras faction. Have you been to the Walled City of Magic in Fissival, Ser Solstice?”
“Nope.”
“Ah, well, I correspond to a number of [Mages], even Archmage Viltach in Wistram. Have you heard about the breakout of Archmage Amerys? Obviously, Wistram’s Council must have had their reasons for imprisoning her, but politically…”
In the first ten minutes, she said ‘Wistram’ thirty-four times. Rabbiteater counted. Vernoue was obsessed with magic, from Archmage Valeterisa’s reappearance to the Gnoll’s book on magic and their suppression as a species.
If she knew Rabbiteater’s connections with other [Mages], she might have included him in the conversation, but she didn’t and he wasn’t talkative like Numbtongue could be, so he stayed silent.
Rabbiteater was far from bored after a while, though, because he soon found that if Ser Markus had impugned Aielef’s character based on broad assumptions—it was really Vernoue he should have been watching out for.
“Ser Ilm. I thank you for your notes on how the Season of Autumn casts magic. Tell me—the Fall’s Sentinel is practically equivalent to an Archmage in magic, isn’t he?”
Ilm was a far smoother courtier than Markus, at least with Vernoue. He bowed slightly as he drank some tea infused with a mild magical restorative.
“A broad exaggeration, Your Highness. I believe you are referring to an old quote? That would assume the Fall’s Sentinel, in armor and with all his martial capabilities, faced an Archmage. He is one of the most magically knowledgeable men on the continent, however.”
“How old is he?”
“Sixty…two?”
Ilm and the female [Autumn Knight] conferred. Around there. Vernoue nodded.
“And is he married? Does he have children?”
“Not to my knowledge, Your Highness. The Fall’s Sentinel, Lord Venoriat, is married to his Season as most leaders are.”
Vernoue smiled as Rabbiteater ate a fifteenth slice of the lovely cut sausage and drained his cup again. He poured himself another drink. It was good eating.
“Wonderful. In that case, do you believe if Calanfer were to offer…my hand in marriage, the Order of Seasons would consider an alliance?”
Some tea sprayed out of the female [Autumn Knight]’s mouth, and Ser Ilm blinked. Rabbiteater chortled.
This was getting good.
“To the Fall’s Sentinel?”
“Yes. It might be the perfect match—especially after the Order of Seasons’ valorous contributions to the war. I could suggest it to my father and mother? If not the Fall’s Sentinel, perhaps someone else in the Order of Seasons? You do have a famous library.”
Ser Ilm had to regroup for a second, and Rabbiteater leaned forwards.
“You want to marry the Fall’s Sentinel?”
Vernoue hesitated.
“I…am open to an alliance. It is inevitable, and I must do my part for Calanfer. I am hardly like my younger sister.”
“Who?”
Vernoue gave Rabbiteater a suspicious look, but waved it off.
