8.73 R
Page 16
“My younger, impetuous, dare I say, bratty sister. She actually ran off—though that is strictly private. I must be wed, so why not to someone to whom I could fulfill my passions for magic? I am sure the Fall’s Sentinel is a most elegant man. Not all are.”
“He is…pardon me, Your Highness. Knight Hiyev seems to be taking ill.”
Ilm hurried his comrade away. Vernoue turned a bright…and desperate smile onto Rabbiteater.
“Of course, if the war goes south, perhaps that choice is false, but do you know anyone who might suit? A powerful [Mage]?”
Rabbiteater grunted.
“Only…Xrn. The Small Queen.”
Vernoue’s mouth fell open.
“You’ve met the Small Queen?”
“Eh.”
She had visited the inn sometimes with Zel Shivertail. Not together, but Rabbiteater shrugged.
“You could marry her.”
“You are so…delightfully witty, Ser Solstice.”
Vernoue laughed, and Rabbiteater decided to pretend it was a joke.
“Hah, hah. I am funny. Other [Mages]…other [Mages]…”
“You must have been in or near Liscor, then. Have you seen the magic door? I hear the greatest [Mage] is Grimalkin of Pallass. He certainly seemed imposing from the scrying orb. Is he unwed?”
Vernoue was quick. Rabbiteater blinked.
“I don’t know. I’ve never met him. The other only ones are, uh. Falene Skystrall.”
“Who?”
“A half-Elf [Battlemage]. Gold-rank adventurer.”
“Oh! Is he eligible?”
“She’s unmarried.”
Princess Vernoue gave Rabbiteater a long look. And yes, this time he was doing it on purpose.
“Also Moore, a half-Giant. Or Typhenous. Old man.”
“I doubt Gold-rank adventurers are appropriate, Ser Solstice. A Named Adventurer willing to pledge their lives for Calanfer…perhaps. But as you can see, my options are limited. I had considered Archmage Viltach until I learned he was already wed, and Archmage Feor does not intend marriage. Archmage Eldavin on the other hand…well. Again, I must wed, so I hope I can persuade my parents to choose a match I am fond of. I would not like to be Seraphel.”
There was something sad about her, too, and Rabbiteater didn’t like it. He gazed at Vernoue’s auburn hair and decided to change subjects.
“Who’s your sister who ran away?”
“Oh, she is a fool. Her name is—”
“Ser Solstice, would you help me for one moment? I beg your pardon, Your Highness.”
Ilm reappeared, and Rabbiteater had to leave the [Princess]. He found himself in a huddle with the two Fall Knights as they whispered.
“Is she mad? Ser Venoriat is over sixty! Do we decline on his behalf or let her propose this? If it comes to an actual offer…”
Ser Ilm and Dame Hiyev were taking Vernoue far more seriously than Rabbiteater. He thought all this was hilarious, but they saw the actual political implications.
“What’s the problem? She wants to marry Venoriat? Fall’s Sentinel is a man. He probably has sex.”
The two Autumn Knights gave Rabbiteater horrified looks of scandal, and he started to get annoyed. Venoriat was a man in his sixties in great shape for his age.
Why did Humans assume that they stopped having sex? He felt it was ageist.
“…Even assuming the match were possible, and I grant you, there might be some truly diplomatic reasons for it, Venoriat is three times Princess Vernoue’s age, Rabbiteater. It would be untoward.”
Ah, that Rabbiteater got. He nodded very reasonably.
“Okay. So he marries her.”
Ilm opened his mouth, and Rabbiteater went on.
“Doesn’t have sex.”
“A marriage of convenience? Why would the Fall’s Sentinel entertain that?”
Rabbiteater rolled his eyes and nodded to Vernoue.
“So she can be happy, read books all day, and do magic. Duh. Venoriat would do that.”
