8.73 R
Page 8
The defenders would not be starved out of the keep any time soon, and Aielef’s own [Chef] was making food for the [Knights].
Still, the prospect of good food in Aielef’s company did not appeal to Ilm. Talia just turned to the others.
“They are bored, cooped up—and once this war ends, they will still be royalty, so it behooves us all to act on our best manners. I know you do not know…etiquette, Rabbiteater. But try to listen to whatever Markus says.”
Meisa bristled at Talia’s tone.
“He’s not an idiot, Talia.”
“He didn’t bow to the [Princesses]. You must understand, Rabbiteater, this is not—Izril. Ignoring manners has its consequences.”
Only Ilm didn’t understand Talia’s meaning since he didn’t know Rabbiteater’s nature. The Goblin just shrugged.
“I don’t kneel. I’ll be nice.”
Talia sighed audibly.
“I’d hoped they wouldn’t notice you, but it seems they’ve seen you on the scrying orb. Ser Solstice’s charge of Ailendamus is public knowledge. So—Markus, Meisa. I will hold you two responsible for any slights. Just—keep him out of trouble.”
Even Meisa eyed the Hobgoblin as Rabbiteater scratched at his arm.
Did that mean the [Princesses] were interested in him? He didn’t know if he liked them that much.
For one thing—they had terrible taste in fortresses.
 
——
 
Dame Talia did an inspection of the keep to see just how well they’d hold if Ailendamus did attack. She’d done the obvious at the start, but she and Rabbiteater got some nasty surprises later that day as he joined her on a tour.
The keep was placed with its back to the very same pass; a nice, sturdy bastion of stone. It had decent, thirty-foot walls. Nearly Liscor’s height, and they were enchanted.
It was a better-than-average fort, Rabbiteater understood, and it was full-up since the peasants had been admitted inside the walls. The outer keep had a courtyard open to the sun, and the gates were not the greatest.
A portcullis as opposed to solid gates, and no moat. The approach was no winding path for archers to pick attackers off either; it was just a nice, gentle road.
Still, that was not the flaw. The inner keep was spacious and even had a catacomb, albeit tiny. There was a lot of richness inside, from carpets to Aielef’s personal touches.
…Among them being the central tower and higher floors, which were her personal rooms and living space. She had taken over the entire top of the keep where she and her husband, the absent noble of Kaliv, stayed.
All fine. Totally understandable, right? [Princesses] needed their own space, and Aielef was free to remodel! She had her own rooms, including some balconies no one was going to use, obviously, but it was in the center of the keep, so it wouldn’t be a huge strategic threat until the enemy took the walls, and even then, they could just seal the top floor off and retreat deeper.
The…flaw…was probably—as Rabbiteater, a non-[Strategist] saw it—the giant glass ceiling with a view of the sky.
“The 3rd Princess removed the roof and installed a glass ceiling. In a fortress.”
The [Fortress Keeper] looked embarrassed as he defended it to Talia. Which wasn’t that fair; Aielef had ordered it.
“Her Highness insisted, Dame Talia. It is enchanted glass. Possibly as strong as stone! Ser Ilm, could you ratify the strength of the magic?”
“Why did she—she knows this is a key fortress, surely?”
“Her Highness insisted, Dame Talia. I have naturally told her that if Ailendamus attacks, she cannot reside there, but she refuses to leave her quarters.”
Talia pulled at her hair, and Rabbiteater got his second impression of Aielef. She was, uh…
Stupid.
 
——
 
