8.73 R
Page 18
But no, everyone else had manners. Seraphel was indeed depressing. They did not go into her marriages, but it was all over her. A kind of resigned frustration.
“I quite admire you, Ser Solstice. I have been the observer three times now to others risking their lives and doing great deeds. That is a [Princess]’ lot. I can hardly wield a sword.”
“Want to learn how? You have to get hit, but you can practice.”
Again, Talia elbowed him, but Seraphel just laughed.
“I think I’ve passed my prime already. Twenty eight, and a [Princess] is a bit too specialized to take up arms. Forgive me, I’m maudlin. I realize now that I have—let opportunity pass me by. But I did everything because I was expected to. In that sense, my sister might have a better idea—if she weren’t running away. That’s hardly better.”
Rabbiteater frowned as Seraphel spoke. He was really starting to wonder who this legendary runaway was, but he couldn’t drop what she’d said.
“You want to be strong and fight? Even Ailendamus? Risk your life?”
“I’m sure Ser Solstice doesn’t mean to impugn your honor, Your Highness.”
Talia interrupted him, trying to step on his toes. In reply, he kicked her so hard her eyes watered. Stop doing that. Seraphel just waved a hand.
“I’m quite aware of the difference. Call it bravado, but I have been in danger before, Ser Solstice. In that time, I wished I could fight like my champion, Ser Dalimont, did. He himself wished he had more strength. If I could do something…I would. But a [Princess] is not exactly a class meant for war. [Battle Princesses] are rare.”
“Ah. But you can get strong. Strong as a Gold-rank. Want to know how?”
Every [Knight] turned to Rabbiteater. Even Talia stopped trying to clutch at her leg and looked at him. Seraphel blinked.
“Really? Strong as that. How?”
Ser Solstice leaned forwards, and his blank visor seemed to conceal great secrets. Everyone else leaned in, and he spoke, confidentially, imparting to them a great secret.
“Every day…do one hundred situps. This keep is small. Maybe do two hundred laps in the courtyard. If you go outside? Twenty laps around entire keep. Pushups, fifty at least. Also, you need to get some wood and pull up and down. And then—”
He had an entire training regime, and his audience listened to him try to describe how to do half of them before Talia interrupted.
“Ser Solstice. What are you talking about?”
Rabbiteater saw Seraphel smiling uncertainly, as if she thought he was mocking her.
“I don’t believe sheer fitness is the way to reach Gold-rank, if you don’t mind me saying so, Ser Solstice.”
“Why not?”
He looked around, a bit hurt by their skepticism. Rabbiteater touched his chest.
“I did that. That’s how you start. Then you do more. Every day. You practice. When I was small, I did that. Until I could beat Gold-ranks with my brothers. Now? I can beat them myself.”
There was no lie in what he’d said. If you worked hard, you would gain more than others, levels or not. That was what Garen Redfang had taught them, and it was true. That was Rabbiteater’s very ethos.
Yet Seraphel just shook her head.
“I…do take your point, Ser Solstice. But a [Princess] has duties. I have married and done all for my nation. For the Eternal Throne.”
“Why? If you hate it, why not just leave? Or do what you want?”
Rabbiteater countered. Talia tried to interrupt, and so did Markus, so he kicked both of them so hard they doubled-over. Seraphel gazed at him. But not certainly. Her eyes flickered to his visor and then around the room.
