8.73 R
Page 14
The 3rd Princess of Calanfer stopped and looked at Markus and Rabbiteater. Aielef brushed at her hair and left a tiny smear of paint there. But then—she dyed her hair already.
“I…do not paint outside of what I can see, Ser Markus. I used to, in my youth, but I find that the real world is all I care to bring to the canvas.”
“May I ask why?”
Markus’ talent was that he was truly genuine. Naive, sometimes to the point of being a fool, but he got out of Aielef a brief confession as Rabbiteater listened. He, who did not care for the 3rd Princess’ way of speaking or behaving or designing fortresses, saw a [Painter], still royalty, and still very much a [Princess]…hesitate. When she did speak, it was in a pained voice, which she covered as best she could.
“If one dwells on…what might be, what could be, or fiction, things grow terribly difficult. I only look at what is—the rest is a painful exercise in futility, and my sisters, save dear Shardele, fail to understand that. Daydreams are wonderful, but if you keep pursuing them, you will only hurt yourself. I stick to what is real and I can touch.”
Ser Markus looked at her, struck, and then with a sudden, painful sympathy. Rabbiteater said nothing as Aielef realized what she’d admitted, then politely dismissed them.
“She’s sad.”
He said that outside of her rooms, with surprising tact. Ser Markus turned to Rabbiteater.
“A [Princess] must sometimes feel trapped, I suppose. I have a sudden respect for her, Rabbiteater.”
“Me too. And you thought she wanted sex. Shame on you.”
Markus turned red, but Rabbiteater punched his shoulder, then went to tell everyone that he could find about Markus’ misunderstanding. Because that was fun.
But he did understand something about Aielef, then.
 
——
 
Rumors of Ser Markus the Indiscreetly Sexual were probably not the reason why he recieved no invitation to Princess Vernoue’s tea party the next day.
Probably.
The 5th Princess of Calanfer, Vernoue, was also far more direct and less mannered than her older sister.
“Do you have a weapon or shield not enchanted? Ah, I see the shield’s not. Give it here.”
She had Rabbiteater’s shield in her hands and was producing a wand within moments of his arrival. Rabbiteater, Ser Ilm, and one more Knight of the Autumn were the only invitees. Rabbiteater because he was ‘Ser Solstice’.
The other two because they practiced magic. Her gift to the [Knights] was not art, but a spell.
“[Royal Casting: Reinforcement of Steel]. It won’t last more than a week, but that will be fine for now. That’s my spell for the day.”
Vernoue handed the shield back to Rabbiteater, and he longed to test it out. But he just thanked her, and she shrugged.
“I have access to a royal spell via my class, but it’s not the same as superior spellcasting. I find it analogous to a higher-level Skill to enhance magic, but broad. Ser Ilm, what did you think of my form? The Skill?”
The Autumn Knight looked at the [Princess] with some respect, spellcaster to spellcaster, and they began to jabber about the difference between how a [Knight] cast magic in the Order of Seasons compared to Vernoue’s training.
Rabbiteater liked Vernoue less than Aielef on his internal princess-ranking system. The [Mage]-[Princess] was more straightforwards, but after asking him to take off his helmet and making a few guesses about his identity—to which he refused to give her any clues—she left him alone and talked magic with the Autumn Knights.
