8.73 R
Page 2
Which was why it was really regrettable that the Great General, Dionamella, had already taken the flat center of the pass. There, she camped her forces and dared the Dawn Concordat to advance.
Behind her lay three [Princesses] of Calanfer, who would be captives very shortly. If the Dawn Concordat still retreated—she had the pass and could start rampaging into Calanfer, which had been hither-to free from conflict. And Calanfer was not Kaliv, who kept fighting as the lowlands were held. The Eternal Throne was no fortress-city. This was the pass to win or hold at all costs.
Oh—and one more thing. The defenders could not wait in the narrower pass to hold the enemy and bleed their advance. They tried, and General Dionamella fired the Greatbows of Ailendamus and the famed Lance-Arrows into shield walls and unleashed spells from above.
Faced with only two real options, retreat or advance, the Lightherald, Calanfer’s great champion, elected to attack. House Veltras, wavering on retreat if their demands were met, joined them. As did the furious Archmage of Memory and every other warrior who could be spared.
Rabbiteater watched the fighting with the rest of the Order of Seasons. He saw Talia Kallinad, Markus, Meisa, Ilm, and the others standing on the battlements and coming to a conclusion the Goblin had long ago realized:
They were ants in this war.
It actually rattled the Humans, the Hobgoblin was amused to note. The [Knights] had never seen a foe like this, that was so overwhelming that there was no hope of them swaying the odds. That was because they had been raised as the Humans’ protectors and champions.
Rabbiteater had been raised as a Goblin. He looked at the battlefield and didn’t have the wherewithal to talk about numbers or exact strategy. He didn’t think it actually mattered, really.
The Great General didn’t have that kind of weakness. He saw exactly four things that kept her from just rolling the Dawn Concordat on the first day.
In order of magnitude:
Eldavin, the Archmage of Memory.
Tyrion Veltras and three of the Five Families.
The Lightherald of Calanfer.
And…the Griffin Prince of Kaliv.
The Order of Seasons was not present on this front, and even if Talia, Rabbiteater, and everyone else in the keep had been right in front of Dionamella, they would not have mattered.
Three thousand fresh [Soldiers] wouldn’t have mattered. Rabbiteater saw Dionamella stop Kaliv’s army cold when they annoyed her. A charging wing of Kaliv’s tough infantry stopped, and then three volleys of arrows cut them down.
Time. However, the brave Level 30 [Shield Captain] leading a group immune to arrows—!
—Ate a beam of light that turned into a searing blast and engulfed hundreds of [Soldiers], sending them into oblivion.
Hence, four things were opposing the Great General. Rabbiteater watched.
 
——
 
First, the Archmage of Memory. He alone could match her, spell-for-spell. In fact, he did the most damage to Ailendamus’ massive army, such that they had to split apart.
He could not kill Dionamella. He tried on the first day, and that firefight was so blinding that Rabbiteater only saw him flying away. After that—he was cautious. The Lance-Arrows and the army could still possibly harm him, but he flew, using the Terras faction for long-range spells and as a second mana battery.
