8.73 R
Page 13
Aielef was a style of painter that veered away from abstract or surreal and refused to leave the area of lifelike. In that sense, some might disparage her art since it was only what you saw, and a spell could do that.
Rabbiteater, if hearing that opinion now, would give the speaker a damn good kick to the shin. Because Aielef’s ability to capture the world she saw was extraordinary.
And she was fairly quick!
“This will be a far rougher painting, I’m afraid. I shan’t keep you two overlong. But how…is this?”
She showed them the canvas, and both [Knights] saw Ser Markus, holding a sword and cloth, polishing it as he stood next to the silent Ser Solstice, covered in his champion’s gear and artifacts.
It was a good portrait! Rabbiteater loved it.
“I look good. You too, Markus.”
“Extraordinary, Your Highness!”
Aielef smiled at Markus, who hadn’t stopped looking embarrassed ever since he figured out what was going on. She offered them the olives and snacks she’d provided. Much to her disappointment, Rabbiteater had refused to take off his helmet, but she was happy enough to paint them.
“A memento from the war. I fear that’s all; I’m a low-level [Painter].”
“You do good art. It looks real.”
Aielef blushed slightly and nodded to Rabbiteater. But then she turned and gestured around the room.
“It is overly kind of you to say, Ser Solstice, but if I had many levels—my paintings offer you little. They cannot shift with time or capture some vitality or aid those who view them. It is just…the world I see. I have one little Skill, and I will add it now. But what…detail? If this is over, I will gladly send the canvas to you, that we might remember this moment. Elsewise—it will be a fitting memory.”
Of your deaths. But Aielef clearly painted this for them. So as not to forget. Markus thought it was thoughtful. Rabbiteater?
He smiled. That was what every Goblin would treasure. They, the Redfangs, would have all wanted such a painting.
“That is the best gift of all. Thanks. What is the special detail?”
Aielef fussed around the painting.
“I have…[One True Detail]. What would capture your essences? Some quality?”
Markus hesitated. Rabbiteater shrugged, rolling his shoulders, and Markus smiled.
“I fear, Your Highness—”
“That’s it! Wait!”
The two looked at each other, and Aielef worked in silence for a few minutes. When she was done, she brushed at some paint on a finger and showed them.
[One True Detail] was her only capstone Skill at Level 10. It allowed her to create a moving painting.
But not true movement, and only one true detail. And that was that as the two [Knights] beheld themselves, they saw Ser Markus’ lips move upwards slightly, in a quick, genuine smile. The same man who could befriend a Goblin.
And if you watched, Ser Solstice would roll his shoulders, a practiced movement, as if ready to leap into action.
Just two little details. It took a while, and you had to watch the painting.
That was all Aielef could do, and it was all she had. She gestured to the food as the [Knights] complimented her on the work.
“I will touch it up—but do help yourselves. Please. [A Refreshing Repast]. I have…two Skills I can employ. Little else in this siege and in general. But I thank you for your time.”
Markus cleared his throat.
“I thank you, Your Highness. It was an unexpected joy to see you at your passions. May I ask—do you illustrate other pieces? The quality is so fine, you might well create something for a book or whatnot. If I am not being too forward in presuming on your time.”
