8.73 R
Page 23
When Ailendamus’ creators had planned for their battles, they had spent a lot of time trying to figure out what the most economical way to create a fighting force was. One of the things they’d settled on was the Order of the Hydra—a superior class given to common folk that would outnumber any other Knight Order on the continent in time.
They had waffled between magic and conventional weapons, but decided that [Mages] took a long time to train.
Whereas with proper industry…you could create a weapon capable of killing a high-level foe that even an idiot could use.
Hence, the Greatbows and crossbows that Ailendamus’ forges could churn out. Four were sent on the fourth day.
They took down the gate in three hours.
 
——
 
“They’re going to attack! Man the battlements!”
Of all the stupid things for the [Fortress Keeper] to say…that was one of them. Rabbiteater had seen the Greatbows moving and braced himself. For three hours, everyone heard the terrible thwoom of impact as giant, enchanted bolts slammed into the stone of the castle.
“Destroy those bows! They are going to break our walls!”
Aielef could see the stone shuddering from the terrible impacts. Enchanted munitions. Ailendamus was using very high-level ones, and the impregnable walls of the fortress…were getting pretty pregnable.
But the worst part was that the [Fortress Keeper] was unable to oblige her. They had a grand total of six archers capable of even hitting the Greatbows. When they tried to man the battlements?
“Evacuate! Evacuate—get off the walls!”
The first dead of the siege were the defenders on the walls. Rabbiteater saw one being hauled down, limp—and he had been knocked flat by the blast radius of an arrow.
“We cannot even put soldiers on the walls?”
Talia looked at the other [Knights] as they realized—anyone on those walls would be hit by the arrows. Even hunkering behind the battlements, the explosive projectiles would kill you. They could keep sending soldiers up there and hope Ailendamus ran out of ammunition, Rabbiteater supposed.
They needed a Badarrow. Or to sally out and destroy the bows.
Or…just wait for the enemy to come to them. Since they had no Badarrow, and sallying out meant charging at a bunch of Greatbows and at Ailendamus, who could reinforce the few thousand with a ten-thousand strong army the instant they wanted, everyone just waited.
The mood was grim. Rabbiteater hummed as he watched the Greatbows firing from an arrow crenellation. So this was it.
He looked at the odds. Bad. The Greatbows were targeting the gates, blowing the outer portcullis to bits. They stopped firing, and he heard a report.
“They’ve smashed the enchanted gate. We’ll have to hold it—but Ailendamus looks to be making ready for an attack. Ladders are being drawn up.”
“But we can’t even shoot them. They’ll have walls and gate.”
Markus groaned. Rabbiteater was no [Architect], but he guessed that if the Dawn Concordat won this war, they’d be changing their fortresses to something less prone to this scenario.
Someone interrupted the discussion. Dame Talia strode over. She hesitated, glanced at Rabbiteater, but addressed everyone with a grim face.
“They won’t need the ladders. I just took a look at their invasion force. Please—Ser Ilm, where are the [Princesses]?”
“With the [Fortress Keeper]. Why?”
Talia Kallinad hesitated, then bowed her head.
