8.73 R
Page 11
Ser Markus was a common-born [Knight]. Because he was in the Order of Seasons, he had been able to rise to the class, and he was profoundly grateful for that.
He had learned politics—but he was no Thronebearer. Still, Markus might have been obtuse in some ways, but he was canny enough, a good enough fighter, and not an idiot.
All of that meant that he was incredibly stressed-out on the evening of the second night. He’d wormed and tried to refuse, but Princess Aielef had insisted. She had requested his presence in a ‘personal encounter’ and perhaps repast.
And yes, that was the exact wording. Markus had heard from Ilm about Aielef, and he was nervous.
Clandestine affairs were regular even among royalty and they could be denied or laughed off as lies, of course. But Markus did not want to get entangled in Calanferian politics.
Then again—refusing a [Princess] to her face if she bared all would also be a terrible move.
“Excuse myself as fast as possible.”
He kept muttering to himself. Maybe if he spilled wine or whatnot? He had gone in armor, lacking any kind of other clothing, and he had considered locking the pieces into place.
Ser Markus of the Season of Spring was nervous as he ascended the stairs and waited, a few minutes early, to meet with Princess Aielef in her personal, very private top floor of the keep. He wished he was imagining this, but the wording of the invitation had been unlike any regular teatime social or whatnot. She had not mentioned guests, and the hour was…late.
Past dinner. Markus, then, was a man really considering his future. Aielef was not unattractive, which was the hard part. However, the consequences…
The problem was he was no Winter Knight, or even Knight of Autumn. Spring was vibrancy and youth. Markus was worried—until he saw the second figure come up the stairs.
Rabbiteater stopped when he saw Markus.
“Oh. Are you here too? I got a message. Said to come alone.”
Markus wavered. For a second he was relieved—then he got more worried. Rabbiteater just bounced on his heels, clearly bored, but Markus hurried over.
“You got an invitation? Let me see, Rabbit. Dead gods. Does Meisa know?”
“She told me to go to any invitations.”
The Goblin sulked, but if Meisa had seen this invitation…Markus sniffed it. Yep, definitely perfume.
“This is not good, Rabbiteater. ‘I hope to gaze upon your face if you may be so willing…’. Rabbit! We might be in a lot of trouble here!”
The Goblin looked blankly at Markus until the Spring Knight said it plainly enough for him to get. Then the Goblin chortled.
“Oh. Oooh. Interesting. I wonder how many [Knights] are coming. Maybe Talia too?”
“Rabbiteater!”
Scandalized, Markus leapt back. Rabbiteater just shrugged.
“Ah, right. [Knights] are weird about sex. Not creative.”
“Are you considering doing…anything?”
Rabbiteater shook his head.
“Nope. I have Meisa. Plus, she isn’t nice.”
That relieved Markus. Right up until Rabbiteater turned to him.
“But it’s bad to offend her, right?”
“Yes. Hence my dilemma. If you’re right—”
“—I sacrifice you. Have lots of fun.”
Rabbiteater clapped Markus on the shoulder. The [Spring Knight] looked at Rabbiteater, aghast. The Hobgoblin gave him a huge thumbs-up.
“I have your back. Not really—but I’ll be supportive.”
“I do not want support in this engagement!”
The two bickering [Knights] were, by now, loud enough that their whispered argument was echoing down the hallway. But no one was here, and then—the door opened.
“Ah, Ser Knights. Gentlemen, thank you for being so prompt.”
