8.73 R
Page 19
“Duty, Ser Solstice. I have had the same thoughts, but I did what I did…for my family and crown. We must do these things.”
“No, we don’t.”
Rabbiteater emptied his teacup into his visor, sucking it down a straw. Meisa winced at the loud sound, then he put the cup down.
Something interesting was happening. Of all the [Princesses]…Seraphel was making him the most irritated by far. And he suspected the feeling was mutual. Rabbiteater tapped his breast.
“I have done what I wanted. Many things I was told to do, but I did them because I believed I should. When I was young, my father told me I would die a warrior and never grow old. But he taught me to be proud and strong.”
Garen Redfang, a father to all his warriors. Talia glared at Rabbiteater, and he saw the familiar distrust. A dislike—purely of who he was.
Goblin.
“That is a terrible destiny to give a child, Ser Solstice. That father of yours…can you claim he was a good man?”
Rabbiteater looked straight at her.
“I don’t know. Was your father good?”
He ignored her and looked back at Seraphel.
“I followed his orders until the day I didn’t, because I believed it. But I never did anything I didn’t want to do. Sometimes I didn’t know, so I followed my brothers. But I would never get married if I didn’t want to. Maybe I would if I thought it helped. You want to get strong? Pick up a sword and practice. Everything else is a stupid excuse.”
The other [Knights] were caught in a terrible, awkward silence, but Seraphel’s eyes flashed.
“You are painfully blunt, Ser Solstice. Thank you for teaching me how to bear arrow wounds. I am sure Ailendamus’ archers will be a pleasant break from this conversation.”
He grinned at her. Yet it was Talia who burst out. She turned to face him, and Rabbiteater realized that what they had never truly discussed was coming out now.
Maybe it was his words. The way he spoke down to a [Princess] and a [Knight] with royal blood.
Maybe it was kicking her twice in the shins, but Talia Kallinad was a [Summer Knight] and lost her temper.
“You speak surely of duty and freedom, Ser Solstice, for someone who followed us to war. You told me yourself you had no purpose, but it is duty which impelled me to race back to fight in defense of my home. I would not dare question a [Princess]’ resolve for her country, or even a [Knight]’s, as you lack either.”
“Dame Talia, retract your words or I will have you retract them at the point of a sword!”
Meisa rose, and Ilm and Markus grabbed her.
“You are in the presence of a [Princess], both of you. Princess Seraphel, we withdraw with greatest apologies—”
Ilm tried to pull them away, but Rabbiteater had been thinking of what to tell Talia. Now, hearing her words, he just faced her.
Her and Seraphel and the Goblin [Champion]. The [Knight]’s voice rasped under his helmet.
“I had no purpose because my brothers died, and my people died. Because they died, and I could not save them, and I wandered around. Until I met you.”
Talia Kallinad paused and saw Ser Solstice, first the mysterious Goblin Slayer, next, the enigma, a man with honor. Then…a Goblin.
A Goblin who had bested a [General] with his bare hands and rescued them all. Markus wondered how Talia could see him otherwise. Meisa was glaring, restrained by Ilm, but she let Rabbiteater speak.
He was not eloquent, but he had still learned enough. Rabbiteater pointed at Talia, for once, angrily. And not for the reasons she thought.
