8.73 R
Page 1
“…Gadrea is going to object if she hears of this.”
Igolze was recording the moment for posterity and the rest of the family. Azemith and Paxere, who was still adjusting to one less finger, both nodded. Azemith turned to her partner.
“Are you suggesting we not interrogate all of the Sariant Lambs, Igolze?”
“Not at all.”
He smiled. In truth, the Lucifen expected almost nothing out of this particular interrogation. They were hunting for the truth—but this was more akin to stress relief. Still…
“It is not an outside chance they know something, you know. They are intelligent. And they once poisoned a [Regent] to death.”
Paxere and Azemith stopped eating popcorn and turned to Igolze. Paxere hesitated.
“They actually did?”
“Yes.”
The Lucifen turned back to watching the Sariant Lambs under interrogation. What was notable was that Visophecin was actually, genuinely, angry. He was one of the most controlled Lucifen, and that was saying a lot.
Did that mean he was truly searching for Ryoka’s assassin? Or pretending? Igolze carefully watched. He had his own opinion, but he glanced at his wife and got nothing but a smile in her stare. They were probably thinking the same thing, so Igolze smiled back.
Who had tried to kill Ryoka Griffin? Mortal? Immortal?
And…why? For rescuing Paxere alone, Igolze would give some good faith effort to the task. Besides which, this sudden suspicion among even the ranks of immortals? Sedition, the possibility of treason or a powerful actor that had eluded even Ailendamus’ security?
The Lucifen man smiled.
This was so much fun.
 
——
 
There were less fun things to watch, and thus less well-broadcasted, despite them being hugely topical to an anxious [Princess] watching the pivotal moment in the war. But all people could talk about was Ryoka, interviewing people who knew her, speculating on the assassination, what had happened.
All the while, the Great General of Ages was holding Krawlnmak’s Pass against the Dawn Concordat. No—not just them.
House Veltras, the Dawn Concordat’s armies, Archmage Eldavin, and his Terras faction were all engaging the greatest army Ailendamus had sent yet. Lest you think it was a boring battle…it was not.
Mind you, it was not pleasant to watch. Nor did Rabbiteater, viewing it from the fortress of Kaliv in which they were besieged, get to see all of it. From the battlements, he had a view of Ailendamus’ rear forces.
Their main army had actually marched down the pass and left a smaller force encircling the keep. By far, enough to keep the defenders from dreaming of sallying forth. The Great General of Ailendamus had been far too cunning to waste time on a mere fort.
Krawlnmak’s Pass, the Archmage’s Pass, was a famous place in Calanfer’s history. The Dawn Concordat had held off massive armies, and it was a symbolic place to win the war. It was also, frankly, a strategically sound location for a defensive army to hold.
The land sloped upwards after descending through a tiny valley, up to a much wider place to fight in. Any army had to climb to the very place where Perril Chandler had once stood and then descend once more. Then the pass narrowed, such that you could fight on open ground, push reinforcements downhill, or retreat and choke the opposition.
The pass itself was also tall but unhelpful, in that it didn’t have high, flat spaces for the enemy to take. It was the most naturally annoying place for an attacker to fight in. As a Redfang, Rabbiteater understood all of this.
