8.73 R
Page 21
He was no Dalimont, or Ser Dalius. He was rather rude, seemed to think she should have arms as wide as kegs, and she was angry, nettled by how he viewed the world.
Yet when he heard that name, he hesitated.
“…Is Lyonette…female?”
Everyone just stared at him, but Rabbiteater went on.
“Does she look like you? Red hair…bright skin…walks stupid?”
“I beg your—yes. Yes, my younger sister has royal red hair—she doesn’t dye it like Aielef! She also has a waspish tongue, no sense of when to shut up, struts around calling people peons, and she is the rudest person I have ever met. Present company excepted!”
Seraphel snapped, finally at an end to her patience. She had met a lot of varied people over the last year, but she was still a [Princess]! Yet Rabbiteater, Ser Solstice, just looked Seraphel dead in the eye and shrugged.
“She never called me a peon. You forgot the pet bee.”
Seraphel gazed at Rabbiteater, then stuck a pinkie finger in her ear and wiggled it for a second.
“…Excuse me?”
“The pet bee. And she serves drinks. And has a Mrsha.”
“A…what did you say?”
“She works at an inn.”
The Goblin was being helpful, adding salient details. The [Knights] of the Order of Seasons swung their heads between him and Seraphel like they were watching a ping pong rally—which had yet to be invented. Seraphel hesitated.
“No, you’re quite wrong. It must be an unbelievable coincidence. This other Lyonette might have red hair—”
“And blue eyes. And once blew up a shop with a [Fireball] ring.”
“…that airheaded, dung-sniffing…she’s in Oteslia. My champion has informed me of that. He mentioned a d…no. What’s a Mrsha?”
Seraphel’s voice was very uncertain. Rabbiteater gave her a mysterious shrug.
“I don’t know where she is. But she was at Liscor, in an inn. Serving drinks. She had a pet bee called Apista, and she was nice to me.”
“To you. With—without a helmet?”
Talia had to interject. Rabbiteater rolled his eyes at her.
“Without a helmet, stupid. Me and my brothers. She served acid flies to Antinium.”
Seraphel looked like she was in mortal fear that this was all some elaborate prank. Yet Rabbiteater was confident. It had to be Lyonette.
Why?
Because it had been The Wandering Inn, and these coincidences…he closed his eyes.
How to prove it? How to tell her—ah. It was so simple.
Seraphel du Marquin and the Order of Seasons, all experts in auras, felt something engulf them. Seraphel began to push back with her own presence, instinctively—but this was not an aura clash.
She heard laughter and abruptly found herself sitting on a harder chair. The table in front of her was higher and had scars on the wood. Someone had dropped something sticky on one side. She looked around and stared at a mug.
Markus found himself smelling inviting cooking smells from a warm…he turned his head, and the illusion faded, but if he sat still—
Meisa looked down at a white face staring up at her, which darted away, scampering around like the biggest squirrel she’d ever seen. Seraphel looked around and saw laughing figures, indistinct, seen only out of the corner of your eye.
Drakes and Gnolls. An inn, bustling as someone performed on stage, a giant room. Then she saw a familiar face, weaving through the crowd, balancing a platter on one hand with practiced ease, calling for Mrsha.
For a second—Seraphel saw her sister, clear as day, but unlike the Lyonette she knew.
