8.73 R
Page 20
“You say I followed you. As if it were light. Into war. Now—now we see a Great General destroying armies. And you think this is a terrible thing and face death. You waver; I see it. I? I knew I might die when I stepped on that boat in Izril.”
She blinked at him, and Rabbiteater slapped his chest.
“Do you think I didn’t? I came across the sea to fight in your stupid war. Not because I was without purpose. Because…I liked you all. I knew I might die. But I went.”
He looked at Markus, Meisa, and Talia.
“I know death. More than any one of you can dream. I knew it, but I came because I wanted you alive. If I could keep you. Do not tell me I do not know duty. I know duty—it is you who do not understand death. You are not ready for it. You have no resolve.”
He lectured the [Knights] and the [Princess], sneering at them. Seraphel’s eyes were wide with outrage, but Rabbiteater just turned and pointed.
“There. That corner.”
Everyone stared at a corner of Seraphel’s guest room. It had a patch of carpet that was slightly peeling, which had annoyed the hell out of Seraphel the instant she saw it. Trust Aielef to give her a bad room.
“Er…what about it, Rabbit?”
Rabbit? Ilm and Seraphel blinked, but the Goblin just looked at the others.
“Will you die there? Will you fight with sword and spell and bleed and die with your stomach in your hands—there?”
What, there? Everyone was confused. Rabbiteater pointed.
“I will. I will fight and die in that corner for someone I met. A second ago. If I believe they should live. I am ready. You are not. That is what it means to be a [Knight]. Any battle, any fight may be my last—but I do not need big words or reasons. I went to this war for you, Talia. You and all the others.”
He pointed at Talia, and she went pale. Ser Markus exhaled, just once. He saw it.
A Goblin [Knight]’s honor. He saw Meisa and Ilm were similarly struck. But perhaps Meisa had seen it all along.
It was Princess Seraphel who interjected into the silence, and everyone turned, almost forgetting she was there.
“I begin to understand you, Ser Solstice. But tell me—if we all have one chance, why do you keep risking yours? You, who have seen and done so much?”
The curious gaze of the 4th Princess of Calanfer met the [Champion]’s. Rabbiteater spoke shortly.
“Because someone must. And we did. I survived. So I’m still doing it. Why did you not run, after the second marriage? The third? Why are you still doing it?”
Seraphel flinched from the glare and looked at Rabbiteater. Distantly, as if looking at someone else, wearing armor, standing there, she murmured.
“I suppose because I was afraid to do anything else after wasting so much in service of my family. Then—I thought I could be happy. That my journey to Noelictus was for the best. But even hope like that died in the Kingdom of Shade. I wonder. If I had been like my sister, would I be happier? She ran. But I will only know when Dalimont reports back what became of her.”
“Who?”
Rabbiteater wearied of this. He felt tired, no longer angry. Disappointed in Talia, and—he looked at Seraphel, and she shrugged, blandly surprised he didn’t know.
“Lyonette du Marquin.”
The 4th Princess waited—then saw him slap the side of his helmet.
“…What?”
“Lyonette du Marquin. Lyonette the…oh, what’s the name? Lyonette the Fiery. She’s run off and still vanished, though that’s probably a secret.”
Seraphel was too annoyed and distracted to keep the secret. She reflected this was at least an entertaining conversation, but to her surprise, Ser Solstice didn’t move.
