8.73 R
Page 24
“I am going to suggest to the [Princesses] that we surrender after thirty minutes of fighting. Or earlier, at their discretion. Ailendamus has just detached another six thousand troops. I counted over sixty [Battle Mages], and the [Knights] now number over five hundred.”
There were less than a fifth that many of the Order of Seasons. Everyone went silent, and Rabbiteater stopped humming.
“Ah.”
He decided to look himself. No one stopped him; if he went onto the battlements or through the gates, he died. Some unlucky [Soldiers] had already gotten shots taken at them, and the Greatbows were manned by marksmen.
However—Rabbiteater could see well enough.
“Yep. Two thousand riders. Four thousand soldiers.”
They didn’t need much to take this fortress. Those [Riders] would storm the gates. Probably crash through the first wave. And so many?
Oh, I get it. They’ll use [Light Bridge] to get to the walls. Clever.
Rabbiteater was adjusting to a new way of using tactics. All he had to do was imagine what he’d do if he had unlimited funds or magic. It would be an equal fight, defenders and attackers by number.
Not equal by classes or quality. Regular footsoldiers would be squaring up against the Order of the Hydra, one-to-one.
We can hold them in the passageways for a while. Unless the [Mages] gas us. Or use acid. It’s what I’d do.
Rabbiteater calculated that they’d have surrendered or be dead by nightfall. He eyed the setting sun and sat there.
Now. Now came the moment where he saw the Lightherald fighting in the distance. The champion of Calanfer probably saw the danger, but no one could intervene. The Archmage of Memory was furiously battling the Great General. The Griffin Prince…
Could not stop six thousand on his own.
Neither could Rabbiteater. But he saw this moment as pivotal. A small battle. But the one he was at. So he asked himself one question.
What would Erin do?
No. More like—what would she tell him to do? These were different things. Firstly, what would she say? What would that great [General] say?
 
——
 
The Goblin had no boon. He had no magic to bring that moment back and make it immortal. His aura was not that powerful and, perhaps, never would be.
All he could do was remember and guess. So he did. He could do anything. He might not be good at anything, but he could try to do anything.
Erin Solstice and Zel Shivertail sat at a table. This was not a fight with a single [General].
But it mattered.
“This is not your war.”
“I know. But I have fought and killed. So it is mine. I can walk away, but what about the dignity of people I’ve killed?”
The Tidebreaker nodded. Or would he shrug? Rabbiteater was also more eloquent in his imagination. And he was more handsome.
“I don’t want you to die.”
Erin Solstice offered him a cookie. Even in his imagination, it was only vanilla. Rabbiteater munched on it anyways.
“Me neither. What can I do?”
“White flag.”
Erin offered it to him, and the Goblin laughed. But yes…that was it.
He would not die without a reason. He had told Seraphel he would die in that corner—but only if it mattered.
Only if I can matter. Was there any way to do that?
For some reason—Rabbiteater thought there was. He checked his artifacts and wished he had the Bell of Really Painful Ringing. But he didn’t. He had his brother’s cloak and his other brother’s axe and some armor. It would have to do.
But how did he stop all those damned fighters? Maybe if it was a no-[Mage], no-[Knight] situation, Rabbiteater would take these odds. They could win that, definitely.
But the [Knights] were tough. Stupid—but tough.
