8.73 R
Page 10
Meisa whispered, and this time Markus waited for Rabbiteater’s take. He was starting to privately enjoy them, and sure enough, the Goblin brightened up.
“Oh, sex with other people. Isn’t that bad if married?”
Ilm sighed.
“…Yes. Not to be spoken of, understand?”
Rabbiteater dutifully nodded. Ilm went on.
“Aielef is rather social, returning to the capital often; of the three here, she’s the most outgoing. The most conventional. By contrast, her sister, Vernoue the Enchanting, is a [Mage]. She never attended Wistram, but I am told she is a competent spellcaster, and I think she sent me a request to meet. I have not checked my rooms.”
They had been allotted rooms, and it surprised Rabbiteater that Ilm had gotten a written invitation. But it seemed one did not just walk up to ask someone to hang out as royalty. Ilm coughed and eyed Rabbiteater.
“Is it, ah, that foreign to hear of nobility in the tribes, Rabbiteater?”
“Ilm!”
The Autumn Knight looked slightly guilty as Meisa glared at him, but Rabbiteater’s reply was bland.
“Maybe. So Vernoue knows magic. [Fireball]?”
“Not combat magic, no. And she isn’t married—her engagement is likely to be soon, but her, ah, magical penchant has made it more difficult. I believe three [Princesses] are unwed. The youngest, Ellet, is far too young for anything but a later engagement. The other one, the 6th Princess, has been quite subdued. Now she is fairly interesting in the scandals she’s produced—”
“Wait. What about Seraphel?”
Rabbiteater held up a hand, and Ilm blinked.
“Oh, Seraphel. I’m sorry, I got out of order. Princess Vernoue is a scholar, so she is by way of being somewhat ‘normal’ like Aielef. But Princess Seraphel…it doesn’t do well to gossip, but everyone knows. She is Seraphel the Dutiful. Or, as some would have it, Seraphel the Cursed.”
That was when Rabbiteater heard of Seraphel’s reputation and marriages.
“First it was that old [Lord] who died in bed. Then the failed marriage to a [Baron]—did he die?”
“No, the woman he ran off with. Then there was someone else…and now Noelictus. That’s, uh, three if you count the poor girl.”
“It could be coincidence.”
The [Knights] gossiped, but lightly since they were mindful of where they were and of Seraphel’s reputation. Rabbiteater was intrigued. If Seraphel did have the ability to kill people with sex, or just in secret, she was far more interesting.
Ilm ended his lecture there.
“I don’t believe any will cause issues…aside from the remodeling of the fortress. But they will likely invite many of the Order of Seasons to meals or conversation. Tea, at the least.”
“Why?”
Ilm raised his brows.
“They’re bored, Ser Solstice. And a bond made, even in siege and war, might endure. Calanfer’s [Princesses] play politics from the cradle, or so it’s said. Just take care not to get entangled; but they aren’t the worst sorts of individuals for a [Knight] to meet and make a good impression on.”
Sure enough, the [Princesses] began to send invitations by the second day of the siege. It might not be a long siege, but they had nothing to do but talk and wait. And [Princesses] did what they did best, especially together, and especially because all three didn’t like the others that much.
They vied for attention, favor, and whatever influence or entertainment they could get. And since the Order of Seasons was here, the most interesting people were the knights of Pheislant.
And the mysterious Ser Solstice. Rabbiteater got an invitation from all three over the next three days. He would have ignored them, but Meisa told him ‘no sex’ unless he went.
 
——
 
