8.73 R
Page 33
It was a mark that Rabbiteater was still a Goblin that as he stepped into the cheering keep, amid the people who looked at the legend of Ser Solstice, a hundred thousand times larger, as his friends embraced him and held him up and found him food, that he still had time to point at Seraphel.
“See? Told you.”
Goblin pettiness knew no limit. [Princesses] had no idea. The Goblin stood and breathed in.
An [Indomitable Champion].
But not Level 40.
 
——
 
If it could have ended there, it would have been the perfect tale. The journey of Ser Solstice through Ailendamus’ war. The next day, in such a story, Ailendamus fell back as the Great General was defeated, and she did something like salute him as she left, a rueful nod and a wink.
Or she was defeated or…
That was it.
Stories like that were not stories ever told for Goblins. Rabbiteater had never expected it. Perhaps the others had.
The keep stood. The [Princesses] all had invitations for Ser Solstice as he stood at the gates, if he cared to meet them afterwards.
But no army came. They held back, and even the forces of Ailendamus and the Dawn Concordat didn’t meet.
The Lightherald strode forwards to bring battle to the Great General, but then stopped. Great General Dionamella had not attacked this morning at first day, not because she was considering retreat or even defeat.
Only because this moment required it. The honor of a Great General, the respect of the General of Ages, warranted no less.
Horns blew, drums beat, and voices roared as Ailendamus’ ranks pulled aside. But they did not need to step aside to show the figure who walked this ground.
She towered over everyone. The Lightherald looked up, and Rabbiteater watched from the battlements as a woman wearing armor, a [Knight], just of a different kind, raised her sword to the sky.
Again, he saw the Dame of the Hills, The Hill-Knight. The Great Knight, Merila. And Seraphel saw the half-Giant point her blade at the Lightherald.
“No.”
He could have refused. He could have run. But like Ailendamus…the Lightherald advanced, ignoring the warnings of the [Lord] who rode forwards. His ancient armor rose, and he returned her salute.
“Tell him to stop. I have seen the Dame of the Hills before!”
Seraphel pleaded with the others, and Vernoue cast spells and sent [Messages] streaking through the heavens. Seraphel’s voice cracked.
“I was there. At Ovela! She has bested greater [Knights]! Even the ghost of a knight from the days of myths could not beat her!”
Rabbiteater looked at Seraphel. Then he gazed ahead.
The cheering died down quickly thereafter. Rabbiteater and the Order of Seasons, the [Princesses], and the soldiers watched.
Ser Markus was the first to turn away. Princess Vernoue hid her eyes and looked and then retched with sudden despair.
Princess Aielef? She produced a wine bottle after stepping into the pantry, filled a glass, downed it, and filled it again in moments. As she waited for oblivion, she watched, a glassy smile on her face.
Seraphel looked on as the Lightherald lifted his head. Talia Kallinad whispered.
“Yield. Yield!”
“He cannot. He might win. And if he does, he will no longer take the field.”
Ilm’s voice trailed off. Meisa whispered.
“He will not take this field again.”
In dead silence, they watched. Rabbiteater gazed at the Lightherald. The Goblin spoke into the silence.
“He is a true warrior to his end.”
The Dame of the Hills dripped with blood, her own and another man’s, as it ended. The half-Giant was still mortal. And a mortal had challenged her. A brave man without end.
But mortal.
