8.73 R
Page 9
“Not stupid, Rabbiteater. Don’t say it in front of Calanfer’s people or they’ll fight you.”
“Huh. Good idea. I could use a fight.”
Meisa dragged Rabbiteater back and scolded him. Markus, Meisa, and Rabbiteater were talking about the [Princesses].
Why not? They were interesting, and Rabbiteater was curious. He had never met a [Princess]. He had expected more of someone who ruled a nation, honestly.
“Each one is different, Rabbiteater. There are no less than …How many are there now, Meisa?”
“I think—seven? Three [Princes]? I don’t know, I’m no Thronebearer, but it’s common enough knowledge, Rabbit. Calanfer is fairly well-known, and their royal family is all unique. At least, I’ve heard enough [Bards] extolling their virtues.”
“Ten children? All from the same father and mother?”
Rabbiteater was impressed. Markus nodded.
“The King of Calanfer hasn’t remarried. And it would be scandalous to have a bastard in the family. Not that it doesn’t happen…”
Politics and the intrigue of nations weren’t something Rabbiteater understood yet. But he did understand this. He whistled.
“Lots of sex. Calanfer’s royal family sounds good.”
“Rabbit!”
A Goblin’s perspective was…straightforward. Meisa and Markus were scandalized, but Rabbiteater thought they were the odd ones. You didn’t get ten kids without a lot of tries. Even Goblins would have respected that!
“Let’s just—get back to the [Princesses]. There are seven. Unless Her Majesty’s expecting?”
Markus coughed, red-eared. Meisa glowered at him as he turned to her.
“I’m not a Thronebearer, Markus. Let’s find Ilm!”
Ser Ilm was still reading his new spell, but he put it aside to talk. He rubbed at his head, and Rabbiteater suspected he too had study-headaches.
“Let me see. You want them all in order? And their titles?”
“They have titles?”
Rabbiteater was interested. Thus, he was introduced to the nicknames and virtues of each [Princess] and some of their personalities by Ilm, who did know what he was talking about.
“Let me see. Shardele the Radiant. First in line—married to a Calanferian noble. Radiant is a standard title for the 1st Princess, after Queen Marquin herself. She is a rather inspiring person, I’ve heard. Echoes the Eternal Throne and can even grant wondrous visions.”
“I believe I once met the woman when she was on tour. She seemed rather removed from the rest of the court. Not aloof—visionary.”
Markus offered. He had been in Pheislant at the time. Ilm shrugged. Neither [Knight] had the real context on Shardele, who was often aloof, and higher than the clouds overhead.
“She may well rule after Their Majesties if no issue emerges. Next is…Menisi the Watchful. Seldom seen and married to another nation. I’m blanking on which one, but she is somewhat scandalous. I don’t know much, but that is her reputation to me.”
Rabbiteater didn’t really care about the [Princesses] not here and said so. Ilm smiled.
“Fair enough. Of the three here, Princess Aielef is 3rd in line, hence her marriage to a historical ally in Kaliv. Aielef the Fierce.”
“About as fierce as angry little dogs.”
All three [Knights] slapped Rabbiteater on the shoulder, but Ilm just sighed as he rubbed his hand.
“Kaliv’s reputation and their nicknames…do not always align, Rabbiteater. I do know—and this is scandalous, but might be important—that she, ah, has had trysts that are somewhat public. Then again, so has her husband. Her two daughters are of royal lineage, though.”
Rabbiteater hadn’t met either one, but he knew Aielef’s daughters were here. His lips moved.
“What’s tryst?”
