8.73 R
Page 12
Markus and Rabbiteater turned and saw Princess Aielef, in a retiring evening dress, somewhat starry, sequins sewn onto dark fabric, standing in the doorway leading to her personal venue. It was a rather fetching dress, and Markus could see it at a more intimate ball setting.
His mind raced. A few facts were obvious—Aielef had not had a [Servant] open the door. Ergo, no [Servant] was present. This was definitely not a mixup in invitations.
Rabbiteater bowed, helmet still on, and Markus, helmetless, bowed too. Aielef looked keenly at Rabbiteater, then smiled.
“Shall we adjourn to my parlor to begin with? And do I have the fascinating privilege of meeting—the renowned and mysterious Ser Solstice?”
“Maybe.”
She laughed at that and then beckoned them in.
Uh oh, she’s being informal. Markus tried to catch Rabbiteater’s attention, but the Hobgoblin happily dragged Markus in, and he was strong.
The doors shut behind Markus, and he realized one last thing. They were definitely soundproofed.
 
——
 
Forty minutes later, Markus saw a side of Aielef he never would have dreamed of. They had not lasted long in the parlor, but moved to her most private rooms that even Seraphel and Vernoue had not seen.
As for intimacy—he and Rabbiteater were so intimate that neither one would ever look at Aielef the same again. Markus’ body trembled in repose with some actual physical effort.
Rabbiteater just stood there. Watching.
“…And turn your head just a bit to the side. Perfect. Your arm is a little down again, Ser Markus.”
The [Spring Knight] lifted it, and Aielef du Marquin industriously kept sketching his form with her brush. Then she made him change positions as she eyed her canvas.
She was painting him. And Rabbiteater, but Markus had a more involved pose. Rabbiteater just stood, arms folded, a grim sentinel with perhaps that flash of red in his eyes. A cloak of red blood spilling around him, and the enchanted axe leaning against one leg.
He was a look unto himself. Markus, helmetless, was trying out poses so Aielef could capture them on canvas.
Not, as it happened, lure them into an intimate encounter of the slippery kind. Rabbiteater kept staring at Markus and he knew that if the Hobgoblin told Talia or Meisa, he would never hear the end of it.
It was a young man’s ego that made him assume that any clandestine meeting was about one part of him. Aielef was a [Princess]. If she wanted something, she could get it without much fuss.
But what she had wanted was…well, this.
The two [Knights] stood in her personal observatory at the top of the keep. The strategic weakness of the ceiling lay above them, but Markus understood now—it was a definite flaw, yet it was not just vanity that had made Aielef du Marquin overrule any objections to have it installed.
It was a pure, beautiful view of the stars. Twinkling lights of every color lay above them, and Aielef retired here to paint. She had painted every way the constellations changed as the year slowly turned.
They hung around the room, dark swirls of black and blue mixed with the delicate colors of stars, how the sun fell or rose on Kaliv.
Aielef painted the landscape—and people. In fact, she had one of those classic ‘apple’ paintings, an apple as a bird pecked at it.
It was so real that Rabbiteater kept staring at it. He was no art expert, and, in fact, Aielef was the first [Painter] that Rabbiteater had ever met and talked to. He was fairly certain he’d once raided a caravan and bonked a [Paint Merchant] over the head, but that didn’t count.
