8.73 R
Page 7
Ailendamus had encircled the fort, but declined to attack. A token force was going to keep them boxed in while the rest of the army marched down the pass. Rabbiteater was relieved not to face death, in a sense, but he groaned as he realized something.
“We’re stuck here. Going to be really boring.”
He supposed he’d have plenty of time to work on his new auras. At least Hearth—Bravery wasn’t going to be used much unless he had to start eating bugs. In fact, after some debate, Talia and the Order of Seasons, Huges, and the [Fortress Keeper] came to the same conclusion.
Sallying out of the walls was idiotic; the enemy had their crossbows and a few Greatbows trained on the keep. They were effectively shut out until this Great General forced the issue or retreated, so they might as well settle in. Everyone resigned themselves to a protracted siege; at least there was lots of food in Aielef’s personal keep.
Rabbiteater expected the days would drag, filled with aura training and maybe special time with Meisa. But he had made one miscalculation:
The Goblin Knight was not prepared for the shenanigans of [Princesses].
 
——
 
[Princesses] could not stop being [Princesses] even in a siege. And with three of them, their instincts made them do what they always did.
Which was squabble, vie for attention, and generally demand some kind of drama.
At least, that was how Talia put it.
“They are still [Princesses] of Calanfer. Treat them with utmost respect…and, ah, heed their invitations.”
“Invitations?”
Rabbiteater was in her company, and she glanced at him. They had that wary not-quite-friendship that had lasted since she had come to his aid, but the road to reconciliation was long, and Rabbiteater was doing no jogging here.
Indeed, there was little training, just a bit of morning practice, even for the [Knights]. They devoted their time to watching scrying orbs, debating the war, and refining their auras—or memorizing spells, in Ilm’s case. Apparently, there were some high-level spells he’d just been sent from the Fall’s Sentinel.
Rabbiteater had practiced making aura-pizza until his head felt like it was splitting. Any practice was good practice, although the Order of Seasons had a lot of training and tricks. Markus was still a bit upset that Rabbiteater could manifest his aura already…and that it was a pizza slice.
While he waited for his head to stop hurting, the Hobgoblin talked with Talia, and she was going around lecturing the Order of Seasons on how to behave.
“I have already received a dining invitation from Princess Aielef and her closest circle. Ser Ilm, you are representing the Autumn.”
“Ah…is this crucial, Dame Talia? I may well learn a Tier 5 spell.”
Ser Ilm didn’t seem happy about the invitation. Talia glowered at him.
“You are representing your Season, Ser Ilm. And this is Calanfer. They would remember the slight; it’s a dinner with the 3rd Princess.”
“Argh. Oh, very well.”
The Fall Knight threw up his hands, and Rabbiteater leaned over. They were having a rather fine meal of eggs. Not just eggs—some kind of weird but delightfully hot and tasty baked eggs recipe. It was using a lot of the most perishable ingredients, and Rabbiteater had almost done a backflip when he realized that was what they’d be eating.
Unlike other sieges, it was the fortress that changed how the siege went. Aielef’s fortress had a lot of faults that Rabbiteater would soon learn—but a lack of food was not one of them. The 3rd Princess had cuisine and ingredients from around the world, and because this was her home, it was preserved by magic.
