8.73 R
Page 26
Even Ailendamus knew his name. He had defeated three [Generals], or so Seraphel heard.
But was the man mad? Surely he was, because he did not stop at the head of the courtyard. He walked through the shattered gates still steaming with the heat of the magic that had ripped them aside, over broken stone, and out of the gates.
There was only one thing he could be doing. Seraphel’s lips moved. Aielef got there first.
“He’s surrendering. Of course! An Izrilian [Knight] can do it without loss of honor! I could kiss him.”
She put a hand over her breast and sighed in relief. Seraphel looked at her older sister. Then she stomped on Aielef’s toes.
“You idiot.”
There was only one thing any reasonable person could think he was doing. The Goblin Slayer stood in the broken gate as Ailendamus caught sight of him. He had even put a feather on his helmet. He raised the axe high overhead—and then cast it down. He planted the blade in the ground, lifted his shield, and faced the army of Ailendamus.
Then he gave them the middle finger.
The advancing warriors of Ailendamus saw the Goblin [Knight] standing in the open gates. The [General of the Line] calmly spotted the officer-killer and identified the threat. He halted the advance of Ailendamus forces’ a second and raised a hand.
“Greatbow One. Loose.”
A Greatbow fired like thunder.
 
——
 
“Rabbiteater!”
Meisa shouted, and Markus’ voice joined hers. The rest of the Order of Seasons had been fighting to get to him, but the Dawn Concordat and Pheislant’s forces were stopping them from dying with him.
The Greatbow of Ailendamus loosed a bolt, a solid chunk of metal possibly only…what? Fifteen pounds?
At a velocity sufficient to punch a hole in plate armor with [Unerring Aim]. A low-level Skill. Even an [Innkeeper] had that kind of Skill.
It flew towards the gates and the open figure as [Soldiers] stood aside from the opening even as they readied for attackers. It could punch through six of them lined up, and it would knock even more flat if they didn’t evade it.
The [Knight] never moved. He saw the flash and the dark iron bolt flying at him.
It’s slower than I th—
Then it hit him. The impact was the heaviest thing that Rabbiteater had ever felt. He had never, truly, felt Greydath hit him. But it was the only thing that Rabbiteater could imagine that was—
The [Knight] reeled. His friends screamed his name, and the [Princesses] covered their mouths. Vernoue covered her eyes—then peeked.
The gore as the bolt went through his body and pinned him to the ground like a metal butterfly, red viscera seeping from—
“Huh? He’s not dead?”
What they had expected to see didn’t happen. The [Knight] went stumbling backwards, slamming into one gate. But he was not dead.
He was swearing as loud as they had ever heard. In a mix of regular language and that strange, chittering tongue as the Lance-Arrow, bent, dropped from his shield and he kicked it away.
“Did he just…block a Lance-Arrow?”
Seraphel couldn’t believe her eyes. She hadn’t considered that was possible. Or, even if she thought you could gain the Skills for that—who would try it?
But yes, Vernoue squeaked as her shield and a [Champion]’s Skills revealed a dent.
Just a single pockmark in the center. Rabbiteater was waving his arm around so it wasn’t broken—but he’d possibly cracked the bone? Yet he hadn’t died.
The sight of anyone standing after taking a Lance-Arrow was one thing. Everyone expected him to retreat—but the [Knight] didn’t. He set himself.
And another Greatbow fired.
