8.73 R
Page 22
Then the Aura of the Hearth faded, and Rabbiteater was left panting. He looked at Seraphel as she and the Order of Seasons sat there. The Goblin pointed at the [Princess], jabbing his finger so aggressively he would have caused a minor incident in a royal court.
“She may have run away from home. She might be young. And she’s probably stupid. But I look at you three [Princesses]. You’re…Meisa. What’s the word for…”
He turned to Meisa and rattled something off in a screeching tongue. Meisa hesitated, because she wasn’t learning Goblin fast, and Rabbiteater snapped his fingers.
“Depressing. You. And Aielef. And Vernoue. Lyonette ran from duty. She may be a bad [Princess], but I think she was high-level. And guess what?”
He leaned forwards, and Seraphel leaned back. She thought she saw the hint of…a face? Was that a flash of red? Rabbiteater spoke right to her.
“When she smiled, I believed her.”
Then he turned, furious, stalked over to the door, and hesitated. Everyone saw him turn back, kick the chair he’d been sitting in across the room, then storm over to the door and slam it on the way out.
In the dead silence, after about fifteen seconds, Rabbiteater opened the door.
“Do something with your life, stupid!”
He pointed at Seraphel—then slammed the door again.
 
——
 
Rabbiteater was so uncharacteristically mad at Seraphel—more than Talia, more than almost anyone he’d ever met—that he forgot the war was going on for a bit.
Even Tyrion Veltras hadn’t infuriated him as much. Because he looked at Seraphel and saw a brave person hidden behind a wretched [Princess]. All of them, Aielef, Vernoue, Seraphel—
They would have made for happier, better Goblins.
Rabbiteater wished they had met Erin, because he felt like she would have hit them with a frying pan and helped them.
He could not. Among other reasons—on the fourth day, Ailendamus’ Great General remembered the keep.
Four days of bitter fighting and she must have come to a decision that having three bottled [Princesses] in theory wasn’t worth much as three in hand.
In short, she decided that they’d make good captives and perhaps force the Lightherald out of the battle. Or force him to try and rescue them.
Only Eldavin could have interceded in the battle, or the Griffin Prince, and neither one seemed to think the three [Princesses] mattered that much. Everyone else would have to cut through Ailendamus’ entire army and the token rearguard that outnumbered the defenders.
To take down the keep, which was still a proper fortress of Kaliv, and steal the [Princesses], General Dionamella entrusted the [General] holding this spot with an elite guard of [Knights]—including three hundred Knights of the Hydra from the capital—with four Greatbows.
Four.
She had already insulted the worthless honor of the Order of Seasons with the bare thousand soldiers holding them in check. They would have sallied forth…if not for the fact that there were three hundred Order of the Hydra [Knights], unmounted, two dozen Order of the Thirsting Veil [Knights], and three Drell Knights.
Talia Kallinad was aware that if they tried, the Order of Seasons would get kicked just like last time.
The four Greatbows she added to the thousand-some [Soldiers] were insulting. Unless you’d seen them in action. Rabbiteater eyed the crossed bows, an ‘x’ shape made up of two bows joined at the center. They were metal, sleek, and so huge that a team had to crank them back to fire the Lance-Arrows, which were giant metal arrows that could kill a low-level [Knight] in a single hit.
