8.73 R
Page 17
When Ser Ilm looked at Rabbiteater, it was with genuine respect.
“…Yes. Yes, that would align with his notions, wouldn’t it? It is still a dramatic request, but you have some of Fall’s wisdom, Ser Solstice.”
“Yep.”
They headed back to the discussion, and Ilm promised to forward the idea to Venoriat, much to Vernoue’s clear delight. It was obvious she didn’t often get much progress on that idea.
Rabbiteater felt pleased with himself and liked Vernoue like any other [Mage]. She was weird about magic. But not that bad. Besides, it was a good idea.
Vernoue started with a ‘V’. So did Venoriat. You had to look for that kind of thing.
 
——
 
Still, both 3rd and 5th Princesses were sort of sad. So Rabbiteater was prepared for the [Princess of Depression] herself, the Cursed Princess Seraphel, not to disappoint.
Markus, Meisa, Talia, and Ilm met with Seraphel. In fact, she entertained more [Knights] than the other two [Princesses] for short gatherings. It seemed that Seraphel didn’t have as much of a selfish reason other than politely filling their time, and she had written as much. The [Knights] were free to occupy their time with any pressing matters, but curiosity seemed to motivate even Ser Ilm to attend.
Princess Seraphel du Marquin was the most interesting [Princess] by far for a few reasons. Firstly, she was the first [Princess] who didn’t ask Rabbiteater to remove his helmet because she’d heard about his vow. Second?
She looked far more at ease than the other two [Princesses]. Still under duress, but the pressure of the siege and fear had loosened the tongues of the other two. Seraphel?
She’d done this before.
“I have had the misfortune of surviving two sieges last year. In quick order. It rather gets old. Although I prefer this genteel siege to the other two. The first one had undead clawing at the walls day and night. The smell of it was dire enough.”
“You survived an undead siege, Your Highness? I heard of that. A rogue [Necromancer]?”
Seraphel’s face fell. She ran a hand around her cup, then kept pouring tea for the small company.
“Afiele, yes. A terrible time. I thank you all for your bravery in fighting this war. I only regret that Aielef, Vernoue, and I can do so very little. If it were a battle, I could at least distract the enemy—but I believe we’ll surrender if they get to us.”
“Interesting. You have a battle-Skill? What is it?”
Rabbiteater leaned forwards, but Talia pulled him back subtly. Meisa glared at Talia, and Seraphel’s expression was wan. Which meant sad.
“Nothing to boast of, Ser Solstice. Just a few levels gained during the siege. I was not pivotal. Others…made the true difference. And the one Skill I do have that could change the odds—cannot work on you.”
All the [Knights] blinked at this. She had a Skill that could actually move the battlefield?
“May I ask what its nature is, Princess du Marquin? Perhaps it can be used.”
Seraphel waved this off, looking flustered. She gazed at Ser Ilm, then sighed.
“I suppose I’ve put my foot in it. Believe me, Ser Ilm, I would have volunteered it if I thought it were applicable. It is not. I could strengthen your company, [Knights] or [Soldiers]—but only if you were dead.”
“Ooh. Tricky.”
Rabbiteater was the only person who spoke into the silence with an understanding nod. Everyone else exchanged glances.
“…Noelictus no doubt…”
Talia murmured to Meisa. The conversation changed fast, as if this were scandalous. Which Rabbiteater felt was too bad, because he just bet there was a reason a [Princess] had a Skill that worked on the undead.
