8.73 R
Page 25
“Unlike that [General], they’ll fight you with everything they have. The Order of Seasons underestimated them, but you know better. Commonfolk. The Order of the Hydra are still true [Knights].”
Zel was analyzing them. Rabbiteater nodded. As brave and good as Redfangs; there could be no higher compliment.
“Yep. Their only weakness is they have stupid rules.”
They were like Talia. Painfully good and straightforward and, perhaps, incapable of change. He hoped she would. But the idea stirred something in his head.
“Hey, you want this flag or not? It’s getting heavy. How did I carry it all battle?”
Imaginary-Erin waved it at him. The Goblin’s head rose. Erin saw he had an idea and smiled, trusting him to run away if it got too bad.
Have an adventure. She turned the flag and offered the plain wooden haft to him, like a sword. Rabbiteater rose. He looked at her, her smile—and wished and hoped they’d see each other again.
Then he walked through her without taking the flag. Imaginary Erin vanished with a sigh.
“Aw. Rude.”
But she sounded proud.
 
——
 
Ailendamus was coming, and Rabbiteater was nowhere to be found. Seraphel heard Talia, who was standing with them for their decision before heading to the fighting, discussing the issue.
She wondered if Ser Solstice had decided there was nothing for him here.
That was a cruel thought, but she was still upset by their conversation. And thinking. But as they watched the advance of Ailendamus, she knew that they weren’t going to last thirty minutes.
“So many [Knights]. How can one nation field so many?”
Aielef was pale as she saw the glittering forms in armor advancing. Seraphel resisted the urge to tell her that it was all about the size of the nation. But Aielef had a point; the Great General could send six hundred [Knights] to take this keep like Calanfer could spare…six…casually. Her escort into Noelictus—for a [Princess]—had been two dozen.
The Greatbows of Ailendamus volleyed—once. Soldiers trying to take the battlements to loose arrows fled or died.
Thunder. Seraphel saw the last fight drain out of the [Fortress Keeper] with that. He had a Skill, a good one.
[Defenders: Resistance to Arrows]. It would have made them difficult to fell from any ordinary army. It did almost nothing to the giant Lance-Arrows.
“[Princesses]. We will fight as long as we can. I will…let you know when there is no more time. I hope you will make the best decision. By the Eternal Throne and Kaliv. To arms!”
The man turned to them, and Seraphel was the only one of the three who nodded. Talia also moved to leave and fight with her people. Ailendamus’ war drums were sounding, growing louder as they cheered, as if they had already won. Only silence in the keep.
Then Seraphel saw Ser Solstice. He walked out of wherever he had been waiting, and that mysterious [Knight] who had met Lyonette appeared.
Like a figure from stories, he passed through the lines of the infantry in the courtyard, braced for the first push. They parted, and Seraphel saw them exclaiming. When some saw what he was doing, they almost tried to stop him.
“Is he taking his place at the vanguard?”
Vernoue was confused. But Seraphel’s eyes widened.
He had changed nothing about his armor. A cloak of red billowed behind him, blood. He had said it was the blood of his brother.
He carried a single, golden axe with jade-green edges, and the shield that Vernoue had enchanted. The armor of a [Champion] gleamed on his body. Not all one color and scratched in places.
The Goblin Slayer of Izril.
