8.73 R
Page 3
Pillars of light exploded, summoned warriors fought Ailendamus at no cost to Eldavin, and he rained down magic on Ailendamus’ forces. The Great General had to keep maneuvering her people to stop him from simply erasing entire battalions—but he couldn’t kill her. Nor she him, but if she broke the Dawn Concordat, he would be one man versus an army.
The second problem, though, was Tyrion Veltras. He was no Eldavin, capable of vast spellcasting, but Dionamella struggled to kill him, too. The [Lord] dodged one of her railgun spells with ease; he rode like lightning across the battlefield, erasing his opponents in a single charge before peeling off. And he had [Lords] and [Ladies] and artifacts to boot.
The Banner of House Veltras was a relic-class artifact that one of his people carried. Rabbiteater saw a woman planting it just once as he glowered at Tyrion.
“Get hit. Get hit—damn.”
Talia gave Rabbiteater an odd look as the Goblin cheered for Ailendamus, just for a second. Just in this case! But no, that stupid [Lord] was quick.
Worse, he might be counter-levelling. It was rare that Tyrion would face a foe beyond him, but the Great General of Ailendamus was just that. And his stupid banner…
…Conjured two Earth Elementals.
Not big ones, not nearly like the ones Rabbiteater had seen on the scrying orb of Gaarh Marsh and the Gnolls. But they appeared and began fighting around the banner—before the Great General blew one to bits.
It seemed like it took two days for them to recharge.
“Stupid banner.”
Goblins didn’t have banners. They didn’t get shiny armor unless they looted it. All of this stank to Rabbiteater, but he had to admit the most surprising third element in the resistance to the Great General was…
The Lightherald of Calanfer.
Rabbiteater had heard, throughout the entire war, the Order of Seasons ragging on the Thronebearers. Indeed, from what he saw, the [Knights] weren’t great. They lost to the Order of the Hydra. They lost to the few Drell Knights. They lost to the Order of the Thirsting Veil and to some regular [Soldier] groups en masse.
Yet the Lightherald fought.
“To me, sons and daughters of Calanfer! By the Eternal Throne, give them not one inch!”
His voice was so loud that Rabbiteater heard it from the fortress. He stood, sword and shield raised, his ancient armor shining like a second dawn, even by night. He did not ride upon any mount; the poor animal would have been dead from the light and probably the weight of that armor.
“‘Tis the armor of no less than Queen Marquin herself. I have heard it is an entire relic-class set bequeathed to the champions of Calanfer.”
Ser Ilm was familiar with the armor. Rabbiteater grunted as the [Knights] watched, fairly in awe of the most knightly, chivalrous sight in the world.
A single man, the Lightherald, standing in the fore of battle, daring any warrior, even Dionamella, to down him, day after day. It was the most glorious, most stupid thing ever, and Rabbiteater…admired it.
He also had a thought.
“Marquin was a big lady.”
Ilm hesitated, and Talia, Markus, and the other [Knights] all turned to him. Rabbiteater just looked back blankly.
What? It was true. That armor was huge.
Still, even a relic-class suit of armor was only armor. The man inside counted, and what surprised Rabbiteater, and probably everyone else, was that the Lightherald…refused to die.
The Great General sent [Knights] against him, and he battered them down. She threw spells which his armor absorbed. He took Lance-Arrows to the shield and was surrounded by the enemy, and he refused to die.
