8.73 R
Page 30
And every Goblin in existence watching laughed themselves sick. The live feed of this scene saw the Drell Knight, inaudible at a remove, arguing fiercely. Pointing—they even put probable subtitles under him.
Pick up your weapons, Ser! I demand a fair match!
Up yours. Fight me with your fists!
Ser Solstice brandished his fists, taunting, mocking the [Knight] as the Orders of Ailendamus booed and jeered. Yet—the Drell Knight was stuck.
He could not strike an unarmed opponent, and this was a legitimate form of combat. Even genteel in the sense that neither one would likely die.
Even so, no honorable [Knight] would ever dream of doing it. None—except perhaps a Goblin who wanted to win. And it was still a Level 41, now fairly angry, [Drell Knight of Shifting] versus a Level 34 [Champion].
Also—the first punch the Drell Knight threw turned into a feint as he vanished, reappeared on Rabbiteater’s left, and threw a full-body punch. Rabbiteater’s elbow hit him full-force in the face, and then the Goblin grabbed the arm and threw him. Then he mounted the Drell Knight and began to punch, hammering the man’s face into the ground.
A Redfang warrior, trained in hand-to-hand combat along with every other weapon under the sun. Unlike [Knights] who almost never trained in fisticuffs since they’d always have a weapon, and, besides, could fight well enough on their own, Redfangs were prepared to have no weapon at all.
Erin Solstice used to wake up to the sight of five Redfang Hobs kicking the hell out of each other in four-on-one fights sometimes.
For forty agonizing seconds, the Drell Knight was unable to throw Rabbiteater, and the [Knight] punched him in the helmet with his armored gauntlets, putting his full weight behind each blow. When he did finally manage to shift out of the pin, he ate a flying kick from Rabbiteater.
The Goblin was as good on the ground as he was at striking. [Knights] were not [Grapplers]. They had no concept of joint locks; the best they could do was restrain an opponent. Climbing all over your enemy was not to be done unless it was a Giant.
Rabbiteater took the Drell Knight down and then broke his arm. The armor, which could withstand arrows and magic, still contained mortal flesh and bones that snapped if you twisted it up, up—
That was hard enough to watch, but the Drell Knight kept fighting. He was a brave warrior, and with one arm, he kept fighting for seven more minutes. When he finally went down, Rabbiteater had dented his helmet into a twisted shape, broken one arm, and an ankle.
Then he pointed down the hill and challenged the next [Knight]. By now, he was facing the outraged [Knights] of Ailendamus, who saw the trick and disapproved. They hadn’t minded him standing there, but hand-to-hand fighting? Pins? Grapples?
Even the Order of Seasons were aghast. But [Knights]…
They came up the hill and challenged him. The next was a Thirsting Veil Knight, who spent fifteen minutes demanding he pick up the blade she offered him. At last, enraged, she dropped the sword, and he kicked the crap out of her.
Third was the Knight of the Hydra, and they traded punches and kicks the longest, the [Knight] being most familiar with fighting.
Three [Knights] downed, Rabbiteater looked up and a Drell Knight dismounted.
“I challenge you, Ser.”
Seraphel, in the audience, saw a [Knight]’s logic and honor at play. Rabbiteater straightened as the Drell Knight dismounted. There was no arguing this time. Nor did they give him a chance to recover, just gulp down a stamina potion.
