8.73 R
Page 0

The war against the Dawn Concordat, as mentioned, was a gripping affair concerning the fate of now five nations, given Pheislant’s involvement, and continental repercussions in the short term at the least.
It got little billing abroad. Yes, updates were shared daily by Wistram News Network and the other burgeoning magic-television networks to fill air time—a problem that they were all realizing they’d face—but by and large, no battles or speeches or singular events were shown.
For instance, an ordinary conversation abroad might be…
“What’s new about that Ailendamus thing?”
“Uhm…still at war, I think.”
“Ah. Pass the fried oats, will you?”
The average cosmopolitan Centaur household did not care about the war or find it that interesting, especially in Baleros. Mind you, the average household did not fry oats. Some Centaurs were just weird.
When the Wind Runner of Reizmelt tried to kill the Archmage of Memory and then a [Princess] and [Lord] were exploded on-screen, that was when the war returned to the forefront of the news. The greatest betrayal ever—or possibly a sign she was mind-controlled? Corrupted? Or just an asshole?
It was fascinating—but even someone like Lyonette du Marquin, who had been watching from the start as she prepared to go after her daughter, in her own center of attention in a worldwide event—even she could not see what lay behind the scenes.
Everyone knew what Ryoka had done, but the why, the investigations into the attack on her life?
That—was ongoing.
 
——
 
The room was dark. Well, not just ‘dark’. It was a literal void into which magic, sound, and other sensations vanished.
The only things allowed in here were what the interrogators wanted. And that was the very essence of fire and darkness—but melded together.
The odor of the Lucifen was not brimstone, which smelled like bad eggs, but oil and metal. Like a nation which ran smoothly on crimson liquid as thick as blood. When they smiled, it was sharply. Like the swing of a headman’s axe.
“Someone tried to kill Ryoka Griffin. You may be aware of this fact.”
The suspect said nothing but shook like a leaf as Viscount Visophecin himself sat down. There was a way to interrogate with kindness, guile, and whatnot.
He didn’t bother. He placed a dagger, point-first, into the wooden desk to which the suspect was shackled, driving it into the wood. Two eyes followed the dark dagger—then met the Lucifen’s gaze. He was angry. Two pinpoints of searing crimson stared back.
“You are a suspect. No verdict has been rendered. If you speak, you will be judged fairly—and treated far better than any other…conspirators…for honesty. If you have nothing to say—we will let you go and continue our investigation.”
Fair—even if this was not exactly a pleasant conversation. Almost, the suspect relaxed until Visophecin, turning away to one of the Lucifen, looked back.
“If it is you, or we find you were involved in any way and do not inform us—you will suffer for eighteen years. In the interest of honesty, I will tell you what will occur over all eighteen years. Rest assured…you will survive till the end.”
Two eyes went wide, and the suspect struggled to get free. Visophecin began to speak, conjuring a rather vivid image from memory. It was rare that the Lucifen employed all of their knowledge in cruelty. But they did for the right crimes. He waited for a confession or clue—
But all he got was panicked bleating. The Sariant Lamb claimed it knew nothing.
The other Lucifen watched as Visophecin tormented the lamb. Was it on the top of the suspect list?
