8.73 R
Page 6
However, Talia’s face was the image of respect as she bowed again to Aielef and kissed the proffered hand.
“It would be our honor, Your Highness. I must beg forgiveness; there may be but minutes until Ailendamus attacks.”
“M-minutes?”
Aielef’s confident facade wavered noticeably. She glanced at the [Fortress Keeper].
“But they’re quite far off…we are [Princesses] of Calanfer. They are no doubt here to take us prisoner for the war. I trust you all know we must be defended?”
“Absolutely, Your Highness. However—their Lance-Arrows might reach the walls even at this range.”
“They’ll fire on us? But we could be killed!”
Aielef’s voice squeaked. However, the other [Princess], Seraphel, just made an impatient sound.
“They are not about to hand out flowers and come knocking at our gates, Aielef. We have protections. Let’s get out of the way of our defenders—unless you want to stand on the battlements? I’d wager your tiara could take one shot from a Lance-Arrow. Care to try?”
The glare Seraphel got from Aielef was intense, but Rabbiteater grinned under his helmet. He knew which [Princess] he liked already.
Talia bowed until the three had retreated. Vernoue had not said much, but she had nodded to Ilm, who had bowed slightly; she must have been a spellcaster.
The rest of the hour was a blur of getting into position. Rabbiteater scarfed down some potage and wished he could have savored it, but it was just there to fill his stomach in case of battle.
For an hour, he sat as [Soldiers] filled the inner keep, hallways, and took up positions on the battlements. He was not in the courtyard open to the air; Ailendamus might hit it with spells.
He was inside, in the inner keep, ready to fight in close-quarters with Meisa, Markus, and Ilm. They waited as Ailendamus encircled the keep…and waited…
And then the first offer of surrender came. Rabbiteater got word of it; a runner came down the halls.
“Ailendamus’ Great General has offered surrender and repatriation to our countries without harm or ransom for all if we surrender, save for the [Princesses]!”
The others stirred. Rabbiteater’s head rose.
“Ooh. Good offer.”
Markus elbowed him, but even Rabbiteater wasn’t inclined to actually take it. The young man panted.
“The [Fortress Keeper] replied that we will hold these walls until our deaths!”
“Ah. Less fun.”
“Rabbiteater! This is serious!”
Meisa scolded him, but the Hobgoblin just grinned. What was wrong with joking in the face of death? Ilm was covering his visor to stifle his chuckles.
The runner went off, and Rabbiteater waited. He expected battering rams, those Lance-Arrows, siege spells, or just people warning about ladders incoming. He hadn’t seen any siege towers, but maybe they could go in bags of holding?
Trebuchets?
He got nothing. No shouting, just periodic updates to say that the army was moving past the walls—that the [Princesses] had praised the courage of the defenders—that His Majesty of Calanfer and the Griffin Queen were aware of their siege by now—
Rabbiteater realized there was no attack coming an hour and a half after arriving at the fortress. He tossed down his axe and lay down, pulling out a ragged pillow.
“Rabbit! We’re on guard!”
“They’re not coming. It’s getting dark. They’d come already if they were. Or started shooting arrows.”
The Goblin’s words turned out to be prophetic. Indeed, Markus and Meisa decided to relax, and so did Ilm and the others. He was the most experienced warrior, they all realized, and Talia gave the order to relax thirty minutes after that.
