8.74 DR
Page 2
He was too quick. He slew an officer, riding through the battle, lance ramming home through a breastplate before she could reposition.
A seasoned warrior. The Griffin Prince was truly immortal; she tried to sever the Stitch Witch’s bindings, but again, could not unless she was up close. She was no expert in whatever curse or hex had been woven; her time-sped soldiers impaled his companions, and he fled, but survived even [Disintegration].
The Lightherald’s armor took her spells too, and the brave champion of Calanfer was better than the Thronebearers who fell to their counterparts in her army. Dioname would have tackled any threat alone in that first hour, but together, all three were thorns. But yes—thorns she could pluck and crush in the first battle.
Save for him…she looked up and saw a half-Elf with burning wings pointing down at her. Dioname threw up her hands.
“[Spell-Aegis of the Wyrm Queen]!”
“[Pillar of Flame, Unbounded].”
Her spell covered her position, and the searing blast of fire did not consume her flesh. The Great General’s return spell and her archers’ arrows criss-crossed the skies, and the Archmage of Memory retreated, cursing as his barrier-spells waned.
However, he was being linked to every [Mage] in his faction, hundreds. Worse? Far worse?
She could not stop all his spells.
Ailendamus’ [Soldiers] looked up in confusion and saw the pillar of light for just a second before it fell and turned all to ash. Dioname looked up. When she saw the magic coalescing, before the spear of ice split the earth and shook the world, she threw a hand out.
“Tarry not! Flee or die, and feet take wing!”
Ancient orders and wording—or at least, a hundred years old—but the [Soldiers] understood. They ran, and the spell, which took three seconds to unleash itself, missed them completely.
Four hundred souls given thirty-one seconds. 12,400 seconds. 
Too many minutes. Too much time, but time stopped for them to move. She could have let them die, but they fell upon the Dawn Concordat, shouting her name. Dioname looked up and saw her false kin’s look of unease. She twitched a finger at him, beckoning him downwards.
He took the bait, and the Archmage of Memory descended. He had a sword-spell of Drath, [Disintegration] spells aiming for her heart, and a type of magic that mixed with alchemy, trying to ensnare her very nature.
She wondered if he’d earned his strength. Dioname faced him down and sensed no Skills. So perhaps he was like Rhisveri’s kind. In which case, he was arrogant. They always were.
“[剑圣 – 心火之刃]!”
Time slowed for Dioname, the most economical use of it. His magic was blazing so bright, she couldn’t slow him—but so what? The Archmage’s eyes went round as she cast two spells—and used a Skill befitting her level.
“[Thorns of the World Tree: Bneiisrye].”
She called upon a dead name that Fithea had bequeathed to her. Yet even in death—the greatest magic of druids and Dryads shattered his barriers. Still, he swung the sword, and she reached out.
“[Summon Armament: Lawkeeper of the Agelum].”
Both of them suffered for that. She felt the crawl of pure lightning eating away at her. He recoiled from a searing radiance that even the Lightherald winced to behold. He backed up as she pointed a finger at him.
“[Vortex Into Nowhere].”
She missed. The Archmage of Memory retreated and did not try that again.
By the end of the first day, Dioname understood her foes, and not even the Archmage of Memory was her equal.
That did not mean she underestimated them. She just saw them for who they were:
Incomplete.
