8.74 DR
Page 11
“Unfair, I say, Dame Knight! Unfair!”
Markus raised a hand, and Rabbiteater nearly kicked him over the battlements. Merila just raised her eyebrows.
“I have heard Ser Solstice dueled my kin at the gates, Ser Knight of the Order of Seasons. Why not me? Am I no less a [Knight]? I tell you what—let’s settle this with our hands, eh?”
She raised one fist, and Rabbiteater started laughing. Nothing she said was wrong! Again, he saluted her. He liked her.
“Of every [Knight] I meet. You. Merila?”
She eyed him, and her eyes lit up as Rabbiteater bowed slightly.
“You are a [Knight]. I accept.”
“Rabbit!”
Meisa tried to stop him, but the Goblin just picked up his axe as Merila raised her blade to the sky.
“So be it! Clear a space! Take mount or whatever you wish, Ser Solstice! I am the Dame of the Hills, and by the Kingdom of Glass and Glory, I will bring you down!”
“You can’t win this. Don’t—even if you best her, it won’t change the battle. And you can’t. You and I and a dozen other [Knights] might have a chance. No more.”
Talia caught Rabbiteater as he descended the battlements. Merila was striding back as the true war was fought in the distance. He knew that was true, and all Talia said was probably right. That Great General was beyond him.
Even so, Rabbiteater patted her hand and then removed it from his shoulder.
“Silly Talia. She challenged me. I am [Knight]. So I go. That’s how it works.”
He had just insulted and made fools of all of Ailendamus’ [Knights]. Merila had splendidly, in true Goblin fashion, thrown it back in his face. As Erin would put it…
“She just reverse-unoed you, Rabbiteater. Oh, that’s a great game. Forget chess!”
He grinned as he strode out the gates and faced Merila just outside of the keep. The Dame had a sword longer than he was and a shield to match his axe.
“Are you resolved, Ser? I will not hold neither blow nor my strength. Some call me unchivalrous, but I cannot help that I was born. For my kingdom, I will dishonor myself.”
Her smile had gone, and she looked down at him. Twenty-eight feet tall.
What a beautiful warrior. If only she had been raised by Garen Redfang, she would not look so ashamed. These stupid Terandrians…Rabbiteater shook his head.
“You dishonor someone…never.”
She smiled sadly. Like the [Princesses]. Merila stood back and saluted him. Behind her stood [Knights] of Ailendamus. They, who had scorned him before for using their honor against them…
This day, the Orders of the Hydra, the Thirsting Veil, and Drell drew their blades and saluted the [Knight]. No less for a warrior who faced down the Dame of the Hills. He could have run.
He did not. Rabbiteater activated Headscratcher’s axe, and a glowing blade of energy grew.
A gigantic edge of magic. A bit of an equalizer. Merila grinned to see it. Rabbiteater’s cloak swirled around him as he nodded. The Dame of the Hill’s voice was filled with regret.
“I wish that we had met in another time. We might have been the greatest of friends.”
“Yes, of course.”
Then Rabbiteater leapt forwards, and the sword came down.
[Flash Strike]. Like lightning. The impact made the ground shake, and those watching from the walls of the keep shuddered. But the [Champion] was gone, rolling to his feet. Fast.
[Aspect of the Champion: Greater Speed]. Rabbiteater’s axe slashed at her foot, but she was already stepping back.
[Longstep], [Extended Reach]—
It was not fair to give a half-Giant these Skills! But lower-level Skills. She struggled to level and had to fight people with ten or more levels above her to find fair fights.
Rabbiteater—threw his shield up.
“[Giant’s Parry].”
