8.74 DR
Page 15
They did, and Seraphel waited. They were trying to check his armor, and someone nearly had his cuirass off to check whether he was injured when the [Knight] stirred. Rabbiteater sat up, kicked someone in the chest, and looked around.
“Ow.”
 
——
 
He woke up and felt his torn muscles and cracked bones mending. And he knew a few other things.
He’d lost.
The keep was falling.
And the Dame of the Hills was too strong.
Rabbiteater had tried, in their short duel, to do the only thing that would work. Namely, climb her, or bring her down via the legs, and do some critical damage to her head or at least remove one of her arms from the equation.
He couldn’t. She was too tough. If she were some lumbering brute, he would have had a chance, but she moved and reacted as fast as he did without Skills.
He couldn’t beat her.
“You saved me.”
Rabbiteater looked into Seraphel’s eyes, and the [Princess], still clutching at her back, dirty and panting, nodded.
“It seemed like the thing to do. You were being trampled.”
“Can you fight? Princesses…the keep will fall soon.”
Marshal Huges turned to Aielef, Vernoue, and Seraphel. He was asking them for an answer, and Aielef looked ready to grant it. But it was the Goblin who interrupted her.
“Not yet. I will clear the courtyard.”
He rose, and Huges hesitated. But Rabbiteater just stepped for the door. Seraphel had even managed to find his axe—but not his shield.
She had decent priorities. The Goblin stepped through the door.
Today—was a truly terrible day to—
He stepped into the courtyard and into a sudden hush. The advent of Ser Solstice, returned and willing to fight, the [Indomitable Champion]…
Did not cause the hush. What caused the silence, what had halted both sides from fighting, was the shadow over the keep and the world.
The Dame of the Hills.
“No more blood need be spilt. Princesses of Calanfer! I will have your surrender. Or I will drag you out myself.”
Dame Merila boomed as Rabbiteater looked up.
“…Fuck.”
She saw him, and the Hill-Knight smiled wider. But it was grimly.
“Ser Solstice. Enough is enough. The Dawn Concordat has lost this day. Please, persuade them to save just one more life.”
Rabbiteater stared up at that bright smile. The face of a true [Knight] of Ailendamus. Behind him, he knew, the [Princesses], the [Soldiers] were all looking at Merila and seeing the inescapable death.
The sky would fall on them if they fought. It was over.
The Goblin had seen the sky falling once before. Slowly, he hefted the enchanted axe onto his shoulder and stepped into the courtyard.
That bright flash of teeth faded. The Dame of the Hills looked down as Seraphel cried out in disbelief.
“Ser Solstice. You must surely jest. I am relieved you survived our first duel. I pray you do not force me to kill you. I cannot, will not hold back my blade.”
For the first time since they had met, she insulted him. The Goblin’s head rose. He pointed up at Merila with his free hand.
“Sister. How could you?”
“Whaaat?”
Aielef’s muffled shout from inside was in chorus with the rest of the world. Sister? What a twist!
However, Rabbiteater just meant it in the broader sense, like how Garen was his father. Merila’s own eyes widened as the [Knight] shouted up at her.
“You and I. We understand. How can you ask?”
“Ask?”
Rabbiteater’s heart beat painfully. He spread his arms, holding Headscratcher’s axe in one hand. He saw a waving white flag. Perhaps he was still delirious from the fighting.
