8.74 DR
Page 17
The last [Princess] who knew Rabbiteater had seen it all. His lowest moment. His glory! Helpless, stranded a continent away, and chasing after her daughter…
“I have to go after her. I will not go home. If I could have even gotten there and helped.”
Lyonette du Marquin gazed at the wounded [Knight] as he rose. The silent Thronebearers watched. Yet Ser Dalimont, seeing Princess Seraphel held back, saw something.
A glimmer of light. A tiny spark of…magic. Aura?
Or just hope. The [Princess] lifted a trembling finger. She had never tried this.
It felt like she was trying to lift a mountain with a single finger. The vast distance, a hostile battlefield—it weighed against her.
She pushed at it. If Erin Solstice could defy a Wall Lord of Salazsar, if Rabbiteater could challenge a half-Giant—why not her?
She was the 6th Princess of Calanfer. Lyonette the Fiery! Lyonette the disgrace! She had not deserved her class. She had been low-level, and few [Princesses] ever gained high levels.
But she had risen. The [Worldly Princess]’ voice shook as badly as her hand. Forcing the words out.
“[B—B—]”
“Princess?”
One of the Thronebearers thought she was having a panic attack! Ser Sest tried to touch her, and Dalimont shoved him backwards.
A light was growing. A flickering…Lyonette’s nose started bleeding. Even so, she pushed back.
“I have to go to Mrsha. But you—you! My kingdom. My people. Even my sisters! Rabbiteater!”
She shouted his name. You, who went so far from home! She wrestled with the power of the Great General of Ailendamus. Even though it was her nation and he fought for her people—it was so hard!
Then Lyonette remembered something. She was not the first. An [Innkeeper] had stood there and given him her blessing. He had been at her inn.
So Lyonette traced the path across the world. Just like Erin Solstice, she sent her will across this world. The only thing she could give.
To Rabbiteater, her friend, her guest. That brave [Knight].
Come back home safely.
Someday, we will meet again.
A sigil traced itself in the air. A glowing crest. It looked like a radiant throne. The symbol of House Marquin. The royal seal of Calanfer. It flashed, and Lyonette screamed the words.
“[Boon of the Princess]!”
At first—it seemed like nothing happened. Lyonette, shaking, looked despairingly at the scrying orb. Nothing happened. Rabbiteater struggled, with only blood on his armor. Then she remembered something Drassi had told her:
The scrying orbs were on a five-minute delay.
A light began to shine from Rabbiteater’s armor.
 
——
 
He felt something. Something…
Even as the sword crushed him down to the ground. Even as he fought on, against a foe he knew he couldn’t defeat.
He heard no levels. No class consolidation because he was doing what was really impossible. Not valorous or brave, or even pivotal. Just stupid.
Yet he felt as if someone did have his back. Why…why did he think of blue eyes? Red hair? Someone chasing after a little furball and laughing?
A kindly smile?
It was bright. Rabbiteater did not see the first glimmers of light. He did not hear the gasps—only saw Merila’s face as it grew uncertain.
“What is—”
She threw up a hand as the first golden ray of light appeared. It was tracing something in the air. On Rabbiteater’s armor. All those who knew their heraldry—even the basic flags—realized what it was.
The seal of Calanfer. Seraphel’s eyes went wide.
“Father? He can’t…”
There was no other explanation for it, though. Rabbiteater felt as if the world were growing brighter. He felt…
