8.74 DR
Page 10
It was not just seeing the Lightherald die. The Redfang felt it. This was the last day for the Dawn Concordat. They had lost their morale, and the Great General would crush them or they would slay her.
But his foe waited for him. So large they could see her, sitting, even as she slept. There was surely no blanket in the world large enough for the Dame of the Hills, Merila, but somehow she still had one. Ailendamus had convened countless [Seamstresses] and denuded so many sheep of their wool just to make it.
“You do not have to fight her, Rabbiteater. It’s a ridiculous thing. The Lightherald must have been forced to attack or quit the battle due to a Skill. Do not…don’t.”
That was all Talia said. Meisa had argued far longer, and Markus, Ilm, and the others nodded.
Rabbiteater just walked onto the battlements without a word. He saw her rising and looking towards him.
It had been a battle for stories, the Lightherald’s last stand. Terrible at the end—a man dying. Held up only by his spirit as he literally bled out of his armor. Bones crushed to jelly.
That was not why Rabbiteater feared Merila. He did not know her. Seraphel did. They had a history such that the Hill-Knight greeted the [Princess].
“Your Highness. We meet again on other sides of the battlefield. Fate has put us in each other’s way it seems.”
“Dame Merila.”
Seraphel said only that. Her face was pale, and she looked at Rabbiteater. He remembered her warning. As he met the half-Giant [Knight], Rabbiteater took her measure again.
No, he did not fear her for the reasons the others did. They saw something blatantly unfair. A half-Giant, just enough of her Human side to have classes and Skills, but as large as you could get before her other nature invalidated that artificial boon. A deliberate, perhaps, champion engineered by Ailendamus.
Rabbiteater didn’t hold that against Merila. Nor did the fact that she had killed the Lightherald—at least not in itself—make him fear her.
He feared Merila because he had seen how she fought the Lightherald. She had dueled Greysten again and again, and both had been unable to end the battle because the Summer’s Champion was higher-level than the Lightherald. And his fiery aura had kept Merila at bay.
Perhaps, neither had wanted to kill each other. But in the Great General’s pivotal battle, the Lightherald and Merila had fought to the death.
She had bled. The others looked at her size and strength and saw it was unfair, and maybe this was so. Rabbiteater had seen her bleeding, cut to the bone, struggling to slay a man armed with relics compared to the plain steel she had. He looked at her and saw…
A monster. As close to it as any [Knight] he could ever dream of. Someone who would be mocked or derided by her peers. Who was a target for arrows in every battle.
Someone who knew exactly what it was like to stand alone. Rabbiteater feared no regular [Knights]. But her?
She greeted him with a smile beneath her helm, watchful for an arrow from the battlements. Because they’d taken shots at her before, he was sure. An arrow to blind a giant.
“Ser Solstice. Or the eater of rabbits! You and I have unsettled business, Ser. You are welcome to remain here, and I doubt not a single soul will scorn you for it. But I? I challenge you, should you stand in the gates. I have dishonored my Order once, letting you escape and win your battle. No longer. If you should leave, by honor, I challenge you.”
Her smile was bright. Rabbiteater couldn’t help but grin at her. For the irony of it. She and he were the only ones who saw clearly. How the Order of Seasons bristled!
