8.74 DR
Page 18
Stronger. His wounds were healing? Or maybe he just felt better. But if it was just brighter for him—
“My eyes!”
Merila shaded her gaze, trying to see. She had taken precautions against the Lightherald, but the unexpected searing light blinded her! And the Hobgoblin—
 
[Temporary Skill – Radiance of the Dawn obtained!]
[Temporary Skill – Might of the Homeland obtained!]
 
He leapt. One of the Hobgoblin’s hands carried him up the Dame of the Hill’s armor as she swiped at the ground, lashing out, unable to see. He climbed, and she twisted.
“[Omnidirectional Slash]—”
She missed. He threw himself up, springing off her knee as the panicked Hill-Knight slashed. Her blind eyes looked up as the [Knight] raised his axe.
Rabbiteater landed on Merila’s shoulder, and his brother’s axe rose. To terrible purpose.
A howl rose from Merila’s [Squire], and the [Knights] of Ailendamus looked up as Ser Solstice raised his battleaxe. Rabbiteater swung, as Merila looked at him. A moment of resignation, and he struck—
Merila’s head didn’t go flying. The enchanted edge of the axe drew no blood.
Rabbiteater held the blade there, kissing her throat. The Dame recoiled, the expectation of death fading.
“You—”
“You are bested. Can’t fight.”
The Goblin looked Merila in the eyes, and she thought she saw a toothy grin behind the helmet.
“[Knight]-logic.”
Then he leapt. The half-Giant was so stunned she saw him land, charge for the gates, and he was halfway out before she turned.
“Wait! This is not ended, Solstice! Fight me!”
She roared, outraged. She had fought every other foe to the death! How dare he spare her? Was it contempt?
Or…a Goblin unwilling to kill the only other non-Human [Knight] he had met. He was running, racing down the hill at the surprised [Knights]. Merila reached out to slash at him and hesitated. Honor.
“SOLSTICE!”
Her furious bellow followed him down the hill. Rabbiteater laughed as he ran.
And still, he shone. The blinding light came down the hill as he ran, brandishing his battleaxe. With one target.
Only you, sister. The Goblin looked up, and his eyes fixed on a confused face, half-shielded by a hand. Not a bad face. A warrior who knew something of honor.
Yet he still raised Headscratcher’s axe and threw it.
The enchanted edge of the gold-jade axe whirled through the air, a scything blade so huge it cut through space. It killed the poor warhorse. One of the [Strategists]. The [General of the Line] lowered his hand and the axe lodged itself in his chest. He was a valorous leader, a good warrior. But all it took was a moment.
The fourth [General] of Ailendamus fell as the Goblin grabbed a horse and swung himself onto it. He yanked the axe free and galloped away from the still-blind, stunned soldiers and [Knights].
 
——
 
Great General Dionamella was struggling only slightly.
They came for her, the Archmage raining fire down, Lord Tyrion Veltras tilting at her, clashing with her bodyguard, and the Griffin Prince. At last, she caught him.
“Kaliv—”
He tried to cut at her, but the spell lifted him up. Dioname twisted, and a gigantic firestorm vanished into a point of darkness in her hand. She tossed the vortex back at Eldavin, and he flew away, cursing.
Even that would not kill him. So Dioname simply whispered.
“[Teleport].”
The Griffin Prince vanished. His Royal Griffin screamed, and the Wing of Shame circled, searching for him. Even if they found him, he was thirty miles away. And two hundred feet below the ground.
Dioname turned. The lance came at her, a [Lord], his aim impeccable. Very well.
“[Lance of the Bone Giant]—”
