8.74 DR
Page 8
The [Climbing Lord] lunged, and his hand closed around the half-Elf’s throat. They had to win! The half-Elf’s greatsword was askew, not suited for the close-ranged combat of the [Lord] who had climbed mountains.
The other, gauntleted hand came up.
“—[My Hands Were a Second Blade].”
The [Blademaster] cut Swey’s gauntleted hand off, even as the fingers tried to tighten. Swey recoiled, staring at the stump of his hand.
“Fall back! Fall back! Reform the charge!”
Tyrion was circling, pulling them back for a second pass. They would get no third one.
All of this was seconds. Five seconds of fighting and the Great General’s bodyguard and she herself had left over a fourth of their number dead. She was preparing a spell for Tyrion that he couldn’t block. But he had to ride at her; if he ran, he died.
There was no opening, though. The half-Elves closed ranks, and the [Blademaster] tugged at Swey’s hand as the [Lord] stumbled back. What would he do? If he even lived…
In that gap, as they circled, as Dionamella waited, over the fighting, in the din of battle—everyone heard the faintest…
Crunching sound. The Great General glanced sideways. The [Blademaster]’s hand was locked around the severed digits clinging to his throat. He had a knife—he’d dropped the greatsword and was trying to cut the fingers away.
Yet the hand kept gripping. Another half-Elf wavered and tried to remove the fingers, but they dug deeper, deeper, bending the mithril gorget, a grip that not even the [Blademaster] could remove. He severed bone and flesh, but the fingers kept tightening—
Once, Lord Swey, a young man, had lost a friend while climbing. It was an old story. His grip had slipped.
Everyone had suffered loss and tragedy. Their experiences made up their levels, classes, and Skills. Swey, drinking a potion, slowed and watched as the [Blademaster] fell, choking.
[I Will Never Let You Go].
They rode. Tyrion Veltras charged into that moment of distraction, into a hand traded for a life. The half-Elves raised their weapons, and the Great General of Ages pointed at him.
Buscrei’s arrow, enchanted by Archmage Eldavin, loosed from behind with three dozen others, flickering through the air. They hit Dioname’s barrier. Buscrei’s arrow vanished out of existence, reappeared, and struck the Great General of Ages through the back.
Not a killing blow, but it went through the base of her spine, and the magic on her fingertips failed. Falling to her hands, the Great General looked up as Tyrion Veltras rode at her. She whispered as that lance dipped down.
 
——
 
Dioname twisted as the arrow flew, and it passed under one arm. She pointed.
“[Law of the Lucifen: Punish Arrows]!”
“Wh—”
Buscrei’s bow erupted into flames, and her squad screamed as dark fire engulfed them. Tyrion Veltras broke off his charge as Dioname turned to him.
“Retreat!”
Her spell was still off. The Great General cursed as House Veltras retreated. Panicked. Not knowing how she had done that.
It was the perfect attack! How…? The wide-eyed [Mage] knew. Jericha looked at Dioname and received it.
Just…a simple spell, blasted publicly, no encryption. Nothing great. A Tier 3 spell.
[Message].
 
ARROW BEHIND. DODGE.
 
But how had she…?
The [Timekeeper General] exhaled. She felt…drained beyond belief. The amount of mana it took to cast a [Message] spell was miniscule. Some Skills even removed the cost altogether.
However. Casting even that spell through time?
[15 Second Message].
And…a Skill for her level.
“[Fate, I Take the Other Path]. Don’t let them escape. I must rest.”
