8.74 DR
Page 23
Fading away.
“The most precious gift I can, I give—”
She focused, and the [Lord] fought her, aura against hers. Pride and strength. As if he were the only one who had ever known struggle. Dionamella threw him as she declared her last gift.
To the immortals of Ailendamus, the most precious thing:
“Time.”
Lord Tyrion Veltras stumbled, and she counted.
Thirty?
No…the power was slipping away far too fast.
Twenty?
She tried. Ah, but now she felt something tugging her. Sixteen, then. 
Dionamella looked up, and Tyrion Veltras, howling as something engulfed him, the last wrath of the Great General of Ages, saw Dionamella suddenly jerk.
Something snatched her up. He saw a fighting, screaming half-Elf blasting a horror he had only seen once, washed up on Izril’s shores—
And then she died.
 
——
 
What happened? No one, not even Tyrion and Eldavin or Rhisveri could answer that.
The Great General of Ages died…but to what? What had she meant?
And what had she done?
In the aftermath of battle, Ailendamus’ forces were surrendering or retreating. They left. Their Great General had fallen, and none had the will after that.
A Wyrm lost his mind. The one mortal he had ever respected died there, and he vowed a vengeance unlike any that had ever come before or would ever come after.
Men and women levelled, and a [Princess] stood with a [Knight] amid cheering Calanfer. Yet Ailendamus’ wrath would come.
At least…at least an Archmage stood against them. And the [Lord] of House Veltras. Even someone to replace the Lightherald, and the Griffin Prince, who could not die?
Yet Eldavin ached with time, which would not leave him. The second-to-last deed of the Great General of Ailendamus. She could not use time to slay someone who was immortal, even this copy.
But what had she done to Tyrion Veltras? He stood there, looking at his hands. For a moment, he had known such agony that he had screamed and begged for it to stop.
Now the pain was gone. Yet he was…puzzled. In the moments when he reappeared, when Jericha turned and the [Bodyguards] still living put down their blades and surrendered, weeping for their comrade, Jericha approached.
“Tyrion? Lord Tyrion? Are you…?”
Are you alright? She stopped, as if run through herself. He turned to her, and she heard a stranger’s voice.
“Jericha? Am I wounded?”
He didn’t…feel wounded. With the last vestiges of her power, Dioname had cursed him? Or…why did he feel better?
Better, suddenly. A spring in his step that he didn’t know he’d ever lost. It had faded and he’d made do, but now it was back, he felt it. A feeling as though he could run and jump and do everything—and wanted to.
And his hands! They looked…the same? Same size, but as Tyrion tugged off a gauntlet, he realized what it was.
They were less weathered. Veins less pronounced maybe? As if—
Then he put his hands to his face, and the younger [Lord] realized what had been done.
Sixteen years. Dioname had used the last of her strength to throw him…sixteen years into the past.
Some basic math occurred to Tyrion, though he was so shocked he might have gotten it wrong.
44 – 16 = 28.
Twenty-eight. That was…young. But why? Why not throw him into his sixties? That would do far more. Tyrion thought it was almost a blessing until something occurred to him.
Slowly, he raised his hand.
“[Lancing Hydrastrike].”
The Skill that he had long-ago gained and mastered, a superlative eight blows with a sword or lance…did not activate. Tyrion saw Jericha grow pale and then realize it herself.
She’d taken him back in time. Not his memories or personality…
She’d taken his levels.
