8.74 DR
Page 14
Was he dead? The [General] had clearly forgotten about him, and the fighting had begun, so neither his side nor Ailendamus had recovered him. Ailendamus wanted the keep now.
“Aielef! Shut up and get t—”
Vernoue was dragging her older sister away when Seraphel saw a shape blur past her. A Lance-Arrow, loosed at the walls, hit Vernoue in the side.
“Vern?”
The [Princess] vanished. Aielef screamed, and Seraphel turned. She saw a limp body, a fallen spellbook, as everyone looked around in horror. And…
A glowing tiara.
Vernoue’s personal tiara had saved her. The [Princess] was coughing, wide-eyed. Without a word, Aielef ran. Without a word, but with a scream as the [Fortress Keeper] and Marshal Huges dragged Vernoue to safety.
The royal tiaras were high-grade artifacts. Vernoue’s might not have saved her from a second Lance-Arrow, though.
More than Ser Solstice had. Seraphel could have given him her tiara, she realized. She…remembered his fiery words. How he’d accused her of wasting her chances.
The [Princess] looked across the battlefield and saw the end. Then she ran down the stairs.
Away from the keep.
 
——
 
“Princess! What are you doing?”
Marshal Huges saw Seraphel running through the battlefield. So did the scrying spells still watching the battle. Skirts were really not the way to move around in the mud and fighting in the courtyard. Oesca, watching from her bed and eating gelato, definitely noticed that.
“Protect the [Princess]!”
Calanfer’s [Soldiers] surged around the 4th Princess, desperately fighting to save her life. Not that she was actually in much danger.
Tiara aside, an unarmed woman, let alone a [Princess], was not a target. Ailendamus’ [Soldiers] avoided her or just blinked in surprise when they saw Seraphel run past them. But what was she doing?
Everyone got their answer as they saw her run past a [Knight] at the gates who jerked in surprise, then reached for her. In reply, Seraphel offered the [Knight] of the Thirsting Veil a [Royal Slap].
A fun fact; it was armor-piercing. But only a slap.
Seraphel didn’t waste time as enraged Calanferian [Soldiers] engaged the [Knight]. She bent down…
And hauled up Ser Solstice. She was trying to rescue the [Knight]! Drag him back to be healed! Seraphel was rescuing him!
Or…trying. Her face contorted halfway up, and she realized she had a problem.
Namely, that Seraphel had tried to do that thing where you slung an arm around someone’s shoulders and bear the limp body to safety. That trick only worked if you were supporting the weight of someone still conscious.
Rabbiteater was out, and, like a floppy baby or someone who wouldn’t stay rigid, it was more like hauling a sack of grain up. Seraphel was known as ‘Seraphel the Dutiful’, not ‘Seraphel the Even Moderately Physically Fit’.
Plus, Rabbiteater was a Hobgoblin wearing armor.
“My back! My—”
Seraphel threw out her back as she picked up Rabbiteater and felt an explosion of sudden agony. Half-hobbling, she dragged him into the courtyard via pure panic more than anything.
She managed to get him halfway to the keep as people fought around her. No one wanted to kill the [Princess]—and when she got there, Marshal Huges led a charge and helped carry Rabbiteater in.
“You’re insane.”
Aielef shouted at Seraphel, but the [Princess] just collapsed as everyone tried to heal Ser Solstice.
By removing his helmet.
Fortunately, they failed. Marshal Huges gave up after half a minute.
“It’s locked into place! Damn—someone pour a potion through his visor!”
