8.74 DR
Page 9
On the third day, House Veltras’ desperate gambit failed. A close call.
Do not lose focus. Dioname realized she was distracted. Not just by the Archmage, nor the Skills. Her head turned left and right as she drank a mana potion that Fithea had personally brewed, and Rhisveri demanded to know if she was alright.
…What am I sensing?
 
——
 
On the fourth day, Archmage Eldavin unleashed everything he had against her. He cast spells for six hours straight, trying to consume her, her army, roaring his fury, incredulous as he failed to defeat a mortal.
For he was…she could see it on him. Pride. An inability to admit that he was lesser. Someone—the Wind Runner—had poisoned him with more than just betrayal. He knew he was better than her. So he lost.
On the fifth day, the Dame of the Hills slew the Lightherald.
The Great General watched. His armor did not break, but his body did. She had seen brave champions like this before, and if he had left or yielded, she would have simply used a Skill to prevent him from re-entering the battle.
But there was a chance he could have won. So he fought and died. Afterwards, Dioname ordered Dame Merila to the rear, to the fortress where honor had meant the [Knights] failed to take the keep.
“Do what you will, Dame Merila. I will end this.”
The morale of the Dawn Concordat and Calanfer was breaking. She looked at the Archmage, Griffin Prince, and Tyrion Veltras.
Three, not four. They would come for her again. A final, last-gambit strike on her, she knew.
Do not lose focus.
She could have ordered Merila to fight, and it would have made Dioname’s life easier. However, Merila would almost-certainly fall to Eldavin or Tyrion. She was too large a target.
So Dioname raised her staff and began the final battle. Still distracted. In the first hour, as she aimed for Tyrion Veltras, a nigh-invisible spell from Eldavin pierced every magical protection, and she tilted her head out of the way. She still had a bead on Tyrion Veltras, and his death…
Missed again. Finally, Dioname saw it. Two things.
Again, two. The first was most obvious. The second was creeping up on her, and she was trying to anticipate it. But the first…
The first was a huge woman, wearing familiar armor, squatting next to Dionamella. A mane of brown hair on her head, and scars from countless battles. Not just her; a panoply of other people stood about, and the Great General whispered.
“Who…are you?”
Queen Marquin the Radiant, First Queen of Calanfer, saw Dioname standing there as the Great General breached into the realm few could ever see in life. Dragons, ghosts, all stirred as the Great General whirled and looked at them. Yet still her gaze roved, looking for something far, far worse.
Marquin pondered her answer only a moment as a battle raged in the mortal realms. Then she smiled at the Great General.
“Probably, a distraction.”
 
——
 
Today was a terrible day to die.
Most days were. Rabbiteater had known days when everything felt like glory. When the sun shone down, and you somehow blazed brighter. When his blood rushed in his veins, and he was filled with a passion that eclipsed all others, to fight and lay down his life for a reason—
That was a bad day to die. Who would think that was a good time to end it all? On those days, you lived, and dying would end all of that.
A day when you died was a dark day. When an [Innkeeper] was shot for no good reason. Those days…yes, those days were fitting.
He knew that thinking of such things was a bad sign. The [Knight] slowly raised his head as he lay abed, reluctant to get up.
He felt it in his bones.
