8.74 DR
Page 3
All four. But the two most dangerous, Tyrion Veltras and Eldavin, realized the same thing as they fought.
Tyrion Veltras looked at Dioname, the Great General of Ages, and realized he was facing a foe far above him in levels. A [Lord] who realized that the bar was higher, that he was not fast enough. Chasing, racing to improve. Faster.
Cursing his wasted time spent in complacency.
To Eldavin, the issue was far different. He had dodged Dioname’s magic and outmaneuvered the other fliers and attacks coming his way because he flew. Even the Griffin Riders of Kaliv were like stones falling through the air compared to his grace. Aspects of Eldavin were so refined that Dioname was convinced he had walked more battlefields than she could dream of.
Peerless flight…combined with a strange lack of understanding in other areas. Gaps in his knowledge of how to conduct a war. 
To anyone else, it wasn’t obvious, but Dioname saw his uncertainty when facing someone like her. He didn’t know…how to beat her. How to use his magic most effectively. So his battle tactics? To anyone watching, and people did see it, beyond even her…
He was copying the Death of Magic. Extreme range, summoned warriors, and massive, contemptuous area-of-attack spells. He fought like Silvenia, another great foe Dioname knew might one day be hers—
Because he didn’t know how to fight himself.
Incomplete, incomplete! She might not have more high-level magics than Eldavin, and she certainly didn’t have Tyrion’s speed, but Dioname did have the surety they lacked. Still, she failed to end the battle on the first day. The Great General of Ages tried, but both sides surprised each other, taking a measure.
And she…was slightly distracted. And did not know why. The Great General of the Ages turned her head left and right, looked up the pass, at the Archmage in the sky, back towards Kaliv where the Griffin Prince harried them, past the fortress under siege…around, towards Calanfer.
Dioname frowned uneasily.
 
——
 
On the second day, she realized there was something else. The others were more cautious now, trying to save the Dawn Concordat as they bled lives.
The Lightherald rallied them. Dioname focused her wrath upon him, but his armor took spells meant to kill him. He battled against her champions, and all three, Griffin Prince, Tyrion, and Eldavin, took up the mantle of protecting him.
…And someone else.
“Dionamella, report.”
Only one person would bother her, even during the lull in fighting. Rhisveri. Dioname responded as she signaled her forces. She would happily have ignored him if need be, but she needed to communicate this.
“Rhisveri. Complications. I…am sensing something off. Two matters, but one is distant. Do you feel either?”
“No.”
His voice was terse. She wondered if that girl, the Wind Runner, was giving him trouble. The Wyrm did not like to be fallible, so he snapped.
“What are the two things? Why are you—off?”
He was quite familiar with how adept she was, and Dioname had lost some of her edge. That—she understood. If he didn’t sense the other thing…the half-Elf bared her teeth.
“Two guesses. Your hint? Scrying and this television.”
She heard nothing for a while, then he began cursing.
“They’re using Skills on you? Who? I’ll kill them all! Cancel all the scrying spells!”
She interrupted him.
“It won’t work. They can still scry me from afar, even if you turn off Wistram’s orbs. And now they know how…over a hundred are trying to debilitate me or the army in some way.”
“A hundred?”
“It’s worldwide. I’ll manage.”
