8.74 DR
Page 0

It was a silly thing, but she preferred being called ‘Dioname’. Her full name was Dionamella, but she wanted the last three letters left off.
Dee-oh-nah-mei. That was how you’d say it. As opposed to dee-oh-nah-mell-ah. 
Did this matter?…No. Not at all.
But it made her feel rather in-tune with the modern parlances of the day. A bit like she was keeping up with the times. That was important. For the Great General of the Ages had mastered time to an extent that few had ever reached, in this era or any other.
However, she could still not prevent her own end.
She was not immortal.
The half-Elf felt it in her bones. Her death, her likely death, would not be by sword or spell. It might be, but what would always catch her was…time.
Her age fueled her power. A sacrifice, and one she willingly made. Everything had a price, and the ability to move an army faster than they should—not just physically, but stealing seconds away from the world?
That it only demanded her time—and a half-Elf’s time at that—was not just unfair, but cheating. She raised a hand on the first day and spoke.
“Advance, soldiers of Ailendamus. Show this Dawn Concordat why we bear Ailendamus’ will.”
Even her voice and inflection were old. Hence her wanting a different name. The modern [Generals], she had learned once Rhisveri summoned her, were very quick. She had studied Niers Astoragon, who had not existed when she had made her name.
“Forwards the left! [Snipe Charge]—”
And so on. Efficient, but not very graceful. She wondered if it would change how Skills developed. Skills, classes reflected the modern world. Why, there was a time when Skills were nigh on paragraphs of words.
She watched as Ailendamus’ [Soldiers] met the Dawn Concordat. And she twisted the world, just a second. But one second…
For a thousand soldiers. 
The front rank of Ailendamus’ charging swords was poised to meet a line of spears. A bad matchup—the spears would hit first, even as the experienced swordbearers angled their blades for a quick thrust to the helm. Of course, individual skill and lives…
Each one of those [Soldiers] had their hopes and dreams. They had names she might never learn. 
Dioname could not account for that. However, she could give them one thing. Just…one second.
One second, in the heat of battle, to charge another step. To swing. The entire wave of soldiers blurred, and one second?
It only took that long to bury a blade in a throat. To dodge an incoming jab. To erase hundreds of lives.
One second across one thousand souls. 
1000 seconds, then. Spent. She felt it, a change in herself. Not immediate aging, but a loss.
1000 seconds equated to 16 minutes and 40 seconds. Not bad. Or it would have been, if that were all she spent.
Even a Human would have considered that a fine expenditure of time to do that kind of damage.
If it were only seventeen minutes. Alas, Dioname could not trade time that equally. But she counted.
It was an obsession. Few people could know the time they spent. So as she gave orders, the tally still added to itself.
“Archers, fire once and again, there and there!”
Three hundred and twenty archers needed four seconds to speed up their volley. Add into it a [Relentless Reloading] Skill and an [Instantaneous Reload] among her officers.
Three volleys of arrows in quick succession.
320 multiplied 4 times is 1280 seconds. 21 minutes, 20 seconds.
