8.74 DR
Page 12
A new Skill won from yesterday. Merila staggered, and her eyes went wide.
“So it is a match after all! Engarde!”
 
——
 
Their duel was being broadcast in tandem with the battle with the Great General. Predictably, the final battle of this great war took back seat to a simple duel between two [Knights].
That was television for you. But even Niers Astoragon, among the many watchers around the world, had to admit it was fascinating.
He hadn’t bothered throwing Skills at that Great General of Ages after the first time. He had no idea who she was, but he added her to his list of the most dangerous beings.
Rabbiteater’s battle was familiar to Niers, though, in a purely personal way. The [Knight] was fighting like a Fraerling.
A Fraerling versus the Tallfolk.
Like the people of Paeth on the Coast, it was small versus large. If not exactly the same ratio, the same problems.
Merila could crush Rabbiteater with a single blow. He could parry or survive one or two at most, but one good hit and he was out.
His advantages were speed and his small size. He could hit her, but he had to keep moving, attack from places she could not easily reach. If he found such a spot, he could literally take her apart from the inside.
But the [Knight] was a Goblin. Not a Fraerling. Numbtongue watched, head in his hands as his brother fought.
He doesn’t know how. He’s learning, but he’s not a Tallguard.
The Tallguard’s enchanted grappling hooks and their tactics were designed to fight Tallfolk and other monsters. Rabbiteater needed a ranged weapon. He needed to be able to fly or leap into the air at least.
Ironically, a Fraerling might have an easier time against Merila. Niers could have just crawled into her ear and looked for her brain.
That wouldn’t have been fair. And this was a fair fight. Niers watched as the Goblin struck the Dame of the Hills across the ankle.
That’s right, fell her. She staggered, blood gushing from the cut, but not deep enough. Steel armor—not enchanted. She drew a potion the size of a barrel with her shield-hand, and Niers cursed.
They should have forbidden potions.
Rabbiteater’s friends were all watching. From Drassi to Lyonette to Rags and the others. Dame Merila was exposed as she staggered back, sword slicing in a defensive move to give her time to drink.
Into that gap, Rabbiteater dove, dropping his shield. He vanished under her in a blur, and Merila tried to back up, but he had two hands on his axe.
He was going to try and hamstring her! His axe went for her legs.
“Go!”
He fought like a Fraerling, for all he was a [Knight]! Niers clenched his fist. He saw Rabbiteater swing the enchanted axe with a roar.
Merila spun and kicked him.
 
——
 
Seraphel du Marquin couldn’t watch. But she had to. When she saw Rabbiteater go flying, she covered her eyes.
Yet he got up.
Could you imagine the force it took to hurl an armored body like a ragdoll? He landed in a heap and rolled—not to mitigate the impact, but from the sheer force of it.
“No.”
He was drinking a healing potion as he stood. Dame Merila checked herself, panting. It had been close.
“Your axe, Ser Solstice.”
She pointed, and the [Knight] saw it lying there. Merila let him pick up his shield. Was it condescension?
If only she fought with a hint of arrogance. But no. Just like with Dalius…
The half-Giant fought with everything she had.
So did Rabbiteater. Now, Seraphel felt it. His aura rose around him. Untrained and unbidden. Not bravery—but something as hard and strange as she had ever seen.
