8.74 DR
Page 22
In that moment, the half-Elf heard a shriek from a Wyrm calling her name. She almost rejoiced, because she had not known there was emotion left to give in Rhisveri.
She was dead, struck, and yet she lived. Tyrion was trying to pull the lance back, Eldavin, to destroy Dionamella completely, when the hand grabbed Tyrion’s arm. He froze, unable to pull back, and Eldavin was caught by the throat as the Great General rasped, blood bubbling from her mouth.
“You have been my end. But I—I am the Great General of Ailendamus. And I will only rest when I have said my piece.”
They struggled, but she had no life left to kill. Her heart had stopped, but like those of her level—
She refused to die. Just for a moment. Dioname threw back her head, and her voice echoed.
“Bear witness!”
Her [Soldiers] and the Dawn Concordat’s looked up at her as she shouted, blood running down her face.
“This day, Ailendamus has lost. This day—a Great General is slain. But remember this: this day, a common-born half-Elf girl who has never known the shade of the eternal trees held down a [Lord] with blood as old as the Hundred Families from which monarchs are struck and an Archmage from the halls of magic itself. Wistram and Veltras alone could not slay me.”
The Archmage was trying to break free, but she had a deathgrip on his throat. Dioname struggled for words. She was fading—but she had to say it.
“My kin. Do not waste your lives in our ageless villages. Each second must be treasured. For my life I have given…my promise will endure as long as Ailendamus. The Kingdom of Glass and Glory…will never persecute our kind.”
A wish. Rhisveri had offered her one wish. Just like all the others. It was done. Dionamella’s voice and magic were fading, but she shouted. A desperate warning.
“It was not House Veltras who slew me! Something is coming! They are coming up—up, but you cannot see it! Guard the gates! Make ready, or all will be l—”
Eldavin tore himself free, and a hundred lances of fire struck through her. Dionamella staggered.
Damn you.
The Archmage was fleeing, to his victory. But it would not be that easy. She caught him, and he turned, face grey with fear. Well he should be.
The last power in Dionamella was still the full might of her class. And she had no fear of death, now.
Time slowed. Then stopped. Eldavin stood with her hand on his shoulder in a world that had no continuation. She focused the very nature of her magic on him and realized the truth.
“You have no end. Only a beginning.”
He was immune, like the rest of them, to the heart of her magic. What a terrible irony.
He was beginning to break even time itself. Bitterly, she realized she couldn’t kill him.
“At least—then—you imposter to my kind. At least feel the weight of your years!”
She struck him once, and he recoiled. Eldavin staggered backwards—and suddenly his breath caught. He wheezed and looked down at the first true wrinkles on his skin. His perfect form, aged in a breath.
He fled. Now, the darkness was closing, and Dioname felt someone trying to break her grip. She looked at Tyrion Veltras.
“My lord. My friend. This lance comes for you. This terrible lance, my friend, which has slain me. To you, my mentor who gave me might and chance.”
She was whispering now, to Rhisveri alone. Dioname drifted, but she clung to it—her last duty.
“You—can yet be a good ruler—because you have forever to learn. You will never forget me.”
Her other hand touched Tyrion’s face, now. Dispassionately, Dioname looked into his face as he struggled.
“So this lance I cannot remove from my heart. It aims at you. I cannot kill it.”
