8.74 DR
Page 16
Once, they had known exactly what she was asking them to do. But they followed it. And his great brother, the [Berserker], emotional, prone to laughter and tears…
“You and I stand here and there. But you…Sister. Do you believe your cause is just?”
The Dame of the Hills looked tired as she rested her hands on her sword. The cross of it was planted, the massive blade driven into the stone before her.
“Yes.”
The [Knight] of Solstice, Rabbiteater, the [Indomitable Champion] and [Aura Knight]. The Goblin nodded.
“Then. Would you ever stop?”
A sigh like the prelude to a hurricane ran from the Hill-Knight’s mouth. As weary as could be.
The stones in the courtyard cracked as the steel blade rose. Shining terribly under that bright sun. She saluted Rabbiteater with it. Her eyes implored him, but her voice was steady.
“Well said.”
He nodded and lifted his axe. Rabbiteater charged, and the 4th Princess shouted at him with all the others. She should have left him there.
Until the last Goblin at Liscor fell, Rabbiteater would fight.
 
——
 
The tenacity of a Goblin until death shocked the world that watched.
Some called it foolishness. Bravado, emblematic of the worst elements of Terandria’s warrior-culture.
Others, who understood Rabbiteater, saw the battle he had never left. Some raised their blades for a true warrior meeting his end.
Goblins, his kind, looked at the [Knight] as a blade crushed him down and he rose, spitting blood through a damaged visor.
“There goes one who would be a Goblin Lord. Or even more. But not yet.”
Anazurhe looked at Rags, and her eyes flashed. Yet the Goblin Witch’s magic twisted uselessly. As did Rags’ Skills, bouncing off an aura stronger than anything she had ever seen.
He had left her tribe, and Anazurhe had never known him. Helplessly, the two Goblins watched. There was no one to help him. The Order of Seasons was captive; they had to hold some of the struggling [Knights] down, but Ailendamus kept them from interfering.
The others, from Greysten to the Winter’s Watcher, were too far. The other combatants on the battlefield were too far and fighting for their lives, unable to interfere. Even the Griffin Prince saw his people dying by the hundred with each second as the Dawn Concordat began to break and run.
One life, however valorous, was not enough.
One last person tried. Princess Seraphel tried to run forwards and stop the duel, but her own people held her back. The [Princess] didn’t care about the honor of either [Knight]. She would have sullied that.
Honor mattered less. Perhaps even the Goblin would have agreed, but he fought alone. No foreign Skill from afar to help him.
No miracle against the Dame of the Hills. No outsiders, just this one. 
Right?
Neither ghost nor immortal was watching him. They had never known Rabbiteater, shyly helping Erin cook food. Rescuing his own kind in Liscor’s dungeon. Taking the first steps to becoming someone who inspired even his own kind.
[Champion].
They had no right to intervene. Nor did the supercilious leaders abroad, who wanted to put their fingers on the scales for their own selfish entertainment or reasons. They did not know who lay behind his helm.
Not Goblins, who watched a timeless story. Not fellow [Knights], bound by honor. No outsiders would interfere with this moment.
There was someone, though. Someone who had every right to this moment. Who knew Rabbiteater. Who had fed him and known him.
No matter how far you went, no matter who you became…she was still bound to her home.
