8.75
Page 10
“Dioname. Speak to me. You told me to meet you…here.”
He lost his patience. Rhisveri began chanting in a dead tongue. Magic that had fallen out of use long ago.
“By bone and blood I summon thee…”
Old magic. Chanted magic, even as he activated a spell.
“[Nekhret’s Ritual of the Underworld — Summon Soul: Dionamella]!”
He drew a magical ritual on the ground, slapped his tail, and the room flashed with magic.
No one appeared.
Rhisveri’s anger turned to sudden…he hesitated.
“But that does work. My idiotic brother himself answers it. [Nekhret’s Ritual of the Underworld — Summon Soul: Dioname]?”
It took him fifteen more minutes, and he was panting when he cast it again. Yet the flash of magic, the summoning—
Failed.
He tried one more time.
“[Nekhret’s Ritual of the Underworld — Summon Soul: Dionamella of Ailendamus]! Why does it not work? I know her name! [Scrying] spells work on her, so why…”
Had she erased herself from time itself? Rhisveri cast about. He didn’t understand. He called her name in vain.
 
——
 
This was a story of multiple…realities. Points of view.
Queen Marquin of Calanfer stood there, amid the ghosts of the dead, both Calanfer and Ailendamus. As yet, they joined the countless of Terandria. Some had been consumed, but even as the dead went to watch the end of all rising from beyond The Last Tide…
Terandria’s shores were held. None of the six were here.
Yet there was a strangeness that made even Marquin the Radiant uneasy. A victory had been won. A Great General had fallen…but she was a woman, and Marquin regretted that they had ever come to blows, such a pointless war, even if a Wyrm were orchestrating it.
The dead knew all secrets. Yet—something was wrong. She had waited, but she needn’t have, in truth. She had looked about, in case the Great General had moved slightly in her last moments. But the truth, as her people came to her and reported in, was undeniable.
Dioname was nowhere in the lands of the dead. But then—who had erased her?
It had not been one of the six. That, Marquin knew.
 
——
 
This was a story beyond one kingdom. Beyond one world, even.
As Rhisveri mourned, as Ryoka Griffin did whatever she did—perhaps she was vaguely aware they were pieces of another story.
One that the Wyrm had set in motion by cunning, but intersected with the Faerie King. Those stories seldom went how anyone expected.
Yet the auspices of greatness touched it. As the mortal realm fought and traitors and people discovered, planned, or just ran about in one world…
The realm of the fae lay in chaos. Not for Ryoka Griffin or a single Wyrm or Dragon. They had loads.
Rather—for magic. For something that was rare across any reality and available here in a neat, perfect scroll. Rarely was the law of death broken so accessibly. Sometimes, a great hero with the blood of gods could venture into the underworld, overcome great guardians and trials, and in the end, fail to bring back a single soul.
Sometimes, a great sacrifice could be made, a life for a life, always at cost.
Sometimes, a dark relic could be constructed, a ring forged, a cauldron fouled such that life or half-life remained.
Preserving oneself from death was easier. Even if the method was taking your soul, shattering it like a cheap vase, and hiding the pieces. That…tended to have consequences.
Yet the real stuff? The genuine, accept-no-substitutes, actual come back from death for whomever you wanted? Even if it were only once? With no costs, drawbacks, and again, self-contained in a scroll?
