8.75
Page 7
“Because, I cannot find any clues. Whoever it is knew the palace well enough to slip the package into the Courier’s room. It passed no security, was not inspected—it slipped past the [Knights] on duty, though they are not experts at surveillance and they were aware the Wind Runner had left the palace, and so were lax. If a foreign agent did this—they have the run of the palace, and your life is in danger.”
“…So why kill the Wind Runner alone if that? If there are more ‘presents’, that would be one thing. The other option is…”
Queen Oiena mused, thinking hard. And she came to a conclusion that was accurate—but lacking information.
It might have been someone within the palace, obviously. But who? And why? She sent her agents on a hunt. There was treachery in Ailendamus’ palace, and she wanted to root it out. Soon enough…she’d have at least one answer.
 
——
 
Treachery. Intrigue. Someone was working against Ailendamus, and they would soon be found.
The hints were there. Ryoka Griffin knew it. However, she did not have time to care about her life as much.
Sammial had nearly died. It was probably the case that she was meant to explode, but Sammial had nearly died and Oesca too.
He was actually under royal bodyguard now, and they did not let him run about alone.
Which goes to show, Queen Oiena has a heart. Unless she’s pretending? But why involve Oesca? Unless that was a mistake or the most heartless, genius distraction. I feel like Oiena would be more direct.
Who?
Well, the easier thing was to say who didn’t want Ryoka dead? Her list ranged from Eldavin to Persua to the Circle of Thorns survivors to possibly Magnolia, to…
The six.
Ryoka felt a chill. If anyone had the means, and if anyone really took Ryoka as a serious threat—and she was probably not high up for most other people given that she couldn’t even kill Eldavin in a traitorous…
She had to lean against a wall. No, think.
“The six hate me. They know what I’m up to. Whose side I’m on.”
Of the people who might hate Ryoka with that passion, it was the six, the Circle of Thorns, and Persua. And now, perhaps, Eldavin. But she doubted he would have set up a trap that fast.
And if he wanted her dead, he would have killed her when she was trying to cut his head off in the air. No…she did not suspect him.
Nor the immortals, frankly. Because if it were them—why would they hide it? Maybe the Lucifen or Visophecin had an angle? But it was not Rhisveri.
The Wyrm was the only person that Ryoka could trust. Why? Because if he wanted her dead, he’d just kill her.
He sat in his giant room, head resting on his claws, eyes narrowed to slits when she came in. Unlike every other time, the Wyrm said nothing. He just…lay there.
Dioname was dead. Ryoka had heard his roar. She looked at him and saw something familiar. She had seen it on Teriarch.
However, Ryoka didn’t speak the Great General’s name. She had given him one night. Her assassination, her meeting with Eldavin…they had discussed nothing more. The Wind Runner felt empty and worthless, but she would not curl up. Not yet.
“Rhisveri.”
He said nothing. Just watched her. Not wrathful…but with a long, thousand-mile stare. Ryoka Griffin knew he was listening.
“Tyrion is coming. I can’t stop Eldavin.”
“No. You can’t. You gave it a good shot. Dioname failed to kill him even when she crushed his heart. His body must be magical.”
The Wyrm whispered. Ryoka hesitated.
“Sammial Veltras nearly died. Tyrion is advancing. He will not stop until Sammial is free. Maybe me—but he must fear for Sammial’s life. Understandably.”
