8.75
Page 13
“One more day, Ryoka. One more night. I’m doing a few quiet songs—then I’m bouncing. We’ll have to talk later.”
She was…off. So much so that Ryoka Griffin had already realized that Cara was a bad bet. And in truth, she had a better option.
 
——
 
“I want unlimited money to get Sammial home. Unlimited money, magical help…and I could use an artifact that just cancels all hostile magic on me.”
That last one was an extra. Viscount Visophecin raised his brows.
“…And you want me to provide it?”
“Yes.”
The Devil tapped his fingers together.
“…No. I don’t believe I wish to grant that request. Why would I do that?”
Someone sniggered, and Ryoka glanced at Azemith. Paxere, who was a ‘missing finger buddy’, watched Ryoka as her parents, the other Lucifen, and the Agelum heard Ryoka out in their rooms in the palace.
“Does saving Paxere count for nothing?”
“It most certainly counts. Just not for what might be a poor strategic move. Sammial Veltras’ safety might best be ensured here.”
“Where he nearly got blown up?”
Visophecin raised his brows.
“A journey into a warzone—or sending him back overseas—is just as dangerous. There are ways, but the cost, the magical expenditure—why do these things now?”
“Because he might be in danger. And I’ve had enough of putting people I like in danger.”
Ryoka rested her hands on the table, and Sammial looked up from punching into Uzine’s palms. The Agelum was training him to fist-fight.
“See? She is a good person. I don’t get why she stabbed the Archmage, but I’m sure it was a good reason.”
The Lucifen eyed Sammial, who was, in some ways, their exact opposite. The Agelum laughed and nodded, and Ryoka played her trap card.
“You’ll provide everything I want, Visophecin. I can guarantee it.”
“Why?”
Paxere was watching Ryoka curiously. Even the Lucifen girl didn’t seem willing to just open House Shoel’s treasuries for Ryoka. The Wind Runner knew that, so she looked straight past Visophecin.
“…Because I bet your fairer cousins won’t let him die if it’s just a matter of coin. Right, Gadrea? Uzine?”
Visophecin closed his eyes as the Agelum turned in their wheelchairs and gave Ryoka wide grins.
“No. Hear her out, Visophecin. And do what Ryoka wants! The boy should be with his family. What’s a few hundred thousand gold? We’re rich!”
The Devil gave Ryoka a mild look of respect before pinching the bridge of his nose. He might not like being forced into something any more than anyone else…but Ryoka suspected he rather admired someone who rubbed their opponent’s nose in their weakness and played dirty.
“I am listening. But the quality of the plan does matter, Uzine. What did you have in mind, Ryoka?”
Sammial looked up eagerly as Ryoka outlined her plan with a breath.
“First…how far could House Shoel teleport someone? And I am going to need money. A lot of it. Not hundreds of thousands or even a hundred thousand…but maybe a few thousand.”
 
——
 
The trick was thinking of every move Ryoka could reasonably make—but thinking of how it could go wrong.
Let’s say I bring Sammial to Tyrion. Smart move, right? Bring a kid into a warzone.
Wrong! Stupid idea! Classic Ryoka idea! Children? Warzones? Did not mix!
Do the most practical, non-idiotic thing possible. Not un-dramatic…the Lucifen and Agelum liked the dramatic, and Ryoka had to get Sammial on-board as well.
She made a few [Message] spells, did some arranging. Really, it was all about having unlimited funds, the reputation of House Shoel behind you, and spellcasters on an Archmage level. Everything seemed so easy when you had that.
