8.75
Page 24
“Now we face the Dawn Concordat’s main army. We can muster a force to defeat them. But the psychological impact and loss of Dioname is most pressing. The Archmage of Memory is the most dangerous individual by far.”
Visophecin summed the situation up calmly. He looked at the Wyrm, not mistaking Rhisveri’s silence for fear or confusion.
The Wyrm was too quiet. Such that the other immortals waited for his words. Rhisveri raised his head, looking tired.
“Okay.”
Okay? The Merfolk’s representative was agitated. Paterghost herself raised a gauntleted fist.
“If you will not let us punish that insolent Wind Runner—then at least give us leave to combat the enemy, Rhisveri! I will go to battle Noelictus! Let Visophecin and Sophridel contribute.”
“No.”
Rhisveri spoke curtly, and Paterghost began to object when he turned and looked at her. The immortal fell silent, and Visophecin waited.
“Pull no army. The capital will link with the retreating forces. [Royal Knights]…even Baron Regalius and his staff. A grand, desperate army, which will meet the Dawn Concordat at best speed. Within the week.”
“That’s no army. Who will lead it?”
It would be a cluster of forces unused to working together. True, lots of [Knights] and high-level forces, but it would take a genius to use them all. The immortals waited for a name. One of the Great Generals? Two? Rhisveri’s head rose, and then Visophecin saw it.
The Wyrm’s wrath. Rhisveri hissed as everyone backed up.
“Everyone. Visophecin. You will head to the front.”
He’d lead it? Even Paterghost was surprised. Then they caught what Rhisveri meant.
“Sophridel. Four of your most dangerous war-masks. Gilaw.”
“She’s young—”
“I don’t care. Not Gilaw if you want. No children if you must—but every adult Lucifen. At least six Agelum. Every single one of us. I will send my body. The Archmage of Memory is there? I will crush him. Every Great Knight who can make it—every Great General. Everyone. No tricks or gambles. We wipe them out so badly there is nothing but ash.”
The immortals went silent. All eyes turned to Visophecin. The Viscount had never gone to war fully. Nor had Rhisveri. There was no need to.
Send Visophecin alone, and he could hold back the Dawn Concordat. Visophecin, Rhisveri, every single adult Lucifen, Sophridel, Fithea, and the others?
Paterghost had dueled Named Adventurers, and she wasn’t among the mightiest of them. It was beyond overkill, and yet…Rhisveri’s words had a seductive allure.
Everyone. Make an example. The kind of overwhelming victory that would reverse all losses. Duke Rhisveri hissed.
“If I must, I will melt Tyrion Veltras, the Archmage, the Griffin Prince, and the 4th Princess myself! Tell Dame Merila to assemble and wait for us. Everyone is going to wipe them out.”
 
——
 
In the next week, as Ailendamus began to defend itself from multiple nations, the Dawn Concordat’s army would advance to meet a quickly rallied army in the field. To the populace, a desperate stand as even the famous House Shoel, Baron Regalius, and even ministers like Sophridel took to the field.
All or nothing. Enlistment surged to defend Ailendamus, the capital, from this army. The immortals marched upon the Dawn Concordat for the first time, and only a Wind Runner remained.
Waiting for an auction, a terrible battle, searching for a way to resolve it all. Or perhaps…convince the Dawn Concordat to flee. This was no joke. This was not even the Great General of Ages alone.
This was the Wyrm of Ailendamus, come to kill everything. The Wyrm, the Devils and Angels, the Dryad, Elementals, and more.
Oh…my.
