8.75
Page 3
Besides, they still had the Archmage of Memory and two of the Five Houses in force. Plus, the Order of Seasons and Pheislant were now in this war! His Majesty of Pheislant had declared formal war with Ailendamus…about an hour after the Great General fell.
This was the time to strike. Heck, even the Griffin Prince had made it! He’d dug himself out of the ground this morning, very upset at being buried alive.
No one knew Lord Tyrion had lost his levels…at least not publicly. To all, it seemed as if he had de-aged, of course, but that was a Skill he’d gotten, and Tyrion could not be [Appraised], so it made sense.
A great Skill for a [Lord], right? Of course, that was still a gamble. So, after a long conference with his most trusted allies, Lord Tyrion Veltras came up with the most cunning plan in his life—because he had to keep his weakness secret. In order to really sell his sudden youth as a positive…he made the excuse that would not only be believed, but bought wholesale.
 
——
 
“Sir. Sir…I know this is completely out of order, milord. But I hoped I could catch you?”
Lord Pellmia Quellae, [Lord of Love and Wine], turned as a surreptitious [Knight] hurried over. The [Lord], who couldn’t help but notice hundreds if not thousands of eyes on him, leaned over.
“Er…yes?”
The [Knight] was a Thronebearer of Calanfer, and she hesitated.
“I wouldn’t take up your time, Lord Quellae. However—we might never meet again, and I have heard that you are the most high-level—that is to say—if I may be honest, there is a young man of my affections that I have been looking after for years. But coincidence, relationships, even fate has never allowed me to say anything—and I have tried! Given your level, I thought…”
Pellmia blinked at her. She looked at him hopefully. He was only a [Matchmaker]—well, yes, he had consolidated his classes, but she was a Thronebearer, renowned for diplomacy!
Yet if ever there was a [Lord] fit for the greatest battlefield of all: love, it was him. The peerless hero beyond any other. Champion of the hopeless. Savior to even Lord Tyrion Veltras.
The Thronebearer glanced at Pellmia—then at Lord Tyrion Veltras, restored to youth by Pellmia’s Skill that he might pursue his paramour, backed by the flawless [Lord of Love and Wine].
Pellmia gave her an uneasy smile.
“I…could certainly hear you out.”
Only for you, Tyrion. The Thronebearer’s relieved smile lit up her face, and Lord Pellmia engaged in the most difficult path in his life yet. In truth—he was amazed Tyrion had thought of it. Pellmia didn’t know this, but House Quellae, upon hearing the revelation that their [Lord] could not only fix any relationship, however dire, but de-age someone, however rarely, had received over two thousand missives from around the world.
Including even a subtle inquiry from Chaldion of Pallass. Everyone needed hope.
 
——
 
Ailendamus was not laughing. Nor celebrating anything. Although Duke Rhisveri had—well, Itorin II had—but Rhisveri had declared a period of mourning for a year, and statues and memorials for their Great General. The people’s unshakable confidence in their nation, the infallible Kingdom of Glass and Glory, turned to fear as they heard of their great army, defeated.
They might have the number to replenish that army, but that army needed to be formed, armed, leaders trained…and it was not a simple game of logistics. The defeat of their Great General meant the Dawn Concordat had their opening.
