8.75
Page 25
Shortly before the two met in battle, the last Seamwalker crawled over the edge. A month passed during that week, and the dead of this world saw the end. Amid it all, the confluences of war and battle, desperation at every corner, Ryoka Griffin took one small solace.
If she failed here, at least Sammial Veltras would be safe. Two days before King Fetohep of Khelt heard the herald of dire news, Sammial Veltras reached a port city of Ailendamus. There, he found an escort waiting to take him to Izril.
Not just [Knights]. Nor The Pride of the Wellfar or a navy. Those were highly dangerous, highly contentious figures. Ryoka Griffin entrusted the wellbeing of Sammial Veltras to the two figures who met the young man at the port.
Who could protect Sammial Veltras, who had learned from Ryoka Griffin? Who could take him to Izril, across seas where [Pirates] and worse than Krakens lurked?
The boy was sulking, waiting to meet a Wellfar [Lord] or [Lady] or sit on a stupid vessel. But he perked up when he saw who it was.
“You’re the ones Ryoka sent?”
Two figures stood there. Well, two figures and a monkey. The monkey scratched under one arm as a gigantic Beastkin rumbled.
“A Courier calls. She bows to the sea—for a Courier we answer. I, because Gnolls owe Ryoka Griffin a debt. The Bearkin of Baleros heed our distant kin—no Gnoll by sea could answer, so I stand in their place.”
The Waterbear folded her arms, and the second, a smaller man, bowed, and his tattoos flashed under the sun. The Hundredfriend Courier, Seve-Alrelious, bowed to the awed [Lord].
“For the Wind Runner of Reizmelt, I too answer the call. For a fellow Courier, and the one who helped spread the Yellow Rivers cure. Lord Sammial Veltras, you are bound for your home, and we will not fail that charge. Let no one in the world slow our passage. Couriers outbound.”
 
——
 
Deliveries and runs. That was Ryoka’s specialty. She took comfort in one thing, as it all came to a close.
Before the King of Khelt panicked for the first time in ages.
Before the last shape crawled over the Last Tide.
A week before the worst came to the worst…at least she had this. She read a [Message] and closed her eyes in relief, as she sent all she could across the world. To help. To speed their way.
A week before the dead woke from their dream, the Great Goblin Chieftain, Rags, flew across Izril. Returned to the place where it all started. Liscor and The Wandering Inn.
To wake Erin Solstice.
Too…early.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Day Seven. I am now on break. I think I can safely call it a hundred thousand words in a week.
My body hurts. Not just my arms and actually not much. It’s just a grind. I will take two updates off. I know that’s a lot, but we got through a lot. I will write two more chapters after that and then—
Then I think it will be the final month of Volume 8. You know I have a terrible time with deadlines, but in seven days I got where I wanted with this.
Super fast. Courier fast. But we did get there. There’s a different cadence to different types of writing. This is not slice-of-life. But I do hope you enjoyed. Break until the…26th, when a chapter will be out. I am exhausted, but thanks for reading.
 
Two Rats by ArtsyNada!


Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/illudanajohns/
Ko-fi: https://ko-fi.com/illudanajohns
Commission info: https://i.imgur.com/OmNDuK8.jpg



 
Cara and ??? by Dinkel!

 
Crusader 57 and BobaQueen by Mg!


DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/henodus2
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/henodus2


 
 

