8.75
Page 11
Well now. That had begun one of the largest auctions, bidding wars, and fights in any reality.
Not just the fae’s realm. Not all the gateways were closed, and the Faerie King had guests. Word had spread. Emissaries were sent, plots hatched.
Kingdoms were sending bids in, and the inhabitants of the lands of the fae stirred. Even those who had been offered sanctuary had brought something.
As myths and legends went, yes, some of it was merely handbags—but nice, designer-quality handbags. But would you ever believe any Wyrm in existence would flee her home without secreting at least one or two truly valuable objects? Just to have? Just in case?
The metaphorical piggy-banks were being smashed open, and the immortals counted what they had, made deals to combine it. For one life.
What wouldn’t you trade for one life?
Even the Faerie King, perhaps. What could he offer?
Rhisveri did not know what he had started. Ryoka might if she worried about that—the Faerie King’s rule was absolute.
But for that scroll, even the denizens of his lands and his guests and visitors might…plot…certain things. If nothing else, to disobey or oppose his bid. And that was enough.
The first battles between the guests were small. Quickly, it became worse. An army marched through one gate and clashed with another.
Describing such conflicts and the whos and whys of each would take a thousand books. Enough to say they were as varied as the places they came from. Nor were the matches fair; a Dragon might well think to rob some emissaries of their own gifts and find out that technology had advanced enough for space-flight and that it wasn’t a colorful floating wagon he was robbing.
…But the Faerie King brooked no strife here. So when fights occurred, his people, the strength of the fae, at least one aspect of them, emerged.
The Wild Hunt. Champions of the fae. A single warrior strode between raging giants, and they backed down. If someone violated the Faerie King’s laws…well, they were free to. Even his own subjects did.
There were simply, always, the consequences. The problem was—each warrior was timeless, wielding magic beyond the pale of any sorcerer of mortal make, and a warrior fit to lock blades with legends. Even the King of Knights acknowledged their might.
But the lands of the fae held legends too. It was never an easy fight—but some of the denizens did challenge even the Faerie King’s order.
All for a scroll. The day was coming. Time was subjective in this place, but soon the Wyrm would offer it, and, most likely, choose what he would trade for. Everyone was preparing for that moment. Even if they didn’t want it themselves, it was an object beyond price.
They would all have their turn. Even if the entire thing went fairly—the Faerie King had a mess on his hands for what came thereafter. He was a being that even Dragons hesitated to even name, to think of…
Challenging.
But what would you do for that damn scroll? The oldest laws in the world were of that kind. Hospitality, fair trade for trade.
And if you wanted something and failed to get it every other way…take it.
Time until that moment was drawing closer and closer together. Like inevitability, walking to meet destiny. The Faerie King waited. His plans unknown to all but himself.
 
——
 
Ryoka Griffin beseeched the immortals for the aid she knew she needed. She had a plan. Sammial could not stay here.
Oh, he bitterly fought, tried to kick her shins…but listened when she sat him down and spoke to him like an adult.
