8.75
Page 6
Twice. This was the second pivotal battle where a leader of Ailendamus had been slain, and she walked back in shame. Some even called for her to be stripped of her [Knight] class.
However, the crown and capital were silent for the moment. Itorin II and his war council were mustering troops, assessing the forces spared, arguing the ransom with the Dawn Concordat…
The immortals, though, said little at all. But if Merila were a blackened name, it was the biggest traitor, failure, and fool that had the most to reflect on.
Ryoka Griffin.
She had watched the battle with Dioname sick at heart. Rhisveri and she had been…odd when she first came back. He had looked at her with plain shock for what she’d done, but she had neither stopped Tyrion nor Eldavin.
In fact, Sammial and Oesca had nearly died because someone had tried to kill her. Much of the last five days had simply been the Lucifen, Ailendamus’ best [Mages], the [Spymaster]—all working with Ryoka to find clues as to who had nearly killed her.
Queen Oiena of Ailendamus was on the warpath. However, the great battle had cast a pallor over all. Ryoka…
Ryoka Griffin did not collapse into a puddle of self-loathing. Or panic. Or run off. She visited Sammial, who was already up by the third day and demanding a tiara of his own just in case he had to keep hanging around with her. She hid from interviews and [Message] spells from people demanding to know if she was mind-controlled or just evil.
She tried to understand who was trying to kill her this time.
 
——
 
Queen Oiena didn’t know, incidentally. It wasn’t her. She checked. The [Queen] of Ailendamus, and formerly Princess of Gura of Taimaguros, had a purr in her voice when she was beyond anger. It meant she was about to have someone killed so horribly that the [Executioner] would have nightmares about it.
She had, as had been mentioned, her own network of agents, spies, and people separate from Ailendamus proper. She had imported it from Taimaguros and added to it with her power, such that even the Circle of Thorns had been taken in by her ruse.
In fact, some former [Assassins] from Izril were in her employ, having switched sides long ago. They had stayed out of poisoning House Veltras; she had wanted the Circle to fail. She bore Sammial Veltras no ill-will. And her daughter…
“Just so I am perfectly clear. I want honesty. I will have any lying tongues torn out of their mouths and hammered to the Taima-damned walls. I did not order Ryoka Griffin harmed in any way.”
Her people looked at her and shook their heads as one. The thing was…Queen Oiena was checking to make sure she hadn’t done it.
…Because she might have. The trick to lying was that if you didn’t remember what you’d done, you were de-facto innocent to many spells. It was conceivable she had ordered something, then carefully erased that knowledge herself.
Oiena had already been almost sure she hadn’t, though. A bomb of that magnitude in her own palace? She wasn’t an idiot! If she were going to kill Ryoka, she would have faked an allergic reaction and let the Wind Runner expire that way.
“No, Your Majesty. You did have our agents prepare subtle itching powder to be added to all her clothing upon your discretion.”
“Countermand that. So I didn’t order it. Who did?”
One of her new agents was a Face from Izril. The [Assassin] bowed.
“Your Majesty. I can tell you with complete certainty—I don’t know.”
Oiena twitched.
“And why am I not hammering a nail into your forehead for that?”
The [Assassin] met her gaze levelly behind the mask he or she wore. The muffled response was quiet.
