8.75
Page 23
They were instantly recognizable to Ailendamus’ [Soldiers]. But the Greatbow archers hesitated as they saw the tall hats, dark clothing, and even capes. Clothing that revealed no skin for a monster or zombie to bite.
Dark leather and cloth. As bleakly stylish in its way as Regalius’ clothing. Nine figures—then ten—advancing in a wide, wide, scattered formation, carrying crossbows and swords. Weapons suited for their work.
[Hunters] of Noelictus. The famous Hunter’s Guild, which contained [Undead Hunters], [Witch Hunters]…
They were definitely hostile. The [Commander] saw one aim a crossbow and sent a flare into the sky. Another aimed their crossbow up, and a single bolt flew up, exploded into a shower, and sent people shouting for cover.
“Greatbows! Aim! Sound the alarm! Noelictus may be invading!”
The [Commander]’s gut churned. So soon after the Great General had fallen? They’d only received word today.
No…they had been waiting for something. This moment. A weakness. Ovela had never forgotten Ailendamus’ incursion.
The Greatbows fired, and the arrows snapped like thunder and flew, giant iron missiles. They targeted the [Hunters] and…
Missed.
One threw themselves sideways in a [Perfect Dodge], the arrow passing past their clothing. Another just leaned out of the way, and the [Counter Fire] took an [Archer] through the chest.
Ranged experts. The [Commander] realized they had to be the first wave, to take out the Greatbows. More enchanted quarrels were hitting the walls.
“Prepare for an all-out assault!”
Then he saw something rolling through the trees and looked up.
“Lance-arrows protect me—send word to the capital! The Hunter’s Guild is on the assault! I see banners of Afiele! Ovela—they’ve brought the siege weapons of the Hunter’s Guild! This is all-out war!”
The furious people of Noelictus followed the Hunters. And the Singer of Terandria, the Gravesinger’s voice.
Ovela stands. The advancing Hunters slowed a moment as something crashed through the trees. Those watching the battle on the border forts would see Noelictus’ declaration of war as it entered the conflict—the giant contraption, a siege weapon specialized to Noelictus.
The first gigantic impact stuck in the enchanted walls. Another blasted soldiers off the battlements. A third crashed into the gates and stuck there, preventing it from being fully raised.
The weapon was a tool of the Hunter’s Guild. It was known, colloquially, as a Bloodbeast Slayer. Why, exactly, no one could say but the oldest [Hunters] or those who recalled when it had been used.
The projectiles launched from the oversized ballista looked and were always made out of wood, incidentally. They looked like giant stakes.
 
——
 
Noelictus entered the war against Ailendamus the day after Pheislant. First two nations—who sent their forces to harass the Kingdom of Glass and Glory or link with the Dawn Concordat—then more.
If not outright war, then Desonis announcing it had closed its borders to any [Merchants] or forces of Ailendamus. Other nations sending funds or [Mercenaries]. Weighing the benefits to the dangers.
Taimaguros stood with Ailendamus. That was something. The two giant nations made all but the most belligerent think twice about all-out war.
Even so, this was a disaster. The rulers of Ailendamus, the immortals, gathered for a conference with the Wyrm.
Rhisveri. He lay there as they argued, the center of ire as much as anyone, because it was he who had pushed for war after war. They could have heeded the Wind Runner—they could have bided their time.
