8.75
Page 22
Ryoka Griffin’s eyes widened. Cara leapt…and her feet left the ground and stayed there. She drifted upwards, and Ryoka Griffin saw Cara turn.
“[Fame Is My Magic].”
She was flying. Ryoka saw Cara’s face shining with sweat, burning through…
The concerts. Fame? All that accumulated fame and attention—the [Singer] saluted Ryoka with two fingers.
“You’re not the only one who can fly. See you around, Ryoka.”
Then she took off into the sky. Cara flew through Ailendamus, following her band’s path, and came crashing down like a rock…six miles short of her wagons. They had to turn to pick her up as she lay on the ground, exhausted.
“Cara!”
Abebi dragged her up, and the [Singer] let them pull her into the wagon.
“The Wind Runner covered you?”
“Yeah. I’m not sure what her game is, but she’s staying. Hopefully they don’t reanimate her corpse. Either way—we’re out of here. Cat’s out of the bag…send the signal. I’ve failed.”
Cara collapsed into a chair as Abebi hovered there. Thien, Rae, Greg, and the others not-in-the-know looked confused as Cara’s head lolled. She’d failed the instant the Great General took the field. 
No Wind Runner saved, nor war averted. But at least Seraphel made it. Damn it, it didn’t feel like a victory.
“What signal?”
Thien demanded. Cara cracked one eye open.
“Grab a scrying orb. Do you think that Pheislant’s the only nation who was waiting for an excuse to go up against Ailendamus? There wasn’t a chance before this. Now…they’d better sue for peace. And if they do, it will be more than they ever gave others.”
 
——
 
On the borders of Ailendamus, their northwestern defenses were substantial. House Ecte and Noelictus had clashed often enough that it was not beyond belief that an attack might come from the nation beyond.
The Kingdom of Shade, Noelictus. Even the skies turned grayer at the borders of that kingdom plagued by death.
A strange land that people thought was filled with mad folk, who lived in a place with that much death magic. Yet it was filled with fields that produced much of Ailendamus’ grown food.
This particular section of the border, next to Ovela…this was most heavily reinforced of all. Last winter, Ailendamus had gone into Ovela and nearly taken it.
Nearly. But the [Baron] had fallen, and both sides agreed to a formal ceasefire for a time. Bad blood remained, though, oceans of it.
So when the first movement started across Noelictus’ soil, practically monochrome, bleached of color, either dark black or pale white, an alarm was raised.
The Greatbows of Ailendamus aimed at whatever was coming; Noelictus could send armies, and they would not so easily take the fortresses. However, this was not angry [Soldiers] on a raid from Ovela.
This was something else. The watchers on the walls frowned.
“What’s the count? How many detachments?”
The commander demanded, but no one could give him a straight answer.
“Contact on nine points…but I can’t pull the sizes of each. I just sense movement, lord.”
One of the [Scouts] had a [Sensor Network] variant that detected movement on the ground. But it should have provided rough estimates of a hundred soldiers here, ten here, thousands…
There was only one conclusion, which became evident as the trespassers broke through the treeline.
It wasn’t an army. At least…not in numbers.
Nine figures cleared the trees, which were grey, even the leaves, pale bark shining like strange faces in the ever-gloom, even under the day.
