8.75
Page 20
“Ecte’s failure was unexpected, but it makes sense now. So this Singer was always against us. Did you know? No…it doesn’t matter. What do you want?”
Ryoka was panting.
“Let her go.”
“You say the most outrageous things. Let her go…? Why?”
Ryoka Griffin pointed at Rhisveri.
“She…you don’t really care why she did it, do you? You know everything.”
“Most things. But she is an enemy of the state. Not a particularly dangerous one to me, but it’s good to have an enemy to try. Fairly, I imagine.”
Rhisveri allowed. Ryoka Griffin shook her head.
“Just…just let her go. Or don’t get involved. Let’s make a bet. I help her go free—you don’t lift a claw. Not one spell. If she gets free—”
The Wyrm snapped.
“You are trying my patience. This time, I’ll teleport you underground and see if your precious wind magic saves you! You have three seconds to get out of my sight! One, two…”
“Menorkel will riot. And you owe me this.”
Ryoka pointed her finger at Rhisveri, and the Wyrm stopped.
“…I forgot the Titan was obsessed with her. And ‘owe you’? I owe you, Thief—”
The Wind Runner shouted at Rhisveri, and her voice echoed around the room and palace.
“I stabbed the Archmage of Memories for you! I have proven I care about your life, Rhisveri! Give me this!”
He stopped, and Ryoka shouted on, into the silence.
“Haven’t you had enough death? Just make a bet with me and let her go. Please. She defended herself and her friend from Ailendamus. She pleaded for an end to this war. You owe me this. Does a Wyrm have no respect for anyone but himself?”
She called on the one favor and thing she had and saw the Wyrm draw himself up. He glared at her and barked back.
“Of course not!”
Then he hesitated.
“…But it makes no sense to create a martyr. Very well. A bet, you said? If she crosses the borders, I’ll relent. So will every immortal—to help or hinder. You are free to do what you wish. But you will pay for any transgression.”
He sat back as Ryoka nodded shortly.
“So be it.”
 
——
 
Cara O’ Sullivan called the dead to defend her.
…Or tried to.
The problem with Ailendamus’ palace was that there were very few helpful dead bodies. The Singer of Terandria ran, cursing.
At first, it seemed like she would make it. Then someone turned her magic off. Someone suppressed the Skill and spells she was trying to use.
Then—just as abruptly—she felt her Skills return. Cara didn’t know what was going on, but she had a chance if she could use her Skills.
Her heart sank when she saw Ryoka Griffin. The Wind Runner touched down as Cara began to activate her trump card. Her final Skills.
Baron Regalius du Ecte stopped, looking as exasperated as Cara as the Wind Runner spread her arms.
“Stand aside, Ryoka.”
“I can’t let you hurt her. Cara—run.”
You fecking idiot! Cara backed up as [Riders] surrounded her. Did she have to rescue Ryoka too? What was she doing?
Whose side was she on? Regalius dismounted and walked past Ryoka. Or tried to. She barred his way, and he turned to face her, a look of true anger on his face.
“You have fought for Ailendamus, Ryoka. I consider you a friend. Please—do not try to play every side.”
“The Duke will let her go if she crosses the border. She’s against Ailendamus, but she just sang a song.”
“A song can kill. It has killed. My brother’s death is part of her.”
The Wind Runner gripped something tightly in one hand.
“Please, Regalius. I’ll stop you if I must. Cara—get out of here.”
“You are the dumbest, most addle-brained piece of shite who ever—”
