8.75
Page 8
“…He’s younger, now. Dioname must have hurled him back in time. Weaker. Even in her last minutes, she thought of Ailendamus first.”
The Wyrm’s head snaked around. He looked blankly away from Ryoka, then back towards her. She hesitated, thrown from her course for a second. She had seen the transformation, but didn’t understand it.
“Tyrion’s younger? Why would that…?”
“He lost his levels. Only explanation.”
Ryoka’s eyes went round. He lost his levels with his age? She understood in a flash why that would be—
“Can she do that?”
The Wyrm blinked at her like a snake, eyelids closing vertically, and then the first bit of annoyance entered his tone.
“…No, she just de-aged Lord Veltras for a lark. And that [Lord of Love and Wine] got a Skill capable of wiping a decade off someone. If this Pellmia Quellae were Level…70 I’d believe that. Or 60! He is not. That [Lord] is weak, now. He might have levelled, but Dioname took his fangs. She was a Great General to her end.”
His voice rose, gained some kind of strength. Ryoka looked up at him. That wasn’t…good. If Tyrion was that much weaker, what level was he now?
“He might not be a threat—but he represents the Five Families. Sammial Veltras is in danger. Wellfar is advancing on your coasts. It might not end this war, not after all that’s happened, but for purely humanitarian reasons, for a father to see his son and know he’s safe—or at least, home, since Sammial might never be safe because he’s Sammy—I want your permission to send him home. I’ll do it if I have to. But he goes.”
Rhisveri blinked at Ryoka a few times.
“Fine. Done. Get rid of him.”
The Wind Runner hesitated. She peered up at Rhisveri.
“Someone tried to kill me.”
“…Wasn’t me.”
“I know. I’m not leaving the palace, either. Not yet. Eldavin…Eldavin’s here. But I have someone I came here for.”
“Steal my scroll and die.”
The Wyrm was really throwing her off. There was no rancor in his tone, no bluster. Ryoka shook her head.
“No. I won’t try that. I don’t need to. But if I lean on the other immortals, pay them or convince them…”
“They’re free to do what they want. Whatever. Permission granted. You’re not a prisoner of the palace. I, Rhisveri, Duke, authorize you. You want it in writing?”
He was really, seriously mourning Dioname? Ryoka wasn’t sure if that was an act. Now, she thought he was being serious. She backed up a few steps.
“I…okay. In that case I’ll just, um—leave you. Which you want. Thanks.”
She wavered between saying something more and wisely shutting up. For once, wisdom won. Ryoka Griffin trotted off, but slowly. She counted.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven…
Eight seconds and she was halfway jogging out of the room when Rhisveri spoke.
“Just so you know. She would never have been revived with the Resurrection Scroll. It’s not just my vanity.”
Ryoka Griffin swung around.
“I never mentioned it.”
The Wyrm glared at her.
“You very loudly didn’t. She knew nothing about it. And even if she did—she’s a mortal.”
“I didn’t say anything.”
“She may be a Great General, but she’s still a mortal.”
“I know. Even Visophecin isn’t eligible. Makes sense.”
The Wyrm of Ailendamus just stared at Ryoka, pushing for an argument—but all he got was air. Ryoka Griffin waited. For what, she didn’t know—then the Wyrm curled in on himself, his body entering a spiral.
Inwards, inwards…and his head rose above the huge coils of his body. It rested on his curled self, like…someone leaning on his arms.
“It…wouldn’t work anyways, you see.”
