8.75
Page 0

(The author is now on a break until March 26th after writing a chapter a day for the last week! Whew…that was a lot. Don’t let me do it again unless it results in good writing.)
 
Sleep after great deeds was an endemic problem that most flesh-people faced. Some cloth-people too. They had to just collapse after great deeds were done. That was a natural response as the last endorphins or whatever it was that kept them upright, pure will sometimes, just drained away and they relaxed.
The trick was not to die in that moment of weakness. Of course, superior bodies did not need to sleep.
Yet Eldavin was weary. Somehow—Dioname had imposed the law of age, a mortal exhaustion, frailty of the bones, even weariness on a body that should not have age.
The Great General of Ages had perished, but she had left her mark even in passing. Politically, on those who had clashed with her—
And those she had left behind. In a very real sense, this battle was not the glorious victory the Dawn Concordat was hailing it to be. Yes, Ailendamus was in retreat and surrendering, but there were consequences that many had no idea of.
Still—amidst grief or bitter triumph or simply regret—you had to sleep. It was this world that made it so incongruous, though. Amidst loss, and sometimes the most heartbreaking tragedy, you were used to the sound, the voice. Even trained to expect it.
 
[Conditions Met: Aura Knight → Knight of the Dawn Class!]
[Knight of the Dawn Level 20!]
 
In the dark of night, a [Knight] rose.
“Whooo!”
His scream woke everyone in a thousand paces. And deafened Dame Meisa, who shot up, fumbling for a sword.
“Rabbit—what—”
“New class! New class—wait. I woke up.”
The Hobgoblin realized he had a problem. He tried to lay back down. Yes, it was the same dispassionate voice that was probably repeating in the minds of everyone napping—those that hadn’t been woken by his scream, that was.
Because you were sort of awake in that hazy fugue-state. It was the moment before true oblivion or dreams came, when you slipped away—that was when the voice came. That perfect moment when you were finally sleeping, not gripped by insomnia. Able to process, in a vague way, what was going on. Even refuse…if someone were so foolish.
The trick was to wait. Drift off…and hear…
 
[Bound Spell: Steps of Light obtained!]
 
“Mobility! I get spell! I’m magic! Argh—I woke up again!”
This time, Meisa hit him in the side. Someone threw a helmet at him.
“People are trying to level up over here, too, you know!”
“Sorry, sorry.”
He lay back down, really trying this time to not react…and the voice came, rushing a bit, not irritated, but perhaps as if even this unknowing force were worried it would be cut off by the overeager Goblin.
 
[Skill – Lightsoaked Armaments obtained!]
[Condition – Body: Solar Storage obtained!]
 
Meisa had waited for the third outburst and the Hobgoblin’s genuine, even childish delight. But it never came. He definitely woke back up after another few minutes.
“Rabbit? Did you get something great?”
She thought he’d changed classes, but the troubled head turned, and a visor cracked open a bit. She saw a deep frown as Rabbiteater spoke.
“…I’m a plant.”
 
——
 
The two slumbering [Knights] in the open battlefield napped under the stars, too tired to bother with beds.
[Princesses] got beds, even in the chaotic aftermath of a battle. This particular one?
Well. They cheered her name. Her parents wanted to speak to her, and even her sisters looked in awe. She didn’t tell anyone she’d nearly wet herself or how terrified she’d been.
