8.75
Page 12
“Sammial. If Tyrion, Jericha, Swey, Buscrei, and the others come here to battle Rhisveri and Ailendamus, they’ll die.”
“No they won’t! Swey only lost a hand! My father can beat anyone! I don’t want to go! Come with me, then?”
“I can’t.”
“Why? Because you’re busy kissing those [Knights]? Did Rhisveri do something to your head?”
Ryoka Griffin just looked the [Lord] solemnly in the eyes.
“No, Sammy. I have to finish what I began with Eldavin.”
The boy hesitated.
“Are you going…to kill him?”
The Wind Runner was still for a long time.
“I’m going to try.”
He gulped. The fight went out of Sammial as Ryoka looked at him, so she took him by the hand.
“How are you going to get me home? We’re on Terandria, you know.”
“I know.”
“Do you actually have a plan?”
Ryoka Griffin shrugged.
“…Sort of.”
Sammial Veltras considered that. He squinted up at Ryoka.
“Well, you cured me once. I guess you might know what you’re doing.”
His dubious consent earned, Ryoka had to now figure out a way to get Sammial Veltras, a [Lord] who was worth a lot as a ransom and might have people wanting to kill him—at the very least, a vulnerable target—
To Tyrion, or House Veltras, or just ‘safety’.
It was an easier job than dealing with Eldavin. In some ways, breaking a [Lord] out of Ailendamus with a Wyrm’s disinterested consent after she’d nearly ruined her life and betrayed one of her friends was Ryoka Griffin’s area of expertise. And she had people who could help her.
 
——
 
“Nope. Sorry.”
Cara O’Sullivan met Ryoka outside of the caravan. Her band was practicing in the distance, but the audience wasn’t really in the mood for music.
They were in that they needed it—but it was a hushed feeling in Ailendamus. They didn’t want a band, so Cara sang to them.
No one was allowed within a hundred feet of the caravan. Cara’s guard was up for reasons Ryoka didn’t fully understand.
One of them was Ryoka herself. The [Singer] had a scratchy voice as she drank a potion. Had she been singing?
The answer was yes, but Cara looked at Ryoka like a stranger. Nearly killing an Archmage on camera did that to your relationship.
“I guess there’s more you didn’t tell me. Just—tell me this. Do you regret it?”
Ryoka Griffin looked at Cara as the [Singer] offered Sammial some toffee. It instantly glued his teeth together, and Ryoka learned a new way to deal with the boy.
“I regret all my mistakes. But…I had my reasons, Cara.”
The [Popstar] rose and shrugged. Her hands in her pocket, she stood back from Ryoka, looking her up and down, eying the Faeblade.
“I bet. I can’t help you. I want to, but Sammial Veltras is too famous for my band, and we’re not bound for any port. Ailendamus has some on the west coast.”
The Kingdom of Glass and Glory stretched so far it did have ports on the west, above Pheislant…but only there. Ryoka could get Sammial to Tyrion, but Tyrion was going to war.
“Okay. But if you—”
“No. Sorry. I’m canceling my contract with Ailendamus too, Ryoka. I…can’t stay. Nor can I stick around as this nation fights these terrible wars.”
Ryoka understood that after seeing that bloody five-day battle. Yet she tried to stop Cara.
“I thought you were going to sue for peace. If there was any time…now’s your chance. Our chance. I’ll help you.”
“By killing an Archmage? Or are you going to stab everyone who wants to keep fighting? I grant you, if it works it works. But no. I have to go. Soon.”
Cara’s eyes shifted, and Ryoka glanced over her shoulder. Was it one of them? Cara?
“Where’s Greg?”
“Practicing.”
Cara waved to the distant band, rehearsing without her. She looked at her audience.
