8.75
Page 9
Ryoka Griffin made a sound, and Rhisveri just stared at her. She stopped the half-scoff and thought that if it came out of her mouth—she died.
“It. Would not. Work. I am not lying or prevaricating. If I…had the thought, I wouldn’t. A Scroll of Resurrection is one type of way to revive someone. There are lesser versions, you know.”
“I know.”
The Wyrm didn’t blink at her knowledge of things thought impossible in this world. He went on.
“This scroll is perfect. It can work on any being and bring them back to their body, no flaws, no lost levels, no ulterior costs. You’re not bound to some stupid phylactery, you don’t have only ten more years…but perfection is a cost. And that is that you return to your body as it was. Great General Dionamella ended her life by using time to strike down the Archmage of Memory and Tyrion Veltras.”
“…Oh.”
Rhisveri nodded. He looked sideways and laughed softly.
“She had no idea the scroll existed. If—I—she might turn to ash the moment she reappears. She vanished. Where? What threat? I do not know.”
“I’m sorry for—”
“Get out.”
The Wind Runner hesitated. The Wyrm didn’t look at her. She backed up a step. Then a few hundred more. Ryoka hurried to the doorway. She hesitated, put herself behind the stone and archway, then called out.
“…Ghosts exist.”
Rhisveri looked at Ryoka. The Wind Runner froze.
“[Teleportation Ray].”
She turned to run, but the ray curved, zapped her in the back, and teleported her two thousand feet straight up. The Wyrm wished it made him feel better. He lay there.
“Ghosts exist. That Human thinks she’s delivering the Book of Levels each time she opens her mouth.”
He muttered to himself, growing a bit more animated despite his…Rhisveri slithered around.
“I know ghosts exist. I taught you to see them, after all. Is that what you saw? What killed you? You left no body.”
He spoke to the air of the throne room. Rhisveri’s voice echoed, and the chamber was warded against all intrusions and voices. Yet he spoke…not to himself. His head rose. He looked right and left. Up and down.
“Are you angry at me? I should have sent you allies. Visophecin. You assured me you were in control, and I believed you. It isn’t my fault. Are you…sulking?”
His eyes narrowed, and he scanned the room. The Wyrm’s voice rose.
“Do you want me to apologize? Grovel for your forgiveness? You accepted my call! You could have retired or asked what you wanted! You already had your wish! Do you want me to—”
He caught himself, and his eyes went wide. Rhisveri looked around. Not the visible world, but…his voice dropped to a whisper.
“I’m sorry. There. I am sorry. Will you speak to me?”
Ghosts exist. Ryoka Griffin did not tell Rhisveri anything he didn’t already know. The Wyrm stared around a world unseen…and then something rose from the floor. Someone.
He could even hear them. If he tried. The stronger ones could even return to the mortal world, sometimes. Though they needed gaps or magic most times. Or just death magic. Yet a ghost slowly climbed upwards.
“It is good you apologize, Rhisveri. Let us put bygones behind us, Brother. I forgive you.”
A female Wyrm, far smaller than Rhisveri, slithered up from the floor. The Wyrm of Ailendamus blinked at the person he hadn’t expected.
“Sister?”
“Of course. And I forgive—”
“[Dismiss Specter].”
He hit her with a spell, and she shrieked as she was cast into the aether, somewhere else. Rhisveri snarled.
Ailendamus’ palace was warded against ghosts. It was one of the places they could not walk—but he had relaxed the magics and wards today. He waited, looking around.
