8.75
Page 19
The Agelum were the fair counterparts to the Lucifen. One was most skilled at magic. The other the physical element of war.
That wasn’t unique to immortals, though. Even as a young one, Gilaw was already on-par with a Great Knight. Ailendamus let immortals train their already prodigious talents. Rhisveri himself was a Wyrm who had improved himself and continued to do so.
Menorkel, Fithea’s ward, had to take combat lessons, but the Titan was infamous for evading them to practice his not-so-secret passion of singing. Igolze knew all this with little interest.
It had never occurred to him to ask why Rhisveri was so insistent a Titan learn to fight. Ryoka could have told Igolze some stories about Titans. They were not Giants.
In some mythologies, they predated the ___s. And so Igolze found Menorkel wielding a pair of chairs he’d picked up—
Fighting off over three dozen [Knights].
They weren’t trying to kill him, but they were baring their blades. One swung at Menorkel in a [Flash Cut]. The Titan’s two heads saw it, and he stepped back—then hit his opponent in the chest with a kick.
The [Knight] took out six more before he landed. Igolze saw Gilaw beating down someone trying to stop Menorkel. He whirled. Baron Regalius seized the Lucifen; the impeccable clothing was torn. But Regalius was still upright.
“Where is the Singer?”
A [Knight] went flying as Menorkel tossed him. Distraction or not, the Titan was one person, and the entire palace was up in arms. Regalius and Igolze ran towards the Singer’s obvious escape route.
The caravan. Her band hadn’t left! The colorful wagons were right there, and Regalius howled.
“Surrender in the name of the Kingdom of Glass and Glory!”
“Wait—”
Igolze’s eyes narrowed. The [Baron] ignored him and charged…straight through an illusion of Rae playing the bass. He whirled, slashing at the air, and Igolze blinked.
The entire caravan was…
 
——
 
Everyone had a secret. Everyone had come to this world and survived. If you were here, you had depths.
Even Greg. He lay on his back, staring up at the clouds.
“I think she fancied me, you know. Everyone was talking about me and her—I never got a chance to even talk to her, but—you know, Rae?”
“No. Shut up, Greg.”
The entire band was a bit dispirited and confused. Especially since they were crammed into the wagons and unable to even advertise their presence. Greg stared through a glass skylight in the wagon as he rested his head on a pillow.
“Why’d we have to leave in secret?”
They had gone nearly non-stop for two days, breaking for the southeast, the closest border—with all the speed that Abebi could get out of the [Caravan Master] and their enchanted wheels. Abebi snapped as she unfurled a [Message] scroll. She went pale.
“…Because something’s going down. That’s it—”
“We’re going to stop?”
Thien sat up. He really, really needed to pee. The dark wagons around them had no colorful paint; they could change color so that they could hide. Cara had spent a fortune on them in what most assumed was paranoia.
…Or not. Abebi shook her head.
“Nope. Get me the [Caravan Master]. Everyone—gallop! Cara’s on the run, and Ailendamus is going to chase us and lock us up forever if they catch us. Get to the border! Cara will find us.”
Greg sat up.
“Huh? Why?”
“Shut up, Greg!”
 
——
 
Cara was the only person left anywhere near Ailendamus’ capital…but it was Cara that they all wanted.
Rhisveri was, himself, watching her flee. He was muttering.
“So that’s who it was. Someone from your world.”
He looked up as Ryoka Griffin came to a standstill. The Wyrm stretched.
