8.75
Page 18
Ryoka hesitated. Cara was waiting as the [Knights] came up the stage. She had a microphone held loosely in one hand, but she was just a [Popstar] and [Thespian]. She addressed Regalius in that moment.
“He could have left. He was a harsh man.”
Regalius looked up at her, and his eyes were lost.
“You may tell me the truth, Singer. It falls upon deaf ears. He was my brother.”
She nodded. That was all. Cara’s head bowed as a [Knight] reached for her.
“Surrender quietly, [Singer]. Do not use a Skill—”
Cara’s head rose slightly. Her eyes gleamed. Ryoka saw her look up—and Cara’s polite veneer, her poise—all of that faded away.
Cara, the real Cara, who had spoken to Ryoka Griffin, who was prickly and intelligent and furious, raised her head. She lifted the microphone to her lips.
“No, thank you. I will be leaving and wish you all the worst, ladies and gentlemen. And as a parting gift—”
The [Knight] grabbed for her—too late. The Singer of Terandria had no sword. They did, and armor. She was no warrior…but she had survived the Spider of Terandria.
She was the highest-level person in that room. The [Knights] and Regalius were trained warriors who could cut someone down in a moment.
Sound was still faster.
Cara’s shriek into the microphone deafened Ryoka, and the Wind Runner had put her hands over her ears, guessing what was coming. Ryoka was expecting that—
But not to go blind.
[Banshee’s Voice]. The howl turned Ryoka’s vision dark, and she stumbled into Regalius. The entire room collapsed, clutching their heads. When Ryoka got up, head breaking, Cara was making a break for it.
“Sound the alarm!”
Regalius rose to his feet and howled above the ringing in every ear. But Cara had already vaulted the stage and was halfway down the hallway. Ryoka stared.
She ran like—
Ryoka. Like she was an athlete, and fast. Was she copying Ryoka with a Skill? Then Cara popped a vial and sped up.
Potion of Speed. She hadn’t been unprepared for a getaway. But the palace was in uproar, and the alarms were ringing. Ryoka looked around and ran for the only place she could think of, as Cara tried to escape.
Baron Regalius and the [Knights] made to follow, but they ran into a problem. For the third time since Ovela, a half-Giant disgraced the Kingdom of Glass and Glory.
“I can’t let you hurt her! Stop!”
Menorkel shouted. Gilaw was looking between him and the escaping prey, still shaking her head to get rid of the Skill.
“One side, young man!”
Regalius bellowed. Menorkel shoved him back, and the [Baron] went stumbling. That was it—the [Knights] had enough.
“Arrest him and sort it out later!”
They went for him. [Knights] leapt at the ‘half-Giant’. He was so tall they spared no force. Not when a state criminal was escaping. One of the Thirsting Veil grabbed Menorkel.
“[Grip of Paralysis]!”
The Titan punched her. The woman had no helmet on in the palace, and she dropped without a word. A Drell Knight hesitated and raised a fist.
“[Minotaur Punch].”
He would have been really useful against Rabbiteater. Menorkel caught the fist, and the Drell Knight hesitated. He raised a hand—and Menorkel punched him.
It was just…a fast punch. That was how it looked. Baron Regalius turned his head as the Drell Knight, a Level 34 one…dropped. The other [Knights] saw that and drew their blades.
Menorkel grabbed a chair.
 
——
 
The immortals of Ailendamus reacted to the alarm with…alarm. They were ready to kill anything and instantly thought of Ryoka.
It was one of the Lucifen, Igolze, who reached the sound of fighting first. Not the [Singer]. What he found made even him stop.
