8.75
Page 5
The next Lightherald? Seraphel had deep, deep suspicions about who had given Ser Solstice the blessing of the Eternal Throne. If it was who she thought it was…her little sister had just risen to the top of Seraphel’s favorite family members.
Dalimont would clue her in later. The boon still hung around Rabbiteater, but he just looked at one of the people turning with genuine enthusiasm to him.
“Ah, and this is Ser Solstice of Izril. The anonymous [Knight] who championed Calanfer.”
Aielef was introducing him as he walked forwards, still in battle-gear. Lord Tyrion Veltras turned and actually smiled.
“A [Knight] of ability. Ser Solstice—”
He hesitated. Jericha, the nobles of House Veltras, the onlookers…all sensed a certain…animosity fill the air.
Ser Solstice’s face was never visible, and the dented helm and armor were the same as ever. Did he walk differently? Was it simply his aura, or that animal instinct?
Tyrion Veltras stopped talking. Seraphel frowned, and a few of the Order of Seasons blinked as Ser Solstice strolled over the ground. Very quickly. A fast, long-legged stride as he reached up and put his hand on the haft of the enchanted axe he carried. He drew it in one motion and brought it down.
Lord Tyrion’s shield came up and the sound of the weapon meeting shield deafened Seraphel. Aielef shrieked and everyone shouted and drew their blades, coming together to—
Rabbiteater’s [Grand Slash] hit Lord Tyrion so hard the [Lord] staggered, even at full-guard. His sword was half-unsheathed, but neither he nor the strange [Knight] swung twice. Rabbiteater walked past him without a word.
“What was—do you two know—?”
Lord Tyrion stared after Rabbiteater as he caught himself. Jericha was already sweating over spinning that off as a surprise attack—Tyrion could obviously block that attack regularly, he was just tired.
The Lord of House Veltras saw Buscrei aiming an arrow but lifted a hand. There was only one conclusion to come to.
“This Ser Solstice never removes his helmet?”
He turned to the others, and Seraphel nodded.
“No one knows who he is.”
Tyrion nodded briefly. His eyes focused on Rabbiteater’s back as the helmeted head turned to him. Rabbiteater made a few gestures that made Aielef gasp and clutch at her mouth.
“…He must have been at Liscor. Or, if not that, the Bloodfields. I may have met him on some battlefield before.”
It was, for once, the most correct answer from Tyrion, who read Rabbiteater’s hostility right. Everyone turned to him and then eyed Rabbiteater with the sudden interest of people who knew exactly who he was…probably. Vernoue muttered behind Seraphel.
“If he’s from a tribe…tribes have magic. Walled Cities have huge libraries. I can do fur. Or scales.”
Seraphel and Aielef turned to eye her. So did Dame Meisa.
 
——
 
If Ser Solstice held a grudge against Tyrion Veltras, and the disgraced Griffin Prince was somewhat restored in battle, that was the largesse afforded to the victors.
By contrast, everyone in Ailendamus’ defeated army bore a share of the blame. Ironically, it was the Bear of Ailendamus, General Yerzhen, whose name was somewhat cleared, though still blackened.
His defeat at the hands of a lone [Knight] he had taken prisoner made more sense now that everyone saw it was the same soul who had bested the Dame of the Hills. Even so—he was in disgrace. The army was in disgrace.
Yet Dame Merila, the Hill-Knight, the only Great Knight on the field…she had failed her nation.
