8.75
Page 14
The disaster came that evening, as Ryoka Griffin was saying farewell to Sammial. He clung to her hand.
“Can’t I stay? Please?”
“You nearly died. People are in danger around me, Sammial. And even if that’s okay normally…I think it’s about to get bad here.”
Eldavin, Rhisveri’s auction…the [Lord] kicked at the ground as the Lucifen waited. He pointed at someone waiting to say farewell, too.
Oesca was surrounded by so many bodyguards, including two Great Knights—not Gilaw—that Ryoka could barely see her. But she had apparently convinced her mother she had to say farewell. The [Lord] aimed a finger at her and spoke loudly.
“It’s not fair! I like the people here! Like Uzine! And Uzine! And mostly Uzine, but also Oesca! Can I take her with me?”
“…She’s a [Princess], Sammial.”
“Well, Rhisveri kidnapped me.”
The bodyguards did not seem amused by the banter, and before Ryoka could be tackled by a linebacker wearing plate armor, she spoke.
“Maybe you can visit if the war ends.”
“Or I shall visit you, Sammial! You have to give me a tour of House Veltras. I’ll ask my mother and father to end the war—and so should you! It’s silly—we’re not on opposite sides! Just on different continents!”
Oesca came forwards, and Ryoka gave the [Princess] a smile. The [Princess of Trousers]—and Ryoka dearly hoped she got the class—had done away with a skirt today.
Sammial Veltras shook her hand and turned to Ryoka with a sigh. But he brightened up when he saw his escort.
Dame Chorisa and the Thirsting Veil [Knights] under Rhisveri’s command had good reasons to leave the palace themselves. They had volunteered for this ride—with some persuasion by Uzine. They were all waiting in the teleportation circle that would send them across Ailendamus.
Teleportation is safer than me carrying him…? Yes. Teleportation by Lucifen is safer than me, Ryoka Griffin, strapping Sammial to my glider. 
Sammial Veltras being in the company of [Knights] who were not prone to Ryoka’s drama? Also check.
“It’s not a long ride, Lord Veltras. We should be at the port by nightfall on the third day. It is our honor to escort you.”
“Alright. But only if you show me how to poison my dagger!”
Dame Chorisa gave Ryoka a look, but Ryoka just nodded to her. I’m not making your life easier. Sammial Veltras walked away from Ryoka and glanced back a few times as the spell began.
“Are you coming home?”
“As soon as I can. I promise.”
He vanished in a flash of light, and Ryoka sniffed hard. Uzine patted her on the back.
“There, there. He’s perfectly safe. Your plan is very logical. Even Visophecin agreed. Why not distract yourself? I haven’t seen that young man who you brought to your rooms. What was his name? Greg? No accounting for taste, but maybe he’s around.”
Ryoka covered her face as Oesca looked at her. Greg.
Damn you, Greg!
 
——
 
Yet she didn’t see Greg that night. Only Cara, who was preparing for a somber song about the loss, a tribute to Dioname.
She didn’t see Rae or the others, either, and assumed the band was coming. Word of the Singer leaving abruptly had spread, but no one was mourning it hard given the true loss of their Great General.
…Except Menorkel, that was.
“Ryoka. Ryoka! You have to help smuggle me into Miss Cara’s caravan!”
The Titan tried to drag Ryoka over to the caravan still off-limits to all. Ryoka tried to get free, but her legs kicked a few feet off the ground. Gilaw captured them, and they began to carry her off.
“Menorkel! You can’t go, and you know it. Gilaw! Don’t help him!”
The Titan’s face was a mask of grief.
