8.76 B
Page 54
He turned and saw Fezimet staring. Peclir’s face returned to its bland mask. He’d said too much. He saw Fezimet turn and hurriedly brush at his desk.
“A wonderful dream, Peclir. Truly…Lizard-like of you. I will send my forces, as I said. Please—join me for a drink in celebration of the Jungle Tails’ resurgence! I note they didn’t change the name. Recognition. But about that name change? Let’s have some wine and proper lighting—damn.”
He was pulling out a wine glass and bottle and lighting a rich, scented candle when he knocked it over. The desk must not have been enchanted, because Fezimet blew at the fire hurriedly. And that…gave Peclir an idea.
“Of course. That’s so simple. Burn it down.”
Fezimet looked up from his desk and the candlewax.
“…Excuse me?”
Peclir walked back to the window and looked at the jungle encroaching onto Talenqual from all sides, growing into the road. Paeth on the Coast…it could be anywhere in a stretch of countless miles of undergrowth. Check each tree? What if they hid themselves and faked it?
“Burn it. The entire forest. Everywhere north of Talenqual—start a fire and wipe out everything until you find Paeth. Either they cook or have to extinguish the fire. Or they’re the last tree standing.”
He turned and saw the Quexal’s mouth open. Burn an entire jungle? A hundred miles of…
It was not easy in humid Baleros. But the rains had passed, and…if you started a large enough fire? Yet the Quexal seemed horrified by this.
He had pontificated long about the reasons to kill the Fraerlings, and Peclir was sick and tired of hearing the Quexal inventing excuses to moralize his point. But this was apparently the step too far.
“Chamberlain Im. That…the wilderness provides us with hunting, wood, food, alchemy reagents. Talenqual—probably over half of the jobs and income are based around the forest being…there. If we eradicated the jungle? It’s not all ours. It would ruin everything.”
Peclir frowned.
“And? Paeth is worth more than a thousand miles of forest, Fezimet.”
“Yes, but this is my city.”
The Quexal was growing agitated. He looked around.
“We don’t even have a full claim on—if I burned it down, every settlement and company neighboring ours would be up in arms! The [Druids]—Nagas!”
He was making up objections, but Peclir saw how simple it was. No guerrilla force could hide in ash. It was fast—fire was very fast, and a wildfire was something even Paeth feared. He strode over to the desk and grabbed one of Fezimet’s wings. The Quexal was very strong and jerked away, but Peclir looked him straight in his slitted eyes.
“Burn it and I will make you a Nagatine Scion of the Jungle Tails Company. Up to a million Lizardfolk under your direct command. Second only to the top of Jungle Tails.”
That was far more than the command of a hundred thousand that Fezimet had been promised. The Quexal’s eyes went round. He looked out at his view of the city, then the forest beyond. Peclir put a hand on his shoulder.
[Orders from Above]. He saw Fezimet’s head turning, and the Quexal wrestling, thinking…then his look at Peclir.
“I…will empty Talenqual. I expect my promotion by nightfall, you understand. And a declaration—I will make a formal declaration that the Featherfolk Brigade has joined Jungle Tails.”
A public announcement that Jungle Tails would have to ratify. So Fezimet couldn’t be denied his rewards. He was all-in.
No turning back. The first fires of Paeth’s burning lit themselves in the Quexal’s eyes as Peclir nodded.
“Very good, Commander Fezimet.”
 
——
 
