8.76 B
Page 22
…Because he was going to die far from Paeth’s walls.
Cotm just knew it. The odds of Fraerlings surviving alone were remote. Even the bravest Fraerlings who founded villages without the magical protections Paeth and the largest settlements enjoyed—crazy even by Tallguard standards—didn’t do it alone.
Here he was, leading four [Strategists] and various mercenaries in defense of Paeth against over forty thousand Lizardfolk, and they were in service to a Great Company. Cotm was a dead Fraerling.
But if he died…the Fraerling felt the world vanish under his feet. For three seconds the Fraerling flew as Marian leapt something and kept him weightless, pressed up against the top of Umina’s belt pouch.
Then Cotm landed and covered his mouth. Umina and Marian winced as they heard a loud and horribly precise sound of someone upchucking what they’d eaten.
 
——
 
“Ancestors. Are they dead? What is that sound?”
Kissilt nearly tore the tiny speaking stone out of his earhole as he heard the horrible gurgling splutter and coughing. Cameral winced as he consulted their map in their camouflaged camp.
“Cameral. Checking in. Marian?”
“We’re fine. One down…our ‘guest’ is, uh, sick.”
“Ancestors.”
Kissilt repeated himself. It was about the eighteenth time he’d said it this entire week. The normally-prickly Drake looked at Cameral, then turned to the others.
“Attack Group 2 is incoming.”
“Roger, Strategist.”
Someone crisply saluted then performed a hand-gesture, and Kissilt nodded. The Drake irregulars sighted Marian and Umina’s force a second later—and still called it in.
“Counting thirty…five on approach. Numbers line up.”
The Drakes watched as Centaurs and Lizardfolk slowed as they approached the camp. One called out.
“Hail. Salazsar’s Gems?”
“Fuck you. We’re not doing this every single time.”
One of the Lizardfolk, perhaps Umina herself, made a rude gesture. The Drakes glowered back, but opened the camp they’d set up. The Lizardfolk and Drakes glared at each other.
Kissilt met Umina and Marian and felt less of that instinctive hostility between Lizardfolk and Drakes. But it was there.
Drakes hated Lizardfolk. As it turned out, it was not an entirely one-sided dislike, although Drakes certainly harbored a grudge from old wars and the Naga Incursions.
However…Drakes could get on Lizardfolk nerves, which was actually fairly amazing to Dullahans, Centaurs, and Baleros’ Humans. It was all their regulations. The Lizardfolk had not appreciated having to call out passphrases that changed every day whenever they went for a walk or used the latrine or just at random.
What a weird force. Kissilt was a Manus-trained [Strategist]. Umina and Marian were natives to Baleros, and so was Cameral, although he came from much further north. In this camp, Lizardfolk, Centaurs, and Drakes were all joined in small numbers, less than a hundred total, to fight the Featherfolk Brigade.
Just three weeks ago, Kismet Securities had been the Drake’s focus, but now he was conducting a sabotage guerrilla operation that might land him dead if it were discovered in service to one of the mythical Fraerling cities.
All things considered, he felt like he was finally moving up in the world.
“How’s our ‘guest’?”
The first thing they did when they entered the command tent was check on Cotm. Cameral was orchestrating their three attack groups. No Dullahans…they were too slow, too notable, and he hadn’t been able to pull a group without going through official channels.
