8.76 B
Page 42
Resk slowly popped another bit of cherry into his mouth and eyed the others. Luan heard Noa protesting.
“I’m just—”
“You were about to tell them what Signim does. You know we’re trusting Luan, but we can’t be sure. Cotm is risking his life out there, and Sentry Leader Ekrn and Guidance Heish are too. I know you’re brave enough to volunteer to come out here, but stop acting like a child. You are a disgrace to the Tallguard.”
“I—I—just—”
“Stop stuffing your face and keep an eye on your lodestone bracelet. Got it? Now, when we go back out there, I want you to focus and get these Tallfolk moving in Paeth’s defense. Not acting like some kind of [Performer].”
“Okay, Kessice. I’m sorry.”
“Alright. Alright, I know this is an adventure. Don’t cry. Here. Take this and blow your nose. You can have ice cream. I like it too—just don’t tell them about Signim and secrets?”
“Okay.”
Someone blew their nose faintly, and after a few more moments, Noa, slightly red-eyed, walked around the teacup. Kessice smiled up at everyone.
“Sorry about that. Signim is a bit…classified. Let’s all have ice cream and discuss next steps, shall we?”
Resk eyed the Tallfolk, and Luan looked at the others. Kessice’s bland smile faltered a bit.
“We heard all that.”
The two Tallguard and the Alchimagus looked up at Luan, and both Kessice and Noa turned red.
“What? No you didn’t.”
Paige leaned on the table.
“We definitely did.”
Daly lifted a finger.
“Yeah, and we can hear when you pass gas too. And smell it. Shit’s loud.”
Resk coughed and instantly created a breeze spell. Kessice and Noa exchanged looks. Luan rose.
“You’re right, though, Kessice. We don’t need to know everything. Paeth is in danger. So…what can we do? I’ll do another delivery run, but Daly?”
The Bushranger grimaced.
“We’ve got funds from that Stelbore to give, Luan. I’d take the Bushrangers into the wild and harry the Featherfolk’s [Scouts], but…we’d get torn to pieces. We’re not used to fighting people, and we’re outlevelled. Maybe we have weapons now—but we don’t have the numbers. Quallet’s forces…”
He trailed off. Luan nodded, and Kessice coughed.
“You…may not have to worry about the scouts. The Featherfolk Brigade has been stymied fairly well. They’re advancing, but Cotm has checked them.”
“What, by himself? Cotm?”
Resk and Noa exclaimed. Kessice smiled with faint pride.
“Yes. So just focus on getting us deliveries for now, eh? But on that note—”
She sombered and looked at Luan.
“—You’re a Courier. Do you know how to cross the sea? Have you learned how to use the Archmage’s Jet?”
“What? No. That’s—I’ve heard that’s almost suicide unless you have an amazing vessel.”
Which he did have, come to think of it. But Luan wouldn’t try that unless…Kessice shrugged.
“Something to bear in mind. One option I just got from Sentry Leader Ekrn revolves around fixing this entire situation with the Forgotten Wing Company. And they need their Titan back.”
Everyone turned to look at Luan. He gulped. Sculling at a record-breaking speed along the coast was one thing. But the ocean?
“How are things at the Forgotten Wing Company? Did Ekrn say?”
Kessice’s face didn’t change, but she flicked her eyes to Noa, Resk, and decided to tell everyone.
“Bad. Fraerlings might have…a traitor.”
 
——
 
The representatives of eight Fraerling settlements did not meet or walk about as freely. Like their people, they retreated to their own corners, and only a few exited to walk the Fraer-ways.
They were so quiet. So…empty. Niers had clearly designed the carpeted hallways and many meeting rooms and exits for countless Fraerlings.
