8.76 B
Page 40
She kicked him so hard that Luan’s shins felt it. That was probably a joke she’d heard too many times. Resk was still going on, but Noa was laughing so hard at the amusing Tallfolk she fell off her grape.
“Do you want something to eat, Noa?”
Aiko offered. She had an obsession with watching the Fraerling nibble on food. Well, fair was fair—so did Luan. Noa sat up.
“What about…do you have some ice cream Luan was talking about?”
“I’ll get some!”
By the time Aiko came back, Resk was done pontificating on the loss of knowledge in Fraerling libraries. However, he beamed around.
“The one thing that’s never lost are the Plans, though. Thanks to The Last Box. You see, the Clockmakers had the kind of foresight to predict calamities—if not the exact ones. The Last Box is indestructible, almost immovable unless some very specific steps are taken—”
Paige interrupted, stuttering.
“W-what did you just call Gnomes? Clockmakers?”
And there it was again. Resk’s eyes lit up.
“Yes, of course. It was one of their names for themselves. Or attributed to them? You see—and this is something fascinating, I should have brought one—we have these things called clocks. They tell time accurately, far more than your sundials. You don’t have to look at the sun or use hourglasses—”
“We know what clocks are.”
The name! Luan looked at Siri as Resk stared at a smartphone.
“My word! You aren’t complete savages after—I mean, Clockmakers. Gnomes have tons of nicknames. Noa…what are the others?”
Kessice glanced up from her lodestone bracelet as Noa stared at a bowl of ice cream and her mouth fell open. Aiko had even gotten a cherry and whipped cream.
“Aiko, you’re going to kill her with that much!”
Resk instantly hurried over and waved at Kessice as Noa climbed onto the edge of the bowl and looked down.
“Not with me helping her, ah—carrying this burden! Kessice, do you want some?”
“In a second.”
“Where was I? Noa, give me half of that cherry. I love cherries. Names. Gnomes called themselves a few things. So did we.”
“The Wise Giants?”
Resk chuckled as he was handed half of the cherry.
“Oh yes. Fraerlings called them that. Other races had names like the Laughing Tricksters of Baleros. Gnomes did love their pranks. That’s recorded. So intelligent they made every other race look slow. They liked referring to themselves as Clockmakers and—this is an odd one—‘the Second-Farthest Travellers’. I have no idea who the furthest were.”
The clues. Luan felt his skin tingling, and if a certain other Courier were here…well. Resk sighed.
“But they did pass away. Not of war. Old age, actually. They were famously aloof to all but our species. Nations tried to hunt them, and Gnomes would laugh and trick their armies and greatest champions.”
“Old age? But didn’t they repopulate?”
The Alchimagus shook his head.
“They refused to. I don’t know why. Their last great work upon this world was to give our people, the smallest, their Plans. It has kept us alive as a species, and we will always be grateful to them. The Last Box is that plan. Oh, we can share blueprints and copy knowledge, but The Last Box is a puzzle. We solve their assignments and discover magic and technology. We’ve been doing it for thousands and thousands of years, and we’re still finding more.”
It was like homework across aeons. Luan’s mouth was open. No—it was like if aliens had come to Earth and left clues, like people thought the pyramids were.
“So what’s in The Last Box? I assume there’s something, then. Hasn’t anyone solved it? Or do you know what’s inside?”
