8.76 B
Page 46
Ekrn looked at Seelda’s representative. The odds weren’t high that both were working together, so he nodded.
“If Seelda joins us…your people first.”
The Seelda Fraerlings breathed in audible relief as Gindal nodded after a moment. The [Explorer] jerked a thumb.
“This way.”
He led them at a brisk trot towards his area. Seelda’s representative was chattering in relief.
“Thank goodness. We have to stop Vuul! First Founding cities have to stick together. And, er, the doughty [Explorers] on the front.”
She smiled and went to link arms, and both Fraerlings edged away. Even the woman’s bodyguards stayed away from her—again, because of the silk trailing on carpets.
Static charge. Just enchant the stupid silk robes! They even had nubs—the imperfections in poorly-spun silk. Huge ones. Someone’s city was far from Paeth.
“Right.”
Ekrn sighed as the representative chattered on.
“This business with traitors aside, we must have aid. I know your cities are in danger from Tallfolk in the area, but Seelda is under siege! Why, we’re considering moving our Last Box out with any children we can. I asked your Guidance if she was willing to take our people—if Seelda falls, perhaps Paeth can keep them safe?”
Ekrn frowned as they passed by that blank corridor again. The [Explorer]’s head turned.
“…I know that wasn’t there.”
He looked back at Ekrn, and the Tallguard raised his brows. He knew that too, and he was sure Gindal would remember the layout of the Fraer-ways perfectly. Seelda’s representative didn’t notice. She went to hold Ekrn’s hand.
“Tallguard. Would you consider…?”
Ekrn jerked his hand away before she could touch him. The female Fraerling blinked as her fingers missed the Ring of Disintegration. Ekrn spun, drew Gindal’s dagger, and planted it in the ribs of the Fraerling trying to sneak up on him. Gindal aimed his crossbow up, and Ekrn shouted.
“You’ll kill us all!”
Gindal cursed as he realized it was loaded with the Vortex bolt—which would drag them all into the abyss. He dropped the crossbow, drew a fang-blade, and ran a Fraerling from Seelda through as they grabbed their weapons.
“Traitors! Abeix—”
Ekrn bellowed as he drew his own shortsword. Someone struck him across the face, and he stumbled, swearing.
“Kill them! How did they realize it?”
The traitorous Fraerling hid behind her bodyguard as they attacked. Gindal backed up, springing nimbly away, but Ekrn wasn’t so fast. He made it five steps as a sword glanced off his armor, and he swung around.
Steel weapons. A few were enchanted, but on the level of Gold-rank Tallfolk. Of course, Seelda could be desperate and poor.
However, a First Founding city? One clue was their representative’s poor robe that shocked people and was made of Tallfolk silk. Only they would think those giant imperfections in the cloth were worth it. Unenchanted? She had neither city-guards nor Tallfolk as bodyguards.
But the real clue that had tipped Ekrn and Gindal off was the request to take refugees from Seelda. A fair ask…but the Fraerling had made one mistake as someone not of a First Founding city.
You didn’t move The Last Box. The fact that she’d said that had confirmed they were walking into a trap.
Even so—Ekrn’s shortsword severed one blade and went into a chest. He felt his body surge with terrible vitality, and the deep gash across his jaw closed slightly as a Fraerling died.
“Ekrn! Back up!”
“No! Get your people and—”
Gindal was hesitating, but Ekrn could count. It was sixteen versus two and gear or not—his shortsword whirled and met a blade. Ekrn threw back one sword and four more struck him.
