8.76 B
Page 53
“We can copy their magic. A few survivors, their…records? And we will experience an advent to end our decline. Not just that. Fraerlings have knowledge, magic we lack. Think bigger than what you are.”
He poked the Quexal gently on one rainbow scale, and Fezimet looked at him, surprised.
“Greater Naga, Fezimet. Beyond Quexal. Do you think you have achieved beauty, fame, the peak of Lizardfolk’s evolutions? Think again.”
The outrage on Fezimet’s face faded, and a naked greed shone there.
“I…I can see why Paeth needs to fall. Before the Fraerlings evacuate or reinforce it. I’ll send everyone I can, absolutely.”
Peclir still wasn’t satisfied. Now that the attack had begun…it meant the Fraerlings knew they’d been duped. It wasn’t out of the question for every city to send a force of their Tallguard, and if they did…they could hold off the Featherfolk Brigade long enough to steal away with their entire city. If five Paeth-sized cities all sent forces and magic…
There had to be a better way than just hitting damn trees. But [Mages] couldn’t find Paeth as long as it was magically hidden. They had to force the Fraerlings over their ‘Allotment’ or do something else. A shame they didn’t have a prisoner—they should have sent some.
The Human had studied Fraerlings for a long time to get this much knowledge. He was mulling over how to expedite Paeth’s fall when Fezimet interrupted his thoughts.
“Purely as a question, Chamberlain, but will you answer a burning question on the tip of my tongue? I must ask…you have done so much in service to Jungle Tails. What is your reward? I know mine is to be a vaunted position as a [General]…but what will you receive?”
For what reason would Peclir work for so many years and make an enemy of Three-Color Stalker and the Titan? It was a fair question, and because they were on the topic, Peclir felt compelled to answer.
“Look at me, Fezimet. What do you see?”
The Quexal stared at Peclir. Peclir, the plain, slightly balding man who wasn’t heavy or lightset. Fairly nondescript. A competent middle-manager who turned out to be one of the best middle-managers…but hardly more than that.
“A loyal servant to Jungle Tails?”
He hazarded a guess. Peclir gave him a flat smile.
“I want to be taller, Fezimet. I would like to be as fit as a Named Adventurer.”
Or that Courier, Luan. The Quexal frowned.
“You could…train yourself. There are Drathian tonics. And some classes—”
“No, Fezimet. I don’t want to work for that. Or try to gain a rare Skill in a class. I want to be taller. I want…a different face. In fact, I want to be a Gorgon. Or a Minotaur.”
The Quexal wavered as Peclir felt at his body. Peclir had grown up around Lizardfolk and seen them dreaming, expecting to change if they were deserving enough. The [Chamberlain] looked into his reflection in the mirror.
“I want to be what I want, whenever. Whom or whatever I want. I don’t want to work for that. I will be rich for my service to Jungle Tails. But you know the richest man in the world? Or close enough?”
“Emir Yazdil?”
Peclir nodded. He smirked bitterly.
“He can afford to change forms now and then. He might be a Naga. He might be a man. He can shape-change sparingly because it is so costly. So out of reach. I want everything I can dream of. I want to fly, have all the magic of old. And they have it.”
Paeth on the Coast. Peclir Im looked sightlessly at that city filled with power. If there was one thing he and Niers truly agreed on, it was this:
If you wanted it, take it. That was the law of Baleros.
