8.76 B
Page 35
“The…depth discovery? No. Containment.”
Contained space, for deep-sea exploration. Or perhaps even building something in the deep, thousands of feet down. Gindal nodded.
“We helped come up with that. There’s a creature—well, it’s contained almost perfectly. To survive an area where even the air is so toxic that it’ll seep into your skin and kill you. We sent it to Gais, and they figured out how it worked.”
That was the kind of Fraerling who pushed the limits. Ekrn, despite himself, admired the tough [Explorer]. But the Fraerling just waved it off.
“The one thing we don’t stint on is magic from the cities. I have to confess—I stole your crossbow for a gift. A trophy for something you can replace. I need these bolts. There are things in the Dyed Lands that I would use that ring you’re wearing to distract them. The brave ones are the Tallfolk. They go in there with enchanted rocks and live.”
That prompted Ekrn’s memory. He leaned forwards.
“I…happen to know a story about a Tallfolk who was an [Explorer]. Lived by himself for months.”
He didn’t mention Luan; the other Fraerlings would flip if they heard a Human had found Paeth. Although Earth…the Architects would get to spread that message, later. Gindal frowned.
“Which zone?”
“I don’t know. Only that he passed away.”
“Oh. I think I know what you’re talking about. Chalk-white? That’s one of the zones. We noticed him. Interesting Human. Was it a Human?”
“Yes.”
The Fraerlings kept track of most Tallfolk in the Dyed Lands. Gindal had seen this Human, if briefly.
“Something got him. He was sharp. A real [Explorer]. Then one day in the winter—something rattled him. He got sloppy. I’d say unlucky, even.”
Ekrn felt his skin prickling. Luan had not said much of…why…he had been swimming for weeks to shore after being marooned, but he had mentioned something at sea.
“Unlucky? What, are there luck-monsters out there?”
Gindal hesitated.
“There’s all kinds of nastiness. To tell the truth, Sentry Leader, the Tallfolk sniffing around our home seem as nervous of the Dyed Lands as we are of them. But they’re close to one of the cities, so they begged us to come and plead their case. And if there is an attack—well, it’s only two dozen adventurers, but kill them and more come.”
Ekrn froze, lips touching a huge tankard of the Titan’s own drinks, plundered from his cupboards.
“Wait. Two dozen? I thought there was an army!”
The [Explorer] shook his head.
“I never said that. An army might follow—that’s Reiryul and Seelda who are under siege. We heard them shouting that, and the cities got worried. So they sent us. By the sounds of it, Paeth is in danger.”
The two were sitting in a glass sitting room in the Fraer-ways, actually exposed to the Tallfolk’s domain. It let the Fraerlings who were in Niers’ academy mingle and talk…and it was about then that Ekrn realized they were being watched.
So did Gindal. The two Fraerlings turned their heads and slowly glared upwards.
After a second, a very upset Squirrel Beastkin appeared. She glowered down at them, a rare look of dissatisfaction on Foliana’s face. It had been less than five seconds since she stalked over, and they saw her.
Foliana, who had crept up on Named Adventurers and leaders of nations. Discovered in moments. Why?
Well, firstly, Fraerlings were higher-level than average. They had magical counters on par with one of the Great Companies of Baleros, and Gindal and Ekrn were veterans of fighting giant folk.
…But mostly, Foliana was just too big. She did her best and pouted as she stopped on the rich carpet.
