8.76 B
Page 26
“No way. You can do that?”
“It beats riding. See you th—”
Cotm vanished as the teleport spell yanked him. Marian’s jaw fell open in a very pleasing way.
 
——
 
Teleportation didn’t make Cotm sick, which was why it was so upsetting that everything else did. Yes, the feeling of warping through dimensions for a few seconds had been known to make even veteran Tallguard vomit, but Cotm didn’t mind it.
It was not common that Tallguard requested it, and it was a huge waste of mana. Desperate times, though. Besides—
Feiland was being abandoned.
Cotm reappeared in headquarters, and five Tallguard were waiting for him. One, the [Mage] who had scried his position and pulled him in via the handy marker stones that let them calculate exact coordinates, was already loading up the marker stone he’d put in Talenqual.
“You’re working for Tallfolk now? Report. Ekrn’s upset.”
“They’re part of Forgotten Wing. They already destroyed seven scouting parties. I, Scout Cotm, made the decision to engage their services on my own volition. Can I request resources or is this going to the top?”
The Tallguard Fraerlings nodded at Cotm and led him through Feiland. It was not in Paeth; they had a headquarters that spanned multiple settlements. However…it was being abandoned.
Recruits were packing everything in sight, and they were actually in the process of transferring their gear. One of the other [Sentry Leaders] grunted.
“The top is Ekrn or me. Everyone else died at Oierdressql. The evacuation order has gone through to every settlement outside of Paeth. We’re running escort missions nonstop and evacuating to Paeth as well. You’re not going to have another teleport aside from Paeth…and it’s under lockdown for any outgoing magic.”
“How’s the Allotment? How close are they getting?”
“We’re hiding our signature. As for the Tallfolk…they’re combing the forest. Nowhere near Paeth yet, and our [Druids] are riling up the wildlife. Carefully. What do you need?”
Tallguard had a lot of autonomy. A [Sentry Leader] was not a low-level position. Nor was even a basic Tallguard. They were few in number, but each was issued a Signim, hugely expensive to manufacture even for Fraerlings, and any one of them could pull rank.
“I need some gear—Tallfolk sized. Bribes. Can I get it from Paeth?”
The [Sentry Leader] chewed it over.
“Sure. We’ve got a chipmunk or you can wing over. Bluejay, I think.”
Cotm turned pale, and the other Tallguard laughed. His aversion to travel via animals was well-known.
“Give me wings if you can. And can we send something to Paeth?”
“Lodestone room. Send it in. The Architects will have to approve it…but they’ll approve it.”
Within ten minutes, Cotm had his order put into Paeth, and then he was strapping into the Bluejay flight. He wished he hadn’t eaten the cheese as the Fraerling [Sky Rider] looked at his passenger and groaned.
I have to teleport back to Talenqual. But that means I’m doing it from headquarters, so that’s two Bluejay rides, there and back.
The horrible bird took off, and Cotm flew into the air. Every Fraerling ducked as he turned white, then green.
 
——
 
Paeth on the Coast was flooded with refugees, and the normally-peaceful Fraerling city was in chaos.
No…it was often in chaos. Paeth had lots of problems. For instance! They had that horrible scandal where it was revealed that the manufacturers of aphid and other pet-related foodstuffs were instituting terrible, low-quality goods and even semi-rotted grain with a few purification spells mixed in!
