8.76 B
Page 34
“My city and Keshel are both in great need. I understand the rest of you have Tallfolk nearby—but we’re in danger. And the other settlements in our area!”
“What city is yours, exactly? I am Heish, Guidance.”
“Ah, the Architect of Paeth? Well, my city is Seelda Under Rains. First Founding, obviously.”
Yes, obviously. It only mattered because of The Last Box. Ekrn rolled his eyes as Heish played nice. This Fraerling had clearly seen better times…but thought her city was still the best.
The other five groups, even Reiryul, were in less danger and had varying degrees of equipment. One had a Tallguard escort, who nodded at Ekrn, recognizing his ring. The rest weren’t Tallguard, but the smaller villages had tough Fraerlings with gear that Gold-rank Tallfolk would have thought was fitting. Or the stupid stun-batons.
Both cities in danger had armed their escorts with simple steel and plain weapons. It must have been bad. Ekrn had a terrible suspicion that these escorts might not have been the first.
Sending Fraerlings out in hopes one made it to the Forgotten Wing Company. Disastrous. Ekrn couldn’t fault Reiryul or Seelda for demanding aid. In fact, after the first meet-and-greet, Heish revealed something astonishing.
“Reiryul actually told Perorn where they were. They’re that desperate. I suppose if their enemies know where they are…”
Ekrn shook his head.
“That’s madness. Desperate madness…and Seelda?”
He’d seen their snooty representative pulling Heish aside. The Guidance shook her head, looking pained.
“She…asked if they could send children to our city. I told her I couldn’t guarantee safe travel. It would have to be air—or a mass teleportation, but even if they had the mana for that—it would reveal us.”
Ekrn gnawed on his lip. He checked his crossbow.
“…Do they have any experts? If they pushed out during a lull, if they’re not encircled, we could—could call that damn Rower! If they get to sea?”
Heish looked up. Ekrn was counting, trying to figure out how many Tallguard he could conceivably send. How would Luan transport them? A raft? If they created a giant container or sent their emergency vessel…
 
——
 
Reiryul and Seelda’s plight was not lost on the other Fraerlings. That evening, one of them asked to meet with Ekrn.
“[Explorer] Gindal. Torteth of Colors. Not that it’s anything to brag about. Dyed Lands.”
“No.”
Ekrn politely looked at the Fraerling, who wore a kind of strange hide armor even he couldn’t place. For answer, the Fraerling man offered him a dagger.
“There’s still poison on the damn thing, even though the tooth of the snake-thing I took it from is now eight years old. A gift.”
“I…thank you. I can’t offer…”
Flustered, Ekrn checked his gear, and Gindal glanced at his belt.
“I’ll take your crossbow if you have a spare. Are those enchanted bolts?”
“Vortex.”
“Vortex. You First Founding types are impressive. Although when I saw poor Seelda, I thought it didn’t matter. Trade?”
It wasn’t equal, but Ekrn traded at once. The tooth came from a beast that even an Adventurer’s Guild couldn’t name. And this Fraerling…lived on the edge.
“Why in the name of Gnomes would you settle on the edges of the Dyed Lands?”
Ekrn demanded—politely—when they sat down for a drink. Gindal just laughed at him.
“The Titan isn’t the only one who craves adventure. The Tallguard told us we were mad to do it.”
“They were right. I wouldn’t patrol that area even if you were in my radius.”
“And we don’t ask them to. We’re on the cutting edge. Some of what we find has helped with the Plan. You know the discovery by Gais on the Rocks? Fifteen years back?”
