8.76 B
Page 3
Foliana hesitated, then narrowed her eyes. She dipped her paw into the silkap bowl and flicked some at Perorn. The Centaur swore at her, and Foliana went on.
“I know traps. I see traps. This is a big trap. Laid long in advance. Peclir…mm. He always seemed very loyal. Too loyal. Too good. But he never slipped. I should have fired him.”
She frowned.
“But I did not. This is a trap, and it is still springing. Niers is alive. We have a chance. But you want to get us out of the trap. I don’t. You know why? Because I know traps. Even Level 5 [Thugs] know that to defuse a trap…you set it off.”
“And you die if you’re standing in it. You want to take that blow? We don’t have to. We evacuate the capital. We push towards another base, consolidate, and bleed, but wait for Niers to get here, maybe leading a Gnoll-Goblin army and with an Antinium alliance. I don’t know. Stranger things have h…no, that would be new.”
The Squirrel-woman scoffed.
“No. No. See? This is why I’m in charge. Not you. You know something? After four years…Peclir never understood me. He was always uneasy, and that was genuine. He knows you. He knows Niers. You two are strategists. You’re acting like one.”
The Centauress raised an eyebrow.
“By prioritizing valuable assets? By being logical?”
“Exactly. We can do it your way. Or we can do this.”
So saying, Foliana slowly curled up, squirmed around on the stool in an amazing display of dexterity and gymnastics, and then sat on her head. She balanced on it as her tail drooped over and Perorn stared at her.
“Unexpected.”
“I can see our enemies trembling already.”
However, Perorn was seeing what Foliana was getting at. It was certainly unexpected, but was that smart? In chess, moving a queen into a sacrificial play for a single pawn was unexpected…and also just plain stupid. Yet Foliana was confident.
“Let them come. They’re coming here, you said. I have made preparations. Niers has.”
“Even with that…it’ll be an army, Foliana. I can’t guarantee we’ll survive it.”
Three-Color Stalker never blinked even as she balanced on her head.
“I know. Make a bigger target. Push our limits. This is a gamble. Niers does not gamble. He is unpredictable. But I am unexpected. I gamble. And because I do, it’s a better bet than your way.”
It could all be true. Perorn gave up. She felt better now that they were committed, so she sighed and nodded.
“Then it’s a gamble with the fate of a Great Company on the line. Supreme Muffin Commander Foliana, it will be done. I’ll make the orders—just one more thing?”
Foliana frowned at Perorn. Then she hopped—rotated in the air—and landed in her familiar perching position.
“Hmm?”
“Most of the incursions aren’t bad, and we’re essentially countering them with a force so they won’t come to blood—at least not with third parties. Jungle Tails will want a fight, but they’ll think about where they want to bleed. But there’s a big problem. Them. We’re honor-bound to it, but the Fraerlings will be an issue.”
This time, Three-Color Stalker nodded.
“Yep.”
Perorn had no markers, no lists, and the locations were too important to even put on the war table. But she nodded up to a little door set in the wall with a ramp that led downwards. Tiny passages for tiny folk.
“I have eight representatives of eight major Fraerling settlements all demanding our aid. Not all are directly affiliated with us via contract…but all eight claim they are in danger of falling.”
