8.76 B
Page 28
“Truegold? This Tallguard wants Truegold, Adamantium, or…does he think we’re made of rare metals?”
Adamantium was rare! So rare that the Crelerbane forces were using armor thousands of years old, forged in desperation during the Creler Wars. And he wanted how much?
Even if Tallguard knew the outside world, they could be idiots about metal. The senior smiths running the manufacturing smithy spent a good ten minutes cursing Cotm’s name—then they got to work.
The thing was, Cotm wasn’t stupid. He was actually intelligent enough to know that Kissilt was trying to rip him off, and so he was willing to play the Drake’s game. But just not give him a Ring of [Greater Invisibility], thanks.
Two [Enchanters], including Enchanter Ilekrome himself, came to enchant the rings as they cooled in the molds. Ilekrome nodded.
“We need to make this Tallfolk grade? That’s a lot of magic…but fine. Reusable. Resizable? Basic protection on each ring. What enchantments on each?”
Someone offered him the wishlist Cotm had sent. By now, Cotm was landing at one of Paeth’s entry points and navigating through the city’s outer security. Ilekrome sighed.
“Link eight and draw from our mana reserves. First enchantment…[Fireball]. No. Wait! Ah…[Invisible Fireball]. One cast per day. Second ring? [Deepwood Barkskin]. What do we put on the bowstring?”
“Strengthening and long-range shots, Enchanter. It’ll be done.”
“The armor plate thing? What…is that?”
It was like a giant shield—no, more like a kind of stylized heart. But it wasn’t a shield; no one was cutting holes in it. It was slightly curved and was made of gleaming orichalum cut with mithril. The [Master Smith] sighed as he rubbed at his face.
“Protection, Enchanter. Can you do it within the hour?”
Ilekrome made a face.
“It’s just Tier 5 advanced magic at most. Enchanting it for permanency is a pain, and making it Tallfolk grade would kill our Allotment any other day. But we’ll get it done.”
The [Master Smith] nodded and went back to supervising the shield-thing. One of his apprentices ran over, excitedly waving something as the Fraerlings worked.
“Master! Master! I did it!”
The [Smith] turned and saw an odd tube-thing at the end. It looked…useless. Maybe you could use it as the casing for some kind of weapon, but it was plain steel. Oh, and there was another perfect cylinder that you inserted into it via a metal prong.
“Apprentice…”
The warning rumble in the Fraerling’s voice didn’t stop the excited young Fraerling. She showed it to him.
“Sir! I figured it out! This is that cylinder-thing the Human Tallfolk was talking about! See? You’d attach this to a few fulcrums which you could get to constantly pump. I’m not sure about the combustion, but we were thinking—”
The piston-cylinder in her hands disappeared as the [Smith] snatched it. In front of the staff, he bent the steel prototype and then shouted.
“Stop wasting time on your stupid projects!”
The apprentice wilted. The [Master Smith] roared around.
“Paeth is in danger! You can fiddle with steel all you want later—shove it up your butts if you want! When Paeth is safe, you can have fun. Until then, I want every hand working on weapons or armor! Get moving!”
Ilekrome looked up as the [Smith] hurled the piston to one side. It was the kind of thing that would seriously put his job in jeopardy as the apprentice ran off, shocked. You didn’t say that kind of thing in Paeth. But then—the [Master Smith] was Feiland’s. The Tallguard were coming here to make a stand.
And the other settlements were evacuating.
 
——
 
