8.76 B
Page 2
Perorn ran a hand through her hair and changed tack.
“I…Foliana. We know who the enemy is. These attacks? The ones who went after Fraerling villages, the companies who have suddenly gone quiet or begun moving in our direction? The Silscale Company? Featherfolk Brigade? Tailtail Army? They hid it at first. but we figured it out; they can’t keep it secret. and they don’t have to any longer. It’s been Lizardfolk. Not uncommon in any army, but the Fraerlings reported Naga of all types joining in the attacks. Medusae, Lamia, Gorgons, Quexals, Indishei, and more. It’s Lizardfolk. It’s…the Jungle Tails Company.”
Foliana said nothing. She just nibbled on some silkap. Gnollish delicacies. Did that mean she was trying to figure out what was happening in Izril? Or did someone enjoy silkap here? Or…did she just like the food?
Perorn waited for a response as Foliana nibbled. Jungle Tails. Niers had famously overturned them—Foliana too, but Niers had essentially pushed them so hard they lost their status as a Great Company. They wanted it back, clearly, and this was a long-laid plan.
And a worthy foe. Few groups could challenge a Great Company—even nations would think twice. But a former Great Company who’d removed the Titan, waited for their chance to strike?
When Foliana did speak, it was classic Foliana. She glanced up and shook her head.
“If we die, mm. I will never live down the embarrassment of losing to them. Let’s join Iron Vanguard first. No, Howling Maelstrom. We all cede ownership. Mm. Good plan.”
Perorn rubbed at her forehead.
“Foliana, I’m being serious.”
“So am I. I will write a letter. We’ll put it somewhere in here. If Niers and I both die…wait, you’re dead too. We’ll have someone post it before a full surrender. Just so no one writes we lost to them.”
That was the…pettiest thing, but for some reason, Perorn smiled. She liked it. Even so—Foliana brought up what Perorn had been afraid to so casually.
This could be it. It could really be it. It felt unreal. But Niers had nearly died in an assassination attempt—he was a continent away.
And they were coming.
“We are playing into their trap, Foliana. Tell me you have a plan. Tell me you have a plan…and I’ll keep taking from our forces here.”
That was all the Centaur said. For answer, Foliana put down the bowl of silkap and looked at Perorn.
She had been perched on a stool in the war room, like any squirrel, big or small, in existence, nibbling as Perorn zoomed in on different parts of their magical map. This was a private conference, and so no officers sat in the chairs or stood around, or were fiddling with other maps, strategy boards, or furiously arguing. It felt empty. The academy was not holding classes, and many students had left…on their teachers’ advice. Their safety could not be guaranteed.
It was tense. And yet—Foliana just sat down fully and tangled her furry feet on the stool. She looked calm. Incredibly calm. Niers swore, got mad, and paced, turning into a flurry of movement—albeit tiny movement—when the worst came to the worst.
Foliana? She never seemed upset. Perhaps, Perorn realized, because she lived in stress. She was a [Rogue]. Part of her job description was deactivating traps that would literally blow parts of your face off if you made a mistake. Perhaps that was why she was the commander, not just Niers’ aversion to the highest posting.
“Perorn. Do you know how to defuse a trap?”
“Specifically, or is this an analogy?”
