8.76 B
Page 37
“Even if you [Muffle] yourself, I sense your vibrations. Mm.”
The Squirrel-woman rose and slapped the table so fast her body was a blur. Even so—she missed. Her eyes swung around the room, trying to track a tiny figure bounding about.
[Haste] and [Greater Invisibility]. Foliana cursed. She leapt for the Fraer-ways, to block them. Her eyes scanned the room and saw the ring of light on the far end.
Fraerling magic. They can telep—
Foliana’s dagger hit the place where the invisible figure had been, lodged in the wood, and then exploded. The bang of sound put the entire academy onto immediate alert. Perorn came running, half-naked, a sword in her hand, to find Foliana staring at the dagger.
“Foliana! If this is some kind of prank—”
The Squirrel Beastkin was perched on Niers’ desk. Perorn stopped and saw Foliana sorting through some papers that had been taken out. The Squirrel Woman looked up calmly as Perorn halted.
“We have a traitor in our midst. Again.”
 
——
 
Traitors amidst the small. The very possibility of it made Ekrn sick to his stomach because it explained so much.
If true.
They only had Foliana’s word for it, but it said a lot that the Fraerling guests were now not so welcome to leave. Perorn had politely requested they stay until this was all sorted out.
How well the Centaur or Foliana could act on that request was…questionable. Ekrn had told Heish he could get them out. They were far too far for a long-range teleport from Feiland if headquarters were active, or probably even Paeth, but Elvallian was still a Tallfolk settlement. The Fraer-ways were convenient access to all of the academy, and they were optional.
Not to say that there weren’t Fraerlings on the staff of the Forgotten Wing Company. It was just that, by and large, they were young.
“You’re not being prohibited from leaving your quarters, Tallguard. But access to the aviary is prohibited for now.”
A Fraerling guard informed Ekrn very politely. The Tallguard [Sentry Leader] looked up at the young man, who might be in his twenties at best.
The Titan’s recruiting children. More like the ones who wanted to see the big world, but weren’t able to do it alone. So—Tallguard new recruits or city or village-folk.
Ironically, the Titan would never find Fraerlings to match his stature if he recruited them from settlements or even Tallguard. The real crazy ones were like…Gindal.
Gindal, who lived in the Dyed Lands with other Fraerlings, a thing considered suicide by Tallfolk. Was he really from there? Vuul from his city?
Suspicion was a terrible thing. Once it infected you…Ekrn was worried.
And it was here Guidance Heish, most proactive, most sensible of Paeth’s Architects, let Ekrn down.
“It might have just been someone wanting to see the Titan’s quarters, Ekrn. He is our hero. Besides—can you really say you weren’t tempted to check on his files for any information? I was.”
Ekrn turned on Heish.
“I understand that, Guidance. But I’m thinking of what that Squirrel said. [Greater Invisibility] ring—that’s not casual equipment we have lying around. If it were someone just looking, they’d be far less prepared. They went there deliberately.”
Heish fiddled with her luggage. She hadn’t brought much, but she had brought a few record-crystals, so she could chart her experience. She was going back through them now, but Ekrn wasn’t in the mood to play detective.
Perorn was asking some questions of the representatives, and Foliana had vanished. The problem was…the Tallfolk weren’t going to find answers.
