8.76 B
Page 20
“I’ll talk to Ken and whoever’s in charge with Geneva Scala gone. The least we can do is escort them to another city. Strike the camps. We’ll leave just enough forces to satisfy our current garrison contract. Quexa, tell the Featherfolk Brigade we’re entering their territory and planning on escorting the United Nations company.”
Now that his company was so large, even entering another company’s territory could spook them. Quallet did not want to make an enemy of Fezimet, but he knew he had to answer Ken’s request. He’d lose Bastiom and Ekeroof if he refused.
However, he had no intention of coming to blows with the Featherfolk Brigade over a damned lodging issue. Quallet was braced for an unhappy Quexal’s response as Bastiom marched down the road, leading Gravetender’s Fist to Talenqual.
What he was not prepared for was a cordial response from the Quexal inviting him to Talenqual at all haste. And a personal contract on a search-and-destroy objective in the nearby forest. What, exactly, the Quexal left unclear, but he was offering a joint contract to Quallet.
That was when the [Mercenary Commander]’s senses began telling him that he was about to enter another hairy situation.
 
——
 
Umina Caxical’s head hurt. Mostly because someone had just hit her.
“Umina!”
The shouting in the night and figures fighting in the dark jungle, crashing through bushes that sometimes unleashed their wrath upon anyone stupid enough to touch them, was chaos. Umina’s head rang, but the enchanted helmet saved her once.
Tallguard Cotm raised a crossbow and shot the Naga through the hissing mouth before it could run Umina through with the sword it held.
A tiny bolt…which promptly exploded and blew the entire top of the Naga’s head off. Umina recoiled, staring up at a Naga, one of her people’s leaders, as the corpse fell, headless. Oh Nagas…
Marian galloped forwards, loosing an arrow through another Lizardwoman’s chest as Cotm reloaded, aiming around.
“Retreat! Retreat! Ambush—”
That came from the enemy side. The Featherfolk Brigade were trying to flee, and this scout-group was running in every direction. Unfortunately, sometimes they ran into enemies.
Lizardfolk were fighting Lizardfolk, and the confused Featherfolk Brigade had at first assumed the friendly group was one of their own [Scout]-parties. Right up until a Centaur had galloped out of the trees and put an enchanted arrow into the Lamia leading them.
Unfortunately, things hadn’t been so textbook after that. The ambush had gone south when two Nagas charged, and Umina nearly died. The Lizardgirl aimed her wand around, still reeling, as Cotm spoke.
“Both Nagas down. I’ve got eight unfriendlies left. You see them?”
“[Friend-And-Foe Vision]. Yes.”
Umina felt sick. She bent over to throw up as the Lizardfolk mercenaries attacked the confused scouts. The Featherfolk Brigade just saw fellow Lizardfolk—their armor was a bit different, but they hesitated.
Umina’s hired mercenaries from her home city of Nassiquel didn’t hesitate. Mainly because they could see the enemy. Umina’s Skill applied to her entire unit—perfect for confused melees like that.
“Did any of them get a [Message] spell off?”
Marian was panting. She trotted around, and another Centaur emerged from the brush. Umina jumped, but Cotm was already inside her belt pouch again.
“Strategist Marian. We’ve cleared the last of the enemy. Positioning?”
“Fallback Point 1. Umina, get on my back. Let’s go. [Quiet Hooves]!”
