8.76 B
Page 12
He was in a league of his own, but what Luan couldn’t do, what even Geneva couldn’t do when she was here…was be Daly and Siri. Occupy the role that was the Bushrangers and, to a greater extent, security for the United Nations company.
United Nations. How had they come here? Daly still remembered the days when he had appeared in Baleros, not knowing what the hell was going on, with an entire crowd from an airport. He remembered some of them splitting off, the poor Americans…
If he’d known what he did now, he would have told them to stay. Stay—taken charge, knocked heads together, and saved them. Instead, they’d died and leveled and later formed this company after the harrowing battles as a suppression company where they’d met Geneva Scala, the Last Light of Baleros.
When they had formed this company, the name had been unanimous. No one had really had any other ideas. What sounded of Earth but didn’t sound too foreign? What linked them? United Nations, a concept, an organization from Earth.
Of course, there was a lot of irony there too. The United Nations, as Daly well knew…was not exactly the gold standard of international communication and teamwork in most countries’ eyes. Ken hadn’t known as much about it, but Daly could list grievances, and he didn’t even keep up on it.
Bias, a small group of nations who made all the real decisions, power-games, and an inability to actually hold other nations to account. It also did good work and had some organizations that did real good like the World Health Organization and so on.
However…Daly was being haunted by the name they’d chosen on the spot. Not because Australia was about to dictate how everything would go to the mixed nationalities or they were about to disband. Mainly because the advent of the Fraerlings, as wondrous as they were, was making him very, very nervous.
“Did you see how he enchanted Paige’s strings for the crossbows right off? Mithril-grade toughness. Fraerlings can do that. Just—an average Alchimagus bloke.”
Siri nodded as Daly closed the door to Paige’s workroom, the only other place he was sure was free of any eavesdropping. He inhaled a burnt scent, metal, sulfur, wood, and varnish from the crossbows Paige made. This was one of the largest rooms in the basement, behind a metal door, and everything was laid out, secured, and widely spaced.
So there was little chance of anything falling or breaking. Even so, Daly and Siri didn’t touch anything, especially not the secured jars of dark powder.
Daly stared at the blackpowder now. He kept going.
“They can make mithril enchantments. Luan said they have Adamantium gear? That’s Named-adventurer level. And did you see that Noa girl?”
She’d walked up a wine bottle to stab it with her sword and lever the cork out. Magical boots. Daly would kill for the Bushrangers to have boots like that. In fact, Noa had demonstrated how she could zip around with her grappling hooks, and one look at Luan’s crossbow and Daly had realized the Fraerling Tallguard were a complete version of the Bushrangers.
They had the gear, training, and levels his Silver-rank team didn’t. Siri nodded. She sat down on a chair in front of a half-finished crossbow design with wooden pulleys and looked at Daly.
“…And despite all that, they fear someone’s coming after them. Someone is trying to destroy their city. Someone nearby…with an axe to grind against the Forgotten Wing Company. A powerful force. Maybe a company?”
