8.76 B
Page 32
Ekrn had heard of Cotm’s plan and, after blowing his lid, had admitted that Cotm had done the right thing. Credit to the Tallguard. He was far less impressed with the response of Niers’ company.
“Why not an army? You know the Featherfolk Brigade is behind it—deal with them!”
“Sentry Leader, hear Strategist Perorn out.”
Guidance Heish was the other person present in this personal meeting regarding Paeth. The other Fraerlings were talking with Perorn, but privately. They were all Fraerlings, but the locations—even in vague—of their cities were private.
Which was funny, because they probably knew where each other’s cities were more than Perorn or even that Foliana-person. But they had to hide it from the Tallfolk.
Perorn trotted over to the map of Talenqual. It was Heish who had identified the problem, and Perorn repeated it to Ekrn.
“We cannot attack a neutral company like the Featherfolk Brigade out of nowhere, Sentry Leader. Even if I were inclined to spare the forces necessary to eliminate them on their home ground—what do you think would happen if the Forgotten Wing did that at random?”
“You could call them allies of Jungle Tails.”
“Yes…but why would we attack them? To save a certain Fraerling city? The cure would become as bad as the issue, unless you disagree?”
Ekrn growled, but that made sense. Perorn shook her head and rubbed at one hoof with another. She had a scar running down that leg, a pale patch of fur over chestnut.
“I will send our forces at once, Sentry Leader, but unless Paeth is in imminent danger…it might be best just to hide. You are a Fraerling city. You can evade most regular detection, can’t you?”
“Yes.”
It was true that Paeth had a lot of functions, but Ekrn didn’t like it. Perorn gave him a tired bow.
“I am sorry, Sentry Leader, Guidance. But all seven representatives have also requested forces, and some are not only nearby, but claim they are facing huge armies practically upon them as well.”
Just like Paeth. This was a disaster on a scale that Ekrn couldn’t imagine. To his knowledge, Fraerlings only had Baleros. They might be…elsewhere, but if they were, they were so far that even Paeth had no records of them.
If all those here were wiped out, almost every major Fraerling settlement, and most of the minor ones in…the middle two thirds of Baleros, would be dead. Dead or homeless, which was almost as dire.
Paeth was a First Founding descendant. That meant…
Well, Ekrn clamped his mouth shut. He couldn’t demand more aid because of that. It wasn’t fair; all Fraerling cities were equal. But it did matter.
Perorn gave him a tired nod.
“You can stay here as long as you wish—although I must warn you, our headquarters may come under attack, Guidance, Sentry Leader. I will update you on our forces’ progress. They will be enroute by nightfall.”
“Thank you, Strategist.”
Heish answered for Ekrn, and the Centaur nodded. The two Fraerlings returned to the Fraer-ways, and Ekrn kicked a wall.
“A damn waste of time. We should have just tried to make contact with a more distant city.”
“I think we must talk to the others. Seven more cities…we have to know what is going on.”
Ekrn agreed with that. So, rather than leave as soon as they got Perorn’s few forces and an offer to send more if Paeth was in immediate danger—Ekrn and Heish met the other Fraerlings.
 
——
 
Other Fraerlings. They were not all cityfolk, but most were. Five out of eight represented cities like Paeth, if not as sprawling, and three came from smaller collectives.
Of them all, Guidance Heish was the most senior and surprised all the Fraerlings who met her.
