8.76 B
Page 15
The irony was not lost on Quallet. But as the United Nations company eventually found Talenqual, he hung in the area, rebuilding Gravetender’s Fist.
It was at that time Paige and Daly would provide his forces with crossbows and Geneva gave him medical advice and checkups. Quallet hung around Talenqual, although he was careful to cosy up to Fezimet and the Featherfolk Brigade. His company was small Lizards compared to Gorgon-class companies like theirs.
They didn’t really care at first, and Quallet was busy recruiting, turning Gravetender’s Fist into a full mercenary company, and finding work. He’d decided he was out of suppression company work; he’d nearly been killed, and he might as well have a proper army.
Besides. He had higher-level survivors to build a good force around, and Paige made a lot of crossbows. A lot.
Cheap, wooden ones at first. Then weird, experimental, torsion-style crossbows that looked ungainly—and were—then iron, steel, even changing the design. She did it cheap, and Quallet essentially only had to pay for parts and labor. It benefited Paige, who was designing them for her Bushranger friends. Quallet? Quallet got a lot of crossbows of varying design, and all he had to do was feed her gold.
He did, for a few reasons. Firstly, he thought the mysterious Humans were good to have as allies. Geneva alone made up for it by identifying illness and treating patients at low cost or doing what [Healers] couldn’t. During Yellow Rivers, his company was spared of that plague because of her stringent measures.
Second? Crossbows. Quallet began revolving his entire company around that one tactic.
Crossbows. Other tactics too, but when you got down to it…mostly crossbows. Bolts were cheap, reusable, and even if some bows were crap, hand every single [Soldier] a crossbow and you had a lot of free archers. And what couldn’t they solve?
Charging [Knight]? No problem. Crossbows lanced armor.
Ranged [Archers]? You had more crossbows, and even an idiot could point and click.
Spellcasting [Mages] with barrier spells? More crossbows.
[Innkeepers]? Well, Quallet didn’t have a problem with any specifically, but crossbows were exceptionally effective there too.
…No, but there were a lot of enemies that didn’t acknowledge crossbows as a valid tactic. Entire Skills could nullify a ranged advantage, so Quallet learned.
Metoish One-Eye. Now there was a nasty battle. After the first month of reorganization and proving Gravetender’s Fist was excellent on guard-duty thanks to their ranged capabilities, Quallet took on a very lucrative contract to push the One-Eyed Bastards—a company named after their leader, a Medusa.
They were raiding a collective of settlements over a fifty mile radius, and it spoke to Baleros that they were still able to be called a company and find work when they got bored of pillaging. Quallet was given a handsome offer in tens of thousands of gold pieces.
…If he beat Metoish. Failing that, he’d be paid for every confirmed kill and the effort. Quallet had to try it. It was a sizable war chest. Unfortunately, he ran into the first enemy that crossbows didn’t instantly solve.
In the first battle, he was reminded why the various types of Naga on Baleros were so well-respected at high-levels. Metoish was his level or higher.
True, the Medusa had lost one of her eyes and some of her snake-hair, and contrary to popular belief, they didn’t grow back in a blink of an eye. But even so, her gaze had turned bolts to stone, forcing Quallet to charge or retreat.
He retreated.
