8.76 B
Page 6
Heish consulted something on her wrist. They didn’t dare risk [Message] or any other spells. Keeping Paeth secret was essential, but Fraerlings had ways that couldn’t be traced, even among their own kind.
“I have had no word. Which is good news. I will only be updated if a crisis emerges. So back to your point, Ekrn. The enemy, Jungle Tails, might have some idea from Peclir Im where our settlements are. But I doubt the Titan was careless, do you?”
“…No.”
He might have been the Fraerling who interacted with Tallfolk, but Ekrn had met Niers. Once. Well, a few times, but once personally. A Fraerling who had served in the Tallguard and grown up in a big city wouldn’t ever forget the most important rules.
“So how did all eight get attacked, then?”
Guidance Heish shrugged.
“I suggest we socialize. Mingle. It’s not often we get to talk to other cities, and some are ones I’ve never heard of—or heard of only in that they exist. Would you be willing to join me?”
Ekrn hesitated. Then he nodded.
“Of course. We have to share intelligence, and we’re all of the same height. Lead on, Guidance.”
Then he was grateful for her help. Especially as the Fraerlings of Paeth soon found that they would be staying longer than they wanted. Aid was not immediately forthcoming from the Forgotten Wing company for a few reasons. Mostly because the Jungle Tails began to move in the open soon enough. And…other reasons.
 
——
 
While Ekrn and Foliana remained at Elvallian, facing what could be said was the pivotal moment in Balerosian politics, a Meeting of Tribes was going on and the Ailendamus-Dawn Concordat war. All three events were concurrent, but it was notable that Baleros got lowest-billing news wise.
It wasn’t a visible war, and battles were so common on Baleros that few cared. The Titan was on Izril anyways! Plus, there were no cameras where all the action was really happening.
Mainly because no Fraerlings studied at Wistram. Another pity because, if they had, the Academy of Mages would be learning from them. It might have been small stuff—but when Fraerlings got up to anything, it tended to leave an impact.
For instance, magic. Fraerlings had magic. Most species had magic.
Fraerlings had better magic than you. Not just ‘Selphids’ or ‘Drakes’. They had better magic than you, your aunt, your Gold-rank friend, and anyone else you knew. Including most Archmages. They rarely showed it since they rarely showed themselves or left their cities. And when they did, attracting attention was something they disliked.
Plus, the Titan of Baleros was a [Strategist] and had no magical ability. Fraerling magic was smaller; even their [Fireballs] were Fraerling-sized, so no one noticed. Perhaps Peclir had communicated to his superiors just how advanced Fraerlings were, among the other reasons why he had justified the attacks on the settlements. In any other time, Fraerlings would never share their knowledge.
But for Luan Khumalo, a man from another world, for a friend of Paeth, because this was a desperate hour, and because a single [Mage], Resk, had left his home on this mission of mercy, Fraerling magic was loose. And Fraerling-magic was…
“[Fortification of Mithril]. Whew. That takes it out of me. Pour me another cup of mana potion? I’m close to getting mana poisoning, but I can do two more today.”
Alchimagus Resk was not a pure [Enchanter]. He just happened to know the spells. So a non-specialist in the field cast the Tier 5 spell on the crossbow strings, and Paige nearly died on the spot.
“Wh—but—mithril? How long does it—how long does it last?”
