8.76 B
Page 44
“So hurtful. I’m doing my best.”
She waddled off, vanished in a corner, and then left the room for good when the Fraerlings pointed out they could still see her.
[Invisibility] just wasn’t what it was cracked up to be. [Greater Invisibility], now…Ekrn frowned.
 
——
 
He found Gindal in the glassy atrium, frowning around.
“I could have sworn I saw…oh, it’s you. I thought it was that [Rogue] sneaking up again.”
He noticed Ekrn, and the Tallguard snorted.
“Not exactly the stealthiest, is she?”
“Tallfolk. I wager that [Invisibility] Skill is good enough for most of them. My eyes see invisibility by default.”
Gindal tapped his eyes, and Ekrn noticed for the first time that they were square pupils, set amidst cloud-grey irises.
“Huh. Is that your class?”
The [Explorer] smiled, but far more guardedly than last time they’d met. He was carrying Ekrn’s crossbow, the Fraerling noted.
“You’d be surprised how many monsters in the Dyed Lands are invisible or camouflaged. All that color…well, not surprised, actually. Hey, have you seen an unfinished corridor?”
“Back that way. Two floors down.”
“Huh. I could have sworn I saw it around here. Nevermind. I’ve been checking out the Fraer-ways that the Titan built. Quite nice. But as we know—unguarded. His staff are young. They wouldn’t notice someone with a real infiltrator artifact or Skills sneaking by. Seems like a flaw.”
The two Fraerlings faced each other, and Ekrn placed his hand on his belt. He had the poisoned fang-dagger he’d been given, and Gindal noticed it.
“True. But the Titan probably didn’t think he’d ever have to worry about his own kind.”
“The Titan making mistakes? Well…I guess we all know it can happen. Do you need something, Sentry Leader Ekrn?”
The Tallguard hesitated a moment, embarrassed.
“I…do. It’s unfortunate, but I’m going to have to ask for that crossbow back, Gindal. Given the situation. I’ve brought your dagger.”
The [Explorer] watched as Ekrn drew the knife and offered it to him.
“I’d rather like to keep the crossbow, actually. The Vortex bolts are genuine. I tested it; nasty. High-grade magic. You’re definitely from a First Founding city.”
“…Waste of a bolt. I only took twenty-four.”
Gindal shrugged.
“I had to know. And you know—that’s the kind of magic us frontier-Fraerlings don’t get. The kind that could make a [Greater Invisibility] ring.”
Ah. So that was why he was so suspicious. Ekrn folded his arms.
“Funny. I was about to say that an [Explorer] in the Dyed Lands was already hard to believe. But if I did believe it…it sounds like that kind of spell or ability would be really useful too.”
Gindal raised a finger.
“One point for me, one for you. But I know I’m not the one. So you’ll forgive me for being suspicious. Then again—you’re probably thinking the same thing unless you’re lying. So—impasse.”
Everyone was suspecting one another. Ekrn pointed at the crossbow.
“I’ll have that back.”
“No, I don’t think you will. And before you try and grab this one, just know that I passed out the Vortex bolts among my people. Just in case.”
Ekrn had never had reason to regret his generosity now, but his pale white hair was beginning to rise. He calmly muttered.
“Abeixis. That’s just too bad. Listen, I think we can sort this out. All we have to do is prove we’re innocent.”
Gindal had a hand on the crossbow.
“Surely. What did you have in mind?”
