8.76 B
Page 47
Three glanced off his leather armor. The third broke the enchantment or bypassed it. He stumbled backwards, bleeding onto the carpet.
Traitors amidst the small. But three were dead, and Seelda wouldn’t escape so easily. Gindal was running, and Ekrn retreated, trying to fight eight at once. His Shortsword of Vampirism was the only thing keeping him alive; he smashed a potion against his bare flesh, but they were pressing him backwards.
Ekrn stumbled down the hallway and felt sick. Signim? No. I can’t. Not here. He looked around and ran towards the dead end. The traitorous Fraerlings chased him, thinking they had him cornered.
They did. Ekrn backed into a padded wall, his footsteps heavy. Put your back to a wall and die well.
Tallguard tactics. Ekrn shouted as blood ran from the hole across his mouth, multiple stab wounds.
“Tallguard of Feiland! Come and get me!”
The traitors hesitated, looking at his shortsword, but Ekrn didn’t have his crossbow. He could have used it. One bolt past them and…
“Kill him! Hurry up or we’ll be caught!”
The Fraerling screamed, and they advanced. Ekrn saw five charge at him and knew he’d never dodge five blades. If only he were in the open with room to maneuver—
Take two down. Ekrn raised his blade—and something dripped onto his head. The floor moved, and the Fraerling almost stabbed the ground as the floor…carpet…tongue…moved.
Foliana closed her mouth on Ekrn and then grabbed two of the Fraerlings with her paw. The others saw Ekrn vanish, giant ivory teeth descend, and the amazing, piercing eyes of magic, the wide stare of Three-Color Stalker appear. Then her paws lashed out, striking into the Fraer-ways.
Half of Seelda’s Fraerlings died so fast that Ekrn didn’t even hear their cries. Not that he could see—Foliana spat him into her paws, and he saw they were bloody. Then he saw the bodies and the fleeing Fraerlings.
“Wh—how—?”
The Squirrel-Woman calmly produced a potion and dunked Ekrn in healing liquids. Then she peered into the hatch she’d opened in the Fraer-ways.
“Damn. Running.”
A screaming Fraerling and a few others were pounding down the hallways away from the Tallfolk. Foliana had killed half their number in her sneak attack. Ekrn saw their mangled bodies. She hadn’t stabbed them with daggers, and the two she’d grabbed hadn’t fallen victim to a Skill.
She’d just punched them and broken every bone they had.
Tallfolk.
Yet how had she snuck up on him? She…the greatest [Rogue] of the Forgotten Wing Company that they’d spotted so often…
So often that they thought it was easy. The [Rogue] answered that question for Ekrn.
“Mm. Fraerlings are so arrogant. Deceive your allies first.”
Ekrn scrambled up as she put him back in the Fraer-ways.
“It’s Seelda. They’re traitors. We have to catch them!”
Foliana nodded instantly.
“Trickery. Can you subdue them with help? Mm. Or do we need to do it for you?”
Ekrn didn’t need to think.
“Get me to my Tallguard safely and we can. They’re not armed well. They’re not from Paeth or a real city—but they’ll hide, and we might lose them before they leave the academy!”
Fraerlings were impossible to catch, even by their own kind. The world was too huge! Yet the Squirrel Beastkin shook her head.
“Nope.”
She raised something to her mouth and spoke into it crisply. A speaking stone.
“Lock down the Fraer-ways. Emergency code: Titanfall. Or something.”
It took twenty seconds, but then someone began blaring an alarm, and Ekrn saw the hatch Foliana had opened snap closed. He saw a magical warding rune appear…locking him in.
