8.76 B
Page 48
From the outside. Suddenly, he found himself in a sealed environment and looked around.
No windows out. Doors sealed…he looked at Foliana, and she shrugged.
“Niers made sure he could defeat his own kind. Let me find a map. We can turn off the air except for where we want. And close entire corridors manually. Box them in.”
The Titan had thought of everything. Ekrn glanced uneasily at the hatch and then down the corridor. It shifted as Foliana pressed it into the wall. Locking Seelda away from Ekrn.
“That wouldn’t…stop dedicated groups. Like Crelerbane. You can’t crush them or take away their air supply.”
“I know. But we want these ones alive.”
Three-Color Stalker turned to Ekrn, and he looked at her. The cunning [Rogue] who was hardly as incompetent as she appeared nodded to him, and he saluted her with his sword, briefly.
“The Titan plans well after all. Thank you, Commander.”
She just sighed.
“Don’t thank me yet. Your city is in danger. They’ve wasted our time. Come. Let’s get them.”
 
——
 
It did not take long to capture the renegade Fraerlings. Seelda’s representatives surrendered, asphyxiating, and Ekrn himself took them prisoner with Gindal.
It turned out they were on the same side. Shamefaced, the [Explorer] offered Ekrn the crossbow, and Ekrn let him keep it.
They hadn’t been sure, and Foliana had been following Fraerlings around trying to see who was doing what. She had been clever—but ironically, the most clever person was Guidance Heish.
Seelda had fed Ekrn and Gindal a half-truth. It was true that Heish had left her Tallguard and gone to Vuul. However, that was because she’d had an idea.
“Truth detection. Tallguard don’t maintain the law, but the one group that would be able to enforce law and order would be Fraerling [Security Personnel]. Vuul put me into protective custody, and together we began clearing other groups. We confronted Reiryul and took the entire lot prisoner—that was when Seelda panicked.”
Two groups of the eight had been fake! Reiryul and Seelda, both of whom had claimed to be under actual siege to panic the other representatives, were full of fake Fraerlings. Or rather, Fraerlings who didn’t belong to any great settlement.
It explained their low-quality attire and why they had been so stridently adamant they were under immediate attack.
So they could steal the Forgotten Wing’s forces. And take a look at the Titan’s personal files.
Perorn Fleethoof was beside herself with anger. She paced back and forth in front of the Fraerling congregation.
“After some checking—very discreetly—Guidance Heish has informed me that neither Seelda nor Reiryul are where I directed my forces. Nor, as it transpires, is either city in danger. They sent no representatives.”
It was all a trick that played on the paranoia of Fraerlings. It had almost worked, too—and it had in the sense that the Forgotten Wing Company had lost precious time. Ekrn was ready to stab all the Fraerlings under custody, but he had one question they all shared.
“Why? Why would you sell out your own kind?”
He looked at Reiryul and Seelda’s traitors in turn, and the Reiryul [Emissary] raised his hands.
“I’m sorry. They found our town. They promised to let us go if we found out where another city was.”
“You’d sell us out?”
“They have us captive! One [Fireball] and we’re all dead!”
The Fraerling looked at the others, and Gindal swore. Force Commander Nobre turned to Ekrn.
