8.76 B
Page 29
Cotm pressed through Paeth and had never known it so crowded. Fraerlings from other settlements were arriving non-stop, and the entryways were packed. Tallguard were running escort on the ground, sky…
Fraerlings would die just by travelling, but if Oierdressql had fallen, nowhere was safe.
Not even Paeth.
That was why everyone was preparing for the worst. And if putting all the Fraerlings in one city sounded stupid, well, it was. But they were not coming to be idiots about it. Paeth was a First Founding, and that mattered.
But also, it had the most resources, the most magic, and it was a proper place to stand—or evacuate.
“Forty of our Crelerbane forces? Forty?”
The Judiciary was pulling his hair out. He was arguing with a distinctly different Fraerling duo. Man and woman, both from different settlements. They didn’t have ‘Paeth’ clothing—which was machined, beautiful cloth.
And indeed, they had no colored hair, fun accessories or tattoos, and so appeared a cut below the city Fraerlings who were looking at their cousins with deep surprise. Cotm recognized them and slowed a moment to hear what they were saying.
Frontier-folk. These were Fraerlings who founded towns or villages. Tallguard still protected them, but instead of Paeth’s magic, they had literal small settlements with as much magic as they could enchant. They fought off raids of insects, hunted larger animals…
They were true [Adventurers]. Fraerlings did long for the outside world. Sometimes young Fraerlings trained all their life, created a movement, and…left. It could be disastrous. Or they could found a city that would one day become as large as Paeth.
Still, they were all maniacs. The female Fraerling had armor that was enchanted, but as much style…no, it was all style, little accessory.
Her armor was made of bones of magical creatures and enchanted. Whereas the male Fraerling was bare-chested but had a cloak of some jungle predator on his back. They were leaders of their cities and in talks with the Architects, who were as much put upon by their counterpart’s odd style and confidence as the aggressive negotiations.
“We can’t keep that many civilians safe. Forty Crelerbane and some of your Tallguard; we’ll provide the rest of the security. Every Fraerling in my village can fire a bow—but we can’t take all the children and kids.”
“Nor are we going to risk a long trip. I’ll take them north to Staetnere. The riskier trip is by sea. But I need a list and people ready to go. If Paeth is found.”
They were preparing the evacuations. One by land, one by sea. If Paeth fell…or came under siege, they’d take as many as they could.
The Fraerlings had known they might lose this place a long time ago. So they had two contingencies. A land-tunnel that took them a long way north, underground, and a giant ship.
To Humans, it was probably only the size of a smaller ship. A dinghy? But imagine how many Fraerlings could ride in it with Paeth’s dimensional magic?
Even so—crossing the sea meant running into predators, storms, and even [Pirates]. These were desperation measures, and both leaders, despite being monster slayers—for their size—were demanding twenty Crelerbane warriors armored in pure Adamantium. Each.
Cotm hurried on as the Judiciary argued…but eventually gave in. Thus far, Paeth hadn’t even been found by the scouts. If he got his way—he’d keep them from finding it.
“Your gear, Tallguard Cotm. Are you going to take it?”
