8.76 B
Page 19
If I’m wounded, the Last Light might save me. If you were looking for someone to join, why not at least bet on a company like Gravetender’s Fist, who had her friendship?
During the Yellow Rivers pandemic, which mostly quieted down after a cure was developed, Gravetender’s Fist made money hand-over-claw-over-hoof. They feared the disease far less, having Geneva’s expertise in mitigating the risk. Quallet engaged in four major battles over the intervening time, all of which were victories.
By the time Kenjiro Murata sent him a request to move Gravetender’s Fist to Talenqual to assist in a difficult matter, Quallet was wondering if he should find a place to claim. He had sped past every goal he’d set in his thirties. Which was why the request was so difficult.
He had known it would come, someday. The thing about debts was that someone always called them in. And Quallet…sat with his [Sorceress Major], Quexa, Bastiom’s head, Ekeroof, and his other officers as he pondered his reply.
“It’s obvious why Ken’s asking us to return to Talenqual.”
Quallet spoke at last. Ekeroof turned; he was kneeling on some cushions. The Centaur frowned.
“It is?”
He was…not exceptionally bright when it came to matters outside of where to gallop and shoot people. Quallet just nodded.
“Think of the current situation around Baleros. The United Nations company…the rumors about Jungle Tails making a comeback. There’s only one thing they could want.”
He sighed.
“…They want us to back them up and keep the Featherfolk Brigade from evicting them from Talenqual.”
It was obvious if you read between the lines of Ken’s message. Ever since the Last Light had mysteriously vanished, the United Nations company’s position had been in jeopardy. They were not a company like Gravetender’s Fist, who numbered close to ten thousand by now—and they were still far smaller than the Featherfolk Brigade, who were four times as large.
However, another company in Fezimet’s city must have gotten under the Quexal’s scales and feathers. Quallet’s officers muttered.
“We cannot take the Featherfolk Brigade in the field. They are almost exclusively Lizardfolk, but they have a Naga contingent in the hundreds. Possibly as many as a thousand combined.”
Bastiom pointed out the obvious. Quexa saw Quallet scratch at his chin.
“We don’t have to. It’s a standoff. How much are the Featherfolk Brigade willing to push the issue? It’s not fun to have us as an enemy. But we get to weigh how badly we want to make enemies of a bigger company. I’m…considering the issue.”
Bastiom and Ekeroof eyed Quallet, and he glowered.
“I said, I’m considering it. Do you want to fight the Featherfolk Brigade?”
He knew how they’d vote if he asked. Even Quexa, perhaps. Quallet though—was conflicted.
The United Nations Company called for help. And what did Quallet Marshhand do?
He didn’t dislike them. On the contrary, Quallet was grateful, he saw their useful knowledge, expertise, and…background as invaluable, and he liked individual members.
Am I willing to go to war, though? How far was he willing to go? How much did he owe them?
“The Last Light—”
Ekeroof began. Quallet cut him off.
“—Isn’t there. Frankly, I’d tell the Humans to pack up. I know they made a place for themselves, but it isn’t worth a hostile company. If Fezimet wants them gone—they’ll be gone. Even if we keep him from evicting them, do you really want a hostile company running the city?”
That was true. It was a stupid request. Even so…Quallet sighed.
“Let’s march.”
Quexa looked at him, alarmed, but Quallet clarified.
