8.76 B
Page 36
“How did you see me? I didn’t make the carpet move.”
Indeed, she stood on the bristles of the carpet, not disturbing a single part or revealing herself by her weight. Ekrn snorted, and Gindal pointed up.
“Dust. We can see you breathing.”
Foliana looked up. Her magical gaze focused on the bright motes of dust floating in the air through the moonlight. She scowled.
“I told the [Servants] to dust. Ever since Peclir left…grumble. Grumble.”
She hopped away. Ekrn rolled his eyes. Gindal looked at him.
“I must say, I was disappointed to hear the Titan was gone. One of the reasons I came was in hopes I’d meet him.”
“Spare yourself the trouble. He’s charming, but arrogant and mad as a loon. You think [Explorers] are insane? The Titan’s worse.”
Gindal’s eyes lit up.
“Met him, have you?”
“Once.”
Ekrn reluctantly confessed. Gindal leaned forwards.
“Tell me! And if Paeth comes under attack—let me connect you with our group. I can’t promise aid, but if they reach us…they’ll be safe.”
“Thank you.”
 
——
 
“Grumble. Grumble.”
Foliana’s voice died down after she left the Fraerlings. Then she was a shadow in the night, an invisible force flitting across her academy. An unseen—
“Commander Foliana. Please stop trying to listen in on us!”
Someone threw a cup, and Foliana ducked as Guidance Heish and Vuul turned. She looked incredibly hurt.
“How did you know?”
She’d spent a good fifteen minutes listening to the two argue about a mutual aid pact. But the two Fraerlings had begun noticing her as she peeked into an open window. Invisibly, yes, and she’d hidden her breath, but…
“Body heat. The room got warmer with a giant Tallfolk furnace around. Is this really a good use of your time in a crisis?”
Foliana glared at Vuul, and the [Emissary] promptly hid behind Heish.
“It is if I think it is.”
Well, that was two-for-two. Enough being discovered for one day. Foliana followed a [Servant] around for the next twenty minutes, happily stealing towels as the bewildered man kept trying to put fresh laundry around.
That made her feel better. She left him with a gold coin tucked behind his ear and heard his shout of alarm thirty seconds later.
Fraerlings were far more adept. They were hard-mode, and Foliana appreciated the challenge. But she would have been far more appreciative if this were not a crisis.
Aid to the cities. Jungle Tails. Stupid name. Niers doing Niers things on another continent. Danger. Danger. Grumble. 
She retreated to the top floors and prowled around her shared rooms with Niers, the dining room she didn’t use because it was too empty, and thought [Rogue] thoughts. She was waiting. Doing a bit of prep work with her hiding, getting into gear.
But waiting.
A single thing made Foliana stop her invisible rounds as she paced by one room. She went to the door, frowned at it, and slipped through the door without opening it.
Even so, there was nothing inside. Just Niers’ room. A glowing chessboard sat on the table where his bed was, and his immediate files. Around the room lay reference materials, the opening to the Fraer-ways…Foliana walked over to the chess board.
It had not moved for a long time. She stared at it, then messed with the pieces. Foliana walked left, looking at his notes, his strategy. He lived for his job. So did she.
“The company is our life. Or we live for the company? He does. It’s mine.”
She confessed to herself in an autobiographical way. This was her company. Everything was hers. She didn’t know what Niers got. A challenge? A cause? Foliana sadly went over to his table. She put her head down, ear to the wood. Then she spoke.
