8.76 B
Page 43
They had never shown up. He had a staff, but he was a Titan alone. It was not safe.
It was never safe. Ekrn walked past a hallway clearly in-progress; it led to a dark dead end devoid of furnishing or wallpaper. He wondered what the Titan’s end plan was. Make an entire Fraerling city in Elvallian?
Perhaps. And perhaps there was something there—but this incident would ruin his credibility with the settlements.
Unless it turned out one of their kind had betrayed all. In which case…
“—Not sure where Paeth is coming from. Feiland’s apparently destroyed, but Oierdressql falling is something we only have their word for. I didn’t hear of—”
A few Fraerlings broke off speaking, and a fellow Tallguard looked up from talking with a frontier-Fraerling as Ekrn passed by. He slowed.
“Have you seen Gindal?”
“I think I saw him up two floors. That atrium place with a view of the city?”
“Thanks.”
Ekrn walked past as the Fraerlings eyed him. Then he turned and stomped back.
“Feiland fell in defense of Oierdressql. Get your Farspeakers to check!”
“We would, but our cities are hiding. Locked down. Awfully convenient, Sentry Leader Ekrn. Force Commander Nobre—not in charge of a First Founding city, but I lead the Tallguard of Yaeth. We’ve met.”
Ekrn briskly shook the Fraerling’s hand and looked at the other.
“And you’re…”
“[Monster Hunter]. One of the frontier villages. We’ve got Tallfolk poking around the region. They have no idea where we are, but they’re making a ruckus.”
Ekrn grunted.
“And you want a damn army.”
The [Monster Hunter] shrugged.
“Do you want to fight a thousand Tallfolk? Like everyone’s saying—kill a dozen and a hundred follow. We need the Forgotten Wing to run them off. We know they’re looking for us. They’re not exactly subtle. They’re asking to ‘negotiate’ with us, and they’re placing offerings like we’re intelligent animals or something.”
“Really? They’re that direct?”
The Fraerling snorted as Ekrn blinked.
“Oh, aye. They’re miles off sometimes. They have no clue where we are at all—but they know our location. Which is interesting because even the Titan wouldn’t know where we are…but yes. A few hundred Lizardfolk.”
“Wait a second. A few hundred? I thought you needed an army.”
Ekrn turned to face the frontier-Fraerling, and the [Monster Hunter] froze slightly.
“We do. We don’t want to go the way of Seelda and Reiryul.”
“But you don’t have more than a few hundred. We have an entire company of thousands breathing down our necks!”
“So you claim.”
The Force Commander noted. Ekrn felt like he was close to bursting a blood vessel. Yet both Tallguard were eying the [Monster Hunter], who raised her hands defensively.
“Listen. We do not want to get wiped out. Maybe we exaggerated a bit, but we’re not the ones poking around the Titan’s rooms.”
“Care to swear on a real truth spell about that?”
Ekrn challenged her, and the Fraerling shrugged.
“Sure. Got one?”
“…No.”
That wasn’t something Ekrn needed. He wasn’t a [Guardsman], and the Tallguard fought and patrolled, not administered the law. He stared at the two foreign Fraerlings then turned and pointed.
“Would you stop that?”
Two giant, glowing eyes stared through a glass window at the three Fraerlings, and all three groaned. One even took off their shoe to throw at Foliana.
“Damn.”
“This is unacceptable, Commander. I know you want to find out the truth—but it is really discouraging for the highest-level [Rogue] in the Forgotten Wing company to act so…shoddily.”
The Force Commander glared at Foliana as the [Monster Hunter] hopped over to retrieve her shoe. The Squirrel-woman backed up.
