8.76 B
Page 31
Cotm promised. When he went back to Talenqual with his four pieces of payment in tow, Kissilt took out a four thousand gold loan. And the other [Strategists] began calling all their favors in.
 
——
 
Luan Khumalo’s first shipment of goods arrived in Paeth two days after he left. To be more precise—it arrived and was picked up.
By now, Paeth was under lockdown. Cotm had left for Feiland’s headquarters to teleport out and had been advised that he would not have a route back. The Fraerling city was hidden…and not even Luan with Noa, Resk, and Kessice would be able to so easily return.
However, they did have goods. A canister of mithril dust, as much Sage’s Grass as could be bought, magicore, elements to hide Paeth’s magical signature, and raw iron. Even things as mundane as fish.
Not magical fish. Not alchemy-usable fish. Just…fish. Paeth needed food. Fish was nice. Crab too. Someone had begun ordering a hundred pounds of shrimp before Guidance Heish reminded everyone at the time that this was not what they wanted but needed.
A huge amount of the stuff. How would Paeth get it if Luan didn’t carry it back?
The point was, it was a lot of goods, even for Luan to carry. So to let the Fraerlings haul it to Paeth, Luan deposited it at the shore. They’d have to take a Crelerbane unit to haul it back—but not much, even giant crocs, would want to tangle with them.
But so much stuff. It would take so long for so few to make the trip—unless they did it in one big trip. With, say…
A chest of holding. Luan had nearly bankrupted the United Nation’s coffers to make all these purchases, even with his Courier delivery. He’d promised to repay them, and Resk was doing all the enchanting Paige asked for; he’d even drawn cooling runes, which alone justified the price tag to most of the company.
However, the real reward was seeing twenty Fraerlings lift the giant, enchanted chest onto their shoulders and march with it through the jungle. A croc stared at a moving chest, then the snack-sized people walking past. Right up until one of them shot it in the tooth.
“We’ll get more of what they need. Don’t worry. We’re in lodestone communication. And if they’re still asking for goods—Paeth is safe.”
Resk assured the others as Luan rowed away, pretending he hadn’t seen the tiny folk. It was a very short stop, and no scrying spells were on him, but he felt nervous.
Nervous and hopeful. Apparently, someone was helping distract the Featherfolk Brigade. Kessice was cagey on who, but Luan knew it was Cotm’s doing. Quallet was on the way, and even if Fezimet had announced he wanted the United Nations Company gone by next week…they could move. Just so long as Paeth survived.
 
——
 
However, things were not going nearly as well at the Forgotten Wing headquarters. Sentry Leader Ekrn and Guidance Heish learned they would not be immediately receiving an army, and Ekrn lost his temper.
“This company is attacking our cities because of your company. What do you mean, you can’t spare it?”
Strategist Perorn addressed him, eyes narrowed, but trying to be civil.
“I did not say that. I said that it will be difficult supporting Paeth if we do not know where it is, Sentry Leader. And since it is not found—I can put two thousand jungle-experts in your hands. In fact, I believe some of our students are actually attempting to stymie the Featherfolk Brigade—the company searching for you—as we speak.”
