8.76 B
Page 14
That very night, Ken sent word to the only company affiliated with the United Nations company, an actual army. Gravetender’s Fist acceded to their request to talk on the very same day that Commander Fezimet of the Featherfolk Brigade publicly announced that he was ejecting the Humans and the United Nations Company from Talenqual.
Relations further broke down after that.
 
——
 
Fraerlings under siege, a missing Titan, a war between Great Companies, past and present. Earthers, worldwide events…amidst it all, here was a question no one was asking:
Whatever happened to Quallet Marshhand?
Quallet. Quallet Marshhand. The [Mercenary Captain]—well, now [Mercenary Commander]—of Gravetender’s Fist. Famous for…his involvement with the Last Light of Baleros and subsequent United Nations Company, which included Luan Khumalo, the Rower?
That might explain more about Quallet than anything else. He was famous by association. Quallet had a career as a [Mercenary] that most companies would respect. He could walk into any company in the world and probably get a job.
Even a Great Company would take a look at Quallet’s Level 36 class and say ‘that’s someone who could really become an asset if we get those last four levels’. He was honorable, brave, a good fighter, and he’d led forces through really hairy situations, like the time when two companies had attacked neutral parties.
But famous? No. If anything, Quallet felt that he should have made his name in five years. Five years to hit Level 40 and really launch his company. By then he’d be old as roving [Mercenaries] went, but he’d have the last of his thirties and forties to really build up—maybe take some land. Either join a greater company or make alliances. By fifty? He’d hopefully have a real legacy.
Quallet’s vision of the future kept neglecting finding family, and he always tried to squeeze it into his plans. Just…fall in love, get married, have children, uh, soonish.
The truth was that Quallet was a career mercenary. He had big dreams, but he lived understanding the next battle might be the last. He had lived like that into Level 30, which was a huge marker and told anyone that he survived, win or lose.
An intelligent leader would respect Quallet not for his outstanding talent in one area, but because he had pulled himself up to this point, sometimes with piranhas and mud trying to eat and drown him. Quallet himself considered his doggedness his best asset. Not that he made dog-like metaphors. He’d call it his Dullahan-headedness.
…Which was why Quallet was a bit perplexed by the state of Gravetender’s Fist now. He attributed it with little difficulty to recent events. Even so. It was wild.
 
——
 
Four months ago had been when it began. Gravetender’s Fist, hot off nearly getting murdered in a horrible war between the Roving Arrow and Razorshard Armor company…suffered a 60% attrition rate in casualties and the enlisted soldiers quitting the ranks.
A disaster. Frankly, Quallet was so grateful he could have wept. That was not a battle where you counted casualties. That was one where you woke up, sweating, like he did, and thanked the Nagas he’d survived it.
Evercut Arrows. War Walkers. The Tripartite Law company spreading plague and fire. And both companies ignoring the code of war and attacking his forces?
Both companies actually disbanded after that battle. Not immediately, but in the two months that followed, the sheer stain on their reputations and the way they’d massacred each other meant that they had no chance of holding onto the damn gold mine they’d fought so hard over.
