8.76 B
Page 45
“Oh, I was going to question you first. After I got my crossbow back. We don’t have to be stupid about this. If there is a spy or traitor among us, all we need to do is identify who’s faking their city being in danger. I’ve already learned that your settlements and at least one other aren’t facing actual armies.”
“We may have exaggerated. So what did you have in mind?”
Ekrn gestured with his non-ring hand.
“I have my Guidance with me. She brought some memory-crystals.”
Gindal’s expression didn’t change.
“Oh, so you want to check her footage? Good idea—but you can fake memory-crystals. And I don’t think we’re qualified to investigate, do you? I’m an [Explorer]. Frankly, I’m just going to head out. With the crossbow.”
Ekrn’s teeth were clenched. He was watching Gindal hard.
“Not my intent. I have something to show you…the Guidance didn’t get a convenient full-sweep of all things happening here. But she did take a recording of Oierdressql’s refugees.”
Along with Luan the Giant. You could fake images, but that…?
That was if Gindal could trust him, and if Ekrn was willing to turn his back on the [Explorer]. Which he wasn’t about to do. And yet Gindal looked just as unwilling to follow Ekrn.
“So I just go with you to an empty room?”
“Get a friend. Get three. Equal to us Tallguard. My Guidance is waiting in her quarters.”
“No, she’s not.”
A third voice entered the mix. Gindal and Ekrn turned and saw a group striding forwards. Seelda’s. They were all armed—and very nervous. Ekrn spun, and Gindal frowned.
“What’s this?”
He looked at Ekrn hard, and the Seelda representative turned to glance over her shoulder. The haughty Fraerlings gazed hard at Ekrn.
“Are you lying, Sentry Leader?”
“I’m not. Guidance Heish should be in her rooms.”
He’d just left her there! But the Seelda Fraerling shook her head instantly.
“She’s not. I just saw her. She and [Emissary] Vuul just met—right before he arrested her with his people, and went after Dosiel and Keshel in the Dark’s group!”
“What?”
Both Ekrn and Gindal turned. Vuul had done that? Where was Heish’s Tallguard escort? But if those idiotic guards were actually high-level Fraerlings pretending to be incompetent…
Or if Heish had gone out alone like an idiot city-Fraerling? Ekrn cursed.
“Where are they? Let’s find one of the Tallfolk—no. Let me get my Tallguard.”
The Seelda representative nodded, face pale.
“Hurry! He’s arrested multiple groups.”
“With stun-batons?”
Gindal was incredulous, but Ekrn was stepping back. Seelda’s representative was eying him, and she turned to Gindal.
“Can we join your group as well, Explorer Gindal? Given Vuul’s actions, I think we can safely trust each other.”
“Maybe. Or maybe not. Ekrn’s activated his Ring of Disintegration.”
Every Fraerling froze and stared at Ekrn’s plain ring. The Fraerling Tallguard saw Gindal’s hand on his crossbow handle.
“Hold on. Stop. Stop…this doesn’t have to come to blood. You two are armed—let’s not be hasty.”
The representative of Seelda said it as she boldly…hid behind her bodyguards. She peeked at both with her silk robes trailing the carpet as she shocked her bodyguard with static electricity. Ekrn and Gindal relaxed slightly.
“No one wants Fraerlings to kill each other. Abeixis.”
Ekrn slowly deactivated the ring as a show of goodwill. Gindal took his hand off his crossbow hilt.
“Paeth is definitely a First Founding city. I’ll give you that…but you can be everything you claim and still be a traitor. I agree; let’s find my people first, then yours, then we confront Vuul. Agreed?”
