8.76 B
Page 13
The two traded looks again. Neither one wanted to say it. But when you said that…even rumors aside of the weakened Great Company? Even if you made an idiot of yourself and took out any other relevant information like the testimony of Fraerling survivors about the attack…
There was only one major company in this city. It was conceivable there was just this second, random company skulking around in the jungle attacking Fraerlings. But then, either they were also stealth masters, or the Featherfolk Brigade knew about it.
And if it were them? This situation just got a whole lot more messy.
“Paeth might be able to hide itself. I dunno. What do they want?”
Siri had a copy of Resk’s list.
“Ironically? Not much mithril. They just want a lot of basic stuff. Sage’s Grass, raw iron ore…no steel. That’s underlined.”
“Must be shite stuff compared to what they can make. Give it here? Yeah…we can get that. Maybe Paeth hides. But honestly, Siri. Do you think it could be Fezimet and his company?”
Siri looked up, and Daly glanced around the room as if the walls had ears. The [Ranger] chewed on her lip.
“If they are, the Fraerlings might see them if they’re wandering around in the forest. I doubt they were stupid enough to put their badge on their uniforms. But if they are—they’d have put a lot of people on the job, right?”
“Right. Do you know if they have?”
Siri gave Daly an unhappy look.
“As it happens…I’ve heard a few divisions are on a training exercise. Not on a regular contract.”
Daly began swearing instantly. He paced around the room, then stopped. He turned to Siri.
“We can’t fight an entire company!”
“Not alone. We’ll keep it secret—no one but us knows about the Fraerlings. We get them what they want asap. But if it is the Featherfolk Brigade…”
“…We hope they don’t find Paeth.”
“And if they do?”
The Swedish girl waited. She looked around the room at the secret project Daly and Paige had been working on. The thing that had caused so much trouble with Geneva. But that was for a Gold-rank team. Self-defense. Not for taking on a company with over ten thousand soldiers in it. Daly sat down. He heard footsteps descending and saw Paige open the door. She slipped in with the four enchanted crossbow strings.
“You all had the same thought I did? This…could be really bad. What’s the plan, Daly?”
She looked at him as if he had more than a dozen members of a Silver-rank team and some other teams that worked with them, like the Rustless Guard led by Captain Eldima, a Dullahan that Daly rather liked. His stomach churned at the idea of Fezimet learning the Fraerlings were here—aside from him being an overt enemy. He’d met the Quexal, and Fezimet had struck him as a cold, pragmatic bastard with an ego.
There was no actual army in the United Nations of Earth. They had a peacekeeping force, and what they did was draw from their individual nations. If push ever came to shove, and two major nations—their membership—came to war, they relied on words and pressure to stop a war.
And that didn’t work. It, historically, did not. The United Nations company of Baleros was not at war. They were helping Paeth. But just in case…hypothetically…Daly looked up.
“Paige? Let’s get Ken. I think we need to send word to our allies to head on by.”
The only ones they had. Paige glanced worriedly at Daly, and Siri just nodded.
