8.76 B
Page 50
Perorn was looking at the Fraerlings and then at Foliana. Ekrn had a sinking suspicion as well.
“What is it, Strategist?”
The Centauress shook her head.
“If I were the one sending saboteurs into the enemy—I’d arm them with death spells if they had important information. Perhaps…unknowing death spells if I were that cruel. But if they were expendable, I’d just give them a way to let me know they’d been found.”
Ekrn glanced at Heish, and Foliana stopped chewing on a victory muffin. She looked up and nodded.
“Ah. At last. Here they come.”
 
——
 
The trade-roads of Baleros saw their advent first. But they were everywhere. Neutral cities, mostly of Lizardfolk, began to fly a familiar banner. The [Messages] flitting across Baleros contained a name:
Jungle Tails.
They were back. Their supporters talked about it like a comeback, a triumphant resurgence against their enemy.
Their foes called it treachery. But even their worst enemies had to admit—it was well-planned.
The trade-roads that connected Elvallian to the rest of Baleros were the most direct route to the Forgotten Wing Company’s capital. Also, the easy way for the Great Company to send reinforcements to other locations like Paeth. They had no sea route thanks to the Iron Vanguard’s control over the water.
So the forces marching down the trade roads were both attackers and a way to stymie fast reinforcements. The [Soldiers] heading for Elvallian came from many neutral companies like the Featherfolk Brigade. A continent-wide muster to kill the leader of the Forgotten Wing company and seize their capital.
Naga by the thousands slithered down the road. Not just ‘ordinary’ Nagas garbed in armor, but Medusa, eyes locked ahead as their ‘hair’ of venomous snakes hissed and stared in other directions. Mighty Gorgons, towering above almost all their kin.
Quexals too, fluttering with wings as they glided across the landscape. More species as rare as Lamia—although Star Lamias were so rare that Archmage Nailihuaile would have still been unique amidst this horde.
And Lizardfolk. Countless Lizardfolk, whooping, cheering as they followed their older kin.
They were going for the Forgotten Wing’s heart. A bit too early, but the Fraerlings must have failed. It was still going to plan, though; the plan was robust enough to account for variance. All they had to do was slay Foliana, Perorn, and sack the capital or occupy it, and the Forgotten Wing would be dealt a blow they would never recover from.
If the Titan had already been dead, everything would be perfect. But plans didn’t work out perfectly.
Indeed, Peclir Im, watching the grand emergence of the Jungle Tails company into Baleros once more, had one regret. And that was that this part of the plan, which was arguably as important as killing Foliana, was not going well.
He had done his part in removing Niers Astoragon from the game…but Peclir realized he missed Niers.
The traitorous [Chamberlain] missed the Titan. Oh, not the man himself. Not the buffoon who had an ego larger than a Giant’s. The strutting fool who couldn’t see the truth before his eyes. Who was like a child when it came to affection and love.
Niers, who’d walk around at night, bored and depressed by turns when there was no war or excitement in the last five days. Who couldn’t see himself with anyone who wasn’t a [Queen], Level 50+ expert, or the world’s greatest in some way.
That narcissistic gloryhound who always had to have the last word, laugh, and be the center of any room. No, Peclir Im did not miss him.
