8.76 B
Page 23
Marian, Umina, and Kissilt had, so Cameral was in charge of all the busywork to make up for it. The Dullahan felt like he was letting them down, and since he was, Kissilt was willing to let him make it up to them.
The Drake, on the other hand, had provided no less than thirty veteran mercenaries from the few Drakes abroad in Baleros. They’d all responded to his Grade-6 clearance passport and asked no questions.
By contrast, Umina had hired some local Lizardfolk from her city, who were decent fighters…but so unprofessional. Marian had only gotten six Centaurs from her herd-tribe or whatever it was, but they were all expert archers.
“Cotm? We’re in the tent. I—oh Nagas.”
Umina pulled Cotm out gently and found he was covered in—Cameral hurriedly offered a water-flask, and Kissilt plugged his nostrils.
Just wonderful. The sick Fraerling recovered after a few seconds, and at least he was professional.
“Group down. Are you…what is our status?”
“The Featherfolk Brigade have lost three scout groups. I’m detecting a larger force enroute; we’ll strike camp and fall back.”
“Again? We’re ten miles away from the furthest they’d search, Kissilt.”
The Drake glared at Marian, who looked weary.
“I’m not risking it. One whiff of us and they’ll encircle our location. Do you have a location, Tallguard Cotm? Any path?”
The Fraerling shook his head instantly.
“None. Pick whatever direction you want.”
Kissilt sighed inwardly. No hints, even by obfuscation, of where this ‘Paeth’ was, then. Not that he’d sell out the Fraerlings! But Manus would like to know.
“I’ll send the order. Cameral, strike camp.”
Marian glared as Kissilt nodded at the Dullahan, and Cameral strode out. She disapproved of Kissilt taking command, but he was in charge.
What a rag-tag organization this was. Here they were, attacking scout groups—admittedly with a wonderful kill-to-death ratio—with no idea what they were protecting, underforce, and with multiple groups of varying military disciplines not used to working with each other.
Kissilt would have never done this normally. In fact, he would have balked at even involving himself in the affairs of the Featherfolk Brigade and direct Cotm to the Titan. But here he was, risking his life for an admittedly noble-sounding cause.
In fact, he’d used Kismet Securities’ funds to hire Umina, his, and Marian’s forces. A small fortune! He was laying it all on the line because he was definitely going to level…
And because Cotm was paying well.
“I have a list of our targets, sir. We can expand it if I pull more forces. Umina could hire a local Lizardfolk force, and Marian assures me she has trustworthy Centaurs. A Dullahan force is much slower, but we might drain the Featherfolk of nearly a thousand. I’m not willing to commit to an all-out battle as it reveals our position and the Featherfolk Brigade are fast. However, if you would like to upgrade our services…”
“Dead gods, Kissilt.”
Marian rolled her eyes as the Drake showed Cotm their statistical breakdown of the damage they’d done. At the very least, they’d slowed the Featherfolk’s progress considerably. Cotm eyed Kissilt with dour approval.
“I guess I have to pay for all the rest?”
“Or Paeth. Happy to help, sir. In fact, if you’d like time to leave and, ah, acquire more goods in kind, I have a wishlist of items I’d happily invest gold for. We have a budget underlined here…”
