8.76 B
Page 17
Bastiom was hardly as glowing as Xol of Ingrilt, but his armor was still reinforced steel. Unlike regular Dullahans, though, his armor was scarred from battle and clearly patchworked in how it had been repaired.
Most Dullahans would die of shame; poorly-maintained armor meant you were poor, but a War Walker was so vast that covering their bodies was expensive beyond belief. Some wore wood or lesser materials, and even then—
They were a terror. Large targets that could die fast, but still, there was nothing that made the infantry break like looking up at a figure with a foot raised to stomp you flat.
However—Quallet introduced himself on autopilot and asked Bastiom how he and the fifty-odd Dullahans all wearing steel had come here. To buy himself time.
He was thinking hard and fast.
Did he want a War Walker? Even a free one—and they could charge enlistment fees in the thousands?
The answer was not always ‘yes’. An idiot said yes at once. War Walkers were a problem for any commander. Not just in how you kept them alive; they required a lot of food. And maintenance. If one broke an ankle? Repairing that armor?
War Walkers made the choice to become large to fight, sometimes for a cause, others, sacrifice or just because they desired strength, but they were a drain in times of peace.
Moreover, these were Razorshard Armor veterans. Even if he hadn’t known Bastiom, there was only one reason they’d come to Quallet. As Bastiom explained in his operatic voice—
“We have no recourse. No other Dullahan-led company will take us after our disgrace. The Razorshard Armor company has disbanded, yet I am impelled to battle. I cannot exist in peace, and my fellows joined me to find you.”
They needed employment. Bastiom’s words were a bit artful, but he was telling the truth. He’d die of starvation without some job to pay his costly food bill and so on. Quallet came to a decision fast.
“Do you stand behind the Razorshard Armor company’s actions, Walker Bastiom?”
The giant Dullahan’s eyes flashed; he had a small head compared to his body. That was one aspect of the Dullahans that didn’t change as much.
“No. I refused to desert and survived by luck. However, I resigned my commission the instant our battle-contract ended.”
…And he was the one who had helped save them by guaranteeing Geneva’s passage. She had saved him in the most amazing medical procedure that Quallet had heard of; reattaching his arm sinew by sinew. The War Walker waited.
Nervously, though the Dullahans hid it well. Quallet looked them over.
Steel-grade armor. Veterans, all. There would be problems with his people who remembered what they’d done. If he had any of the United Nations Company, they’d be really upset because it was the Dullahans who had executed some of their number. The ‘Americans’.
However, Quallet had made up his mind. He turned to the Dullahans and nodded.
“Will you…discuss a contract with me over a brief repast? We are heading towards a battle come mid-morning, so it must be regretfully short.”
Ken had taught him that. Quallet knew Dullahans, but he went the extra mile and sat with their heads on pillows, as formality and their customs dictated. They had a contract within twenty minutes.
That was how Quallet got himself a War Walker. Metoish herself turned pale at the sight of the giant Dullahan taking the field. And he didn’t acknowledge her stone-gaze. She instantly tried to kill him, of course, armor-piercing arrows and spells taking him as a target.
