8.76 B
Page 1
Perorn looked up, hissing in exasperation, and met Three-Color Stalker’s eyes. They had known each other for a long time. So long that Perorn had been a filly—a young Centaur girl—when they had first met, and Foliana…
…Had definitely changed. Decades lay between them, and they had not always served on the same side of the battlefield. Foliana had been a Gold-rank adventurer, Named Adventurer, retired, the leader of a new company called the Forgotten Wing company, and then leader of a Great Company of Baleros. Someone who remained constant all that time was odd. Odder than Foliana herself, even.
Even her eyes changed. There was a time when Three-Color Stalker had only had one color to her eyes. Then two. Then three. Perorn still remembered when pink had entered her eyes, bleeding into the green and yellow which had mixed together, like liquid. She had never asked, but she suspected it was a Skill. That—or a byproduct of some magical event. It was not hereditary, Perorn knew.
Foliana had not always been like this. There was a time when she did not go ‘mm’. She had picked up that habit…when? Ten years ago? Twenty? Dead gods and hoof rot, that was an age ago.
A secret about Foliana few knew: she interjected ‘mm’ into all her sentences because she thought it made her sound distinguished.
Times past, she would have been easier, more talkative, and far less…stubborn. Perorn rested her hands on the table.
“Foliana.”
“Commander.”
“Commander Foliana.”
“Supreme commander?”
“Commander Foliana.”
“Mm. Pity. What?”
Perorn gestured at the table.
“I can deal with all three hotspots. I can deal with nine, or even fifty-two. I’m no Niers, but the Forgotten Wing company is more than just him, and we’ve built it into a true Great Company. We will not fold over just because one army comes calling, or eight. But if we deal with all fifty-plus crises in the same way, if we keep dividing up—”
“We expose our hearts. I know. You said.”
The Centauress [Strategist] had seen the danger coming months ago. Yet still Foliana insisted they take from the one place where Perorn knew they had to keep their strength: here.
Elvallian. Where the prestige, resources, and heart of the Forgotten Wing company lay. Where Foliana, Perorn, and a number of the most high-ranking officers of the Forgotten Wing company were. Niers’ academy—if it fell, it fell, and there were times when Perorn would abandon it. But a Great Company that lost its headquarters? That was a sign.
It would have been easier if they were the Howling Maelstrom, or Iron Vanguard, or even Eyes of Baleros, all of whom had headquarters deep within their territory. The Iron Vanguard had a fortress, Howling Maelstrom had theirs in the center of the plains—which was Centaur land a hundred miles in every direction—and no one knew where the Eyes of Baleros’ was exactly; it was in the deep jungle.
But Niers had wanted his as a trade capital, as a beating heart of Baleros. It made them rich. It also made them a target, and this was no Walled City.
“You have to abandon some places. Listen. I’ll make a list of our lowest-value holdings and—”
“No.”
Foliana peered at Perorn, and her eyes narrowed.
“I am Foliana. Supreme Commander of the Forgotten Wing Company. Supreme…Muffin…Almighty Commander of the Forgotten Wing Company. I promoted myself just now. I order you to keep it all.”
And there it was. This was not an issue that normally cropped up with Niers, but what did you do as a subordinate, as the acting second and top [Strategist], when your boss was giving you bad orders?
