8.76 B
Page 49
“If this is true—if—we have to rescue them. The Tallguard will do it. This—will not go unpunished. It also seems like some of the reports of cities under attack are false. That’s what threw my settlements into a panic.”
“Paeth is not lying. We need forces now.”
“We’ll send them.”
Perorn promised Ekrn gravely. However, the Reiryul Fraerling pointed an accusing finger at the Seelda Fraerling.
“Wait. They’re not from our city. I don’t know where they’re from, but it’s not a settlement. They worked with the Nagas on this plan to find our city—they pretended to be fleeing, and when we took them in, they led the Tallfolk right to our door.”
Ekrn saw Gindal load a normal crossbow bolt, and everyone turned to the seven surviving Fraerlings. Their leader sneered at Ekrn as Gindal glared at her.
“What’s your reason? Answer, before I lose my temper.”
“Careful…we need to interrogate them.”
Perorn cautioned Gindal as he aimed at one of the seven Fraerlings. In response, the [Explorer] aimed right between the Fraerling’s legs. Yet the female Fraerling garbed in silk still looked defiant.
“You haughty cityfolk think you’re all of our kind. You d—”
Twang. Gindal fired and put another bolt into the crossbow. The enchanted crossbow had enough force to punch into the wood floor of the Fraer-ways. Nothing else slowed it. He aimed at the female Fraerling’s groin next.
“Trust me—it hurts no matter who you are.”
A screaming Fraerling went under a [Silence] spell as the others began to speak. Ekrn listened and realized who they were.
Exiles. Outcasts. The Fraerlings who were kicked out of a city because they were truly unable to fit in. Some—most cities like Paeth didn’t have a death sentence and prison for decades…they just exiled Fraerlings instead.
However, the jump from criminal to active traitor was still a big step. The female Fraerlings gave the only explanation that made sense to the outraged representatives with a huge smile.
“Potion of Gluttony.”
“…What?”
Heish looked incredulously at the Fraerling, but the traitor just smiled dreamily.
“If I drink it—I’m able to eat without filling my stomach. I can eat as much as a Tallfolk or more, and it doesn’t fill me up. I’m never hungry, but I always taste food as if I were starving, and I can eat without stopping. Every bite as good as the last. Everything. Tallfolk have so much. Do you know how easy it is for them to make a keg of mead? I can drink all day and night without stopping. If I succeeded, I’d do that every day for the rest of my life.”
“Just—just so I understand. You’d throw over hundreds of thousands of your people, entire cities—for yourself.”
Heish whispered through pale lips. Gindal aimed up, and Ekrn stopped him. The Fraerling grinned up at Heish.
“They’re not me.”
Perorn Fleethoof was consulting with a [Mage], who was frowning at the Fraerling. She looked at the representatives, some of whom were stunned.
“Every species has the unredeemable. Although…the Naga of the Jungle Tails Company might have had a hand in creating her. She’s compromised. Her class is [Hedonist].”
“What?”
Ekrn stared at the dreamy contempt for anyone but herself in the Fraerling’s gaze. Guidance Heish murmured.
“Oh. The disease in the heart of paradise.”
Everything had its class. And this was one that struck in places like Khelt or the Kingdom of Keys or so on without management.
Foliana was done with the treachery of Fraerlings. She turned to Perorn.
“Paeth is in most danger. Mm. Send forces to them.”
“If we can. It’s far, but I will pull every soldier I can, Foliana. Just…”
