8.76 B
Page 0

The Titan of Baleros was on Izril. Not just on Izril, he was leading a Gnoll army with Goblins in tow—and Antinium—and Doombringers, whatever the heck those were—against Drakes.
Classic Niers. When news of his confirmed survival spread, many who knew him or his reputation were unsurprised. However—that did not mean all was well.
The Titan had found his adventure and a war. Another had snuck up on his company from behind, and to anyone with a brain, his entanglement in Izril…could not come at a worse time. If anything, those who put themselves against the Forgotten Wing Company hoped that Niers Astoragon either lost horribly…or won so much that he didn’t come back.
Actually, it didn’t matter. Even if the Titan took a Courier by sea, even if he evaded the Iron Vanguard casually hanging out on the eastern coastline—even if he took birdflight to Elvallian…
He might well be too late. The fall of the Forgotten Wing company was not months or weeks in the making, but days.
Fraerling cities were under attack. A foreign company and the traitor, Peclir Im, had planned their moment well, pressuring the Forgotten Wing to move their forces to their wide holdings. In hindsight or now-sight…it was obvious.
 
——
 
Perorn looked down at a map and counted. Just…counted. Hotspots.
She counted fifty-two.
Fifty-two major crisis areas. Niers called them something else. She referred to them as ‘pivot points’ in class. Areas where one side could, by triumph, gain momentum or force another opponent back.
One was something that Niers himself would almost always check on, even if he left it to an underling. Fifty-two?
It was not just one enemy. Perorn knew that. The problem with Baleros was that everyone was for hire, and there were things that you couldn’t pay anyone for…
But if you had enemies, things got cheaper. Or deferred payment became an option.
For the Forgotten Wing? Their land was as much a lure for their enemies as gold itself. So for payment or just because they saw this was the time—even the other Great Companies were moving in.
“The Bannermare is raiding our trade routes. The Adaz Plates are encroaching on a gem mine—and the alchemical city of Fizzyxel has just defected. Reasons as yet unknown. I advise giving up on the Bannermare; just lock down the trade roads. We need to force the Adaz Plate to abstain from an attack. Poison, armor-piercing, or high-magic forces might deter them…unless the Iron Vanguard makes war official. In which case, our entire border is suspect. Barring that? We can go after Fizzyxel or let whoever’s claimed it go. I recommend letting them go.”
“Mm. No. Send someone to fix it. Which would be who? How many? How many do we have left?”
Perorn’s legs ached. She had taken wounds, and the infamous Fleethoof still remembered when one of her best students, Tulm, had injured her to the point where she would never run again—not without major magical help or…a [Doctor].
She put that aside. No time for such things. It only came up because she would paw the ground with one hoof when she was annoyed, a visible tic. She was doing it on the shag carpet because she was exasperated.
“Foliana.”
“That’s commander. Mm. Or captain? Can we do it without…a lot of forces?”
“Yes, but—”
“Do it. How many? Where? When?”
The Squirrel Beastkin scratched at her fur. She had burrs stuck all over it. Little, annoying burrs that a servant was gingerly removing one-by-one without tearing her fur.
“I…can send our Pale Divisions. Two could do it. Three’s safer. No losses.”
“Send three. Next?”
