8.76 B
Page 8
The United Nations Company traded glances. Talenqual didn’t have stone roads, but it was still a fairly active port city held by a rather well-known company, the Featherfolk Brigade.
“The Walled Cities are more your speed, Resk. I’ve heard they still have a decent amount of technology in them. This…Talenqual didn’t even exist on some of our maps. You’ve lost five cities in the larger region. Our intelligence is wildly, wildly out of date. The immediate area is fine, but our maps are thirty years old.”
Kessice interrupted. Everyone looked at her, and Luan took a seat. They had been talking and introducing themselves, so the shock and elation was mostly over. Still, Daly stared, and Siri gazed in delight at Noa, who waved at her with a giant smile.
“She’s so cute. I want to hug her!”
Aiko whispered to Kirana. Luan looked up.
“No doing that. Be very careful with them—and we have to make sure they’re safe from rats and other pests.”
Aiko nodded guiltily, and Kirana spoke up.
“Can I…can I offer you some food? Are you hungry?”
They were ravenous after Luan’s amazing trip, so all three Fraerlings plus Luan looked up.
“What do Tallfolk have? A single…apple would do us all. No, wait. Um, one roasted rat, please, Miss!”
Kessice nodded at Kirana, and the [Housekeeper]’s face went blank. Where Resk expected more, Kessice expected less.
Noa, the happy middle since one of their number, Tallguard Cotm, had vanished on his own mission, was just enthusiastic about everything.
“Kessice! Luan’s civilized! What do you have? Wait…do you have a Nali-stick? C-could I get one?”
“What, one? For…oh.”
All three Fraerlings looked up. A single Nali-stick, while thinner, could be taller than them. The pure sugar treat? Resk’s eyes lit up hopefully as Kirana listed some foods.
“We have curry, some roti from last night, but if you’ll wait just fifteen minutes, I could make—paneer? And get you Nali-sticks! But I’ll have to make a smaller meal—”
“Ah, Kirana. Don’t bother. Get them all a bowl. Each. They might not finish it all, but they’ll probably eat it.”
Luan had seen Fraerlings packing away their body weight in food. And indeed, the idea of good food cheered the Fraerlings to no end. Kirana hurried away, and Ken himself brought back refreshments.
When Kessice saw a glass of cold tea with ice as tall as she was, she changed her tune on her dire mission at once. Noa took a giant stick of white sugar and stared up at it, eyes sparkling.
“You’ll actually give yourself health problems if you eat all that, Noa. The [Healers] would probably let you eat only a third. So give a third to me.”
Resk commented as Noa chopped the stick in half to share around. It was still a log of pure sugar, and she couldn’t fit the entire stick into her mouth, so she took a giant bite and began vibrating instantly.
“Hah! You mean diabetes?”
Daly asked with a grin. Resk turned to him, scratched at his pink beard, and hesitated.
“…You mean, eating too much sugar and developing problems? We call it Callisic. Fascinating. Luan didn’t get enough time to tell us all about Earth. So you Earth-Tallfolk have figured out problems like that, too? Amazing!”
Amazing? All the Tallfolk gazed at Resk in awe, then Paige broke out of her stupor. She scooped up the strings Resk had enchanted.
“Wait a second. Alchimagus Resk, you know about medical conditions like that?”
The Alchimagus was insulted.
