8.76 B
Page 55
The first fires were lit by nightfall. A kind of madness that would destroy Talenqual’s future as well as Paeth’s. Luan Khumalo saw thousands of protesting Lizardfolk shrinking back as a Gorgon roared at them, trying to argue with the fires.
“Madness. Fucking…”
Daly Sullivan watched as well. He turned to the others, Kessice, Noa, Resk—and realized Cotm’s intelligence, the other plans were going awry. They were all marching towards a crossroads.
“What—what do we do?”
Kirana looked uncertainly from the Fraerlings to Luan. Ken was hesitating, staring up at Fezimet’s tower. Could he negotiate his way out of this one?
Could Luan deliver anything like hope to Paeth? If Geneva Scala were here…Daly nodded to himself, and everyone turned to him. Sometimes, yes, sometimes it fell to this. Just like he’d thought.
“Time to make a choice, everyone. Fight or flee—if we can flee. Count our allies and think really carefully. Then we take a stand and draw a line in the sand.”
The fires licked higher, and Daly watched as they spread. Paeth on the Coast watched as the fires drew closer. Ah, now the coin dropped. They boarded their evacuation vessel and opened their emergency stores. All those contingencies you made, the plans you thought, in the back of your mind, you’d never use?
It was time.
The Tallfolk were coming.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I have been plagued by spotty internet while writing this one. It made my job super-frustrating.
I’m…somewhat recovered from that seven-day marathon? We’re into Baleros and I am on-target for my plans. But I’ll let you know after next chapter, the last of the month, where I think we are.
Let me know how you found this one. From Terandria to Baleros…there is a plan. But I’m not a Gnome. I think.
Gnomes are cool. I don’t see many in the stories I’ve read but I don’t read as many modern tales anymore. I should get back to reading as much as writing, but maybe after Volume 8. For now, thanks for reading. One more chapter before my break! Yay! Celebrate for me.
 
Diplomacy by onion little!

 
Merila by pkay!
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/peekay



Fraerling Distress (Cotm, Resk, Kessice, and poor Noa) commissioned by Linnet, by ArtsyNada!


Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/illudanajohns/
Ko-fi: https://ko-fi.com/illudanajohns
Commission info: https://i.imgur.com/OmNDuK8.jpg










 

