8.76 B
Page 11
In fact, Resk, as an Alchimagus, often catered to their whims.
“It’s not just enchanting crossbows. Oh no. I cannot tell you how many Polymorph Potions I have to brew for Tallguard holidays. And there’s always some idiot who doesn’t stay in the confined zone and goes out as a bird and gets winged by some citizen.”
“P-polymorph potions?”
Resk nodded.
“Yep. It gets boring. I tried turning myself into an ant, a doggo-thing, even a cat…Fraerling-sized, obviously. It’s so hard to walk with four legs. And what’s the point? Smelling exactly how bad everything is? Flying? With wings? I’ll hover, thank you.”
He shuddered.
“That’s the biggest Allotment expense I have to cater to. Mind you, we can afford shapeshifting alchemy reagents. Someone who wants a permanent shapeshift to be a different identity has to join a queue. There’s also, uh, Potions of Ecstasy, but I’m not delving into that one, and I think we banned them two years ago. Children sometimes petition for things like Potions of Firebreath, but that’s a bad idea…what?”
He looked around and saw the Earthers staring at him. Paige sat down, and the Fraerlings realized that Resk had won the war. Some things that Earth wanted were realized in Fraerlings.
But the one thing Fraer-folk would never have…was a world ruled by one species. Not that they were necessarily dreaming of conquest, but Fraerlings were not the dominant species by far. Anything from a hamster on up was a threat. And that was why they’d come. Daly extended a finger, and Noa fist-bumped the tip.
“We could use your aid in getting everything Paeth wants. Hopefully to keep hidden!”
She beamed at them all, but the expression slipped as Kessice glanced towards a window.
“I know it might be a lot, but I hope you will keep our secret. Not that you know where we are exactly. Luan does…but we trust him. We need to hurry, though. If Paeth is found—we can stop a hundred Tallfolk. Or even a thousand. However, an army destroyed Oierdressql.”
Everyone sombered, and Luan nodded.
“You have our help. Anything we can do—we’ll do. Right?”
He looked around, and Daly, Ken, Aiko, Kirana, Paige, and Siri nodded instantly. The Fraerlings smiled, but they were worried smiles. Noa beamed up at Luan, on the adventure she always wanted. Kessice was reserved, wary, but trusting enough. Resk? He looked around and shook his head.
“Not like home at all. I’m sure you’re all very happy. But I always thought being taller meant you’d be happier.”
That was all he said. It was such a silly comment that no one responded to it. A comment fitting of a sheltered Fraerling. Taller? Whyever would that make life better? There was always something or someone bigger.
 
——
 
Daly Sullivan, no relation to Cara O’Sullivan, left the Fraerlings to secure a safe spot to rest and left Luan to actually lie down. The newly-minted Courier had rowed an amazing race just that morning, survived a shipwreck at sea, and swam to shore after all.
“That guy isn’t Human. He’s a monster.”
Siri nodded. They’d both noticed how the [Athlete] had kept up with the Bushrangers and how he’d never been exhausted…physically, that was. Luan had the kind of physique you saw on television.
Actually…not. He only showed anything like a six-pack when he was super-dehydrated. Daly still thought Luan was more in shape than even Gold-rank adventurers. Hell, probably even Named-rank.
