8.76 B
Page 41
Resk grew serious as Noa looked up from lifting a giant teaspoon of ice cream to her face. Aiko handed her a napkin, and the Tallguard smiled up at her.
“Inside? Oh, that’s a question that every single Fraerling has speculated on since they were first given to us. No one knows what’s in Paeth’s box. But each one is different. And…The Last Box can’t be opened until every puzzle is solved.”
Now that sounded…ominous. The Humans looked at Resk.
“So you have no idea what’s in there. No one’s tried using force?”
Resk lifted a few fingers.
“Indestructible, immovable—unless you know exactly how. They don’t even seem magical. You can waste Skills on them and nothing works. Not that it’s wise to try. We don’t exactly want to destroy our Last Boxes, you know. Not every city has them; only First Foundings do.”
“You keep mentioning Paeth’s one of those. That means an original city?”
“A descendant, yes. It means it has a Last Box. That’s all. So Paeth falling is as terrible as Oierdressql…but it also means that if it falls, someone will have to retrieve the Plans, no matter the risk. As for opening it—do you know the sixth continent of Tiernas? The Continent of Glass, built by peoples of every race?”
Luan shook his head. Resk’s face was somber.
“Well, to my knowledge, The Last Box was only ever opened…or perhaps cracked? Once. [Archmages] and corrupt Fraerlings on Tiernas conspired to open it. Geniuses of every class, to force open all the knowledge.”
“And what happened?”
Paige whispered. Resk looked around gravely.
“…Do you see Tiernas anymore?”
The entire room went silent with deep unease. Resk gazed into Luan’s eyes—and started laughing. Noa fell over the bowl, and Kessice rubbed at her eyes.
“Just kidding! No, Tiernas died for completely other reasons. No one’s ever opened one. Can’t be done. [Archmages] loved to try.”
Fraerlings. Luan exhaled hard as Daly laughed and Siri crossed out a note, looking amused. She turned to Resk.
“But Tiernas did exist, then?”
“Of course it—once this is over, I’ll get a history book and bring it back, alright? The things you don’t know.”
Frankly, Resk had done a lot of illuminating to Luan. The Last Box was one of those big mysteries, but Luan had only one more, burning question.
“You’ve really answered all our questions, Resk. Can I ask one last thing? What…does Signim do?”
All three Fraerlings looked up, and here Resk hesitated.
“Oh. Signim. Well…that’s tricky. You are a friend of the city, but if you don’t know…hm.”
“He’s a friend! Come on, Resk. It’s not like the Titan doesn’t have them. In fact—”
Noa was giddy on her sugar rush and beaming around. She began to speak, and Kessice was there. She grabbed Noa.
“Excuse me, everyone. Noa, come here.”
“But I—”
“Right now. By the Gnomes…”
She dragged Noa away, and the younger Tallguard lost her smile. Resk turned, but kept eating, and Kessice dragged Noa around a giant teapot on the table. Luan, exchanging looks with Aiko, Daly, Paige, Siri, and Kirana, heard two whispering voices.
Whispering…but Fraerlings had loud voices when they wanted, and the room was so silent it was fairly audible.
“Have you lost your mind, Noa? Signim are Tallguard secrets. They are not to be shared, even with Luan and his friends!”
“But we told them about Paeth and the rest—”
“That’s Resk recounting history. Not military secrets. I don’t care how much of a friend you think you are with Luan, you are endangering us all and I expect you to be professional. Resk is a city-Fraerling, but you’re treating this like some big game when everyone’s life is on the line.”
