8.76 B
Page 30
Cotm stared up at a giant plate of metal made of orichalcum and mithril taller than he was. He looked at Ilekrome and saw the two rings and long, coiled string of enchanted metal. He shook his head.
“I need to take it to Feiland and teleport out to Talenqual.”
“Teleport this? Are you mad?”
Ilekrome’s eyes popped. The ring and maybe even bowstring would fit in Cotm’s bag of holding, but his wasn’t large enough to carry the metal plate. Cotm folded his arms.
“Not mad, Enchanter. I need teleportation. A few [Mages] could do it.”
“We can’t do it! We’re busy using every mage to locate the Tallfolk—”
“Three days, Enchanter. In three days.”
Ilekrome stopped raving. He lowered his hands and some of his hair, which he’d actually torn out, and hesitated.
“Oh. We can do three days. Carry on.”
Cotm nodded and studied his bribes for the [Strategists]. If they didn’t pull out everything, he would personally shoot that Drake.
“Can I find the Tallguard’s [Quartermaster], Smith Rittl? I need to pull more gear.”
The [Master Smith] smiled at Cotm.
“Making Tallfolk friends?”
“More like making them fight each other.”
The [Smith] laughed. He slapped Cotm on the shoulder.
“That’s proper Tallguard fighting! We have a headquarters here; I’ll let you rest. Three days? We could have waited on the gifts! Ah, well.”
“I’ll teleport out tomorrow if I can. One of them—a Centauress—might be able to make it back in a day. There’s no time to waste.”
Rittl nodded. He gestured at the gear.
“Bribes? Tallfolk don’t have that kind of magic.”
Cotm nodded. It wasn’t what Kissilt wanted, but it was enough to really impress him and keep him hungry. Cotm would promise him more if Paeth survived.
But what the Drake would get was a ring of [Invisible Fireball], [Deepwood Barkskin]—powerful protection and offensive spells that Cotm thought would go to the Drake and Umina. Especially since the Lizardgirl put herself in danger.
The bowstring was obviously for Marian. She could get a bow made—and the [Bowyers] would actually kill him if he ordered it—if she saved Paeth.
Each gift was practical and meant to make the [Strategists] use everything they had. The final gift was actually meant for the one who had been most reticent to call upon his resources.
Rittl nodded at it.
“What’s this last one? Too small by far even to be called a buckler. For us, it’s a giant shield, but you didn’t want handles or anything. I didn’t know why. But I’m guessing the edges are the clue.”
Cotm had ordered them beveled slightly and given an interior edge to clasp something hard. You could lock it into place with a solid, simple mechanical connection. Even a Tallfolk [Smith] could probably work it out. He nodded at it.
“One of my Tallfolk that I need to bribe is a native of Baleros. Want to guess which?”
Rittl looked back sharply at the metal piece. He narrowed his eyes. It looked like a rough heart, minus the divot in the middle. A shield-like plate of curved metal that would go perfectly in…Rittl snapped his fingers.
“Genius. Dullahan!”
It was a bit of metal that you could easily socket into a suit of armor. Dullahans normally wanted all of their armor to be one plate, but if you put an orichalcum metal over your heart, say, you have a nigh-unbreakable bit of metal protecting a vital organ. And the envy of every Dullahan who saw it.
“You get to make more. A gauntlet or something if we save Paeth.”
Rittl grumbled.
“Making each finger will take me a week! It’s one thing to make a sheet of it—we’ll do it. Make sure that Dullahan brings something to the table.”
“Oh. He will.”
