8.76 B
Page 18
But Bastiom was still someone with levels and Skills. Before he could become a focused target, he charged across the battlefield with the veterans. Quallet ordered a full-charge after the War Walker and saw him fighting Metoish.
Give credit to the Medusa—she dodged the first terrible swing of the axe, avoided the shield, even dodged a [Flash Blow] during Bastiom’s [Rampage Run].
She backed up from Bastiom as he whirled, screaming at her forces to climb him and bring him down! Bring him down! The Medusa backed up—straight into the Dullahan veterans. One hit her with a [Dizzying Shieldbash], and she stopped just long enough for that axe to come down.
That was the end of the engagement, and Quallet reported his victory to the amazed and relieved employers who were as good as their word when it came to pay. Bastiom’s presence probably wasn’t necessary; you had to have a good reputation, and Quallet might turn into a bigger problem than Metoish if he weren’t paid.
However, no one argued over their contract when he stood there. Bastiom was the first War Walker that Quallet hired, and the cheapest by far.
The Centaurs from the Roving Arrow company came later. And the other War Walker a month after that.
 
——
 
Most Centaurs from the Roving Arrow Company wouldn’t get near Gravetender’s Fist for fear of retribution. Quallet would have spit on them or done worse if they’d asked to enlist.
Except for, perhaps, one group that had also demanded a ceasefire. Guess which Centaur group asked if Quallet wanted a group of archer-specialists?
The very same ones that had demanded Geneva Scala’s aid in rescuing their [Captain] came to hire on. But not every story was a neat one; the Dullahans almost resigned when they heard Quallet had employed them, and it took a visit to Talenqual and Ken’s diplomacy to keep them happy.
Also…the male Centaur leading his reduced band was their leader. Not the female [Captain] that Quallet remembered. The same woman who Geneva had worked so hard to save had died in the fighting after it resumed.
That was a mercenary’s lot. However, Quallet took the Centaurs on, and they fought in far fewer life-or-death battles. With a War Walker and so many veteran fighters, Quallet could literally earn money from guard-duty.
As in, he could garrison a town or occupy a location and dare another company to attack. You could get paid for that kind of guard-duty, although it could escalate. But a War Walker?
Monster hunts were now available. Yes, a Hydra was a terrible threat, and Bastiom could not take one on alone without considerable danger. But he was all too happy to charge with a bunch of soldiers pinning the Hydra down and begin hacking.
The second War Walker was almost inevitable after the first. Quallet had not studied War Walker economics, but he learned that War Walkers tended to join companies if they heard one of their own was there and happy.
Companionship. So Quallet was now fielding two War Walkers, expert Centaurs, Dullahans, and he kept growing; success was like a mudball rolling downhill. It picked up momentum and speed.
And he owed it all to the United Nations company and Geneva Scala. Quallet knew it. That…was an odd feeling. He didn’t just ‘owe’ them for Bastiom and the Centaur [Captain], Ekeroof, either.
Quallet began getting veteran [Mercenaries], even smaller groups reaching out and asking if he was affiliated with the Last Light of Baleros. Those cured of the Yellow Rivers or seeking employment gravitated towards Gravetender’s Fist for that dream.
