8.76 B
Page 10
The Tallguard looked sympathetically at the Eathers. The Earthers…began to look a bit stung.
Luan was not, because he’d seen the inside of a Fraerling city and seen citizens casually flying around thanks to their city-wide enchantments. He had seen their Crelerbane forces, garbed in Adamantium armor. And they had made his scull, which could let an amateur beat the fastest man or woman on Earth by sheer virtue of the magic.
But he understood the Earthers wanting to say they had something Fraerlings did not. Like a worldwide industry! Airplanes! Television! And Fraerlings did lack that. Tallfolk also had a lot more of what they had. But Fraerlings did have magic.
“Listen. Fraerlings are alchemy-magic experts. We fall behind on metalworking and your electronics, it seems. But we follow the Architect’s plans, and they came from Gnomes. Gnomes, the greatest inventors of any age. We follow their plans. So yes—props to your flying machines. I can cast [Levitate]. Your interwebs and this smart-phone truly do impress me. But Fraerling cities still sound nicer than yours.”
Kessice and Siri were arguing over who had better what. It turned out Siri, who came from Sweden, had some patriotic pride. Mostly around the quality of living. They were trading arguments.
“We have moving pictures.”
“So do we. It’s called art. We—oh. You mean movie things. Well…we could do that with illusion magic!”
Resk coughed behind Kessice.
“Nope. Definitely not on-demand. Even if we charted out an entire ‘movie’, mass-producing that sounds like a pain. We could probably do one spot…”
“Shut up, Resk. We have literature. Plays! That’s this concept where we have a fictional world, Miss Siri, and…”
“We have plays too! And we can communicate across the world with the internet.”
“Really? Well—we could do that if it weren’t dangerous! What do Tallfolk do for fun? Count your cabbages you grow?”
“How about karaoke, or going on trips, or swimming by the beach? We can travel anywhere in the world.”
“If you have enough money.”
Siri glared at Daly, and he retreated. Kessice looked at Noa and Resk, who refused to wade in.
“Well…well…we have giant monsters larger than we are! Most Fraerlings can’t leave our cities, it’s true.”
“So Earth is better! Safer! Sort of.”
“Yeah, well—”
Kessice spluttered. She turned to Resk, as did Noa.
“Resk!”
He jumped and nearly stopped trying to eat a cube of paneer as large as his stomach. He looked quite happy and hesitated when he saw Kessice glaring.
“Yes?”
“You’re from Paeth proper. What do you do for fun?”
He hesitated.
“After my job? Well…if I were in a relationship, I’d probably go home, kiss someone, ask my child what they learned in school, and pet my aphid or something. Since I would rather die—I would socialize with some friends, go for a walk in the park, swim—”
“Wait, you have indoor pools?”
Resk shrugged.
“Indoor seas, yes. They double as our backup water supply. Don’t worry—it’s purified. You should see the sunbathing on the canopy level. Libraries…I have a huge book collection. I suppose it really comes down to what you’re willing to spend your Allotment on for the real entertainment. Tallguard get a huge amount when they vacation, and I have seen things.”
He shuddered. Noa and Kessice hesitated.
“What’s Allotment?”
Daly asked and had to be told what the Fraerling’s magical allowance was to keep themselves hidden. Everyone got a stipend per week, and they could ‘give’ some of theirs to big projects in votes or use it individually. Tallguard, as valuable members, got large amounts to spend.
