8.76 B
Page 39
Geneva Scala had won a lot of goodwill for her clinic and work in the city. Everyone from their [Landlady], Miss Hastel, to a lot of the general citizenry were on the Humans’ side.
However—Fezimet was the least of Luan’s concerns. His army was a lot more important. Daly himself had stopped by after arming the Bushrangers with the newest Fraerling-enchanted technology. He’d tried them out on Stelbore, the tough-as-nails creatures that the Bushrangers couldn’t kill.
Luan remembered Daly telling him about that encounter where the Stelbore had shrugged off the crossbows. Luan had lent him the one Paeth had made, and Resk had enchanted the rest to be far more deadly.
Dawson was still raving about it as Daly let himself in.
“We hit them so hard that every crossbow bolt shattered, but they felt it. We’re going to need to use steel from now on! I aimed at this bird a thousand feet up or something, and guess what I’ve got to eat, Kirana!”
“…Did you get it plucked? How old is that, Dawson?”
The young man spluttered.
“Nevermind that, I guess. We also just sold an entire Stelbore to the [Butcher], and we’re eating pork tonight! We were hitting it, but like I said, we still couldn’t break through its hide. Then Daly pulls out the crossbow Luan gave him, and one shot—!”
Straight through the eyes. Daly offered the crossbow back.
“I tried to find the enchanted bolt, but I think it went all the way through and into the earth.”
“Keep it for now. I’ll get it back when I’m on a delivery.”
All these weapons. Luan had not ever wanted to be a [Soldier], but it was inevitable. Paeth was in danger, and yet everyone still gathered around to talk with the Fraerlings.
Because they were so…fascinating. Noa had been given a bunch of fat, purple grapes, and she was stacking them in a pile as she yanked them off the sprig that Resk was holding. She sliced one in half, and Resk ate it. They were as large as watermelons for the Fraerlings, so he held it up and took big bites.
Noa used the biggest grape as a stool. She bounced on it, delighted, as Resk frowned.
“The Last Box? That’s confidential…but I suppose it can’t hurt to give the basic details. You know what the Architects do, don’t you?”
“Follow the plan the Gnomes gave you? Fucking Gnomes. Are you sure they’re dead?”
Paige looked heartbroken at the thought. Resk sighed.
“To my knowledge, the last ones died on Baleros long, long ago. All we have are records.”
“Why? Don’t tell me something got them.”
“Got…oh, you mean like the other species? Harpies are mostly extinct, Halflings and Jinn. Spiderfolk died out thanks to Centaurs winning that nasty war. I hope we still have Minotaurs?”
“We still have Minotaurs.”
Resk sighed.
“Good. Good. Well, Gnomes didn’t get wiped out by any one species if that’s what you’re asking. Elves did die out completely.”
“Wait, you know Elves?”
“They definitely existed. But if you’re asking for exact records…we don’t have much. Almost every First Founding city in existence was destroyed at one point, and records are patchy. They existed—and slowly became half-Elves. Genetics, you know? Elves can only produce Elves if they co-mingle. And there weren’t any left. So you have half-Elves who always create more half-Elves…it’s like Dwarves.”
Luan itched to write this down. But he didn’t—mainly because Siri was already taking notes. Daly noticed and nudged her.
“Hey Siri, write this d—goddamnit, Siri.”
