8.76 B
Page 5
Guidance Heish was young, a popular Fraerling voted into her role by Paeth’s citizens as the Architects, the leaders of a Fraerling city, were. She was beloved, progressive, something something—Ekrn didn’t care. Inner-Fraerling politics didn’t matter to the Tallguard that much, but he had to work with Heish.
He was glad she wasn’t a complete fool, as some Fraerlings were, who had no idea of the outside world. Heish had actually failed out of Tallguard training—not really a black mark. If anything, Ekrn had more respect for her than the others. Tallguard training was intense.
“I don’t believe the Titan was that careless, Ekrn. I don’t think he knows the exact locations of so many settlements.”
“Oh, then we’re all suddenly under attack purely as coincidence?”
Heish gave Ekrn a frown, and he moderated his tone slightly. The Sentry Leader adjusted his bandolier and checked his weapons purely out of habit. Even here he went armed; the shortsword-crossbow combo was standard across most Tallguard scouts. Along with a panoply of other Fraerling-quality artifacts, which meant real magic. Grappling hooks, boots that let you stick to what you touched, enchanted armor—Fraerlings had magic Tallfolk didn’t dream of.
However, for this trip, Ekrn hadn’t taken chances. Since he was the leader of Feiland, he had pulled out some weapons from their armory that were generally reserved for dire emergencies. So he had Vortex Bolts—which generated tiny fractures in space that tended to kill whatever they hit—and he’d upgraded his Shortsword of Lightning—which gave most big creatures a damn good jolt on every strike—to a Shortsword of Vampirism. Ekrn hated the feel of sucking life out of things, but it might be useful. His armor was likewise top notch, but the real deadly weapon he’d requisitioned was a ring on his finger.
It was perfectly blank, pale white, and made Ekrn itch while he wore it. Itch with nerves. He had triple-checked the manual on using it, but even so.
The Ring of Disintegration was the kind of weapon you only pulled out if you were going up against a Mothbear or something. True, it was a Fraerling-sized [Disintegration] spell, but that was Tier 6 magic.
Heish probably had no idea what Ekrn was wearing. She had been given a sword and crossbow for the journey, along with significant protective artifacts, and she had been given a Sword of the Dancer.
In short, a sword you pulled out, tossed into the air, and watched as it cut your foes while you hid behind a bit of bark or something. Credit where credit was due…Ekrn would have taken one as well if it wouldn’t have put him over his magical interference threshold.
“If Niers Astoragon didn’t know where the Fraerling settlements were, why are they under attack?”
Ekrn turned to Heish, and the Guidance shrugged.
“I don’t know. But he didn’t know where Paeth was, only the general region. We’re not allied with him; we’re friendly. We didn’t tell him where we were, and I very much doubt Feiland did.”
“Us? Never! But one of the previous Architect groups probably…”
“Sentry Leader Ekrn. I don’t insult Feiland. Give us credit. We did not tell him where Paeth is. Not my group or any predecessors. Some things are too important to be fools about.”
Heish snapped, and Ekrn recoiled. He saw her glare and slowly ducked his head.
“Apologies, Guidance.”
“Taken well, Sentry Leader. Or is it Commander?”
“…Sentry Leader will do for now. We don’t have enough to fill the ranks. Is there any word from Paeth?”
