8.76 B
Page 51
What he missed was the efficiency of the Forgotten Wing Company. When Niers Astoragon said to do something, it was done. If it were not done, you were clearly a problem. Or the system was. Either way—that problem would not happen again, and it would be fixed.
When Peclir helped reorganize Jungle Tails, he’d keep that part. Even the leadership had admitted the old company had lost focus, hence their fall. Perhaps no one was more emblematic of that weakness than the nervous Quexal watching the scrying orb and Peclir.
The [Chamberlain] had stayed in Talenqual because Fezimet and the Featherfolk Brigade were incompetent. While everything else was going smoothly…
“Setbacks, Commander Fezimet?”
Peclir stared out a window—and then walked back far out of the range of sight and any [Snipers]. He hadn’t gotten this far by being a fool.
“Come now, Peclir. This isn’t the time to discuss such matters. Jungle Tails has returned! I will put the banners over Talenqual!”
The Quexal was trying to be ingratiating. It stank to Peclir of excuses—something Niers didn’t tolerate. The [Chamberlain] refused to be distracted.
“Your forces have slowed their search in the jungle. Why? Paeth must be found and taken.”
Fezimet was a Quexal with feathered wings, gloriously radiant scales…and no actual hands. He twisted up around himself nervously, but there was also a good bit of annoyance as he replied. He did not like a Human talking down to him.
“We…have encountered forces who are attacking our lead elements. Centaurs, Lizardfolk, Dullahans—even Drakes.”
“The [Strategists]. And you haven’t killed them…why?”
Peclir knew Umina, Marian, Cameral, and Kissilt had been here. He’d even told Fezimet who his opponents were. The Quexal spread his wings defensively.
“Peclir, it is not my business to gainsay a representative of Jungle Tails, but you do not understand war as well as I, a [Mercenary]. They are striking from nowhere. Falling back—it is classic guerrilla tactics.”
The [Chamberlain] looked at Fezimet.
“I understand strategy. I served the Titan under guise. You are a company forty thousand strong. You have deployed less than six thousand into the jungle.”
And they were searching for Paeth tree-by-tree. In a rather simple way: they hit a tree with an axe, and if it could be damaged, they marked it and moved on. It was how they’d found Oierdressql. Fraerlings would begin to attack once they got too close.
Peclir was willing to let Fezimet employ that rather stupid tactic, but the raids were taking the Featherfolk Brigade to a standstill.
“By rights, you should have twenty thousand soldiers combing the forest. Paeth is not without means. Before Fraerlings organize—and they will—you must bring it down.”
Paeth was important. It was a First Founding, and Peclir knew what that meant. The agents sent to the Forgotten Wing Company had been tasked with finding more First Foundings—but at the least, buying time for this one to vanish.
Fezimet bit back something and responded, a touch more curtly.
“Hah. You say these things lightly, [Chamberlain]. But you should know of all people—yes, the Featherfolk Brigade are mighty! And yes, we may be forty-three thousand strong, but we control Talenqual and the entire region. My company are the Watch in part, army, enforcers, judges…we patrol roads, occupy strong points, fight bandits. I can’t just muster them all, and I sent you several thousand of my finest.”
He reminded Peclir sulkily. The [Chamberlain] didn’t snap back deliberately.
