8.76 B
Page 16
Quallet was an old hand at this. He’d chosen to retreat and divide up, inviting the One-Eyed Bastards to come play. The vanguard under Metoish did well and pushed Quallet’s forces, but those without her magical gaze ate crossbow bolts…then learned to ambush Quallet and nullify his ranged advantage.
Two weeks of fighting in a running war, and Quallet was grimly counting costs. He could recover arms, and soldiers were cheap to replace; you could always find volunteers. But if they didn’t get Metoish or she won…
This was when it happened the first time. Someone walked into Quallet’s tent, muddy from fighting, with a slight hobbling gait. Quallet looked up and saw Quexa.
She was a Lizardgirl [Sorcerer]. One of the survivors of the ill-fated contract he’d taken where he met the [Doctor], the beginnings of the United Nations company, and put aside the suppression company work for the life of a full mercenary commander.
However, she’d elected to stay with his company, and he’d taken her on and let her command Lizardfolk in his forces. Quexa was now his [Sorcerous Captain]. Not a bad class, if slightly generic.
“Tell me Metoish hasn’t received reinforcements.”
A weary Quallet stared at Quexa as he tried to find a way to encircle Metoish on the map. The ever-optimistic Lizardgirl just gave him a big, tooth-filled grin.
Since he was a Balerosian swamp-lad who’d rubbed shoulders with Lizardfolk all his life, and Dullahans too, Quallet took that as a good sign.
“Nothing like that, boss. Just a quick question. Um…do you want to hire a War Walker?”
Quallet’s face went slack.
“Do I want to hire…”
Quexa hurriedly raised her claws.
“Sorry! I misspoke, commander.”
“Ah, of course. Not a War Walker.”
Maybe a Dullahan on the way to becoming one, changing their armor up as they grew and grew. Quexa leaned on her good foot; the other was a peg-leg. If they ever became famous, Quallet had promised to buy her a magical prosthesis and damn the cost.
“Do you want a free War Walker, boss? No hiring fee? And about fifty veteran Dullahans?”
Quallet Marshhand had one of those faces that reacted to surprise by turning stony. Rather appropriate given his current foe. As Quexa waited, he was aware this might be a prank.
There was a way with Lizardfolk to make sure this was not a stupid game—and they’d play stupid tricks at any time, even during a siege.
“Swear to Nagas?”
Quexa instantly touched her chest.
“Swear to Nagas. It’s real, boss. I had to check myself…but just come and see. They’re with Xor on the rear.”
Xor had rearguard duty since he’d been injured. The [Sergeant] had promoted himself to [Captain], but he’d fallen behind Quexa, ironically. Still, he was a stoic, good fellow…and currently in awe as he held his head up to address the giant figure patiently kneeling in their camp.
One look explained it all. Quallet Marshhand saw a familiar War Walker and familiar Dullahans too. He stopped, and the War Walker instantly rose and placed his head on his shoulders.
“Commander Marshhand. I am Bastiom. If you would hire my fellow Dullahans and I, we would fight under your banner. We came together, not apart.”
The Dullahans turned, and Quexa nudged Quallet. He just looked up, and it all came flooding back.
This was Bastiom, a giant of metal. Unlike half-Giants who were flesh, Dullahans were part-metal, part people. Like crabs—a comparison that would earn you a punch if you made it—they wore armor over their vulnerable insides.
