8.76 B
Page 7
Resk looked up as Noa dangled her legs on the mana potion and scooped out a big cupful from the giant bottle, taller than she was, with a ladle. Resk crooked a finger, and the ladle and potion floated over and he sipped from it. Tallguard Kessice, the last of the three, kept writing down notes as she stood over a giant map of Baleros.
Paige, Luan, Ken, Daly, Aiko, Kirana, and Siri looked down as Resk exhaled after draining the entire draft of mana potion. He made a face, grimaced, and wiped at his mouth with a sleeve.
“Phaugh. What was that, watery Sage’s Grass? I need another cup, Noa. Hmm? Young woman, what do you mean, time limit? It’s a mithril enchantment. Lasts until you cut the string or something. Good to put on your crossbows. I’d enchant the wood, but it’s too much for a non-specialist.”
Paige’s mouth fell open. Noa peered upwards and realized she could have walked into Paige’s mouth if she ducked a bit. She gave the Tallfolk much the same look as they were giving her.
Wonder, shock, awe, and on Luan’s face, a delight in sharing their existence. For their part, the Fraerlings were nervous. Kessice especially seemed like she was on pins and needles, for all she was playing it cool. Noa was elated. And Resk?
Resk just looked amazed as he poked at something floating in his second ladle of mana potion.
“It’s a bit of magemint. Just…a giant bit of it. Floating here. Disgusting. Unground, poor-quality, and I just bet the water isn’t even purified—thank you for the hospitality! I’m sure you don’t even notice what you’re drinking.”
He beamed around at the Tallfolk and fooled exactly no one, including himself. Resk looked embarrassed, amused, and perturbed. He stared around the room that everyone was crowded into, a bit too warm in the Balerosian heat, even in the fall, and distinctly hotter from the shut doors and windows.
That was as secure as the United Nations company could get for Luan to show his friends to his people. They had been amazed he was alive, but to even show Noa and the others, Resk had elected to cast several privacy wards.
Now, he waved a hand, and a gust of cold air blew from him, cooling the room down. The Alchimagus shook his head.
“Wood walls. I mean…decent wood. Looks lovely. Unenchanted wood walls, dirt streets…not a single mage-light I saw. And your windows don’t have glass? I thought Tallfolk cities were—different.”
He was trying to be diplomatic and failing. Noa glowered at Resk, but he didn’t really notice. He was from Paeth and, unlike Tallguard, had no understanding of the outside world.
Ironically, that meant that he was on the same level as the Earthers. Daly just rested his head on his arms, blinking like a boy.
“Fuck me. Am I dreaming? Pinch me, Siri.”
She stomped on his foot, but lightly, and he yelped. Kessice looked at him warily, and Daly held up a hand.
“Sorry! I’m…what’s the name for them? I’ve seen giant serpents and monsters and zombies, but this is…wow.”
“Lilliputians.”
Paige muttered. Noa frowned at her. She’d heard of Luan’s fairytales of small people and resented the comparison. Yet Resk was just nodding.
“And I, young man, have heard of your world, and I must say, it was more what I was expecting. Roads of stone, glass and metal…not too far from Fraerling cities, the big ones at least. We have lifting tubes and farspeakers. You have—what did you call it? Air conditioning? We have cooling spells. This city is…well, I suppose I didn’t realize we were near a provincial town.”
