8.76 B
Page 27
Fraerlings had gone to prison for that. Also, the voting this year had been contentious around the ‘magi-limb’ issue. That was the trend of young people replacing body parts with magical prostheses even if they didn’t need them.
Guidance Heish’s election had come over a much less progressive candidate, who had been about to ban all non-critical augmentations. And then there was…
Well. City politics. But Fraerling city politics. That a full First Founding settlement like Paeth didn’t qualify for Paradise-status was only because the rest of the world had no idea what they were like.
And moments like these, when every life was in jeopardy. Paeth was in true danger, and all those old worries and arguments…seemed so small.
Right now, the yearly Allotment was being burned through on a daily basis, and all their stockpiled nullifiers were being used to keep Paeth hidden. Fraerlings were not using their Allotment for personal gain; all the magic was needed for real issues.
Like [Geomancers] currently shaping hundreds, thousands of homes in the stone for people who needed housing. [Druids], [Farmers], and other sectors of agriculture doubling stocks. They were also harvesting animals and plants nearby, but the greatest use of magic was going to the manufacturing.
Alchemy, magic…and steel. All three major sectors were working around the clock.
Producing arms for a war.
The Tallguard had equipment, but the regular security in Paeth used stun-batons, paralysis-enchanted gear. Now? They were producing attack wands, crossbows, weapons designed for use against big opponents.
It was one of the smithies that got Cotm’s order ahead of his arrival. A [Master Smith] turned.
“A Tallguard wants what?”
“Two rings and a bowstring. Mithril. Oh, and you’ve got to pull whatever you have. Adamantium or truegold. He wants…”
The [Smith] got a request for an odd shield-pattern design in metal. He rubbed his face, then turned.
“Cats and cockroaches damn it! That’s more mithril than—does he have to have mithril?”
“No…it’s for a bow. A Tallfolk bow.”
That got the [Smith]’s attention. He bent over the further, more comprehensive description and grunted.
“Oh. Gear for Tallfolk? Are we working with more than just that Giant? Luan?”
The messenger hesitated.
“I don’t know, but the Architects approved it. It’s priority.”
“Well—we can do the rings. They’re just bases.”
The [Smith] dismissed that at once. The [Enchanters] just wanted two rings that could hold the magic. He whistled.
“Hey! Get two rings set up. Big. Tallfolk. Pull out the molds and fill them with something. Uh…uh…Burnished Ruby and maybe just pure magicore for the other.”
“That means we have to lacquer the other one. With what?”
One of the junior [Smiths] groaned. The [Master Smith] snapped back.
“Quartz. It’s enchantable. Just get it done. Now…halt the main press! I have an order! We’re making mithril-alloy!”
The thing about Fraerling [Smiths]…was that they tended not to hammer on things with other bits of metal. A huge, magical press stopped pounding raw metal and rose, steaming, as the Fraerling strode over to confer with the others to calibrate the smelter and smithy.
They had the closest thing Luan would ever find to a modern foundry—just magical. For instance, instead of a smelter with charcoal or something else providing the heat, the Fraerlings just created a sealed chamber and made it hot. It was akin to how Naq-Alrama smiths did their work. Although even Fraerlings thought that Tannousin were freaks about cleanliness.
