8.76 B
Page 38
“I just can’t imagine someone would act against our people. Fraerling settlements disagree, naturally, but traitors? Are you suggesting someone’s…selling us out?”
Giving away locations of Fraerling cities? The look of disbelief on her face was absolute. And naive, to Ekrn.
“Fraerling cities have made war against each other before.”
Heish spoke politely.
“…No.”
“Feiland’s records record it all. Paeth probably has some.”
“I’ve never seen any, even in our records—”
“Maybe the Architects didn’t like highlighting it. We’ve gone to war. If there is a traitor to the small here, it’s on us to find them.”
That was the problem with city-Fraerlings. With Tallfolk, too. Foliana might be the greatest [Rogue] on Baleros for all Ekrn knew. The Great Company could investigate the issue.
But they wouldn’t find the truth, even with truth spells. At least—their truth spells. Fraerlings could do all kinds of nasty things to truth stones, from evading the spell to disabling it and making it look like it was glowing.
High-tech vs low-tech. The irony of it wasn’t lost on Ekrn. Heish murmured as she checked her crystals.
“Let me see if I can find anything useful. I…have a lovely view of Elvallian. Meeting Commander Foliana, Perorn, those precious students, and our tour of the academy.”
“And absolutely none of other Fraerlings.”
Heish looked abashed.
“I have a few of our introductions, but no…that’s not the kind of thing I record. I’ll check my records.”
Ekrn nodded curtly.
“Do that. The Tallguard will escort you wherever you’re going from now on. Bathroom, walks—don’t leave their side.”
Heish frowned at Ekrn.
“That sounds paranoid. And what will you do?”
Ekrn checked his shortsword and ring. The activation word was buzzing in his mind. One word and it would be primed, ready to fire.
“If we have a traitor or an idiot, I’ll find them. I have a good idea where to start, too. I gave my crossbow to someone. I’m going to get it back.”
Heish watched as the Sentry Leader vanished into the Fraer-ways. She went back to her recording crystals, but after a second, put them aside.
Neither one was exactly a [Detective]. Heish couldn’t believe it herself. So she rose…and slipped out of her quarters as well. This was a matter for the small. Even Commander Foliana couldn’t help; she could hardly fit into the Fraer-ways, and she was so…obvious.
 
——
 
Fraerling secrets were hugely important. Their most important secrets were the locations of their homes. However, when they trusted you, or you just happened to make their acquaintance and they really needed your help, well, that was different.
Luan Khumalo thought the true binder between them that had won even Ekrn’s respect, was because it was a secret mutually shared.
He knew where Paeth was roughly. Paeth knew of Earth.
There were more secrets to be had, of course. Resk and Noa shared a few. They actually didn’t seem to think their high level of magical advancement was that secret. However, some things were still slightly confidential.
Like…The Last Box.
“What is that, exactly? A doomsday weapon?”
The United Nations company was a flurry of people moving about. Ken was meeting with Quallet and trying to talk Fezimet out of eviction. Word had spread about the United Nations Company leaving, and the Rustless Guard and Captain Eldima had formally protested the decision.
Some of the citizens of Talenqual were more expressive. Luan wondered if they were still throwing mud at the Featherfolk Brigade’s headquarters. Lizardfolk were quite direct; chase them away, and they’d be back again in minutes.
