8.76 B
Page 25
Guidance Heish, Ekrn, Kessice, and all the Tallguard had one of these. In fact, Kessice’s bracelet was moving in exact accordance with Cotm’s at this very moment. As was a series of stones in Feiland’s headquarters being monitored by a specialist.
Fraerlings were well aware that you could hack [Message] spells. They could cast long-range communication spells, but it was so damn risky, and their entire motive was secrecy. So they’d developed simple counters that even [Archmages] couldn’t easily hack.
One of them was…lodestones.
Lodestones were neat objects that moved in-sync with each other. The Titan himself had commissioned a board on that principle; when one piece moved, the other did likewise. Cotm’s bracelet was much less magical and thus less noticeable; it was just that when one of his stones moved, say, to a letter, two other lodestones moved with it.
Thus, what he was doing was moving each letter, then twisting the ‘confirmation’ stone to indicate that was the letter he wanted. It was slow, arduous…but Cotm could send a message back to headquarters. Or to allies. And he could use the bracelet in his sleep.
This was his message when written down:
 
Ctm stp. Retrieve reqst stp. Monitor stp. Friendly Tall stp.
 
‘stp’ was short for ‘stop’. The rest told Feiland who Cotm was, what he needed, and the situation.
By the time Marian put him down on a branch, Cotm was receiving a response. He hid his bracelet from her curious eyes.
“Three days. I’ll have something worth it. Make sure that Drake pushes the Featherfolk Company, got it? I’ll pay his price—and all three of yours. Whatever you can get—whatever you can call in without revealing yourselves openly, do it.”
“Very well. But do you need a Skill? We can’t trace you, and it’s safe.”
“Nope.”
Marian hesitated, but ducked her head and stepped back.
“Best travels, then.”
“Thanks.”
Cotm aimed his enchanted grappling hook upwards and caught a branch. He tensed as the enchanted hook caught—then felt it yank him upwards. He jumped in tandem, activating his boots’ jumping magic, and soared.
To the Centauress, it looked effortless as Cotm leapt upwards, before alighting on a branch just below the top. There, he deployed a camouflage spell to keep the damn birds from attacking him. Cotm had a crossbow drawn, and he checked his corners.
No evil caterpillars, no bugs, no horrible squirrels…clear. He saw the Centauress lifting a hand, watching him go.
She kept watching, incidentally, for a good minute…then two…before realizing Cotm wasn’t going anywhere. He sat, legs dangling on the branches, and washed his mouth out with some barley tea. Then he pulled out a snack, a bit of cheese that Umina had given him, and sat there.
“Um…are you waiting for light?”
It was dark in the forest, and Marian could well imagine nocturnal predators interfering with the Tallguard’s progress. Cotm replied.
“Nope.”
“Do you…okay. Er…should I go?”
“If you want. I won’t take long.”
Marian stood there, staring up at Cotm as he finished communicating with Kessice. Telling her ‘no’, he didn’t want to meet even though he was going to Talenqual.
The [Strategists] should not know he was there. Cotm had gone on his quest. Paeth had to be saved. So, he waited.
After another minute, Marian glanced over her shoulder and saw her fellow [Strategists] peeking out of the camp at her. She looked back to Cotm and blinked.
The semi-invisible Fraerling sitting on the branch looked up as he finished his cheese. A small…ring of light appeared around him. He held still and calmly looked down at Marian as her eyes grew wide.
