8.76 B
Page 21
Lizardfolk and Centaurs streamed through the forest, not bothering to do more than loot the fallen of potions and weapons and bags of holding if any carried them. They had to move fast.
Umina clung to Marian’s back, still sick, and the Centaur shuddered.
“Umina. Please tell me you’re not wiping your claws on my flanks.”
Umina stopped, guiltily, as she wiped the vomit off her mouth.
“…No? How’d we do—the ambush, I mean?”
“I think we lost one.”
A little voice spoke in both Marian and Umina’s earpieces—speaking stones. High-grade ones, but so tiny they had needed to attach them with sticky glue next to or in their ears. Earhole, in Umina’s case.
Fraerling magic. Umina was still spinning on that, but the ambush…
“Confirmed. You lost one.”
The Tallguard Fraerling was a serious fellow. Or was gloomy the word? He seemed depressed…when he wasn’t throwing up like Umina.
Apparently, Cotm was a Tallguard, a defender of Fraerling cities like Paeth, the very place that Umina and Marian were trying to protect by wiping out the Featherfolk Brigade’s scouts. Umina didn’t know where it was, and Cotm refused to even give them a rough area.
They were under attack; one city had fallen. He demanded their help as students of the Titan, and Umina and Marian had agreed. Cotm had taken a huge risk coming to them, but the Tallguard was resolved to die in defense of his city and stall the Featherfolk Brigade or keep them from finding the location.
He was not prepared to ride in defense of his home city, though, or row, or locomote in any other sense of the word. Cotm could maneuver through the trees like an airborne predator. He was a crack-shot with his crossbow.
And he threw up if you so much as jiggled him on top of a box while riding a wagon. The Fraerling hadn’t realized he got sick from vehicles either; he did not make a habit of riding Luan’s scull or Centaurs.
His voice, then, was slightly trembling as he went on.
“I…urp…didn’t detect any [Message] spells outgoing. And you assured me that’s all average Tallfolk [Mages] can cast.”
“You’re not a [Mage], though.”
The Tallguard [Arbalest] muttered under his breath.
“I have sensor artifacts. And I graduated Tallfolk basic camp.”
“…Which means?”
Umina and Marian exchanged a glance. Cotm hesitated.
“Basic magic training Tiers 1-3. Don’t Tallfolk have training camps? I thought you two were [Strategists].”
“Not Tier 3 magic for non-magic users!”
“Oh.”
Like other Tallfolk, and like other Fraerlings, there was a definite disconnect between what the others expected and what they got. However, unlike Resk, or Noa, or Kessice, Cotm just fell silent.
Kessice was his partner, and the [Ranger] was better at talking. Cotm wished she were here. The two giant female [Strategists] were whispering, and he heard them.
“…We didn’t account for the Naga charge. It’s not like practice.”
“But we mostly got them. We shouldn’t have led the encounter, but I have my bow and you have a wand…”
“Right. But we’re acting like Venaz. Next time, I’ll take up a sniping position with you.”
Cotm’s analysis was that the ambush was fine. It sucked, but it was fine. He tried not to throw up in a corner of the jolting pouch that bounced him up and down.
Tallguard ambushes would have them in the trees and planting trap spells in advance. But they had to be that precise. Cotm would happily sit in position for three hours rather than spend another ten minutes riding on Marian’s back. If Kessice were here, she’d be talkative. He was not, but he was still glad she wasn’t with him. He wished she were here and was glad she was not, if that made sense.
