8.76 B
Page 9
“Of course we do! Paeth is a modern city. Villages where Fraerlings are living out in the wild and banging hammers on metal to get steel might not be able to treat it, but even they have encyclopedias. Sometimes we get frontier-folk who make the trip back so our people can cure them.”
Luan sat there, accepting a bowl of reheated curry and a promise for a lot more food asap from Ken, and just enjoyed being alive. Learning about Fraerlings was his favorite.
They didn’t have time. Paeth was in danger. But, for a second—he just listened and realized that Fraerlings had advanced in technology—or rather magic—in ways Earth had yet to dream of. This was the magic he had come here for.
Paige and Resk were swapping terms for diseases and other phenomena like physics while the Fraerlings ate. If Geneva were here…well, even a layperson’s understanding was enough to shock Resk.
“We have no idea about atoms. Magic gets weird the smaller you go. Maybe that’s what our finest [Engineers], [Alchemists], and such stare at all day, but there’s all kinds of damn particles. Mostly magical. We can make sure something’s almost completely pure, though. Explain that thing again? Where your skin grows out of control?”
“Cancer.”
“Uh…ah, I know what you’re talking about. Overgrowth Syndrome. Occurs mostly naturally, but a few spells can cause it. And some damn rocks and monsters. Solved it.”
“Solved it?”
The Tallfolk chorused. Resk picked at his teeth.
“Yep. Same with your diabetes. Give me another.”
“I…that’s two of the biggest. What else? The Black Death? Herpes? The common cold?”
“We can cure the common cold. What, you can’t? I bet Tallfolk in this world can.”
Everyone turned to Aiko, who was a [Nurse] who helped Geneva. She shook her head.
“No…Geneva told me never to give someone a potion who had a cold. It makes it worse, sometimes.”
Resk slapped his knees.
“Healing potions you mean? Of course you can’t give that to—Eir-gel based potions are accelerants! Get yourself a purifying-based healing potion at once!”
He looked around.
“…You don’t have them, do you? Wait. Please tell me you know about basic sanitation?”
“We wash our hands, yes.”
“W-with soap?”
How low could you go with Tallfolk? Resk’s eyebrows, which, again, were pink like the rest of his hair, rose upwards and stayed there. He looked…incredulous.
“Let me understand you. You do have a level of machinery even we lack. You can fly without magic and have engines of oil. I suppose someone who can’t cast [Flight] finds a way—our top [Engineers] were raving about Luan’s concepts. But you didn’t bother to solve—hair loss? I went bald for a bit. Then I drank a tonic when I realized my head kept getting cold. I colored it pink too. Can you do that?”
The dream of balding men everywhere. Daly and Ken, who had a history of hair loss in their families, focused on Resk’s bountiful and styled hair. Paige, now on the defensive, pointed at her own hairline.
“We can dye our hair. I’ve done it a few times.”
“Dye?”
Even Kessice was incredulous as Paige explained the act of bleaching one’s hair and then proceeding to dye it—as if that were a natural thing. The Alchimagus slowly raised one hand.
“I drank a potion. My hair’s pink. All my hair. Forever. Want to check?”
Everyone stared at him, and he showed them his armpit. Pink. Resk began to look dismayed.
“I know your world lacks magic, and this one clearly suffered some disasters. Kessice, why are five cities missing?”
“Goblin King, probably. They were big ones, too. Tallfolk regularly suffer calamities.”
