8.76 B
Page 52
“Jungle Tails requested them, and you pledged yourself to their cause in response to their aid. If you cannot muster all forty thousand—then more than six. These [Strategists] cannot have more than a thousand in the jungle. Send eighteen thousand. Strip garrisons if you must; you can return them quickly.”
The Quexal lifted his tail like someone raising a finger hesitantly. He knew he was failing, but even so, he writhed.
“The cost of having eighteen thousand soldiers in the wild each day…”
“You will be reimbursed for all you’ve spent, Commander Fezimet. I’m sure you’re keeping a tally.”
Fezimet’s eyes flashed, but Peclir knew he was right. The thing was…Fezimet was clearly unwilling to mobilize so many for such an involved task. The expense would be high, and he…
He was hedging his bets. No mercenary liked unpaid work. He was supporting Jungle Tails, but just in case they failed…
Peclir decided enough was enough. Fezimet, like many commanders, took Peclir Im as the useful Human who’d removed the Titan, the useful traitor. Peclir walked over to Fezimet’s desk and leaned over it.
The Quexal swayed back, then held still, so close that the two could feel each other’s presence. He narrowed his eyes, but Peclir spoke directly to him.
“The Nagas know your name, and they know exactly how much you are contributing to Jungle Tails’ revival because I am here, Commander Fezimet. I am not a flunkie. I am giving you orders and watching you carry them out. Exactly how well you carry them out will be noted in my report.”
Fezimet’s eyes widened. He wavered between anger and obsequiousness and chose the latter swiftly.
“But Chamberlain Im—I am working as hard as I—you told me Paeth needed to fall, but we are making progress. Eighteen thousand, you said? I will muster as many as I can! Within the hour! Talenqual’s garrisons will send them out by nightfall, you have my word.”
He smiled in an oily way at Peclir, and the [Chamberlain] reflected that at least Fezimet was unlikely to have him assassinated. But he heard Peclir.
The [Chamberlain] was still a [Chamberlain]. And a good one at that. He knew how to manage people. That was the poison. Time for the nali-stick. He turned to the window and walked over to it. Like Fezimet would, staring down at Talenqual.
Peclir felt vaguely ridiculous, but he motioned Fezimet over, and the Quexal sulkily joined him. He seemed to perk up at the position of power over his city, and Peclir spoke.
“Paeth is more than one target. The leaders of Jungle Tails want it gone. Not just the Naga, but the top. Wyrmgraced themselves have conferred with Dragontouched and sent me to you, Fezimet.”
“Really? It’s that…important?”
Fezimet’s eyes lit up with curiosity, and Peclir nodded. He leaned over and murmured.
“I will share this—but Paeth’s technological insight is what Jungle Tails needs. You know how advanced they are.”
“Slightly more than we are. Yes, I suppose.”
Peclir did his best not to roll his eyes. Arrogance. That was another thing Niers tried to beat out of his subordinates—but not himself.
“Not just slightly, Fezimet. Hard as it may be to admit—no Lamia in Jungle Tails has a tenth of the knowledge that a Fraerling city like Paeth has. They have…something…there that will not only help put Jungle Tails back as a Great Company, but elevate it beyond all the others. Do you know that Fraerlings can change their forms like Lizardfolk? [Polymorph] spells. They have them when [Archmages] of today have forgotten.”
Fezimet’s eyes widened.
“R-really? And more magic like that? I can see…but they’re so small.”
Peclir shook his head.
