8.76 B
Page 4
Fraerlings, Niers’ people. Suppliers of Signim and assets that even other Great Companies lacked. Valuable, fragile allies. Damn Peclir. Did he have no morality? A single settlement would have hundreds of thousands, maybe millions? At least one had been wiped out. Perorn looked at Foliana.
“They want eight armies. Eight armies, each of which can repel a mid-sized company. I can’t spare that, even if we spread thin. You need to address their demands; I don’t even know where half are.”
Foliana exhaled. She looked…upset for the first time in that briefing. The Squirrel Beastkin tried to hide behind her tail, and she grew fainter, slowly fading to invisibility.
“Commander.”
“I don’t want to. I don’t like them.”
Now there was the Foliana that Perorn knew. The Centaur glared at the invisible patch of air. The main reason Foliana didn’t like the Fraerlings who had come to beg for aid wasn’t because of their distress, incidentally. Or any prejudice against Niers or anything important.
It was only because Foliana kept trying to sneak up on the Fraerlings…and kept failing.
 
——
 
Sentry Leader Ekrn and Guidance Heish were the two representatives of Paeth on the Coast, one of the largest Fraerling settlements in existence. A proper, true, First Founding descendant city. They had come, at great risk, with a small escort of the Tallguard of Feiland, of whom Ekrn was one, to demand assistance.
Paeth was in danger, and their location had somehow been leaked—if not the exact coordinates, enough for their fellow city of Oierdressql to fall. A disaster.
More than a disaster. Such a loss of life Ekrn couldn’t process it. A full half of Feiland had died, including his commanding officers. Hundreds of thousands of refugees had fled, and far fewer survived the journey in the wilds to get to Paeth.
All from Tallfolk. From, if the Centaur, Perorn Fleethoof, was to be believed, the Jungle Tails company or their cronies.
There will be a reckoning. Ekrn vowed that, but he was concerned most of all with making sure Paeth survived. Oierdressql was not a First Founding, but it had been functionally equivalent to Paeth…and larger in population.
To survive, Paeth had to hope it was either too well-hidden—a poor hope given their neighbor had been found—or that they found allies. Tallfolk. Right now, they had one hope in the Forgotten Wing company and another in Luan.
Of the two, Ekrn trusted Luan more than the Forgotten Wing Company, for all a Fraerling was second-in-command. But he expected material aid from a Great Company more than…Luan.
Which was why he was so angry, distressed, and confused by eight settlements, including himself, all demanding full armies from Foliana.
“This is a disaster. I didn’t think the Titan was an idiot—a pompous, arrogant hothead, yes, but not an idiot. How could he have leaked intelligence about eight settlements—eight or more, since they’re all representing different regions? To a [Chamberlain]?”
Guidance Heish shrugged. They were guests of the Forgotten Wing Company and residing in Fraerling-sized guest rooms. Since there were so many guests, they had to live in the staff quarters. Ekrn didn’t care; he’d learned to sleep strapped to the underside of leaves while raindrops as big as your head were landing all around you. A bed was paradise compared to that.
