8.76 B
Page 24
Kissilt had nearly six thousand gold pieces to invest in Cotm’s war. Not all earned from Kismet Securities; he’d written to the Merchant’s Guild and been assured he could take a loan out. Manus had good financing; Kissilt’s debts would not default, even if he died.
He was willing to spend all of that and more for Cotm. Mainly because the tiny, tiny transceiver crystal that the Fraerling had given Kissilt was worth it. True, Kissilt had to manipulate it with a needle and amplify the sound via [Loud] spells, but it was his.
And it picked up every speaking stone in a ten mile radius.
Fraerling magic. Cotm sighed.
“I can request…what do you want? Ring of [Greater Invisibility]? Ring of [True Sight]. Ring of Protection. [Steelscale] or [Steelskin] equivalent…”
“Or an amulet. I’m not picky. Just so long as it works and transfers the effect to me. So something my size…”
“What about us, Kissilt?”
Marian snapped. Umina nodded rapidly, and Kissilt glared at them.
“I’ll pay you back. Umina’s got her Belt of Dexterity. You’ve got, uh…I’ll pay you back!”
Cotm looked up and gave Kissilt a level glance.
“I gave you my artifact already. That’s worth six thousand gold pieces to Tallfolk since you don’t have it.”
Kissilt began to sweat a bit.
“Yes, Tallguard, but this is a risky situation. And—Manus is capable of the equivalent magic. Swear on a truth stone.”
Although it was something only a top [General] would ever be able to requisition. Cotm paced about, eying the list. He seemed to be willing to negotiate, though—or he just knew Drakes.
“I’ll leave for…five days. No. Three.”
“Can you make it wherever you’re going in three? Let alone back?”
Everyone looked carefully at Cotm, and the Tallguard glared about. Kissilt itched for a quill to write down…Paeth possibly in range of three-day travel by Tallguard. But how fast could an [Encyclopedia Scout] move? He had no data.
“Who said anything about me coming back? Keep fighting. You…any one of you. Meet me in Talenqual. That room that Umina has.”
“Hm? Talenqual?”
The [Strategists] were surprised. Cotm nodded.
“I’ll be there. Three days. Just put me outside the camp.”
“Do you need a Skill or…? I can boost your speed a lot.”
Marian trotted to the door, eying Cotm. The Tallguard just shook his head.
“I’ll manage.”
He was…doing something. Kissilt squinted and saw the tiny, half-foot man adjusting something on his wrist. It was making tiny, tiny clicking sounds. Was that a bracelet? He had no idea what Cotm was up to.
 
——
 
The thing about Cotm was that he wasn’t stupid. He knew Drakes. He’d read up on them, hadn’t he? Kissilt fit the classic Drake archetype.
Greedy. They had an actual desire as a species to accumulate. Just like Lizardfolk needed socialization. Cotm was also aware the four [Strategists] were intelligent enough to want to know where Paeth was. He didn’t trust their intentions.
Like Kessice, Cotm was a serious Tallguard when it came to security. Noa was the overeager one, the adventurous sort. But Cotm…no. So he fiddled with the odd object that Kissilt had seen.
It looked like a bracelet made up of tiny, pale stones, each with a letter. There were nine, all strung on a band of mithril with a little tag that read, ‘#31’.
Each of the nine stones was cut such that it represented four facings, and a tiny letter had been inscribed on each. Or number.
What Cotm was doing was turning each stone to the letter or number he wanted, and then clicking the final stone, which had only two settings. And what he was doing was using a trick of Fraerlings, especially abroad.
