8.76 B
Page 33
“An actual Architect? Paeth must be in danger indeed—but Reiryul is as well. Reiryul Crystalhome. Not that we told that Tallfolk Centaur that last bit. How is Paeth on the Coast doing?”
“By the coast. Very well—until recently, of course. Feiland have ably protected us.”
“Until Oierdressql fell. Feiland allowed that?”
The representative of Reiryul was direct, wore semi-luminescent clothing that came from a polymer made of the crystals of Reiryul’s environment—and almost as rude as Ekrn. The Sentry Leader still had him beat as a member of the Tallguard, though. The city-Fraerling saw the Tallguard turn and glare at him and almost hid behind his bodyguards.
Bodyguards armed with stun-batons. As Ekrn had observed of Paeth, he could take them all on with his bare hands and probably win. He was actually amazed this [Emissary] had made the trip. But desperate times…
“Feiland’s seniority are dead. I am Sentry Leader Ekrn, Emissary Vuul. Over two thirds of Feiland died at Oierdressql. Not just our commanders, but Crelerbane armor as well as Tallguard veterans. Level 40 Fraerlings. They still died.”
The Fraerlings had been chatting in a large room over very plentiful food that the Forgotten Wing Company was only too happy to provide…since it was about the cost of fine dining for a few people.
Everyone turned to Ekrn, and Vuul paled.
“Your Crelerbane forces fell?”
“You have Crelerbane armor?”
Someone else demanded incredulously.
“Less, now. Paeth is a First Founding.”
Ekrn said what Heish was too modest to, and there were several gasps and murmurs of respect. The dynamic…shifted as Vuul looked both embarrassed and indignant.
Even among Fraerlings, there was a kind of ranking. A First Founding city like Paeth had…the Plans. Not just a copy or fragments they got from other cities. The full, unedited version of the Gnomes’ plans. Their last gift to the Fraer-folk, which had included Signim and most major advancements of their kind. And The Last Box.
Stupid name for it. Something that gave Ekrn nightmares at night should have a better name. Like the Gnomien Ultimatum or…no, wait. The Last Box would do.
“Crelerbane armor. And Oierdressql still fell?”
“The Tallfolk came by the thousands. Even the best enchantments fail if you hit them with a thousand [Fireballs] from Tallfolk. No matter how advanced we are.”
That was the blunt truth of it. The other Fraerlings nodded, and another came to introduce themselves.
“It’s true. But we’ll fight them to the last. We’ve got nowhere to go; they found us. Even in the cave. Keshel in the Dark. We’ve been under attack. Dosiel. [Emissary].”
Ekrn saw a pale Fraerling, his clothing tattered and far from the fine enchantments of Heish. No citizen of Paeth would wear that unless it were some stupid fashion. Not any magic on…
“You’ve been under attack? Actual attack?”
Dosiel nodded tiredly.
“Just a few. They loose arrows, try to break our walls—obviously not working, but they know we’re there. Strategist Perorn is sending an army, but our [Mages] counted so many…I hope they’ll make it. I’m petitioning her for more. I know you’re all in need of help, but—”
The other six groups began voicing their grievances as well.
“They’re almost on top of us—”
“Not more than a few thousand despite the Lizardfolk knocking on our doors!”
“My city was attacked too!”
Two cities had been found, and the other wore decent clothes…but no magic on them either! Ekrn saw silk cloth, but far from high-quality. Even so, the Fraerling strode over with an air of importance.
