8.77 B
Page 52
“Very well. It is my honor to report each servant of Drath fought to the end without wavering. To the last, with naught but courage. Each one I commend as heroes.”
Why was she so set on reporting it like…? Tulm’s head rose, and he looked at the ship. He saw no bodies, but if this was what happened, he could guess what the end of the battle looked like. Ah—the Dullahan had a sudden, deep respect for the woman.
“What a beautiful lie. I will carry that to Drath myself. But what destroyed your fleet?”
The dead woman relaxed, and a smile passed her lips. A terrible one.
“He will know.”
Drath’s [Emperor] might know, but Tulm bent over and actually grabbed a shoulder. He shook her.
“We must know. What is it? Seamwalkers?”
It had to be. The Kitsune just stared blankly above.
“Even in death we died. We knew when he took his own eyes. But we followed. We had to see. There was…they are trying to open a door.”
A door? Something was happening. Her eyes were already rotting, but the sightless gaze of the dead [Mage] was…moving. At first, Tulm thought she saw him, but then he saw something that made him most afraid of all.
The eyes were locked on something past Tulm. Every few seconds they would…twitch. Flick a bit, sideways. Every few seconds of his juddering heartbeat.
She was watching something. Her eyes traced a path through the sky, and Tulm turned his head. He saw nothing but darkness, but he almost…felt it. In time with her eyes. Something moving.
Step.
Step.
Step.
“How many? Where?”
The ghost whispered.
“They are eating everything. I see a great, final stand. They are trying to open a door, but they will devour this land—then yours. I see hundreds of thousands. So many. Cousins of A’ctelios Salash. Tell His Majesty of our glorious demise. He knows the rest.”
Then she looked up, and her voice was faint. Eyes wide with horror as she stared up, and one arm rose as if shielding her from something.
“My death, but not my soul! I—”
The body jerked—went lifeless. Had the ghost abandoned the magic? Or had something…
Tulm backed away. He hesitated one second—then shouted.
“Toss the body overboard and then disintegrate it! Now!”
The Dullahan audience didn’t hesitate. The sea exploded, and the body was vaporized by the spells before it had sunk a foot. Tulm pointed at the deck.
“Tear it up, burn anything that was touched by her blood. Take Seamwalker precautions. Get me the Seer of Steel. No—issue an order across the entire company. All fleet elements are to return to their ports but stay…two miles off-shore. Anchored. Sound the alarms.”
Dullahans ran as Xol lowered himself.
“Tulm. What are you thinking?”
The [Strategist] was still giving orders. He was sending the last words of the Drathian to the [Emperor] and asking for more information—the Seer of Steel wanted to know what he’d found.
“Strategist, the Lizardgirl, Umina, who claims to—”
“Don’t bother me with that! Sound a full alert! Prepare for enemies, Seamwalkers, from anywhere at any time! I will tell our officers when we know more.”
His subordinates stared at him. The most incomprehensible orders that Tulm had ever issued—the Dullahan shouted.
“Move!”
He stood there, looking around, gazing at the sky with Xol, searching for foes. But there was nothing there. If not for the terror in his heart, the warning of a dead woman—Tulm could believe this was just another quiet night.
That made it worse. He was forewarned, but what could be done? This…this was it.
