8.77 B
Page 50
Yet the Dullahan [Captain] was already signaling for a [Mage] to talk to the Iron Vanguard’s command. He turned to her, grim-faced.
“We will escort you to Tulm the Mithril. Or, it seems, participate in this fighting if Strategist Tulm deems it worth the cost. He himself was unavailable.”
“To hear the Titan’s secret?”
Umina knew he was close enough to have come! What could have…what could have been more pressing than that?
There was no time to think. The Featherfolk Brigade had seen the ship and had already sent their own to investigate. Upon seeing Umina and hearing both her name and recognizing her, a Medusa snarled and pointed, and [Soldiers] streamed down the docks. Cotm swore, blew a Lizardperson’s foot off, and caused a pileup as Umina did a running leap and flipped onto the deck of the Dullahan ship with her Belt of Dexterity.
However, she refused to let the Dullahan set sail. Umina called in the news as she heard Marian, Cameral, and Kissilt shouting orders. Paeth was under siege—and the battle for Talenqual had begun. Whichever city fell first…or would both?
Time…had run out.
 
——
 
There were some things more important than even the Titan’s answer. Tulm the Mithril had been seeking another answer to another question.
He found it—but wished he hadn’t.
“All halt. Inform The Authority of Metal to find our position. Now.”
The Dullahan strode down the warship as the [Captain] sent word for the Krakenbane Destroyer combing the waters and all other elements of the fleet to regroup here.
They had found their quarry at last. Xol of Ingrilt watched, shield raised as they closed in. He had been nervous when they realized they had found the Border Fleet already…the closer they got?
Xol was nervous. And if a War Walker was nervous…
“Strategist. Should we hold for the Authority’s return?”
Tulm was tempted to himself. He had taken some of his finest warriors on the warship, but the Dullahan wearing his famed Mithril armor was still…he scanned the waves, but shook his head.
“We must risk it. That ship won’t last ten minutes. Prepare to board! Search for survivors! Watch for enemies!”
The Dullahan stared ahead as chills ran up and down his body. Ship?
Ship was a generous term. Tulm only recognized it as the Drathian’s lead warship because he knew what he should be seeing.
That vessel could trade blows with this ship or any warship in existence. Could…because all he saw was a sinking piece of ruined wood, painted splinters.
So few bodies.
The Iron Vanguard had been following the Drathians when the Border Fleet abruptly turned and went shooting up Whitewash Channel. That they had hired [Mercenaries], their odd actions, all alarmed the Iron Vanguard, who were friendly with the reclusive Drathians. But they had received no word, and fearing a possible move that would help the Forgotten Wing Company or…
Tulm had followed them. Then—just as fast as the Border Fleet was moving, they had vanished. For two whole days, Tulm’s armada had searched the waters.
There was nothing here. Either the Drathians had cloaked themselves, sunk like a Drowned Fleet, or simply…gone over the edge. All that remained in this area were scattered islands like the one that produced Eir Gel—a few remote landmasses, some landmarks over empty water at the edge of the world.
Well. After two days, Tulm had found the Border Fleet.
He watched as Dullahans boarded the vessel fast, spreading out, searching. They had waterproof, floating armor, but everyone was so tense their voices were the only thing on the water.
