8.77 B
Page 2
“I am under Jungle Tails’ authority. Are you going to attack them? I dare you—no, I invite you to! They fear no tiny armada!”
Fezimet blustered, and the Sea Shepherd [Druid] narrowed his eyes.
“You may have a company, Fezimet. And Jungle Tails may be a Great Company, but I promise you this. You, your officers, and all their families and loved ones will be marked from now until the day you die choking on the foam of your own blood. Stop burning the forest.”
“You do not give me orders. If you so much as touch my company, I will destroy your ships!”
Fezimet snarled back. The [Druid] folded his arms.
“No force in the world can catch our ships. The Iron Vanguard cannot. You’ve been warned. I’d also advise you, free of charge, never to open a box from a City Runner, Street Runner, or Courier again. Stay away from the water too. And be careful what plants you keep in your home. Also, if you have a pet, be aware it might vanish. Or you’ll wake up with your favorite parakeet plucking out an eye. As for horses—”
Fezimet cut the call after that, and the brief view Ilekrome got of the Quexal was of a rattled [Mercenary]. The Fraerling watched his expression.
Of all the threats and protests—the [Druids] scared Fezimet the most, and well they should. They did not play games.
Yet, still, he continued. A Nagatine Scion might well be fearless of most assassination attempts, but Ilekrome feared that Fezimet was just blinded by greed and in too deep. He wanted Paeth’s knowledge. More than that?
If he stopped now, he lost it all. All his contributions to Jungle Tails—gone. He was their enemy and the enemy of everyone else. Sink or swim—burn it down and claim the rewards, or quit and lose it all.
A very clever person had orchestrated that. Someone who made Paeth’s Architects look bad at their jobs, because the truth was that Paeth didn’t need this kind of organization. A certain [Chamberlain], Peclir Im, had picked his Quexal well.
So the forest burned. And Paeth…Ilekrome closed his eyes and cycled back to the fires spreading across the forest. There was nothing they could do. That was—there was no other choice but this.
The Fraerling began to pen his order, which would be an announcement to Paeth and any Fraerling settlements nearby. The Architects would ratify it, but he was the one in charge of magic. And what he wrote, dictating it to the enchanted pen, was this:
“I am Enchanter Ilekrome. By my authority, under the articles of self-defense of Paeth on the Coast, I am bypassing our Allotment. Every [Weather Mage], [Hydromancer], and [Aeromancer] is hereby conscripted for weather magic without limit. [Pyromancers], [Geomancers], and other [Alchemists] and applicable classes as necessary.”
He paused. Almost every magical class might be called on. [Pyromancers] could try to fight flame, and there were inventive ways to deal with fire. [Enchanters] could fireproof land, [Geomancers] help create fire breaks…
But they’d be fighting Tallfolk magic with their own. They had to—Paeth might be fireproof in the walls, but that much heat would bake the city and leave it exposed.
However…the magic to do this was going to make Paeth a lighthouse. Either way. Ilekrome’s voice trembled as he went on.
“Tallguard of Feiland are to mobilize for combat. Crelerbane Armor and volunteers will prepare to defend Paeth in a five mile radius. Conscription of every able-bodied Fraerling not evacuating will begin tomorrow.”
