8.77 B
Page 1
He was lying, of course. Ilekrome thought even the Medusa knew it. There was no stopping this kind of blaze once it reached the threshold. It would stop when it ran into a river—and it might even jump vast stretches of water if the winds continued.
However—it was that name.
Jungle Tails. A Great Company of Baleros, even a former one, was enough to scare the companies who objected with words rather than force. Any Great Company usually didn’t care about smaller affairs, but if they did…your tiny company would get squashed. It was like a Giant; it stepped and crushed only a small area, but it scared the hell out of anyone nearby.
“Welcome to the Fraerling’s world.”
Ilekrome muttered gloomily. Fezimet was invoking their attention as a threat, and they had publicly recognized him as one of their Nagatine Scions. Essentially, [Generals] second only to their foremost leaders—a council of symbolic titles that came with actual abilities if Jungle Tails retained the methods.
Dragontouched, Wyrmgraced, Serpentborn, and so on. Representing the various facets of species related to Lizardfolk.
“In older days, Dragontouched was a title reserved for actual Dragons—or Oldblood Drakes. When were they that friendly?”
Ilekrome had put in a research order and gotten a lot of information about Jungle Tails’ history. However—it did little good.
Someone had ordered the fires started, and this was a stupid, crude, wasteful, and effective move. Someone without an inch of scruples for Talenqual, the region, or the future had ordered it, and Fezimet was in too deep. He could only defend his actions.
And defend he would. Ilekrome took a bit of bitter comfort from the fact that this decision would haunt Fezimet for the rest of his life.
Luan Khumalo had told Ilekrome about Earth—which apparently had suffered a kind of problem like this. It got hot because Earth-people couldn’t restore their atmosphere with magic, and they had eradicated forests on a level no one could imagine. Ilekrome had thought that was awfully funny. He had assumed…naively…nothing like that could happen here.
Mostly because of [Druids]. They were overzealous about protecting grass, had a lot of stupid rules—even Fraerling [Druids]—often smelled, and had a lot of objectionable habits that clashed even with Paeth’s views on how to use or live with animals and plants. Some spoke for the trees, and that really got annoying when you needed to chop a few down.
Some were radicals, too, and preached things like burning a forest to let new life grow, or wiping out an invasive species. However, where they unified was on matters like this. Burning a forest that was a stable environment for no apparent reason?
Commander Fezimet got a call from the leader of the Sea Shepherds, the [Druid] fleet. The Quexal tried to explain himself, but [Druids] didn’t beat around the bush. Especially when it was on fire.
“Commander Fezimet. Fezimet Tusqual. Do you like your family? I’m asking if there’s anyone in particular you like because I’d think of them. And yourself, of course. Have you ever seen someone die of blowfish poisoning? It’s very fast.”
“Is that a threat?”
Fezimet’s voice was ominously low. But the [Druid] just raised his brows as he stood in a chamber of bone—the remains of some great fish in which he captained his vessel.
“Not the blowfish poison. That’s fast. Hullborer Snails though…that’s slow. And even if you have an antidote, believe me, when it gets into your veins you’ll wish you were dead.”
