8.77 B
Page 13
She turned, and suddenly every [Soldier] was turning to something on-deck. The translation spell cut off, and Luan saw a giant, furry tail explode into view as the woman turned, suddenly—abruptly—worried.
Kissilt, swearing and climbing back on board the scull, nearly went into the water again as he saw that. However, all the soldiers were pointing now—and might have run forwards but for the discipline of their officers.
The [Mage] certainly ran, and Luan paddled back to see. What was going on?
Something was happening on the decks, and the [Captains] on the ships had a better view. One called down to Luan.
“What did you say to them? One of their crazies is…going more crazy! See?”
He was pointing to the people with giant weapons. They were all surrounding someone on deck. One of their own? The [Admiral] or whoever was in charge of the entire Border Fleet was surrounding them with an entourage the [Mage] joined—the high command of the Border Fleet.
Luan saw it all without needing explanations, which was just as well, because the babble of voices was incomprehensible even without a language barrier. They were shouting in alarm.
“Who are they?”
The Garuda [Captain] was flapping up for a view. She pointed at the Border Fleet and the strange weapon-holders, who, Luan noticed, were present on all the Drathian ships, including the main one. They were all staring. And all…known.
“Those? I’ve never seen so many. They’re the Drathian’s insane hunters. You know, like the Hunter’s Guild of Terandria? They don’t have adventurers like we do—but that lot goes with Border Fleets. Something…bad might be coming from the west. We should check in port. Though if they’re going it’s safe, eh?”
She laughed nervously, and Kissilt himself was alarmed. Luan felt the hair on his arms rising. All of the strange people wore very expensive looking armor, and they had been looking unfocused, not paying attention to Luan or the other vessels.
Now—they were alarmed.
“Exactly what are they?”
Kissilt was the one who answered. The Garuda had seen the figure everyone was surrounding, and she was circling higher for a better view. It was one of the older ones—but they didn’t tend to get that old. Mainly because of their occupation and class.
“Those, Luan, are the kind of Drathians no one stops on their business. Not even Rhir. If they’re about—something bad is coming. You know Border Fleets patrol the waters around The Last Tide? Those are the ones who kill…whatever comes back from the edge of the world.”
A chill ran all the water down Luan’s body. Kissilt eyed them.
“I’ve heard a few classes for them. [Doomkillers]. [Edgeworld Hunters]. [Abyssal Slayers]. Drathian suicide corps. See those weapons? You don’t hunt normal-sized foes with them.”
The only reason you needed a ten-foot-long blade…was if something a lot bigger needed cutting. Luan Khumalo saw the strange guard of the Drath and recognized the look.
Veterans like Gold-rank adventurers who had seen something that needed killing. Scary fighters who didn’t kill you because there was no point. Unshakable horror-killers who lurked around the edge of the world with the strangest civilization of the Drath Archipelago.
All that was a fine encounter. A memorable little stop on Luan’s journey to help Paeth on the Coast. Except for one thing.
“What’s that one doing, then? The old one? Looks like their leader?”
All the watchers had gone silent. Uncertainty filled the air—and a kind of terrible trepidation. Someone made a sound—Kissilt’s eyes went round, and Luan…Luan didn’t know what he was seeing at first.
