8.77 B
Page 10
Indeed, the rest of the Border Fleet was edging around it—or stopping to confer. There was definitely agitation on board, but the soldiers and high deck were screening what was going on from view. Perhaps that was why they were there.
Luan eyed lamellar armor and the distinctly dangerous striped bows. Drath used different fighting styles than Baleros—to judge by the odd weapons which were more common.
He spotted katanas, glaives—but most noticeably, a number of staff users and barehanded experts. What was the most notable though?
The…young men and women were sitting or standing with giant, outrageously large weapons made of what looked like crystal. Or glass.
A master smith like Pelt could have identified them as Dragonblood crystal or similar weapons. They were magical and sometimes longer than the wielder.
Luan Khumalo had mixed feelings as he stared at a distinctly…foxy leader conferring with a Drathian magic user. He didn’t want to put words on it, but the weapons of the strange fighters standing apart from the regular warriors? The amazing vessels, the magic that even Noa was slightly impressed by?
This is the most anime thing I have ever seen in my entire life. Or possibly xianxia. And I can’t even investigate.
…Or could he? The rest of the captains at sea were friendly, and some had even invited Luan to dock his scull and just socialize the rest of the way over. True, it was a Border Fleet, but Kissilt made it sound like half trading fleet, half security force. They even fished! Not all the ships were purely for war; some had clear cargo bays, and they were peaceful enough for Moxy to let them in.
And they were a big damn fleet. Luan had…about six gold coins plus whatever Kissilt was going to pay him, because they’d spent it all on Paeth’s supplies.
Damn.
But he did have Noa and Fraerling magic. Even Drath might be interested? Besides—he was a Courier.
So Luan began to row forwards, and Kissilt squeaked.
“What are you doing?”
“I’m going to see if I can get a word. Or do you not see a giant mercenary fleet in front of us?”
The Drake opened and closed his mouth a few times.
“Yes, but—they’re Drath! Do you know how distant they are? They don’t let people visit—you think the House of Minos has closed ports? Watch it. Even if you’re a Courier and I’m a [Strategist]—hey, they’re unpredictable! Hey! Hey!”
The shouting, as well as Luan’s scull, attracted attention. Everyone behind Luan ducked as down the entire warship’s side, bows went up. Someone shouted something distinctly cautious in a foreign language, and Luan saw a slat on the side of the warship open.
He and Kissilt stared up into the glowing barrel of a very magical device. Luan almost smiled. Almost.
Yep. They definitely have different weapons.
It looked so much like something modeled after a cannon he was almost relieved to see something that fit his sense of danger. Then again—he respected pointy arrows too.
Kissilt certainly froze and raised his hands.
“I’m a representative of Manus! A [Strategist]! We’re not here to—back the boat up, Luan. Back it up now.”
“You. Leave.”
Someone shouted down at Luan in clearly-accented English. Kissilt waved his claws as a sentry or someone heard a shout.
“He’s a Courier! Don’t shoot! Hey! You hear us?”
The [Captains] were calling out worriedly. Someone, a man in armor with a glaive who was commanding this side of the vessel, grimaced. He lifted a hand.
“Peaceful voyages on the Whitewash Channel! This Drathian Fleet brooks no trespass by will of the Emperor of Drath! Begone!”
