8.77 B
Page 16
“We’re under attack. Mm. By Jungle Tails. You know it, I know it. Little rats know it. They laid a trap. Niers is on Izril. So it’s just us. And I’m not a [Strategist]. They’re coming to the capital with a big army. Really big.”
As motivational speeches went—this was shaping up to be one for the history books. However, Foliana wasn’t done. She looked ahead, up and past the camera, and then nodded a few times.
“I wanted to talk to you because you need to understand. Understand this: you have orders. Go follow them. I don’t know what they are. I don’t know who you are or where you are, but Perorn probably does. If you’re in my company, listen to me: Jungle Tails is a stupid name.”
Not one sound. She just said it, deadpan, and narrowed her eyes slightly. That brilliant, three-color gaze looked right into the camera, the only beautiful, unique thing on her plain face, grey fur, and nondescript armor.
Three-Color Stalker.
“They have a stupid-sounding name. Yes, they played us. Yes, they have an army. But they are not a Great Company. We beat them like a cluster of bananas being kicked around by Hydras. Now they’re back, and you know what? Mm. They’re not impressive.”
She turned her head and took a sip of water from a cup someone offered her off-screen. Foliana went on conversationally.
“They hid and waited for our highest-level [Strategist] to leave. Why? Because they can’t match him. Jungle Tails hid and had to scheme because they don’t have high-level people. Not like me. Not like Niers. Right now, they’re trying to win footholds. Other Great Companies are standing by, and lesser companies like everyone else are backing away and watching what they do because they’re inferior. Mm, but you know what? Their plan only works if they get enough land.”
She shook her head slightly.
“If they prove they’re now the next Great Company, everyone believes them. But guess what? They don’t have that. They want to kill me, take Elvallian, and make everyone believe they’re back. But they won’t. And when Niers returns, when the dust settles or something—they will have nothing if we hold onto what we earned. So. That’s my order.”
She stood back and stared into the camera for a good ten seconds. Then someone prompted her, and Foliana spoke.
“Hold the line. From the largest to the smallest member of the Forgotten Wing Company—every person who’s pledged to us. Give them not one inch of my ground. Not one mine. Not one city or village or latrine. Hold the line. Follow orders, but don’t rush to Elvallian. They’re coming here, and we’ll stop them or abandon the city. It doesn’t matter. Stop them where you are. We are the Great Company of Baleros, the Forgotten Wing Company. Not Jungle Tails.”
Foliana stood there another moment, looking straight into her audience’s eyes. Then she nodded and turned.
The image winked out before she finished turning. And that…that was a fairly decent speech. Even the Titan, watching his oldest comrade from afar, could admit that.
For Foliana, at least.
 
——
 
The Forgotten Wing Company took up arms. It was more than one academy, obviously. More than Perorn Fleethoof or Three-Color Stalker. They were the ones in the capital, bracing for the siege.
Yet to the rest of their lands across Baleros, Perorn had sent every force that they could muster. Some met Jungle Tails in the field. Others faced the Iron Vanguard or Maelstrom’s Howling, daring the Great Companies to take advantage of the moment and make war.
 
——
 
“General Diomedes has abandoned the border with the Eyes of Baleros and is taking to the front! Make way!”
