8.77 B
Page 46
His tail twitched a few times, in a subtle signal. Like the Liscorian army, Lizardfolk used tail-signs, and so Fezimet sighed dramatically.
“If I don’t attack—how long do you think your forces can stand here, Commander Daly? Those Drakes look tense. An hour? A day?”
“We have discipline, you inbred Quexal. Come out and see what real strategy looks like!”
Kissilt hollered as he lifted his ring menacingly. Daly didn’t answer. He just stood there, watching Fezimet.
“Your choice. Ken means it. We can make you a rich man, Fezimet.”
“You can’t make me one of the most important people in Baleros.”
The Quexal retorted, almost sadly. Daly shook his head.
“Power only matters if you and Jungle Tails survive. Do you really want to kill a bunch of innocent Fraerlings, Fezimet? Really?”
He looked into Fezimet’s eyes, and the Quexal avoided his gaze.
“We bleed and die…Fraerlings live on Baleros, whose jungles run with blood. They surely know, more than you, that their turn would come some day.”
He glanced over his shoulder and frowned. Was that a ship entering harbor? Fezimet craned his neck, suddenly uneasy. One of his officers had seen it too. But before Fezimet could check, he decided to motivate the crowd.
“People of Talenqual! Do you see why we had to burn the forest? We have saboteurs of a Great Company fighting our Featherfolk Brigade—who are now in service of the mighty Jungle Tails! They threaten us on our own land! Foreign species working for a Great Company! Even your beloved United Nations company!”
He turned and exhorted the people around him. The Lizardfolk peeking over the walls or at the gates looked…dubious. Especially because Ken replied almost instantly.
“We are not standing here because of the Forgotten Wing Company! A Fraerling city is under attack by Commander Fezimet, who has violated the rules of war and is attempting to slaughter children and innocents!”
The truth. The [Diplomat]’s words caused shock in Talenqual’s people. A Fraerling city? and Fezimet?
That damn signed letter. It must have been spreading already. One of Fezimet’s Quexals repeated his trick, opening her wing and shouting.
“Lies! Those are lies! Who will you believe? We, the Naga, or—ulp—!”
She bit her tongue. No—she tried to speak, and not a word came out. Ken pointed at her.
“[Only Truth Between Us]. Commander Fezimet. Tell your people the truth. If you can.”
[Diplomats]! Fezimet’s clamped lips and glare were bad enough. The Quexal turned his head as he saw himself losing the last of his popular support. But he still had his army. Eighteen…fifteen thousand soldiers in the forest and more he could pull from their garrisons. Fezimet still had the last laugh.
Daly was eying his face with terrible suspicion. Yet he only got confirmation after five minutes, as Fezimet waited to find out what that ship was about. His head snapped up as someone came tearing out of the forest.
“Daly! Daly! They’re attacking!”
Marian rode out of the forest, face pale. Fezimet saw Daly’s head rise, and Ken closed his eyes.
“What do you mean? I’m right here. I haven’t crossed your precious little line, Human.”
The Centaur slowed to a canter and Fezimet looked at Marian, Niers’ student, fully for the first time. He…felt bad. He would have really liked an autograph and to impress the Centauress. Of all Niers’ students, he liked her tactics best. Daquin had been…
 
——
 
Fezimet stood in the burning hell of Talenqual and didn’t seem to understand how he’d gotten here. He looked so damn smug. Daly Sullivan’s chest rose and fell.
