8.77 B
Page 14
His eyes weren’t good enough. It was the Garuda Captain who answered, her voice hoarse. She stared at the oldest [Abyssal Slayer] as the Drathian warship broke into the loudest shouting yet, and then terrible, terrible silence.
“He’s…clawing out his eyes.”
No one said a word. The entire warship was deathly still—then their [Admiral] turned. He stared across at the watchers—and gave an order.
A bloody-faced person was surrounded by his people, who hauled him below-decks. The warship began to move up the channel westwards, so fast that it surprised everyone. Luan rowed forwards and looked up at the decks.
They were shouting something, a few of the people on the railings, as the Border Fleet sped off. He kept pace with them as the [Mage] strode down the deck. There was blood on her white robes.
“Courier! We must go to investigate—cannot answer you! What did…‘Japanese’…? What do you…?”
The [Translation] spell was failing, and the wake the warship was leaving was threatening to capsize the scull. The woman gave up and just began shouting in her native tongue. Kissilt shook his head.
“I need to file a report. That’s…that’s really concerning.”
Even his bravado was gone. Luan just cupped his hands to his ears. Kissilt looked at him.
“I don’t suppose you know what she’s saying?”
Luan…did not. He wished Ken and Aiko were here, because the woman was clearly speaking in their native tongue. She—like Luan—knew how to speak to non-native speakers, so she was shouting only a few words.
He recognized one because it was so easy.
“She’s saying…abunai. Abunai.”
“What’s that mean?”
Luan looked at Kissilt, then began rowing towards Moxy without another word. They wouldn’t find aid from Drath. He answered Kissilt as he wondered what it meant. What was…coming.
“It means—‘danger’. Watch out.”
 
——
 
After so long of waiting, after so much—when Jungle Tails struck, they came fast. Perorn Fleethoof walked into Foliana’s quarters and found the Squirrel Woman sitting on her tree-home, nibbling on…
An acorn.
It was the strangest meal Perorn had ever seen Foliana eat. The Squirrel Woman was nibbling on the giant acorn, her teeth wearing down the tough, tough exterior, then she’d slap the acorn on the branch to exploit the cracks and get at the insides. She ate three nuts and then turned to Perorn.
“Mm. I feel stupid.”
“Why are you eating acorns? Didn’t you hear? Jungle Tails—”
“Is attacking. Yes. Mm. I was checking.”
“Checking what? Do some of Jungle Tails eat giant acorns as a favorite food?”
Foliana could, of course, use the favorite foods of her enemies against them, literally seeing through their eyes. However—she just shook her head.
“Nope. Just checking to see if I could live in the wild. Can’t. Acorns are stupid. I don’t see why anyone would bother with the effort.”
An army was coming down the road, and somehow…Perorn exhaled.
“I’m preparing to lead our mobile units on harassing missions. I’m afraid we might not get to Paeth or other Fraerlings—I’ve sent our forces, but we are going to be encircled. They’ll have to march through the wild to get there—but this is it. I hope you’re ready?”
Foliana hopped down and stood next to Perorn. She was shorter than the Centauress; few could ever be as tall as a Centaur, but she patted Perorn on the back as if she were a horse.
“Yes, I am. It’s time. Niers is gone, so they come for us. It’s time. Get me a scrying orb.”
“To see something?‘
Foliana looked at Perorn, and the [Rogue]’s gaze was clear as she sighed. Foliana adjusted her belt, and Perorn saw she’d put on some armor.
