8.77 B
Page 44
Not good. Gravetender’s Fist was camped farther north, and this was only a token force, but Fezimet did not want to fight them—even if it could be a victory. After all, he still had twice as many…one point five times as many soldiers in the forest.
Yet it seemed Daly Sullivan was the one in charge. Someone else stood by him. There was…a familiar young man. Drathian?
“Kenjiro Murata. The [Diplomat] who’s been going around, slandering my company’s name. Well, well, enemies all.”
“Commander Fezimet. I have a signed document I would like to offer you. It is a declaration signed by nineteen companies in this region. From Grasgil Blockade to Stormhooves.”
Some of Fezimet’s people glanced up at that. Those were…big companies. Fezimet knew what that stupid treaty was. He snatched it as Ken offered it to him.
“And why should I bother reading it? I suppose I’ll peruse it at my discretion.”
His ploy didn’t work. Ken let him have the treaty—and stepped back and bowed. Fezimet had the impression it was an extremely insulting gesture; the Dullahans present certainly seemed to think so. Was that Captain Eldima and the Rustless Guard?
Damn adventurers. Damn Humans and damn—Ken spoke.
“Unfortunately, Commander, [I Made a Copy]. Please, officers of the Featherfolk Brigade, read the declaration.”
Fezimet twisted and saw no less than eight copies of the treaty! He snarled.
“Put that down—”
Too late. His officers read the declaration, and Fezimet looked at the signed letter too. It was a simple one, really.
 
We, the underlined signatories, condemn the attack on a neutral Fraerling city, Paeth on the Coast, in no uncertain terms. We refute the right of the Featherfolk Brigade under any authority to commit acts of war on an innocent species that has offered no provocation. These are war crimes under Baleros’ codes, and if the Featherfolk Brigade under Commander Fezimet pursues his attempt to slaughter hundreds of thousands of innocents…
 
Fezimet’s blood alternately boiled and froze as he read. War crimes? This…Ken was speaking.
“I have also sent and posted it to the Mage’s Guild, and it will be spread from Runner’s Guilds as well if you launch an attack, Commander. I urge you to reconsider—there is still time to make peace.”
“Peace.”
The Quexal was done skimming the treaty. His officers were worried, but Fezimet had noticed something. Nowhere in this magically-ratified document did any of the other companies threaten actual action. It was a war of words, and he sneered at the [Diplomat].
Daly Sullivan watched, face blank. He had a crossbow in his hands, pointed at the ground, but only one of those small, hand ones. Fezimet looked at Ken.
“You must have some idea of whom I serve, Diplomat Ken. Tell me—do you suggest I quit now? Now that I’ve made an enemy of everyone?”
He glanced towards the tower.
“…For nothing?”
Kenjiro smiled at Fezimet. A [Diplomat] fighting to his end, he leaned forwards, and despite himself, Fezimet leaned over and listened. He was fairly certain Ken had a secrecy Skill. The Human whispered to him.
“It is not beyond you to turn back, Great Fezimet. It would be costly—but the Forgotten Wing will never forget this. Fraerlings will not either. Paeth is not alone.”
“Oh, so you think to threaten me?”
The Quexal bared his teeth, and Ken lifted a finger. Like Peclir, he put stick before carrot.
