8.77 B
Page 53
They had weathered six thousand years since the last great calamity. Crelers. Had they spent their time well enough? Was this worse? Better? Tulm whispered.
“I’m not ready. I need more time.”
He thought he could hear Niers laughing at him. One of those sardonic, bitter laughs that included himself. Then Tulm was striding for a scrying orb to communicate. He needed to know what, exactly, was coming. He could delay up to twenty minutes if the Drathians still refused to tell all.
Then he would tell Wistram to sound the alarm and warn—
Everyone.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: It’s only a cliffhanger if you’re just reading. But would you believe me when I say…this is it?
One month. I have, now, one month to finish Volume 8. I don’t know if I’ll make it, but I got to the exact point where I wanted with this chapter. And yes…the arc is not complete.
Nor are the others I think you could name. It’s by design. After this, we’ll see how it shakes out. It may be that, in hindsight, it’s all lamentations and regret. Or—as I hope—it all went just as I planned it out.
Either way. The end of Volume 8 is upon us. But it will not be easy.
This is the longest volume of The Wandering Inn by far. As I start my week break—I’m going on a week break—it’s not just to torment you but to get all the energy I can for the ending. If I need to, I’ll take longer between pivotal chapters. If I must, I’ll rewrite.
I hope to do it in one take, but I’m committed to the best ending possible and it’s going to be…stressful. I am nervous. Almost as nervous as Tulm, and I may have nightmares about not doing the chapters justice.
However, it is upon us and it is sink or swim. My kind of writing. Don’t forget to vote in that poll—it is a pivotal one that decides what our next chapter is. I decided to leave it partly up to you. Don’t worry. I have a plan.
Let’s see if it shakes out. See you in a week,
—pirateaba
 
Tyrion Veltras by Auspicious Octopi!


Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/auspiciousoctopi/
DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/auspiciousoctopi



 
Rasktooth and Infinitypear by Artsynada, commissioned by Spanner!


Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/illudanajohns/
Ko-fi: https://ko-fi.com/illudanajohns
Commission info: https://i.imgur.com/OmNDuK8.jpg



 
Horns of Hammerad by VulpyDoodlesStudios, commissioned by Spanner…again?!

 

