8.77 B
Page 41
Noa smiled faintly.
“I promise we’ll do that. You can play our sports. Yours are funny. I bet the Architects will make all your games. Football, basketball…we have games like that. Paeth has so many amazing things. I just got bored of all of them because it was so small.”
She gazed out across the waters.
“When this is over, Luan. Maybe you’ll drop me off near Elvallian? Or I’ll go to another city. Or…somewhere else.”
“You still love the rest of the world? After this?”
Noa just pointed across the waters where fish were jumping, catching dragonflies and other bugs that skimmed across the water, naively thinking they’d found something bright while it was just the reflection from the sky.
“I like it all. Just not the Tallfolk.”
“Fair.”
Noa shook her head. She wiped at her eyes and got saltwater in them. She kept blinking as she went on.
“It’s like Resk said. You don’t have much. Your cities don’t have any magic. Not even clean water.”
She’d seen villages and cities like Talenqual on their long trip. Even the biggest ones weren’t Paeth. Yet that wasn’t the Tallfolk’s fault, was it?
“We have the Plans and the Architects and our Last Boxes. You don’t. I asked Ekrn once, why we never did anything, and he said…‘we don’t help the Tallfolk because they have problems too large for us.’ But we could have helped. We could have given magic.”
Luan watched the younger Fraerling turn to look up to him.
“Resk told me you did. It backfired. I don’t blame Paeth for acting like they do. Look at what’s happening.”
“Right. But sometimes…I think we’re just selfish. Selfish, afraid Fraerlings. We act as small as we look. Then—then they come and our Crelerguard fight them and…”
Noa’s shoulders shook. They’d gotten the news as dusk fell. Luan clenched his hands on his oars. Without a word, he began to row. Slowly—long sweeps carrying them forwards. Only after a few minutes, as the rhythm began, did he say anything.
“I can’t do anything but row. I have trained my entire life before coming to this world to be the best. The best. Not just good, but the best there ever was. The best living. Every hour I spent training rather than having fun—that made me different. Then I came here and you could gain a Skill that put you ahead just by going to sleep. I hate it. No, I love it. It makes life wondrous. Unexpected. But I don’t know. If I were Level 40…what could I do?”
Noa was wiping at her face.
“What?”
Luan stared into the mirrors. Then up at the wake he was leaving.
“I don’t understand where my class is going. I am leveling fast as a [Rower], as an [Athlete], but what comes next? Something more than rowing? At Level 40, Noa…I will be the fastest man in the world.”
She opened her mouth to point out the obvious, but Luan shook his head.
“The fastest man, Noa. In this method, in this craft. There is no one else who has a scull like this. No one who understands rowing, who trains for it. At Level 40, with all the Skills, no one on Earth will ever catch me again. So what comes after that? Something that breaks the laws of physics? What…what’s the point of a Level 60 [Rower]? What Skills do they get?”
Noa had no clue. But Luan did. He panted as he kept going, pushing for another hour. One last day.
“It has to be something that matters. Something else. Something that allows me to use my great talent, my one talent, to make a difference. If all I can do is row…my class is meaningless on land.”
