8.77 B
Page 51
What had happened here? All the sentries and [Mages] were scanning in every direction, but they had not seen any battle. Nor foes.
That just made Tulm even more…nervous. Afraid. His mentor, the Titan, had taught him not to push fear away.
He was afraid. What had happened here?
“Survivor! Survivor!”
At last, one of the Dullahans found something. The woman dove into the water as the sinking vessel kept falling lower. Instantly, the others converged and dragged a body towards the ship.
“[Healers]! Get ready for—”
The [Captain] hesitated, and Tulm cursed because the figure that the Dullahans were dragging from the water wasn’t a survivor. He stared at the upper torso of a Drathian [Mage], one of their experts who used their brand of magic.
Clearly dead. No one survived getting…Xol muttered.
“That’s not a cut wound. Something tore that [Mage] in half.”
“Find survivors! Now!”
Tulm roared in a rare display of emotion, and the Dullahans kept porting the dead body to the ship. He was about to shout at them when he realized something.
That wasn’t a Drathian Human. Nor…was she dead.
Somehow, the female fox was alive. One of the rare species from Drath—the illusion magic was completely shattered, and however many tails she had were gone. Her magic or nature must have kept her alive.
“Dead gods.”
Water sloshed onto the deck, wet, mixed with blood and other dark substances that stained the wood. Tulm strode over, pushing aside [Mages] and [Healers].
“Strategist, the toxins—other elements—”
“Silence. Let her speak.”
A blank stare from the Kitsune woman. Tulm, standing over her, heard a voice, garbled with water in her lungs. Then he realized the truth.
She was dead. No one could survive her wounds. So the magic-user had enchanted her body. He was speaking to a dead woman.
“—tell his Imperial Majesty. Tell them. Hello? Hello?”
“I am Tulm the Mithril. Can you hear me, servant of Drath?”
The sightless head actually turned, and all shuddered, but the relief in the voice was evident.
“Good. I know you, Dullahan. I have—I must tell you our last report. Our fleet has been wiped out. Drath must know.”
“What happened?”
Tulm knelt there, staring around for the other ships. The [Captain] had access to Dullahans who could dive into the water, fearless of the depths—only monsters. Yet he was whispering to Xol.
“Our [Mages] are scanning the water, but we can’t find other ships, War Walker Xol.”
“They may have fought a running battle—”
“No, War Walker. You do not understand. We cannot even find the rest of this ship. Even deep. We have searched for forty miles in every direction and are expanding. It is as if the rest of the fleet vanished.”
The dead woman was speaking. Tulm listened to her as he grew more uneasy still.
“Please carry my message as I speak it.”
“It will be done.”
He was recording, having this transcribed—the Kitsune hesitated. Even now, clinging to…something, she was still of Drath.
“To his Imperial Majesty. I am Kitsune Sharetsu. I beg leave to report the destruction of Border Fleet Haes-sal. All our [Abyssal Hunters]…slain. I am sending our report via Dullahans of the Iron Vanguard to my shame as I am unable to…”
She wasn’t speaking in Drathian, but under [Translation] spells. Tulm was watching her face. She was fading. Whatever magic was keeping her intact wouldn’t last, and he didn’t have [Necromancers].
“Kitsune—”
She seemed to realize formalities wouldn’t work either. The Kitsune coughed out more dark water.
