8.77 B
Page 4
However…help was not coming from the Forgotten Wing. Jungle Tails was on the march. If there were any last haven, it would come from the friendly Giant.
Luan.
 
——
 
Jungle Tails marched across the trade-roads, closing in on the Forgotten Wing’s headquarters. Not just closing in on Elvallian—they made their presence known in other cities, strategic points where companies like Fezimet’s declared for them, effectively painting the map in their colors.
They also moved closer to places they wanted. Armies of Lizardfolk that independent or smaller companies could fight, negotiate with, or assimilate into.
It was not unopposed, of course. The Forgotten Wing Company was spread out across its holdings—it had diverted most of its armies to keep all it could, in fact. A Great Company of Baleros was not going to take this lying down.
Unfortunately, the only three forces who could definitively wade in and stop Jungle Tails from re-emerging didn’t really want to.
The Iron Vanguard, Maelstrom’s Howling, and Eyes of Baleros had increased their presence on their borders heavily, a warning to the Lizardfolk company. But they were watching and perhaps hoping the Forgotten Wing Company took a blow. After all…if two Gemstone Crawlers fought, you got to pick up the pieces, eh? Both Forgotten Wing and Jungle Tails might well be most nervous of what happened after one or the other came out on top and borders restabilized. Because three Great Companies might be waiting to tap them on the shoulder for Round 2.
So there wasn’t as much blood as forces moving, retreating, and seeing where the other was going. It was—ironically—less bloody than any of the other continents.
At least in most places. The Titan’s academy was going to have unwelcome guests very, very soon, and that would not end without a lot of death.
The roads were still scary as Lizardfolk stopped every traveler and caravan—sometimes just to check their cargo and ask a few questions before letting them on, or detain their enemies. Mostly just to make a statement. Jungle Tails was back, and you’d better start answering to them.
That made their enemies’ lives a lot harder. Like, say, a badly burned Drake who was fleeing after nearly being incinerated in a forest and fighting his way out of the Featherfolk Brigade’s forces. Kissilt was almost positive he was dead if Jungle Tails found him.
He would not believe even a Lizardfolk company was so incompetent as to not realize he was Niers’ student and the one who had led a successful guerrilla operation. He was dead if they got him, and yet he had to go for help.
They didn’t have the forces to save Paeth. Kissilt needed to borrow, beg, or outright steal any forces who could be spared to delay the attack on the city. It wasn’t just that he wanted more artifacts to compliment the Ring of [Invisible Fireball] he’d been given—which had saved his life twice already by blowing enemy groups to bits.
This was personal. They’d nearly burned him to death. Him! A Drake! And…he had to admit, in his scaly heart, that the Drake was on the Fraerlings’ side. They had a grand city, even if Cotm refused to let him know where it was, and like a good son of a Walled City, Kissilt would happily kill any bastards who wanted to tear down the walls.
