8.77 B
Page 8
…No, really. It wasn’t a joke. Luan had given Daly his enchanted crossbow because the United Nations company was on Paeth’s side. He’d taken Noa because she was armed well enough to make any would-be [Bandits] who caught him have a really bad time, if they could even manage it.
Did this matter? Luan’s arms ached from rowing for the last six hours, nevermind his Skills. An [Expert Rower] and [Athlete] on top of his status as one of the fastest scullers in the world meant he was sparing on stamina potions, but he knew this was no sprint or race.
This was a marathon. Paeth was going to be found, but he had days…at least a day or two. Maybe more. The city would not necessarily fall overnight.
In that time, he had to find everyone he could. He had told the others he was going to do deliveries, and they’d agreed that was his forte, but would it help?
“If I have to, I will row a hundred [Soldiers] back here myself. Ken, get in contact with other cities. Named-Adventurers if we can somehow hire them, but anyone, anyone Cotm’s [Strategists] can find in a hundred miles—I’ll row them here.”
Madness. A Courier—no, an Olympian’s boast. Noa herself had been amazed when he made it, but he really was…arrogant? Confident? Or maybe his ego just matched his accomplishments. Luan would circle Baleros, if he had to, to find one more person to fight.
However…she saw his expression of concentration as he accelerated again in a clear patch. Kissilt swore and held onto the scull, rocking it slightly with nerves. Luan was the best sculler in the world, but he looked pained.
Because that was all he could do.
 
——
 
They were almost at Moxy when the Courier had to slow for the first and only time in seven hours. And it wasn’t because he wanted to—it was just that the sheer congestion of ships waiting to enter the port city made it clear something was going on.
Plus—Luan slowed between two smaller vessels, took a peek out, and realized that one did not simply shoot out in front of warships.
They were exiting Moxy with the tide running from the water locks as the port city towered above them. It was actually very high up, and you’d rise through a water lock up to the city proper—to protect it from monsoons and tidal waves.
They’d stopped traffic, though, because of how many ships were coming up. It wasn’t a traffic jam, just an inconvenience, but Luan heard only grumbling—mainly because it was a fleet of ships armed for war.
Armed and armored. Luan eyed the enchanted runes on the ships. One had metal scales, like it was armored in scale-mail, each one with glowing sigils of magic. He couldn’t guess how expensive it was, but Kissilt leaned over and whistled.
“Ancestors! That thing could duel one of Zeres’ biggest warships! What’s going on here? Why’s a Drathian Border Fleet stopped at Moxy?”
Some of the captains on the ships heard him and looked down. They recognized the Drake and Luan, and after introductions, one leaned over. She was a Garuda with a huge hat—ironically, one that looked like it was accented with reptile skin, rather than with a feather.
“You bound for Moxy too? It’ll be only twenty minutes or so. They should have been gone already, but their lead ship is anchored. Some kind of problem? Bastards won’t even tell us what’s going on. No one knows. It’s a Drathian Border Fleet, alright. The Iron Vanguard was keeping pace with them all the way up the coast, but they stopped at Moxy for provision—and to hire [Mercenaries].”
“[Mercenaries]? In a Border Fleet?”
Luan looked from the [Captain] to Kissilt. He raised a hand.
“What’s a Border Fleet?”
