8.77 B
Page 5
So, he was on the move to the port-trade city of Moxy. Yes, ‘Moxy’. Lizardfolk liked the word, so they named an entire city after it—mainly because it took a huge pounding whenever the waves decided it was time to hurl forty-foot-tall ones. Not exactly fun for a trading port? Well then, you’d never seen how fast you could enter and exit with the tide. [Merchants] hated or loved it, and they had these wonderful checkpoints with gates that allowed ships to float upwards to the upper port and city proper.
Not bad for a Lizard city, in short. And it wasn’t Jungle Tails; it might have been Lizardfolk run, but it was neutral and in fact had a Centaur for a [Governor].
And the largest group of Drakes you could find on this damn continent. If Kissilt wanted to hire mercenaries and an actual army of anywhere over a thousand—it was there.
Still, he had to go in person. Marian had risked the trip by hoof; she was going to nearby Centaurs for help, and Umina and Cameral had also thought they could get by on disguises.
However, Kissilt was a Drake. So getting to Moxy was tough. Interestingly, though…for all the presence on the roads? Jungle Tails throwing their tails around?
They didn’t have much control over the water at all. Even if they did—the Drake was pretty certain his transporter could outrun most threats.
“I don’t know where we’re going. I’ve never been down the Whitewash Channel. Do you mean Whitewater Channel?”
The dark-skinned Human stopped paddling, and Kissilt stopped holding onto his back. The Drake [Strategist] relaxed his death-grip hug on Luan and was glad the [Rower] didn’t mention it.
Kissilt had sailed through storms to get to Baleros and seen a Sea Serpent attack that was less scary than how Luan rowed. Seeing it on the scrying orb? Looked sort of fun, right?
Luan skipping his scull-thing over the water into the air made Kissilt want to vomit. Then he realized how low to the water and light the craft was—and how even a large wave could capsize them. Then they’d run into sharks.
Luan had jumped the sharks and carried them across the coastline. Then he’d run into piranhas that leapt out of the water. Kissilt had punched one. Then they’d run into Reefeyes.
The Courier’s scull was one of the fastest, most agile vehicles on water in the world, and Kissilt had suspicions about where the Human had gotten it. Especially because Cotm had suggested Kissilt take a sea-journey to Moxy.
However, the Drake had been too busy screaming to interrogate Luan, and he was so relieved to enter safe waters again that he didn’t bring it up. Luan’s vessel might be fast—but it was also the most dangerous thing to pilot, being so small. Compare that to a warship, which might be slow, but was safe. Or the Iron Vanguard’s Krakenbane Destroyers.
“It’s Whitewash. You’ve never seen the channel? Seriously? I suppose if you never sailed up here…we’re about midway through Baleros. It’s famous. One of the trade ports.”
Luan nodded. He’d slowed his mad paddling—or rowing or whatever, he was picky about names—but he still cut up the channel at an amazing pace. Kissilt wasn’t sure he could run as fast as Luan was going, and this was the slowest the Courier had gone all day.
“You know, I’m grateful about this—speedy delivery and all, but you don’t need to get me to Moxy by tonight to earn a tip.”
