8.77 B
Page 15
Three-Color Stalker’s armor. Foliana shook her head.
“Nope. So I can give…a speech. Then it’s time for war.”
Foliana’s war. Perorn wasn’t sure what proved this was a crisis more. The armor of Three-Color Stalker, a dusty, black hide of a monster that Foliana refused to name, that had lived in the Labyrinth of Souls, the last great dungeon that she and Niers had conquered with their famous team, which let her fade against the world like a shadow and protected all but her head—
Or the speech.
 
——
 
The sight of Three-Color Stalker on the scrying orbs was surprising to everyone. Especially her company’s commanders and officers.
She didn’t give speeches.
Foliana infamously gave one speech ever, and that was during the fundraiser. Niers Astoragon sometimes addressed the entire company or spread recordings around, but this?
This meant it was bad. Jungle Tails had reappeared, and this speech was being circulated on news channels—but it went through the Forgotten Wing Company first.
A speech. They all had their orders, but all the officers felt this might be…a bad move. Foliana was no speaker, and the average soldier, when told by the supreme leader of their company that all was well and ‘do not panic’—tended to do the opposite.
Although it was classic Foliana. The image of her reflected her giant eye, blinking at them at first, then she drew back and peered as curiously at them as her audience saw her. She blinked a few times, and someone murmured.
“Commander, you’re live.”
“Oh. I am? Do I begin now? Mm. Okay.”
A bit of whispering in the background. Foliana faced the camera, and Three-Color Stalker began to speak in a level, carrying voice. She looked past the viewers, into the middle distance, and her voice was composed and solemn.
“Mm. Two decades ago, the King of Destruction launched an invasion from Chandrar. He sent his armies sailing to each continent in the world, conquering, claiming lands and overthrowing kingdoms. He sought to conquer the world.”
Everyone heard the familiar…very familiar words. Jaws dropped. Behind the Squirrel Woman, a Centauress covered her face.
“His Seven were legendary. Each one could defeat an army, and his great [Strategist], the Gambler of Fates, Queravia, he sent to Baleros. Here. He sent his other vassals across the seas, to Izril, establishing footholds, battling his foes. But the world was turned against him, and the seas themselves sought to stop—wait a second. This is the wrong speech.”
Perorn had kicked Foliana, and the [Rogue] blinked. She tapped the side of her head as the Centauress hissed at her and then turned. She stared at her audience and muttered.
“[Memorize Speech]. I forgot to memorize the new one.”
She, Three-Color Stalker, had memorized one speech for over eight years straight? And forgotten a new one? It spoke to Foliana that people were not certain if this was her being…Foliana or a serious mistake.
The [Rogue] stared blankly at the camera and stopped someone from turning it off. She hopped forwards and stood there, staring into the camera.
“Okay. New speech. I am Foliana. Comm—Supreme Muffin Commander of the Forgotten Wing Company. The Titan’s boss. He reports to me. You don’t know me. I don’t like speeches. I don’t like having to lead.”
She looked straight into the camera, unblinking now, and her voice was conversational, placid—she seldom sounded angry or upset, and she didn’t now.
