8.77 B
Page 0

(The author is on break until the 9th of April! Be ready. We’re closing the volume.)
 
They were burning it all down. Enchanter Ilekrome watched the blazes spreading. Lamia hurled [Fireballs] into the wet brush, but mainly it was Lizardfolk with actual torches slowly setting blazes. Fanning flames.
They were bad at it at first. It was harder to burn a jungle than simply setting a torch; Baleros was an entire natural habitat, not some artificial creation like wide farmsteads or pure grass that dried out and became fodder for blazes.
In fact—a natural setting like this had far less tinder like fallen branches or sticks. Baleros consumed and turned most material into mossy mulch rather than dried leaves.
Still.
It was all flammable. The Featherfolk Brigade were slow at first, but they quickly re-learned the fundamentals of fire.
Not just flame itself, or mere heat, but fuel. Oxygen—they brought in [Aeromancers] after the first day, and that was when Ilekrome knew Paeth was in danger. Strong winds began blowing embers, smoke, and fire straight into the brush. The heat dried out the landscape, and once a critical mass of fire was created, hot enough to continue the inferno—the entire jungle became fuel.
It was a kind of madness. Centaurs had employed it once, burning the land to create their flat plains. This…this killed everything.
Not just rare plants, or all the jobs and income revolving around the forest. Animals died or fled. It would shatter the balance of life in this area. Allow certain animals to move in on the remains. It was so destructive, in fact, that the ashlands that remained afterwards would be nearly worthless until life regrew. At least…at least a decade, Ilekrome guessed. He was no [Druid], but even the blind could guess how poor a choice this was.
Indeed, that was why this decision was being protested so hard. The [Enchanter] was watching via scrying spells, no matter the risk; Paeth had to know where the fires were, and their magic outstripped the Tallfolk.
But he was also monitoring their communication spells. So he got to read—even hear some conversations.
Commander Fezimet was dealing with mass protests by horrified Lizardfolk in his city, already unhappy with his eviction of the Last Light’s Company. This? If it weren’t for the Featherfolk Brigade’s strength, there might have been actual riots, but thousands of soldiers were joining the burning and clamped down on the streets.
Curfew was in effect. However—other companies were just as curious.
“This is not your land, Commander. We claim it, and you are threatening to burn it all!”
A Medusa was snarling at Fezimet as Ilekrome watched. Yet the Quexal was superior to her smaller company, and he hissed back.
“I will halt the fires once they reach your land, Marsh Leader Yuise. I have an objective, and I am working for Jungle Tails.”
“You cannot do this! Even a former Great Company—”
The Quexal was unsettled; he was already brusque in the short argument, but Ilekrome saw him react to Yuise’s comment with sudden and ferocious anger. Fezimet bared all his teeth in a snarl.
“Should I report this to Jungle Tails, then, that your company is their enemy, Yuise? Will I see your company on the field?”
The Medusa went silent. Fezimet drew back.
“That is what I thought. Build your fire breaks—Talenqual is burning the land it possesses. I will—will brook no argument!”
