8.77 B
Page 17
One of the Forgotten Wing’s most rarely-seen Generals was stationed on their border with the vast, deep heart of Baleros where the Eyes of Baleros, the Gazer-led company, existed. Thanks to his presence, the Gazers respected the border.
The Jungle Tails army had a high complement of Nagas of the Medusa and Gorgon persuasion—perhaps because they too existed near the Eyes of Baleros and picked up on the eye-based attacks.
Medusae, slithering forwards with their gazes of stone, Gorgons likewise. They could paralyze foes by themselves. With Skills and en-masse? They could almost turn entire detachments of soldiers to stone with their eyes alone, like the legends!
Well, at least lock them down and petrify the epidermis. Their confidence lasted as they marched towards the smaller garrison of the Forgotten Wing company occupying a city along the jungle, right until they saw the half-Elves with bows, sturdy walls…but mostly Diomedes himself.
Medusa and Gorgons slowly looked…up…as a figure parted the tops of the tree canopies, pushing aside branches. Birds flew screaming into the sky as a calm figure strode out of the wild heart of Baleros.
Of course—he had armor. Niers Astoragon had hired thirty-two [Smiths] to work on it. Armor for the General. He bore a single weapon; a greataxe, the edge so long it could cleave a Gorgon apart lengthwise and have room for more.
What scared the Nagas was the stare. A single eye set in a face. No—the eye was most of the face. One vast eye as the Cyclops waited. The General stopped…and leaned on his weapon. For the first times in their lives, the Gorgons and Medusae found themselves locked in a staring contest they had no confidence in.
Diomedes had outstared Gazers. One vast pupil on his face contracted to a point as the pure, sandstone iris glowed faintly. He waited.
 
——
 
A line in the sand.
As Luan rowed for Moxy, Kenjiro Murata sought an audience first with the Medusa Yuise, then the leader of the Sandskim Company. Daly and Paige met Quallet Marshhand.
That was the first day. The burgeoning blazes being fed by the Featherfolk Brigade suddenly came under threat as a squall blew in from the coast. Heavy rains.
In response, Fezimet hired his own [Mages] and forced his Lamias to counter the weather spells. It was difficult; the spells were practically impossible to ‘cut’, or so his [Mages] claimed. But by sheer, overwhelming magical potential they forced the rains to abate.
Luan dropped Kissilt off at Moxy. The city was buzzing with talk about the Drathian fleet, not least because they had hired [Mercenaries]—everyone they could. Drath didn’t need [Mercenaries].
There were enough, Kissilt assured Luan, good Drakes and so on to justify their visit. Luan rowed on, heading north. Noa’s lodestone bracelet reported Sentry Leader Ekrn and Guidance Heish would not be coming back to Paeth.
Every bird, creature, and possible Fraerling conveyance was being shot down by members of Jungle Tails.
 
——
 
The next day dawned with smoke in the air of Talenqual. The protests were getting violent. Lizardfolk almost never clashed with Nagas, their leaders, but Fezimet had begun chopping down trees—so he could pile them on the blaze.
Amidst it all, his soldiers were casually watching the United Nations company headquarters. They didn’t see much. Daly and Paige mostly met with Quallet Marshhand, who was essentially loitering outside of Talenqual by a good margin. He had accepted an offer for an as-yet unknown attack contract.
Not to participate, but to consider it. He was considering…a lot of things.
