8.77 B
Page 29
So smart. So clever. Everyone did that. Foliana rolled her eyes as she nibbled on her snack. They thought they knew her Skill…but the truth was, its utility was far more than finding one mark or seeing through an enemy [Spy]’s eyes.
She was eating a stick of pale, white super-sugarcane. A Nali-stick. It was sugar incarnate, and Foliana’s tongue went a bit numb from eating it. 
However, she didn’t know who—but there was always someone, especially in Balerosian armies, who loved Nali-sticks. As she approached a camp, Foliana began to taste color. 
Synesthesia. She found a perspective—slipped into it.
 
——
 
Yawning, the Lizardgirl ambled out of her tent where everyone was playing magic cards. She looked around, bladder overfull, and began trotting to the latrines. She had a terrible sore on her foot, but she was afraid to ask the Nagas about healing it. They were on-edge after all the traps, and no one wanted to be in the forest, but they had to be there. This was Jungle Tails’ time!
She was going to probably get promoted once they survived this. If…the Lizardgirl hurried to the latrine and began smelling it. She put a claw over her nose-holes. She wished she had the private quarters. Still, she found a spot, squatted down—
 
——
 
—And that was quite enough of that. Foliana had put herself in worse perspectives, and she would have lingered, but she didn’t need to.
She had just seen the entire interior of the enemy camp, gotten a good look at their patrols and sentries—and learned the commanding officers had a separate latrine.
So Foliana headed straight for the camp. She eyed the sentries, and her eyes of three colors…began to see. 
Three-Color Stalker was not just a name. It was her class. It was…almost perfectly her class. Except for one part that she’d learned in that Named-rank dungeon, in order to fight down there.
Her eyes were a gift, three parts of magic. Foliana saw three layers of the world when she chose to.
[Three-Color Soulstalker].
The first of what Foliana saw was…intention. It wasn’t true mind-reading, like Selphids could do, but more like seeing what you were about to do. Like—were you about to turn your head? She saw that. Was something itching? She noticed it.
It could allow you, if you were used to it, to notice someone favoring their left side or about to pull a dagger. It also let her see who was going where—a limited foresight that could be tricked by the unexpected.
But very helpful in picking a route. 
The second layer made the world simply…glow. Different shades of cold and hot. Heat-vision was not the most impressive sight, but Foliana employed it now; it was still useful, especially because Lizardfolk and Nagas had different temperatures, like Drakes and Humans and so on. She marked a few Nagas in the distance.
Finally? Her eyes saw a Level 13 [Watcher] on-guard on her left, and two [Soldiers], Level 18 and 14 respectively, on a patrol.
[Watcher] was an interesting class. That was definitely to guard against ambushes and so on, so she slipped towards the [Soldiers]. She could see levels and classes—only an artifact or Skill could guard against her.
Foliana hopped into the Jungle Tails’ camp. Twenty minutes later, she hopped out and rubbed her blades in the dirt.
Then she moved on. She was alert, wary—but their leader had been a Level 31 Naga [Commander]. Nothing special.
Level 30 was not special when she had over twice that many levels. That was the truth of it. Foliana was sure some of them were brave or smart, and everyone had a talent.
