8.77 B
Page 25
Mainly because…the campaign across the continent wasn’t going half as well as they wanted. Foliana’s orders and their strategy of diversifying their best forces meant that Jungle Tails’ reclamation of their holdings and stealing the Forgotten Wing’s had literally ground to a stop in some areas. The capital was weak, and if they took that, the Forgotten Wing was dealt a critical blow. Maybe even collapsed if the Three-Color Stalker and Fleethoof both died.
But fail to do that and they had very little to show for it. Jungle Tails were running into the very same forces they had expected Perorn to hold onto, which would have made a siege a long affair of starving or wearing the defenders down. Instead?
They ran into Marshwalkers, Gloriam, General Diomedes, and others of the Forgotten Wing’s finest. Including the Titan’s Chesstowers.
 
——
 
They were short towers. Nothing like the gigantic ones that Drevish the Architect built, sometimes just to see how tall he could make them.
Short—and oddly wide. They looked like they were made of stone, but it was actually a mix of stone, wood, and lighter materials.
But enchanted. Fireproof, mostly catapult-proof, certainly arrow-proof, and there were twenty-seven currently made. Each one was extremely expensive to build, but they had all the hallmarks of good towers.
Good towers had superior crenellations and places for happy people—in this case, Lizardfolk—to shoot arrows down at really unhappy besiegers. Murder holes, a variety of liquids and solids to toss through them, and enchantments on the walls like ‘set the entire tower aflame so that anyone climbing a ladder regrets it’.
Even anti-siege engine spells that could blow apart a siege tower. Of course, the Chesstowers, as they were named, were still vulnerable to being overwhelmed, which was why Niers never left them alone.
Oh…and one more thing?
They walked.
Eight towers slowly crept over the hill as Jungle Tails’ forces realized they’d reached a fortified space.
A moving fortification. The Chesstowers slowly inched forwards. And, to the horror of the disbelieving [Soldiers] who’d never seen it before—they saw the towers rise up slightly and hundreds of feet start shuffling towards them.
Niers Astoragon, a Fraerling, was familiar with how light you could make even stone with magic. Thusly, he had an idea:
Why not make a tower that you can haul around? It meant you could redeploy them, bunch them up—and push an enemy back.
It was a strange idea he’d gotten a long time ago, when he’d run into a Hollowstone Deceiver for the first time. The concept was the same; hundreds of Lizardfolk lifted the tower from below and walked it forwards.
They also laughed at you as they did, and the ones on top jeered as their foes retreated.
Naturally, the Titan’s foes called them his Chesstowers, a name Niers adopted and even began to commission some to look like rooks, bishops, and so on. Jungle Tails milled around—right until a catapult mounted on one of the towers began hurling rocks down the now-fortified hills. The cheery Lizardfolk waved at the retreating enemy.
No getting through this way. I mean…go ahead and try. We totally don’t have an army behind us or anything.
They had an army behind them.
 
——
 
Take Elvallian. Take the city.
With Gloriam gone and the Chesstowers on deployment elsewhere…they could take the city! They had to take the city.
If this were a classroom example of a war, it would be here that Niers would have stopped his class and asked what mistake Jungle Tails had made. He would expect any student to understand—
