8.77 B
Page 37
Everyone was dead. However, the [Assassin], tracing the carnage around the room, found a lot of blood that didn’t belong to any Lizardfolk. Quickly, he collected as much as he could. He pressed his palm into the bloodstain with some vindictive relish, then snapped at the commanding officer.
“Get me every [Hexer], curse specialist, and so on that you can. This is Three-Color Stalker’s blood. Don’t let her heal. [My Quarry Bleeds Out]. Your turn, you damn monster!”
Jungle Tails quickly spread word that their [General] had heroically—at the cost of his life—slain Three-Color Stalker. A rumor which Perorn instantly denied.
However—Foliana didn’t reappear on the battlefield. Perorn herself found Foliana collapsed against a wall, unable to heal as mages hexed her, clutching a piece of jagged metal. No potions or magic—they had to put her under a [Healer]’s treatment, bereft of Skills.
Then the siege resumed, and Perorn braced herself for the final battle. Only—without Three-Color Stalker. And the Titan?
He was still missing.
 
——
 
Crelerbane. Fraerlings in Adamantium armor, from head-to-toe.
They took to the field, led by Crelerguard Poire. Not all hundred; forty were now pledged to guard the evacuating citizens.
After much argument, Crelerguard Poire convinced the Architects to let her forces sortie. They had to. It was that or fight under the shadows of Paeth’s branches. And the Crelerbane forces had never been designed to defend, but attack.
They were meant to march into Creler nests and slay them. A match even for Juvenile Crelers. During the Creler wars, thousands had been sent to fight even Adult Crelers.
However, their armor did not make them invincible. The Fraerlings within were sitting in nigh-indestructible armor…but they were fragile. They were not Tallguard and could not maneuver. Signim did not work with their armor.
If they went out…they’d have to fight their way back. Even so, Poire demanded to try and slow their advance. So the Tallguard of Feiland supported their advance as fifty Fraerlings took to the field.
There they made their stand. At first, the Tallfolk barely noticed someone at ankle-height walking up to them. It was comical when they did see—a Fraerling in armor? What was the point? Then they saw a Fraerling raise an enchanted axe—and de-ankle a Lizardfolk. Then the [Soldiers] attacked.
A Lizardwoman did a run-up and kicked Poire as hard as she could. The Fraerling in her suit felt the impact—but she mostly heard the Lizardwoman break every toe. She whirled her axe, and the enchanted edge slashed the foot. Crelerbane weapons were designed to maximize a Fraerling’s reach.
“Crelerbane, give them Rhir’s hell! For Paeth and Oierdressql! Charge!”
The first few minutes, the first contact, was a relief. The Tallfolk had never conceived of Adamantium-wielding Fraerlings. They couldn’t use their arrows; the tips just shattered on the armor. Hit them? The Fraerlings were so small, and they used the Tallfolk’s fallen for cover. They advanced fast, as the enchanted armor added to their strength, and hacked at the Tallfolk from below. Eventually you’d reach their heads.
Brave Fraerlings. They were fighting Giants. Poire looked up as a Naga swung a spear, trying to jab at her. She felt the impact as the Naga tried to hold Poire down. The Fraerling just severed the tip of the spear.
If only they were truly invincible. The Crelerguard kept shouting.
“Crelerbane, you will fall back if your armor is compromised! You are not allowed to die! Tallguard—Signim free! Cover our backs!”
