8.77 B
Page 12
Someone wearing robes strode down the deck. Luan’s skipping heart, the confused Kissilt, and Noa finally got some clarity. All at once, a…semi-translucent bubble appeared from a glowing hand and some object the woman was holding.
A stone with writing? Then—as the bubble passed over Kissilt, who nearly went off the boat trying to avoid it, and Luan, his ears popped, and the babble of words from the soldiers and officers suddenly became English.
“—saying ‘Japanese’ to us. He appears to be a Courier, and that Drake invoked the Walled City of Manus. His Excellency should not be bothered at this crucial moment, but…”
The officer broke off as the [Mage] who’d cast the [Translation Field] called down. Luan heard her actual words, in another language, before the louder English overrode them in her voice.
“You there, Human! What do you…want?”
He stood up on his scull slightly.
“I am Luan Khumalo, a Courier! I beg your forgiveness—I was trying to communicate, but I don’t know much of—Drathian!”
“Intriguing. Someone knows any?”
She flicked her gaze up and down him. Now that Luan saw her, he saw the [Mage] had pale white robes with an odd pattern of cut cloth. Red on the sleeves—and he thought this was the same person with a tail. A bushy one—only she looked almost completely Human.
Except for maybe the eyes and the way she called him Human. She moved with a strange grace, and now that Luan saw more people coming to the railings, he saw a definite change in their appearance.
They might be Humans—mostly—but some of them had flawless skin or looked too handsome or beautiful. Others didn’t sweat despite wearing heavy armor under the sun. Kissilt took one look at someone and muttered.
“Oh, right. Drathians and their tonics and pills. Damn [Cultivators].”
The woman heard that and narrowed her eyes, but spoke to Luan.
“What do you want, Courier? We respect your kind, but Drath is not expecting any deliveries, and our Border Fleet is on a mission of urgency.”
“I…was hoping to hire your vessel, if I could. Or some force? Or just speak—”
Some laughter started and went silent as the woman gave Luan a highly amused look. She turned, covered her mouth to whisper something, and called back.
“I do not believe…his Walled City could hire this vessel, Courier. Nor are our blades for sale.”
She nodded at Kissilt, and he opened his mouth, nearly falling out of the boat as Luan rocked it deliberately. However, the strange woman hesitated. She eyed Luan’s scull.
“Then again, you have very powerful artifacts, Courier. And…other surprises.”
She stared for a second, and Luan felt a chill. She was glancing straight at Noa. But she made it look like she was staring at the tattoo on Luan’s arm. Kissilt instantly went to look, and Luan gently pushed him into the water.
Amid the spluttering, Luan looked up. The amused Drathian was smiling, but there was a tenseness in her features.
“Can I hire any of you? Or can I at least ask why you’ve stopped? Is something…wrong?”
Something was clearly wrong. The woman glanced over her shoulder, and Luan saw the group of strange weapon-holders stirring.
Young men and women. Carrying giant swords, axes, and weapons larger than they were. They were apart from the soldiers and perhaps—superior?
Or just apart. They were all rising to their feet as someone staggered across the deck. The woman turned.
“You cannot come aboard. We are bound away from Baleros. Now. Something is…what is he doing? Stop him! Stop—”
