8.77 B
Page 21
Someone nodded to Luan as he came up the United Nation’s street. Luan did a double-take as he saw a Lizardgirl with a peg-leg.
“Quexa? What are you doing here?”
She and a squad of Gravetender’s Fist were casually loitering around. A patrol of Talenqual’s Watch passed by, giving them vaguely uneasy looks, but Gravetender’s Fist was not an enemy. If anything—Fezimet was courting them. The Lizardgirl grinned at Luan.
“Just playing a bit of guard-duty. You looking for your company? Quallet’s been talking with them all day. Ken just got back!”
“Do you need to be on guard-duty?”
Luan felt that this was a bad sign, but Quexa just waved it off.
“Actually—Gravetender’s Fist is filling in a bit for the Featherfolk Brigade. Quallet’s mulling over this big contract, but Fezimet needs someone to fill in for all the [Soldiers] he’s pulled to burn the forest. Bad stuff. We’re here because the [Druids] attacked.”
“What?”
Again, the Lizardgirl reassured Luan all was well. Much to his disappointment, actually.
“It wasn’t much. Not the Sea Shepherds—they’d have been scary. Some wild ones. A few hundred took shots at the walls and started conjuring some nasty spells. Swarms of insects. Some real ones. Yuck.”
She shuddered. The plague of attacking insects had lasted all of three hours while the [Druids] harassed the Featherfolk Brigade in short battles—then withdrew. Quallet had the unenviable task of making sure they didn’t return.
Luan wished the Sea Shepherds had sailed into port, but it seemed they were unwilling to—or the Iron Vanguard’s defensive positioning around Baleros to stymie the Titan’s return was getting in their way.
It was all connected. Luan just hated that the connections failed to help Paeth.
Quexa bid farewell to Luan and saw him drag the scull towards the United Nations’ buildings. A Lizardfolk under her command poked her head around Quexa.
“That’s Luan the Rower?”
“Yep. Told you we’d see him. I knew him when he was just some [Soldier] and we were a suppression company. Disappointed?”
The other Lizardgirl gave Quexa a big shake of the head. She and Quexa both watched Luan’s back. He was shirtless and still covered in sweat.
“Look at those back muscles! Skin is so cool. And weird. You don’t see that with scales. See how they keep moving?”
Quexa swatted at the other Lizardgirl.
“Get back on duty!”
Luan paid no notice to the conversation behind him. Luan, Luan’s back muscles, and Noa all entered the United Nations headquarters just in time to see a fight.
For once—it wasn’t who you expected.
Daly and Ken were arguing fiercely in the center of a small crowd, and it was exceptionally rare to see Ken red-faced. Daly was pale, but Ken was holding his ground.
“I am sorry if you are upset, Daly.”
“Upset? This is a disaster! You should have asked—”
“I couldn’t! Couldn’t—not—I made a choice. It had to be done or no one would help us!”
Ken was so upset he was having trouble expressing himself in English—both turned as Luan put down his scull.
“What’s going on?”
“Luan!”
Ken and Daly looked at each other, then began to hustle Luan into the back. Right up until Dawson barred their way.
“Hold on. You lot can’t drag Luan to the back. What’s going on? Ken came back, told you we get some Dullahans to agree to oppose the Featherfolk Brigade, and you started going off on him, Daly. Are we really all joining, uh…what’s that weird organization from home?”
“Greenpeace?”
“Sea Shepherds? The other ones, I mean?”
Dawson snapped his fingers.
