8.77 B
Page 23
“Not for a forest. If your company could offer sufficient recompense…I will not insult you. I have already received two offers from an unpleasant Drake and Strategist Cameral for sums that might be sufficient. Even the Forgotten Wing’s famous Fleethoof has made an offer. Were it Featherfolk alone, the Grasgil Blockade would take action. Not for Jungle Tails. Perhaps a coalition of companies…but we do not know why we must combat them.”
No company leader—well, okay. Most weren’t fools. They knew Fezimet was doing this for a reason. Ken looked at the Dullahan and saw Vitor’s head, resting on a pillow, watching him. So Ken slowly bowed.
“Commander Vitor. There are many things I may not speak of as a point of extreme honor and obligation, you understand?”
“You are a [Diplomat] of great integrity, I believe. This I understand—go on.”
“Thank you. Then—I may only say that Fezimet’s burning of the jungle is a terrible thing in itself. However, what if I were to say that it was not the only terrible deed being done? I cannot speak of it. Only hypo…um…hypoth…”
“Hypotheticals?”
“Yes!”
Ken flushed, and Vitor nodded. His body adjusted his head and sat up a bit more, with sudden, extreme interest.
“What would those be, exactly?”
Ken thought fast. Then he did what he had promised not to do, and what would lead Daly, Siri, and everyone else to explode with worry.
“Commander Vitor. Would you be willing to…sign a treaty? I regret that I do not have the wording, but perhaps it can be written here.”
“A treaty to battle? As I have said, the Grasgil Blockade is not willing to go to battle.”
“No, I would not go that far. Perhaps—a treaty that condemns and opposes the destruction—in hypothetical—of a sovereign nation? A city of people, innocent children. A species in hiding. Commander Vitor. Would the Grasgil Blockade support a Fraerling city in jeopardy from attack? Hypothetically?”
The Dullahan stirred. He actually put his head back on his shoulders and leaned forwards.
“Hypothetically…you must tell me more.”
 
——
 
Ken told Vitor. Then he went back and told the Centaurs. He had returned to Talenqual on the way south with four signatures from four companies, all condemning the attack on a Fraerling city. He’d even named it.
“Paeth! You sold them out!”
“I did not.”
Ken grabbed Daly, and the [Diplomat] shouted back. It was so surprising that everyone stopped. Dawson was just staring at Noa, who was staring back. Kenjiro stormed around and spoke to everyone.
“They must know! There was no reason to do anything—but a Fraerling city is different. They are not—not all without hearts. You see?”
A company would never move to save a forest—at least, most companies. However, innocent people? Children?
Fraerlings? Ken had realized it in that moment—he turned to Luan pleadingly.
“I had to tell them. And it is better to.”
“Why?”
Luan was shaking, but Ken just looked past him out one of the windows to the burning air.
“Because it will never be unknown again.”
It took Luan a moment to realize what Ken meant, then Paige, carrying Resk and Kessice on her shoulders, sighed.
“Oh. Of course.”
The Featherfolk Brigade knew where Paeth was. Not just Fezimet. Not just their superiors. The officers had to know what they were searching for. The soldiers would know too—or guess. A tree with little people?
Paeth wasn’t in hiding. It was already found. And Ken…Ken was using that information rather than waiting until it was well and truly useless. Even Daly calmed down as everyone realized Ken was right.
