8.77 B
Page 30
She was just Three-Color Stalker. She visited three camps before the alarms began to sound, and people found the dead Nagas and high-level [Soldiers] with their throats cut, or in one case, lying in the bottom of the officer’s latrine. 
Terror.
 
——
 
Foliana was privately a bit miffed by everyone calling her Three-Color Stalker, which was synonymous with assassins. True…it was her class. But she had started out as a [Rogue], and that was how she thought of herself.
She was a true rogue. Not a mere assassin or thief…she had variance in her abilities and filled a role between the two. Traps and tricks.
But she had to admit—she’d gotten good at assassinations.
Moreover? Her kills were meant to terrify. Again—it wasn’t a numbers game. She could literally stab an entire camp to death. But she wanted to break their morale, and which was scarier? Hearing an entire camp was wiped out or waking up to find someone sleeping next to you had been killed and you’d never noticed?
And that was basic. Foliana was even more famous than other [Assassins] of guilds and organizations around the world because she was…inventive.
For instance, one slightly drunk Gorgon slithered out of his tent the first morning of her attacks and freaked out when he realized someone had covered him with liquid in his sleep! He shot out of his tent, screaming.
“Three-Color Stalker’s poisoned me!”
In front of his entire camp, he tore at the doodled muffin on his chest-scales. What had she done? Planted speaking stones, trap spells on him? His commanders surrounded him.
“Check your bag of holding! What’s that liquid?”
It wasn’t poison? If so, the Gorgon would have died when he slept, surely. It didn’t…smell that bad, so that ruled out humiliation. The Gorgon found an unfamiliar pair of objects in the bag of holding and tore them out. He tossed them down, and everyone dove for cover, but it was not an explosive alchemical potion or hostile spell.
It was an artifact, though. A small object, wrapped around a note. One of the braver Lizardfolk picked it up as the Gorgon began to make a faint sound. The Lizardperson read the note, looked up, and then screamed in horror.
 
Shouldn’t have removed the Resist Acid Charm.
—Foliana
 
The Gorgon, covered in acid, began to smoke and melt even as [Mages] and those surrounding him tried to wash it off with water spells.
Desertion began to become a factor after the first day of Three-Color Stalker’s raids. She went, mostly, after high-level targets, but there was a finite number of those, and the rank-and-file, faced with raids, traps, and an unkillable specter, began to revolt.
Hunter-killer teams were dispatched to find and slay Three-Color Stalker. She began leaving their heads outside of Jungle Tails’ camps in the mornings.
 
——
 
Five days was all it took for the Featherfolk Brigade to find Paeth. They abandoned burning the forest and closed in on a region of trees around the infested river by the coast. Then, they began felling the trees one-by-one.
No burning—fires vanished the instant they tried to light them. And the Lizardfolk didn’t know where Paeth was.
Not exactly. Their [Mages] only knew it was nearby; the magical signature was difficult to get a hold on. It was then, and only then, that the Fraerlings began to appear in person.
Tiny Tallguard swung out of the trees, firing crossbows. Mithril wire cut anyone walking into it at head-height. The Featherfolk Brigade found themselves fighting nigh-invisible foes with advanced magic.
…But the Fraerlings died if you caught them. One blow, even stepping on them—and they died.
