8.77 B
Page 19
A single Selphid stood in the Iron Vanguard’s path. A Centaur, in fact—and it was rare a Selphid had enough control to move a larger body like that by themselves.
But this one?
“Gloriam the Invincible. Cease fire. Their aura will take anything you can loose.”
Shamefaced Dullahans in charge of their siege weapons stepped back. Xol lifted his shield as he saw the Selphid looking his way. He struck it once and raised his blade up. A salute.
Behind the Selphid, the keep’s walls stood, not a scratch on them. So long as they were there—no one was going to scratch them. Same for the army.
Gloriam the Selphid, one of the most famous Selphids in existence. Gloriam wasn’t their original name, of course. They’d changed it to sound better.
Indeed, there was a lot that even the Iron Vanguard and Tulm didn’t know about one of the Forgotten Wing’s champions. If Xol could have shrunk down to a microcosm and squeezed into the dead Centaur’s body, he might have seen and heard something shocking.
For instance…the fact that there were two Selphids in the Centaur’s body. But Gloriam could move a Centaur by themself! They were famously large for a Selphid—not that most non-Selphids had any reference or could tell.
…Or had been. The interior conversation between Gloriam and the second Selphid was private. They could communicate, of course, but they didn’t…touch. Gloriam’s ‘voice’ was a thought in your mind.
“Xol of Ingrilt will face me, if any other. Keep us standing here.”
They were reassuring the second, nervous Selphid. He was a helper. And Level 21. What was notable here—was that he was maneuvering a few things. The legs, even arms and torso of Gloriam’s ‘body’ were under his control. Even most of the nervous system in the spine, in fact.
Gloriam’s true body was only around the chest and head. Enough to qualify as them piloting the body, albeit in tandem. Gloriam’s true form kept well away from their helper.
In fact, there was even a layer of gel at certain points that blocked either Selphid from touching.
“If—if we fight, Gloriam, what do I do?”
The younger Selphid was very nervous, but Gloriam reassured him.
“Just stick to our practice routines. But don’t…you’re intruding along the shoulder. Don’t touch me.”
A tendril withdrew. Gloriam the Invincible watched Tulm, keeping the Centaur’s face bland. They did not fear Xol—not any more than any other warrior. If the Iron Vanguard attacked, it would be a battle. Otherwise? Jungle Tails.
The Selphid had no fear of a War Walker or Naga. Spells, stones, arrows, and steel held little danger for the Selphid, even if they ejected themselves from their body and just lay there. However…they were still dying.
Piece by piece. So much so they’d lost over a third of their original mass, and that included memory and thought because Selphids had no central brain.
It was the Wasting, and only the necessity of keeping up appearances had convinced Gloriam to let another Selphid pilot the body. The Minds had once requested Gloriam join them—until they learned of the Wasting. Now? Gloriam waited.
They say a cure for the Wasting is being developed. But they’ve said that for a long, long time.
Until then, the Invincible stood there, daring the Iron Vanguard to attack. Xol of Ingrilt stared at the Selphid—then received orders from Tulm.
“Fall back.”
The Iron Vanguard withdrew immediately, and Gloriam turned to pivot against Jungle Tails and push back their forces in the region. The Selphid assumed Tulm had done the math and hadn’t liked the odds of Xol being injured or just the cost of victory.
