8.77 B
Page 11
He said that, and it was a pretty good warning and eloquent statement. And yet…Luan’s instincts buzzed because he was fairly certain this [Sentry Commander] or whatever his class was…
Had no idea what he was saying.
Or rather, he had a look that Kissilt and the others weren’t used to, and that was of someone who didn’t get all the words he’d been told to speak. In short…someone who spoke another language.
It was nearly impossible for Luan or any of the non-English speaking Earthers to find someone who had a different language. Frustrating—confusing—and nonsensical because Earth had such a variety. Yet Drath was the only place that actually made sense to Luan; of course it had another language and there was a language barrier.
But all the Balerosians and seafarers, including Kissilt, just kept shouting as if the Drathian man were an idiot. Because all of them spoke one language.
Luan, on the other hand? He waved at the man who was scowling down.
“Leave. Lea-ve. No trading!”
The [Soldier] was a military officer who could probably fight [Pirates] to the death, but he had the slight desperation of someone who was using all of his limited vocabulary to try and get a point across to some foreign idiots.
Luan knew how he felt. Because he’d visited Hong Kong, loved Japanese culture, and so on, he raised a hand.
“Excuse me—may we speak to a translator? Good morning to you! Ohayo gozaimasu! Ni hao? Er…annyeonghaseyo!”
He tried three kinds of greetings, each in a different language, Japanese, Mandarin, and Korean. Ironically, Luan was pretty sure he messed up the Japanese greeting the most because he just said ‘good morning’ rather than ‘hello’.
However, the reaction it provoked among the soldiers and the officer was dramatic. Almost all of them did a double-take, and a short murmur broke out.
Dead gods, this idiot isn’t so stupid! He actually knows there’s things like other languages!
That was what the officer’s face said. He hesitated—then rattled off a reply in what sounded like…Korean? It was clearly not a response in Japanese. He saw Luan’s blank look.
“You speak…”
Then he tried again, and Luan lost him. Desperately, Luan raised his hands.
“I don’t speak…do not speak…nihongo ga chotto hanasemasu? I. Speak. Little bit—of that! Talk?”
There was a reason why Luan was a fan of Japan. Indeed—his pronunciation and fluency were on a level that would make Aiko cry. If Aiko were here…
Even so, he had willingness, and the words made enough sense to the officer. Even Luan’s reduced English and his hand-gestures helped.
Kissilt didn’t get it.
“Why are you speaking to him like an imbecile?‘
The Drake hissed. Luan rolled his eyes. He was reducing the language and hoping the officer got the words without the annoyance of complete sentences. There was a way to talk to people if you had a language barrier.
The officer’s eyes widened. But—he looked at the others.
“Nihongo?”
He said something else, but Luan caught that. The other soldiers turned to each other.
“Something something nihongo? Something nihongo…”
Then they got really excited and began waving over more people. Luan’s heart sank, and he thought he was in trouble. Because he knew enough to understand one thing.
Nihongo, 日本語, was one of the most basic words you’d ever learn. It was ‘nihon’ for Japan, plus go, for language, meaning…well, Japanese, the language.
And it was very clear that the officer had gotten that Luan spoke it. But he was very interested in the word Japanese. Because that…that was not what Drathians called their own language.
