8.77 B
Page 20
However, the same applied for Gloriam; they had no idea what Xol knew and heard. The War Walker checked Tulm’s missive himself.
Tulm to Xol. Abandon the assault immediately and report to the port city of Vaunth at all speed. You are to board and join me at once.
At sea? The War Walker was on the march as soon as he read that. Something was afoot. More than the two companies fighting? He’d heard one of the Krackenbane Destroyers had been deployed. The Iron Vanguard had two. In the old days—they had been a match for The Pride of the Wellfar and similar ships.
Low, metal fortresses that could sink beneath the waves. Nothing like a ship at all; more like a tiny, floating island that moved using currents and gravity magic. Yet, as far as Xol knew, they were terrible at catching Couriers, and Niers coming via sea was the only threat he could name—if the Iron Vanguard even wanted to do more than catch him.
Was there something else out there at the moment? The Archmage of Chandrar? He hoped not. Lightning magic scared him.
 
——
 
Luan Khumalo had rowed—rowed over a hundred and thirty miles in three days. Not in open sea, either. Along the coast, up rivers—and he had secured a total of eight.
Eight people. That was to say, eight people directly, physically at Talenqual. He pulled into the harbor, and someone hopped out of the scull.
“Your speed, Courier. Impressive. Please. Accept this.”
The Dullahan bowed and offered Luan a bag of coins. Luan shook his head. He saw Lizardfolk eying him and nearly growled. He’d have to drag the scull to somewhere safe; they’d steal it in a heartbeat or take it for a joyride.
“I…I appreciate all you’re doing. No need for a tip. Cameral has paid it all.”
The Dullahan hesitated and proffered the bag a second time.
“It would be discourteous not to.”
So Luan took the small pouch of silver and gold and bowed. The Dullahan inclined her head, holding it between her hands—then strode off to meet Cameral.
The Featherfolk Brigade was watching them both. However, they weren’t certain of Luan, and Cameral’s rally point was outside of the city.
Luan had to lean on his scull for a second before he got out. His arms and legs hurt so badly that even a healing potion only began to heal it.
Moreover, he didn’t think a [Battlefield Master]—[Battlefield Mistress]? He didn’t know if the classes differentiated—would care. Clarell was one member of a Dullahan company marching by land to Talenqual.
But it would take a week for them to get here if the trade roads cleared. Cameral had demanded a high-level specialist, and Luan had carried one.
Eight. Not one under Level 30, but only eight. He’d get back to rowing…but Luan carried the dripping scull out of the water as Noa anxiously kept an eye out.
He needed to rest. The Fraerling spoke into Luan’s tiny earpiece.
“There’s so much smoke. I didn’t see Paeth burning—but the fires—”
The fires had begun to advance. The burning of the forest around Paeth was no longer a hypothetical. Strong winds were fanning the blaze forwards, and while strange things kept happening—fires going out, sudden showers—it was like tossing tiny buckets of water on a house fire.
Paeth’s magic was fighting back, but it could only extinguish one section of the fires. Hindering the Tallfolk.
Even so—Luan passed by one of the Featherfolk Brigade’s barracks and saw someone had tossed yellow paint all over the walls. [Soldiers] were watching a jeering crowd of young Lizardfolk, ready to bolt at any moment. It looked like there had been more than just protests.
“Hey, Courier.”
