8.77 B
Page 38
The Featherfolk Brigade could have retreated, though they couldn’t harm the Crelerbane forces from afar. Even a [Fireball] that gouged the earth out just revealed an angry Fraerling in armor climbing out of the pit.
So the Lizardfolk came at them. And a Fraerling could die when they dashed them against the ground, rattling them around in their armor. Or tore their weapons from their hands and ripped off an arm. Literally unscrewed the helmets and bit the heads off.
Poire saw that as a Medusa, missing a hand, screaming, killed the first Crelerbane guard. Poire charged into her side and hacked her way straight through the Medusa’s tail.
She had heard they had Tallfolk friends. She didn’t see any. She…understood.
So many Tallfolk. How had Feiland and Oierdressql fought, at the end? Thousands. Thousands of them could overwhelm even Paeth’s magic.
Enchanter Ilekrome had asked Poire if the Crelerbane armor sortie was necessary. She had looked him in the eyes and told him—
Someone lifted Poire up, and she hacked into a wrist. But they were trying to wrest her axe—! She let it go rather than lose an arm in the tug-of-war with a Lizardman.
“I’ve got one! I’ve g—”
Poire aimed a gauntlet up, and the Lizardman’s head imploded. She fell, looking for her axe. She found another weapon lodged in the ground.
“Requesting teleportation of weapons to the front.”
“We hear you, Commander Poire. Status?”
“One Crelerbane unit fallen. Count of the fallen?”
“Sixty…sixty-eight.”
“Crelerbane! Each one of you will take down at least a hundred Tallfolk before you expire! Watch out for grabs! Advance! Call in weapon replacements! Paeth—the Tallfolk have a leader. Requesting magical support!”
What had she said to Ilekrome? Poire ran with a longsword into battle. Ah, yes.
Someone had to die. It might as well be them. At some point…someone had to bleed. Maybe the Tallfolk would give up.
She didn’t really believe that. But each second she bought here—Paeth stood a little longer. Maybe help came, maybe they evacuated more people.
Crelerbane forces had signed up to kill Crelers. They didn’t fear Tallfolk.
…But there were so many.
A hundred per Crelerbane that fell. That was five thousand. Still not close to the entire Featherfolk Brigade’s numbers. But it would do. That was the number Poire demanded of her troops.
She even included the magical support they received. One of Fezimet’s Quexals, who were also his highest-command, was pushing the Lizardfolk forwards from a safe vantage point on a cleared hill of tree stumps. He blinked as she saw a strange flash from the trees. Was th—
The laser of light fired once, straight through his forehead. Poire shouted into her gauntlet.
“Nice shot, Paeth. Keep—keep taking out targets.”
“Commander, you are losing forces.”
Poire knew that. She could see it. But the Lizardfolk had to cluster up to surround the Fraerlings—targets for spells.
“Hold this ground. Casualty report. How many Tallfolk down? How—”
Someone opened a [Pitfall Trap] under her and the ground snapped closed. Poire survived by digging her way up through the earth.
They were waiting for her when she reemerged. She could have run. Or hid until they gave up. Or retreated. But—here was where she was making a difference.
 
——
 
The Tallguard had to abandon the field. Poire didn’t know how many hours it was. But she was proud…
It took the Tallfolk hours to kill them all. They were learning to fear Fraerlings again. [Soldiers] stumbled away, staring at severed hands, screaming as they clutched at severed feet.
