8.77 B
Page 26
The mistake they’d made was needing to win in one spot. They had lost a game of wits—not with him or Perorn—but by thinking they knew who was conducting their strategy.
Smart strategy like Perorn used, would have been to give up some holdings, retreat and solidify a core of land, and let Jungle Tails take the outlying zones and push out. But as Foliana had said—she was unpredictable. A gambler.
They walked into her trap as Jungle Tails encircled Elvallian. The commanders had a problem.
They were already under attack by Fleethoof herself. She didn’t have the forces to take to a full battle—but she could still strike and away, wearing them down, sometimes taking out valuable officers and forcing the [Generals] to stay off the front. However, Perorn wasn’t only attacking with her personal vanguard. She had dozens, maybe many hundreds of [Soldiers] who were trained to make the Jungle Tails’ advance miserable. They were hidden in the forests and struck in countless spots.
Perorn’s harassing style was equally efficient. It consisted, much like the tactics her best students like Marian adopted, of lightning-fast, Centaur-based raids.
This was how it went. At night, or at random, during a distraction, a lull, a small band would attack a patrol, camp, or any other target, galloping out of cover. A handful of Centaurs and their riders would loose a guaranteed [Homing Arrow], [Pinpoint Shot], or other Skill. Once. Then they would bravely run away while daring someone to chase and be ambushed.
One arrow. One enchanted arrow did a lot of damage. More than that, it created terror in [Soldiers], and if one small group could do it, a larger force could raid enemy lines.
Hence the Jungle Tails’ problem. Sound strategy dictated they had to encircle Elvallian and set up a perimeter in the healthy forest. It wasn’t even a jungle. So they spread out and began to encircle Elvallian, creating camps, felling trees, but mainly securing the entire area around the city.
Jungle Tails couldn’t burn the forest because they wanted the capital more or less intact—and because the Forgotten Wing Company might well fan the blaze onto any army with their [Mages]. There was no time to spend really getting one moving, either. And frankly, burning everything down was a move even most [Strategists] considered extreme. Paeth, this was not.
They entered the forest and ran into traps set by Three-Color Stalker herself.
Thus began Foliana’s war.
 
——
 
The first traps that the [Scouts] ran into were clear signs that Three-Color Stalker had been preparing for this day. Naturally—that scared the hell out of anyone who knew her reputation.
Three-Color Stalker, one of the greatest [Rogues] living…had set a trap.
Did you want to try to defuse it? Go ahead. We’ll just stand…over here.
Thusly, some very unhappy [Trackers], [Scouts], [Rogues], and other anti-trap specialists were given the task of covering ground and removing the traps for the regular [Soldiers]. However, what these experts feared was what they didn’t exactly say.
“…We’re going to miss traps. She’s a Level—what, Level 60 [Rogue]? Higher? We can’t find these traps. This is madness.”
A Centaur [Trapfinder] was hissing at the others. A Lamia with multiple sensor stones kept flinching every time someone stepped on a branch.
“Shut up. We’ll level up! Do you know how many levels you’d get for countering a trap?”
“Sure. And how many of us will get to sleep and level up by nightfall?”
“Shutupshutupshutup—don’t jinx us!”
