8.77 B
Page 32
“We don’t attack them. But Ken’ll have his declaration, and…it’s the line in the sand. If they attack Paeth proper—it’s a battle.”
“That’s suicide.”
Blake looked at Daly, and the Australian man nodded.
“Yep. Unless we figure out some kind of pivotal strategy—and I’m hoping the [Strategists] do. But—hell, maybe there’s a chance. I’m telling you all this because you’ve got a day, maybe as much as a week, but I doubt it. You have to decide whether you want to stay, fighting or not, or leave.”
Luan had given Daly the crossbow the Fraerlings had made. It was a Gold-rank—maybe a Named-Adventurer’s weapon. The Bushrangers had Resk’s enchanted gear. They could punch at a Gold-rank level, maybe, with positioning and tactics.
Even so.
“You’re mad. This is crazy!”
It was Lorenzo who spoke. He’d had to have some of what was happening translated, but the Italian was clear about the numbers.
“You will die, Daly. There are too many [Soldiers]. You don’t have guns, only that.”
He pointed at the crossbows. Paige silently looked at Daly, and he folded his arms.
“A bit more than that, Lorenzo. We’ve also got bombs.”
Everyone fell silent—the Bushrangers knew, of course, then half of the company was asking how and why. However, Daly only wanted to know one thing.
Were they staying or leaving?
Most of the Earthers weren’t fighters. Ken and Luan weren’t. They were sympathetic to the Fraerlings. If it were a question of hiding them, of trying to help evacuate them, Daly thought…he hoped every single Earther would have agreed to risk it.
This? This was a war, and they had all seen enough to know what it meant.
“Geneva would never do this.”
It was Aiko who was one of the most vocally against Daly’s stand. The Bushranger’s Captain looked at Aiko, the [Nurse], and shook his head.
“I think Geneva’d be right here, Aiko. Just not in favor of us fighting.”
“You must be bloody mad. Geneva’s been against bloodshed from—”
Daly cut whomever had spoken off.
“Geneva Scala is a brave woman! She’s a pacifist. That doesn’t mean she’s a coward. I bet you that if she were here, she’d walk in front of Fezimet and his entire damn company and make them kill her before they laid a finger on Paeth. Well, she’s not here. And sometimes…”
He looked blankly past them all.
“Sometimes you have to figure out where it is. We left the fighting with the other companies because it was a pointless fucking battle. If it were just Fezimet running us off, I’d say let’s get out of here and try again, no matter how many times. It’s not worth dying for. But this is a city full of people that are in danger of being wiped out, and we can run…or stay. I’m staying. After this, I’m going to introduce you to some of them. Kessice, Noa, and Resk. And then I need you to think hard and fast. Because if you stay—the odds are you will get hurt or die. So anyone who wants to go, we’ll give you anything we can.”
Daly pointed at the ground.
“But I’m not leaving anymore.”
Then he went to introduce the Fraerlings to the Earthers and then meet with Umina, Marian, Cameral, and Kissilt. Daly began thinking of terrible ways to make his contribution to a battle…matter.
They had ideas too. By the end of the fifth day, the Tallguard were reporting casualties and combat with the Featherfolk Brigade ten miles outside of Paeth.
By the end of the sixth day, the Architects authorized the Crelerbane forces to take the field as the Featherfolk Brigade reached the five mile perimeter.
 
——
 
Foliana was growing tired of killing Jungle Tails’ forces. She kept doing it and heard from Perorn that they were deserting.
