8.77 B
Page 45
“Just so you know that this will not end with Paeth, Commander. But if you are willing to halt the attack—I am authorized to promise you a number of relics. Eighteen Fraerling-enchanted relics, from Potions of Polymorph fit for a Quexal to gear a Named-Adventurer might envy. All you have to do is agree to a magically binding contract. You will get nothing from ash and ruin, but if you just…leave, you can live the rest of your life with great treasures.”
It was the most tempting thing the [Diplomat] could have said, and both knew it. Fezimet wavered.
Leave? I’d never be able to keep my company. Peclir would see to that. But for eighteen relics…
Just take all the money he’d stored and run. Live, start over somewhere else? Or hold onto his company, recant Jungle Tails, and rebuild with Fraerling magic. He was sure he could get more—the Human would offer anything.
But Jungle Tails would never let me go. And…Fezimet stared at the burned forest, a huge swath of it gone, irrevocably altering Talenqual. The soldiers who had died as well—he’d be in so much trouble.
Whereas he was now a [Nagatine Scion], and one day he would lead a million Lizardfolk into battle.
It was no longer all or nothing. But now it was all or…less. Fezimet hesitated, and Ken clasped his hands behind his back.
The [Diplomat] had his one shot that Daly had given him. He watched as Fezimet slowly lifted the treaty…and shredded it. Not with his arms; he held it in one wing, then bit it, ripped it, and spat out the pieces with his teeth.
“If I refuse, [Diplomat], what then? I’ll make an enemy of a bunch of companies too afraid to take the field? I see the Titan’s little students have brought a thousand soldiers. As for Marshhand—”
He eyed the [Mercenary Commander] and gave him a smile and dip of the head Quallet didn’t return.
Bastard. But a sensible one.
“—He knows better than to take on a force four times his size. We rule this region. So the only enemies I see here are a single tree that I will chop down, a thousand mercenaries led by four unproven [Strategists], and the mighty Bushrangers and their Silver-rank friends.”
He sneered at Daly and Eldima, who shifted nervously, shield at the ready. Tofte, the lone Bushranger standing behind Daly with another loaded crossbow, didn’t flinch. He stared past Fezimet into the middle-distance.
It was Daly who spoke. Ken stepped back, head bowed, and retreated to the Drake’s lines. By now, Lizardfolk were listening. Talenqual’s people.
This was what Daly did. He pointed at Fezimet.
“Commander Fezimet, I am Daly Sullivan of the United Nations Company. You may have Talenqual, and the Jungle Tails might be backing you, but the Forgotten Wing Company has placed Paeth under its protection. That city is full of children and innocent people. This is your warning: attack that city, and we will kill you.”
The Quexal slowly reared back and opened his magnificent wings. He could rise to almost nine feet in length if he tried, and he rose up, flapping his wings and regarding Daly with incredulity.
And almost respect.
“What, you intend to fight us all? That’s…”
He trailed off. His soldiers were behind him, and more were coming, but the [Strategists] had surrounded the gates well. He could retreat, obviously, but Quallet was still undecided.
If they fought, it would be a bloodbath that Fezimet was sure he’d win. But like Paeth, if they fought, the Featherfolk Brigade might never recover.
You had to have a reason to die like that. The Human looked Fezimet in the eyes, and the Quexal refused to look away. He would not be shamed.
