8.77 B
Page 7
Luan looked across the vast canal, which did indeed have vast ships slowly moving up against the current like they were, or more speedily coming down the canal. Whitewash Channel was at the mercy of the tides such that the water would reverse directions over the course of the day, and as Kissilt mentioned, sometimes accelerate a ship to amazing speed.
“Who dug this out? It must have taken lifetimes, and so much effort…”
Kissilt laughed.
“Dug it out? What, you think some kind of…[Shoveller], [Digger] did this? It was mostly magic. Legend has it someone cast a Tier 8 spell and blew a line straight through Baleros. Oh—by the way, keep to the far left. There’s rules of sea traffic, and I don’t really want to see if those [Captains] can stop their boats.”
Luan nodded and began rowing again. His scull skipped up the inlet so fast that Kissilt nearly grabbed him again, but relaxed—mostly because they were being watched.
“Hey, it’s Luan the Courier! I saw you on the scrying orb!”
Someone recognized Luan from one of the huge bridges over the channel. Luan and Kissilt looked up, but the excited person was long gone. However, some boats also going upriver noticed the fast craft and its two passengers.
“Ahoy! Is that a Courier? Want a drink? Bound for Moxy?”
A friendly Drowned Woman was shouting from what looked like a simple schooner, two sails blowing her upriver. She invited them aboard as Luan caught up and passed. He was concentrating and so let Kissilt answer.
“On delivery! Can’t stop! Kissilt of Manus! [Strategist]! And Luan!”
“Hey, someone burn you or something? At least stop for a minute!”
The seafaring craft was at odds with a Lizardman on a trading barge, who was jovially moving upriver as cursing rowers did all the real work. Luan didn’t slow, and Kissilt waved a claw.
“On delivery! Sorry—”
“Hey! Are you trying to get killed?”
Luan sped up, slashing across a startled Dullahan’s prow. She almost turned her boat into the walls of the channel, but he was moving so fast there was no fear of him getting hurt.
Kissilt began to regret telling Luan to take the far side of the lane where smaller vessels were. He was so fast he surprised the owners of each vessel as he zig-zagged around them. It was like one of those old stories—a Waisrabbit zooming around Bastion Turtles as they meandered upriver.
However, it certainly put them at the center of attention, and that didn’t hurt Luan’s reputation or Kissilt’s ego one bit. The Drake got recognized a few times, which made him smile, but the Courier was the one people knew.
“Hey! I’ve got a delivery for you! I’ll pay in gold and in advance!”
“I’m booked for the month! Apologies!”
Luan shot that one back, and a disappointed Human shrugged. Another laughed as she climbed to the head of her vessel.
“At least let us buy you a drink in Moxy!”
“We’ll see!”
The mood was so jovial and this channel so fun that Kissilt could forget that Paeth and the jungle were burning. You couldn’t even see the smoke, they were so far. Yet Luan’s face was set.
What Kissilt didn’t know, of course, was that Luan wasn’t about to forget Paeth. Not only did he know the city, having been there before—but Noa was stowed away in her hiding spot. She’d only gotten to peek now and then with the stupid Drake about, but Resk had given her a Seeing Stone to anchor so she could see the famous channel and wonder. She was Luan’s bodyguard and companion on his trip.
