8.77 B
Page 47
“Paeth is under attack! Your Commander has attacked a Fraerling city! He is doing it now!”
Ken was shouting at Talenqual’s citizens, who were confused, upset…but even if they believed him, Paeth was so far from here. Even if they believed him, what could they do aside from protest, throw stones, and run from [Soldiers]?
“Those are objectionable lies, [Diplomat]. Do you see me burning a city?”
The Quexal looked so smug at this basic, childish lie. If you don’t see me doing it, am I doing it? The worst part, it was a lie that worked. A good excuse if you weren’t willing to throw down.
Daly was wearing the cheap leather armor that Resk had enchanted, piece-by-piece. He had Luan’s crossbow, and behind him, he knew, Marian, Cameral, and Kissilt had their forces. Quallet stood to one side, and Umina was at the docks in disguise, waiting for her ship to come in.
The rest of the United Nations Company was gone. The Bushrangers and those willing to fight had stayed. The rest…
 
——
 
Kirana had volunteered to take them. She was surprised Aiko had remained, but the [Nurse] had said there would be a need for healers.
So the Indian girl led the gaggle of young men and women, some barely teens, into the safe space. It wasn’t a long journey. Just a half-day of travel.
They could have gone anywhere, really. The Featherfolk Brigade might pursue…but Kirana suspected they’d be too busy.
As for protection? The United Nations could probably afford an inn or two, but were inns safe? What next, with half their number in Talenqual, drawing that line in the sand?
The answer…was that she walked into the Mage’s Guild in the city of Looxe, and the [Scribe] called out as he saw the huge gaggle of Humans and groaned inwardly.
“Hey! Stay in the lines, please! Hey—”
Kirana walked up to the front desk. She stopped there, and the upset Lizardman looked at her.
“You have to stay in line.”
“I know. I’m not here to send a [Message]. I’d like to speak to your Guildmaster, please. They’re from Wistram, aren’t they?”
As it happened, Looxe had a proper Wistram [Mage], who came out of an office looking fairly irate. The Dullahan frowned at this terrible display of decorum. Then he hesitated, eying all the Humans.
“Can I help you, Miss…”
The [House Manager] was crying a bit. Neither [Scribe] nor [Mage] knew why. She answered simply.
“Kirana. I am from, um, America. From…Earth. Can you please help us?”
The [Guildmaster]’s eyes popped, and all of the staff looked up at the sudden, familiar keywords. He hesitated—then motioned for someone to send a [Message] to Wistram now.
“Absolutely, Miss. Do you all need food? Help?”
“We need somewhere to stay. And food…later. You can’t help us any more, thank you.”
The Dullahan hastened to assure Kirana that he could, indeed, help her. He failed to realize that it wasn’t her he needed to help.
 
——
 
Daly stared past Fezimet’s smug face and the little monster looking out of the Quexal’s eyes. He thought he could see Siri. Marian was tensed, her hand on her enchanted bow, but Fezimet just stood there with his forces.
Somewhere, Paeth was under attack. The first Tallfolk were trying to surround the city as magic blazed from every inch of the tree. Tallguard and Fraerlings fighting on the ground.
“Prove it. Well…I can’t transfer us all to Paeth. We’re all damn grown ups. We know you’re attacking Paeth. Now. So it’s too late to debate it. You have committed an act of war against Paeth on the Coast.”
Fezimet’s smile faded slightly as Daly’s voice rose. The young man was shaking slightly, but he still reached for his belt pouch.
