8.77 B
Page 27
A group of [Soldiers] was waiting in a clearing about five hundred feet back, waiting for the scouts to find a trap—or explode. Either way, you knew where the trap was.
This slow advance was made more pants-wetting because they were still ten miles out from Elvallian. Yet traps had been discovered this far out. This particular group found one of Foliana’s first traps and realized—they were still Three-Color Stalker-style traps.
The Centaur grabbed a Lizardwoman who almost climbed a tree in terror.
“Don’t do that! I nearly—oh, Nagas. Is that the trap?”
All of the scouts stopped and stared at the…trap. They could identify it as a trap. Yep. Definitely.
Mostly because the glowing rune literally etched onto the forest floor was bright red…and had a bag of gold on top of it. Gold coins spilling from the top as it sat on the cherry red rune.
Oh—and there was something else. A wooden sign. It had big letters on it, visible from a distance. It read:
 
This is a trap by me. Foliana. Do not approach.
 
“She’s messing with us.”
The scouts realized this was a clear provocation of their abilities. It still worked.
“You defuse it.”
“No, you. You have [Perfect Attempt: Remove Trap].”
“Yes, attempt. You do it!”
“I can only remove Level 15 traps or lower for free! You have four hooves!”
“So?”
“So, maybe the trap only blows off two of them. There’s more of you lengthwise—and if you die, maybe your body blocks some of the blowback.”
After some arguing, the Centaur was ordered forwards. Shaking like a leaf, he trotted closer to the rune and began countermeasures as the other [Scouts] took cover behind the trees.
Traps came in many forms: mechanical, magical, alchemical…this one looked like it was a trigger spell. So you figured out how to break or dispel the magic while not activating it. The Centaur had some powder he could apply to a weak spot in the rune.
…The problem was, he couldn’t find it. Twenty minutes later, the commander of the soldiers demanded he hurry up. The Centaur closed his eyes, prayed he’d found the right spot—and tried to neutralize the gold coins, which he thought would deactivate the rune’s magical binding without activating it.
The powder struck the coins—which vanished, since they were illusory—touched the rune, and the Centaur screamed.
“Oh no!”
Everyone dove for cover as he reared up. He realized the rune was designed to go off no matter what—if you defused it, you set it off!
However, the horrible scream or explosion never came. The Centaur, galloping away, looked back as the glowing red rune fizzled out. He stared at what was left…
A single copper coin, lying there. One of the Lamias poked her head out of cover.
“That…that damn Squirrel! Was this here just to waste our time?”
Shaky laughter broke out. Wait a second. Why would Foliana waste all her tricks on the outer layer of traps? An illusion spell had just held up an entire advancing force for twenty minutes! And the Centaur was clearly unharmed. Everyone checked for invisible gas, hexes, delayed poison, needles, and found nothing, and they could cover a wide spot.
“Well, what do you know? I guess Three-Color Stalker isn’t p—”
Whumph.
Everyone dove. When the Centaur finally raised his head, he heard something pattering down around him. It was…dirt. When he raised his head, he knew the trap had activated.
