8.77 B
Page 48
“I know other people need proof. I don’t. But if you want proof…here. Here’s someone whose word you can believe.”
Slowly, Daly lifted something out of his pouch. Every eye focused on him…but the Human was so far away most people didn’t see what he was holding at first.
Then…even the Drake [Soldiers] murmured. Lizardfolk gasped, and more ran to spread the rumor. It was all true. It wasn’t rumor anymore. After all…there was a lot you could doubt, even with a [Diplomat]’s words. Even with The Last Light’s company vouching for the truth.
However, the little man with pink hair standing on Daly’s palm? Tears running into his beard, and some snot too if you were being honest?
Alchimagus Resk stood there, and his voice was loud enough to be heard by all, magnified by a spell.
“I am Alchimagus Resk of Paeth. The Featherfolk Brigade is attacking my city. Is that enough proof, you wretched salamander with wings?”
His voice trembled as Fezimet’s jaw fell open and he stared at the Fraerling. Daly said nothing more.
“Well…that’s…”
The Human handed Resk to Ken, who backed up. Daly turned to the spluttering Fezimet. He stood there blankly for a second.
He had drawn his line in the sand, let Ken fill the world with words and condemnation. Someday, though…there was always a bastard who stepped over every line. Drawing that line was only good if you had what came next. So he looked up, met Siri’s eyes, and nodded.
Daly Sullivan raised the Fraerling-made crossbow and shot Fezimet straight through the chest. He admired the way it automatically drew the contraption back, almost automatically reloading it—you just had to put a crossbow bolt in place.
He did so in the silence. Then he turned and shot a Medusa through the face. He almost got a third Quexal, but Fezimet began screaming.
He’d dodged at point-blank range. So the bolt hadn’t gone straight through his heart. The Quexal tried to recoil, and Daly saw Tofte raise his crossbow.
“At—attack!”
Kissilt screamed behind them, but Daly had already loosed a third bolt. Three Nagas crumpled as the world burst into screams. Fezimet was backing up, eyes wide.
“Kill them a—”
A Lamia shouted right before another crossbow bolt hit her in the back of the head. Suddenly—the Featherfolk Brigade were being attacked from all sides.
Bushrangers. Bushrangers, Earthers, and more [Soldiers] taking shots at them from buildings and even roofs.
“Fall back to the city! Fall back t—”
Fezimet leapt, and another of Daly’s bolts passed through his tail. Marian shot through two Lizardfolk.
“Charge! Kill the commander!”
The [Strategists] and their forces surged forwards as Daly reloaded again. Kissilt was shouting a hundred different commands into his speaking stone. Daly kept firing; he wasn’t going to go hand-to-hand. Not yet.
He looked around and saw the lynchpin of the plan. Quallet Marshhand was still looking at Resk. His gaze rose, and he met Daly’s eyes.
Then…the [Mercenary Commander] nodded. He did not make his choice in that moment. Daly was not that dramatic, and the [Strategists] not that stupid. But he still sighed.
“Gravetender’s Fist! To arms!”
 
——
 
Umina Caxical heard the fighting begin at the gates as she hopped from one foot to the other. Cotm told her to shut up and keep still, and she did.
This was incredibly dangerous. The Fraerling Tallguard’s face was blank.
He was here to protect her in case she was discovered—although the Featherfolk Brigade were busy. And the docks were understaffed. Kessice was with Siri, coordinating the people in the city.
