8.77 B
Page 18
So were the other company leaders that Ken met. He was thirty-eight miles north by now, and a Centaur [Tribal Chieftain], a fan of the old ways, had a ‘Centaur city’. A flat, sprawling compound that was semi-nomadic.
She was not happy about the fires either. However…
“What exactly are you asking, ah, Diplomat Ken? For us to halt the flames with words? It seems to me—you are asking us to press this fool, Fezimet. It is my experience that words only work if something else is guaranteed when they fail. And my company is not as large as his. Nor do we wish to make an enemy of Jungle Tails, you see? Even the [Druids] are using only words.”
Kenjiro bowed again, but he kept his voice strident, chin up. Centaurs didn’t respect a lack of authority. And Ken…
“I must insist someone tries. My company refuses to let the worst happen.”
“The worst. Burning down a forest is a terrible thing. My people did it, and it changed the north forever.”
The Centauress mused. She glanced at Ken’s face.
“…Still, you’re no [Druid]. You were bold enough to come here, invoking the name of The Last Light. Yes, yes. She’s in your company. For a forest? My company will cut ties with the Featherfolk Brigade. There may be some unpleasantness afterwards or even during—but why must we act now? You’d have to be more specific than that, [Diplomat].”
Her eyes were very sharp as they focused on Ken, but his face gave nothing but polite regrets away. She let him go with sympathies, and he headed onwards. But as he wrote back to Daly—he was experiencing problems rallying support.
By the second day, the Iron Vanguard withdrew from one of their fronts with the Forgotten Wing company. The Dullahans had wanted one of the most valuable mines—which produced mithril, the very same mines that had supplied most of Tulm’s armor. Their siege only lasted one day.
 
——
 
“Cease fire.”
Xol of Ingrilt himself walked the battlefield. The War Walker, often the champion of Tulm himself, had been sent to take this mine. The Iron Vanguard only wanted one spot—and they were hardly inclined to join Jungle Tails’ assault. However, the Seer of Steel and Tulm had decided that if any one place were worth taking…
It was a mithril mine. However, it was not to be. Perorn Fleethoof had sent someone to halt the Dullahan’s takeover—and by the looks of it, stop the Jungle Tails’ advance in the entire region.
And in doing so, she lost one of their most valuable leaders in the capital.
Risky. Xol understood exactly how dangerous it was. However—it worked.
Dullahan siege weapons were designed in two varieties: against armored and unarmored foes. They had created modified catapults that hurled what was essentially grapeshot, small rocks and even nets to fight Centaurs. Nets, incidentally, were not kinder when they hit a four-legged person and tangled them, sometimes breaking all four legs.
And they had also incorporated huge, crushing rocks to fight fellow Dullahans. Xol saw one last Wingbreaker Catapult fire. A huge sledgehammer of rock rose into the air, found its target as it slowly rotated downwards, downwards…
It looked like a piece of stone about as large as a Lizardfolk hut curving through the air via a Skill. Wall-smashing weapons. It fell, and Xol saw a strange, vermillion light filling the air.
Then the quarried stone shattered in midair. Even the pieces seemed to fly away, harmlessly leaving a small dust-cloud—and a radius of debris, broken arrows, scorched earth, and melting ice for about a hundred feet.
