8.77 B
Page 42
He was panting for air, as if oxygen could replace rest. Trying to draw energy from the firmament overhead. From need alone. In his world, that was an impossibility that every single athlete still reached for. Here?
“I was happy to be an athlete because that was the one thing I could do well. Back home. On Earth. Anything I could do within my powers—I would have. Given money, rowed for charity…but I’m not helpless here. I have superpowers. I have magic, and someone is rewarding my work with Skills. So why can I only row? My class must do more. When I reach Level 50, it has to do something else! I will accept nothing less. I promise you, Noa. I may not get there tonight. But some day, I will reach that level.”
The Fraerling looked up at him, and she saw the Courier’s confidence. I will get there. Noa just nodded. She turned to look behind them, which was ahead because they were on a scull.
“When you do, take me for another ride? As fast as you can, all the way to Izril? To Terandria? To the edge of the world?”
He smiled, never breaking his pace.
“It’s a promise, yeah?”
She nodded, and he blurred for a second. But Noa just wiped at her face one more time and pointed.
“Go faster, Luan.”
He rowed, trying to catch the future ahead of time. Luan couldn’t see anyone ahead of him. So he raced himself, as he always did. His shoulders quietly popped with each rotation.
One more person.
One more night.
After eight days of rowing, Luan Khumalo’s total level ups would consist of the following:
 
[Conditions Met: Expert Rower → Peerless Marathon Sculler Class.]
[Class Consolidation: Athlete removed.]
 
[Level 36 Peerless Marathon Sculler obtained!]
 
[Skill – Contest of Champions (Vigor) obtained!]
[Skill – Only my Challengers Shall Advance obtained!]
[Skill – Razorblade Oars obtained!]
[Skill – The Messenger’s Shortcut obtained!]
[Skill – Ship: Kayak Roll obtained!]
 
He hated that last one.
 
——
 
Eight days. Eight days, and now Fezimet of the Featherfolk Brigade probably saw perfectly how Peclir Im had tricked him.
He had lost more soldiers in the last eight days than all but the worst engagements of his life. And he suspected that if he charted how many casualties he’d inflicted…
Peclir Im didn’t care. That Human had blood colder than any Naga. Even Tasgiel, the cold serpents who slithered through the tundras of the north, weren’t as ruthless as him.
“You knew that they were a Fraerling city, Fezimet. Your losses will be counted as a contribution to the Jungle Tails forces. Remember—you are under their authority now.”
The Quexal was in no mood to think of his new status. He rested his head against the glass.
“I know those [Soldiers], Peclir Im. Those are my people dying like…like flies. Niers’ students are raiding me. And Gravetender’s Fist…”
…Had neither agreed nor disagreed, only backed the United Nations’ claim on their right to stay in Talenqual. Peclir frowned down at their headquarters from Fezimet’s tower.
“Have you not investigated them for working with the Fraerlings? If they are working with Paeth—remove them.”
The Quexal spun and roared.
“With what forces? I have delivered them all—all to the forest! We are surrounding this Paeth, and I would normally celebrate, because I could restore order—but I somehow do not think I will be able to do that. Somehow—I now think that even though we know which tree this city is in—it will not be an easy victory!”
The Human had the gall to blink at him.
“I never claimed it would be.”
The Quexal slithered over to his chair and sat down hard.
