8.77 B
Page 24
He was, in some ways, the opposite of people like the Wind Runner of Reizmelt. Knowledge was a weapon that worked only when you employed it. Nothing was secret forever and so Ken had his treaty.
“Condemnation of an attack on a Fraerling city. No pledges of defense or anything.”
“They would not agree. I…I will get more and find as much support as I can.”
Ken looked at Luan, waiting for censure, but the [Rower] just clapped Ken on the shoulders.
“Do it. I need to get back to sea.”
“You barely just got here. At least sleep or take a nap!”
Daly protested, but Luan was striding back out the door.
 
——
 
Jungle Tails began to engage the Forgotten Wing company in earnest after three days. And their forces reached Elvallian.
The contrast was stark. Lizardfolk armies were some of the rowdiest, most chaotic in the world. They were active, jeering, hooting at their enemies…right up until they met the Marshwalkers in battle.
Marshwalkers. One of Niers’ combat groups with a name. Ironically—they were mostly Lizardfolk.
No Nagas—just Lizardfolk. The difference between the two armies was stark, though.
Jungle Tails’ forces were a riot of sound and colors as Lizardfolk opened neck frills, cheered, chanted insults…and fell into an uneasy silence.
Mainly because their counterparts marched in ranks. They were not a gaggle of formations, but aligned themselves in order with minimal talking. They stared across the battlefield, and their opponents, fellow Lizardfolk, began to get uneasy.
The Titan had given Lizardfolk formations and discipline. Dead gods. The Marshwalkers were a three hundred thousand-strong force—split up across the entire company in the armies in which they served. Lizardfolk who fought like Drakes. And these ones were famous because they were all Lizardfolk.
They were experts at killing Nagas.
 
——
 
Perorn Fleethoof engaged the first of Jungle Tails’ forces in a three-minute skirmish as they came down the trade roads to Elvallian. She galloped out of a forest where it had seemed no one—let alone Centaurs—could have hidden behind the thin, young trees, and Lizardfolk and Selphids riding Centaurs loosed arrows as Centaur [Lancers] charged into a brutal melee.
Three minutes. It was so fast that by the time some of the officers heard of the battle, Perorn was racing off. She was engaging Jungle Tails with a far smaller force as Elvallian garrisoned its walls. However—Perorn Fleethoof wasn’t just the one who taught [Strategists] how to conduct hit-and-run operations. She was the textbook example. In her youth, before she had taken an injury facing Tulm the Mithril, she had outrun some Couriers.
Even now, her forces were almost as quick. Hit and away. Jungle Tails’ advance slowed as they came within reach of Elvallian’s walls.
Walled City, it was not. But Niers had still paid for the best and most deadly enchantments, and they were prepared for a battle. Aside from five trade-roads, the forest dominated the space around the former half-Elven city.
Perorn’s lightning strikes would have usually forced a far slower advance—so as to minimize casualties. However, Jungle Tails still pressed on. Faster, actually.
