8.77 B
Page 22
“No—PETA. What’s going on, you two? Why do we care about a forest so damn much? Why not just leave with Quallet? Geneva’s not here, and we can rebuild. It’s better than staying here while everything burns down.”
Luan, Ken, and Daly exchanged glances. Kirana looked out from tending to bug-bites, and Luan glanced at Daly.
“Time to tell them?”
Daly was still white-faced. He eyed Ken and then shrugged at Luan.
“Why not?”
Noa murmured urgently to Luan.
“Wait! Paeth is—”
Daly glanced at Luan’s belt pouch and spoke, still eying Ken.
“It’s not like people don’t know. Guess what Ken just did? He told the other companies about Paeth.”
Dawson looked from Luan to Ken, confused, and the Courier turned to Ken. The [Diplomat] looked around levelly.
 
——
 
Kenjiro Murata had won an audience with the Commander of the Grasgil Blockade. Sure enough—they had metal from the far north that kept everything cold indoors and made up some of their arms and weapons.
A fairly powerful company, and another one that saw Fezimet as going too far. But since they didn’t share any actual borders with Talenqual, the burning was only bad in a broader sense for them. If anything, the Dullahans might privately think that if a Lizardfolk company wanted to ruin their future—all the better.
Then again, the Dullahans might not like watching part of their continent burn. Either way though—they had refused to see Ken.
Yellow Rivers vaccine or not, he himself was not permissible. If they sent Geneva Scala, she might get a highly unorthodox, sudden meeting with their [Frozen Commander]. However, Dullahans were highly rigid in their structures, and Ken had known his request for a meeting—even filed three days in advance—was unlikely to get him an audience.
He had still won it, relying on his own knowledge of Dullahans’ appreciation of humility, willpower, and…dedication. They had refused to let Ken into their inner keep, of course, and so he had knelt outside in front of the gates on the paving stones all night and into the day.
Nine hours, unmoving. Ken hadn’t come up with it himself, but he had thought it could work.
If…if you had the willpower to let your body slowly start to scream in the cold as he began to shiver, and then in real danger of dehydration as he refused to drink anything that Siri or the other Bushrangers escorting him offered.
If he collapsed, Ken thought the Dullahans watching him would respect it more.
It hadn’t come to that. Nine hours on the dot, he won his audience, and it was delayed another thirty minutes. Ken needed a healing and stamina potion, and was able to wash, drink, and eat a little.
After all that, even the [Frozen Commander], who actually had Everburning Candles to keep the room warm—such was the cold of his armor—gave Ken a respectful look and offered him a blanket. Ken knew he had one chance…but the [Frozen Commander], like the Medusa and Centaur, was not willing to throw down with the Featherfolk Brigade over a forest.
“It is a terrible decision. However. Fezimet has the authority as commander to do what he wishes. To side with [Druids] would be, I believe, plainly motivated by more selfish reasons.”
Commander Vitor was still very hospitable. And sympathetic to Ken’s cause. The [Diplomat] knew this because Vitor refused to call Fezimet ‘Commander Fezimet’, a clear insult. He used ‘I’, and his invitation to formality and offering Ken refreshments and the welcome blanket all said that Ken had his attention.
Yet…Ken realized the real issue.
“There is no practical reason to oppose the Featherfolk Brigade, Commander Vitor?”
