8.77 B
Page 43
“No. No…now I realize you did not mention why that other company did not continue after this Oierdressql fell. Answer me truthfully, Peclir Im. How many soldiers died to raze Oierdressql?”
“I don’t have the exact numbers—”
“Answer me!”
That blank-faced Human just stood there, as if weighing the benefits of telling Fezimet. Perfectly unafraid.
“…I believe the Fraerlings fought amidst the ruins of their city, and their…Tallguard fought in force to cover their retreat. A fuller count of the entire campaign, including the final spells loosed that destroyed most of Oierdressql, created about seven thousand casualties.”
“Seven thousand—and they did not line up and die! What final spell?”
“It erased about a hundred feet of space. Naturally, this time precautions will be taken to prevent such spellcasting. I have secured twenty Lamia [Mages] to neutralize magic when we sense the buildup. Failing that, we will offer the Fraerlings enforced surrender. Your job is to crack the city open. Seize their libraries; even if the city is entirely destroyed, their spellbooks should do. Or capture enough survivors.”
The Quexal couldn’t believe Peclir.
“You tell me this…now. Now, you tell me that any forces surrounding this city might perish.”
“You will need to be quick. And do not inform any but your most trusted officers.”
Fezimet looked blankly at Peclir, then he rose and saluted the Human with all the irony he could muster.
“I serve Jungle Tails. I hope—from now on, you will never give me orders, Chamberlain Im. Because I believe you are no commander.”
The Human let him have that. Fezimet slithered down his tower and joined the last muster of [Soldiers].
His best officers were ready to finish the job. They were…upset was putting it mildly, but Fezimet knew his soldiers were ready to charge into the final death-zone and attack Paeth.
[Fireball] spells. Enchanted arrows—or just hitting it with rocks. Break the enchantments and then begin taking the city down with sledgehammers.
Fezimet slithered down the street to jeers and even someone nearly throwing some mud—until one of the Medusae paralyzed the fool. Talenqual was still covered in smoke. But this was it. This was it, and after this, he’d report to Jungle Tails and leave it all behind. Fezimet, the [Mercenary], still considered it worth the price he’d paid.
He stopped before he left the city. Someone had decided to bar his way.
“Move aside, Human!”
One of the Quexals with Fezimet snapped, but some of the others glanced around, suddenly…wary. Another looked ahead and gasped.
“Commander Fezimet. I see some of the enemy!”
Fezimet’s head snapped up, and he looked past the annoying yet familiar face of Daly Sullivan to someone behind him. He snarled, and his soldiers drew their blades.
Because there, standing behind Daly and one of his Bushrangers…was a Drake. A line of [Soldiers] in their stupid formations was shielding him; Kissilt stood well behind them. And there…
“Commander. Movement in the woods. I see Dullahan armor. Centaurs.”
Fezimet’s gaze shot over, and he saw more forces hiding there. But the real cincher was Quallet Marshhand.
He was just…watching. With about a thousand [Soldiers]. Fezimet slithered forwards.
“What is this? Treachery? Commander Marshhand, I hope you’re not reconsidering my offer?”
He would rather send Gravetender’s Fist or the War Walker to take out Paeth. However—Quallet didn’t immediately reply.
