8.77 B
Page 49
So the United Nations were going to war against the Featherfolk Brigade. The last ploys had failed. Umina’s blood raced.
They’d all die, surely? Fezimet was so confident he could win. He was all about his forty-thousand soldiers. Such a large army. But every [Strategist] knew a victory was more than numbers.
Umina looked around the docks. So deserted. Not enough guards and security, and Talenqual burning the forests had made most [Merchants] decide this was not a place for future trading. They could smell war.
However, the Featherfolk Brigade had also taken from their garrisons too. Barracks, security detail—but mostly Talenqual where they were headquartered.
15,000 [Soldiers] besieging Paeth. Combined with Gravetender’s Fist, if Quallet were willing to take that kind of terrible battle with the inevitability of Fezimet’s reinforcements, everyone combined could barely come close to that number.
Bad fight. So, when Daly had proposed his line in the sand, it was Umina and Cameral who’d figured out the solution that the Titan would have at least passed them for. Umina turned slightly and grinned under her hood as she heard horns—a lot of horns—and drums begin to sound in the distance.
Gravetender’s Fist was on the move. They were a bit closer than Fezimet thought, and Bastiom would be coming through those gates in the vanguard.
But not to destroy them. Oh no. Quallet had ten thousand troops along with the [Strategists] and Humans. Not enough to take Fezimet’s full company in the field.
…But how many troops did he have in Talenqual right now? Umina would just bet that number was less than Quallet’s forces.
Cities were lovely places. If laid out right, and most Balerosian cities were, they were easy to defend and hard to take. But when fighting got to a city, no one liked having to fight with the enemy in your home.
I wonder how it feels, Fezimet? He could try to take Paeth, and Umina hoped the Fraerlings could hold out long enough. This plan hinged on that. Because while Paeth fought—Fezimet lost his home.
Hopefully he was dead. Umina assumed not. And her scales were tingling with nerves.
They had to win here, and it was not a sure thing. If the citizens went after them—if Fezimet countered them—
Whumph. Umina looked up sharply.
“What was that? Who’s got that kind of magic? Did Kissilt hit an alchemy shop?”
That was the only thing she could think up that would make that kind of an impact on their side. Or the Featherfolk Brigade’s [Mages], but Cotm just grunted.
“That’s our side. Don’t lose focus. Our ship’s coming in. You had better be right, [Strategist].”
Umina whirled away from the smokestack coming from one of the Featherfolk Brigade’s barracks. She turned and saw it.
A ship with armor, coming into port. Flying that famous flag of helm, armor, and gauntlet, all disembodied, of course.
The Iron Vanguard. She smiled in relief. Then…as she took in the much, much smaller ship than she wanted, Umina froze.
“That’s not Tulm’s ship. He’s not aboard. I th—wait. Wait!”
The Dullahan [Captain] was definitely no idiot. The instant he saw smoke and heard the fighting and horn calls, his entire crew was on alert. He strode down the gangplank.
“Umina Caxical, Tulm the Mithril has invited you to join him.”
“No, no, no—I told him to send a warship! And come himself! I have the answer to his question!”
Umina clutched at her neck frills. The Iron Vanguard! That was her big plan; the thing Tulm wanted so badly! Niers’ secret she’d paid for!
