8.77 B
Page 34
That Skill didn’t work on Dragons or anything as tough as Dragonhide. And there were a number of materials that counted, much to her displeasure. But it was a Skill for Three-Color Stalker. Anyone lower-level than her could block nothing.
One more capstone Skill. Foliana knew that she was setting off sensors; the compound’s defenders reacted to her fast. Even so…she stopped and buried another spell in the ground. Then she charged ahead, rounded a corner, and began hurling poisoned needles. Dodged back—leapt over her trap—passed through a wall.
“No explosion. Damn.”
Whomever was inside had prepared—just not for her ability to maneuver inside the compound. Foliana [Shadowleapt] to another group—and ran into a trap.
“[Shadowcatcher]! She’s here! She’s—”
Foliana activated a talisman pasted to the front of her armor, and a [Directed Fireball] went off. It still kicked her like Perorn and compressed her ribs, but she used that to roll to safety.
Stalker! She saw the guards’ terror before she stabbed them. Then Foliana lay down. She used a Skill and pretended to be one of the dead Medusae as more guards passed by her. Then she got up and followed them.
Dangerous. Dangerous…Foliana was panting after that. Her ribs hurt, so she took another sip of potion. That was close. She was getting old. There was a time she could leap six stories, do a backflip, and run a thousand paces and not feel a thing.
Ah well. She got meaner the older she got. Foliana took a Fraerling-made tool from her belt and slapped it on a wall.
“[Insanity]. Have fun.”
She thought she’d gotten half of them. Half…but the rest were rallying in a larger room. Foliana squinted, but even her magical eyes weren’t seeing their exact levels. Was that damn [General] even…oh. Wait.
Oho.
 
——
 
The last defenders of the keep were waiting for their [General] to get here now. They knew the drill. They were specialists sent to murder Three-Color Stalker. Very…special specialists that even Dragontouched had claimed would be able to do the job.
The [General] knew how dangerous Foliana was and should have run to this spot instantly. However—sometimes you were just indisposed. There was no accounting for chance, and he just had to wipe.
Foliana’s mission was done, but she was going for broke. Everyone in their trap-compound died. She wiped her blades on the Gorgon’s cape and snuck into the final room.
“I think General Korht’s dead. I just felt his Skills deactivate.”
“Damn. This is a disaster!”
Foliana was just behind one of the doors, and she saw a few folding screens in the compound. Had they bought a Drathian deployable building and brought it for her? Or was this a Skill? Or did someone just really like the decor?
All things were very valid, but it meant she had an even easier time hiding herself. Although…
Five [Stealthguard] variants? No…Foliana had to focus to [Appraise] them. 
“[Assassin]. And an [Immortal Avenger]. Uh oh.”
Level 40, both. She was about to sneak off rather than risk fighting two when something caught her eye.
Two of the people in this room had classes she’d never seen before. They were a Naga—an ordinary Naga, not any other form—and a Lizardfolk respectively. They had odd weapons too. Foliana waited a second too long; the [Avenger] spoke.
“She’s here. I sense the killer. Haste potions, now!”
They reacted fast. Foliana sighed and unveiled the rest of her traps. She had three seconds before the first [Stealthguard] trio moved around the folding screen and saw her, stealth or not.
