8.77 B
Page 9
Both Kissilt and the [Captain] had the knowing look of seafolk willing to tell the landlubbers what was what.
“It’s only one of Drath’s peacekeeping fleets. I say peacekeeping—only because they have actual armadas they’ll send out too. But this one will trade, fight—Border Fleet, get it? They’ll go from the edges of The Last Tide to Baleros or even the House of Minos, Chandrar, Terandria, and rarely, Izril.”
Drath was farthest from Izril, being closest to Rhir and Baleros. The Drathian Archipelago was one Luan had heard about—but never seen. And by the looks of it…he peered out and narrowed his eyes.
He recognized those ships. Oh, not any of the particulars. Not the magic plating, or the beautiful vessels, some hulls fashioned of dark wood with bright red railings, painted without a single sign of flaking, but he recognized the design.
Most ships like the schooner he’d passed were western designs. But the ribbed sails on these vessels? That reminded him of sailing vessels from China, or, where he’d once visited, Hong Kong. Not that these were junks—a kind of vessel—no indeed.
These were warships from a fantasy version, a powerful nation, and Luan saw a snarling—but distinctly non-Western—tiger staring at him from one of the prows.
Although…it would be wrong to say it was one country Drath was based on. Ken had thought it was Japan—especially because some Dullahans had known Japanese. However…Luan heard voices from the Border Fleet, and as they carried over the conversations around him, he realized they weren’t all Japanese.
Luan was a self-described weeaboo, a word that made Aiko wince every time he used it on himself. He was a fan of Japanese culture…specifically manga, anime, what was analogous to comics and so on for Americans, he supposed.
He knew a little bit of Japanese, often from television, so usually very stylized. However, you got an ear for it, and he knew the alphabet. So Luan knew what he was hearing was…not all Japanese. There were just some things that didn’t occur in the Japanese language. The ‘L’ and ‘V’ sounds were not in the alphabet, so native Japanese speakers sometimes had problems saying ‘V’ sounds in English.
The more you knew. Luan, as someone from South Africa, who’d traveled because of his profession, had picked up a smattering. He couldn’t see the [Sailors] well…but he definitely thought they were speaking some other language as well as what might be Japanese now and then.
Interesting? Most definitely. This encounter began to take up more significance in Luan’s head—especially because he saw this Border Fleet was enough to make even a Great Company sweat.
The Whitewash Channel was large enough to let even The Pride of the Wellfar sail down it; one of the warships was so vast Luan saw hundreds of [Soldiers] marching down the decks or standing at the railings. A woman in robes was stalking ahead with slips of paper floating in front of her. She was speaking to someone with a bushy…tail?
“Who’s that? That’s not a Gnoll. Nor a Beastkin.”
Kissilt frowned at the person Luan was pointing at.
“Must be a peculiarity of Drath. That’s…one of their biggest warships. Are they answering some kind of insult? They could sack Moxy with how many ships they sent! I’m amazed the city let them in.”
The Garuda [Captain] nodded.
“Apparently they’re heading north. But like I said—that big warship? It was heading up, no problem, and stopped dead for the last twenty minutes.”
