8.77 B
Page 39
Poire was…bleeding. She had internal potions built into her armor. The Alchimagi had calculated how many potions a Fraerling could ingest before it became poison, and then given her a third more.
She was out. Her insides were mush. The creators of Crelerbane Armor had designed it to soften impacts, but once the magic failed, the padding…
She had already gone blind in one eye. The Fraerling lay on her back.
“Crelerbane, retreat. Paeth? Are you there?”
She thought that her communication spells had gone offline, but someone replied.
“Commander? We cannot pull you out of your armor. The wards…”
“I have a report. I regret…I regret to inform Paeth on the Coast that the Crelerbane forces were unable to effect our kill-to-death ratio.”
“What? Don’t—”
Someone shut up the speaker on the other end. Poire felt someone picking her up, trying to tear off her helmet. She stared at a snarling Gorgon and grinned bloodily.
“We…have only achieved forty-six kills per unit deployed. I don’t think I’m making it back. Good luck.”
“Thank you, Commander.”
Someone was choking up on the other end. The last Fraerling on the field saw daylight as the Gorgon twisted her helmet off.
“Any last words, Fraerling?”
She spat some blood out of her mouth.
“Sure, you idiotic Tallfolk. Amend it, Paeth. Forty-seven per—”
The jaws closed over her head as she triggered the spell in her gauntlet. Too late. Poire’s armor lit up—then a hole opened in the world. Everything around it vanished, including the Gorgon’s head.
The Crelerbane left the field with three survivors. The Featherfolk Brigade bled. But they found Paeth at last.
 
——
 
On the night of the seventh day, Luan snapped a muscle in his shoulder.
Noa heard it, sitting on the scull and watching as he crossed the safer flat waters where saltwater met fresh; a rippling lake of two currents meeting and mixing.
As flat as the coastline got. Two moons, faintly blue and green, and the myriad stars shone down. Amidst all that beauty she’d never seen before, the horrible sound of muscle tearing, his immediate swearing, and groan of pain fit perfectly.
Perfectly, to Noa. Her great adventure into the world of the tall felt like that. Wonder, amazing and kind new people—and the knowledge that her home was about to fall in the background.
Even the injury didn’t surprise her. This was not the eighteenth time she’d told Luan to take a break, or the fortieth.
Seven days of rowing, sometimes replacing sleep with stamina potions. Not all delivering people; he took two contracts just to earn gold so he could hire another [Mercenary].
“Luan?”
She looked up and saw him grabbing one-handed for a healing potion. She saw his brown eyes glittering with pain in a face filled with sweat.
“I’m fine. I’ll…give me a moment. Just give me—”
He drank half the potion and splashed the rest on his shoulder. Noa didn’t think it would work as well as it would on some injuries. Torn muscle wasn’t something the body necessarily healed perfectly from with time. But she hoped it was one of Alchimagus Resk’s potions—they were restoratives, not accelerants.
I told you this would happen. Neither Fraerling nor [Rower] had to hear it. Besides…that implied Noa thought Luan should slow down. She couldn’t bring herself to. If she told him to take a break, it was only so he wouldn’t injure himself, so he could go even faster later on.
His callused hands had blisters despite all his practice, and they’d developed cuts from the stinging salt wind and being wet and dry. Luan stared down at his hands as they rested in his lap. Blisters fading, skin closing.
