8.78 F
Page 36
That was as far as the Blighted King got before his hands began shaking so hard he had to fold them or reveal it to the court.
He let his [Queen] read the missive—although the contents had been read to the court. Somehow, seeing the writing not couched in diplomatic language made it worse. One of the nobles in the room looked ill with fright.
“What…what does Khelt know? It has rung the Dragonward Bells. And it has unleashed armies without number.”
“There is always a number. Quantify it.”
One of the people in the room, Bastion-General Quietel, snapped. A [Mage] counted.
“…A million plus undead soldiers are heading north. More holding the borders. I count four Jaws of Zeikhal. One Giant—the corpse of one—heading to A’ctelios Salash. Multiple carpet riders, and their two high-level Revenants and the half-Giant force have begun an advance in the north.”
The court of the Blighted Kingdom was silent. That…
They were one of the most powerful nations ever. Empowered by forces around the world and made stronger by their strife with the Demons. But that…was something.
The Blighted King, Othius the Fourth, licked at dry lips. Could this have anything to do with the ritual? Seamwalkers in an unseen location…no. No. Surely not.
But maybe—
“N-Nereshal. Where is Nereshal? Summon him at once.”
His most trusted mage, the [Chronomancer] who also dictated many affairs of the kingdom, was absent. He should have been here already—but the time-mage was absent. He was a servant of Rhir. Where was…?
When he appeared, Nereshal’s appearance said most of why he hadn’t come to the war meeting. He was as pale as death.
“Your Majesty—I am unwell. I believe…something is terribly wrong. I beg leave to investigate it.”
He looked sick. No, not just sick…the [Healers] had tested him, so the sweat pouring down his face, his skin as pale as a corpse—the shaking was all psychological.
Or a product of his class. The Blighted Queen stood. She was an imposing woman, a [General] from the front that Othius had taken when he remarried.
“Nereshal! What is this threat? Can you sense it?”
“Threat?”
The [Chronomancer] hadn’t even seen the [Messages]. When he read them, he turned paler still, and everyone around him backed away since it seemed he might vomit.
“So that’s what…I must investigate. Your Majesties.”
He turned and began hobbling away without even explaining. Of course, the Blighted Queen just strode down and grabbed him.
“What is wrong with you, Nereshal? I have seen more spine in a new [Soldier]—get ahold of yourself! Who is doing this? The Demons? The Death of Magic?”
She slapped him a few times across the face briskly, and Nereshal shuddered. It did seem to work, though, and Othius saw him focus.
“It—I apologize, Your Majesty. I do not know. The Death of Magic could not do this. Not alone. It may just be Seamwalkers but—I do not know. I have felt ill at ease since the death of the Great General, Dionamella.”
Othius twitched. The Great General that even Rhir had only vaguely known about, who had surpassed Nereshal. The [Chronomancer] had not taken that well, but he had been rather silent about the issue. Now? Othius understood why.
Nereshal was sick. He was shaking.
“I feel…I feel…I beg your pardon, Your Majesties, but I feel as though someone is walking over my grave. Yet that is no expression. I must investigate it.”
He tore away and stumbled out of the courtroom. Faced with one of his greatest [Mages] looking ready to throw up—the news from two major powers and Khelt, who was famously reclusive and guarded itself…Othius made one decision.
