8.78 F
Page 32
“What has happened here?”
“Your Majesty! We swear allegiance to Khelt! Spare us and take us into your wondrous protection!”
The [Doomsday Leader] looked up as the Revenant gazed at the city, mystified. The people gazed up in awe and fear, and Fetohep hesitated.
“I have no time for this. Mage’s Guild—send the [Message] spells. It is past time, it seems.”
He galloped off. The people watched him go, then turned to the [Doomsday Leader].
It was remarkable how fast the man switched.
“Do you see? He has conquered a city without raising a hand! Rejoice!”
The sweating man waited, and then cheers broke out. But Fetohep was far too far away to hear them.
 
——
 
Faster. Fetohep of Khelt demanded speed.
Past Thorica, across one of the rarest sights in Chandrar. Fetohep himself looked down as, for a second, the world grew less arid. The blazing heat faded a bit—and his mount looked down in wild bewilderment at the grass it ran across.
Even now, the grass bloomed across Chandrar. Not green, though. This was lush and yellow, not wizened stalks, but capable of keeping water and living in the driest months.
“The Eternal Grasslands.”
The horse tried to slow, wanting a taste—just one mouthful of that bounty. Fetohep himself looked down and realized he had found what some searched for their entire lives. He could bring a cutting back to Khelt.
He would never find it again if he rode past it. The Eternal Grasslands bloomed only for a short part of the day to devour the sun; the patches that remained would hide the rest of the day. Adapted for Chandrar.
Fetohep hesitated just once, then he urged the horse onwards, racing through the memory of one of Chandrar’s greatest [Archmages]. A Gnoll. He rode in her name. Rode in the name of all that had ever died.
“Faster. Ride for the greatest cause you or I will ever know. Ride, great daughter of Chandrar!”
So the mare raced onwards, and the King of Khelt continued. He passed a thousand feet of grass in seconds. He never looked back.
At last—a group reached him. They only stopped because they found the King of Khelt standing over a horse. And a trail of blood.
She had snapped a foreleg. He was pouring something on her as the horse screamed. It went quiet, and the soldiers saw the terrible damage done to the horse fading. It lay there, and Fetohep looked up as they skidded to a halt.
“[At His Majesty’s Side]! Sire!”
A panting Kheltian appeared with a small force of a few hundred troops. Fetohep strode towards them.
“At last. I require a mount. Someone tend to this one. Bring it back to Khelt and ensure it wants for nothing. What of the final Revenant?”
The lamed mare looked up as Fetohep glanced back just once. Then he was facing the soldiers. One leapt from his steed at once and bowed.
“On its way. Herdmistress Geraeri is moving to reach it—it will head north. Your Majesty…where are we going?”
The ruler of Khelt pulled himself up into the saddle. He saluted the horse, then pointed with one hand.
“Medain. Then further still.”
The soldiers looked at him, but the undead were already marching. So slow…Fetohep snapped.
“We must increase our speed! Vaults—carpet! Find me any Courier to the north and tell them to meet me—now.”
He could move fast—but Fetohep desired more speed. So he began to race with the Kheltian detachment following—and hired Couriers and sent carpet-riders shooting forwards.
“Your Majesty? What…?”
A Garuda landed, panting, and Fetohep handed her three objects.
