8.78 F
Page 5
“I say, what was that, Drassi? Did you say you were paid…two thousand three hundred? Because I am, uh, fairly certain that my remunerations are approximately five thousand per year with six hundred gold coins in expenses…”
Fetohep said nothing. He just watched. He watched a little girl with white fur suffering because of a color. He did not move.
He saw and felt servants of Khelt fighting, drawn from one of the great relics of Khelt to defend its wielder. That was something. But he held that little piece of paper in his hand.
How much longer will I wait? The piece of paper distressed him…as much as what he saw. He should have told Kevin to stop. To wait.
But he had not known what was happening in the Deadlands. All he could do was make informed decisions, and he had little information. The people with whom he would have been consulting had just—vanished. Gone quiet.
Died twice?
Nothing was more terrifying to the undead ruler than silence. He had waited centuries in control of his kingdom—but the last month was the hardest he had ever lived through. Something terrible had happened. He knew it.
Then—the ghosts came back.
They arrived in a sudden rush. A sea of every ghost that had ever died in Chandrar, countless billions, maybe a number even greater than that, from large to small, from legends to common folk, flooding into Khelt, overlapping, babbling of destruction and the end of the world, horror and despair.
Fetohep, of course, heard almost none of it. But a strange contraption he had ordered dug out of Khelt’s vault, the only one that his people had been able to find, twisted as a Soulweave Veil—a strange object like a dreamcatcher, or so Erin had claimed, but patterned with a thousand strings, creating a beautiful, eerie pattern—swung madly.
Signs of ghosts. It whispered for a moment as Fetohep rose, bulged wildly, then tore itself into pieces. The ruler of Khelt saw the artifact shred itself before more ghosts than its creator had ever dreamed would be in one place. And he heard their voices.
The Rulers of Khelt and Erin. Those were the only ones Fetohep could hear, by virtue of his connection with the rulers of Khelt.
“—return you to your body, Erin. Now. The ritual must be attempted. We must stand here. Stand, I said! Cease your wailing and hear me!”
It was Khelta, first of all, the great [Queen of Necrocracy] that Fetohep heard, calling to the other invisible ghosts around him. Her voice was…strained.
Fetohep saw her striding, gesticulating, but he did not see the other ghosts—only her. Fetohep began to speak when someone stormed towards him, through one of the walls of his palace.
“Fetohep of Khelt! You must awaken Erin! You must hasten the completion of the ritual at any cost! Fetohep, the enemy has made its move, and time has run out!”
It was Queen Xierca, his predecessor and beloved ruler. Fetohep had never seen her as worried as this. Anguished, yes, guilty when she reclaimed his broken body from the battlefield and gave him the weight of his duties.
Never this.
“Great Khelta? What is happening? Is Erin Solstice alive? Where have you been?”
Xierca blinked at Fetohep, her ghostly body the echo of her living self. She shook her head.
“Alive? No. We have seen the enemy. It moves! They come from beyond the edge! Fetohep—”
She was making no sense—and her voice was one of eighteen. Fetohep heard Serept speaking to someone. Erin Solstice was disappearing through one of the walls, looking confused. She was noticing…Fetohep lifted the piece of paper in his hands. He turned to Khelta as the [Necromancer] whirled to him.
