8.78 F
Page 57
Ceria did and jumped off the wagon to find Revine as the Siren of Savere stood up.
“Revine! What’s happening? Do you see Ksmvr? What about the undead?”
“Shut up! I’m checking…this is a precarious situation.”
The Siren’s army slowed as all the pieces fell into place. Five armies, all watching each other as the evening fell. Ceria shaded her eyes, trying to cast [Hawkeye] with the circlet completely untrained as she looked at the various armies camped about.
Undead?
 
——
 
“Soldiers attacking! Undead too! They’re coming for us, Empress!”
Ksmvr’s head rotated as Nsiia and Vasraf spotted an unexpected first wave. The Empress shaded her eyes.
“That is not Nerrhavia’s fallen. They’re fighting against Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Odd sandstorm—that’s a Skill. They’re no [Soldiers], either. There’s women and children there. Refugees?”
“Did someone say undead? Excuse me—”
No one listened as Ksmvr did a few hops with his Ring of Jumping. He was trying to see the undead, but even when he soared overhead—he didn’t see more than a dust cloud and fighting. Nsiia hesitated.
“If those are refugees—they might be Tiqr’s. Vasraf—let them through!”
“Empress, they might be saboteurs! This might be Savere’s doing or—or someone has given Thelican an idea!”
Vasraf protested, and Nsiia hesitated. Salii interrupted the two.
“They’ll never make it unless you go out there. Again—not a [Strategist], but that looks like a bad idea. Nerrhavia’s closing in.”
Indeed, a wing of chariots were racing to intercept the desperate people and undead. Nsiia hesitated. All they had to do was nothing, and she didn’t sense they were her people. If she rescued them, they’d be caught out in the open. Ksmvr kept hopping.
“Excuse me. What undead? What undead? Hello? Domehead, give me a boost. What undead?”
 
——
 
“Who are they, Thelican?”
Yvlon was allowed to use the [General]’s name, and Thelican actually broke off insulting the Siren via proxy as the two leaders growled at each other.
“Ah—no matter, Adventurer Byres. I gather they’re mostly [Bandits]. They’ve been raiding Roshal’s caravans on their way here. Merr the Storm, a [Bandit Lady] who escaped—we just arrested her! Damn the woman—I will post her head on a pike before the day is done. On my honor! Somehow she’s gotten undead too. Typical [Bandit] tricks…”
Yvlon moved to one side with Zenol. Undead?
“There is no way that is a coincidence, Yvlon.”
“There is no way that can be true, Zenol! He was so far west—”
The [Prince] looked at Yvlon. He hefted his scimitar.
“You wish to talk coincidence when I found you in my homeland, a continent away from the Village of the Dead?”
That was a good point. Zenol whirled. Mectail, Thexca, and Relladen were tensing. Exchanging looks. Thexca was crouched, dagger hilts in her hand, ready to draw.
Mectail was just watching Yvlon. She glanced at him and made a sign they’d worked out in their brief stint as a team. Thexca groaned as Mectail nodded at Yvlon.
“The plan’s changing. I hate improv—”
The [Gladiator] watched as Zenol seized the [General]’s arm.
“General Thelican, we may have found Yvlon’s comrade. Abort the chariot charge!”
“What? I can’t do that! They’re about to hit—”
Yvlon turned to the [Slaves], eyes growing wide. She stared into the dust cloud.
 
——
 
“So that’s the Empress of Beasts you want to kidnap to…what? Torture? Add to your servants and humiliate? And an independent nation about to be wiped out. And that’s Illivere. Why are they here?”
“I don’t know.”
