8.78 F
Page 38
Jecaina looked at Fetohep, but then an actual scroll popped into the air. She recoiled, and someone drew a blade, but Fetohep just swatted it, and it went flying into the middle-distance.
“Fetohep. What was—”
“Ignore it.”
Jecaina saw him furiously writing to the Gnolls—and then another scroll popped into place. This time Jecaina caught it. Fetohep didn’t stop her as she unrolled it.
 
To his Eternal Majesty of Khelt, Protectorate of Jecrass, 19th Sovereign in service to Great Khelta…
 
The address was quite long, and it looked like it was a hurried missive. However, it was the same one as the scroll Fetohep had swatted—and the next one that popped into the air that he ignored. Jecaina’s lips moved as she found the sender and the contents.
 
…Claiven Earth offer you a ceasefire to this war with generous reparations to be dictated at your leisure…
 
She looked at Fetohep, then tossed the scroll over her shoulder and hit one of her people in the face. They kept riding towards the border. Vizir Hecrelunn, cursing Fetohep’s name, flew overhead.
“[Summon Allies: Extreme Range]!”
A thousand shining soldiers of Khelt materialized, and the Vizir crashed into the ground with the magical effort. Fetohep tossed a Perfect Mana potion at him.
“Sixty-nine thousand more. Where is that last Revenant!?”
The Jaw of Zeikhal was now…charging across the ground in huge bounds that caused minor earthquakes behind them. The Claiven Earth were not aware of the other two Revenants until the Scourgeriders were seen pouring southwards and the final one began heading north after picking up two Named Adventurers and the famous Centaur, Herdmistress Geraeri. Jecaina saw another scroll appear and unfurled it out of curiosity.
This time the address was mostly the same, but the wording was changed.
 
…our full surrender pending certain guarantees…
 
Then Fetohep of Khelt began pulling artifacts out of his vault. He reached up—and the sky split. A bolt of lightning fell to earth, struck his hand, and when the horses stopped screaming and Jecaina could see, she saw a rapier with a jagged tip, filled with electricity.
Or was it a bolt of lightning that just looked like a sword?
Fetohep regarded it and then handed it to her.
“Kill High King Perric with this.”
“If he gets in our way? Are you giving this to—to me?”
“If he gets in the way, I suppose, yes. Name me your four best warriors. I will give them arms and weapons. Ah, there’s our backup. You there. We must move faster!”
Fetohep turned, and Jecaina saw something catching up to Jecrass and Khelt’s lightning advance. She nearly aimed her sword at the [Rider], who actually turned slightly to avoid it. But Orthenon, the King’s Steward, joined their ranks, and Fetohep looked at him.
“Spear or sword?”
“Spear.”
Fetohep reached out and called.
“[Open the Vaults]. The Diamond Serpent’s Spear of Serept.”
He pulled out a glittering blade made of gemstones, a sickly green, that seemed to writhe as Orthenon took it. The [Ruinbringer Steward] hefted it and handed it back.
“Too temperamental.”
Fetohep sighed and tossed it to one of his people. He reached into his vaults again, and Jecaina saw another scroll appear. She caught it, read it, and handed it to Fetohep who read it with a sigh.
 
The Claiven Earth offer our unconditional surrender to Khelt.
 
Medain’s was hot on its heels—albeit via [Message] spell since they couldn’t teleport scrolls. Fetohep ignored both. He only looked up from his ride when he heard that the last great force of Khelt was following them.
 
——
 
