8.78 F
Page 27
Aret couldn’t keep up. Fetohep looked back and saw the young man was two hundred paces behind. He sighed, whirled his horse, and rode back.
“Very well—[Follow My Back]. Ride, Aret! Ride in the name of Khelt as if the lives of all you hold dear depend on it!”
“My horses? Wh—aaaaaaaaaah—”
Then Aret began screaming because they accelerated. 
He had seen professional horse racers, and some could hit speeds for a short while that made him dizzy to imagine. To go that fast?
Fetohep of Khelt swept Aret up in a Skill that made him as fast as the Revenant. And even without [Greater Haste]—Fetohep could make Touse charge like a bolt of lightning as if he were on the battlefield.
Then he produced a Potion of Haste and fed it to Touse. The living had one advantage over the dead, and that was a stomach.
“We’re going to die! We’re going to—”
Aret nearly bit his tongue as the landscape flashed past. He was farther than he’d ever ridden in twenty minutes, and they thundered past a village he knew where he traded for gruel and other necessities. The people looked up and screamed as Fetohep rode past.
“Not yet. Fear not death, Aret.”
That was all the King of Khelt said to him. Then it hit Aret.
He was riding with a living legend. Or…undead legend. The King of Khelt himself, riding on some terrible purpose. Aret felt it.
It was the presence of a monarch. A King. The air hummed. That was why Yellie had sensed Fetohep—even if you were standing, minding your own business, you’d turn and spot him. Like a sixth sense.
Everyone in the region felt Fetohep riding. But the sheer speed of his progress was not the only thing that made Fetohep noticeable. He was talking, Aret realized after the panic wore off slightly. Giving orders and communicating nonstop. Floating stones and even a crystal orb hovered around Fetohep, flashing with magic.
“Unseal the Revenants! I gave you that order—I do not have to be there! Unseal them, and I will give orders as they awake! Send Emrist’s Revenants to me—and Dolenm’s first to Herdmistress Geraeri!”
He switched speaking stones at once, and a scrying orb lit up. A babble of voices—
“Your Majesty, the Quarass wishes to speak to—”
“—politest inquiries from the Emir Yazdil—”
“—Qualvekkaras is seeking answers—”
Famous names. Each one! The Quarass of Ger was the one Aret knew most. She could answer any question, could change your class, give you great knowledge if you went to her. Sometimes she asked a price, but he had heard she died. Then came back.
Yet Fetohep just snapped.
“I have no time for any one ruler! Prepare to send a mass [Message] to—”
Then the orb flickered, and someone appeared. Fetohep, Aret, and Yellie all stared at the Naga.
“Apologies, Great Fetohep. I am Emir Yazdil, and I have been inf—”
Fetohep raised the scrying orb and hurled it down. It exploded in a plume of magic, and Touse raced faster as Fetohep conjured another one from his vaults.
“Send a [Message] spell as follows.”
“To whom, Your Majesty?”
“Everyone. Hang the cost. Send it to every [Mage]’s Guild—but hold. Hold on my timing! Where are my Revenants!?”
For twenty minutes, Aret rode with Fetohep, listening to the king speak in stupefied awe. Yellie, Touse, didn’t seem to feel the speed at which they galloped. At first.
Yellie was boosted by Fetohep’s Skill, but Touse had to actually run, and he was growing tired.
“Is there any city nearby? I must have a horse—how far north are we? Only past Hellios?”
He had crossed a nation in little over an hour—a nation and a half since he had come from Khelt. Aret stuttered.
