8.78 F
Page 48
“Your Majesty. What is occurring at Eternal Khelt? You have raised…all your greatest undead.”
“Necromancer. I make for Izril.”
Fetohep’s voice was harried, and he had none of his usual regal formality. Az’kerash’s dead heart began to stir in his chest.
“To…take part of Izril?”
To support me? He wasn’t ready. The Necromancer of a year ago would have rejoiced to hear of it, wrapped in death, and unleashed all his worst nightmares upon the Walled Cities, Antinium, and Gnolls.
Not Archmage Chandler. Not now. So he was relieved and alarmed at Fetohep’s reply.
“No. Khelt must go to Izril, if only to stop this madness of war. But my task is far greater than that. A foe kith and kin to the Seamwalkers has emerged. It is vulnerable. I will slay it—or damn Khelt in the doing. I have need of your aid.”
Who could be doing something like that? Where? Az’kerash’s mind raced.
“Naturally, Your Majesty. I am hidden, but my servants are well able to help…”
“I do not need that. The might of Khelt joins me. If we cannot prevail, no force can.”
That was…harsh but true. The flying [Vizir] and that Revenant Draugr were potentially stronger than Kerash, Venitra, Ijvani, and all of Az’kerash’s Chosen. For now. The Necromancer tapped a finger urgently on the desk he sat on.
“Then what?”
“I have dire need of the greatest [Necromancer] living. Can you…not see what comes?”
Fetohep sounded surprised, and Az’kerash felt an unexpected moment of uncertainty.
“I see nothing, Great Fetohep. Do you mean the dead? There are spells…but I seldom employ them. Nor do I see…ghosts.”
Presumably some might hang around his castle? If only the Drakes he’d slain and travelers. But none were to be found. There were things to be done with spirits, but it was an aspect of necromancy even his class had abandoned because of the difficulty. Yet Fetohep’s voice was urgent.
“You will see none on Izril. Not anymore. Yet master every spell you can, Necromancer. I have great need of an object, and you must build it within days, ere I land on Izril.”
“An artifact? For what?”
There was a hole in his castle from the distortions, and Belavierr was nowhere to be seen. This was not the time to take on projects, and Az’kerash was weighing how to refuse when Fetohep really got his attention.
“This is a matter beyond vengeance or my nation or your goals, Archmage Chandler. I require you to build this relic at all costs, and I will reward you with whatever you desire. But it must be done. Create for me a Soulprison—the likes of which even Great Khelta would admire. And make it as strong as you can. Strong enough to hold something greater than a Dragon’s soul.”
Az’kerash sat straighter, and he had already been in excellent posture.
“A Soulprison? For what? What is this foe? Name it and I will try to slay it myself, Fetohep.”
The Revenant hesitated.
“It—you must take exceeding care not to damage the vessel. I go to slay an [Innkeeper]. Erin Solstice. And capture what lies within.”
Az’kerash was glancing at a scrying orb, but when he heard that, he rubbed at one ear.
“…Excuse me?”
 
——
 
It did seem like the world was ending. Khelt’s march into the north had shattered the plans of everyone, from the King of Destruction to the High King of Medain.
He hid in his palace as a man in chains was led out of the dungeon into the light and deposited outside the gates of Medain’s capital.
Raelt of Jecrass looked around in bewilderment. His captors had suddenly pulled him out of his cell, dressed him with the same clothing—even armor and his sword that they had taken from him the day he was captured.
