8.78 F
Page 51
The hordes of Nerrhavia’s Fallen. A Grand Army. Orjin almost smiled.
Almost…if it were just him alone, he would have resigned himself to his fate and seen how far he could go. But behind him were people who would die and had not asked for this.
“Did I make a mistake being so selfish, Salii? I should have acted more like a leader.”
In reply, the Drake just laughed and slapped him on the butt with a clipboard. Orjin looked at her, and the Drake shook her head.
“Orjin, I come from the Walled Cities where all they do, from Pallass to Fissival, is pursue their petty ends. Power, appearance—very few thought of the world in terms of right and wrong. Perhaps it isn’t the most advantageous way of doing things. But I like it. Pomle can still win.”
“Hm. If each [Martial Artist] brings down a thousand foes…yes.”
The Drake shook her head. She’d purchased plate armor from somewhere. She slid down the visor and spoke in a muffled voice.
“They don’t have your resolve. Inflict too many casualties and they will retreat. Although—this army’s come for Tiqr. The Empress of Beasts is their target.”
Orjin considered this. He glanced over his shoulder.
“Ah. Then should I not have offered her the Peace of Pomle?”
Salii shrugged.
“That might have been a wise strategic move, but I’m not a [Strategist].”
They were beginning to chant. A trumpeting elephant heralded the arrival of the Empress of Beasts, Nsiia.
She wasn’t much changed from the last time Orjin had seen her; she had lost her spear, and her bodyguard was different. And she had an army.
But the woman herself rode upon a Grand Elephant’s back, if not as large as the other one, a hissing housecat with Golem-legs on her shoulder. The Empress of Beasts was followed by her Wild General, Vasraf, on another elephant, and Tiqr’s army stood with the [Martial Artists] of Pomle, who parted to let her pass.
That was vaguely interesting to Orjin, and her army had been welcome reinforcements—until the Grand Army came calling. But the ones who really attracted his attention were the Empress of Beasts’ companions.
The Monks of Sottheim and the Loquea Dree, servants of the King of Destruction, had challenged the [Martial Artists] of Pomle and traded techniques for a week. Some had lost—many of their best had won.
Orjin himself had sparred with the [Abbot], Shurein, and found the old [Monk] impressive—if different in ethos to Pomle’s folk. He was quick; Orjin still had a bruise from yesterday on the back of his head.
“The largest battle in living memory and you had to punch each other all night long. I suppose that’s a good sign. You didn’t level up, did you?”
“No.”
The Strongest pushed aside the potion Salii offered him. The Drake sighed—then shuffled behind Orjin as the most interesting duo appeared.
Domehead’s armor was battered from fighting [Martial Artists], but he came through the fighters like he was a prize-fighter, still shadowboxing and practicing the punches he had observed. And behind him…
Ksmvr of Chandrar, the heir to the [Silver Illusionist] sword school, had the twin blades he had stolen from another Gold-rank adventurer in his hands and a crossbow in his third grip. Nsiia still carried the magic sword that glowed with such intensity.
A Gold-rank adventurer. A strange one. He stopped next to Orjin.
“Strongest.”
“Ksmvr.”
“H-hello.”
Salii poked her head around Orjin and nodded at the Antinium, great enemy to her people. Ksmvr raised his mandibles, and Salii hid around Orjin’s right. The Golem halted, lights shining in its head.
