8.78 F
Page 28
“Th—there’s a large city past the Blademaster’s Cut. It should be—”
He trailed off. He was about to say, ‘it should be three days’ ride north’, but then he realized—they were coming up on it.
A tremendous cut in the ground had created a canyon filled with a river and bountiful life that let a city to the north prosper. Whether or not a [Blademaster] had cut it—it was a huge landmark and impassable, save for one bridge. Fetohep saw it coming up, and Aret pointed.
“The bridge is that way! Left! Left!”
“I know. I do not have time for bridges. Prepare to jump.”
“Prepare to—you cannot jump it, Your Majesty! It’s impossible!”
This was not a jumping gap. It wasn’t ten feet or twenty—there was a river and entire valley between both sides! Aret began screaming at Fetohep, but the Revenant just sped up.
“Leave if you wish. [Open the Vaults]. Scroll of Jumping.”
“Even with it you’ll never make it! You’ll—”
Then Aret saw the ground vanish and open space beyond. He almost turned, but Touse was there, and he saw Fetohep casting the spell. The Revenant urged the horse into a full sprint, and then he leapt. Yellie followed his son with a scream, and Aret screamed his last. He wished he had some fighting final words like—‘I should have never followed the King of Khelt’.
All he had was a scream. Wild, panicked as the horses leapt, and he looked down and saw the Blademaster’s Valley.
A thin river of red under the sun, like blood thanks to the soil, and sparse trees and vegetation—but Swordtrees too, tough and sharp. A flock of birds rising in alarm, a few strange, loping ape-animals. And high above them, an undead and young man, the latter screaming.
“Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Aaaaaah—”
Aret took a breath.
“Aaaaaah! Aaaaaaah…dead gods.”
He looked down as the horses freaked out, feeling nothing below them, and galloped fruitlessly in the air. Aret gulped—
Then they hit the ground. Fetohep kept galloping as Yellie excreted all the food he had ever eaten—then followed. Aret just looked back. His mouth stayed open until something hit him like a punch to the face. He reeled—and then felt at what it was.
He’d hit a fly, and it had splattered across his head.
 
——
 
For one hour, Touse rode like lightning—then even stamina potions couldn’t help. The horse was suffering, and Aret and Fetohep noticed.
By then they had gotten closer to the north, riding along Belchan’s border, and more cities and tiny nations dotted the region.
Past the Blademaster’s Cut, where the descendants of that great warrior still trained themselves to become [Swordswomen] and [Blademasters]—they looked to the walls and saw a living young man and a great undead riding together.
Two horses, one a fine steed, the other a young colt running itself to the edge of injury. Yet they blazed, the living. Pushing themselves beyond every step, hooves kicking up clouds of dust. Following in the wake of two blazing golden eyes, and a mouth open in a shout of desperation. A call to war.
Fetohep leapt from his horse as he and Aret stormed through the gates of the city of Kalcuraz, so fast that they couldn’t be lowered. He landed on the ground, the robes of an ancient ruler swirling around him. Thusly, he turned, lifting a hand, his voice without a trace of breathlessness. Just hurried.
“Here we part, Aret. If you find no gold on your return, Khelt shall pay your price. You have raised your horses well. Level well.”
