8.78 F
Page 8
It seemed he had not. He looked down at the hasty note, which had no followup to the desperate inquiries from the others, himself included. It read:
 
We tried the ritual. Something went wrong. It’s not her. Relc went after her.
 
Fetohep looked up. He stared straight at the shocked ghost of the [Innkeeper], and it confirmed the worst. If it weren’t the ghost standing before him…
Who was it? Which one? Did it even matter?
The worst had come to the worst. Disaster struck twice. In the silence, the despair that ate that last firefly of hope…an [Innkeeper] sighed.
 
——
 
So here they were. Erin Solstice was still shuddering from what she had witnessed.
The end of the world. The Deadlands and perhaps more.
Norechl, the God of the Lost, leading an army of its kin to overrun any protections the ghosts of this world had.
Magic sword, stolen umbrella, the sands of Khelt’s rulers, or even the relics of Terandria’s blades and Dragonfire. Even the Dragonlord, Xarkouth, and the gigantic Wyrm were humbled by the sight of foes larger and more horrific than they could dream of.
“And someone hijacked my body.”
Erin couldn’t help but add that one in. Just…it was a bit personal. Not hugely grand…okay, maybe horrible depending on which one had gotten it.
But she felt like it mattered to her.
The rulers of Khelt that Fetohep could see were joined by the great ghosts of old. Erin’s friends. Gerial, Cawe, Califor and the [Witches], the Rebel of String, Elucina, the Sage of a Hundred Thousand Secrets, Velzimri, the dead Earther, Abel, and so many more.
Facing the end. Not just that—Ryoka Griffin was a kidnap-victim of some huge Wyrm…jerk…in Ailendamus. To hear Fetohep tell it, Mrsha was being hunted by her own kind.
Oh, and there were some wars in Baleros and around here. Just to put the icing on the calamity cake.
Erin Solstice had known terrible days. Days when a single Goblin Chieftain was breaking down her door.
When Skinner was crawling up to her inn.
When a Goblin Lord attacked Liscor.
She was fairly upset that the worst days of her life kept being trumped. And to look around at that sea of ghosts—this was their worst day too. Each and every single one. None could name a greater threat.
…Okay, some of the really old ones and Named Adventurers were comparing this to the Creler Wars, or the time when magic died, but it was tied for worst day ever. Erin Solstice sat, chin in her hands.
“So this is it?”
The rulers of Khelt were putting on a brave face. Erin saw Nerrhavia, the Immortal Tyrant, trying to rally the shocked ghosts who followed her.
She counted…fifty-eight speeches going on. What it looked like to Erin was that the greatest heroes of every age were rather like the people in her inn. Some had shattered mountains and led armies.
But they were still people. When the end came, some panicked. Others raged. Still more stood defiant or resolved themselves for the last. It was patently unfair.
It reminded Erin of something. A very wise Selphid, Jelaqua, had once said something to Erin after the death of Ulrien. When they talked about brave, good people like the Gold-rank Captain and Brunkr dying.
“Sometimes the bad guys win.”
Khelta looked at her—and so did Fetohep.
“What, Erin Solstice?”
The [Innkeeper] shrugged fractionally, chin in her hands.
“I think that’s what she said. Jelaqua. She told me once—that being a Gold-rank adventurer, an adventurer, meant that you had adventures like that. Sometimes you didn’t make it out. Sometimes the good guys lost and the bad people got away. I saw it happen myself.”
