8.78 F
Page 43
He rode forwards as Jecaina of Jecrass looked upon the gathering of Revenants. Salui turned to her.
“You—you—you—”
Thitern nodded to Jecaina and moved to shield her slightly with his own sword and shield. Jecaina gulped and bowed to the shaking Revenant.
“Are you Great Salui? I am Jecaina of Jecrass, [Queen]. Ally to Khelt. Practically a vassal nation. Protected by His Majesty, Fetohep himself. We are on the same side.”
She felt the need to emphasize that. The [Champion of War] made the Jecrass forces clutch at their weapons uneasily. He pointed at Jecaina with a shaking finger as Orthenon rode left and right, staring southwards.
“You—you—is that a rapier? Are you Terandrian? Are you…real?”
When the startled [Queen] offered him the rapier to inspect, Salui just turned away.
“Not real. Not that one…you. You’re real.”
The [Ruinbringer Steward] turned in his saddle just in time to see Salui charge him with axe raised. Orthenon swung his spear to meet him—dodged backwards. His horse screamed, and Orthenon rode backwards, staring at the rift Salui had just made in the ground. He aimed the spear, but Salui had calmed down. He stared at Orthenon.
“Yes. You’re real. That makes three.”
He looked around at Hecrelunn, at Orthenon, and included himself in the count. Salui abruptly sat down.
“Three will do. Tell me when His-Xe’s enemies are in front of me. I have killed the plague beyond The Last Tide before.”
It was that kind of army that the brave [Knights] of Terandria’s Crusade against Khelt beheld. They didn’t even look at the ranks of armored Humans.
An undead Revenant halted on horseback for the first time that day. He lifted a hand.
“[Knights] of Terandria—surrender your vessels and you will not be harmed. Resist and I will use your bones to crew the ships. I do not intend war against Terandria today.”
Fetohep of Khelt, the true Ruler of Khelt, pointed down at them. Now they sensed his aura. The real body was incomparable to that…fake he had used.
In the distance, Jaws of Zeikhal were on the march. You could see them on the horizon, and behind Fetohep was that terrible warrior who had slain dozens of [Knights] in hand-to-hand combat before growing bored and leaving the battlefield.
Half-Giants. Not a single one had fallen thus far. And…that wretched Revenant, the [Vizir], hovering behind Fetohep, eyes glowing crimson, the very color of his hateful soul.
Undead. Monsters. The Arbiter Queen rode with Khelt, which just showed her naiveté. And yes, the [Knights] had heard Khelt’s warning.
They also didn’t want to die. But honor and chivalry warred with their practicality. Their commander was riding forwards to tell Fetohep that when the evening sky grew bright as day. Everyone but Fetohep looked up—and saw an [Arrow of Light].
One of those basic spells that every [Mage] could cast. Infinitely adaptable. Why, a dedicated spellcaster could make one damage steel armor. [Archmages] could cast thousands as chaff spells.
You could also make one as large as a ship and throw it across a thousand miles. It slowly curved down—and hit the ground. Then two more blasted down, to the left and right of the panicking Humans and screaming horses.
Blinding. The undead watched without moving, though some winced from the sheer power of the light magic, which was anathema to most of their kind. Jecaina’s people shielded their eyes and cried out.
When they looked again—they saw glass. Razzimir’s Arrows had left charred, cooling pits of glass on the sand beach. The Terandrians looked at Fetohep as he lifted his hand.
