8.78 F
Page 41
Alked Fellbow held his breath as the King of Destruction made several incoherent sounds. The young woman was hesitating. She was calling for Venith, and Alked had no doubt that the King of Destruction’s vassals had a definite view on this.
But Fetohep understood something about Flos Reimarch’s invitation. Insults aside…a magical, floating warship, a promised Potion of Regeneration, and Fetohep calling him a coward?
There was only one response Flos would have given. He stepped onto the ship, and the young woman did a flying leap after him. The [Captain] pointed.
“Not you. Specific orders. Teres of Atwood?”
“Teresa Atwood. But I’m his—”
“[Get Off My Ship]. To the north.”
The [Captain] spun the wheel as Teres went flying back into the balcony just as Venith stormed out.
“Flos!”
Too late. The [Captain] shouted as he merrily kidnapped the King of Destruction.
“All hands, brace! We’re going quick, and wind-shear’ll knock you off the decks! Someone break out the casks for the living! It’s only a few thousands years old! We might be getting a few more visitors. To Khelt and the end of the world!”
He laughed as the ship took off. The King of Destruction looked around and saw Alked Fellbow. Only his eyes were visible between the layers of bandages. But the interest, anger, delight…all warring with each other were eclipsed by one emotion.
Confusion.
He had no idea what was going on either.
 
——
 
No one could see the threat. Or at least—not nations. Not Chaldion of Pallass. Not actual Cyclopes.
However.
Some of them could sense it. Some simply knew Khelt and rode with the King of Khelt.
Others were just…
Ullsinoi. Galei stormed into the communications center of Wistram with three dozen [Mages]. More of his faction than had ever been seen.
“Magus Galei—”
“Stop getting in Khelt’s way. When they say there’s an alarm—when Drath gets nervous, you panic.”
He emphasized his point by aiming a glowing wand between the [High Mage]’s scaly brows. The Centaur wasn’t smiling.
He couldn’t see anything.
But he believed. And but for the Golems blocking the way to the higher floors…he was certain that they would have known.
 
——
 
Some people had no more insight than Galei, but they had seen…things. Ulva Terland read the messages from Khelt, and she remembered one particular event.
Shadows at a grand party during the Summer Solstice. Five strangers. And…strange visitors from afar. She had left those memories as part dream. Part omen. Now?
When she heard Fetohep of Khelt’s warning, she listened. She believed.
 
Wistram: The academy is now sending [Message] spells free of charge for the duration of the crisis. Signed, Ullsinoi.
Terland: House Terland and the Five Families second the crisis. Let all [Lords] and [Ladies] of Izril return to weather the storm.
 
——
 
What worried other nations with neither eyes nor context was how many great powers were raising that alarm. How did they know?
The answer was that most did not. Only a few beings could even tell something was wrong.
Like the Death of Magic. Silvenia floated uncertainly up, high in the sky. So high up she was at risk of attack—but she had to see.
“Silvenia! What do you see?”
The Death of Chains, Czautha, had her shield at the ready. Yet the half-Elf just turned left and right.
“…It’s not here. I have to leave Rhir, Czautha.”
The Djinni flew higher, grimly watching the Blighted Kingdom’s lands to the east.
“You cannot. The Blighted Kingdom is on high alert. You will not survive if they corner you. Can’t you see…whatever’s happening? Seamwalkers?”
