8.78 F
Page 33
“Here. Here. And here. [Haste] scroll. Teleportation marking stone. [Message] scroll attuned to me. Fly. Inform me when the scroll ends, and we will teleport to you. Go. Go!”
She hesitated—then flew. Fetohep slowed briefly to communicate. But he kept moving forwards. Each foot of space between her and them meant that [Teleportation] took more mana. It took the Courier thirty minutes to call in that she was in-place, and another ten for Fetohep to get in range.
“[Mass Teleport]!”
He left anyone not on horseback to keep moving and link up with the army. Fetohep sent someone else on carpet as the Courier panted for air.
Leapfrogging. An old tactic like a horse supply chain—the only limit was how many teleport spells you had.
Fetohep had a lot. And he was casting [Speed], giving out Potions of Haste—and casting spells with so much raw mana that some of the cities which he passed…
A [Detect Magic] artifact exploded as Fetohep and his people passed through the air and took out an [Artifact Seller]. Another city was burning in more riots.
By the end of the fourth hour of Fetohep’s ride north, over two thousand people had perished. More still looked up, saw his approach…and made their choice.
 
——
 
They had been waiting for him for just over an hour, but they saw Fetohep of Khelt for only eight minutes as he crossed the land like a blur.
Every house and village was surely out of their homes, looking to see that terrible omen. When they did see him—was it a monster they saw?
Or that desperate look, even on a long-rotted face? The way he rode, low to his horse, as if each second were a life being lost?
That familiar…terrible need?
A man with a bared sword stood on the flat ground outside of a farmstead, so remote that few passed by save for today. He watched as Fetohep rode towards them, aiming to pass by the simple road that led up to their home. It could have been coincidence he came this way. Or not. The man turned to a few people peeking down at him from the home he had built, once he learned how. He called out to them, repeating himself one last time. As fathers did.
“Stay here.”
He faced the rider coming towards him, outracing his escort to the south. The man motioned, and the door to his home shut. His family. He locked gazes with the burning gold and stepped forwards as Fetohep of Khelt moved to ride past him.
Yet the man stepped quickly to block his way. The mortal horse reared, and Fetohep looked down at the bared blade.
“I have no quarrel with you. Stand aside.”
“I can’t do that, King of Khelt.”
Fetohep focused on a man he had never met before—with a strange blade. It looked too good to be in his hands—enchanted, not at all fit for the worn [Homesteader]’s face and the humble place.
Yet it was his. The stranger had a too-blank face, like someone who had practiced impartiality, failing the ability to fake a laugh or a smile. His hands looked weathered from work. His arms were covered by plain cotton, but that which had never known stitching.
Plain cotton? But the thread was so fine that it was a fraction of the weight of regular cotton. Gossamer-thin that a spider would consider light. Yet enchanted so it would not break, and woven delicately into cloth that had never known atrophy or age. Taken for granted, then prized once the owner realized how much of a gift it had been.
The man looked neither tall nor short, deliberately average—until you realized how he stooped slightly. Until you saw that blank look reveal a bitter stubbornness that neither stone nor weather could defeat. Greater foes had tried.
