8.78 F
Page 9
It reminded her of that. Of Tyrion Veltras, of Regrika Blackpaw.
Sometimes the sky fell down. Erin Solstice slowly got up. She dusted off her clothing and found she was wearing a stained and worn apron. She looked down at some casual, padded shoes and worn, Drake-style pants. She scrubbed at her hair as the ghosts turned to her.
She did not collapse. Califor drifted over, resolved.
“We must reclaim your body, Erin Solstice. No one must use it.”
“I know. And I know this is…it. Khelt can’t block those things with walls of sand.”
“Perhaps one. Or three. Or as many as we. But some are true monsters to match Giants. And we have no Skills nor magic! We may fight them—or perhaps they will erase us with a touch. The former, I hope. But Chandrar is lost.”
Khelta said it calmly. Fetohep’s head rose, and the undead Revenant’s jaw fell open, but he said nothing. Just listened. Khelta turned, and a sense of purpose entered her eyes.
“We must return you to your body, Erin Solstice. That is the one thing we can do. A small act of defiance. And the rest…we will make a final stand. A last, glorious battle, even if it must be with hand and soul.”
Her words failed to inspire many. However…the [Innkeeper] just nodded.
“Yeah. That’s how it should end.”
Gerial looked at Erin and saw the [Innkeeper] was smiling slightly. She looked into the distance and sighed.
“…Erin?”
Gerial rested a hand on her shoulder. She couldn’t feel it, but Erin smiled at him anyways. She lifted a hand and made a fist and it was heavy. Small. No [Minotaur’s Punch] behind it.
“Sorry, Gerial. This is it, isn’t it?”
Erin Solstice touched Gerial’s arm with her own, and it wasn’t as…real as she remembered. What had she been wearing? What cloth? It all blurred a bit, like a lost memory.
Witch Califor broke off from talking with the other [Witches] and turned. The ghosts saw Erin Solstice smiling around. But faintly. As faintly as the flickering memory of her clothes.
“Sorry, guys. I just realized—this is it. Really it. No second chances. I’m glad I’m here with everyone. Really. I’m just…a bit exhausted. So I’ll fight hard, then have a sleep. Sometimes you do your best, and then you fail. Then you find out what comes next.”
She looked at her hands and laughed softly. Sadly.
“Then I guess we find out what comes next after even that. Because I don’t think we’ll win this one.”
A little ghost was fading away before their eyes. No…she had been waning ever since she came here. Now she flickered low, but she was waiting. Waiting…for the last burst of flame. One last blaze before it all went out. And this time—it would be the end. Everything ended some day.
The [Innkeeper] looked up, and no one, from rulers to heroes, had anything else to say.
It was true. There was not even a body to get to. The Scroll of Resurrection seemed so far away. Khelta glanced at Erin Solstice as Califor strode over.
“You have somewhere left to be, Erin Solstice. I will see you returned to your body if only for my daughter.”
Erin nodded. Yet—Califor? Gerial?
“Everyone else is gone, though. Even if I get back. That’s true too, isn’t it, Califor? I’ve seen it before. I’m tired of being the last one.”
She lowered her head, and the dead watched her in silence. Erin Solstice closed her eyes as Califor watched her flicker. She took one deep breath. Then another. Then Nerrhavia tried to slap her.
“Hey.”
