8.78 F
Page 16
Each building was a work of art; from above you could see the workings of Khelt’s citizens, who wanted for nothing but great purpose. Even the paving stones had been known to be custom-cut, and there were streets where each stone was a work of art; some had poems etched onto the stone.
And that was the street. Why did Alked Fellbow know all this?
Well…the Named-rank Adventurer thought it was a smart move to know facts about his new employer’s city. Not that Fetohep had demanded he ingratiate himself, but this might be his home. Forever.
It was such a surreal experience to be in Koirezune. For one thing—there was no coin. There were other faux currencies, and social standing was a world unto itself, but the open café they were frequenting didn’t take money in the sense of gold. The latest fad-currency were these delicate rings, some as plain as polished sandstone, others made of platinum.
They were worth something in pure metal, but it was just…fun. However, you tipped each other with them. Alked was a master archer, tracker, and more, so he could see some people exchanging them from his seat or creating loops to hold the rings. That was the latest fad in Khelt—and practicing fighting. He had already seen three impromptu duels break out, and one of the combatants had been an old man!
But then—they weren’t sharp blades, as Fetohep of Khelt had outlawed it so his citizens wouldn’t kill each other. Some were trying to learn how to be [Blademasters], and others shot arrows—all because they had seen their King’s great rampage north.
Fetohep of Khelt. Alked mused on the strange ruler who had met him face-to-face, unlike Queen Yisame, whom he had never actually heard address him personally and only seen at court functions. He was interrupted by a nervous, female voice.
“Are you sure we can eat here, Alked? You said you don’t have the local coin.”
The Named Adventurer stopped his musings. He turned as his mother, his sister and her husband, and his youngest brother all stared at him over the delicate foods of Khelt.
“It’s fine, Mother.”
“Are you sure? Because I remember you saying that when we were celebrating you becoming a Silver-rank adventurer, and then you couldn’t pay—”
Alked Fellbow was a Hemp-caste Stitch-folk man. His skin was made of the very beasts he hunted in part and magical hemp. But it still made him look…rough. He had survived a Manticore savaging him without armor, but he was still considered Hemp-caste by Stitch-folk.
By contrast, his family were all Cotton. They had traces of Hemp—their heads especially, but they had been elevated thanks to his deeds in Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Not to Silk…but they had certainly profited from his career.
Still, family was family. Alked shook his head.
“Mother, we are in Khelt. This is not a trial period; we have been granted citizenship forever. For ourselves, our family—until we leave. The café owner was only too happy to let us eat here.”
“For an autograph. And they don’t take coin. How will we work? How will we survive?”
Alked sighed.
“We don’t have to work. I told you—we will receive food. A bounty of it, from the fields and harvests by the undead, every week. Even if you tossed it all away to rot and lay on the ground, you would be fed. You can walk to any of the places where food is given out and ask for more.”
Of course, there were limits. Someone who kept taking food and just tossing it on the ground might have some of Khelt’s officials inquire as to the situation, but you really couldn’t starve.
“From undead.”
