8.78 F
Page 26
And the rider knew it. He was cursing, urging the horse to keep going as both its magic and the [Greater Haste] spell failed. But the flaming hooves were a bad sign.
Fetohep of Khelt galloped across Chandrar like an omen of the end. Flaming horse leaving footprints of its own body as it wore down. They were maybe eight thousand feet away and far more visible when Aret saw the undead horse’s magic give out. It collapsed into a pile of bones, and the impact threw Fetohep through the air.
Aret watched the undead king right himself, arms flailing, brace—and then hit the ground. He had to have flown a thousand feet, and Yellie snorted in awe. But the king just lay there a second, in a pile of robes, and then got up.
Then he started running. Aret saw the undead man just charge across the flat ground so fast that, as Aret galloped towards him in awe, he had to race with all his Skills just to catch up.
“Excuse me! Excuse—”
The emaciated head turned to him, and Aret squeaked in fear. But the echoing voice had no breathless quality—just regal authority.
“You. Give me that horse.”
Aret froze. Fetohep of Khelt slowed slightly.
“I will pay for it. I have need of a horse. I am Fetohep of Khelt. Give it to me.”
“I—no! I am Aret, [Horsefriend]! You—you’re the ruler of Khelt?”
Fetohep patently didn’t have time for celebrity recognition. He just turned and kept running—then he spotted Aret’s stable.
Touse was grazing on some weeds, but at the sight of an undead Revenant racing towards him and Aret and Yellie, he froze and snorted.
“That one. I will pay for that one.”
He skidded to a stop, and Aret whistled before Touse could run off.
“[Hear Me]—Touse! Don’t run! Don’t kick! Friendly! I—I can’t sell him!”
Fetohep was grabbing for something he didn’t have—a bag of holding? He snapped his fingers impatiently.
“[Open the Vault]. Gold!”
A shower of it rained down, and he grabbed a double-fistful and offered it to Aret. The boy stared as two hundred coins rained into the dirt.
“I—I—”
More gold than he’d dreamed of having continued to fall out of the air as Fetohep pointed.
“It is all yours. Give me that horse.”
“No! You’ll kill him!”
Aret had just seen the undead ride another horse literally until it exploded. He rode in front of Touse, and Yellie anxiously blocked his son. Fetohep was losing patience.
“I do not have time for this—then lease me that horse.”
“Not if you kill him!”
The undead looked around, but there was no horse or settlement for miles, and he couldn’t summon magical horses from Khelt’s vaults—there were none. Of all the things Serept had not made—
“Very well! Then ride with me. Until you are certain your horse is not dead or I find one. Satisfied? This will be your payment!”
He pointed down at the gold. The Horsefriend wondered how many horses he could feed with that—he nodded and jumped off his horse to pick up the coins, but Fetohep tossed the gold down.
“No. We ride!”
“But—”
Fetohep leapt onto Touse’s back, and the horse reared. Aret had to mount up. He began to soothe the stallion. This was the first time Touse had a rider besides Aret and an undead? Not to mention Fetohep was riding bareback—but to his amazement, the horse reared once, then dropped. The horse stared back at Fetohep in amazement, but the Revenant just nodded.
“Ride with me, Aret.”
He took off. And Aret knew he had a problem.
He had seen Touse run before, and he was way faster than Yellie, his older sire. But whoever Fetohep of Khelt was or had been—he’d been a high-level [Rider].
