8.78 F
Page 30
Their leader sat calmly, lance at the ready as he faced Fetohep. The ruler nodded.
“It is Emrist who still exists in the lands of the dead whom you fight for.”
“She does?”
They reacted much like the others, but Fetohep could give them no time. He pointed.
“I require three to fly south. The rest of you—join the Giant and two Jaws of Zeikhal. It will be your ends. Therefore—Coutei-Dinai.”
“Your Majesty. I am of Khelt—will you order me to battle?”
The Djinni bowed, eyes watchful. Fetohep simply gazed at him and made a quick decision.
“…No. I will order you to take two of your number and carry my will to the south. Then? Join the rest at A’ctelios Salash. It is waking up. You will render it sleeping if you must slay every single being in Tombhome.”
A’ctelios Salash sensed its kin. When they heard this, the Scourgeriders sighed. Their leader leaned over his carpet.
“Ah, now there is a fitting end. To fight Chandrar’s old doom—we obey, Fetohep. And thank you for a fitting battle. But Coutei—he is an innocent soul whom we counted amongst our number. I beg you release him, as you seem to intend?”
The Djinni watched Fetohep, and the King spoke curtly.
“Render me my last service, Coutei. Then go. You will be hunted by your kind if you are seen in battle unchained.”
“As always. Thank you. You understand Emrist’s will.”
The Djinni looked sadly at Fetohep, but the King stopped him as the Djinni moved about his final duty.
“…When you leave, fly carefully, but seek Rhir. Not the kingdom upon its eastern edge, the Blighted Kingdom, but the Demons of Rhir.”
“Who? And why would I seek…Demons?”
The Djinni looked interested as Fetohep gazed at him. The ruler nodded his head.
“Because one of your kind, known as the Death of Chains, Czautha, has freed many Djinni. If you go—you are not of Khelt, nor were you save for a Djinni freed accidentally.”
The Djinni’s eyes widened, then he threw back his head and laughed.
“Death of Chains!? I will do this! I shall fulfill your last wish with joy, Fetohep of Khelt. My friends…put that monstrosity to sleep.”
He turned with tears in his eyes, and Fetohep looked at the riders. One offered her carpet to him, but he declined.
“You will all be needed. Go. Keep it asleep a millenia longer.”
They flew, and Fetohep looked back south. He saw faint shapes on the horizon. Following him. Undead legions, the Jaw of Zeikhal he had summoned, another standing on the border. But so far. Fetohep of Khelt knew it. So he spread his arms.
“I am Khelt. To me, my armies! Forwards, the legions!”
In the distance—the Jaw of Zeikhal slowly began to speed up.
 
——
 
One Jaw of Zeikhal had been equipped with a magical palanquin to carry its riders into glorious battle. Another had been given a strange object.
A…shrine. Or was it a beacon? It was made of bone, of course, and it held a kind of sloshing liquid within. The essence of death. This one had been built by Khelta herself. And it had a simple task.
Every undead surrounding it turned [Invisible]. However, the terrified living people who’d climbed onto it finally began to configure it and changed the effect. The invisible undead reappeared, and the Jaw of Zeikhal suddenly began to speed up as the entire magical aura changed from [Invisibility] to [Speed].
Khelt’s hordes marched, and Nerrhavia’s Fallen gazed upon a true foe without end. They were not just all heading north—though the lion’s share did—but spreading out. Holding the borders.
Armies of the undead. By now, Chandrar had heard the Dragonward Bells tolling. Many had seen the Giant and the Jaws of Zeikhal rise.
