8.78 F
Page 24
The [Vizir] popped out of the world and re-emerged into the air over Fetohep’s head. He snapped.
“You fool! What is—”
Hecrelunn looked around, and the red light in his eye sockets winked once. Where was…?
“[Teleport]. You—”
This time Hecrelunn barely caught sight of Fetohep before the Revenant blasted past him. Hecrelunn did a double-take then flew after him.
“[Haste]. Fetohep of Khelt! What are—”
He failed to catch Fetohep. Hecrelunn’s crimson ‘eyes’ became pinholes as he realized the King was using a [Greater Haste] spell.
“That is a relic of Khelt—what is going—”
Then he noticed the Giant and the Jaws. Hecrelunn nearly slammed into a rock spire—Fetohep was outside of Khelt! He blasted it into pieces, then turned.
“The Giant is…? One, two, three—you had five? How did you get—Fetohep of Khelt! Heed me! [Teleport]—”
He failed to catch Fetohep six times. The ruler didn’t even notice Hecrelunn, such was his velocity, until the enraged [Vizir] began throwing lightning spells. Then Fetohep slowed.
“Hecrelunn. There you are.”
The undead had to fly at top-speed just to catch Fetohep, and his voice shook with fury.
“The Vizir deigned to answer your…what is going on? Dragons? When did Khelt receive a Dragonward Bell? What is happening?”
“The end. The ghosts of Khelt are in danger. An army of Seamwalkers. I require you to act—now! I am unveiling the tombs. Khelta herself and Heris fear they will be destroyed.”
Fetohep relayed the information in the most succinct way possible. Too late—he forgot something.
Hecrelunn understood Fetohep was in communication with the dead ghosts, but he was loyal only to them. The Vizir’s red gaze was twin pinpricks, then he spoke.
“An army of…? I—this Vizir will communicate with them. Relay my words! Ask them how it is I shall fight for them!”
“There is no time. They are with me—”
Or they’d catch up. Since there were no physics or Skills in the Deadlands, they moved at the same pace except for the ‘six’, whomever they were. Normally, that could outstrip all but the fastest mortals, but Fetohep had left them behind for the moment.
They would follow him. Yet Hecrelunn was…panicking. Just like Fetohep.
“Do not play games with me. I am the Vizir that has served both rulers of Khelt! I shall speak to them—”
“Vizir Hecrelunn. Silence.”
Fetohep slowed further, and the [Vizir] raised two hands brimming with hostile magic.
“You do not order me, petty little—”
Fetohep’s undead stallion jumped sideways, and the ruler of Khelt, enhanced by [Greater Haste] and his Skills, grabbed Vizir Hecrelunn by the throat. The other Revenant felt a vice grip close on his throat. Fetohep was still riding, but he lifted Hecrelunn and bellowed.
“Now is not the time for your petty pride. I have not a second to waste on you, Hecrelunn! Khelta and Heris are in danger! Are you a servant of Khelt or a rabid dog? Fly north! Teleport as fast as you can—Khelt follows! Find Salui and the half-Giants of Serept and break the Terandrian Crusade, the Claiven Earth, and Medain! Go to the capital city and liberate the King of Jecrass!”
“But—”
Fetohep had no lungs—and thus no limit to his volume. His voice echoed for over a mile as he roared in Hecrelunn’s face.
“Go! Spare the innocent! Eradicate any who stand in your way, but clear a path from here to the north! I do not care how many cities you must burn—slaughter that [High King] on his throne and put his puppet on the walls to open the gates if you must! Any nation that stands against Khelt—turn to dust, but hurry.”
