8.78 F
Page 37
“Put all the walls on high-alert. Bastion-General—to 4th Wall. Send a [Message] worldwide ratifying the nature of this threat. Ignore Wistram.”
It seemed obvious that they had no idea what was going on. And just as obvious…something was.
But what? And where? All they could do was wait.
And watch Fetohep ride.
 
——
 
Jecaina of Jecrass met Fetohep after ten hours. Ten hours, and he had crossed most of Chandrar. Fetohep could not count how many spells he had used. Nor did he care.
“Fetohep! What’s happening? Is it my father?”
“No. We ride for Medain! Use your Skills, Jecaina! I will explain more as we ride! Move!”
The [Riders] of Jecrass fell into line, and Fetohep was grateful for it. He felt his company accelerate as the [Hero], Doubte, shifted in his saddle to regard the Arbiter Queen.
Crossing a nation was no easy task. The [Trick Riders] of Jecrass managed to cross vast spaces with Raelt once by swapping horses, using stamina potions, and the sheer need to catch Jecaina.
This time—they employed it for Fetohep.
“[Company: Lightning Hooves]. [Willowind Charge]! Wind spells at your back!”
The first leader shouted the Skills and began counting down. As soon as the effects of both Skills ended, someone else began.
“[Harried Gallop]—watch the horse’s hooves, loose gravel—[All-Terrain Riders]! Stamina replenishing Skills—thirty minutes! Send word we need more speed Skills—”
They were an arrow heading north, but Fetohep knew his entire army was far, far behind them. Still…the last Revenant was coming, and they had army enough. But what he needed was tens of thousands.
“I do not have a mass-teleportation spell. Vizir Hecrelunn. Come in. Ferry the best soldiers to Medain. I do not care how you do it. Draw from the vaults—but do it. Herdmistress Geraeri is capable of moving vast armies at speed, but I will be in Medain by nightfall. I want the ships loaded and sailing before midnight. Every warship or larger.”
“You want what? How am I supposed to move—that’s seventy thousand—”
The Vizir squawked in his ear, and Fetohep snapped back.
“Do it! Accelerate the Jaw of Zeikhal if you must! It can carry most forces in its wake!”
Jecaina twisted to look at Fetohep; the Jaw of Zeikhal, this one, was able to teleport forces to it. It was Khelta’s creation; all others were weaker, but this one she had defeated nations with. Oh—and it was coming straight for the north.
The Terandrian Crusade? The Claiven Earth? Medain?
They woke up this morning to Salui, Serept’s half-Giants, and all of Khelt charging across the battle lines they’d drawn. Followed by Vizir Hecrelunn, who had one goal. Not to decimate the Terandrian [Knights], the half-Elves, and Medain. That was only the byproduct.
They wanted the warships.
Of course—it might look to the Humans, half-Elves, and more Humans like Vizir Hecrelunn commandeering their way off the continent. Just as Fetohep of Khelt, the genuine article with an aura of death, charged north with all the fury of Khelt behind him.
Look up and see the Jaws of Zeikhal on the march. A Giant’s corpse and a million undead headed your way.
Jecaina saw Fetohep was furiously writing invectives against Wistram, communicating to dozens of people at once. However, some of his targets were ignoring him.
Ailendamus did not respond to his demands to end their war—nor Baleros. The Drakes had one curt reply.
 
Zeres: We do not take orders from undead.
Fetohep: Then I will see your city shortly.
 
