8.78 F
Page 61
She had only one horse, but it kept racing forwards. Pisces fought clear of the net, and he and Yvlon looked at each other.
“How are you here?”
“Duck!”
Someone passed over them with an actual scythe slashing overhead, and both looked up.
“Was that a Garuda? What was what?”
It swept overhead and took out eight chariots just by holding its scythe at head-height. Yvlon saw more doing the same trick as the [Charioteers] ducked or died.
“Dead gods! Loquea Dree!”
“What? Who? Yvlon—your arm!”
He was staring at her other arm, which was regrown. Yvlon flexed her arm. Then she looked at Pisces.
“What happened to—”
They hit a final chariot, and both went flying. Neither had a Skill, and Thelican’s enchanted chariot took the force of the blow, but they were knocked off it again.
A dozen [Soldiers] of Nerrhavia’s Fallen were on top of them at once. One pointed a spear down at Yvlon.
“General Thelican has placed you under arrest, Adventurer Byres.”
“Don’t—”
Pisces was snarling and raising a finger, but neither he nor Yvlon had to move. Someone leapt into the [Soldiers], and Yvlon saw a flash of…silver?
The [Soldiers] were veterans and swung their weapons up to impale the leaping fool in the air. Half a dozen Skills lanced the Antinium—who vanished. The [Soldiers] wavered, and Ksmvr’s real body dashed low under their guards.
“[Silver Illusion: Whirlwind of Blades].”
It was just as well they were Stitch-folk. Ksmvr delimbed half of them, and the screaming Stitch-warriors fell back. One raised a throwing dagger to toss at the Antinium, and Yvlon punched him off his feet.
“Ksmvr?”
“Reporting for duty, Yvlon, Comrade Pisces! Oh. Your arm is regrown. I didn’t know Humans could do that.”
Ksmvr did a double-take and stared at Yvlon’s arm. He looked around wildly.
“Wait. I have a sword for you, but Empress Nsiia has it. We must get to safety—this way!”
“Ksmvr?”
Both were staring at him, but then the first attack spells began raining down around them. Yvlon, Pisces, and Ksmvr took cover in the safest place—Thelican’s overturned chariot as Pisces saw both mounts were gone. Ksmvr raised a blade to shield his face—then frowned as everyone took cover.
“Hm? Frost magic?”
Needles of ice were raining down across the battlefield. Pisces stopped gazing at Ksmvr and turned his head. A little floating butterfly made of magic and light appeared and landed on his shoulder. He slowly reached for it.
“Springwalker?”
 
——
 
Omusc was watching the chaos with the appreciation of someone not in that mix. Tiqr and Pomle had charged Nerrhavia when they launched their mistake of an offensive. Now it was chaos—undead and those [Bandits] with Merr fighting for Pomle.
It all looked good to her, in short—right until someone rode down their lines.
“Hey! We’re attacking Nerrhavia’s Fallen! Get ready!”
The [Bandits] looked at each other. Then at the messenger.
“We’re doing what?”
“They’re unguarded! Let’s go! Sneak attack, you bastards! Go, go!”
The [Bandits] hesitated, but they looked up at the half-Elf riding down the line and then at the Siren. She was the Siren’s ally. Then they saw Revine’s spell, the shower of icy needles falling across the battlefield.
The other half of the army was already moving towards Nerrhavia as the Stitch-folk army turned on them. Omusc squinted at Revine. The Siren hadn’t moved, but she wouldn’t exactly charge into battle herself. She sat on her palanquin of water and…Omusc hesitated. Then turned dead pale on her Human half and looked at Ceria.
