8.78 F
Page 47
Then—the enraged expression on the face of the helmetless [Knight] changed to one of perplexed confusion. He turned his body, and his armor, covered with locks in symbol of his kingdom, caught the fading light.
[Knights] up and down the lines raised their heads. Some warily clapped a hand to protective amulets, but the sound…it came from everywhere.
“What glorious music is that? Does it come from your Order, Dame Areushi?”
Someone turned to the only logical Knight-Order—some Skill or blessing activating from the Order of Chords, who rode alongside [Bards]. But the [Symphony Knight] simply tore a helmet from her head.
“It is not my order. Who…who is sounding it?”
The undead of Khelt, the legion of them arrayed in the distance, had heard it too. They gazed upwards in such clear confusion that it was obvious that they had no idea what was going on.
Even the zombies and skeletons. That was what Caled noticed—as well as how one figure reacted.
Fetohep of Khelt simply raised his head and stared at…something. Not at any person, but just a patch of air. The [Knights] of Terandria shifted. One pumped his fist into the air and drew a mace.
“It is a sign! This is the hour to work great miracles! In the name of Taimaguros! Charge!”
“Hold! Hold! This is no call to petty battle! Listen!”
Another [Knight] looked around wildly and tore the helmet from his head. He turned to the others.
“This is an omen. I feel the call in my bones! I will not die on distant Chandrar to no purpose. I will yield to honor and discretion.”
So saying, he tossed down his lance and raised his hands overhead. Another [Knight] raised a hand to smite the disgraceful conduct—then hesitated.
The call kept ringing in their ears. Louder and louder. Another [Knight] tossed down her lance.
“I will not die here. I have rode with Noelictus and seen their honor. Better to fight alongside death. Nay—I will ride with Khelt wherever their King goes! To Rhir or the end of the world!”
“Have you taken leave of your honor?”
The [Knight-Commander] was aghast. Someone else grabbed him. One of Desonis’ [Knights] supported the Order of the Hydra’s champion as the man calmly looked at the [Knight of Keys].
“Can you not hear it calling to you? Yield! Yield!”
The call was going up across the forces of Terandria. Even before the [Knights] were done tossing their blades down and their [Squires] and fellow [Soldiers] doing likewise, the King of Khelt was riding towards them, fearless of the danger.
“To the ships! I sail for Izril to end this war! Hero of Zethe, to me! We ride on Medain. Jecaina—likewise. Load the living and dead upon the ships and do not wait for us to follow! Set sail and go! Aim for Zeres!”
The [Knights] stirred. Izril? Was Fetohep going to enmesh himself in the war between Gnolls and Drakes? Yet just as they promised, [Knights] rode towards him.
“King of Khelt! Let us ride with you! What battle are we headed towards? Seamwalkers? Demons?”
“Folly. We ride to save the life of one child and an entire people. And to reclaim a single soul. If you wish to fight, I will not stop you. To Medain!”
Fetohep whirled his horse and stormed eastwards. The [Knights] were left speechless as the undead advanced, heading towards the ships. When you put it like that—and between surrender or a battle under those terms?
Which would you choose?
 
——
 
A single soul. The Necromancer, Az’kerash, finally got in touch with Fetohep at the worst moment. However—given the nature of what was occuring, he looked away from the scrying orb.
