8.78 F
Page 42
The half-Elf shook her head, her internal organs shifting as the translucent magical skin and replacement limbs shone across her damaged form.
“No. The Antinium may be fighting below—but they are not here.”
She stared, squinting at something, then looked around. She had always seen ghosts anywhere but Rhir. Now she understood.
“They are avoiding Rhir. It’s not here.”
One of the few people who could witness what was happening was in the wrong spot. However—Silvenia heard a chime as another [Message] appeared.
Some nations could tell something was going on. Just not what.
 
Avel: The Kingdom of Bows agrees. Something is wrong. Stand to arms, Terandria.
Noelictus: The Tombs are stirring.
Isle of Heiste: This is Heiste. The Archmage’s Isle. We are experiencing issues. Please contact us, Wistram, immediately. Something has activated.
Wistram: We are reaching out. Please clarify in private spells, Heiste.
 
The Archmage’s Isle? That paradise? Then Silvenia saw another…bad omen.
 
Avenclus: The City of Avenclus is requesting any, any companies to send forces at once. Forgotten Wing, Jungle Tails, anyone.
Wistram: Is this related to the emergency or a private affair, Avenclus?
Avenclus: Yes. The Labyrinth of Souls is activating again. Send Named Adventurers. Send the Titan.
 
Few things in this world could give Silvenia that feeling of unease. That…she closed her eyes.
That wonderful trepidation. She began giggling to herself, and Czautha just flew downwards as the Deaths of Rhir went to prepare.
 
——
 
Fetohep of Khelt saw the sea as his forces rallied with the advance army led by Hecrelunn, Salui, and the first of Serept’s half-Giants.
“Fetohep. Fetohep…where is His-Xe? Who is attacking him? Tell me so I can kill them.”
The greatest champion of His-Xe’s rule, the berserk warrior Salui, was vibrating in place. Tendons stood out as he gripped the giant axe in two hands. Fetohep halted and turned to Salui.
“He is fighting. We have another battlefield. Trust to His-Xe.”
“Still fighting. Without me?”
For a second, the Revenant calmed down. Then his head rose, and twin lights, like silver beacons, shone from his eye sockets.
“Then they will all die.”
He looked to the one force he could vent his fury upon. Mortals.
[Knights]. They stood alone in front of their grounded ships, teams desperately trying to unearth them or shift the stone and sand encasing the hulls. The [Vizir] pointed as one was on the verge of being unbeached, and it sank another ten feet.
“They have the ships you wanted. As does Medain. They refuse to surrender. Should I drop meteors on them?”
Fetohep looked at the army. He checked the fading sun, then spoke curtly.
“I will give them one chance. If they fail to surrender—Khelt will activate Razzimir’s Arrows.”
Hecrelunn, Salui, and Thitern—the leader of Serept’s warriors—all looked at each other.
“What is that?”
They all predated the 15th King of Khelt, King Razzimir. Fetohep answered curtly.
“A Tier 6 spell bounded to long-range magical fire. It can strike the coastline.”
Hecrelunn’s expression changed to one of deep interest—and disbelief.
“Our enemies allowed us to build such a weapon?”
“Our enemies were Crelers. Other nations petitioned Khelt to build it before Razzimir decided to send his armies alongside magical fire. Pewerthe—”
Fetohep lifted a speaking stone.
“Strike the coordinates Vizir Hecrelunn gives you with three Arrows of Razzimir. It should be as simple as having a [Mage] enter them. Oh—and warn every Garuda in the air to land.”
