8.78 F
Page 56
Rophir threw a dagger, and it bounced off the helmet. Bearig turned, but before the spear could stab, a bolt of black magic passed through the [Soldier]. Someone raced past the [Rebel Cook], brandishing a flaming rapier.
Pisces flicked his wrist, and a [Shatterbolt] made another breastplate explode. He pointed, and three more [Deathbolts] lanced his opponents.
The air was thick with death magic. The undead [Slavers] and Roshal’s guards from the caravans that Merr had raided with Pisces’ help were fighting Nerrhavia—but they were not nearly enough to stop that giant army.
Their only hope was Pomle. Pomle, which was under siege.
No help for it. They could only pray the [Martial Artists] took them in and that they survived. Merr could have used those strange Prophet’s folk or whatever they were called, but they’d gone their own way.
At least she had an enchanted sword. Merr the Storm roared as she pointed.
“To Pomle!”
There was…one other safe haven she could have taken. She glanced over her shoulder and saw a second army to their south. But she didn’t trust it. The huge gold palanquin supported by a giant wave of water lazily rolling forwards contained a single woman whose gaze pierced Merr’s back.
However, the [Bandit Lady of Storms] rode for Pomle. No—until she had a good bargaining chip, she didn’t feel like taking the one-million gold boy, Pisces, anywhere near the Siren of Savere. She just hoped Revine wasn’t going to start lancing their back with water spells.
 
——
 
“That’s Merr. What in the name of Kraken’s tits is she doing? Tell Nerrhavia’s Fallen that’s not our force. Where’d she get all those undead?”
Revine was cursing a blue streak as she watched two disasters unfold. Not only was Nerrhavia skirmishing with a bunch of freed [Slaves] and undead—they’d gotten to Pomle first.
“General Thelican is refusing any direct communication spells, Siren—”
Revine pounded a hand on her armrest.
“Tell them Nsiia is mine! And why is Femithain there?”
She pointed at the army of Illivere, watching the [Slaves] make a break for Pomle. Thelican had seen it too, and Nerrhavia was swinging an entire wing of soldiers out to try and catch them. The sandstorm was slowing them, but it was a race.
So that was…Pomle, Tiqr, Nerrhavia’s Fallen, Illivere, and Savere. Five armies! At least it was fairly obvious that they were all arrayed against Pomle’s fools and Tiqr. The Siren relaxed and pursed her lips.
“Keep advancing. Get me Thelican or Merr and have one of those idiots explain what is going on. Don’t advance too far—but get close. If we have to, we’ll grab the Empress of Beasts and that Ant in the chaos.”
Her people did what she commanded, reluctantly hurrying forwards, but the [Rogues] and [Bandits] of Savere did not like being outnumbered or the thought of fighting [Martial Artists], who, as they were well aware, lived to beat people’s faces in. They had a healthy respect for that.
As Revine gave orders, the rest of her army woke up or stretched with a great lack of discipline. Some were still riding wagons and snoozing before the fight. In fact, one dirty blonde head—literally dirty—popped up. A glowing ivory circle was the only notable thing about the half-Elf—that and her hand of bone.
Oh, and the fact that she was currently trying to swallow about a pound of iskender kebap and trying not to choke to death as she chewed.
“Dish Revne shay shomething about undead?”
She turned to one of her passengers, who covered her face. Omusc, the Mollusc Drowned Woman [Pillager], spat back.
“Stop talking and swallow!”
