8.78 F
Page 18
“It was part of what His Majesty offered me. Not you, Frieke?”
She looked around.
“…No. No, I didn’t think that was too necessary. Half of them would be stealing everything in sight—I have a few I’ll ask about. Have you, uh—gotten any requests from His Majesty yet?”
“None.”
Alked had been exercising, and he’d gone hunting past Khelt’s borders just to stay in shape. Frieke looked like she’d put on weight, and she patted her stomach.
“This is too amazing. I have a magical bathtub that fills itself, and I’ve been eating without paying at every restaurant in…truly, a bounty. I honestly don’t know if I’m even a Named Adventurer anymore. Of course, I’ll fight in defense of Khelt! Just—”
Alked’s mother looked anxiously at Frieke. She hadn’t even gone out on the town until Alked took her.
“You truly think this is safe, Adventurer Frieke?”
That was it. Alked rounded on her in exasperation.
“Mother, please! I’ve told you again and again. This is better than Nerrhavia’s Fallen by far. Better than Medain—any nation in the world! This is a paradise nation. One of less than ten! No one will ever harm you. No one will knock you down for being Hemp—it is against the law to discriminate, and Fetohep of Khelt himself has issued our family citizenship for our children and children’s children. I know you’re expecting some Silk official to do something, my status as Named Adventurer or not, but we did it. I did it for us. We’re finally s…”
Alked trailed off. He turned his head at the same time as the embarrassed Frieke, who’d been looking around during this family argument.
Both Named Adventurers picked up on the commotion faster than the others. There was a cadence to some shouts and exclamations that you could pick up on as potential trouble. Alked heard it now. Gasps, screams—but the figure that came sprinting down the road was so fast that the sound only followed in his wake.
Fetohep of Khelt, 19th Ruler of Khelt, went running past the outdoor café that the Fellbow family were sitting at. Frieke of Khelt and every citizen stopped, turned their heads, and saw a blur blast past them.
So fast he left a wind current in his wake. Most barely knew what they saw—if you blinked you missed him.
As a [Ranger of the Great Desert], Alked got the best glimpse besides anyone but perhaps Frieke’s hawk. He saw Fetohep, wearing his regal robes, crown shining on his head, dead, mummified flesh—running down the street.
Something Alked noted in that shocked moment was how good Fetohep’s form was. He ran like the warrior he’d been, back straight, arms and legs pumping. Not lazily or in some pretentious way, with his arms spread behind him in a ‘v’ shape like some [Assassins].
He just booked it. At the speed of one of the greatest warriors of his era. Maybe with magic too.
Everyone was silent as the ruler of Khelt passed by. Frieke looked at Alked, and he nodded.
Yep. I just saw that too.
After a second, someone galloped after Fetohep. One of the few officers, shouting.
“Your Majesty! Your M—”
Alked rose from his table. His mother turned from the already-distant ruler to Alked.
“My son. Was that the ruler of Khelt who just ran past us now? Does he…do that for his health?”
Her voice was hopeful. For a second, Alked entertained the notion that this was some civic health program led by the ruler of Khelt. Then he swore, vaulted the table, and took off after Fetohep.
“Go back to your mansion! Frieke!”
“I’m coming! I’m—”
 
——
 
