8.78 F
Page 13
“I did not need to be taught by a mortal. I am the Grandmaster of Scales, one of three in Izril. The foremost among my species! In life, that is.”
Velzimri closed his mouth, and Erin blinked several times.
“G-grandmaster of…? Wait, what’s your ranking in death?”
The Void Dragon turned his head. He refused to answer until Erin poked his side a few times.
“…Number four thousand twenty-three from the best. There are more dead than living can dream of. Some are truly great minds and souls. Even to me. Sound the horn, Erin Solstice. If this is the end of all, it deserves no less.”
He looked down at her, and Erin smiled. She reached out, trying to remember what it was she needed.
Ghosts gathered around her, despairing, resolved, the [Witches] still talking of one last design. Some were already fleeing, like Roshal, while others clung to Khelt, hoping their own plans would succeed.
Erin’s friends stood around her: Elucina, Velzi, Cawe, Gerial, Abel, even Drevish, grumbling as he looked at the Kheltian architecture he would never get a chance to work on. And there…Erin saw a group of eighteen figures standing in a line. On each side of a King, their descendant, the one who would remain as he stared at the same throne that each had rested upon.
Except Khelta, of course. She hadn’t commissioned a throne in her lifetime. They arranged themselves youngest to oldest.
So Xierca was the first and Khelta the last. They were smiling, with pride and the dignity of their ages. Humans, Stitch-folk, Serept the half-Giant, a Garuda…united by their duty.
“Come, Fetohep of Khelt. Hear our last words. Each of us must entrust you with our will and blessing.”
Erin Solstice turned and saw Fetohep standing there. She had not known the Revenant long…or had she? She had spent so long in Khelt, now, that she had grown used to Fetohep’s mercurial ways.
She had witnessed him flustered, embarrassed, annoyed…but never so afraid. Not so lost and stricken as now. He faced his forebearers.
“Can I offer you no weapons? Can nothing be done?”
Serept’s huge head bowed as he towered above all.
“Not in the lands of the dead, Fetohep. Make ready for a storm. Warn the living. Return Erin to her body. I have a great favor to ask of you for my people…but keep Khelt’s people safe. That has always been our task. Now, keep them alive as long as you can. Even forever. Let the strength of Khelt be in life, not death.”
Khelta closed her eyes briefly. The greatest [Necromancer] of Khelt took a tired breath.
“Did I choose wisely or poorly? I feel helpless. I, who thought I mastered death itself.”
Queen Heris the Second turned to her predecessor and reached out to touch her arm.
“You have carried us to this day where other nations were consumed. Even now, it was our will that protected the many ghosts of Chandrar.”
Khelta smiled at her. Then, both turned back to Fetohep.
“Come, Fetohep of Khelt. For a last time, listen. You have borne our interference and nagging quite well. It was not meant that more than one head should bear the weight of our duty. We will cease bothering you very shortly. Just one more selfish request from all.”
King His-Xe threw back his head and laughed, but he nodded.
“Keep my greatest friend, my beloved champion, Salui, safe. But I forget myself. Come, son of Khelt.”
He extended a hand grandly, and Xierca simply offered her hand as if they were walking along one of Khelt’s garden paths. Erin saw Fetohep, standing there. Shaking.
He was watching his kingdom vanish. The ghosts of Khelt, citizens, his mentors and guides and inspiration…
