8.78 F
Page 6
“Great Khelta. Wait. Explain.”
“There is no time! We must move! There is not time to waste!”
It was so funny, coming from her. Fetohep tried to speak—a month of waiting for them! He had been waiting for—but he kept his voice steady. Something truly terrible must be happening, but he needed clarity.
“Time. I thought you had already—Khelta. Where have you been?”
At last, the tone of Fetohep’s voice made the ghosts pause. Serept, Xierca, Khelta looked around. The rulers of Khelt turned to Fetohep suddenly as Erin Solstice reappeared. She floated over to a window.
How ironic that she got it, among all the great souls present. But then—she was still alive. She noticed what they did not. Fetohep saw her glance out the window, then at him with great uncertainty.
“That building wasn’t there before.”
Khelta looked about. Fetohep saw her gaze shift to sudden unease, then she flitted to a window. Fetohep rose. They must be referring to the ritual site. Trials were still ongoing, but it had been completed…he just hadn’t known what to do next. Khelta stared out of the window, then back at him.
“Fetohep? How long…we went to the coast to see…how long has it been?”
Fetohep of Khelt looked around at the ghosts. He knew time passed differently for them, but…he answered slowly.
“It has been one month since I last communicated with you.”
As one, the ghosts of Khelt’s rulers and Erin Solstice turned to stare at each other. If possible—their looks of horror deepened. As one, they whirled and looked to face…something.
Eastwards? Fetohep had forgotten the chill of unease, the scrawl of fear. His dead skin did not react in such a way, but the phantom-memory of that sensation still hovered in his mind. Khelta turned to Erin and exhaled.
“Then it is beyond time. Erin Solstice.”
She reached out and took the [Innkeeper]’s hands.
“Let us go.”
Khelta turned then, holding Erin’s hands. To tell Fetohep what had happened, to explain what was coming and make Khelt ready—and tell him it was beyond time to return Erin Solstice to her body. One last hope for the dead to make a difference among the living, some small good.
“We must make a stand on Chandrar’s borders. We can block them—but we will need to use the single sword and umbrella if light can hurt these foes. The rest? Flee to Baleros or Terandria.”
“What good is flight?”
His-Xe raised a finger.
“Perhaps only to spite those six or choose how to fall. Khelta is right—we must buy time. Time for Erin Solstice to be returned. That is a small victory.”
“Great Rulers. I must tell you something.”
Fetohep tried to interrupt, but now Khelta was shushing the others.
“Silence! The rest of you, save Xierca and Heris, go restore order! I must tell Fetohep—Fetohep, we have just witnessed a portent of the end. Recall what I told you of the six? One of them has summoned an army of Seamwalkers. Into the lands of the dead. I did not think it was possible, but somehow—they are here. And they are no ghosts. I fear they might appear in our world as some specters do. So you must return Erin to her body.”
“Great Khelta. There is something you do not know. You must listen.”
“Not now, Fetohep. Listen—this is not a mere force. A’ctelios Salash is kin in height to some of them—and they are accompanied by the spawn of legions.”
The ghosts spoke over him in a babble. His-Xe was trying to define one in Fetohepp’s other ear unhelpfully.
