8.78 F
Page 44
“You have five minutes. My patience of six centuries is not unlimited. I have no time to waste on you.”
He turned as the [Knights] slowly abandoned their positions. They began mounting up, trading their swords, maces, and axes for lances. They had intended to defy Khelt while they tried to dig out the ships.
Khelt could erase them without losing a single zombie. Then—there was only the charge. 
Half the [Knights] were split. They really didn’t want to die. Some, like the Order of Seasons, didn’t even have the confidence that this was where their blades were best used. Each kingdom was calling them home, but they could not surrender to Khelt and let them steal a fleet.
Surely. Surely…there was some hope?
 
——
 
Erin Solstice caught up with Fetohep at last. He had outrun the ghosts of Chandrar. Yet she saw him still, riding a horse. She saw no armies, nor great magic streaking through the air, but she had heard his orders.
So had the Rulers of Khelt, and the ghosts of Chandrar followed their path north. Listening to the one champion of the dead.
“I died in Khelt. I remember that I left my body to your people. Ask Fetohep how it looks.”
One of the Giants confessed to Serept, who stared up at his cousin. The half-Giant was rewarded with a huge laugh from above and a smile like fire.
The Ash Giantess had no weapon, but she still made fists.
“For a single club or blade! Come, kin! We shall wade among the small one last time. Never has there been a more worthy foe.”
She pointed at the largest Seamwalkers, who gazed upon the only things large enough to challenge them.
Fearlessly. Six Giants came to stand with her. Yet the Void Dragon, Xarkouth, flapped around them. He was the size of the largest airplanes on Earth—yet he seemed like a winged cat shouting at the Giants.
“Not yet! Hold, I said! Hold for your kin! More stand to on Baleros and Terandria!”
He looked down at Erin Solstice, and the [Innkeeper] gazed up at him. Then at Fetohep. The King of Khelt turned his head and nodded to her. Then he turned to address someone.
“Salui. His-Xe is watching.”
The 9th King of Khelt gasped and stepped forwards, but he could not see his dear friend. Only relay his words across the gap.
The world felt thin. As if reality were a balloon, not the immutable stuff of the cosmos. A balloon, being stretched thinner by the presence of Norechl’s kin, a weight upon it. Until it…snapped?
Erin Solstice didn’t know. She still saw them advancing. Across that dark sea, she knew, the six were coming. She saw the first walking through the distance, the only being with true power here. The one who had kept Erin in a false prison of Earth.
Young, middling, old. Decrepit, dignified in age, or almost untouched. Youthful, sickly, naive, overwearied too early. Still radiant, fading, deepening with beauty.
An everchanging woman. Three-in-one. One-in-three.
Kasigna, God of Death.
Then came that man who danced across the world, laughing, smiling. The Dancing Man, God of Love. He could have held a cup, joined any party or gathering in the world and shaped it around him. His smile seemed to be the smile of every friend you had ever known and would ever make.
Almost—almost, Erin felt a kinship with him, but he looked at the world like a lover waiting for his embrace. And his smile was rotten. His soul carrion. A hungry leech stripped of his finery and flesh.
