8.78 F
Page 14
“No, no. No…not now. Such petty wars. I have not delivered Erin Solstice to her body. I have…failed to protect even a single one of her beloved ones. Even a child.”
“Mrsha?”
Erin turned, and Fetohep’s head rotated towards her. She didn’t know about what was occurring on Izril.
King Izimire the 17th bowed his head.
“You have guarded Khelt’s borders, Fetohep. Sometimes we fail by standing too zealously apart. I gave my people everything, but ignored the rest of the world. However, even we cannot salve every wound. Khelt is a selfish kingdom.”
“It was not always. Some of us made war.”
Thekheldan’s head was bent low, and Khelta and Heris looked at him with calm understanding. The 3rd King of Khelt looked at Fetohep.
“Simply endure. And choose your successor to be better than you.”
He turned to the next man, Tkayl, who bowed to him like Fetohep to Xierca. Regrets and stories. Erin Solstice saw Fetohep gazing at each one. Eighteen periods of Khelt ascendant or struggling. Soon to be lost.
“No. No, no, no…”
He stumbled backwards. Half-turned, nearly trod on the hem of his robes. Then he looked at Erin Solstice. The [Innkeeper] saw only golden flames, an emaciated mummy’s face. She wondered, if he were here, what his true face would look like.
Six hundred years of service to Khelt. Centuries without friends or any purpose but his people. She knew how he felt.
It was all crashing down. Erin reached for him, but Fetohep just looked at her. And those dying flames of despair grew a tad bit brighter.
“It cannot be. It will not be. No.”
“Fetohep. I am sorry to leave you with such a burden. Come.”
Xierca spread her arms, like a mother’s embrace, but Fetohep turned away from her.
“No. This is not happening. This is not…going to occur. Erin Solstice? Walk with me.”
“Huh?”
He turned and began striding away from the rulers of Khelt. They exchanged quick glances, then floated away from the dais after him.
“Fetohep. What are you doing?”
But the Revenant was just walking away, almost stumbling, still. Erin floated after him.
“Uh—Fetohep? Buddy, you’re going the wrong way. I think this is sort of important.”
“No. Thieves. Thieves and wretched fools. I will not have it. No, no—”
He was truly stuck on that word. Erin saw the rulers of Khelt float a bit faster, and now they began whispering.
King Dolenm turned to the others.
“He’s in denial. This…this does not bode well for the future. You said he was unshakable, Xierca.”
“I did…Fetohep!”
King Razzimir stopped Xierca’s anguished call. The 15th King of Khelt, who had ruled during the Creler Wars, looked knowing.
“Panic attacks. My living advisors had them. Fetohep? Breathe. Or rather, imagine yourself breathing. Stop—collect yourself. I didn’t know undead could have panic attacks.”
Khelta floated along, miffed.
“I didn’t design mine to do that, even Revenants. Are you certain you did the rituals correctly? Fetohep! Attend us!”
But the Revenant strode onwards. He was heading towards the balcony. For a breath of fresh air into dead lungs? Now, the rulers of Khelt surrounded him.
“Fetohep, all will be well—we must tell you about the undead.”
“Vizir Hecrelunn is difficult, but he means well. Fetohep, stop—you must hear us.”
“I command you to stop by the will of the 7th ruler of Khelt! Fetohep, remember your duties!”
They were losing patience with him fast. Gracious rulers or not…Erin saw Fetohep’s shoulders hunching. Serept even went to block Fetohep’s path.
The Revenant walked through him. It was the first time he’d done such a thing and such an affront that Khelta lost her patience.
