8.78 F
Page 7
“It…squiggled. Do you understand? A squiggling horror, that was the motion of so many disparate tendrils. The loathsome appendages had neither true color; I beheld the viscous blood pumping from no less than three dozen hearts. It seemed to me that each one was one and many, a conjoined dark purpose—”
“—The one that has no face or true personality leads them. Understand—they are kin to it, and it is a dead…thing. Three letters. You cannot comprehend it as we have understood, but they are clearly kin in nature. But this one is not like the other five. Three letters—”
The Revenant’s head was spinning trying to hear all the voices. Seamwalkers? An army of…was it connected to A’ctelios Salash stirring? However—before that. Fetohep looked his great predecessor in the eyes. She had to know something.
“Khelta, that is not the only great issue—”
Even Xierca was speaking over him, though.
“Dear Fetohep, I know there must be issues among the living. Yet this is the end. I wished to give you my final blessing. I fear those things devour souls like the six. So please, carry my last will unto—”
“—from every angle, Fetohep. There will be no stand in Baleros or Terandria. The relics of nations and Dragons are not enough in number to kill more than a fraction. They will turn to you next. Marshal my Little Brother-King! Hecrelunn will—must serve you in this dark hour, and even his power must be—”
Fetohep’s lungs had mostly rotted away, but even so, reflexively, he inhaled before he shouted.
“Rulers of Khelt! SILENCE. Hear me now! Silence, I said!”
The babble of voices and orders broke off suddenly. Eighteen ghosts floated there, blinking, as Fetohep roared at them. They fell silent, and Fetohep turned his head.
“Erin Solstice is here?”
“I’m here. Didn’t you see me, Fetohep? Hi.”
A ghost stepped into his view, around His-Xe, and waved a few times. An [Innkeeper]. Fetohep raised the slip of paper.
“Then disaster strikes twice.”
One of the Rulers of Khelt frowned.
“How do you mean, Fetohep?”
“What, Fetohep?”
At last, the ghostly woman seemed uncertain. She floated forwards and noticed he was holding something, though she could not see the parchment. Fetohep simply lifted it and spoke as he bowed his head.
“A day ago I received this missive. The Goblin, Rags, attempted to revive Erin Solstice.”
The ghosts went silent. Erin Solstice raised her head in sudden alarm.
“What? But we were not ready! We had no warning, Fetohep—”
Queen Heris exclaimed, but Khelta broke in.
“Do not blame Fetohep. We were transfixed watching their rise. A month? A month gone? I gave him orders to attempt it if we were to vanish. What does it say? When did this ritual occur?”
Like a man slowly descending a ladder into drowning waters, Fetohep went on. The sense of doom grew the longer he spoke. Because he was sure…he gazed at Erin.
“The Goblin set out four days ago. The ritual—yesterday. The message I received comes from Selys Shivertail of Liscor.”
Erin jerked.
“Selys? What did she write? What…what happened?”
Now all the rulers gathered around Fetohep. Faces ranging from shock to confusion. Fetohep just wished he had eyelids to close.
Four days ago…oh, what had he done? Failed to prevent? Fetohep read the paper again. It was a simple transcription. A [Message] spell from Selys Shivertail to Fetohep and an entire list of friends and people with one cause. Fetohep had read it on his [Message] scroll, then ordered it transcribed in hopes he had gotten it wrong.
