8.78 F
Page 17
His sister’s husband muttered uneasily. Alked’s sister sipped from an expensive tea into which someone had added…a kind of dumpling? Apparently it had come from Fetohep’s chefs themselves. One…Teresa had requested it.
Teresa Atwood? Alked thought he remembered her as a guest. Or was it a Trey? He sighed and rubbed at his forehead.
“They’re safe, Meriede. We all are.”
“But what if you fail one of His Majesty’s requests? We should find work. What do they pay for decent weaving?”
The Named Adventurer looked up.
“Mother…they don’t need basic textiles. I keep telling you—they can get silk clothing practically for free! You should find a hobby—they value art, passion projects.”
“Silk? Truly? They let anyone buy it, not just the Silk-folk? Could we get some? Is that permissible? How much would some of that cost?”
Alked wished Fetohep did have a monster to slay. Instantly, his family was diverted. Only his younger brother seemed to understand just how lucky they were. The rest had grown up in Nerrhavia’s Fallen, but his youngest brother was still fifteen.
“Alked. Do you think I could practice magic? Or…or just go exploring Khelt by myself?”
He was a city-born kid who had not known the bad days of living in the poorest districts, but he was still Hemp.
“…Why not, Ereid? Go ahead. Pack some provisions. You can find how much a wand ‘costs’ later; I think they’d probably trade you for a good weapon. That’s all the rage, so a practice wand might not be as sought after if it’s just [Light]. Spellbooks are hard, but I can buy one. If you want to go—I hear there are any number of interesting sights in Khelt. Just be mindful of others’ property.”
The young man beamed, but his mother threw a fit.
“Absolutely not! He’ll fall prey to monsters!”
Alked clutched at his head.
“There are none, Mother. If he finds one, he just has to shout and a skeleton will literally rise up to protect him. Do whatever you want! We have found a paradise, and you keep expecting it to be snatched away! Run naked in the streets if you want!”
“Really?”
His sister looked interested, and her husband frowned at her. Alked hesitated.
“…No. Not these streets. That is against the law, but there is a town where that’s accepted.”
“We should move there.”
“Dear.”
Every desire, inclination, and habit was catered to in Khelt—within reason. Alked himself had taken one look at the mansion he’d been assigned and given it to his mother and relatives.
That had been a mistake. His mother expected this all to vanish, and fair—she had lived in Nerrhavia’s Fallen, where entire districts had been evicted of their people so new landowners could build what they wanted there.
But not Khelt.
“It’s safe, Mother. I was given citizenship for being a Named Adventurer. The same as Frieke of Medain—Frieke of Khelt and the Herdmistress Geraeri. In fact…there she is. Frieke!”
Someone jumped, and a magical falcon nearly took off as a Dullahan woman, looking just as amazed as Alked, turned.
“Oh. Fellbow.”
She hurried away from browsing a stall of hand-cut gemstones that the owner had left unattended with some relief. She had much the same look as his family, but the Named Adventurers were clearly glad to see each other.
“Alked, is this your family? I’m honored to meet you. Frieke of M—Khelt.”
The rest of Alked’s family were in awe at the famed [Falconer]. With Alked right next to them, they rose and instantly began fawning over her. Alked wished he had some of that. Not that he wanted to lose his connection with his family, but just a smidgen.
“You brought your entire family to Khelt, Alked?”
He nodded.
