8.78 F
Page 34
His hair was charcoal black, and only the very roots showed a lighter color, almost pure white. He could not hide his eyes. They had three dots of bright brown among faintly pink irises, and they glittered, shot a hundred thousand times with radiating lines from his pupils.
The sword rose slightly, and it seemed as though if he swung it, nothing could have stopped that blade. That was the measure the undead ruler took of him in one moment, and he halted and reached out for a blade of his own.
Fetohep had no weapon, but he readied his halberd from the armory. He could have defeated most foes with his hands…but not this one.
“I do not intend to despoil your lands. Let me pass.”
“I can’t. You are Fetohep of Khelt, aren’t you?”
So they truly didn’t know each other. The undead ruler nodded shortly.
“Yes. And? Has Khelt done great harm to your people? Your relatives? Your homeland?”
Perhaps he was of Medain or the Claiven Earth. But…the man shook his head.
“No, no, and no. I just know Khelt. I heard that bell toll. Something terrible is happening, isn’t it?”
Fetohep saw someone hurrying out from the farm. A young boy, who was holding the reins of…a horse. The man walked to the saddle and swung himself onto it.
“Something is happening. But you cannot fight it with a sword.”
Fetohep told the stranger. The man just reached down and clasped his son’s hand. Then he looked at Fetohep.
“Then why are you riding north so fast?”
“Because I have a single soul to liberate, a war to end. Promises to uphold. Because I must.”
The man nodded.
“Then let me ride with you.”
The ruler of Khelt hesitated only a second—then he nodded at his escort who were charging, blades drawn. He held up a hand.
“Who are you, stranger? Give me your name if we will ride together.”
The man had a crooked grin on his face. He looked at his family and then at Fetohep.
“They called me a [Hero]. Once. Do you remember the days when the King of Destruction fought against one?”
Fetohep’s gaze flickered.
“The Hero of Zethe? Well met. Ride with me.”
They took off without a word.
 
——
 
He was the first. Another town opened its gates, and two hundred [Riders] spilled out of it. Fetohep slowed, and they raised their blades.
“Let us fight with Khelt! To Khelt! Where is the foe?”
“Everywhere! Return to your city! This is not your war. I can promise only death where I ride. Make ready your walls and wait. The foe will be everywhere or nowhere.”
They conferred, and then fourteen rode towards Fetohep.
“Let us go with you, King of Khelt!”
Fetohep did not object. He rode with the living and the dead now. Faster. Onwards.
Five hours. Now…now they all knew. The messages that streaked through the sky woke every ruler, from the King of Destruction to the Blighted King to the Walled Cities.
At first, they thought it would be on the news. If it could overshadow a Gnollish civil war, Ailendamus, and all the rest…then they heard the reports.
“The King of Khelt has rung the Dragonward Bell. He is…sending a [Message].”
“To who?”
The erudite ones asked a different question.
“To whom?”
The answer was—everyone. Every Mage’s Guild listed. To Wistram, to every nation under the sun. In fact, it was individual [Message] spells, blanket spells—it was so chaotic at first that it was hard to communicate back—only receive a simple message. It read:
 
I am Fetohep of Khelt. By Eternal Khelt, I give warning—doom is coming from beyond The Last Tide. It already walks among us! Prepare for rifts and Seamwalkers. I call upon every nation to halt your fruitless, pointless wars, from Terandria to Izril.
