8.78 F
Page 4
Some bandages too, wrapping his fragile, six hundred year-old flesh to preserve it. A single crown sat upon his head, but no jewelry or other marks of frivolous, overcompensating royalty. The golden flames of his eye-sockets, his simple presence was authority without question in Khelt.
He sat and watched the news. It was reflected in the crystal hovering in front of him, each facet showing a different news station, and multiple other scrying orbs, which also gave him access to more points of view. He had a [Message] scroll filled with desperate communiques and a quill ready to scribe any dictation, but Fetohep of Khelt was silent.
Khelt was a nation that had lain quiet for millenia. It was, like the Shield Kingdoms, prepared to wait. A paradise that was a paradise because it zealously guarded its borders and took little role in the world.
That had changed of late, but—Fetohep toyed with something as he watched.
A single slip of parchment. A short missive that he had received four days ago. The Revenant King watched disaster as he held more of it in his hands. He did nothing. Because it was his duty to stay here.
Because…he had done all he was able from this far-off throne. He was waiting to see what happened next.
One month. One month of silence from the Deadlands. Fetohep of Khelt was not a ruler prone to nervousness.
But one month was far too long. He had been told to expect the worst if he were ever faced with silence.
So he did all he could. He assumed the last plans Khelta herself had made were in action. Fetohep had made…choices. Choices for the worse, it seemed.
Disaster. Liscor. It revolved around Liscor. A single thread connected many world events, though Fetohep could only see a part of them. He held a missive from Liscor, from Selys Shivertail, and waited for her to tell him what had happened and suspected the worst.
What Fetohep watched was…the news. And the Drake, Drassi, also came from Liscor. In fact, she had worked at the very inn that was the locus of events. Her voice—was very pained.
She would have made a fine citizen of Khelt. Not that she had earned it from reporting or her class. Not because Fetohep valued her class and levels, which were not yet that high. No…simply because she was honest. Because she had what so many did not always have.
Morality.
“…if, if you’re just tuning in, I’m Drassi. We are watching—the beginnings of a civil war, I think. Drake armies on the march still. This is all going wrong. That—see that little girl?”
Fetohep saw. He knew her name and face before Drassi spoke and echoed the word.
“Mrsha.”
“Mrsha. She’s an innocent girl. I know her. I don’t care what they’re saying. Listen—someone help her. Anyone. Gold-rank adventurers, mercenaries—I earn 2,300 gold pieces per year. I’ll take out a debt if I have to. Someone—please.”
She was so distraught, her cohosts, Sir Relz and Noass, uniquely somber, broke in as Drassi gulped for air. It was Noass who opened his mouth.
“This is—shaping up to be a really, ah, terrible battle. I know we have Ailendamus’ army from their capital about to meet Tyrion Veltras and the Dawn Concordat on the field, but I think we can all agree this trumps that. It’s unclear which of the armies—including three—four—five Walled Cities—will be taking sides or simply, ah, f—fighting the Gnolls. We can only watch, and we’ll be here all day and night. Do you want to take a break, Drassi? Can I get a Potion of Calm here? Glass of water?”
He turned, and Sir Relz broke in.
