8.78 F
Page 12
Still, someone did object. Amidst all the ghosts, one spoke up against Elucina and Drevish’s plan, against the final stand and retreat.
Xarkouth, the Dragonlord of Stars, raised his head and spoke one word.
“No. We will not fight here. Nor will we simply let ourselves vanish to no end.”
Everyone turned to him. Erin blinked as the Void Dragon flapped his wings once. Nerrhavia drifted back over, outraged. She raised a hand as if to slap his huge head.
“Have you lost your nerve, Dragon? If you lack the mettle to face your end well, hide until the last like the rest of your scaly kind!”
Xarkouth glared at Nerrhavia and exhaled a plume of strange fire. He shook his head.
“No. Do not say the end is nigh. Not now. Not yet. The enemy has made its final move in this war—and so it is time for ours. Baleros stands, still. Those things come from every direction—from every land. The last bastions will not hold. That does not mean we have lost. It is time. Human.”
He turned to Erin, and she jumped.
“What? Me?”
The Void Dragon nodded and fixed her with one huge eye.
“When we first met, you showed me the umbrella—the memory of an umbrella that conjured sunlight from the real world. Gifts of the six turned against them. Are there not two more?”
Erin hesitated.
“Y-yeah. But one’s a noose that you hang yourself with and the other’s a horn that you blow to alert people. Not the most useful. Like a sword.”
The Dragonlord nodded.
“Just so. Yet now is the moment. Doubtless, they see the end—but every battle needs a fitting signal. Use the horn. Tell them Chandrar still holds fast and to sally forth!”
Erin looked up at Xarkouth. She had seen so many…amazing sights in the lands of the dead. Truly. Amazing, heroic, painful like Zel and Maviola, and just strange. Like the Putrid One. Like Yderigrisel.
So many beautiful things, but the heartbreak and loss and despair ground it all down into nothingness. Meaninglessness. It was one thing to resolve yourself to end it well. Almost impossible to see a way to believe anything could overturn that force.
Yet the Void Dragon’s deep gaze asked her to try. Erin hesitated. She reached out and tried to capture that…how had it gone? She tried to pull it out of nowhere, that horn. But it was hard. She couldn’t reach for it.
Blow the horn to sally forth? Why? She needed something that even Nerrhavia couldn’t give. Helplessly, Erin turned to Xarkouth.
“…But even if we fight together, is there really a chance? I need a chance. I need—hope.”
The Void Dragonlord looked at Erin as she ran a hand through her hair in frustration. She tried again, but it was like grasping for smoke. She looked at Xarkouth.
“I can’t do it. Not without a—an idea of what to call for. Tell me there’s even a…a one in a million chance and I’ll take it. I’m not afraid of that. I’m just tired of playing a game where the other side has cards under the table. And a crossbow. And the deck is stacked, and they’re doing some other card-stuff.”
“We all are.”
Queen Merindue of Nerrhavia’s Fallen murmured. The Sage of a Hundred Thousands Secrets, Velzimri, shook his head.
“It seems to me they…invented the rules. We are all chess pieces, standing upon the board of ages. We should have known an age ago.”
Xarkouth looked around.
“Some did. This game is not as badly weighted as you think, Sage.”
Erin looked from Dragon to [Sage]. She squinted.
“…I didn’t know I taught either of you to play chess.”
Both Velzimri and Xarkouth frowned at her. The Void Dragonlord huffed.
