8.78 F
Page 15
“Turn and gather your nerve, Fetohep of Khelt! Now!”
The other ghosts voiced their agreement, and at last, Fetohep did stop. He turned around swiftly and suddenly—shouted.
“Silence, you wretched cowards!”
Khelta, Xierca, Serept, His-Xe, and all the other rulers stopped in place. Erin’s mouth fell open in delight. Gerial looked from the rulers to the spot where Fetohep was. He could neither hear nor see Fetohep, but he could see the shocked expressions on the others’ faces.
“…What’s going on?”
Fetohep pointed a shaking finger at the eighteen ghosts. His golden flame eyes flared brighter now. Not with anxiety or panic attacks—a ludicrous thought in the undead. No—Erin saw it was anger. Passion.
“The end of Khelt? Last words and will? Do I hear despair from the rulers of Khelt when the last hour is upon us? Have you forgotten who you are? Who I am?”
“We have forgotten nothing, Fetohep. We see the odds arrayed against us. The end of the world is at hand!”
Queen Heris snapped back, startled. Fetohep stared at her. His ethereal voice trembled.
“The end of the world? I refuse. I refuse to allow it.”
Erin exchanged a glance with Serept, but Khelta’s eyes brightened. Queen Xierca gazed at her successor, mouth slightly open. Fetohep whirled. He stared out at the balcony.
The sun was just rising over his city. Early morning. Good. He looked back.
“The world ending? Not this day or any day I rule Khelt. I am Fetohep, 19th Ruler of Eternal Khelt! Eternal Khelt. I did not inherit this glorious throne and millenia of effort to watch it end today. Let the world try to end. When the sea rises, I will order it to turn back on itself. When the mountains crumble, I will build them anew in gold and jewels.”
“Ooh.”
Erin Solstice saw him whirl. He pointed at the eighteen rulers.
“Fight like you are the meanest warriors of Khelt and speak not of defeat to me. I will return Erin Solstice’s body no matter who has stolen it. Erin Solstice?”
He looked at her, and she jumped.
“Yes, Fetohep, sir?”
“Leave the living world to me. Go. Do not let yourself perish. Leave your friends and family to me. I will deal with this petty civil war between Gnolls and the idiocy of Drakes.”
He strode to the balcony. The stunned rulers of Khelt followed.
“Fetohep? Where are you going? You cannot hear us outside of Khelt’s borders. Fetohep—”
The King of Khelt looked back once.
“That was my false body, Queen Xierca. Come with me. I will never lose your voice. I am Khelt.”
Then he too ran. Erin Solstice saw the rulers of Khelt chasing after Fetohep as the Revenant King began to walk, then stride, then jog, then run.
In the mortal realm, his servants, coming to see what their ruler was shouting about, saw Fetohep of Khelt running. He dashed across the throne-room, into the balcony overlooking his city. Erin Solstice saw Fetohep look back at her. His golden eyes flashed—
Then he leapt off the balcony.
 
——
 
It was a quiet day in Khelt’s capital city. The name of it was, strictly, Koirezune. However, everyone simply referred to it as the capital.
Koirezune was actually a name that Khelta the First had given it—after a small city that she had grown up in, lost to time. A tribute to her first home, rebuilt in splendor and upgraded into a true wonder of the world by nineteen rulers and countless generations.
