8.78 F
Page 11
“Oh yes, I see it. I’m not stupid either, no matter what you may think. I see it…and this is what I’ve got. Everyone else ready?”
She looked around.
“I don’t think we can surrender. And if it’s the last moment, then I’m going to hit one of them once. Just once. Let’s go out fighting.”
That was how it had almost ended, many times. Nerrhavia exhaled.
“One last death to end them all. Shall we?”
Nerrhavia offered her arm to Gerial, who blinked at it uncertainly. Erin just linked arms, and they began to walk forwards. The ghost looked tired. But she was smiling.
 
——
 
Fetohep of Khelt saw Khelta glancing at Erin, but he was listening to her speak.
“You must return her to her body, Fetohep. You must.”
“She is…one soul, Khelta. Fetohep must prepare for tears in reality. If what the experts are saying is true, they could begin crossing over once we are gone.”
Serept rumbled, but Khelta stomped one foot.
“He must! The enemy must not have form. And—it is a point of honor. We have sworn to return her—and we shall. Do you hear me, Fetohep?”
She turned to him, and the ruler bowed.
“Great Khelta. It shall be done, upon Khelt’s will.”
“That is what I want to hear. Then…know that if we vanish a second time, it will be a truer farewell. We must speak before then. I do not believe there will be time for all but the briefest farewells.”
Khelta smiled sadly, and Fetohep saw it in her eyes. That valiant despair you saw in battle. He ducked his head silently again, and then spoke.
“Is there aught that can be done, Khelta? The ritual spell—”
Her gaze brightened and the other rulers stirred.
“Yes. How complete is it? That might be the only—the only help. But it will not save all of us. And—it may fail. But there is some hope there. As for warriors—no. Khelt’s strength is ironically in life. The dead are just dead here, and we have no flesh or magic or Skills to fight.”
She clenched her fists helplessly. The stories of her had said she had raised armies with the literal snap of a finger. Had conjured such great magic that all species had respected her and gone to her to speak with their beloved dead. This Khelta was as helpless as a Sariant Lamb.
It was not right.
 
——
 
The rulers of Khelt were issuing last orders to their mortal servant, Fetohep. Xierca was composing a speech.
The rest of the ghosts were just…debating where to go. Where to flee before the end. Some were of the opinion that here was the place to fight. Others had just given up.
“If it is such an end—perhaps we should simply let ourselves dissolve rather than be food. One last act of spite against those who would consume us. I believe it can be done.”
That bitter refrain came from Elucina herself. She gripped at the phantom of a blade. Some ghosts looked shocked, but more and more nodded.
“Well spoken, Rebel of String. Better to go peacefully—rather than aid those craven dogs. Those willing to lift that sword of Kings or fight—but I tire of this. All of this. If the [Innkeeper] needs to return to her body, let some fight for it. But enough. Enough.”
Drevish, the Architect, sat bitterly on the ground. He looked around.
“I did not toil my lifetime to see that it was all meaningless. What a bitter reward for all our tears and dreams.”
More ghosts were nodding. Erin Solstice herself…how could she return to a body that was already alive? Would Fetohep have to kill her twice?
…Would she be put in a skeleton’s body? Toren 2.0? What would you even call that?
She was just tired. They all were. No fiery speeches remained, just resolve and exhaustion.
