8.78 F
Page 10
Erin recoiled as the Immortal Tyrant, the hated ruler of the greatest empire of her time, planted her feet in front of Erin. Nerrhavia wore a death’s mask, stained with blood. Captured in the perfect likeness of her face, dressed in the flowing robes cut from a cloth like blood, woven of heartstring and malice.
The clothing she had worn when they came for her in her inner sanctum. She looked like the Nerrhavia whose name they still spoke. Bitterly defiant to the last. She faced Erin Solstice and raised one delicately painted nail, coated with poisonous ink that released deadly fumes.
“…I have never heard such defeatist talk in my life. Let alone from you. Is it our end, Erin Solstice? Then let me tell you this, as someone who has never regretted anything but failing. Do not shake when the [Headman] comes! Poison him with a kiss and smile into the hereafter. If this is Chandrar’s final hour, let our foes forever remember our passing!”
She turned and stared at the Seamwalkers.
“What separates us from filth is not how we fall, but how we descend to meet our end. Raise your chin. Laugh in their faces and spit into damnation’s eyes.”
Erin Solstice looked at Nerrhavia. The Tyrant gazed back at her.
“You would have made a fine servant. With some work, you might have made a great [General] of my empire and had it last another thousand years. A shame you grew up in such a soft land as Izril.”
Every ghost from Izril and many from Chandrar were glaring at Nerrhavia…but her words had worked. Erin blinked at her—then smiled.
“Erin, I think she means…”
“No, it’s okay, Gerial. Nerrhavia’s right for once.”
“Hey.”
Erin Solstice took a deep breath.
“I just had a weak moment. I’m sorry. Sometimes you have them. But Nerrhavia’s…right.”
She looked across at the haughty woman many had called the worst monster of her age. Erin Solstice saw a daring smile. The [Innkeeper]’s own smile appeared again.
“I don’t know if I would want to be a [General]. But you, Nerrhavia? You would have made for a good [Innkeeper]. Except for the poisoning people thing.”
“How dare you.”
Yet Erin felt it now. At the end of the world…she needed a weapon. So, she reached out and grabbed for what was most familiar. The heavy weight, the wrapped handle…sometimes you cooked with it, but it was a multi-purpose tool.
Erin pulled something out of a memory. The last living soul in the land of the dead conjured something, and the ghosts turned to see what it was.
It was…
A frying pan. Erin waved it around a bit—then decided to add the memory of an acid jar since she had a hand free.
“Sounds good.”
“Uh. Are you intending to fight the foes from beyond the end of the worst, the things that walk the world’s seam, the spawn that even those six fear and come by the endless numbers—with that?”
Nerrhavia poked a finger at the frying pan. Erin hesitated.
“Well, I dunno what you’ve got, but I know how to throw a frying pan. And this is acid. From acid flies. It melts people.”
She waved the jar, and the Tyrant blinked at it.
“Wonderful.”
However, she saw the [Innkeeper] swinging the pan a few times. When Erin Solstice looked up, she saw the ghosts of Chandrar watching her.
“…What? I can make a few more if you want. Even a sword, I guess.”
“Do you not see the end of all coming our way?”
One of the ghosts demanded. Erin peered into the distance. Walls of Khelt’s palace, landmarks—it all faded away. She could see that line of abominations moving. Erin nodded and spoke quietly.
