8.78 F
Page 67
Pisces looked down at her, but then he gazed around. He hesitated and then collapsed.
“Erin?”
Away they flew from the battlefield. Leaving friends, enemies, all behind in a sudden flight. Up, up—Ceria turned green and began throwing up until they leveled out. Ksmvr’s mandibles opened wide with delight as they flew up towards the clouds—then a stricken look crossed his face.
“Wait. My sword! My sword! I have left it behind! And Spitty. Wait, we can leave him. Maybe. But not Yinah! Or Domehead!”
He turned, but they were already far, far away. Pisces sat, pale-faced. Yet he had a hand to something—a scar around his neck—and he kept hesitating.
“Ivery! Eloque and Bearig, Rophir, Merr, Qshom…”
Yvlon looked down.
“Prince Zenol.”
Ceria wiped at her mouth. She looked around.
“Uh…Omusc, I guess. I’m pretty good.”
They wavered there. They were leaving so much behind—and heading a continent away. They could turn back. Try, at least. The Revenants and the strange one, Coutei, watched them, and the Horns looked at each other.
Then, as night fell…they heard it. Each adventurer suddenly looked up, and the Revenants themselves turned their heads. Coutei’s voice boomed.
“Wait. Do you hear that?”
“I hear it.”
A horn began to echo across the sky. Ceria’s head turned, and her ears perked up. Yvlon felt at her own ears, and Pisces raised his head and gazed northwards. Ksmvr murmured.
“This is…not possible. But I believe—”
“Erin?”
Ceria breathed. Her eyes stung, and the Horns of Hammerad looked at each other. Then, as one, they stopped. They sat on the carpets as they flew northwards.
“The end of Emrist’s Scourgeriders. The end of Khelt, perhaps. My friends—I will leave you after this.”
Coutei the Djinni looked up, and he did weep. For the horn. For reawakening.
For the end of things.
 
——
 
That was how the Horns of Hammerad caught up with Sand at Sea. They landed as Herdmistress Geraeri pointed them out, and Alked Fellbow and Frieke of Khelt…just accepted this as another layer of the mystery.
“Who are they?”
A [Knight] standing aboard the ship as it left the sand and headed into waters looked suspiciously at the adventurers. Another nearly drew their blade when they saw Ksmvr. Pisces walked onto the deck, and Jecaina and her father turned when they saw the rapier and the walk.
“Gold-rank adventurers. I thought they were on Izril.”
Alked murmured. He saw a half-Elf totter to a railing and immediately begin throwing up again. It turned out Ceria got carpet-sick. Especially when a Revenant demonstrated how to do a loop-de-loop on a carpet with no seatbelts. Or anything to hold onto but the carpet.
“Where…what is this ship? It’s almost as grand as the Reinhart’s capital ship, the Velistrane. ”
Yvlon looked around in awe as Pisces sat down hard on the decking, staring at all the powerful undead. He gazed up at a floating [Vizir] and flinched as Hecrelunn snorted.
“More chaff.”
“You mean the Velistrane? Is that damn ship still kicking?”
The [Captain] of Sand at Sea scowled at Yvlon, and she stared at the Revenant. Ceria, wiping her mouth, looked at someone who had been splattered a bit by her puke and was glaring at her. She eyed a man covered in bandages.
“Who’s bandages over there? What is going on?”
“Mfh fa rng f dthtion.”
The bandaged figure informed her. Ceria looked blankly at him and then at Orthenon as the [Steward] offered him a handkerchief.
It was King Fetohep himself who met the Horns of Hammerad. Each of them gazed at him in surprise. They had never met him, but Pisces bowed to him unexpectedly.
“Your Majesty of Khelt?”
