8.78 F
Page 62
Savere charged Nerrhavia from the rear and side as the Siren’s palanquin stood there. Only the ones close to it noticed something was…off. They did a double-take and stopped as they realized something.
There was a lot of water holding Revine up, better than any mortal servants. It was the weapon she could draw from for ammunition, a shield, drown her foes…water was adaptable. Perfectly suited to almost any climate and temperature if you brought enough.
It was just…water. The same amount.
But frozen. And indeed, the Siren was staring out of a frosted bubble of ice, almost invisible. Her look of surprise and shock was slowly, slowly turning to fury.
The half-Elf winked at Omusc as she touched the magical circlet that could cast different spells. She jumped off her horse as the giant [Ice Wall] she’d frozen Revine in exploded and the Siren began screaming.
But it was too late. Ceria went running past the surprised [Bandits], past Omusc and the others in one of the greatest double-crosses in Savere’s history. She leapt forwards—and a floor of ice spread across the battlefield.
“[Slippery Ice]—whoa—whoaaaaaa—”
She windmilled her arms and shot past the fighting soldiers, ducking the first lance of water. The [Cryomancer] skated into the battlefield.
The Nerrhavian [Charioteers] were reforming for another charge, and their deadly rampage ran straight across Ceria’s path. They targeted the half-Elf, rightly connecting her with the dangerous ice-rain. One chariot shot towards her, engulfed in magical flames—and hit the ice ramp she summoned.
It vaulted over the half-Elf, caught eight seconds of air-time, and crashed to the ground. Another chariot swerved as another wall of ice ran it in front of the others.
A third just slammed into an [Ice Wall]. A laughing half-Elf raced past the others as their wheels skidded on the ice. She was heading straight for a magical chariot being dragged along by two skeleton horses. And the three riders saw her.
 
——
 
“There she is! Turn left! Turn left!”
Pisces tried to steer left, and they ran over a row of [Bandits]. Or—almost did. The [Bandits] ran screaming, and the chariot did a U-turn.
“Is that Captain Ceria? What a happy coincid—arrow!”
Ksmvr deflected an arrow out of the air. Yvlon raised both her arms, and a giant shield appeared, the metal of both arms fusing together. Pisces and Ksmvr stared at it.
“How did you do that?”
“I learned how! I’m a [Gladiator]!”
“That thing tore your arms off!”
Pisces pointed at Yvlon’s other arm. She screamed back.
“It healed! Where have you been?”
“What? I’ve been a [Slave]—Ceria!”
The half-Elf slid up a ramp, into the air—and missed the chariot. They did another U-turn, and Ceria grabbed Ksmvr’s hand.
“You’re alive! What are you doing, you idiots?”
“Ceria?”
She was laughing as Yvlon hauled her into place. Pisces whirled the chariot.
“Where’s Eloque? Merr?”
“Who?”
Ksmvr pointed.
“There! Empress Nsiia! She has Yvlon’s sword!”
“My what? Ceria, what are you wearing?”
Both Pisces and Ksmvr turned to stare at the glowing circlet on Ceria’s head. Was that…? Ceria grinned.
“It’s a relic! Wait! Watch out for the—”
They hit one of her ice ramps and went flying. Yvlon and Pisces hung on, as did Ksmvr, but Ceria nearly went flying. But Ksmvr kicked off and tossed her back into the chariot.
He landed in a whirlwind of blades, surrounded by soldiers.
“Ksmvr!”
The Horns turned back to look at him, but the flash of silver was blinding. Ksmvr was holding off six, eight—
“[Impact Punch]!”
