8.78 F
Page 39
When Alked Fellbow found Herdmistress Geraeri, the Centauress was galloping around in a panic.
“W-why are the Jaws of Zeikhal rising? Who’s he angry at? The Claiven Earth? We haven’t done anything! I’m at His Majesty’s disposal!”
She looked exceptionally worried, as anyone who saw a Jaw of Zeikhal was. Alked didn’t know.
“He told me to link up with you and for you to take your best warriors and make ready to join him.”
“For war? He told me he wanted my help—but not for war!”
Alked didn’t know.
“He promised me the same thing, but this is larger than a simple war. We are to join His Majesty at greatest speed.”
Easier said than done. Geraeri was famous for her People of Zair being fast…but Fetohep had just used a [Greater Haste] spell. Geraeri wasn’t a fool, though.
“I’ll bring twenty-four of my finest. I think that will serve. The rest will—stay here. Where are we going?”
“To meet the fifth Revenant. Or rather—it should find us. We’re heading south.”
“South. Not north?”
Frieke frowned. She was riding with Alked, and the two fell into line as Herdmistress Geraeri whistled.
“On me!”
They moved fast with the Centaurs. Geraeri could not only feed her people, but move them without fear of wind-shear and give them a significant boost to how fast they moved.
And that was Centaurs, who were already as fast as horses. Okay, a tiny bit slower since they had a bit more mass. But faster with Skills! She was asking what Fellbow knew, and Alked was relaying all of what he’d heard and seen when they looked up.
The last Revenant from the reign of King Dolenm had taken the longest to ‘wake’. For obvious reasons. Alked’s mouth opened, and Herdmistress Geraeri stared up.
“That’s the fifth Revenant? How…? My Skills work on people. Not boats!”
The warship cutting over the dry ground was floating. And the [Captain] of the ship, slowing to lower the ramp, glared at Geraeri with two magical eyes.
“King Dolenm’s flagship sets sail! Sand At Sea is bound where next?”
The Named Adventurers and Centaurs boarded in awe.
King Dolenm of Khelt was the 7th King of Khelt. He had been an odd one and the ruler who had solved Khelt’s water-crises by creating the deep reservoirs and hoarding water-producing artifacts. He had acquired much of it by being a successful [Pirate].
Sand at Sea was a ship that had been enchanted to sail land and sea, and it hovered.
Hovered. The sails inflated as the warship took off, and the Centaurs trotted up and down the decks, promptly getting landsick. The crew and captain were all Revenants. Like his predecessors, the last ruler to entomb a protection for the future had sacrificed his most trusted weapon.
But it spoke to Dolenm’s nature that he’d buried an entire damn ship in a tomb. It was half-made of ancient, enchanted wood and had magical war-weapons built into the hull. But along with the wood were…
Bones. Alked Fellbow looked over the side and saw hundreds of grasping arms that would literally latch onto a foe during boarding and hold tight. And the prow was a giant skull of some sea-monster, the holes in the eye burning with undead light.
It cut across the land as the [Captain] laughed like a madman, passing by screaming mortals. But not immediately north.
Fetohep of Khelt had sworn to right all wrongs. By eleven hours of galloping, he was closing in on Medain, and the [Knights] had gathered for a last stand around their warships trying to escape. Hecrelunn had stopped their escape the easiest way he knew how; he’d sunk all the warships into the earth, grounding them, and the Humans were unable to dig them out.
