8.78 F
Page 55
Everyone had heard about what was happening this morning. Yvlon, Zenol, the [Gladiators], even many of the chariot drivers looked north. They were a bit too far away, but if you were further north, you could see—
“You don’t intend to heed the warning, General?”
Prince Zenol and Thelican exchanged wary glances; Yvlon didn’t know what Zenol’s ranking was, but she was fairly certain he had been elevated by Yisame to an uncertain position, and Thelican, a very important man, was wary of him. Thelican traced a curt bow.
“Your Highness, I have been given an order by Queen Yisame herself. Should I then listen to anyone, even a foreign ruler?”
“Of course not. However, the capital has given no further orders—”
Thelican interrupted impatiently, but even he had glanced north and then at the scrying orb showing what was happening.
“—And thus it is my war to lead. I am well aware of the risks, but I am told Her Majesty has ordered two more great armies begin mustering. Well and so; if need be, she will have three, and no enemies to fear on this front. Even if we must follow Khelt…”
Here Thelican’s bravado faded slightly. He looked at Yvlon, and she saw a trace of fear in his eyes, covered a second by bravado as he raised a hand and made a fist.
“…And face whatever comes next. I will do it without hyenas at my flanks. Since Illivere is not joining us, I have every intention of not letting this be a night battle. Signal the chariots to advance! I hope you will stay with me, Adventurer Yvlon? ‘Tis a glorious sight, to command from chariot-back.”
“I…”
Yvlon was spared from making a decision as someone rode up to Thelican.
“General! General! The army you sent to confront Savere is retreating towards our lines.”
“What?”
Thelican roared in outrage. He whirled on the [Strategist].
“Why? Has Savere attacked? If so, we will crush them after Pomle!”
Zenol and Yvlon looked up in alarm. Savere had been pursuing the Empress of Beasts as well, but Thelican had sent a mere thousand to head off Savere and warn them that Nsiia was going to Nerrhavia. He outnumbered Savere by far, and while insulting, the thousand warriors were representative of Nerrhavia.
Even the piratical, criminal Siren of Savere that Yvlon had heard about had to know this was an act of war. However, Thelican’s fury became confusion as the [Messenger] responded.
“No! No, General—they never reached Savere! The Siren is still advancing and it seems our forces ran into…undead. Undead and escaped slaves! It must be those bandits! The ones who have been raiding the trade routes for the last month!”
Yvlon’s head turned. She hadn’t heard of this—well, the raiders, yes, but undead?
“Uh…what?”
Thelican was pulling at his epaulets while Yvlon and Zenol exchanged a quick glance.
It couldn’t be…
 
——
 
“Ride! Ride!”
Merr the Storm screamed as a sandstorm kicked over the Nerrhavian [Soldiers]. She pointed at the disant oasis, and the freed [Slaves] rode. Behind them, zombies, ghouls, skeletons, and even more advanced undead like Bone Horrors were still fighting with the terrified Stitch-folk.
Of all the times to run into Nerrhavia’s Fallen! They were so close! Her [Bandits] were fighting alongside freed [Slaves], and Merr turned to see one of them raising a butcher’s cleaver. A little half-Elf boy was refusing to go with Qshom, the Dullahan, and throwing knives as a [Rebel] roared.
“Never chained! Not again! Fight for Pomle!”
Bearig lashed around with the cleaver as the [Cook] rode at some scattering [Soldiers]. One raised a spear to stab at Bearig as Eloque shouted.
“Bearig! Your left!”
