8.78 F
Page 40
A fleet. Eleven ships; seven from the crusade, four from Medain that Hecrelunn had stopped from fleeing. Sand at Sea was the largest by far, but Fetohep had an army he needed to take at sea.
…His million undead were not going to fit. Indeed, Hecrelunn had told him he’d only be able to transport so many directly from Khelt itself. So Fetohep had requested Jecrass’ forces with Jecaina, and he had told Sand at Sea to load up with as many undead as it could, pack the hold full if it had to.
How many did a modern warship hold? Ten thousand at most? He’d have…a hundred and ten thousand, plus Sand At Sea’s complements and sailors.
However, some warships might only hold as few as two thousand. Serept’s half-Giants would have to go one or two per vessel. Fetohep could call on every Jaw of Zeikhal he wanted and send them north…
But the Jaws of Zeikhal didn’t float. Even their bones were too heavy, and he could march his undead into the sea, millions of them, and watch about five wash back up on shore.
He had a plan. But part of that plan accepted that his army would not be able to cross the sea in its entirety. So part of the plan was to take Herdmistress Geraeri, the [Hero] of Zethe, and those who followed him on-board. Named Adventurers.
Oh—and one more stop for Sand at Sea before it headed north. The warship’s triumphant crossing from Khelt’s borders lit up the morning. Glowing sails and that screaming skull’s prow.
Real magic. It feared nothing and scattered Nerrhavia’s armies as they fell back. [Soldiers] ran, shrieking, and the warship didn’t stop.
It didn’t stop even when it saw the jagged, semi-broken crown of towers and walls. The capital of Reim, still stained in blood from its victorious siege, watched the warship coming. The towers juddered with lightning magic…but they didn’t fire. The defenders called on the Revenant Warship to halt—then began calling in alarm.
Too late. Sand at Sea flew at the walls of Reim…then flew over them. The same walls that had thrown back Nerrhavia’s glorious hordes fell under shadow for a brief moment, then the ship was flying towards the palace.
Alked Fellbow’s bow was sweaty in his grip as he saw soldiers racing towards the palace. No. No—Geraeri and Frieke were trying to hide behind each other, but he saw the incredulous, bandaged figure stepping onto the balcony.
“Whgh?”
The King of Destruction, still covered in more bandages than Fetohep, was nothing like Alked’s image of the man. But the wild-eyed teenager who tore out of the room pointed a finger at the floating warship.
“What’s happening? What is that?”
The [Captain] ignored Teresa Atwood and saluted Flos Reimarch.
“Your Majesty of Reim?”
He pronounced the name of the kingdom Re-Im, rather than ‘rhyme’, and looked at Flos with clear interest and not a hint of recognition. He had no idea who this was. Only Fetohep’s orders.
“Thgh’s me.”
The [Captain] nodded, and someone extended a boarding plank.
“King Fetohep of Khelt bids you board. He’s got need of your help. I’m to promise you a Potion of Regeneration. We also need your [Steward]. Coming aboard?”
The King of Destruction stared at the ship and the casual [Captain], picking at his rotted teeth, incredulously.
“Me.”
The Revenant shrugged.
“Fetohep—His Majesty said you’d be wary. His exact words to you are, ‘hurry up and follow me, you worthless child. We have battles to win. Unless you are too cowardly to join me.’ Begging your pardon. He might have said brat.”
