8.78 F
Page 66
The carpet-riding [Mage] saw a Loquea Dree Garuda coming at her, and the undead tilted the carpet, clinging to it as it went vertical, and dodged Leka Thri as the Garuda whirled his scythe. Then they whirled, and the Horns of Hammerad looked up.
“Ksm—”
Yvlon was first. Coutei clotheslined the armored woman with one arm, a maneuver that would break any arm but his, and he was holding both Yvlon and Ksmvr. Pisces tried to dodge—he flashed—then froze as the [Mage] caught him.
“[Suppression Field]. Three!”
“Uh—”
Ceria looked at her team, then did a hop—and the last carpet caught her, and the rider nodded in approval. The four adventurers realized a few things.
Firstly, undead were kidnapping them on flying carpets.
Secondly, they weren’t dead. The undead were shouting about Khelt and Fetohep of Khelt.
Thirdly? They were heading away from the battlefield.
“No! Ksmvr!”
Nsiia howled upwards, and Ksmvr struggled in the grip of the impossibly strong ‘undead’.
“My sword! Give me—put me down, please!”
“Revenants! They’re Revenants!”
Yvlon stared in horror at the other undead. Ceria just looked around and wiped at her brow.
“Whew. What a strange—”
“Eloque! Merr! Bearig! Qshom!”
Pisces nearly threw himself off his carpet, and the rider had to wrestle with him. The [Necromancer] was shouting.
“Put me down! Put me—”
“He’s going to crash the carpet!”
“I have him.”
Coutei leapt from carpet to carpet and restrained Pisces, but the [Necromancer] fought. He tried to cast magic, and the Djinni wrenched his finger away.
“Northwards, cousins! The Scourgeriders are assaulting A’ctelios Salash! We have a ship to catch!”
He roared, but Pisces was still fighting. They were passing over Pomle, and he was screaming down.
“Eloque! Put me down!”
“Fetohep of Khelt has summoned you! We are taking you to Izril!”
“No—what? Take them!”
Pisces pointed down, but the Scourgeriders saw only chaos below. The Revenants shook their heads. Pisces caught sight of a Lizardwoman staring up at him.
“Pisces!”
Ceria thought she heard his name being called. She saw Pisces fighting helplessly against…she narrowed her eyes. That wasn’t an undead.
“Why are we being taken? Put us down, please. We are a team. I have left a Relic-class weapon behind.”
Ksmvr tapped the other Revenant’s shoulder, and Yvlon balled a fist. But the [Mage] just aimed a wand at her, and the Horns hesitated. Only Pisces refused to stop.
“I promised to protect them! Let me go!”
“Pisces!”
Merr the Storm was racing after them on the ground, but she couldn’t keep up. Still—the riders looked at each other and flew lower.
“Merr! I’m going to—leave me behind!”
“Pisces? Hey, we’ll all stay! I don’t know why you want us, but—”
Ceria looked at him, but the Revenants were adamant. And Merr? She shouted.
“Pisces! Just go! Get out of here before Roshal fucking eats you, gold-boy! Go!”
“Not without you.”
Pisces was ready to jump off the carpet; he could easily damn all the riders if he kept fighting. Coutei had him restrained, but the [Necromancer] was firing off increasingly dangerous spells. At last, the Djinni snapped.
“Mighty Fetohep—desires you! We are taking you to Izril, you fools! He needs you to rescue Erin Solstice! Or protect her! Do not make me knock you all out!”
The Horns of Hammerad stopped. Merr the Storm just blinked as she saw Pisces’ eyes go wide. He looked at the Djinni, and Coutei grinned.
“A friend, eh?”
“Merr—”
Pisces looked back at her, but the fight had gone out of him. The Bandit Lady shouted.
“I’ll keep—safe! Just—when you—luck!”
