8.78 F
Page 64
General Thelican stared at the stranger, who had neither weapons nor actual armor. And where had his bodyguard gone? His chariot was empty. For answer, Orjin adjusted his posture as the [General] turned pale.
“The Strongest of Pomle.”
 
——
 
Eloque was galloping towards Pomle’s lines in a mortal terror. It was a battle between armies, and she didn’t know where Pisces had gone. Was that him on the chariot being pulled by bears? Was that…his team?
“Please! We’re not [Soldiers]! Don’t attack!”
The ex-[Slaves] were heading for the armored warriors, who raised their weapons at the sight of them. Merr hesitated as a line of strange fighters appeared.
“Oh shit—back it up! Back it up!”
But the Monks of Sottheim didn’t attack. They took one look at the desperate children, civilians, and the [Abbot], Shurein, lifted a hand.
“Let them through. Advance and support the Empress of Beasts.”
[Monks] made two lines and marched past the [Slaves] into the fighting. Eloque almost fainted in relief. Qshom actually did, lying on his back, his head rolling off his shoulders.
Bearig was following them, a gash on his shoulder and armor, but Merr had gotten him and Rophir here. That just left—
“Pisces! Merr, where is he?”
For answer, the [Bandit Lady] just pointed.
“With his team.”
She was smiling. Everyone looked at a single chariot screaming around the battlefield. Literally screaming as four figures clung to it. Two giant Frostmarrow Behemoths were rampaging around them, and the chariot was hurtling around, dodging enemy chariots, running through the ranks of one of Chandrar’s greatest nations.
Occupying the entire battlefield.
 
——
 
“Ceria Springwalker! You treacherous—!”
Pisces ducked the spray of water. It nearly blasted Yvlon off the chariot. Only her armor saved her. Ksmvr dragged her up.
“Who is that, Ceria?”
“The Siren of Savere! Go, go—she’ll drown us! I may have double-crossed her!”
“You what?”
Ksmvr lifted his head, spotted something, and waved his hands.
“Ah, there is Nsiia. Nsiia! I need the sword back! I have found Yvlon—Nsiia?”
The Empress whirled, having leapt off her elephant to chase the Siren. Yvlon, Pisces, and Ceria locked onto the blade she held.
“That’s ours!”
They chorused as one. But then a howling [General] fleeing a [Martial Artist] pointed at her.
“Yvlon Byres! Is this how you repay the generosity of Queen Y—argh!”
Orjin kicked him into a line of Savere’s [Bandits]. Everyone turned to Yvlon. Ksmvr’s mandibles opened as wide as they’d go.
“Queen Yvlon?”
“Queen Yisame. Where’s Zenol? He’s somewhere around here!”
She whirled around, and Pisces found the [Prince] fighting with his team.
“There! Is he on our side?”
“No!”
“Yes!”
“Whose side are we on?”
The four Gold-rank adventurers looked at each other. Ceria lifted a finger.
“Probably not Savere, but we can patch things up.”
“Nerrhavia’s Fallen?”
“No. Tiqr is on our side. And Pomle.”
Ksmvr and Yvlon looked at each other, but Pisces pointed.
“There! Merr is leading the freed [Slaves]! We’re fighting with them! To Pomle!”
That put them against…Nerrhavia. Everyone turned to Yvlon, and she hesitated only a second.
“Go, go!”
She grabbed the reins as Ksmvr began cutting arrows out of the air. Pisces took the left side, firing [Deathbolts], Ceria the right, with [Ice Spikes].
And then…in the middle of screaming at each other, calling out danger—they looked back. The Horns of Hammerad gazed at the others, wide-eyed, in the middle of a crisis—but there they were.
Same as ever.
Changed.
We found each other. Even so.
