8.78 F
Page 58
Revine watched Ceria’s expression, but the half-Elf was supremely unconcerned with the war—just watching. She was eying the place where the undead were fighting.
“What is Savere doing?”
“We’re going to get my prisoner and find your Antinium—and avoid making war with Nerrhavia’s Fallen. I have no idea why Illivere is here. Probably their precious Golem, in which case we ignore each other.”
“Ah. So you don’t want to attack Nerrhavia’s Fallen?”
The [Cryomancer] glanced at the Siren, and Revine bared her teeth. Her water magic spells were ready to go, but she shook her head.
“I…do not wish to make them an outright enemy. I would sorely love to.”
Ceria glanced over her shoulder. The army of Savere was just as ready to fight Nerrhavia as Pomle; they were eying the flank of Nerrhavia with a hatred that the Stitch-folk were matching. Bad blood. Ceria felt at the circlet she had on her head. She scratched a few times at her scalp; it got itchy. Then she put the relic on as the Siren looked at her.
“I see. Could I persuade you to attack Nerrhavia’s Fallen?”
“Attack…why?”
The Siren broke off from her calculations and turned to Ceria. The [Cryomancer]’s pale eyes were glowing as she stared into the dust cloud.
“Because I’m fairly certain I’m going to insist.”
Then both she and the Siren saw it. The two [Mages] needed little actual vision to detect magic. Both saw the bloom of death magic, and the Siren focused on Ceria. For the first time in a while—she saw Ceria smile, broadly, genuinely.
“That’s my teammate.”
 
——
 
He had no idea about the other armies. Unlike the rest of his team, the young man had neither gotten near a [Message] spell nor communicated any other way.
He was too understandably wary of Roshal tracing his position. And all he had done, he’d done for his friends.
Eloque the Lizardwoman, Qshom the Dullahan. Bearig the freed [Cook]. Rophir the half-Elf, and the dead like Cawe.
Merr the Storm saw her Skill clearing up and then a wall of chariots coming their way. She turned.
“Stormbandits! Fight! Hold them off! Get to Pomle, Eloque!”
She tried to rally her people as she turned her mount, but her people were still…[Bandits]. They looked at Nerrhavia’s famous chariots and just kept running. Merr shouted at them desperately, searching for Bearig and Rophir. Then she saw the biggest fool on the battlefield emerge from the fighting and undead.
“No—nonono—Pisces! Necro boy, come back!”
He didn’t answer her. The [Necromancer] burst out of the sand with one goal in mind. And that was to defy Roshal to the last and all those who would help them.
Buy time. He was the only one who could. And though he didn’t have access to ice-magic and couldn’t summon a Frostmarrow Behemoth—
The Nerrhavian [Charioteers] saw something strange coming at them and pointed. They turned on Pisces as he rode out of the sandstorm, in outrage and because he was heading towards them.
In a chariot. 
It was far smaller than their war-chariots, and it was more of a bad oval made out of bones attached to some wheels—also bone. Oh—and it had two skeletal horses pulling it.
The Horns of Hammerad’s wild and dangerous method of entering the fray, minus the ice and customary bone bears. The [Necromancer]’s brown hair was whipping in the wind as he waved his flaming rapier, shooting [Deathbolts] at the swerving chariots. They were all racing towards him.
Buy them time. He looked back at Merr as she shouted in horror.
“Pisces!”
