8.78 F
Page 63
Yvlon’s fist shot out and floored a [Vanguard] charging Ksmvr as he leapt up and landed in the wagon. Ceria gaped at Ksmvr.
“How did you—you leveled up!”
Ksmvr nodded proudly.
“I am now a credit to the team. I would like to report my new class is only [Brave Skirmisher], but I have inherited the [Silver Illusion] sword school and—”
“Would you two catch up later!? We’re surrounded!”
Pisces screamed at the others. He turned to Ceria; they were deep in Nerrhavia’s lines, and Yvlon or not—the soldiers were definitely not on their side. They were trying to board the chariot, and Ksmvr began defending their rear. Pisces reached out.
“Ceria! Link!”
“Got it! [Animate Frostmarrow Behemoth]!”
The half-Elf raised her hands, and Yvlon, Pisces, and Ksmvr turned to look at her. Her circlet shone like a lighthouse for a second—
Then the first paw of a Frostmarrow Behemoth punched out of the earth. Ceria wiped sweat from her brow as Pisces froze.
“I’m out of the circlet’s mana. Let’s do another! Pisces!”
She grabbed his hand. The [Necromancer] stuttered at her.
“How did—wh—-”
But then he focused. And pointed.
“There! Not here! There—”
Ceria’s eyes narrowed, and Yvlon did a double-take as her arm extended, grabbed someone by the throat, and retracted so she could punch them with her other hand.
“What is that? Did you make a Skeleton Lord?”
She recognized the superior undead fighting around a group of strange people. A Lizardwoman, a half-Elf, a few Stitch-people, a Dullahan…
Then a second Frostmarrow Behemoth emerged from the ground.
 
——
 
Femithain couldn’t believe his eyes. Savere was attacking Nerrhavia! Was that linked magic he was sensing? Had the Siren lost her mind?
Then he saw the two Frostmarrow Behemoths attacking Nerrhavia’s Fallen. And in the middle of it all—there was Domehead.
He was being charged by chariots, fighting Nerrhavia as they scored his armor with dozens of blades. Following Nsiia.
Someone fired one of the ballistae Nerrhavia had brought, and Domehead blocked it to a cheer from Illivere’s forces.
The glowing comet from one of the magic-throwers hit him and knocked him down. Femithain didn’t remember what happened after that. One second he was watching—the next?
“Protect Domehead!”
Illivere was attacking Nerrhavia’s other flank. They passed by terrified freed [Slaves]—and the Crafter-Magus found himself face-to-face with a furious woman on a palanquin. The Siren aimed her wand at his two bodyguard Golems and froze.
“Crafter-Magus? Get out of my way!”
“Siren?”
He lifted his own staff defensively, but a trumpeting call broke through the fighting. Both turned, and someone on an elephant called out.
“Siren of Savere. I hear you’ve been looking for me.”
“Oh f—”
Revine whirled, and Nsiia, the Empress of Beasts, charged her. The first impact tossed Revine from her palanquin into the chaos. Nsiia and Femithain locked gazes, and the Crafter-Magus raised his staff.
“Empress of Beasts!”
Ah, and here came the last one. General Thelican had a backup chariot and was riding at her. The Empress turned, cursing, as the [General] rode at her with his escort. He and his bodyguard were clashing with Vasraf, and Thelican roared around.
“Take them all down! All of them! Move, you idiots!”
He whirled to his [Strategist], but the giant fool with dark skin didn’t even move. He was the most impressive [Strategist] that Thelican had ever seen, mind you. A worthy backup since Zenol and Yvlon Byres had…wait a second.
“Who are you?”
