8.78 F
Page 20
Pewerthe looked up, but Fetohep just turned and ran. Alked Fellbow saw him turn his head and snap.
“Find the Herdmistress! Now! Frieke! Go with Fellbow!”
The group of innocent would-be potters saw Fetohep continue sprinting through the capital. They looked at Pewerthe as she turned pale—
Then they began screaming. It was an acceptable reaction. But perhaps premature. As the [Potter] tore the apron from her front and began running—the King of Khelt truly began alarming people.
 
——
 
There were almost no [Farmers] in Khelt. There was little need; the skeletons might lack for Skills, but they could perform most tasks perfectly.
Even so, Fetohep hired [Farmers] with each generation to keep an eye on the crop-yield, and it was actually a fairly prestigious position.
An easy one too; all Colovt had to do was tell the skeletons what their orders were.
Colovt of Reim. He still felt that he was of Reim, even though the King of Destruction had been asleep for three years when he decided to go to Khelt. There was no future in Reim, or so he had believed.
When Flos Reimarch had awoken, Colovt had felt the pull…but only faintly. This was safety. While he could have marched to the King of Destruction’s banner, he had a family to think of, and he didn’t doubt Fetohep would keep them safe even if Colovt asked to leave. He was not that petty a man. However, Colovt would never return.
So he stayed. Today had seemed like another day of adding to the sugarcane yields and finding an entire hundred acre section to begin planting. Climate control was also no issue. If something needed growing out-of-season or in different weather, it would be done.
It sounded noisy near the capital today. The farm that Colovt was working on was quite far away, but he had a home near to the capital so he could occasionally meet with Fetohep himself. There was such noise that even the [Farmer] taking one of the skeletal wagons to his destination looked up from eating.
There was no driver, of course. He just told the horse where he wanted to go and had breakfast on the go. That meant Colovt could admire the scenery, chat…
And he had a perfect vantage point to see the ground ripple and one of his cornfields vanish. The [Farmer]’s jaw dropped open. Then he saw something push itself out of the ground. For a moment, it blinded him; the pale ivory reflected the sun perfectly.
Then he saw a massive, domed head. It shook itself off as if it were alive—then more ground bulged, and three more fields vanished. In horror, the [Farmer] saw it wasn’t hundreds of feet long. It was at least a thousand—it was so large—
The Jaw of Zeikhal clawed itself out of the soil and cast a shadow over everything. The city, Colovt—he gaped upwards as dirt and debris fell from a city-devourer. One of Zeikhal’s greatest threats.
Undead. Bone. The [Farmer] felt even the horse freeze as the Jaw uncovered itself. He was speechless, flat on his back. Staring up at it as ghostly green flames appeared in its eye sockets—all sixteen of them.
What is happening? Was it the war in the north? An emergency? The [Farmer] didn’t know, but then he heard a sound. A…rumble beneath his feet. The horse abruptly began galloping again, taking him out of the radius. Colovt realized what was happening and leapt into the driver’s seat to urge the undead horse to race—but the undead very politely waited until he was clear before the second Jaw of Zeikhal began unearthing itself.
