8.79
Page 29
To the misfortune of all, it was not Admiral Asale of Zeres who was on-duty when Cire crossed over the walls. It was the Sharkcaptain of Zeres, who held a rank equivalent to the Admiralty in some respects.
Sharkcaptain Femar, champion of the Serpentine Matriarch, had many similarities to the Lightherald of Calanfer, though both would have resented the comparison if they had both been alive and in the same room.
He had inherited the serrated spear and armor as well as class, responsibilities, and authority, but Zeres did choose the best to take the post.
Just not always a balance of martial abilities, command, and sense. The Sharkcaptain was already angry about having to let the Wall Lords and Ladies of each city, and Saliss of Lights, go while thumbing their tails at his forces.
The sight of the First Gardener’s son flying towards Zeres’ camp with an army of birds didn’t make him blink.
“I’ve heard of that brat. Chase him off. Shoot some arrows.”
“It’s the First Gardener’s son, Sharkcaptain.”
“And we are Zeres.”
The Sharkcaptain hauled up an officer by their armor. He snapped around.
“Loose a few warning shots! If they wing him, we’ll ransom him back to Oteslia! Is this a siege or daycare?”
A few [Archers] obeyed, and the Earth Dragon saw several bows rise. He dove—and an arrow missed him by a mile as birds screeched and avoided it. A second passed over his tail as he shouted insults—
And the third grazed his cheek. The Sharkcaptain grunted. He had to admit—it was a good dodge. The kid had some reflexes.
“Alright, enough. Warn him off, and if he keeps going, get me a [Mage]; net’ll only break his bones if he comes crashing down. I guess tell Asale or Land Admir—”
Thwoom. The Sharkcaptain was mid-sentence when the first tower on Oteslia’s walls lit up. He saw the flash and felt the impact as a bolt of lightning hit the earth and sent everyone stumbling backwards, but the sound was slower than the impact.
The Sharkcaptain looked up, stunned, as Admiral Asale, the Quartermaster, kicked his way out of a tent. He took one look at Femar and bellowed.
“What did you do? What did you d—”
 
——
 
Femar had no idea who Cire was. He did not even have suspicions, so he thought he was making the provocative choice of shooting arrows at the First Gardener’s son. Not the only Earth Dragon of Oteslia.
One was bad enough. But when the City Watch on Oteslia’s walls saw the bows go up and arrows start flying, they saw their Dragon in danger of being blinded or killed.
Zeres, most soldiers serving in any Walled City, expected escalation, if a battle occurred, to be swift. None of them had ever seen someone trigger the wall spells of a Walled City within seconds of provocation.
The first bolt of lightning hit Zeres’ forward camp so hard it sent Drakes dozens of feet away flying. The army of Zeres, rattled, expected that to be it—a warning shot.
They were not prepared for the second wall spell to activate and belch a giant cloud of summoned cicadas with teeth, biting flies, and flying beetles straight at their army. Then a third tower activated, and a shield of violet light engulfed Cire and half the animals flying around him as the Earth Dragon hesitated. He looked at Zeres’ army in full-alarm as the [Marines] shot to battle-alert.
Then Cire looked over his shoulder. His mouth opened wide.
“…Oh.”
 
——
 
