8.79
Page 16
“If you stand on one side, all the more reason why I should stand on the other, Iraz. All the more reason to believe I am right.”
He glowered at her, but the Woven Bladegrass tribe was already moving. Young vs old. New vs…
Adetr Steelfur called out, voice pained.
“Chieftain Iraz. I respect you as a warrior and leader! My every goal has always been to be like you!”
“Then why are you standing there, Adetr?”
The metal Gnoll clenched his paws together.
“Because I could never stand at your side so long as you are there, Chieftain Iraz. I know Mrsha. I will not kill her or see it done. I revealed a truth to the Meeting of Chieftains with the help of Rose the Human. With Mrsha’s friends and companions who all stand here. Chieftain! Can you not see that this must be true?”
Iraz himself wavered, and the other Gnolls and outsiders looked around. What great truth? However, it could not be said, even between the disparate factions. Not now.
Yet that moment of silence was all it took for another Chieftain to make up her mind. Chieftain Eitha hefted her crossbow.
“Hawkarrow—with Larr! We have fought with Silverfang, and that Human saved my life! To Honored Inkarr and Silverfang!”
Two tribes broke towards Krshia’s side, and she saw Ulcre snarl in alarm. Hawkarrow was not large, but Woven Bladegrass was a powerful one.
Insill was panting with nerves, but he had done it. It almost made up for all the other idiotic things his team had done to Krshia. Almost.
But the Drake’s presence had reminded the Gnolls they were not conducting this privately. Perhaps no great event would ever be private again. For, from here on out, there would always be…
“Hello? Hello, Drassi, can you hear me? This is Reporter Shuns from the Meeting of Tribes. We’ve just set up, and we’re looking at what might possibly be a huge altercation between the tribes as multiple Walled Cities are sending armies to the front. I’m going to ask for a quote. Excuse me, excuse me, sir. Can you tell me—”
A Drake thrust a speaking stone enchanted for clarity in front of a snarling Gnoll, and he was thrust aside by Xherw’s bodyguard. The [Chieftain] went straight for one of the other greatest of tribes not decided.
“Chieftain Perale. Will you speak with me?”
The Chieftain of the Wild Wastes tribe looked about as he rose from his seat, a [Message] scroll in his paw. He glanced at Xherw—and stepped back from him a moment. His [Barbarians], [Berserkers], and the Gnolls who lived in the northeast of Izril all stirred.
“I believe the time for speaking overlong is over, Chieftain Xherw. Indeed, I have made up my mind, yes? Wild Wastes! Up! Get moving! Watch the cows…”
The angry fighting cows of the Wild Wastes got up, and every Gnoll tribe stepped back as the Gnolls bounded to their feet. Where were they going? Xherw himself was uncertain as Perale stood—until the Gnoll jerked a thumb.
“That way.”
Everyone followed the thumb and saw he was pointing at…Perale waved a paw.
“There. Silverfang. Move, you’re embarrassing me!”
Wild Wastes Gnolls looked at each other, then shrugged and began heading towards the surprised Silverfangs and Weatherfur. Xherw felt a surge of unease.
“Chieftain Perale! Can we not discuss this? What is making you act so—rashly?”
The Chieftain turned back. He was chewing on some curds of cheese from a bowl. He popped another into his mouth, unconcerned. Still, he kept his distance from Xherw.
“Little, Chieftain Xherw. I am no great thinker, and my tribe is even less so.”
Some of the Gnolls glared at Perale, but the rest were laughing. Perale went on, eyes sharp.
