8.79
Page 7
Here came death. Like Merish before, Mrsha refused to run. The great Earth Elemental, Khoteizetrough, turned from glaring at the Plain’s Eye tribe in uproar as the [Chieftain] strode towards her. He was reaching for the blade at his side, which had just killed countless Drakes in battle.
He never reached her. The slow Earth Elemental was too cautious of the innocent Gnolls to block him, but half a dozen Gnolls blocked Xherw’s way.
Krshia Silverfang, standing with Akrisa, Cetrule, and her tribe.
Gire, glowering hugely as she held a paw in front of her little friend.
Lehra Ruinstrider, still looking confused but determined.
Adetr Steelfur, gazing into the eyes of Iraz Steelfur, his Chieftain, standing across from him.
Chieftain Torishi, Feshi right behind her, the Weatherfur tribe surrounding Mrsha.
Shaman Theikha of Gaarh Marsh.
She put her staff down, and Xherw aborted his charge, hesitating. It was just a staff, just one elderly Gnoll he probably had a hundred pounds on and a lot of muscle—but even Shaman Ulcreziek hesitated as Theikha placed her staff on the ground.
“Back. No one will harm this child. She is under the protection of Gaarh Marsh, Weatherfur, and Silverfang!”
Xherw recoiled as, above him, the Earth Elemental raised one huge fist. Gnolls looked up at the shadow of the land itself that threatened to crush him.
“Doombringer! What madness has gripped you, Shaman Theikha? Do you not see her white fur? Do you not see Doom among us?”
He howled, pointing at Mrsha. He turned, looking around—but he had arrived too late. Everyone had already seen Mrsha’s pale white fur, seen the Earth Elemental snatch her up, and the mountains themselves had heard his word. Theikha’s gaze was steady with conviction as she gazed at him.
Plain’s Eye, traditional tribes, and those on one side. Silverfang, Weatherfur, many of their allies on the other.
Countless tribes split, undecided, caught between fear and uncertainty at the greatest decision yet of the Meeting of Tribes. Mrsha looked at horrified Gnolls shrinking back from her as if she were Yellow Rivers or death incarnate. Gnolls who would kill her for just looking like she was, a name.
Others who were weighing fact against fiction. Some who didn’t care about her fur at all, only who she was. But so many afraid of what they had been told as cubs.
A day ago, even with all the will in the world, Mrsha would have quailed before the gazes of the tribes. An hour ago that would have been true, because part of her would have believed it.
Today? Now? Mrsha looked up at Theikha as Gire held her paw. She looked even higher at that set face of the oldest being here. Khoteizetrough, who had set it all to right with one word. She clung to it and believed in it. Time for the reckoning.
Shaman Theikha shook her head and faced Xherw, eyes searching his face, Ulcre’s, and looking at the world how it was and wondering, perhaps—where it had changed from what it should be. What had twisted in all their minds, like darkness. An idea, rotting in their heads over generations.
“Not Doombringer. Doombearer.”
Gnolls looked at her, murmuring the word, comparing the two. They would never be the same people after this. But today—
Today was the day they began to decide who Gnolls of the Great Plains would be.
 
——
 
There was no blood at first. Just a lot of shouting.
