8.79
Page 54
Shaman Theikha walked forwards. She looked so weary and heartbroken. Xherw stood alone, with not even Ulcreziek behind him. He gazed around defiantly. When he spoke, it was the answer. Though even now, he buried the final conclusion.
“We have put their power to better use. It was done long ago. By my Chieftains—a great sacrifice, a dark deed, as our kingdom fell to ruin. All because Doombearers manipulated their power. The power to alter fate. Luck and chance itself. So we decided we would be custodians of that power. Doombearers were never to be trusted again. We gave them a new, fitting name, and Plain’s Eye has done what it must to ensure the Drakes would not wipe us out! To safeguard our people until we were strong enough to reclaim our home.”
“What did you do? You murdered countless thousands for what? All for one tribe?”
“I have done everything for our people. And we have passed on our great legacy. It will protect us all some day!”
Xherw howled back. He turned, wild-eyed, and they all felt it.
That static in the air. Something stranger than an aura. An unseen presence, the sheer power of it enough to make you hesitate. The ability to confer luck onto anyone, to change fate itself.
Xherw was drawing on it now. Drawing on all the luck ever stolen, and Mrsha, Wer, and Qwera saw it.
“Stop him—we have to combine our power. He’ll change reality itself!”
Wer whispered to them. He reached out, and Mrsha grasped his paw, but she didn’t have much luck and neither did Qwera. The Golden Gnoll gazed at Wanderer in confusion.
“I’ve never sensed—what is he doing? Who are you? Are you like Shadow? I met her once, but I told her no—”
He growled, eyes fixed on the Plain’s Eye Chieftain.
“No time to talk. If he finishes it—”
What could Xherw do? Could he turn the vaguest suspicion, the one in a million chance that Torishi flipped sides, into reality? He had generations upon generations of dead Gnolls’ luck.
Oh…and something else. After all, you couldn’t just store luck like that. So much luck was bad for the soul, if one could even contain it. Gnoll Doombearers were special, but even the greatest of them with classes to match couldn’t hold a fraction of all that.
So amid the great uproar, Xherw’s confession, in that silent struggle between the three Doombearers and the Chieftain of Plain’s Eye…
A few Gnolls began turning. They were transfixed. So was the audience of the world. But they couldn’t help it.
You had to turn, even faced with all of this. There was something about the woman greeting them.
Perhaps it was her height. The way she towered over Gnolls. Maybe it was that magnificent hat that blotted out the light.
Or perhaps it was the eyes older than Ulcreziek’s own. The rings into eternity. Layers of immortality.
Belavierr the Stitch Witch. The Spider of Terandria. The Temptress. The Witch of Webs. Threadcutter, Stitch-folk called her.
The woman with a hundred names and titles so old that all had forgotten her. She crept into the Meeting of Tribes, unseen at first. Then she began to speak.
“Hello. My name is Belavierr, the Stitch Witch. I hope you will consider perusing my wares. Please, have a sample.”
She offered Chieftain Eitha a bowstring, and the Gnoll gazed at her and the bowstring. Belavierr was half-ducked, trying not to get in the way of people, and even then—taller than some Gnolls. A strange young woman with too-pale skin but fiery red hair was following her with one of those little boxes attached to a bit of string so it could hang from her front like a little table.
“Sample. Sample. Belavierr’s Emporium.”
