8.79
Page 57
“Fascinating. Ah, this would be worth a great trade. Excuse me, sir. I realize your work is not complete. But would you consider an offer on it? Here, a modest sample of my work.”
She turned to the Gnoll. And Xherw looked at Belavierr. He tried to recoil, and Belavierr advanced. Torishi saw the Stitch Witch staring at something unseen, and the Weatherfur Chieftain’s fur rose.
“Sell…you are the Great Witch of Calamity. Begone. Begone or I shall—”
Belavierr was admiring something in the air. Torishi called out as every Gnoll, every eye fixed on something…invisible. Hovering behind Xherw. But Belavierr saw it.
“What is it? What is it you see, Stitch Witch?”
Belavierr glanced back in annoyance—and then casually clicked her fingers. She pointed as something appeared, shedding the veil of concealment. Every Gnoll head rose and looked up in horror. They saw what Xherw had made, what the sacrifice of Doombearers had created. Belavierr sighed as she stared up.
“A Daemon of Luck. I have not seen one for so long.”
As casually as a dagger to the heart, as innocently as sabotage, the Stitch Witch stepped backwards. She glanced once at Mrsha with that evil smile, and the Gnoll cub saw her step back and draw her daughter away. Job done.
The Gnolls looked up at what stood behind Xherw. The faces of dead Gnolls, the weight of so much blood and death that it had created something in service to Plain’s Eye. Mrsha’s eyes ran with tears, but she looked even so.
A Daemon. Not Demons of Rhir, a name for people. Not like this. This was something that existed in ways so foreign that it could not be seen even by ordinary [Mages]. Plain’s Eye had created something. Given it life.
The shadow that hung over Xherw’s shoulder looked like…Skinner. Or what Mrsha had always dreamed Skinner looked like during her nightmares. She had never seen the horror that attacked Liscor, only heard stories from people who had been there and did see it in their slumber.
Mrsha had imagined countless faces, limbs, and bodies sewn together to create some monstrosity of limbs, like a Crypt Horror but each body intact, not rendered down into its component parts. That was not what Skinner was.
But it was this thing. Faces of Doombringers, looking out at her amidst grasping hands melted into fur. A pile of bodies, large and small. Each Doombringer that had ever died.
This was no undead, though. Plain’s Eye had made something else. The Daemon of Luck had no blood nor internal organs. It did not live as Mrsha could understand it. Yet it wept.
The little Gnoll looked up with all the others and saw tears falling from the eyes. All their sadness. All their guilt and grief. Their despair and terror…the terror most of all. That was the being that stood there, in service to Plain’s Eye. Each white Gnoll wept at Mrsha, and the sight would never leave her.
Mrsha did not look away. She met those eyes with one vow in her heart.
You will be freed. The Daemon stood there, exposed to the world as Torishi looked up at it. Just one second.
Then she tore an axe free from her belt and lunged at Xherw with a howl that didn’t fade. It was taken up, by Berr’s son, by the Wild Wastes, Silverfang, Longstalker’s Fang, Gire and Ekhtouch, Adetr, struggling with Iraz, Gaarh Marsh, and every other Gnoll as they drew their weapons, and Xherw howled as he and Torishi locked blades.
The Meeting of Tribes ended as the civil war between Gnolls began.
 
——
 
That was what Fetohep of Khelt sailed towards. The living, adding to the ranks of the dead who would feed the Seamwalker’s advance.
