8.79
Page 47
She still didn’t understand that part, but she felt that unseen presence in the air. The very essence of something, like an aura but different. Xherw’s lips were tight as he gazed about. And every Gnoll did wonder.
How many had he killed? Mrsha looked up and thought she saw them.
So many Gnolls they would be a mountain of bodies. Blood and death and white fur. The Plain’s Eye Chieftain looked at her and Qwera, and they shuddered. But even they couldn’t fully see what he had done.
Not yet.
“I have done everything to keep this world safe. If I have blood on my paws, Torishi, they are only to avert another tragedy.”
“How many?”
She went to seize him, but Iraz and Reizet blocked her. Now, Xherw snarled back.
“Does it matter? They were only doom. Slaying them was a boon to all tribes!”
“No. They were supposed to be more. You killed them, and they were never evil.”
Xherw and Torishi stopped and turned. Shaman Theikha, head bowed, lifted it slowly as someone came through the ranks of Gnolls. She was covered in ink, from her paws to her forearms, and she had red eyes.
She had been crying, but Satar Silverfang still walked through the Meeting of Tribes as Silverfangs parted for her like she had seen Theikha do. She was wearing her shaman’s garb that Cetrule himself had given her, and her head was high. She held two things.
A book and a single piece of paper. She called out.
“I am Satar Silverfang! [Historian of the World]! I beg the right to speak before the Meeting of Tribes. I have uncovered the truth in stories.”
“This is not place for—”
Ulcre began nervously, but a Gnoll spoke up. Garsine Wallbreaker, who had taken no sides, boomed as she stood tall, suddenly.
“Satar Silverfang revealed a great truth to the Meeting of Chieftains. Let her speak. So say I.”
“And I.”
The World-Pact Adventurer Gadiekh raised his voice, and his tribe shouted approval. Ulcre looked at Xherw as he fell back, and Satar came to a halt.
She was shaking so hard she was vibrating in place slightly. Her voice was no less trembly, but she lifted a piece of parchment.
“I have a new Skill. [A Missing Passage, Revealed]. It lets me discover untruths in stories. Write them as they were first told. I noticed that our tales, our Retellings—were wrong. But I could not uncover the truth. Not until now. Not until I understood what the old stories about white Gnolls meant. Chieftain Torishi. Chieftains…I would like to tell you the tale of the Beast of Albez. How it truly went.”
The Beast of Albez? Gnolls stirred. That simple, old story? Most knew some version of it. Satar looked around and got a nod from Torishi. The Weatherfur Chieftain’s eyes were bright as Satar stood in the middle of everyone.
She took a few breaths.
“T-the Beast of Albez. Here I go. U-um…”
A little Gnoll was staring at her. Satar turned her head as she began to stutter and saw Cers, looking out from behind Cetrule and Akrisa. Her heartbeat slowed a faction. Satar began to speak, to him.
To tell him the truth.
“Once upon a time, there was a tribe that lived in the Hills of Albez. Before cities or even an empire, the Gnolls were there. The Knocte tribe lived in peace, until one day, a white Gnoll appeared.”
Every Gnoll looked at Satar. This was how they knew it. Mrsha was squeezing Krshia’s paw so tightly the Gnoll [Shopkeeper] almost grimaced, but they were transfixed. Satar’s gaze found Mrsha and Qwera, and she kept going. So they could be freed of all the lies.
