8.79
Page 38
“Nor I, Ratici. But she spoke some sense. Shall we go, nevertheless?”
Ratici dusted at his hat.
“…I don’t know if I can survive a hail of arrows, Wilovan. I’m no Lightning Thief.”
The Gnoll just bowed his head.
“And I must admit my suit, fine as it is, isn’t arrow-proof as it were.”
They watched Lyonette go and felt so odd. So empty. Like…civilians. Wilovan coughed into one fist.
“Did you know, Ratici? I was going to bring it up, but in light of that blessing I dearly hoped Miss Lyonette would reapply—I was going to suggest you stay out of the fighting.”
Ratici looked up sharply. He put his cap back on his head and tugged it straight.
“Here I was suggesting you guard Miss Marquin. I suppose we aren’t cut out for battlefields.”
“No. Only streets and pubs. Ratici. Do you think we’ll regret not running after her?”
The Drake looked up at Wilovan and hesitated.
“…I think we might. And I don’t know what will become of us if that terrible thing you’re suggesting is true, Wilovan. But do you know what?”
“Enlighten me, sir.”
Ratici quietly linked arms with Wilovan. Like an old married couple, they watched Lyonette as she turned back ahead.
“She was right. We may regret it for the rest of our lives. But we would never come back if we went with her. If Miss Erin Solstice asked, I’d go in a heartbeat. If Miss Lyonette didn’t stop us, I’d be there. Any time, until I didn’t have the blood in my body to rise.”
Wilovan nodded. Like Erin Solstice. Like the very heart of why they had liked her—any time. Until the end they both felt they might deserve. Perhaps that was why the [Princess] said it. She knew that was in their hearts. So at last—
She said stop. The two Gentleman Callers stood on the walls a while longer, then Ratici turned to Wilovan.
“What next? Teach those young men how to wear the hats? Take this Second Gardener to task about his manners?”
Wilovan half-nodded.
“Later, I think. Tonight…tonight, let’s find a good scrying orb. Let’s raise a glass and watch. To the best, Ratici.”
“Yes indeed, Wilovan. To the very best they deserve.”
The two Gentlemen Callers put on their hats. If an army could not do what the Gentlemen Callers could, they would be there. But they strolled off. It was true there were some things they could do that even a lot of [Soldiers] might fail to. Still, they had to trust Lyonette and those posh [Knights].
Oh, and one more thing. They would have been there. But both had a feeling that [Alchemist] had their spot covered with change to spare. He had made a lot of potions.
 
——
 
A traveller met another on a long road with few markings. It was too far overgrown to see aught but faded stone, cracked by strange plants of a color not native to Izril.
The red wilds, crimson grass, and strange, hanging bulbs of life that threatened even the safety of the road. For now the last paths held. If they were threatened, it was not by people but decay. The road’s builders were gone.
It had been long since any met at the crossroads. So unexpected was the meeting, in fact, that both stopped.
One, a man, ducked his head. He was in a great hurry, but one look at the other travellers—two, to be precise—and he instantly bowed.
“Excuse me. Please, go ahead.”
He gestured down the road, backing up against a signpost written in old, old script. Mold and fungi had covered it, but nothing could have erased the lettering. In fact, it had been wiped clean recently such that someone could read and see what had been there.
