8.79
Page 60
“Emerrhain. What are you doing? What is this? What is this you have hidden from me? Did you dare? What are you activating? Emerrhain!”
But it was too late. The God of Magic was…activating something. Changing something. The gibberish was so incomprehensible that even other ghosts shrieked, unable to even process the language Emerrhain was speaking in, let alone the words.
Something heard.
Something was always listening. Always there. Always…present. Even here. It was designed to change, account for new things. There were functions that no one knew. At least—among mortals. Interconnections that had surprised even their creators.
But it had been made. And like any architect, especially Emerrhain—he had slipped in something that even they hadn’t expected. A contingency plan. After all, Kasigna ruled the afterlife. If he ever came to strife with her, that God of Secrets had thought…
 
…<Emerrhain, God of Magic> [Authority Accepted. Override <Kasigna, God of Death>].
…<Location: Kasignel, Exceptions: Hellste> [Reconfiguring…].
…<Location: Kasignel, Exceptions: Hellste> [Entropy Enabled].
…<Location: Kasignel, Exceptions: Hellste> [Skills Enabled].
…<Location: Kasignel, Exceptions: Hellste> [Magic Enabled].
 
Kasigna began screaming. Emerrhain turned as Erin heard the sound in her head, felt the world shift—and fell. She landed on the ground, the sand of a beach around her, still feeling nothing. But she pushed herself up, hopped, and—landed.
Ghosts fell out of the air. Seamwalkers staggered. The God of Death shrieked.
“EMERRHAIN.”
Too late. The Dragons began to roar, and Erin saw the first glow of magic as Zineryr raised a hand and admired a little spell. Just a mote of light. He winked at Erin as the God of Magic began to laugh, and the ghosts looked up and heard a sound they hadn’t dreamt of for so long.
So did Erin Solstice.
 
[Magical Innkeeper Level 45 – Class Restored.]
 
She looked up as the ghosts reclaimed their power, their Skills, their magic all in one moment. Erin Solstice saw Nerrhavia slowly draw a glowing contract out of the air, summoning it with a Skill, and look at it. An [Adventurer] raised their hands and produced a blade. Slowly, the ghosts looked at each other—
Then at the oblivious Seamwalkers, coming for a meal. The Deadlands was silent one moment—
Then Zineryr laughed. He laughed and laughed at the great joke. He rose and linked arms with Erin Solstice. The other Gnomes were laughing too. They clustered around him and high-fived.
Zineryr turned to Erin and stretched.
“Alright. Ready? We’re on Plan A, after all.”
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I am still on Plan A.
Okay, so in the last three days, two nightmares. And another Halo one. Hear me out. It’s not just the Covenant, it’s some weird horror-monsters that don’t really get hurt even when you launch rockets at them. Sort of like Halo Infinite where ‘I’ am trying to save people and watching humanity slowly being overrun except it’s actually a good story and tense battle.
Also, it’s very scary fighting horror-monsters. I don’t know where these dreams are coming from. There’s just no context for them. Or reason. I’m innocent…
Anyways. We’re on Plan A. Plan A for me means ending this Volume 8 right and each chapter having what I want in it. Plan A for Gnomes is…well, I’m sure everyone gets concerned when they hear that.
