8.79
Page 14
“—Besides. The day he died, we were celebrating Brunkr’s new class. He became a [Knight], and I have never seen him happier. Mrsha and her mother helped with that.”
Menoa wavered. She looked at Krshia in disbelief, and the [Shopkeeper] realized Brunkr had never written to her about his new class. Krshia had certainly not brought it up when she communicated his death.
“He—he became a [Knight]? Impossible.”
Krshia’s eyes stung with tears. But she nodded her head.
“If you take the ill—you must take the good. He was slain by a monster. A traitor to our people. Mrsha did not do this. She did not end her tribe. She is not a Doombringer. She is a Doombearer. The Raskghar kidnapped her with the others to eat her heart. But when she was in the darkness, she helped free our people and distracted them to flee. She is a brave child, and I wish I had one half as brave—and that she would never face such days again. Menoa. Do not walk away from us. I know you are hurt. I ask you blame me and me alone forever for what I asked of him. But I tell you this: if Brunkr were here, he would be standing here, shield in hand.”
She pointed down, and Mrsha raised her head. Her eyes and nose were dripping. It was just water. And snot. The Gnoll woman gazed at Mrsha. Then she looked across the distance.
“Lies. Convenient lies. No—Krshia Silverfang is mistaken. Look how she rewrites the story to explain all the strange evil that has come to her city and that region of Izril. Goblin Lords? A dungeon? Think, Gnolls, Chieftains. Is this all normal for a city that has been so quiet?”
Shaman Ulcreziek strode across the lines of Gnolls, refuting Krshia. The [Royal Shopkeeper] clenched her paws into fists. The [Shaman] was swaying even progressive Chieftains like Hawkarrow’s Chieftain Eitha.
It would be so easy if this were Liscor or anywhere nearby. But she couldn’t tell them, couldn’t explain the real culprit she suspected was behind this. It was the stupidest argument ever, so she held back from making it. But it was all—all—
“It wasn’t Mrsha! It was all—Erin Solstice’s fault! I mean—sort of. It was her inn. And she was there way before Mrsha. Trust me! I was there! It was that crazy Human. If anyone was the real Doombringer, it was her!”
For a second, Krshia thought she’d gone mad and blurted that out, but she wouldn’t have put it like that even drunk. And she was not the…
The Gnolls stopped as a Drake strode across the ground, waving his arms and shouting. Ulcre halted in confusion, and the Gnolls glared at a Drake in their midst.
But one of a good number. The Pallassian delegation that had delivered the Raskghar had been the largest force of Drakes, and Krshia had heard they were marching back, but they were hardly a threat; barely two hundred [Soldiers].
The other Drakes present were actually a camera crew setting up as fast as they could. Everyone had heard something had happened, and soon images of the rift in the Meeting of Tribes would be shown around the world because it was prime television.
And showed their enemies how vulnerable they were. But the Drake who was shouting and waving his arms, his black scales covered by battered leather armor, wasn’t…either group. In fact, he looked sort of familiar. Krshia narrowed her eyes. Then she gasped.
“Insill?”
Insill of Vuliel Drae came to a halt and gulped as he saw all the angry Gnolls staring at him. But another voice rose to his defense.
