8.79
Page 36
“—Then the Drakes are the ones under fire. The Gnolls have far less to give up, but the Drakes have giant cities. Immobile, lucrative structures. The Gnolls have torn them down before. What happens when a Walled City has to surrender or Gnolls begin taking cities? Nagas? Mark me, because if I cannot return to the Forgotten Wing, I will cut the Walled Cities so deep it is to the quick. And they will bleed out.”
He looked ahead as the Goblins, Gnolls, Antinium, and his students looked at him.
“That’s if we get to Mrsha in time. It’s just warfare. Basic warfare at that. Diplomacy. Drakes do not make many friends worldwide. But if we don’t get there, Numbtongue, I will leave a trail from here to Baleros. I promise you.”
He was no longer smiling, but the confident little man stood there, envisioning battles after the next one. He was more than a Redfang, Numbtongue realized. Even Garen Redfang got tired and went back to sleep. This Fraerling just dreamed of the next battle before the current one was done.
Bird saw it too. He looked at Niers, his teacher, companion, and now as the Titan of Baleros. Slowly, deliberately, Bird reached out with a hand and went to flick Niers off his pedestal. The Titan turned and jabbed his shortsword into the tip of Bird’s finger. The Antinium jerked back and rubbed at the green oozing from his finger.
“Ow.”
Niers turned back to his students.
“Venaz. Get me a route. Wil—intercept any Drake reinforcements if they’re moving fast. They always swing back. If the Wall Lord appears, Bird gets to take out another leader. Berr, what’s happening at the Meeting of Tribes?”
The [Berserker]’s eyes glinted.
“My son is with Chieftain Perale. He says there has been no real fighting. Not yet. But Chieftains Torishi and Xherw are beginning to debate. There’s battle in the air. Chieftain Mrell, he claimed the child, Mrsha, as his own. It’s swaying tribes to them.”
“Huh. I didn’t expect that. But good. Advance. We’ll get there. Just find me the best battlefield. I have to level before I go home.”
The Titan’s eyes were alight as he watched the sun begin to set. He thought he could hear Fraerling cities burning. But he just continued onwards. Onwards, if he had to kill every Drake between him and the sea. And any Gnoll trying to hurt Mrsha too.
 
——
 
Zeres, Oteslia, Fissival, Salazsar, and Manus. No Pallass.
Lyonette du Marquin rode with Oteslia. Nalthaliarstrelous walked beside a protesting Cire, who was practically tied to his horse. Ser Dalimont, Dame Ushar, Ser Sest, and Ser Lormel were with them. Each one grim, but unable to gainsay their march.
If Lyonette’s daughter died, so did she. The [Princess] felt light, although she kept moving faster, trying to urge the Drakes along. They were going. After so much frustration, so much wasted time—she was going to her daughter.
And perhaps, by the time they returned, or even in the middle of the battle, an [Innkeeper] would wake up. Saliss had completed his antidote. Rags was on her way.
They were all going, each in their own army and way. Magnolia Reinhart had declined to join Oteslia, but she had sent her [Maids]. Lyonette knew that Saliss had set out with Mirn, claiming diplomatic immunity. Onieva had vanished, but she was no fighter, and Rafaema was on her mission.
All of them were going, and Lyonette had left Rickel, the young Earther, behind. He could not fight either. But only one pair, one duo were missing.
They were watching her from the walls of Oteslia. Lyonette turned in her seat and met the duo’s eyes.
