8.79
Page 23
They were so cruel, these adults, to one little girl. The Chieftain went on.
“Is that not a sign? Answer me, Chieftain Torishi!”
She did not, but someone else did. The Chieftain of the Kedarune tribe was listing Mrsha’s entire history from a biased perspective to the scrying orb recording the entire debate. He turned as backup came to denounce the Doombringer and smiled widely.
“And here is another to speak up in face of the Five Families and all the deluded. Chieftain Mrell—”
Mrsha’s head rose as the Chieftain of the Demas Metal tribe and his bodyguard strode onto the stage. Then Mrell raised a fist and punched the Kedarune’s Chieftain off the stage and into the crowd.
Of all the things—! Xherw himself looked around as the young Demas Metal Chieftain took a stand. But why was he…? Iraz was quite complimentary towards Chieftain Mrell, and he had no deep ties with Silverfang; he’d offered them armaments on loan, but he was a diplomatic, careful Gnoll.
What was he doing? Xherw had no context for what Mrell had done or what he was about to do.
The outraged Kedarune Chieftain came up, and Gnolls recoiled and some almost laughed at his face. He felt at his fur, and his paws came away with…
“Paint? What the—”
In the seconds since he’d fallen and gotten up, someone had scrawled ‘loser’ all over his face in red paint. The Gnoll smeared it into his fur as he swiped at it.
“Chieftain Mrell! Have you taken leave of your—”
“My senses? Come up here and I will strike you again! You want me to denounce that girl? Mrsha?”
Mrell was shaking. He pointed to Mrsha as the other tribes looked at him. The Gnoll’s voice cracked, and the [Smithing Chieftain] shouted around.
“Do you want to kill her? A Doombringer? A white Gnoll? Would you ask me to? To—kill my own daughter?”
Xherw’s mouth opened. Even Chieftains like Firrelle and Iraz did a double-take.
What had he just said? Mrell shouted it, tears streaming from his eyes.
“I am Chieftain Mrell of the Demas Metal tribe. And that—that is Mrsha, my daughter! I was the one who abandoned her. She was never guilty of anything but having parents unworthy of raising her. Now—now I have found her once more. And you would kill her? You will have to kill me first. That is my daughter, and you will have her, Xherw, over my dead body. I will never let her go again, no matter what comes.”
He turned to Mrsha as Demas Metal looked at their Chieftain and Mrsha, and gasps and howls spread through the Meeting of Tribes. The camera focused on Mrell—then a Gnoll burst through the crowd, leading nearly a hundred female Gnolls.
“She is my daughter too! And Sofang and I will not let anyone hurt her! I am Prha of Sofang!”
A female Gnoll shouted, bow raised, aiming around. Mrsha’s parents. The little Gnoll stared at them as the other Gnolls saw her parents, standing by Mrsha, defying the other tribes and Chieftains.
A child and parents. That…it was one thing for a Doombringer to stand alone, but when the two ran to her, past a growling Torishi? The Gnolls wavered. Who here could truly say they didn’t look like a family? One filled with regretful parents?
The television broadcast from Wistram News Network focused on Mrell as he held ‘his daughter’.
And Lyonette du Marquin exploded.
 
——
 
“You bastard. You bastard! Your daughter? YOUR DAUGHTER?”
She was shaking the scrying orb so hard that Ser Dalimont had to stop her before she cracked it. The [Princess] was incandescent. She was frothing at the mouth as Dame Ushar tried to restrain her.
“Princess—she is safe!”
