8.79
Page 49
Mrell was striding awkwardly with Prha. He hesitated.
“…I do have a bow. I think Hawkarrow’s Chieftain gave me one as a present. I can’t make Demas Metal bows yet, although we’ve been trying bowstrings. Not enough elasticity—but I can give you the bow. It’s in my tent. Come on.”
Prha followed Mrell into the tent eagerly, and the [Chieftain] pushed into his personal yurt. He supposed his people had waited for him to pack it up. And he vaguely noticed there were no guards on the tent.
Well, everyone was moving to the fortified ground to fight. He himself had ordered his bodyguard to protect Mrsha at all costs. So it was just Mrell and Prha who pushed into the tent. Even so. There should have been…guards. Everything from Demas Metal samples to their riches and schematics were here.
The Chieftain of the Demas Metal tribe slowed as Prha strode in and bumped into him. The female warrior recoiled.
“What? Eugh. I know this is your tent, Mrell, but it’s a mess. Everything is everywhere. And that smell. Was that me peeing? No—it smells like something rotting. Do you have food under your bed or something?”
Mrell said nothing. He just stared around his ransacked tent as Prha glanced at him and realized…something was off. She reached for a sword slowly as Mrell looked around.
He sniffed the air and caught what Prha had. He nearly gagged at the horrible, rotten odor of something foul. Like carrion. No—fouler still. A vile stench like a beast’s breath, like putrid incarnate.
Then both Gnolls saw a shape slowly unfold from a corner of the room. It had been almost unnoticed, so still was the single other intruder. Prha whirled, and her fur rose on end.
“What is—”
Both Gnolls looked up as something wearing what pieces of armor it could scavenge and put on from Mrell’s supplies stepped forwards. A…Gnoll larger than they were? Larger and bulkier by far, like one of the Ekhtouch, but not nearly as refined as they were.
Something old. Both Gnolls looked up, speechless, as Nokha bared her teeth. Mrell whispered.
“Raskghar.”
She was smiling at them. Wearing a cloak of…fur. Wearing another Gnoll. She was holding Mrell’s own Demas Metal sword, and she had on armor and—she was in his tent.
In his tent? How had no one noticed? The missing guards—
It was all too easy for high-level Gnolls, in the confusion of the Meeting of Tribes, to smuggle one person into the Demas Metal tribe. Just one person. One monster, who would prove the Doombringer’s curse.
Every predator, every hunter and warrior, from monster to man knew the truth. To catch your quarry, all you had to do was wait.
“Hello, food.”
Nokha growled. Prha spun.
“Mrell—get back. Mrell—”
The Gnoll Chieftain stumbled back. He turned as Prha raised her blade. He couldn’t leave her! But Nokha just grinned and lifted something in her paws.
Then the Gnolls saw something rise and spun. A wall of stone rose, blocking the entrance to Mrell’s tent. Nokha discarded the scroll. A Raskghar who thought and had learned from her enemies.
 
——
 
Nokha was giggling. She couldn’t help it. She had been about to die when they had given her a choice.
The Gnoll with the strange eye and the other one who scared even her had given her a chance. She knew they were using her. Nokha didn’t care.
She smelled it on them, below their words and excuses. Whether this helped them or not—they just wanted to see that little girl suffer.
Nokha licked her lips as she lifted her blade, watching the Gnoll warrior. She was no great warrior. Mrsha’s parents. They had no white fur, but one had made lovely metal.
