8.79
Page 17
“—Yet it seems to me that the choice is clear. We do not kill little Gnolls.”
“That is a Doombringer—”
Perale held up a paw, and Xherw controlled himself. The Chieftain glanced at something in his paw.
“The other reason is simple. I hear many opinions I trust and some I do not. But I trust my own tribe most, as do we all. I have just received a [Message] from Honored Berr. He says he will punch me if I do not protect the little child. So we go.”
“Honored…”
Where was Honored Berr? Xherw hadn’t even noticed he was gone. But Chieftain Perale had received a missive from his [Berserker], and…
“On the word of one Gnoll? Chieftain Perale, this is greater than a snap-decision!”
The Chieftain turned, and Xherw stopped as he reached out for Perale’s shoulder. Perale had a glint in his calm eyes.
“Honored Berr does not say these things lightly. I have seen enough. I trust Silverfang and the Great Protector of Gaarh Marsh. I trust Shaman Theikha. I trust you, Xherw—but I must ask if you went deaf this morning?”
“Even Elementals can be mistaken.”
Perale just shook his head at Xherw.
“You must think I’m as stupid as I just claimed, Xherw. Besides—Berr will be angry with me. Have you ever been punched by him when he is angry? Keep it up and you might find out what it is like.”
He turned and strode away. Two great tribes of the Plains joined Silverfang, and then Gnolls began to really waver, and it seemed Plain’s Eye was not so right as they claimed. But the greatest drama had yet to take place.
 
——
 
Chieftain Eska of Longstalker’s Fang wished it had never come to this. She stood with her tribe, with part of Ekhtouch, Silverfang, and wondered how it had come to this. She longed for the time when the worst they had to worry about was the revelation of magic and Earth.
But this had always been there—she just hadn’t expected to have Mrsha here in person.
Such a strange little girl who wrote on notecards. If only she had a voice, she could defend herself.
They were arguing now. Torishi and Xherw held back as Chieftains, [Shamans], and honored Gnolls argued. There were still several powerful tribes undecided. Legends among Gnolls, like the Named Adventurer, Gadiekh the World-Pact Adventurer.
Garsine Wallbreaker, taller than even Gire, and her tribe. The famed [Tanner], Honored Shedrkh, and his tribe.
Many more—and they were listening hard to the arguments. In fact—Eska narrowed her eyes.
“Chieftain Orelighn. What are you doing?”
She called down to the Greenpaw Chieftain and his small tribe. The Chieftain did not meet her eyes. Nor had he joined them in their camp. He hid his face, and Eska growled at him. Then she turned her ears to the arguments.
“No, she’s not evil. She’s a kid. She eats lobsters. How many monsters have you seen that eat lobsters?”
“What—what kind of an argument is that? Do you not see her fur, Lehra Ruinstrider? Do you not agree that doom has followed us?”
The Named Adventurer was arguing with another Gold-rank Gnoll and his team, and Eska could wish for a better representative for their side. Because Lehra…was not gifted.
“Eh, I’m a Named Adventurer. I get into scrapes like this all the time. You know Wall Lord Dragial? Sometimes it’s just people like him causing trouble.”
“Like a Doombringer.”
“Y—n—she’s a kid.”
One of the most powerful arguments was simple. She was a child.
