8.79
Page 31
“You can have the Wall Holders ratify your command, Wall Lord, but I must ask you what your intentions are. Join the attack on the Gnolls? With respect—I’d rather divest the forces of all Gnollish [Soldiers]. And frankly, ask you to reconsider. The tribes united versus five Walled Cities—if all five are willing to work together—is still going to be a bloody, bloody battle.”
Ilvriss just nodded.
“I hear you, General Greex. Nevertheless, Salazsar cannot ignore the events of the Gnoll plains. If it reassures the officers, let them know that my intention is not to assail the Gnoll tribes. Nor is it to clash with any Walled Cities. Rather, I hope that a force of level-headed Drakes can keep us all from each other’s throats.”
It sounded like nonsense, but Greex wore a relieved smile as he nodded to Ilvriss. The Wall Lord accepted the salute and looked ahead.
“Level-headed Drakes keeping the peace? Nephew, just when I thought you’d changed, you spout something as wild as your father.”
Nerul rode over, and Ilvriss grimaced at him. He tried to sound casual.
“With Salazsar’s finest [Diplomat] on my side, how can I fail, Uncle?”
The aforementioned diplomat just tried to shudder, laughed, and took a sip of water. Ilvriss moved out of the way; Nerul had been lauding the old Winebreath Blaster a bit too often recently. But the Drake was sweating in the autumn air.
“Please. You’re joking.”
He saw Ilvriss didn’t understand and elaborated with a sigh.
“Against Dragonspeaker Luciva and the most militant Drakes? I’d have to fight my way through the Sharkcaptain’s aura, and he’s not the worst Zeres could send. Remember how we forced your peers to a contract in Salazsar? Admiral Asale could crush every single one of us.”
“Isn’t he…the Admiral of the Supply?”
“Yes. And if you don’t know about him, read up before the battle or he’ll gut you like a fish, Ilvriss. He’s surprised everyone from Chaldion to Luciva herself.”
Ilvriss blinked at Nerul in surprise, but before he could ask more, he was interrupted.
“And what are we doing? Truly going to stop this?”
“If I have to put Salazsar in front of Manus or Zeres—yes.”
Nerul’s look was almost admiring, but he shook his head.
“That’s suicide, Nephew. Do you know how many Drakes are marching from Manus at last count?”
“Four hundred thousand. I heard.”
Not all Manus, but they had levied every city and garrison they came across and absorbed other Drakes into their forces. Nerul spat.
“By all accounts, Fissival’s eaten forces and so has Zeres. I truly don’t know why Dragonspeaker Luciva herself has come, but she’s pulled Spearmaster Lulv and two more of her Security Council. Ilvriss. I don’t need to tell you she’s not making a show of it.”
She had brought the kind of forces that even Zel Shivertail would have avoided in a fight. And only he could have halted this madness. Ilvriss just looked at Nerul.
“If I have to…we cannot waste time fighting each other.”
Nerul’s eyes were sharp with the exact knowledge of why.
“You will convince them to halt with nothing less than the full truth, Nephew. But will you get a chance to relay that before we fight?”
Ilvriss bared his teeth. He had a single, desperate idea, and he shared it with Captain Osthia and the silent Tessa. Shriekblade was just waiting, staring up at the sky, oddly calm from Lyonette’s cure. Faerie Flowers. Ilvriss hoped it didn’t dull her edge.
