8.79
Page 22
Reizet howled. Magnolia Reinhart’s spring green eyes narrowed and focused on the Gnoll.
“I am warning you, Chieftain. I do not permit anyone to kill children on my lands or anywhere else. No matter what you call her.”
“And you will march your armies into Drake lands to enforce your threat? You are toothless, Human.”
The Az’muzarre Chieftain and Magnolia Reinhart locked gazes. Magnolia Reinhart shook her head ever-so-slightly.
“The Circle of Thorns vanished because they dared to poison two sons of House Veltras. Is one Gnoll child worth so little that House Reinhart would not care?”
A snarl was her only answer, but it was Chieftain Torishi who shook her head.
“Gnoll children die many times over in countless tragedies. Is this one the single life to matter, Magnolia Reinhart, or is it as you say, politic?”
She fixed Magnolia with a stare, and the [Lady] sighed. She wished the Gnoll could see they were on the same side. But she supposed she deserved that. She gave Torishi a bright, regretful smile.
“Not at all, Chieftain Torishi. But I have met this girl. Seldom do I see a tragedy that I can prevent in such direct terms. Call it selfish, call it selective, and it is both. And believe me, I regret that we first meet with threats. But—”
She extended a finger and pointed at Xherw.
“Harm that child and I will call down the wrath of the north on you. A Reinhart’s word on it.”
He didn’t have time to answer. A snarling Reizet strode over, and the orb went silent as she probably smashed the one on her side. Magnolia held herself there for a second. Then she sat down.
“Decline all of Wistram’s…whatever. I fear I’ve just ruined all the plans of decades.”
She rested her head on one arm, closing her eyes. One of her [Maids] hesitated as they moved around the scrying orb. A Drake bowed to Magnolia.
“Begging your pardon, Lady Reinhart. But I think there was nothing you could have done.”
“Of course not. I hardly think—”
“No, Lady Reinhart. I think there was little you could have done for the better.”
Magnolia Reinhart looked up at the [Maid]. And it said something that she had the blankest look on her face.
“Really? You think so? You will have to explain that one to me, my dear. But for now—I need a bowl of ice cream. Ice cream cake. And tell the Velistrane to move up the coast. It is too large to sail up the rivers that pass through the Great Plains. But that girl may need a route north. Or myself as well.”
 
——
 
If nothing else, Magnolia Reinhart of Izril became known in that moment as someone opposed to killing children for whatever reason.
It was a considerable step up from the rest of the Reinhart family’s reputations. Did it matter?
It did, a bit. Although some Gnolls considered that anyone that one of the Five Families was protecting might well be a threat for that reason alone.
However, the bitter strife around Mrsha was reaching a head. Gnolls were shouting and pushing when the event happened.
“Stone Spears—I knew them. Chieftain Urksh was a good Gnoll! But that child—I know her too. I remember the day I heard that a [Shaman] and over a dozen Gnolls were expelled from the tribe. Even the day she was born, she had no voice. She was marked and brought naught but trouble, and I believe the [Shaman] saw it.”
A Gnoll was speaking to a crowd of others. Qwera was pushing up to try and throttle him to death, but the Chieftain of the Kedarune tribe was not about to let the Golden Gnoll anywhere around him, nor any of the Silverfang’s allies. He was pointing at Mrsha with a snarl as she made rapid, rude gestures. But her eyes were swimming a bit.
