8.79
Page 26
“A girl is going to be killed just for…just for looking like she is. I know she’s a Gnoll girl and not one of Oteslia, but Lyonette is her mother. She didn’t give birth to her or anything, but she’s still…her mother. It makes sense when she explains it. She came to me for help, and I know there’s strategy, and we don’t want to fight Zeres and stuff, but I told her…everything. She’s helping me and Rafaema, too.”
“To do what, Cire?”
The Earth Dragon shut his mouth.
“I—can’t tell you. But it’s super important. Enough that I promised to help her. Not just that. It’s because it’s right.”
The First Gardener was looking at the others. What could Cire and Rafeama be up to? Something revolving around their heritage? Rafaema manifesting more of her power? But then she was caught by something Cire said.
“It’s not right. Killing a kid just because she has white fur.”
“Of course it isn’t. No one is denying that. But you cannot invoke the City of Growth and kill countless thousands for no reason.”
One of the [Generals] shot back, trying to temper his words. Cire just looked at him.
“I know that. But—I don’t want to be Rafaema. I know you always tell me how disciplined she is and how good she is for Manus. Well—Manus sucks. I’ve been there. They never change. They kill anyone who gets in the way of ‘Drakes’. I bet they were behind putting the magic-sucking crystals in the ground. And you know what? I bet Dragonspeaker Luciva would never help even if Rafaema begged her. Because she only cares about Manus. But we’re Oteslia. Gnolls are our people too. That’s what you’ve always taught me. Should I ignore them? All the other Walled Cities are making war on Gnolls, and they didn’t do anything. We did something.”
“That’s…true.”
Oteslia’s council looked at Cire. They were not happy with it, and Cire was speaking what some had said in utmost private. The Earth Dragon looked around and shifted. He rubbed at his face, and Shaerrha recognized it. He was trying not to get teary.
“I—I know it’s a lot to ask. But everyone tells me that someday I will lead Oteslia.”
Everyone glanced at the Thronebearers, but they were stoic, and Cire was giving nothing away. The young man went on.
“Someday. It’s a long way away, I know. I don’t want it. But if I ever do lead Oteslia? I won’t let it be a city that cares about only Drakes. We are sharing this continent with Gnolls and Humans. So many Gnolls live in our city, but they get treated worse because people say we own the city. I never understood that. If I rule Oteslia…if I rule, we will never turn them away. We won’t let them be second-class to Drakes. We are all people, and I have friends in every species. It’s right that we protect kids. If we can’t be a city that does that—what good is there, being a Walled City?”
Shaerrha sat there. Twice this month she’d been moved to tears. Once, by a speech by a Human [Lady] speaking of a dream of the future, sharing a burden the First Gardener thought no Human could ever understand.
The second time…was this. She looked at Cire and saw in his youth and brashness, the wild young Dragon cooped up in a city, the foundation she hoped was there.
Someday…she looked over and saw one of the [Druids] was in tears. A Gnoll gazed at Cire, and someone blew their nose.
He would be everything they hoped of him. Someday. But today—his brave words, if not a perfect speech—were still not enough.
They believed this was the spark of his change. But he was still Cire. He didn’t know what he was asking, and he asked too much with no plan.
