8.79
Page 35
“Lots of Gnolls will die. Maybe they have to run from surrounded-death.”
His red gaze was bleak. He knew what he was talking about. The Titan just nodded.
“Exactly. So, the next battle will matter. And the ones after that. But a war will begin, and the Gnolls will face the Drake cities who will take their lands, force them into the Gnoll plains, and wear them down. Some tribes will make peace. Others, flee. Unless something changes.”
“Like you. You have a plan.”
Bird watched Niers as Wil rode back, breathless. The [Lord] was just in time to hear Niers chuckle. The Professor looked out and nodded.
“I am sure other Chieftains could say the same, but a high-level [Strategist] facilitates everything. And I can do what Gnolls won’t.”
“How so, Strategist Niers?”
Honored Berr leaned on a horse, looking interested, even friendly as he smiled. Numbtongue eyed the old warrior with as much wariness as Greydath and offered him a drink of water. Berr took it, sniffed once, and began to lap at it with a nod to the Hobgoblin.
“No offense to your [Strategists]. Your people are quite good at fighting, Berr. You can get vicious and fierce when the fighting is intense. Drakes, though…Drakes are nasty. Vindictive. Spiteful. But only a few like Chaldion are truly Crelers. Even the Cyclops has to play nice, mostly. He has to live here. Me, though. Me?”
The Titan laughed softly in a way that put Wil’s hair up on the back of his neck.
“I’m a [Mercenary]. I can do the things that no one wants. Consider our forces, Wil. Consider a war, not just one battle. What do we have that no Walled City or tribe does? And—where does it lead?”
The obvious answer was Goblins and Antinium. Wil knew there were no points for that answer. So he narrowed his eyes—then looked up with sudden unease.
“Sir…”
“You want to invoke the Antinium’s aid? Truly?”
Berr glanced sharply at Niers. The Titan just gazed at The Crimson Soldier, Bird, Pivr, and Xeu. Each one an influential Antinium. Two Prognugators and a Revelantor, and he understood a bit of what that meant. Niers’ voice was silky-soft.
“The Antinium do not do well at diplomacy because no one can talk to them and, I think, because they thought they’d win both wars. But the Grand Queen herself made your people an offer, Honored Berr. They are the wild card among the three other races on Izril. Unsupported, they fought all of the south. They only failed to take Manus because they had no idea how to siege the walls, and they kept that Walled City under siege the entire first war. The Great Plains may not be bountiful for the Gnolls in every way—but it is the widest tract of land imaginable outside of Zeikhal. How many Hives could be built there?”
“You’d cede Izril to the Antinium?”
Venaz had returned. He spoke sharply, and Niers threw a crumb at him.
“Not at all. But if the Drakes are jumping the Gnolls, it’s only fair they get to watch their tails. Not just them. The Five Families haven’t gone to war seriously in centuries. But if the Drakes are fighting the Gnolls, they can damn well watch the Antinium and the North. And other Chandrarian nations, even Terandrians, foreign Balerosian companies who want a piece of them—”
He was grinning like a little bloody monster as he laid out a different scenario. Niers’ voice dropped like a [Magician] preparing for his big trick.
