8.79
Page 24
“That is not their child! Those two worthless, vagabond, child-stealing harpies without an ounce of care for Mrsha their entire lives—let go of me! I will have them drawn and quartered! I will call the wrath of Calanfer down on all of them! All of—”
The next twenty minutes were filled with nothing but Lyonette cursing, kicking, and shouting such profanity that even Wilovan and Ratici, no strangers to foul language, were offended. Even Xif, an [Alchemist], was impressed.
Then the [Princess] calmed down.
“We’re leaving Oteslia. Now. Where is Cire?”
“Getting ready, Your Highness.”
The [Princess]’ eyes rolled upwards, and Ser Dalimont hesitated. He was considering trying to talk her out of it again, insist they go alone—and Ser Sest and Ser Lormel looked like they were thinking of the same. But one look and Dalimont closed his mouth.
He was still shaking with relief after seeing Princess Seraphel riding out to break Ailendamus’ lines. If anything had kept Lyonette—it was watching the end of her nation. And for Cire to get ready himself. But it was beyond time.
“Take me to him.”
Wall Lord Ilvriss had left the city. Magnolia Reinhart had stayed, but the carriage had already left—as had Rafaema and Mivifa. So Lyonette just strode out of her mansion to the one meeting that mattered.
 
——
 
The rulers of Oteslia were not just the First Gardener and [Generals]. They were also the Council of [Druids]. Even a number of high-level Drakes and Gnolls in other roles.
However, today, Cirediel Anvi’dualln Olicuemerdn had only called for the ones with any war capacity. So the First Gardener, Shaerrha Brasswing, had granted this oddly formal audience.
She was already under a lot of stress, and Hunt Commander Makhir was going insane upon realizing that Rafaema was missing. Manus itself was on the march with a vast, vast army to protect their Dragon.
And here was Cire. He had insisted on the meeting, gone as far as to threaten to shout his true nature from the rooftops of Oteslia if he didn’t get it.
Was that how he convinced Mivifa to take Rafaema north? The First Gardener didn’t know her exact location, but she had spotted the Pegasus going north, and Pallass had confirmed Mivifa had flown past their walls, but little else.
He’d probably sworn on a truth spell he’d do it, too. Dead gods. Dead gods and Ancestors. Shaerrha had heard that Cire had done this before, but it was the first time he’d been this out of control.
The worst part was that he meant it. So she’d humored him. He probably had an idea for the war or some strategy. She had given him fifteen minutes to make his pitch and summoned everyone—but she had not been ready for Lyonette du Marquin and her Thronebearers to attend.
“Cirediel! What is this?”
One of Oteslia’s [Generals] rose slightly. She stared at Lyonette, who gave them a very proper, if somewhat harried bow. She looked—emotional. Flushed, and Cire was clearly nervous.
“She has to be here. She needs to be—because I need Oteslia to go to war. Or not war? I need an army. We’re going to the Meeting of Tribes to rescue that kid on television! What’s her name! The white one!”
“Mrsha.”
Lyonette whispered to him, and Cire nodded.
“Mrsha!”
“Oh dead gods.”
The Watch Captain, who also controlled the Pegasus Riders, put his head in his claws. Everyone looked at Cire, from the amused [Druids] to the serious strategists and military leaders. All of them knew Cire’s nature. And all of them knew his…personality.
Shaerrha gazed at Lyonette with frank disappointment. Disappointment and a grudging, bitter admiration.
