8.79
Page 30
Admiral Asale and Femar looked up from shouting at each other. They were under attack? There was still time to call it off. Was Oteslia mad? Zeres’ army was right here, and Liscor was under contract. A war would be idiocy with their forces marching on the Gnolls.
It was good strategy, mind you, but it wasn’t Oteslia’s way. They didn’t have the damned Cyclops leading them. But then they saw the Pegasi.
It looked like at least four hundred were flying over the walls. Over the walls, Drakes and Gnolls riding them, brandishing weapons, and hundreds more on the way. Then Asale saw the gates open and Oteslia’s army come pouring out of the gates.
“Ancestors.”
Sharkcaptain Femar breathed. He raised his spear.
“Sound the battle-alert!”
“Sound the retreat!”
Asale shouted over him. The Admiral of the Land was running their way as Zeres’ forces ran around. Femar looked at him—then he saw a second gate open and more Oteslian troops come pouring out the second land-bridge across their lake. The Sharkcaptain’s eyes opened wide.
“Fall back! Fall back now!”
An army came pouring out of Oteslia as Zeres’ siege came to an abrupt and shocking end. Femar looked back in disbelief as Asale communicated with Zeres. The Serpentine Matriarch was not happy, but directed them to avoid a battle—it looked like all of Oteslia was coming their way.
“We’re linking up with the forces attacking the Gnolls. I don’t know what Oteslia is up to—but they’re mustering towards that way too. We need to get to Zeres before they decide to feed you to their pigeons. Tell Liscor we’re going north! They should have been here already—they’ve been odd all day. Probably more news from their home city.”
The Admiral of Supply snapped at Femar. Oteslia was on the move. And riding and flying ahead of them were Cirediel, the Earth Dragon of Oteslia, and the 6th Princess of Calanfer, Lyonette du Marquin. Headed straight for her daughter.
 
——
 
Word of Oteslia’s army on the march and Zeres’ retreat reached the other Walled Cities on the go. And that was all of them save Pallass.
Pallass, the City of Invention, had declined to send any force of Drakes aside from ordering the few hundred that had gone with the Raskghar back towards the Meeting of Tribes.
Every other Walled City had sent a force, and they had absorbed the other Drake cities’ armies, taking command.
Salazsar, Fissival, Zeres, Manus, and now Oteslia.
Five armies. Not since the Antinium Wars had so many Drake [Soldiers] been congregating around a target. That it was the Gnolls of Izril…boded.
The Gnoll [Soldiers] in every army were tense, and most had elected to send all Drakes if possible. Wall Lord Ilvriss could only imagine what it was like in Fissival’s forces. If they were wise, they’d send no Gnolls at all.
He was riding with their [Sapphire Guard General], an odd pick from the Walled City. He was an excellent defensive candidate, and it was probably because he had been sent with a sizable force to affect Ilvriss’ return with the other Salazsar dignitaries.
Or maybe because they knew Ilvriss was here. In which case the Wall Lord and [General]’s Skills synergized very well indeed.
Either way—they were not headed towards Salazsar. In fact, the Erchirite Spears and other specialists that Ilvriss’ personal retinue had brought along with a lot of Gemscale’s own forces had bolstered the Walled City’s general muster. Ilvriss was in command.
Or rather, he was negotiating his command as they rode. General Greex was a cautious Drake.
