8.79
Page 32
“I’ll be able to be as…open as I need to be. Especially if we’re meeting to stop an impending war between Salazsar and Manus or Zeres. I will take us to the brink of conflict by marching my forces between Gnolls and them if I have to.”
Nerul whistled as Osthia’s gaze brightened.
“Now that’s brinkmanship. Very well, Nephew. I’ll get you that moment if I have to go up against Asale himself. Onwards.”
Salazsar’s forces kept moving. They had sent less than sixty thousand, but a good number were the Gemstone Regiments and the finest Drakes. Ilvriss had asked any cities to send their forces to join his, but he was hopeful Oteslia would join him. Lyonette…he nodded back towards the City of Growth in the distance.
He hoped she would be able to help. They had no [Innkeeper] with a white flag, but Ilvriss had learned from her inn, and Erin Solstice’s best [Barmaid] might be able to do what even a [Princess] could not. How else had she moved the City of Growth to war?
Then Ilvriss saw Greex galloping back towards him and urged his horse forwards. The [General] was pale-faced, and the Wall Lord cursed as he heard surprising—and unexpected news.
“Wall Lord! Fissival is under attack! They’re—retreating from the battlefield!”
“What?”
Fissival? Ilvriss’ eyes widened, and he realized they had one more factor to consider. A rogue Titan on the loose.
 
——
 
Dragonspeaker Luciva was incredulous as she listened to the news. Manus’ army was moving into the Great Plains on full alert, and Spearmaster Lulv had finally caught up. The Gnoll stalked into the war tent after the security checks.
“Fissival just lost a battle?”
“Lulv. There you are. No Antinium poisons or toxins?”
General Milka turned to him, helmet under one arm. The Gnoll just ducked his head.
“I can’t make any excuses. The Antinium…”
“…can level. We will address it, Lulv. You found out what you needed to and returned to us. But there is no future to plan for. Not without Rafaema.”
The Gnoll bared his teeth.
“Oteslia’s lost her, those idiots; they’re chasing their own Dragon now, and no one knows where she went?”
“Makhir suspects north, but he has to track her on foot. He suspects Reinhart or that [Princess] did something to her. We’re chasing down all leads, but Cire gave him nothing, and he could not put her to the question.”
Luciva was nearly breathing lightning herself, but she controlled her voice.
“Rafaema has changed. She has her reasons. We must trust them—but Ferris is not with her. He’s been sighted in the Meeting of Tribes.”
“Dragonblood.”
Lulv’s curse summed it up. Either way…Manus was moving to war. Cire was almost as important as Rafaema, but the blunt truth of it was that there was a great victory to be had in the Gnoll Plains.
Or a disaster. The worst thing that could happen was the other Walled Cities each losing an army to the Gnolls. Or the Tribes uniting and siding with the Antinium.
Manus was—faced with a decision. And Lulv’s eyes on the Dragonspeaker said he knew exactly what the options were.
“Permission to speak, Dragonspeaker?”
“Always, Spearmaster.”
“Who are we attacking?”
The Dragonspeaker only hesitated a moment.
“Whichever tribe is coming closest to victory—if they have won by the time we arrive, we gauge which one it is. Otherwise? We may attack—selectively.”
“Ah. And which ones don’t we want?”
