8.79
Page 15
“It is true. We were there. Chieftain Eitha—I have returned. From as far north as the Village of the Dead to give witness. Mrsha did not cause the dungeon attacks. Nor Raskghar. Some of the accidents were simply from having a dungeon under Liscor. Some were even—our fault.”
Larr of Vuliel Drae. The Gnoll [Ranger] raised his voice, and Krshia saw the entire team there.
The Silver-ranked team of Vuliel Drae. Insill, their [Rogue], Larr the Gnollish [Ranger], the half-Dwarf woman with a beard, Anith the Jackal Beastkin [Mage], and…a one-handed woman with a katana.
Pekona, the [Blade Dancer]. And they had been on the news in some capacity too.
“Larr?”
Chieftain Eitha turned to one of her Gnolls who had gone to seek glory and gold, and Larr bowed his head to her. He turned, and Anith spoke up.
“We are Vuliel Drae, and we caused one of the incidents you all saw. The—Face-Eater Moth swarm? No white Gnoll caused that. Just adventurers foolish enough to try and destroy their nest. Sometimes fate or curses are not needed, [Shaman]. Sometimes it is just—idiocy.”
He bowed to the surprised Ulcre and looked around. Gnolls gazed as a cousin-species in Anith, the dark-furred Jackal from Baleros, the leader of Vuliel Drae, turned to Chieftain Eitha.
“Indeed—I can personally attest to the fact that one Human was known to be the cause of many incidents. And if there is great wrong done? Great deeds were done too! A Goblin Lord met his end at Liscor! A door that crosses Invrisil to Pallass was found there, and an Adult Creler was slain by a Silver-rank team!”
Mrsha was staring at the familiar team, wide-eyed. Yet…they were not the team she wanted. The Horns of Hammerad, Griffon Hunt, the Halfseekers—she’d even take the Silver Swords or any other Gold-rank team over them. She missed them. Big Moore, funny Pisces…Anith noticed Mrsha. He ducked his head.
“…We came south as fast as we could to attend the Meeting of Tribes. It was a long road for any team heading south from Invrisil. My team came to let Larr meet with his tribe. And I, to beg to study magic from Krshia Silverfang’s gift. A book of spells the likes of which no library in the world has dreamed of, even Wistram!”
The Jackal Beastkin met Mrsha’s gaze, then he pointed at Krshia, and the [Shopkeeper] blinked. Everyone turned back to Krshia, and someone else spoke up.
“Yes. Krshia Silverfang not only revealed that the Drakes had stolen our magic, she brought another great secret before the Meeting of Tribes. Twice, she has been right! Is this a coincidence? Chieftains, are your ears filled with wax? Are we fools or going to doubt Silverfang a third time? I know I am not. I have had enough with tradition and fools giving us wrong counsel. By accident and ignorance, bound up in tradition—or on purpose.”
Someone sprang to their feet. Krshia Silverfang saw a short Gnoll, almost scrawny. Until she began to grow.
Chieftain Werri of the Woven Bladegrass tribe tore a sword from its sheath and pointed it at Krshia.
“Woven Bladegrass stands with Silverfang!”
“Chieftain Werri! Do not be deceived!”
Ulcre bellowed, but Werri just tossed her head.
“Is it I who is deceived or you, Ulcre? Or do I not spy even Steelfur’s great warrior, Adetr, over yonder?”
She pointed, and Adetr Steelfur looked at Iraz. The Steelfur’s Chieftain spoke calmly, staring at his nephew.
“I do not know what madness has taken hold of Adetr, but he is not our tribe. Nor is he Steelfur’s Chieftain or [Shaman], Chieftain Werri. Our tribes do not see eye-to-eye, but do not make a great mistake.”
Werri spun, teeth bared.
