8.79
Page 37
Ratici and Wilovan stood on Oteslia’s walls. Rickel was watching Lyonette and waving, but the Gentlemen Callers said nothing as they watched the [Princess] go. They had their hats in their hands, but not in an ungentlemanly way.
“We should be going with her, Wilovan. It doesn’t sit right with me, nor any good fellow, I should wager. To let a young woman go to a war with only that polished lot around her.”
Ratici opined after a moment. Wilovan patted his top hat.
“A polished lot, and poncy too. But you must admit, they’re a fair hand at their job, Ratici. They put us in our place, as it were. We are not cut out for the bodyguarding duty.”
“No. I don’t believe we’ll be taking another contract like that.”
“I should say not.”
The two stood there, and neither one moved. Though both knew that if the one charged down the steps and ran after the other army, the other would follow in a moment.
They did not. It was not cowardice nor a healthy survival instinct that made them stay their feet. They had both, it was true. But they would have gone and already been there. But for her. But for a few words.
“Not you. Not this time.”
The 6th [Princess] of Calanfer had stopped them at the gates. Wilovan’s lips moved.
“Not you.”
 
——
 
“If that child dies, I will not be able to live with myself, Miss Marquin. There is a time when every fellow must walk his walk and pay any dues. We’re bound to this.”
The [Princess] put a hand on Wilovan’s chest, and he halted, his fancy new suit glittering with magic and fine silk.
“Not you, Wilovan.”
She repeated herself. Wilovan saw Ratici glance up from adjusting his cap.
“You’ll surely have need for two fellows decent at their jobs, Miss Lyonette. Even with an army.”
“But I have an army, Ratici. I have no doubt you’re better than most! But I have my [Knights], and they are sworn to me and trained for open combat. What do you have?”
“Well, if you would be so good as to reapply Wilovan’s very handy blessing, and give me one if you can, if that Goblin has no need of it—”
Lyonette was shaking her head.
“No, Ratici. Tell me—how many times is this?”
“How many times…what?”
They had such uncomprehending looks on their faces that Lyonette knew they had to be faking it.
“How many times have you jumped into certain death? Not just since the Titan hired you, but since Erin died? You promised to make it up to her.”
“A promise we will keep.”
“How many times? How many times do you have to nearly die before it’s time? Will one of you die? Both? The Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings died fighting in Liscor. So many—you kept your word. How much longer?”
“A gentleman does not count, Miss Lyonette.”
Wilovan touched his head gallantly, but Lyonette just wiped at her eyes.
“No. If you were silly [Knights] wearing plate armor, I’d accept. If I were actually paying you…but you two fight in the center of it. I won’t allow it. Not this time. I have an entire army, and if they fail but for the Gentlemen Callers’ presence—that is a shame. But not you two. Stay with Rickel. Keep that ‘Second Gardener’ from attacking me. Go home once you can. However, I forbid you from following me. I absolve you of your debt. It has been paid a dozen times over. If you ever find yourself in need—it is Calanfer and The Wandering Inn who will honor that debt. That is my last word.”
Then she turned and rode away. The Gentlemen Callers could have followed her. But they didn’t.
 
——
 
“A child’s life is at stake, Wilovan. If she should die, I don’t believe I’d ever have the gall to put a hat on my head and call myself a fine fellow.”
