8.79
Page 12
A [Chieftain] jerked as she looked around. Chieftain Firrelle, almost eight feet tall, a giant, superior Gnoll to the rest of her kind, looked up at Gireulashia. The scant hundreds of Ekhtouch looked up. They had been mourning less than ten of their warriors who’d died; a terrible blow to their tribe.
Gireulashia stood there, her red fur gleaming as she raised her arms. Gnolls looked at her as the fifteen-year-old girl shouted.
“I will not stand by while we fall for Plains Eye’s trickery! Did you not hear the Earth Elemental shouting the truth? Join me and tear the blindfold from our eyes!”
Her words were fiery, but Firrelle called back slowly.
“Your judgment, young Gire, is compromised. All know that you have made friends with the little Doombringer. She has corrupted your mind and your training. You are not a Chieftain.”
Ekhtouch’s Gnolls looked from Firrelle to Gire. In answer, the [Paragon] pointed at Mrsha. Eight Gnolls had raced out of cover and were holding shields in front of her, pulling her back.
“A child has the Skills or ability to corrupt me? Are you doubting Ekhtouch’s blood that much, Firrelle? Do I see you whispering with Xherw? Are you afraid to oppose Plain’s Eye, or has he bought your loyalty? I am your [Paragon]. I was born to lead you all, and that day is now.”
She struck her chest, and Firrelle bared her teeth. Ever since that moment Gire had opposed her in private, picked her up and shook her—she pointed at Gire.
“You are not ready, and your naivete shows that. I am your [Chieftain]. Step away from these Gnolls, Gireulashia!”
Gire looked at her with genuine surprise. Even for such a smart Gnoll—she still had a moment where she looked hurt and let down. But she shook her head.
“No. You are the one who is too cowardly to do what is right, Firrelle. I am sorry you cannot find the courage. But if you cannot—I, Gire, challenge you for the title of Chieftain of Ekhtouch. Face me. I will beat you with one paw tied behind my back if I must.”
Ekhtouch Gnolls gasped. They looked to Firrelle, and she rose, trembling with fury. Gire looked down at her.
She could not have half as many levels as Firrelle. But she did have about…a foot and probably at least a hundred pounds. And she was the [Paragon]. Trained by their finest warriors to be the best.
Firrelle hesitated. She looked at Gire for a long moment in silence, as she wavered. Then she bared her teeth.
“I do not accept challenges from a child who has not even reached adulthood! Ekhtouch warriors—reclaim Gire!”
Her bodyguard looked at each other and then Gire. Half rose—and Gire reached down and plucked an axe from her belt. She held the two-handed axe in one paw.
“Are you a coward, Firrelle? I said—I challenge you. If you will not heed it, then I will come to you.”
She began to stride across the ground, and dozens of Gnolls drew their blades. Gire halted, a look of pained confusion on her face as Firrelle’s friends and allies in her tribe surrounded her.
Dozens of Gnolls, outnumbering the lone [Paragon]. They might not be as great as her—but they had the same heritage. Gire hesitated as some began to advance towards her, moving left and right. But then they halted as their kin tore axes and blades free of their holsters. A Gnoll raised a bow and put an arrow into the ground right in front of another Gnoll’s boot, so close that it vibrated against the tip of his foot as it struck the earth.
