8.79
Page 46
“I guessed. Just as I guessed there were more Doombearers in Izril. What are you proving, Shaman Ulcre? That they are responsible for doom? Or—that they are in hiding because they fear being killed to justify your own ends? This is a [Merchant] known across Izril. She has been here for decades. Has she brought a terrible doom wherever she travels? I think not.”
“She deceives us all!”
“Because you will kill her if she does not hide! No wonder she risked her life to protect Mrsha! No wonder—if just revealing her is enough to get her killed! Why do you think this is such a grand gesture, Ulcre? Now we have two Gnolls, and one with an entire history who can explain why she gained her white fur. If anything—I call on Qwera, the Golden Gnoll, to testify her life’s story!”
Torishi roared. She saw the look of triumph on Ulcre’s face vanish. Confusing. Confusing…why was he so naive? Did he think they were all idiots? Or—Torishi looked at the tense, afraid look on Qwera’s face as Ysara, Vetn, and Tesy tried to get in front of her. She gazed at Xherw and Ulcreziek, and her eyes widened.
“Oh. That is why. I was too late, wasn’t I? We all were. That is…why.”
Even Ulcre didn’t follow her. But Xherw’s stare was uneasy. Torishi looked around blankly and staggered. Every Gnoll followed her as she looked around.
“Chieftain?”
Feshi supported Torishi as the Weatherfur Gnoll almost fell. Torishi rested her arm on Feshi’s shoulder. Then she turned. And her expression was pained.
“I see it now. Oh, I see it. We walked here. We did this.”
Her voice was despairing. Grief-stricken. She gazed at Xherw, and now she was looking past him. Trying to see straight into the past. Theikha lowered her head as Torishi called out, anguished.
“My people! Hear me! I understand now. Today, Gnolls do not stand at a crossroads of great choice. This is not the hour when the fate of the innocent or guilty wars with tradition and the truth!”
It wasn’t? It sure sounded like it to everyone. Iraz was blinking at Torishi, and even her allies didn’t follow. Not right away. Torishi rotated slowly in place, gazing over them all. This Meeting of Tribes in the Waning World. And she wondered how vast the other one had been.
“We have been here before. We have done this before. This is not the hour Gnolls decide the fate of Doombringers. This…this is what came long after. When poorer Gnolls than we, our ancestors, said nothing at all.”
The tribes were uncomprehending at first, but the [Shamans] caught on next. In her tent, Satar pieced the last facts together. Yelroan stared down at dates across centuries. Torishi’s voice trembled.
“Doombringers? We have hunted and feared and reviled them for so long that not even our oldest [Shaman] can remember a time when we did not. Hunt them down. Kill them. We do that—Plain’s Eye most of all, but every tribe has surely known a time when we killed Doombringers. Weatherfur has. But—my people. They are already dead. Why are Doombringers so rare, yet so feared? Why do we devote so much fear to them? The answer is we already slaughtered them.”
She whirled and pointed at Xherw.
“How long? How many? Has the world changed for the better? How many have died? Give me a number and swear on it, Xherw. You know it.”
The Plain’s Eye Chieftain had been willing to swear on any truth stone until now. However, at this, his eyes focused and he hesitated.
“That is surely not—”
Torishi strode towards him.
“How many? How long have we done this? If it is not an important number, say it. How many white Gnolls have your people executed? And why?”
