8.79
Page 45
“Do you think you are the first Gnolls to try? Do you think that girl is as innocent as you claim, Torishi? I truly expected more from a wise Gnoll such as you. Doombringers manipulate. They did not just bring calamity; they lurk in the shadows of the mind. Do you not see how we are divided? They lie in wait, turning us against each other.”
“You spit accusations like facts, Shaman Ulcre.”
The [Shaman of the Eternal Grasslands] had closed one eye. The one he had been born with, that brown eye, was shut tight, and the other one passed from Gnoll to Gnoll, a piercing bright light for a pupil, melded out of countless browns as if every Gnoll before it had passed on their sight, glittered as he stared at Theikha. Then, slowly, turned his gaze.
“Do I? Or are we all still playing into their tricks? Doombringer tricks? This is not the only rot within the Meeting of Tribes. See—they conspire, and I will not let them hide any longer!”
He flung out an arm, and something flew through the air. Torishi whirled, and Krshia shouted and covered Mrsha, turning, as Weatherfur Gnolls howled and went to block whatever Ulcreziek had thrown.
But it was not at Mrsha, and the Gnolls about to charge turned as they saw…liquid…splash across a small group. The liquid made the Gnolls, Human [Merchant], and Drake recoil.
“What the—”
Ysara Byres had slashed at the liquid before dodging most of it. She rubbed at her clothing as Tesy and Vetn ducked it. Someone else had moved out of the way too, and the splatter had only caught them lightly.
Yet…Ysara glanced down at her clothing, which had her merchant’s logo on it as well as the Merchant’s Guild and a lovely, dark blue dye on the tunic. She stared down as the liquid ran from her clothing…and the dye revealed plain cotton beneath. She saw the blue run onto her fingers and heard an oath.
“Oh no. Qwery…”
Slowly, Ysara looked up and saw Vetn gazing up in horror. Tesy pushed himself up, and his eyes went wide. The white-scaled Drake saw Qwera slowly lower the arm she’d used to shield her face. Something dripped from her fur.
Gold paint. Every Gnoll turned to her and saw the Golden Gnoll looking at her arm. The gold dripped off her fur. Of course it did. It was just…gold, after all. And few questioned her true fur; it was that brown patch of fur she showed. Wasn’t it?
Mrsha looked over, eyes wide, as Qwera glanced at her arm, then at Ulcre with a slow, resigned look. Then she lowered her arm, shook off the gold paint, and the stripe of pure white fur beneath shone as Gnolls began to howl and shout. Qwera looked at Mrsha, and the little girl with wide eyes saw the [Merchant] smile sadly.
“I knew I would be hunted till the day I died. By Plain’s Eye. I have lived decades and still. You have to kill me only for surviving.”
She turned to Ulcreziek and Xherw, and the [Shaman] smiled victoriously. He whirled to the others.
“Do you see? Another white Gnoll! This one hidden! They are among us! Did you know, Torishi? Do you not see how they are influencing you?”
He turned to the Weatherfur Chieftain and saw Torishi was standing there, arms folded. Torishi raised a hand and called out among the furor.
“I did not know for certain. But I guessed.”
Huh? The tribes quieted down, and Ulcre’s confident look faded as Torishi glanced at Qwera.
