8.79
Page 33
“Plain’s Eye has long been associated with Pallass and other cities. We can work with them. Their actions are extreme, however. Depending on how they emerge, it might be a boon to all if they become Manus’ enemy. Failing that? Silverfang is disquietingly close with the Antinium. The Woven Bladegrass and Az’muzarre are adversarial. If one were to—vanish or suffer enough losses to disband, that might change the entire distribution of power in the Great Plains.”
She would give the best orders in that moment, and they all knew it. Yet to reassure the Gnoll, Luciva nodded at him.
“But let me be clear, Lulv. I am not seeking the destruction of the Gnolls. The thing I am here to do is make sure no other Walled City is defeated. We cannot lose anyone else of Zel Shivertail’s caliber. Wall Lord Ilvriss, General Greex, Oteslia’s Cire or any of their High Command—the Admiralty of Zeres or the Sharkcaptain.”
“Wall Lord Dragial?”
General Milka asked quietly, and Luciva frowned.
“He is a rogue element and has done enough damage. But Fissival’s magic corps would have been my priority. Trust, Lulv.”
The [Spearmaster] nodded. They’d see how it shook out. He turned to the war table.
“Who took out Fissival? Those Gnoll tribes can’t organize to defeat a Walled City in the field!”
“They didn’t. Or at least, not alone. The Titan just struck them like a hammer.”
Lulv turned his head and cursed. Luciva’s scales crawled as she reviewed the recordings. There was an old saying about great battles like this. Sometimes you had two old enemies. Drakes and Gnolls. Nevermind that the Gnolls were consumed by infighting and the Drake cities each had a different goal, they were two powers. But the thing you had to watch out for was the third power. Sometimes it was just…a roaming warlord far from home with an army.
And this one had just kicked a Walled City in the face.
 
——
 
The Titan of Baleros was in love. He was in love with Mage Throwers.
They were shaped after catapults, ballistae, and other siege weapons but designed to throw magic. So some didn’t obey the laws of physics; others behaved like Drake siege weaponry but just hurled magical firepower.
Some were so strange as to be completely odd, like a wide, serrated turret that simply cast an enlarged [Razorwind Disc] and cut anything in half for two hundred feet.
Devastating weapons that even Baleros’ Great Companies coveted. However, even the continent of war did not have access to both siege construction and great magic. Fissival had both, and so did the Walled Cities, who could match even the House of Minos for the number of siege weapons they fielded, even if quality sometimes varied.
But this. Goblins crawled all over the weapons, almost as enamored as Niers. The Titan eyed his acquisitions as he watched Fissival’s forces retreat.
“Any sign of this Wall Lord Dragial? Or did we only hit their artillery?”
Niers turned to Chieftain Shaik and the Gnoll officers he’d appointed. The Goblin shrugged.
“Got someone. Maybe Lord Drag-tail.”
The Titan of Baleros nodded. He just hummed to himself. He stood on his bloody command pedestal as Bird peered at him.
“You do not seem concerned for someone whose home is under attack.”
“I will not reach it, Bird. So I will finish a battle here and lead an army of Gnolls to Baleros if I must. Even if she’s cornered, Perorn can run, and Foliana can be uncatchable. I have to trust in my people. But I am concerned. I just hide it. Consider this me venting my stress.”
Bird looked at the dead Drakes and the humming Titan. He turned to the others.
