8.79
Page 39
The only other travellers on the road were a simple pair. Parent and child. Mother and daughter, one riding a horse, the other walking along. The other slowly tipped a hat as wide as the sky.
“It has been long since I met anyone else upon these paths. Your business is clearly the most pressing.”
They had been walking. He—running. But the male traveller only bowed deeper.
“I could not interfere with a mother and…daughter.”
A smile was his only reply, and the standoff of politeness ended when the daughter smiled.
“Please go on, sir. My mother is on her own journey, but she sometimes wanders. Do you have somewhere you need to be?”
He hesitated.
“Yes. Thank you, then.”
He edged around the two and hurried on his way. He smelled still of blood and bandages and ointments, and his garb was ragged and he walked with a staff in hand, passing them, then accelerating. Hurry, hurry…
They were going the same way. But the two, parent and child, watched the other traveller go. The daughter turned to the mother and saw Belavierr tapping her lips.
“Mother? Is he not a nice man?”
“I do not know. Nice is not a term that has much meaning, my daughter. I did not think to see anyone at the Crossroads of Issrysil. We will depart them.”
Maviola tilted her head back and forth, like a funny skeleton she’d once met.
“I thought we had to hurry, Mother?”
“Yes…we are leaving this place.”
The ringed gaze as old as this place followed the traveller as he hurried onwards, too wise to look back. And far too wise to step off the road. She nudged her other ancient companion, and the horse followed her to a waypoint.
“Why, Mother? Won’t it be longer?”
Belavierr the Stitch Witch nodded, but she kept leading them off the long road. She kept glancing around.
“It may be. But we shall arrive soon. We are nearly there, and sometimes the road is shorter when not taken.”
That was confusing, but Maviola accepted it. She kicked her legs, humming as Belavierr went on, glancing around…nervously? What could make her afraid?
“Besides. If there are travellers once more, perhaps…no. Just in case.”
“What are you afraid of, Mother?”
The Stitch Witch hurried her daughter away before anyone else found her. Especially anyone who could retroactively collect debts.
“…There used to be a road toll.”
 
——
 
Hurry, hurry. You had only hours. Now minutes. Perhaps seconds.
Satar Silverfang was working on a story. It was difficult because it was not her story, and if you got it wrong…the words vanished. She looked at what she had, and the facts, and the story that she did not know.
 
The white Gnoll came to the tribe that lived among the Hills of Albez. The tribe was Knocte. When the white Gnoll came, they did not heed the warnings and ______________. The beast fell among them when the white Gnoll left and killed them one by one. While it lay sleeping, a __________ crept up on it, stabbed it, and, after a great battle, killed it.
 
She didn’t have to get it perfectly right, but she had to understand where all the pieces fit together. And she nearly had it.
Doombearers, not Doombringer. The passage accepted that word, where it erased all mentions of ‘Doombringer’. Because that name was a lie. White Gnoll worked because it was true, and that was how the [Shamans] had lied or been deceived.
 
The Doombearer came to the Knocte tribe that lived among the Hills of Albez.
 
That was the truth of the old story. The question was—what had happened next? Satar wrestled with her quill.
 
The Doombearer came to the Knocte tribe that lived among the Hills of Albez. They brought doom.
 
The last words vanished.
 
