8.79
Page 51
Krshia howled, and the Raskghar tried to rise. She had battered Demas Metal armor on her, and Ulcre’s heart began to pound as he saw someone charge out of the crowd.
Moore. The half-Giant. He looked far different than Mrsha remembered. A lot sadder. A lot scarier. Even the thorns on his magical armor had changed from green growth to red, cruel thorns mixed with blood.
Nokha leapt to her feet, clenching her claws into fists, but the half-Giant just charged at her. Nokha looked up at him and turned to run, but vines shot out of the ground laced with countless miring thorns. They ensnared her, and she howled with agony as they tore at her, stronger than steel rope.
Birevine. The Gaarh Marsh [Shamans] recognized the infamous plant a second before Moore hit Nokha. He swung a hand covered in razor-sharp thorns, and the crack of it meeting her face was eclipsed by a howl. Nokha went down, and Moore kicked her into the Az’muzarre warriors. They raised their blades, but backed away as the half-Giant stormed forwards. Nokha tried to rise, and Moore stomped one boot into her back. He kept stomping as Seborn, Prha, Mrell, and the Demas Metal tribe followed.
Nokha finally managed to roll out of the way and rose in time for Moore’s fist to cut open her chin. He raised her overhead as the Raskghar reeled and slammed her straight down.
“Moore?”
Insill covered his eyes as the half-Giant bellowed. The Raskghar’s blood was everywhere as she tried to run, but he put one foot on her neck, pressing with all his weight on it.
“Wait. Moore.”
“No more, Seborn. She’ll threaten no one again.”
The Drowned Man had to shove at Moore with all his strength. Mrsha watched Nokha’s bones creaking as the half-Giant stood there.
Jelaqua Ivirith was just watching calmly. No sympathy for Nokha. Seborn spoke louder.
“We have to know how she got there.”
Moore eased the tension on his foot, just a bit. Reizet was spluttering.
“How did a Raskghar get into the Meeting of Tribes? Was one freed?”
“No. One appeared in my tent. It nearly killed us but for the adventurers. A Raskghar—who slipped through the entire Meeting of Tribes unseen.”
Mrell was dead white under his fur. He looked around—and then his gaze and every other fell onto someone.
Xherw. Nokha was staring up at them, barely conscious, as the Plain’s Eye Chieftain gave them a look that revealed nothing.
“I have no idea how that Raskghar got there. Nor have I personally seen her in my life.”
“Lies!”
Prha howled, but Xherw was unmoved. Torishi’s eyes slowly narrowed.
“You may not. But what about you, Shaman Ulcreziek? You look nervous.”
“Why would I know of a Raskghar?”
He snarled back. The Weatherfur Chieftain saw Moore drag Nokha up and shake her.
“Who sent you?”
“Forgiveness. Mercy. Promise me I live?”
The bloody Raskghar whispered through broken teeth. Moore’s eyes flashed, but before he could do anything—someone called out.
“She was the Plains Eye’s prisoner. I saw her put in chains. She was our prisoner. But somehow she is now free. I will swear it before the tribes.”
The final actors of the play were arriving. Chief Warrior Merish and Yelroan slowly walked through the Gnolls. Friends, his own tribe—staring at him with horror. Now, Xherw turned, and his look was surprised for the first time. And betrayed.
But it wasn’t a match for the way Merish looked at him. He stared at Nokha.
“I saw her captured with my own eyes. A band of Raskghar who infiltrated the Meeting of Tribes. I saw this one chained, the only survivor. How did she get free? Chieftain? Shaman Ulcreziek?”
