8.79
Page 55
The [Witch] was doing her…smile as she passed out samples of her work. She was peering around.
“Maybe it has ended? I do not see many great tribes. What happened to the Fatepaws Tribe? Hm. Dear, dear…excuse me. Would you like a sample? I have fine sewing to offer. You may find it improves your levels if you work hard. You have some promise, young woman.”
She passed a spindle of thread to Honored Deskie. The old Gnoll began to wave Belavierr off.
“Not now. Are you out of your—”
Then she looked over and went silent. The [Magical Weaver] met the gaze of Belavierr, and the Stitch Witch put a spindle into her hand and patted it.
“I have very reasonable prices. Excuse me, Mister [Tanner]? You may wish to take a visit to…”
Like a bad comedy, even Xherw, even Ulcreziek and all the greatest Chieftains slowly looked around at the Stitch Witch. She didn’t pay attention to the moment—or if she did, she thought she was being unobtrusive.
She had seen greater dramas. Greater evil and good. She was the Witch in so many stories she had lost count. Mrsha turned, and the little girl let go of Qwera and Wer’s paws. She stared at Belavierr in horror and then—
At the young woman smiling and offering trinkets behind her mother. She looked so familiar…Mrsha began to shake.
Belaiverr began to notice the attention amid the dead silence and stares. She straightened up.
“Excuse me. I hope I’m not getting in the way? I am Belavierr, a humble [Witch] selling my craft.”
She smiled awkwardly, with that forced look of someone trying to make a sale. Then one eye drifted left. Tracing something in the air with an eerie focus that made even the Gazer, Suxhel, shudder. It floated across the flinching Gnolls, past Shaman Theikha, who recognized her.
Even Khoteizetrough, who turned slowly as he sensed the Spider. With visible unease in the Earth Elemental. But Belavierr’s eye, the one that had not been stabbed out, slowly wobbled and wavered, floating around and tracing the string she had been following all this way.
And there she was. Mrsha. The Stitch Witch locked eyes with Mrsha. She recoiled—and then her eyes lit up with malice.
“Hello, little nemesis of mine. Would you kindly die for me? I had hoped you already were rotting in the grave.”
Everyone looked at Mrsha, and Krshia tried to shield her. Tkrn was shaking as he lifted shield and sword, but Belavierr ignored Torishi, Feshi, and Theikha herself. She whispered at Mrsha, in a little [Immortal Moment].
“…But do not worry, my dear. I promised my first daughter I would not harm you with spell or Skill or by any other means for thirty years. She even demanded I not speak to you, but I have the right to tell you of our pact and make my oath. Thirty years. Count each one, because on the thirtieth year I will remember you and return, and we shall have a reckoning. Find [Heroes] and great [Archmages], for I shall curse you until the day your ghost wails for oblivion.”
Mrsha was shaking, but she managed to lift a paw and make a familiar gesture. Belavierr’s eyes narrowed—but then she straightened and, as if nothing had happened, beamed around. She ignored Mrsha, as if the Gnoll had suddenly vanished. For thirty years. But a terrible malice leaked out of the corner of her eyes.
“Excuse me, I appear to have intervened in an important moment in the Meeting of Tribes. I will simply advertise my shop, which I intend to run for a week. Please consider inquiring if you have a wish. I can provide services even Djinni cannot. If you wish for something, it can be done. For a price.”
