8.79
Page 41
It wasn’t just pure gold. In fact, regular Gnolls paid almost the exact same salt prices as their Silverfang and Weatherfur counterparts. But where it mattered—big trades, notable, outstandingly lucrative deals—Plain’s Eye shot ahead.
Not just that. Less Gnolls suffered tragedy. It had taken some doing to isolate those records from Weatherfur’s sometimes verbal accounts of how many Gnolls might perish in a year due to freak accidents. Disease. Pure chance.
If he saw this at another time, Yelroan would have assumed it had something to do with Ulcre or Xherw’s classes. Or just the leader of Plain’s Eye.
Now, though, he had a supposition. And the Gnoll dug back further.
“How long ago was this?”
It hadn’t been in Xherw’s generation. Nor before that. When had they gotten preferential treatment at Pallass and other Drake cities? Yelroan noted something down—a lack of tariffs that Silverfang accounted for. All of it was crystalizing in his mind, and it had one word.
“Luck.”
Now, though, he needed the rest. Records of Doombringers killed. Not even he had that, and if Xherw ordered Doomslayer teams quietly, could he even find…?
“Yelroan. Why are you here?”
The blonde Gnoll squeezed his eyes shut. He’d been listening as hard as he could, but he had focused too long without checking behind him. And a warrior learned how to sneak up on even his own kind.
He turned, slowly, and saw a dagger first. A Gnoll wearing glowing, magical markings on his fur.
“Merish.”
Only his friend would have thought to check Yelroan’s tent. Merish had seen better days. He looked worn down. Exhausted by chasing Mrsha across the continent and his encounter with the Titan. Uncertain.
He had been there when Khoteizetrough spoke. Their quarrel there was not done. Still…he had stayed with his tribe.
“You’ve betrayed Plain’s Eye. What are you doing?”
Yelroan just began stuffing files into his bag of holding.
“Looking for the truth. The numbers don’t lie. It’s been here all along. Xherw’s secret. I’ve just been blind.”
“Stop.”
Merish seized Yelroan’s shoulder, and his paw tightened on the dagger. Yelroan just looked at his friend.
“We’re far, far too far to stop, Merish. What are you doing? Don’t you see who’s opposing Xherw? It’s all falling apart. Even you have to feel it.”
“Shut up. Just—you’re being manipulated. Even Shaman Theikha is. That’s what Ulcreziek says.”
Yelroan laughed in his face, but softly—both were watching the tent flaps, and Merish had come alone.
“Manipulated? By a girl so young she runs around on all fours? Merish! Don’t you realize it? Or do I have to spell it out for you? Xherw’s mysterious power? The Doombearers? It is all connected.”
“No. No…Xherw told me he’d reveal—and if it is—he can’t have lied to us.”
Merish’s face was a look of anguish as he wrestled with the very foundation of their tribe. He was truly Plain’s Eye. Yelroan…thought it was easier for him. He had never been truly accepted.
Without a word, he turned back to his work. He needed one last thing. One last proof that he didn’t need to explain. It had to be buried here.
He waited, imagining the unkind kiss of metal in his ribs. How painful would it be? His voice shook.
“If you’re going to do it, Merish—”
He pulled more documents out of a file, bent lower, and flinched as a shadow passed over him. Yelroan waited, arms frozen. For a long, long time, Merish stood there. Then he slowly pulled open a drawer.
“…What are you looking for?”
Yelroan gazed upwards. Without a word, he motioned, and Merish ducked down. The [Mathematician] murmured.
