8.79
Page 50
The Raskghar would survive. She always did. But before she left—she wondered if Mrsha’s parents would taste like her.
She wanted to know what the little Gnoll’s face would be when Nokha told her. She lifted one arm, drooling, and the male Gnoll thrust himself forwards.
“Prha, sound the alarm!”
Too late. The tent was soundproofed, and that [Shaman] had even enchanted the cloth walls. There was no easy way out, and they had no time. Nokha laughed as she advanced. She saw the two quarreling Gnolls turn and freeze as they gazed at her.
Someone tapped Nokha on the back, and she ignored it. Then she froze and swung around. She slashed—but the Drowned Man was already sliding backwards.
Half of his face looked like it was made out of chitin. Like…a crab. Indeed, one of his claws was a pincer, but his Human hand and his Drowned half both held daggers that glowed in the dark tent.
Seborn Sailwinds nodded to Nokha as the Raskghar froze with surprise and sudden—terrible fear. His voice was deep and echoed slightly as the two Gnolls stared at the Gold-rank adventurer in confusion. Mrell thought he recognized the Drowned Man. Wasn’t he from up north? As far north as the Village of the Dead. Just like…
Vuliel Drae. Seborn had been there a day. But he’d been waiting.
“Hello, Nokha. I’ve been praying for you.”
The Raskghar saw the Drowned Man grin as the [Faith Seeker]’s prayers were answered. He had wanted to meet Nokha. But then—so had someone else.
The Raskghar whirled, but too late. The far side of Mrell’s tent exploded inwards as a hand reached through. A hand covered in blossoming red vines that dripped sap that looked like blood grabbed Nokha, and the half-Giant’s palm was covered in thorns. He closed it over her arm, and Nokha looked up into Moore’s face.
The [Bloodearth Mage] slowly rose from where he’d been hiding as Nokha made a small sound in the back of her throat.
 
——
 
Jelaqua Ivirith strode into the Meeting of Tribes with Ulinde, and the two Selphids caused an uproar.
“Raskghar!”
Gnolls howled as they saw the two familiar, loping bodies, and Ulinde hesitated, but the Selphid just raised her hand. She said the same thing she’d been repeating for the last seven minutes, since they emerged from the tent they’d been hiding in when Seborn sent the signal. They had come in as Drakes and changed for dramatic effect.
And a fight. The Selphid called out as the Gnolls realized what was different.
“Dead Raskghar.”
Xherw, Ulcre, Torishi, and every other Gnoll whirled as Mrsha caught a familiar scent of preservatives, dead flesh, and Selphid, and her ears rose. Her tail began to wag, and she saw the Gold-rank adventurer stride forwards, armored in steel made by Maughin of Pallass.
“The Halfseekers!”
Krshia exclaimed. Jelaqua Ivirith winked at Mrsha.
“Sorry we’re late. We had to go lay a trap for a nasty beastie. Seborn’s been having visions. There you are, Mrsha. Your real mother’s looking for you.”
“What is this? A Selphid wearing a Raskghar’s body?”
Reizet roared in outrage, but before she could demand her guards remove Jelaqua, there was more shouting.
“Raskghar! Raskghar!”
“Calm them down. It’s a Selphid.”
Iraz snapped, but then he heard it, coming from the other direction.
“Raskghar and a half-Giant—”
Then Iraz saw a flying Raskghar. Krshia, Mrsha, and every Gnoll looked up as a Raskghar landed, and Gnolls backed out of the way. She was covered in blood, but Mrsha’s eyes went wide with horror as she recognized—
“Nokha!”
