8.79
Page 42
“The only link I can find. No tariffs. Grade 3 Passports issued to our [Merchants]. I am looking for payments sent to the Plain’s Eye tribe in some form. From Pallass, Fissival, and the Walled Cities. Prices so low on steel that it beggars belief. Magical artifacts sold at a loss.”
“Conspiracy.”
Merish whispered, and his fur went pale. As if they had all forgotten what the Drakes had done to them…Merish looked at Yelroan. The last pieces fell into place. The [Mathematician] smiled bleakly.
“Yes. It was us. If you care about the truth, Merish, help me find it.”
He kept rummaging as Merish squatted there. Then, abruptly, Merish rose. Yelroan froze again, but Merish just pulled him up.
“Not here. Xherw would never trust you with it if there was any proof. But his personal tent is different. And there’s a part of the camp you have never seen. They keep the Raskghar we captured there.”
“Raskghar? You captured one?”
Merish slowly nodded. His eyes flicked to Yelroan.
“Yes…we were going to show the other Gnolls. But I saw the others leading it out of camp before they cast an invisibility spell.”
Yelroan’s eyes went wide.
“Where are they taking it?”
 
——
 
Chieftain Torishi and Chieftain Xherw debated, as Gnolls did, before the Meeting of Chieftains. But not in private.
They spoke in front of the Gnolls of every tribe. Warriors behind them, arguing over the fate of one white Gnoll. About doom. About truth.
Torishi did not like the way Xherw looked so confident, even now. As if there were still tricks left to play. She paced back and forth, fur on end, illuminated by the light from a fading sky, a pale orange glow.
Xherw stood there, supported by Ulcreziek, flanked by Chieftains loyal to him, Reizet, Iraz.
Each had witnesses, stories and allies and ways to hammer their point home. But it was still a war of words.
“Even now, Chieftain Torishi, I hope you will come to your senses. I cannot prove it by words or magic or Skill, but I fear your judgment has been deluded. Why else would you protect a Doombringer?”
“Doombearer. Are we denying language itself, Xherw?”
The Chieftain shook his head.
“Doombearer, Doombringer—these words are the same for me. The Great Elemental, Khoteizetrough, spoke truth. But he still tells us that it is doom that is contained in one Gnoll. Doom which ended the Kingdom of Gnolls. Shall we call for [Shamans]—Great Shaman Theikha herself? Was it not white Gnolls who ended the only kingdom we ever had?”
Every head turned to Shaman Theikha, and she bowed her head tiredly.
“It was. But I doubt my own stories, for it is clear that our words have been changed over the course of centuries or even millenia. If my stories are true—then it was white Gnolls who led our kingdom to ruin by hubris and greed.”
“Old stories. As Theikha says—you are trying to justify your actions of now with old stories.”
Torishi shook her head, but saw some Gnolls looking uneasily at Theikha. She snapped at them.
“Did you not see Khoteizetrough slay the Gnolls sent to kill Mrsha? Kill her in secret? Why did Plain’s Eye hide their killers? Why do they come after the child again and again? Your ‘Doomslayers’ rampaged across Izril, marched into Drake cities and attacked them. All to kill one girl. They are part of the reason why Drakes march on us now!”
A rumble, and Xherw’s ears flicked slightly.
“Not just one, Chieftain Torishi. Should I make excuses for something all tribes have known? Plain’s Eye has always hunted Doombringers. Like any tribe that knows our history should.”
