8.79
Page 13
Chieftain Firrelle looked around as Gnolls—her Gnolls—abandoned their places. Her tribe looked from Gire to Firrelle and split. Some went to Firrelle. The others, a third, a bit more? They walked towards Gire.
The [Paragon] looked around as Gnolls turned, calling to each other. Shocked—friends gazed at each other across a rift in the ground as deep as a valley. Families split in the middle.
“What have you done?”
Firrelle’s voice trembled. For answer, Gire tossed her axe down.
“Ekhtouch will not survive in twain. For the good of us—let’s settle this, Firrelle.”
She charged across the open ground at Firrelle and the others, but Firrelle didn’t meet her, only backed away. It took nearly twenty Gnolls to stop Gire. Shouting warriors raised their weapons.
“There will be no bloodshed here! Paragon Gire, desist!”
Shaman Ulcre and Theikha both raised their voices, restoring order. Gire halted, panting, staring at Firrelle.
“Firrelle…”
The Chieftain refused to meet her gaze. And then she was turning. Walking to Xherw’s camp. Mrsha saw Gire’s people, her tribe, flocking around her. But Ekhtouch reeled as it snapped in half. Perhaps that wound would never close.
All her fault. Mrsha wanted to bury her head in her fur and hide. But as Gnolls stared at her with hatred and some howled curses—a beam of light fell across Mrsha. She looked up and was almost blinded for a second. But the air was warm. And even on the coldest day—Chieftain Torishi bent down and picked up Mrsha. As if she could read Mrsha’s mind, she spoke.
“No. Not your fault.”
The little girl didn’t know her feelings were written all over her face and looked astonished. Weatherfur’s Chieftain just held her.
“This is not your fault, Mrsha. Do you think all these older Gnolls could be brought to this place by one child? You may have a [Princess] for a mother, but that is ego.”
She flicked Mrsha’s nose, and the Gnoll sneezed. Torishi smiled at her, but sadly.
“This is our fault. The fault of countless generations—and this is our reckoning. Ekhtouch is choosing. So must we all. Raise your head.”
Mrsha did, and Torishi turned with her in her arms. Gnolls were glaring at her. Not just Gnolls who had never met her and feared her home.
Some Gnolls broke from Silverfang itself. One pointed at Mrsha with a trembling paw, and it was a Gnoll that Krshia Silverfang recognized.
“You. You killed Brunkr! You were his doom. The doom of Liscor—the one who unearthed Raskghar. Everything that has passed here is because of you.”
The little Gnoll’s eyes went wide as she locked gazes with Brunkr’s family. Krshia Silverfang ran down the slope.
“Menoa! Mrsha was not his end. That was the traitorous Regrika Blackpaw! Brunkr quarreled with her, but at the end, he and she made peace.”
The Gnoll mother howled at Mrsha.
“Made peace? She nearly cost him his arm! One bite was enough to give him a plague! If he had not gone at your request, Krshia Silverfang, good Silverfang warriors would not be dead! One group was slaughtered by Gazi Pathfinder days before the King of Destruction awoke! The other? My son was murdered by a Named Adventurer! Is that coincidence?”
It was all true. That was the problem. The facts sounded like…Krshia Silverfang looked at Mrsha, but she shouted back.
“It is true these things happened. But that is not Mrsha’s fault! She was not here when the first warriors died. One child cannot be the reason everything happened. And besides—”
Her voice wavered.
