8.79
Page 56
She bowed slowly, removing her hat as if she were the world’s greatest performer. A living legend walking in the Waning World. A peer to the greatest ghosts…still alive.
Even Xherw seemed to forget what he was about for a moment. Ulcreziek had lifted his staff as if warding off a great unseen monster. Mrsha gazed at Maviola’s face, and even the Necromancer, staring through Kerash’s eyes, was struck speechless with horror.
Seemingly oblivious to it all, Belavierr looked around the Meeting of Tribes.
“Is this what the Meeting of Tribes is, now? Are there any great tribes not attending?”
She looked disappointed. She peered at Az’muzarre’s weapons.
“Some items of Dragon get. Hm. Hm. A Swamp Elemental. A few decent craftsfolk. And tribes always have…other things to sell. A few cheap metal goods…”
She passed around, inspecting Az’muzarre’s weapons, glancing up at Khoteizetrough, the famed [Tanner], Deskie, and the Demas Metal weapons as if hunting in a bargain bin and revising her estimates of the competition. Searching for deals.
Her presence had frozen everyone, but especially the people who knew enough to be terrified. The greatest Gnolls looked at her with fear or recognition. Some had met her, or heard of her, when they were so young as to be children.
Garsine Wallbreaker’s fur was standing on end. She watched Belavierr like a young warrior looked at a [Blademaster] across a battlefield.
However, Belavierr’s arrival had affected one group who had never laid eyes on her. Suxhel, the Gazer, was shaking and looking at the ground with all of her eyes, afraid to catch the Stitch Witch’s gaze. She saw something no one else did.
But it was Lehra Ruinstrider who felt something—shaking. Her? No—
The Blade of Mershi. Every eye turned to Lehra for a moment as the Gnoll, wearing the relic from the City of Stars, suddenly felt it activate. The magical armor encased her, fit for a Drake, and she spoke.
Yet that voice was not hers.
“Belavierr?”
The Stitch Witch calmly turned as if recognizing someone.
“Saturiel Cometscale. I told you we would meet again.”
Something was in Lehra. For a second, she felt like someone else. A Drake long-dead stared out through her eyes, and a warrior armed with the armor and blade of the Stelariun Guard lifted a spear, and the Stitch Witch turned her head and regarded the Drake. Despair weighed down the Drake’s arm, even if she could have truly hurt the Stitch Witch. She lowered her arm and tasted old anguish.
“It fell to ruin just like you predicted.”
Those cruel, careless eyes had not changed over aeons. The [Witch] only nodded once.
“Yes. I warned you. The disaster was yours to avert. Clearly—you failed.”
Lehra—Saturiel—raised the weapon with a scream of despair. Belavierr flicked a finger. Then the presence vanished, banished as abruptly as it had come, the Armor of Stars vanishing. Lehra fell to her knees, shaking. Who—who was that?
“Saturiel?”
Belavierr walked past the Named Adventurer with no more than a nod. She gazed with slight interest at Lehra.
“An old story. Then no one has found the City of Stars. Good to know.”
On she walked. Through the Gnolls. Recognizing them. Just as they recognized her. Like them—like the Gnolls of every age, they had been in those stories.
So had she. Belavierr looked around with eyes that had seen a thousand Meeting of Tribes and found this one wanting.
Then she came to a stop, and her eyes brightened as she saw something worth the journey. She approached the Gnoll, plucking a little brooch out of her robes like someone performing a simple trick.
