8.79
Page 6
“What, did you think they got each other? We watched them die. Now—let’s get to work. They’re not half as smart as they think they are.”
The Gnome with frizzy hair linked arms with Erin as the Gnomes split up, some heading to the Wyrm, others talking to Khelta, the [Witches]—she looked down into an old face untouched by lines and two bright, pale silver eyes mixed with green spots. The Gnome nodded to her.
“I have a lot of names, but call me Zineryr. You’re Erin Solstice, aren’t you? An Earth-girl?”
“Yes—how do you know that?”
The Gnome sighed and patted her arm, though neither one felt it. Nor was he even touching her—but he ushered her onwards, miming the motions.
“Your people have died on Baleros as well as every other land. We knew something was up—not that we were watching, but we had enough time once we recognized six of them were back. Consider us up-to-date on everything you know, and there is a lot you do not know and need to be told. Still got your body?”
“I—no, someone hijacked it!”
The Gnome cursed.
“Kasigna’s sometimes wobbling breasts! Well, I thought that was a danger. We’ll work on it. What we need to do is have a nice, long chat before we’re all eaten—if Sprigaena does her job, we’ll have a chance. If she fails? We have another chance. But you need to know…everything minus the dangerous parts.”
Erin Solstice was nodding and hesitating. She stared at the oncoming wave of Seamwalkers.
“Do we have time? Wh—what do we do first?”
The Gnome fixed Erin with a long, searching look.
“Well, trust each other. You seem like a nice girl. You don’t eat other Humans?”
“No!”
“Have a habit of murder? Theft?”
“No! No! I mean, I’ve killed people, and I’ve stolen—things.”
“Hm. Good enough. It’s my job to find out. Tell me what happened from start to finish, Erin Solstice. Nevermind the time—and I’ll tell you. I’ve heard of you. [Innkeeper]? Not the class I’d have picked if we bought into their little game, but do what you want. Speaking of which—Pawn to E4.”
“Huh? Huh?”
It was going so fast, but Erin recognized that last one. She blurted out the obvious after a second as the Gnome grinned at her.
“P-pawn to E5! You know chess?”
The Gnome rolled his eyes.
“I hope you’re good. We stopped playing ages ago. Dragons throw the most unimaginable temper tantrums, and they’re not that good. Elves take too long choosing each move. King to E2.”
Just when she thought she couldn’t get any more surprised—any more delighted by these strange folk—he hit her with the classic, the immortal…Bongcloud Attack. Erin Solstice looked at the Gnome. Then at last—
She began to laugh.
 
——
 
The Meeting of Tribes had ended. Or if it hadn’t, not completely, this was the end. No one would be perusing the stalls, walking through the forests of tents, and there would be no more deals, no more negotiations or gifts. Gnolls stood with blades drawn, and Mrsha?
Mrsha looked up at the face of her enemy. Not Pawn. Not Face-Eater Moths. Not even Nokha, truthfully. Belavierr was as close to an enemy as Mrsha had ever had.
Nokha wanted to eat her. Belavierr hated her for completely unfair reasons.
But Xherw, the Chieftain of the Plain’s Eye tribe, was her enemy. He didn’t regard her as prey or declare a vendetta against her. He looked at her like an actual enemy, like a threat. He had devoted his life to killing her kind.
Now the two looked at each other and recognized the other. It was almost a relief.
