8.79
Page 3
Califor and a hundred other ghosts tried to make a break for the sea of ghosts coming from Baleros. Erin gasped as Elucina, Califor, and the other bravest ghosts began to journey away from Chandrar’s shores. A handful might reach Baleros. But the rest?
The three noticed. One turned back, and the other continued onwards, far hungrier for the countless millions of souls in Baleros itself. but one…one was enough. Emerrhain began striding back, faster than any ghost in existence, reaching out with greedy hands.
He was going to catch them. Some of the ghosts instantly turned back—Califor did not. She gazed at Erin and the coven as the [Innkeeper] cried out, but she was still walking. Erin shouted at her.
“Califor! Don’t!”
“Nothing is paid for without a sacrifice, Erin. Remember your promise to me.”
Then the [Witch] was striding across the water. The God of Magic followed her, snatching at Garuda trying to fly out of the air. He was smiling.
Erin raised the pan to throw but knew he’d just eat the memory of that. She clenched her hands helplessly.
“Hey, you—you jerk! Leave them alone! Fight me! You coward! You—you—ugly—uh—[Sorcerer]!”
She shook her fist at Emerrhain, who glanced at her but didn’t break stride. Pisces’ insults didn’t work on him. He reached for Califor, who looked ahead, ignoring him as he caught up. Laedonius Deviy switched back, and more ghosts began to vanish.
“Someone give me the umbrella or the sword!”
Erin began to start into the dark waters, and the sword rose in the grip of a [Queen]. She stepped into the darkness—and the God of Dance went for her. He stepped away from the light from the umbrella, wincing as it shone over him, and she swung—then he grabbed the hilt of the sword and the hands that held it.
The [Queen] of a Chandrarian kingdom vanished with a sigh, and the sword fell into the waters. The ghosts stirred.
“Don’t let him have it!”
However, Laedonius Deviy just stepped away, shuddering from the touch of the blade. He did not want to touch it—and he avoided that edge.
But it wasn’t the actual Excalibur, just a memory. He turned to Erin, who had frozen, halfway out in the surf.
“Come back, Erin Solstice! We have not enough weapons to harm them! Even Dragonfire does not do lasting damage!”
Xarkouth bellowed. He exhaled, and the God of Love fell back, shielding his face, crying out and hissing with agony. But as soon as the Void Dragon stopped breathing fire, he was laughing, catching rulers who tried to retrieve the blade.
“Califor!”
Erin Solstice flew higher, shouting at the [Witch]. The God of Secrets and Magic nearly had her. Even Kasigna was turning to see Erin’s expression with calm, vindictive pleasure.
“So petty.”
Erin thought she heard a voice. It was not Sprigaena—but it had a similar quality. She turned her head left, then right. A floating Djinni, grimacing at the magic he could not conjure, glanced at her.
“Did you hear that?”
He nodded and cast about. Jinn, following their immortal cousins, looked around. Garuda circling high above in hopes their foes would have to rise to catch them turned their heads.
“Who said…?”
Then Erin Solstice turned, and even Laedonius Deviy hesitated a moment, fingers outstretched. Kasigna turned her head, and Emerrhain, about to grasp Califor’s shoulder—missed a step. All three gazed about uncertainly.
In the distance, Norechl, God of Lost Things, slowed. It looked up, and that gleeful smile of malice—flickered.
