8.80
Page 38
Then Perorn realized something. There were too many serpentine heads snaking across the battlements, even for eight Hydras. She spotted a nest of serpents, twining around like a sea of snakes, fighting terrified [Soldiers] who hacked at them. Then she saw they were connected not to a Hydra—the far smaller serpents were attached to a single body. She took one look at it.
“Scylla! Scylla—kill the main body! Shapechangers! Don’t let—”
Too late. One leapt off the battlements, landed among the surprised [Soldiers] streaming towards the battlements—and changed shape. A gigantic serpent rampaged across the interior of Elvallian, trying to open the gates from the insides.
It died fast, riddled with arrows. But there were more and more. Perorn left the north gates as the eastern wall fell silent. She looked up and saw Medusae by the hundreds freezing the [Soldiers] with their sheer magical glare. They fell back as she ordered the catapults to turn and unleashed artillery spells on them.
But something was wrong. Perorn came to a halt and didn’t know how long she’d been fighting. She saw more fighters ready to go, the wounded accessing their deep stockpiles of potions. Her hooves were covered in blood and grime, and the walls were red.
Something was going wrong. The Jungle Tails soldiers were still coming at the walls, but there was a change occurring.
The Naga were few in number, and when they began to die, they fell back and let their Lizardfolk fight. Their younger cousins were weaker and made up for that with numbers, albeit with good steel or iron, but they did die.
Perorn had always hated how Jungle Tails fought. Niers had bested them for that weakness. Lizardfolk would refuse to fight and enter a slaughter zone.
But…they weren’t dying.
 
——
 
A Selphid [Battle Warden] realized it first. She was mid-rampage, a Naga’s body scything around and attacking the Lizardfolk with a pair of wicked steel hatchets. She hacked down at one Lizardfolk, a blow that caught the unguarded warrior across the neck and shoulder.
It should have been a mortal blow. A straight slash into the collarbone that cut straight into the chest. The Selphid was already turning when she felt the sting of metal on her side. She whirled and saw the Lizardfolk, teeth bared, stabbing into her side.
The cut was only an inch deep. The Selphid reacted instantly. She swept the sword tip away and hacked with her axes. Four blows—six, and the Lizardfolk went down, neck hacked apart. The panting Selphid stared at the [Soldier].
“Strategist Perorn. Enemies are getting tougher—they’re stacking armor Skills!”
She looked around her section of the walls and saw the same thing happening. [Soldiers] were backing up, stabbing at Lizardfolk whose scales were suddenly as hard as steel itself. It wasn’t one Skill—it was multiple, multiple Skills from various commanders overlapping.
Not just any Skills either. Skills from Lizardfolk’s fighting.
“[For Every One That Falls, Our Scales Grow Stronger]!”
The Lizardfolk were screaming what had to be their [General]’s Skill. One of their [General]’s Skills. The Selphid tossed one axe aside and drew a backup weapon. She lunged at a screaming Lizardfolk and buried the magic-piercing dagger into a chest.
“Switch to magical armaments! Commander! They’re too tough to stop!”
The Selphid heard a crack—and the Lizardfolk screamed.
“Incoming! Get away! Get—”
A boulder from a catapult smashed into a cluster ready to climb the ladders. They screamed as they rolled the boulder off them and got up. The Selphid looked down.
“Grandmother’s tits.”
