8.80
Page 45
Just kill them.
Click, click, click…
 
——
 
Siri watched Daly advance. He was holding down an entire street by himself. His face was perfectly blank.
They were all changing. Talenqual would never be the same.
Baleros wouldn’t. She was aware of the rest of Baleros being in danger—but it seemed far away. All she had was this battle. And…Kessice, whispering in her ear.
“They’re at Paeth’s walls again. Cotm—where’s Cotm?”
He was surely with Marian. The Centauress was galloping around, loosing arrows, but she was intelligent enough to know that the battle was more than just the fronts. That was why Siri had abandoned her position to lead a team under Cameral’s direction.
The Dullahan’s voice was quiet in her earpiece. The Featherfolk Brigade couldn’t hack their speaking stones. But the same was not true for Resk.
“A force just retreated. Now is the time, Strike Leader Siri.”
“Understood. Dawson—cover me.”
“Got it.”
The Australian man lifted his crossbows as Siri strode for the door. She stopped there a second, and two Bushrangers fumbled with their bag of holding.
We will never be the same. If she listened, the [Ranger] could hear voices from inside. Lizardfolk. They had no idea the Bushrangers had infiltrated their position.
“Ready?”
Kami and Tobi whispered. Siri nodded. She saw them fumbling with the long string of oiled cord. Kami held the cord far away from the keg. Tobi’s hands were shaking as he watched her murmur a spell.
“[Spark].”
The oil ignited. The fire would take a few seconds to burn—as many as ten, fifteen? But the Bushrangers reacted instantly.
Siri kicked the door in, and Dawson and three Bushrangers fired. They saw a barracks, one of the garrison points full of Lizardfolk. The bolts cut off the laughter and chatter.
“Attack! Humans!”
They screamed as Tobi heaved with Kami and pushed the keg inside. Then Siri shouted, and her humming blood exploded into fear and terror.
“Run! Run!”
The Lizardfolk charging at them took another crossbow bolt and hesitated as Siri swung the crossbow up. But she was running, arms pumping. She heard their voices.
“What’s—alchemy weapon!”
“It’s on fire! Put it out! Put it out! Kill the Humans!”
Siri waited for the sound, but she didn’t hear it. She looked back and saw Lizardfolk stamping on the cord. Oh. Dawson cursed.
“Siri—”
“I have it. Run!”
Someone shouted in Siri’s ear. The [Ranger] saw a little woman anchored to her shoulder raise a bow. Kessice fired a single glowing crossbow bolt into the barrel. A tiny little enchanted bolt…which exploded into a bloom of fire.
Her aim was good. The bolt of fire burned straight into the keg. Siri whirled—and something kicked her across the ground.
—She got up and kept running. Blood was running down her face. Her nose. Kessice was still clinging to her shoulder, dazed, but anchored to her with her grappling hook. Both women turned, ready to fight.
But the Bushrangers had no pursuers. All they saw when they looked back was a broken building and soot.
And smoke.
 
——
 
Peclir Im flinched when he saw the detonation.
“What was that? More Fraerling magic?”
He whispered—to himself. There was only one person in this tower, and he was in no mood for conversation.
Commander Fezimet was losing his mind. He leapt to the window.
“My people. How did they—?”
“Some kind of alchemical weapon. They’ve been using it across the city.”
So stop clustering your forces in barracks! They had struck towers, parts of the wall, and places like this six times already.
