8.80
Page 50
The Selphids watched as a hole in the ground opened. Just a long rectangle of space. One recognized what it was at last and looked at Foliana.
“A Dead Woman’s Coffin?”
“Correct. [Rogue] spaces. Put her in—gently. There’s food and potions.”
Foliana glared at Perorn as the Centauress gently inserted her and put a pillow in.
“Don’t—”
“You’ll recover. And Three-Color Stalker will haunt Elvallian and the Jungle Tails company in a week, a month’s time.”
The Centauress was smiling at Foliana. The [Rogue] tried to spring up, but Perorn pressed her down.
“I will see you later.”
Then the stone closed. Perorn stood calmly and felt the last burden fall from her shoulders. Fleethoof turned and nodded at the Selphids who bowed.
“Time to eclipse even the Titan’s legend. Who rides with Fleethoof?”
She began to walk from the room. Then trot. Then she galloped down the ramps and stairs as Jungle Tails advanced. Above her, the Fraerlings watched. Sentry Leader Ekrn muttered.
“There’s one tactic that the Titan could ask of us.”
Emissary Vuul whispered.
“Madness.”
Ekrn nodded.
“I told you. I tell everyone. Niers Astoragon is a mad bastard. But he wins wars.”
 
——
 
Hope and despair. The Featherfolk Brigade’s headquarters shook. A tower fell, and a [Chamberlain] vanished before it hit the ground. The Featherfolk’s Company gazed up in horror as the dust cloud rose, and Gravetender’s Fist and the United Nations’ side cheered wildly.
But Commander Fezimet was not dead. A single Quexal emerged from the ruins of his home, his pride, his work. He looked around blankly, taking in his colorful little city turned grey with ash and rubble. His grand tower, shattered and lying across his home. His ruined company. The Quexal shuddered.
Then Fezimet went insane with fury.
 
——
 
Gnolls fighting Gnolls. Hope as allies came to the rescue. The despair of long treachery.
One person was not embroiled in any of it. She watched and pointed it out to her daughter like a tourist showing a newcomer the best sights.
No…like a connoisseur staring at the finest vintages in the world. Belavierr the Stitch Witch had never been happier. She was many things. A merchant, an artisan—but she had and ever would be…
A witch.
“Look at it, my beloved daughter. You will never see emotions like this for a generation in this species. Betrayal. Fear. Would that Wiskeria were here to witness it, she would surely level and learn something of her craft. Hold it. Can you feel it?”
A dead girl laughed.
“Yes, Mother! It’s so sad and furious and…and everything.”
“Take as much as you can. From this—from these moments, you shall spin the stuff of myths. This is why we do such things. It is part payment and why I took the Drake’s offer. Of course, one must be paid for the doing in itself.”
“Yes, Mother.”
The Spider of Terandria smiled. It was a cruel smile, one that savored all of this. That rejoiced in putting it into practice. Then she turned her head as she walked across the ground.
The Titan of Baleros’ army slowed as Belavierr appeared. One woman, confronting tens of thousands of warriors.
But they shuddered. Antinium, Goblins, Gnolls, Drakes, even the Fraerling.
Even a bee who gazed at her opponent, ready for round two. Belavierr’s eyes flared malice at Apista.
Yet she smiled.
“Stitch Witch! Stand aside or die!”
The Titan of Baleros called out. He was wary of her, but he knew [Witches]. He was prepared for bargains and threats.
He was not prepared for Belavierr to raise her arms and the skies to turn dark. The Stitch Witch whispered.
