8.80
Page 6
However hated someone had been in life, they were nothing to the wrongness coming. So, for every ghost that went to pursue a grudge, ten thousand turned and set themselves against their foes.
They had much to do in so little time.
One of the Giants boomed downwards at the ghosts. The Ash Giant was watching her feet, flexing her hands, but the ghost who had died and given her body to Khelt was now looking around.
“Little folk! The time has come to let go all grudges. You have slain my kind—now we fight together. So I ask for a weapon. Have you any great [Smiths]?”
King Serept of Khelt looked up. His eyes brightened.
“I have a halberd made for a Giant!”
“Oh dead gods, not that eyesore.”
Queen Xierca muttered, and Serept looked hurt. But the half-Giant was looking around.
“It is functional. If only I had the Skills to pull it from the living world—can anyone conjure a copy of it?”
Another ghost was staring at his bare hands, frustrated.
“I am a [Scythemaster]—without a scythe! How am I to fight without a weapon?”
Few ghosts had the ability to conjure weapons. Erin was lifting a ball of fire in one hand and admiring the glow. Zineryr whistled.
“Oh, quite lovely. Is that the emotion of glory? The grand design does do such interesting things…a shame it was never completed.”
She blinked at him.
“Huh? What—what are we doing? Hey! Anyone want free glory-fire? Got any piece of wood? You could make a torch!”
“Give it to me, and I’ll cover myself in it.”
A stranger strode over with the most amazingly strange skin Erin had ever seen. Oily? She looked at the strange man as he seemed to grow—no, not seemed to. His body changed. The Jinn accepted Erin’s fire and passed it over an arm.
“Ah, it burns my magic. But it will be a fine little weapon. My kin! Lead us to one last battle!”
Erin Solstice looked up, and there they were. The Ash Giant who had called for a weapon looked up and laughed.
“Oh, the great smiths of magic. Unchained. This is a great day.”
She held out her hands—and a Djinni dropped a mace gleaming with blue fires of forging into her hands. A Giant’s mace.
Another threw down blades that ghosts scooped up, exclaiming in awe. The Djinni! They were creating blades and weapons, even bows and arrows!
Out of themselves. They were purely magical beings, and they were expending their very essence in death to create weapons. One tossed a scythe down, and the [Scythemaster] instantly picked up the long, wicked blade and frowned at it.
“Wait. This is a farmer’s scythe. I need a warscythe—”
Chandrar was mobilizing itself to war. The more impetuous ghosts flew ahead, [Archmages] and flying Garuda, [Heroes], [Champions], some determined to fight alone.
A thousand thousand [Generals] were arguing over tactics, trying to form the army of dreams. Every [King] and [Queen] in Chandrar wanted the Excalibur blade.
Erin Solstice was standing with the rulers of Khelt as they held a conference with Nerrhavia and a number of other ghosts. Khelta turned.
“…We will have to spare some of our number to remain. Khelt’s power is still present here. And we will have to let most ghosts stay on Chandrar. We cannot fight by sea. Who will follow Fetohep? Some are pledged to aid the Gnomes.”
“What? What is going on? Why are some leaving? To flee?”
The Rebel of String arrived, panting. Wounded in several places—but she had driven Roshal’s ghosts into the sea, and she had not forgotten Erin.
