8.80
Page 42
And that single huge tree, standing among the burnt ash of a forest cleared for a thousand paces in every direction.
Pure destruction. What the Tallfolk saw of the Fraerlings was so very little. Most [Soldiers] had not seen their foe. Perhaps a single, tiny corpse.
Or they would see a single flicker, like a bug, and then someone’s head would explode in a shower of magic. They would gaze upwards as a cluster of leaves on Paeth’s branches began to shine—and little spells would stab across the ground and earth themselves in a Naga’s brain.
Terror. The Fraerlings’ magic was so much more advanced than the Featherfolk Brigade’s. It could kill anyone.
Especially you. The officers were in hiding. Every Naga in range of Paeth was in danger. They had hidden behind shields only for Paeth to fire a railgun spell that melted through them. They camouflaged themselves only for Tallguard to snipe them.
Any single soldier was dead. That was the terror. If the Fraerlings wanted you dead—you were dead, and the commanders of the Featherfolk Brigade attacking Paeth were hiding.
But Paeth could not destroy an army. So each [Soldier] knew they would die if they didn’t destroy Paeth. That they went was because they were threatened with execution if they didn’t. Their superiors threatened them, reminded them they were Jungle Tails.
Mostly—they were in too deep. Talenqual had lost its forest. They had made enemies of every company around.
They had to have something, or they would have nothing. So the Lizardfolk charged and wondered who would die next. That horrifying settlement of Fraerlings.
Their home was in danger as well. So the Featherfolk Brigade had to hold both places. Or they would have no home and no future.
 
——
 
Luan arrived in Talenqual to find the city in chaos.
Gravetender’s Fist had taken the western walls and parts of the city. Kissilt’s forces, Marian, Cameral were all coordinating with the United Nations, even enraged citizens of Talenqual, and fighting the Featherfolk Brigade’s forces in the streets.
Part of their troops were holding off reinforcements coming from Paeth, but Fezimet’s troops were clashing with the United Nations.
Luan arrived in a contested zone. Contested—because Dullahans were storming the docks.
“The Iron Vanguard?”
The Courier was shocked to see their armor and the seasoned Dullahan troops from one of their smaller warships fighting Lizardfolk. Someone was directing them.
“Umina! There!”
Noa saw the Lizardgirl issuing orders and holding the docks. Umina herself whirled.
“Luan! Do you have reinforcements?”
“No! Just Noa—where is Daly? Where’s Resk and Ken and—”
Kirana! The United Nations company who wouldn’t fight! Umina strode over the decks.
“They’re safe! Do you have a weapon? If not—stay here! [Company: Free Dodge]! Get away from that Gorgon group!”
She pointed, and Dullahans fell back from a charge. Luan hesitated. He saw the Iron Vanguard’s [Captain] watching the fighting. Counting the casualties as he reported in.
“Where’s Tulm the Mithril? You said—”
“I know what I said! He wouldn’t come. This is all we have!”
The Lizardgirl screamed back. Luan looked around.
“Are we winning?”
It was a stupid question to ask, but he couldn’t tell. Talenqual was burning. Umina’s gaze was bright.
“We aren’t losing. Not yet.”
Luan nodded. He hefted the crossbow—one of Paige’s with Resk’s strings, not the customized one. Daly had that. Umina saw the man begin to run.
“Luan! You’re not a warrior! Get back here!”
But the man was already running. He looked around wildly and saw chaos.
