8.80
Page 48
“Can we beat Plain’s Eye that quickly?”
The Gnolls were worried. They knew that famous tribe, and they had all seen the truth. Numbtongue’s skin still crawled when he thought of the Daemon of Luck. Like Facestealer—there were some things that were not meant to exist.
The Titan just shook his head. He calmed slightly and reminded them all of one fact.
“I am Baleros’ greatest [Strategist]. Let him use luck. Is it fate, or is he just that unlucky? Because I accept no luck in my battles. I will have more targets when we reach the battlefield, and I see the situation, but—Bird!”
“Me?”
The Worker sat up on the wagon he was riding on. Niers turned to him.
“You are going to wait until I use my Skill. Then—I want you to shoot that damn Gnoll through the head. We go from there. No luck. No magic. If we are very lucky, someone will be able to recharge my Skill. In which case, I intend to rout Fissival—then Zeres and Manus can negotiate on the tip of a sword. If they don’t want to play, the Antinium Queens can make a bid for an alliance on the spot, or the Five Families.”
“Are you sure you can win?”
Bird asked the question that was most pressing and most annoying to the Titan. The Fraerling threw his shoulders back and calmed. Numbtongue was relieved to see it; he wasn’t mad with glory.
“I can. Whether or not I do? We can never know. But if I laugh—it’s because I have a hand full of cards, Bird. Because I see the enemy’s best card, and mine counters his. Because I finally can fulfill my promise to that girl. And…”
The Titan stood there, grinning like a madman.
“…because I leveled up last night. At last. And I am going to use my new Skill to hammer everyone to pieces.”
The Level sixty-six [Grandmaster Strategist] exhaled. Fighting the Witch of Webs, surviving Peclir’s treachery, the High Passes, leading an army around—plus all of what he’d been doing before this?
It took a lot to level at his stage. But the rewards were worth it. Even the Antinium goggled at him.
“What’s the Skill?”
Ulvama sat up, eyes narrowed with inquisitive interest. Niers just smiled at her.
“You’re going to have to wait. Nothing like a surprise element.”
He didn’t dare say it aloud just in case. It would not end the battle single-handedly—but it was a Level 66 Skill. Even he didn’t know entirely what it did without testing, but if it was as good as he hoped—
It might change the Forgotten Wing company forever.
So he spoke fire and promised them all glory, the people racing with him. That glorious horn call still rang in their ears. Niers Astoragon promised it victory. He promised it…hope.
Until they saw the antithesis to such things. The dark web that ensnared every magical blade. The end of every last charge. The ending to every good tale.
Belavierr, the Stitch Witch.
 
——
 
Perorn Fleethoof ceded the walls to Jungle Tails, and the gates opened. The army poured into the city, but slowly. The academy was also a fortress, and it punished them as they grouped up.
But they were too tough. Thusly, Perorn prepared for the worst even as her forces formed up in the last place to make their stand.
The practice fields, where young [Strategists] learned from their teachers. A fitting end.
The Centauress herself trotted through the academy and found some of her students waiting there. Young cadets, some on the cusp of graduating.
“Professor Perorn. We want to fight.”
