8.80
Page 21
Five gods stood on the water. That was but a parlor trick for them. Erin hovered in the air as the Gnomes regarded their old enemy. Zineryr nodded.
“…That makes five. We’ve eliminated one option. Good. You’d look terrible with a beard. Knowing him, the first thing he’d do would be brewing a potion to give you one—and other appendages I don’t think you necessarily want.”
He pointed at a bearded man standing in the waves, his eyes narrowed like thunder. They were the very eyes of a tempest, a swirl across the irises of brilliant lightning-yellow, hazel-grey, and the cloudy-blue of storms.
The eyes of the God of Rulers, and of course—the beard.
Tamaroth.
“Gnomes. So this is what caused Kasigna to change the nature of her realm.”
“Not I. The fool, Emerrhain. See what you meddlers do. Norechl and Emerrhain will both suffer. I swear it upon my name.”
Kasigna hissed as she hobbled forwards, an ancient crone of a woman. Literally…if there was any stereotype, she played into it. Hands so gnarled they looked like grasping roots, skin that a corpse would call pallid—and two burning eyes with pale pupils as close to white as Erin had ever seen.
Laedonius Deviy, Emerrhain, Norechl. Why were they all here? Perhaps because the others were.
Probably because of the Gnomes. Zineryr hung in the air, face calm, even smiling, but watching them all.
They were untethered. Like the ghosts, the dead gods were free to move and use magic. And oh—some could.
Emerrhain held a glowing orb of light that produced a thin ray of the kind that had pierced Xarkouth’s body with ease. It writhed in his hand, as if the deadly magic were trying to escape.
“I will see your end, you meddlesome tricksters. Then I shall devour every soul. Beginning with that girl.”
Kasigna hissed at Zineryr. He scratched at his beard.
“Interesting. You annoy them almost as much as we do, Erin. I knew I liked you.”
He grinned and looked around. The other Gnomes floating in the air were nodding at each other. One sighed and conjured an imaginary wand. She aimed it up and shot a beam of cascading colors into the air, like a rainbow.
A flare? A beacon. She shook her head as the dead gods recoiled.
“Time’s up, I guess.”
Another nodded and squared his shoulders.
“Zineryr, would you finish your business with the young Human? I think this is it.”
“It is indeed, little meddlers. Come.”
Kasigna spoke, and all five gods went for the Gnomes. Reaching greedily for the oldest of souls. They were, Erin realized, worth more than even a Named Adventurer.
“Back up! I’ve got fire! Zineryr—how do I fly?”
Erin conjured some flames of glory and waved it dangerously around, but she was caught in Zineryr’s spell. One of the five was going for her.
Norechl. It reached out with terrible malice. But the Gnome who’d spoken first just laughed. Then he flew through the air, shouting at the others.
“Farewell! Get clear—in death, I strike one last down!”
The other Gnomes turned and fled, and Erin yelped as Zineryr and she flew backwards. The laughing Gnome dove at the dead gods. They looked at him barreling towards them and—
—Dodged.
The Gnome plowed into the ocean and shot out of it, trailing water. He zoomed left, flying straight at Laedonius Deviy.
“Touch me, Laedonius—”
The God of Dance and Love ducked the Gnome. Erin saw his expression. It had gone from eager avarice to uncertainty and…fear…in a moment when the Gnome went for him.
