8.80
Page 60
The Last Box was sort of like that. Except…instead of nothing? It was exactly nothing.
Nothing. Including a way back out. Emerrhain had nothing to hold. Nothing to grasp. There was literally nothing here. He had no magic. No access to the grand design.
This place was nothing. The God of Magic looked around, speechless…then he did realize—hold on! There was something.
He whirled and found the one thing in this entire void. Desperately, the God of Magic approached it. It was…what was it?
Letters. Just magical letters. They drew themselves in the air, and Emerrhain read them. It was the old language of Gnomes, Taeric, which they wrote in. The words cycled, and he realized it was also a simple spell.
It was…sorting itself. Trying to determine which one it had.
 
Dear Tamarooth…
Dear Laedonius No Last Name…
 
Deliberately misspelling their names. To deny them even that…Emerrhain stared at the words as they finally locked into place.
 
Dear Emerrhoon. You are a fool.
Sincerely,
 
And below it was Zineryr’s name. Calispe’s. Hundreds of names, thousands…
Every Gnome who had ever lived. Had ever fought in those wars.
One last little service from the greatest tricksters in the world. Emerrhain looked at the words as they glittered. Then around his new home of forever.
 
——
 
Enchanter Ilekrome didn’t know what had happened. One second he had been about to rage at the Gnome. Then he had sensed something entering The Last Box. Then—the Gnome had shut the door.
“Wh-what’s happening?”
For answer, the Gnome just sat down. He was smiling, but tiredly.
“Victory, little cousin. Victory. Thank you for safeguarding it so long. Now…it is over.”
Paeth was over. And so…so was The Last Box. As Ilekrome watched, the door vanished. The Last Box shifted—and then a calm voice began to speak.
“Hello, Fraerlings or whoever has found this box…we are the Gnomes. We congratulate you on solving thirty-four thousand, two hundred, and twelve puzzles. However, we must regretfully inform you that this object is about to vanish.”
“Huh? No—”
The Last Box was beginning to shimmer. The bright voice kept speaking.
“This box is going to teleport itself into a space no one will ever find. Please stand clear. You have…four minutes. Three minutes fifty-eight seconds. Three minutes fifty-six seconds—I am speaking slowly. Now three minutes fifty-three—”
Ilekrome saw panels sliding open. Little portals appearing. He looked into thousands upon thousands of rooms and saw the puzzle that the Fraerlings had been working on so long.
The portal activated as stones flew into place.
The Last Box opened up, exposing every secret it had ever contained. As it prepared to vanish.
“No! No! Why is this happening?”
“We have to get rid of what’s inside it. I’m sorry.”
The Gnome was tired as he sat there. Ilekrome looked at him—then he was running, shouting.
He burst into the rooms where [Mages] were preparing the last ritual. They looked at Ilekrome as he pointed at The Last Box—then saw what had happened. The Enchanter was screaming.
“G—get me charcoal and paper! Take recordings! Look––look!”
Fraerlings ran, staring at answers to every riddle and magical question, formulas, alchemic secrets…frantically writing everything down. Ilekrome ran through the rooms as the Gnome greeted his cousins and looked down into the destroyed Paeth.
Then Zineryr followed Ilekrome. He found the Enchanter running from wall to wall, staring up at it.
He was looking for something. The Gnome tapped Ilekrome on the shoulder.
“Not that wall. Try two rooms back, through the secret wall.”
