8.80
Page 34
“Foul beast! In the name of Elves—”
A Dragon landed. It was far smaller and younger than Xarkouth. She exhaled frost over the Seamwalker and did a double-take as the writhing beast barely felt it.
Thousands of Lizardfolk charged the horror on the beach and tried to stab it, but their spears did no damage to its hide. Serept staggered back, clutching at his damaged ethereal body as Elucina floated upwards.
“Keep going. We can’t kill them, nor be trapped. More are coming.”
Indeed—some of the Seamwalkers had bypassed Chandrar entirely and followed the ghosts into the sea.
No…Erin realized they were following her. They were attracted by her [Immortal Moment].
And some were—fast—
Erin saw a stick-like Seamwalker running at them. This one had not only figured out how to move around as a biped—it had figured out how to run. It crossed the distance, running through the open ocean terrifyingly fast.
“Dead gods!”
Gerial had a bow fashioned by one of the Djinni. He shot an arrow; Erin didn’t even see if it hit the Seamwalker. The spray of water it left probably deflected it, and even if Gerial hit the vast creature—what damage could it do?
This was too much for an [Innkeeper] with a frying pan and some magic fire. But then—this part wasn’t her war.
Not yet. And the ghosts knew it. Sprigaena, flying overhead, pointed at the marshal leading Baleros.
A single Dragon broke from the ranks of those flying to aid its younger kin and the Lizardfolk trying to stab two Seamwalkers to death. Two more on the way…but Erin heard a strange sound and heard a voice from above. Then…the sharp retort, the rhythmic sound that was so familiar she flinched.
It sounded like a strange power tool going off. Only louder, scarier. It sounded like—Erin looked up. Cawe blinked.
“What is that?”
A Human man holding a gun opened fire as the Dragon dove. Erin’s jaw dropped.
“What the—”
A ghost had a gun. It looked real—and it was firing actual bullets! Not that Erin saw them, but she definitely saw the Seamwalker flinch at the impacts. Then the man, the soldier, was ejecting a magazine and reloading.
“Hey there. Do y’all need a hand?”
He had on very familiar combat gear, and his accent and voice…Erin locked eyes with a Human from Earth. He looked as amazed to see her as she did to see him.
“Hey! Are you from Earth?”
“I am!”
That was all Erin could think to say. The ghost of a soldier from her world broke into a huge grin.
“Well shit—how did you die?”
“She’s not dead! Focus!”
The Dragon was green-scaled and angry. She snapped at the Human and he nodded.
“Supply drop! Lizardfolk! Get ready for new weapons!”
“Huh?”
The Lizardfolk below looked up as the [Soldier] shouted at them. Then a second passenger uncurled, and a [Quartermaster] looked down. One of the world’s finest campaigners grabbed the [Soldier]’s shoulder.
“[Temporary Armory: Every Weapon I Ever Held]. Catch!”
The soldier jumped off the Dragon and landed, fearless of the heights, as Lizardfolk grabbed a small mountain of weapons. A few ordinary things like knives, even what looked like a replica of a sword…but mostly?
Guns.
Lots of guns.
Every gun the soldier had ever held in a shooting range, combat, or training. And unlike regular [Soldiers], who might have one sword in this world—
He had held lots.
Lizardfolk grabbed the strange weapons as the warrior from Earth landed. He gave them a twenty second crash-course in the basics. Nothing about safety. Just—safety off. Load, aim, and—
The first Seamwalker was thrashing about, obliterating hundreds of Selphids. Then it ran into a new concept:
