8.80
Page 57
Dawson whirled. He yanked a sword free as a monster faster than they were dove into them. Its scales deflected his sword—it felt nothing. It fought like—
Fezimet ripped Siri’s arm off, and Tofte went down as the razor blades lashed him.
They were all dying. Someone ran Dawson through from behind, and he went down, roaring and screaming, trying to drag a potion out as Siri lay on the ground, staring at the blood rushing from her arm.
“Fezimet!”
Someone was screaming his name. The Quexal looked around. Dawson knew that voice.
“No—no—”
The Quexal leapt again. Dawson dragged a potion out of his belt as someone killed the Lizardfolk on top of him. Ken dragged Dawson up. The young man bent over Siri and poured the potion on her and Tofte. Then he looked up.
Daly and Marian were waiting for Fezimet. The Centauress had her bow raised, mithril string gleaming. Daly raised his crossbow and held a little blackpowder bomb in one hand. Fezimet dove at them.
Dawson closed his eyes. He looked around and finally realized it. He saw Gravetender’s Fist retreating, the mercenaries falling back.
“We’re losing.”
 
——
 
The Titan reappeared, still screaming.
“Belavierr!”
He stood, howling in the middle of his company. In Elvallian, as Perorn lifted her arm to signal a charge.
The Centauress turned her head, and there he was. Clothing ragged and improvised, only holding a shortsword. Terrible desperation on his face.
Defeat.
“Niers?”
She breathed it like hope, but the Titan just looked up and knew.
He had lost.
She had done the one thing that she had been hired for. That damned [Witch]. That…
Not her. His mind was spinning to a conclusion. The Stitch Witch’s strange actions. She was a meddler, but she seldom did things for no profit. This? Her revealing the Daemon of Luck, her sending him to Baleros—
It was all part of someone else’s scheme. One that had outmaneuvered Niers. Someone had hired Belavierr for all of it.
Him.
“Chaldion!”
Only one person could have hired Belavierr to do all this. Reveal the treachery in the Meeting of Tribes. And…erase the greatest threat to the safety of the Walled Cities.
 
——
 
Yes. Chaldion of Pallass sat, watching the fighting at the Meeting of Tribes. Belavierr had joined Plain’s Eye.
He hadn’t hired her for that. But he had known that any deal with Belavierr could go south. Yet the Cyclops of Pallass had still chosen this path.
His [Path to Victory]. Chaos among the Gnoll tribes who could discredit Pallass. And the Titan—put back on his board. Killing him made too many enemies. He was necessary.
“But not on my continent. This is my land.”
The Drake with one eye exhaled a plume of smoke, smiling like a devil in the darkness.
 
——
 
Daly and Marian were down.
“What’s he doing?”
Ken looked up. Dawson was staggering forwards, but everyone was running. He looked at the Lizardfolk charging them. Ken answered once as he fired his crossbow.
“He’s…eating them alive.”
The immortal Quexal couldn’t be killed. Dawson drew his sword and tried to fight towards Daly’s screaming voice. Kissilt turned to call for Marian and a Naga leapt on him.
 
——
 
Some days you lost.
It was not just the Titan who tasted despair, but his people. Sometimes, with all the help in the world…
Even their great inspirations, their mentors and protectors—
Even Gnomes died.
First there were seven. Then there were six. Five…three…
They were fleeing across the ocean. Then they were running through the jungles of Baleros, dodging behind trees, flashing and leaping nimbly through the canopy, blinding their opponent, conjuring illusions.
But it was just magic.
