8.80
Page 35
Lizardfolk with guns. A few even had RPGs. The soldier opened fire and winced as the recoil and terrible fire lanes caused the ghosts to hit each other—but the bullets did no damage to the ghosts. They were, after all, spirits, and gravity didn’t hurt them. The only thing these simple projectiles of metal propelled at incredible speed could hurt were…
The Seamwalkers. Erin’s mouth was still open as the Lizardfolk riddled one side with fire and began reloading.
“We’re going to need someone who can replenish ammunition. Get a [General] with piercing-projectile Skills!”
“On it!”
The [Quartermaster] was summoning someone with the Skills. Elucina’s eyes brightened.
These were tactics that neither world had ever conceived of. The green Dragon was already snarling.
“Next position! Get moving, Jackson!”
The man was already climbing onto one wing. But he looked back at Erin.
“Are you the one with a body to get back to?”
“That’s right. I’m Erin. Erin Solstice. From Michigan. Where are you from?”
He saluted her.
“Jackson Carver, Virginia. I landed in Baleros. If you go back home…”
His pale, ghostly gaze searched hers. A hint of light grass-green, a story she’d never know. Then a wide smile.
“…If you go back home, tell my people that I did the best I could. The Lizardpeople welcomed me with open arms. It was their Naga who made them knife me. Tell them I rode a fucking Dragon and fought with ghosts!”
“I’m letting you ride me!”
The Dragon growled, but Jackson just looked at Erin. She saw his regrets, his longing for a second chance, all laid out in the young man’s eyes. He was barely older than her, maybe a year at most. Like every ghost…and he was from her world. He had died not long ago.
His voice caught.
“Tell them I was here.”
“I will. I promise.”
The Dragon lifted into the air, and then they were flying. Fighting across Baleros. Erin lifted a hand as she flew on. Below her, a Seamwalker bled ichor so dark it stained the waters black as midnight. They were dying. Fighting.
“Come on.”
She was just one [Innkeeper]. Erin wiped her eyes as the ghosts fought across this world for reality. It was an end in Baleros. The Timewalker bled. And the blood fell across Baleros, touching even the land of the living.
 
——
 
It was the final battle. But final battles took a long time. The last stands, the desperate flashes of defiance even before the end…surrender or running down the fleeing survivors.
The battle never ended with a single white flag or peace treaty.
Perorn Fleethoof had seen both sides before. The sinking feeling in her chest was familiar too. But even though she had raced across a hundred battlefields before she was even twenty, following legends…
She still thought they could win. She always did. The Forgotten Wing company had been formed from the survivors of the Named-rank team who had conquered the Labyrinth of Souls with an army of soldiers. Niers Astoragon, Foliana, and members of Stalker’s Wings had been fighting in a war when their detachment had gotten lost while fleeing a losing battle.
They had survived, battling the dungeon that would be called the Labyrinth of Souls. Survived—when they emerged, the soldiers who would go on to form that legendary company fell upon their foes with the levels and fearlessness that came of surviving a Named-rank dungeon.
Later…far later, Niers Astoragon would lead one of the greatest raids with adventurers, [Mercenaries], and [Soldiers] into that dungeon. He had never told Perorn all of what he saw.
