8.80
Page 29
However, Zineryr was naming what he was vaguely sensing. The Gnome pointed at Nereshal and Erin.
“Time paradox. That man is from the future.”
Emerrhain wavered. The God of Magic peered at Zineryr with deepest suspicion, then Nereshal…then he began cursing.
“Time paradox?”
The Gnome and dead god exchanged glances. Zineryr lifted a few fingers.
“He’s just created a temporal crossroads. You know what that means.”
The God of Studies and Secrets’ eyes flickered as he parsed this.
“…We must kill her before she can activate the crossroads. It must not be a true loop or conflict. But killing her resolves every issue. That [Mage] must die before he spreads a plague of them.”
Zineryr nodded.
“Exactly. The [Mage] has to die. But if Erin Solstice survives, you know what will happen.”
Emerrhain caught himself mid-nod. Wait, who could predict that aside from someone who had seen what would happen? Not even the fae or Gnomes could do that.
“…What, exactly?”
The Gnome’s solemn look turned into a mischievous smirk.
“Something you can’t predict. Heh.”
The God of Magic gave him a blank look, then lunged. Zineryr just sank into the water and shot out of it, grabbing Erin and towing her away. Cursing, Emerrhain whirled. Nereshal was fleeing Erin, looking for more ghosts he remembered.
“That damned—”
Emerrhain hesitated. But even his hatred and fear of Zineryr weren’t a match for…he whirled.
“Kasigna! Kasigna, I invoke your name in desperation! Heed me!”
The three-in-one turned from capturing another Gnome.
“I should destroy you, Emerrhain. Give me one reason to—”
“You must kill that ghost. Now. Destroy it, but do not absorb it. Just obliterate its essence.”
Emerrhain pointed at Nereshal. Kasigna frowned at him.
“Why? They all belong to me!”
“Causality. It comes from the future.”
Her eyes widened.
“Ah.”
Emerrhain was speaking rapidly, watching Zineryr flee as Erin flew north. The other Gnomes were following him, what few remained. Nine. They’d bought the [Innkeeper] time.
“Just make sure it dies. I will finish the Gnomes.”
Emerrhain blurred off after Zineryr as Kasigna called after him. Furiously, she turned. Nereshal looked back just in time to see Kasigna crook a finger. He threw up a shield of magic, and a hand of bone reached out of the sea and caught him. The [Chronomancer] struggled as Kasigna approached, to end one problem.
But the other time paradox ran on. With wrath, vengeance and petty spite—
Four dead gods followed.
 
——
 
The Gnomes bought Erin every moment they could. Half were fleeing with Zineryr from Emerrhain, who was locked onto them. Erin was flying as fast as she could, but the flight spell that Zineryr had cast was no match for the dead gods.
They were fast. First came Tamaroth.
“I may have ceded your body—but not your soul. Come, child. I will lead you to salvation.”
A ghost saw Erin flying overhead and shot a spectral arrow upwards. It hit Tamaroth in the side, and the arrow just…bounced. He was proof against mundane magic, against Skills. Even the Gnomes hadn’t even so much as tried to hurt them.
But they did stop him. The female Gnome who had gone skydiving had returned. She flew on Tamaroth’s left as he caught up. She was too slow to catch the God of Leaders, and she had no weapons. So she used the one thing she could.
“Tamaroth. Tamaroth. It’s so good to see you again. That beard hasn’t changed. Did you pluck it from the ass of a troll or did someone hex you to permanently carry a rat’s nest on your face?”
