8.80
Page 37
The [Soldiers] looked up and saw the feathered serpents leap. Hundreds landing on the walls and beheading surprised soldiers. As fast as striking serpents, and one of the strongest forms of Naga—they had no arms, but they didn’t need them. One bit the head off a Centaur, ignoring steel spears which glanced off her scales.
Perorn shot one through the neck. Then she saw the Gorgons coming up stone ramps.
“Hold the line! [Swift Reinforcements: Thunderstrike Division]!”
A magical battalion of soldiers ran towards their position as Gorgons took a portion of the wall—and held it. They were garbed in armor from head to toe. Each one was at least seven feet tall, and the serpents combined the humanoid arms and dexterity of a Naga with the magical gaze of a Medusa and added pure strength.
A Selphid grappled with a Gorgon, throwing the full force of their Rampage against the Gorgon. They were deadlocked—then the Gorgon swept a barbed tail around, captured the Selphid’s leg, and tossed the Selphid behind them into the sea of Lizardfolk.
“Take them out! Lightning spells!”
A dozen [Lightning Bolts] checked the Gorgons’ advance. The screaming Nagas raised magical shields and tried to keep the Forgotten Wing Company from recapturing the walls. Perorn galloped away from the fighting.
She had to. The Quexals. She had to see the entire battlefield, and she saw the Quexals retreating. They were gliding off the walls, blades covered with blood, circling, looking for another weak spot.
“[Speed Formation: Archers 3]. Follow those Quexals and take them out!”
Counterplay. Perorn hated sieges. Her Skills were devoted to mobility, quick attacks, and escapes. She wasn’t favored in this confined terrain—but it meant she deployed and pulled wounded groups of soldiers out with a speed that Jungle Tails had to keep up with.
Or…they did something she couldn’t counter. Perorn heard a warning horn, and the speaking stone exploded into more chatter.
“Commander, they’re at the northern gates! New Naga type—we can’t stop them! They’re going to break the gates without reinforcements!”
Those gates were reinforced such that Trolls with enchanted sledgehammers would take hours getting through. But Perorn realized—it wasn’t the structure in danger, it was the actual control mechanisms. She looked up and saw a head rising over the walls.
“Hydras! Get me every [Slayer]! Enchanted fire arrows!”
Jungle Tails had unleashed their beasts of war. The eight Hydras were so large they were able to attack the defenders on the battlements while Lizardfolk swarmed up. Perorn took aim as she galloped with reinforcements towards the fighting.
“Garuda! Garuda—drop your bags of holding now!”
Fliers and the few carpet riders dropped their cargo—acid and fire from alchemical weapons that the screaming Hydras struggled to recover from. One Hydra’s head was melting, covered in the most potent acid the Forgotten Wing company could buy.
…But they had so many heads. Perorn slowed. Her enchanted longbow came up. Fleethoof’s Wrath. She put a sparking arrow to the tip.
“[Perfect Shot]. [Arrows: Doubled Magnitude]—”
The enchanted arrow flew into a screaming maw of a Hydra about to blow poison at a group of struggling Dullahans and blew it into a rain of flesh as a lightning bolt exploded out of the maw. Perorn saw the Hydras trying to retreat as their handlers ushered them onwards. But where were those Nagas? Her people knew almost every Naga type.
