8.80
Page 41
Alchimeer Straesta and Ilekrome were the only Architects watching from this place. Their Farspeaker was coordinating Tallguard and petitioning anyone for help. Trying to see where their Tallfolk friends were.
Judiciary Honst was fighting below. He had taken command of Paeth’s security forces, switched their paralysis batons for swords and archaic weapons, and ordered them to fight once the Tallfolk began to break in.
The Tallguard of Feiland were still fighting. So were the last Crelerbane forces, less than a dozen. The evacuation ship had launched. The other group was making its way through the emergency tunnels; they would be marching for miles.
Paeth was standing. Standing and hoping it could still push back the Tallfolk. Ilekrome had been asked if he wanted to leave. The survivors would need an Architect, a powerful [Enchanter], which he was.
But he had refused. The Last Box was here. The repository, their gift from Gnomes. If Paeth ended…Ilekrome had told the others he would remain if Paeth had to be evacuated. Like Oierdressql, the Tallfolk would have only ashes to pick through.
He still thought there was a chance. There had to be. But another shudder ran through Paeth, and Ilekrome saw a building collapse, throwing down debris.
“What hit us?”
Farspeaker Humalepre raced into the room. He was bleeding—Ilekrome looked at him and almost called for a healer on the spot. Then he closed his mouth.
“Catapult. They built a catapult. It’s launching enchanted munitions.”
“We have to destroy it. I will muster the spells. Can the Tallguard—?”
“They are almost out of Signim.”
Alchimeer Straesta was trying to make just one more as they spoke. She looked up.
“They’d die. The Tallfolk are guarding it.”
Ilekrome looked at her, and Paeth shook again. All the Fraerlings stumbled, and Ilekrome saw a crack appear inside Paeth. He looked up.
“Ask for volunteers. We will unleash everything we can. But they’ll make more. Ask for volunteers. Farspeaker. What’s happening at Talenqual?”
The Fraerling shook his head without a word. His voice shook.
“The United Nations company and their allies are fighting the Featherfolk Brigade. That’s why the Tallfolk have pulled back. They…they might lose there too. They are trying to take the city.”
Ilekrome just looked at him. He had some idea of the battle that their friends were going through. Luan the Giant, their Tallguard, Alchimagus Resk, who Ilekrome personally knew.
“Tell them to hurry.”
“They’re fighting for their lives, Ilekrome!”
Humalepre shouted back. Ilekrome just looked down at the city, his city. His voice was very steady.
“I know. But tell them to hurry. Paeth does not have very long left. Can you communicate with Sentry Leader Ekrn and Heish?”
“Yes.”
Humalepre’s voice was trembling. Ilekrome wiped at his eyes, then began running to tell the mages to take out that catapult. If they weren’t trying already.
“…Tell them not to come back.”
 
——
 
What did the Tallfolk see? No…what they saw was very little.
The Lizardfolk, the Featherfolk Brigade who were fighting here, had any reason they wanted. Selfishness, obeying orders, a lack of care for the lives of Fraerlings, vindictive hatred, jealousy—
It didn’t really matter, did it? They were here. They had made their choice, and if they thought this would have been easy, the Fraerlings had long ago shown them that wouldn’t be the case.
So they saw almost nothing.
Bodies. They saw the bodies of their own. Littering the ground, rising as [Necromancers] among the small folk of Baleros encouraged them to spawn.
