8.80
Page 28
Erin was watching Emerrhain head towards them. Zineryr cursed and lifted a hand. A wall of light appeared, and Emerrhain walked through it, evaporating the magic. The Gnome pointed a finger at Nereshal’s head.
“Let go, mage.”
His finger was about to unleash something that would kill Nereshal twice—but the [Chronomancer] was babbling.
“You—don’t you know me? No—when is this? You’re…you’re Erin Solstice.”
“Yes!”
He’d clearly heard her name. Why was he saying it like that? Then Nereshal burst out.
“The Goblinfriend of Izril!”
Erin Solstice froze.
“W-what did you just say?”
Zineryr’s finger wavered. The Gnome fixed on Nereshal as the [Chronomancer] babbled.
“You’re too young! And you and I have met—you don’t remember?”
“No. Who are…?”
Erin was sure she’d remember this guy. Had she tossed the memory at the dead gods? No—Nereshal had a sudden, desperate look on his face.
“Then I died after whenever this is! Time! Time can be changed. Please! You must listen! The Blighted King will go mad! I will be slain when I oppose him! Stop him! Warn me!”
“Hey—hey—I don’t know what…”
Erin’s mouth was dry. Wait. Was this really what she suspected?
A time paradox? Why not? With the Timewalker…the man was holding her.
“Listen. I know what you will do. But the Blighted Kingdom will not be your ally in the future. The madness…you must warn me. I can change the future. Tell me and I will give you anything you desire, Goblinfriend! We will meet! I will throw my power behind you.”
“I—I—Zineryr?”
She looked around, but the Gnome was striding off. Straight towards Emerrhain? Erin looked at Nereshal, but didn’t know what to do. So she listened.
“I…how would I even convince you?”
Nereshal hesitated. He looked at Erin and then burst out!
“A code! Something so secret that I would believe you. Tell me…yes. Tell me this: ‘The Blighted King will betray you.’ I should trust you—trust the [Clown] even, damn him. Convince me! Tell me this. ‘By the sin of Arruif Yal, he was not worthy to serve!’ Do that and the terrible fate for us all can be averted. Or else the Blighted Kingdom will destroy your land and other continents in his mad war, with his army of children from another world, once the Demon King dies.”
Erin staggered back as the [Chronomancer] beseeched her. His words fixed themselves in her head. But could she remember? Would she even survive…?
Time changed. The Devourer of Time saw it splitting off and tried to focus on Erin Solstice. But the Great General of Ages engulfed one arm in bright flames.
“[Holy Flame of the Agelum]!”
That hurt it. Dionamella stared down at Erin and Nereshal.
“What is he doing? Time is…”
She swooped lower, staring at Erin Solstice and the split in time Nereshal was causing. The possibilities…
 
——
 
Emerrhain, the God of Magic, sensed the disturbance, but vaguely. Time was not his aegis. Besides—
He had his enemy. He was advancing on the Gnomes. Another vanished with a curse that faded into a sigh as Tamaroth caught her sleeve.
They had to die. These dangerous foes…but why was Zineryr coming towards Emerrhain? He had always been devious, that leader of Gnomes who had built a contraption to let him go into space.
The first stellar voyager. Emerrhain refused to be tricked again. He reached for the Gnome, confident there was little Zineryr could do to harm him without his gadgets. The Gnome halted in the roiling sea. He raised his hands.
“Time out! Stop!”
The God of Magic sneered at him. But Zineryr just bellowed in his face.
“Infraction in time! Hold on, you fool!”
The God of Magic hesitated.
“…What? If this is a trick—”
