8.80
Page 2
She looked up at the Seamwalkers, and even with her weapons, she blanched at their numbers. But no longer with that helpless resignation—now as an adventurer, seeing a battle she didn’t know she could win. She clenched her jaw—then remembered another foe.
“You treacherous six. A reckoning comes to you!”
She whirled and leapt into the sea with a splash of water. Cursing, the woman realized she couldn’t fly and waded into the waters towards one of the dead gods. At this, one of the Gnomes called out.
“Hold on. That’s a bad idea. Don’t attack them—”
But the Named Adventurer was too enraged to listen, and she had a target. Laedonius Deviy was still floating there. He seemed untouched by the law of gravity’s return, and he slowly rotated as the Named Adventurer lifted the gigantic weapon with one arm.
“Die, you things. [Axe of the Gigant]. [Earthshaker’s Blow]!”
She swung the axe down as it grew. Even the Giants stepped back as an axe that something a quarter of their size—so something as tall as a hill—would have wielded crashed downwards.
The impact as the axe hit the sea and Laedonius Deviy caused a geyser that blinded Erin as water fountained up into the sky and rained down—then dissolved around her. Erin’s mouth was open as she witnessed the greatest attack she had ever seen in her mortal life. The most devastating Skill.
That could have killed multiple Skinners with one impact! It was an attack suited for someone who slew Jaws of Zeikhal. It could have changed an entire battlefield, annihilated hundreds in a single swing.
However—Zineryr just looked through the downpour of rain, and the Named Adventurer stared up, and her expression of triumph faded.
“No.”
The God of Dance and Love had been struck by the axe made of bone. As water swirled around him, he pushed it off his shoulder. There was not a mark on his body or clothing, which looked like formal attire for the grandest of balls in Erin’s world hundreds of years ago. He could have strode out of a play from the ages of Shakespeare. Or—alternatively—he was the one that had hired the Bard of Avon for a party.
Not even a flinch. He stepped forwards as the Named Adventurer recoiled. She tried to leap back with a warrior’s reflexes. But the God of Dance and Love was—
Faster. He didn’t move with that timeless motion like the ghosts. He leapt like someone descending from the stage, as swift as a swallow darting across the water, and his fingers touched her face.
The Named Adventurer vanished. Her armor, her helmet, and her axe fell to the ground. Erin stared at it, and the God of Dance licked his lips. He whirled and leapt to touch another ghost unawares.
“Back! Back behind Khelt’s protections!”
Khelta shouted. A wall of sand rose, blocking the God of Dance as ghosts fled from him once more. Even now—even now. Nerrhavia called out in frustration.
“Can nothing harm them?”
One of the Gnomes shot back.
“Of course something can. Just not your Skills or weapons you have access to. Great magic. Their own gifts. Someone get that sword.”
Laedonius Deviy looked up and stepped back as a ray of light burned down from the heavens. The memory of Excalibur rose, and he frowned at the ghosts.
“I can see now why Kasigna rages. This is…inconvenient. But it may be for the best.”
The God of Dance trailed backwards a single step, then two, turning left and right to regard the army of Seamwalkers. He pivoted and turned the motion into a bow to his opponents. The Gnomes. They rolled their eyes as he whirled, retreating.
“Ponce.”
“Trust Deviy to put a good face on anything.”
