8.80
Page 25
Indeed, the ghosts and even some of the Seamwalkers were turning on a common foe. Kasigna hissed in hatred as the Timewalker paused, choosing where to step next. It seemed to recognize it was in danger, because it was looking down.
Straight at the dead gods.
Straight at…Erin.
Foes and such a curious food. Something that had generated nigh-unlimited time. Erin gulped as the hungriest being of all looked at a very tantalizing snack. Using [Immortal Moment] in front of a time-eater suddenly seemed like a bad idea.
That great foe was so wrong it was tied for the dead gods in Erin’s head. No—worse? They might be abhorrent, rotting things, but this thing was consuming reality.
It was wrong.
“Stop, stop, stopstopstopstopstop—”
It wasn’t just Erin saying it. It felt like everything was screaming. Zineryr was looking around.
“Does anyone…feel that? I think I feel magic distorting.”
“Another trick!”
Kasigna hissed at him, and the Gnome rolled his eyes.
“This is the problem with being known as a deceiver. No one takes you—can’t you feel that? Or are you so atrophied that—”
“What is that?”
Emerrhain sensed it too. Erin, raising her head as she pressed her hands against her ears in a reflexive attempt to limit the cacophony in her brain, realized—
Something was happening that neither the Gnomes nor dead gods had expected.
Like a shrieking wound in the fabric of reality, the world itself screamed out as the Devourer of Time walked across it. A howl of pain that everyone in the deadlands and even mortals sensitive to it in the living world felt.
A building crescendo that had begun the moment the Devourer of Time had begun its climb. It reached a peak now. A siren, a scream before the tears multiplied and became a death-wound.
Louder, until it rang through Erin’s soul. So loud she felt her existence shaking before it. Until, for one moment, it became a peak which she could not tolerate or even exist in. But it was an eternity and age and so short a span—
The scream ended, and there they were. Erin Solstice looked up and saw them, standing in the air, stumbling, waking from their rest.
Summoned by this hour of need. Just as they had sworn.
The defenders of time itself.
[Time Mages].
 
——
 
There were less than a hundred. They appeared all at once, some screaming, others jerking up in surprise. Many old. Some whirling in the height of battle, or at peace.
As they died.
Erin Solstice saw an ancient Garuda lift his head and catch himself in midair, and saw—for a moment—a bed and children, grandchildren, and great-great grandchildren. The Garuda’s eyes opened wide.
“…so that is how I knew.”
Another figure stumbled, screaming, skin burning as he lifted his hands to ward off a spell. He ran out of a battlefield, and the last words he had ever spoken echoed.
“Thresk! Thresk! They came from behind—”
The warmage looked around, the magical fire on his robes extinguishing. A terrible wound down his shoulder that had literally severed his arm from his body and eaten into his very lungs—slowly unwound. The burning spell reversed, until only whole flesh and the robes of a Warmage of Albez remained.
The [Temporal Mage], Udatron, lowered his hands and whirled in confusion.
“Where am I? What is this? Thresk!”
They knew. Most of them knew. They had felt their deaths. Another [Mage] appeared, a half-Elf so old she had all but turned to dust. She lifted her head and gasped.
“What is this? It is destroying time itself—”
“What? What? What is going on? What has the design done?”
