8.80
Page 55
Magnetized. It crashed into the first rank of Lizardfolk and kept going. They were knocked off their feet. Then the press of bodies struck a wall. And the wagon kept…going…
Until it stuck to the wall of a building.
The Alchimagus looked at the blood and death from the spells, but he kept going. The armor of the Lizardfolk ignited, heating up until it was white-hot. He raised his hands and howled Paeth’s name.
And Cotm…drank his Signim. The Tallguard [Arbalest] grew into a thin warrior with tears running down his cheeks. He fired his customized crossbow once. Then tossed it aside and drew two blades.
“Paeth! Kessice! Your Signim! Kessice!”
His partner wasn’t anywhere Cotm could see. Was she injured? Where was she?
“Tallguard of Feiland!”
Cotm had four minutes. Four minutes—he leapt into the Featherfolk Brigade. Lashing around him so fast they were dead as fast as he could swing the Fraerling-made blades.
Their levels were greater than the Tallfolk. The Tallguard were meant to die for their homes. Cotm was shouting.
“Kessice! Kessice—”
One versus a hundred. Not like fighting roaches or other monsters. These Lizardfolk—
One bit his arm, a Naga grinding his bones under his leather armor. Cotm stabbed him in the head. He felt someone try to take him down by the legs.
“Cotm!”
Kessice swung through two torsos with an axe. She pulled Cotm up. The two partners looked at each other.
“Paeth on the Coast!”
They charged.
Four minutes. Four minutes was a long time. Or a short one. It was maybe longer than you needed to kill a single monster or have a really hurried romantic rendezvous if you were absolutely ready and had low expectations—
But it was so short.
Cotm was counting, but he lost track. He was bleeding, but he had wedged a potion bottle in his teeth and drank it. It didn’t matter.
Once the Signim ran out…
Two minutes? The Featherfolk Brigade were screaming. Resk’s magic ran through them. The Alchimagus was killing a score.
Then—then Cotm saw him. A single Quexal. The others were dead.
Fezimet leapt into the battle, screaming without end. His eyes were wide, and the Quexal’s mouth was bloody, frothing, as he tore and bit like an animal.
Cotm pointed at him, and Kessice tried to line up a shot, but Fezimet was surrounded by berserk Lizardfolk. He surged through the battle, and Resk pointed a finger at him.
“[Paralysis Ray].”
The Quexal dodged it. Resk lifted his hand.
“[Wall of Flames]. [Chain L—”
Fezimet leapt on him, and the Quexal’s teeth closed on Resk’s throat. The Fraerling Alchimagus staggered—and fell. Cotm heard a scream from Luan.
“Resk!”
The Quexal whirled. Cotm saw Daly aim a crossbow at him, and the Quexal leapt. He flew into the air, and the Bushranger shot him.
His body had been mithril. Fezimet didn’t care. He had shattered his teeth on Resk’s throat to crush it. He took one volley of crossbow bolts, then another, jerking with the impacts. The bolts stuck out in Fezimet’s body, but the commander kept charging. He didn’t care. His wings spread, shedding blood and yellow feathers. Cotm looked for Resk.
He didn’t see the Alchimagus. Resk…
The magic was gone.
“Fezimet!”
Luan was screaming. He aimed a crossbow up and saw Fezimet crawling over a howling figure larger than any other. Bastiom, the War Walker, tore at Fezimet, but the Quexal had done something to his body.
Razor spines. His scales were coated in razors. And blood. He encircled Bastiom’s head and squeezed. Cutting…cutting…a blow struck him hard enough to crack his bones, but the Quexal kept screaming.
