8.80
Page 44
Tofte’s voice was slightly accented as the Norwegian adventurer looked at Luan. The Courier was sweating harder than he had from the run and desperate rowing to get here.
“No—I have to fight. Where’s Daly? I need to get to him.”
“We’ll find out. We have speaking stones. You sure?”
Tofte grabbed Luan’s arm. He had a burn down one arm; the Featherfolk Brigade were launching spells at the snipers. Luan hesitated—then met Tofte’s eyes and nodded.
“Yeah.”
The Bushranger’s grip tightened. He snarled back.
“Then fucking aim.”
 
——
 
The Featherfolk Brigade were winning. Or were they losing? They had so many Lizardfolk, and their Nagas fought like lions.
Daly didn’t know. He wasn’t Kissilt or Marian or Cameral, who were in charge of the entire battle.
All Daly knew was that they were dying. They were a major company, Quallet’s forces were far less experienced, and this was their city.
But where he saw them—they died. There were two things they lacked.
Gunpowder and Fraerling magic. Daly raised the hand crossbow, far smaller than the ones the rest of his people were carrying. But this one was made by Fraerlings. The bent metal was pure steel, and it would have been as smooth as a mirror, beautiful.
If not for the blood and grime. It moved like perfect clockwork, the pulley moving back automatically. Magic. It reloaded on its own, and when he squeezed the trigger—
Click. He felt the slightest kick, and it punched through two Lizardfolk. Daly reached for a crossbow bolt in slow motion. He inserted it into the crossbow. Aimed.
Click. It was such a fast motion. Sometimes he fumbled or dropped ammunition, but he had an entire quiver. An experienced [Arbalest] with Skills could put up to eight shots into the air in a minute at Level 30.
How fast could Daly shoot? Ten shots a minute? Eighteen?
Click. Click. Click.
Draw a bolt, place it in the groove, aim—pull. A Medusa savaging some Drakes with glowing eyes that ignited the metal on their armor dodged the first shot. And the second. And the third. She raised an enchanted shield, and the impact from the forth made her wobble. Then Daly shot her through the head.
“Advance. Advance! Daly—you’re too far forwards!”
Marian was trying to catch up, but the Bushranger knew he wasn’t. He was just leaning out of cover, shooting down targets in the battleground.
His finger was trembling. He felt like he was right back where he had started. Amidst the fighting companies of Baleros. It didn’t feel real.
But he was here. He had chosen to be here. Here—it ends.
“Kill that Human!”
A Gorgon came at Daly, and the young man stepped out of cover. He saw Siri shoot a [Mage]—saw the crossbow bolt hit the Lizardman in the chest. But Daly’s focus was only on the Gorgon.
Magnificent armor. A writhing charge, mouth open. A look of pain. Surprise and fear.
Click. Click. Click. Click. Click. Click—
“Daly! He’s dead!”
Someone was shouting in his ear. Daly stopped shooting the corpse as Lizardfolk fled, screaming. A Naga, someone who had achieved everything they dreamed of. Dead in seconds.
A Human with a crossbow advanced as Resk stood on his shoulder. The Alchimagus was [Appraising] targets, stopping the spells from killing Daly. He had saved the Human several times. Daly’s skin hummed with magic.
“Where?”
“A-advance with us. Down the street and right. Quallet is falling back.”
Daly ran. He smelled blood. But he wasn’t even hurt. Luan had given him the Fraerlings’ crossbow. How many of Quallet’s people had died? How many of the United Nations?
Daly didn’t know. Just—he skidded around the corner and brought the crossbow up.
