8.80
Page 22
Especially when he said that part about striking them down. Erin saw the other Gnomes flying away rapidly. She didn’t know what that Gnome had done, but she wondered what would happen if a god ate him.
And clearly—so did they.
All five dead gods backed away from the Gnome as he dive-bombed them. Norechl reached out and hesitated. Emerrhain backed away with a snarl.
“What have you done?”
“Nothing! Touch me, oh glorious gods! Rulers of all! It won’t hurt—me. Touch me. What’s wrong? I thought that was what you wanted!”
He had a wide, manic grin on his face. Erin saw the Gnome reach for Tamaroth, and the God of Rulers blocked his arm. However—the Gnome didn’t vanish. Like when he’d been headbutted by Sserys or Zel had stopped Kasigna, it seemed they had to concentrate to devour souls. And even he wasn’t certain.
“This is a trick.”
The God of Rulers glared at the wide grin on the Gnome’s face.
“Sure it is. Go ahead. Absorb—”
The Gnome dove, and a ray of that killing light hit Tamaroth in the chest. Emerrhain lowered the orb as the God of Rulers snarled at him.
“You coward.”
The God of Magic hissed back.
“I do not see you taking his soul. I will destroy this one.”
“Enough. They are fleeing, and that living girl is leaving!”
Kasigna howled, and all five realized Erin was getting away. They began to stride after her, and they were fast. However, the Gnome blocked their way, and they recoiled from him.
“It’s a trick! They cannot do anything that would harm us.”
Laedonius Deviy shouted, but Erin caught the note in his voice. All five knew it was probably true. But…the young woman looked back and saw the Gnome give her and his kin a huge wink.
They weren’t certain. They, the greatest of their kind, the divine, weren’t certain. Even in death, they feared the world’s finest tricksters. The unpredictable foes.
Gnomes.
Erin was sniffing again. Zineryr looked at her. His smile was as wide as the horizon itself.
“You see? They are so arrogant. But it seems that even they remember how badly we beat them last time. It is never the end.”
The first Gnome vanished as Kasigna touched him. The three-in-one flinched—but then she smiled cruelly.
“A trick.”
The God of Death looked around archly at the other gods, and they glowered at her. Then they turned ahead.
The Gnomes snorted and scoffed at them. Emerrhain lifted that deadly orb of magic, but before he could unleash the magic, he hesitated. Tamaroth’s head rose, and his gaze narrowed. Kasigna cursed.
“That damned pestilence—”
Behind them, the Devourer of Time took one step.
 
——
 
As gods and Gnomes warred and the ghosts assailed the rot of heaven comingled with the world’s filth, the entity that had feasted on the body of the God of Time rested awhile. It had journeyed far to feast on the marrow of chronology itself.
Even time grew weary. Yet this child without a name, kin to Norechl, was young, and it was surrounded by the bounty of souls.
Curious sights that it had never dreamed of in the darkness. Time captured in a bubble. Six strangers.
A strange half-world connected to others.
It had no name. But perhaps—it began to understand that a name was meaning. The other, lesser spawn had little conception of names and meaning yet.
But if they did, they would begin a path far longer than even this long climb. A great journey that twisted around fate and nibbled at the edges of things.
The Devourer of Time stood at the beginning of that long road, and even the six dead gods were no match for it.
