8.80
Page 52
“[The Red Thread of Destiny].”
Numbtongue leapt, and something that had Maviola’s face caught his hands with an impossibly strong grip. Niers’ voice was a howl.
“[Battlefield: No—]”
He was too slow. Numbtongue tore one arm free and slashed for the string, but his sword couldn’t cut that. Belavierr laughed, and Niers Astoragon—
Vanished.
She stood there a moment and then snapped her fingers. Maviola released Numbtongue, and the Goblin staggered back.
The summoned horrors vanished. Belavierr took Maviola by the arm and tugged her away.
“There. Now we go, my daughter.”
The Stitch Witch walked out of the army, smiling. She walked back towards the Meeting of Tribes. Her contract was ever fulfilled. Now—
She walked towards Chieftain Xherw. Belavierr whispered in his ears and Ulcre’s.
“It seems you have a terrible engagement, sirs. Do you need the services…of a [Witch]? My magic is yours for a small fee. Even a discount.”
Her eyes flashed malice at the white Gnoll girl staring at her, but Belavierr said not a word. It was just…every other Gnoll she might be paid to target.
That little warlord thought he was the only one who could play every side? She was a [Mercenary] far older than he. The Stitch Witch laughed as Gnolls looked up at her.
“Sometimes, my daughter, vengeance is the only reward.”
 
——
 
Commander Fezimet climbed out of the rubble of his home. The Quexal had no weapons. Just his teeth and armored body. He had no words. The leader of the Featherfolk Brigade simply leapt into the air with a scream that echoed his company’s.
They charged among the rubble. Lizardfolk fighting Dullahans.
Gravetender’s Fist were fighting alongside Niers’ students. Alongside the Bushrangers. The United Nations company.
The officers of the Featherfolk Brigade stood there, two dozen of them, across from Daly, Quallet, even Luan, Siri, Fraerlings, and Humans pitted against their company.
“Your precious Fraerling city is about to fall. You have nowhere to hide anymore, Humans.”
They had all pushed in to destroy the tower. They were caught in the open by the Featherfolk Brigade.
Daly raised his crossbow, but the standoff wasn’t over. Not yet. The Lamia was shaking with fury.
“You have destroyed Talenqual. Everything…everything.”
She aimed a trident at Daly, but someone interrupted her.
“No. You destroyed it yourselves.”
Noa stepped onto Luan’s shoulder. The Tallguard had drawn her sword. She pointed it at the Lamia.
“We never attacked you. We never wanted this. Paeth…”
 
——
 
Paeth was falling. A Lizardfolk was stomping among the shattered roots. Just…stomping as Fraerlings clung to her legs. A single Fraerling raised a sword.
“[Great Slash]!”
He chopped her leg off, and the first giant fell. The Fraerling was no Tallguard nor security. He was just…someone who liked to practice with the sword.
Who had leveled ten times in less than that many days. A single Fraerling, howling with madness and grief as he climbed and launched himself into the air. Another Lizardfolk was bashing his way into the city. He looked up, and the sword bit into his helmet.
“Tallfolk! Tallfolk—”
It was a curse. The Fraerling leapt off the collapsing shoulder, sword swinging.
A third [Soldier] swatted him out of the air. The Fraerling, who had learned how to cut a beast ten times his size, landed. He looked up, and a foot stomped down.
Terrible giants. The Lizardfolk were breaking into the base of Paeth. Trying to topple the city. Enchanter Ilekrome stood in front of The Last Box.
