8.80
Page 61
Ilekrome whirled. The Gnome was smiling at him. He ran and found what he was looking for.
“…two minutes and eleven seconds…”
The Fraerling stared up at what he needed. What he was sure was there. He turned as Zineryr walked into the room.
“Is that what you want?”
“Yes! How did you know? Have you been watching…?”
Zineryr looked around as Paeth shook again. He shook his head.
“I’m sorry, little cousin. We have been battling other things. Even we forget about you. But we left you these just in case. It will vanish—and the others probably won’t fall for the trick. But remember everything. Prepare for war. Tell all your kin—this is it. Oh—and look out for a Human named Erin Solstice, would you?”
He snapped his fingers with a smile that made him look as young as Ilekrome’s children.
“Hah! Now there’s a contingency plan.”
He laughed, and the Fraerling clung to the laughter. As if…everything could be solved.
Then he was running, calling for the ritual spell to be disbanded. Ordering Fraerlings to maneuver the spells and draw new lines out of magic.
The burning magic spell in his brain. He tried to copy it, improvising with magic. The Clockmakers had made their knowledge easy to understand. It wasn’t one specific way of doing things, but the theory.
So Ilekrome wrote the most complex magical spell he could, taking every shortcut he knew how. Ignoring questions from the other Architects. They fell silent as Zineryr walked among them.
He watched Ilekrome write as Fraerlings looked upon the last Gnome and asked all the questions. But Zineryr had only a short amount of time.
He spent the last words he had simply.
“You made a mistake here, here, and there. You need to edit this magical channel like…”
[Mages] were running around as Zineryr flicked his fingers, showing them how to complete Ilekrome’s magic. He told them nothing of what to do. Just watched and corrected their work like a teacher.
“…thirty-eight seconds…”
“Is it done?”
Ilekrome stopped, and Zineryr squatted down. He double-checked the spell.
“It will work. Nice location. Ah, but you’ve made one mistake.”
The Enchanter was stepping into the center. Zineryr smiled at him as Ilekrome, sagging with relief, went to fuel the spell.
“You can’t sacrifice yourself to activate it.”
The Enchanter saw the other Architects and Fraerlings looking at him. He was standing in the center of a circle meant to fuel this great spell. Zineryr had not stopped him, but he did walk over.
“Sacrificial magic was made by fools. It gives more power than you put into it, but even so—you do not have a fraction of the magical potential to fuel this spell.”
“Then I will do it.”
Farspeaker Humalepre raised his hand. Zineryr stopped him.
“No, no. Every Fraerling in this room couldn’t fuel this spell. You are all regrettably small, and your bodies don’t contain enough magic. To move this tree?”
Ilekrome tasted bile. He stepped back and went to retch—then call for every relic and reservoir of magic they had. Until he noticed who was standing in the center of the circle, lighting it up by his presence.
Zineryr, the Last Gnome, stood there, whistling innocently. He glanced over his shoulder.
“Fifteen seconds. Do it now, before the distortion ends. We were never the most magical—but I’ll do.”
“Clockmaker.”
Alchimeer Straesta whispered. Enchanter Ilekrome looked up, then raised his hands.
“Activate it! All Fraerlings! Inside Paeth! Prepare for distortion!”
His voice sounded throughout their home. Fraerlings paused in confusion, and Zineryr smiled around.
