8.80
Page 17
“No. We spoke against them when they proposed their grand design. When the Elves rebelled, we stood with them. Then we fought until our people vanished and the world was destroyed. We won—we did not begin this.”
“Then why do you say it like that? Why are you still here?”
Taking responsibility for the folly of gods? Zineryr held Erin’s hand and looked up at her as that immortal moment faded away.
“I suppose it’s simply…this is our world. They were our gods. We worshiped and loved them, once.”
Erin drank in a world of sadness, a time long gone in Zineryr’s kindly, weary eyes. The Gnome’s gaze sparkled.
“They were like our parents, in a way. We take on none of their sins, Erin Solstice. But it does fall to us to stop them. Because someone had to. When something ill happens—someone must step forwards. We refused to run or look away.”
It was the answer that Erin Solstice could understand in her very heart. She took Zineryr’s hand in her own, trembling.
“Thank you, then.”
He beamed at her. Then the [Immortal Moment] was at its end. Zineryr nodded.
“You truly were worth coming here to meet. Erin Solstice—look. What you see here, now?”
He pointed across the lands of the dead as they fought horrors from the edge of the world itself. Ghosts of every species. Zineryr captured Erin’s eye.
“Make it a reality. For they will have allies, and there are always simply those who will profit or do wrong. For there will always be…”
He hesitated. One of the Gnomes looked over Xarkouth’s wing and swore.
“He pierced our spells. Dragon, dodge—”
Xarkouth roared, and Erin saw Zineryr push her urgently. Then a ray of light flashed past her face. It had gone…straight through the Void Dragon’s body. She shouted, and then they were falling as the Dragon roared again and fell out of the sky.
Straight down. Erin slowed and hovered, flailing, and saw Xarkouth plummet into the ocean. The other Gnomes caught themselves and turned. Zineryr grimaced.
“Ah, wonderful. Here comes the first one.”
Emerrhain, the God of Magic, stood in the air, holding an open book in one hand. He pointed at Erin Solstice, face alight with malice.
“There you are. KASIGNA! NORECHL! Your prey.”
He called into the void, and two figures turned, one standing over a collapsed giant of flesh, a Seamwalker. Kasigna turned with Erin’s mother’s face on hers. And the God of the Lost slowly began to smile again. Erin saw Zineryr meet Emerrhain’s gaze.
“Such petty people. Can you believe he ever ruled over anyone?”
Khelta turned as she saw, in the distance, Erin Solstice and the Gnomes facing Emerrhain, with two gods following.
Then another god appeared, and Zineryr sighed.
“Well, that answers that question. We may be saying goodbye sooner than I wished. Time for one last battle.”
 
——
 
There was a kind of grand finality to it. A delightful ending to all the strife and worry. Now, at last, they could put it to rest. The Gnolls and their damned quarrels, unrest in Izril—all of it wrapped up with a neat bow.
To Wall Lord Dragial, the Meeting of Tribes, embroiled in civil war, was the perfect moment. A chance to end it all.
“I don’t intend to wipe out the Gnolls, of course. They are not all there. However, the time has come to finally reclaim the Blade of Mershi. To put an end to Gnollish aggression and claim our land. The Great Plains of Izril. Should they surrender, I will happily spare every Gnoll—we are drawing up a proposed way to funnel them into cities and designated tracts of land. Make no mistake, though—this will be an end to it.”
