8.80
Page 39
They had broken bones, dislocated shoulders, and some had died—but they had survived that? She looked down and saw ten thousand Lizardfolk as tough as steel-coated Dullahans grinning up at her.
The Forgotten Wing Company began to lose the walls.
 
——
 
“It’s not going well.”
Sentry Leader Ekrn was no [Strategist]. His training allowed him to defend Paeth, even fight in mass-battles. Unlike Tallfolk, Sentry Leader was a prestigious position that allowed him to even muster Crelerbane forces at need. Still, he didn’t do armies like this.
But he didn’t need to, to report to Guidance Heish and the other Fraerlings stuck in Elvallian. Even a blind man could have told you what was happening, and there were no blind Fraerlings. At least, none who visited a First Founding city.
[Explorer] Gindal was watching the scrying orb of worldwide news. He had every right to; his home was…gone.
But the other Fraerlings were watching their greatest Tallfolk allies, the Forgotten Wing company, and the Titan’s home, falling.
“How are they doing it, Sentry Leader?”
“Too many [Commanders]. They’re overlapping Skills. Three-Color Stalker didn’t get enough of them. The Skills might expire—but until they do, their Lizardfolk are as tough as metal. We should prepare to evacuate. They still have an air cordon, but we can punch out and risk interception fire.”
“And do nothing?”
One of the Fraerlings, [Emissary] Vuul, who Ekrn had detested as being a fool from a city, protested in shock. Ekrn hesitated.
“There is little we can do.”
There were some things, but the sheer fact was—this army was so vast that Fraerlings had no place in this battle. And Paeth was falling.
No…everywhere was falling. At first, Ekrn had thought the treachery of the Fraerlings had meant that Paeth and Oierdressql were the only cities that had actually been in danger. Now—now he looked up and saw Fraerlings without a home.
Theirs had vanished in a single moment. Explorer Gindal wasn’t focused on the battle. He was just…looking at the flicking viewpoints of battles, waiting for them to cover his home.
The Dyed Lands.
“Torteth of Colors. Explorer Gindal. Is there any word?”
“None.”
The Fraerling didn’t look up. He had Ekrn’s crossbow in his hands, but it was unloaded. His voice was steady.
“There were two Fraerling settlements caught up in the—effect. I haven’t heard from them. If they were stranded out of time for hundreds of years, they would have given up trying. The Dyed Lands are overrun. If they’re there, I will find them.”
Ekrn had seen the predators from that magical zone attacking everything in a ten mile radius. It was a wave of monsters. Yet Explorer Gindal just kept watching.
He would find his home. He only looked up once.
“Paeth. Is it falling?”
“Yes.”
That was all Ekrn said. He sat there, watching Perorn pulling her forces from the first layer of walls. When it ended, they would pull back to the cleared space around the academy. Then fight in the hallways. Some Fraerlings would join the fighting. Most would flee or surrender.
“Has Strategist Perorn called for aid?”
Emissary Vuul demanded. Guidance Heish nodded.
“Commander Foliana has—but she diverted so many forces…and who could break through that army?”
They had some kind of last plan—the Titan always had a plan. But Ekrn couldn’t see it. Even if they won here…
Paeth was falling.
 
——
 
Paeth on the Coast was shaking. The dimensional magic that kept them contained in the tree held. Even as Lizardfolk assaulted the walls, threw [Fireballs]—even when they began to break into the city itself, it held.
