8.80
Page 47
“If you wish us to die for another city and your company, you will have to risk this much, Human.”
A Centaur tossed his head. But he was already following the others as they headed into the city.
We can win this. Ken was sure. In fact, Cameral was looking from the veterans to Talenqual.
“This is it. We must strike—Paeth is in imminent danger of falling, according to Enchanter Resk. We must force the Featherfolk Brigade into believing the battle is lost.”
“Why are they still fighting?”
Aiko had emerged to see what was happening. She had blood on her hands, but she was looking towards the city in ruins. The company engaged in two bloody battles they might never recover from.
Cameral had his head under one arm. The [Strategist] spoke for the mercenaries’ benefit as well as Ken’s. He pointed one hand.
“Only one figure can inspire them to keep fighting. Commander Fezimet is more than just a leader. His Skills may keep them in line. If he dies—it is a shame Adventurer Daly did not kill him. But it must be done. Moreover, there is a sign for the Featherfolk Brigade to see.”
He raised a speaking stone to his lips.
“Strike Leader Siri. Are you safe?”
There was a pause, then Siri spoke.
“—skirmishing. What?”
Cameral looked at Kenjiro Murata, then up calmly.
“I am going to send an advance force towards you consisting of War Walker Bastiom and our new forces. They will punch through the Featherfolk Brigade’s lines and buy you time. My orders to you and Engineer Paige are conditional on one thing: how many blackpowder explosives do you have left?”
Slowly, Ken looked up. Aiko, Kirana, the Earthers, all followed Cameral’s gaze. The new [Mercenaries] didn’t know what Cameral was talking about, but explosives…
“Alchimagus Resk here. How much do you need? What are you intending to destroy?”
Cameral just looked up at the most notable landmark in Talenqual. The Featherfolk Brigade’s headquarters and Fezimet’s tower.
 
——
 
Hope amidst despair. The Gnolls were fighting as the Drakes advanced on them. Numbtongue’s heart was racing out of his chest.
That maniac was laughing. Mrsha could be dead with those Gnolls fighting each other.
Yet the Titan of Baleros laughed. He laughed, with his company burning behind his eyes. With his people dying.
It was that kind of laugh. Part of Numbtongue was glad to hear it, because their motley force, multiple tribes, a Goblin army, and the Fellowship of the Inn—they were no Walled City.
But with the Titan behind them, they might be.
The Fraerling was riding on his pedestal as the Goblin [Bard] played a marching song. It sounded like the growl of lightning on the wind.
Antinium, The Crimson Soldier, Infinitypear and Rasktooth, Goblins, and Gnolls ran after the Titan. They were racing to be the first to the Meeting of Tribes across the Gnoll Plains.
“Fissival is hot on our heels! Titan, what is our strategy?”
The Lomost Chieftain was howling with nerves. Niers Astoragon just pointed ahead.
“We cannot fight a Walled City alone. We strike the Meeting of Tribes first. We’re barely an hour outside of range. When we arrive—I will join forces with Weatherfur. Take out Plain’s Eye and pivot! The Gnolls have enough warriors to fight each Walled City if they plan it right, especially if Oteslia isn’t hostile.”
He looked at the armies preparing for one of the greatest battles Izril had ever seen, and there was a confidence in his gaze. No—more than that.
A lust. A hunger that even Snapjaw had never seen in Reiss, the Goblin Lord. The Titan had been here before. His teeth were bared, and his eyes were locked on the distance.
