8.80
Page 49
The teacher slowed a second and looked at her students. She was limping, her old injury acting up, and only willpower kept her on her hooves. She smiled as she saw the young [Princess], terrified Lizardfolk with swords, Dullahans, and Centaurs who looked at their professor and saw her at her lowest.
“No. This isn’t your battle.”
“But—”
“We don’t make our students take the consequences of losing. You will all surrender; you’ll be treated well or Jungle Tails will make an enemy of every company and nation in the world. We will surrender too, some of us.”
If it came to it. Perorn trotted on. She would have liked to make a lesson of it, but she had no time.
There would be no surrender for the Forgotten Wing’s top officers. Even if she thought of it—Perorn doubted Jungle Tail’s integrity. She just had one thing left to do.
“Fraerlings, I must apologize. I believe the battle is almost lost. I have hopes to turn it around… but I must prepare, as any [Strategist] does, for the worst.”
Perorn strode into their midst, the war room, and saw them turn. They were watching the battle and the news. No doubt following Paeth.
Ah, Paeth…Perorn bowed to Sentry Leader Ekrn and Guidance Heish, and the Sentry Leader just nodded to her.
“You fought well, Strategist. We understand. If you only had four species of Baleros, you might have won.”
“Four…?”
“Centaurs, Dullahans, Selphids, and Fraerlings.”
They were looking at each other. Perorn’s smile was bitter.
“I’m afraid I am no Titan. And I have no idea what Fraerling tactics he might use, Sentry Leader. Only he could ask it of you.”
“Yes.”
Ekrn met Perorn’s gaze, but she had no time for that.
“Where is Commander Foliana?”
The [Rogue] was half out of her bed when Perorn found her. The Centauress and three Selphid soldiers picked her up; Foliana had put on her damaged armor, and she had her daggers.
“I will fight. M-meh. Give me a booster.”
“You will tear your body apart.”
“Yes. And kill them. You need more officer killers. Too many.”
The Squirrel Beastkin woman was still bleeding from the hexes and curse Skills that had prevented her healing. Perorn found the ruined object Foliana had pulled from the last group. She put it on Foliana’s chest.
“Not you. And not today, Three-Color Stalker. Come on. Carry her.”
The Selphids picked up Foliana’s bed, and they trotted after Perorn. Foliana’s head rose dizzily.
“You…is this treachery? Mm.”
Perorn slapped her with her tail, but gently.
“Don’t be stupid. You silly nut-hoarder.”
“Mm. Racist.”
Perorn actually laughed. She threw her head back and walked a bit straighter.
“You have been so aggravating all the years I’ve known you. Ever since you took in a lost little Centaur girl. Time to repay the favor.”
Foliana was blinking up at Perorn. One of the Selphids almost tripped as he looked from Three-Color Stalker to Perorn Fleethoof. But Perorn was directing them down the servants’ quarters. To a place they had never heard of.
“They’ll kill you.”
“If they catch me. We will try to break out of the postern gates at the end. But Forgotten Wing doesn’t collapse because it loses one battle, or three. You know that. In here.”
Perorn touched a door and opened it. She trotted into one of the regular rooms with a bunch of spare clothing. Coats and so on. The Selphids halted.
“Commander?”
“In here.”
The Centauress bent over a carpet and pulled it aside. She revealed…nothing but stone. She muttered several passcodes as she trotted around. She got it wrong and had to do it twice.
“Foot there.”
“I know. It’s designed for you, not me. Hooves are—there.”
