8.80
Page 46
Peclir had not expected this. The [Chamberlain] was wondering if this battle were lost. He pulled something from his robes as Fezimet howled.
“All forces! Advance—no—no, rally on me. Where is that Human who is slaying my officers? Where are they concentrating? I will kill them all. Is that Fraerling city not down yet?”
He was screaming at his subordinates. Breaking under pressure. A Titan he was not. Peclir Im saw the Quexal whirl on him.
“You—you must give me reinforcements! Where are my reinforcements?”
“They cannot arrive. Destroy Paeth, Commander Fezimet. Those are your orders.”
“They are in my city!”
“You will have a dozen cities once this is over!”
Peclir Im was watching Fezimet’s face. The Quexal didn’t think the battle was lost. As far as Peclir could tell, it wasn’t.
Yet…Peclir did not like uncertain battles. So he hid the scroll he was holding behind his back as Fezimet clutched at his chest. He had healed from the two crossbow bolts that Daly had put through him, but the damage must not have been gone.
“Strike them. Strike them dead. We cannot be stopped. We will not.”
He was losing his mind. Peclir Im debated whether now was the time to use the [Teleport] scroll. He did not have to be here to win or lose, and he had few Skills that could have done anything. But he waited—Fezimet’s nerve might break without him. The Quexal was ranting at his subordinates when Peclir Im looked out across Talenqual and raised his voice urgently.
“Commander Fezimet.”
“—find me that Quallet Marshand. Identify them, and I will kill them myself. There are only a few dangerous ones. Find—”
“Commander Fezimet! Are there any Dullahans in your forces?”
Slowly, the Featherfolk Brigade’s commander looked up.
“…Only in the hundreds. None here. Not more than sixty. Why?”
Peclir felt his heart sinking. He stepped back and pointed out of the dome tower towards the east.
“Reinforcements.”
 
——
 
Kenjiro Murata had a crossbow in his hands, but he had not killed anyone yet. He was ready to. But he was standing with Aiko, who had created a nursing tent and was trying to save lives.
She was no Geneva, but she was trying. Ken was no warrior, but he was here.
That was all he could do. So he was also poised to see the four hundred Dullahans coming their way. Kenjiro ran towards them, ignoring calls to get back.
They could be the enemy—but Ken took one look at the Grasgil Blockade and knew.
“Diplomat Murata. We have arrived.”
Ken stared first at the Dullahan wearing Grasgil armor and then at…
“Kirana? Why are you here?”
She was back. The [House Keeper] and over half of the Earthers that had left had suddenly come back. Not alone either. The four hundred Dullahans were not the only force. Centaurs, even other Lizardfolk and Humans were joining them.
A combination army. They were only about two thousand strong, but they were made up of over half a dozen companies.
“Our leader has directed our forces to enter the battle for Talenqual. We are preparing for danger from Seamwalkers. But we are poised to render aid. Where is your battle commander?”
“Strategist Cameral! Reinforcements!”
The Dullahan came running out of a tent as Kenjiro felt his heart soar. But he turned to Kirana.
“Why are you here?”
For answer, she pointed at the Centaurs.
“They saw us and demanded we come with them. Some [Mages] are also here to protect us. They said they wouldn’t march if we didn’t.”
The mercenaries from the Stormhooves Company pawed the ground, ready to enter the battle. Ken shook his head.
“But you’re not fighters.”
