8.80
Page 51
“For I have been wronged once and yet again, I call to ye, the specters of my wrath. [Summon the Swarms of Nerrhavia’s Gardens].”
Niers Astoragon looked up, and Apista, buzzing, beheld someone else’s pets. Wretched, malevolent, fed on flesh and bred to be a weapon for the Immortal Tyrant. Nerrhavia had been a very good client of Belavierr.
The Titan’s army came under attack, but the Fraerling was at least good enough to handle one spell. He halted his army’s flight, ordered them to turn and face the monstrous wasps bred with the essence of Wyverns and far worse.
Belavierr felt someone tug at her dress as she watched.
“Mother. I thought we weren’t hired to take part in the fighting?”
The Stitch Witch’s smile did not abate. Her gaze flicked backwards, and that orange glare focused on a little white Gnoll at the center of all this.
“Sometimes, my daughter, vengeance must have its say. But you are right. Follow me. Watch the Goblin with the Dragonblood crystal sword.”
“Yes, Mother.”
Belavierr strode into the chaos, past Gnolls, a Goblin loosing arrows upwards. She saw an arrow flicker towards her and grabbed it. She didn’t slow.
 
——
 
Bird loosed another arrow without any feathers, and it burst into flame. A strange young woman smiled and pointed as it turned to ash before hitting either.
“Mother! Mother, look! An Ant-person!”
“Pay it no mind.”
The [Bird Hunter] reached for another arrow as the Stitch Witch walked past him. But she didn’t even glance at him. And Bird—Bird hesitated and dropped an arrow.
“…Maviola?”
“He knows my name! Mother—”
“Keep up, Maviola.”
Like a moment of horror, the familiar lady hurried after her mother, pouting.
Like a bad dream. Numbtongue’s head turned, and his expression turned to one of horror. Incomprehension.
But she was so quick. Belavierr strode through the fighting, into the gap she had opened. Towards a single person who saw her coming.
Niers Astoragon raised his finger, hesitating.
Hesitating, because his greatest Skill could only be used once. Hesitating because—
His [Foe Sensor] hadn’t picked her up. Could she dodge that even in an open battlefield after ambushing him? Why was the Stitch Witch smiling?
“Take her down!”
He shifted his finger and pointed at Maviola. The undead girl squeaked, and Belavierr’s gaze snapped to the Fraerling. A Goblin with a crystal sword charged her from the side as Ulvama leapt up, fire blazing from both claws, ready for round two.
Yet Belavierr just raised her robes and put them around Maviola, who hid in her dress.
“Unchivalrous.”
The Titan just howled a curse. He drew his sword. Wavering between Belavierr and the Meeting of Tribes. What was she up to? Belavierr did not make enemies lightly. Why was his [Foe Sensor] not going off? 
He did not want to make her a true foe. She could reverse any battle. But what did she want? Vengeance? No…no.
He looked at her, and his mind raced to a wild conclusion. Suddenly—Niers saw Belavierr.
Stitch Witch.
Manipulator.
Temptress.
Spider.
So many names—but one of her core personalities—something he had forgotten? Niers bellowed.
“No!”
And he dove. He dove—as a flurry of needles destroyed his pedestal. They lanced through the air, a flurry whirling around the tiny Fraerling like lances. But Belavierr was a master of her craft.
She only needed one. It was a single needle that was as white as bone, for it had been made of a Unicorn’s horn, attached to a single thread redder than blood. It struck Niers Astoragon in the shoulder, and the Titan howled in pain.
He looked at the red thread, and Belavierr whispered.
