8.80
Page 12
“So long we argued upon that brink, hoping it would not come to it. But they would not relent. We were their subjects. When the Elves stood against them, the gods smote them with armies and magic and the wrath of heaven. So the Gnomes joined our kin, the Dwarves made weapons beyond the likes of which any had dreamed. They were laughing until we slew the first of their number. Then the blood of god and mortals ran into the oceans.”
The Gnomes looked at Erin. Zineryr’s voice was low.
“…In time, every kingdom was all but rubble and the pantheons emptied. Gods took sides. So did every mortal race. Realms beyond this one joined the fighting and suffered for it. They died, but so did we. It was a war.”
It was just a war. Like every one Erin had known…and greater than she could imagine. She sat there, heart beating, as Zineryr took a long breath.
“And in the end, we won. The gods died, leaving only mortals to pick up the pieces and decide what came next. The survivors of both sides, Sprigaena’s loyalists and the few like we Gnomes, stood in the aftermath and the death of gods, and we knew it was over. They kept fighting, a while, after it ended. Sprigaena hunted us—and killed some.”
“She got me.”
A Gnome waved his hand from the front. Zineryr nodded.
“…The rest of us made preparations as the mortal world forgot and rebuilt. A world without gods was our victory. A world without gods or Elves or my kin, and so many others.”
A tear dripped from one of Zineryr’s eyes, but no more. He had wept it all long ago.
“I lived for thousands of years after that, mostly helping rebuild, battling loyalists, making sure all was safe. Making what amends we could to the other worlds. I spent my last centuries with the tiny people that appeared. Fraerlings. We meddled, made plans, and died. I regret to say that while we made a lot of preparations, we completely missed Rhir. That one was buried so deep we didn’t realize for countless ages something was wrong and then…”
He sighed.
“We were dead.”
“And you didn’t have kids? You said that. Why?”
Zineryr scratched at his beard.
“You know, children are delightful. Ours would have been too intelligent. They would have asked too many questions, you see? We were tired. Every door was shut. Some of us chose to leave, before the war, and the rest after. We bade them best wishes wherever they went. But we eighteen chose to stay. Just in case. The last Elves, Sprigaena included, died out, and their children became half-Elves because only two Elves can create another Elf. Sort of a genetic flaw, that. But the doors were sealed, so nothing could leave. You see—they were alive, but starving.”
“The dead gods.”
The Gnome nodded.
“Exactly. They would have fled—if they could. So no children. No great magics—the world was shattered. We had won the war, but they were not dead…yet. Dying.”
“I don’t get it. How did you win if…how did it end?”
The Gnomes still on dragonback shook their heads. Zineryr looked at Xarkouth.
