8.80
Page 59
He thought he was dreaming. How else to explain…the figure who stepped out of the air. He was actually shorter than Ilekrome, because he had sized himself down. A sad smile on his face, and as transparent as a thought.
Yet the Gnome waved to Ilekrome, and the Enchanter looked up.
“The Clockmakers?”
His breath caught, and Zineryr smiled at him. He looked into the distance. There was a world of things to say and no time.
The Lizardfolk were trying to chop Paeth down. Each blow made the tree shudder. The Gnome looked into the eyes of his greatest foe. There was only one thing he could say.
One thing to ever say.
“Open The Last Box.”
Enchanter Ilekrome’s head rose. The Gnome slowly pointed and traced something on that cube of infinite dimension, countless puzzles.
It was something they had learned from the fae. It responded to him. The Gnome’s finger traced a square—and the door was there. Enchanter Ilekrome saw it appear, before all the other puzzles. A single door.
He looked at the Gnome, and the figure waited. Enchanter Ilekrome ran to the door. He grasped at the little handle and threw it open. He looked into the greatest mystery of the Gnomes, and his breath caught. The tears on his eyes, the despair…
He looked up at the Gnome.
“Is this a joke?”
The Fraerling slowly dropped his hands to his sides as he stared into The Last Box. There was nothing there. Just…blank space. He turned to rage at this apparition, this—this cruel trick! This ghost who mocked Fraerlings in their last hours.
Then he saw Zineryr smiling. The Gnome was smiling and laughing. He leaned forwards, and despite his fury, his despair and shock—the Enchanter leaned forwards. Zineryr whispered in Ilekrome’s ear.
“No. It’s a trick.”
 
——
 
Emerrhain, the God of Magic, didn’t know why Zineryr had stopped. Perhaps the Gnome had given up? Or was he preparing a final gesture?
The God of Magic expected a trick, but he was drunk on victory. The Gnomes had practically walked into his grasp. It was so easy.
Of course it was. Zineryr looked up calmly as his kin’s sacrifice was realized. He stepped sideways, and Emerrhain saw it.
“What is…that?”
He beheld The Last Box and the Gnome’s final trick. It was just…a tiny cube hidden away in Fraerling cities. So small that even the dead gods wouldn’t notice it, and hidden from the rest of the world as well. A series of puzzles. An instruction manual in the form of the greatest riddle.
And one more thing.
There was a little door that was open in The Last Box. Fae magic—perspective. Emerrhain stared into the blank space and saw a void the size of infinity beyond. Great magic—but Gnomes had always made amazing things.
Then he realized he was inside the white space, staring out. The world flipped suddenly, and Emerrhain was inverted. He stood in a blank space and saw a tiny little door in the distance.
“No—”
The God of Magic whirled. Then he leapt for the door.
Zineryr slammed it shut. The opening vanished, and Emerrhain realized—
He was in the box. This wasn’t just a puzzle. It wasn’t just a cube. It was…
A container. A container made so well and hidden for so long no force in the world could destroy it. A prison for something greater than a soul.
A box meant for a god.
What was in the great secret box of myths? It depended on the story, but it was usually symbolic. A revelation. Or all the evils in the world—that was one of the bad options.
Usually, though, the cop out from the divine entity, the wise master, was something pithy like ‘nothing’ because the answer was inside you all along and they couldn’t live up to expectations.
