8.80
Page 20
“We are communicating on military channels, Wall Lord. Admiral of the Land, Admiral Horsthe, has indicated that Zeres is too busy to engage in diplomatic channels with the Admiralty. He is directing us towards their [Diplomats]—”
Nerul looked up as Ilvriss lost his temper. He grabbed the [Message] spell. Then he shredded it.
“Inform Admiral Horsthe that if Zeres does not want to be flanked by Salazsar to the rear, they will arrange a meeting with me now. Or we will engage in an immediate alliance with Oteslia.”
“Sir?”
General Greex paled. He checked his shoulder.
“They are marching with Liscor’s army. And they have a force twice our size—”
“Send the [Message], Captain Shieldscale. I will not have more idiocy. We are not bound to attack Gnolls. Why can no one see this?”
Ilvriss was panting with frustration. He looked around and saw Shriekblade watching him. Ilvriss straightened, catching himself. Xesci was not going to be in the fighting, obviously, so they had asked her to wait with his sister and mother. Ilvriss closed his eyes.
“Someone must stop this madness. Why do we need to fight the Gnolls? Just what did they do to us to warrant this? Not as a species. Not one tribe—all of them. Why are we marching armies on them?”
No one had an answer at first. It was Nerul, sipping from a wine cup as he watched the fighting, who grimaced and turned to his nephew.
“Isn’t it obvious, Ilvriss? We’re afraid that once they stop killing each other and think about how they came to it—we are afraid of what they will do to us with every right.”
Ilvriss shook his head, but what had he expected? Everyone knew why they were attacking. It was just so damned pointless with the Humans in the north.
Shortsighted. That was it. He felt like he’d been living in a tiny shell, a single city as small as could be, and forgot there was a world outside. Drakes and Gnolls fighting over half of Izril.
“…forgetting even the Antinium are here. Forgetting the end of the world is coming. If there ever was an answer, Uncle, we’ve found it.”
“Hm? What answer?”
Ilvriss had a bitter smile on his face as he looked around.
“Fetohep of Khelt, the Empire of Drath, the Blighted Kingdom, and countless nations are sounding the alarm. Here we are, fighting each other.”
To that…there was nothing to say at all. Ilvriss’ head turned, and he looked southwards. Not that he had a perfect sense of direction, but he had asked.
South, towards Chandrar. That was where he had heard it.
That glorious call, echoing across the world yesterday as dusk set. Ilvriss could have ridden into the sea to follow it. Yet he knew that it was not calling him to the location, but to arms.
Many doubted their memories already, Ilvriss was certain it had not been a figment of his imagination. Somehow—somewhere—he knew who had blown that horn.
“Even in death, they won’t stop haunting me. Shaming me by doing more in months than I have in my entire life. General Greex?”
The Drakes were watching him. Ilvriss broke out of his stupor.
“March your [Soldiers] faster. This is the end of something. I will not have it said that when the world called, the City of Gems failed again. Hurry.”
He turned his head to the scrying orb. Osthia Blackwing looked up slowly; she had gone pale as the chatter of news showing the war among Gnolls, Khelt’s dramatic armies crossing the land, war in A’ctelios Salash suddenly…switched.
The first omens of the end appeared for all to see, and not even Wistram could deny it. Ilvriss murmured as every eye turned to the scrying orb.
“Ah. How do we fight that?”
 
——
 
