8.80
Page 58
He was their god.
Emerrhain was hunting them down. Zineryr saw the beatific pleasure it caused Emerrhain each time he caught one of the Gnomes.
Eighteen…now three. The Gnomes were no longer smiling. They just kept running, splitting up. The God of Magic spoke, taunting them.
“You will interfere in no more plans. No more schemes, tricksters. How does it feel, to know that I was ever the victor? I play games far longer than you can imagine.”
One of the Gnomes leaping through the air raised a hand.
“Serious question, Emerrhain? Ere I end? Will the God of Magic answer me one last thing?”
Zineryr ducked away as Emerrhain turned, gracious, condescending in victory.
“Ask. Calispe.”
The Gnome hovered there as Zineryr and the other Gnome looked at each other. She and he nodded and headed to their goals. A location. The Gnome spoke, staring Emerrhain dead in the eye.
“Are you scientifically, biologically, truly ‘gods’ or a kind of advanced divine amoeba? Because spiritually—you are not gods. Gods are a concept. Other religions had them as omniscient. You are all too real and too fallible.”
The God of Magic met her dancing smile and snarled. He reached out as she saluted her kin.
Then there were two.
Zineryr wondered if he would be the last one. He waited—but the God of Magic had chosen the other Gnome as his second-to-last target. She led him on a merry chase as Zineryr did what had to be done.
“You defied us. Did you not see the grandness of our ideas? Truly, Ameitp?”
The Gnome swept him a smile as she swung through the branches, her burnished skin glinting over tattoos she had been given from a dozen realities. A sad, contemptuous smile.
“Your grand ideas, Emerrhain? Don’t blame us. Blame yourselves. You all created us to be intelligent, then grew upset when we grew bored of your playground. We looked up in wonder at the stars above. Then we took a closer look and discovered that the constellations were mere orbs you hung in the night sky because you didn’t understand how it worked.”
She dodged one hand, slipping around him.
“We went to other worlds to laugh and see what wonders lay in all realities. They suffered for it. They suffered for your entertainment. Have you forgotten what it is like to stand against cruelty? Or did you never kn—”
He touched her, and she vanished. Panting, shaking with fury, he turned to the last Gnome.
 
——
 
Now, Zineryr was walking. He couldn’t help it. He knew the urgency. He knew his time was up.
But still…he walked a moment.
Walked and shed no tears for the last of his kin. They had all died long ago. If he did weep—it was because they had failed, in the end.
“We should have been cleverer. We have left you such a burden, you children of another world. My little cousins. The world has never been kind to the small.”
The last Gnome in existence came to a stop at his destination. He looked at the broken city and came to rest where the world was just a bit warped.
Folded over, so if you were careful…you could see the weeping Fraerling kneeling there. Zineryr bent down. He sighed, and whispered as the God of Magic came for him.
“The Smallest Folk in the world have ever been the bravest. Little cousin, little cousin. I have a favor to ask you.”
 
——
 
Enchanter Ilekrome was waiting for the end. Paeth was evacuating, but many Fraerlings were just trapped. Waiting for him to finish the ritual that would deny the Tallfolk their secrets.
And bury The Last Box deep.
