8.80
Page 53
“Give the evacuation order. Paeth is lost. Tallguard. Defend me for ten minutes. Use everything you have left. Signim free.”
 
——
 
Signim free. It was the last resort of the Tallguard. From Sentry Leader to Noa—it was the most valuable object any Tallguard was issued. An object they could only use at last resort because even the best Fraerling Cities could only produce a little bit each year.
That rare, expensive weapon of the Fraerlings.
Signim was a little, shatterproof bottle marked with a simple sign. Because each bottle was reused—enchanted to keep the magic—it could be stylized more than a cheap potion bottle.
It looked…like a little Fraerling, sword raised to the sky. Like the boast of young Fraerlings.
I will slay the sky.
Noa lifted the one Signim she carried as Sentry Leader Ekrn flew away from Elvallian on a hawk. He looked at his Signim.
 
——
 
“Noa. Give it to me.”
Someone interrupted Noa. She looked up and saw a Fraerling with no Signim.
Alchimagus Resk reached for the bottle as they stood amid the two sides facing each other. Noa’s eyes went wide.
“No. I have to—”
“I am a Level 35 [Mage] and a Level 32 [Alchemist]. You are lower-level than me. Give me the Signim.”
Noa looked at Resk. Then, slowly, she handed him her Signim. The Alchimagus cradled the little bottle in his hands.
“It’s so little. I hated making it whenever we got enough ingredients for some. I resented it every time you Tallguard used it. How silly. I see it now. Signim…it’s the only thing that makes it fair. Stand clear, Noa.”
He lifted the little bottle, ignored by the Tallfolk in their drama, even though they were fighting over Fraerlings. Resk drank the potion down and laughed.
“It tastes like chicken broth. You know? It tastes like—”
He leapt from Luan’s shoulder as the Human looked at the two Fraerlings. Luan met Noa’s eyes and saw they were sparkling with tears. Then Luan saw Resk falling through the air, tumbling.
Luan reached out to catch him. But the tiny Fraerling just met his eyes.
Alchimagus Resk landed on the ground. He caught himself, stumbling, as the Featherfolk Brigade whirled to stare at him. The Fraerling mage with pink hair brushed at it, felt at his robes, and then looked up…then down, slowly.
He looked down at Luan Khumalo as the Fraerling straightened. Alchimagus Resk turned and gazed at the Lizardfolk.
“I was tall all along!”
He was six-foot-five. A barrel-chested man who could have wrestled a Minotaur. The Fraerling felt at his body and then whirled. He looked at the tiny young woman gazing at him.
“Signim.”
It was a whisper of awe. Luan saw Daly and the other Tallfolk turn in sudden shock. But Resk just straightened.
“Yes. Signim. I am Alchimagus Resk of Paeth. In the name of my city—you are all dead.”
He pointed at the Featherfolk Brigade. Signim.
A Fraerling’s last resort.
 
——
 
“Tallguard of Feiland.”
A single warrior in bloody armor stood in front of the scared Lizardfolk and Nagas. He was wounded, but one Fraerling had a single Signim that the Alchimeer had managed to create.
One Signim.
Four minutes. For four minutes…the Tallguard laughed and charged the Tallfolk. They surrounded him, stabbing, eating spells, outnumbering him—
But it was easy.
So easy. He had fought giants all his life. Cats killed Fraerlings. They had trained to be stronger than their size!
