8.80
Page 63
He was falling alone. One little Fraerling, diving into a sea of Lizardfolk. But he had a target. He saw the Lamia [General]. The former Great Company of Balaeros was all focused on Niers. Even then—
How did you stop a man as small as a cup? With an arrow? Could you even see him?
Ekrn was laughing as he fell. Fraerlings didn’t fear falling. They were too light.
He landed as softly as could be on the Lamia’s head itself. The Naga recoiled.
“What the—”
She grabbed him and saw the grinning Fraerling looking at her. The Lamia blanched, and she began to squeeze.
Ekrn had already drunk his Signim.
The Fraerling saw the Lamia recoil as he exploded out of her grip. He landed on the ground.
“Fraer—”
He lifted the spare crossbow and shot her through the chest. For good measure, Ekrn beheaded the armored Lamia and stabbed her twice more. He looked around as Jungle Tails officers recoiled.
The Fraerling took one breath.
“Tallguard of Feiland! For Paeth on the Coast!”
Around him, Fraerlings were landing. Changing size. An officer recoiled as Gindal fired a Vortex Bolt straight into his face. After that, nothing was left of them at all, nor a fifteen foot space around them. Then—Ekrn stabbed another Naga through the face. He whirled his blade, saw them coming for him, and felt the microdose of Signim wear off. He was shrinking as they stabbed at him.
Gindal was bleeding as he shrank. Another Tallguard was already dead. She had missed her target. But enough—enough officers had died. Ekrn knew he had to wait. A bleeding, six-inch-tall Fraerling lay on his back.
Then he activated his [Teleport] scroll and vanished.
 
——
 
The Titan saw Jungle Tails losing their officers. He pointed ahead.
“[Charge of the Strategist]. Follow me!”
The Titan began to run, sword raised. It was a stupid, Venaz-intelligence move. But sometimes you had to do it. Just to show the enemy they needed to be afraid.
The Forgotten Wing Company was right behind him. The Titan locked eyes with Perorn as her forces fought in the middle of Jungle Tails’ company.
“Fleethoof! Deliver them our wrath!”
The Titan of Baleros screamed. Perorn saw him point his blade at her. She was stumbling, surrounded by foes, but her force waited, fighting the Lizardfolk as they began to surround and tear them apart.
Skirmishers. Centaurs and mobility experts, the worst forces to have in a siege and close-quarters. So why…?
Then she heard it. The Titan’s lips moved.
“[Brigade: Castling the Pieces].”
And Perorn saw the Titan vanish. She saw a Gorgon poised to strike her turn into a stranger, whirling, a guitar singing with electricity in his grip.
“Chieftain Shaik?”
Numbtongue met Perorn’s gaze in astonishment and confusion. She raised her bow—then looked around. Her forces, an entire brigade’s strength, had just…swapped places with another force under the Titan’s command.
Across the entire world. Numbtongue saw the Centauress whirl.
“Are you the Titan’s allies? I am Strategist Perorn. Give me an appraisal on the situation.”
He lowered his guitar as his eyes went wide.
“No way.”
 
——
 
Goblins looked around as they appeared in the middle of the Jungle Tails formation. The Naga recoiled in surprise and horror. Niers just bellowed.
“Chieftain Shaik! Ghost mushrooms! Take them apart!”
A surprised Goblin riding a giant spider whirled. She didn’t know where she and her tribe were—but Goblins could see a threat. Niers bellowed.
“Charge!”
He led the way forwards as Jungle Tails began to panic. A continent away—Perorn Fleethoof found herself galloping across the Gnoll Plains.
 
——
 
