8.80
Page 62
“I’m sorry. The tall folk can be cruel. No one likes people who laugh too loud.”
He smiled, and Ilekrome’s eyes were running as the spell activated.
“Why? All this? All these gifts? This?”
He looked at the Gnome as the spell activated. For answer, Zineryr just threw back his head and laughed.
The last Gnome, Zineryr, stood there, slouched slightly so he stood taller on his left side, head tilted slightly. Grinning with the purest spark of mischief in his eyes. He had lines of age, and his hair had gone white, so he had dyed it silver and combed it into a frizzy spike of hair and made it stay there. He aged, but he refused to grow old.
He was the first Gnome to ever see the stars. The one who had built a vessel to defy gravity. His clothing was like a jumpsuit and tinkerer’s vest, where old tools hung, the collar and sleeves strung with metal to lock his gloves and a helmet into place. He had made everything he wore, from his all-terrain boots to the pouches and zippers built into his suit.
If he had flesh, he would have had a gadget for any moment. A surprise for children. A bit of hope in half a dozen pockets.
The magic illuminated him fully, and Zineryr winked at the Fraerlings. He lifted a hand in a casual salute, one last farewell.
“Silly cousins. Helping people never needed a reason. It was just fun.”
The magic activated. Zineryr vanished with a laugh, and a god screamed as he was cast away. The Tallfolk looked up as the Great Tree of Paeth on the Coast shone. Soldiers ran back in fear—and they all looked up as Paeth vanished.
One last trick. But because he was a Gnome, Zineryr managed two.
 
——
 
The Titan of Baleros stood. At first, they didn’t see him. Then he leapt from Perorn’s shoulder and drank the Signim.
There was a reason for his name. It told people what Signim was. It wasn’t that big a secret.
The Jungle Tails company saw Niers Astoragon walk to the head of his army. Calling out to [Soldiers], clapping hands.
Apologizing for being late. He had tears in his eyes.
At first—they thought he was a double. A fake. But the Titan just looked at them. He raised a speaking stone to his lips.
“Tallguard. I will repay every debt.”
“Shut up, Titan. We weren’t doing this for you. Avenge Paeth.”
Sentry Leader Ekrn barked back. Niers Astoragon looked up at the birds circling the carrion fields.
“I swear. Forgotten Wing! To me! Prepare to charge!”
The empowered Lizardfolk were squaring up as their officers quashed the sudden dismay and fear. Perorn trotted forwards.
“Niers. We’re still outmatched.”
“We have the momentum against them. I have one last trick. I need you to take Centaurs—and some of your finest. Your personal command; not a generic vanguard, but skirmishers—and do a suicide charge straight at their [General].”
Fleethoof looked straight into Niers’ eyes. She didn’t hesitate.
“Of course.”
She was already mustering when Niers pointed ahead.
“Wait for it. Wait…”
The Centaur galloped across the field at the Lizardfolk, who looked at her death-charge with her personal forces. They were never meant for close-combat fighting—hit and runs. She was headed straight for their command. Niers Astoragon looked up at the sky.
“Tallguard. Drop.”
 
——
 
Sentry Leader Ekrn was already falling. They had already begun the Fraerling combined tactics that Niers had once invented.
Not for him. For the Forgotten Wing. For vengeance and Paeth.
Explorer Gindal hadn’t given Ekrn back his crossbow when the Tallguard asked for it again. He was falling too. Ekrn couldn’t see him.
