8.80
Page 9
“Yes, yes. I saw. You can’t access other dimensions here. Or else we’d all be able to leave. Teleportation is out or we wouldn’t need your slow wings. Take us away from that Seamwalker! Now!”
Xarkouth and Erin turned and saw a third one coming their way. Fast. It was lunging through the ocean in huge flops of motion. It had neither arms nor legs, and it was…what, bone? Something between the two, flowing and solidifying by turns, slick with liquid.
Solid matter, sickly yellow, forming a lattice of a body, and a lower half that oozed into the water. However, the upper half was just that strange, almost geometric lattice and a single ‘heart’ exposed to the world. Like a skeleton.
Forewarned, Xarkouth flew as fast as he could away from it. When Gnomes sounded urgent…
The powerful pyromancer spotted a new target and conjured a gigantic, green fireball the size of a house. They tossed it down, and Erin saw the beating heart, too spherical by far, laced with diseased blue and purple flesh—
Pulse.
The magic spell vanished. The fire went out, but Erin swore she saw something being sucked into the heart. As if it, like Xarkouth’s magic, were a maw, and it was eating…
“Magic. Is it—?”
“Uh oh.”
The Void Dragonlord flew faster, and Erin saw the ‘heart’ was no heart at all. The center of the Seamwalker expanded as the mouth opened, and it ate the magic around it.
The ghostly [Mage] flew out of the sky helplessly, and Xarkouth flapped desperately. At the edges of the anti-magic zone, he lost momentum but stabilized after gaining some ground; the devourer was circling the waters behind it.
“How are we supposed to fight that?”
The Gnomes were watching the Seamwalkers as the others caught up, using it as a kind of shield against the powerful magic.
“Some will be immune or devour magic. I suppose you get one of your high…level warriors and have them hit it. Giants will do. Or an Elf. Is Sprigaena still dead?”
“I don’t see her. Eyes out for Kasigna, Emerrhain? Norechl’s still back there. Tamaroth or Cauwine? Even if one got the body, I can’t believe they’d share.”
“That would be a hilariously short-lived scenario. Bets on who got it? What’s our optimal scenario here?”
“Kasigna ate Emerrhain?”
“Ooh. I like that.”
They were…calm. Chatting and clearly still on Plan A, whatever Plan A was. In fact—one pointed.
“I see more of Chandrar’s ghosts! Dropping!”
One of the nine Gnomes leapt off Xarkouth’s back as he spotted some [Pirates] on a ship. She adjusted a pair of goggles as she skydived downwards. Erin saw her rotate, give a thumbs up, then land on the ship in front of the startled ghosts.
They were so cool. And they spoke like they’d seen everything, even the Seamwalkers, before. Then she felt a tap on the shoulder.
“Alright, until something comes up, we’ve got time. Back to what you need to know.”
Erin gulped as Zineryr spoke to her. Other Gnomes were chattering, running commentary, giving Xarkouth sass, or preparing to visit more ghosts for reasons yet unknown. But her Gnome was eying her.
“Are you sure? I mean—everything’s happening! Shouldn’t we fight?”
Zineryr shook his head.
“Every ghost in existence is down there, fighting. What would two more do?”
“But you’re a Gnome…don’t you know super-magic?”
He grinned toothily at her.
“You’re thinking of Djinni, Dragons, even Elves, Erin. We’re Gnomes. We make things. If I had to fight, I’d make something to fight in. Besides, you know Norechl’s kin aren’t the real enemy. If they get loose, it will be one thing. Those six…that is our job.”
The other Gnomes nodded, and Erin gulped.
