8.80
Page 56
Blood fell as the War Walker’s head slowly toppled from his body. Bastiom’s lifeless gaze met Luan’s as his head fell to the ground.
Fezimet leapt again at a third target. Quallet Marshhand looked up and raised his axe and shield. Luan was looking for Resk. He couldn’t find…find…
In the distance, he saw Cotm slowing, blades red. Noa was firing crossbow bolts, shouting something at him.
His time was up.
 
——
 
The Fraerling felt the Signim wearing off. Tallguard Cotm threw one of his swords, then whirled. He was shrinking.
The Signim activated in a moment but gave him seconds to hide. To run. It…it did no good.
The screaming Lizardfolk were around him. Cotm shrank. How many had he killed? Two dozen? Three?
“Tallguard of Feiland.”
He lifted his sword, a six-inch-tall man looking up at a Lizardfolk as a foot rose to stomp down. Everything he had ever trained for. All their magic. Erased just because they had been born bigger.
Cotm raised his blade to stab the Lizardfolk through the heel. Then a hand scooped him up. He stabbed it.
“Ow, you idiot.”
The Fraerling looked up into a familiar face, far larger than his.
“Kessice?”
His partner smiled down at him, bloody and panting. Cotm looked up and realized—she had activated her Signim after him.
Oh. Of course.
It was on purpose. Kessice lifted Cotm up so they were eye-to-eye.
“Look after Noa, would you?”
“Kessice—don’t—”
The Tallguard spun. She lifted her partner as the Lizardfolk tried to drag her down. She was shrinking too. Then she threw Cotm.
“Kessice!”
He saw her before the world blurred. His partner, fighting alone. Cotm was spinning, flailing. Trying to—
He hit something and fell down.
 
——
 
It was all going wrong. Umina looked around.
“Where are you going? Where’s…?”
Bastiom, one of the War Walkers, was dead. Two of the Fraerlings—three?—were dead.
The Iron Vanguard were retreating to their ship. They had left half their company behind. The [Captain] turned to Umina.
“We have done all we can. We cannot keep fighting. That Quexal—we cannot stop him.”
He pointed across the shattered city, houses burnt or leveled from the explosions and fighting.
One Quexal. Just one. Leader of the Featherfolk Brigade.
Fezimet had transformed into a bloody serpent, eyes glassy with hatred, blood and flesh dripping from his fangs.
He met Quallet Marshhand, towering over the Human man as the two fought. An axe cut into his side, and Fezimet buried his teeth in Quallet’s shoulder, crunching into bone. The [Mercenary] swung his axe into Fezimet’s side again and again, but the Quexal bit and bit.
The two fought in silence, trying to tear and cut each other apart. Quallet’s arm rose, and he buried the axe so deep it nearly cut Fezimet’s tail from his body. Then he looked up as a hissing mouth of fangs opened. He stared up as the teeth closed and let go of his axe. He drew a dagger and stabbed once. The Quexal jerked as the dagger went into his side.
Then he lifted his head. The United Nations Company gazed at a familiar sight. A warrior of Baleros. A mercenary who had forgotten everything. Nothing was left in his eyes, not gold, not power or survival.
Just death and murder.
Quallet Marshhand was dead. One his axes was buried in Fezimet’s tail. Yet the Quexal didn’t stop. A single healing potion began to knit his wounds as he shrieked and charged.
“Bushrangers—fire—”
Siri took aim, but the Quexal barely flinched as the bolts slammed into him. He was charging them.
“Siri! Tofte—”
