8.80
Page 10
“S-so what, I should listen, and you’ll tell me everything?”
“Yep. You are by way of a contingency in yourself. Someone who might live…isn’t it worth arming them as best we can?”
The young woman opened and closed her mouth. Erin hesitated.
“But what if I forget?”
Another Gnome hopped off Xarkouth’s back with a laugh. Zineryr shrugged.
“Then you forget. Frankly, it’s a huge possibility. Death, trauma, someone eating you before we manage it. Don’t worry. You are not the only plan in motion. I’m the one out of eighteen devoted to you. We have a plan. So just listen and do what you think you can.”
He patted her hand again cheerfully.
“That’s how plans work. The best ones adapt for failure. For instance, we didn’t know Emerrhain had a backup way to access the design. We just suspected it was in his nature.”
Erin was surprised.
“Oh? What would you have done if he didn’t turn on Skills?”
Zineryr winked slyly.
“Ah, well, Kasigna could do it too, I bet. If Emerrhain didn’t succumb to fear, we’d have hoped Kasigna would restore that function once she started losing to that.”
He nodded at the Timewalker. Zineryr raised a finger.
“Failing that? We’d tear a hole straight into the lands of the living. But that would escalate things. Our goal is to find the best outcome. Back to stories.”
Erin and Xarkouth’s heads were both fixed on the Gnome.
“Wait! You can’t just—”
“You can do what?”
The Dragonlord roared. The [Innkeeper] saw the pure mischief on Zineryr’s face. He waved a hand airily.
“Come, come, you two. Focus.”
That was a Gnome for you. Erin began to get it. Stories about Gnomes always made them clever. These ones were the cool grandparents, skydivers, inventors with goggles. Pranksters.
And they made the dead gods nervous. Because…because the Gnomes had humiliated them before. Because they were smart. And they had been there at the beginning.
Zineryr looked across the lands of the dead, so unlike the world he had known. He sat there, legs dangling over the scaly side of the Void Dragonlord as wind blew around them, but the ghosts felt no cold. Such a tiny Gnome, second-shortest of all.
When he had lived, they had been the smallest race. He spoke in a far-off voice, losing the mischief, his tone longing, nostalgic and regretful. He frowned as he looked at the fighting below them, ghosts versus Seamwalkers.
“Drat, if only we had time. If we had a month, a week—but they just had to end the world now.”
Time. Erin saw the largest Seamwalker of them all, dwarfing even the Giants, so large it didn’t fit on this world. Reaching out with the eyes of a thousand hands to swipe at a Dragon who dodged the slow blow—then appeared in its grasp, screaming—and vanished.
“Time?”
They had mere minutes to relate a story across lifetimes. The Gnome frowned—and glanced at Erin.
“Time magic is always dangerous. Your Skills can do things even the greatest magicians of our era couldn’t. Create new matter at no cost. Even creating a speck of dust from nothing would give Elves a great challenge. Why? You sound like you have an idea.”
“What about…an [Immortal Moment]?”
The Gnome blinked at Erin. For the first time, she saw an expression of pure surprise on his face. Then he whirled.
The great Devourer of Time was halted in midair. Xarkouth kept beating his wings, but the Void Dragon realized—he wasn’t going anywhere. Everyone was fighting below—Erin saw magic bloom across a Seamwalker who looked up at her…but it seemed like an eternity for the magic to lash its body.
The world froze a second. The Gnomes looked at each other, then burst into merry laughter.
