8.80
Page 54
Signim let them keep that. It was more than a Potion of Growth. Fraerling-made gear, from a sword to armor, grew with him. He locked blades with a Naga and threw the entire Naga backwards. Then the Tallguard swung his sword through a Lizardfolk’s guard. Stronger. Fearless.
He staggered as someone ran him through the side. The Tallguard whirled as his kin watched him die.
Signim.
 
——
 
Alchimagus Resk stood, facing the blustering Lizardfolk, who had retreated a step. He was flicking his fingers, flexing his shoulders.
Cotm watched. He and Kessice had their Signim too, but Resk was just…talking.
“You dare claim this was their fault? You—do you not see how we die? Do our lives mean so little?”
The Lamia had a cruel smile on her face, but she was flicking her eyes to the others. She sensed how much magic the Fraerling had in him.
It was little threat when he was six inches high. But now? His magical power had just magnified tenfold. He might be the highest-level person in the city.
But he had a time limit. Resk was shaking with fury.
“You hoard magic like this like a Wyrm, Fraerling. If you only shared—”
“Enough excuses! Enough lies! Fezimet! Face me!”
Resk lifted his hands over his head, but the Quexal was nowhere to be seen. Luan was still stunned, but Daly realized the same thing as the Lamia.
“The Signim wears off—”
Enchanter Resk jabbed a finger at the Lamia.
“Pull your forces back or I will destroy you all! My oath on it!”
She made a show of looking around, distracting the civilian.
“Only Fezimet could do that. Perhaps we can parlay?”
She smirked, and Cotm was counting.
Forty seconds…forty-six…Alchimagus Resk closed his eyes, and one of the Lizardfolk raised a bow. Instantly, both sides raised their weapons.
“Do you really want to die so badly, Fraerling? There is only one of you, and that potion has a limit. Parlay.”
“We are beyond that, you foul Tallfolk.”
Resk was wiping at his eyes. But when the Alchimagus raised his head, he was dry-eyed. And his magic burned. The Lamia tensed, but she sneered at him anyways as she raised a pair of wands.
“We may be fools—but we are warriors. You’ve wasted your valuable potion.”
Resk just blinked at her as Cotm shook his head. The Alchimagus closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
“Tallfolk Lamia. You are a poor [Mage]. I would fail you out of my second-year classes. I am an [Alchimagus] of Paeth. The entire time we have spent talking? I have been casting spells. Including now.”
The Lamia blinked at Resk, mouth open. Then the cobblestones under her glowed.
The first [Fireblast] obliterated her and three officers. Resk lifted his hands.
“[Chain Lightning].”
Daly recoiled as the air ionized and dozens of bolts of lightning struck the soldiers across from Resk. Panting, he touched his chest.
“[Mithril Body]. [Magnesis—”
He ran over to touch a fallen wagon. He was an Alchimagus, not a warmage. The Featherfolk Brigade charged.
Lizardfolk fighting in the streets. Daly shot one through the chest, but there were so many that his bolt went through two and didn’t slow the oncoming rush. Then a dozen Lizardfolk ran into the open ground and—
Bounced.
The leaping spell that Resk had cast on that span of stone hurled them up like cartoon characters. Daly saw them fly up, screaming, and land—
There were no cushions or spells to catch them. Alchimagus Resk whirled. He pointed.
“[Magnesis: Attraction Polarity]!”
What was he doing? Luan swung a short oar like a razorblade, keeping Lizardfolk back. Then he saw the wagon begin flying through the air. It was—
