8.80
Page 0

(Book 6, The General of Izril is available for preorder on Audible! Check it out here.)
 
 
 
 
My old friend.
That was how it felt. Like an old friend walking through your door when you least expected it. It might be foreign to other worlds, but all the peoples of this one had lived every day with Skills, such that they were as familiar to their owners as a hand, as unconscious as taking a breath.
It was not just the voice, that dispassionate speech that almost sounded a bit like…you. That announcement, which could be terrible or welcome, that arrived while you were on the verge of sleep or lying on the borders of consciousness with plague or blood loss or fainting in the middle of some great effort.
Skills and classes made people who they were. A [Blademaster]’s Skills gave them some of their legendary talent with the sword. A [Mage] matched Dragons by dint of their great reservoirs of mana.
Now, they returned. Like that friend, walking through your door when you did not look for them. In this case—as the doom of the deadlands bore down on them? An old friend walking in with a shotgun.
A magical shotgun. With silver bullets.
Of course, not everyone in the lands of the dead received levels or classes. Some just felt gravity reassert itself, and their benefits were different.
Dragons faltered as they suddenly realized they had to fly, using magic to keep themselves upright, wings beating with effort. But they roared in triumph, because they felt their hearts beating. And the magic…
The magic was back. Dragonfire took on qualities that had been lacking before. A plume of silver frost became more than a memory. A howling blizzard froze everything in its path, icy storms summoned around the core of magic emanating from a Frost Dragon’s mouth. A Dragon of the forests exhaled, and the magic of green and nature grew stronger, and the Dragon chanted a spell which demanded the earth rumble and heave under his foes.
Force, the power of their magic—and the glorious weight that enabled them to slam into their foes. Rend with talons and maneuver, rather than glide at the same, slow speed.
Magic was back. So was entropy, the power of gravity and other elements this land had never felt. Skills and classes were restored.
Erin Solstice felt it, and she felt…stronger. More complete, and she had only lived with her classes a short time. Her head rose, eyes wide with wonder as she looked at Emerrhain, the God of Magic.
Had he just adjusted the system? Clearly—yes. He had used a backdoor so old that it was built into the foundation of everything, a secret weapon. An unwelcome one, to hear Kasigna rage.
“Emerrhain! You fool! You cowardly wastrel—I will tear your essence apart and spread it across my lands! You have given them that which I forbid. From when did you hide this, you pathetic schemer?”
She was pursuing him as he fled—and it seemed like the two might actually come to blows. Emerrhain was laughing in triumph even as he fled, for Kasigna’s rage was impotent.
It was done—and, clearly, she could not undo it. Laedonius Deviy and even Norechl were incredulous. The oblivious Seamwalkers continued their advance on the souls they intended to devour.
For a moment, at least in Chandrar, there was only silence as ghosts looked up and listened. Listened as their classes were restored, Skills re-enabled. Erin Solstice couldn’t help but feel tears spring to her eyes. However, she kept looking at the figure standing next to her.
