8.80
Page 11
“What a completely ridiculous ability! And how fortunate!”
Zineryr was nodding. He looked at Erin in approval.
“I think we have time for our chess game after all. But just in case—let’s begin.”
Erin Solstice beamed in pride at her first special Skill as the Gnome waved at the world around him. His eyes lost focus, and he looked backwards. His voice grew nostalgic, since they had the time for it. He spoke less quickly than the patter of words, because these ones mattered. With too much meaning and context left unsaid. But he did tell her—
Everything.
“When the people of this world rebelled against the gods, it was Elves who stood first, though they were divided. The vast majority would strive against the gods, but some, like Sprigaena, became their champions, and empowered, they were the greatest foes besides the gods themselves. Yet it was Elves who opposed gods first. Some of their own kind as well, in time. They were never united. For instance, Tamaroth, Emerrhain, and Cauwine belonged to the same pantheon. Laedonius Deviy stood apart, and Kasigna and Norechl were part of their own pantheon. Do you know that term? Those are the six to remember as they seem to be the ones that held onto their identity.”
Erin sat there a moment.
“…I do. Are you telling me…?”
Zineryr regarded Erin cheerfully.
“Everything but the dangerous parts means everything. I can skip it if you want only the details, but I find most people want to understand it.”
“I want to know. I want to…I’m not sure I’m ready.”
Erin Solstice took a shaking breath, and the Gnome shook his head.
“Just listen, Erin. It isn’t a long story. When we strove against them, it was the oldest races who made war. Some proud mortal kingdoms, but mostly the immortal species who could see the grand design taking place. You understand? What you have…Humans did not have. Skills, levels, classes. There were other reasons, but that was the greatest of them. We went to war. Gnomes, Elves, Dwarves, Dragons—everyone. War engulfed the entire world.”
“Is it—wait. Is it—round? Isn’t there an end to the world?”
Zineryr snorted.
“It’s round. They weren’t stupid enough to make a square, and it’s not one of the ones where you can actually fall off. We just…tore a part of it away.”
“W-what?”
The trembling voice came from Xarkouth. Zineryr shushed him.
“That is getting ahead, towards the end. Suffice it to say, it wiped out so many people…it was a blow that should never have been struck, but it had to be. The Kingdom of Drath was the only one that survived even part of the destruction, and their descendants pledged never to forget. They might be allies. But that was one of the last great blows of the war. I wept when I felt it.”
He looked out into the distance. Erin grabbed at her head.
“You were—?”
“Yes. All the way to the end. Past it, actually. As I said—”
The Gnome looked at her, and his eyes glinted.
“We won. It is not an original story. To summarize it: long ago, before the grand design, before your…system of Skills and classes, creation fought creators. We did it because of that very issue. They put in place the grand design that shapes this world. Elves, Gnomes, and other species objected. The gods imposed their will and we argued, then began to fight.”
A Gnome looked up wistfully and brushed at a lock of hair.
