8.80
Page 15
“Not yet! I have so many questions.”
“And we have answers. Map!”
One thrust it in her face. Zineryr spoke from the side.
“You will need to find allies. Go to Drath. Find the clues; they’re irrefutable proof, weapons, tricks, no matter who made them. Ours are very helpful, but I’m sure the Elves left some. Dwarves and other species. Ah—other species. The Harpies are all but gone, they tell me. But the last ones might be your allies. On Rhir. They call them Demons now.”
“Demons? But I’ve heard they’re bad guys…”
Another Gnome lifted a finger.
“According to whom, exactly? There are always two sides to every argument. To hear those six tell it, we were the disobedient children who rebelled for no reason other than ignorance and spite. I suggest you make your own informed decisions.”
“I—who else?”
Zineryr tugged on one finger absently.
“Djinni went both ways during the war. They have all been enslaved, and their children were wiped out. It would be a mistake to generalize across species, and we are not up to date on the entire world. Although…”
His eyes sharpened. One Gnome nudged him.
“—She can trust the fae, can’t she?”
“Of course. But are they even there? The Winter Court wouldn’t have kept bringing winter after all this time. Not after all they lost…”
Erin’s head snapped up.
“You mean Winter Sprites?”
She was not prepared for the way all the Gnomes sighed suddenly. One took off a pair of goggles and wiped at her eyes.
“Ah, those loyal idiots. They kept their word? How are they?”
“U-um, mischievous? They throw snow, and they called my friend—she’s a half-Elf—a whore…”
The Gnomes just exchanged looks. One shook her head.
“They never forget. They will be your allies. At least—Oberon’s lot. But he’d never open a gateway. That was one of the plans if they started winning. Just open a gate and hope the Faerie King would end this war here. It would mean the destruction and contamination of his realm—but he might dare it. No. No…keep them out of this. They have sacrificed far too much.”
Zineryr rested his tiny chin on his hands.
“That will be up to them. The Winter Sprites know more, though they have great rules.”
“I—I think we’ve got that. My friend, Ryoka? She’s friends with one of the fae.”
The Gnomes blinked at Erin. She tried to tell them about Ryoka—but then they were rolling around on Xarkouth’s back laughing. One fell off the side and had to fly back up.
“Friends with one of the Fae? Which one? Ivolethe—ah, that’s hilarious! Which one is that?”
“I know her!”
Erin looked around wonderingly. The Gnomes caught themselves quickly—the [Immortal Moment] was shivering. Zineryr nodded.
“Then they are in this battle. For better or worse. Who else?”
“Witches.”
“[Witches]?”
The Gnomes were all agreeing.
“Nothing like a pointed hat to command respect. They went to war with us—and they are always a sensible lot. Talk to [Witches]. Who else? Who can we actually recommend? Drath, [Witches], Fae…”
Erin felt there were two crucial species they had forgotten. And it was a great question, one she needed to know. She timidly raised a hand like she was in school.
“Excuse me. What about…Goblins? Antinium?”
The two monstrous people who she had realized were just people that had no friends. The effect on the Gnomes was…profound.
As one, they all lost their smiles. Wordlessly, they looked up and about. And Erin remembered something.
There were no Goblins in this entire land. Not one. Perhaps, then, the Gnomes had forgotten Goblins. But the name alone clearly made them remember. Zineryr and his kin hung their heads.
“No. Not Goblins.”
“Why not?”
