8.80
Page 16
Erin was mystified. Zineryr shook his head.
“Leave them be. Do not make them face this cruel destiny. Not twice. They were never on either side, just victims. The youngest deserve nothing but peace.”
They had no idea. They…Erin looked at them. Goblin Kings. Goblin Lords and Goblins, hunted across the world. Her voice shook.
“But they’re called monsters. Each Goblin King who rises—”
She saw the blank look in Zineryr’s eyes. He didn’t know. It slowly turned to horror. And then Erin saw a sight she never wanted to see.
The Gnomes wept. Tears ran from their eyes as the old ghosts cried. One tore at her hair, and Zineryr covered his face.
“Is this one last spiteful act of gods? We saw them not, and I only believed they were excluded from this place or sent elsewhere. Monsters? They are not monsters!”
“I know.”
The Gnome lifted his head. He fixed Erin with a gaze.
“Then you have done us all a service. Goblin Kings? There was only ever one. His wrath has endured this long? No…they were never matured as a people. Memory. Memory and Goblins…”
He looked at his kin, then turned to Erin.
“Tell them, then. Tell them who you are facing and reawaken a Goblin King.”
“Or Queen.”
The Gnomes were clustering around Erin. Zineryr grabbed Erin’s hands. He waved at the others for silence.
“Of course! That is why they become Goblin Kings. She needs to tell them nothing. Their King will remember everything. If there is one true ally—it is the species truly wronged by gods. So. Goblins.”
He looked so wretchedly unhappy. Then Zineryr turned.
“She should meet one of the Elves. Sprigaena—if only we could arrange it. If only…”
He looked up as the [Immortal Moment] shrank. Xarkouth was now silent, flapping along, and Erin felt the…bubble…of immortal time shrinking as it was eaten away. One Gnome cursed and stepped back, giving the others room.
“Almost time. And I suspect this moment will cost us.”
Zineryr murmured. Erin cried out. She held the little Gnome’s hands in hers.
“I have so many more questions! What about Antinium?”
Four Gnomes crowded around her, then three. Zineryr sighed, scratching at his hair.
“I have never met them. Some ghosts whispered of new species—but they can appear organically. Ant-people? Good for them. We had spider-folk, once. Remember they are people.”
He gazed at Erin and smiled.
“What am I saying? You know that.”
The Gnome looked around and shook his head.
“I wish we had all the time to give you answers. But there is one last thing I wanted to tell you: we are sorry.”
The two Gnomes nodded solemnly. Erin looked from face to face.
“Sorry?”
A female Gnome gestured around.
“This is not your affair, Erin. This is our mess. You’ve been dragged into their games, and we are sorry. We will take responsibility. But we cannot end this ourselves. We tried once, and we will do all we can again. But we failed.”
She gave Erin a terribly guilty smile, and the young woman shook her head. She looked at the Gnomes. Eighteen Gnomes, where a people had once been.
“The others were all eaten, weren’t they? Some left. But that’s why there are so few Elves. Gnomes, Dwarves…they were all eaten.”
Zineryr shook his head gently.
“No. Some just died. Died in such a way that they left nothing behind. Many were consumed, yes.”
“Then—then—why do you call it your fault? This isn’t your responsibility. You didn’t do any of this, did you?”
The Gnomes looked at each other, and one froze. Two left. Male and female. Zineryr and a Gnome with bright, pink hair. They both shook their heads and looked at Erin.
