8.80
Page 19
They were fighting each other over some traditional foolishness. Dragial turned back to the map.
Now—now was the moment. He dismissed the [Messenger] and looked ahead, towards the Meeting of Tribes. Even if the Gnolls had not their civil war, every Walled City was marching on them save one. This was it. The Wall Lord murmured the catchphrase that had led him these last few years. This would be his great victory.
“In the name…of the City of Stars.”
 
——
 
Wall Lord Ilvriss was cursing. He was not a Drake prone to it, but he couldn’t help it.
“Pour quartz dust into your eyes, you ceiling-scraping cave-roach! What about Manus? Can’t we go faster?”
He wanted to ride ahead, but General Greex of Salazsar only shook his head.
“Wall Lord, we cannot cover a mile in moments! If we run our soldiers, they will have no strength to fight!”
Ilvriss knew that was true, and marching Skills and speed Skills only worked so well. But never before had he ever considered Salazsar an impoverished, weak nation.
Yet clearly—they lacked the ability to just buy speed like Khelt or a nation like Jecrass. He fumed every slow step of the marching Drake [Soldiers]. And to be fair—they were marching at a fast clip.
“Then—Manus. Zeres is pivoting to face Oteslia? Can we intercept either army, or move towards them?”
General Greex shook his head, but Captain Osthia interrupted.
“Wall Lord, Manus is coming from across the Great Plains. We could send a rider, but you would not be able to meet with them unless you went yourself.”
And I am needed here. Ilvriss saw his plan collapsing for a number of reasons. The sudden fighting in the Meeting of Tribes had begun—and it was Gnolls killing Gnolls.
Disastrous. Worse—it had inspired Wall Lord Dragial to prepare for his attack. All for Fissival’s grudge against Gnolls for things they had done and his desire to take the Blade of Mershi. Ilvriss had been angling to meet with every leader he could in private before the battle.
Instead, it looked like only Fissival and Zeres would be in close range before the battle began. And of the two…
I could meet Wall Lord Dragial in private, tell him about Az’kerash and why this battle plays into the Necromancer’s hands. Indeed, I could, if I didn’t think that Drake had actual gravel for brains.
The one authority among Drakes he could easily speak to was a Drake who had not only been exiled from Fissival, but been condemned for attacking Gnoll tribes, Drake cities, and pursuing a Named Adventurer for some relic.
Worse, it was clear he had many allies that supported him in Fissival. Enough to let him assume command of a Walled City’s army.
Ilvriss was grinding his teeth as he rode.
“Not Wall Lord Dragial. Call for an immediate meeting with the Admiralty of Zeres. All three of them. Two Admirals and the Sharkcaptain. I will speak with them all directly.”
He sent another [Message] spell off and looked ahead towards the Meeting of Tribes. He thought he smelled smoke.
The fighting had begun last night. He had actually seen some of it. The revelations about the nature of Doombearers and the treachery of the Plain’s Eye tribe were all easy for him to grasp. The shocking part was the revelation of this Daemon of Luck. What was that thing? The worst part, though, was…Mrsha.
That little Gnoll that was too precocious by half, caught up in the middle of the fighting. It would be midday at least before Salazsar was able to intervene. Ilvriss ground his teeth together.
“Wall Lord? Response from Zeres.”
“That was fast.”
