8.80
Page 30
Erin’s eyes bulged, and she saw Tamaroth’s face change. He turned and dove at the Gnome. She dodged him with a laugh. The God of Rulers cursed and turned back to Erin—just in time for the Gnome to reappear behind him.
“Remember Oltevij? Now there was a fine story. I think we made a great play about it.”
She made a pose in the air.
“Oltevij, he did roar as the gods fought, and Tamaroth, courage he had not! He shat himself so mightily that the stench of it reached across the divine. Then he fled and hid under a child’s bed while better gods fought above his head—damn, what a terrible last poem—”
She shrugged as she sped backwards—too slowly this time. The God of Rulers caught her, and she vanished. But she was smiling.
Erin Solstice was getting away. More Gnomes were flitting around the other gods, calling out insults.
“Laedonius, how does it feel to be the only god to be so inept he has to flee two realities?”
“Tamaroth! Oh, wait, sorry. That’s a brown bush. Tamaroth! Wait, no, that’s some seaweed…”
It worked on all but two. One was the God of the Lost. Norechl walked after Erin Solstice, ignoring the taunts of the Gnomes who had little to throw at it.
The other…was Kasigna. She ignored a Gnome floating just out of reach, daring her to go after them. Nereshal was gone.
“Hey, Kasigna. Kasigna?”
Her eyes were locked on Erin. Even the other Seamwalkers were getting out of her way. The Gnome pulled a face, floating in front of her a second. She swiped at the Gnome, and the immortal flew left, but she never broke stride. The Gnome called out.
“Diotrichne made a better afterlife, and she did it twice as fast. Not that we should be surprised they went with yours. Tamaroth always lacked taste.”
Kasigna’s eyes narrowed, but she never stopped following Erin. The Gnome cursed—and vanished as Tamaroth touched him.
“I will have you. You cannot escape me twice, Erin Solstice.”
The Gnomes were vanishing. Laedonius Deviy realized he was too far and broke off the chase. So did Tamaroth, pursuing other ghosts. But Norechl and Kasigna came on. The last Gnomes fled, pursued by Emerrhain, calling out luck to Erin.
Four had given their souls to buy Erin time. The [Innkeeper] was watching Norechl catch up.
“You.”
Me.
She didn’t know why it wanted her. Kasigna made sense; Erin had defied her and bested her at chess. But Norechl?
She didn’t know she had frustrated it before. If only by proxy. Two gods were left. They reached for Erin, floating through the air. Norechl had no true fingers, just a body. Focusing on any one part was like…static. Haze. It was the God of Nothing and frustrated attempts to pick out any one detail.
Kasigna mocked Erin. She wore Erin’s mother’s face. Shauna Solstice, in her middle years, reached for Erin before the old face of Maviola El, her true age, held out a hand.
“This can all be over. Take my hand, Erin. Do not resist any longer.”
No. Take mine. I offer oblivion.
Two gods reached out for Erin as the ghost tried to fly, shake them from her trail. Norechl was closest, and it greedily reached for her leg. It strode over the water—and Xarkouth’s head rose from the waves. The Void Dragon and the dead god faced each other—then Xarkouth exhaled.
“Wretch.”
Norechl went stumbling backwards, keening in agony as the Void Dragonlord, wounded, flew up.
“Fly, Erin Solstice!”
He turned the flame of the void on Kasigna. It was almost anti-substance, a void that drew in everything. Deepest purple flames that shone with the stars itself, a constellation burning and wrapping around her.
And…it did nothing. Kasigna walked through the flames.
