8.80
Page 64
Commander Fezimet was eating the Centauress and Human. Slowly. He was starting with their legs.
He raised his head, dripping with blood, lost in a class so dark it would soon whisper to him in his sleep.
His city in pieces. Yet he would slaughter them all and take Paeth. He would rebuild Talenqual! He would make it the greatest, most beautiful city in the world and restore his tower with Jungle Tails.
Yes—he could almost see it. A shining city of great magic. Fraerling technology. A tower, like the one they had destroyed.
Only not a tree.
The Quexal looked up as his vision of the future, his delirium, was replaced by…
A strange reality. A confusing one.
No, he was imagining the future. But he wasn’t imagining…a tree. A huge redwood, so wide you had to walk around it. Taller than his tower.
What was…
Then Fezimet saw into it. Saw that promised city, half in ruins, but free of danger for now. As his company looked up—as the fleeing mercenaries and Gravetender’s Fist gazed up at the sight of Paeth by the Coast, Fezimet’s eyes drifted upwards.
He heard someone laughing at him.
Daly. The Human looked up at Fezimet as a bright light shone on the Quexal’s head. The Commander of the Featherfolk Brigade gazed up at Paeth for one more moment.
“How did it come to…?”
Then he vanished. A laser of magic pierced him, and he evaporated without a word.
Just…like that. The Featherfolk Brigade looked up as Paeth began firing spells in their new home.
They could go anywhere with a [Grand Teleport] ritual spell. But to hide and be found again? Leave the Tallfolk who had fought for them behind?
They were done hiding. Umina led the charge of mercenaries through the rubble as Fraerlings began to attack the Lizardfolk as their morale shattered. Daly lay there, looking up at Paeth.
“It’s beautiful.”
Then he covered his eyes and started crying for all the people he’d gotten killed. Paeth stood amidst the ruins of Talenqual as the Featherfolk Brigade fled, and the Jungle Tails forces withdrew from Elvallian in dismay as the Titan reappeared. In Izril, Perorn Fleethoof rode towards the Meeting of Tribes.
In the lands of the dead, the dead gods realized Emerrhain was gone. The last of their smallest foes had vanished. But when they looked around in fear, trepidation, and uncertainty…
They could still hear the Gnomes laughing.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: We are now three out of six chapters in. I talk like this because I planned on writing six chapters and so far, we have stuck…mostly…to my outline. Which is a good thing. It is exceptionally difficult to outline every chapter and sometimes I like writing organically.
But when it matters—I have notes. I think I have pages of notes. Checking—only 6,500 words of notes in the doc I have, but a lot is in my head or in other documents. For The Wandering Inn? The old doc I used had over 100,000 words of notes.
Sometimes it’s scenes, so take that with a grain of salt. But we are going fairly well. I did have to split off an important plotline into another chapter—but I think it’s good since I had one chapter out of the six mostly empty for this eventuality.
I am writing about my process because…I can’t say much about the story itself. I am alive, stressed, but I don’t feel horrible about the chapters. We have to see how it ends. No story is perfect or a failure until that final chapter, and Volume 8 is almost up. Let me know what you think, and thanks for reading.
 
Supreme Muffin Commander and Seamwalkers by pkay!


Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/peekay









 
 
BelavierrPaint by QtheBird, Sketch by SirDuckless!
