8.81
Page 19
“(I have every reason, Raelt of Jecrass. Did Chandrar seem well to you? There is more than just this world at stake.)”
Fetohep, Jecaina, and Raelt looked at each other as Flos delivered one of the grand secrets he had kept.
“What? Someone translate for him.”
“No time. They are upon us. Follow my lead.”
Fetohep of Khelt was watching the lighthouse surging through the waves. Every head turned to him, and bodies tensed. Yet the King of Khelt just stood there as even the King of Destruction grudgingly waited. Then…Jecaina gulped, and Raelt swore under his breath. The King of Bandages began to smile.
What were they doing? Far behind the first wave of fighters, sensibly encased in ice, Ceria Springwalker waddled forwards and peered at the [Rulers]. They were just standing there. The Illuminary was coming straight at them.
“Brace!”
The Revenant [Captain] roared, and his undead crew stood to action. In the distance, over the roar of waves, Ceria thought she heard a laugh. A roar of voices to match even the Bloodtear Pirates. Her skin chilled as she locked eyes with that famous crew and a glowing figure aboard the ship.
Then—the Illuminary tore through the storm. It plunged towards Sand at Sea like an arrow, a javelin hurled through the night. A missile the size of a warship that would spell untold damage for the weaker ship, a wallbreaking action an insane [Captain] would order.
The Illuminary aimed straight at the four rulers.
Fetohep of Khelt.
Flos, the King of Destruction.
Jecaina, the Arbiter Queen.
Raelt, the King of Duels.
And Vizir Hecrelunn! The four—five great rulers stood there. And the Illuminary—
—bounced—
—off an invisible barrier in the world. Ceria’s eyes bulged as she saw the warship glance off something and the [Pirates] go crashing across the deck. A wriggling silkworm of a boy careened down the decks until a woman with an armored boot stopped him. The Illuminary went veering left.
 
——
 
“What was that? What’d we hit?”
Rasea Zecrew was shouting in confusion, whirling the wheel and looking around. Her ship had survived hitting…what? Magic? It wasn’t half as terrible as the collision between warships would have been, but it had repelled them. She whirled back to the Kheltian warship as it surged onwards.
It was the Quarass, picking herself up from the impact she’d expected, who answered. She sighed as she stared at the four rulers.
“Their auras. That is a shield…of ego.”
 
——
 
Ego. Arrogance. The very quality of a ruler, magnified with the four…five self-important, all-consuming leaders. The Illuminary had just hit a manifestation of that quality in all five.
It hadn’t even left a dent. 
The smaller ship raced alongside Sand at Sea as Rasea screamed insults. She waved her sword as she strode to the railings.
“I challenge you, Fetohep of Khelt! Come and fight me, stories of Chandrar!”
“Let me. Letmeletmeletmeletme—”
Salui was trembling, axe raised to leap across the waters, but Hecrelunn just sneered.
“Allow me, Fetohep of Khelt. I will sink this obstruction.”
He lifted a glowing finger, and the [Helmsman] of the Illuminary began to juke in alarm, sensing the magic. The ballistae aimed up as Khelt’s warship produced their own ship weapons.
However, Fetohep of Khelt ignored the voices. He strode to the railing of the ship and called down to Rasea, his voice ringing across the waters.
“Rasea Zecrew! Desist your foolishness! We sail to end a war and perhaps even battle the horrors that climb the world’s edge! Follow me.”
