8.81
Page 59
General Sserys of Liscor threw back his head and laughed. He brushed at Erin’s hair as if he were reaching for his neck spines. Then he rolled her shoulders and shrugged.
“Correct, rookie. Now shut up and follow me. I am a Drake on a mission. Is this your friend’s body? Don’t worry. I’m just borrowing it.”
He put the flat of the blade on one shoulder, and Relc nearly dropped his spear. When everyone had forgotten him, while the three gods fought—no one expected the only Drake to push the Antinium back. The Hero of the Antinium Wars.
[Spear of the Drakes]. The [General] of Liscor’s army. The name that had helped to form every officer and leader in the decades since his passing. The God of Rulers and Goddess of Last Stands had expected victory as they reached for Erin’s body.
They had found a Drake and a headbutt.
 
——
 
How had it happened? What was going on? Relc ran after Erin—after General Sserys. It was him. Only a few things could explain that unnatural talent with the sword. And the Skills.
He strutted along in the chaos of the City of Inventions, and no one could stop him. It wasn’t just an aura—it was him.
The command. Patrols came skidding to a stop. Squads of [Soldiers] were unable to attack him. Relc could barely fight off the sheer influence; no one else could get in his way.
“[Supreme General of the Cities: Shut Up And Follow My Orders]. Dead gods, but Pallass hasn’t changed much in twenty years. Still stinks like alchemist shit and metal on the top floors. Who’s in charge?”
“The—Assembly of Crafts—”
Erin—Sserys—rolled her eyes. It was such a familiar look, but he had biting sarcasm and impatience in the gaze he gave Relc.
“Ancestors. I meant really in charge. Who’s the [General] of 1st Army—no, wait. Is that bastard still kicking around? The Cyclops? Chaldion?”
“Wh—yeah. Where are we—how is this happening?”
The Drake just snorted as he gazed around and then felt at Erin’s nose. He pulled at it and looked disgusted.
“What the hell is this? Dead gods, I’m in a Human body. I feel like someone’s rolled me in a beef steak. A female body. Eh. Too bad she’s weak as shit. At least my Skills are still working. In fact…”
That grin again, and it was a terrible grin. The kind of grin that a Drake might wear as he stood over his mortal enemy on a cliff and began kicking fingers off the ledge. The grin of a [Mercenary General], the toughest bastard who fought for pay and kicked everyone below the belt as a warmup to the real underhanded fighting.
“I leveled up. I guess if you possess a body you count as living. Fancy that.”
“You levelled—”
“Where’s Chaldion’s house? Hey! Directions!”
Sserys grabbed a Garuda by the chin and barked in the [Soldier]’s stunned face.
“Chaldion’s house? What floor? Where? Good. Get out of my way. Who’re you, kid?”
The answer provoked an instant response. Relc saluted.
“Sergeant Relc, 4th Company! Headhunting [Spearmaster]! Nickname: Gecko, s—I mean, Senior Guardsman Relc. Watch Sergeant Relc! What is going on?”
Sserys picked at his teeth with a fingernail.
“Long answer? Ghost stuff. Two bastards were coming for the body, so I stepped in.”
“You’re dead!”
Even other ghosts thought he had died. Even Erin…but Sserys just chuckled.
“I don’t die that easy. I’ve always been good at getting out of the soup when it’s boiling. I ran and hid since I didn’t have any way to fight back. I rallied a few ghosts, found places to hide. Besides—I had a feeling this was a good spot to wait to kick those idiots’ tails twice.”
