8.81
Page 40
Rags sat back, eyes blinking a few times. She wanted that…she looked at Kiish and nodded.
“I hope so.”
 
——
 
So they kept flying southwards. The news spread to a few people. Not many. Not with the world in chaos, the deadlands shaking.
But it went to the right people. By spell, by word of mouth.
Kevin skidded into Solar Cycles, and his assistant nearly had a heart-attack.
“Mister Kevin! Where have you been? We have a backlog of months, and I’ve been answering everyone asking who—”
“No time. I just got dropped—I need to get to Liscor!”
“The door’s scheduled to open this evening…”
Kevin was panting, still shivering from Wyvernflight, and exhausted from running three miles to Esthelm from where the Goblins had dropped him off. He charged towards the door connecting Liscor to Esthelm.
…Then he caught himself, sent a [Message] to Selys asking if they could open the door to Esthelm, and confirmed it would be easier to wait, especially since Rags was still on her way. Kevin walked back to Solar Cycles and scarfed down two toasted baguettes as he answered a bunch of [Messages] and made calls to a number of people. He went to visit Pelt, and the Dwarf cursed him out for twenty minutes before listening to Kevin’s explanations.
Then Kevin caught the door to Liscor and stood in line for eight minutes before he was admitted. He walked to The Wandering Inn just in time for Relc to send him flying.
“They’re doing what?”
The Drake barged into the inn, looking around wildly. Kevin lay on his back, seeing stars. He could have probably gotten here earlier by causing a fuss, but he had realized there was no speeding up the Goblin on her way.
That was Kevin-logic for you.
Others found out when he returned, like Relc and Klbkch. They skidded into the inn, demanding to know what the others knew. Joseph, Troy—the actual Troy—Imani, Palt, Selys, Drassi, and of course Ishkr converged on the inn.
“Kevin! Where have you been?”
“Uh…with Goblins. Hiking.”
Kevin was gobbling more food after hiking up part of the High Passes until they could catch a Wyvern to Goblinhome and then figuring out whether Rags was safe. His return was almost overshadowed by the news.
“She’s coming? Rags?”
Ishkr was the only person not surprised by Rags’ announcement. He was setting out food as The Wandering Inn returned to something like the noise and confusion it had once known.
Selys’ claws were shaking as she clutched the [Message] that Rags had sent her, Lyonette, and everyone else.
“I—yes. Yes. Is everything here? We need to tell…Lyonette knows, but she and Mrsha and—”
She looked around at the small gathering and realized—this was it. Humans, the two [Guards], a few others like Palt…
Everyone else was far away. The Halfseekers had passed by Liscor so fast that Selys had only heard from Drassi she’d seen Jelaqua and Maughin talking before they were gone. The Horns were a continent away.
Griffon Hunt, the Silver Swords…Ryoka…this was it. Selys was also here too early. The Goblins were still flying towards them. She looked about, and Ishkr produced something.
A carefully wrapped vial, the glass specifically enchanted and opaque, lead mixed with something else. She stared at it.
“Is that…”
“Courier Salamani delivered it to me earlier this week. It comes from Saliss of Lights. The bottle is specially designed to prevent the contents from passing through. I’ve kept it stored. I have specific instructions on how to apply it. Here.”
“What about the Potion of Regeneration?”
Kevin was looking around. Selys knew that one.
