8.81
Page 28
Wait…Ceria frowned. She looked around.
“Am I imagining that, anyone? Or am I hearing…?”
The others looked at the scrying orb. Fetohep checked it. He brought his head down and heard the faint heartbeat—the armies around A’ctelios Salash were falling back. More and more were coming out of the eyes. But that loud sound—
“…Fetohep. We found it.”
“Scourgerider Nivita?”
Fetohep snatched the stone up, and the Quarass looked up. But then they all realized.
“No. Yiraz. We found something. Nivita…heart. Goin…ry…”
“Have you delivered it?”
“…two with me. Must investigate it. It is not…they built it. Your Majesty? They built it.”
The Quarass opened her mouth, but then Fetohep held up a finger.
“What did you find, Yiraz?”
“They built it long ago. They’re following…goodbye.”
One of the Revenants turned and uttered an ancient challenge. Two more ran through a place deep, deep in A’ctelios Salash.
So deep they had no idea where it was. Another team was placing the poison in the heart. Already—the beating heart was slowing. The tremors subsiding. A’ctelios Salash’s denizens wailed and retreated, the madness leaving them, surrendering, begging insanity and mercy.
But one voice echoed from the darkness. They would not be coming back. Yet Yiraz had thought it so vital that he had left the others trying to break free of A’ctelios Salash. Climbing…they might make it.
“…all following us. They are wearing the same faces. What is this place?”
His voice grew stronger as the speaking spell stabilized. Hecrelunn’s eyes were flickering with the mana he was pouring into the link. The King of Destruction was gripping his hands together so hard they bled.
“What is it?”
Yiraz was alone, now, stumbling forwards. And he was shouting.
“…built it ten thousand years ago! Treachery! The corruption…ten thousand…down here! I see something. I see what they made. No. No…[Wall of S—”
He stood in the last room, in the final place he had found. Deep. Deep within.
“…sty…”
“What is it?”
A’ctelios Salash had gone silent. But Fetohep and his company listened to that trembling, fragmented voice. Yiraz whispered.
“…cannot go down…fear it. I fear it. I will not go down. I will not go down. I will not go…for me. Notformenotformenotforme—” 
“Yiraz? YIRAZ!”
The chanting stopped. Then his voice returned to normal, as if they had heard someone else…
“They made this room ten thousand…dark prophecy. I will try to destroy it. Never let…name…”
“Who? What do you see? Yiraz! Scourgerider!”
Fetohep pressed the speaking stone to his face. He waited—they all waited, but they heard nothing.
Nothing but a scraping sound. Then…a distant chorus which grew louder. Voices which echoed from the stone Fetohep thrust away from his face.
They were singing. Trey Atwood’s face drained of color as he recognized one of the voices.
Baosar. A song came through the speaking stone. An old song, changed.
 
“We met two folk who stopped on a lonesome path
One entered full of willing, the other did not stay,
A single soul found comfort in our ancient home
He is one of many, and the other slipped away.”
 
Fetohep’s grip trembled on the stone. He spoke coldly into it.
“The Scourgeriders of Emrist have fulfilled their duty. Their sacrifice will be answered, Carven City.”
A man spoke into the stone, a laughing voice, breathless. Baosar. Even the Quarass looked at Trey as Gazi put a hand on her sword.
“We are still waiting. Today is not our day.”
Then the stone died. Fetohep tossed it aside and looked back to Chandrar. A’ctelios Salash stopped waking. Tombhome went silent.
No one called it a victory.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
