8.81
Page 35
Gamel is reading out each missive I receive. He has gotten better at it. The husky voice that used to stammer and pause on hard words until Wiskeria or someone else helped him, a [Farmer] who was rudimentary on his letters, has changed.
He is a [Knight]; he actually got a Skill that makes his dictation excellent. Better than any app or automated voice. He also has hands and a sword.
“No. Put the letter down. I don’t want to hear it. Any of it, understand? Anything from…that source, ignore.”
My court is confused. I can sense them around me, Lady Rie, Wiskeria, Durene, Prost, Witch Hedag, and Eloise. That’s the inner circle; even the other representatives of villages, Master Helm, town councilors…
The [Witches] may pick up on my anxiety, but it’s so fast. They’re assuming I’m judging the sender—and I do, in part. But I am trying to stop something in a moment.
“Should I tell her that we are unwilling to help, then? With the—”
I press my hands to my ears. Trying to tune out the voice.
“Yes. Absolutely. I do not want to—know about it. Wiskeria. Nothing. Understand?”
My head turns to seek her, and the [Witch] starts. She’s Belavierr’s daughter; she has to understand something is wrong.
“Yes, Your Majesty.”
I exhale and sense that…presence unseen. Focusing on me for a moment.
He’s growing stronger. Now, I think he can listen in. Or…something is happening. The connection between us feels stronger. Or something else; the dividing line has grown thinner.
My stomach is churning and my heart pounding out of my chest, but I slash across my chest, and Gamel falls silent. The court murmurs as I speak, hoping they will understand.
“Next.”
We’re almost safe. I’ve almost done my part and averted what I believe may be a disaster—and then Durene, beloved Durene, speaks. With that fiery passion that is wrong here.
“Laken Godart! What are you doing? I thought you were trying to help Erin! They’re going to try the ritual—”
My hands clap over my ears, but it’s too late. I have never seen his face, but I imagine…a bearded man. Nothing else is visible to me. A single detail, kept over a thousand forms and faces, sitting in a cottage.
A man made of static, lips, cheeks, face ever-changing. And I do not know faces. When I imagine things, it is in sensation, feeling.
A beard moving slightly as he talks, not too long, but a growth of hair probably combed and attended to. A voice that commands and condescends and speaks like a starving man at times, others as if he owns everything and everyone. 
Tamaroth sits there. And he smiles. Those unseen lips spread wide and reveal what? Rotted teeth? The most perfect, artificially engineered smile? I don’t know.
But I hear him laughing and know. So I rise.
“No.”
Durene stops; Hedag has slapped a hand over her mouth. My court looks at me, and I whirl.
“Tell them—tell them to do it now, Gamel. Hurry.”
“Your Majesty? At once!”
That is how it happened. As I sit, raking my hands through my hair—that is my mistake. As my advisors ask for the thing I can’t speak of or explain—I can sense him moving. Hurrying from wherever he has been towards…
“Tell them to run, Gamel. Tell them to go as fast as they can. Or they’ll be too late.”
He does as I ask, and I ensure a warning is sent. Then it is out of my hands. It always was, and I regret that they trusted me. I tried to keep out of knowing, but too late. Even then, I hoped it would turn out for the best.
But I would learn soon enough that I had failed.
My fault.
I’m sorry, Erin.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
