8.81
Page 62
They thought it was a monster. Maybe it was. Sserys walked towards an Antinium Worker who stared at the glorious [Innkeeper], and he stopped as Relc barred his way.
“…What are you doing?”
“That is a citizen of Liscor and one of Erin Solstice’s friends.”
Sserys’ hand was tight on the sword. He looked at Relc.
“You’re one of mine.”
“I was—until I got tired of being sent on suicide missions. I am [Trusted Sergeant of the Watch], Relc Grasstongue, a [Spearmaster] of Liscor and a friend of Erin Solstice. And if you try to hurt anyone here—I’ll kick your ass.”
That familiar mouth opened, teeth bared—then Sserys laughed again.
“Someone’s got balls. Fine then. I don’t want to linger. I just need to see something. Tell me—what the hell happened to the army? Why did Chaldion say they’re not affiliated with Liscor anymore?”
That was how Relc Grasstongue found himself telling the story of how he’d left the army, joined Liscor, and become a [Guardsman] and all the rest that had happened since Sserys had died. The Drake listened, walking down the streets.
He knew where he was going. He looked at every Antinium he passed, and Erin’s hand was glued to the sword hilt.
“Zel told me he met an Ant. I told him he was mad. He reminded me about the Humans. They’re uglier, but not much worse. He told me a lot of things. He told me he named a Goblin Lord—”
The Drake’s eyes opened wide. He raised his voice in outrage.
“He named a Goblin Reiss. Gave him that name as if it meant nothing. As if a Goblin deserved—”
He spun and saw Relc had no idea what that meant. Sserys looked around. He put a hand on a wall, and the brickwork cracked. Relc took another step back.
Was Liscor trembling or was it him? Gnolls and Drakes on the streets looked at Sserys. They couldn’t get close, but they looked at him. As if he was a second sun, and he was blinding, but demanding all their attention. They didn’t know—but they knew. They were trailing after him, but only Relc saw Sserys close his eyes.
“…When I met him, he was different. Twenty years changed Zel Shivertail. I felt younger than he was. Twenty years he was the Drake who held together the south. They abandoned him. All because he wasn’t me. Because they tossed one word at him as if it wouldn’t work on me.”
“Then it’s true.”
Sserys looked up at Relc, and his eyes dripped.
“Maybe that was why he found more in common with a Goblin Lord than any other Drake. I left him here. I left him, and the Antinium took my city—”
He raised his voice…then kicked a cobblestone savagely. It sailed through the window of a shop, and both of them looked up as someone cried out in dismay.
Relc caught up with Sserys as the General stopped two streets away. Sserys looked ruefully back at the shop.
“…I don’t belong here. From what you’ve said, it sounds like Liscor’s army didn’t change for the better after I died.”
“They were the heroes of the First Antinium War and the second…”
“Heroes. You’re saying that again. Ever met a real [Hero]? They are depressing as hell, and our Walled Cities would love to manufacture them, if we could control them. Heroes…we were a bunch of die-hard [Mercenaries] who got to fight the fight of our lives. They gave me a class and called me a great [General], but I don’t think they listened to me. Or they wouldn’t say things like ‘Drakes don’t run’. I died before I even got to enjoy being Izril’s darling. Zel was the one who continued.”
Sserys leaned on a wall. He felt at the nose again.
“…Now I’m a ghost stuck in a Human’s body. I only came back because there’s things my people have to know.”
“What?”
