8.81
Page 26
“I knew the glorious Tombhome of old, who was a friend and offered a choice. Is this the same? It looks changed. The alleyways spiral, the streets are no longer straight. It is so dark here…”
Dark. Trey Atwood remembered how parts of the city—the true parts, not the bright, happy mercantile districts for travelers—had been so ominous. Fetohep replied softly.
“They offered no choice, Yiraz. Spare the travelers and visitors, but offer no quarter.”
He waited, with everyone listening. At last, Yiraz replied, and his voice was low.
“…I see no visitors. I would believe they fled. I do not believe it is so. Scourgeriders—deliver them damnation. [Plague of Filth]. Send them pestilence.”
The chanting of the flying Revenants changed, and the shrieking took on a different tone. The Scourgeriders were sending the one thing that A’ctelios Salash’s population had ever feared.
Plague. Disease. The Scourgeriders were swooping through the air, laying waste to A’ctelios Salash. For the first fifteen minutes.
Then—Yiraz broke in.
“—They are climbing the walls! Dodge! D—”
“Yiraz? Yiraz, report!”
Silence for three minutes, then the Scourgerider replied.
“Your Majesty, we are under attack. Six of our number are down.”
“Six? Already?”
“They are everywhere. Our [Blademasters] are fighting every angle…they are climbing. Quarass, we are searching for the entrance you described to deliver your poison. We cannot find it.”
“Look for the tunnels along the skull opposite where you enter. They lead down.”
The Quarass snapped back. Yiraz broke off. Someone else replied.
“I am Scourgerider Nivita. I am at the location you describe, Quarass. It is not here. It is gone.”
The Quarass looked around, and Vizir Hecrelunn floated over.
“Those tunnels which lead into Tombhome’s depths? I remember them as well. They have always been there. They have always…”
He looked uncertainly at the Quarass. Fetohep wavered only a moment.
“Then search. Search for a way down.”
“Down where?”
Ceria looked around. It was the Quarass who answered.
“To the heart. The root of A’ctelios Salash. The head has already been emptied; if it is waking, it is deeper. They must descend. But if not there…”
Gazi opened her mouth, and a young man broke in.
“The pits.”
Everyone turned to Trey Atwood. He was white-faced, listening to the Scourgeriders trying to deliver on the oath he had sworn.
“What?”
“There are pits in the center of—near their headquarters. Gazi, Quarass, do you remember?”
They looked at each other.
“Yes. Yes—there are other entrances. Go towards the old headquarters, search there.”
“We are moving. Something is…Pakheil. Pakheil!”
The voice went silent. Trey shouted.
“Kill them! Set them free! Set them—”
“Trey.”
Flos put a hand on his shoulder, and the trembling young man looked around. Nothing was heard for another minute. Then Yiraz broke in.
“Your Majesty, we have found the tunnels leading down. I am leaving a third of my number to hold the area against reinforcements. The other two-thirds descend.”
“Yiraz, you will be trapped down there.”
“We will be overrun above. They…I report this. The denizens of A’ctelios Salash have reached a second level of transformation. Some of them. Our spells are failing against their hides. We must fight with blades. We must deliver Germina’s poison.”
Fetohep exchanged a look with the Quarass.
“Scourgerider Nivita?”
“Still fighting. They have no fear. Would that we could turn them against Dragons—I am descending myself. Communication may grow…”
 
——
 
Incoherent.
