8.81
Page 38
“Yes, Chieftain Rags of the Flooded Waters Tribe. I will cast my magics on your flight to speed and hide you. I wish your tribe…luck. Are you certain?”
Rags was not, but she looked at the crimson glow behind Anazurhe’s half-mask and nodded as she removed her own mask. One of Anazurhe’s daughters was coming with Rags. The [Witch] gave Rags an exasperated look.
“Strange little Goblin. I could imagine you will become a Goblin Lord if you are lucky. You are a strange one.”
Rags just shrugged.
“I have to go. I have to try. Will…will it work? All the parts? Magic and [Doctor] and Skills?”
The [Witch] shook her head.
“I have seen great rituals and magic, but this is not just that. It is…ideas and a combination of things. I would tell you no, if I were a [Mage]. But I am not. Try. The King of Khelt believes her soul is speaking to him. That is proof.”
Her eyes glittered, and Rags felt a leap of hope in her chest. Death was not the end. She wondered if Pyrite, Garen…
No. She just nodded to Anazurhe. There was a lot more, like her talking to that [Rogue] who traded with Goblins, arranging more connections between tribes, blackmailing the Healer of Tenbault, Hekusha, and plotting her route to pick up that Skill.
Redscar was already on the move. He passed in a blur. Rags got on the back of a Frost Wyvern—then she was flying up. Anazurhe cloaked the Frost Wyverns, turning their scales grey then blue as the camouflaged fliers took off with a huge tailwind blowing them forwards.
It felt like a dream. Each minute passed by slowly, but each hour was as long as the blink of an eye to Rags.
They were going to wake her up. The Goblins who flew with Rags did not know Erin Solstice. But the people that knew—they waited.
Lyonette, Saliss, Fetohep, Ilvriss, Altestiel, Eldavin, Ryoka, and more. Everyone who had joined together to help, from people who had never met her like the GSNF, people who were longing for her to wake…they read that last message from Rags.
 
R: I am going. I will wake her, or fail. It won’t be long. We will take a day or two to fly.
 
She pushed them. The Frost Wyverns, her Goblins—she pushed them as hard as she dared, with the Witch’s magic at her back.
It could have been a running battle of chases and desperate deeds all the way back to Liscor. Rags was, after all, being hunted by the Five Families and Tenbault’s protectors. But no one found them.
The Wyverns were cloaked in a great [Witch]’s magic, and there were a lot of suspicious clouds on the way south. Their route also took them away from major cities. Rags, staring up at the sky, thought not all of it looked like [Witch] magic, which was largely incomprehensible to her.
But who could cast spells from that far away and at that magnitude?
Well. She had a list.
There was one thing that Rags needed if the [Emperor] would not help. She had worried about how to get it if he did not acquiesce—and she had felt silly when it was provided.
Everyone was trying. Everyone. So, as Rags stopped on the first leg of her journey, she saw the rider below her looking up and slowing. A brave Human, to abandon her escort like that and not run when she saw Wyverns bearing Goblins descending.
“H-help—”
Hekusha hesitated as she saw another Human, then seemed to realize that she was not going to be rescued. Like Valeterisa—this stranger was not about to slay every Goblin in sight.
