8.81
Page 58
The [Innkeeper] shifted her grip, and Relc felt his [Dangersense] chiming in the back of his head. He felt the pressure.
She knew how to use that sword as well as his spear. But the young woman…the person inside Erin’s body just kept chuckling. She shook her head. Then, unexpectedly, she spat.
Every eye saw the glob of spit hit the paving stones of the City of Invention. ‘Erin’ wiped at her mouth with the other hand.
“‘Drakes don’t run?’ What a stupid thing to say.”
Everyone stared at her, nonplussed. Of all the things to stop her…Relc was looking for an opening, but the ‘young woman’ continued.
“Drakes absolutely run. It’s called a strategic retreat. You do it all the time when you’re losing—then you ambush the bastards or regroup.”
Something about the way they were speaking was making every scale on his body crawl. The cadence? The way she was pronouncing her words? No…more than that. What had she called him? That was an expression. The angry person went on.
“Drakes don’t run…that’s the kind of thing you tell a bunch of limp-tailed cowards in other cities hiding behind their walls. That’s what you shout at a handful of shivering recruits who need to hold onto something before they go into the grinder. When we need to win a battle. To put up their spines.”
She looked at him, and Relc’s arms grew weaker. It was that smile. Full of teeth. Humans hated that smile. It looked like how a Drake…
He went on, spitting again, standing at a kind of half-slouch, that sword he held tightly in one grip, a swordsman trained by battle. So confident. Looking around, eyes distant.
“That’s what you tell children when they ask where their fathers and mothers went. You tell them they never ran, even if you lie through your teeth. Even if you never knew them—or saw them die with a spear in their back. They never ran. Fine words for heroes. Stupid as Creler bait for a species.”
“You…”
Those words. Relc was an old [Soldier]. So old…his spear was shaking, and the person noticed it. He turned. It was Erin’s face. But that sharp look.
“What’s that? Spear trembling? Are you some kind of rookie? Hold it straight. You’d never shape up in my army like that.”
His army. Then the young woman squinted at Relc.
“…Or not. You. You’re familiar.”
“Yes.”
The shaking [Spearmaster] was locking eyes with someone. The [Guards] and [Soldiers] of Pallass looked up as the person in Erin Solstice frowned at Relc. Then he grinned.
“You want to know me. I think you do. Don’t you know my name? Or are you too young?”
Relc was speechless. It could not be. It wasn’t—but the young woman strutted around, putting one hand on her hip as he lowered his sword, peering critically around the City of Inventions. Like he knew it. Remembered it. He nodded to Relc as he gazed at the onlookers. Kicked a blade out of a Garuda’s grip.
“Look at them. They’ve forgotten me so quickly. And things are the same as ever and different. Pallass hasn’t changed, but I don’t even remember my city. Damned Antinium infesting it—I thought Zel was blowing smoke out of his tailhole.”
No. But then that head turned, and he looked Relc up and down, and the Drake stood straight, like a teenage boy standing before…before a [General] inspecting the ranks. That gaze.
“You know me. And I met you, when I was alive. Come on, you must get it by now.”
Every eye turned to the Gecko of Liscor, and he whispered the only name he could think of. The only one that fit. It was impossible. He didn’t know how—but he saw those bright eyes light up, that waiting smile.
“General Sserys.”
