8.81
Page 66
There, General Dionamella fell and the Wyrm of Ailendamus swore vengeance. But he heard nothing. He saw no ghost of her, for there was none to see. 
Nor did Fetohep of Khelt, sitting upon his throne. He talked with the Goblin Rags, and the [Emperor] of Riverfarm, who told the Goblin to fly for Liscor as the God of Rulers walked south to steal Erin Solstice’s body.
As Mrsha’s allies gathered in the Meeting of Tribes and Rafaema left Oteslia to seek a Dragon, Rags flew to Liscor. She arrived at the same time as Rafaema of Manus and attempted to wake Erin as the pall hanging over the ghosts in the Deadlands began to fade and they saw the end coming.
The God of Rulers and the Goddess of Last Stands, Tamaroth and Cauwine, both failed to steal Erin Solstice’s body. The Spear of the Drakes, General Sserys, took it into Pallass briefly, then said farewell to his city and flew south. He met the Archmage of Izril in the air and kept flying.
That very night, the Meeting of Tribes ended in a civil war as the Plain’s Eye tribe was revealed to have created a Daemon of Luck. The Witch of Webs walked about the task Chaldion of Pallass had given her. 
The Forgotten Wing Company was under siege, Foliana lying wounded, and Talenqual was engulfed in battle as Gravetender’s Fist and the United Nations company fought the Featherfolk Brigade in the streets. Paeth was falling.
The next morning, Fetohep of Khelt left Chandrar and sounded every alarm in existence. The ghosts of Chandrar watched him ride, and then the [Innkeeper] lifted the memory of the horn and blew it, and they heard. Ghosts and the living.
General Sserys laughed when he heard it, and Relc Grasstongue looked around for her, but the [Innkeeper] marched with the dead, leaving Chandrar. The God of Magic pursued the last Gnomes into a trap as the Witch of Webs stole the Titan from Izril. He routed the Jungle Tails company at Elvallian, and Paeth on the Coast teleported into the heart of Talenqual and ended the fighting.
The Last Traitor, Sprigaena, looked up then, and Cauwine reached down to her as Erin Solstice flew from Baleros. Pursued only by Norechl, the God of Nothing, for now. Wall Lord Ilvriss, Princess Lyonette du Marquin, Cire the Dragon, and the armies of Drakes advanced on the Gnolls of Izril as General Sserys flew towards them.
Ailendamus and the Dawn Concordat were poised to meet upon the borders of their nations, and Fetohep of Khelt looked north for the shores of Izril, trying to reach the Meeting of Tribes in time. 
As for Rags…
 
——
 
The inhabitants of the Wandering Inn knew none of this. They despaired, unable to process what they’d heard. A day after Erin’s body had vanished, they still didn’t know what to do. Where to go. They stood around, asking questions.
Was that really Sserys? Or was it some other monster?
No one moved. No one knew what came next. They had failed. All that effort had…gone to waste.
Gone to waste? It had brought someone back. And that someone…but it wasn’t her, and how much longer would they have to try and wait?
Then they heard that glorious horn call. It ran through the inn, through the ground, and everyone in Liscor heard it.
A little Goblin lying on her back and staring up at the ceiling sat up. A bunch of Goblins, Antinium, guests of the inn, looked at Rags. Redscar sat up too.
“Chieftain? What happened?”
How was she supposed to answer that? But because she was a Chieftain, a guest of Erin’s inn, Rags summarized it all with a general answer.
“Big mess. Wrong person.”
