8.81
Page 27
The moment Yiraz and his forces entered the second levels of A’ctelios Salash, past the first city, the speaking spells grew fragmented. They were underground, now, diving past the head.
How far down? And where? He was trying to report.
“—all around us. Tunnels opening, closing on…cutting them down…lost. [Bladedancers], stand here.”
“Casualties.”
Fetohep of Khelt stood there, conferring with the leaders present and…the stars? He kept looking up and listening to something.
“Twenty…of our number. The…do not die easily. Neither do…”
They needed to know where to go. Fetohep called out.
“You seek the hearts. Explorers of old ventured down there, Yiraz. They say there are hearts. Any one will do.”
“How do you know that?”
The Quarass looked at Fetohep. He didn’t reply. His golden flames were searching the air. Listening to something being related to him.
“Yiraz. There are more than just A’ctelios Salash’s people down there.”
“Yes. I sense them.”
 
——
 
They found them in a single moment of screaming so loud that the speaking spell cut out. Then there was dead silence.
“That’s not a voice. What was that?”
Alked Fellbow had his bow drawn. Fetohep just raised the stone.
“Yiraz. Yiraz?”
“—Scourgerider Nivita. Yiraz is gone. We…fleeing.”
“What did you run into?”
“One of us can barely kill…deeper. Hold them back. Your Majesty, our success—”
…Was no longer guaranteed. The Scourgerider’s voices broke off. Arguing. They were headed deeper.
 
——
 
They were sacrificing their number. Somewhere in the depths of A’ctelios Salash, through winding corridors that only the inhabitants knew, Revenants, the legends of old, stopped and let their number hold the line.
Undead champions with magic and sword, eyes blazing in the darkness, turning to face their pursuers. Buying time for a dwindling force to carry a vessel from the Quarass’ kingdom downwards, downwards.
“Vessel is cracked. Two more of our number are dead. Can we deploy…?”
The Quarass spoke.
“No. Not even that can quiet A’ctelios Salash. It must run through Tombhome. A heart. If not a heart—an artery. But no blood flows there.”
“Understood. We…try.”
They were falling. Nivita was reporting them calmly. They had died long ago, but a kind of horror fell over the adventurers, the Horns.
They had heard this before. The Scourgeriders were just…regretful. They had flown in life, now they died. A’ctelios Salash closed in.
“Above—do not know. Eighteen of us now. Eighteen.”
The [Captain] of the ship looked rattled.
“Eighteen out of sixty? They tore across Chandrar in Emrist’s day.”
“Yes. They did. Scourgerider. Report. Can you find an artery? The heartbeats are intensifying. Scourgerider!”
No response. Fetohep lifted another stone to his chest.
“Every legion heading southwards is to prepare for an attack.”
“They won’t be able to fight their way in. Not in those narrow passages. You could send a million soldiers against A’ctelios Salash and break. The Vizir has seen it tried.”
Vizir Hecrelunn hissed at Fetohep. The King of Khelt just shook his head.
“They will prepare for an attack. And I will return you and every force I can spare to do battle. Inform Roshal, Nerrhavia’s Fallen, and every power on Chandrar we must bring it down.”
“Emir Yazdil has already pledged Roshal’s armies to do battle.”
The Quarass murmured. Pisces twitched, but everyone was listening. Listening to the silent speaking stone. That shuddering sound from Chandrar that was now felt, tremors for miles and miles.
Thud. Thud. Thudthudthud……………thud.
An erratic beating from vast hearts. Irregular. Slow. Punctuated by minutes.
