8.81
Page 14
The King of Jecrass couldn’t hide the smile, and the look both rulers gave the Centauress nervously trotting around, slightly seasick, was not fond. Ksmvr nodded.
“I do not understand the entire nuance of these statements as I was not there, but I understand this Herdmistress is objectionable?”
“Ksmvr! Don’t interrupt!”
Pisces nudged his companion, but Ksmvr patted Pisces’ arm.
“Do not worry, Pisces. I am used to speaking with rulers.”
Raelt gave Ksmvr a blank look, but nodded.
“Herdmistress Geraeri is…difficult, Antinium Ksmvr. She is an uncontrollable force who can do much good or ill—a problem for any ruler. But she is a good woman—just as stubborn as a mule and inclined to support her own side. I don’t know how else to put it. It’s rare to have her in a nation.”
Both adventurers looked at each other.
“Like Erin?”
“Yes, exactly.”
Raelt and Jecaina raised their brows, wondering what an ‘Erin’ was. Alked Fellbow just frowned at Pisces and Ksmvr. They changed subjects in the short silence as Alked nodded at Ksmvr.
“So you’re the only Antinium to ever become an adventurer. Will there be more?”
Ksmvr looked struck.
“I do not know. I was exiled. Perhaps. My people could do very well as adventurers. Maybe some will come to Chandrar. Although we would have to go over…”
He trailed off. Then he began to scream.
“Aaaah! AAAAAH! Aaaaah! AAAAAAH!”
Everyone nearly jumped out of their skin. Alked had a hand on his bow when Ksmvr calmed down.
“I apologize. I remembered we were—we are surrounded by water! We are all going to drown! Aaaaaaah—I am better now, thank you.”
Pisces patted Ksmvr on the shoulder, and the Antinium shuddered. He stared at the deck. Raelt looked at his daughter, then cleared his throat.
“I—see. And you are a [Necromancer].”
Pisces braced, but Raelt just looked at him expectantly.
“I…yes, Your Majesty.”
“Hm. Well—it’s fascinating that you also were trained by a [Duelist]. I’ve never heard of the class aside from Az’kerash being viable, but that’s proof in itself, isn’t it? Are there any unique synergies between necromancy and dueling?”
Pisces blinked as Jecaina turned. Alked just scratched at his chin, interested.
“[Necromancers] don’t become adventurers in Chandrar often, though there are lots of bones under the sand. I sometimes partied with one just to send a zombie as bait. None of them were good at fencing at all.”
“I…I…I do practice a bit of the sword. But I am hardly competent. I never earned a silver bell, though my f—instructor was one, and I bested him in an actual duel. But I’m just, ah—a novice.”
Ksmvr felt at the back of Pisces’ neck as the [Necromancer] tried to swat his hands down.
“Comrade Pisces, are you sick? You appear to be. I have never heard you describe your abilities in less than stellar terms.”
“A silver-bell? At your age? My daughter has one…”
“Father.”
“The world knows about it, sure, Your Majesty! And your own duel was sublime—”
Raelt tried to wave this away, looking embarrassed.
“It was the most disgraceful performance. I would have had that gold bell taken away. I don’t know what I was thinking. No poison, and I kept getting trapped against that damn stone wall.”
“Not at all! Your Majesty, that was the most extraordinary—I hate to ask this of you, but I would be remiss not to ask for an autograph. And if you were ever so inclined to duel…although your captivity…”
Pisces looked actually enamored. Ksmvr began poking him, just to get him to stop looking like that. Raelt looked embarrassed and pleased by the attention.
