8.81
Page 48
Captain Todi of Todi’s Elites stood in the street. He put a pinkie into one ear and swiveled it around; the wax he’d put there was itching. But his Gold-rank team didn’t move.
Indeed…they had been waiting a long time. Todi smiled at Merdon. The proper, shit-eating grin of a man who knew he was holding all the cards and going to make someone else’s day worse.
“Can’t do that, Merdon. We’ve been hired to make sure those Goblins get to their destination.”
He nodded around, and the men and women with crossbows and wands sighed. It had been a long time. But they had been waiting, doing odd jobs for their employer, and Selys Shivertail knew how to employ Todi.
She knew…Liscor. And she had been waiting for this day. Certain that something would occur. Todi had been preparing too, and Merdon was on the top of his action-list.
“Someone’s hired you to—get out of the way! The Healer of Tenbault is being held captive by those Goblins!”
Todi lit up one of Palt’s puffers and blew a plume of smoke. He frowned; he’d wanted a smoke ring for effect, but he wasn’t good enough. He shrugged.
“And you’ll get her. Just not right now. Did you hear she’s supposed to save someone’s life? Proper [Healer] business, that. What comes after is up for negotiation. But if I were you, I’d save your revenge for another day. My employer’s assured me that the Healer of Tenbault will be returned safely once this is over.”
Merdon was shaking with anger. He looked at Todi, and his voice deepened ominously.
“You think you can stop me, Todi? You and your artifact-team? What happens if I ignore your ‘advice’?”
Todi sighed. Dead gods damn it. He tossed the puffer down and stomped on it. Then he lifted a wand in one hand and aimed the crossbow at Merdon’s gut.
“Then we throw down, Merdon. If it gets nasty? Well…I bet you can shout a [Fireball] out of existence, but my team and I all have Wands of [Fireball]. Don’t.”
It was about then that one of the Gold-rank adventurers nudged Merdon.
“Boss—they’ve got an angle on us.”
Merdon looked up, and if the crossbows had laser sights, he would have noticed now that not all were on his front. A figure was sitting on a roof, crossbow aimed down at Merdon. The Named Adventurer’s veins bulged, and one actually burst as Todi watched.
“Ah, shit. He’s losing his temper. Get ready.”
He muttered out of the corner of his mouth as a red stain spread over Merdon’s purpling face. He wished the man weren’t so clever; Merdon was a bit of a bull, but he was clever enough to realize that Invrisil was a good point to jump to various locations to find those Goblins thanks to the magic door. Once he heard about a certain Goblin tribe and an inn and a dead [Innkeeper]…
Well, he would never reach that inn. He might blow out every unenchanted window in Liscor, but the Watch wouldn’t take that, and Todi had promised Selys Shivertail. His finger tightened on the crossbow’s trigger.
“Merdon. I don’t feel like getting a name for team-killing today. Back off.”
Too many people had waited too long for this moment. The Named Adventurer would never make it to that inn. Todi waited as Merdon opened his mouth and braced himself. But Merdon never spoke a word.
He hesitated…and looked down at a reflection of his chin. He needed to shave, and he had a wart or something on the side of his neck. He could tell because a silver mirror was placed very handily there, showing him the underside of his jaw and that if the person holding that sword sneezed, Merdon’s throat would have a second exit.
