8.81
Page 11
“I would like my kin in the Claiven Earth to know that Antinium are people, Ierwyn. Some might be…obeying orders, but they are a people in service to their Queens. I would trust Ksmvr with my life—I have time and time again. He’s odd, but funny, loyal, and he would be an Elf-friend if I went home in good standing. I hope you’ll think on that.”
“I surely will. A people is different from a plague.”
Ierwyn met Ceria’s gaze as she turned to Yvlon.
“And you, Adventurer Byres, I thank for your forbearance. It has been a long time since even the Claiven Earth have met someone else with a Melded class. Did you gain it by injury or affinity? I apologize if it is a painful question.”
Yvlon’s mouth opened. Ceria’s ears perked up.
“A—I—what? A Melded class?”
Ierwyn blinked at Yvlon, and the [Silversteel Armsmistress] realized—
Half-Elf. She was very, very old.
“Your arms are metal. Some half-Elves have replaced limbs with root or even vine, though it is an exceedingly rare class. Beyond a simple prosthesis—metal has replaced skin. Has no one told you…? Your new class is the kind that made Men of Metal. Or Women of Metal…it may subsume or join with any class you have, be it [Knight] or otherwise. You must choose. Or else you will gain Skills that mean more than your arms will be metal. In time…”
Yvlon’s head spun. She lifted her reflective metal arms and stared at her face as they reflected moonlight and stars. In time—she would become entirely…?
 
——
 
With the little bit of Regeneration Potion, Flos Reimarch only healed enough to stop breaking scabs and flesh open with each move. His tongue was still damaged—but he had worked out a better system to communicate.
The spray of vomit coming from the woman with metal arms splattered him for a second time that night as he lifted a hand. Orthenon dodged it entirely.
“Your Majesty.”
He offered Flos a handkerchief, and the King of Destruction sighed. Then he turned back to the person he had sought out.
“Mey meeth again, mero mf mefe.”
The silent, somber man with a single sword at his side stared at the King of Destruction’s placid green eyes. Orthenon translated.
“My liege is injured. I shall translate for him. ‘We meet again, Hero of Zethe.’”
“Ah. King of Destruction.”
The Hero of Zethe, a farmer who had a family in the middle of nowhere, bowed very slowly. Flos Reimarch smiled.
“Meh mth—”
“(My mind returns to the time we fought. I thought you dead. Where have you been hiding?)”
The [Hero] waited for the translation. Indeed…many didn’t recognize him, but those that did, even [Knights], were in awe.
For here was a [Hero]. Not a famous [Knight]. Not a Named Adventurer.
A [Hero].
His legend was in the history books. But the man himself…he looked like he was a casual farmer, dressed in simple clothing. Simple clothing that never tore and had survived for decades, made of finest thread for when he wanted to be anonymous. The rich, regal clothing he had been adorned in when they cheered his name had long since rotted or been sold.
Indeed, anonymity suited him. Until the day he had seen Fetohep calling for aid.
“We battled only twice, King of Destruction. Your legend was on the rise, and I saw your armies marching—but I had no strength to fight you, even as invaders. You had a just enough cause.”
“(I had every cause and need.)”
The Hero of Zethe paused. He met Flos’ gaze and shook his head, straight to the King of Destruction’s face.
