8.81
Page 49
His team recoiled; they hadn’t even seen the warrior sneaking up. But he was there, so fast that even the Named Adventurer had been caught off-guard. The voice that emanated from the insect’s mandibles was polite, precise…and intense.
“I would like you to note, Senior Guardsman Relc, that I am not part of the City Watch.”
“Really, Klb, old buddy? I thought you were.”
Klbkch shook his head as he held one of his swords at Merdon’s neck. The man inhaled, and blood ran from his neck as Klbkch pressed the sword a bit closer to his throat. With his other finger, he wagged it at the Drake, admonishing him.
“Incorrect. I resigned my commission for an extended leave of absence. Therefore, I am a citizen knowingly committing an illicit act in the City of Liscor. Feel free to arrest me, Guardsman Relc. Although, I would request you take in this Named Adventurer as well as a matter of public interest.”
Senior Guardsman Relc and Klbkch stood in the street as Relc leaned on his spear. The adventurers were transfixed; Todi was grinning widely, watching Klbkch. Relc checked the sky, squinted at the sun, and shrugged.
“…I’m off-duty, Klb, buddy. What do you take me for? I’m Relc. This seems like a matter for the next guard-patrol to sort out.”
“Indeed. Then my felonious actions will go unchecked a while longer. I will register a formal complaint later.”
They were bantering. Merdon’s jaw worked.
“You—don’t you dare stop me. The north will—”
“Do what, Adventurer Merdon? No, do not answer that question. I am aware of the issue. The Healer of Tenbault will be returned. But you will not go near that inn.”
“I will not—”
Merdon tried to move, but the sword cut deeper into his neck, and Relc winced. Klbkch’s voice was suddenly very, very serious.
“Move or speak and I will rid Izril of a Named Adventurer. I am Klbkch the Slayer of the Antinium. Do you think I will hesitate?”
A stream of red dripped from Merdon’s neck onto that silver mirror. The Named Adventurer did not bleed like that. Merdon was not supposed to bleed like that. He was a Named Adventurer. He had answered everything from Wyverns to armies with his voice! He opened his mouth and…froze as he looked at his opponent.
Klbkch the Slayer stood there, the quiet legend of Liscor. The genuine article, returned. He looked across Merdon’s team and smiled. The Centenium saw nothing but corpses. That insect’s head turned, and two blank bug eyes looked at Merdon, tilting left and right.
Merdon Crowcaller said nothing. He held very still, eyes wide. Relc lifted his claws as Merdon looked at him.
“I think you’d better listen to what he says. He’s crazy. He even attacked me. Klb—are you going to stand here all day?”
“No. Just a while longer until I am arrested. You will have to go without me, Relc. I will follow you shortly.”
Relc looked at Klbkch, and the Slayer gazed back at him. Klbkch’s mandibles moved.
“…When she wakes up, I will see her. I am a bit ashamed. Go.”
Relc nodded. The Drake Guardsman stood straighter and eyed Todi.
“You got this?”
“With the…yes. Definitely.”
The Gold-rank Captain jumped and nodded. So Relc walked on. He lifted a hand, and Klbkch nodded to him.
It was Relc who walked across Liscor. Senior Guardsman Relc. Watch Sergeant Relc. The Gecko of Liscor, Relc the…
Just Relc.
He felt a bit bad about leaving Klbkch there. But they had flipped a coin, and Relc had won. So the Antinium stood there.
Klbkch looked so different from the friend that Relc had known. A tall, slim, intense Antinium who was the blade expert that had won great victories for the Antinium.
