8.81
Page 56
She was running, running so fast that Relc was barely faster than her, vaulting a staircase, leaping with the grace of a trained warrior.
Heading for the Grand Staircase. There was a wild smile on her face. A glow from her eyes of excitement. Relc knew it wasn’t her.
That smile was all wrong. Every way she moved, the way she bared her teeth in a feral grin—
He sprinted towards her. The hesitation wasn’t gone. That wasn’t her. The Gecko of Liscor forgot he was unarmed and unarmored.
“You! Who are you?”
He was screaming. The [Innkeeper] barely noticed him. An entire city was on the alert, but they were not prepared for one Human, even if they had encountered her before.
She looked around, and another group of Pallass’ Watch just…fell, their strings cut as they ran towards her, uncertain. Relc saw it, and his eyes went wide.
Aura? Or something else? He felt that. No wonder no one had been able to even stop her. They just…stopped, collapsed.
All but one. One person had been aware of this day. He had not expected this. But he had remained in Pallass because he had believed the same thing as Relc, deep down.
Now…now, Grimalkin of Pallass leapt up the stairs of the City of Inventions like a boulder hurled from a catapult, blurring towards Erin Solstice. The Sinew Magus’ eyes were locked on the young woman.
He reached Erin first. Cloaked in magic, the strongest mage in Pallass reached for her arm. The grinning Human turned. She saw one huge claw closing over her arm and…
Dodged. Like he was moving in slow motion, Grimalkin missed her as she slid around him. He turned, but even under a [Haste] spell…
He was not the fastest thing in the world. This wasn’t an [Innkeeper]. It was a warrior. She did not know him, and he did not know her.
He hesitated and then threw a punch as Relc vaulted a staircase and flew down a floor, landing so hard he heard his bones creaking. When he caught sight of them again—he saw they were fighting.
The Sinew Magus had studied martial arts. He was regarded as one of the best [Mages] in the world in hand-to-hand combat.
…He was losing. He threw up one arm to shield himself, and she struck him in the ribs so hard Relc swore he saw Grimalkin’s feet leave the ground. The body was Erin’s, but the force and speed—
Grimalkin was holding back. He jabbed, but his concentration, his killing intent—she grabbed the arm and threw him. The [Mage] caught himself and lifted a glowing claw.
She picked up a sword. Relc lost sight of them one second. He shoved aside staring people and saw Erin running. Grimalkin was bleeding.
Eight cuts, each one so deep he had to drink a healing potion or bleed out in less than a minute. The Sinew Magus turned as Relc ran by.
“Gecko! Stay back! She’ll kill you! The Assembly of Crafts! Guard the Assembly—she’s headed for—”
He was pointing at one of the largest buildings in Pallass. The Assembly of Crafts, where all the [Senators] and leaders of Pallass’ civilian government were. Relc saw the guards at the entrance collapsing.
But there she was. The young woman looked back once and saw the Gecko running after her. The only person who could catch her. She pointed at him, and he felt something pressing him down. Trying to sap his strength.
Relc—refused. Erin. He leapt at her as she whirled, blade in hand. That bright light behind her gaze.
One claw caught the sword-hand, the other grabbed Erin. The fastest Drake in all of Liscor saw her react—so quick. And those lips moved and he heard her voice.
