8.81
Page 41
“Ilvriss’ representative is staying at Peslas’ inn. The Tailless Thief. They still have it.”
“And the Skill?”
“Rags has it. And she said she had the [Mage] who can cast all the spells necessary. She ‘made them learn it’. So that means…that means…”
“Everything is in order, it would appear.”
Klbkch looked up from the copy of the [Doctor]’s instructions. Relc looked to him and then around.
“Wait—it’s all here? No mistakes?”
Palt was checking over the list of spells.
“I could cast some of them myself. Grimalkin could substitute them—the antidote is here. So long as no one breaks it or does something incredibly stupid like drop the Potion of Regeneration…”
Everyone had an image of someone—Troy—taking the antidote and falling, shattering it against the wall. They looked for the bottle, but Ishkr had already put it away. Plus, it was shatterproof.
“I…wait. So we’ve got the potion. We’ve got the antidote, and everything’s ready. Is this—happening?”
Relc looked around. No one quite dared say it. Kevin looked out the window.
“It’ll be a day or two before Rags gets here either way. Let’s…we’re early. We should relax and tell everyone and wait.”
Imani rubbed at one ear.
“Yeah. Kevin, where were you? With Goblins? Say that again?”
Kevin began to explain a longer version of what he’d been doing, censored for the Goblins’ safety, and Klbkch and Relc just stood there. Everyone looked to a door against the far wall, standing there, waiting to be opened.
It led into a garden where a beam of light shone down on a hill of red Sage’s Grass and yellow Faerie Flowers. It led across different biomes of the garden. And up…up towards a hill shrouded in mist, past statues, to that bier of ice.
There she was. This was it. It was going to happen. As they realized it, the inhabitants of the inn…suddenly felt it.
 
——
 
The Goblins on the Wyvern, Kiish, Rags, they all sensed it too, suddenly. As they were flying, talking, going over the ritual’s components again, each one stopped a second and blinked at the others, words unspoken in the backs of their throats.
Was this going to work? Was this…really happening? And if it was, was it actually going to succeed?
They were trying to do the impossible, after all. Erin was frozen, and even the Earthers had been taught to understand that cryogenics was just an idea, science fiction that no one had actually been even close to reversing.
That emotion that everyone had been suppressing so long with desperation, with need, with the conviction that this would work and this was the great quest crept in at last. It was a simple thing, sitting there, as large as the High Passes.
Doubt.
It would have been easier if it were a magical scroll. With every mile, with each wingbeat, with every second, it sounded less plausible. Especially for people who had only ever believed in the power of spells.
This was just…a bunch of components. A Potion of Regeneration, two-thirds empty. A random spellcaster of dubious ability. A potion brewed by a naked Drake. A few spells and a Skill borrowed from someone they had never met.
Was it going to work?
Who could return that little spark of life, captured for far too long in a frozen, damaged body? It seemed too easy, now.
It seemed…impossible.
Her friends wavered, and they sat there, unwilling to say the thing now on their minds because they didn’t want to voice it aloud. Because that was a betrayal of Erin and everything everyone had sacrificed and worked for. All of this, from the Horns to even Lyonette in Oteslia—
