8.81
Page 21
In the dark night, the sandstorm and raging waters abated a moment. The thundering skies of clouds drew back, exposing a bright moon. Lightning crackled through the air—then flashed away.
A line in the sky opened up, and there she descended. Archmage Amerys, drifting downwards, as the King of Destruction stepped away from the others and reached up towards her.
Her eyes, like the very heart of a lightning bolt, met his, green like the very lands he had dreamed of riding across. Amerys, the Calm Flower of the Battlefield, alighted on the deck, and the King of Destruction embraced her.
His greatest [Mage] looked at Flos Reimarch after so long. She had seen him slumbering for twenty years—and now, a year after he had awoken, returned to life, they finally met.
This—was the stuff of stories. Everyone watched as Chandrar’s famous [King] met one of his Seven.
For good or ill. The Terandrian [Knights] watched with a mix of anticipation, knowing they could say they had been here, worry for the future, and…satisfaction.
Satisfaction, because they could hear Flos laughing in relief. Laughing, knowing his friend was safe. His companion.
Amerys was laughing too, but quietly. Tiredly. She was looking Flos up and down. The first words from her mouth were…
“You stink, and you’re covered in injuries. Did you pick a fight with a Flame Elemental again?”
“(No, I was fighting a Djinni, actually—)”
“What? Can’t you speak? I am gone for a year and you’ve crippled yourself. A year? And you send Gazi to rescue me? What are you doing on this ship?”
Flos muttered something incomprehensible, and Amerys just stared at him as Orthenon approached.
“Amerys. It is good to see you.”
“Ah. Wonderful. A man with no tongue, and a man with no personality. Where is Mars? Gazi! Where are you?”
Amerys was quick, and her gaze flashed with mockery, but then she and Orthenon looked at each other, and the [Steward] touched her arm.
“You look thin. Tired. I will find you something to eat, and you will rest as long as you need. Then—we will avenge every wrong on Wistram’s head.”
Amerys tightened a weak grip on his shoulder.
“Ah, Orthenon. I will hold you to that. How has it been? You, who waited the longest with the King of Sloth.”
“(I’m right here.)”
Both his vassals ignored him a moment. Orthenon threw back his head and stared up. Then he smiled at Amerys, who grinned, as fast as a flash.
“Almost worth the wait. It is good to see you back, Calm Flower. Chandrar has need of your wisdom and grace.”
She was laughing at that when Gazi strode onto the deck. She caught sight of Flos but was too slow to avoid his bear hug as he swept her up.
“My lord—enough. This is a public moment—”
The embarrassed Gazer protested, but then there were three of them, all standing together as Orthenon nodded at Gazi.
“Well done.”
“Fair praise, coming from you.”
The two looked at each other as Amerys began to laugh louder.
“Ah, there is the Dour Couple. The worst match in Chandrar—or so I said until Orthenon began to send poetry and flowers and I learned Gazi could blush like anyone else!”
She put her arms around both of them to lean on their shoulders, and both promptly shrugged her off. Amerys almost fell down, but Flos held her, and his head turned.
“(Where is Trey?)”
“There.”
Every head turned, and the young man climbing onto the deck suddenly found himself at the center of attention. Trey Atwood froze, but then Flos was striding across the deck to him. Amerys sighed and looked around.
