8.81
Page 51
The Gnoll nodded. Relc saw to his surprise that some people did have food. Kevin and Joseph were sitting together, chatting and watching everything. They could eat?
No…the food was purely ornamental. No one had so much as touched a morsel, even the Antinium. Relc could have used a drink. He—saw another door open.
Then there was sunlight. The morning’s air blew in with the scents of plants as Relc looked into the [Garden of Sanctuary].
He saw everyone’s heads turn, and they all went silent as someone walked into the room.
“We are almost ready. Who will help carry her into the inn? It must be in the inn?”
Pawn looked around, and Rags nodded.
“For magic. Right?”
The Healer of Tenbault stuttered as she stared at an Antinium and nearly collapsed, but Strategist Kiish just nodded, fiddling with her glasses.
“Excuse me. Should we have a scrying spell…? I am sure others would want to watch.”
“No. No outside magics.”
Palt objected instantly. Kiish nodded at once.
“Of course. Afterwards. Do we need to wait on anyone…?”
The others susurrated.
“Where’s Pelt? Hedault, where’s…?”
“I sent him an exact schedule. It appears he is not here, Kevin.”
“Neither’s Olesm. Relc—did you see Captain Todi? Did he…?”
“He and Klbkch are bullying a Named-rank adventurer. Don’t worry, Selys.”
The [Heiress] sat down as Relc saw Pawn glance at him. Belgrade was behind Pawn, and the [Priest] looked about.
“Should we then begin, or is there anything we are waiting for?”
No one had a reply. After a second, Palt coughed.
“…The—the bier. How are you going to move it?”
“We shall lift it. Though some magic to stabilize it may be acceptable? Who will carry her?”
Relc’s claw twitched, but then he kept it low. He watched as people stood. Pawn gazed about, and he and Belgrade were two of the six.
Pawn, Palt, Ishkr, Belgrade, Selys, and Rags herself walked into the [Garden of Sanctuary] slowly. Relc stood there.
“Relc? Do you want to…?”
Drassi had arrived, panting after running from Liscor. So was Silveran. No Grimalkin…no Chaldion. No Saliss or Lyonette or…Mrsha.
No Horns.
No Ryoka.
Relc tried not to count. He leaned against one wall, baring his teeth in what he hoped looked like a smile.
“I’m great, Drassi. What? Me? No—I’d just trip or do something stupid. I’m…is it happening now?”
No one answered that question. Relc stood there as Drassi walked forwards, and the first thing she did was address the Goblins.
“H-hello. Don’t I know you?”
Calescent and Redscar turned, and the Goblins blinked at Drassi. Then Calescent grinned, and she smiled back.
“Do you want anything to drink…?”
Relc listened, and it all sounded faraway. He was panting, he realized. The Gecko of Liscor looked up, and then the door to the [Garden of Sanctuary] opened into the common room again. Before he was ready—he saw frost, mist rising. And—
 
——
 
Relc stood in the connecting hallway, panting, listening to the voices from the common room.
“—right there. Are you ready, Healer?”
“I think so. W-w-we just follow the instructions. Who has the…?”
“I will pray as well, if it is acceptable.”
“Pray…?”
The Drake’s claws trembled on the door to the common room. He cracked it back open and saw everyone gathered around a space in the center of the inn. Someone had drawn glowing runes on the floor, bright magic, and he felt the springtime in the air as the Potion of Regeneration was opened.
Ishkr had the antidote in his paws, and Strategist Kiish stood in the center as Palt ashed his cigar and stepped forwards. Even the damn spider looked like it was watching.
