8.81
Page 10
The Hydra Knight was reporting the Order of the Solstice news to her [Grandmaster] while Yvlon and Ceria talked. Pisces and Ksmvr had been dragged off by Jecaina to meet King Raelt, and Bandages had followed. The two were so engrossed that they barely noticed another interested group approaching.
“Excuse me, may I interject? I couldn’t help but hear you were from the Claiven Earth. Sister.”
Ceria turned and…gulped…as she saw a detachment of half-Elves walking across the deck. Yvlon looked at the Herald of the Forests and stiffened at once. Ierwyn saw Ceria hesitate.
“Uh—well—that’s a lie.”
“Yes. Am I addressing the Horns of Hammerad?”
The two young women instantly bowed as Ierwyn and several senior half-Elves introduced themselves. One kept staring at Ceria’s circlet, but their greatest [Mage] had refused to jump on a ship. As for Ierwyn…
“Are you allies of Khelt, adventurers? Or merely participants to King Fetohep’s designs?”
Ceria and Yvlon exchanged looks. Yvlon answered for both.
“We have never met the…king, Lady Ierwyn. But one of our friends appears to have met him.”
“Somehow.”
The Herald’s brows rose.
“Indeed? Someone who has met the King of Khelt and gained his respect is no light name. May I ask it? Would it perchance be…Trey Atwood?”
She delivered the line like a blademaster drawing back her sword for the final thrust in a graceful dance. And—missed completely as the two adventurers gave her a blank stare.
“No…Erin Solstice.”
“Oh.”
The half-Elves all murmured; this sounded like the truth, but it threw a wrench in their intelligence. Ierwyn collected herself almost immediately.
“May I ask where she hails from? What she does? And I must confess, I would like to personally greet a fellow half-Elf. Excuse me for the rudeness, Adventurer Yvlon, but we are a far-flung species.”
“I—uh—I’m so embarrassed. And so sorry about the joke!”
Ceria turned beet red, much to Yvlon’s satisfaction, and stammered as she and Ierwyn held out hands and touched fingertips. It was a very half-Elven greeting, and Ceria performed an odd bow that Yvlon had never seen.
“Are you from one of the villages, rather than a city, then?”
“I—I—yes. The Village of the Spring. I’ve heard of the Claiven Earth, but I never thought I’d meet you…”
The half-Elves were smiling, and Yvlon took that moment to get a drink of water. On the way back, she heard Ceria exclaiming.
“…Left my village, actually. It’s—complicated.”
The half-Elves all nodded.
“Then we will not dig. We left our homes to create the Claiven Earth. Have you met more of our kind on your travels?”
“Uh—Falene Skystrall. Oh, and…”
Ceria hesitated for one visible second, then lowered her voice.
“…Alchemist Irurx. I was in Savere, and I met his ship at port and survived it. Shifthold.”
The effect on the half-Elves was dramatic. All but Ierwyn recoiled instantly in clear horror. Yvlon herself hesitated. That—did not sound like a good name.
“You have met the Writhing Alchemist? That monster? How? And how did you escape?”
Ceria had to relate a bit about Savere’s port laws and her encounters with the Siren as Yvlon listened in horror. She told the story matter-of-factly, economically, but also with a certain…detachment. She was clearly sparing everyone the horrific details, Yvlon realized. Even the Herald was shaking her head at the end of the tale.
“Then you are an adventurer in truth, sister, to have met one of our worst traitors and lived. And you journey in strange company.”
She meant Ksmvr and Pisces. Yvlon re-entered the conversation as Ceria waved it away.
