8.81
Page 60
Who? But the [General] was striding so fast Relc had to jog to catch up. He still had the bloody sword on one shoulder. Erin’s body…Sserys kept poking the healed holes in her chest.
“Good thing I was here. I don’t think that ritual was working. That Skill had all the force of a Lizardboy behind it until I stepped in. Besides—she’s not here to use it.”
“What are you doing with her body? That’s Erin’s. How do you know her?”
Relc put a claw on Sserys’ shoulder, but the [General] swatted it away.
“Shut up, brat. I’ll just borrow her body for a bit. Izril needs someone to slap it on the ass and give it a kick in the tail. At least—my people do. What are they doing right now? No—I need a list of every military leader. The intelligent ones can’t all be dead. All five of them? Izril needs me to tell them what’s coming.”
What’s coming? Relc hesitated as Sserys found Chaldion’s home. The guards in front of it had been reinforced by Grimalkin. Sserys just walked at them.
“Halt—who are you?”
“I’m General Sserys of Liscor. Get out of my way.”
Grimalkin’s arm jerked as he tried to bar the door. He looked at Relc, then Erin’s face, lost for words. The young woman walked forwards, halted, and then kicked him just below the kneecap so hard the Sinew Magus’ arm jerked. She nodded at Relc.
“Tell the cute idiot to stop getting in my way or I’ll remove a testicle. Explain it—[Spearmaster]? We could have used more of you back when I was alive. Ah, here we are.”
A Gnoll [Housekeeper] and a Drake were in the doorway. The Drake aimed a wand at Erin, eyes wide, but the young Human took two steps into the house, slapped the wand across the room, and grabbed his shoulder.
“You—”
He was treated to an ivory grin. Sserys whispered in Chaldion’s ear as he kicked the Gnoll out.
“Hey, you scheming, one-eyed fiend. I should have known you’d fight old age as bitterly as everything else. I need a word. Even you can be useful.”
He pointed to Relc as the Drake stood there, lost for words. Sserys flicked a hand, and the sword he had stolen slammed into the stone of Chaldion’s doorway.
“I need ten minutes. Get me a Pegasus and a sword.”
 
——
 
It took forty minutes. By then…Relc’s head was still spinning. Liscor and Pallass were in uproar. Even if you said it—it was impossible to believe.
Nor was Sserys giving anyone a chance to sit down and process it. Like a [Bandit], he was moving and getting what he wanted by sheer momentum.
Relc didn’t know what he’d said to Chaldion, but the Drake almost looked dead when the [General] marched out of the house. Certainly—Chaldion didn’t stop Sserys from getting what he wanted.
Which was armor, a sword, and a Pegasus. And a drink.
The sight of Erin Solstice taking down an entire cup of Firebreath Whiskey with every sign of delight…Sserys exhaled.
“Twenty fucking years. Now, all I want is fifteen minutes and the right Drake or Gnoll.”
Relc’s look of horror made Sserys snort.
“Don’t get your scales twisted up. I said ‘want’. You’re ugly enough, or that giant ‘Sinew Magus’. But the genuine article’s dead.”
He lost the smile and tossed the glass across Tails and Scales. Then Sserys strode out of the bar, past Rufelt and Lasica.
“Dead. I’m some legend, and people quote me like I was a hero. My city’s infested with insects, and we’re making war on the Gnolls? I’ve had bad dreams. This…this is just stupid.”
“Sir. You’ve been dead twenty years…I was just a raw recruit when you led the army into the Hive. What happened? What—can the dead return to life?”
