8.81
Page 57
So familiar. So foreign. Someone else spoke with her mouth. Relc looked into those eyes and asked for the last time.
“Who are you?”
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sprigaena, confronting the God of Rulers who had failed.
 
Tamaroth was howling in the lands of the dead as Sprigaena fell away from him. She arced downwards like a broken dream, her sword cutting across the Devourer of Time’s front. One cut from sky to land, trying to divide the world in half.
—Even the greatest skill with the blade wasn’t enough. Not to kill something on the threshold of godhood. The Devourer of Time reached out for Sprigaena as the Last Elf looked up at one fate.
Tamaroth. Reaching down for her. Then at the horror reaching for her through time itself. She tried to move and lifted her blade for one final cut.
A second blade cut across the horizon. A second slash, horizontally, drawing the blood of the Timewalker. A Skill without a Skill.
Grace, given to someone who had learned the art of the sword as well as every other weapon from the moment she had been conceived.
Sprigaena blinked upwards as someone leapt downwards and landed. As a hand reached for her, the God of Rulers recoiled. The Last Traitor looked up in confusion. She backed away.
“Twice now. Twice! Cauwine!”
The Goddess of Last Stands, the warrior among the six, stood there, drenched in the blood of Norechl’s kin. Her eyes were sparkling with excitement.
Tamaroth and Cauwine. Sprigaena was confused. She had been told one or the other…Laedonius Deviy, pursuing the ghosts of Drath, looked up suddenly.
“Impossible. Then—who is in her body?”
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We tried the ritual. Something went wrong. It’s not her. Relc went after her.
 
Relc stared down into hazel eyes and that maddening grin. The force wearing Erin’s body, the thief…had such a terrible smile. Not fitting to the [Innkeeper]. Wide and full of teeth.
And that voice…his claws trembled as he tried to hold her, but she was so strong. The person in Erin spoke.
“My. Aren’t you a generous cup of amentus juice?”
Relc blinked. Then he felt a foot underneath him. The young woman kicked him into the air.
The Drake landed, cursing, and saw a sword aimed at his chest. The being standing there tilted her head, that smile never fading. She looked Relc up and down as he froze.
Could he kill her? But his mind was locked on that…saying. And that smile. Then ‘Erin’ snapped at him.
“Ugly as the underside of a boot and twice as tough. What’s a Drake like you doing in the Watch instead of the army?”
“Huh?”
The sword jabbed as ‘Erin’ stepped in, and Relc recoiled. The figure backed up, and more [Soldiers] and [Guards] were arriving.
They had to know they were dead. Grimalkin had nearly been killed, but the warrior had turned her blade before the last strike. Relc saw a Drake with a bow aiming—the figure whirled.
“No! Get out—”
Before he could shout or jump forwards, the sword had slashed the bow apart. The other [Guards] collapsed, one clutching at a cut across the wrist. ‘Erin’ held her sword casually.
“Get lost. You don’t want to die, do you?”
She addressed the Pallasians. A Drake reaching for her sword hilt gasped as Relc scooped up a spear. ‘Erin’ stomped the blade and claws flat, but the Drake just hissed up at her.
“Drakes don’t run. Do your worst.”
The young woman’s eyes narrowed. Then she threw back her head and laughed. She laughed contemptuously and kicked the sword hilt away. She turned her head, and a spear was aimed at her back.
“Don’t move.”
