8.81
Page 47
Tamaroth warned them, but the Dancing Man just stepped around mountains, through stone, hurrying, reaching out. Cauwine knocked Tamaroth aside, her very nature warring with him, and the three dead gods descended on a valley betwixt the High Passes.
A single inn where a body lay.
Waiting. Tamaroth howled with outrage as he and Cauwine threw the God of Dance back, and Laedonius Deviy retreated, cursing in frustration. Then there were only two. A body.
And what happened next…
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The morning of the day Fetohep received that terrible warning from Selys, the day before he left Khelt, the city of Liscor was quiet. A Lightning Dragon argued with a Watch Captain and lost. She headed north via the magic door to Celum, alone, making for the High Passes. No one noticed. They were watching the skies.
 
The Wyverns broke through clouds and flew down towards Liscor. A Goblin flew towards an inn as the [Guards] on the wall spotted the Wyverns and sounded the alarm.
The Watch Captain overruled it and issued a warning and advisory to Liscor’s citizens so they wouldn’t panic.
A group of Drakes from Salazsar marched to the inn. A group of Earthers gathered there, where Antinium sat and waited.
A single Gnoll [Head Server] changed the sign to show the inn was open and did a bit of sweeping in the kitchen. His paws were trembling.
That rumor ran through the city as a few people walked towards the inn.
Hey. Have you heard? She might be coming back today.
Who?
Her. The [Innkeeper]. That crazy Human…her.
No one laughed. They just looked up and pretended to go about their day. In the corner of their eyes, in the back of their heads…they were waiting.
Waiting and hoping. Perhaps even praying for one little miracle.
Monsters and good folk, and just average people. And…some people who had been waiting a long time for this news. Months and months.
They looked up from where they sat and heard the call. Oh…it was time? Well then. One nudged the other as they sat at an outdoor café because they had standards and it was morning—not bar time.
Some went to their rooms for their gear, but most were ready. A group of people gathered.
“It’s today?”
“Yep. Ready up.”
Who they were wasn’t exactly important right now. They belonged to an…organization. They armed themselves quietly. They checked wands in their holsters and lifted backup weapons as they assembled.
Crossbows. They had been waiting for this day as well. You see—more than just Erin’s friends were headed to the inn.
Those Goblins on Wyverns. There was no mistaking them. So a group headed to Liscor, and more went to intercept them. Crossbows carried in secret on the streets of Liscor. An armed group of elites. An old story.
An adventurer was headed for the inn, eyes locked on the sky. He was a huge, operatic man. Literally—his voice had the magnitude to shake a city to pieces contained in a single ribcage. He was followed by his Gold-rank team. But they halted as a group armed with crossbows sauntered into the street.
“Crowdcaller Merdon. I’m afraid I’ll have to ask you to stop here. Remember me? We’ve met a few times.”
A man holding a crossbow, a killer’s weapon, a very efficient tool, lifted it and aimed it at the Named Adventurer’s feet. Crowdcaller Merdon, who had been sitting in Liscor and Invrisil, waiting for news of Goblins, came to a halt. His team put their hands on their weapons and saw a dozen men and women standing there.
Holding those deadly weapons. A wand in the other hand. Merdon looked across the street, confused—then his eyes narrowed.
“Captain Todi. Get out of the way.”
