8.81
Page 12
“…You had a just enough cause. I wearied of war. Just as I tired of being called Hero of Zethe. Only for Fetohep of Khelt did I take up a sword. Because what we are doing will avert disaster for the ones I love. I trust to that and hope you will let me rest in anonymity afterwards.”
Flos frowned mightily at the man.
“(…But your great abilities waste to nothing. Did the man who broke the Storm of Soldiers truly lose all fire? All passion? You…)”
Orthenon leaned over.
“What was that? I apologize, Your Majesty. Ah—‘you disappoint me, Doubte of Zethe.’”
The [Hero] just shook his head. He gave Flos a searching look.
“…I cannot understand it. You have been Chandrar’s legend, not I, for twenty years. Before that, you became the world’s most famous [King], or infamous, and you beheld no limits. You have conquered more than I. Lost more than I, perhaps. You have seen greater wars and greater loss. How can you still continue? Don’t you tire of it?”
He and Flos looked at each other, and the King of Destruction’s ardor faded slightly. They were very different men, but in this…Orthenon saw a shadow, a mirror of the same look he had seen for twenty years. Flos Reimarch wavered and then met the Doubte’s gaze.
“(Something else is coming, Hero Doubte. My dream was not enough, you are right. But I have found a new one, even larger. It is not just selfishness that impels me. In time, you will see it too. Perhaps it is all connected, Fetohep’s great battle, the secret I hold, and the rest. Will you not consider picking up your sword?)”
Doubte shook his head, yet he was rattled by Flos’ words. He strode down the deck a few paces—then strode back.
“If what you say is true—will you swear to it, [Steward]? I would ask Mars of Destruction, but I will ask you.”
The man who had once battled Mars to a standstill and gone on to face an army and force it back turned to Orthenon. The [Steward] just nodded.
“It is a great change that is coming, Hero. It may not realize itself immediately—but I now believe time is running out.”
Doubte closed his eyes.
“…Then my family and I must find another way. Or I must become that [Hero]. Perhaps…then perhaps it is time to pledge my sword to Khelt. If Khelt is even safe now.”
“(Wait, what? What about me?)”
Doubte turned away. He looked back over his shoulder only once.
“I do not care for you, Your Majesty of Reim. Perhaps we will meet again, but you make such terrible war. I will thank you for one thing. If you have ever known how to create [Heroes]…make no more. Even for your own ends. This class…is too much. I was not the first [Hero], but may I be the last. This class does not fit in the rest of the world.”
Then he left the two, to be alone with his own things. Flos folded his arms, frustrated—but he perked up as someone who had been eavesdropping gasped.
“His Majesty of Reim? The—the King of Destruction!?”
Hydra Knight Thuile pointed at Flos in horror, surprise, and—backed over the railing and went into the surf, headfirst. Flos Reimarch brightened up as every head turned and people whirled. They looked at him and cried out in surprise.
Well now. That was more like it.
 
——
 
“…Did someone just say that bandaged man was the King of Destruction?”
Pisces’ head slowly rose. He looked about. Then he turned to his left.
“Ksmvr, pinch me. Ow!”
Ksmvr pinched Pisces with all three hands.
“Is that suitably hard enough, Comrade Pisces? I have not perfected my pinching skills, only my cat-petting abilities. I am now capable of triple ear scratches. Would you like me to show you?”
“Stay away from my ears.”
