8.81
Page 52
They were all here. People who deserved to be. Relc saw the ones who weren’t.
Fortress Beavers were clustered next to watching Antinium. Lism wasn’t here. Not Krshia or Mrsha or…
“Stop it. Go in there.”
Relc opened the door further and saw a figure, lying on a frozen piece of stone, hands folded over her chest. The broken pieces of wood still embedded in her skin, ice beginning to thaw, red staining the fabric of her apron—
The Drake stumbled away. Relc thrust open a different door and walked into a brighter room. He shaded his eyes and realized—he was in the [Garden of Sanctuary].
He stood there, trembling, and the door closed behind him. Relc stood there and thought of Ryoka Griffin. She would be there, with Lyonette holding Mrsha. Moore and Jelaqua and Seborn—Ceria would be doing the spells and…
It was all wrong. He fought with something, something he was afraid to say. Until someone spoke his name.
“Guardsman Relc?”
Relc jumped and saw who had come in after him. Noticed his absence. He saw an Antinium.
“Pawn…? No. Belgrade.”
The [Strategist] nodded. He had returned from the Hectval front for today. But Olesm wasn’t here. The Antinium looked at Relc curiously, then back at the door. Someone was beginning to chant behind him.
“Will you not be there to watch, Guardsman Relc? Olesm did not come. Nor did Calruz—although, he was not welcome within Liscor. But surely you will be there.”
Relc was panting. He put a claw over his chest. He looked at Belgrade, and the words finally burst out of his chest. The words surely Olesm and Palt and all the others had swallowed. They came out now, in the final minutes.
“I can’t. It’s not gonna work, Belgrade.”
The [Strategist] froze.
“It surely will, Guardsman Relc. Every component has been acquired, and everything is in place. It will work. It will…”
He was trembling. Relc saw the Antinium look backwards and then at him accusatorily.
“You must not say such things. Why are you saying such lies?”
Relc almost laughed. He wished he’d actually won that coin toss. He tried to explain, in a shaking voice. He still could not look behind him. Instead, Relc gazed at the domed ceiling letting in light. The hill with the mist.
“I don’t know how to…I’ll try. Belgrade. I want it to work. If I thought saying it would work—I’d say it until my tongue fell out of my head and keep doing it. Erin’s gone. I know it. You know it.”
“But she is not dead—”
Relc was shaking his head.
“I’ve seen too many good people die. When I heard about Erin…”
The Drake closed his eyes and gulped.
“…I believed there was a cure the instant my kid wrote to me about it. I believed it, and that was what got me through Cellidel. Asking what Erin would say when I came back and told her. I believed when I got that strange [Message] thing and Selys showed me everything. I believed when I heard that Goblin was coming. Now? Now I remember.”
His eyes were watering. The Gecko wiped at them, and a young Drake stood on a battlefield, in a [Healer]’s tent. In a hundred places, in a hundred times. He spoke to Belgrade.
“I’ve always believed they were gonna make it. Every buddy whose claw I held. Every time I poured a potion, I thought—they’re just a bit cold. They’ll pull through. They’re too tough to…”
He trailed off. The Antinium saw what he saw. He had already known what Relc was talking about. He was a [Soldier], and he had been there at the start. Relc closed his eyes.
“There’s always a chance. Right until I wake up and realize that was twenty years ago. And I’m still waiting for them to open their eyes.”
