8.81
Page 42
It had started from here. Yet now it seemed like they were waking up to cold reality. This wasn’t going to happen. This had been the desperate denial of people who had lost someone precious from the start.
Into that slipping confidence, as night fell and the Goblins flew on, dozing on the Wyverns, protesting sleepily, into the inn as Kevin slept in a familiar, unfamiliar bed and noted how quiet it was, how empty…
Into that uncertainty walked faith. When Ishkr opened the inn the next day, he nearly died of shock.
For inside the inn were Antinium. Outside too. They were sitting on the grass, kneeling, praying, motionless. Little humps of shells, all looking inwards. At a single thing.
A door.
“Pawn?”
The [Priest] lifted his hands as Kevin came downstairs.
“We have arrived. We will stay, if it is acceptable. We can pay. But we must be here. At last. She is returning to us.”
“I…yeah. The ritual’s going to start. But are you s…”
Are you sure? Kevin looked into Pawn’s multifaceted eyes, and the words died on his tongue. Pawn still answered him, all four hands clasped together.
“I have faith.”
The others might doubt, but Pawn’s Antinium had come to witness something at the core of their beliefs. They were free to doubt. Perhaps even Pawn did. But faith…faith was believing in something that might not be.
Not just the Antinium, either. It might be tenuous, it might not work—and many had never met Erin Solstice, nor cared for her.
…But they had sworn an oath.
 
——
 
The Necromancer of Izril was preparing each spell in order. He had tried it on forty dead bodies, and he was aiming for a hundred by the time the Goblin got there.
He knew, now, that it was the Healer of Tenbault that they had sequestered for the ritual. As picks went…Az’kerash was maneuvering agents into place. The little Shield Spider was having trouble securing a site with all the Antinium around, and Az’kerash worried the Small Queen would get there and detect the magic.
However—if at any time during the ritual he sensed the magic going awry, he would personally correct it. In the interim?
“Master, I’m using up so much mana—”
“Continue cloaking the Wyverns, Ijvani. That is an order.”
“Yes, Master.”
The sulking skeleton [Mage] was blocking Rags from view—and Az’kerash was personally teleporting the beacon spells that the Healer of Tenbault kept dropping every now and then into the sea.
He sensed other magics at work as well. Az’kerash could have warred with them, but he decided not to. He just kept his location hidden.
 
——
 
“There it goes again. Mother—someone’s grabbing those little [Beacon] spells.”
“Ignore it, Paxere.”
Azemith admonished her daughter as the Lucifen kept casting spells to make the Veltras trackers run in circles. The Humans were growing increasingly frustrated as they realized they were failing to follow the Goblins.
Paxere was frowning at the stump of a finger as she cast a spell to aid the magic.
“That’s [Witch] magic. And I think some of the weather magic is coming from Chandrar.”
“Khelt, perhaps. The Skill is almost certainly the Earl of Desonis’ [Strategist]. Do not interfere.”
The Lucifen were preparing for war. Only a few of them had devoted spells for this; the rest were arming themselves to crush the Dawn Concordat in the field.
And arguing with the Agelum, who wanted to do the same. Did they believe this was going to work? No—but they were doing it mainly because Visophecin had insisted, because Ryoka Griffin had done them a favor, and because it was amusing to annoy House Veltras.
