8.81
Page 9
She hesitated only a moment.
“Solstice! The Order of Solstice. She’s a [Knight] of one, who just arrived in the crusade, and now we’re headed back. Terribly sorry; she’s new.”
Yvlon rolled her eyes, but the Hydra Knight only did a double-take for a second.
“The Order of Solstice? Ah, of course. Izrilians. Well, milady, your reputation precedes you. I bear no grudge, though we will be enemies on Terandria. Rather, I congratulate you. Is Ser Solstice…no, it must be an assumed title, eh? Is he your Order’s champion or some veteran knight?”
Yvlon felt her hand being pumped up and down as she and Ceria exchanged a sudden glance.
“Ser Solstice of Izril?”
“Oh, dear me. Haven’t you been keeping up with…? No, I suppose if you weren’t on a vessel with a scrying orb—the war in Terandria, you know.”
That was how Ceria and Yvlon, now grinning like the Revenant undead, were treated to a discussion of Ser Solstice’s valorous and sometimes unorthodox deeds on the battlefield and the tragedy of General Dionamella’s fall. Both half-Elf and Human kept staring at each other out of the corner of their eyes. They were having a silent argument bordering on the telepathic. Yvlon glared daggers into Ceria’s pale gaze.
 
You tell her.
No, you!
This is your fault! It’s got to be a coincidence, right?
Ser Solstice. Coincidence? Wanna bet?
 
They knew. But they didn’t know who it was—only that it was connected. And like silly lies…
“I had no idea the Order of Solstice had joined the Crusade. But then—your Order must be very new.”
Ceria smiled blandly as she sipped from a cup of colorless wine.
“Practically just invented.”
Yvlon stepped on Ceria’s toes hard, but the Hydra Knight didn’t notice. She peered at Yvlon.
“Are your arms part of your class, Dame Knight? Some…magical prosthesis from House Terland?”
“No, as a matter of fact, I’m an adv—”
“Adventurous, courageous warrior! Who gained her metal arms by valor in battle. Fighting, uh—Goblins. Gigantic Goblins. It’s actually part of her entire Order’s Skills.”
Dame Thuile’s gaze locked on Yvlon’s arms, then on Ceria’s face. A look of cunning realization passed over her expression, covered by a very poor bland face.
“Of course…of course. And the rest of your Order would have metal limbs. Goblin Slayer…will you excuse me a second? I find myself in pressing need of a privy.”
She hurried off to find a speaking stone as Yvlon whirled.
“Ceria! What the hell was that?”
“What? It’s not going to do any harm. And it’s hilarious.”
The half-Elf grinned, her eyes lighting up with humor. Yvlon just gave her an odd look. It was funny—and in another circumstance, Yvlon would have gone along with the prank. Silver-rank adventurers, maybe. But it was just a bit—off. And Ceria was still so relaxed. Yvlon took a deep breath.
“…I’m so glad you’re okay. I didn’t know where you were. Ksmvr I knew about, but when I heard Pisces was a [Slave]…”
Ceria’s gaze softened. She lowered the cup and patted Yvlon on the arm.
“I was worried too. I’m sorry I didn’t find you. I had—difficulties. You’ll never guess what I ran into when I landed. A certain monster decided to pay the village that rescued me a visit. Three guesses which?”
Yvlon hesitated.
“Some sand thing like one of the worms? A Manti…no. There isn’t any way.”
Ceria just smiled wryly.
“It turns out Crelers can detect if you’ve killed their kind. Adult ones, anyways.”
“You killed a—”
“I had help. Relax! Relax! And I had to put on the circlet, but good news—it’s not going to melt my brain. There’s a few interesting things, but what happened to you?”
