8.81
Page 61
Sserys leaned on the balcony of Pallass. He looked at the faces staring up at him and spat. Someone yelped, and he nodded.
“Let’s get back to Liscor, Sergeant. Talk and walk. It was a stupid idea, and I was high on my own fumes. Zel told me to wait—I thought we had the Antinium on the edge and we couldn’t. They wiped us out. Pulled out new types—all their Prognugators went at me.”
“Centenium.”
“What?”
Sserys didn’t know about the Antinium. It was strange—talking to someone who knew more and less. Relc thought that was the least strange thing. He gulped.
“Centenium. Those are the immortal ones. Xrn. Wyrmvr? Klbkch? They killed you?”
Sserys’ pace slowed. He checked the sword at his belt and stared up at the sky. Out of the corner of one eye, he looked at Relc.
“…Yeah. Do you know how…no, they probably never found the bodies.”
“They found yours. One strike through the heart. Was it…?”
Relc had always wondered about that. One blow had torn through armor and flesh and bone. Sserys hadn’t even looked like he’d been fighting. He’d always wondered if the greatest swordsman of the Antinium…
The [Spear of the Drakes] just spat.
“It was two. The Small Queen and the Deathless. I don’t know what stories they tell, but it went like this. They ambushed us—every Antinium in the night. Invisible ones, exploding ones—experimental. Wings on some.”
Silent and Flying Antinium. The Human passed a trembling hand over his face.
“…More than we thought they had. It wiped us out. I could have seen it going our way; we had a combined army of Gnolls, Drakes, even Humans. But they didn’t have a chance, poor bastards. Not one chance. General Sserys was dead before they struck. He stood in his tent, and his last grand moment was him standing—still as a statue—as the Small Queen held him still long enough for Wyrmvr the Deathless to run him through.”
Relc came to a complete stop. Sserys looked at him bleakly. The Gecko’s knees buckled. He had to hold himself up with the wall. He went to sit and looked up at…
Erin. But he almost saw the Drake standing there, shorter than the stories made him out to be. Wearing a sword at his side. Looking down at the hole in his chest and facing two of the oldest of the Antinium. Baring his teeth in one last, painful grimace.
Relc couldn’t stand up. Sserys just opened and closed one claw. He looked at Relc and the moment faded. Erin Solstice gave Relc a wry grimace.
“That was the day they learned how to use teleportation scrolls and the artifacts they looted from us.”
The two Drakes looked at each other a moment, and Sserys kept walking.
“I should have seen it coming. Not one damn [Mage] detected them waltzing into my tent? Maybe the Slayer got them. Either way—that’s how it went. And then the Tidebreaker became the last [General] standing. The poor bastard who all of Izril put their problems onto and then left to die in the north.”
“General Zel.”
“No, the other General Shivertail. Yes, him. I heard from his own lips how much help he got. Another war. Another war and a Goblin King and the Necromancer of Terandria, and we couldn’t band together long enough to follow his orders. All because someone figured out…”
Sserys looked around and shook his head. Then they were in Liscor. He walked into a sea of faces.
“Erin?”
Someone whispered, but General Sserys just strode on. The people of Liscor parted before him. Relc walked after him, looking for Selys, Rags…but they all had to be at the inn.
