8.81
Page 22
“Now this—this is something even we have not seen. I wish we were all here. Drevish is dead, Gazi told me, Orthenon.”
“Yes. He did not die of age or in battle, but of treachery.”
The [Steward] bowed his head. Amerys looked up.
“Takhatres and Mars live?”
“Yes.”
She exhaled.
“…Four out of the Seven, plus you. It will be enough. Tell me—why is Khelt sailing? Where are we bound? Then we shall go back and avenge Drevish. I am tired, Orthenon. But I feel myself growing stronger with each second. Let me lean on you a moment?”
For answer, he extended an arm, like they were going to some dance or occasion.
“You weigh less than His Majesty.”
Amerys chuckled again. It seemed like that was when everyone finally exhaled and realized they were part of this scene as well. The first person to move was Rasea Zecrew.
She had a tankard in hand, and she took the largest gulp in the world. Misty-eyed, she grabbed the nearest person by the waist and squeezed.
“This is what I came here to see. Stories. And who are you?”
Frieke stared at Rasea. Say it. You had to say it—she had a terrible sense of déjà-vu.
 
——
 
“Dead gods. Look at this. This is—amazing. Are we seeing this? Pinch me, Ksmv—ow!”
Ksmvr’s patented triple-pinching technique convinced Ceria this was real. Indeed, it was so real that one of Gazi’s eyes swiveled around from explaining what had happened to Flos with Trey as Fetohep strode over, and she caught sight of the Horns of Hammerad.
“Ah. Your Majesty.”
“(Hm? Begone, Fetohep. My loyal subject and I must have words.)”
Flos Reimarch was flapping a hand at Fetohep, and the King of Khelt was losing patience, but Gazi whispered to Flos.
“My eyes do not deceive me—those are the Horns of Hammerad. I fought with some of them, briefly. That is the [Necromancer] I mentioned.”
“(Oh?)”
Flos’ head turned. And then he was—Yvlon made a squeaking noise, and everyone stared at her.
“He’s looking at us, Ceria! What did you do?”
“Not me! Pisces! What have you done?”
“I have done nothing! I have been the exemplar of good conduct—”
“I shall introduce myself. I know how to talk to royalt—”
All of the Horns grabbed Ksmvr. Flos Reimarch was listening to Gazi, even as he looked at Amerys, but the Archmage of Chandrar had spotted a buffet. Like any good Wistram [Mage], she was pulling a Telim with the food.
“Mf mght’s myrlly—”
“Dead gods, enough!”
The mumbling King of Destruction had clearly aggravated everyone who wanted a clear understanding of what was going on. Even Fetohep of Khelt considered this had maybe lost its appeal.
However, it was the one, the only, the Vizir Hecrelunn who lost all patience at last. He pointed at Flos, and Orthenon and Amerys whirled.
“Enough, you mumbling king. [Tongue of the Sphinx: Clarity]!”
The King of Destruction blinked a few times. Then he tried his voice. A booming voice, his true voice, echoed from the bandages, perfectly restored.
“I can speak? At last! Gazi, my beloved servant, my wondrous Gazer—is that truly the [Necromancer] you told me about? The one you called the prodigy of his generation? I must meet him.”
His booming voice echoed around the ship. The Horns of Hammerad went still, and all of them looked at Pisces. The [Necromancer] went white—then red as a beet.
“Gazi the Omniscient said that about…?”
He squeaked. Then they realized—Flos was coming across the decks straight at them.
“He can make those…? Ah, I wondered if we could have one. What did I say before? Too dangerous? Khelt has all their Revenants. What about the [Innkeeper] and that City Runner? What was her name?”
“Erin Solstice, Your Majesty.”
