8.81
Page 44
Naturally, she’d used it now because she was headed into the High Passes. Not Pallass; the Cyclops was a bit too inquisitive, but Liscor had sufficient forces. Rafaema was impatient to go—she’d intended to check out that inn, but everyone had told her it was closed and the [Innkeeper] was dead.
So—onwards to find that Dragon. She was waiting for Zevara to give her a timeline. Perhaps the Drake woman had problems with her Oldblood heritage? She kept coughing into one fist. Zevara looked up, and her polite, joyous expression never changed as she replied.
“I have reviewed your request and your military codes are completely authentic, Wall Lady Rafaema. However, given Liscor’s pressing need to have [Guards] on the streets, I must deny your muster request. Please, have a good day. Let the door hit you on the way out.”
Rafaema had never experienced this before, so the Lightning Dragon stood there uncertainly for a good few seconds.
“I don’t believe you heard me, Watch Captain. I just requested reinforcements from Liscor under Manus command—”
“I heard you, Wall Lady Rafaema. Request denied.”
“You…you can’t do that. Manus is requesting aid.”
Zevara checked her stack of reports and then looked up at Rafaema, putting her claws together.
“I am sure it is. Would you kindly tell me what this mission is?”
“That’s classified.”
“Ah, well, in that case—is it monsters? A dungeon investigation? Or are you going north to raid or investigate something? If you are negotiating with Master Pelt, I’ll warn you to bring a helmet and direct you to our magic door.”
That was it. Rafaema’s nervousness, impatience, and incredulity caused her to snap. She put her hands on Zevara’s desk.
“What part of classified don’t you understand? You are a Watch Captain of a Drake city! When you hear those codes, you render any aid needed!”
That was how it worked. The problem was…well, Lulv or Makhir or especially Luciva would have been able to use those codes and probably get what they wanted. Even Saliss. Rafaema? Rafaema had never actually seen how those codes were used to sequester aid from a ‘Drake city’. Nor had she ever considered how Drake cities felt about answering to Manus.
Nor did she know Liscor or Watch Captain Zevara. The Drake Watch Captain’s eyes narrowed, but her smile remained, which was uncanny.
“I am going to put Liscor’s Watch on an alert after this meeting, Wall Lady Rafaema. I would appreciate if you told me of any danger that my city might be under. If you do not and we suffer a monster attack any time this week, I will personally hold you accountable for it.”
“You cannot do that. This is a secret operation, and I demand your aid!”
Rafaema slammed a fist down. Zevara stood up.
“In that case, you will not mind if I confirm with Manus that a Wall Lady Rafaema is justified in using their military codes? Military codes that I would expect to get if the Antinium were about to slaughter us all, we were about to suffer a Human attack, or the dungeon were going to explode under my feet?”
Rafaema hesitated, and Zevara gave her a narrow look. She knew. She didn’t know what she knew, but Zevara had just called Rafaema’s bluff.
“You do not need to inform Manus—”
“Do not, for top-level clearance, or should not? If this is truly a secret operation, I will bear the full weight of the responsibility on my shoulders. But I am not sure this is. Why did Pallass not answer Manus’ request? They have countless high-level forces. Why are you asking me for forces without disclosing any danger that would require forty [Soldiers]? Where are they going?”
“Classified!”
