8.81
Page 24
The [Hero] bowed to the Quarass, who blinked at him. Then at the others. Even she seemed taken aback. Especially because…
“Ah, Quarass. Finally, some intelligent company with age to it. Once again, you have the honor of meeting the Vizir Hecrelunn. He is sure you have not forgotten him.”
Vizir Hecrelunn floated over self-importantly. The other Revenants all knew the Quarass. She took one look at Hecrelunn and grimaced.
“…I have no time for this. Would that I did. Out of my way, Vizir. Chandrar needs me. By Ger and the Shield Kingdoms. Fetohep! Tell me what passes at A’ctelios Salash and the rest of the world that I cannot see. It is waking up.”
Like that, everyone fell silent, and that joyous occasion was broken as they were reminded of their task.
Yet they were sailing away from Chandrar and one of the greatest cataclysms ever. Fetohep of Khelt turned, and a single speaking stone floated across the deck, followed by the King of Khelt. Everyone gathered around, and Rasea grabbed a bowl of popped corn on a hunch. They listened as Fetohep met with the Quarass.
“A’ctelios Salash senses its kin. It is trying to wake up. I have sent two Jaws of Zeikhal and legions marching with the Giant of Ash’s corpse if it does rise.”
The Quarass was hunched over her own speaking stone, eyes ablaze with worry.
“They will be like toddlers trying to stop a ghoul if it wakes.”
“Yes. So I have called upon the Shield Kingdoms and every force. Your poison…”
“The Labyrinth City, Merreid, has sent Djinni to transport it. But the Djinni will never prevail. Not inside A’ctelios Salash. It will swallow them.”
Fetohep nodded gravely. He stood there, and his head rose to the speaking stone.
“Yes. That is why the Scourgeriders of Emrist strike A’ctelios Salash. They have pledged to return it to its empty dreams.”
The Quarass exhaled, and a look of relief entered her eyes, subsumed by worry again just as quickly.
“How do they fare?”
For answer, Fetohep of Khelt lifted a stone, and everyone heard a faint voice. Trey Atwood, standing next to the King of Destruction, saw Flos glance at him, and he shuddered as he heard a voice, and behind it, familiar, wild screams of a hundred thousand voices. An alien roar and the sounds of fighting.
“Your Majesty. I am Yiraz, First of the Scourge. We have entered A’ctelios Salash. What of Coutei?”
“He has left, Yiraz. Your kin fulfill their mission, and three fly to you now. Report what passes as you are able.”
“I shall, Your Majesty.”
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
That night, after the King of Khelt, Fetohep, shouted his warning, the world watched A’ctelios Salash. As the ghosts of Chandrar regained their Skills, the Scourgeriders of Emrist fell upon the Carven City.
 
A’ctelios Salash was waking up. Those listening to the reports could not see the fighting within.
Only what they saw from the outside. The scrying orbs flicking from the emergence of a Fraerling city in Talenqual, the return of the Titan, war in the Meeting of Tribes, Ailendamus, and Fetohep—
—Stopped here.
Many had never seen A’ctelios Salash. Never beheld Tombhome and understood what it was.
One of Chandrar’s many buried horrors.
A face…the top of a face buried in the sands. Swirling entrances, six, set into the earth, leading into the Carven City.
Eyes. The pupils hollowed out. A monstrosity felled so long ago that no one, not even the Quarass, had seen it die. Occupied and eaten, to make sure it stayed dead.
And it was waking up.
The eyes had moved. They were all staring…northwest. Towards Baleros. Towards the place where time was rippling.
It was looking at something.
