8.81
Page 54
“I know. But…please. Just this time?”
A single Drake lay there, waiting, listening with all his heart, wondering if he could sense the moment it happened. Like someone who had lain in the darkness far too long, eyes closed…waiting to sense the sun. A hundred times, Relc thought he heard something—felt something.
But he knew that when it happened he would feel it.
Hope, fear, despair, terror, and desperation. So many flames warring in his chest.
Maybe just this once. Maybe this time…
Relc Grasstongue lay there as all of Liscor waited. Waited, disbelieving, hoping out of the corner of their eyes.
Waiting…but the answer was already written in the future. Relc raised his head when he heard a voice through that cracked door.
“…not working. The Skill—”
“Keep going. Keep—”
They shouted her name. It was still failing. Even that Skill wasn’t enough. A body was lying on the bier in ice. No spark to kindle. The voices shouted in desperation, as if sound could reach her.
Then—something was there. A catalyst to hold onto. There was a great cry, and Relc whirled. He heard only silence. Saw the flash of light into the Garden of Sanctuary.
Nothing. Nothing but silence in his ears. Then he heard a single voice.
“Erin…?”
Relc stood—and then heard a terrible scream. A shout—and a whirlwind of noise and violence. He stood on that hill, staring down with wide eyes.
 
——
 
“Erin?”
When the Drake tore into the common room, that was all he heard. All he saw was…devastation.
Chairs and tables were overturned. People were collapsed against walls, knocked down—he saw Antinium lying stunned, one lying flat from where it had been kicked. He saw the body closest to the place where the ritual had taken place…trying to rise.
The smallest Goblin was lying on her back, staring up at the ceiling with a confused look in her eyes. Tears had run down her cheeks, but all that was in her gaze now was shock. Shock and…horror.
“What—what happened?”
Relc looked around. Then he focused on the bier of stone. It was still wet with melted ice. But the body was gone.
She was back. She was back! She was—
“That’s not Erin. Pawn? Pawn?”
A Drake was holding a Worker who had collapsed, weak with shock. Pawn was staring upwards, his mandibles open.
It had been seconds.
“Where—”
Redscar was getting up. Blood ran down one arm. He pointed.
“There.”
Relc turned and saw the door to the common room was open. Even so—he looked around another second.
The common room was destroyed. Like so many times before it…but this wasn’t the same. One person had done this. Workers were getting up, Soldiers staring in horror at—
“It wasn’t her. What was that?”
Selys was shouting, wild-eyed. A low moan was coming from the Antinium. Relc stood there, in the slivers of time cut out by horror. Realization. He turned.
“Relc! Don’t—”
He went after her. Selys heaved herself up, then looked around. Rags was just lying there, eyes staring at the ceiling and that moment of hope. Everything…everything…
 
We tried the ritual. Something went wrong. It’s not her. Relc went after her.
 
——
 
Relc knew something was terribly wrong. Did Liscor feel it? He could not hear Tamaroth’s howl of rage. He only knew what he saw.
And what he saw as he tore out of the inn…was the path she left. So fast.
He was the Gecko of Liscor. Even slow with shock, even when he took in time to see—Erin Solstice would never have been able to move that fast.
She was already in Liscor. He saw the eastern gates open; there was a commotion around it. Relc ran.
