8.81
Page 64
His family. His niece. Everyone but the people who had despised Zel Shivertail, the Tidebreaker. The two great heroes of the Antinium Wars were…
Sserys bent down, kneeling on the hard stone. He whispered as he put a palm down.
“There you are, my greatest friend. My soulmate. We should have fought together a hundred wars instead of just one.”
Relc said nothing. He averted his eyes as Sserys lingered there a moment. Just a moment…and then Sserys rose and looked around his home. He nodded to Relc and looked at the Pegasus pawing at the ground, snorting.
“Thank you. Now we can go.”
 
——
 
Where? To do what? Sserys would not explain. He only knew where his army was. He was the [Spear of the Drakes], and his Skills were fit for the greatest [General] in living memory.
Skills that burned in his eyes as he flew over his city. Sserys looked down, swearing at the new part in progress.
“A Lamia built that? And we’ve got a damn dungeon and Antinium Hive underneath?”
“Uh—yeah?”
Relc felt sick. He clung to his Pegasus, who looked as worried as he did. He should land and tell them—but Sserys just wheeled the Pegasus around and pointed.
“We have to hurry. Keep up, Gecko. I need good [Soldiers] at my back, and you’ll do.”
“Where are we going?”
Sserys rolled his eyes at Relc.
“Where else? Wherever the fighting’s thickest. Where we make a difference. There is a war, and General Sserys did not come back to hold hands. One last time—”
But he lingered a moment over Liscor. A young [Innkeeper] drew a sword, but it was a [General] who looked down at the city as his people looked up at him.
Drakes and Gnolls, Humans and Antinium. Sserys exhaled.
“Liscor.”
He looked it up and down, noting the city’s cracks and imperfections. All the milling people around, the High Passes rising from either side, and the lumpy Floodplains. He grinned down at a Rock Crab and spoke. Only Relc heard his sigh as the [General] of Liscor lifted his voice. It was impossible, surely, for the Drake was so high above Liscor that it was small in the Floodplains below.
Yet Relc thought every single person in Liscor, from children to the oldest souls, were standing in the streets. Looking up at him. It was not a woman’s voice who spoke, but the gravelly drawl of a Drake. He looked down, and Liscor looked up.
As if his voice was echoing from every cobblestone, every corner, from the statues and the sewers, the tallest roofs and the humblest stores. Antinium gazed upwards at a Drake whose narrow gaze pierced them with distaste.
Yet his name was Liscor’s. This was their city. The Councilmembers stumbled out of their city hall. A [Shopkeeper] clutched at his chest, panting, looking up.
That voice. Those feet had kicked through pubs, left tabs unpaid, started fights and caused trouble. Tekshia Shivertail’s claws shook so badly she couldn’t hold her spear. She had practiced with an idiot who got lazy.
The Gnolls of the Silverfang tribe hadn’t been here when that Drake had died, but they had come to the city just like the others. Joined the army, fought and bled and earned coin and had children here.
A city so unlike the one he had left stood below the General of Liscor. And it had never changed. His eyes glimmered as he looked down at it.
“…We have always been that cornerstone of Izril. Forgotten and alone. These coming days—I need you to be the city we have always claimed to be. Build higher. Strengthen the walls. Join tails with Gnolls, even Humans, and Ants if you have to.”
