8.81
Page 63
Sserys glanced at the sky and around with a glower for Relc.
“The kind of thing I can’t say without making sure we’re in private. I have to…go. Yes. We’re attacking the Gnolls? That is as stupid as anything I’ve heard. But my army’s there. I can feel them. I am the highest-level [General] on all of Izril. Until Erin finds me—I need to correct our path. And Zel. He deserved better.”
Sserys had seen the statue of the Tidebreaker. He looked around the city he walked through, just like Pallass. With disgust and betrayal. A Drake city that had not been there when the Tidebreaker met his end. A people that had taken him for granted.
“Zel had only one flaw as a [General]. One thing I could do better than him. He was no good at feints. He never liked deception. He was never good at laughing loud at small little Drakes and lying to their faces while hiding the bile behind his tongue. He never could tolerate people who left their own out to dry for their ambitions and vainglory.”
The young woman was cracking the very cobblestones of the street with each step. Not with force—with that shaking emotion in the Drake’s soul. Sserys spat.
“If he were a Gnoll, they would have made a kingdom around him. I should have never told him what he was. We should never have met. I wish I had lived. I would have torn down the walls of every damn city and hung those idiots over a pot of Crelers. I—”
His voice was rising. Relc realized where they were going as Sserys stalked down the street. They made one stop—and only one—in Liscor. It was a small place against one of the city’s walls. A neatly tended, rather private space, given Liscor’s limited real estate.
It was a graveyard. Only a few people could afford a space, carefully maintained to prevent any chance of undead rising. In fact—Relc knew the graves were exhumed and swapped with new owners after the [Gravetenders] stopped being paid or an appropriate time had passed.
But then—that was actually regular. Only one grave would never be touched. It was a rather magnificent one, and several other occupants had been moved away from the gigantic tomb in the center of the graveyard.
Even now, it had flowers, ornamental blades, and other tributes. Especially since Zel Shivertail’s passing. Sserys walked on top of it, looked at the inscription, and kicked a bouquet off his grave.
“Ancestors. Don’t I have a statue, at least?”
“There’s three in Liscor. Do you want to…?”
It was beyond surreal. The Human woman just looked at the grave, and then down.
“Sserys. Hero of Liscor. There I am. It does not feel real. One second I was in the lands of the dead, apologizing to him, arguing with that damn Silver Dragon and watching those things creep about—the next, skulking around, dodging the bearded bastard. Now?”
He lifted his nose and sniffed.
“…I smell my city. I’m standing over my grave, and I need to piss, and I’m terrified of that. I know I’m dead, but I feel alive and it’s wonderful. My people are being idiots, which is nothing new. I could handle all of it. But…you told me you dug up my grave.”
“Uh—uh—yes?”
Relc hid behind a tombstone, but Sserys just knelt down. He pressed one of Erin’s ears to the marker on the tomb.
“Zel’s ashes are here. Half? I’d take one half of him over an entire army. Either half.”
He grinned at Relc, and the Drake gulped. There was an old rumor in Liscor’s army that even a rookie had known about the openly affectionate, foul-mouthed, and great [General] they had. They didn’t really care, but it was secret to everyone else.
