8.81
Page 46
Yet Tamaroth was confident. Erin Solstice’s ghost was too far south, on Chandrar. Izril was practically deserted; the ghosts had all fled, and this was his land, through his mortal agent. A few ghosts appeared, dying naturally, but they either fled, were consumed, or hid; scraps were all that remained. The land of the dead was empty.
Who, then, could stop him? The God of Rulers walked quickly, but confidently. Until he realized—someone else was headed for Liscor. Tamaroth turned and saw her.
“You.”
She walked with a spring in her step, like a young soldier returning home from every war. Auburn hair blew around her, and even long decayed, she was the youngest of all. The youngest god, the wild hunter. The rebel who took upon lost causes.
She had fought him, fought her parents and their pantheon, taken every side. An unpredictable force. A peer—but a reckless one.
Her eyes glimmered like the roots of fate, shining the brightest oak brown, scored with green at the edges, like the very trees themselves. She was a warrior among the six, a true one. They had all fought and knew mighty battles, but that was her aspect, and even the God of Rulers could not match her on the most equal of grounds.
Cauwine, the God of Glorious Souls, was headed across Izril. His ground. Tamaroth snarled at her.
“Begone, Cauwine! This is my land!”
“Then challenge me, oh God of Us All.”
Cauwine spoke lightly, throwing back her head as she strode forwards. Now—Tamaroth was hurrying, but they were trapped in Kasinga’s domain, unable to move faster after a certain point. And she…was ahead of him.
Slightly. Ever-so-slightly, and the way they travelled was such that the two would meet and come to blows. Tamaroth had the advantage here. But more than that…he had claimed this place. Kasigna might dare intrude a while, but the others were used to the wars over domain and stayed back.
Yet she…challenged him. It would be a battle she would lose if they fought to the end; the foothold he had here was a triumph. Cauwine, though—
“You hold to names and titles and meaning so far lost that the people of this world have not even myths for them. Tamaroth. We are all dead. This is an age of change. Will you return to flesh and life and be the same? You are twice more a fool, then.”
“You speak loudly for one who fought on either side.”
Cauwine just laughed derisively in his face.
“I regret only my death. You, who argued and pontificated long about the rightness of your cause—you who claim everything by right of divinity. Stop me, then.”
The God of Leaders seized Cauwine’s arm. The Goddess of the Hunt turned. Neither stopped moving, but they began to fight.
Fight as gods did. Only a few would have been able to see even a fraction of it. Ryoka Griffin might have seen it and understood why she could never hurt them with her Faeblade. Like the fae…they were larger than the mere man and woman who walked the deadlands. The ghosts had almost no substance to do more than outrage or hurt them temporarily.
The two struggling figures slowed as they crossed over Izril like a blaze of fire, each step carrying them countless miles. Time was different here, and so their struggle just…was. Two gods.
Then…three.
Laedonius Deviy came waltzing out of the sea and glided towards Liscor as the other two looked up. He had heard of the ritual as well. Tamaroth, by his very hurry, had given himself away. Cauwine and Tamaroth hesitated—then they abandoned their struggle to catch up.
“Laedonius Deviy! Cauwine! My wrath shall know no end!”
