8.81
Page 53
“Oh. Is that why they have not come? They are afraid.”
Belgrade looked past Relc, and the Drake nodded. Klbkch, Pelt, the others…
When she wakes, I will see her. He ran a claw down his neck spines. Maybe…maybe…he heard someone speaking behind him, making sure everyone knew their places. Relc took a breath
“If she wakes up, I almost won’t be surprised. If she wakes up—”
He couldn’t finish it. He couldn’t be there. Not to see that. He would rather face a hundred thousand Skinners, Crelers, and see every horror on the battlefield than see it fail. Belgrade understood.
That was the difference between the two. The Antinium believed. He hoped. Relc hung his head, ashamed.
“—Tell me when it’s over. Please.”
The [Strategist] looked at him a long time, then slowly nodded.
“I will be the first to do so.”
He walked back towards the door, and Relc heard the first words of magic. Belgrade peered into the inn—then back at Relc.
“…No. I will be the second.”
That alone almost made Relc go back. Almost…but he couldn’t. He knew the ending of this tale, so he walked deeper into the garden. Hiding from despair.
The Drake walked up the hill, wondering how long it would take. Counting seconds into minutes, losing track…he walked past the Sage’s Grass cultivated in neat rows. Saw the Faerie Flowers had bloomed well.
Relc reached down and picked one up. He stared at the precious, little flower and wondered if this could bring the dead back.
…No. There were some things that didn’t happen.
But maybe—
He had seen miracles. The Drake walked higher, wrestling with the very concepts taking place behind him. He walked up into that misty hill, past statues, and then stopped when he realized he was where she had been.
The body was gone. Relc exhaled—but then he saw the magic circle, still keeping the piled gifts and objects hidden. Tributes to the Innkeeper of Liscor.
One stood out to him, one of the first that had been placed with the other mourners so long ago. Relc had not been here. He imagined…how it must have been. Hundreds, maybe thousands of people filing up and down the hill. Relc bent down, seeing one of the things someone had put there to keep Erin company.
It was a doll, covered in ice.
It was stitched to look like a cute little Gnoll, with a mane of fur on the edges since fur everywhere just made it look like a hairball. Very artistically done, albeit all in brown. Cheap? Maybe, but hand-crafted by a good [Sewer] who cared enough to make it last. Worn down and restitched in the arm where it had torn—twice. With little, button-black eyes. A little Gnoll doll that Relc recognized.
Visma loved that little doll. Relc looked there, and it struck him again.
She really had died. He hadn’t been here to stop it. He hadn’t even known about it until a month or more afterwards. Even now—
How much had they all cried? Relc tried to summon some tears, but all he heard was the nervous beating of his heart. He tried anger instead.
“Why her? You bastards. Why her?”
There was no reason. Relc had walked so many battlefields since being a soldier of Liscor. Before he had been the Gecko…he had asked that question a thousand times.
“Why her? Why him? Why like that?”
There was no good answer. Relc had seen arrows miss bastards by a fraction of a hair’s width and the greatest of souls die for no reason.
That was why he knew. Knew it wasn’t going to work. If it did—what did that mean about all those other times? How was it fair?
Relc knew it wouldn’t be. He knew it wouldn’t work. Even so—he knelt in the soft grass and rested his head on his arm as he clutched at the soil.
