8.81
Page 39
She did hesitate. But she had come this far and already suspected whom she was going to rendezvous with. So the foreign woman with silver hair simply took off her glasses and wiped them with a bit of cloth. She frowned at the Goblins and sighed.
“Greetings. Are you…‘R’? I have been sent bearing the Skill to revive Erin Solstice. If you are not, please kill me and get it over with.”
Her reply was a bunch of toothy grins from the Goblins riding the Wyverns. Red light; crimson eyes. The smallest one nodded.
“I am.”
She regarded the strange woman with interest, and the glance was returned twofold. [Strategist] Kiish of Desonis looked up with narrowed eyes as the rain dripped from her silver hair and off her spectacles. However, her vision through the glasses was clear; one did not serve in Desonis without learning to waterproof everything.
“The Earl of the Rains has sent me. I am Strategist Kiish of Desonis. Well…met.”
“Excuse me. Excuse me, did you say Desonis? I’ve been kidnapped—”
Kiish glanced at the Healer of Tenbault.
“Desonis is not part of Izril, Healer Hekusha. My presence here is completely deniable. Her Majesty is not aware of any actions taken here.”
The Healer slumped on her Wyvern. Calescent patted her on the shoulder. Kiish strode for the first Wyvern with only a little hesitation; she had flown Griffin-back before.
“You have a Skill that works?”
Rags was curious. That Skill was exceptionally rare. Many leaders had decent Skills, but no Drake in Pallass had possessed the exact Skill that did what they needed.
Namely—empowering dead or nearly dead warriors to fight. Most leaders had Skills that prevented that or gave the living strength. The closest Pallass had was a Skill that used death to strengthen the living. Skills revolving around casualties, not returning them or giving them another moment.
It seemed incredible that a [Strategist] that had once met Erin Solstice just happened to have the right Skill. Kiish explained as she mounted up.
“I can use the required Skill. Once. Are we meeting an [Emperor]? I should be grateful for his help if he is inclined to give it.”
Rags bared her teeth in a grimace.
“No.”
“I see. Then again, [Undying Loyalty] sounds as if it would only work on those loyal to him…there are surely ways to finagle that Skill’s conditions, but the Earl has faith mine will work.”
Rags nodded. The Wyverns were flying as she and Kiish talked. The [Strategist] was remarkably well put together for someone talking with Goblins—until you noticed her shaking hands. But she had come here on request. Rags had to lean forwards and raise her voice to be heard over the rush of cold wind and rain.
“What Skill do you have?”
“[Rise, and Fight Another Minute With Me]. Will that not match your expectations?”
The Goblins in earshot oohed in appreciation. Fancy. Even they knew that the more you had to talk, the better a Skill was. Rags looked at Kiish, impressed.
“You have that Skill?”
The [Strategist] instantly shook her head.
“I am only able to use it once. Earl Altestiel prevailed upon a famous [Captain] from the Lantocracy of Bitorm known for this very Skill. He called upon every favor to expedite my journey there and to Izril. I have sailed by Courier upon the Earl of Rains’ coin to get here.”
Rags frowned.
“Then how will you use it?”
For answer, the [Strategist] gave Rags a smile, like a senior to a junior.
“Not everything is exceedingly difficult. [Copy Skill: Ten Levels]. A Level 42 [Captain of the Last Stand]’s Skill is the best I can offer. I hope it will serve.”
