8.81
Page 13
The [Necromancer] slapped Ksmvr’s hands down, almost laughing, and it was true their comedy bit was practically guaranteed with Pisces and Ksmvr in the same room.
However, even that bit of humor, the sheer oddity of it and Ksmvr’s polite tone and mystified hurt as to why anyone would deny ear scratchies, was enough.
Raelt of Jecrass, drinking orange juice, sprayed it out of his nose and mouth. The fine mist hit his daughter, Alked, and everyone downwind.
“Father!”
“I’m sorry. I’m—this isn’t a dream.”
Raelt was coughing and wiping at his face, but he was laughing. He looked at Pisces, who eyed the gold-bell duelist and King of Jecrass that had been prisoner of Medain’s [High King] for months.
The [Necromancer] hesitated—then offered the man a handkerchief.
“Could I offer you this, sir? It’s very clean.”
Raelt accepted it, and Ksmvr saw Pisces watching Raelt’s every move. The [Necromancer] looked at Ksmvr, then at Flos—and then back at Raelt.
It was very, very rare for Ksmvr to see Pisces in awe of anyone. But this? This would be, if he went back to The Wandering Inn and Erin Solstice were there to provide helpful slang from her world—
Well, this would be Pisces fanboying for the King of Duels.
“Thank you…Pisces, was it? I apologize, Adventurer Fellbow.”
“Think nothing of it, Your Majesty. I’ve known far worse at parties.”
Raelt eyed Alked, some of his humor fading a bit as he returned the handkerchief to Pisces. The [Necromancer] accepted it with a slight bow, and Ksmvr saw his eyes were locked on the bell on Raelt’s rapier. It hadn’t chimed, not once, and it looked to be a very sensitive bell. But Raelt did move with a certain grace Ksmvr struggled to find many equals to. The King of Jecrass turned to Alked.
“Yes…you would. Hemp in Nerrhavia’s Fallen?”
It was one of those statements that said a lot but made no sense unless you understood what it meant. Alked gazed at Raelt and nodded, one Chandrarian to another.
“You’re familiar with it, Your Majesty?”
“I’ve travelled to Nerrhavia’s Fallen. It’s amazing they don’t treat Named Adventurers—”
Raelt caught himself, glanced around, and then seemed to catch himself twice. He shook his head as he looked around the Kheltian ship far at sea.
“Well. I suppose here is safe enough, and you’re part of Khelt now? I’ve known—incidents with Stitch-folk. Entire clans expelled over issues with—cloth.”
Both Alked and Raelt looked uncomfortable, and the Named Adventurer nodded.
“That informed my decision to join Khelt, and His Majesty’s generosity. I hope you feel he has acted swiftly?”
Raelt shook his head, then shrugged.
“No—I mean to say, of course. I didn’t expect anyone would pry me out of Medain unless the King of Destruction took it or Perric got his way. That Khelt marched on them…and all because of you, Jecaina?”
He turned wondering eyes to his daughter, and the Arbiter Queen ducked her head, looking younger and tired. And relieved.
“I gave a third of Jecrass away to do it, Father.”
“A third—ah—under very strenuous circumstances, Your Majesty!”
Pisces interjected. He flushed and wavered.
“I’m sorry. I hesitate to interject, but I must add that from what I saw of the situation—it was a war that could only be lost without outside aid.”
Raelt paused only a second before nodding.
“It’s the soundest move. Aside from Herdmistress Geraeri joining Jecrass—which she never would have done…you sold her land to Fetohep?”
“I…she was inadvertently on it, Father.”
