8.81
Page 65
He saluted them. A Drake sitting tall, tail curled up as he looked at the only city he had ever loved. Sserys clenched one claw tight. He roared down to them, the only army he had ever needed and desired.
“I have always been your son. I hope you were as proud of me as I always was of you. Go well. You are beginning to look like how I dreamed of you.”
The people gazed up at him as Sserys raised one hand. Then he looked at Erin’s hand, at the callused palm, and felt at her face. He spoke, so quietly even Relc didn’t hear him, to her.
“Thank you. Let me borrow this for a bit. I promise—I’ll do what I can.”
They were flying through the air, a long way from where Sserys wanted to be. They left only confusion in their wake.
Confusion…and the words of the great [General] of Izril. They wiped at their eyes, the people below, and didn’t know why they were crying. Then the City of Liscor said the farewell it had never been able to. The General of Sserys smiled as he heard the shouting below.
“Liscor always was wild. That has never changed. It sounds just like I remember. Come on. Let’s go.”
They flew off, on one final journey. The Drake had seen his home. Now—he went to find his army. They had strayed too far from home. He would remind them who they were.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
While Fetohep rode, two Drakes flew across Izril and encountered someone else flying through the air.
 
One lost thread amidst the chaos. The only other person who saw Sserys was also in the air. In fact—Montressa du Valeross nearly fell out of the sky, screaming, when she saw Erin and Relc flying past Valeterisa.
The Archmage of Izril was headed south, but cautiously because she’d heard there was a war. Her eyes went wide when she saw the young woman pointing at her, the Pegasus racing alongside the flying Archmage.
Sserys roared at Valeterisa.
“You—aren’t you a citizen of Fissival?”
He didn’t seem certain, because she was Human—but he knew. Valeterisa hesitated.
“Wh—is that body—? Yes! Hello! May I ask what’s going on?”
Sserys didn’t bother explaining. No sooner did she shout that he then bellowed.
“Then follow me! You’re conscripted!”
“Me?”
The Archmage of Izril floundered, then she swooped after Sserys and Relc as Montressa screamed questions and Relc just screamed; he had decided he didn’t like flying.
“How is this possible? No, the ritual is clearly at play, but a soul possession in this era is the most fascinating—I need a sample of everything. The magical signature and aura are the most unique…”
Sserys slapped a hand away as she reached for Erin’s hair. The Drake caught Valeterisa’s arm, and the two locked gazes.
“Are you a daughter of the walls? If you are—come with me. We’re bound for war.”
Valeterisa blinked at Sserys. She had no idea who he was—but she was old enough to have known his stories. She hesitated, then shook her head.
“I wanted to be. But they did not want me.”
The Drake [General] stared Valeterisa in the eyes, then he spat over one wing. He looked back at Valeterisa, a wild glare in his eyes.
“That city didn’t deserve you. But we need you now. We are called upon to serve until we break. But we got it wrong. What we need to break is everything else. Follow me. Our people need us.”
The Archmage of Izril hesitated until he told her his name. Then she followed him through the skies. Sserys kept flying, looking ahead.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
So, it began with the Archmage of Chandrar freeing herself and fleeing Wistram. As the Illuminary sailed from Wistram, leaving the Isle of Mages in chaos, Archmage Eldavin and Tyrion Veltras fought alongside the Dawn Concordat.
