8.81
Page 5
 
A [Knight] gave the bandaged fellow a blank look as he walked over. He was adjusting his armor nervously, and he called out.
“Here’s a wounded man! Is there a [Healer] on deck? Potions? A strange lot, to be sailing under one banner, eh? Antinium and undead. Surely we don’t need wounded folks! What’s next? Children? Cats? Ser, do you need healing? Please, sit!”
He motioned to the outraged man, who indignantly said….
“Migb the ming of…”
The [Knight] gave him a completely nonplussed look and saw him wave away the healing potion.
“Must be injuries too severe. Or maybe it’s a Revenant as well? Ser Solton—are you sure this is wise?”
A nervous young woman whispered in his ear. The [Knight] adjusted his armor as he tucked the potion back. He had an odd insignia emblazoned on strangely grey, battered armor that looked quite well-made—but didn’t have the coats of paint on every other [Knight]’s gear.
It was…a single stack of gold coins on a balanced scale? The [Knight] removed his helmet to wipe at his brow.
“A strange change of fortunes, Squire Cathenay, but I do not doubt my ears. Are our fellow [Knights] safely aboard their vessels?”
The young woman, also wearing plain armor that had the insignia, glanced to the other ships sailing in the wake of the warship. They were the Crusade’s own vessels—and ships looted from Medain’s harbor, some filled with undead, others bearing [Knights] and the living.
“Safe, although many have sworn not to take up arms under Khelt, merely to forgo battle.”
“Well, each to their honor. But I believe strange company and these ill times call for stranger deals. We do not just sail with hated undead, Cathenay, but Named Adventurers of Chandrar, who are valorous, and even honorable legends such as the King of Jecrass. Let us—introduce ourselves. But fetch this poor man a chair, first!”
He indicated the bandaged fellow, and his [Squire] bowed and hurried off. Then Ser Solton joined the general group of people talking.
“Excuse me, excuse me—does anyone have a chair for that man? Does anyone know where we are bound? I am Ser Solton of the Order of Haegris, in service to the Terandrian Crusade.”
He bowed as a trio of half-Elves turned. Solton recognized them. They were from…the Claiven Earth?
The Herald of the Forests and two half-Elves were very uneasy and very nervous as they jumped and gazed at Ser Solton. He bowed at once.
“Dame Herald. You are present as well?”
“Apparently so.”
She didn’t seem convinced this was real either. The Herald of the Forests, Ierwyn, one of the most famous half-Elf warriors of her time, glanced uneasily around the ship.
“It was the condition for the Claiven Earth’s surrender. We all sail against…whatever Fetohep of Khelt has seen. Seamwalkers or worse.”
Ser Solton was astonished.
“Then the Claiven Earth has surrendered?”
“Unconditionally. What that means…it was a magically enforced seal. They have done nothing yet; the armies are slowing as they reach the shore, and some have returned to Khelt. Should we have held out?”
“Before all the Revenants and those legions?”
The half-Elves were clearly unhappy, but they had all witnessed the terrible magics Khelt had unleashed, the endless armies—and not a one doubted they would have been swept away if it had come to battle.
Indeed…were they on the same side? Ser Solton eyed the Antinium, but decided he had to introduce himself. It was, after all, a fundamental of his order.
“Excuse me. Excuse me. Am I interrupting? Ser Solton of the Order of Haegris.”
