8.81
Page 33
“Who is that ghost?”
The Gnoll wiped at his furry brow as he pointed up.
“That is the highest-level [Archmage] to ever live in any era. The Mage of Magic’s End. The ruin of the world for centuries. The Pursuer of the Origin, and the world’s most egomaniacal idiot. I do not know his exact class, but…he is a Level 93 [Mage].”
The [Blademaster] choked. Sprigaena gave the Gnoll a blank but concerned look. She peered up at the Human and shaded her eyes.
“I take it that is a sign of his power. He is…warping magic itself. I have seen greater magical power in one place only a few times. Even among the divine. That one could do such terrible devastation it might sunder an entire continent.”
“Or kill magic.”
The Gnoll muttered grimly. Sprigaena looked at him and had an idea.
“Not if he does it where reality begins to fray at the edges. Can he direct the devastation?”
“I doubt it—”
Sprigaena was already taking to the air. She flew at the [Mage], as did many ghosts, trying to stop him from destroying everything. Magic burned them from the skies; he was casting hundreds of spells at once. Sprigaena cut through spell after spell and reached the man.
“Mage of Magic’s End, you must not destroy the world!”
“Leave me be—Elf? An Elf?”
The Mage of Magic’s End did a double-take and that was enough. Sprigaena lifted her blade.
“Put your spell in my sword, and I will cut that Devourer down.”
“What? What? Let you swing a spell like some neophyte [Spellsword]? You can’t just—”
Both dodged as the Devourer of Time looked in their direction. Everything across the world froze and then vaporized in a cone of destruction. It was just as well they were high up. If it looked down—
The Mage of Magic’s End sighed as Sprigaena caught him.
“I never meant to. I was so close. Aim the spell?”
“Yes.”
Sprigaena held out her sword. The great mage hesitated, then closed his eyes. He drew on the fabric of reality to fuel that spell. The Grand Design had gifted him power beyond any Elf, Dragon, and even some of the divine. Even if he didn’t know how to use it…Sprigaena looked at him.
“…But why?”
The [Mage] looked up, confused.
“I just wanted to seek the heart of it. Magic. I…”
Then he twisted. Sprigaena swung her blade down with a cry, but it was too late.
Tamaroth, the God of Rulers, touched the Mage of Magic’s End. He reached for her and recoiled as a blade scored across one arm. He retreated as the soul quavered there a moment.
The ghost refused to go. His soul wavered there a moment. Fading—fighting—
“Damn you. I—”
Then it was gone. The God of Rulers exhaled and laughed.
“Stronger.”
A howling Dragon flew upwards and exhaled straight at Tamaroth. The God of Rulers shielded his face, but he did not scream as the golden flames licked at him. He had just eaten one of the greatest ghosts here.
“Tamaroth! I fight for reality’s sake, and you strike the people you swore to protect?”
Sprigaena called out as she fled the God of Rulers. He descended, and the ghosts scattered.
“I shall protect them all, Sprigaena. Take my hand and leave existence to me. That one will not stand long against us with even a fraction of our strength. You were loyal to the end.”
The God of Rulers smiled at Sprigaena. For answer, she lifted her sword.
“I was. Yet when we were poised on victory, even then you had no mercy. Afterwards, I walked among a world built on your Grand Design and saw the broken realms from the war close every gate. We have left nothing but destruction. How can you not weep for it?”
