8.81
Page 23
Then the King of Destruction in bandages was looming over the Horns. Fetohep of Khelt’s head turned as he heard Gazi’s comment, and the people on the deck of the ship murmured. They had all heard that name.
Gazi met Ceria’s eyes, and the [Cryomancer] hid behind Yvlon. Pisces stared at Gazi, and they recalled when last they had met—Silver-ranks, children watching a Named Adventurer fight all of Liscor and win.
Until Erin poked her in the eye. Ceria had grown since then. She had leveled up—what, over ten times! She looked up, trying to straighten her back, and met the King of Destruction’s gaze.
“Tree rot. I’m going to faint.”
Flos, the King of Destruction, looked delighted at the reaction. He reached out and slapped Yvlon on the shoulder so hard she nearly fell down—and winced as it damaged his hands.
“A Gold-rank team from Izril! I have seen your exploits, Horns of Hammerad. I am Flos Reimarch, whom you may know!”
He threw his head back and laughed. Then he went nearly cross eyed as Ksmvr stuck out a hand.
“Hello, Your Majesty. I believe I have heard of you. I am Ksmvr, formerly of the Free Antinium of Liscor. Now proud member of the Horns of Hammerad. Empress Nsiia does not speak fondly of you.”
Flos did a double-take as Gazi regarded Ksmvr with clear confusion.
“Is this Klbkch the Slayer? No—Ksmv…Ksmvr? Of Chandrar! Aha! The one who knows the Loquea Dree and helped free Sottheim? And Nsiia? You, my friend, I owe a boon to!”
Then Flos grabbed Ksmvr and lifted him up in a hug. Yvlon’s mouth was open so wide one of the flying fish crashing across the deck hit her square in the mouth.
“What the—?”
Pisces ducked another object as Yvlon stumbled. Flos whirled, and the [Captain] bellowed.
“Dead gods damn it—we’ve hit a shoal! Food’s flying!”
Everyone took cover or knocked fish out of the way as an unlucky school of flying fish jumped straight into the warship. Ceria raised her hand at the same time as Gazi.
“[Ice Wall]!”
They both said it at once, then stared at each other as a wall of ice formed, two layers which shielded them from the squall of fish. Flos blinked.
“You’ve learned ice magic, Gazi! Now there is a change!”
“And you have improved in your magic markedly, half-Elf. Interesting circlet.”
Gazi’s eyes were on Ceria. The half-Elf blinked at Gazi.
“Th—thank you. You’re, uh, good at ice magic too. How did…?”
The conversations were all halted a moment as Sand at Sea activated a magical shield that took away wind, water, and flying fish. The people on the decks began to gather as the King of Destruction motioned to the Horns and stood, beaming behind his bandages.
“Now I can speak, no thanks to Fetohep the Miser, I have endless questions. Trey! Come here and meet this interesting team. Oh? Who have you there? More friends from…?”
Elena and the other Earthers stopped at this gathering as they broke away from blankets and food. Ceria exchanged a look with Pisces, and the Quarass lowered her speaking stone enough to see Flos.
“King of Destruction.”
“Quarass! You have my gratitude for—”
“Yes, yes.”
She waved him off. Miffed, the King of Destruction watched the Quarass hurry across the decks. Ksmvr pointed at her.
“That is a little girl. Is she the Quarass of Germina, a Shield Kingdom?”
The Quarass halted. She turned her head, even amidst her worries and the urgency of the moment, to regard Ksmvr with narrowed eyes.
“An Antinium. And…”
She eyed Ceria’s circlet and then did a double-take of her own.
“Doubte of Zethe?”
“Quarass. We meet again. I congratulate you on your rebirth. Your second body did not seem to suit you well.”
