8.81
Page 55
The Drake flashed down the hill, running over grass, shouting. His spear—he’d left it behind. The Drake didn’t care. He had no armor, no spear—he just ran.
He had to see. 
The gates were open when Relc got there. The [Guards] were staring down, charging down the steps after…one saw Relc skid to a halt.
“Relc! Was that—?”
“Which way?”
A Gnoll was babbling.
“That looked like her—but I’ve never seen her move like—it felt different, and she—”
Relc shook him.
“Which way did she go?”
“Teleport Plaza!”
The Drake recognized the name. The largest space, Shivertail’s Plaza, repurposed for the door. Where…his head snapped up.
The door. He charged after her, following the voices in the street, running—running—trying to catch a glimpse.
He was too late. He saw something…someone familiar vanishing into a door, the stunned attendants and people lined up all shouting, pointing. Relc saw a glowing yellow stone and realized where she was going.
Pallass.
 
——
 
Where might someone go? If you thought long and hard about it, and you knew…
Where might you go? Invrisil, perhaps. Or Pallass. Important places with valuable things.
Not just artifacts. Centers of power for information, gear. Even vehicles. Like Pegasi.
There was just one complication in Pallass over Invrisil. Even the checkpoint guard had heard today was important.
They were not ready for this. What they saw…what they looked at seemed to be a Human woman. Some even recognized her. The Drakes looked up.
“You…”
“Let me in, please. I’m in a hurry.”
It even sounded like her. Her face. Her voice. The Drakes looked at each other. A Gnoll reached for the switch uncertainly, and a claw captured his arm.
Sergeant Kel of Pallass looked up.
“You need to go through?”
“Yes.”
He locked eyes with…Erin Solstice, and the Drake’s claw trembled. His eyes were stinging. She waited, blinking at him innocently. The Drake saw the rest of his checkpoint looking at him. One of the [Guards] whispered.
“Sergeant Kel? What’s wrong?”
Slowly, deliberately, Kel, the Drake who had suffered so much at the hands of this damn Human, who had…heard she passed away, reached for something at his side. He triggered the stone and spoke calmly.
“That’s not her. She never says please when she’s in a hurry. And she knows my name. That’s not her. Sound the alarm. Sound the—”
 
——
 
Relc took thirty seconds to try to explain as the panicked door attendants got in his way, then forced his way through. He found the checkpoint gates open and the guards collapsed.
“She—she—we couldn’t stop her.”
An alarm was ringing through Pallass. Sergeant Kel was lying on the ground. He’d tried to block her. He looked up, dazed, head bloody.
“Who is that?”
Relc had no answer. He ran into the street as citizens of Pallass ran indoors, looking around, looking up. The entire 8th floor was on high-alert. Relc ran as the alarm spread.
Nothing was stopping her. She was moving so fast—he found a patrol of Pallass’ own slumped to the ground. Not even hurt—one had been knocked aside, a Dullahan, but the rest had just collapsed.
Where was she going? Where was…
Then he saw her. Relc came to a stop and saw a Human girl with brown hair, an apron even flapping behind her and stained with blood and six holes in the front. Casual clothes.
An [Innkeeper], maybe plain at first, until you looked at her and saw what she did. A young woman with a quick smile and a laugh that was infectious. Someone who could stand in a common room or at the head of an army and belong.
Erin Solstice. But that wasn’t her.
