8.81
Page 45
“Then you can expect my reinforcements when you dig them up and grab a [Necromancer]. Hire some adventurers, Wall Lady. We even have a Named-rank one and a Gold-rank team in the city. But Liscor’s Watch will not muster without an explanation or official confirmation!”
Zevara sat back down, and Rafaema trembled with…indignation? Fury? Shock?
She was a Wall Lady of Manus! She was on the Security Council! She was a Dragon!
But she didn’t see what Zevara saw. Moreover…she had not known that the Watch Captain had been dealing with every superior from General Shivertail, to Wall Lord Ilvriss, to Chaldion, to an annoying Human this last year.
Rafaema turned the intensity of her glare up, and the air ionized around her. Zevara kicked her out of her office. Then she went back to staring at the inn out of her office window. She suspected that this Wall Lady was not here on Manus’ say-so and that she could inform the City of War and they would be very interested to know she was here. But Rafaema might well just go away, and Zevara had enough headaches.
She was right and wrong, and Rafaema stormed out of the Watch House, defeated by the Watch Captain of Liscor. Fine—fine! If she couldn’t get a force of Drakes, she’d go herself. It was the High Passes, but she was a Dragon.
Zevara paid no notice of Rafaema, other than noting she’d left the city in case Manus wanted to know later. She was waiting. They all were. But was it really going to…?
 
——
 
Not even the gods knew. The gods were dead—but they didn’t know. Yet they had information all but Fetohep lacked.
Erin Solstice was a ghost that was neither fully dead nor alive. She had a body. One of them had tried to reach it before, during that pivotal moment of the Summer Solstice.
Norechl had sensed a vessel, but it had failed to capture it, and the [Garden of Sanctuary] kept the others from entering, even Kasigna.
That was a frustration. However—a few salient facts changed things.
The first of which was that the living had worked so hard to come up with a way to make that frozen flesh live. To create a spark such that Erin Solstice could return to life.
To do that…they were going to have to take her out of the [Garden of Sanctuary]. An empty vessel.
The [Emperor] of Riverfarm had thought long and hard about stories. What…certain people might do with a body. That was why he had tried not to pay attention. That was why he had hidden it.
The God of Rulers, the bearded man, Tamaroth, learned of the ritual. He stood and thought a while. He was no Emerrhain, to chart every move precisely and analyze the magic and lay plans. Neither was he a purely instinctual creature like Norechl, who took risks and did things even other gods had called mad.
A body. He had an agent, a connection, but a body was so much more than that. Like the ghosts—like the others—his power was limited by death. Even Kasigna, here, was a starving, rotting corpse.
A body solved countless issues. A body was strength. A body was levels and warmth and…
A female Human was not ideal, yet Tamaroth didn’t care. He was himself. He could change anything else. He turned and strode for Liscor. Following the path of the Goblins, hurrying to overtake them, but he was far, far north, prowling around Terandria’s shores, watching Norechl’s kin rising.
