8.81
Page 43
“That Archmage is casting spells too. I would be surprised if anyone on Izril could track that Goblin.”
Igolze murmured. It prompted silence from the rest of the Lucifen. Azemith glared at her partner as Paxere’s eyes flashed. But then—they would meet Eldavin soon enough on the field of battle.
This? This was just a footnote.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
One day before the Meeting of Tribes erupted into chaos and Fetohep left Khelt, a Dragon arrived at her destination as a Named Adventurer, Mivifa the Oldblood of Feathers, dropped her off and circled, heading back towards Oteslia. Rafaema on her lonely journey, ignorant of the Goblins flying this way.
 
Believe it. Desire it. Have faith or none—it didn’t matter. Rags flew towards Liscor, surprised at how fast they were going. And the city of Liscor was fairly ignorant of what was happening.
The Wandering Inn did not advertise this. In fact, the biggest news in Liscor—aside from watching the worldwide events—was celebrating some of the soldiers who had come in for a vacation. Watch Captain Zevara had still been informed of the attempt by Klbkch.
She felt like that was responsible for the churning in her stomach. She clung to the knowledge that if anyone could do it…
Tomorrow morning. To distract herself until then, she suppressed the flames and smoke in the back of her throat and the temptation to exhale it. She smiled with the most saccharine expression on her face.
“I am sorry…Wall Lady Rafaema, was it? I was just confirming the military codes.”
“Not at all, Watch Captain. How soon can you muster your forces?”
The rather incredible young Drake woman with azure scales and mismatched eyes, a perfect Oldblood of her kind from Manus, stood with military straightness, a hand on the sword hilt at her side. She had impressive, enchanted armor on, and she had marched into Zevara’s office after reciting top-level codes from the City of War to the [Guards] at the gate, the desk sergeant, and now Zevara.
The Watch Captain gave Rafaema a happy little smile. She checked her notes.
“You appear to have taken a Pegasus flight into Pallass. May I ask, Wall Lady Rafaema, if this has any connection to Magnolia Reinhart’s coach, which passed north of us this morning? And headed back south at once.”
Rafaema frowned briefly at Zevara.
“Not to my knowledge, no. Magnolia Reinhart is still in Oteslia, so that may be one of her servants. However, I will take this information under consideration as I carry out my duties. Thank you for your perspicacity, Watch Captain. I am not at liberty to disclose my errand, however.”
“Naturally. Naturally. And you would like to sequester eight Senior Guardsmen, preferably my highest-leveled, and a force of at least forty [Soldiers].”
“I can make do with that number. Two hundred would be most satisfactory, but I would not wish to take away from Liscor’s defenses.”
“And their location?”
“Classified, Watch Captain. How soon can you have them ready?”
Rafaema eyed Zevara severely; this was far too much chatting for a top-level request. Watch Captain Zevara certainly seemed pleasant enough, though. Chatty Watch Captains were to be endured sometimes.
She had probably never gotten a military code this high. Of course she knew it; Rafaema memorized all of the military commands that only someone of Spearmaster Lulv’s rank could utter. They allowed her to take charge of any Drake force, even another Walled City, if need be.
