8.81
Page 50
He had changed quite a bit. But then—so had Relc. The Drake felt different.
He was a [Watch Sergeant]. On the street, he spotted some Gnolls, who waved to him.
“Guardsman Relc! Guardsman Relc! I got a job!”
“Hey, great! I’ll talk to you later, alright, Vok?”
He nodded at the Gnoll with the spear and sauntered on, carrying his enchanted spear across his shoulders.
Something was happening in Liscor. Something familiar but which he’d never seen before at the same time. People were slowly drifting across the city. They pretended not to, but Workers looked up from carrying their burdens. A [Cleaner] swept out the front of a shop then hurried down the street, broom in hand, his silver antennae twitching.
Drakes, Gnolls, and even Humans were looking towards the eastern wall. A few were telling stories. Some…
“Mom? Can I have pizza tonight?”
“We’ll see, dear.”
A little Drake girl tugged at her mother’s claw, and Visma waved at Relc as he passed. Yet he didn’t slow, and they didn’t go to that inn.
Relc had won the coin toss. Which meant he’d sort of lost. He walked out of the gates and up towards that inn, staring at Bird’s empty tower. Watching as Antinium filed into it.
The Wyverns had landed. A green-skinned figure stared at the walls of Liscor and waved at the [Guards] before disappearing inside. Yellow Splatters had to discipline one of the Watch, an Antinium, for waving back to a monster.
They were all there. But so few walked up that hill. It was about…the right. The right to be there, to see it fail or succeed.
Relc Grasstongue stopped at the door and hesitated a long moment before he knocked. Then he laughed.
“Wait. No one’s gonna—”
Someone pulled the door open, and Relc leapt backwards. But he recognized the Gnoll.
“Uh…”
“Inn’s open. My brother’s inside. Read the sign—oh, hi, Senior Guardsman.”
Liska nodded at Relc, and Ishkr’s younger sister stood back. Relc walked into The Wandering Inn, down that long hallway that made his spines tingle. But when he heard that—he stopped and walked back outside.
There it was. A bit worn, but someone had refreshed the paint. Relc stared at the sign for a second and reminded himself of that. He closed his eyes…then nodded.
No Killing Goblins.
Into the inn, like a dreamer. Relc opened the doors, and people turned.
Drakes from Salazsar, staring at the Goblin in pure horror. Earthers, a Centaur smoking fit to burst as he trotted around a nigh-hysterical woman.
“I’m the Healer of Tenbault! I’ve been kidnapped—”
“Yes, yes. Tragedy. Are you sure you’re good to go on those ice spells? Need any backup?”
Palt inspected the runes being laid out on the floor. Relc even noticed a spider crawling by the window, but he decided it could wait.
“Hey. I’m here. Is…”
The Goblins turned, and one recoiled as she saw Relc. He looked past the sea of Antinium and then at a little Goblin he vaguely recognized.
Rags and Relc locked gazes for a moment, then Rags tore her head away as a warrior with a scar over his face and two magic swords sat up slightly.
“Chieftain?”
“No. Almost ready.”
Rags curtly spoke to the room, and Relc looked at her a long while before he heard a voice.
“And that is Relc. He was the first. Or second. The first to meet her, in the days when she first came to Liscor.”
“Ooh.”
“Aah.”
Antinium were sitting around as an [Acolyte] pointed at Relc. Not Pawn, but he carried a censer. The Antinium gazed at Relc in awe.
“He and Klbkchhezeim were there. Now he is here again. Let us pray.”
Relc opened and closed his mouth, but a Gnoll bustled up to him.
“Drink? Food?”
“Me? Uh—no, Ishkr. Not right now.”
