8.81
Page 34
For answer, the bearded man simply shrugged, and his eyes were that gaze she had learned to despair and regret ever trusting. Open, almost innocent of guilt. Vast as forever.
“We are gods. This is our right. Come, Sprigaena.”
She dove with a cry, and her sword aimed at the only foe she could lift it against. Not him. Not even now. He had been her beloved friend, her inspiration and purpose.
He had been her god. Now, Sprigaena fled him, and the God of Rulers cursed her, cursed his fate, cursed…everything but himself.
“Damn the Gnomes. All these traitors to glory. Almost. I almost walked the world.”
Almost. What was happening with that body now? After all, there was one of the six who had not been seen. Emerrhain had…vanished, and that truth made Tamaroth nervous, for he feared the Gnomes had aught to do with it. But there was one more.
The Goddess of Youth and Last Stands. The Patron of Glorious Souls. First of the Hunt. The youngest of the six, who had ever been neutral, choosing sides as she willed. Daughter born of death and battle. Kasigna’s wayward rebel.
Cauwine.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Five days before Fetohep of Khelt’s great ride, as the first Seamwalkers appeared over the world’s edge, an [Emperor] sat uneasily upon a throne. He received a [Message] as he held court. But he already knew something was wrong.
 
I dream of it, sometimes. Not the moment itself, but I have nightmares. All allegorical. I am walking through Riverfarm, tracing a path with the [Emperor] ‘sight’ I’ve been given.
A gift for a blind man. Then I realize—there’s nothing outside the path. The forest or the village is gone. There is only the road, and seeing only that is more unnerving than not seeing at all. For some reason—I step off the road.
Then I fall. I fall and fall and reach out until I touch that hand.
You see—allegorical. At other times, I’m in a box, and I have to take the hand or drown. My lips are gasping against the top wall when I take it. The box vanishes, and I am still drowning. Only, I’m not alone.
These are nightmares about what happened, but never the moment itself. Because that moment…doesn’t linger with me.
If I remember it—and my memory is already faded—it’s so simple. This stranger who’s found his way into my room and is talking about my class and the future offers me a hand up.
I take it.
It was a trick. A moment I’ve regretted and questioned for a long time. I wasn’t even sure it was real, though the advice was, until later. I don’t think I knew what I was accepting. There was certainly no contract, no signature.
It was…cheating. So why does that make sense to me? In all those stories where brave or cunning mortals deal with devils or faeries, they do so by trickery, playing with the rules. Perhaps because we all understand that if there were no rules, we’d never win.
One moment. Someone else’s trick and designs, and I’m now bound to it. It’s very fitting. It feels real to me.
That is the one thing I will not answer for. All of my other mistakes and failings—yes. But never that.
It is also why I sit here, while the world seems to be ending. While Gnolls are fighting…no. No.
I can tell something is going on. This is all a prelude. I know, through him.
The bearded man. It is not a solstice, nor any other event like a full moon, or two full moons. But—something is happening.
So I sit. The Unseen Empire is flourishing. Lady Rie has returned.
She’s different.
Yet Laken Godart sits here, because he does not know which move is playing into the other game. I sit here and…tell them to go away.
“Your Majesty?”
