8.81
Page 37
Fetohep of Khelt: I must insist you wait.
R: Why?
Fetohep of Khelt: I must consult with specialists on the matter. I have experienced—issues of late. Now may not be the hour.
R: When is? How much longer?
 
He didn’t know. Rags could not figure out why Fetohep of Khelt said that. She had gone over whether he was sabotaging her—but he had no reason to. Nor could she know how the Revenant King felt.
 
——
 
Fetohep of Khelt sat alone in Khelt. He looked up, and called out.
“Great Khelta. Queen Xierca? Erin Solstice? Are you here?”
He walked across his throne room, through the palace, to the chambers where frozen bodies had lain. He paced across his capital, ignoring his subjects.
He heard nothing.
The King of Khelt was worried. Khelta had left him with instructions if she vanished suddenly. She had told him to expect…the worst.
Were they then trying to return Erin to her body? Was he obstructing them? He did not know.
So he returned to the [Message] scroll.
 
Fetohep of Khelt: Wait another day, ‘R’.
R: Everything is almost ready. I have a Skill.
Lionette: From whom?
Saliss: I think you mean, ‘from who’? I have to go. We’re entering the Great Plains, and I sense snobbish Drake [Mages]. Good luck.
R: I cannot wait. Why, Fetohep? Why wait?
Fetohep of Khelt: I cannot say.
 
He would not say, not to all of them. Not if the Witch of Webs could infiltrate that discussion. Or Wistram itself or…Ailendamus or any other force.
There were ways to ensnare ghosts. This was the power of Khelt. So he read.
 
R: I need another Skill, maybe. Does ‘Emperor’ have his Skill? I could use that. [Undying Loyalty]?
Ilvriss: What [Emperor]?
Lionette: Oh! Oh! Is he here?
Riverfarm: His Majesty, Laken Godart of the Unseen Empire, is not accepting direct [Message] spells at this moment. Is this…in regards to Erin Solstice? I will forward any missives for his consideration. A reply is not guaranteed, however.
R: Yes. Ask if he can use his Skill on Erin Solstice, in Liscor.
Fetohep of Khelt: Khelt shall repay His Majesty of Riverfarm any inconvenience.
Ilvriss: And Salazsar. Riverfarm is the capital of this Unseen Empire?
Riverfarm: Please hold. Your request will be forwarded to his Majesty when he next holds court.
R: No, now.
 
——
 
Waiting and waiting. Rags had been waiting for this, waiting for that. She had been communicating, and they had a Skill—the [Emperor] was to make sure they had the best one. She had heard tales from Goblins about that Skill.
Of all the allies Lyonette had gathered, all her friends—he had never participated in the messages. As if he had tried not to notice, even when Wistram contacted him.
So she waited a day. One day, and she had waited so long to taste that food and see that smiling face. Rags had waited and waited and gotten the other voice.
 
Emperor Laken Godart: I cannot journey to Liscor. ‘R’, can you perform the ritual?
R: Yes. We have one Skill, but two is better. Can you give it?
Emperor Laken Godart: No. Go now. Perform the ritual. Hurry. You have no time.
Fetohep of Khelt: You must clarify your statements, Emperor Godart. What do you know?
Emperor Laken Godart: I cannot say either. Hurry. Go to Liscor as fast as you can. Before it’s too late.
 
That was when Rags felt that resurgence of unease. That was when she made the call. She could wait another day, another month…but she had to try.
The Healer of Tenbault was being loaded on the wing of a Wyvern by Calescent and two Goblins as Rags watched. She turned to the Witch, Anazurhe.
“I go.”
