8.82 (Pt. 2)
Page 6
A Dragon who swam out of the sea, fins and gills and all. In fact, in this great gathering, Erin saw one more shape she recognized slithering forwards. A pair of Wyrms wanted to rebuff him, but a slightly smaller one spat at them.
“Excuse me—I am clearly important enough to be here. It is my brother who rules Ailendamus. Move aside. Hello. Have we met?”
Rhisveri’s brother preened at his head as a female Wyrm gave him a long stare. Undeterred, he sidled over to one of the Dragonlords of the Earth, and she rebuffed him with a single slap of the tail.
Queen Marquin sighed as she looked at the Dragons.
“More than I have ever dreamed of. This is fitting company, eh, pompous cousins?”
She looked around, and not even the rulers of Terandria could gainsay that. The Dragons glared at each other, but they turned to Xarkouth.
“Something is wrong. Are the Gnomes mistaken? I thought now would be the moment—but we cannot tarry any longer. Those gods are eating our kin, Xarkouth.”
One of the Dragons said the word! She was one of the oldest, and even the other Dragons deferred to her. Her scales looked like someone had cut pieces of gems into their shape, and they rippled, semi-transparent, showing her beating heart, even veins. The Dragonlord of Gems, who had once founded a tiny Walled City, surveyed the ghosts, and her eyes fixed on Erin Solstice.
“A living child. I thought you had promised to return her to her body.”
“Those six interfered. Dragonlord Saracandre, I present the mortal who was worthy of a Gnome’s attention. I think…I think they succeeded in trapping one of the six.”
The Dragonlord of Gems bowed her head as she looked at Erin.
“Yes. I think so too. The God of Magic, Emerrhain, is no more. Once again, they have bested even we Dragons in cunning. So for the last of Gnomes, we fly. I saw Sprigaena vanish. We are fading. Is this foolish little war still going on in the lands of the living? We cannot tarry. The Dragonlords gather to attempt to kill one of the gods. It will be in vain, but we will scorch one to ash such that they remember it. I cannot decide between that arrogant Tamaroth or Norechl who has tainted this land.”
She…knew their names. She knew them, she remembered the Gnomes—even the other Dragons stirred at her use of the forbidden, unspeakable word. Gods. The rulers of Terandria were certainly taken aback. Saracandre looked about, and Marquin was brave enough to speak.
“Dragonlord Saracandre! I speak for Terandria—a war is occuring in two places to our knowledge. The Meeting of Tribes in Izril where Drakes and Gnolls fight each other, and here in Terandria. The kingdom of Ailendamus versus an alliance of other kingdoms.”
“Gnolls and Drakes do not surprise me. That is our sin of old.”
A Dragonlord with scales the color of pearls lowered his head, looking tired. One of his eyes was like a flame in reverse, deepening in color from a brilliant white on the edges to the heart of burning red. Another Dragon snorted. His voice crackled like the lightning around him; every time his wings moved or he twitched, electricity earthed itself, emitted from his scales.
“I flew over Izril, and the ghosts of Chandrar assured me they would deal with it. Can we do nothing?”
“Not without—”
The Dragonlord of Lightning flapped one wing.
“Yes, yes. Shut up, oh mighty King of Avel. I cast the blame of this at Wyrms. Truly, a Human was more worthy of inheriting a Dragonthrone than petty Wyrms. Possibly the last Wyrm had to create a conquering nation.”
“And how is that worse than Humans or your precious Drakes who are oh so wise? Berithseid?”
