8.82 (Pt. 2)
Page 7
A Wyrm hissed back at the Dragonlord of Lightning. Erin saw Cawe slap her forehead with one wing.
“Oh, wonderful. They’re arguing too. We just had to be stuck with the most petty ghosts in all the dead lands.”
Her voice was a bit too loud. Every single Dragon and ruler turned and glared at the [Pickpocket]. Cawe went pale under her feathers and hid behind Gerial.
“The little Garuda speaks truthfully. I will not be shamed before my cousins. Well met.”
Another Dragon spoke, and Erin gawked at a Dragon with feathers. Not scales—feathers. Cawe’s beak opened so wide it looked like she was trying to swallow her face.
“Wh—who are you?”
“Dragonlord of Feathers.”
The…Dragon?…rumbled back with amusement. She had a beak rather than a snout, and Erin Solstice had no idea if she was some hybrid or…
“Dragons. Wyrms. I joined you all in hopes of doing something. Who and what matters in the land of the living? Speak quickly—the dead things are upon us!”
A fierce, cawing voice broke in. Erin turned and saw a bright, blue bird speaking. The Phoenix spread her wings, and Erin made a few incomprehensible sounds. Every head turned to those in the know.
“My brother, Rhisveri, is the Wyrm who is raging against the Dawn Concordat. I gather a great mortal died and he intends to wipe them out. I have two ghosts to illuminate us. I spoke with this ‘Great General Dionamella’ ere she fell—she had an all-too-high opinion of Rhisveri, but I know the facts.”
The Wyrm hissed. He moved his tail, and a pair of ghosts who had been riding on his back jumped down. One, Erin recognized. She was…that Great Knight.
Great Knight Eclizza of Ailendamus and a half-Elf who had been in Dionamella’s bodyguard when Lord Swey killed him both bowed to the assembly.
“Great ghosts! I regret to say that Rhisveri, the Wyrm of Ailendamus, does rule the nation. He will not halt; he has called on Lucifen and Agelum, immortals like the last Dryad, Sophridel the Elemental of Masks, and more to wipe out the Dawn Concordat.”
A Dragonlord oozing venom with every word spoke, her scales foul and pitted.
“Pity. One army’s loss is not a terrible shame. We have done all we can.”
“It will be more than that, milady.”
The half-Elf bowed, shamefaced. He turned to the ghosts.
“The Lord of House Veltras and a number of nobles of the Five Families ride against Ailendamus, as well as a [Princess] and many brave [Knights]. Even Izrilian champions—the Order of Seasons, a Ser Solstice of Izril, the Goblin Slayer, is poised for combat. They may not be of high level, but their loss will provoke a feud with no end.”
The Dragonlords and rulers conferred, murmuring.
“Order of Seasons…I know them. Who are the Five Families?”
“Possibly new. Another great slayer of Goblins?”
“I am still not even sure what or where this Ailendamus is. If we can do nothing, we should better fly against our foes.”
They shook their heads. Eclizza looked helpless as she cried out.
“But Duke Rhisveri—the Wyrm is a kin of yours, great Dragons! If you could but talk to him—”
“He cannot hear us.”
Rhisveri’s brother hissed softly. One of the Dragonlords snorted at him.
“Come now. Wyrms can see the dead, and our kind too if they but look. Have Wyrms of the modern era atrophied such that they have failed even that?”
A gigantic Wyrm who was far, far larger than all but three Dragons slapped the ground warningly with her tail and reared up over the Dragonlord of Waves.
“Speak cautiously, little Dragon. Those are my children you speak of.”
He hesitated and ducked his head.
“…Beg pardon, Great Wyrm.”
