8.82 (Pt. 2)
Page 20
Of course, the modern civilizations made faux gold coins because gold was a precious metal. But Rhisveri could appreciate money. In fact, he had been deciphering what the obol that he’d made Ryoka give him did.
“So obvious. Each stone is a bit of magic. But those runes…they are words. Multi-faceted meaning like all these imprecise, conditional languages. Their tongue?”
The tongue of the fae, those far travelers. Of course…Rhisveri saw it now. Their language was magic. The words, the very words the fae used, their real tongue, not the language they probably condescended to use with Ryoka Griffin, was so charged with magic that if they spoke something, they manifested it.
When they said fire, fire might actually appear. No wonder when he had asked Fithea about them, she had claimed they didn’t lie. How could you lie when you had to speak truth in power? The stones were thusly…
“She paid me in words. Heh. Heheheheh. That’s hilarious.”
The Wyrm was laughing. He supposed there was a lot of sense to it. When you could speak the language of magic itself, you weren’t going to stoop to much less. He approved.
What he did not approve of…what had kept Rhisveri from appearing on the battlefield and was distracting him even now was the fae themselves.
This was the story of an impatient Wyrm. He had been ready to teleport to the front and sort out Eldavin. He had exiled Ryoka Griffin from annoying him—he had given orders to spare Tyrion Veltras, if only to spare himself the whining. Besides, hostages were worth more than a feud, and he had even considered that it might be wise to end the war after this.
However—he had never gotten a chance to teleport. Because something had happened. The obol of the Faerie King had begun shaking. And the Wyrm had known what that meant.
As Ryoka Griffin finally noticed the shaking obol in her hand, she and Rhisveri remembered that event they had almost forgotten with Eldavin and Dionamella’s death. The Wyrm’s cunning plan. His offer to the Faerie King.
The auction for the Scroll of [Resurrection].
It was time. Rhisveri watched Visophecin fighting as he cursed.
“How much longer? I hear you! I am ready! By your name, I invoke you not lightly, King of Faeries, but I will offer you the bounty of my treasures and a…fair share of its worth! Oberon.”
He hesitated. Even Rhisveri’s incalculable ego knew this was a dangerous thing. But the obol had been shaking for nearly an hour, and he wasn’t sure whether it meant the Faerie King was opening the gateway or if he were just heralding his arrival overlong. So he spoke again.
“Oberon.”
Then he felt it. Rhisveri gulped. It wasn’t in the bottom of the palace anymore, that old gateway. It was in the air itself. In fact…he sensed his barriers and protective spells on the verge of being torn apart. Hurriedly, Rhisveri cursed and canceled them. That damn Wind Runner would be here. Of course.
He spoke one last time, and his voice was a roar that faltered.
“Oberon!”
Rhisveri then felt it. The crack in reality. The auspice of fall, the cloying scent of atrophying life, the promise of the chill to come. A world in beauty and fading, from good to ill. From rot to new life of a different kind.
The Faerie King began to open the gate. Rhisveri braced, his claw hovering near the scroll. Riches uncounted. He waited for Ryoka Griffin as the doors to his throne room swung open. The wind had been blowing like a damned hurricane around his palace. Rhisveri turned his head.
“You might as well enter, Thief. You did introduce me—so you will witness my riches increase.”
