8.82 (Pt. 2)
Page 36
Then—the crisscrossing volleys of light focused on one Seamwalker, and Erin saw a mask of bone and dripping flesh stumble a bit—and keep walking. Thirty-two beams of light hit it. Then again, lightning-fast, and it rocked slightly. Then it walked forwards, slathering obliviously.
The cheering from that place stopped. The crew confirmed, victory turning to uncertainty in a flash.
“(…No damage? Repeat scans.)”
“(No result. We can’t see—it is rising.)”
One of the ‘dead’ sixteen was getting up. The holes blasted in its body were closing, and it looked around, confused, then kept walking. Another had been shattered to pieces, and each piece was crawling, even if it shouldn’t. A piece of head sprouted little ‘legs’. A mouth opened in what had been putrid flesh.
“(It…it cannot do that. They have no traces on any sensors. Collect a sample—)”
“(Denied. DENIED. Keep firing. Redirect to target quadrant A33—)”
Horrified visitors were watching their great weapons doing spit, while a bunch of ‘magic fire’ melted one screaming Seamwalker into its own juices. They were witnessing the Faerie King’s warning themselves.
And no matter how humble, or great, they took a moment to cast one ray of defiance, one shard of help into the void. A flight of arrows landed across a Seamwalker’s back, and it stumbled. Just…arrows. Launched by a group of wild men and women with pointed ears and dark skin who raised their hands in regret. Gazing in awe at the ghosts of their half-kin.
A god’s javelin, striking target after target until even the divine weapon faltered and shattered upon a crest of decayed ivory. A burning orb of light that washed away color and consumed two Seamwalkers.
If only they could have fought forward. But the volley was a single, glorious, immortal moment that was just that. Endless and ending.
As for the ghosts, Erin, Gerial, Cawe, the rulers of Terandria, even the Dragonlords, they watched a storm of fire coming through the crack in reality. A twenty-one gun salute from the other realms a million times over.
It took months and a heartbeat. Then it was done, the guns smoking, the last arrow shot. A crew of soldiers removed their helms to look at Erin Solstice. A god with the eyes of the sun bowed once. Erin saw a strange salute from a people unlike her in almost every way, their glowing flesh neither skin nor scale nor fur. They still showed her everything she needed to see with one gesture.
The Seamwalkers fell, burning, and the Faerie King looked out into the world. He gazed at Erin. He looked at Cawe. He stared into Kasigna’s eyes as the Goddess of Death cursed him.
Slowly, that head nodded, and the fingers closed the gap between worlds. Leaving only the memory of fall where he had been.
A single moment, a temporary hand interfering. Enough to slay a score of Seamwalkers. Not change everything. All he could do, perhaps. The largesse of a ruler who remembered his enemies and honored his oaths.
Still, the Seamwalkers advanced. Still, the dead gods came on, enraged now, cursing his name but not quite daring to use it.
It had done nothing. It was a kind gesture, a single arrow at the end of the world. Erin Solstice hesitated. Or was it? That crack the Faerie King had opened…
“A crack?”
Then she felt a tremor as the warheads of alien dimensions, magic, and the storm of attacks rippled through this realm. She saw Kasigna halt and raise her hands, as if she were a spider trying to repair a web. A mason trying to hold up a roof.
