8.82 (Pt. 3)
Page 15
Razia slapped him. She opened her palm wide, splaying her fingers, and gave him a brisk slap across the cheek. More of an insult than anything else. Erin knew it would do no good. A Tier 7 spell didn’t even make h—
Tamaroth staggered back, raising a hand to his cheek. The brisk crack of skin on skin made everyone turn and stare at Razia.
“Be told, whomever you are. I will hurt you if you strike her. Dragons, familiar faces—no one can see me and I feel better? This is some wondrous dream—but it isn’t, is it?”
Razia flexed her hand wonderingly. It was the same hand she’d broken. However…she was on her feet, not confined to a wheelchair. In fact, she felt her muscles knitting, her atrophied flesh growing stronger by the second.
She felt alive for the first time since she had been born. Where was this place? Why did she feel like this was what she’d been missing all her life? It was as if she had been born with lungs full of air and never been able to take a single breath for the centuries she’d been alive.
Now—now she inhaled and felt whole. Tamaroth was still feeling at his cheek.
“What…who…”
“Wh-wh-whoa! Who are you?”
Erin Solstice gazed at Razia. The Agelum turned and gave her a beaming smile.
“I am Razia of House Shoel! Is that Ryoka Griffin there? Do you know her?”
“Me? Yes! I’m Erin! But watch out—that guy’s evil!”
Erin pointed. Tamaroth was coming back, and he was furious. Razia raised her eyebrows.
“Is he?”
The God of Rulers reached for Razia, and she slapped him again. She was so quick—her hands at her side cracked across his face in an instant. Again, the God of Rulers staggered.
This time, all the ghosts and even the dead gods saw it. Kasigna, battling the rulers with the relics of Terandria, Norechl, Cauwine…looked down.
“What is Tamaroth doing?”
Then they saw Razia slap the God of Rulers and him try to shield his face, recoiling. The ghosts of Terandria turned, and they saw her.
A…naked Agelum. At first the rulers rolled their eyes.
“Wonderful. We stand with [Exhibitionists] at the last. Surely we have to have some class? What will that woman do, strip our opponents bare?”
A ghost rolled her eyes, but another [Battle Lord] poked his head up from launching arrows at a Seamwalker.
“I say. Is that Razille? Fortress Commander Razille? I served with her—four hundred years ago! I’d recognize that magnificent body anywhere! Commander Razille!”
He shouted at her. More ghosts turned, and they saw the woman with a body, the Agelum. The missing clothes were one thing, but ghosts began to speak.
“Ratiez the Blade! You fought with us against the Goblin King!”
“No, that’s Razize, Lady Razize Shoel! I wondered why I hadn’t seen any of their number—”
A score of ghosts knew her. The Agelum stared about at people she had known over the centuries and centuries she’d been alive. Then she began to understand.
“Lady Razia!”
A servant of House Shoel who had died of natural causes less than a decade ago screamed. The [House Servant] had a sword and was fighting the Seamwalkers. He pointed at Tamaroth.
“That is the monster who plagues Ailendamus! Everything—everyone is being killed by his kind! The afterlife is under siege by that foe!”
Everyone turned to the [Servant]. Like Ishkr—he had a way of explaining everything to his employer in as few words as necessary.
Razia’s gaze brightened. She punched one fist into her hand.
“Is that so? He seems not at all strong to me.”
“You punched him. No one can touch him—he eats souls!”
“Not mine. I’m not like you, little Human.”
