8.82 (Pt. 2)
Page 16
Greydath and this old man. I hate old men with white hair. The Hobgoblin checked himself. That—Uzine was impossibly strong. But something was wrong. He was so…
The Agelum twisted and dodged the Summer’s Champion’s slash. That was it. His eyes. He’d just seen that. And the counter he gave would have sheared Greysten’s head from his shoulders but for the armor.
“Rabbiteater! Back away! This is my d—”
Greysten roared a second before Uzine put the axes together and hit him like he was playing baseball. Rabbiteater began to back away—then saw the Agelum sprinting at him.
 
——
 
“My lord.”
“I see it.”
Tyrion Veltras was watching the fight. His hand was sweaty on his lance. Who was that old man? Tyrion Veltras a few days ago and twenty levels higher would have relished the chance to try that warrior.
This younger man felt…sweaty-palmed, and he hadn’t experienced that in decades. He was currently watching this member of House Shoel, a reclusive branch of Ailendamus’ nobility, take on…
The Summer’s Champion and Ser Solstice at the same time. They were both [Knights], and both were honorable enough in their way to demand a single duel. But neither one could back off.
They were fighting for their lives. They couldn’t even retreat—Uzine was hammering them both such that they had to fight or die. Ser Solstice was already bleeding, and from the way Ser Greysten was moving, it was clear he’d cracked some bones.
The Agelum was a whirlwind of battle. He fought like a [Blademaster]. Tyrion was trying to understand his class.
His eyes. He was some kind of peerless expert. Strong—[Greater Strength]? [Greater Speed]? Yes, like an ultimate barbarian, but he had the skill with those axes to back it up. Tyrion looked across the battlefield and saw more figures in…wheeled chairs?
Were they all as good as he was? Then he saw Ser Solstice go down.
“Rabbiteater!”
Dame Talia shouted an odd name, and Meisa, Markus, and half a dozen [Knights] rode forwards. This time, the Order of the Thirsting Veil rode at them, howling fury at this breach of conduct. It might be a battle if both sides clashed. But as the Agelum raised both blades to bring them down on Rabbiteater as Ser Greysten tried to cover his friend—something happened.
Tyrion saw it as clearly as everyone else. Uzine was laughing—then he was coughing blood.
Blue blood. It surprised Uzine as much as everyone. It spilled out of his mouth like vomit…a pool of it. He spat a string of blood and stepped back. Then…Tyrion saw the Agelum bleed.
 
——
 
Rabbiteater looked up with Ser Greysten and saw Uzine bleeding. The Agelum lifted one hand and looked at the blood running down his body. A huge wound. But neither Greysten nor Rabbiteater had tagged him. So how…?
“Ah.”
Uzine looked at his hand and the fragile skin that had split from his knuckles halfway down his arm. He flexed his fingers, and Rabbiteater saw the arm wasn’t straight.
He’d…broken his own bones. To look at him—something was wrong with his lungs. The Agelum hacked up more bright blue blood.
“Summer’s…wrath. What is that?”
Greysten was staring at the blood. Rabbiteater had thought it meant Uzine was noble—blue-blooded. But it was clearer and clearer…
 
——
 
“That fool. He’s injured himself. Badly.”
Uzine was pursuing Ser Greysten and Rabbiteater, but he was bleeding a trail onto the grass. The Agelum stumbled, then tossed one axe aside. He’d clearly decided he couldn’t use that arm. Even so—his eyes were locked on the two.
He intended to finish them off. The Lucifen were in a frenzy, wondering how to explain this. A class? But the blood—
