8.82 (Pt. 2)
Page 17
The Agelum grabbed Ser Solstice bare-handed, swatting the Summer’s Champion aside with a blow that damaged his other arm. Then his bloody arm began to squeeze.
The metal helm of Ser Solstice’s armor began to deform around the gorget. He was…crushing the [Champion]’s armor. Visophecin watched as he strode across the ground with Igolze and Azemith.
 
——
 
Rabbiteater couldn’t breathe. He was staring into those strange eyes. Too many pupils. Who…then Uzine whispered to him, as Greysten tried to get up.
“Only one Goblin who has ever locked swords with me has lived, Ser Solstice. He was named Greydath of Blades.”
Ah. That explained a lot. Rabbiteater grinned behind his helmet. He knew. The Agelum’s fingers tightened, and Rabbiteater saw spots appearing in his vision. He waited for the crunch…but then Uzine let go of him. Gasping, Rabbiteater swayed, and Uzine grabbed him.
“Igolze. Here’s your answer. Visophecin. I’m bleeding.”
Who were they? They smelled like oil and metal. Rabbiteater was gagging. He saw some slim figures with…grey skin stopping. Uzine was coughing, and they were fussing over him when they all went silent.
“I believe the point has been made. This duel is over. Summer’s Champion. It is my turn.”
Uzine turned his head, and Rabbiteater, clutching at the metal digging into his throat, looked up. He saw a white beard, two mismatched eyes of heliotrope and cerulean. A half-Elf, floating in the air.
“Archmage of Memory.”
“Where is Duke Rhisveri? If you would challenge anyone—challenge me.”
Someone was grabbing Rabbiteater, helping Greysten up. Ailendamus was retreating, even Uzine reluctantly being led away. Rabbiteater looked up and saw a too-young face. A clean-shaven man, without his beard. Tyrion Veltras hauled Rabbiteater onto his horse.
“Archmage—”
“Retreat, Lord Veltras. If we are to settle things, then I, the Archmage of Wistram, challenge Ailendamus’ greatest spellcasters. Send forth Duke Rhisveri.”
The air was…shimmering. Ailendamus’ cheering had gone silent again. The Archmage of Memory hovered there and looked at the army of targets as his eyes blazed with magic.
Even Tyrion Veltras decided not to argue. He rode away from the fighting with Rabbiteater as Ser Greysten was carried off by Talia and his people. Rabbiteater looked up at the man.
“You.”
“Ser Solstice—”
Rabbiteater tried to punch Tyrion in the face. The [Lord] blocked the punch, cursing, and behind them…
 
——
 
Ryoka Griffin watched Eldavin standing there. This time, it was her heart that was breaking.
Eldavin, not Teriarch.
Half-Elf, not Dragon. The same man in some ways—so different in others. The ego was there, the personality was the same.
That brave warrior, sometimes a condescending, grouchy old man, often caring, fierce and despairing and intelligent.
But without the wisdom of aeons. A Dragon in a mortal’s body without his memory.
Out of his mind. Betrayed by Ryoka Griffin. But all he said…even after what she’d tried to do, all he said as he looked down at the three Lucifen—Azemith, Igolze, and Visophecin—was this. For the world to hear.
“What magic did you cast on Ryoka Griffin? I will have Duke Rhisveri answer for that and every transgression with his life. Send him forth.”
Ryoka was sick. Razia was silent, and the Wind Runner looked towards the Wyrm’s chambers. But Azemith just sneered back.
