8.82 (Pt. 2)
Page 35
Thus, the Faerie King sat on his throne as every head turned to him. Slowly, ever so slowly as he looked at them all, he nodded his head. So the god of the sun turned and put an arrow to his bow. He loosed it through that crack in the world, and it burned through a dozen bodies.
Dragons leapt into the air and breathed flames which roared through the doorways. Wyrms screamed insults that split the air and hurled acid. The Phoenix tossed the handbag.
It was not just in the court of the Faerie King; they might have hit each other if they were aiming for a single spot. The crack in the world was so vast entire armies were launching arrows through, close enough to hit a Seamwalker—far enough to call upon any weapon. The screaming battle that emerged through the crack silenced the ghosts.
 
——
 
Erin Solstice looked up as she saw what could only be a…ghostly fever dream? Who was the guy with horns? Was that a spaceshi—
She saw the world turn into a second dawn as countless weapons flew through the crack between worlds. Time itself bent, such that Erin watched a single arrow loose from a bow and saw an entire fleet turn and open up with multiple salvos.
It was too much to take in. She felt like she was staring through a kaleidoscope, watching multiple places at once. A panicking dignitary pointed through the crack in reality, screaming even as their forces unleashed all their weapons.
“THOSE ARE RADIOACTIVE NUCLIDE WARHEADS. ABORT! ABORT! THE FALLOUT—”
A crackling intercom raced through one of the thousands of perspectives. At the same time, Erin ‘heard’ the crackling intercom as a bridge crew communicated with each other.
“(Nervis-grain Railguns. Firing. Full volley.)”
Erin turned to Marquin, who was staring upwards in awe. She pointed at something which flashed through the crack in the world. Erin saw a somewhat familiar object burning gas and fuel in this strange place, angling towards its intended target, counting down a timer.
“Hey. Did that guy just s—”
The flash lit up the entire sea—and it was one of eight. Erin Solstice’s mouth stayed open as she looked around. There was no air to shockwave outwards, and that did really weird things to the physics. They were also really lucky that the ghosts had no bodies. The blinding light itself didn’t last long; the Seamwalkers burned and shrieked, but only three fell.
Three?
In fact…not all the weapons being fired through were helping. One of the Seamwalkers looked up at the bloom of nuclear fire from the warheads as if sensing something that made it…stronger. It kept walking a second—until a glowing arrow struck it.
A fragment of the sun, so microscopic compared to the large being that it surely didn’t matter. Yet it kept going, burning a trail through the chitin and shell. The Seamwalker halted and began to claw at the arrow. Then the radiating heat caused flesh to burst into flame. Parasites burned and the flesh began to bubble—then disintegrate.
Other Seamwalkers and ghosts fled the glowing shape a moment before it vaporized itself into a ball of fire to dwarf the first explosions. It consumed everything…then faded.
One arrow. One Seamwalker.
There were so many. Yet each horrified realm was unleashing their full might. The bridge crew were cheering as they watched trails of light following their volley. Holes the size of…Erin gazed up at one Seamwalker falling, riddled with so many impacts that it was torn to pieces.
“(Kills. Sixteen. Continue firing.)”
