8.82 (Pt. 3)
Page 7
It couldn’t be. But Ryoka had seen her there. The Wind Runner took into the skies, flying away from the Wyrm. A little Griffin flew after her, screaming, but the Wind Runner was too fast.
And she held the Scroll of [Resurrection] in her hands. Ryoka felt it burning her side as she dragged it from her belt pouch.
One life among them all. Among all the people dying…
“Erin?”
Ryoka’s eyes were filled with tears, and she wavered. That friend of hers was here. She had come here for Ryoka. At last, Ryoka had the scroll. But she thought of the other soul.
Teriarch. Ryoka Griffin’s tears were running across her face as she flew, but someone still tried to brush them away. She looked around and saw a ghostly hand.
She was dreaming. She’d been melted by Rhisveri and this was one last hallucination. How else could this be happening?
“Erin?”
The ghost girl offered Ryoka a handkerchief. She was not flying…she was riding a—
A crimson Dragon stared at Ryoka, and the Wind Runner nearly fell out of the skies. Someone tried to grab her. A winged Garuda. But the claw passed through Ryoka’s arm.
She felt a cold touch. The Human girl looked around and into the eyes of…
Ghosts. She met the gaze of a man dressed in leather armor, a sword buckled to his side. He looked more stunned to see her than she did him. But then—he had always worn that expression of gratified surprise from the first moment she’d met him, fighting a Lich at the ruins of Albez. Ryoka looked into brown eyes.
“Gerial?”
How was this possible? What was going on? Erin Solstice shouted at Ryoka, cupping her hands as if that would help bridge the void between life and death. The Dragon rolled her eyes as she flew, and Ryoka Griffin passed over the army of Ailendamus.
 
——
 
“Advance and destroy them.”
Rhisveri was missing. Something had gone wrong in the capital. Visophecin could not raise Razia. He was wounded—but the Dawn Concordat was right in front of them.
The immortals of Ailendamus were preparing their attack. Now—the mortals of the Dawn Concordat, their ‘glorious army’, knew they were outmatched.
House Shoel aimed spells at the Thronebearers as the Agelum stood. Lance-arrows from the Greatbows trained upon Tyrion Veltras, the Five Families, and the Dawn Concordat saw the first burning spells arc through the air.
They began to charge. The Order of Seasons, Calanfer, the Griffin Prince leading the way through the skies, the [Princess] of Calanfer, Ser Solstice…
Visophecin’s eyes were burning red as he pointed a clawed finger straight at Tyrion Veltras as he stood on a hill that one of the immortals was raising. Below him, the Knights of the Hydra were charging by the thousand.
Wipe them out.
Then—Visophecin saw something that even he couldn’t explain happen to the air. In the narrowing ground between both armies, he saw…
“Mist?”
Azemith hesitated, twined [Disintegration] spells aiming from her fingers. She focused on the strange mist that suddenly arose. Both armies slowed, and the [Mages] called out.
“Distortion in the field. Skill?”
“Not magic. Greatbows! Refocus! The Dawn Concordat has engaged a mass-summoning spell!”
 
——
 
On the other side of the battlefield, the Dawn Concordat were pivoting, the charge of House Veltras circling.
“Ailendamus is raising troops! Rally! Hold—hold—”
Tyrion Veltras broke off his charge at the ranks of House Shoel, his heart thundering in his chest. He raised his lance, squinting into the mist.
“It’s not magic, Lord Veltras!”
Jericha shouted in his ear. Tyrion nodded. It had to be a Skill. But…he narrowed his eyes.
