8.82 (Pt. 3)
Page 12
Few things could hurt ghosts, and those they could fight were fleeing or just watching. Listening to the desperate Courier who had flown down from above. Trying to make sense of it all.
A warning was already being delivered. This one ghost had a purpose of his own. They all did. It might be selfish…but this was his last hour.
So the [King of Taima] halted at last in front of a trembling young man. He looked into those eyes.
“At last. You are a son of my lands, aren’t you?”
The boy looked at him. He might have been an immigrant to Ailendamus—but his blood was of the Taimaguros Dominion.
“Y-y-y—”
He couldn’t even speak. The [King] just nodded. He reached out and tugged a gauntlet off his hands. The scarred, weathered skin of a ghost reached out to the boy, who had fallen onto his butt.
“Our land needs you. Will you take my last blessing and my will?”
The boy looked up at the ghost of a [King]. He flinched, eyes wide. The ghost only waited, eyes on something in the sky.
“Me?”
“Yes. You will do. Take my hand if you would bear the burden I bestow. But choose.”
The mortal boy looked up at the ghost and slowly reached out. He felt the coldest touch in the world, but that smile was relieved and warm enough. The [King of Taima] bent, one eye cast up at the Seamwalker reaching down for him. But he whispered in the boy’s ear long enough. Then he smiled and raised the guisarme.
“Remember—”
 
——
 
Did the dead gods understand it now? It wasn’t just the thousand [Kings], either. Nor the [Queens] of Terandria.
They were everywhere. The fabric was torn, a crack opened.
They had little strength to fight in the living world, and their enemy was at their backs. But this war was never going to be won. So the ghosts chose something else as they willed. Some fought. Some bought time.
And some found…places. People.
The Pride of the Wellfar was sailing up the coast, desperately trying to find a way to support the fighting too far inland. Lord Etril, son of Gresaria Wellfar, was personally steering the ship.
“Lord Etril! Something is happening!”
The crew was in uproar. Etril Wellfar let go of the steering wheel and ran to the prow of the ship.
“What’s going on? Back to your stations, you salt-shitting cowards! What’s…”
Then the entire ship felt it. The Pride of the Wellfar was a vessel without equal. A magnificent ship, which had artifacts built into it from an age when Dragons had played shipmaker. It could manipulate space, shield itself with great magic, and it made other vessels look like toy boats.
Among the many decorations on that hull was a single object that had no actual purpose aside from defining the ship. And that was the figurehead at the front. It was, like House Wellfar itself, a hint to their origins.
A woman with a crown of what might have been coral held a simple staff with a gem at the end. One hand reached out, beckoning—a simple motif.
However, the lower half of the woman was a fish’s tail that seemed to meld into a wave. The figurehead of The Pride of the Wellfar was thus…important. But it had no magic. It was only enchanted to not rot, and it was as ancient as the vessel itself. Etril had long known that beautiful old figure from afar.
Never—never had anyone ever seen those closed eyes of the statue open. Never had they known it to speak.
“Who is the captain of this vessel?”
The Pride of the Wellfar spoke. A female voice, moving through carved lips. That figurehead, turning, regarding the crew, who were prostrating or frozen to statues themselves.
“I—I am. I am Lord Etril Wellfar. Who are you?”
