8.82 (Pt. 2)
Page 15
The Dawn Concordat had gone silent. Ailendamus was just as quiet. They were in shock. None of them had ever known House Shoel had that kind of warrior. Except for the very same elites that Uzine had sometimes mentored. They watched their strange teacher fighting.
The Summer’s Champion was using his aura, and it was a mistake. He was setting the grass on fire. The heat was making the image of him ripple. Any other [Knight] not prepared would be roasting in their armor, sweating, feeling the metal burn as the Summer’s Champion cut the air with a burning axe and shield.
The Agelum was laughing. Ryoka had an image from her days in church before she had managed to get herself banned.
An Angel with a flaming sword…no wonder he didn’t fear fire.
The duel was short. Perhaps the Summer’s Champion deserved better, but Uzine just hammered him again and again with those axes. Greysten’s feet were mired in earth; his armor held, but he was a sitting duck. Two axes rose, and the shield blocked the blow, but it knocked him flat on his back.
“Is Uzine going to…?”
Razia just looked at Ryoka, one eyebrow raised. Ryoka’s mouth was dry as the Agelum strode over to the struggling [Knight], trying to stand back up. There was no mercy in his eyes.
First the Summer’s Champion, next the Dawn Concordat. Tyrion…Ryoka turned, but the wind told her the Wyrm was still in his lair. Then she saw someone break the silence of the Dawn Concordat. She saw a commotion, people trying to stop the strange, masked warrior with slightly battered armor and no crest or paint riding on Uzine.
Ser Solstice charged the Agelum to a howl of outrage from both forces. But Uzine just turned, grinning.
 
——
 
Rabbiteater knew he was in trouble. The [Knights] were screaming at him to come back, but he saw Greysten fall and knew the Summer’s Champion was a dead man. He also knew he was outmatched.
But he was a [Knight]. And a Goblin [Knight] saw nothing wrong in this.
“Fight me.”
He called to Uzine. The Agelum whirled.
“Ah. Ser Solstice. If there were one [Knight], it would be you. En garde!”
Rabbiteater swore as he leapt from his saddle. He raised his axe and shield.
“[Grand Slash]!”
He reminded himself he had new Skills, an aura. He opened up with his biggest Skill, and the Agelum…ducked it. Then he lunged at Rabbiteater, blades swinging, and the Hobgoblin had a thought.
Greydath—
It was a familiar feeling. He was so fast. Rabbiteater spun, put his shield up, and his feet left the ground. He touched down, skidding, sliding, and felt his arm go numb. Had that crazy old man just launched…? What was wrong with his eyes? Rabbiteater looked up and saw an axe descending towards his helmet.
[Long Backstep]. [Mistreach Cut]! [Lightsoaked Armaments]—[Radiance of the Dawn]!
His armor flashed. The shining light blinded his foes, not his allies, and the [Champion] leapt at the Agelum, [Greater Speed] making his Skills even faster. He missed as the Agelum knocked aside his axe. One of those long axes swung at his face.
“[Giant’s Parry]!”
Rabbiteater tossed the blade aside with his shield. Then he felt a searing line of pain on his chest. He looked down and saw the tip of the axe scoring his chest. When had he—?
It wasn’t deep. Rabbiteater raised his shield to use [Shield Ram]. He was charging forwards. The Agelum backed up, wrenched his axe free, and kicked Rabbiteater in the chest.
The Hobgoblin slammed into the ground, rattling around in his armor. He got up and saw that smile.
