8.82 (Pt. 2)
Page 29
Eldavin, Teriarch, opened his eyes. A Dragon in his cave opened his eyes, and the brilliant brass scales that had not seen light in so long flashed. He raised his head as an Archmage clutched at his chest, screaming. The Dragon roared, and the High Passes shook.
Then the sound faded. That heart that had beat for so long.
Thump. Thump. Thumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthump—
Stopped. The Dragon looked around. Then he put his head down and closed his eyes. Never to wake.
The man lasted a little longer. Eldavin, the Archmage of Memory, hovered in the air, and Visophecin and the army of Ailendamus, gazing up at him in terror, saw a calm, terribly resigned look upon his face.
He touched at his chest and felt nothing there. He felt the last magic in him keeping him alive. But…there was nothing at the other end.
“What have I done?”
He looked at his hands. Then he gazed down at the armies. The half-Elf bowed his head and then shouted for the world to hear.
“People of Terandria. Warriors, enemies, mine. Hear me now. I am slain.”
Such calm words. Spoken like a warrior of old, informing them just so, for such things should be done right if at all. Eldavin’s head hung. He looked around, and his smile was bitter and tired and empty.
“Flee. Leave this spot. For I am dead, and where I fall—nothing shall remain.”
A single body fell from the sky and landed on the ground. Both armies looked, uncomprehending, at the half-Elf who lay there a moment. Then slowly got up and began to walk. The last vestiges of magic burned in him. A Dragon’s worth of fire. He began to walk away, looking at his body as it began to dissolve.
No one, not Visophecin, wounded, not Eldavin’s people, knew the whole of what had occurred. Only that the Immortals of Ailendamus wept, for they felt it. Despite being their enemy, one of their kin had died. They turned back to the mortals. And there was only death now. The laughing dead gods.
 
——
 
She had been defeated. She was not the most dangerous thing in the skies. Her heritage, the name of her species, her birthright, did not make her better than monsters or a Wyvern.
Rafaema didn’t care. She flew down to where she had seen Ressa, weary, humbled, bloodied, and battered beyond belief. She saw a body lying against the lip of a cave that had not been there a moment ago.
“Ressa?”
The Lightning Dragon bent over a woman in tattered [Maid]’s clothing. A hand jerked, and a broken blade halted in front of Rafaema’s face.
“It’s you. Isn’t it…?”
The woman wasn’t sure. She was staring around. The Lightning Dragon looked into the cave uncertainly.
“Is this…?”
“Go. I didn’t open it. Something…the magic went away.”
Ressa was staring into the cave. She was as wounded as Rafaema, if not more so. But she hadn’t entered, though the cave had opened a few minutes after the roar shook the High Passes. She was afraid to.
Alone, the Lightning Dragon slowly crawled forwards into the cave, limping slightly. She saw how plain the rock was, how shabby and dark this place was. A terrible place for an intelligent creature to live. A hideaway in the middle of nowhere, too small for her to spread her wings and fly.
It widened after a while, and she came to a brighter spot where someone had installed a modicum of civilization. Marble floor plucked from somewhere else, a lantern inserted into a wall…and a glowing barrier.
