8.82 (Pt. 2)
Page 21
He turned to the right and saw…no one. Rhisveri frowned at the air.
“Well, come on. Don’t sulk. Ryoka Griffin!”
She had to be just out of sight, right? The Wyrm peered down with one huge eye. He stared into the corridor and saw no Ryoka. She had just been there a minute ago…
Where had she gone?
 
——
 
It was then that Razia realized something was wrong. She felt that crack in the world.
“Rhisveri! What are you doing? Stop! Stopstopstop—”
It was adding to whatever was wrong! She felt a hole open, and she did not not know what felt to her of fall. Her bones were shaking. The Agelum looked around.
“What is this? Ryoka? Where did you go? What’s…?”
 
——
 
The ghosts felt it too. A crack opened in the deadlands. Their reaction was immediate. The five dead gods turned.
“Him again!”
Kasigna howled. Tamaroth saw the Seamwalkers turn, sensing something they had never felt before. Erin Solstice looked around.
“What’s going on? Why do I want pumpkin pie? What’s that?”
She pointed up at a crack so thin that no piece of paper or needle could have fit in the gap. So wide it let through another world. A paradox, a point of view. Above Erin, she heard a sigh of wonder.
“Oh. I had thought he would never return. Not after Titania. Yet he has ever honored his vows. It is him.”
“Who…?”
Queen Marquin looked up, and Erin thought she saw one eye of amber looking at her. The very embodiment of the fall. Two vast hands pulled a gate open, just a sliver, and waited. The Dragonlord of Gems breathed in wonder.
“The Faerie King.”
 
——
 
Ryoka Griffin felt the gates opening. She was running, running back towards Rhisveri’s lair. She had gone to find His Majesty, Itorin, and beg for his aid. But this…
Now? Now!?
This was the moment.
“Razia! Meet me at Rhisveri’s lair! We need to stop him! Razia—don’t worry, I’ll explain everything!”
The Agelum was silent. Ryoka wavered.
“Razia? Razia?”
She skidded around a corner and saw something that made her stop completely dead. Menorkel and Gilaw, who had been banned from going to war, much to one’s relief and the other’s ire, were standing over something. They looked…afraid. Searching around. Gilaw saw Ryoka and made a fist.
“Ryoka!”
“Razia? Where’s…?”
Ryoka Griffin looked down at what they were standing over. Her mouth grew dry, and she forgot even the Faerie King a moment. Because she was looking down at an empty wheelchair. An empty wheelchair and clothes that had just been on an Agelum.
“Razia?”
She—she had vanished. Menorkel pointed at her.
“I was just…she raced past us, and we went around the corner and…maybe she took off her clothes and left?”
Gilaw and Ryoka stared at the Titan, and Menorkel looked around. It was a bad hypothesis, but what else could explain this?
“Well, what happened?”
Something bad. Ryoka looked around, then began to run.
“Rhisveri. I have to go. They’ll know what I’m supposed to do. Ivolethe will.”
She was about to run down the corridor when an aged, cracked voice interrupted her.
“What to do? Why do you think you have to do anything? What have you done to Razia, Ryoka Griffin? You’ve brought only chaos and danger and death.”
Ryoka turned and flinched as a Dryad hobbled forwards. Fithea’s gnarled body, once blooming, had turned to stone. She was petrified wood, two faded yellow lights burning in old stone. She knelt by the wheelchair, looking down in confusion as Menorkel and Gilaw, her wards, joined her.
“Ryoka didn’t do anything, Fithea. Razia just…”
“I’m sorry. Fithea. I am. I…”
