8.82 (Pt. 2)
Page 28
“We have to grab Visophecin. He cannot sustain his Warform for more than a few more minutes. He is losing.”
Visophecin was no Agelum. Even empowered, he was losing to the Archmage of Memory in hand-to-hand combat as Eldavin summoned a blade from Drath and drove it into Visophecin’s shoulder.
Yet even now—the Devil raised one hand, and his kin halted. He was shaking with fury, but there was a cold logic in those eyes.
He was trying to wear Eldavin down. Visophecin had realized he was outmatched. The half-Elf had shattered one of his domains with pure mana. Now—he was trying to exhaust Eldavin so they could kill him. They needed Rhisveri or to attack at once.
Eldavin had taken the opposite approach. He intended to kill Visophecin rather than let him escape, rid Ailendamus of their best spellcaster.
More magic. He drew from what he now knew was his true body. Not just scraps or enough to fuel one spell. He pulled everything he could. Tapped deep into the heart of the slumbering Dragon’s reservoirs.
“[Vortex…of…Annihilation].”
He had Visophecin as the Lucifen fought. Eldavin was dragging him upwards, and he was going to erase the Lucifen with pure magic. No teleportation. No tricks or games, just overload him with more power than Visophecin had left.
He pulled at it, and the magic filled him to the brim. Yes. Yes! The Archmage’s eyes were burning as Visophecin howled—
—And in Wistram, the God of Magic’s spell activated. The Dragon had pulled enough magic for the spell to activate. Bereft of the God of Magic to activate it himself, it had lain there. Waiting. Waiting…
Now it cast itself, and the magic reached out across the world and found something. A spell so complicated that even Visophecin and Eldavin, locked in combat, both hesitated a moment.
What is that? The greatest spellcasters saw something settling over Eldavin. Reaching into him—but not fighting him for control of his fake body. It was going after—
The link.
The link that only Eldavin should have known was there. The Archmage of Memory’s eyes went wide in a sudden terror. The magic homed on the link between Dragon and simulacrum. And it—made—
Eldavin suddenly lit up with magic. The Lucifen shielded their eyes. He had been about to obliterate Visophecin, but this made even them halt in terror.
“The magic!”
A [Mage] went blind in agony, clawing at their eyes. Eldavin screamed in confusion. More magic than he had ever dreamed of was flooding him! Then—it was gone. Drained, he felt his body—
Magic surged through him. He was overwhelmed, exploding with it—it was gone—like a flickering bulb, he was filled and emptied of magic as it raced through the connection between him and his body in a moment.
“What is h—”
Flicker. Flicker. The magic was passing through him and his true self. Every second. Every half-second—exploding through his artificial body. Racing through the Dragon’s beating heart.
A Dragon was a magical being, but nothing could withstand that. Nothing was meant to take that much power and—it flashed between them. Ten times in a minute as Visophecin flew back. Twenty times. Eight times a second.
A spell from old ages, when simulacra had existed. Magic woven by the greatest expert there was or ever would be. A spell from the God of Magic to rid himself of a dangerous element he could not predict in his great game.
A simulacra-killer. It was aimed at one thing. Forcing the spell to overload both bodies until the one thing that could give—
