8.82 (Pt. 2)
Page 8
Erin’s head swung from face to face, and then Rhisveri’s brother spoke, his eyes fixed on his…
“Rhisveri has always been able to see ghosts. But he shields himself in his palace. I…may have haunted him for a decade.”
The Dragonlords groaned. Erin Solstice waved her hand frantically.
“Excuse me, did someone say a ‘Sir Solstice’? Who’s killing Goblins? Is that a coincidence or…? No, wait a second. Isn’t that—”
Her eyes went wide with alarm as she remembered a pseudonym that a certain person was using. A guest of her inn. A beloved friend. Her Goblin.
Rabbiteater. He was going to war against Ailendamus? He was going to fight a Wyrm?
Xarkouth fixed Erin with a gaze.
“All connected.”
He murmured, but the Dragonlords were arguing.
“In that case—do we try to break into his palace? The Seamwalkers are tearing this place apart, but the world is still not thin enough. Those armies…we will sacrifice our strength. Is it a worthy end?”
They had some great plan, and because they mentioned Gnomes…Erin knew it might work. Yet the conclave of ghosts fell silent, and Queen Marquin pointed one finger.
“I do not know, but look. Our time is up.”
They all turned and saw something falling. It was…
Flesh. No…stone? A piece of it fell from what had been a face. A rotten face, copied by something that had eaten the God of Time. Had almost…almost become something more. Greatest of Norechl’s kin.
However—even the Devourer of Time could not stand against all the ghosts assailing it then fight the Goddess of Death. In a war of gods, there was no quarter or mercy.
It was falling to pieces. It was dead—or Kasigna had dealt a deathblow. The ghosts sighed. They beheld her, walking after Tamaroth and Norechl.
“This is it. Ghosts—assemble. We must take the battle to each of them and buy time. Erin Solstice—you must flee to Izril. We can send a few to help protect you.”
Queen Marquin spoke, and the ghosts nodded. The [Kings] of Terandria glanced at each other. The King of Samal stalked forwards, blade in hand.
“Where do we gather? Assuming we have our chance—I will lead those who stand on the battlefield. Yes—let every [King] who would join me take up arms! Leave the blades to wound those six behind.”
He handed the heirloom to one of his descendants with a nod. The First King of Avel hefted his bow and did likewise to a [Princess].
A thousand [Kings] separated from the other ghosts for no reason Erin could tell. They were volunteering for something. Queen Marquin glanced at them, and raised her voice.
“If you will take the battle—then let [Queens] and noblewomen of Terandria’s thrones join me. We have a target. You have not; allow us our words.”
The [Kings] bowed their heads in agreement. Marquin turned to look at the dead gods.
“…Though we shall all fight in the end. If it comes to it, we will join the fighting and hold them back as long as we may and let a lesser number go.”
She pointed unerringly at Kasigna and Cauwine. The other ghosts, Dragons included, scoffed at Marquin.
“You cannot hope to hold her back more than a second, [Queen] of mortals! Kasigna cannot be stopped. She rules us all and claims this land.”
The Dragonlord of Gems cautioned Marquin. The Queen of Calanfer nodded grimly.
“Maybe not, but someone must make it. So harken to me, sisters of every age!”
