8.82 (Pt. 2)
Page 22
Ryoka began to trot away as the Dryad bent down to touch Razia’s clothing. She was just trying to do the best she could. She had done some good. She befriended the Lucifen, she had failed to save Eldavin. She had gotten Sammial home and survived Rhisveri’s wrath. She didn’t know she was fated to make a difference. She just—wanted to help.
She was running towards Rhisveri’s rooms when Gilaw barred her way. The Griffin had not transformed to her true self, so she was a tall, twenty-something warrior with dark skin and a mane of black hair who glared down at Ryoka and made one huge fist.
“Staeeeey heeeeere.”
She pronounced the words with difficulty. The young Griffin saw Ryoka back up. The Wind Runner raised her hands.
“Gilaw. Please…”
Ryoka didn’t want this. She had always loved immortals. She just wanted to impress them and learn about them. Why was she so afraid she was doing nothing when the worst was happening? She heard Fithea calling to Gilaw.
“Gilaw, get out of Ryoka’s way. She has brought death to Ailendamus’ immortals.”
“I’m sorry. Fithea…”
Ryoka turned as Gilaw stalked out of the way. She couldn’t explain how true that was and not…that they were all part of something terrible happening that had never quite died. Those six coming back. The Faerie King’s warning. She saw Fithea raise her head and look at Ryoka. The Dryad lifted a hand as Gilaw hopped aside.
“Thank you, Gilaw.”
Ryoka blinked at Fithea. Then the wind howled. It blew her to the side, and she stumbled. Then she looked down at the arrows made out of wood sticking out of her left leg and stomach.
“Fithea?”
Menorkel’s head turned. He saw the Wind Runner waver—then the wind slammed her into the wall. It stopped the floor of the palace from smashing her flat as Fithea dragged up a slab of stone and slammed it down.
Ryoka was fumbling for a potion. The arrows were digging into her. Trying to grow into—she was screaming as she dragged a potion out, tearing an arrow from her flesh. Ryoka smashed the potion against her skin as the wind threw her away from another spell. A spire of stone blossomed beneath her and would have skewered her like a rat, but for another last-second dodge.
“Fithea! What are you doing?”
Menorkel was screaming in horror. Gilaw had frozen, eyes wide, looking at the Dryad. The old immortal was pointing, and another shower of arrows flew at Ryoka, and the wind snapped them in midair. She frowned as Ryoka began to heal.
A wall exploded, and the shrapnel cut Ryoka’s back to pieces. But the potion was still working on her, and it was one of the best potions House Shoel had. Fithea hissed.
“There was an age when healing potions were not so plentiful. When those would have been death-wounds in battle. Gilaw, Menorkel, stand aside.”
Fithea was trying to kill her. Ryoka realized it as she drew the Faeblade. She leapt from another spire of stone, cut apart an axe made of wood slashing for her face with the Faeblade—she was dodging, reacting on instinct.
Fithea was trying to kill her. Ryoka understood something at the speed of thought. The trap for her. But why…?
She was weaving, the air helping her dodge the sprays of stone and arrows Fithea was conjuring. But the Dryad was an expert from an older era; while Ryoka was busy weaving through the air, a little loop of vine caught her leg. She came to a halt as the wind cracked her entire body in the air. Dazed, Ryoka dangled there. Then Fithea pointed, and the vine slammed Ryoka into the ground. She was covered in vines in a second.
