8.82 (Pt. 3)
Page 14
The red Dragon…Dragoness was not Xarkouth in size, but she was impressive.
“I have business with that girl. She has a scroll. And she is connected to my duties. You are that girl Xarkouth asked us to aid. You must flee. That one is coming for you.”
She pointed her head, and Erin looked around. She sighed.
“Great. It’s always one of them. Hey! I don’t even know you!”
Tamaroth, the God of Rulers, was coming her way. Erin shook a fist and backed up as Ryoka turned.
“Erin…?”
She was far away. Erin wished she’d stop saying that.
“Ryoka. My body’s alive! I’m just, uh—not in it! Put me back! Put me back and kick whoever’s squatting in there out of it! Okay?”
Erin called to Ryoka. Of course—that assumed she’d survive long enough. Cawe and Gerial stepped back, facing Tamaroth.
“You are mine, child. Take my hand.”
He strode towards her, and Ryoka saw Gerial motioning at her to run. Cawe backed up, and Erin looked around. A continent between them and Izril…
“Erin Solstice! To me! Fly! Face me, you wretched coward!”
Xarkouth burst upwards from the palace, flaming, as Norechl pursued the Dragonlords. Half had vanished, and the God of the Forgotten smoldered with their fire…but it turned to Erin too.
Tamaroth reached for Erin impatiently as Ryoka turned and stared at…nothing. She couldn’t see him. The ghost girl backed away as Gerial reached out for Tamaroth. His face was set, and the Silver-rank adventurer was turning to Ryoka as Tamaroth ignored him utterly. Gerial clung to Tamaroth’s arm—then cursed as he slid across the ground.
The God of Rulers kept moving. Cawe tangled with him, and they tried to hold him back, but they had no weight. He strode at Erin as she ran, not even bothering to eat them. His fingers reached for her arm.
“For what you have cost me, for your insolence, girl, you will suffer a while. I promise you that.”
Erin turned, fist raised, and Tamaroth’s hand closed on an arm. He brushed it aside impatiently—and then frowned as he pushed at an arm.
The woman whom the arm belonged to didn’t budge. She held it there and moved Tamaroth back a step as he turned to face her.
“I don’t know…where I am. Or who you are. Or what is going on. But I take that as unkind. I do not tolerate such actions wherever I stand, little man. Begone.”
Erin Solstice, Gerial, Cawe, backing away from Tamaroth, all looked as perplexed as the God of Rulers. Tamaroth reached out and touched an arm—which slapped his hand down. He blinked at his fingers. Erin blinked at the woman. She had two questions. The first was how she’d not been absorbed by the God of Rulers. The second was…
…Why was she naked?
The Agelum was staring around. She felt at her skin. She was as pale as could be, and she had odd, light blue veins. She was also, and Erin had to focus on this, buck naked.
“Where is this place? There’s no…there’s no air. It’s all half-real. There was a crack, and I followed it. Where am I?”
Then Erin and the others realized what had happened. Like the Drathian Border Fleet—the cracks in the deadlands were opening. This person had wandered in from the real world.
The Agelum looked at Erin, then at her kin. She was invisible to them. She felt…odd. And this man?
“Begone, little bug.”
He went to push her aside, and the Agelum caught that hand. The God of Rulers’ eyes flashed. Dead or not, body or not, even the [Time Mages] had no power against him. He knocked Razia’s hand away and reached for Erin.
