8.82 (Pt. 2)
Page 34
Five dead gods stared into that crack in the sky, uncomprehending. What was he doing? The Faerie King showed them all, pointing into the darkness of the afterlife as the ghosts turned. It was one of the Dragons who finally spoke, raising his voice amidst the shouting.
“I see it. I see it, now. This is the plague that threatens us once more? It is this you wished to show us?”
That head nodded, and the Dragon bowed. Slightly shamefaced—a courtier wrapped in the body he had assumed, rather than his full form.
“Your Majesty. We withdraw our complaint and beg the forgiveness of the Tuatha Dé. I see now that any object from that place would be—tainted. We take your warning to heart.”
His kin looked at him and then out.
Seamwalkers. They had many names, but they were all headed towards that crack in reality now. Clawing, drawing closer. And these were only the ones born of this world. At last…the court began to understand.
The Faerie King had a hand in a library’s worth of stories. A library without end, with shelves reaching up to the sky. Each book a thrilling story, a sad tale, an adventure of a million lifetimes.
A journey so long it preceded even him. He touched them all, and the possibly primate-based librarians could have organized every story by when he was there.
Oberon, in his many guises, across the many perspectives of him. The great warrior, the noble king, the petty immortal no better than those who came to his court. The inscrutable ruler of a dying land.
This moment—this Faerie King wrote an entry in countless stories. He pointed, and the worlds open to this moment, their representatives looked at the Seamwalkers of the Lost Realms. The rot of ages, doom of sanity.
The dead gods. The ghosts locked in strife and their own mortal frailty. As the young woman skidded into the room with the Wyrm, they caught a fragment of the Faerie King as he stood back.
He looked at the Wyrm and young woman, and one eye flashed with the heart of fall, the mischief of the fae.
Oberon…winked. Then he turned to his court of visitors. And Ryoka realized it really wasn’t about her after all.
Perhaps it was larger than even her. Like Cara, she was walking across an even larger stage for an audience of…
This was the day the Faerie King showed the gathered nations who had come for a drop of revival, resurrection, the death of worlds. This was the Faerie King’s trick, his warning to the realms who would heed it or fall screaming in their own time.
It was not about Rhisveri or Ryoka.
The guests of the Faerie King looked at each other, suddenly aware of how fragile the box of reality they existed in was. How hungry the things trying to get in were. They whispered stories, their own horrors. The slow ones finally picked up on the fact that no, they would not be bidding for the scroll. The Faerie King did not run auctions.
The Daoine Sídhe, the Tuatha Dé, whatever you wanted to call them, faeries, were laughing at them. A traveller from another realm with the light of the sun in his eyes bowed before Oberon. A god lifted a bow and a single arrow. Not in outrage, but supplication.
“Your Majesty. As you will it. Before this omen passes. I ask one thing.”
For they had seen the ghosts doing battle, the last stand and blight overrunning them. And the five dead things whispering their names as the fae denied them, shouting over their voices. The bright-eyed warrior’s eyes blazed with hatred. He met the Faerie King’s gaze, which twinkled as he waited.
“…May we offer one parting gift to this plague?”
