8.82 (Pt. 2)
Page 4
Erin burst out. Queen Marquin opened her mouth, and her brows came together. She looked around, and the rulers of Calanfer, all who had ever died and not been too debauched—and all those who had died anywhere but Rhir—gathered around Erin. Most had red hair, or had styled it like that, and they had gotten less warlike after Marquin. Only her bright blue eyes were the same, and maybe her nose, the jaw which was certainly not weak…
Queen Marquin frowned at Erin Solstice.
“I don’t have a daughter. My son is there.”
She pointed to King Centis, the second ruler of Calanfer, who was eying Erin with as much confusion as Marquin. Erin waved her hands.
“No! Sorry! I meant—your granddaughter?”
Marquin raised a finger and opened her mouth, and an old woman in her seventies gave Erin a suspicious look.
“…Cenizy? She was born nearly six thousand years ago.”
“No! I mean—your great, great…I know one of your descendants! A [Princess] of Calanfer! She’s my friend!”
Oh. The ghosts finally understood why Erin was so excited. Queen Marquin the Radiant, founder of Calanfer, hero of the Creler Wars…gave Erin the most blank look that the [Innkeeper] had ever seen in her life.
“You know a descendant of mine, whom I have never met. Very well.”
The young woman faltered. Yeah, when you put it like that—she saw Marquin’s impassive face twitch. Then the Radiant Queen grabbed Erin up in a bear hug and squeezed.
“Hahaha! Now there’s a coincidence! Then you are twice well-met, Erin Solstice. Come, vaunted rulers. Here is a girl who has a road back to life—have you nothing to give her besides indifference and scorn? She can be one of our ways to warn the living. Put aside your differences and help her. Where do you need to be?”
She swung Erin around as the [Innkeeper] yelped and found herself actually being held up by the giant woman. She was like—like—Lyonette, fussy Lyonette, was descended from her? Marquin was more like Jelaqua’s mom! Or…Erin Solstice saw one huge eye wink at her. Gerial and Cawe stared up at Marquin as well.
She was so cool. Even so, the other ghosts were unconvinced Erin was the person they should throw their last efforts behind. A ghost adjusted the sword he held as he stared into the dark waters.
“Even if she is a girl with a body—should she not cede it to one of us? I volunteer myself. Why would two of those six be after her?”
Marquin’s smile turned into a scowl as the rulers began to bicker again, half against stealing bodies, the other half arguing over whomst it should be. Erin copied her thunderhead expression—these were not great ghosts on the whole, and she was glad she’d gone to Chandrar instead of Terandria if this were what they would have been like.
Then a voice cut through the arguing royalty. Erin Solstice heard a familiar sound.
Wingbeats. She looked up and gasped, and Gerial smiled in relief. A gigantic ghost landed, scattering the rulers, some of whom shouted in instinctive alarm.
“Dragon! Dr—”
Xarkouth, the Dragonlord of Stars, the Void Dragon, landed, panting. His eyes flashed like the constellations, and he bellowed.
“I should have known that when the world ended, I would find Humanity here, arguing to the death! My kin fall from the skies and wait for the final flight, and the greatest Elf to walk the lands of the dead has fallen in battle. Here you are, without even the courage to aid a single ghost. Erin Solstice! You should be at Izril!”
“Xarkouth!”
Every head whipped from Erin to Xarkouth as Marquin strode forwards.
“Dragonlord. What is happening on the other continents?”
