8.82 (Pt. 3)
Page 1
He fired the arrow through the top of a curtain wall and left naught but melted stone. A [Palace Guard] on her rounds stared at the melted hole right in front of her face.
The horrified onlookers saw the King of Avel activating another function of the bow. Crisscrossing volleys of arrows followed the second shot. Then he was muttering.
“[Bound Skill: My Arrow Shall Not Stop].”
He put the bow up, and that Skill could put a hole through a mountain in the right hands. The legends told that the greatest archer of Avel, the [Princess] who had once held that bow, actually had—
 
——
 
Everyone in Avel saw the third glowing arrow cross the skies. [Farmers] looked up in alarm, and people stopped in the streets as they saw the gigantic arrows hurtling into the air.
“What’s going on? Is Avel under attack?”
They raced to the Mage’s Guild and got word from the capital. A [Mayor] ran through the streets, screaming.
“Everyone take cover! His Majesty of Avel is using the Bow of Avel and shooting arrows in every direction!”
A widow wailed as she grabbed for her children.
“I knew it! I knew he’d snap one day! Someone stop that maniac!”
Everyone assumed that the obvious had happened; their beloved [King] had gone off the deep end of his very short pool.
 
——
 
Itreimedes certainly looked insane. He was wild-eyed, head rotating left and right, and he was fighting his sister and his court for the bow. He kicked an elderly [Strategist] in the stomach.
“Let go of me! I command you!”
“Stop! Stop! What’s gotten into you?”
He was fighting like a lion, and the [King] roared and his court had to step back as he threw his aura at them.
“In the name of Avel, step back! I must loose arrows! Avel is in danger! The bow is calling me—if I don’t answer it, it will break as surely as this kingdom!”
He whirled as they halted, glancing at each other. A mental break? But the King of Avel was staring around.
“Where are my targets? Where…?”
The man whirled and put an arrow to his bow. He frantically searched as he loosed another shot.
“I’m running out of bound arrows. Bring me every enchanted arrow from the armory! Get me [Captains] who can boost my aim! Hurry!”
“Your Majesty…”
They weren’t sure what to believe. His voice was hoarse, and the King of Avel could not name what he was aiming at. But his voice rang with a terrible conviction. And the bow…
The bow was shining. The court looked at the King of Avel, and then one of the [Court Mages] did something very sensible. He cast a spell, looked at His Majesty, and slapped himself so hard he nearly dislocated his own jaw. When he picked himself up, the [Royal Advisor] grabbed him.
“What? What?”
The [Mage] pointed at the [King] of Avel with a trembling finger. The [King] himself paused, panting, fingers bleeding as he plucked at the string.
“He—His Majesty just leveled. Twice.”
The Level 36 [King of Bows] was now Level 38. In dead silence, the court looked at King Itreimedes. Any last doubts they might have that this was all some shared hallucination or madness was put to rest when they realized one thing.
King Itreimedes was loosing shots from his bow, and they hit the walls or unlucky birds, or even trees as he fired them dangerously low, or in odd places. But…
But no one could find where they had landed.
 
——
 
“There’s another one!”
The King of Avel—the first one, the founder, accept no substitutes—lowered his copy of the Bow of Avel and laughed. He saw another arrow burn into a Seamwalker. It flashed into existence, and the ghosts of Avel cheered.
“Whomever it is has terrible aim! Higher, higher! Get better arrows!”
