8.82 (Pt. 2)
Page 12
“Ah. The [Knight] of Izril. Order of Solstice. I have intelligence on him. He is a metallic warrior—one of the Melded classes. Our information suggests he is perhaps a Steelfur Gnoll. I suggest rusting his entire body. I can do it once battle begins.”
The Lucifen smiled at the idea. The other immortals nodded or shrugged. It was the smallest group of twelve people in wheelchairs who stirred.
“Azemith, say that again? Who is that Ser Solstice?”
Uzine, Gadrea, and the Agelum able to move had been wheeled into battle, and they were causing confusion on both sides as soldiers wondered if they were nobles who were unwisely positioned in the battle lines. Some senior [Knights] recognized their mentors or trainers, but still worried.
“I said…that is a metal Gnoll, Uzine. He’s more metal than flesh under that helmet, which explains his durability.”
Azemith snapped, re-reading the latest intelligence report from their [Knights] on Khelt’s ship. She looked at Uzine, and the frail-looking Agelum, hair so pale that it was white, sitting in the wheelchair with a single long axe in each hand, wearing light metal armor burnished bright…gave her an incredulous look.
Uzine’s multi-pupiled eyes focused on Ser Solstice, and Gadrea scratched at her chin. Both Agelum exchanged glances.
“…That’s not a Gnoll. That’s a Goblin.”
“Huh?”
The Agelum peered at Rabbiteater as Azemith did a double-take. Uzine nodded.
“That is a Goblin.”
“Are you certain?”
Even Visophecin was taken aback. He focused on Rabbiteater, but the [Appraisal] Skills and other spells didn’t work on him. Gadrea just narrowed her eyes.
“…I can see his eyes through that visor. Crimson. His face is green. That is a Goblin. One wearing armor and tricking everyone. Or maybe they know.”
She began to grin widely. Uzine actually stood up and walked over to a horse where some Agelum were mounting up despite their cousin’s objections. He swung himself into the saddle as the immortals muttered.
“A Goblin? Is it a trick?”
“We could unmask it. Not that it would do much other than embarrass the Order of Seasons.”
Visophecin himself was frowning as Ailendamus’ [General] began to give a speech. Perhaps it was better to keep the Goblin alive, then. Hadn’t Ryoka Griffin mentioned something about…?
Then he realized someone had broken the battle line. Someone was riding past the [General] of Ailendamus, calling out. That someone was a white-haired man sitting in his saddle, two axes held lightly in his grip.
“Uzine!”
Gadrea shouted, but it was too late. Before the Lucifen and immortals could call him back, the Agelum rode into the open between the two armies and shouted.
“Warriors of the Dawn Concordat. I challenge you. Send forth your highest-level fighter. I am Uzine of House Shoel!”
He rode forwards, holding one axe up, grinning that fearless smile of the invincible warrior. Visophecin covered his eyes.
Now he understood why Uzine had been so insistent. Lady Paterghost gasped in outrage.
“That fool! I was intending to—I shall reclaim him at once.”
She began to stride forwards, but the other Agelum stopped her. Visophecin motioned back the forces looking to him.
“No. Uzine has issued his challenge. He will never relent, and calling him back would cause an uproar. That fool.”
The Lucifen ground his teeth together. He was often annoyed or unpleasantly surprised by his cousin’s actions, but this…he could only wait and watch as the Dawn Concordat milled about and someone answered Uzine.
 
——
 
