8.82 (Pt. 2)
Page 23
“There. It would have been so easy had you died to that spell. Now, I must take Gilaw and Menorkel and the worthy and leave. You are as troublesome as Rhisveri claimed.”
Fithea watched as the Wind Runner gasped up at her. Ryoka’s body was screaming at her.
“You? You?”
Why? How? What had she done to Fithea? Anyone would have made more sense to Ryoka. Even Rhisveri or Visophecin.
But the petrified Dryad looked triumphant. No…that faded yellow light in her eyes grew bright, dangerous, and Fithea’s voice rose. The Dryad was…trembling. Her body was old wood, so old it had gone to stone and then been covered with moss and lichen. A parody of the bright being born of great forests.
She was the last of her kind. A Dryad who had despaired at ever seeing her people blossom, who had taken in other immortals. A lonely being who had craved even the memory of true earth magic in the obol.
So why was she smiling? She came forwards.
“You brought death here, Ryoka Griffin.”
“N-no. I…”
Then something about the way she said it caught Ryoka’s ears. Fithea said that word so longingly. The Dryad bowed her head.
“I have heard her voice. Faintly at first—then louder. Death whispers in my ear. A story so old that even the oldest forests only whispered it when I was a sapling. Yet Death walks this world again. The Maiden, the Mother, the Matriarch. Kasigna.”
Ryoka’s ears burned at that word. Did she just…? Ryoka flashed back to the gathering of the fae, Oberon’s warning. She felt a terrible dread creeping up her body. Her right hand hurt. She felt two fingers, burning.
“No.”
“Yes. There are things older even than I. And she has told me her return is nigh. For you, for your little life—she has sworn to return my kin. Nothing is beyond her.”
The Dryad was laughing and weeping tears like sap. She had gone mad. She had spoken to the Goddess of Death, strongest of the six, and been promised the souls of her kind. Rebirth.
Gilaw and Menorkel had no context for any of this. They only saw Fithea putting a finger on Ryoka’s body as the vines began cutting Ryoka apart.
“Fithea! Stop, stop!”
Menorkel tore forwards. The young man ripped the vines free, crying out in pain as they cut his hands. Fithea turned to him.
“Menorkel! Stop! She is bound for death!”
“Fithea…that’s a monster. Don’t listen to her.”
“Be silent. You are a mortal. You don’t know whom you speak of. She is a g—she is one of the…she is the—”
Fithea struggled with that word. Gilaw was hesitating, looking at Ryoka and her gentle, if stern mother. She had never seen Fithea like this; the Dryad’s legs were spattered with Ryoka’s blood. Menorkel tore Ryoka free of the coffin of vines, and Fithea looked at him.
“Menorkel, enough. My forests, my people—enough.”
“Fithea, I w—”
Ryoka saw a spire of earth hit Menorkel. A wall of the palace collapsed inwards, and she stared at the hole in shock.
“Menorkel?‘
“Meni?”
Gilaw croaked. Fithea looked at the gap in the wall and turned to Ryoka. She was shaking, now.
“My forest. Die for my forests, Ryoka Griffin. You are a traitor to the oldest powers.”
Ryoka Griffin felt sick. She looked at Fithea and shook her head. Her hand hesitated as she held the Faeblade.
“Fithea. The gods are dead. They must stay that way. This is wrong. Menorkel…what have you done?”
She aimed the Faeblade at where Fithea’s heart should be. The Dryad reached out—and the blade of concentrated light shattered at a touch.
“I will not be alone any longer. You are the wind in the trees, Wind Runner. I was the land itself.”
