8.82 (Pt. 2)
Page 3
“Ridiculous. I can see she isn’t fully dead—so what? One girl when all of our existences stand at stake? The Hundred Families are about to be erased! Here we stand, on the say-so of some little people claiming to be ‘Gnomes’ when they could be exceptionally short Dwarves…”
Someone stalked through the ranks of ghosts and slapped the [Prince] on the back of the head so hard that his circlet flew off. That strange [Queen] barked in his face.
“Enough whining! Don’t you remember? That’s the girl that Xarkouth spoke of! The Dragonlord who brought us news of other strongholds! Two of the six are coming after her? That’s reason enough to hear her out—or won’t you spit in the face of these monsters at the last?”
“I will slap them with a glove, but spit?”
A [Queen] looked horrified as she clutched her ruby-red dress she wore—no, wait. It was a pearl-white dress, just colored red because someone had stabbed her to death in it. The Queen of Calanfer rolled her eyes. She turned to Erin, and the [Innkeeper] blinked as the woman shouldered aside ghosts.
Even here…she stood out from the thousands of ghosts. She was one of the mightiest, and despite coming from a younger kingdom, they listened to her. Like the [Witches] that Califor had gathered, like Khelta, Nerrhavia, Velzimri, Elucina…here was one of Terandria’s legends. And Erin knew her. Or rather, she knew everything that had sprung forth from her deeds.
The woman put her hands on her hips and looked down at Erin. She had been wearing simple clothing fit for a casual day—now she wore glowing armor, battered from fighting and countless claw marks. She carried the memory of a sword that hurt the eyes, a second dawn.
“I am Queen Marquin, young woman. The first ruler of Calanfer, which stands to this day. And may be in danger of falling. But my kingdom stands, and so do we ghosts. How can we help you? What do you need?”
Erin Solstice gaped up at Marquin and boggled. She had not bowed to Khelt’s rulers at first; she had met the Immortal Tyrant, Nerrhavia, without so much as blinking in recognition. But…
“Marquin? Wait—as in the first queen of—I know Calanfer!”
“Yes, well. She is hardly the only ruler here. Greetings, young woman. I am the first [King of Keys], founder of Samal, the Kingdom of Keys.”
The man who had first spoken, with his weird armor of locks, brandished the keyblade and straightened importantly. Erin gave him a blank look.
“Uh…never heard of you. Hi?”
He wavered.
“But—Samal is still standing. I was assured of it. We are a paradise upon Terandria.”
“I’ve…heard of…nope. Cawe? Gerial?”
The two ghosts scratched at their heads. Gerial snapped his fingers a few times.
“Samal. Samal. Sammial? No, wait, that’s the son of House Veltras. It rings a bell.”
“I’ve heard of it maybe? Samal locks. Good shit. Tough as hell to pick. So that’s the [King] of the kingdom that makes them? Impressive.”
The [Pickpocket] Garuda blinked a few times, then gave the First King of Samal an approving look. He returned it with a look of horrified disappointment. A few other rulers called out hopefully.
“I am Avel’s ruler. Avel? Kingdom of Bows?”
“Desonis?”
“Lautiene?”
“Your kingdom was destroyed eight thousand years ago. No one cares or remembers.”
Queen Marquin of Calanfer’s expression was of a woman who was fed up with the pettiness of rulers even at the end of everything. She turned to Erin and saw the [Innkeeper] was agog, still.
“So you know my kingdom. What of it? We’re all ghosts here.”
“Yes—but I know—I know your daughter!”
