8.82 (Pt. 2)
Page 25
It could destroy an Archmage’s enchantments. The hardlight, which was useless against anything made of magic, was different from flame.
A burning, bright pink sword of flame shot out and touched Fithea’s chest. It burnt her body of old root and stone black in a second. Fithea gasped—then she shrieked.
“Fire? Fire—”
Ryoka Griffin saw the petrified stone refusing to burn. Then the flames found their way into a heart of wood deep in that body of stone. Proof that the Dryad was still there. That there was a seed of something glorious deep beneath the stone and death. The tears baked on Ryoka’s cheeks as the Dryad put up her hands.
Around Ryoka, the green world screamed, and Gilaw looked up as the Wind Runner stood there, flaming sword in hand. She saw an ashen body collapse. The Wind Runner fell to her hands and knees. She looked at what remained of the last Dryad. Then at Gilaw and Menorkel.
She would never forget how they stared at her. The Wind Runner got up to run away, to run to Rhisveri—then she stopped. She walked towards them.
“Gilaw. Menorkel.”
They flinched. Ryoka felt sick. She was shaking in horror. She felt that crack in the world and knew there was no time. Something was happening. In the distance, she heard more screaming as people saw the sky explode. Visophecin and Eldavin were fighting to the death.
But she stood there one second and knelt by the two. Looked into their eyes.
“I need to tell you something.”
Before she ran, the Wind Runner had to stay. She looked up and saw the trap closing.
The dead gods’ plans.
 
——
 
The Lightning Dragon had battled the Wyvern Lord in the skies for an hour. She didn’t know where Ressa was. She and the Wyvern Lord had fought each other, the monsters of the High Passes…
And when Rafaema looked in his eyes, she saw more than a monster. Not the same knowledge as another Drake, but an intelligence far too keen.
The young Dragon landed on a crag of rock melted by lightning and covered with ice. The Wyvern Lord roared a weary challenge to her as his pack watched.
“Enough. Why are we fighting?”
He hissed at her, and she looked at him with no knowledge. And yet…Rafaema saw how he warily circled her, hissing, staring at her. She realized—it was her.
Like when she and Cire had first met. This was his land. And she…she looked at the Wyvern and wondered if he were like her.
The Wyvern Lord watched suspiciously as a young Drake appeared, concealing her true nature. She held up her claws, and he inhaled warily.
“Stop. Here. Here. Will this do?”
Slowly, Rafaema took something from her belt and tossed it down. She offered him her sword. The Wyvern sniffed at the sword suspiciously, then growled at her. Rafaema hesitated—then she produced her bag of holding and emptied it onto the ground.
Gold pieces fell by the hundreds into a pile. The Wyvern’s eyes blinked at it, then at Rafaema. She waited—and it flicked a tongue out.
“No.”
A growl was her only answer. Rafaema stared at the Wyvern Lord and then slowly unbuckled her plate armor. She removed it and stood in her clothes, glaring at him. Then she tossed her vambraces, gloves…and the last five bottles of frozen healing potion down.
The Wyvern Lord considered Rafaema, then snorted. It gave her a wide, toothy grin, and she hissed at it. But then she warily changed back.
The Lightning Dragon and Wyvern Lord looked at each other, and he flapped a wing and went to inspect the spoils of his victory. She gave him a narrow-eyed look and slunk away. Just like when she and Cire had fought…
