8.82 (Pt. 2)
Page 26
Winner took all. But only possessions, not life. The two, Wyvern and Dragon, looked at each other and saw two of a different kind. He ducked his head uncertainly, and Rafaema flew down, painfully, but alive. They could find some common ground and respect.
Not elsewhere. When the first drops of blood fell, they wouldn’t stop until one or the other was dead. That was pride and rage and…
Hatred.
Rafaema heard a sudden sound ring out in the High Passes. It was a terrible roar that filled everything. Monsters ran; the Wyverns took flight in alarm. The Lightning Dragon spun. She dove, searching, calling for Ressa. Hurry—she followed the source of that sound. It shook the air. It was so familiar…the Dragon forced her torn wings to flap harder, fly faster. Everything in her soul was telling her—
Hurry.
 
——
 
Eldavin and Visophecin were killing each other. The Lucifen and Dragon were equally matched at first. Or so it seemed to the armies watching their duel.
Portals opened, spitting dark magic everywhere. The Lucifen was calculation and hidden traps, dark magic and order. Eldavin was elemental rage incarnate, endless spells firing, maneuvering as he flew across the battlefield.
Teleportation magic. The portal magic of the Lucifen, Eldavin was flying with fiery wings.
A glorious battle?
One of them would die. And with each second, the two grew more desperate, more vicious. Visophecin’s polite mask slipped as he was engulfed in flame. He walked out of it, burning, and Eldavin snarled as a hole opened in his side. But his body knit.
“That’s not regeneration magic. Something’s wrong with his body.”
The Lucifen were watching Visophecin fight. They were some of the few who could understand the scope of the magic. What they saw was the Dragon’s simulacrum. A beheading couldn’t kill him; he was healing, closing every wound.
Paxere was shaking with nerves.
“Is Visophecin—losing?”
That was inconceivable. Even Rhisveri had to use his true body to fight Visophecin. But the half-Elf was doing it. Uzine was letting Gadrea bandage his wounds, which refused to heal even with potions. The Agelum were watching grimly.
“He fights with more skill than even the Goblin King’s best [Mages] did. Who is he? Visophecin…he’s losing.”
“How?”
Gadrea just watched as Visophecin darted into another portal. Her eyes swiveled around at the watchers.
“—He’s in the open. He can’t drag this into his domain. You Lucifen fight better in your space. And he can’t reveal all his tricks here.”
In their pocket domains, in the places they owned. Visophecin was fighting with illusions on. But the greatest difference between the two were their bodies. Eldavin was healing. No—the center of it all was…
“His mana supply. How much power does he have? Only Rhisveri has more. And he is…”
Sophridel was wondering. They were all coming to a conclusion. Only a few beings could do this. Ryoka had told them that Eldavin was an immortal, like them. But this was…
The world split in two. Visophecin created a void which contracted into a hole in a moment, eating space. Eldavin dodged it and replied with a complex shower of [Valmira’s Comets] that changed angle, homed in on Visophecin, ricocheted—
The Lucifen walked like he was waltzing, twirling, knocking spells out of the air. His clothing was damaged, but he didn’t speak a word, just fought. Then—he stepped in the wrong place, and Paxere realized what Eldavin had done.
“No! He’s put him in the ritual spell! The one that got us!”
The Lucifen looked up as a pentagram traced itself on the ground. Eldavin came to a halt.
