8.82 (Pt. 2)
Page 5
“Baleros is gone. But you knew that. Drath is falling. Is it not time for the Gnomes’ plan yet?”
“Not yet.”
The Dragonlord uttered a curse that hovered in the air, spelling itself out and turning the air foul around it.
“—in a Wyverns’ craw—very well. Erin Solstice, I have word from Khelta. They are reaching Izril. But we barely escaped three of the six at sea. It seems we must prepare for battle. Rulers of Terandria, this girl must live. The [Witches] and royalty of Chandrar demand it. As well as the Gnomes and the Dragons. She is another blade of defiance, and it was she who blew that horn.”
The ghosts had been glaring at the Void Dragonlord, offended by his presumptuous demands. But that last bit—more than the people vouching for her, more than what Erin represented, changed their mood. A [King] turned to Erin.
“You blew that horn we all heard? How?”
“Um…I stole the horn. Sort of. From the dancing man.”
“You stole…? Wait. Are you some [Thief] of ages? That would be mete company.”
A [Queen] peered at Erin over a hand-fan shielding her face. Xarkouth looked amused as Erin hesitated.
“Um. No. I’m actually a…[Innkeeper]. A magic innkeeper, though.”
“An [Innkeeper].”
The First King of Avel’s face was completely blank, but Marquin just laughed, throwing her head back.
“Now there is a story. An [Innkeeper] who defies those six?”
She turned to Xarkouth, and he rumbled.
“It seems she has managed to make dread enemies of at least three. The faceless one, the bearded one, and the three-in-one all hate her with a passion.”
One of Desonis’ [Queens] bared her teeth.
“Now there is a fine quality. It seems this girl has good taste in enemies. By that standard, she is welcome in our number.”
Like that, Erin Solstice found herself in a gathering that grew as more figures flew downwards. She looked up…and her mouth went dry.
“Oh wow. Um, Xarkouth? Did you call your friends just to find me?”
For answer, the Dragon just snorted in amusement. His scales were as dark as space itself, but they shimmered as they caught the light. His eyes, mismatched like all Dragons’, were miniature constellations. He looked up, and his voice was soft as he raised his head.
“Now you sound as arrogant as Khelt’s rulers. They did not come here for you. This is just a fitting place for us.”
The rulers of Terandria backed away as figures began to descend. Each one was the brightest, realest of their kind flying across the waters. They came in every shade, some trailing their very natures behind them like the Djinni.
Fire, burning from the very wing beats of a Dragon who shined brighter than actual gold. Erin looked up, and her hair blew, and she felt a breeze across her face—a Dragon shot down like a comet.
The Dragonlords—and Dragonladies—the rulers of Dragons landed next to Xarkouth. Some were wounded. Some were missing. But the survivors descended, folding their wings, calling out greetings to ghosts they recognized, challenges to old enemies. Nodding to their foes, putting aside old grudges.
Not just Dragons. A Wyrm slithered out of the ground, baring her teeth as she gazed around. A Wyvern wearing a crown strutted into place. A Dragon scoffed at him as he passed and got a wing in the face. Erin saw more relatives she didn’t even have names for. Dragons of kinds from different mythologies, one like a snake, long, flying, a mane of beautiful hair blowing in the breeze.
