8.82 (Pt. 2)
Page 24
The earth opened up beneath Ryoka, and she fell towards a world of spikes, stakes of wood and stone. The wind dragged Ryoka up, but Fithea clapped her hands, and the wind—faded.
“You are not the only one who knows wind magic.”
Ryoka fell, screaming, and Gilaw grabbed her. The Human girl looked up into a gigantic beak as claws seized her. Two black wings opened, and Fithea shouted.
“Gilaw! Stop! Let her drop! Kill her!”
The Griffin hesitated, but she disobeyed her mother. Fithea pointed a finger at Gilaw as she tried to fly out of the palace. Gilaw stared with wide eyes. Ryoka croaked.
“Fithea. The door is open. Don’t…”
She saw the Dryad hesitate. That finger wavered—then Fithea fired a lance of wood through Gilaw’s wings. The Griffin screamed. Ryoka saw it. She grabbed the Faeblade.
“Fithea!”
Her scream was despairing. The Dryad watched her adopted daughter fall, and the ground opened to swallow them both. She was now weeping sap as red as blood from those hollow eyes. And her mouth was open. She was trying to smile.
“My home.”
A hand caught Gilaw before the ground could swallow them. Gently, a giant’s hand…a Titan, a young one, cradled Gilaw. Ryoka looked up, and her eyes went round.
Menorkel was crying too. But the other hand rose and struck Fithea. The entire palace shook. Ryoka saw Menorkel trying to lower Gilaw down—then the world exploded into root and vine. It raced up his entire body. The entire hidden wing of the palace was covered in green. It swallowed the Titan, and Ryoka saw Fithea emerge.
Her stone body was cracked, but the Dryad was unleashing her magic. It covered everything—a wave of green that ate into the palace, swallowed people.
“Fithea!”
Menorkel was being brought down by thorns and roots trying to strangle him and Gilaw as he shielded them. Ryoka leapt from the Titan’s arms. She flew towards Fithea. She had only the Faeblade in her hands.
“Fithea, the gate is open! The land of the Fae! Don’t do this!”
“The land of…”
For a second, the Dryad hesitated. She looked around, and that conviction wavered. But then she looked at her wards, immobilized, being choked, the palace she had helped build engulfed in leaves. When she looked at Ryoka, there was an insanity in her eyes.
“But that is me, and I will be alone, even if my kin are there. I was promised everyone. Death is kind.”
“She lies. Fithea. Don’t make me do this.”
Ryoka held the Faeblade in hand. Fithea just looked past her, at Menorkel, as a wall of red plants the color of the Bloodfields sprang up around Ryoka and her.
“Your sword can cut nothing of magic. Don’t cry, Gilaw, Menorkel. No one will die again. We will be Death’s chosen. Even Rhisveri is nothing compared to her. The day of her return will be soon.”
Ryoka looked at Fithea, and her own tears were running down her face. Fithea turned to Ryoka and aimed a finger at her, ignoring the Faeblade. She didn’t care for it; she had seen it break, and it was a thing of technology, not the Faerie King’s obol. She controlled the wind, the earth, and she was a spellcaster second only to Visophecin and Rhisveri.
She looked at the bright pink light of the Faeblade. Then the yellow glow of her eyes flickered in confusion.
“What is…?”
The Faeblade ignited. It was not light which sprang from the handle. It was…fire. All the heat in the world, maybe plasma. Maybe just directed flame.
Ryoka had changed the output of the Faeblade according to the manual. The creators had designed it to kill any number of threats. Now it spat heat, and heat, mere flame, was worthless in space unlike light. But in this world…
