8.83
Page 11
“You don’t die either, strange cloth-girl. We get little Mrsha. Hey! Stupid small Goblins! Shaik isn’t here. Go sit in the wagon. You, you, you—”
She pointed at the Goblins marching with the Fellowship of the Inn. Goblins stared up at her. Rasktooth, Gothica…in fact, Ulvama even pointed at a few Antinium.
“You. You. You. All go sit. You all have bad class. Bad fighting. Go sit.”
For reply, one of the Antinium, Infinitypear, shook his head, and Rasktooth grinned.
“We fight! Even Raskghar get stabbed in feet and die.”
Ulvama glared at him, then at another Goblin. Grass Shell pretended not to notice her finger. Gothica? Gothica gave her the middle-finger.
“Make me.”
The timeless retort of a [Goth] Goblin. Fierre grinned nervously as she rode with Salkis, who was checking her daggers, and Gna, worriedly doing likewise with her gear.
What a strange group. Normen and Alcaz jogged alongside Pivr, who was rapidly speaking as he looked up for a sign of Snapjawt.
“I understand we are about to die. When do I remove my hat?”
He adjusted the little cap they’d given him, and Normen laughed.
“When it feels right, Pivr. A fellow knows when the hat comes off. It’s been…a pleasure.”
Alcaz nodded, and Pivr glanced at them.
“Yes, well, neither of you are going to die. You must introduce your concepts to my Hive. That is an order. I am a Revalantor, just like Bird.”
Badarrow was craning his neck too. Xeu, almost unseen, scuttled next to Touma the Great, who was determinedly munching on some berries. He offered some to her, and she ate from one palm. Then to The Crimson Soldier, who waved them off.
What a strange band. Apista landed on Bird’s head as the Antinium looked up. Bird gazed about and said the thing no one else was saying.
“I think we are going to die. I would prefer not to, but I have enjoyed your company. Even you, Pivr.”
The Fellowship of the Inn looked at Bird, and Pivr stared at him as Numbtongue closed his eyes. The [Bard] looked at Garia and Fals as the two City Runners slowed.
“You should go with Octavia. Bird is right. For once.”
“I am? I am. Yes. You do not have to go into battle.”
No one moved. Garia was gulping, but it was Salkis who retorted.
“We all agreed to save that little Gnoll kid. No one’s backing out. Death or glory or both. Let’s do this.”
Numbtongue sighed, and Ulvama pretended to go to sleep. The [Shaman] turned her head away so no one would notice her face. Numbtongue just looked at the Goblins, Antinium, and other strange people. Each one had a future. Dirtmouth, Goblins who hadn’t made something of themselves yet, Antinium lacking a name…
They had journeyed across Izril, further than most of their kind would ever go. No—not even Klbkch had gone as far. They had run with the Titan of Baleros. Now, they were joining a civil war.
The army of the Forgotten Wing and Fellowship of the Inn and Gnolls reached the Meeting of Tribes just before midday. What they saw was chaos.
Gnolls struggling against each other in vast clashes, drawing back…they had lots and lots of horses, but the center of it was that push towards the hill. The rippling earth showed [Shamans] trying to change the elevation itself.
The corpse of the Earth Elemental was a backdrop to the howling. Numbtongue looked into that sea of bodies for a white Gnoll. Perorn just lifted one hand.
“Forgotten Wing Company! Gnolls of Izril! Prepare to charge!”
