8.83
Page 29
Her voice was a crackling whisper from the clouds above. Then the lightning began to fall, striking the walls, forcing Drakes into cover. A few unwise fliers rose up and fell, burning. The magic on Zeres was returning, though, and tracers of magic, invisible to all but [Mages], were locking onto Amerys.
Then the wall spells began to fire. Magical arrows, plumes of magic, and anti-flier spells designed to strike at the same speed Amerys was flying began to crisscross the air. In response, the Archmage of Chandrar began to step faster, dodging the deadly spells.
Some splashed across a barrier of magic around her, but she was dodging, flashing across the sky. This…
This was familiar. The Archmage of Chandrar was laughing. She could not do this long. She knew Khelt’s fleet was moving upriver, out of direct range of Zeres. She just had to buy them…
The towers were the greatest threat. One was projecting lines of [Dispel Magic] across the air like a net. If she ran into that—
Amerys’ magic flickered a moment as she passed through one of those spells. She dived, recovering herself, and then remembered.
She needed an army not for the spells, but for—
The Drake [Archers]. They had a bead on her, and their Skills were far more unpredictable than magic. Amerys saw a group aiming for her and braced.
Then a meteor struck the walls, and Vizir Hecrelunn descended. The horrified Drakes looked up into the bright red light of the Revenant of Khelt. He did not step like lightning; he flew, and the spells that tried to strike him down vanished as he created a dead space of magic.
“Ahaha.”
A wide, incredulous smile filled Amerys’ face. There he was. Just like Eldavin—a legend not meant for this day and age. A being on par with any Archmage…no, beyond them.
Beyond her? That barrier was beyond any spell she knew, and as she watched, he pointed and sent a meteor streaking down to strike a tower. As simply as she threw lightning. Two [Mages] of different kinds and eras regarded each other. Amerys called out first, her voice teasing.
“Great Revenant of Khelt. Shall we compete at spellcraft? For a legend of Khelt—is that all you’ve got?”
For all his magic, Hecrelunn was patently uneasy as Zeres’ defenses threatened to overwhelm his barrier. Amerys or Hecrelunn alone might burn in the minutes they needed to buy. Together?
The [Vizir]’s chin rose, and his eyes flashed. He replied as the two flew over Zeres, raining spells down.
“Woman, the [Vizir] Hecrelunn will match you in magic. He will surpass you in every other conceivable way.”
His gaze was that of a dead man sneering down at the world. He had magic to equal any Archmage of today. And he was a [Vizir]. Amerys’ laughter was the lightning bolts raining down from the sky. Wild and sad.
Look what we’ve forgotten. Look at me, Zeres. She struck them a hundred times in a minute. But the Drakes just shouted up defiance. And their army…Amerys’ head turned. She could not see them, but she felt the sea marching onto land. A wave of scales and armor. The Archmage bared her teeth in sympathy for the Gnolls. The Drakes had reached the Meeting of Tribes.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: These three chapters are actually one chapter as written but I have split them up like last time for clarity’s sake. Read on.
 
 
Razia vs the Gods by Lanrae!

 
Skinner by AbsoluteZero!
 
 
Mrsha Sending by HolyChicken!


Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/q_thebird
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/quintenthebird










 

