8.83
Page 10
“Are you a military officer?”
“I am a [Revalantor] of the Free Antinium.”
Perorn chewed on this a moment. Then she shook her head briskly, somewhat reminiscent of a horse tossing its head.
“…I don’t know Antinium command. Moreover, Niers described you as the most rogue element of all. Follow my directives.”
“But I beat Niers at chess.”
Bird pointed out, slightly upset. Perorn eyed him.
“That is not a measure of your battle ability.”
“Oh. I suppose this is very factually true. I withdraw my objection.”
She handled Bird with facts and logic. Indeed, even the other students had a different reaction to her. Wil looked like he was going to puke—again—from nerves. Peki flew down to report.
“That’s Yerra’s dirt fort. Still fighting. Lots of Gnolls clashing on lowlands, Professor.”
Perorn nodded rapidly.
“Then we aim for that. Numbtongue’s irregulars towards the hill unless the fighting line changes. Merrik, Wil—keep our infantry in a wide wing. Hold and screen our allies; don’t push in far. Try to draw them out. We can spread out the battle lines, and it’s to our advantage. Weatherfur’s known for cavalry; I’d prefer to maneuver.”
“Yes, Professor.”
The two nodded. Perorn pointed at Peki.
“I need you in the air for scouting.”
“Not fighting?”
“No; there are almost no fliers in our forces, but the Drakes have flying elements. Stay above and give me a battle picture apart from my Skills. I may need you to drop on enemy groups, but you are to hit and run, Peki. Three Skills maximum and then you are escaping. Understand?”
“Yes, Commander!”
Peki saluted. Perorn nodded as three of the four students relaxed slightly, understanding where they had to be and what to do, even broadly. Perorn trotted over to a final figure.
“Venaz, you’re in the vanguard. Venaz—don’t be an idiot!”
“Professor! I have done nothing today that merits disapproval.”
The Minotaur drew himself up, frowning at her as he put a hand on his diamond greatsword. In response, Perorn grabbed one of his ears and pinched.
“I know that. I am telling you in advance because this is not a practice battle. This is not a moment for you to duel the enemy captain. You take no risks—you do the most damage or good soldiers die. This is me shouting at you now because I cannot waste time in battle. Don’t be an idiot. You’ve been warned. Understand?”
“Yes, Professor.”
The Minotaur, who was known for questioning even Niers, saluted her briskly and covertly rubbed at one ear as she trotted away. Perorn looked over her shoulder once.
“…Prepare for combat. We have to make an impact now and either resolve the battle or pull forces back. The Drakes will be upon us soon. We could very well face the Duelist’s Demise: we win only to lose the true battle.”
Every head turned, and Numbtongue looked at that line of Drakes again. Drakes…coming to kill all the Gnolls? Not every army put it like that, but the Goblin knew what he thought of their promises. His skin was cold.
Get Mrsha. He was supposed to be her big brother. The Hobgoblin ran a bit faster and looked around.
Bird was riding on the wagon next to Ulvama and Octavia. The [Alchemist] was frantically trying to make one more potion before they got there.
“Just…just stay safe. Okay? If you can grab Mrsha, go for it. I’ll get out of here. Fals is staying with me, and I’m an [Alchemist]. No one kills [Alchemists]. We’re known to explode. Okay.”
Ulvama looked at Octavia and, surprisingly, pulled the [Alchemist] into a big hug that squished Octavia.
