8.83
Page 27
“That is—the [Vizir] is capable of anything. However—”
“Amerys. Join him.”
The King of Destruction’s head turned, and a woman floating in the air and watching the ghosts looked up. A [Necromancer] nearly swooned into Yvlon’s arms. Pisces looked from Hecrelunn to Amerys.
“Did he just say—?”
Did Flos Reimarch just order Amerys to attack Zeres a second time? Both great [Mages] turned to Fetohep.
“We cannot just fly at the walls alone. I tried that last time. I need a siege or they’ll take me out.”
Amerys pointed out in a reasonable voice as she floated over to Fetohep. The King of Khelt was still pointing at Zeres…now he looked somewhat silly.
Somewhat, but Trey had an uneasy feeling as he watched Fetohep. The Revenant King was smiling. He was always physically smiling with his emaciated face—but he was smiling. On a hunch, Trey backed away and stood behind Gazi. He peeked out from behind the Gazer as Fetohep addressed Amerys.
“You will have an opening. Strike their walls until we are out of range. The Walled Cities may try another tack—but as long as our fleet is safe from danger until we disembark, that is long enough. They may try what they will, then.”
“Interesting. Get me an opening and I’ll greet them again.”
The Archmage of Chandrar’s eyes flashed. Fetohep just nodded.
“You may wish to begin flying.”
She did a double-take as Hecrelunn rose into the air. Both turned to Fetohep, but he was still pointing…
At Zeres. Now, everyone caught a trace of something in his voice.
“…ts…Trey Atwood. Attend me.”
The young man hesitated, but Fetohep was beckoning urgently with his other hand, and the young man stood next to Khelt. Now he felt it. He heard it too, but Fetohep just addressed him as if they were in his palace, looking over his city.
“Tell me, Trey. You see Zeres?”
The City of Waves was wide; it embraced the tide, like a many-fanged trident. Towers rose, threatening destruction, and the port could hold multiple fleets. Trey hesitated as he saw multiple gates that could be sealed; they were open for now, ready to disgorge more ships.
“Yes, Your Majesty?”
“Consider the towers.”
Each one was different. Trey looked at them; one looked almost scaled, built in mimicry of Drake scales. Another was like a hissing head of a serpent. Each one was glowing with spells. Fetohep sneered at Zeres.
“…en th…tell me, Trey. Which tower offends your sensibilities most?”
Trey saw every head turn to Fetohep. He hesitated.
“I, uh—”
“Any one. Tell me. [Op…”
Trey looked at Fetohep. Then he pointed at the one like a snarling serpent and clung to the railing. Fetohep’s smile didn’t change, but his golden flames grew brighter.
What was he doing? Everyone edged closer, and even Ksmvr forgot his terror of water to approach. Now…they heard it. Fetohep had been breaking off to speak to Trey, but that pointing finger…it was a low mutter, so fast that it had been lost in the background.
“[Open the Vaults]. [Open the Vaults]. [Open the Vaults]. [Open the Vaults]. [Open the Vaults]. [Open the Vaults]. Openthevaultsopenthevaultsopenthevaultsopenthevaults—”
He was…using that Skill again and again. But why was he doing it so much? And no one had seen anything appear. So wh—
Trey looked up. His bladder tried to empty itself. Slowly, the [Hero] of Zethe gazed upwards. He stowed his sword. Alked Fellbow lowered the relic that Fetohep had given him. He could probably hit Zeres from miles and miles away…but he had a feeling he wasn’t going to need to.
