8.84
Page 2
Her voice trickled through the camps, into the ears of a group of chained figures. They snuffled, broke off from smelling all that death and whining to their battered leader. They looked up warily, and the worst of them, Nokha, opened her eyes in her cage of metal and grinned.
 
——
 
The Stitch Witch was reversing the battle, occupying Torishi’s forces as the Drakes came at them from behind. Yet—
How could you look at her and not wonder what you were doing?
The Plain’s Eye tribe kept fighting, and Az’muzarre was with them. They were both willing to make a pact with the [Witch]. But Adetr Steelfur saw other tribes breaking away. Pointing at Belavierr in horror.
Many simply saw Fissival’s and Salazsar’s armies and knew. They were abandoning the fighting, turning.
Such a large army. And to the west…Manus. The Drakes were moving in, and they could wipe out the Gnolls. Kill everyone.
What was he doing? What was…
“Iraz! Chieftain Iraz!”
Adetr found his [Chieftain] at last. His mentor, his goal, and the Gnoll who had let him down when Adetr expected more, was standing, no longer fighting. Staring at Belavierr.
Iraz’s eyes were uncertain. That conviction, normally as tough as the metal of his fur, was wavering. Adetr charged at him, and the [Chieftain] met Adetr in the center of his tribe.
Adetr was alone. But he had fought through Steelfur to Iraz. They had…parted for him. Now, the younger Gnoll struck his [Chieftain] as he charged into him. Iraz grabbed Adetr’s arms as his axes rose, and the two were struggling.
“Adetr.”
“Chieftain Iraz. How could you do this? Can’t you see what Xherw’s done? Are you blind? Can’t you see what’s fighting on your side?”
The [Vanguard of Metal], the [Battle Seeker], shouted at Iraz. The Chieftain was silent; his arms trembled as he threw Adetr left. He drew his axe as the other warrior whirled, but he didn’t raise it and strike. He just looked at Belavierr…and the Daemon standing behind Xherw.
“Steelfur has been Plain’s Eye’s friend. If we’ve followed that lie—we’re all lost. Tradition is lost. Gnolls are lost.”
His paw shook as he lifted a shield in the other hand. His nephew snarled at him. Adetr pointed to the Chieftains’ gathering tent, half on fire.
“We have a future. Everything is changing, Chieftain—but look! They’re coming. Drakes. This is the end of our people, and Steelfur stands here, fighting our kind! We should not be here! Chieftain—”
Iraz had Adetr’s arm as Adetr raised a paw to strike him. The [Chieftain] of Steelfur held Adetr as the warrior wavered. Adetr closed his eyes, knowing he wasn’t Iraz’s equal. He’d said his piece.
He opened one eye as he realized his throat wasn’t being crushed by an axe. Iraz stared at Adetr—then his eyes travelled across the distance to Fissival. Up towards the Wyverns preparing to rain spells down from above.
Without a word, Iraz let go of Adetr. He looked around at his warriors, who had abandoned their positions fighting Gaarh Marsh, Weatherfur, their hunt for Doombearers. Iraz’s head lowered, and the [Chieftain] seemed…smaller than Adetr remembered. He looked up at Adetr, and the younger Gnoll realized he was taller than Iraz.
Adetr had always felt smaller. He looked for that bastion of wisdom, the perfect leader, and saw only a frightened Gnoll so deep in his mistakes he couldn’t admit it. A young battle leader who’d committed to the wrong point and held there as good people died.
