8.84
Page 3
They gazed at each other and knew they would never go back again. But Iraz slowly let go of Adetr and turned. He took a metal horn from his belt and blew it. The brass wail was unlike any horn, and his tribe looked up. Slowly, Iraz pointed.
“Steelfur. Steelfur—there. There, and there alone we fall. The Drakes will not have our people. Follow me. Follow—Adetr?”
His voice faltered, and the Gnoll looked at Adetr Steelfur. The [Battle Seeker] raised his head—and pointed an axe forwards.
“Follow me!”
The Steelfur tribe turned as one, breaking from the battle with their kind. They raced west, forming a barrier as more Gnoll tribes left. They faced Manus, and Adetr looked at a vast army. His tribe was wounded. Iraz stood beside him.
“Adetr…you have seen this battle before. Can we win?”
The [Battle Seeker] had played this battle in his mind, put armies against Manus’ might. He looked right and left.
“I—I did. But—we need the Steelsoul to go with you in the center. Manus will try to surround us. We must strike their officers, but they’ll be spread out. Where’s Shaman Geith? He must cast a [Chameleon] spell on…”
“Dead.”
Adetr stopped. The plans and simulations faded from his mind. He looked at Iraz and remembered now.
The cost of winning, even if they ‘won’. Adetr looked at Manus, and his class trembled. He had dreamed of this battle. Now he was here?
He did not want this. This was the nightmare from which there was no waking. Iraz took Adetr’s shoulder.
“Focus, Adetr. You have to focus. Unless they’re pushed back, we will all die or be captive.”
The [Vanguard] looked at his [Chieftain] and then broke out of his stupor. He began to give orders as, in the distance, Gnolls streamed towards Fissival. Then he saw Salazsar maneuvering into position and remembered Zeres was not far behind.
Three Walled Cites upon the plains. Adetr felt a dread certainty. But he looked into Iraz’s eyes and took his [Chieftain]’s shoulder.
“This is where I wanted to be.”
Adetr’s head rose, and he sighed as they turned to face the City of War. He knew that when he slept, he would no longer have his class. He would not dream of battle after this. He raised his axe and howled.
 
——
 
Manus was coming from the west. Fissival and Salazsar, from points to the east and south. Zeres was also marching from the south, blocking Oteslia.
Five Walled Cities had an army on the field, though Manus, Fissival, and Zeres were the largest by far. But there was actually one last group of Drakes that represented the final Walled City.
Pallass did have [Soldiers] at the Meeting of Tribes. They were arraying themselves now, actually. All one hundred and twenty of them.
They were, in fact, the same group that had escorted the Raskghar here from the City of Invention. Chaldion had ordered a detachment to stay in the area, and when everything had gone down, he had told [Major] Etella Doscale to avoid clashing with the Gnolls. Even surrender if they had to—but be here.
Here…facing Fissival and Salazsar, who were literally over a thousand times the number of Etella’s force. The Drake looked at a single line of Drakes with spears and another of [Archers]. She had eighteen Drakes armed with alchemical flasks. Two [Mages]. Fissival had more siege weapons than she had soldiers.
But her orders had come from none other than the Cyclops of Pallass. The [Grand Strategist] of the Drakes. She was, in fact, talking to Chaldion right now.
