8.84
Page 8
A patch of space, the grass Mrsha was running across, began to shimmer with the same spell that had once made the Bloodfields. Numbtongue tossed the guitar aside, and Reiss, the Goblin Lord, took over.
Five [Deathbolts] hit Ulcreziek, and the [Shaman] barely flinched. He was the center of his tribe’s magic. The power of the greatest tribe in Izril ran through him. Nothing could stop his spell.
Nothing except for the buzzing sound that made Ulcreziek flinch instinctively. Nothing save for the little bee, flying towards his face. The [Shaman] ignored Apista. His body was protected by great magic. All she had was a single enhanced stinger.
And a Naq-Alrama needle buried in the tip. Apista landed on Ulcreziek’s face and stung his eye.
The Gnoll screamed as she stabbed his mortal eye. The spell went wild as Apista flew away.
Got him! Thanks for buying me time, everyone. The most dangerous member of the Fellowship saw the [Shaman] whirling, a bloody socket and pale eye staring at her. She felt a spell blast the air—
Mrsha turned her head as her death once again failed to come. Her faithful protector…she sensed the little bee, often forgotten. That brave, silly buzzing bee who stole Palt’s cigars. Then fire. Then—Mrsha looked around.
Apista?
 
——
 
The Ashfire Bee woke up on the ground. The [Shaman] was fleeing, his magics torn in half, arrows buried in his flesh. All because of her. She had been hit. She felt…pain.
But she got him alright. The Ashfire Bee scrambled up. She fanned her wings. Too many people around her. Too many feet. She took off—
And fell. Huh? Apista slammed into the ground rather than taking off. She crawled around, but she couldn’t turn her head. Something…she felt scorched. She fanned her wings and felt movement on only one side.
One of her wings was burnt off. And her legs…Apista tried to move her right side and realized that was why she couldn’t crawl.
Dimly, the bee realized what had happened. Oh. Oh…I got hit. She looked around for her boon companions, but they were fighting somewhere else. All she saw were Gnolls, feet…
One smashed the ground in front of Apista. The Ashfire Bee realized she wasn’t going anywhere. A body fell, bleeding next to her in the mud.
She thought she’d lost her stinger too. Apista could have used a cigar for the pain. She crawled forwards and stopped. No—no. Weakly, one antenna rose and flicked in a salute. She felt satisfied. The little white cute girl was safe. Mrsha was safe.
I did it. Mission accomplished, boys and girls. Bring her home.
She collapsed into the darkness as a Gnoll’s foot descended. Then someone stabbed the foot, and the Gnoll screamed. Blood rained down on Apista, but a pair of little grey hands grabbed her up.
“Rasktooth, danger, danger!”
Infinitypear loomed over Apista as a little Cave Goblin grabbed the bee up. Bewildered, Apista saw a grinning face. Crimson eyes and grey-green skin.
Only a Cave Goblin would have noticed something so small as her in the fighting. Rasktooth snatched Apista up and ran as Infinitypear jabbed with his spear, trying to keep the Gnolls back.
“Got bug! Infinitypear, run, run!”
The two scampered for it, the [Adventurer] and amateur [Cook]. A duo made in…Apista felt Rasktooth feeling at her urgently.
“Bad hurt. Give potion.”
The Antinium helped pour a vial over the bee, and the two looked around. The Fellowship of the Inn was in chaos.
“Where do we go, Rasktooth? I cannot see Revalantor Bird. We must run with Mrsha. Where is she?”
