8.84
Page 0

Drakes crossed the water line. The old peace that had lasted forever broke with the marching of boots. The burning fires…and a cold promise in metal and magic.
The armies of the Walled Cities had reached the Meeting of Tribes at last. What did the Drakes see as they arrayed for battle, deploying in the Orb Sanctus formation? Fissival deployed nigh on a mile from the edges of the fighting. They adopted a strange, circular formation that consisted of multiple spheres in which an artillery piece or [Mages] were placed. Protecting their powerful spellcasters behind ranks of traditional Drake spears and wand-carrying infantry.
The City of Magic was here at last. After delays, an unexpected defeat from parts of their forces…they had arrived.
Wall Lord Dragial’s scales were turquoise mixed with what might have been pearl. An unusual effect that was the product of magic affecting him as a child. It was enough for a handsome Drake, and the scars he had taken in battle only added to that as he strode forwards in mage’s armor, a high-collared cloak with Fissival’s crest on his back.
A disgraced Wall Lord who had been exiled from the City of Magic—leading their army. Fissival had long denied he was receiving any funding or support from his home after they had expelled him for attacks on Drake cities and Gnoll tribes in his pursuit of Lehra Ruinstrider.
Now, his presence at the head of the army, flanked by three [Generals], and the cheers from the [Soldiers] as he stood on a magical dais which amplified his magic and protected him, put the lie to rest for good. The Wall Lord raised his claws, waving as if he were on parade. Then his eyes locked on the Meeting of Tribes.
“I can see that [Witch]’s magic. That damned Earth Elemental is down, and they’ve exhausted their magic. Wonderful. [Generals], prepare to bombard the Gnolls.”
“Which targets, Wall Lord?”
One of the Drakes looked uneasily at Dragial. He gazed blankly towards the fighting.
“Order the Mage Throwers to target the clusters of Gnolls fighting. Our Wyverns will strike from above at maximum range. Tell Manus to flank the Gnolls; they will pivot if they don’t keep tearing each other to pieces. Salazsar may wish to spread out their advance.”
He glanced to the east, where the City of Salazsar’s smaller army was moving right next to Fissival’s. That Wall Lord Ilvriss had objected to his approach, but he had gone silent. Perhaps he saw now the truth Dragial had learned: when the dust settled and when you were on the back foot, the lesser peoples complained and made their petty gestures.
When it mattered—the real Drakes acted. This? Dragial looked into the Meeting of Tribes and tried to find the Stargnoll, his enemy.
This was the end of it. He began to speak, as, in the distance, Gnolls looked up. The first advent of Fissival was that army in the distance, four hundred thousand strong. A collective of cities. Then the shadows in the sky.
 
——
 
“Wyverns! Badarrow! Perorn—Wyverns everywhere! [Mages]!”
Snapjaw was screaming through the speaking stone. Perorn’s blood ran cold, but she could barely answer as she raised her bow.
“How many?”
“Hundreds—”
The Centaur looked up and saw them. Her lips moved as she remembered her intelligence report on the Walled City’s forces.
Wyverns. Their answer to Griffins when they fought Terandria and the North. Perorn began to give rapid orders.
“Wil, redeploy your front! Tell Torishi to pivot—pivot now! Fissival is going to bombard this entire position! The Plain’s Eye tribe has to do the same or they’ll hit us with spells until no one is alive!”
