8.84
Page 26
Alone, the King of Khelt turned and looked at the army of Drakes. He gently tossed the skull into the waters.
“—You have expended your worthless little spells. Allow me to remind you why the Walled Cities fell. Did you not hear me? Are you deaf? I said, I am Khelt. My armies know no end.”
The notes of despair fell away from Fetohep’s body. He adjusted the crown on his head. His golden eyes grew again.
Foolish Drakes. The cheering stopped as Fetohep lifted one hand.
“Come to me, Khelt.”
Then Pisces saw it. The genius of the King of Khelt. Why he had striven so hard to take the army with him across the sea. Because he had surely read history books in his long life. He knew exactly what the Drakes would do, so he forbade the living to join him.
An army destroyed in an instant. An army…of undead. Pisces looked into the crater of magic and wondered how much power the Walled Cities had just thrown at Fetohep. And all of the magic in that army of the undead? Enough to keep them moving, to generate more undead by their presence?
How much had those idiots just unleashed? Pisces felt the answer.
His bones began to shake.
Ceria Springwalker looked down at her skeletal hand.
“Uh—Pisces? What’s happening?”
It was twitching, the fingers writhing against her control. She gripped it with her other hand as the Revenants sighed. Their glowing eyes shone brighter, like little stars. For answer—Pisces just pointed.
“Dead gods. He’s making it. I thought they were just legends.”
Vizir Hecrelunn sneered down at Pisces.
“They were legends. We wrote them. Gaze, mortals, at the magic of true necromancy. King Fetohep of Khelt is opening…the Graven Passage.”
Then it rose from the ground. From the ashes and bones of the army. Pisces saw a twisting arm of bone rise in a single arch—then another. Then dozens more, criss-crossing each other. He beheld an ancient structure that traced itself out of ivory.
Rising higher. Higher. A thousand paces wide. A dais of bone. Behind Fetohep of Khelt, the Graven Passage rose. A…copy of one across the world.
How much magic, how many undead were sacrificed to make it? An army’s worth. Tens of thousands. But what—what did it do? The Walled Cities were panicking. But they had already used their trump card.
The Graven Passage opened. Pisces saw a deep, lurid green portal open, a magic connection linking two continents. Something that only undead could pass through without harm.
Then…then he heard the triumphant horn.
As the Necromancer of Terandria sat back in his chair, trying to find his jaw from where it was probably lying on the floor.
As those arrogant Drakes stopped, the self-indulgent cheering catching in their throats—
Then came the true armies of Khelt.
A thousand undead skeletons armored in plate and burnished gold came marching through the portal and struck their shields like thunder. They passed by the King of Khelt, then another thousand. Then riders, streaming through the doorway without end. A skeletal horse stopped, and Fetohep of Khelt mounted it and raised his halberd. The army of Zeres wilted as the undead poured out of the Graven Passage.
Fetohep of Khelt spoke.
“Now, Walled Cities. I shall answer your every insult a hundredfold. Khelt—bring death to Izril!”
His army surged forwards, ignoring the arrows and javelins that struck their bodies. For every one that fell, there were a hundred more. Rasea Zecrew laughed as she took the Illuminary forwards. Then Pisces realized:
This was the last battle.
He looked for Erin Solstice or whomever it was who had stolen her body. Ksmvr drew his blades.
