8.84
Page 23
Chaos. That was what Belavierr was drawing upon. She was giggling, but also speaking. Negotiating with the rasping Raskghar.
However—even she could see that danger was coming her way. The Gnolls were one thing. The Drake with the alchemy bottles another.
But who was that?
“A…ghost?”
The [Witch] turned as a ghost possessing a body raced through the army. She flicked her fingers to block a shower of spells.
“Belavierr, enough!”
Az’kerash raged in her ears, but the [Witch] saw no reason to relent. She was gaining what she desired.
“Sacrifice. Pay me my fee, Raskghar. I have been the enemy of Roshal. There is no chain I cannot break. Pay me and I will give you what you want.”
She breathed, and in her cage, beaten, but grinning with dreadful hope, Nokha growled.
“Safe place. For me. My Raskghar. Take payment from them.”
“Interesting. Then give me eight. Willingly. For eight years. Or give me your gift. Or give me something else.”
A grin on Belavierr’s face. Gnolls heard her speaking and tried to stop her, but she was proof against lesser weapons. Nokha growled.
“Not me. Eight…eight. You!”
They were arguing. Belavierr rolled her eyes as she listened to the Raskghar arguing. She ignored the arrows striking her. The [Witch] frowned only when she sensed…something coming for her. A real foe. She glanced around then gazed at a strange being.
“What is…that?”
Wrymvr the Deathless roared as he rampaged through the Drakes. As odd as…Belavierr twisted her neck left, right, unnaturally far, and then halfway around. The cracking of her bones and tendons made the air pop.
“Eight! Eight! Do now!”
“Ah, we have an accord.”
The [Witch] went back to business. She beamed as she snapped her fingers.
“Stop her! Don’t let her free the Raskghar!”
A howling Gnoll screamed. Chieftain Torishi was burning with the radiance of the sun. She lifted an axe as Belavierr turned. Just weather magic. But the light…Belavierr threw up a hand, shading her eyes. Maviola, clinging to her dress, moaned.
“Mother, the light hurts.”
“It is a stronger Gnoll. Don’t worry. Raskghar. Be free.”
She smiled. The Stitch Witch lifted a hand, and the caged Raskghar howled. Gnolls charged towards them, but a pit opened in the ground.
They fell. Straight down. Through earth and stone, their cages vanishing. Down, down, down…
Towards a city in the deep. Belavierr smiled. Then the smile vanished as a ray of light struck her in the chest. It seared a brand across her face, and she recoiled.
Pain, real pain, struck her. The Stitch Witch looked up, and Chieftain Torishi howled. The air exploded as Saliss tossed more potions, and Belavierr gathered Maviola to her dress.
“This…is growing dangerous. Maviola, go home.”
She pressed her daughter against her dress, and the undead child vanished. Then Belavierr’s head rose. Her eyes fixed on Torishi, and the Chieftain looked at the Witch of Webs. Belavierr pointed once.
“Begone, Gnoll.”
“Torishi!”
Garsine Wallbreaker lunged for Torishi, but too late. Fast as a thought, the ground opened up into a circle ten feet across, and Torishi and her bodyguard dropped. Straight down. The Gnoll cried out once. And then she was falling…falling.
Torishi Weatherfur dropped into the earth as Feshi screamed. Belavierr laughed and laughed as the air exploded with magic. She looked for the little white Gnoll.
