8.84
Page 13
Liscor was assessing the situation, and bows were trained on both. One order and they’d fill the air with death. Relc might survive, but he needed to do the right thing and toss his spear down and explain what was going on. Liscor’s army didn’t kill their own, even traitors.
So why did that young woman look on at one of the most dangerous armies of Izril, Drakes and Gnolls ready for a fight, and seem so…unimpressed? She was close enough that almost all of the army had a good look at her as she strutted back and forth.
Something…made High Command hesitate. One of the older [Strategists] kept feeling at her neck.
“No. No, it can’t be.”
A shudder ran through Liscor’s army. A strange sensation rose in the chests of the [Soldiers], even those far too young to feel that nostalgia. It was…a longing.
As if they could feel a void being filled that they hadn’t known had been there until now. A hole in their chests that was being closed. They hesitated, looking at each other, calling out, and then the young woman spoke.
She had a [Loud Voice] Skill. Or maybe she was just that loud. She turned to the Drake—Relc—and said something. Relc jerked in surprise, and then the two were facing Liscor’s army. The young woman strutted forwards as the Gecko’s tail curled for a second, and Relc hurried over next to her.
He was taller than she was—but she drew the eye. Just…a young woman with some decent armor and a sword on her hip. Armor worn over…what, an innkeeper’s clothing? A bloodsoaked apron?
She didn’t seem impressive, even for a Human. But her eyes. They were odd. Almost slitted like a Drake’s, but it was a trick of light. And her voice, when it spoke, was a rasping drawl, elongated ‘s’ like Drakes. A bark of laughter. Then she said:
“Well, well. I have never seen such a worthless lot of rookies in my life. I came here looking for an army. I should have gone to Pallass’ nurseries for some [Soldiers] with better backbone than the soft bastards I see here.”
Liscor’s army stood there, completely silent for a moment. What did she just say? The young woman went on.
“I’ve seen Lizardfolk with better discipline and tougher [Lords] in the Five Families. Did you have a good time powdering your scales and primping your fur? You must have—or you stopped for a dozen tea parties if you just reached the hottest fight in Izril.”
Okay, their ears were working. The Drakes and Gnolls nodded at each other. That Human was dead. The Gecko was looking uncertainly at the Human, as if aware he were watching her kill herself. Zeres was slowing, and the Drake kept twitching his tail and glancing at the fighting.
But that Human just went on.
“So this is Liscor’s army? I’d rather take the crap I just passed into battle. But you’ll do. Some of you are tough bastards. Most of you are as stupid as rocks. But you’ll do. Mind you—I could take half of you on in my bed and use the other half to wipe my tail. What are you doing? Working for Zeres when the Gnolls are about to kill each other? If you’re done stroking each other’s tails—I have a real battle for you.”
It was incredible no one had shot her yet, orders or not. This many insults coming at them? But…one of the [Majors] was muttering.
“I could take half of you in bed…how does she know…?”
That style of insults. The casual allusions to wanting sex. The way she spoke. No—it was that feeling in the back of the mind.
There was no way. But the veterans of the army were looking at each other. They felt it. One [Soldier] nudged her superior, and the older Drake snapped back.
“That’s impossible. He’s dead.”
