8.84
Page 24
Do you regret it now? She spread her arms. The [Witch] waited as Gnolls fell back, howling. Daring them to slay her. Xherw stood in her shadow, the Daemon bound. Only when she heard the curious call from afar and smelled salt, felt the dry winds of another continent on her face did Belavierr hesitate. She looked up and saw a ship sailing up a river in the distance. Belavierr hesitated. Spoke one word.
“Khelt?”
 
——
 
An age to ride across Chandrar. An age to cross the sea. Lastly, an age to sail as far up the river inlets as possible.
The King of Khelt had covered the distance by magic and Skill and desperation. Still he whispered as he stood on the decks of Sand at Sea.
“I am sorry for taking so long.”
Eighteen warships were running ashore on the Great Plains; some had already been grounded despite Rasea’s wave and the waters they were conjuring to sail upriver. Undead poured from the vessels, leaping to the ground, as Serept’s half-Giants, the other Revenants, and the living held back.
The ground they landed on was filled with ruined grass. Across from them, Fetohep could see the army of Zeres marching on the Gnolls.
The ships should have run aground long ago, but they had sailed closer to the Meeting of Tribes than even Rasea thought possible.
The tide had come in. Armored boots and skeletons splashed down into shallow water as the First Tide ran from Zeres, carried by their army. The waters lapped against the line of Antinium. A wave of Drakes, but not an unbreakable one.
“We must halt their advance or they will engulf the Gnolls.”
Doubte took one look at the battlefield and saw the Antinium and Gnolls holding back that army like sand before a tidal wave. Oteslia was skirmishing on Zeres’ side, but they were poised to break the entire Meeting of Tribes from the south.
Each second counted, but Fetohep’s knowledge of the Drakes made him hold off on a charge. Indeed, even on the warship, Fetohep raised a hand as the King of Destruction made ready to be the first to charge Zeres.
The City of Waves and the City of War were turning to this new threat, but Fetohep called out.
“Hold! The undead of Khelt shall first go onto Izril’s shores!”
“There is no time to waste! The Gnolls are almost overrun, and I see the [Witch] of Webs in the distance! Your Majesty—”
It was the Herald of the Forests, Ierwyn, who protested with the [Knights], eyes ablaze with sympathy. She knew what it was like to see a people at their end. But Fetohep snapped back.
“The living will join the Illuminary! This—this is a moment for only the dead. My companions. Rise.”
All the living he had gathered wavered. Who did…? Then they saw a ragged group of skeletons and torn flesh. So ancient they were almost dust. As old as Fetohep. He descended onto the ground next to an archer whose eyes burned scarlet. Strode onto Izril’s grass with a warrior who carried a sword in a sheath with only one edge.
Fetohep’s companions. Then came the armies of Khelt. Tens of thousands of undead armored in ancient metal. Glowing eyes. Undead.
Khelt had come to Izril to end this war of Drake aggression and Gnollish infighting. The Walled Cities saw the great army of the undead come to their land. Six Walled Cities beheld Khelt.
What did you think they did next? The Drakes focused on Khelt and the army led by Fetohep, who had ridden from his kingdom in this dire hour, to right all wrongs and save what could be saved. They did not see the ghosts who fought onto Izril’s shores, hounded by Seamwalkers. They did not see Khelta, screaming at Fetohep to activate the ritual.
