8.84
Page 22
[Skill – Unitasis Network learned.]
 
“Uh oh.”
The Antinium reacted as one to the Skill. Suddenly—Crusader 53 felt as though he had a dozen eyes which told him when someone was attacking him. A Worker lifted a bow and shot an arrow two hundred feet and hit an Oldblood on the wing.
The Beriad looked at The Crimson Soldier and suddenly knew exactly how to hit their opponents. They…were linked.
They were True Antinium?
The thought was so surprising that everyone looked up. Then the Antinium saw a figure descend as [Soldiers] of Zeres pointed up. A mouth spat acid, another poison. Half a dozen limbs scythed through the Drakes.
Wrymvr the Deathless landed in Zeres’ army, and a second Centenium leapt off his back. They fell out of a portal in the sky, and a Centenium, jerking, half her head missing, watched them leap across Izril.
Xrn, the Small Queen, threw Klbkch and Wrymvr into the battle. The two Antinium descended into the fighting, one screaming and singing with joy.
The other silent, blades flashing a silver trail through Drakes. Klbkch the Slayer landed in front of Bird. The Worker wavered as Klbkch appeared.
“What is that thing? Aaah! Aaaaah! I can hear it thinking!”
He pointed at Wrymvr, and Klbkch gazed down at Bird.
“You can create a Unitasis Network?”
Both he and Wrymvr gazed at Bird. The Worker hesitated.
“N-no? I can’t hear people thinking and never have been able to. No. Not at all.”
Klbkch wavered a moment, then he vanished. He slashed through a Drake aiming a wand at Bird and almost seemed to teleport back.
“Antinium. Rally to me. Queens—we are in combat. Unitasis Network activated. My Queens—”
And then a voice spoke in Bird’s head. He felt an invisible presence reach out wonderingly and touch him.
“We are present. This is impossible—we must investigate—”
A babble of voices. Bird caught an image of an unfamiliar Queen—but he knew her now. The Grand Queen, frightened, angry that the three Centenium had defied her orders. Fearing this might mean that she was irrev—
Then a presence as steady as a rock, filled with hope and determination, permeated through his being. Bird saw the battlefield change in front of him, and he understood—the Drakes were threatening to overrun 1st Battalion. They had to move—
And they did. As one, the Antinium surged left, and a hundred warriors found themselves heading back, linking up to support 6th Battalion. Sharing their thoughts. Sharing…
Skills?
“Armored Queen. Joining the Unitasis Network. [Linked Skill: Massed Strikes] activated.”
“Silent Queen. Providing stealth. Irregulars moving. [Linked Skill: Combat Vanish] activated.”
And then he heard the other voices, taking command, directing them to fight together. The Flying Queen, rejoicing in awe, the Grand Queen sulkily adding her abilities, and the Twisted Queen laughing in her mind. And the Free Queen was whispering in his mind.
“That Drake.”
Bird turned and saw her mark one. The incredulous Drakes saw the two battalions turn. Then the individual [Crusaders] were fighting with faith on their side like one force. Like a vision…
Of True Antinium.
Klbkch focused on that moment only for a second. The dream he had waited two decades to achieve was becoming a reality before his eyes at last, but he looked around for someone else. The Gecko of Liscor stopped on the battlefield and called out, and Klbkch raised one blade high. The two friends looked for her, and Relc pointed. Klbkch whispered quietly.
“Erin.”
Then he plunged into the battlefield, blades whirling. The Slayer, to remind the Drakes of Izril why they knew his name.
 
——
 
