8.84
Page 19
They were summoning the First Tide. Sserys whirled. He saw more Gnolls forming a battle line, but they’d never make it.
A line in the sand. Sserys stared into the distance. Was that a sail he saw…? He whispered, calculating.
“Ten minutes. Ten minutes—get me the most defensive bastards who won’t flee when—”
He hesitated, a hand raised. Sserys stared at Erin’s hand and then looked at the Antinium. He amended his statement.
“No. No—get me the most honorable group to hold the line. There. [Company, On Me].”
He pointed—and another company marched out of the air. Sserys knew what he had said. He stared in disbelief as a line of Antinium marched into position. One raised a two-handed maul.
“Orders?”
“What is going on?”
The Drake screamed. He looked at the Antinium, and that sword rose…but they looked at him.
“Commander. What are our orders?”
Sserys gazed at an Antinium with an odd helmet and hesitated. Then he pointed.
“Zeres is coming at us! Hold this ground for ten minutes!”
A hundred Antinium looked at the City of Waves charging their position. Sserys heard them speaking. One saluted him.
“It will be done, Commander.”
He looked into an insect’s eyes for too long. At that horned helmet…a steel helm for Antinium that someone had added crude horns onto.
The Beriad of the Antinium, 6th Battalion, looked at the General of Liscor, and Sserys whispered.
“Good job, [Soldiers].”
He stared at his hands as the Antinium turned.
“Ah, I see it now. I really don’t fit in this world anymore.”
Ruefully, he turned. The [General] readied his sword and focused. He saluted the [Soldiers] once. Then he pointed ahead.
“Dragonspeaker!”
Sserys charged straight into Manus’ front lines as the Antinium turned. They didn’t know where they were. But if Erin Solstice were here—
They were dead. This was Heaven, and apparently it was filled with Drakes. Or maybe they were just needed.
Their Minotaur leader wasn’t here…but they saw the enemy. Zeres had spotted Battalion 6, but that just made the [Marines] advance faster. They were screaming hatred at the Antinium.
Thousands of Drakes. But that wasn’t the sight to terrify Antinium. It was…
The water. Admiral of the Land, Horsthe, had unleashed a Skill of Zeres.
“[The First Tide Covered Land]/[We Marched Amidst the Surf]/[The Ocean At Our Backs].”
A Skill from Zeres. Drakes marched through water as if it didn’t bother them, but it was knee-high and rising for everyone else. A sea upon land.
The Antinium’s worst nightmare. 6th Battalion wavered as they saw the odds. So many Drakes. No quarter and only water if they fell.
“We…we…”
A hundred Soldiers and Workers in armor stood there. Holding two-handed weapons. No shields. They each had a curious helmet on their heads.
One of the Armored Antinium’s helms—but they’d added something. It was made out of pieces of wood, even twigs or leaves. Pieces of metal bent and clumsily attached. Not antennae, like you might first think.
They were…horns. As the Drakes marched on them, one of the Antinium of 6th Battalion looked around. There was no Calruz. He wasn’t part of their army.
Very well. The Antinium strode forwards and faced the ninety-nine warriors. He raised a maul—and the army of waves reacted.
“Officer. Loose!”
Arrows struck the Antinium from behind. They pierced the metal armor, and the Antinium fell. Green blood colored the surf around the Antinium, but the body never reappeared.
In silence, 6th Battalion stared down. Then another Soldier stepped forwards. They turned their backs to Zeres and raised a greatsword. They began to speak.
“We—”
