8.84
Page 5
“Tell Wall Lord Ilvriss to hold and wait for the Gnolls to come to us. Has he issued any statements?”
“No, Wall Lord Dragial.”
Salazsar was neatly arrayed across from Fissival, close enough to see the purple-scaled Wall Lord addressing his forces. He was leading from the front—typical Salazsarian bravado, but Dragial still appreciated it.
“Remind me to mark a decanter for after the battle. There’s a proper Drake, standing shoulder-to-shoulder in the spear-wall when it’s necessary.”
He strode on, clearing his throat and casting a few spells. Manus was launching all kinds of complaints by comparison. As if Luciva couldn’t see that this was the perfect moment. She knew as well as he—
The Drake took the dais and felt the magic, the artificial leyline filling him. He waited as the cheering stopped—then raised a hand.
“Soldiers of the cities! Drakes of Izril! This is the last day that Gnolls will spread lies about our city. The last year they will raid our lands. We have come to this battlefield to restore order to Izril. First the Great Plains—then the North! You will remember this day as the beginning of the return of the Walled Cities!”
He looked across the faces of Drakes, the glowing magic wands behind lines of pikes. The Gnolls were beginning to charge. The skies were turning red as Wyverns began to prepare [Fireballs]. The Wall Lord felt the burning excitement in his veins. Magic, begging to be unleashed. But he spoke a moment longer, for these words would be written down in history.
“General Hexa—you will hold the Gnolls down. General Koore, General Qeuse, with me. When they come, we will be the spear that breaks them apart. Drakes—to arms! For Izril!”
He raised a glowing wand, and the soldiers began to shout in reply.
“Fissival! Fissival—”
No, no. There was an even more fitting chant. Dragial began to shout, and the [Soldiers] caught on.
“Drakes! Drakes! Drakes!”
Wall Lord Dragial lifted his arms as his heart swelled with pride. He pointed the wand ahead at the Gnolls. His mouth opened as he drew a breath in. And a voice howled one word.
“Charge!”
Dragial jerked as the voice echoed across the Great Plains. His eyes swung right, and he saw a Drake riding forwards.
Wall Lord Ilvriss had drawn his sword. He pointed it forwards, and the army of Salazsar followed him. A Drake with bright blue scales rode after Ilvriss, followed by [General] Greex himself. Then the Rubirel Guard, the Erchirite Spears…eighty thousand Drakes charged with Ilvriss, screaming.
“What is that idiot doing? Tell him to stop—he’ll foul our firing lines!”
Dragial broke off from his order to begin the attack, turning to his [Strategists]. They were trying to talk to Ilvriss, but that battle-crazed idiot must have decided to attack! Dragial was formulating a plan when he saw something he didn’t understand.
Ilvriss…was turning. The Wall Lord saw the Drake’s path veer from the Gnolls in front of him. Accordingly, the army of Salaszar began to turn.
“Huh?”
 
——
 
Ilvriss’ heart was in his mouth. Osthia Blackwing was at his side, and General Greex was screaming at their soldiers. Or just screaming—but Ilvriss had given one order:
Follow me. The army of Salazsar faltered—then they saw what he was doing. Drakes turned, their formations of spears curving. Officers of the City of Gems cursed as they saw Ilvriss’ true destination.
They had to know. You didn’t charge half a mile towards your opponents. Gnolls and Drakes looked up as the Wall Lord began to charge and saw him turn his head back once.
