8.84
Page 7
Bird. The Antinium was gathered with the Fellowship out of the fighting. And a little white Gnoll was waving at her. Snapjaw looked up and saw more Wyverns descending. She ordered Icecube higher.
 
——
 
“What is she doing?”
Salkis was shouting, covered in blood, as they watched Snapjaw flying away from them. Sergeant Gna spat.
“She’s drawing them away! We have to go!”
“Go? Which direction?”
Drakes were coming in from all sides, and the Gnolls still wanted Mrsha dead. The Fellowship stood around her as the Witch kept fighting. She occasionally threw spells across the entire battling army—but never in their direction.
Belavierr had promised Wiskeria not to harm Mrsha. But no one else had, and they still hated her.
In fact, it was the [Shaman of the Eternal Grasslands] who spotted Mrsha as he led a wave of Plain’s Eye [Shamans] towards Fissival. Ulcreziek halted as Gnolls streamed past the Fellowship of the Inn. He turned his head, and his eyes flashed, one brown, the other pale and timeless.
“Doombringer.”
Oh no. The Fellowship turned as Plain’s Eye Gnolls charged at them again. Numbtongue cursed, reaching for his guitar. Not that one! He saw a warrior coming for him and nearly grabbed his sword—
“Stop that [Shaman]!”
Garia leapt from the wagon as Bird stopped firing arrows up to cover Snapjaw. He and Badarrow whirled, and the [Martial Artist] kicked one of the Gnolls back. Another brought a sword down and speared the young woman who threw herself forwards to cover Garia.
“Fierre!”
But it was not a silver blade. The [Shamanic Warrior] recoiled as a thin, inhumanly strong grip cracked his bones. He saw red, glowing eyes. Sergeant Gna spurred her horse.
“Forwards! Don’t let that [Shaman] cast!”
Numbtongue knew that Ulcreziek would wipe them all out. He played on the guitar desperately. Each chord screeched as the [Lightning Melody] charged up. The dark skies made the Skill work even faster. Eight chords as Ulcreziek raised his staff—
A bolt of lightning shot down from the heavens. Ulvama threw a handful of fire as Mrsha waved her wand, tripping up a Plain’s Eye Gnoll. Numbtongue saw the [Shaman] react. Ulcreziek lifted his other paw—
And caught the bolt of lightning. It earthed itself in his paw, becoming a sizzling ball of lightning, contained. The [Bard] lowered his guitar.
“No w—”
The bolt of lightning struck the wagon and turned it into an explosion of splinters. Everyone was sent flying as Ulcreziek blocked Ulvama’s magic. The Hobgoblin surged to her feet, chanting a hex.
Ulcreziek’s magical eye stared at her, and she turned to stone. The stone cracked, and Ulvama emerged, screaming, falling to her knees and coughing out the stone lining her throat, her lungs. The Gnoll ignored her and pointed his staff at Mrsha. One of Bird’s arrows struck his fur and shattered; it was as tough as mithril.
“You…you—”
The magic grew brighter as Mrsha raced away from her friends. Badarrow dove for her, but she was running away—trying to spare them from the destruction of Ulcreziek’s spell. Bird and Badarrow fired arrows uselessly into Ulcreziek’s chest and face as The Crimson Soldier and the Antinium and Goblins tried to reach the [Shaman], but the Plain’s Eye warriors were in the way.
The wrathful Gnoll was locked on Mrsha, and nothing in this world would stop him. No spellcaster save for the [Witch] and Theikha was his equal here. He began to whisper his spell.
“[The Bloodless Lands Open—]”
