8.84
Page 1
Every Gnoll surely saw their enemy coming, but the struggle at the center of the Meeting of Tribes continued. Xherw’s warriors trying to kill the Doombearers. Plain’s Eye, still howling hatred.
And her. Perorn’s sides stung with cuts, and she felt the metal embedded in her flanks. That was a small mercy—she had seen a wire of string cutting down her people. She looked up.
There was a story even Baleros knew. 
The Witch of Webs stood in the center of the fighting, taller than she had been at the start. A hand reached out and threw a cloud of needles into the fighting. She whirled a needle up like a lance and sent it through a [Shaman] trying to burn her.
That monster was on Xherw’s side. She would have killed everything in front of her but for them. Perorn saw three figures breaking through the warriors fleeing her in every direction.
Saliss of Lights hurled a vial of fire in Belavierr’s face, but a needle exploded the vial in midair. So Saliss threw a dozen, then two dozen, trying to touch her. The [Witch] smiled—until a Gnoll leapt at her in midair.
The Stargnoll, wreathed in the Armor of Stars, tried to bring an axe down on Belavierr’s head. A magical rope grabbed her leg and cracked her through the air like a whip. She landed, slamming into Gnolls and breaking their bones or hers.
But another Gnoll was already there. The World-Pact Traveller struck Belavierr in the shoulder with an arrow that screamed and hissed. A Serpentarrow of Baleros from the Named Adventurer who had been to every continent, Gadiekh.
Three Named Adventurers. Belavierr replied with a shower of writhing bolts of black magic then turned her head. A young woman with fiery hair tossing flame looked up uneasily as Belavierr stared up at the only being taller than her.
Garsine Wallbreaker.
“You know the old ways. Shapechanger.”
For answer, Garsine raised a paw, and the [Racdelbear Shapechanger] roared as she struck Belavierr. The [Witch] staggered—then raised a hand as she smiled evilly.
“I return your wrath to thee.”
She touched Garsine, and Perorn saw the gigantic Gnoll go stumbling backwards, howling. Belavierr was proof against mundane weapons. Even magic didn’t seem to touch her.
That monster. Lehra was getting up, looking around with a stunned expression of disbelief and…fear. But Saliss kept advancing, and Belavierr’s smile vanished as she saw Garsine get up and Gadiekh lifting his bow.
No…Gnolls looked at that old villain from their tales, and even the ones who had refused to kill their kind, like Garsine and Gadiekh, strode into the fighting. Even—
A blade tried to pierce Belavierr from the back. Maviola cried out and coated the snarling Gnoll in flame, but he kept stabbing—stabbing into a dress like armor. Belavierr turned, and the Gnoll, whose fur was as grey as metal, looked up and raised a shield as she struck him back.
The Steelsoul warrior, one of Chieftain Iraz’s greatest warriors, collapsed as Belavierr reached into his chest and crushed his heart. The [Witch]’s hand was a ghost’s, immaterial until it touched his heart and crushed it. She frowned as she looked at the body.
“Are we not on the same side? I am fighting for Plain’s Eye. I am Belavierr.”
She turned, and the Gnolls shuddered as they looked at her and heard her voice whispering in every ear.
“Do you have a wish? I will grant it for the right price. Stand against me and die. Call me your ally and take my hand, and I will do what armies cannot.”
