8.84
Page 25
“Your Majesty. The ritual is not working.”
[Mages] were desperately trying to complete the magical incantation, searching over the thousand compartmentalized spells for an error, a break in logic they barely understood. Fetohep just nodded as he strode forwards. The Drakes were arrayed in front of him. But all the King of Khelt did was look up.
“I am Khelt. So Khelt…with me.”
He looked up and saw the sky turning bright. He had frightened the Humans of Terandria with the [Arrows of Razzimir]. Now he looked up and saw a burning rainbow crisscrossing the sky. Comets from Valeterisa, the Archmage who had called Fissival her home. Even—yes, even stone meteors flying from Oteslia. A bright rain of deadly arrows.
 
——
 
Undead have landed on the Great Plains. Army is tens of thousands strong and growing. Zeres is calling for combined bombardment.
Manus agrees. Activate the Tidebreaker Contingency!
Pallass denies. DENIES. They are on our side. Gnolls will never forget this. The Antinium are still the greater threat. Grand Strategist Chaldion—
Overruled. Fissival—firing.
Oteslia agrees. Undead taint. Firing.
Zeres—bombardment commencing.
Salazsar activating matrices.
Manus attacking.
 
——
 
“Those…damn Drakes.”
That was all he could say. Pisces Jealnet, standing on the railing of the Illuminary, looked up and saw the Walled Cities unleash a wrath they had not used since the Antinium Wars. Every Walled City save Pallass…no, Pallass was firing too.
The Drakes, the Assembly of Crafts, launched their bombardment upon Khelt’s forces the instant they disembarked. The air flashed so hot his skin blistered, and Hecrelunn had to shield them all. The Revenants, even Salui and the half-Giants, the living…
Rasea and the [Pirates] watched in horror as Fetohep of Khelt walked into the firestorm he had known he couldn’t stop. The pettiness of Drakes.
The army he had so painstakingly brought across the ocean looked up, undead without fear in their gazes. Magic melted their bones and set their armor on fire. It blew them apart, and amidst it all, the King of Khelt walked forwards.
His companions raised shields and stood with him. Fetohep lifted a hand as his robes caught fire. The magic tore at his ancient flesh, and he looked up and around.
“I am Khelt.”
Pisces thought he could hear Fetohep whispering. That note of anger and despair at mortals’ foolishness. The King of Destruction rested his hands on the railing, cracking the Illuminary’s wood, eyes burning.
It took five minutes. Five minutes, and so much destruction even Belavierr was taken aback. Five minutes…and the land was glass, the river rushing into a second lake. And where was Khelt’s army?
Dust and scattered bones. A single undead had survived. A skeleton, which crumbled slightly as it dragged itself up. One leg was disintegrated, so it knelt next to Fetohep of Khelt.
The King of Khelt stumbled forwards, his crown askew. His robes almost destroyed despite the royal enchantments. He looked up and around, and the Drakes jeered him as they cheered their own cities. The King of Khelt stood there a moment and looked back at his forces.
My army. He reached back and looked for his companions. One last battle. One last…they lay at the bottom of that lake. Fetohep bowed his head as arrows began to fly. The last skeletal warrior tried to rise again…but Fetohep took the skull from the head, and the bones fell.
“Look how wretched they are. Rest…rest brave warrior. You have fought for me, and they have destroyed your body. Khelt asked all in death that it would not in life. Now—”
