8.84
Page 6
Then the Drake committed to the charge. Ilvriss’ warhorse raced ahead of everyone. He knew the continent was watching.
His father, his mother, his sister—his city. Everyone saw the Wall Lord of Salazsar curving away from the Gnolls. The City of Gems followed him, and General Greex screamed as they looked at their true target.
Fissival’s army was positioned to meet the Gnolls. Their spears were almost all pointed the wrong way. The Drake officers saw Ilvriss turning and shouted.
“Ancestors—this is it! Get ready! Get r—”
Ilvriss saw [Archers] and wand-carrying Drakes turn. But they hesitated. They raised their weapons, waiting for orders, but the officers were frozen, waiting for Dragial or their [Generals]. And Dragial was just staring at Ilvriss uncomprehendingly.
Ilvriss looked into that fool’s eyes and saw the brilliant light of arrogance and greed shining there. The worst of his people. He gazed at the army poised to make war on Gnolls. Repeat the same folly for the hundredth time in blood and wretchedness. Ilvriss screamed as he pointed his sword at the first Drakes swinging around, eyes wide.
His own people. But the Gnolls were not their enemy. They could be better. They had to be…Ilvriss thought he could see Periss urging him on. Or was it Zel? Both? He realized he was screaming.
“Salazsar! Salazsar! Salazs—”
Then the City of Gems struck the City of Magic. The world’s most magnificent backstab played across Chaldion’s horrified gaze as Ilvriss struck Dragial’s forces from the side. The Wall Lord swung his sword down and cut a Drake holding a wand. Then the Erchirite Spears rammed into Fissival’s forces, and their spears discharged the combined lightning effects.
Drakes howled as the magic exploded across their lines, but the charge kept going. Ilvriss was headed straight for Dragial as the exiled Wall Lord turned on his pedestal. Ilvriss yelled..
“Tessa! Kill that idiot and then go protect Mrsha—protect Lyonette!”
The Named Adventurer buried her daggers into a [Mage-Commander]’s chest and laughed as Ilvriss surged forwards. The City of Gems was at war with the City of Magic. Gnolls stormed across the Great Plains as Fissival’s neat formation broke into chaos, the Magic Throwers and [Mages] trying to turn.
 
——
 
The City of Magic was in chaos. The Wyverns in the sky had begun to loose spells, but a quarter had broken away from their assault to return to their army.
A single Goblin flew through the skies. The only thing that saved Snapjaw was that the Drakes kept thinking she was on their side until they drew closer.
Icecube belched frost into the face of a regular Wyvern and dove as spells crisscrossed the air. Snapjaw was shouting.
“Badarrow! Where is Mrsha? Are we running or not?”
She only got silence from her stone. More spells were overriding it. Snapjaw broke through a layer of storm clouds and saw…chaos.
Gnolls were racing towards the Drakes, still fighting each other—at the center was Xherw. That scary [Witch].
But where…? Snapjaw looked up as Wyverns dove after her. She screamed at Icecube to fly into the clouds once more. Below her, a Hobgoblin loosed arrows up frantically, but even Badarrow had trouble hitting—
An arrow struck a Wyvern through the eye as it dove after her. Screaming, the Wyvern plummeted. Snapjaw’s head turned as a second arrow pierced a wing and hit a [Mage]. There was only one mad archer who had that Skill. She looked around and saw him standing on a wagon.
