8.84
Page 17
Who was he speaking to? Not to Relc, who was pushing into Manus with Liscor’s army. General Sserys pointed, and his eyes lit up with joy. He breathed.
“[Company, On Me]. You’re on babysitting duty.”
His voice echoed across the ground, and the Gnolls, the fighting Drakes—all looked around as the air charged and then split. It wasn’t teleportation—it was as if a group suddenly raced onto the battlefield around Sserys, as if they had been there all along but around a corner in the air. A company of Liscor’s finest marched onto the grass and looked around wildly.
“Where are we? Prognugator Dekass?”
“Where is Commander Olesm? Liscor’s gone. Where are—?”
General Sserys heard a babble of voices and the Drake’s triumphant grin—slipped. He stared in disbelief at the hundred soldiers he’d summoned. His eyes passed not over Gnolls. Nor Drakes.
He stared at Battalion 1, Squads 1-10 of Liscor’s army. Liscor’s…
Army. The Antinium looked around, and Squad 5 turned as they saw a young woman sitting on horseback.
“What the fuck.”
That was what she said. What the angry Worker with the zweihander, Crusader 57, said was…
“Erin?”
The [Crusaders] of Liscor looked at Erin Solstice a second before she swung her sword at them. Crusader 53 blocked the swing with a mace on reflex. The Human woman recoiled. The Drake [General] stared at the Antinium.
“My army…?”
His eyes flicked back to Liscor’s forces. Then to the north as he realized who he’d summoned by accident. His Skill had never had to worry about two armies serving Liscor before.
Meanwhile—Olesm had just watched one of his best battalions vanish in front of his eyes as he raced back to Liscor.
“Erin? Erin—”
Artur waved the banner wildly as he fought to get to the young woman. But she was recoiling, and the look of horror and disgust on her face made the Antinium hesitate.
Was this the sky? Was this her?
No—who was this? The [General] rode back. He wavered, looking at the Antinium. The Plain’s Eye Gnolls had turned in horror. Sserys shook his head. He kicked his horse into motion.
“Forget this.”
He abandoned 1st Battalion in the middle of the battlefield. The bewildered Antinium had no idea where they were. But suddenly—they were the biggest target in the world.
“Antinium!”
Gnolls screamed as everyone saw a hundred Antinium appear in the middle of nowhere. It was their [Banner Leader], Artur, who rallied the Antinium. He was looking around.
“Someone find our speaking stones. Call for Prognugator Dekass or Olesm or Belgrade!”
But they were way too far away for the local speaking stones to work. The Antinium stared after the young woman riding away from them. Then—Crusader 53 saw something.
A little white Gnoll girl ran past them, being pursued by howling Gnolls. Every single Antinium in the crusade had heard stories of the fluffy, white Gnoll who might be at the inn. She was part of the stories.
Some knew her face. Squad 5 hesitated. Crusader 53 looked at Crusader 57. The Gnolls were trying to kill Mrsha. Artur pointed.
“Mrsha…? Charge! Battalion 1—charge those Gnolls!”
Without a word, the [Crusaders] turned. They saw the enemy and charged as Mrsha came skidding to a halt. The hundred Antinium ran straight into a mix of Plain’s Eye and…
Az’muzarre. The Gnolls with artifacts taken from the body of Muzarre, the Dragonlord of Gems, had won every single encounter. Now, they howled as they saw an unexpected enemy. A Gnoll carrying a Dragonbone spear leapt into the air. Another held a mace of Dragonbone and whirled it down as the Antinium charged at them.
