8.84
Page 21
“We are the first of the new Antinium.”
He spread all four arms as the Drakes faltered. A Prognugator? He had to be.
Something was happening. The battlefield—the Antinium of 1st and 6th Battalion looked up. They felt it running from The Crimson Soldier. The [Archers] lowered their bows, gazing around and finding a single [Hunter] on the wagon.
Bird shot down the sixty-eighth Oldblood Drake.
“I am killing them. But they are not birds. I am…a bit sad.”
He lifted his bow. The [Thief] holding Mrsha reeled back as a group of Drakes turned, and a [Mage] aimed a staff at Mrsha.
Bird’s arrow hit the Drake in the throat.
Not sad about that. Just—how many? His hands were a blur. Arrow, arrow, arrow…in as many seconds.
Three people died. How many? He gazed at Mrsha. Then looked around.
“Bird the Hunter! Kill it.”
Manus had seen him. A [Sniper] drew an arrow to the bow and Bird leaned out of the way of an arrow that blew apart the remnants of the wagon he was using as cover. He loosed an arrow back, and the Drake cursed as an arrow thunked into the tower they were standing on. Bird loosed a trio of arrows one after another, and an arrow flashed past him—then turned towards him.
“Ow.”
He stared down at the arrow in his side. Then Bird yanked it out a moment before it exploded.
Bleeding, the [Hunter] looked around.
[Revalantor]. [Hunter]. [Liar]. He shot arrows back at the Drake. One, two, three, four, five, six—the Drake took cover, but now other [Archers] had his position.
“Ow. Ow. That one didn’t hurt.”
Bird was struck by three more arrows. He looked up as one of his arrows struck a Drake in the throat. Bird loosed one more arrow, then dove as another enchanted arrow blew apart his position. The Drakes grabbed enchanted arrows as the Antinium got up groggily. One more—
“Incoming!”
A scream. The lead [Sniper] looked around—then straight up. A Wyvern, an arrow through one eye, crashed down on her position. The Drake leapt out of the way, scrambled up, and Bird shot her through the neck.
Then he put a hand to his side.
“I’m hurt.”
A Gnoll of Az’muzarre put a Dragonbone bow up, and Bird loosed an arrow at the Gnoll. He saw the reply coming his way; an arrow that spiraled through the air, but with such force it left a trail of wind. It blew past him and hit Weatherfur [Archers].
“Uh oh.”
Bird and the Gnoll drew an arrow at the same time—then an arrow sprouted from the Gnoll’s arm. The Gnoll cursed, and Bird loosed a second arrow. The Gnoll skipped out of the way—straight into a third arrow that went through the side of their head.
Perfect shooting. How…? It was as if Bird’s thoughts were being mirrored. He had just thought he needed to shoot the Gnoll in the arm, but he only had one arrow. Someone had…
Heard him.
Bird looked around. The Crimson Soldier’s antennae were twitching wildly as he turned to Bird. 1st Battalion looked around, and one of the [Archers] gazed at Bird. That shot had almost been as perfect as his. Of course—Bird saw how easy it was to calculate wind, distance, movement—but he had never been able to explain that.
It was almost like…
Bird heard a voice in his head. Then he heard a babble of voices.
 
“We are the Beriad. Stand and fight…”
“We will not return home.”
“Protect Mrsha. Save the sky.”
“Spells from the sky. Dodge—dodge!”
 
As if each voice were right next to him. As if he could tell there was a [Fireball]…Bird looked around. And it was all centered on him. As if he were thinking too loud. Or coordinating it. Or…
The [Revalantor] heard a soft voice in his head. Something Erin Solstice had once heard.
 
