8.84
Page 12
Someone was shouting at him. Relc felt the prickle of spells and arrows trained on him, but he ran for the figure. He saw two empty eyes staring up at the sky. He saw Erin Solstice’s body lying there…
Then Sserys wiped at his mouth as he lowered the bottle, and he spat.
“Damn it, that hurt. I’m not Zel. You bastards.”
He stood up, checking his sword, and Relc’s jaw fell open. Sserys got up, a bit shakily even for him. He winked at Relc.
“Don’t worry. She’s okay. Looks like the lads didn’t skimp on anti-flier training. Well, well, well.”
Then Relc Grasstongue raised his head, and they were there. He looked at the [Marines] marching in good order in Zeres’ forces. Salt and sea…and Relc ignored them.
There they were. Drakes with axes propped on their shoulders. Companies neatly divided into groups led by [Wing Commanders]. The main army of new recruits and the countless, countless officers.
More officers than even some Walled Cities had in their army. Hundreds of [Lieutenants]. More [Sergeants] than you could count. Even [Captains] and [Majors] standing in rows.
Rough and ready. The mercenaries of Izril, pointing at the young woman in confusion. Liscor’s army halted, because even they were taken aback by seeing someone survive a fall like that.
And perhaps—they felt it. A sudden, familiar presence. Relc saw a group of officers. Each one scarred, tails—furred or scaled—curled up, scrutinizing this threat.
High Command. He felt weak. Liscor’s army looked at the Pegasus, the Drake and Human who’d suddenly arrived, and slowed. [Wing Commanders] held up their hands, and veterans in the ranks pointed.
“Pallass getting their tails in the soup?”
“Nah. Can’t be. Wait. Who’s that ugly bastard? That can’t be—I’d recognize that meathead anywhere. Is that—”
“Sergeant Relc? The Gecko?”
Voices rose in disbelief, and some of the officers turned to the old guard for confirmation. Of all the Drakes…people fixed on Relc with a mix of incredulity and hostility.
After all—he was someone who had quit the army. What was he doing here? And who was that damn Human? No one knew her face…although some thought they had maybe seen her on the scrying orb?
But what was that—feeling? A few of the oldest Drakes and Gnolls were looking around. One [Veteran] growled at their [Wing Commander]
“Feels as though someone is walking on my grave. Wing Commander—tell High Command something’s making my fur stand on end.”
The [Wing Commander] hesitated, but a hunch like that wasn’t something you ignored. The army slowed, but Zeres was already shouting at them to hurry up and throw themselves into the fighting. Typical of a cowardly big city.
The Drake was helping the young woman up. She put her hands on her hips as a squad trotted forwards to apprehend and question the odd duo. But the Human put up her hand, and the patrol…wavered. They came to a stop, and one of the [Strategists] cursed them out.
“What is going on? Apprehend those two! Are you deaf or blind or do I need to knock you two down to [Recruits], you slow-as-shit idiots?”
Liscor’s officers had a way with words. But the patrol called back.
“Something’s wrong. We can’t move! Something’s…who is that Human?”
The [Strategist] checked his [Appraisal] enchantment, but the Human must have been warded. The class wasn’t showing up. He thought he saw a flicker, but…
“Be advised, all officers. Gecko—confirmed, Relc Grasstongue is present with an unknown quantity. Possibly some kind of high-level irregular.”
