8.84
Page 4
“Grand Strategist. I have a count of…hundreds of thousands of Drakes marching towards us. They have Mage Throwers, and they are preparing to bombard the Meeting of Tribes.”
Gnolls were forming lines behind her. They looked at Pallass’ forces, but the Drakes had their backs to the Gnolls. Etella heard Chaldion speaking calmly to her.
“I understand the odds, [Major]. I am ordering you to advance once Fissival begins their assault. Do you understand?”
“No, sir. We won’t even make it to their front lines. Sir…permission to speak freely?”
“Granted.”
The [Major] took a breath. It was shaking. She couldn’t help herself.
“We’re…we’re going to die. Grand Strategist, the [Soldiers] are about to mutiny. I understand Fissival is trying to wipe out entire tribes. There are Gnolls in this force.”
As many Gnolls as Drakes, in fact. A calculated gesture, and probably one of the only reasons they hadn’t been torn apart by the angry tribes. Chaldion’s voice was…
It wasn’t the snapping, harsh orders she had heard a few times, dressing down [Generals] like raw recruits. It was intense, hurried…but there was a tone in it she had seldom heard.
“Yes, [Major]. If your [Soldiers] are going to mutiny, I advise you to let whomever you wish flee. But I need you and at least a quarter of your number to advance. I need you to charge Fissival. Do you understand why?”
“No, sir.”
She knew he was watching her. Perhaps all of Pallass was. There had to be hundreds of scrying spells, watching Khelt, this battlefield, the armies…and Chaldion knew it too. The Drake spoke quietly in Etella’s ear.
“You may be overlooked in this moment. But I promise—a recording of Pallass will remain. Afterwards, Gnolls and Drakes will see—every nation will see that when the Walled Cities attacked the Meeting of Tribes, Pallass fought with the Gnolls. Pallass has more species in it than any other Walled City as permanent residents. Gnolls, Drakes, Dullahans, Garuda. Major Estella. I am asking you to be a martyr. Do you understand why.”
“Yes…yes, sir.”
The Drake was shivering. It was so clear when he said it like that. The [Strategist] stopped a moment.
“I will remember your name, [Major]. Pallass needs heroes like you. Will you do this for our city?”
She could refuse and flee the field. She might lose everything, but she’d live. But he laid out why, and the [Major] closed her eyes.
“I will be here, and any [Soldier] that volunteers, Grand Strategist. That’s all…all I can promise. Just—promise me this matters?”
Chaldion’s voice rasped in her ear.
“I promise. No [Soldier] has fulfilled their duty better than you. Thank you, [Major].”
The howling began as [Major] Etella dropped the stone. For the Drakes…she began to address her people. This was what her city demanded. This was who Drakes were. She had never been prouder or despaired more. The howling of the Gnolls filled the air, their despair and rage and grief all contained in a single sound. It sounded like an echo of the voice in her head.
 
——
 
The howling grated on Wall Lord Dragial’s nerves. He turned his head as the [Mages] in his command busied themselves. They were setting up scrying orbs—Dragial was making a speech.
“This is the last time Gnolls will trouble the cities. They must know it.”
He heard a few chuckles and then adjusted his clothing. The [Soldiers] were waiting for his signal to fire. The Gnolls were forming a wedge, but they were still fighting each other like the fools they were.
Well, that was the difference between their strategy and his. Dragial murmured to his [Strategist].
