8.85
Page 6
The Drake closed her eyes and looked away. The enemy of so many species looked at the bearer of the Blade of Mershi. The answer was the one the Stargnoll had once given:
No one. No mortal enemies in an entire species. The Wall Lord was not worthy.
Then the image of Saturniel vanished, and Dragial was left standing on the battlefield. He looked around, staring at the dead Blade of Mershi. Then Lehra kicked him.
Dragial went tumbling down as the Stargnoll raised the Blade of Mershi. Stargazer’s Promise spread out around her as Dragial rose to his feet.
“What…what did you do?”
He looked at Lehra as the armored Gnoll gazed down at him. The Wall Lord looked about, and the soldiers of Fissival turned at his scream.
“You’ve corrupted the Blade of Mershi. Kill—kill her!”
Stargazer’s Promise closed ranks as Lehra panted, drawing a sword and shield out of the air. Elgrinna, Suxhel, and Emper looked to Lehra.
“He’s getting away. What do we do? Go after him?”
The Stargnoll hesitated, then shook her head. Dragial was scrambling away, calling for Fissival’s troops to kill her.
“He’s not important. We—we have to get out of here. The Stitch Witch is still killing everyone, and Mrsha—”
Then the adventurers realized they were in danger. Fissival’s entire army was turning towards them and the Relic that Dragial had wanted for so long. The young adventurers looked around, and even stolid Emper wilted slightly.
“How are we supposed to fight…?”
Suxhel was counting, her mana almost exhausted, and Elgrinna didn’t seem to know which way to turn. Lehra herself, a Named Adventurer, looked at a sea of Drakes, and that expression of confidence wavered. The four adventurers backed up as spears lowered into walls and Drakes marched towards them and raised their wands.
Then the Selphid leapt into the first spear, and the tip of one pierced her stomach. But the whirling [Steel Tempest] didn’t care. She was holding a flail of Demas Metal, each blade dripping with blood, water, or poison.
She whirled the weapon around, and Drakes broke apart, screaming in terror. Lehra saw a rank vanish, [Soldiers] falling or fleeing as the Gold-rank Captain of the Halfseekers turned.
“Rookies! What are you doing getting cornered? Keep moving if you want to live! Moore! Open a hole!”
Moore? Wh—
A half-Giant ran through another group of Drakes, and a Selphid wearing a Drake’s body webbed down the soldiers on either side. The Named Adventurer and her team saw the half-Giant pick up a [Mage] and throw the Drake into the distance.
“You’re—the Halfseekers?”
Lehra vaguely recognized them. Jelaqua Ivirith was covered in wounds, but the Selphid had changed her body four times already. They had been pursuing Mrsha when they saw the younger team in trouble.
Now there were two teams against all those Drakes.
“What do we do?”
Jelaqua stepped into the opening she’d cleared, trembling as she Rampaged. She snapped back, eyes glowing faintly orange, veins pulsing with her true body.
“When an army’s surrounding you? You fight so damn hard they back away and run. Where’s that Wall Lord?”
She turned, and Lehra saw Dragial, still retreating, but glaring at her with hatred in his eyes.
“There. But he’s lost and—”
Jelaqua grabbed Lehra’s face with one bloody hand. The Selphid stared down at Lehra.
“You don’t leave your enemies alive, rookie.”
The young Gnoll who had been a Bronze-rank adventurer less than two years ago looked into the eyes of a Selphid over forty years an adventurer. Her reply was automatic. The reason why she was chosen.
“I have no enemies in any species.”
