8.85
Page 42
The deadlands vanished. The last Harpy flew into the darkness, chasing the Seamwalkers, crying hope for the living.
A Dragon had returned. The Faerie King had struck his blow. The ghosts had given their blessing to the living.
Some ghosts had made it to safe harbor. Others had left secrets, weapons.
What they had fought for was time. Time…that was all that they could offer.
“Time.”
One last group of ghosts had avoided Kasigna’s notice. Empress Sheta of the Harpies had conspired with the wisdom of Gnolls. Sprigaena had drawn the ire of the dead gods.
But she was not the only Elf who had ever died, or her son. Most had been lost. But there were enough.
Elves stood side-by-side with Dwarves. The oldest species and ghosts from the last age had one last mission of their own.
It had taken them a long time to find their way down here. Much less to walk safely on this land of lands.
Rhir. Even ghosts were not able to walk here. Even Seamwalkers avoided this spot. Because the slumbering god…the child of gods infested this place like a nightmare.
Antinium fought it. They were so close to its heart that the ghosts could almost see the despairing people. The Elves and Dwarves and Halflings and oldest Humans and other species…what did they seem like to those desperate warriors?
“She is waking. All this fighting has empowered her like the others. But she is too strong. She has the flesh of god itself.”
The ghosts nodded at each other. A Dwarf, a true Dwarf, hefted a weapon he had made for a ghost to grasp. His eyes were like the earth itself, immovable.
“She will eat us, Zineryr claimed. Then we must do more damage. Are you all resolved?”
The Elves nodded. The other Dwarves sighed, for they had failed their charge and vigil. But they were resolved.
The last group of ghosts descended towards the slumbering figure. And it was [Priests] and [Clerics], the last until this era, who warded each step.
Rhir shook, and was it in fear? The Dwarf lifted his axe and spoke as the sleeping demigod trembled.
“Come, child of gods. Sleep another hundred years. We may be ghosts, but I drenched this axe in the blood of your kin.”
The oldest ghosts walked towards the sleeping figure and the Antinium fell back. The waking presence slumbered. The last ghost raised a hand and smiled.
“Victory to you, friends.”
They saluted the Antinium. Then they were gone.
 
——
 
Erin Solstice stood between the dead and the living, in the middle of the magic, as a Dragon and the Necromancer carried her towards her body. General Sserys passed her with a nod.
“I’ll give them a Liscorian welcome just for you.”
“Sserys…”
The [Spear of the Drakes] raised one brow.
“What’s there to say anymore? I never wanted your body anyways. Skin is disgusting. Just give me one last fight.”
He looked forwards, and Erin saw the last ghosts vanishing. The Deadlands were disappearing…but a handful of ghosts remained.
Rhir held on, the sleeping thing there defying Kasigna a moment. The Great Plains slowly vanished as Cauwine lowered her blade. There was nothing left to kill, and she looked at Sserys and extended a hand. The Drake bared his teeth.
“Do you want me? You’ll have to take my soul first.”
He picked up a sword—or maybe he’d carried one from the lands of the living. He did like to cheat. Cauwine laughed as Kasigna whispered to Erin.
“This is not over, girl. Even if you return home—it will never be the same. You may forget us, but we will never forget you. We will hunt you down and make the living world a reflection of your despair. Our time has come.”
