8.85
Page 23
Something was wrong. It was almost done, but the endless checking over every part had ceased a month ago and there was something wrong. The [Mages] couldn’t find it. They had been trying to activate it for two whole days, and the weary [Grand Mage] was calling for more draw-stones of liquid gem, magicore, when the helper carrying the basket ran into something.
A dog, a damned dog, had gone bounding into the ritual site, following its nose, perhaps to the food the [Mages] had been eating. The helper tripped over the dog, and the stones went flying.
“No!”
A dozen [Mages] dove, but half the stones went clattering down anyways. The [Grand Mage] stopped a cluster mid-flight and saw the other ones…curve improbably in midair. He stopped and stared as they landed, hitting the ritual site in precise locations. A splash of magicore fell down in a pattern.
“In the name of Khelt—”
The [Grand Mage] lifted a trembling hand and slapped himself. Then he looked at the ritual and felt the blockages suddenly—fill with power.
“The ritual is activating! Your Majesty!”
Khelt began to shake as the ritual suddenly burst into life. The wisdom of [Archmages], the magic of Khelt. And…a lot of luck.
 
——
 
The Plain’s Eye tribe met its doom as their captive was freed. Without luck, the Gnolls looked up and saw only their enemy.
The shattered lies and their people, who would never follow them again. At the end of it all, one Gnoll kept fighting.
Chieftain Xherw stood upon a hill, fangs bared, coated in blood, lashing out, calling out for the Doombringers. To slay them again and begin this tale once more.
The King of Destruction, Flos Reimarch, hefted a sword onto his shoulder.
“Wretched [Chieftain]. I have known many fools, but none so pathetic as you. Let us make an end to this.”
He began to stride forwards when a paw shoved him back. Flos Reimarch recoiled.
“Who dares…?”
He looked into brown eyes. Dark brown fur, and Chieftain Akrisa Silverfang pushed Flos back.
“King of Destruction. Stand back. This is our battle. We are Gnolls. This is our tale, not yours.”
Flos opened his mouth to protest and then saw the figures walking up that hill onto the bloody grass. He lowered his blade as Xherw turned, and his eyes fixed on them.
Chieftain Akrisa. Chieftain Eska. Chieftain Orelighn. Gireulashia. Merish. Adetr Steelfur. Chieftain Mrell…
“I have tried to save our people. What have you done?”
Not one Gnoll answered him. They had no speeches. They raced up that hill, and the Plain’s Eye Chieftain stuck a blade into Adetr’s shoulder. Gireulashia tore the other axe from his grip. Xherw threw Orelighn down the hill, struck another Chieftain hard enough to crack their skull.
But the Gnolls kept coming. They dragged him down, but the pile of bodies were flung apart as Xherw tossed them aside like feathers. He dragged a dagger out of his belt, and Merish grabbed his arm. The [Shamanic Warrior] struggled with his [Chieftain].
Xherw’s eyes locked on Merish. Betrayal, desperation—and even now, he believed what he had done was right.
“Our ancestors will judge my noble intentions, Merish. It could have been another thousand years.”
He was so strong. That mad light—he didn’t feel his wounds. He was their great [Chieftain].
Still, Merish fought. He wrestled with Xherw for the knife. His mind was blank with grief. All he could whisper was…
“No, Chieftain.”
