8.85
Page 34
Magic was intertwining itself around her. Curious cloth bands, pulling her across the world. Gerial and Cawe turned as Erin Solstice reached for them. But then Gerial laughed.
“Nerrhavia’s plan! It’s working!”
“Nerrhavia…?”
“She said that you’d never be able to march with us. So she told Khelta to summon you if she could!”
Cawe was laughing and crying as the two ghosts realized that Khelt had made it. They turned, and Erin reached for them.
“No. Gerial. Cawe—”
The dead gods, four now, saw the magic. They had to realize what Khelt was doing. Tamaroth whirled, and they began heading for Izril. Cauwine guffawed as she saw the trick, but the other three…
“Erin Solstice!”
Kasigna howled. A bleeding Razia tackled her, but the Goddess of Death threw the Agelum aside like a doll. Xarkouth landed, belching flame, and Norechl recoiled.
Tamaroth, God of Rulers, the bearded man, strode forwards, and Gerial and Cawe blocked his path. He reached out to brush them aside. Erin—flickered—and saw her two friends there.
The [Pickpocket], Cawe, feathers dirty, a thief from Chandrar made a [Slave]. Standing in front of the God of Rulers just like she had defied Chandrar’s monsters. They were one and the same to her.
Gerial of the Horns of Hammerad. A plain, brown-haired Silver-rank adventurer with a thin mustache. Tall—but no legend. No mythic hero.
But he could have been. They both could have been. The squared shoulders of that adventurer could have been a hero’s shoulders if he lived. Erin saw him walking with a half-Elf and a Minotaur onto that stage of legends.
If only.
She cried out.
“Gerial! Cawe!”
The Garuda turned back to Erin, and her cracked beak opened wide.
“Tell Pisces I kept you out of their chains.”
Then she dodged left, and the God of Rulers ignored her—until Cawe spat into his face. Tamaroth turned and grabbed for her. She was gone with a laugh.
Gerial touched Erin’s hands as Khelta’s spell dragged the girl across the world. Xarkouth roared.
“Ghosts! Fly with me to Izril! Stop the enemy as long as you can! Erin Solstice—”
The last thing she saw was Gerial, lifting a sword and facing the God of Rulers. He turned and shouted.
“Death before dishonor!” 
He gazed up as the God of Rulers grabbed for Erin, and she vanished. Tamaroth looked down as his fingers came up an inch short, a moment too late. He stared at the adventurer’s hand, gripping his arm.
“I never ran.”
Gerial Doerisel of the Horns of Hammerad looked into Tamaroth’s eyes, and his smile was simply of a man proud of himself. He could say it. Twice now…
Perhaps even the God of Rulers’ eyes flickered in acknowledgement. The memory of a being who had respected and loved such courage. Gerial smiled wider—
And then Terandria was gone, and Erin stood on Izril, weeping and looking around as the gods pursued her to the end. She fell to her knees and pulled something from her soul.
If only they could save but one…as the Dragonlord of the Void flew towards her, as Razia pursued foes without any defeat, Erin Solstice drew a coward’s tool.
A gift from the God of Secrets and Magic. A hangman’s rope. Something to use to hide yourself at the world’s ending. She realized now.
“Not me. Someone else needs it. Please. Just one person?”
She rose, looking for one ghost among the many to give it to. Let something survive. Something…
 
——
 
Dragonspeaker Luciva was losing her mind. She broke into the stalemate where Fetohep, the undead, and that young woman stood.
“General Sserys! Wait!”
She screamed, and the Drake turned. Luciva looked around.
