8.85
Page 0

Chieftain Torishi Weatherfur fell through the earth.
She didn’t know how long. Minutes? How far down? Her voice howled Belavierr’s name. She only knew the tumbling through air, the despair.
Then she landed.
Eleven minutes of free-fall. What should have ground her bones to dust—didn’t. The hole that Belavierr had opened was a portal. Though it took her eleven minutes to fall to wherever the [Witch] had sent her, the Gnoll only fell a shorter distance.
Even so—she landed far, far down. She felt the searing pain as she landed on her side.
Her arm broke.
Torishi’s howl of pain was one of a dozen. Her bodyguards? Torishi dragged herself up, holding her axe one-handed.
“Where are we? Who is here?”
Voices called out. Eight. One Gnoll was dead, neck snapped. The others stood in darkness.
“Light. Where is…?”
Torishi looked around, but the beam of light that had always accompanied her, the Skill—wasn’t working. How far down were they?
Where were they? A Gnoll produced a magic torch at last and lit it. The Gnolls gazed around. At first, they looked straight up at that cavernous ceiling. The dirt tomb they were trapped in. Then…the light played, flickering down the walls of stone. The faded, dirty letters. Torishi’s heart fluttered.
“No. It was here all along?”
She looked up, and one Gnoll fell to their knees. For there were the steps that led up into a dark citadel. Here were statues broken, but enough words to show them what had stood here. A face lying amidst stone and rubble.
Eleven minutes below the Great Plains…just as the legends said. Torishi’s lips moved.
“…and the only Kingdom of Gnolls fell into the earth.”
She gazed at the shattered face of a statue. A broken throne, meant to greet visitors. Then Torishi realized where Belavierr had sent her.
Where she had sent…
Them.
Someone laughed in the darkness. A growling, hysterical laugh of triumph. It came from a figure as the Gnoll bearing the torch moved. Torishi’s fur stood on end.
“The Raskghar. Form a circle.”
She and the Gnolls of the Weatherfur tribe formed a circle in the darkness, staring into the night. Their eyes were adjusted to shadow—but the Raskghar lived in this place. Underground.
Torishi heard…sounds. She looked around and knew.
“Nokha.”
Mrsha’s nightmare was giggling. Again—again and again she lived. She was immortal! But that was not what made the Raskghar laugh and howl. It was their prey. Eight Gnolls. And…Torishi sniffed the air. Slowly, she exhaled as a Gnoll moaned.
“So. This is the doom of our kingdom.”
Behind the Raskghar from the Meeting of Tribes crept a thousand shadows. Curious noses sniffed the air. Growls. The new Raskghar turned as the occupants of the Kingdom of Gnolls stalked forwards.
The torch flickered. Torishi felt a dread creeping over her. She looked upwards.
No light. No way back. Was the Stitch Witch here? Was she laughing and watching? Surely…
Torishi spoke.
“Fight, Weatherfur. We will not see our tribe again. But fight them. Raskghar! Your treachery failed long ago!”
All she heard was silence and rustling. The Gnoll warriors tried to watch every shadow…but they were surrounded.
In the silence, deep underground—Torishi Weatherfur met her end. First one Gnoll vanished, the torch falling as she struck, howling. Then silence. The Raskghar leapt and tackled another Gnoll. Torishi brought her axe down—she cleaved one head in two and then lost her grip as she buried the axe in a second arm. She looked around and saw three Gnolls.
