8.85
Page 30
Vexcla, the Witch of Eyes. She inhabited a Gnoll’s corpse, but the thousand stares of her true being peeked out of those dead eyes. Belavierr turned to another whose smile was mischief, inviting Belavierr to stay for this trick. The other half of that smile promised a trick that even the Fae would call unkind if she fled. That smile that had terrified Ullsinoi into honesty, once. The consequences of every trickster and manipulator under a pointed hat.
They were in each corpse, like Revenants! With all the Skills and power they had held in life.
All their craft. All their knowledge. Belavierr began to shake. For—
The greatest [Witches] of every age looked down at Belavierr. And she was no longer sure her legend was unsurpassed. The last great coven spoke.
“Traitor Belavierr. You have slain your own kind. You have been as wretched as any [Witch] to ever live. You do not deserve your hat. We will be your judges. For it takes a [Witch] to hold a [Witch] to account.”
Belavierr tried to back away, but the circle of [Witches] closed around her. Their eyes locked her into place, and the Spider of Terandria began to tremble.
“Even you gathered cannot unmake me so easily.”
“Unmake you? We are not so wasteful as to throw your immortality away. Why would we be so kind? You must repay your debts, Belavierr. We charge you. We burden you. Listen to a debt of [Witches]. An oath older than you.”
The Temptress tried to run, but it was too late. The [Witches] smiled unkindly at their kin. Slowly, the dead raised their hands and lifted pointed hats that had not been there a moment before.
 
——
 
The greatest miracle of the battlefield was occurring: the dead were coming back to life.
Not the undead. The true ghosts were walking into bodies, temporarily given the power of Revenants.
A working of death magic, the greatest minds of Chandrar, a gamble devised by no less than Khelta.
It came in the final hour of the deadlands. Seamwalkers surrounded the army of ghosts as they saw a way to the lands of the living. Khelta herself walked forwards as Queen Emrist and King Dolenm barred the way of a horror from the death of gods.
“Go, Khelta.”
She turned, and the rulers of Khelt stood upon Izril’s soil. In Chandrar, the last ghosts were fading away. Queen Xierca stood upon her palace, and they all felt her go. Khelta wept as she stepped into the body of an undead vessel. She raised her hand, looking north.
“Erin Solstice. You have tarried far too long. I summon ye.”
She lifted her arms and began to call Erin’s spirit across the world. The dead fought, and those who had journeyed this long, abandoning Chandrar, descended into the hosts. Time…time to fulfill their last wishes.
Time to change this living world forever before their end. The dead fell before the living. That was always Khelt’s way. The First Queen of Khelt smiled, the [Queen of Necrocracy] of old days. She had never forgotten the truth so many of her kind did. Death and life needed each other. But one was gone forever.
 
——
 
“Xierca!”
A single man howled, the last ruler of Khelt. Fetohep, halberd in hand, faced the thief of Erin Solstice’s body. General Sserys turned as Fetohep pointed his halberd at his heart.
“Enemy of Khelt and the dead—turn. I will see you suffer an age before you are destroyed, whatever you are.”
The [Spear of the Drakes] raised his sword, eyes watchful.
“I am General Sserys of the Drakes. Son of Liscor. I am not your foe, whomever you are, you bag of bones.”
Fetohep’s eyes flashed, but his halberd wavered. That—was not whom he expected.
