8.85
Page 33
Salui grabbed Femar and slammed him into the ground. The [Champion of War] drew his axe as Femar got up.
“Die! You’re real, so diediediediediediedie—”
This was a disaster. Asale whirled, but he saw Femar fighting for his life. And behind him…the Drake’s scales prickled as Nerrhavia got up slowly.
“Curious. My Skills didn’t activate. Ah. Ahahaha. I know what you are.”
She pointed a finger at him, and the Drake turned calmly to face her.
“Levelless. Classless. One of the Rulebreakers. I didn’t think Drakes were smart enough to keep your kind around.”
“One Admiral has always been levelless. Stand down.”
Asale whirled his spear up. He was panting. Breaking through her Skills was the hardest thing he’d ever done—and the Revenant didn’t even look worried. Nerrhavia laughed.
“I’ve met your kind before, Drake. Your power is inconvenient—but you’re one Drake. [Summons of the Dread Tyrant: The Horror of Caexith]!”
“Oh, Ancest—”
A screaming beast shot out of the air, imprisoned for thousands of years, as Nerrhavia laughed. She enjoyed the sight for a minute. Then she turned back to her task.
Her peers were coming into the bodies of the dead. Nerrhavia saw both living and dead in this moment, and the dead…
The Seamwalkers were everywhere. Some were snatching ghosts out of their bodies. They did not have time. Khelta was summoning Erin Solstice. Some ghosts were imparting their wisdom or gifts to the living, using Skills to change the battle.
Not Nerrhavia. She strode across the battlefield, everyone parting before her in a wave. She found her quarry and reached out with a hand to touch a being as dead as she.
However—even Kerash flinched as Nerrhavia looked straight into his eyes and the gaze of the true intelligence.
“[Words Only For You and Me]. Necromancer. I see you.”
She whispered, and Az’kerash—wavered. He was not stupid enough to say ‘who are you’?
“What business do you have with me, spirit?”
Nerrhavia laughed lightly. She cast her eyes around the chaos. The dying ghosts. The end of death itself.
“I am Nerrhavia, the Tyrant of Chandrar. You know me. This is the end of ghosts. So we face oblivion or worse. But I am not too proud. My servants—to me!”
More ghosts flocked across the battlefield in stolen bodies. Allies. The Necromancer stared at Nerrhavia uncomprehendingly.
“What can I offer you?”
“A vessel. Only a being as powerful as Khelta or the Witch of Webs could—take a soul. Trap it. We may face your mercies, but I will take any last harbor. Don’t you have…a soulprison?”
Nerrhavia’s eyes glittered with glee as she glanced at the distracted Khelta. Az’kerash wavered as a bounty of the afterlife’s greatest souls presented themselves to him. He felt…for one of the first times in death…
Uneasy.
 
——
 
But it was done, the offer made. Belavierr found herself being beseeched by ghosts, even as the coven bound her with words and craft beyond her own. She screeched as the knowledge etched itself onto her soul.
Ghosts were fleeing. Some found soul-traps and exploded them as the lesser artifacts couldn’t contain the might of some ghosts. Others begged the living to…preserve them.
The rest fought on to their ends. They did not look for salvation, only to strike a final blow.
On Terandria, Erin Solstice saw Tamaroth, the God of Rulers, gouge out one of Razia’s eyes. The Agelum bled blue. But she fought.
Kasigna was absorbing the souls, pulling them into the center. Erin Solstice felt Khelta calling her—but she watched.
“I’m—what’s happening?”
