8.85
Page 13
Reynold whirled the carriage, but he saw it again. String. Wire—he howled as he ran into the same trap that—
The pink carriage flipped and crashed across the battlefield. The second and last of Magnolia’s famed carriages lay there, wheels spinning as the [Butler] lay in the wreckage. Then he was clambering out.
Where was that girl?
 
——
 
Vetn ran. It seemed like every force in the world was after him. Drakes, Gnolls—Antinium—fighting each other, fighting for Mrsha.
Saliss of Lights blurred out of the fighting, one arm cut down to the bone. He left a trail of explosions in his wake as Manus turned on Vetn. Now, the Thief of Clouds heard them.
“Capture the target alive! Get the Doombearer—”
They wanted Mrsha. Vetn heard Saliss shouting at him.
“You idiot! Get her to safety!”
“I’m trying! I’m—”
The Walled City of War was used to fast targets. Vetn and Saliss saw a wall of Drakes appearing, so Vetn looked left. And saw…more Drakes. And right? More Drakes.
A perfect box formation swung into place. Saliss lifted two potions in his claws.
“Get out of my way or I will disintegrate you all.”
The Named Adventurer roared, and the [Soldiers] flinched. But then General Milka, one of the supreme [Generals] of Manus, strode forwards.
“[Unit: Elemental Barrier]. Stand down, Saliss. Put the child down and surrender or—”
She looked up, raised her shield, and Wrymvr dropped on her. No acid. No scythes or biting maw. He just slammed into her so hard the ground shook.
Saliss, Vetn, and Mrsha saw the winged creature modeled after Dragons and Crelers rise. Mouths moved along the pinhole eyes and ever-evolving body.
“Important Drakes die.”
“Kids? Get out of here.”
Saliss calmly pushed Vetn and Mrsha aside. He walked forwards, and Wrymvr turned. Saliss reached for a bottle in his final arsenal. Wrymvr the Deathless howled as the Named Adventurer lifted a vial and threw it, and the explosion sucked part of Wrymvr into a vortex.
Vetn turned to go as Klbkch and Mivifa appeared, and the Drakes and Antinium began to fight. He looked around, and a second Gnoll appeared by his side in a flash.
“General Milka is dead?”
“Who—”
Lulv stabbed Vetn in the shoulder and buried a knife in the [Thief]’s arm. Then he grabbed Mrsha.
“Target captured. Two Prognugators. Get me reinforcements.”
Mrsha bit one armored hand and nearly broke her teeth. Lulv grimaced and looked around. Then the [Spearmaster] saw a panting [Butler] skid to a halt.
“Put her down or die.”
The [Spearmaster] lifted his spear one-handed, transferring Mrsha to the other arm. His look of confidence never wavered—until he felt that prickle on the back of his neck.
“Mrsha?”
“The girl?”
“White thing?”
“You stupid bastard. Now I’m going to kill you too.”
Klbkch, Mivifa, Wrymvr, and Saliss all turned from their fighting, and the [Spearmaster] decided to drop Mrsha after all. She ran over to Vetn, fumbling for a potion.
Friends and foes surrounding her. Vetn groaned as Mrsha poured the potion onto him. Then…someone picked her up.
Stop it! Stop it! Mrsha began to bite whomever it was, reaching for a knife. Then she looked up.
It wasn’t Klbkch or Lulv. Or even someone like Reynold or one of Magnolia’s maids or…
Her protectors whirled as a young man, face as white as a sheet, picked Mrsha up and began running. A galloping [Rider] passed him by in an instant, and he did not move at the speed of light.
Fals ran with Mrsha under one arm like a priority delivery. He ran straight through the Drakes, screaming as Mrsha looked up at him.
