8.85
Page 5
Valeterisa took a second to check her eyes were working and this wasn’t an illusion. Amerys’ grey hair whipped about her as her eyes glowed with the storm. Valeterisa lifted a weak hand.
“That would be very welcome. I, ah—are you free now? Query: Wistram. Is Amerys supposed to be…?”
Amerys laughed, and the sky turned into burning lightning as Fissival’s [Mages] screamed. Valeterisa looked at Amerys and, for once, canceled the [Message] spell.
No one was going to cage her again.
Two Archmages of Wistram criss-crossed the skies with magic as Wyverns battled with flying Pegasi. Oteslia’s [Pegasus Riders] struck Fissival from behind.
 
——
 
“What? What Archmages? Just—kill them and Oteslia’s riders!”
Wall Lord Dragial was shouting into a [Communication] spell on the ground. Salazsar’s charge into Fissival had ended up in a melee—and that was the worst scenario for the magical army of Fissival. Gnolls on one side—
And here came Wall Lord Ilvriss. Dragial scrambled away as the Wall Lord of Salazsar rode at him. He teleported across the battlefield as Ilvriss cursed.
“Dragial!”
The Drake scrambled away. That was when he saw the Blade of Mershi land on the ground as the Witch of Webs tore the relic from Lehra’s grasp.
“The Blade of Mershi. At last!”
Wall Lord Dragial ran for the gauntlet. It had landed in the fighting, and he thrust a wand forwards. Drakes—his own forces and Gnolls and Salazsar’s forces went flying as a ripple of force knocked them aside.
Where was it? The Drake hunted around in the mud, falling to his knees to wrench up…a helmet. He looked around for that glint of ancient magic. His [Detect Magic] spell was all but useless—it was cloaked. The key to the City of Stars!
Where…? Then he saw her. That damn Gnoll, running through the fighting with her team.
“Lehra!”
She had to be sensing it! The Stargnoll was wounded, but she still ran for the relic. Dragial ran at her, wand raised. He lunged as he saw something glinting in the mud.
The Blade of Mershi rose in Dragial’s grip. He laughed as Lehra skidded to a halt.
“No. Dragial!”
“It’s mine! It’s mine at last! In the name—of the City of Stars!”
The Wall Lord shoved the gauntlet onto one arm and raised it upwards. Just like Lehra had done. He looked up, his face radiant. The world dropped away from him, and he stood in space.
Space! A room with no walls or floor. Just the shining void. Surely this…
This was the magic of the Walled City, Mershi. The Drake wept as the magic interfaced with his being. He saw someone standing there.
A Drake, wearing the armor of stars. She held a sword, and Dragial fell to his knees.
“You’re the one who will lead me to the City of Stars.”
“Perhaps.”
The owner of the Blade of Mershi, Saturniel Cometscale, whispered. She looked into Dragial’s eyes. Into his soul.
“If you want the power of Mershi—answer me one question.”
The Wall Lord drew himself up. He had waited for this trial forever. He whispered.
“Name it.”
The Drake wavered as her spirit focused on Dragial.
“Who…are our enemies?”
The Wall Lord felt a power compelling him to answer with all his soul. But he didn’t have to think—he only worried it was a singular answer.
“The…Humans of Izril. Or the Gnoll tribes. The Antinium—the Nagas—”
He was going to go on, but the Drake lifted one claw. Dragial waited, heart beating—and Saturniel rolled her eyes.
“Wrong.”
Dragial’s glorious vision of the stars began to fade. He screamed desperately.
“Wait—wait! Tell me what the answer is!”
