9.00
Page 20
Erin was mildly outraged, but Lyonette was looking her up and down. Numbtongue prodded Erin.
“Rings. Rings!”
“Erin, you forgot your rings!”
“What? Aw…”
Mrsha saw Erin’s face adopt a rather familiar look of annoyance; Mrsha had seen it in the mirror many times. But then Lyonette sent Mrsha herself scampering into Erin’s room to bring back a pair of rings.
“You should have them on all the time. Hedault even got you rings because you didn’t like the amulet.”
“Yeah, but I’m not a ring-person. I already have…had Ilvriss’ ring.”
Erin put them on, grumbling, and then saw two more Thronebearers appear.
“No. We’re gonna go in with them? Come on. Guys?”
No one had her back, not even Bird, who was pushing her. The Horns strolled ahead, but Erin had to have people with her. Lyonette did as a matter of course, but the Thronebearers had Erin under guard too.
“Miss Solstice, we will try to be as unobtrusive as possible.”
Ser Dalimont bowed with a look that said he knew how stupid a statement it was. Erin waggled her hands at them.
“Lyonette…”
“Erin, it’s not that difficult.”
“Not that…they’re like giant lightbulbs. They’re shiny! I don’t want to go around with them. That’s so lame!”
The Thronebearers looked a bit hurt. Erin caught herself.
“Sorry, guys. That’s rude.”
“Not at all, Miss Solstice.”
Dame Ushar bowed. Erin corrected herself with a glint in her eyes.
“You’re just not as useful as Numbtongue would be. Or Bird.”
Got ‘em. She grinned around…but Mrsha just gave her a sad sigh and patted Erin’s arm. She scribbled as Erin’s face fell.
“You uncouth fool. The difference between a bodyguard and warrior exceeds the scope of my patience to inform you. Forsooth.”
“Whuh…”
She had a lot to learn, and the lessons of old were ingrained in everyone else. Erin was so flabbergasted by Mrsha’s retort that they got down the hill without much fuss. It was a straight shot from the inn to the gates, anyways.
“Hello! Any business today?”
The [Guard] knew Erin, of course, and they seemed relaxed. Lyonette assured one on duty all was well.
“We are simply headed to the, um, Mage’s Guild. Perhaps Liscor’s Council, even? There’s a situation in the Great Plains.”
She was a bit worried because they all sensed it. Mrsha was antsy.
This could be bad. An Antinium? He wasn’t harmed, apparently, but he was an Antinium far from home. Erin looked resolved, but to everyone’s surprise, the [Guard] just nodded.
“Liscor’s Council has already moved on the issue. We had orders to let Miss Solstice know they’re prepared for a brief meeting at her convenience. I believe Strategists Venaz and Wil also visited the guild, and, um, Strategos Olesm had a brief communication with Magus Grimalkin.”
“Huh? Wh…they did?”
The rest of the guard on the gates was watching Erin, but the [Innkeeper] was more surprised than anyone. In fact—as the party moved into the city, to Mrsha’s keen ears, one of the [Guards] could be heard whispering.
“Is that the Human? She’s not nearly as scary as everyone said. She’s shorter than I thought, too.”
Erin twitched a bit and frowned, but the [Guard] gave them no more trouble. Indeed…although citizens of Liscor noticed Erin, it was almost the procession that attracted more attention.
Four Thronebearers, a Doombearer, Gire the [Paragon], and a Gold-ranked team. All surrounding Erin. And when they reached the Mage’s Guild where Garia had been sent from with a copy of the [Message]…
Well, everything was sorted.
 
——
 
“Wait, what you do mean, sorted?”
