9.00
Page 45
Transport him safely back to Liscor! If he dies or is hurt, the quest is off. Keep him safe from bad people like Walled Cities or [Bounty Hunters]. Oh, and keep him fed and happy.
Posted Reward: Free food for a week! Within reason.
Quest Reward: 80 gold pieces, experience in <Escort>, <Guard> classes.
 
Erin Solstice smiled and looked around as she regarded her three posted quests. Then she stretched and turned to her audience.
By now, they were all there. The Horns, Mrsha, Goblins, citizens of Liscor, and even Apista, buzzing on top of Rasktooth’s head. Erin Solstice inhaled—then began hacking because there was dust everywhere.
She caught her breath and looked at everyone. Erin rubbed at her face and smiled.
“I’m back, guys. And I brought something with me. I have…messages for some of you.”
She looked at Ceria Springwalker, and the half-Elf flinched slightly, but she was caught by Erin. The [Innkeeper] swept her gaze over them, and they realized what she meant. She had brought something back.
From the lands of the dead. For them. Erin Solstice stared at Octavia, then a naked Drake jogging up. And the secrets of alchemy whispered in her mind, waiting to be posted as quests. She looked at Numbtongue, and the Hobgoblin felt an electric thrill run up his spine as Erin fixed her gaze on his sword.
What she said was this. With a smile, with weariness, but also, leaning forwards on her wheelchair, speaking earnestly.
“I’m a bit tired. I know you’ve all done so much, and I have to do things differently. We all do. But I’m back, and I won’t be still forever. I want to talk to you. So talk to me. And…and I think we need to do more good things.”
She looked around.
“I want to have more fun. I want to experience great moments with you all and help you with anything you want to do. And fall in…”
She trailed off. Erin Solstice looked back and met their gazes. Then she coughed again.
“Sorry about the guild. I guess I’ll post the other quests later. Party at The Wandering Inn!”
Slowly, she pushed herself forwards, and one of the Thronebearers helped her over the rocky ground. Erin rolled forwards until the silence became voices. Then cheering as Numbtongue and Jelaqua and the others lifted her chair overhead. She left behind a broken Adventurer’s Guild and chaos.
And The Wandering Inn? It was back in business. The first Mythical Quest was posted again on the walls later that day. It would not be the last.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: …And we’re back. Volume 9 has begun and I’m tired. Time for another break!
I’m kidding. Or am I? In truth, I think I actually spent the first fourteen days of rest just recovering. Only after that period did I feel like a person, and I ran into some severe exhaustion, but I think a lot of it’s cleared up.
I definitely needed the month off and, as promised, I’m back. But also as promised—I’m trying to take it easy.
With a 28,000 word chapter to bring us into Volume 9. It could be 38,000. It could be 48,000. It’ll be a work in progress, filled with false promises I’m sure, but we’re going to try and take it easy.
And work on Volume 1’s rewrite! And maybe other stuff! I will keep you posted and no, the schedule I showed Patreons will not be the set plan. I’m going to play it by ear this month and get back into writing. Also, no side story poll! Sorry, but for the first few chapters it’d be weird if you voted on the first few chapters.
