9.00
Page 40
Erin had used foolscap parchment, cheap, frayed, and practically tearing itself to write down her little request. It already had a few breaks, but despite all three practically leaning on it, it wasn’t so much as fraying.
And then they noticed that lettering…shining. Selys Shivertail looked at the words, and one stood out to her. Slowly, she looked at Erin, who was watching the altercation with exasperation and amusement.
“Erin. What is that?”
Everyone turned to the [Innkeeper] as Jewel finally let go, and Lyonette and Todi went stumbling. Erin smiled. It was that wide, too-innocent smile of someone who knew exactly what they were doing.
“Todi, right? Give me that.”
He had it in his hands. Selys and Lyonette held out their hands, but Erin beckoned.
“Give. I can always make a new one, I think.”
“I, er…”
“Give.”
The Gold-rank Captain looked from the [Princess] of Calanfer to Selys, his employer and [Heiress] and owner of the Heartflame Breastplate. Then at Erin Solstice. He performed a quick calculation and handed the parchment over.
“Todi!”
Selys and Lyonette began to argue, but Erin was already turning back to the wall. Todi stepped back, checked his wand and sword, and elbowed Jewel hard. She jumped and looked at him.
“That’s how a Gold-rank adventurer does it, amateur.”
Never let it be said that Todi couldn’t read the room. He watched Selys and Lyonette trying to dissuade Erin Solstice. Jewel stared at Erin, and so did Todi. Because they, like Selys, had seen something of what that parchment said. Erin raised the hammer and nail as Tekshia Shivertail woke up from her nap in her office upstairs and wondered what all the damn shouting was about.
 
——
 
On the topic of Quests. The announcement that had rung through the ears of every [Innkeeper] in the world ten days ago was one of the many things that had happened.
To inquiring minds, it was very significant. As much as new lands rising? Well…in some ways, yes.
For instance, Timbor Parithad had heard the announcement in his head like this:
 
<Class: Innkeeper> [Quests unlocked.]
[Post: Basic Quest obtained!]
[Post: Rare Quest obtained!]
 
Very respectable for a Level 30+ [Innkeeper] like him. He, like every other [Innkeeper], had panicked a bit, made sure everyone else had heard it, and done some experimentation.
The benefits were already becoming apparent—if figures of authority even knew this had happened.
Chaldion of Pallass, for instance, knew. Because he was Chaldion, and the owner of The Noble’s Fancy, the fanciest inn in Pallass, had let him know what was going on via way of Rufelt.
That had incidentally gotten one of the junior [Strategists] assigned to sifting through reports reprimanded severely, because she hadn’t forwarded the information to Chaldion, considering it not worth his time given all that was going on.
Right now, he was standing with the Drake in the aristocratic halls of the inn, which was more like a mansion and catered to the richest clients. If you wanted to feel like Terandrian royalty—this was the place.
“So you can post [Rare Quests], but nothing more?”
“No, Grand Strategist.”
“What is your level at this moment, Innkeeper Adalton?”
The Drake hesitated. He was wearing a suit rather reminiscent of a butler, but he’d added some flared inner cloth that shone bright yellow with Pallass’ colors when he moved to the somber exterior. He had a lot of respect for Chaldion, but he was still a private person.
“Er…”
“Let me rephrase that. Are you over Level 40?”
Rufelt coughed, because he knew the answer to this one. The Drake hemmed and hawed, and Chaldion sighed.
