9.00
Page 42
The Drake looked around, frowning. The [Innkeeper] glanced around The Noble’s Fancy, wondering if one of the brats of his…esteemed guests had found a hammer.
“Do you hear that?”
“Hear what?”
Rufelt, Chaldion, and his escort looked back. Adalton rubbed at one earhole.
“Nothing. But I could swear—huh?”
TOC. This time the sound was louder. And the Drake felt it in his scales, like a vibration. He flinched, and Chaldion’s magical eye fixed on him.
“What?”
“That sound! Can you hear—hey! Who’s—it’s not in my inn. My head!”
Adalton grabbed his head and looked around. The sound changed. The sound of a hammer hitting a nail had grown louder, but it couldn’t be called that now.
Thum. It echoed. Adalton gazed around wildly, then his head turned and fixed in a strange direction.
“What in the name of flying squirrels is that?”
Chaldion held up a claw, and one of the [Soldiers] escorting him hesitated, a claw on his sword. The [Strategist] eyed Adalton’s head and looked at the wall.
“What direction is that?”
“Grand Strategist? Er…”
“North?”
“North.”
Rufelt confirmed quietly. Both Chaldion and the [Barkeeper] looked at each other and knew at once. Chaldion wavered between here and the door. He decided to stay and watch, but turned to one of his escort.
“Get me Grimalkin. Send him into Liscor now. Signal Manus, and tell them to find an [Innkeeper]. High priority.”
Adalton flinched again. The sound was growing louder. And his inn—Chaldion looked up as, finally, the other people heard it and saw it.
The walls vibrated. And if they were moving here—the sound in Adalton’s head grew louder. He clapped his claws over his earholes.
And in Liscor?
 
——
 
“What is going on in my Guild?”
Tekshia Shivertail came down the stairs with spear in hand, screaming. When she saw Erin Solstice, she stopped.
“You!”
She would have gone for Erin, but then it happened again. The [Innkeeper] raised that hammer in slow motion…everything felt like it was slow. The [Spearmaster] wondered if it were a time dilation Skill. She started forwards, and then the [Innkeeper] struck the nail again, hammering the piece of parchment into the wall.
Toc.
The entire Adventurer’s Guild shook. Tekshia raised her spear, but what was she going to do? Instead, she looked around.
“Get—get out of the guild! Now!”
No one needed to be told twice. Todi was already running Selys out. Lyonette hesitated.
“Erin!”
The [Innkeeper] didn’t seem to hear her, she was so focused. Lyonette looked around.
“Stay with her!”
She ordered the Thronebearers forwards and ran for it. Tekshia hesitated, but this was more than just worry about the sound. Erin brought the hammer down one more time, and Tekshia saw and felt her guild—
Crack. A splinter cracked the old, sturdy masonry on one wall. Tekshia stared at it in horror; it was like the earthquakes she’d seen! The crack ran up to the ceiling in a flash. Then part of the ceiling collapsed.
“My guild!”
The [Spearmaster] howled. And then that hammer drew back again, and she saw the words glowing on the parchment. Tekshia froze.
The hammer fell once more. Outside, the audience saw a wall fall down and the guild begin to collapse. Watch Captain Zevara had her head in her hands.
She had not expected this.
 
——
 
Timbor Parithad was shouting. Everyone in his inn was staring as the [Innkeeper] stumbled around.
“What’s going on, Timbor?”
Imani came out of her kitchen, and Timbor stumbled past her. The Horns were on their feet. They had the same thought as most.
“The Wandering Inn. Get to—”
