9.00
Page 21
“We’ll handle it. We’re requesting transport for the Antinium; the trick will be getting an escort or the Drake cities to hold off…doing anything. It’s very tricky, but I wish to be clear—we do not need Goblins…or Antinium…or anyone else sallying out there. In fact, I was going to ask if the Horns of Hammerad would accept a discounted escort request.”
Councilmember Lism steepled his claws and looked over the table as Erin Solstice stared around Liscor’s Council. Mrsha waved at Krshia and Elirr and got nods from them and Raekea. Erin Solstice opened her mouth, but Ceria got there first.
“Pass. That’s a long way to go there and back.”
“Understandable. The Tribes are also willing to discuss the issue. What we don’t need, Miss Solstice, is Antinium…disruption. Senior Guardsman Klbkch was very understanding on the issue. Pallass has also agreed to move their door to allow the Antinium to skip the Bloodfields trip, provided he makes it there. So. We’ll look into the trip back. It may be a matter of funding, but Strategos Olesm has expressed a desire to use any funds for a soldier of Liscor’s 2nd Army. And the Antinium have agreed to also fund any escort…”
It was all very relaxed. Stinky Lism didn’t even sneer, although Mrsha still didn’t like him. They had a plan, and they’d put it into action.
To help the Antinium Soldier get back. Erin hesitated.
“Yeah, but…what if he gets hurt? What if someone goes after him?”
“We will endeavor not to let that happen. Believe me, Miss Solstice, no one wants more bloodshed.”
Councilmember Jeiss replied. And it was true, but still Erin hesitated.
“But if we could be sure…”
“Miss Solstice. The most dangerous thing would be for a…Goblin riding a Wyvern to suddenly appear in the Great Plains. Wouldn’t you agree? We’re aware there’s a risk of kidnapping given the value of—”
Today was the day of kicks. Mrsha noticed these things because she was lower to the ground, so she saw Krshia stomp on Lism’s tail. He shut up, and Erin nodded rapidly.
“So there is a risk! I’ll, um…”
She looked at the Horns and around the room, and the Council rose to their feet.
“Miss Solstice, there’s no need. We will send you daily updates. On the hour, if need be, and I will let you know how the transport is arranged, and…we’ll put one of our [Clerks] on it. But please, I trust you’re recovering well?”
Lism spoke rapidly, and Erin hesitated.
“Um…I just need to do some muscle strengthening. You know, rest up the body. I can’t keep trying to regenerate with a potion. I got stabbed, apparently, and someone dropped me two hundred feet onto the ground. Sort of sucks.”
“Indeed. Well, I hope you will recover very soon. If we can help at all.”
“But about the Antinium—”
“Leave it to us, leave it to us. Best wishes, Miss Solstice, get well soon, and may I personally thank you on behalf of the Council for your valuable time—”
And before they knew it, they were standing in the hallway, and Erin had the most mystified look on her face. She opened her mouth and almost went to wheel herself back into the room, but then she gave up.
“Lyonette. They’re actually competent! What do I do?”
“Maybe…let them do their jobs, Erin? Isn’t it for the best?”
“Yeah, but…”
Erin Solstice looked around. Numbtongue leaned down and whispered to her.
“Don’t worry. If the Council is stupid, the Fellowship will go get him. We’ll take horses. Very smart.”
“I…the Fellowship will?”
“Or Strategist Perorn. The students of the Forgotten Wing Company will also ensure it. Chieftain Feshi is one of them.”
Gireulashia murmured. Erin Solstice hesitated, and Bird nodded importantly.
