9.00
Page 8
Mrsha was already tipping the bucket into the cauldron. She checked the glowing crystal half-submerged in the clear water just in case; it glowed a pure blue.
No contaminants. It was one of the things Imani had brought to the kitchen. Apparently most [Chefs] invested in such things, especially for water.
The quest was done. Mrsha the Water Fetcher closed her eyes, and even in her rush, Imani slowed a moment.
For here it came. The water being deposited into the cauldron was something only Mrsha, Imani, and Ser Sest saw. It was conceivable that the quest-poster might have sensed the water being poured, just as she had noticed the water running low, but she didn’t need to be actively monitoring the situation.
Something else was watching, and Mrsha felt a vague thrill even for the thirty-second time as she heard that voice in her head announce…
 
<Basic Quest – A Bucket of Water completed!>
 
Nothing other than that, at least in words. But the feeling of completion was instantaneously followed by a small sound and a glow of light. Imani looked up, and Mrsha opened her paws.
Even now, she stared up in awe at something…new. Something unheard of, that everyone was speculating about. The new power of [Innkeepers]—all [Innkeepers] apparently, and even some people working in related professions.
But especially this one. Mrsha saw the glow of gentle light turn from bright white into…two copper coins.
They fell out of the air and into her paws, and she stared at them. Just two copper coins, one slightly notched in the side, worn from use. They had Pallass’ logo on them; they must have been minted in the Walled City, and the Merchant’s Guild had ratified them.
Ordinary copper coins. Which had just appeared the instant she finished her quest.
That was magic. That was…well, frankly unbelievable.
Quests? Were they living in a fairy tale or Numbtongue’s video games? Mrsha flipped a copper coin up and down and felt it. Then she noticed something else.
Hold up. Hold up. Mrsha’s eyes went round, and Ser Sest murmured.
“Eternal Throne.”
Something else floated down from the air. Imani blinked as a third flash of light produced…Mrsha grabbed for the falling object in astonishment. It had happened again! She held up the huge, bright blue feather and heard the voice speaking.
 
<Quest Reward: 2 Copper Coins awarded. Bonus Item: Arctic Corabird Feather awarded.>
 
A bonus item. Mrsha knew that had not been on the quest description. It had not been guaranteed. It was…a bonus.
But where had it come from? Nowhere? Somewhere? Bird’s stash? Mrsha stared at the feather and knew, knew that Bird didn’t have a feather this nice. It was a brilliant cobalt-blue, but it had this wonderful white striation near the base. Faint white lines like snow across the sky.
It was probably worth more than two copper coins. Possibly as much as eight, if you sold it to a [Fletcher]. Then again, a certain feather-maniac would give Mrsha gold coins without a second’s hesitation for this.
Did the voice know that? Or was it just a random reward? Was this bird native to Izril, or was it truly just coincidence that Mrsha got a feather? Then again, she’d also been awarded with a bit of quartz, an extra copper coin, and a tomato in the last ten quests.
Not even a good tomato, and no, she hadn’t been allowed to eat it. Imani didn’t freak out like everyone had the first time it had happened, but she still gasped and stopped working.
“It happened again! A feather this time? Good job, Mrsha!”
