9.00
Page 31
He was lost for words. Erin Solstice slowly wheeled herself across the grass, cursing the increased friction. But she didn’t have to go far, and she sighed as she stared at the city of Liscor.
Prove it. Everything that happened after this would depend on that, wouldn’t it? Because she had something to ask of them. More than any one person should. Ceria wasn’t wrong.
Prove. It.
Slowly, Erin Solstice pushed herself to the lip of the hill, where the incline began. She hesitated—and then wheeled herself down the hill. Slowly, the wheelchair began to speed up, and Erin realized she’d made a mistake.
“Uh oh. Someone always helped me d—waitasecondI’mgoingtoofast! Argh!”
She couldn’t grab the spinning wheels. That was how the Watch saw a screaming [Innkeeper] going down the hill towards the eastern gates. Bird stared down from his tower at Erin as she blurred down the hill and then hit a bump.
“Ooh. Ah. Ouch.”
He looked down at the sprawled figure on the grass as a [Guard] ran over to her. But Bird felt it. Slowly, carefully, he inserted an egg between his mandibles and crunched on it.
“Erin is back. Yay, yay. I wonder what will explode first?”
 
——
 
The [Guardsman] on duty was a Drake on the force, five years experience, no Senior Guardsman, but he’d seen all the big action.
His name was Vamolt, and he knew.
They all knew. The eastern wall had seen the [Innkeeper] leaving her inn, unattended. True, she could have been going for a little roll, but everyone was super protective of her. That she then went down the hill and wiped out?
They knew. But like men and women staring down at the pebbles of dirt careening down the slope, they thought it might not be an avalanche.
The little clod of dirt spun and bounced. The [Innkeeper] was swearing as she levered herself up.
“Miss Solstice? Can I help…?”
“That was scary! Who does that for fun? Actually…I could do that again. But not if I crash! Hey, thanks, who are you?”
“Guardsman Vamolt, Miss Solstice. Can I help you back to your inn?”
Vamolt saw Erin Solstice smile as he helped her into her chair and brushed grass and dirt off her arms. She shook her head.
“Nah, I’m just…going into the city for a bit. The Adventurer’s Guild. I’ll pop in and out, don’t worry.”
She gave him a quick grin, and he gave her a sickly salute and smile. She wheeled past him, muttering about getting a wheelchair with brakes. And he knew.
“Vamolt. Vamolt.”
The [Guards] on the eastern wall had watched her wheel past. They waved him over, and he almost ran towards his coworkers. A Gnoll hissed at him. A pair of Humans were staring at Erin, looking amused and uncomprehending. New hires. Oh, they were from Celum and a village respectively, but they didn’t know.
“Did you see that smile? Your Ancestors, it’s happening.”
“I know. Did the Watch Sergeant see?”
One of the two Humans looked at the Gnoll and Drake whispering.
“Uh, Vamolt, Senior Guardsman Derra, what’s wrong? That’s the [Innkeeper], right? She didn’t cause trouble yesterday.”
“Yeah. But she’s smiling. Watch Sergeant—”
The Watch Sergeant on the walls came hurrying down.
“I saw it. I’ve sent a [Message] to Watch Captain Zevara already. Are you two sure? I’m sure.”
The two Humans looked from the Drakes and Gnolls with growing apprehension. Vamolt shuddered.
“It’s the smile. No chance yesterday with the [Princess] and the escort.”
“The [Princess]?”
“Shush, newbies. Catch up on common knowledge. This is crucial. We’re all in agreement, then?”
The [Guards] nodded. The Watch Sergeant closed her eyes and then nodded.
