9.00
Page 39
“Miss Erin. I, um—I’m sorry for bothering you. Let me make it up to you. I’m Jewel, Captain of Glitterblade. A Gold-rank team. As an apology, I’d be happy to accept any request you’re putting up.”
That was her way out. A bit of the old Moribus Oblige—adventurer’s responsibility in the old language. It might have even worked on someone else.
Erin Solstice stopped with the hammer raised. Jewel noticed that the cheap parchment that the young woman was writing on had…glittering lettering. Some fancy [Alchemist]’s ink? Erin gave Jewel a long look that made the [Swashbuckler] feel as if she were looking straight through her. Then Erin smiled.
“Yeah. That’s a kind offer. But I don’t think it’ll really work. Your team might be under-level for this one. No offense.”
The sheer audacity of that statement left Jewel at a loss for words. The laugher that ran around the room made Jewel flush. So she grabbed the request.
 
——
 
“She’s killing herself. I’m going in!”
Insill stood up, but half a dozen hands from other adventurers pulled him back. They were watching all of it like a wagon heading towards an adamantium wall. Jewel was making a lot of mistakes, but again, to be fair—she was something of a prodigy.
A Gold-rank adventurer at her age? She had over 30 levels in [Swashbuckler], and her team had killed fearsome monsters, if not Adult Crelers. Being told she was underleveled for Erin’s request had to sting—and Erin was in her antagonistic mode.
Grabbing the parchment was still the wrong move, though. Erin’s eyes flashed as Jewel snapped to everyone present.
“I’ll be the judge of that, Miss. My team will do it free if it’s—”
And then someone came to spoil this wonderful moment. Lyonette du Marquin charged into the guild with all four Thronebearers behind her. She spotted Erin and pointed.
“No! Selys—get in here!”
Here came the cavalry. Selys Shivertail ran into the guild followed by a second group. No less than Todi’s Elites and Todi himself. All of them, [Knights], adventurers, [Princess], and [Heiress] ran at Erin.
“No, you don’t, Erin! What are you doing?”
Lyonette advanced on the [Innkeeper] as Erin groaned. Erin put her hands up.
“Lyonette, I have to—”
“You’ve just recovered! Do you have to make a scene?”
“It’s really important. No one believes me. Dalimont, tell her! I was dead! And I had this—”
“You didn’t tell me. What are you doing? Give me that, Miss.”
Lyonette grabbed for the parchment, and Jewel held on, staring at Todi. Selys was looking around.
“Todi, grab that. Erin, do you have your rings on?”
“Stop babying me! And if one of you Thronebearers puts a hand on my wheelchair, I’ll set you on fire! Back, back!”
Erin produced a knife, and because it was Pelt’s, everyone backed up as she waved it around. Lyonette was sweating, and Selys saw the parchment in Jewel’s hand. Both [Princess] and adventurer were fighting for it, and the funny thing was—
They thought they could stop this. Seborn was chortling so loudly that Todi noticed him. The Gold-rank veteran hesitated, but Selys snapped.
“Todi, get the parchment.”
“Todi? What are you—let go! I’m going to accept—who is this?”
“Give me that, Jewel. What are you, a Bronze-rank rookie?”
Todi snapped and tried to grab the parchment, but Jewel was hanging onto it like the last shreds of sanity. The piece of parchment stretched between all three hands as they fought for it, and then Lyonette, Jewel, and Todi realized something.
