9.00
Page 29
“Yes, of course. I remember him.”
“I—good. What—what about Gerial? Do you mean his family? Or…?”
“No.”
Erin was regretting bringing it up already, yet something in her was telling her to.
“His last words.”
“I remember them.”
Ceria spoke flatly, but her grip was tight on a fry. She looked at Erin.
“I—what about him?”
“No, not those last words. I mean…I know…what he would have said to you, Ceria. I remember his last words.”
Erin blinked with almost as much astonishment as her friend as they came out. Yet she was certain.
Yet when she looked up, Ceria was shaking her head. Her features were wan, and there was pain in her gaze as she pushed her plate back.
“Erin, you weren’t there. He died in the crypt, remember? I was there. I heard him. He talked to you at the inn.”
“No, Ceria, I talked to him. He had a message for you and Calruz.”
The half-Elf hesitated. She stood up.
“He—I’m sure he did. But you weren’t there when he died, Erin. Sorry, can we discuss this later? I actually do have to go and…”
“I—yes. But it’s not that, Ceria. I met him.”
The half-Elf was already backing away. Erin had seen Ceria unruffled in far more trying circumstances, but she seemed pained and nervous. Afraid Erin was forgetting what happened. What mattered. Erin tried to push herself up.
“Ceria—”
“I know what you think, Erin. But just give me a moment. I’ll hear you out later.”
“Ceria. I saw him in the lands of the dead.”
The half-Elf froze on her way towards the door. She looked back at Erin, and the young woman sagged on the table, panting just trying to keep herself upright. Ishkr froze as he swept behind a table, and a [Knight], Ser Dalimont, paused on his walk around the inn. All three looked at Erin, but Ceria just hesitated. Her pale eyes lingered on Erin’s face and looked her up and down.
She had known Erin the longest among all of the [Innkeeper]’s friends. And yet—even the half-Elf hesitated. Was she afraid of it being true or…?
“I’m…not doubting you, Erin. But can you prove that? Because if you can’t—no offense, but I don’t—I don’t want to hear it. Sorry.”
She backed up and almost ran from the inn. Erin collapsed into her chair, panting. And there it was.
She believed. But like the most vivid of dreams, like Relc’s spear…how could she prove it? Erin clenched a fist and wanted to run after Ceria and apologize.
It had slipped out. A terrible compulsion. Like how she wanted to shout and find a—a—
“Nanette? And—and—find—a map…”
The needs and things she had to do pressed on her again. Erin put her hands to her head. But how could she prove…?
“Miss Solstice, is everything well?”
Ser Dalimont approached with a cool glass of water. Erin looked up at a man…whom she had never really met. One of Lyonette’s [Knights]. And he was going to be a problem, but no one wanted to talk with Erin about it.
Lyonette would ‘deal with it’. Erin needed to rest. They had it covered.
But that was the last thing the [Innkeeper] wanted. Erin squinted at Ser Dalimont as she sipped the water.
“Sorry. I—that was the wrong way to do it.”
“Perhaps, Miss Solstice.”
This particular Thronebearer was refreshing in that he didn’t lie. Erin blinked, but then smiled a bit. She invited Dalimont to sit.
“I—I’m not sure what’s real. You heard that?”
“Yes, Miss Solstice. Did the dead speak to you?”
She squinted at him, but the man didn’t smile or smirk.
“Do you believe that?”
Ser Dalimont rubbed at his chin.
“Shall we say, Miss Solstice, that I don’t doubt the dead can do anything? I have seen ghosts.”
“Everyone has, apparently.”
“Mm. Before the incident at the Great Plains as well.”
“Wh—really?”
