9.00
Page 7
She didn’t actually resent the quest that much. It was just—when you thought about it, it was clearly just a way to have fun. Because Mrsha’s single bucket wouldn’t do much, would it? Now, Ishkr could take like four buckets to the inn. In terms of water-hauling, Mrsha would freely admit she was a poor choice for optimization.
But someone loved posting quests—at least for Mrsha. So the Gnoll was fumbling with the door handle, cursing the tyranny of tall people and doorknobs and wishing she were an Antinium with four arms, when someone opened the door and bowed.
Now, it was important to understand that at this point, Mrsha wasn’t actually that upset. She was more grumbling for the fun of it, and the quests hadn’t lost their allure entirely such that she was upset. She was enjoying being put-upon and rather glad that she’d gotten the quest.
However, the moment the door opened and the shining figure in gold armor bowed, one hand across his chest, the other moving back—she got an actual scowl on her face.
“Lady Mrsha? May I assist you w—”
Sir Sest backed away as she swung the bucket dangerously. Mrsha slapped something on her hand as he reached for the bucket, and a little, dangling stone chirped a sound.
“No.”
She fumbled with it, and another pre-programmed response played.
“I’m busy. Go away.”
Sir Sest ran a finger along the thin, perfectly plucked mustache running across his upper lip. Mrsha thought it looked like a black centipede. His hair was perfectly combed. and his armor gleamed, a vivid gold that was brighter than the actual thing.
The motifs of Calanfer, the Eternal Throne, shone on the Thronebearer’s armor as he bowed.
“I see. It must be a grand quest, Lady Mrsha. Then allow me to humbly assist you upon your task!”
And he proceeded to hold the door open as Mrsha glared at him. Yes, it made her life easier, but the Thronebearer followed her as she walked into the inn on two feet, and then he bowed to the harried [Princess] cleaning tables.
“Mrsha? Oh, is it water? Thank you. It’s a quest, isn’t it?”
Yup. And I’ve got a leech.
Mrsha gave Lyonette du Marquin a glare and jerked a thumb at the Thronebearer. Lyonette sighed, but she didn’t reprimand Ser Sest. If anything, the Thronebearer got what Lyonette probably thought was a covert nod of approval.
Mrsha’s glare intensified. Yes, the inn was back, but things were different. And…
Well. Lyonette was here. Her mother was scrubbing tables, and even if a horrified Ser Lormel was doing likewise with Ishkr to spare her the work—even if Ser Sest was almost always lurking around, or Dame Ushar or Ser Dalimont—
Mrsha would take it over the bad times of before any day. It was just annoying. So, sighing, she walked into the kitchen.
“Breakfast isn’t ready. I told you, Palt. Timbor has to w—oh, Mrsha?”
A harried [Chef] with her hair tied back was snapping before she saw Mrsha. Imani pointed Mrsha at the water cauldron, which was running low.
“Thank you, Mrsha! Have you seen Palt?”
Mrsha had not, and Imani was whipping together breakfast anyways. True, she could just reheat some pre-made food, but fresh, hot food was still something good. It looked like today was a sweet yogurt and salads.
So that’s where it went. Well, Mrsha brightened up as she saw a bowl that looked very tasty. Chock full of sweet fruits and even a glowing Sweetberry. Imani noticed the look.
“It’ll be six minutes or less, Mrsha. Can you put the water there? Is Erin…?”
She’s awake. Mrsha nodded, and Imani glanced towards the door.
“I have to finish up and run to the Drunken Gnoll. Just put the water there, please.”
