9.00
Page 27
Erin tossed and turned in bed, but even that made her tired. She knew she should try and work out her arms and legs, but it was so much effort. She had never known how hard it was just to…raise one leg.
It was scary. But the scariest part had been that morning when she saw Relc’s face. When she realized she’d…forgotten he had a spear. She was utterly convinced he never had one, but everyone else thought differently.
Reality is not real. Why did that put a chill down her spine? Erin tossed around in her bed until she realized what she was doing.
It took her nearly twelve minutes to get to her wheelchair next to her bed and pull herself over to the table, but she sat at it and moved a glowing piece in the night. It was dark, and she thought she wouldn’t get a response—so she was setting up another board when the piece moved.
Without a second’s hesitation, Erin began to play. Quickly, running through familiar tactics, pressing her opponent hard. He—and it was a he—had tried to write something on the Go board, but Erin just set that up and began to play.
She went after her ‘mysterious opponent’ like a fireball. He wasn’t prepared for the onslaught and gave her a game, but rallied to a draw in the second one. Since he didn’t know Go as well as she did, she took another win there.
Three games became five, then six. Then Erin realized she’d been playing for two hours and called it a night. Her opponent signed off with a ‘gt wll sn.’
She didn’t know what to say back to him. She just wrote ‘tnks’ on the chessboard. That was familiar, but it wasn’t what reassured her.
I lost one game. It was hard. I’m not…trapped.
Erin Solstice breathed out again and was reassured. She vaguely remembered why. She remembered an ominous presence, a conversation…and yes, a name.
But she refused to speak it. The young woman wheeled herself back to her bed and lay down once more.
She forgot nothing. The scope of what she had seen and done might be too much for a mortal mind, but the quests burned in her head. The promises.
The sacrifice.
If she thought of it, she would weep. If she thought of it, she burned to stand up, and—Erin gritted her teeth.
“I promise.”
She tried to get up. She tried to summon a sword or an umbrella and prop herself up. She clung to the memories of glorious ghosts and pushed herself out of her bed.
“Stand—”
It was Lyonette who found Erin crawling on the floor, trying to push herself up. The [Princess] saw the [Innkeeper] staring up at her.
“Erin? Ushar, Ushar—”
They got her back to bed. Erin didn’t explain. She didn’t think she needed to. She knew her frustration had to be on her face. She just wished they weren’t so…hesitant.
All my fault. I never should have gone for a walk.
Erin remembered dying. She remembered the surprise, the fear…she shuddered and remembered their faces.
Never again. But that went double for everything. She had woken up, but she was not the same Erin Solstice who had gone to sleep. She couldn’t…
She couldn’t do this. Not anymore. Erin Solstice lay there.
“I just woke up, and I’m already tired. But I have to…”
She tried to move limbs of lead and growled. The inn groaned uneasily in the night, and Erin Solstice whispered.
“I promised.”
 
——
 
In the morning, it was no better. Oh, Erin had things to distract herself with, but she…
She couldn’t talk to them.
Not Mrsha, nor Lyonette, nor Ceria. Erin hadn’t even tried at first, just hugged them and listened to all that had passed since she had died. She hadn’t even heard the whole story, she knew. Pisces hadn’t told her much, but somehow…
