9.00
Page 37
“Um…excuse me? Sorry, I’m Erin.”
What a familiar name. Jewel thought she knew it, but where had she…? She put on a big smile as she nodded.
“Adventurer Jewel, Miss. What are you looking for, exactly?”
“Where’s your, uh, job board? That place where you put up requests?”
Jewel instantly pointed to a cork board at one side of the guild where a few adventurers were perusing the assignments on display. Kill a certain monster in the dungeon and harvest its parts, eradicate pests or dangers to the villages—those were stock standard. Some people put bounties on pests in their homes or something more interesting, but Jewel was used to not actually accepting many requests.
Frankly, killing monsters and getting their bounties in the dungeon was more profitable, or hoping you found a treasure room. Not that she’d been doing either; her team had come back from a semi-profitable Wyvern hunting expedition for that huge bounty. Two Wyverns was four thousand gold pieces. Not bad for a week of jumping at every shadow in the High Passes and waiting for a Wyvern to take the bait.
Yes, the bounty was still being claimed because there was still money in the Adventurer’s Guild vaults. Until it ran out…well, Liscor was the place to be in Jewel’s mind. It had access to two major cities, and she’d heard so much about it.
Not enough, apparently, to recognize Erin’s name. The young woman thanked her and began wheeling over to the board. She had two pieces of parchment, and she’d even brought her own hammer and a nail.
“Oh—excuse me, Miss Erin. You can’t do that.”
Jewel intercepted the young woman and saved her from making a mistake. Erin frowned at Jewel.
“What? Why? I’m just going to put this up…”
“I’m afraid only registered requests can go up there. You’ll need to run it by a [Receptionist]. Just over there, see?”
Plus, who hammered nails into a cork board? Erin Solstice opened her mouth and hesitated.
“But I have an, uh, an actual quest type thing. I know Selys, one of the [Receptionists]. I’ll just…”
She tried to wheel around Jewel, but the Gold-rank adventurer was insistent.
“You can’t do that, Miss. That’s a board for Gold-rank requests, anyways.”
Erin was trying to get to a sparsely-occupied board. It wasn’t the backrooms of Invrisil’s Adventurer’s Guild with its pecking order, but there were still a few Gold-rank teams in Liscor, and Jewel blocked Erin. She was treated to a kindly, if exasperated smile.
“I know, excuse me. I’ll talk to the Guildmistress or anyone. I’m just going to…”
“Let me just get a [Receptionist] for you, Miss. Gold-rank requests are very expensive, and you have to put down gold first to prove you can back it. I’m sure it’s vital—excuse me! Can we get a [Receptionist] for…?”
And then Jewel turned Erin around in her chair and began rolling her towards the counter. It was all very well-intentioned, if pushy, but it was a continuation of Erin’s treatment for the last ten days.
By a stranger. Now, at this point the real question was: what would come next? Also, why had no one stopped Jewel?
Surely someone in the guild knew her. Of course they did. But half the [Receptionists] had already slipped out the back doors and were staring through the windows. As for the other Gold-rank teams or veterans?
“Hey. Hey. Anith. Look what that Gold-adventurer’s doing.”
Insill whispered in horror as he watched the entire event unfold. Anith looked up from his book as Vuliel Drae watched Jewel first meet Erin. Anith hesitated.
“We should stop her.”
He knew Erin Solstice, but before the Jackal Beastkin could move, someone else grabbed his arm.
