9.00
Page 12
The admonition faded as someone else hurried into the inn after Gire. A scolding Drake, Selys Shivertail, caught herself and waved a claw as she adjusted her light dress. Erin Solstice frowned—at Selys.
“Selys, it’s okay! Hi, Gire!”
“Hullo, Miss Erin.”
Gire ducked her head abashedly, but Erin just smiled hugely.
“Gire can have all the fun she wants, right, Mrsha? I’m not made of glass!”
She looked around challengingly, and no one exactly met her eyes. Ksmvr replied brightly.
“No, you are not a Golem. Although, I would say that in light of your condition, if you wanted to replace your legs, I have observed that a housecat has benefited very well from…”
Another kick, this time from Pisces and Yvlon each, shut him up. Ksmvr then made it worse by covering his mandibles with all four hands.
Four hands. Not three. His last hand was a bit stumpy since the digits were regrowing, but the Antinium could apparently regrow limbs with their gel. It didn’t work on Goblins or anyone else. They had asked, again, for Erin.
The [Innkeeper] bore it all in stride as they began to eat their colorful breakfast of fruit. Numbtongue hadn’t said much this morning, only patted Mrsha on the head. He looked a bit sleepy, but he never missed breakfast.
No one would. Even Bird had come down. Of course, he and Numbtongue glumly stared at their meatless, birdless dish, but they began to eat up as Imani narrowed her eyes at them.
“I have to run. Erin, I’ll see you later.”
“Oh, thanks, Imani. Um, do we have food for today? I could…”
“You’re all set. No need to cook.”
“Right, right. Gotcha. Thanks for breakfast!”
Imani vanished out the door with a smile. Not the magic door…it wasn’t at the inn. The regular door. Erin dug a spoon into her bowl just in time for a vibrating Bird to break the silence.
“Mrsha. Where did you get that feather? Have you been hunting without me? Is there a blue bird around Liscor? I. Demand. Answers.”
He slapped the table hard enough to make the bowls jump. Gire watched with a look of delighted fascination as Mrsha waved the feather in Bird’s face.
“Bird, do not be crude. It’s Mrsha’s quest reward.”
Lyonette scolded Bird. Instantly, he sat up.
“You can get feathers as rewards for Erin’s useless quests? Then they are not so useless.”
“Hey! They’re great! It’s the random rewards. It’s so amazing. Whaddya mean, useless?”
Erin protested. Everyone coughed or looked away. The [Innkeeper] was hurt.
“I’m putting down good money for easy quests!”
“I am Bird. I do not wash dishes.”
Mrsha, Numbtongue, and Ceria nodded emphatically.
“Guys. Listen. Quest posting isn’t easy. I’m still figuring it out. I can’t post just any quest. Believe me, I tried.”
“Oh, really? Pray, would there be anything to drink with this repast? Ser Knight, I shall have an orange juice, perhaps. Or some other refreshing beverage. Tea, if nothing else.”
Pisces flagged down Ser Sest, who gave him an affronted look. It was Selys and Yvlon’s turn to try and kick Pisces, but he had lifted his feet, so they just kicked Ceria instead. Mrsha and Gire giggled in delight and put in their order for goat’s milk, and since Lyonette asked for tea, Ser Sest obliged them all.
There were not, as yet, the Halfseekers. Or Joseph, Kevin, the [Strategists], Krshia or the other Gnolls, or even Tkrn or Inkar. Or Salkis, Gna, Rags, Badarrow, Snapjaw, Infinitypear…the list went on.
