9.00
Page 14
“Listen, buddy. Don’t use facts against me. I’m saying that I can feel it wouldn’t work. I cannot post a Basic Quest to kill more than…a nest or two of Shield Spiders. A thousand is way too much. For now? Huh. But I could post a Rare Quest to destroy a thousand Shield Spiders. However, I…I know I can’t ask you to do it for cheap. I could offer two copper coins to destroy a Shield Spider nest as a Basic Quest. I can’t do the same for a Rare Quest.”
Everyone tried to work that out. Gireulashia had emptied three bowls of yogurt.
“So you’re saying there are minimum requirements per quest.”
“Yes! Hey, that’s a great way of putting it.”
Mrsha patted Gire’s arm proudly. Bird took her feather, and Mrsha snatched for it, but he stopped her with one hand.
“I have the feather. It is mine by right of force and—”
Gire snatched it back so fast Bird was left staring at his hand. He gazed up at the [Paragon], who put it behind Mrsha’s ear.
“Oho. I have been challenged. Is it war?”
“Oh, dead gods. Bird—stop that!”
He raised all four arms and tried to grab for the feather, but Gire slapped the hands down in a blur, still eating with her other hand. Numbtongue looked quite amused…and somewhat intimidated by the fifteen-year-old [Paragon]. He joined Bird, and the blur of hands and Mrsha flailing her fists made Lyonette try to break up the fight.
“Stop that! We are having breakfast! Be civil, you two! This is not some—some backwater court!”
“No, it’s an inn. Shoo, shoo.”
Numbtongue retorted. Lyonette tried to stop them, but all the combatants were having fun. Then Bird picked up a cup.
“Aha! Water attack!”
He splashed at Gire, and the [Paragon] evaded the attack, rolling with Mrsha up in her arms. Numbtongue was less graceful, and Ceria also went ducking with a curse and smacked her head on the table.
“Whoa! Hold—argh!”
Then it happened. The dishes went bumping around, and Pisces and Yvlon rescued their side of the table with Ksmvr. Selys had already backed up from the child fight, but the jostling and dodging people knocked Erin Solstice over. Her chair—not perfectly designed—rotated at the wheels, and she hit the floor.
Instantly, the commotion stopped. Mrsha leapt down as Erin pushed herself up.
“Ow, you guys! Bird, you’re not a Pokemon. Don’t…”
Everyone surrounded Erin, and she looked up into the hush. Slowly, Erin began to push herself up but her arms trembled. Numbtongue instantly lifted Erin, and Pisces bent down on the other side.
“Guys, I’m fine. Guys…”
Erin was back in her wheelchair in a few seconds, but the mood had lost its playfulness. Mrsha hugged Erin, and Bird put the cup behind his back.
“I am sorry, Erin. It was all…Selys’ fault. She made me do it.”
The [Liar] pointed to Selys, and the Drake slapped his shoulder. Erin smiled, but weakly.
“I’m not hurt. It’s lots of fun, right?”
“Right.”
Everyone agreed. Super fun. No one was hurt.
The silence remained. Erin Solstice looked around and blew out her cheeks.
“I’m fine. Really.”
She’d just been dead. The [Innkeeper] stared around at all her loving friends and family and their uncertain looks behind the smiles. She took a huge breath and coughed. And coughed.
Coming back from the dead wasn’t easy. And before anyone could say anything else or get back on track, the first person broke into the inn.
“Excuse me—excuse me, Erin!”
Someone had gotten past Ser Lormel on door-duty. Garia Strongheart jogged into the inn, and everyone turned in relief. Garia was waving a slip of parchment with a [Message] on it.
