9.00
Page 24
“It is not? Aside from Jeiss, I believe you are the only partner I can practice with. And vice versa.”
“But I have to work! True…it’s getting me back in shape.”
The [Spearmaster] and [Swordslayer] had a different relationship since both had come back to Liscor. If anything…it seemed better than before. Almost like they’d changed traits.
Relc was a bit more responsible. A bit. And he actually knew the law sometimes. Klbkch? He seemed…well. More ready to smile.
It was good to see, and while it might alarm everyone else not used to the two, Erin Solstice was beaming. A few Humans looked very disconcerted; it wasn’t everyday you saw two true masters of weapons on a Watch patrol.
But then, this was Liscor. And it seemed like they were about to get into it, that familiarity, when it happened again. Mrsha, beaming, heard Erin scolding the two.
“Don’t you two fight when I’m, like, a foot away! You could have cut my head off, Klbkch! And you, Relc! When did you get a spear?”
The pause in the air was interrupted by Relc’s laugh.
“You mean my new spear? It’s the same one, Erin! I gave the other one I took from that [Spearmaster], uh…what’s his name from Manus, to the Antinium. Hey, maybe I could sell it?”
He showed Erin his anti-magic spear, and she blinked at him.
“No. I don’t remember that. You don’t use a spear, Relc! You punch people! What’s this new Relc I’m seeing? Did you learn that at Cellidel too?”
The silence that fell next made Mrsha’s heart sink into her stomach. Everyone turned to Erin.
“Relc’s always had his spear, Erin. From the day we met. Do you mean his magical spear?”
Klbkch looked from Erin to Relc, and the [Innkeeper] shook her head.
“No way. I don’t remember that at all. He’s always used his fists, remember? Like when he fought…Skinner? And Pisces. And when he cut—no. But he probably used a knife or…? But he doesn’t use a spear!”
“He taught Embria how to use a spear.”
Klbkch reminded Erin again, and the [Innkeeper]’s brows drew together.
“He did. But he doesn’t have—wait. That makes no—but I don’t remember. You have a spear, Relc?”
She looked up, and Mrsha saw the most uncertain look on Relc’s face. He covered it with a grin and a laugh.
“Who knows, Erin? I have all kinds of stuff I forget. Like—underwear!”
“Gross.”
Erin laughed, but Mrsha saw it. There was, for a moment, a brief look of fear on Relc’s face. She couldn’t read Klbkch the same way, but Erin looked around and—
There it was again. Erin kept talking.
“I don’t remember it. I really don’t. Not once. A spear? I don’t…”
She put a hand to her head, and Mrsha saw her eyes flicker. Something was gone. It seemed one way to the living, but that memory wasn’t just lost somewhere.
Something had eaten it in the lands of the dead. But Erin looked at Relc, and that strained smile reappeared.
“I guess I forgot a few things. So…you look pretty good with that spear.”
Relc traded a glance with Klbkch and nodded.
“Yeah. Yeah, I guess I do.”
 
——
 
She didn’t seem like the person who had been possessed by General Sserys. Nor someone that Khelt held in such high regard that Fetohep of Khelt knew her name. Nor someone whom Wall Lord Ilvriss had bought and sent a Potion of Regeneration for.
That she was damaged by her ordeal was clear, but the…watchers…didn’t see anything to alarm their employers overmuch.
Oh, friendship with the Antinium and Goblins? Maybe, but they were well past that. There were new lands, prophecies from ghosts, and far more to worry upon.
