9.00
Page 18
However, Theikha did see his other class. And that was enough to make her eyebrows lift straight up. She brushed some lichen off her fur—her shaman’s dress looked like it had been grown out of the wild—and murmured.
“[Honorable Immortal].”
[Immortal]. Crusader 221-3 puffed out his chest. He knew it didn’t mean immortal immortal, but it was probably the reason he’d survived nine days after being cut two dozen times.
“You have many powerful Skills. As one who survived such a battle should. Forgive me for peeking, but it is a question among some whether Antinium even have levels. The Soldiers and Workers, at least.”
Crusader 221-3 waved it off. He didn’t care. Among the Skills he’d gained, some were:
[Body: Staunched Bleeding]. Which was probably how he hadn’t bled out despite the huge gashes on his body.
[Greater Endurance]. He was very proud of that—he was a Level 11 [Immortal], and he assumed it was his Level 10 capstone Skill.
[Ironshell]. The voice in his head had wavered between [Ironhide] and [Ironscales] before figuring it out.
And [Honor’s Shield – Single Use]. Which he was completely in the dark about.
Once again, Shaman Theikha seemed to read his mind.
“You may not know what all these Skills do, yes?”
Crusader 221-3 shook his head obediently, and Theikha chuckled.
“A problem for many. Not all Skills make sense. One would have thought there was an instruction manual! I may not know all, and you have secrets, but I am old enough to show you one. Here. Let me show you how your [Honor’s Shield] works. Turn around.”
Obediently, the Crusader did. Several Gnolls watching the Antinium curiously saw Theikha raise her staff. She briskly smacked it over the back of Crusader 221-3’s head.
“Shaman!”
The horrified shout came from no less than…Rose. The young woman ran forwards as she and a metal Gnoll reached the scene just in time to see the assassination attempt on Crusader 221-3…fail.
Theikha’s staff bounced off a glowing disc of light, rather like a buckler. It disappeared as Crusader 221-3 looked around.
“Hold still.”
He hesitated, but Theikha tapped him on the back of the head, just enough that he felt it. She smiled as Adetr slowed and Rose came to a stop. Adetr, catching up, stared at the first Antinium he’d ever met outside a battle.
“You see? Once. A very handy trick for an honorable person, yes?”
Crusader 221-3 could only agree. He turned, and Rose pointed at him.
“It’s an Antinium Soldier! Not a Painted Antinium after all, like I thought.”
“A live one. What will we do, Shaman? Send it back?”
The metal Gnoll rumbled, and Adetr Steelfur, the only Gnoll to still have a body of metal, looked at Theikha. She nodded as Rose gobbled for words.
“That is for Chieftain Feshi to decide. I am simply…speaking with Crusader 221-3. Thank you for coming, Rose. You know Antinium; I hope you can help.”
“I do! But, um—I only know Pawn. Hello! I’m, uh, Rose. I know Pawn! And Bird! And…Belgrade?”
Rose was actually more nervous than Theikha and hesitated before putting her hand out. Since he couldn’t speak, Crusader 221-3 put his hand out, but his digits were more for making fists or shovel-hands. He shook her grip, and Rose hesitated.
“He’s a Soldier. They don’t speak. I mean…Yellow Splatters does, but. Um. Hi! We’ll get you back to your Hive! I’m Rose!”
“You said that. I am Adetr Steelfur. Chieftain…temporary Chieftain of Steelfur. Antinium, you will cause no harm.”
It wasn’t really a question, but Crusader 221-3 shook his head anyways. Rose was hesitating.
“What will you do? Can you…give him a pencil, Theikha? Translate his words like Mrsha?”
