9.01
Page 39
These casual words were shaking Chaldion’s clawed hand more than any party. He reached for a cup of tea and nearly knocked it over.
A slender hand grabbed the cup, and Saliss actually caught the liquid about to spray outwards with a flick of his claw. He put it down—on Chaldion’s snout, and the Grand Strategist almost snarled, but then he took a sip of tea.
“You should try that coffee stuff that Lyonette brought back, old man. That’s better.”
“What? You found coffee?”
Erin was distracted a moment, and Lyonette spluttered at the non-sequitur.
“Yes, but—go back to the other part!”
“Nah, nah. Coffee? That’s great! I was going to post a quest for someone to find some, but I guess I won’t. First chocolate, now coffee. That’s the real quality stuff. What else has ‘c’ in the name that we need?”
“Cotton candy?”
Joseph spoke up, and Selys jabbed him in the shoulder with a glare. Completely unabashed, Kevin raised a hand.
“Corn. Grilled corn.”
“Kevin!”
Erin shook a fist at him, but she smiled and looked around before growing serious.
“It’s all over, now. There’s…nothing left. So that’s what happened. There was a war, and a lot of people died again. They told me a few important things, and I—I wish I’d been able to help. But I have some things I need to tell you.”
She regarded Ceria again, and every head turned to the half-Elf. But then Erin glanced at Pisces, and he turned white.
In that moment, suddenly—everyone was terrified of Erin’s gaze. Numbtongue, Chaldion, Saliss—Mrsha switched from Lyonette to her bigger protector, and hid her head in Gire’s arms, but the big Gnoll girl looked away from Erin too.
That was terrifying. Not a single one of them…Erin felt guilty.
“I’m sorry. I’ll wait until you ask. I shouldn’t have tried to spring it on anyone.”
“But that means there is a life after death. It means the [Witches] are right. I mean, ghosts…but there’s organization. There’s something. Right? Will there be more crossovers of the dead and living?”
Fierre spoke up, trying to make sense of it all. She looked at Erin, and the [Innkeeper] saw right through her. The Vampire felt a prick of fear as Erin spoke.
“No. Not anymore.”
And like that, they all learned the greatest, most frightening truth that Erin Solstice had carried back into the lands of the living. Mrsha just closed her eyes as she leaned against Gire, but Chaldion’s claws tightened around his cup until Saliss began tapping him on his opposite shoulder and pretending it was Maughin who was doing it.
Each to their own reaction. Erin saw what effect her words were having, so she shook her head.
“Let’s talk about something else. Something…all these bad things have happened. We did our best. All of us.”
She looked about and got countless nods. Grimalkin couldn’t meet her eyes, but Erin whispered as the conversations halted and then began again, around her words.
“There has to have been a point to all of it, right? It meant something. But what?”
 
——
 
The answer was surely obvious. He knew it. He had always known it. Each ruler of Khelt had said it from the day they accepted their heavy burdens.
They would lay their lives across the bridge of time and wear themselves thin, so thin even their souls ached and their bodies fell to pieces, that a kingdom might be radiant, even glorious. But most of all—that it would be safe and the people happy.
