9.01
Page 9
“Nope.”
Lyonette chorused with a few others. Erin hesitated as Lyonette wavered by the door.
“Then—just people we know! I guess Lism if he wants. And, uh—Antinium, obviously! Any of them. And Goblins! And…”
“Wistram News Network?”
“No! Well, maybe Drassi.”
Chaldion calmly added from his seat.
“In a non-reporter role.”
Lyonette waited for Erin’s nod before hurrying into the hallway. Erin was smiling as she looked at Klbkch. And this was familiar too.
“So. Erin. I am pleased you seem recovered enough to post quests. May I ask how you gained this ability?”
Klbkch glanced over his shoulder, and everyone in line pretended not to be listening intently, except for Bird and Grimalkin. Erin smiled. She felt a flutter in her heart, but…she had known from the start.
“I guess I have to explain. I don’t know—”
She hesitated and wished for a moment she’d talked to…to Fetohep?
Yes, Fetohep! Erin’s eyes widened. How could she forget? Fetohep and—
Khelta. Califor. Her face fell, and Klbkch watched as the [Innkeeper] went from surprised to melancholy, then determined, angry, and wary in a heartbeat. In anyone else, he would have been wondering about insanity. In Erin…she took a deep breath.
“I…was dead.”
“No kidding? Dead? Ancestors preserve me, I thought you were asleep!”
Saliss clutched at his chest from a table. Chaldion threw a fork at him, and Ulvama laughed in delight. Erin glanced over.
“Hey! Quiet in the peanut gallery! I was dead, and I got, um, some special powers. Some information. But it’s sort of hazy, and I, uh, just know a few things. Because I may have talked to ghosts?”
She looked around with an uncertain smile on her face. That was what she’d decided to say. It would be common knowledge anyways. She just didn’t add who she’d talked to.
Erin was prepared for disbelief, shock, incredulity, and mockery. However, the guests just looked at each other. Grimalkin muttered one name that pretty much summed it up:
“Khelt. The pieces fit.”
She wasn’t prepared for the lack of incredulity. However, to say there was no reaction was wrong. Jelaqua stopped grinning and focused on Erin. Pisces’ eyebrows were melding with his hair, and again, Ceria…
Ceria met Erin’s eyes and nodded slightly. Erin gulped.
“I have some things to tell you all. There’s a lot to catch up on. I want to hear it all. For now, just know that I have a few more quests I can post. Not all as cool as finding a lost city, but—well, that’s for later.”
Klbkch studied Erin.
“I see. I assume you will not furnish us with information about Mershi?”
“Are you…taking the quest?”
The Antinium considered the question.
“Let us say I am. The Antinium would not be averse to finding the City of Stars.”
Chaldion’s head rose slightly, and Saliss stopped chortling. Grimalkin’s eyes bored into the back of Klbkch’s head, and the Antinium looked around.
“He just said it. Everyone was thinking it, and he just said it. That’s my partner! Stupid as a rock!”
Relc beamed as he sat at a table. Klbkch visibly hesitated in front of Erin, then he turned and gave Relc a thumbs-up. Erin, Relc, and Klbkch stared at the gesture, and Klbkch lowered the hand. He turned back to Erin as if nothing had happened.
“I am…readjusting to Liscor. I may not be able to stay, Erin, but I hope I can call on you in quieter times? With less observation.”
He stared right at Chaldion as he said that. Erin nodded.
“Sure. Um…I can’t tell you about Mershi, Klbkch. I mean, I can totally tell you about it and stuff, but I don’t know where it is.”
“Ah, hence the quest.”
