9.01
Page 36
“Frankly, Erin, I think you don’t have to worry about that.”
 
——
 
The occupants of The Wandering Inn were getting restless, waiting for Erin to come back. At first, they didn’t notice the slowly diminishing headcount of guests and mostly just asked anyone who came back in whether Erin was ‘up to something’.
“What? Oh—definitely. She’s scheming. Er, she’s just, ah, getting Grimalkin and Kevin to help her with something.”
“They’re making sure she isn’t too crazy, right?”
Lyonette interrogated Jelaqua as the Selphid came back in. The adventurer nodded, biting her lips hard. She winked at some of the Antinium, and they looked puzzled, but Lyonette didn’t notice.
“Hey. Where’s Erin?”
Numbtongue stopped Ishkr next and got a different response.
“Er, the outhouse, still.”
“Oh. Bad poo? Orange? Red?”
“I—did not inquire.”
It was a game, and the longer you stayed in the common room of the inn, the more you lost. Now, some people who might have picked up on the commotion outside were hampered by the inn’s thick walls and closed windows, which let in no sound nor sight of the picnic outside.
They were also getting false information, but mostly, they were expecting Erin to come back inside like a storm. A few went out to see if she needed help and mostly figured it out, but the ones not in the know waited with growing impatience and anticipation.
The Gnolls figured it out very quickly. Mrsha and Gire began sniffing the air and nudging each other. Gire whispered to Mrsha.
“Are you sure? I can smell it…but why corn? Popcorn? I smell cheese, too. Should we…?”
They slipped out via the garden and never came back. Next was Relc and Klbkch. Relc was putting his feet up on a chair, and he turned his head slightly.
“Klbkch, my guy. I’m not super good at the Watch stuff where we interrogate people. I just do the hitting part. But it seems to me that those stories don’t match up. Erin’s in the outhouse, working with Grimalkin, and Kevin ‘didn’t see her’.”
Klbkch raised one finger as he whispered back.
“In fact, all statements have been false.”
“You knew that?”
“Yes, of course. Shall we investigate?”
“Damn right. Embria, let’s go take a look.”
Their departure meant that a number of Antinium relaxed when Klbkch was gone, but Pawn, anxiously waiting for Erin’s return, realized something was up soon after that.
“Yellow Splatters, let us all go and take a look outside. I believe we are, to use an expression, being punked upon.”
“How do you know that?”
The Antinium regarded Pawn, and the Worker pointed. A smirking little white face disappeared, but it was too late.
“Mrsha gloats. And she does not like me.”
The Antinium began to get up, and even Lyonette couldn’t miss that.
“Don’t go! I’m sure Erin will be right back—Ser Sest, go find her. Let me get you another round.”
She was so busy trying to placate the Antinium she never noticed Pisces and Ceria looking up from their table and following the drift of the inn.
“Hey, Pisces, Yvlon and Ksmvr never came back from searching for Erin.”
“Indeed, Ceria? I note a certain diminishing of the inn’s population.”
The two [Mages] exchanged a glance, and their finely honed Wistram instincts from their days as students told them something.
“Something interesting is going on, and we’re being pranked. Let’s move. Watch out for buckets of dust overhead or something.”
“Erin wouldn’t do that.”
“Good point. Watch out for jars of acid, I guess.”
