9.01
Page 46
“Happiness? Happiness is—ignorance. It is not for everyone. Happiness for a city or a people is something the few sacrifice so the many may achieve. It is the luxury of safety. Of victory. It has a high cost.”
“Spoken like a tyrant.”
Saliss snapped back, sitting up from where he’d been lying on his back. Chaldion said nothing; he didn’t even turn to Saliss. Lyonette closed her mouth—she had been nodding slightly. Gireulashia cut off another Saliss-Chaldion argument.
“That sounds like something Xherw would have said. Or Ulcreziek.”
That was a conversation-killer. Right up until Bird raised a hand.
“No, silly, big Gnoll whose name I do not know. That sounds like Niers.”
Everyone studied him. Bird hesitated.
“Niers…Nierseffson…Jealnet. Nierseffson Jealnet, whom I do not know. And is not the Titan of Baleros.”
He folded his arms and smiled. Lie achieved. Pisces looked at Bird and choked a bit, but Saliss bit back what he was going to say and turned to Bird.
“What’s happiness to an Antinium, then?”
That was an objectively fascinating question, and Bird took his time responding. Numbtongue muttered to Wailant.
“Five gold he says ‘happiness is a bird’.”
The [Pirate] began choking with laughter, and Viceria covered her mouth. Bird looked over at Numbtongue and opened his mandibles wide.
“Happiness? I am not that much happier when I shoot a bird, Numbtongue, or eat one.”
“What?”
Everyone chorused. Erin sat up just in time to hear Bird correct himself.
“I mean, I am not much happier because I am a happy Bird. That was not a lie. Yet. I know I should be dead. I was a Worker, and I never saw the sky. I was meant to die fighting something horrible and never eat acid flies. I should be dead, and I am not. Every day I am not dead and know this. If I forgot, I would be a very silly Bird. So happiness is me winning over death itself.”
He folded his hands together over his belly and rocked back, satisfied. Since the ground they were sitting on was the hill and his back-shell was rounded, Bird went over in a somersault. In silence, everyone watched him tumble down the hill like a pillbug.
“Uh oh. Ouch. Watch out below. Whee—”
That was so entertaining that Mrsha and Gire rolled out of the conversation. Wailant put out his hand, and Numbtongue spat into it. It was Joseph who decided to break the silence.
“Antinium are depressing.”
Drassi raised both brows.
“That’s news? I’m not reporting it.”
The laughter went around the people sitting there, but the question lingered. So, Ksmvr turned and brightly looked at his mentor.
“Yvlon, what is happiness to you?”
The [Armsmistress] stuttered and turned red as everyone glanced at her.
“I, uh—happiness? Well, I—it’s—I think it’s not—uh—”
She was lost, and like a friend, Pisces lifted his hand.
“I believe happiness, or the point of existence, is more than just emotion, as Magus Grimalkin says. There are spells that provoke happiness and insanity. If you cast such spells on yourself, are you happy? My answer is no, so it follows that happiness is a lasting accomplishment or…deed that provides it.”
“What, does everyone have to go on a quest to be happy, then?”
Selys shot back instantly, but Pisces just sniffed at her.
“Hardly. That’s a simplistic read on my statement, Miss Shivertail. Happiness can be a child, as Jelaqua indicated, or yes, fame and glory, or a home. I just maintain it has to be linked to something.”
“I can buy that.”
The Drake [Heiress] admitted grudgingly. Pelt tossed another stick into the fire with a snort.
“Spoken like a Human and Drake. Everything has to be something you can touch.”
