9.01
Page 18
“Yes, I understand, but a will minutes after…?”
“It’s customary.”
Selys didn’t quite meet Lyonette’s gaze, but the angry young woman was rarely undiplomatic. She glared around.
“That should be at least—at least a day removed. Why do it that way?”
“Because, Lyonette, it means they cared.”
“Excuse me?”
If Selys was unwilling to get into Drake customs in light of recent events, Lasica was more than willing, and she emerged from the kitchen with a deep frown for the [Princess]. The [Chef] spoke sharply.
“It means they cared. Almost all Drakes have a will when they’re sixteen or older. Nothing fancy, but [Soldiers] especially list things out. You often don’t get much if you’re not close, close family, but even distant friends get a trinket.”
She nodded at Maughin, who had received a fine whetstone. Lasica went on, not taking her eyes from Lyonette, who had begun to look a bit uneasy.
“It means they were thinking about you, and you have something to remember them by. I don’t know how Humans do it, but it matters to us. With that said, I don’t expect the Gnolls to be sympathetic, but I will thank you not to insult the Drakes who fought for the tribes.”
It was a Drake idea; a very material way to let someone know you mattered, like how Selys had gotten Zel’s Heartflame Breastplate by accident. Or, alternatively, one last way to tell someone they were getting nothing from you and you always hated their guts.
It sort of made sense to Erin. She turned to Gireulashia and Mrsha, the only two Plains Gnolls in the inn thus far.
“What…what about Silverfang, Gire? What’s happening with the tribes?”
Gire started guiltily and responded slowly.
“If it’s Silverfang, they might do something else…but I think they’re probably—feeding the animals.”
“Hm? What does that mean?”
 
——
 
Gnoll tribes had vast flocks of animals. It was a matter of practicality to them that even in the depths of grief, you could not abandon them.
So, instead, one of the days of mourning was devoted to sitting down with flocks of sheep, dogs, or other livestock, and giving them as much as you could to eat. A rare treat, assuming the situation wasn’t dire. Then combing them, pampering the sheepdogs, as a community.
Gnolls would stop moving and eat and drink foods devoted to these hours, but the main thing they did was…tell stories.
For each person you knew had passed, you told a story. One day, you told a silly story about them. The next, you told those listening a tale you might never have shared in life, that had made you angry. A tale of failure. The third day, you told their triumphs or how they died.
Krshia Silverfang had been telling stories in between the mandatory meetings with the Council from sunup to sundown.
There were too many Gnolls she knew who had died. Too many, and even in her immediate family—
Shaman Cetrule was dead. In the Great Plains, apparently Satar Silverfang was going around, writing down every story she could, and many came to the young [Historian] such that she was constantly working. It was for the best, Krshia thought. It helped her to have something to do.
When she had talked with her sister in the scrying orb, she had seen the difference in Cers. He, by contrast, just clung to Akrisa’s paw as she went from place to place. Silent as a ghost.
Krshia should have stayed there. None of the Silverfangs who had come to Liscor had gone to the inn.
