9.01
Page 10
“Yep. Especially because all the ghosts of Mershi who were actually there got got.”
“Got got?”
Klbkch blanked at the slang. Erin elaborated.
“They got, uh, poofed. Not by the s—I mean, no one ever saw their ghosts when Mershi vanished. So no one knows exactly what happened, but I do know where all the searches ended up. The Crossroads of Izril. Which is why I posted that quest. If you want to know about Mershi, I know tons of stuff. Tons of stuff. You know, they have Starpuffs? That’s this cool filled pastry. But yeah. Not about where it is.”
“You know this from conversations with dead people.”
“Y-yes?”
Klbkch stared at Erin. She met his gaze honestly, eyes round and wide. Klbkch nodded. He lifted a finger as someone burst through the doors.
“TELL ME EVERYTHING!”
Fierre shouted, then was shushed and pointed at the line. She joined it, fishing out a notepad. Garia entered more sedately, but flushed with excitement. Klbkch went on after a meaningful pause.
“One last question, Erin. In your time amongst the dead. Did you speak to any Antinium?”
If there had been a pause at his first question about searching for Mershi, this one provoked the kind of silence that you could serve for lunch. Erin met his gaze and shook her head slowly.
“No…but if they died on Rhir, I wouldn’t have met them anyways.”
Chaldion’s head swung from Klbkch to Erin as he nodded grimly.
“That is what I would assume upon thought. Thank you. I will be back shortly. I will have a bowl of spaghetti with blue fruit juice.”
He stood up and walked out of the common room. Erin heard Selys let out a breath and then gasp for air.
And that was her first guest in line.
 
——
 
By the time Lyonette came back, the crowds outside the inn had been removed from pressing at the windows. They were, in fact, reluctantly gathered around the base of the hill. No one was allowed higher unless they passed one of the Thronebearers.
Not that four [Knights] alone were holding off the mob of people who absolutely had something they wanted from Erin Solstice or just wanted to get inside the inn and eat some pizza. The Watch had been mobilized along with Pallass’ soldiers.
Yes, their soldiers. Chaldion had ordered twenty through the door to keep a cordon around the inn, having anticipated their need.
It was causing a bit of friction, especially since Pallass’ army was not Liscor’s Watch. They did not react well to a bunch of heavily armed Antinium marching towards the inn.
“Halt!”
One of the Drakes put up a claw and hesitated. He reached for a speaking stone to talk to Chaldion.
The Antinium did not halt. Pallass’ [Soldiers] bristled and then did a headcount. There were twenty Watch [Guards] who were watching the Antinium marching forwards without reaching for their weapons. Twenty of Pallass’ finest, a Walled City’s standing forces, finest of the fine!
…And the Antinium were Pawn and Belgrade, Yellow Splatters and Painted Antinium. And the ones who had fought against Hectval and pushed back Manus’ strike force.
[Crusaders].
Pawn had, in fact, stopped when asked, but a squad of ten kept walking, as did a group of nearly twenty Soldiers, each one holding a big, big weapon. In fact, one of the smaller Antinium, a Worker with a giant two-handed sword, a zweihander, stomped straight at the [Lieutenant].
“Halt! Grand Strategist, there are at least sixty Antinium—”
The [Lieutenant] jumped backwards as Chaldion gave the order to let them pass just in time. He swore, moved out of the way of Crusader 57, and nearly got kicked in the shins as the Worker lashed out with an armored boot.
“Move, idiot.”
