9.01
Page 54
Someone sighed into the darkness. Not because they denied it, but because they believed her. Ser Dalimont. He looked past Erin, as if he had seen just that.
“A triumph of a lifetime. What comes next? Do we just live the rest of our lives satisfied or give up?”
She shook her head.
“No, you continue on, and everything’s even better thereafter. Have a good night.”
So, the [Innkeeper] closed a door as she bid the last guests farewell and put the pot full of promises next to her bed. She took a while to go to sleep, but when she did—perhaps the world was a bit better.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Before you say anything, in the comments, some chapters are inevitable. We all need time to process things and that’s what I think some stories lack or don’t show enough of.
Sometimes…we need to sit around a fire and isn’t it strange how Erin has never done this before? At least in this way.
With that said, I may not come back to you on Saturday with a chapter in Volume 9. I need to write Volume 1, The Last Tide Pt. 2, and so I’m devoting writing days to that. I will be up-front if it’s something in secret; if not I’ll post whatever I write and link you to it.
However, this is our pace. Not the slowest, hopefully, for slice-of-life shouldn’t be nothing at all, in my opinion. But neither is it Volume 8’s straight run.
PS: I was going to write this but again, I have trouble with lyrics since I don’t think in rhythm or verse. But it was going to be a Roald Dahl nod. Just a little moment when people are figuring out what’s happening outside. Since it’ll never be used, here it is:
 
——
 
Inside The Wandering Inn, there were three people. Lyonette, Bird, and Numbtongue.
 
Lyonette, Bird, and Numbtongue. 
Lyonette, Bird, and Numbtongue. 
One royal, one silly, one green.
This trio of friends, sat in the inn
Waiting for Erin to come back again.
 
They were mostly good people. But they were somewhat silly too. Lyonette was so busy ordering the Thronebearers around that she never noticed the inn’s occupants sneaking out the garden’s door or going to the bathroom and not coming back.
 
——
 
That’s all from me. See you later. Roast some bananas for me.
 
[Anchoring Stab] and Successor by Brack!
DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/shurkin/gallery/
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/brack
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Brack_Giraffe
 
 
Healing Slime by Vescar!

 
Erin by Sedeto for AxelTerizaki’s Birthday!
Sedeto: https://sedeto.carrd.co/
AxelTerizaki: https://twitter.com/AxelTerizaki

 

