9.01
Page 48
“Exactly. I mean, it’s great for me too. Hi, I’m Kevin.”
“Oh, another one.”
Crusader 57 twitched his antennae as Kevin gave him a blank look. But the young man was smiling. He looked down, and his face went slack for a moment, then he laughed ruefully.
“What is so funny? Inform me, strange Human whom I vaguely recall. Then we shall be chummy. Friend.”
Pivr fanned his wings gently. Kevin tried to explain what was so ironic.
“A cold one on a porch—or the back of the inn, I guess, around a fire with a snack? It’s just—I’m turning into my dad.”
He glanced down ruefully, and no one got the joke except maybe Normen and Alcaz, who smiled briefly. Kevin took a sip from his mug and changed his tune.
“…I guess he had a point.”
A few more people drifted away from the central fire, mostly because someone had passed really, really bad gas. Ksmvr walked away, chasing a cat who’d fled the stink bomb, and realized Pivr was here when the cat hissed at the Flying Antinium.
“Oh, Pivr. You are here. Many Antinium are here, I note.”
The Flying Antinium nodded cautiously. There were Antinium from the army, from the Free Hive, and the Fellowship. In fact, Klbkch was returning from washing his hands to where Relc was laughing with Embria and some of the Watch and [Soldiers]. He stopped.
“Ksmvr.”
Ksmvr jumped, and all the Antinium fell silent.
“Oh. K-Kblkch. Hello. Good to see you.”
The two faced each other, former Prognugator and Revalantor. Klbkch stared at Ksmvr’s regrown hand.
“You and I have not spoken since your return from Chandrar. I note that Xrn authorized the regrowth of your hand.”
“Yes…and I am thankful for your well-wishes. My team is doing very well. Is the Hive well? Our formalities are concluded, goodbye—”
Ksmvr edged back, but Klbkch folded his arms. He looked Ksmvr up and down.
“I am also pleased to note your new sword school. My sword school. My Skills.”
“Oh. I, um. I’m very grateful for their usage?”
The [Skirmisher] would be sweating if he could. Klbkch was rapidly advancing his [Loomer] class, and his voice was amazingly flat.
“I note you did not inquire as to my preference when inheriting my Skills and abilities that I worked for.”
Ksmvr could have run, but the cat suddenly decided it wanted more petting, so he picked it up. He looked defiantly at Klbkch and spoke.
“I noticed you were not using them, so I decided someone should, Klbkch.”
Oh snap. Kevin’s mouth moved slowly as Klbkch’s antennae went still. Ksmvr wasn’t taking everything lying down—and it was probably a combination of Pisces, Ceria, and Yvlon that was adding to his retorts.
Before anything else could happen, though, another shape came bounding forwards, and there was a gentle woof. A little puppy ran towards the [Crusaders], who all stared at it. Then, before it could beg for treats, a hand reached out and picked it up.
The little dog whined, and there he was. All the Antinium turned as a figure appeared with a dustpan. The dread Antinium. The most hated being in the Free Hives.
Furfur. The animal caretaker was helping shepherd some of the Free Antinium’s pets and Elirr’s cats, and he stopped as he noticed the gathering. What might have happened next was anyone’s guess, but then one last figure appeared.
“What is this? What is this? So many familiar faces. There is Pivr. Where have you gone? We could have used you during the war. We still can.”
