9.01
Page 41
Interesting. Khelt’s reputation had certainly changed. But why this place? Security? If that were so, Khelt’s palace was nigh-impossible to eavesdrop upon. Perhaps the Quarass felt associating with Khelt was dangerous? This didn’t feel that covert with people pointing to him.
An assassination after all? Khelt’s power might alarm the Quarass, but she had to know his replacement would seek vengeance. Perhaps she had convened a ceremony to name Khelt a Shield Kingdom.
That would be just like her. There were duties Shield Kingdoms had to each other, and while Khelt had petitioned for the honor before—Fetohep would have to refuse her if that were the case.
Fetohep wondered if he should have brought Alked Fellbow and Frieke just in case. Too late now—and he was tired. Bone-weary, so he was perhaps too reckless as he strode towards the doors of the waystation.
“Your Majesty, the Quarass is—”
A shadowy figure materialized. One of the top bodyguards, no doubt. Fetohep did not turn his head.
“—expecting me. I am here.”
To their credit, the bodyguards he sensed visibly or invisibly did not try to stop him. The door swung open, and Fetohep of Khelt strode through, ready for anything. He saw a somewhat full room of travellers, a few stunned citizens of Ger, including bodyguards, and there was a short girl dressed in the rich thread of her office, young, her brown skin and black hair unremarkable in a sea of children.
Only the eyes showed an age beyond ages, and the way she held herself as she turned with…a pair of tankards in hand…and beamed at him.
“Welcome! We’ll be with you in one one moment. Please have a seat. A drink for His Majesty.”
“What.”
The Quarass of Germina put two mugs of Yellat Ale down on a table and beamed at a hooded [Assassin] of Ger.
“Can I get you anything else, Miss?”
“No, your—no—I—this—”
The trained killer was stuttering as she stared at the mug. The Quarass’ wide smile never wavered as she nodded.
“Please, don’t be shy to order more. I recommend you try our lamb kebap—we don’t have any Sariant, which the original calls for, but it is very good. A Jecrassian special, I promise. Don’t forget to save room for dessert!”
Then she swung back towards a terrified [Server] and accepted another plate and drink and whisked it to a second table. Fetohep stared at the Quarass. Then he saw someone gesturing him to a table.
An undead Revenant sat down at a table in the makeshift inn, and he felt like the normal one in some surreal dream. The Quarass had a big smile on her face as she bent over to ask a boy practically her age what he’d like to eat.
The guests were giving the Quarass much the same look as Fetohep. It seemed the waystation was occupied by half her personal guard and people of Ger, the other half travellers.
“Quarass of Germina. What are you doing?”
“Give me six minutes, Fetohep. Would you care for a non-magical drink?”
“No. I have holes in my stomach.”
Literal holes in his body, which meant that going to an inn was an entirely pointless endeavor unless it served the undead-only concoctions. But once again, the Quarass surprised him.
“We do have a Deathbeil Draught on tap. One for His Majesty!”
“You have a Deathbeil Draught on tap. In an enchanted keg with a pewter-bone cup.”
One appeared as a black keg glowing with preservative runes was wheeled out and a cup was poured by the world’s most terrified [Barmaid]. The Quarass winked at Fetohep.
“I anticipated my guest. Have as many as you want. Excuse me—do you need the outhouse? It’s just—”
