9.01
Page 29
Grimalkin got up, came back with five more logs, and arranged them with Ishkr. Then he pointed down and poked a finger through the largest one.
Erin felt a rush of heat, and when Grimalkin withdrew his claw, the wood was already a smoking ember from within, and flames began to rise across the rest of it. He waved his finger, and Kevin gave him a look of respect.
“That’s cool magic.”
“Physical augmentations. My specialty, after all. What is this for?”
For answer, Kevin chose his spot carefully and laid the husk of the corn between two logs. Then he frowned.
“I don’t want it to touch the fire. I need a poker or something.”
“I can find one.”
Ishkr left, and Grimalkin raised one eyebrow. Erin folded her arms.
“Roasted corn. Or grilled or whatever. Can you believe this guy? I mean, I guess it’s a new food, so everyone’ll be excited.”
Grimalkin eyed Erin.
“…Roasting corn is not a new invention, culinarily speaking, Erin Solstice. I have eaten roasted corn hundreds of times before.”
“Oh. Well, I haven’t.”
“What’s wrong with her?”
Kevin joked, and Grimalkin’s lips actually twitched. He glanced at Erin, then down at the crowd blanketed by the silence spell. People were pointing up at Erin in confusion and craning their necks.
“Are you not going to do something…interesting, Miss Solstice?”
“I don’t think I can. Not what people want. I just wanted a snack—oh, thanks, Ishkr. Okay, Kevin. Show me this so-called vaunted grilled corn of yours.”
“All I need is a bit of butter…”
“Why’s it in the husk? Don’t you peel it first?”
Grimalkin looked at Kevin, and the Earther decided just to keep at browning the corn. Who had [Basic Cooking] here again? Well, no one needed it, and it wasn’t going to be the best thing ever. But there was already a faintly pleasant smell in the air, and the fire might be warming, but a faint chill of fall was making the heat enjoyable.
“Grimalkin, did you have to get me or something?”
The Sinew Magus was like a boulder as he sat next to Kevin. He replied slowly. Almost…bitterly?
“My duties to Pallass mean I must do quite a lot, Erin. Not this. Contrary to what you may believe, I am not wholly Pallass’ instrument. Pallass and I do not align on all matters. I realized that recently.”
Erin saw Kevin glance up and then go back to his roasting. Ishkr decided to get some butter, and Erin turned to Grimalkin.
“…You mean Ferkr?”
She knew what had happened at the Meeting of Tribes. Grimalkin didn’t answer. Which was an answer in itself, because he was normally very talkative about all matters. He prodded Kevin.
“The corn appears to be roasted.”
“You sure? Gah!”
Kevin snatched his fingers back from the steaming corn, which had indeed begun to smoke very heavily. Grimalkin was about to rescue Kevin from the frailties of skin when a gnarled hand reached out and a voice snorted.
“Weak as a Human. Can’t handle a hot plant? You’ll never forge Adamantium. There. Eugh. What’s this?”
Pelt the [Master Smith] husked the corn and stared at the crisped kernels with some lovely browning. Erin blinked.
“Pelt! When did you get here?”
“When I heard some idiot had posted a quest to the City of Stars. I expected to find the inn burning and all the Drakes dancing naked in the streets. It’s quiet. You going to eat this?”
“Yep. Hey!”
The ‘hey’ was because Pelt instantly snapped the corn in half. He put half on a plate that Ishkr had brought and grabbed the bowl of soft butter. He dipped the other half of the roasted corn into it and took a huge bite, then did another dip.
