9.01
Page 8
“Erin, this is Ulvama. She helped bring you back. Sort of. She was…the Mountain City tribe’s [Shaman]. Now she’s…some [Shaman]. She came from somewhere else and helped us find Mrsha. She can cast good magic. And she knows Pebblesnatch! Pebblesnatch is okay.”
“Sh—what? Pebblesnatch? What? WHAT?”
Erin’s scream of delight made Ulvama clap her hands over her ears. She threw a cup at Erin, and Klbkch smacked it out of the air.
“Shut up! I already liked you better as dead girl! I was with Rags. Stupid Rags.”
She folded her arms huffily. Erin recalled that Rags had retreated after their first two days of meetings—possibly out of self-preservation for the Goblins as Chaldion and a number of people who didn’t know or respect the score had been occupying the inn. Rags had promised to come back when it was quieter and Erin was better.
That explained where Ulvama had been, and if her scowl were any indication, Numbtongue guessed she hadn’t been able to secure a spot in Goblinhome.
Or perhaps she had come back for the free food. Erin was at a loss for words.
It was strange and a little rude to have someone just walk out of your inner sanctum and treat your inn like her home. Ulvama was already ordering food from Ishkr, and she went over and poked Mrsha after a moment and got a swat from a paw. The Hobgoblin stared at Gire as the [Paragon] stared back.
“Ooh. You tall. Good girl.”
She had to hop up on a chair to pat Gire on the head. Then she sat down and began to chomp on fries.
Okay. Okay, so apparently there was a somewhat rude [Shaman] at the inn now. Erin decided that was okay. She thought she remembered an Ulvama helping Mrsha, and if she was a friend of Rags, she was a friend of Erin’s!
Erin was already getting some things wrong about Ulvama, but then more people were arriving, and she had to deal with the effects of her quest. She was, at least, prepared for that.
“Lyonette, unleash the hordes! But only the, um, ones I know, I guess. I’ll take them here? Form a line!”
Her guests sighed but filed into a line as Grimalkin came bursting through the doors. He’d almost strong-armed his way past the Thronebearers, their Skills or not, but he had less luck here.
“Erin Solstice. I need a w—”
Grimalkin halted, because it was that or run into Klbkch’s sword, one of Seborn’s daggers, and a cupcake held by Bird. The Sinew Magus saw the line of eight glaring at him.
“Back of the line, Sinew Magus. We all want a word with Erin.”
Jelaqua cheerfully jerked a thumb over her shoulder. Grimalkin growled.
“Pallass is—”
“—content to wait. Sinew Magus, don’t make a scene. Hold our place. Miss Solstice, I’m glad to see you well.”
“Chaldion!”
Erin beamed past Klbkch as the Grand Strategist walked in with a bodyguard of five Drakes, who stared at Erin like she had antennae growing out of her head. Then a naked Drake walked in.
“Erin, please. If you love me, don’t let Chaldion have a word all day. If you hate me…do it for the hilarity. I saw your work at the guild. Beautiful.”
Saliss blew a kiss from his claws, and Erin laughed. Her eyes lit up, and she waved at Saliss. He winked around the room, saw Klbkch, and grinned with all his teeth.
“Looks like the inn’s back in business. Do you mind letting Rufelt and Lasica in? They want to come through, but the shiny pots won’t budge. And I am on my best behavior, so I didn’t turn them invisible.”
“Oh! Rufelt and Lasica—I forgot to add them to the list. Erin, I need to be at the door. Who am I letting in besides people we know?”
Lyonette cursed and hurried forwards. Erin hesitated.
“Is Ilvriss in Pallass or something?”
