9.01
Page 34
But they had a lot of time while corn roasted. Well…long enough. Especially because the fire was only large enough to do a few husks at a time, and so Kevin was already making more for Yvlon and Ksmvr.
“The Walled Cities have no interest in fighting the tribes. I believe most are safe from any attacks until the scope of the new lands are explored. The Walled Cities do not want to make greater enemies than they have. They took losses fighting at the Great Plains. They are wary of the Antinium and other forces that may seek Izril.”
Chaldion sat down in the end. Erin frowned at him.
“Are they worried the tribes’ll fight back? Get revenge?”
“Possibly. But I believe that is not a concern, the tribes sieging a Walled City. Not in their current state.”
“…Which implies that the other cities that aren’t Walled Cities may suffer as a result.”
Grimalkin spoke, and Chaldion glanced at him. The Drake nodded once. He turned to Erin and was rewarded with a huge smile.
“Well, we’ll see what happens. I just asked, Chaldion, because if they try that again while I’m awake, I’ll nail my next quest to Pallass’ walls.”
The Grand Strategist actually hesitated a moment before nodding blandly.
“Your point is well taken. Many mistakes were made during those events. In hindsight…”
He trailed off, and everyone looked at him. Because no one interrupted him, Chaldion finished his thought.
“…in hindsight, I believe I would have had that idiot, Dragial, buried in an unmarked grave. Fissival expelled him because they had to, but they never abandoned him. He would be attacking your inn within the month if he were alive and heard you post that quest.”
“Huh. What did he do? Wait—he was the one who led Fissival’s army, right? Who killed him?”
“Us. I knew it. I knew she was up to something.”
Jelaqua Ivirith strode around the corner of the inn and pointed accusatorily at Erin. And then Seborn, Maughin, and Jelaqua joined the group.
“Aren’t we going inside? Where’s the excitement, Erin?”
“There’s no excitement, Jelaqua. We’re grilling corn. And Kevin puts cheese on his. Pull up a seat, and Ishkr can get drinks. Actually, he should take a break. Maybe someone can help…?”
The Gnoll stood up.
“I’m fine, Erin. It’s just drinks.”
“Wh—no party?”
The Selphid seemed crestfallen, but Seborn had already sat down. Erin smiled.
“No party. Just…a picnic. Or is it a campfire cookout?”
Jelaqua didn’t seem to get the difference until she sat down and felt it. It was the tempo. The amount of guests could vary, but the atmosphere was relaxed. Erin had a moment, and in that moment, she had to ask.
“So…you killed Dragial?”
“He was going after Lehra and her team—that’s the Stargnoll. She owns the Blade of Mershi.”
Erin nearly sprayed her watermelon juice over Maughin.
“W—someone found one already? Well then, I guess that quest’s like a quarter done! I thought that would be the hard part! Hey, does it speak to her? I mean, uh…nevermind.”
“Speak to her? I don’t know, but that Wall Lord wanted her dead. He hired her to find it; it’s a famous tale. I guess you never knew it because you were in Liscor, but Lehra’s been famous for, what, two years? There was a huge argument because Dragial always said she stole the artifact. I thought she was sort of a thief—until I met her.”
Chaldion lifted a finger.
