9.01
Page 49
Prognugator Dekass walked forwards, carrying an entire lasagna tray in two arms and a pair of drinks—both for him—with his other two. He still had his armor on, the repaired damage from battle shining on his breastplate, and he had a slight limp, but he seemed as happy as could be.
And then—the [Crusaders], the Free Antinium, they realized they were all here. The six legends. The myths of the Free Hive.
Furfur, Klbkch, Ksmvr, Dekass, Pivr, and Crusader 57. The six most hated Antinium in one spot for various reasons.
Ksmvr, who had once nearly gotten Liscor overrun in his brief tenure as Prognugator and who had hurt Pawn.
Dekass, who had been completely objectionable for most of his stay at the inn.
Pivr, doubly objectionable.
Klbkch the Slayer, executioner of Antinium, feared for his cold attitude towards others.
Crusader 57, who could be mean and hurt people’s feelings.
And Furfur, who made animals go take naps.
Clearly, this was a vortex of evil Antinium, and the only question in each Antinium’s mind was—who was in the top five? Did they have to update the rankings?
Of course, even the Antinium knew that it wasn’t that serious of a ranking. It was mostly just…fun. But it seemed at least one of the Antinium was self-aware, because Ksmvr turned to Furfur.
“They call you Furfur. Your name is known to me as a dread Antinium of ill repute.”
The [Pet Trainer] stopped in confusion as the dog barked quietly. Ksmvr met his gaze, and if sparks could fly…slowly, he lifted the cat in his hands as Klbkch stared at him in confusion.
“Furfur, I respect your class and abilities. But I fear—my time in Chandrar has given me insights you cannot dream of. I have been friends with the Empress of Beasts, and she has taught me many things. So—observe the forbidden technique. [Fourfold Petting].”
With that, he began demonstrating a 100% increase in the techniques of ear scratching, tummy-rubbing, and cat-pampering. The cat practically writhed with delight in Ksmvr’s hands as Klbkch stared at him.
“Unbelievable.”
He stalked past Ksmvr, and Dekass wandered away since he had been told the cats were not part of the food being served. Furfur watched in silence as Ksmvr amazed the onlookers with his talents. The little dog stared at the cat as Furfur put him down, and he raced over to get a scrap from Crusader 53.
What would be his response? Furfur was very still as he fished in a belt pouch. Then…he produced a short-toothed comb and brush.
Instantly, the cat abandoned Ksmvr and leapt into Furfur’s hands. He began to comb and brush the cat’s fur as Ksmvr’s mandibles fell open. Furfur nodded to Ksmvr and picked up the dog; it was getting late, and they needed to sleep.
 
——
 
“Ksmvr, where did you go?”
The Antinium came back to the central fire as Ceria, Pisces, and Yvlon showed him the cake slice they’d safeguarded for him. The Antinium didn’t touch it. He sat there and looked at his comrades.
“My team, I have been bested, humiliated, and defeated. It is a strange feeling, to be so roundly thrashed. I may never recover. And yet—I must train harder.”
He clenched one fist. Yvlon turned to Ceria, uncertain whether or not they should get up and avenge Ksmvr or not.
And the night went on.
 
——
 
In the end, there were a lot of theories about happiness and the meaning of life, if you’d even thought about it in a grand sense.
“The meaning of life? Uh—”
Joseph completely blanked when he was asked. He glanced around and stuttered.
