9.01
Page 5
…Suxhel, please convey my strongest urgings to Lehra that she should take her team and visit The Wandering Inn to entreat my [Innkeeper] about this issue, as I believe she can well agree. I can only regret the impromptu and frankly irresponsible timing, but it is sadly irreversible. Please also copy the contents of this update to one Feshi Weatherfur, Shaman Theikha, and other interested parties…
 
And the next note, which was not a [Message] but a little card.
 
Dear Visma,
Please accept my most heartfelt condolences, as I fear we must postpone our tea date to another time at your best convenience. I have been embroiled in something of a ‘to-do’ as I am sure will be apparent once you receive this missive.
I can only apologize once again, as needs must when The Wandering Inn comes to chaos. Rest assured, I will attempt to find time in my schedule perhaps tomorrow to catch you up with all the hullabaloo and nonsense…
 
The writing was the same. The attitude? Erin gazed down at Mrsha as Gire giggled and greedily scarfed down a pawful of fries that Ishkr was already passing around.
And Seborn was still laughing. The Drowned Man chortled as he sat at a table, and Erin turned, glad to see something hadn’t changed!
“Seborn, Jelaqua! Hi! Look, before anyone says anything, I didn’t know the guild was going to fall down. It’s not my fault! It probably had termites. I, um…”
She looked around, and the stares were familiar. Exasperation, surprise, confusion, and mirth. This was The Wandering Inn’s classic.
“Erin, you’ve been back from the dead ten days, and this is the first thing you do? C’mere! I thought you were too fragile to hug, but I’m going to do it again!”
Jelaqua bounded over and, wearing the body of a Gnoll woman, rubbed her cheek against Erin’s. It was rather like being embraced by a dead, hairy fish, but Erin grinned and protested.
“Jelaqua! Aw, come on. Save that for Maughin.”
That just made the Selphid laugh. Seborn stopped chuckling at last as the Gold-rank Captain looked around and grinned.
“Maughin himself might come here if only to be part of the moment! Unless he’s working on his mistress, that is.”
“His what?”
Jelaqua blinked as Erin wondered if a lot had changed. The Selphid laughed.
“Oh—I meant his stupid Adamantium ingot. Sorry. That’s what I call it.”
“Thank goodness. Also, I’m glad you two are here! And that you found all that hilarious, Seborn.”
“Immensely. I have had enough of gloom these last months. Maybe Moore will start smiling again. If he can make it through that lot. You are feeling better?”
Seborn walked over, and Erin grinned weakly.
“Good enough to knock down a guild, at least. I’m, um…I’m back. So I don’t want anyone coddling me anymore!”
Jelaqua saluted with a glint in her eyes.
“Perish the thought. We just held back because we thought you needed time. But if you’re feeling up for it, we’ll start taking meals here again. That’s wonderful. And we do have a lot to catch up on.”
The faint orange glint behind the dead body’s pupils found Erin, and the [Innkeeper] sombered for a moment. That was completely true. Erin looked around and saw her Quest had worked; everyone else was seeing her in a different light.
“Well, Erin. I should have known you wouldn’t give us a month before causing a mess. Grandmother is going to kill you. As for me?”
Selys put her claws on her hips, but she couldn’t hide the faint smile tugging at the corners of her mouth.
“…I’m just glad you’re still surprising us all. What is that new power? A Mythical Quest?”
“Exactly! How did you do it, Erin?”
