9.01
Page 1
The same for any [Spymasters] who’d pulled surveillance early. All in all, Erin Solstice’s stunt destroyed Liscor’s Adventurer’s Guild and also cost over thirty-eight jobs, but you couldn’t blame her for the latter part.
 
——
 
Fetohep of Khelt, for his part, had seen it all. He did not brook incompetence, and a professional [Observer] did not shirk their duty for lack of interest. He watched Erin Solstice disappear into the inn and marked all who followed after.
Some he recognized based on first-hand encounters or pen pal correspondence. Others, by virtue of their names.
The Horns of Hammerad, Mrsha, Gireulashia, Krshia Silverfang, Bird the Hunter, Klbkch the Slayer, naturally. The Thronebearers were a known entity, Lyonette du Marquin of Calanfer was known to him on a political level—but even he hadn’t been entirely aware of the Goblin component of the inn.
“She mentioned that one. Numbtongue, I believe. Flag the Goblin’s face and details for the file.”
Fetohep spoke briefly, and one of Khelt’s servants hurried to note down the moment in the video. The ruler’s fingers drummed on the armrest of his throne. He turned his head slightly, and one of the servants paused the recording as Fetohep gestured.
“Who is the Drowned Man?”
“Seborn Sailwinds.”
“Sailwinds…a relation to Therrium Sailwinds? The Drowned Captain [Pirate]?”
“Y-yes, Your Majesty. A member of the Halfseekers.”
“Ah.”
It was one of those coincidences that entangled Erin Solstice further with events far from Liscor. Was it coincidence? Only if you lacked a sense for the grand scheme of things.
Fetohep calmly noted who was allowed into the inn, but he didn’t direct the [Observer] to try to gain entry. Shriekblade and the Thronebearers were among the inn’s defenses, and they would deter almost any covert infiltration until the inn opened.
Besides—he’d seen enough. The King of Khelt was one of the most sedate and laid back personalities watching the events in Liscor unfold. Because, of course, he understood.
Not all of it. He had been as surprised as everyone else by the quests, but he knew from whence they came. Nor did Fetohep send a [Message] to Erin Solstice.
Not yet. He was now sure she remembered. How much was still up for debate. But it was enough.
“I weary of the recording. Leave me. Inform me only if a significant development occurs. I am not to be disturbed.”
The King of Khelt lifted a hand, and the servants bowed and hurried out of the throne room. They left him alone, glancing back over their shoulders in wonder.
There sat Fetohep, who, two weeks ago, had been the center of the world’s attention. The Revenant who had blazed across Chandrar, humbled a Walled City, and single-handedly held off five Walled Cities before rescuing the Gnolls and reshaping Izril by summoning the ghosts of ancient Gnolls.
Oh, and he’d fought an army of Seamwalkers and possibly averted the end of the world when no one was watching.
That was how his people described the events, anyways. It was also fairly notable that despite all the fallout of the war in the Great Plains, few people had contested that interpretation of things.
Indeed, Fetohep’s return to Chandrar had been amazingly smooth. After whisking the King of Destruction and some Gnoll tribes away, Fetohep had returned home. The Drakes had declined to give pursuit or attempt to block his progress, and the same went for Medain, the Claiven Earth, or any nation between him and Khelt.
