9.01
Page 33
“Well, when you say it like that, it sounds stupid. No way. Anti-allergy…”
Kevin leapt to his feet, shouting.
“Shrimp! Damn shrimp!”
Everyone peered at him. Kevin slapped his chest.
“I’m allergic to shrimp! Nothing else—but do you know how tough that makes eating seafood in—in where I live? I need that amulet!”
“Let me try it too!”
“Just get the spell.”
Grimalkin called after Kevin. And Erin felt a tingling on the back of her neck. She gaped at Grimalkin.
“Did…did we just solve allergies?”
He snorted.
“Hardly. Spells like this surely exist already. If you had enough coin, I imagine an [Alchemist] could create a nullifier for you. Even if we isolate this enchantment, unless it is mass-producible—and even if it is—it will end up being a widespread allergy cure for the middle class at most in twenty years’ time.”
“That sounds pretty good.”
“It would be. But it isn’t a cure. It would only save lives at a [Healer]’s if they had a charm like that to prevent such deaths and end up as a net positive for society. I’ll look into it.”
And there it was. Erin looked at Pelt, and he snorted.
“I’m not allergic to anything. Hey, are we going to eat this corn all day or do we go inside the inn?”
“D’you want to?”
The Dwarf considered this as he brushed kernels out of his beard. He scratched at his chin and glanced around. The sun was still high in the sky, the grass was soft, and the act of grilling food was fun enough that Erin wanted to do a sausage or two.
“…Nah.”
Erin smiled and focused back at the fire. She glanced up after a minute and brought up something she had wanted to ask.
“Are the Walled Cities going to attack the tribes, do you think, Grimalkin?”
He was about to answer, but was cut off. Kevin was hurrying back with Ksmvr and Yvlon, and the two stopped when they saw the fire.
“Erin! This is where you were? Everyone’s expecting you to summon a Frostmarrow Behemoth or something! They’re getting imp—are you grilling corn?”
Yvlon walked over, and Erin motioned them down as Grimalkin replied.
“Candidly, Erin? I think the answer is ‘no’. But you would have to ask Chaldion. I could support my reasoning with facts, but he knows the answer.”
Erin frowned. She turned to Ishkr, and the tingling grew into a certainty.
“Ishkr? Can you get him? Oh, and bring back some sausages. No one’s invented marshmallows yet—can you toast sugarcubes?”
 
——
 
By the time Grand Strategist Chaldion appeared through the [Garden of Sanctuary], Ksmvr, Yvlon, Grimalkin, Pelt, and Kevin were all passing around food that Ishkr had snuck out of the kitchen.
“What is this?”
“We’re just sitting around. Chaldion, are the Walled Cities gonna attack the Gnoll tribes after this? If you’re not going to answer, I’ll make you go sit in the inn.”
Erin waved at him, and the Drake—hesitated. But the [Innkeeper]’s eyes were gleaming, and she was sitting up a bit.
But no, she wasn’t running around, and this was not the legendary party. The excited Erin that the naive guests of the inn were still expecting to come bursting through the door—or a wall—wasn’t there.
Yet neither was the depression and magical flame. This was just…a regular fire. However, it was exactly for that reason that Erin was smiling.
“I could discuss that with you later along with your quests—”
“How about now, with everyone?”
The old Drake hesitated. And there it was. Erin had no time in the inn. At least, not with everyone in a line. Here, though? She’d just heard something from Grimalkin that had clearly been bubbling within him. There was no time in a party to ask the long questions.
