9.01
Page 53
“Lasica! You’re a [Chef]. Poofy hat? Bah, what kind of [Chef] are you? Pebblesnatch would have my back. Did Garry…? Argh!”
She rolled forward, and the door to the Garden of Sanctuary appeared. Erin rolled through room after room, disrupting the occupants, but she had no hat. At last, in desperation, she rolled into the kitchen.
“This…okay…”
Her guests followed her. Bemused, but that air of happy charm, of…something, lingered. In fact, it more than lingered.
It was here. The pleasant conclusion of the evening. Fading, but lingering around…
“Erin?”
Selys stared at Erin, and a sleepy Lyonette came downstairs because she’d felt it too. Not an aura, but something…close.
Her friends saw Erin Solstice pull something from a cupboard, inspect it, and bite her lip.
“I hope this’ll do. It’s not how I was taught, but—I’m an [Innkeeper]. Okay, here goes.”
With that, she raised a pot and put it over her head, the handle facing backwards because that was cool.
Erin stared at her friends with a pot on her head. Pisces began laughing, a slow laugh, and Ceria snorted, and Yvlon rubbed at her eyes.
“Erin, what…?”
“Just wait. Okay, I tip it like that and…gotcha!”
Her shout was triumphant, and then Erin snatched the pot from her head. She glanced around, decided she was not wearing that all day and night, and slammed a lid over it. She stared at the covered pot along with everyone else.
“Erin—what did you just do?”
The [Innkeeper] winked at her friends, and they gave her looks of great suspicion. For there it was. The crazy Human of Liscor, Erin Solstice, the [Innkeeper], the girl whom Nereshal called the Goblinfriend in times to come…she was many things they knew.
And something they didn’t. Pisces’ eyes widened, and Ceria gasped as the circlet helped her mind jump to a conclusion. Grimalkin just checked off a box and went to bed, smiling, without telling the weary Chaldion.
And Erin? The [Witch] winked at her guests.
“I’ll show you later. Have a good night, everyone. Just…ask yourselves one thing when you go to bed, and for the future.”
They focused on her, and Erin took a breath. She put the pot on her lap and folded her hands together.
“Do you have…a wish?”
“A wish?”
Lyonette blinked at Erin, and the [Innkeeper] smiled.
“Yes. Ask yourselves that. A wish. Something you’ve always wanted, deep down. Or something you realized you wanted.”
She looked around, and the little pot vibrated with something.
“Not a dream or something you really want. A wish. It might not be possible, but maybe it is. Something you want to do. In the days to come—I want to see what we can do. I want…I think we should get a pet. Make this inn worth even more than it is. Is Crusader 57 here?”
“Yep.”
Joseph jumped as one of the figures raised a hand. Erin laughed in the darkness.
“I hope this inn was okay, at least. But not perfect. You wanted more, didn’t you?”
The Worker considered the question for a long time. All the guests of the inn waited, and Squad 5 poked him vigorously, but he would say his piece no matter what, and when he replied…
It was with a shrug, and even perhaps, a slight raising of the mandibles.
“No. But you helped the Free Antinium do everything that came afterwards. So it’s good enough. You’re good enough.”
He looked around in the silence and scowled.
“What? That’s what I meant.”
Erin laughed. Then she wheeled forwards and took one of his hands.
“Next time, Crusader 57—okay, maybe not next time if it’s tomorrow. But next time you come here—there will be something for you. I promise. And for everyone else, something great. Something that matters.”
