9.01
Page 50
“Well, they say lots of things, right? Like, um, to ‘crush your enemies, see them driven before you, and hear the lamentations of their women.’”
Kevin began choking on his drink with laughter as Erin’s head swiveled, and she gave Joseph an outraged look. But the people sitting around Joseph took him at face value. Numbtongue gave Joseph a long, long look and a frown.
“…And then what?”
“Huh?”
“What do you do after that?”
The Hobgoblin gave Joseph a very distrustful look, and Seborn broke in.
“Pillage and plunder, obviously. And worse. That’s your meaning of life?”
He gave Joseph a deeply disturbed look, and the young man raised his hands hurriedly. Imani was horrified. She might have been from Earth, but she had no idea what he’d been quoting.
“That’s what you want to do, Joseph?”
“No!”
“It’s clearly what he meant from the context. What are you, some kind of Bloodtear Pirate or those insane raiders?”
A Drake twitched at her spot around the fire, but Joseph was the one trying to defend himself.
“It’s not me—it’s just a quote, guys. It’s just one theory, right? I mean, no one knows the answer—”
Pawn raised one hand politely. He had been creating some bread for extra food, and he turned to Joseph.
“I have seen my enemy driven before me many times. I have also crushed their heads with a mace. It is not best in life to me, but I respect your attitude towards the game of football. No wonder you are a [Coach].”
It was getting dark, and the laughter from the fire where Joseph’s name was being dragged through the mud almost woke a sleepy little Gnoll in Lyonette’s arms as she carried Mrsha to their rooms. But most people were sitting around the glowing embers in the darkness.
When they rose, they’d have to go home or beg a room for the night and face consequences like how much they’d just eaten or the work they had tomorrow or just—life.
But this night had been quiet and enjoyable. Not mind-blowingly fun or crazy. Just—good. In fact, that was why even the Silverfangs had arrived near sunset.
They did not feast, exactly, but they had eaten and listened and talked. They would not have come for a great party, but this—this was close enough to their ceremonies.
Krshia Silverfang sat with a cup in her paw as she spoke, a nigh-invisible shadow with a glinting necklace of silver in the darkness.
“This talk of happiness, of life—I wish I had but an answer.”
She looked around, and Erin Solstice heard her growl in the darkness.
“We cried all our tears a while back, but it wasn’t enough. I should have stayed to bury the dead but I couldn’t face it. Cetrule…Torishi…Silverfangs left one dead Gnoll for every six that lived. I cannot smile for new lands or a glorious age. It comes at too high a cost.”
There it was again, and no one ran from it. The distant laughter faded, as if they heard, but someone did reply to Krshia.
It was Kevin. He spoke, thoughtfully, into the silence.
“In another world, there really wouldn’t be any point.”
Everyone looked at him, Grimalkin, Pisces, Erin, Krshia, Selys, Saliss, and Numbtongue—those were the people in the central spot. Kevin surely knew he was being listened to, but he didn’t care. He went on.
“At least we level up, here. At least that’s not forgotten. Sometimes I see things that have no meaning, and I…I don’t get why it happened. At least here I can say—maybe I’ll be able to do something in time. I couldn’t, even if I tried, even if I was there. Before. That’s something, right?”
Erin felt like he was looking at her. She knew he was speaking to her. It was something she’d said, and Ryoka.
