9.01
Page 21
But he had no time for all the stories, and it would not be fair to tell just one. Perhaps that inn would be suitable.
And yet—Teriarch shuddered. He did not remember that young woman, Erin Solstice. He did not know her. But they had met. And that knowledge, the contradiction of certainty and a gap in his self, was most terrifying of all.
All too tempting to curl up and sleep until the moment was long behind him. With every instinct, Teriarch had to fight that urge.
“Not again. Nevermore.”
Slowly, he slunk from his cave. Or waddled. His body felt leaden. His wings flapped, ungainly, and he peered around, blinking irritably in the sunlight.
“Why me? Why not the first Dragonlord of Gems, Saracandre, or haughty Xarkouth. Why not…why not a Djinni, damn it? I may be one of the oldest, but…”
It had all been planned out. He understood that. They had waited for him, scolded him and laughed at him, and sent him back with an impossible mission like he was a copper-a-dozen [Hero] trying to take down a Kraken with a shiny rock.
Perhaps it was simply who had resurrected him. As the Dragonlords died, the spell might have well failed on them, and it was too great a risk to take. Teriarch wondered if it were also that only one name would have really mattered to the person they had to convince.
“Why me? Who are you? What were you, to me?”
All he knew was a name. And though he could guess, there was nothing there. No flicker of emotion, no spark of even the faintest memory.
“Ryoka Griffin. Magnolia Reinhart…”
Nothing. The Dragon shook his head. Then he spread his wings and flew. He did not have the words to mourn so many, nor the time. He had not the elegance—not anymore, nor even did his vast wealth suit the occasion.
What were you supposed to do in these times? When you grieved, but you had grieved before? When even a garden would not showcase your loss? The Dragonlord climbed higher, searching.
And an [Innkeeper] looked around.
 
——
 
Erin had let Crusader 57 down. She knew it. Him and others. The Wandering Inn had food coming out of the kitchens, but contrary to Mrsha-belief, food did not equate to everything.
Her garden didn’t have the statues. And she herself was…well. Erin wanted to hug Crusader 57, stand up, and…
What could she do? That was the question. Erin thought about it, and this was still only an hour after she’d just posted a Mythical Quest.
Everyone still wanted to talk about that.
“Miss Solstice. As I was saying, Pallass is willing to offer…”
“Yeah, yeah, Grimalkin. Shush. Did you actually think I’d go for it?”
“At first offer? No. But I am prepared to offer you—”
Erin looked up at the Drake and frowned.
“Are you going to threaten me if bribing me doesn’t work?”
The [Sinew Magus] closed his mouth, and Erin folded her arms. He slowly glanced over his shoulder, and Erin traced his gaze back to Chaldion.
“…I am representing Pallass, Erin. You understand it’s my—duty—to do all I can in that regard.”
Something was odd about the way he said ‘duty’. Erin studied Grimalkin, and her distraction turned to a moment of curiosity.
Even he seemed different. But she couldn’t chase down that momentary flicker. It was not the time.
“…Can we skip the threats? Let’s say you try again…in two days?”
Grimalkin eyed Erin, then made a note on his pad.
“Very well. It would appear that’s for the best. Especially since I gather you are distracted…I will not waste our time. Thank you, Erin.”
