9.01
Page 44
An undead king and a ruler made of a thousand lifetimes drank deep into that night, celebrating the dead, and a Dragon flew. He alone, that Lord of Flame, had no one else to mourn with that knew their names. Not even the Quarass. But though the night was long, he followed his heart.
Despite what might come next, despite not knowing whom he was flying to, despite the wrongs he had committed, he flew, bearing a few things, to meet someone he knew only by name. And he was a Dragon, so he flew fast, but the journey was far. Nevertheless, Teriarch went onwards.
To what would be in this world, at least, perhaps the last true gathering of Dragon and Wyrm.
 
——
 
They hadn’t moved from the hill outside The Wandering Inn, although the sky was growing dark. In contrast, the fire glowed brighter, and it was like a magnet. Though people got up to stretch their legs or go to the bathroom, they returned and sat back down.
And talked. Not all of it was as dramatic as Erin’s words. In fact, it got entirely silly at times. However, these were conversations that you might never hear the people here speaking about, held over a bit of corn or sausage or a roasted banana.
“It’s happiness, isn’t it? Isn’t that the point of it all? To be happy? I mean, there’s other stuff in life when you boil it down to the roots. When I was a little squirming Selphie, I thought I’d be a grand adventurer and then make some new Selphids and tell stories in my later years. What else is there to do?”
Jelaqua was speaking next to Maughin, going after Erin’s question from earlier. So—so it was a philosophical discussion.
What was the meaning of life? Or, alternatively, what was happiness? It was like the fire setting dragged the question out of those present.
“Is happiness the meaning of life? Are you sure?”
The question came from Garia, whose head rose, frowning from a handful of yeasted popcorn with butter she was eating with Numbtongue. The question stumped Jelaqua.
“Isn’t it? Don’t you want to be happy in life? I mean, you earn a job and coins to buy things you want like food, a roof over your head—but if you had all the gold in the world, you might not work. So what else do you do but things that make you happy? Kids, adventuring, leveling—it’s all for happiness, isn’t it?”
“Maybe. It just—seems kind of basic.”
“You’re basic.”
At this, Maughin nudged Jelaqua and murmured.
“Dear.”
“Sorry, Garia.”
The City Runner lifted a hand, and the Selphid relaxed slightly. Garia looked around, a bit embarrassed.
“What do you all think?”
The people sitting around the fire with Erin looked at each other. Erin was dozing a bit, but she saw Grimalkin lift a claw and begin to pontificate.
“I believe the question is inherently misleading, with all due respect to Adventurer Jelaqua. You see, happiness is conflated with purpose. One cannot be happy without fulfillment of some kind. [Mages] used to run emotional detection spells in Walled Cities to understand various policies, the effects of classes, distribution, etc. and they found excessive wealth did not indicate higher levels of happiness. The opposite, usually. The most happy individuals had a certain degree of wealth and levels and purpose.”
The brief lecture made Relc yawn.
“[Mages]. But you need money.”
“I said certain degrees of wealth. Happiness is linked to fulfillment. That is my answer in brief.”
Grimalkin folded his arms. He was instantly countered by Selys, who disagreed in a major way.
