9.01
Page 31
He looked up from arranging the corn expertly—of course a [Smith] knew how to grill anything to the heat he wanted. He met Grimalkin’s eyes.
“Sorry, I guess.”
Erin, Kevin, and Ishkr turned to the Sinew Magus, but Grimalkin just sat there a moment before glancing up.
“…You haven’t said anything that a reasonable observer couldn’t claim. I don’t believe this is the moment to defend the Walled Cities. Nor was it defense that motivated five Walled Cities to bear arms against the Gnolls. Excuse me—three. As Oteslia and Salazsar were clearly acting in defense of the tribes.”
Erin bit her lip, and Kevin exhaled slowly. This was the kind of thing that she hadn’t talked about. Erin had gotten several accounts of the Meeting of Tribes, and she had even been there, albeit as Sserys. But they’d talked about it in the manner of recalling it. Normally, they’d drop it there, but…Erin looked around and realized there was no need.
She wasn’t going back into the inn, and the corn was grilling once more. Ishkr reached and pulled out a butterspice tea for Grimalkin and a mead of some kind for Kevin and Pelt.
“…Grimalkin. I bet you don’t know or you can’t say, but you trained in Fissival, right? Is it true that the Drakes were stealing magic from the Gnolls?”
“Yes.”
Everyone stirred. Grimalkin looked up. His face was shrouded despite all the light.
“I cannot prove it. And before you ask, no, I didn’t know about it. But the facts line up. To what end is a mystery, but they did.”
“So the Drakes stole Gnollish magic to weaken them. Then—when the tribes found out, they marched into the Meeting of Tribes to…kill them?”
Pelt spat sideways off the hill.
“Classic.”
Erin shook her head.
“Why?”
“The Walled Cities occupy a certain mindset. They regard any foe as an inevitable clash—it only matters when. They thought, clearly, that they could win an advantage by striking first. It almost succeeded, but for Khelt, one could argue.”
Grimalkin’s voice was flat. Erin watched him, and Kevin spoke up.
“It seemed like hell, Grimalkin, man. I know Pallass didn’t fight the Gnolls, but I was watching it happen. I don’t know if I could ever look at Manus, Zeres, or Fissival the same way.”
The [Sinew Magus] sat there. He didn’t meet Kevin’s eyes, and Erin held her breath.
“No. I don’t believe many people could, Kevin.”
Kevin hesitated, then spoke quickly, raising one hand as Pelt flipped a piece of corn.
“But it isn’t your fault. You were far from the Meeting of Tribes, and I know you’re….I’m just saying the other Walled Cities.”
Grimalkin didn’t say anything at first, and Erin replied slowly for him.
“…But he could have been. He didn’t do anything, but the Walled Cities still did this, and Pallass didn’t really stop them. And Ferkr was there. Is she okay?”
The Sinew Magus glanced up.
“Ferkr? She is my finest apprentice, though I barely trained her as much as some of the others. She is well. Nothing you’ve said today is wrong. I have been reflecting on much the same.”
There it was. Erin Solstice raised her cup to sip, and it was empty. She handed the cup to Ishkr with a pleading look.
“Can I get another? With a straw?”
“Of course.”
Erin turned back to Grimalkin.
“What could you do, though, Grimalkin? I mean…I get it. If I was—alive—when it happened—”
Everyone smiled a bit, and Erin went on.
“—I’d have tried to do something. But you…what could you do? I mean, it’s done. So what?”
“…Quit Pallass.”
Kevin’s mouth fell open, and Pelt sat up. He flipped husks of corn onto a plate as Erin looked sharply at Grimalkin.
“You don’t mean that, do you?”
