9.01
Page 52
Erin had heard all of it. She needed something to blow her nose with, so she used the hem of Pisces’ robe.
“Erin.”
But he didn’t stop her, just grimaced. Erin wiped her face.
“Sorry. But that’s what they need to say. We need time. It’s too much. We have to say it slowly. Even though…”
They also had so much to do. Pisces looked at her as the people began rising, breaking up for sleep. But that moment…his eyes fixed on her.
“I—do have something to say to you, Erin. But I—I cannot—now is—”
He glanced around the fire, and Ceria, Ksmvr, and Yvlon were there. But Pisces couldn’t say it. Not with people. Maybe not even alone. He looked at Erin’s shadow, and he didn’t see how her eyes fixed sadly on him. But Erin didn’t say the things that would ruin this moment. She just patted his hand.
“We have time. I’ll get it out of you when you’re ready.”
The [Necromancer]’s head bowed.
“…Time? It’s been ten days. More. I left…”
He was about to shout it, say it, but Erin just tightened her hand on his.
“For another day, rest. Just one day.”
He nodded, and Erin wheeled herself away from the fire. She had something to do too, and she heard the quiet voices speaking in the night.
 
——
 
They were not all good conversations. There were fights and even stupid questions. Like…
“Was it worth it? Do you regret anything?”
It might have been a random guest who asked that, or even a friend of the inn. It was a stupid question, whether it was Rasktooth or anyone else who was asked.
Of course you regretted not dodging. Of course it hurt, and of course you regretted the pain and what might never come back.
How could you ask a person that? Let alone a tribe, even, especially in hindsight? It was the kind of question that deserved a stinger in the eye on general principle.
The little bee fanned one wing as Lyonette put her on the windowsill. She had a bowl of honey water waiting for her, but she’d been stuck in the sling all night. She would have loved to fly…but she wouldn’t. Never again.
She would have crawled around on the ground outside, but it was too dangerous for her, and she understood that. She could not fly, and Apista regretted that.
She had no answer, but the little white girl was sleeping in bed and the [Princess] smiled so much she almost cried. Apista felt it. As Lyonette went to sleep, Apista limped to the slightly open window and lit a bit of one of Palt’s cigars with some flame she produced.
A drink and a smoke on a moonlit night. Worth it…she fanned her stub of a wing and dragged herself forwards with her good legs. She didn’t know about worth. But this?
Yeah. That felt nice.
 
——
 
It was dark now, and the last moments of this gathering were breaking up. But all it had meant, all the powerful feelings that had been shed here, even in part, still lingered. What was it? Could you name it?
The [Innkeeper] didn’t know, but she went around, wheeling her chair into shins, apologizing, and bidding people goodnight. But she had a problem.
“Excuse me. Do you know where Alcaz and Normen went? Pivr? I saw he had…they’re already in Liscor? Darn. Hey. Um. Do you have a hat? Ceria? Yvlon? Helmet? Grimalkin? Relc, buddy?”
“A hat?”
The sleepy people looked at Erin, and she realized none of them had a hat. This was a hatless crowd. Aside from the Brothers—they were anti-hat.
“What’s with you guys? Not one of yous has a hat? Not you, Ser Sest? Give your helmet! …Where’s your helmet?”
“Why do you need a hat, Erin? You don’t wear hats!”
An exasperated Selys snapped back. Erin rolled around with increasing urgency.
