9.01
Page 30
“Good. You can share. What’s this thing? Too crunchy on the inside, but the yellow things are good. I’m hungry. Haven’t taken a break from smithing all day.”
He had eaten the corn and the cob in one huge bite. Which, yes, was technically edible, but…Erin protested as she put some butter on her portion.
“Pelt! That’s my corn! Don’t you know what corn is?”
“This is corn? You’re joking. This isn’t corn.”
Pelt nearly dropped the piece of corn. He pointed at it, aghast.
“Corn’s dark. It looks the same, but it has black leaves, and it’s pale as snow.”
“No…what kind of corn do you eat?”
Grimalkin snapped his claws.
“Snowcorn, from Noelictus, the Kingdom of Shade. They are Terandria’s breadbasket—they provide most crops. Deríthal-Vel would import it.”
“Right. Are you telling me corn’s not white and black? Damnit. Those undead-kissing freaks. It’s the same as bread all over again.”
Grumbling, Pelt sat down, and Kevin’s stomach rumbled. He looked at Ishkr.
“Do you, um, have more corn, Ishkr? We could fry more. Or—how about bread? Hey, we’ve got some.”
“I’ll check.”
As he did, Kevin simply tore some of the fresh loaf of bread and began trying to roast that over the fire.
He set fire to the bread. Erin laughed as Kevin blew frantically, then she gingerly picked up the grilled corn and inspected it. It certainly smelled good, and she was hungry. She frowned as she took a few bites.
“Now that you mention it—maybe I have eaten this before? At fairs and stuff. Weird. Is this how people eat corn elsewhere?”
“They do it in Michigan too.”
“Nah, nah. Boiling is how it’s supposed to be. This is like an alternative way.”
“Erin, you’re making me mad. I’ll push your chair down this hill.”
Pelt’s loud crunching interrupted the squabble. He’d just eaten the entire corn cob. He licked his fingers—which were sooty—and nodded.
“That’s not bad.”
“Pelt! You don’t eat the entire cob!”
Pelt and Grimalkin challenged Erin instantly.
“Why not?”
“Indeed, it is far more beneficial to consume the entire product. Baby corn is edible in its entirety; I observe [Farmers] feeding the cob to goats.”
“Yeah, and they’re goats. I’m a person.”
Pelt snorted.
“Do you peel your apples first and not eat all of it? Humans.”
“Hey! What, you eat the core too? And the seeds? That can kill you!”
“What? That’s stupid. Is a [Druid] going to make them explode in my stomach? You hear this, Sinew Magus? I bet she cuts the crusts off bread too. Like an infant.”
The squabble was interrupted by a loud crunch. Everyone turned and saw Kevin biting into toasted…toast. He winced at a shell of charcoal on his failed first attempt, but then brightened up.
“Ishkr, you’re a genius.”
The Gnoll had come back with all the corn he could liberate, a chunk of parmesan, a grater, a bowl, and another jar of honey. Kevin slathered some honey over his bread, but when he announced he would now create roasted corn with parmesan, that was the step too far.
“There is no way that will taste appetizing.”
Grimalkin refused to hear of it. Pelt was all for it and tossed the corn husks on the fire without fear of flame. Erin just smirked at him.
“You started us down this dark road, Grimalkin. You’re gonna eat it! I’ll have a bite too. Pelt, what’s up?”
“You mean, besides you coming back to life? The Gnolls nearly getting wiped out by the damn Drakes? Izril cracking like a bad egg?”
Erin hesitated.
“Um…yeah?”
“Nothing. Aside from someone ‘inventing’ Demas Metal. Gah, I suppose he has a right to it. If he’s even alive after the damned Drakes tried to send Gnolls the way of Halflings and Harpies.”
