9.01
Page 6
Lyonette was back from checking the windows, and she turned to Erin as the Horns came over. Ceria was giving Erin a long look, and Pisces was rubbing at his hair, as astonished as Yvlon. Ksmvr? Ksmvr was hiding behind Yvlon as Klbkch stared at him, and Relc came stomping back into the common room.
“Um…it’s complicated. But when I say…things…I mean them. I just—I need to prove it.”
Erin spoke to the group, but Ceria in particular. The half-Elf gazed at Erin and looked away, but everyone goggled at Erin with a mix of confusion and awe.
“But I thought quests could only be posted if you had the reward and you knew…do you have the key to the Armory of Stars or whatever that was?”
Yvlon was bewildered. Klbkch just studied Erin from head to toe. Jelaqua shook her head instantly.
“There is no way Erin just had that in her back pocket all this time. Is there?”
“Wanna bet?”
Erin waved her hands.
“No, I don’t have it! I just—I knew the City of Stars existed. And I sort of knew I could post the Quest because, um, well, if you got to the city wherever it is, the key’s not too hard to find, right? I didn’t add that to the quest rewards, but I guess it qualified? That’s my theory. All I offered was the location. And the free lunch, but that’s posted rewards, so I don’t have to honor it.”
Pisces’ eyes flickered as he opened his mouth. Lyonette put a hand over her head, looking ready to swoon in exasperation. Klbkch slowly lifted a finger.
“Interpreting that statement, Erin. Can I assume then that you know details about a lost Walled City, know the location of the key to their armory of what sounds like artifacts and powerful weapons—all of which are legends which I have understood have no basis in any kind of fact outside of Wall Lord Dragial’s infamous search, which many considered lunacy—and that you may not feed the finder lunch?”
Erin hesitated.
“N—y—well, I just said I don’t have to feed them lunch. That’s the difference between posted rewards and quest rewards. One’s guaranteed. I’d totally make lunch! Great lunch! Amazing lunch! The best lunch you’d ever see in your life for someone who found Mershi!”
She looked around indignantly. Let no one say Erin Solstice didn’t provide free lunch for people who found Walled Cities! Klbkch just looked at Relc. The Drake raised a claw.
“So you know where a lost Walled City is.”
“Yes.”
Selys gaped at her. Pisces lifted a finger.
“And the Crossroads of Izril, a place I have never heard of in modern parlance.”
“Eh, maybe they forgot? It was totally something people knew about. I mean…it was. Yeah, totally. I bet you a [Historian] would know about it.”
Erin couldn’t believe that part. How did you forget about a crossroads? She scratched at her head, but Ksmvr waved a hand urgently.
“And you are also capable of posting Mythical-rank quests?”
“That’s about right. Legendary t—”
Erin Solstice’s mouth ran ahead of her mind, and she bit back the words too late. Erin saw and heard Gire begin choking on her fries at the table. Selys’ jaw dropped, and Lyonette covered her eyes as Pisces’ eyes bulged with the implications. Yvlon just fainted.
The thud of Yvlon going over made everyone gather around her, but Relc scratched at his head slightly.
“Wait, is that really impressive? I get it looked cool, but what’s ‘Mythical Quest’ even mean?”
Selys was exasperated as she bent over Yvlon. Ksmvr helpfully dumped a pitcher of water over the [Armsmistress]’ face.
