9.01
Page 24
“It opens outwards? When did that happen?”
The world was topsy-turvy. Erin rolled back a bit and realized the issue with wheelchairs and doors that opened into said wheelchairs. She rolled back a bit more, extended her arm to reach out, and gave up. She looked over her shoulder at the crowd and then at the inn. Then Erin Solstice slowly wheeled her chair forwards, past the door, and came to a stop after a minute.
She was still sitting there when Ishkr found her. He opened the door with the intuition of someone realizing that Erin might be having trouble getting into her wheelchair or into the inn, but saw that the outhouses were open. So he studied the crowd and saw them all staring ‘behind’ the inn.
The Gnoll found Erin Solstice sitting on the edge of the grass hill, under the sun. It was fall, but some days were warm enough, and she was gazing down at the Floodplains.
“Look at all those colors, Ishkr. Did you know that the grass changed to orange and red and yellow like this?”
Purple too. Erin was seeing the Floodplains change color for the winter. Ishkr hesitated.
“I’ve lived here for most of my life, Erin. Yes.”
“Gotcha, gotcha.”
The [Head Server] waited, but Erin didn’t say anything else. She glanced up after a moment and added.
“I mean, I saw it last year, but I guess I forgot. Anyways, it looks cool.”
“Indeed?”
It was pretty, but Ishkr was more worried about Erin’s face. She didn’t seem like a woman with a plan, nor did she have the too-bland look she got when she was actually about to unleash havoc. She was just…staring out across the Floodplains. Most of the crowd was on the other side, watching the front of the inn, although some were sidling around to stare at her. Some had scrying orbs, others had Grimalkin-style notepads.
Erin ignored them all.
“I wish we had the magic door. Then I could slip out somewhere else. I guess that’s on the list of things to do.”
“I am sure Miss Lyonette has it on her list. Can I wheel you inside, Erin? Or do you need anything?”
If she had said, ‘Ishkr, get me two mops, a jar of magicore, and a banana peel’, he would have done so at once. But the [Innkeeper] just sat there.
“I don’t think so, Ishkr. They’re all ready for a party, aren’t they?”
“Yes, Erin.”
“Okay.”
She didn’t move. Ishkr was even sure that if Erin really wanted to, she could have used the [Garden of Sanctuary] to get into the inn. Yet she didn’t go anywhere, and after a minute of him standing there uncomfortably, she glanced up.
“Why don’t you take a seat, Ishkr? I’d offer you mine, but this thing doesn’t have brakes. Sort of a design flaw. I might go rolling down and kill someone.”
A few Gnolls at the base of the hill decided not to stand right below her. Erin smiled a bit, and Ishkr awkwardly sat down.
“Can I get you anything, Miss Erin?”
“Erin’s okay. You’ve been here super long. As long as Lyonette, that was when we hired you. Man, that was a weird time. Remember that?”
“Vividly.”
Awkwardly, the Gnoll adjusted his apron and sat cross-legged. He didn’t know what kind of devious plan this was…but the grass was quite lovely, and they’d cleared the damn bear traps someone had left here once. He’d been terrified of walking around here for ages. Erin noticed his hesitation.
“What’s wrong?”
“Ah—nothing. It’s just that there were bear traps around here at one point. Not any longer—”
“What.”
Ishkr explained briefly, and Erin looked around.
“Whoa, that’s bad. I did that? Those Raskghar got in my head. Don’t worry—I can sort of tell what’s around my inn. We’re safe. And you still decided to work at my inn?”
“The pay is good.”
