9.01
Page 12
There was so much to do. But it occurred to Erin that Seborn was right. This was not the time. Even if she decided to embark on the highest priority things like finding a dungeon—Erin glanced at Grimalkin and Chaldion.
“…Nah.”
She was beckoning for the third person, who was in fact Pisces, when the doors opened and Antinium marched in. Erin turned, and her mouth opened.
“Whoa.”
A crusade entered the inn, and Pisces looked at the heavily armed, heavily armored Antinium who marched through the doors, formed into ranks, stopped, and stared.
At Erin. She stared back, eyes wide, and what did they see?
She saw Antinium she only vaguely, vaguely remembered from when she’d woken up, part of the hullabaloo. Antinium with no colors, but not regular, faceless Antinium either. Soldiers.
They?
They saw a Human woman, riding across the battlefield as they were thrown into war. They saw General Sserys of Liscor.
They saw a frozen bier and the cause that had led them to fight Hectval in the war. They saw the sky of the Free Antinium and the person who had begun it all.
Crusader 57 spoke into that silence as Crusader 53 touched the Dragonbone mace at his side, looking at her in awe, and Crusader 55 shook like a leaf.
“Where’s our food? I was promised food.”
Erin blinked, and the spell wore off before it had even finished casting. Four Antinium nudged Crusader 57, but in a resigned way. Erin tried to rise, realized she couldn’t, and turned.
“Pisces, sorry—who are these Antinium? I mean—welcome! That Worker has a giant sword!”
She pointed at Crusader 57’s weapon. Pisces stepped back as Erin wheeled forwards, smiling.
“Hello! Welcome! I’m—I’m Erin Solstice.”
How they twitched at that. Their antennae, poking through the holes in their helmets, twitched, and Erin saw them lock onto her. Even the Worker with the giant sword.
She wanted to stand, take their hands, or hug them, but more Antinium were coming through. Erin looked around and gestured to the tables.
“Sit, come in! Food’ll be here in a second—Ishkr, Lyonette! Who…I’m Erin. I said that. We have to talk. Just sit down for now and, um, maybe put your weapons at the door? Do we have a weapon rack or something? At least the sword.”
The zweihander and the big weapons that another group of Antinium with horns on their helmets were carrying were going to be hazards, even if they leaned them against the table. Forget tripping over an umbrella or bag; you’d cut yourself if you ran into that big blade.
Erin pointed vaguely to a corner, and Crusader 57 glanced at it. His response was instantaneous and, unfortunately, predictable.
“fUcK yoU. No one takes my sword.”
Erin’s mouth unlatched itself once more. Mrsha turned in her chair like the student meeting the wise master of profanity. Lyonette clapped a hand over her mouth and then tried to cover Mrsha’s ears, and Seborn began clutching at his sides again.
Instantly, all of Squad 5 slapped Crusader 57 on the shoulder and back, and he slapped back. Erin Solstice looked at him, at a loss for words.
“Um. Who are you?”
The question had an odd effect on the group, because they came to attention, and even the amazing Worker responded.
“Crusader 57, Squad 5, Battalion 1 under Commander Dekass. Liscor’s Army. Acid Jar Battalion.”
He offered her a sarcastic salute, and Erin Solstice stared at him.
“What battalion?”
The question threw Squad 5 harder than appearing in the middle of the Great Plains in a war. They looked at Erin and saw the lack of knowledge behind her eyes. They beheld the sky…and the sky had no idea who they were.
