9.01
Page 32
His eyes were very calm as he met her gaze.
“My options are simple, Erin. At their very core—there is a binary. Everything I do falls within those two outcomes. I consider everything. And as I learned, it is not impossible to quit a Walled City.”
He looked pointedly at Pelt, and the Dwarf grunted. He unwrapped one piece of roasted corn and began to lather it up with butter as Kevin did likewise. The Dwarf slapped away the bowl of parmesan.
“Pallass is just another city to me, Drake. I left my real home. No, I was exiled. There was nothing for me anywhere. Now…with my pride, I chose Esthelm, but think carefully. You can never go back again.”
He met Grimalkin’s gaze, and the Drake wavered. Erin held her breath. Then she took a piece of corn with cheese on it and stared dubiously at the concoction.
You got the powdered cheese to hold onto the corn with butter. Or mayonnaise, which sounded even more heinous. Erin took a bite and then chewed thoughtfully.
“Hey, this is pretty good! It sounds disgusting, but…Grimalkin, have one. You too, Pelt!”
“No.”
“Put that in my face, Kevin, and I will feed you a coal.”
“Ishkr! Come and have—”
The Gnoll reluctantly put down his tray of drinks, but when he took a bite of the corn and instantly spat it back out, that made Pelt ironically try it. The Dwarf found he enjoyed it, as did Grimalkin. Ishkr growled.
“I hate cheese. Sorry.”
“What? You hate cheese? All cheese?”
“Yes. It’s not even that I hate it—I get very sick. I even get puffy. And er—other things.”
“Wait, like bad poo? How long have you—I don’t really recall you hating pizza.”
Ishkr shook his head.
“I’ve had a slice or two and it was good, but I just—cannot have cheese. Butter is fine, actually. But no milk, no cheese.”
“Wait a second. That’s lactose intolerance.”
Kevin spoke up, and Grimalkin looked at him. Ishkr hesitated as Pelt decided to toast some bread.
“What does that mean?”
Erin wavered, then shrugged helplessly.
“…He’s allergic to milk. Intolerant? One of the two.”
That bombshell of information—fizzled out on the ground as Ishkr growled thoughtfully and then nodded along with Grimalkin and Pelt.
“That—makes sense. I guess I just never said it like that. You can be allergic to milk?”
“Sure, Antinium are allergic to wheat and stuff. Gluten. Wait a second…didn’t they fix that?”
Grimalkin raised a claw.
“They did. My reports indicate that Antinium are non-lethally and non-significantly intolerant to wheat-based products, or, as you say, ‘gluten’. I had to research the matter because some idiotic [Tactician] in the Walled Cities considered dumping flour on them in battle. I also found that at least a few members like their Centenium were resistant.”
“And Ksmvr eats the stuff. All the time. Because of his amulet of food poisoning or something—waitasecond.”
Erin snapped her fingers excitedly and looked at Kevin.
“Kevin, no way. Do you think instead of a food poisoning amulet it’s an—”
“Anti-allergy amulet? No way.”
Kevin looked from Grimalkin to Pelt. The Dwarf held up his hands.
“Get Hedault. I’m no [Enchanter]. Maybe it’s the same thing.”
Grimalkin instantly shook his head.
“It isn’t. But perhaps that enchantment is more sophisticated than we thought. Where did it come from?”
“Uh. Albez? Maaaaybe…”
The Drake tapped one claw on the ground meaningfully as Ishkr took a big bite of regular roasted corn and happily chewed.
“Are you saying that you think those adventurers found a regular anti-food poisoning amulet from Albez in, if I recall correctly, Warmage Thresk’s personal stash?”
Erin and Kevin opened their mouths. Erin replied weakly.
