9.01
Page 51
So that was where he was. They were all changing, and Kevin’s words hung in the air. Until Erin interrupted him.
This night, this evening with the fire, was good. She pushed herself up with her elbows in her chair and shook her head.
“No. Even if it were a place without levels or rewards or quests or magic…”
The others focused on her, and she sensed each one here, though they were a bunch of people as still as statues, shadows in the night. But she knew their faces and…Erin inhaled, and the air was smoky, making her cough. Oh, but it was real. So she had to tell them—tell Kevin he was a bit wrong.
“We are bound together by the things we lose and the things we’ve done. I’ll never forget that. I never did, even when I died.”
Pisces looked at Erin, but it was something only she could say. Erin turned to Krshia, and the Gnoll [Shopkeeper] studied the Human. They had met when Erin first visited Liscor, and Krshia was one of Erin’s first friends.
“I know what the Gnolls did, Krshia. They helped Mrsha. They did many things.”
“Some selfish. If it is a debt…”
“It’s not just a debt, Krshia. I know what they did. What they went through. I won’t forget what happened, and I wasn’t even there. I didn’t see it all, but I don’t think Lyonette will ever forget. Or anyone else. I’ve said this before. For Goblins. But today and every day afterwards—no Gnoll of the Plains will ever go away hungry if they come here or have to sleep on the ground. Or Antinium. They’ll always be friends. Hopefully, if there’s one thing we can keep, it’s that.”
It wasn’t much, but it was all they had left. Erin looked around and felt Krshia’s grief. She felt the contentment of some, Grimalkin’s conflict of duty and purpose. Chaldion’s bone-weary despair and fear.
Hidden emotions in some, words still left to say. Ceria was staring at Erin, and the [Innkeeper] felt something bubbling in her chest. It was something you could feel and maybe even forget, but Erin had learned many times that these moments mattered.
She jumped as a claw touched her side. Saliss poked Erin with one huge eye open.
“Free food and shelter? How about Drakes?”
“Pass.”
Erin swatted his claw down, and Numbtongue lifted a hand.
“Goblins?”
“I think the Goblins generally feed themselves.”
Erin stared pointedly at Ulvama, eating half a cake, and Numbtongue laughed. Her gaze roamed the gathering of people, and she heard little conversations. People she didn’t know, speaking.
 
——
 
Like that Cave Goblin, Rasktooth. He’d been merry enough, eating and drinking and chattering to the Worker, but he could not walk.
And unlike Erin, no [Healer] had told him he would again. He looked around and smiled hugely.
“Good night. Good day. If I die, I am happy.”
He looked at the Worker sitting next to him, and Infinitypear seemed shocked.
“Why will Rasktooth die?”
The Cave Goblin tapped his legs with an expression like it were obvious.
“Useless Goblins die. So I die.”
To his surprise, Infinitypear shook his head vehemently. The Worker picked up the Cave Goblin and put him on his shoulders.
“No. I am your legs.”
“Not always. Don’t be silly.”
Rasktooth poked him in the head. In response, Infinitypear poked him back.
“I will never put you down. You will not die. Not without me.”
It was such a stupid…it was such a thing to say that the Cave Goblin laughed. He raised a hand to punch the Antinium, but then patted him on his head. And all he said was this as he rubbed at his eyes.
“Brother, brother.”
Infinitypear smiled as he carried Rasktooth away from the fire. He agreed.
“Brother. And friend.”
 
——
 
