9.01
Page 15
It was all far, far too much for Erin to figure out. She turned back to Squad 5 and decided to do the only thing she could do.
“You’re super-welcome to my inn, everyone. Help yourself to anything on the menu and whatever you want to drink. I have people I need to talk to, but I’m gonna talk to you all. That’s a promise. I hope you enjoy The Wandering Inn!”
Squad 5 did cheer up at that, and they all nodded eagerly. They were reading the menu, which had its own Antinium-section for foods they could eat. Erin was almost breathing out when Crusader 57 spoke up again.
Crusader 57, the myth, the legend. It was safe to say most of the Free Antinium had heard of him already, although he hadn’t returned to the Hive more than twice since becoming a [Crusader]. However, word spread about the not-Aberration Worker with a foul mouth who’d told Klbkch to go perform intercourse on himself and was part of the famous Squad 5.
Not all of what was rumored about him was good. He was as famous as Silveran, but he occupied the negative space in public opinion, which made him a rarity. Only the horrible Furfur could compete, or Klbkch himself. He was rude, mean, and he hurt people’s feelings.
In this case, he didn’t even say anything that negative; he just spoke up where most Antinium were silent.
“So this is the inn that’s so special. Everyone talks about how wonderful it is. We’ll see.”
If ever there were a comment to make Erin sweat…she focused on Squad 5, who had hurled themselves into war for her, and turned.
“Um—I-Ishkr? Let’s start with some blue fruit juice and acid flies. For appetizers! Then they can order what they want.”
A bowl of acid flies for each [Crusader], and because Ishkr had been harvesting them for four months with few customers, he had enough for all the Antinium guests to fill their bowls and then some. Nevertheless, it was accompanied by blue fruit squeezed fresh into a glass, and Imani had arrived with Palt to reinforce the inn’s culinary staff. Lasica had already begun making backup dishes.
Erin watched Squad 5 eat with relish as they crunched down the big, black flies, which had the faintest taste of, yes, acid. It was not a sight for the faint-of-heart, and new guests to the inn, like Gire, seemed nauseous as they glimpsed a few innards gushing from cracked flies. The Antinium also experienced the joys of sugar as the blue fruit drinks were served.
This is good.
One of the Beriad signaled with the Antinium’s developing language. He was carefully, painstakingly weighing his options between a Cheesicore Omelette—an omelette filled with cheese, Corusdeer venison or other meat, and local veggies, or the Antinium-version of a Grainbite Trout, which meant instead of crumbs and spices stuffed inside, it was acid flies and spices.
It was possibly the hardest choice he would ever make in his life, and if Antinium could sweat, he would have. One of his comrades came to his aid in this dire hour to suggest he get the trout, which meant they could split the dish.
That was the kind of tactical thinking you got from being a [Soldier] in Calruz’s squad. It didn’t occur to the Beriad that they could order more than one dish apiece.
In a way, the Antinium lacked for some of the inn’s wonderfulness because they didn’t realize ordering a dish and having it appear literally less than five minutes later, steaming hot, was a luxury. However, they certainly appreciated actual food, seats and utensils designed for them, and the ambiance of the inn.
