9.01
Page 20
Yet the mouth was open, and if you looked down at him, what did you see?
An undead soul screaming to the heavens. That open mouth, howling in silence. Like the winds blowing across Zeikhal, agony frozen in a single expression even a corpse could convey.
Yet not a word, not a sound could be heard save for the winds. For even far, far from his capital, even with no chance of anyone overhearing—
A ruler did not scream. A king could wail and gnash his teeth. But they would not find him here, screaming to the skies. So the undead figure stood there as the sun burned across the sky. That voiceless howl went on and on.
Khelt had died.
That they were ghosts hadn’t mattered. Khelt had died, and the last person besides Erin Solstice who could mourn them stood there and knew how empty these lands were.
 
——
 
Teriarch watched Fetohep of Khelt as long as he was able. Which was not long. He closed the scrying spell and lay there in his cave.
No young Dragoness was present, nor the [Maid]. They had both returned to their homes—for now. Like Fetohep, like Erin Solstice, the Dragon knew he had deeds before him.
But first—he had a question. And it was this:
How did you mourn a people?
He did not know. And he had watched each species as if hoping to find a clue, but he hadn’t been able to find his answer. Fetohep of Khelt’s expression had been too close. For if he knew every great ruler and ghost of Khelt was gone…
Every Dragon had also gone as well. They had already been dead, but that was the thing. He had made his peace with each one.
He had not thought to see them and see them all perish at once. To know there would never be a reunion. Worse, worse…he had not expected to be given his charge.
Worst of all, Teriarch had not looked for the glory he saw. The Dragonlords fighting an impossible foe. Burning across the skies with pride and defiance.
“What am I supposed to do?”
He had no idea. The Brass Dragon knew every manner of burial and mourning. He had attended more funerals than any other being in existence that he knew of.
Dragons had mourned their kind in many different ways over the ages. At first, they had created memorials for the greatest of their kind—and watched the mortals tear them down or their edifices break and wear, even the most beautiful.
So then they had decided another thing, which was to take an item they loved out of their hoards—and Dragons were greedy and possessive, by and large—and gift it. To mortals who had known the Dragons, to others of their kind. That was the origin of Drake wills, if he remembered right. The gift mattered as a way of remembrance.
“…There are none left who remember half the Dragons who died, even the greatest. I would empty my hoard. To whom?”
He laughed at the idea and looked around blankly at things he only half-remembered acquiring. There was little here that…mattered. No. Some things greatly, but not that either.
“In the last ages of our kind, when a Dragon passed, we would reveal ourselves to the nearest mortals and speak to them of who had died. Impart a brief, fleeting memory for a single lifetime, no matter how short. Let their names be heard once more before silence.”
He toyed with the idea of that, appearing before one of the adventuring teams in the High Passes, or a [Shepherd], and telling them of the arrogance of Muzarre, the Dragonlord of Earth. Or perhaps the contradictory nature of the last Knight-Dragon, Yderigrisel, full of honor and bravado at times. Better than most Dragons for the causes he championed, and damned in Teriarch’s eyes for the victory he claimed at the end.
