9.01
Page 22
Erin blinked, but he rose and left the table without a word. Chaldion glared, and the two began arguing as he sat back down. He was right, though. Erin kept staring at the [Crusaders]. And Rasktooth. And Gothica.
She had no way to thank them, and she couldn’t tell the others about Khelta and…not with what it would do.
But she had to do…something, right?
Perhaps, though, everyone else felt it too, because Grimalkin was not the only person who decided to leave things for later. Pisces had abandoned what he was going to say when he saw the Antinium come in, and even Seborn and Klbkch had all known the score.
This was the hour of the Solstice Effect™ after all. What would come next? The [Innkeeper] seemed frustrated as she wheeled around in her chair, so, after a moment’s hesitation, someone stood up and sidled over.
“Psst. Erin. Do you need…this?”
The young woman glanced around and saw…Kevin. He had something he was shielding with his back. It was…his laptop.
“Huh? Kevin? What for?”
The [Mechanic] gave her a huge wink. He had a program open on the computer.
“I’ve got a bunch of songs loaded up. Not all your style, but maybe take a look and find something you want? Or the movies! I bet Palt could put one up on the big screen.”
“For what?”
The young man scratched at his head as Mrsha sat up in her chair, interested.
“For…something? Party? Movie-night? I’m just saying—give the word.”
“The word. For the laptop. Okay.”
Erin’s brows scrunched together. She saw what Kevin was getting at. He was expecting something. So was Ishkr.
He had already, with the help of his sister, Liska, begun pulling up kegs from the basement and was counting mugs. He had a wand to start little flames, a bunch of coins for spare change, and some Faerie Flowers, pre-dried, lying in his work kit.
Erin stared at Ishkr, then at Lyonette as she came over.
“Erin, I’d like a heads-up whenever anything begins.”
“When what begins, Lyonette? I’m not—”
The [Princess] held up an overly patient hand and gave Erin a smile as Ser Sest stood behind her.
“I’m sure you’re not. But when—if it begins, I’d just like to know what it’s going to be. Let me handle pricing, and I think we can agree that maybe it should be outside? Or at least Mrsha and the Goblins and Antinium should be separated from the huge crowds. For safety.”
“Absolutely. But what am I doing?”
Lyonette du Marquin gave Erin a long look.
“You tell me.”
The inn was so ready you could feel it. Mrsha was writing down a brief explanation to Gire about what was going on, and even Seborn was drinking very lightly so he didn’t miss anything happening next. Relc rubbed his claws together as Klbkch returned—with Embria in tow.
“Did I miss anything, Relc?”
“Nah, just those Antinium coming through. And Noass getting electrified.”
“Pity.”
Embria nodded. She glanced at Squad 5, then sat down.
“Dad.”
“Hey, kid! Did you see Vok or any of the Gnolls from Cellidel in the crowd? They might not be able to come up. Maybe I’ll get them—oh! Oh, wait, she’s moving!”
Everyone stared at Erin as she slowly wheeled across the inn. She glanced around, and they pretended not to be watching. Erin scratched at her arm.
“I’m going to the bathroom, okay?”
They watched her leave the inn, and Jelaqua immediately put money down against Saliss on whether or not Erin was actually going to the bathroom.
 
——
 
Erin went to the bathroom, but she mainly did it to think. This was her fault. She’d done this too many times. She’d even told them there was a party at the inn! And she could see where Kevin was coming from.
