9.01
Page 40
That was the point. And if that were the point, then the rulers of Khelt had done just that. It was not the bright bloody glory of battle, but the legacy that led countless statues and tributes to bear their names. It was the richness of culture and children who feared no monsters nor the darkness of night.
But still, even though Fetohep knew it, he grieved. He feared the coming days and years as he had feared no foe.
When he returned to his palace, he found his servants in a mild panic.
“Your Majesty! We know you were not to be disturbed, but—”
“Be at peace. What is the issue?”
Fetohep felt the aegis of duty fall back upon his shoulders and was almost glad of it. To work, then. Who would be first?
“The Quarass of Germina requests your presence along the border of Khelt and Ger, sire.”
“The Quarass?”
That was interesting. She had scarce returned as well, but she would naturally want explanations. Fetohep had been sparse with explanations, but if anyone deserved answers, it was surely her.
“I shall grace her with my presence. Need she transport to Khelt?”
The servant hesitated, for here was the tricky part.
“The Quarass of Ger, with all due deference, has humbly requested Your Majesty visit her location. She has endeavored to make it as close as possible.”
It was only a four hour ride to the edge of Germina with the right Skills and undead horses. Fetohep sighed.
“Prepare me a horse.”
“And an escort?”
Fetohep hesitated. The odds were remote the Quarass would try to assassinate him, and—
“…No. I shall go alone.”
Thusly, he spent the next four hours riding across Khelt, wondering what the Quarass wanted. It took closer to five hours as he did slow to reassure his people he was not embarking on another world-ending tour, and because many towns emptied themselves to cheer his passing.
There were things for Fetohep to do whilst riding, like rebury some of the undead and send out [Messages] telling various officials to report to him in person in the coming weeks. He also received a notice that Erin Solstice was apparently eating corn while sitting outside of her inn.
“Aptly like her.”
By the time he reached the location the Quarass was to meet him in, Fetohep was curious. She was a savvy diplomat, the world’s finest, if cruel, mind. Some Quarasses had an excess of pride or their current form influenced their genius, but this one seemed cunning and relatively honorable.
Fetohep didn’t really consider murdering an Archmage and infiltrating Wistram that dishonorable. He knew the Quarass had killed Archmage Nailihuaile; she had the Serkonian Lance after all, and only she would have been that capable, or Gazi or Amerys.
The Quarasses had done far, far worse in the name of protecting Ger. That this one kept her word was fairly good. But he was curious, then, why she summoned him. He was infamously touchy about protocol most times, and why this location?
It turned out to be a somewhat salutary building on the border of Ger, one of those waystations by the looks of it—albeit surrounded by what was probably the Quarass’ escort. Too many horses for the stables and a decent contingent of travellers besides.
Some of them were people seeking entry to Khelt. Fetohep remembered many in times of war near Khelt, but he was surprised by how many looked up and pointed at him and screamed, sometimes in awe.
