9.01
Page 7
“Relc! I was told Peslas, a Level 30+ [Innkeeper], can only post Rare Quests. I know there are Heroic Quests and Mythical only because a Level 55 [Innkeeper] confirmed they could post them! And they’re a former Named Adventurer! Now think what Legendary means.”
“Oh. Ohhh. Ancestors! Erin can—and she just—”
Relc threw up his claws, and Erin heard more laughter. Not from Seborn; he was grabbing Jelaqua in shock as Yvlon stirred. Erin looked around, and Bird and Numbtongue were laughing now, leaning on each other.
“See? She is as silly as she was before. Erin is better now. This is very good. I am happy. And I am Bird, and I know silly.”
Bird clacked his mandibles as Numbtongue grinned at Erin. Flushed a bit, she waved back and did a little bow in her wheelchair. Klbkch glanced at Bird, then turned to Selys.
“A Level 55 [Innkeeper] is capable of posting Mythical Quests? Intriguing; I have heard one on Baleros cannot post Mythical quests, and they are also above Level 50.”
“That is interesting. So maybe there’s other requirements. Which means…”
Both turned to Erin, and the young woman lifted her hands.
“Listen. I know you have questions. All I can say is—Mrsha, don’t eat Gire!”
Everyone whirled except for Seborn and Klbkch. Erin Solstice wheeled rapidly towards the Garden of Sanctuary.
“Gotcha, suckers! I’m back! Chaos! Classic me! You’ll never get answers, only confusion!”
She was enjoying herself, and yes, playing it up a bit. However, she’d miscalculated how hard it was to make a getaway on wheels. Erin saw Klbkch walk forwards to grab her wheelchair as she gunned it for the door.
The open Garden of Sanctuary was filled with green, sunlight—and the shouting from outside, echoing distantly through the hole in the roof. Erin raced towards it, shouting with glee.
Then she slammed into the shins of the female Hobgoblin wandering out the door. Ulvama screamed. Erin screamed.
Ulvama screamed louder, holding her legs as Erin jerked to a stop. She rolled around as Erin stared down at the—
“Who the heck is—”
“Ulvama? You okay?”
Numbtongue stopped laughing long enough to check on the cursing [Shaman]. Ulvama glared up and saw the [Innkeeper] staring down at her.
“What? You—look where you’re going! Stupid!”
She got up, kicked Erin’s wheelchair, which provoked a gasp of outrage, and hobbled over to a chair to cradle at her shins. Erin stared, mouth open wide as she looked at the female Hobgoblin.
She was pretty sure she had never met Ulvama in her life. Heck, Erin couldn’t even remember many female Hobgoblins that she’d talked to aside from the brief time the Redfang tribe had come to her inn!
“Who is—who is this? Numbtongue? A friend of yours?”
Numbtongue turned, and a dumbfounded expression crossed his face. Then he recalled with everyone else.
“Ulvama? You’d never have met…oh.”
Lyonette gasped. She herself only had a passing acquaintance with Ulvama, having left to go to Oteslia, but she had at least known Ulvama existed. But Erin?
“When did we get another Goblin? And why haven’t I seen her in the last ten days?”
Erin demanded, bewildered. Ulvama just snorted as she eyed Erin up and down. She winced, rubbed at her shins, and produced a healing potion and applied it liberally. Then she poked Numbtongue, who was searching for words.
“This icy girl? Looks better than corpse. What happen? Everyone started shouting. Ruined my nap.”
She pointed to the Garden of Sanctuary. Which she could apparently enter and leave at will. Erin waggled her hands at Numbtongue, demanding an answer. He tried to start from the beginning.
