9.01
Page 37
By now, it was just embarrassing for whomever was left. Numbtongue stopped tuning his guitar as a sly claw poked him. Gothica jerked one claw towards the door, and the Hob narrowed his eyes as she whispered to him.
“Lots of shadows where? Hrm.”
He reached over, poked Ulvama, and the poking went round to Rasktooth and then Bird. All of them filed out of the inn, and at last, Lyonette looked around, bewildered.
“Where’s everyone going?”
Saliss of Lights had been napping in a chair. He sprang up, looked around, and groaned.
“Oh no—no—I’ve been Xifed! No!”
He dashed out of the inn, and Lyonette followed with the remainder of the guests. They charged out of the front door, just in time to see Numbtongue disappear around the side of the inn. The crowd outside was mostly gone, and all the sound and noise was coming from—
“Saliss is one of the last ones? Who bet on that?”
Laughter and voices and the smell of frying food greeted the guests, and Saliss threw up his claws.
“I was asleep! You—you—”
He pointed a finger at Erin as Lyonette put her hands on her hips. The [Innkeeper] just waved a piece of corn on a stick at Saliss.
“Hey, Saliss, grab one of Kevin’s disgusting pieces of corn. It’s really tasty!”
“Erin, this is your big plan?”
Lyonette demanded, flushing at the merry laughter coming her way. Erin’s smile didn’t dance or sparkle or twinkle like usual. She just leaned back in her chair and shook her head.
“Nope. We’re just sitting here. No party, no host of guests, and no money, sorry. But we could use some ice cubes and maybe some more firewood.”
Lyonette began to puff up like an exploding mushroom, but then she saw what was going on and deflated. Without a word, she flopped into the grass, provoking a scandalized look from Dame Ushar, but Mrsha hopped in her lap, and then?
And then the conversations continued. They were far, far richer than the loud chaos. Because although there were private subtopics and whispers and, yes, some confusion when someone raised their voice or someone accidentally put their tail into the fire, they could hear each other speak.
This is what they said:
 
——
 
“So Erin…what was it like, being dead? You talked to…ghosts?”
The question at the top of everyone’s mind fell out as Ceria tried her hand at cooking something on the fire. She watched the pieces of popcorn she’d attached to a metal poker slowly ignite one by one. Pisces rolled his eyes as he tried to toast a banana, and Yvlon gave both [Mages] the look of someone regretting being associated with them.
“Yes.”
Erin was sipping from a beer. She made a face and handed it off to her left.
“Too bitter.”
“You have bad taste.”
Numbtongue grumbled as he took it and sipped appreciatively. He took Ishkr’s tray and passed it to Octavia and Garia. Salkis wasn’t here, nor were a number of other people who could have claimed a seat.
No Gna, for instance, or Zevara, Olesm, Krshia and the Gnolls…or Moore. Erin was counting the people she knew and were absent, but there was still a crowd of crowds.
Everyone was looking at her. The sun was coming down in the sky, but it was still plenty bright, and the crowd outside the inn had realized there would be no party.
So they’d decided to copy Erin and make their own fires. Erin stared at the way the flames played across the embers, that hypnotizing dance you could stare at forever.
The world of the dead had nothing so beautiful or real. It had no heat, and it was made of memories. Even the most glorious ones tarnished and grew old.
“Yes, I saw them. I talked to some.”
“What happened?”
