9.01
Page 38
The [Innkeeper] saw Mrsha was leaning back against Lyonette, who had her arms folded around the Gnoll. A Thronebearer, Dalimont, was watching Bird aim a bow at a distant sparrow with distinct wariness. The Antinium were all gathering around a second fire being built, clearly relishing the challenge of starting it without magical help.
“Blow, blow! You don’t have enough kindling! Double it!”
Relc was hopping from one foot to another as a tiny ember tried to ignite kindling. The sight of a bunch of Antinium trying to blow on the fire was very funny, but they eventually got a spark to catch and began shaking each other’s hands instantly.
Then they turned back to Erin as she went on.
“It was a war.”
Gireulashia stopped greedily pretending to ‘toast’ a slice of cake she and Mrsha were going to ‘share’. She looked up, and Chaldion stared at Erin. Everyone did.
“A war? What kind of war?”
The [Innkeeper] gazed into the fire with that half-smile no one had ever really seen on her face. A complete mystery raised her eyes and regarded everyone.
“…It doesn’t matter. I don’t remember all of it. All I can say is that it was a big war. A terrible one. Just like every one.”
She looked to her right, and Relc nodded. So did Chaldion, Grimalkin, the [Crusaders]…too many people knew exactly what Erin meant. Garia raised one hand, tentatively licking her lips.
“Did we win? No—who was we? Were there sides?”
“Just one. Everyone was on one side and…I don’t know.”
“That’s how you know it was a war.”
Saliss commented, eyes darting to Erin’s face. He saw a trio of pokers tied together move past him, holding a single piece of corn on one end. The entire contraption threatened to break at any moment as the pokers were joined by a piece of twine, but it was the only way for a sulking Fierre and Gothica to roast anything from their seats in the shadows of the inn’s roof.
They believed her. That was the amazing thing to Erin. But the living had seen too much to deny it. And yet, they hung on her every word because she had been there. What did they imagine?
Seamwalkers? They would have been right, that was the thing, but then Pawn raised one trembling hand.
“Erin. Then you were amidst ghosts. Tell me. Were they there? Did you see—Heaven?”
The [Innkeeper] looked up and met the [Priest]’s eyes. He was aglow with faith, but some of the Antinium seemed terrified of the answer. Yellow Splatters clenched his fists as the [Innkeeper] gazed at Pawn, and the [Priest]’s ardor faded.
“No, Pawn. I never saw a single Antinium. Or Goblin.”
She glanced at Ulvama, and the Hob didn’t seem surprised. Numbtongue stopped chewing on his corn, but Ulvama just laughed.
“Dead lands don’t let Goblins in either. Same, same.”
Klbkch said nothing, but Relc nudged him and offered him one of the sausage links. The Antinium gazed at it and took it without a word as Embria glanced at her father and his partner. Perhaps only she saw the way Klbkch’s fingers trembled.
“I—I see. They weren’t there?”
Pawn’s voice shook a bit, but Erin’s distant look returned to normal in a second. She turned as an entire people’s faith wavered suddenly in a cold breeze. The dying fire grew as Grimalkin inserted another log of split wood into it, and she smiled.
“No, that’s a good thing, Pawn.”
“Why, Erin?”
The young woman watched him.
“—Because wherever I was, whatever it was supposed to be or had been—it wasn’t heaven.”
The [Priest]’s mandibles opened slightly, and his antennae went still. The Antinium gazed at him, and Pawn spoke one word.
“Oh.”
