9.01
Page 27
Ishkr looked up, and Erin smiled. Then her stomach growled, and she poked it.
“You traitor. I was just having a good time! Wait, I never had lunch, and it’s…”
She stared out, and it was definitely getting into the first hours of evening. The sun was still warm, but Ishkr rose. Instead of asking if she wanted to go inside, he gestured at a door at the back of the inn.
“Could I get you anything?”
“Um…I need our menus. I’m not in the mood for fries, y’know? Can you get…”
Erin didn’t really want a snacky food like onion rings, and something more filling like a full steak was also not really a ‘sit outside’ meal.
“I can check for anything?”
“Yeah, yeah. Just a fruit or vegetable thing. Maybe some bread?”
Ishkr vanished, and Erin sat there a moment, kicking her legs. Because of the bubble of silence, she felt the wind blowing on her, the sun warming her chair, but she didn’t hear anything until someone walked through the magical barrier and spoke.
“—rin! Whoa, was that a spell? What’s going on? Everyone’s wondering if you have stomach problems or if you’re getting something really big ready. They’re sort of antsy.”
Kevin came through the bubble of silence, and Erin jumped.
“Kevin?”
A few people had gone to check on Erin, but it was Kevin who’d peeked around the back of the inn first. He focused on the drink and how relaxed Erin was and hesitated.
“I, uh, got the laptop ready. Mrsha wants to show Gire a movie.”
“She hasn’t already?”
“No, I think they were all too busy. Do I boot it up or do you have plans for something else?”
He waited, and Erin considered the question. She took another sip from her drink.
“…I’m not doing a party. I don’t want to, Kevin.”
“Oh.”
Well, what did that mean? Kevin hesitated and then saw a door open. Ishkr had returned with a basket of different foods and a harried look.
“They’re asking where you are, Erin. Should I…? Oh. Mister Kevin.”
“Hey, Ishkr. I was just telling Kevin the party’s off. I guess we should let them know. Kevin, did you know Ishkr can do an instant order?”
“Cool.”
Kevin gave Ishkr a vague thumbs-up, and the Gnoll nodded. They both stood there for a second, then Ishkr sat down, so Kevin copied him.
Okay, so today was going to be one of those sad days. Get the tissues and keep Joseph out of the drinks. That was Kevin’s other take on the day’s progress—until he saw Erin’s face.
She didn’t seem depressed or blank. She just seemed tired, but she perked up as she investigated Ishkr’s haul.
“What is this stuff, Ishkr?”
“Lasica and Imani were interrogating me in their kitchen. I apologize—”
Ishkr had a mismatch of bread, fruits, and what he’d thought was a baguette. It turned out he’d grabbed a block of wood for the ovens in his haste. Erin tapped it against the wall of her inn, amused.
“Unless one of the Fortress Beavers gets here, I don’t think anyone’s eating this. What else is there? Tomatoes, ooh, corn! Is that a squash? Where did we get all this?”
“Oteslia sent a huge basket for Miss Lyonette.”
“Aha. Say, where are the beavers? Are they…?”
Erin’s face fell, and Kevin broke in, hurrying to reassure her.
“They’re at Selys’, Erin. I think they’re sort of her guard…beavers.”
“What?”
Erin turned from Ishkr to Kevin as if they were pulling her leg, but both nodded.
“Some thief broke in, and apparently they broke his legs and sat on him. Selys decided to build them a pool and everything.”
“Beavers. They are big…but beavers? Guard-beavers? I mean, okay. Kevin, what would you eat? A raw tomato?”
