9.01
Page 28
She waved it at him vaguely. It was at this point Kevin realized that Erin didn’t want to go back into her inn. He didn’t exactly blame her. Cross-legged, Kevin vaguely inspected a squash.
“I bet you’d have to cut that up and…roast it.”
“I have my super-knife, but I don’t do well with cutting boards, and I’m not slicing off my hands. Corn?”
“Corn’s edible raw.”
And it was still fresh from whenever it had been brought into the inn thanks to the power of the inn’s [Field of Preservation]. Erin knew you could eat corn raw, but she gave Kevin a disturbed look.
“You want me to eat cold corn? Not hot? You boil corn, Kevin. Then you put salt and butter on it…Ishkr, you might have to fight past Lasica and Imani again.”
He groaned, but Kevin protested mildly.
“That’s not the old kind of corn, Erin. You can also grill it.”
“Grilled corn? I’ve sort of heard of that…but what kind of monster grills corn?”
Erin turned to Ishkr, then caught the most offended look she’d ever seen coming from Kevin, no less.
“You’ve never had grilled corn?”
“Nope. Boiled is how you eat corn. What, do you just stick it in a fire or on a grill?”
“Yep. You can do more like add parmesan cheese or other toppings, but…”
Erin made a gagging sound, and Kevin twitched. He was deeply offended, especially as someone who had been a connoisseur of street-vendor grilled corn, which came in many delightful flavors.
“Get me a fire and I’ll make you one right now. I’ll do it in the fireplace!”
“Pssh. Who needs a fireplace? I’m Erin, the crazy Human with fire, remember? Watch this!”
Erin put out her hand and frowned at it. Then she looked up.
“Hey Ishkr, say something annoying. I think I need hot fire, so I need irritation.”
“Lyonette wants to go over the inn’s finances again?”
“Ooh, good shot! No, it’s not working.”
The idea of grilling corn with magical irritation-fire seemed like a recipe for disaster to Kevin. Exasperated, he stood up.
“I’ll just get a coal from the fireplace. Give me one minute—”
“There you are.”
A shadow crossed the world. Everyone fell into darkness, and Erin peered up at the tower of muscle that was Grimalkin. He had found them, and Erin sighed gustily.
“Look who’s here. The fun police got us, Ishkr, Kevin. We’re going away for a long time. I guess everyone wants us back?”
The Drake crossed his arms.
“Strategist Chaldion is wondering. I simply want to investigate. What are you doing?”
“We were making a fire. A regular one, but if you want to go back to talking about Pallass…”
Erin pulled a face. Grimalkin looked at her and then pointed at the block of wood she’d tossed down. It burst into flames, and Kevin blinked as the Sinew Magus sat down in one movement.
“…That was part of my job as Magus of Pallass. I didn’t expect you to reply. Nor will Chaldion push today. But you know they will not let up. This isn’t even knowing information about the Antinium, Erin. You have been marked a person of interest by all the Walled Cities.”
Erin eyed Grimalkin. That was unusually…no, he was always honest, but there was a difference to how he sat and stared at the block of burning wood. Ishkr uneasily eyed the grass, but Kevin grabbed the husk of corn. Erin and Grimalkin stared at it as he searched around for something to attach it to.
“There’s not much of a fire here. Just a block of wood. I need…kindling. Dried wood.”
“There is firewood around back. Let me get some.”
Ishkr trotted off and came back with a pair of logs. Grimalkin saw Kevin try to place the burning block of wood in between the other two in some logical way to create embers. The art of building a proper fire…
