9.01
Page 11
Squad 5 of Battalion 1 marched past the Pallassian [Soldiers], much to the chagrin of Drakes and even the other Antinium. Crusader 57, a known quantity within his Hive, the Aberration, the Worker, the rude Antinium, didn’t leave it there either.
As the outraged Drakes watched, he kept one hand on the zweihander to keep it balanced on his shoulder. He devoted the other three hands to giving them middle fingers as he turned and passed.
“…Is that—a new type of Antinium?”
One of the [Soldiers] whispered as they watched Crusader 57 stomp up the hill. The soldiers watched as Pawn hurried after them and they entered the inn. Then they saw more hopefuls trying to enter.
“Ah, if the Antinium are entering—one side! Wistram News Network is on the—hey!”
Noass tried to push forwards as Drassi was finally admitted past the Thronebearers, without any scrying devices. The [Soldiers] blocked him, and the Drake frowned. He looked at Sir Relz, and the other [Commentator] gave him an encouraging nod. Noass squared his shoulders, kicked the [Lieutenant] in the shins, and raised a middle finger.
“Move, fool—”
 
——
 
“Did anyone hear that?”
Erin Solstice’s second person in line was Seborn. He actually got up to look through a window and started laughing again.
“What’s going on?”
The young woman craned her neck as everyone went to a window. Grimalkin just shook his head; Ulvama began cackling, and Numbtongue guffawed. The two Hobgoblins doubled over as Seborn relayed what was going on.
“The Drake, Noass, is getting shock spelled. This is what I came here for.”
He went back and sat down, and Erin eyed that smile.
“You seem different, Seborn. Did you fall in love or something?”
The Drowned Man took a huge gulp of water.
“Not me, or I’d be carving poems into a clamshell or something inane like Jelaqua.”
“Hey!”
He looked at Erin and calmed down a bit, but the smile still lingered. One eye in Seborn’s face glowed slightly, and half his body was a lobster, but it was amazing how…well, how normal that was. How much Erin had missed it.
“I’m just tired. Like I said. Tired of not having this. It’s good you’re back.”
“I—thank you.”
The Drowned Man nodded as Erin searched for something to say to that. He looked at her.
“So, you know where a bunch of treasure is. Stories of ghosts. Got any sunken treasure chests for me to dig up? I could give you half.”
“Um. No…no, I wouldn’t know anything about that. Plus, they probably moved with the currents.”
The Drowned [Rogue]’s smile grew wider. Grimalkin made a footnote in his journal, and Selys sat up slightly.
“Sure.”
Erin was sweating slightly as she floundered.
“I’m, uh, it’s a lot, and I have to think—”
“I get it. I’m not an idiot like that lot. I’d rather open oysters with my bare fingers than try to get something out of you right now.”
Jerking a thumb at the people in line, Seborn sat back. The smile still played around his lips, but he looked at Erin.
“Just promise me one thing.”
“What?”
Seborn glanced towards the door.
“…When you get a chance, talk to Moore? He needs it, I think. The rest can wait. The tide’s flowing backwards and it’s all sweetwater and that’s fine. But give him a day.”
“Of course.”
And with that, the Drowned Man got up and nodded to Erin.
“Good to have you back. If there is any buried treasure or something to do with the sea, you owe me a chance.”
“Sure. Good to see you, Seborn! I, um—next?”
Erin had the briefest moment of hesitation there. She didn’t have anything for Seborn specifically, but she wondered if he were up-to-date on how to catch invisible squid.
