9.01
Page 16
There was the sky herself, and even if she didn’t create a manifestation of Heaven just by being near them, some people were climbing onto the stage, the Hobgoblin was tuning his guitar, and the inn felt…cosy. Even if Klbkch had returned, the inn was inviting to them like no place they had ever been, except the Painted Antinium’s barracks. And there was the little fluffy white Gnoll they’d heard about!
Like [Tourists], they looked from thing to thing they’d heard about in the stories. The [Innkeeper] looked relieved that they were pleased, and even Crusader 57 could readily admit that the food was good and the inn was nice.
But that was just it. He leaned forwards as Erin wheeled over to the table.
“How’s that, guys? Squad 5? Enjoying yourselves?”
All of Squad 5 tried to cover Crusader 57’s mouth, but he just bit at their fingers.
“The food is good. It’s a nice inn. Not worth dying for. You’re okay too.”
Pawn and Belgrade froze at their table and stared at Crusader 57’s back. Bird calmly tossed a Garry-gluten roll at Crusader 57’s head. It bounced off his helmet, and Erin shook her fist.
“Bird! I’m…I’m sorry. I didn’t know you were fighting. I would have said…”
Crusader 57 stared at Erin blankly.
“It’s not your fault. We were going to die in the Hive anyways. Fighting Hectval is better. And easier, even with Manus. It’s just not worth it for the inn.”
He glanced around defiantly as the other Antinium glared at him. Crusader 57 was rapidly plummeting to the depths only Klbkch, Furfur, and Ksmvr had ever enjoyed in the Antinium popularity poll.
But the thing was…Erin studied him. She could recognize an Aberration’s voice, and he didn’t have that shaking dissonance in his words. But he was still a very angry Worker. And he wasn’t wrong. Slowly, Crusader 57 got up.
“They talk about the statues too. Can we see them? That would be good.”
The statues. Pawn, Numbtongue…everyone looked up. Erin instantly nodded, but then she had another thought. Her face fell.
“Oh no. I mean—yes, obviously. But—”
But when they went up that hill, into the mists where the statues waited for all those who knew them, Squad 5 halted. For they saw nothing but a bench and the statues of other people. Antinium, Goblins, Humans, Drakes, Gnolls, yes. People who mattered.
Yet Crusader 51 was not there. Yet none of the others were there because Erin Solstice didn’t know them. She had never met them and never would. Crusader 57 nodded slowly.
“Yep. I knew it was just okay.”
He turned, and Erin flinched slightly, but the Worker walked calmly past her and went back to eat more food. Because he hadn’t expected anything. That was worse. It sank into Erin as she looked at Squad 5, at the Beriad, who watched as Pawn, Belgrade, and Bird stood in their circle.
They were dead, and she hadn’t known them. But then Erin gazed around her [Garden of Sanctuary] and realized…there was no Califor. No Khelta.
It sank over her again, just like all the other times. Then Erin looked up and wondered where Krshia was. Surely she’d be here, or the Silverfangs.
The answer was that they might, but probably not today. After all—the tribes were still in mourning.
 
——
 
They were still burning the dead in the Great Plains, but it was also true that a species was in mourning. Not just the Gnolls, of course; there were reasons to mourn across the world.
The city of Paeth had appeared in Talenqual, but so many Fraerlings had died they had to weigh that with the sheer need to protect their vulnerable city.
