9.01
Page 23
It wasn’t hard. Wave your hands around twice, boot up Shrek, and you had the makings of something already. Or you did something like, uh…getting a stick, a few flat rocks, and having Ceria freeze over the baseball field and invent hockey.
“Actually, what about Hedault? I haven’t seen him in a while, but I bet he still likes skateboarding. And Kevin has got to have, like, eight skateboards. Could Ceria or Grimalkin and Moore make, like, a skate park? Can you skateboard on ice?”
Erin could just imagine Gireulashia doing some kind of ridiculous backwards wavefront triple-axel spin-kick somersault on a skateboard. Yep, and then you’d have a competition and—
“Oh! Skateboarding? That means—I, um, uh—”
Erin nearly jumped out of the outhouse as a loud voice in the stall next to hers rang out. Someone quickly burst out the door and fled. Erin shouted back.
“I know that was you, Drassi!”
Everyone wanted a party, and if Erin didn’t act fast, it was going to start without her. In fact, she thought it made sense. After all that had happened, a Wandering Inn classic was just what you needed for a palette cleanser, right? It wouldn’t solve the world’s ills, but—that was something she could eminently do, and so she owed it to people.
Right?
Just do it. Wait, wait…do I invent a shoe company? Nah. But give them what they want, right? Skateboarding…movie…quest? Do those things work together? 
The thing was, Erin didn’t think it was the right thing to do. It was the easy thing to do, and it had worked every single time before, more or less. Maybe a party would make Crusader 57 say this inn had something cool. But Erin thought she’d let him down.
Back when the Antinium had nothing, a plate of spaghetti meant the world to them. These days, Crusader 57 got camp food, and that was sometimes better than what Erin could cook. She had been very useful to Goblins and Antinium at the start with very little, but that was because they had had nothing at all.
These days, if she offered Bird a fried egg, he’d ask her to put salt on it first and would it kill her to add some ketchup in the form of a bird on top? Erin was afraid that if she did her party, it would be what they wanted, and it wouldn’t be worth it at all.
I had no time to really talk to Klbkch. He has something he wants to talk to me about. And so does Seborn. Moore? Even Grimalkin the Pushy, Grimalkin, left me alone.
Because…they knew they weren’t going to get anything out of Erin today. She just caused a scene, vamoosed, and then she’d do something cool and they’d hear what mattered in five days. Even Tekshia and Zevara had let her go.
And Erin couldn’t tell them about the ghosts. At least not the way she wanted. The Gnolls were dead.
So Erin pushed open the door to the outhouse and spent five minutes getting into her wheelchair. And she knew that it wasn’t the same as she slowly began to wheel back to the inn.
However, the people gathered below the inn all pointed to her, and someone actually shouted up.
“Hey! When is it starting? Do something already! I have the night shift in five hours!”
Erin sighed louder. She wheeled back to the inn, glumly thinking about just posting a Legendary Quest. Then at least she’d buy time rebuilding the inn.
She had her hand on the door and was thinking how to start it off. She wanted to answer their needs, she really did. Then, later, maybe she’d find a way to securely talk to Fetohep. And say…sorry. And talk to Krshia, though that wasn’t her fault. And ask Crusader 57 to tell her everything.
Erin realized she was still pressing on the door and stared at it.
