9.01
Page 25
That said nothing, and both of them knew it. Erin laughed.
“Why did you work here? To begin with?”
Ishkr pondered the question and shifted, embarrassed.
“Honestly, Erin? Krshia told me to. She wanted someone to let her know what was going on now and then and make sure you had good help.”
“That Krshia! Well—why did you stay?”
Ishkr smiled.
“Because it was interesting. Besides which, there are worse jobs for a [Server]. You do not shout at me, even when I make mistakes, and you do pay better than some places. The plays helped, and I liked it here.”
“Wow. But you survived, like, Creler attacks and Raskghar. And the moths. And you kept the inn running when I was dead, and I guess you survived this Stitch Witch? And…are we paying you enough?”
Erin was counting on her fingers, and she turned to Ishkr. He politely folded his hands in his apron and saw the people pointing up at him and Erin. It was a bit disconcerting, so he focused on the [Innkeeper].
“You could pay me more.”
She grinned.
“Let’s do that. How—how was it when I was, y’know, dead?”
Ishkr didn’t know why she was asking all this, but he could only answer honestly.
“Quiet. Very quiet. Aside from the beginning when the [Witch] came and the Titan was in the inn…it was quiet. Nothing happened some days. The others could tell you about the, ah, exciting moments.”
“No, go on. Tell me what happened when things weren’t blowing up.”
He shrugged awkwardly. This was the longest they’d talked that he could remember. She’d ask him how his day was, but always in a busy inn. This?
“I—would sweep up, make sure there was food for the guests, and then I’d have days when no one came in. Sometimes I’d poke my head into the garden to make sure everything was the same, but it was quiet. I…just read books.”
“Really?”
“A few. But I think I just took naps or sat there. Thinking. I just kept the inn from getting dusty. It was hardly as heroic as anything anyone else did.”
Erin nodded.
“But someone had to. I appreciate it. I really do. And your sister’s working here now, so I guess this really is sort of like home, right? Your parents…”
She coughed, and Ishkr made a face.
“My sister is, ah, a good worker. Sometimes. She gets into trouble with the Watch, but they’re reasonable about it. Most of the time.”
“Really? Why?”
“She picks fights with them. Her and her…nevermind. It is complicated. And my parents haven’t been able to talk to her. So she comes to me with her problems.”
“That’s a problem. What’s—”
Erin coughed again, and there was a wheeze in her voice. Ishkr saw her face go red, and he stood up.
“Do you need a drink?”
Erin nodded. She saw Ishkr half-rise, then a smile crossed his face. He looked at her.
“Do you have an order?”
Her throat was super-dry, or there was pollen or something. Erin wheezed.
“Anything. Just a drink—”
She coughed, and when she raised her head, Ishkr had a clear cup of deep violet juice. Erin blinked, but took the cup and tasted sour juice. Yet with a dash of sweet; even so, she puckered her lips and took a gulp and felt the urge to cough vanish.
“Waitasecond. Is this the watermelon juice from Wailant’s spitting watermelons?”
“Yes, Miss Solstice.”
“How’d you—do you just have watermelon juice in a bag of holding?”
Erin looked, but Ishkr didn’t even have a bag of holding. He smiled, pleased with himself.
“[Menu: Instantaneous Order]. I believe I gained it after the Titan visited the inn.”
“That’s so cool! Thanks, Ishkr!”
