9.02
Page 40
Partly because there was an Antinium aiming a bow at him. And at least two Hobs glaring at him out the window. The Minotaur ignored the [Knights], but the [Strategists] got the same message the spies did.
Back off.
However, they had—orders. And an overwhelming desire to meet her. Wil hesitated. The [Innkeeper] was talking with the Gold-rank adventurer and waving them over.
“Does this mean we don’t get shot if we walk over? I think we do—Peki, stop that.”
She was embarrassing her friends. The [Martial Artists] kept flying through the air, rotating left, dipping down, and Merrik was hissing at her to behave.
“We’re all nervous, Peki, but this is not helping! Remember your diplomacy class!”
She’d nearly failed that. However, the Garuda wasn’t doing it on purpose. She squawked back.
“I can’t…dodge…it.”
Venaz looked at Wil and then focused on the Antinium in the tower. Peki looked uncomfortable. Merrik squinted up at the figure.
“He’s got a bead on you? He can see you.”
“He’ll hit me. There.”
Peki landed in the only safe spot she could find. Behind Venaz. Then she began fidgeting again.
“Here, too? I’ll catch the arrow. Let’s go.”
It was already off to a bad start. No, this plan of engagement was fundamentally flawed to begin with. Wil hadn’t understood his lessons on why sometimes even great [Strategists] and [Generals] lost wars. He knew sometimes you got bad orders, but he’d always argued that, no, when it came down to the wire, he’d stand up and say ‘absolutely not’.
And yet here he was. Walking into a bloodbath. And he wasn’t even the [Marked Target]. They’d gone five rounds of Lizcards, and Venaz had lost.
“Merrik, break my legs. I can’t do it.”
The Minotaur whispered to the other three as they marched forwards to the half-Elf and [Innkeeper]. The Dwarf retorted.
“Not on your life. Just get it over with.”
There she was, the young woman who employed a [Princess]. Or were they working together? The girl who came back from the dead and who had been possessed by the ghost of the greatest [General] of the Drakes in a hundred years.
Erin Solstice. And oh, if only Wil could have come at any other time. But she was smiling warily as they approached.
“Hello! You’re the, um, [Strategist]-students, aren’t you? The ones with the shiny swords?”
That was one way to put it. The four stopped as Ceria raised a hand. She glanced at Venaz’s greatsword and Wil’s shortsword. Most people did, but there wasn’t the starstruck effect that sometimes came over people.
That was to be expected. The young woman stared at Venaz the most, then Merrik. The [Strategists] tried to feel out the [Innkeeper] as they introduced themselves.
“Wil Kallinad, Innkeeper Solstice. House Kallinad of Pheislant, but I am a student of the Forgotten Wing company in Baleros. Honored to make your acquaintance.”
She didn’t hold out a hand, but she did smile. She blinked at Merrik and visibly hesitated as he introduced himself.
“Merrik Hostone, of Deríthal-Vel, Miss Solstice. Nominally from Deríthal—I’ve done mercenary work across the nations thereabouts. [Stoneshorn War Leader].”
Everyone looked at Merrik at that. He’d actually used his real, full class? He was trying to make a real impression. Erin blinked and then smiled.
“Wow! Another Dwarf from the same place! I guess that’s really the home of all Dwarves, eh?”
“Most of us, Miss. Although—no, most.”
Merrik blushed as he stumbled over his words. Erin smiled and then hesitated. She looked sideways at Ceria, and the half-Elf nudged her.
“Erin…”
“Oh, come on. Merrik, do you know, um, Dawil of the Silver Swords? Or Pelt?”
