9.02
Page 11
“Erin, you have never liked cooking as much as you need to. Besides…you might have [Advanced Cooking], but that’s the only Skill you have. And that’s not as great as it was anymore.”
Erin puffed out her cheeks indignantly.
“What? I’ll have you know that Ilvriss was super surprised I had it! It’s not common in Liscor—”
“It wasn’t common earlier. Now? Erin, I think most [Chefs]—and they are [Chefs]—have that and a dozen Skills you don’t. Imani has [Expert Cooking].”
The [Innkeeper] hesitated and gulped. There it was. Erin Solstice had, despite herself, raised the bar with cookies, ice cream, and, yes, actually interesting ideas that Liscor hadn’t tried. So now she was looking up at the bar. And she was in a wheelchair.
“Fine. [Chef]. We still have our magical foods.”
“No one’s eating your blue paste.”
“It’s magical. I’ll make something good! I have tons of new ideas. For the food, for the inn—and my pot! Let’s just open up today and play it by ear.”
The two entered the inn, nodding to each other, and found Ishkr reporting for duty with Liska and a whole lot of empty space next to him. The [Head Server] gave Erin an embarrassed look as the [Princess] and [Innkeeper] came to a stop. Lyonette groaned.
“Oh no.”
 
——
 
Ishkr had tried. He really had. He went around to every former employee except for Silveran, and they had all refused to work at The Wandering Inn.
“Why not Silveran?”
“Because he runs a company that can pull in more money in one day than we can pay him in a month, Erin.”
“Oh. Right. Continue.”
Ishkr looked embarrassed as he played with his apron pockets.
“I, er…asked the other former employees, Erin. Cisca? She already had good, steady work. Thoss joined the army. And the rest either had jobs that paid as much as we did or they didn’t want to come here.”
“Why not? Because they were working?”
Ishkr coughed into one paw.
“That and—”
—And they really didn’t want to die. The Wandering Inn was famous for being attacked. It had been overrun by Crelers, stalked by Raskghar, and blown up three times. So when Ishkr had gone to headhunt individuals, over half had heard The Wandering Inn and refused flat out.
“The other problem is that I did go to many, many pubs, inns, and taverns. Even Invrisil!”
He’d spent six hours today rushing around, and yesterday too. Lyonette looked at him.
“Not one employee volunteered?”
“No. I had as many as sixty I interviewed. Not one was suitable.”
And here it got interesting. Erin peered at Ishkr, and Lyonette frowned.
“We could have interviewed them, Ishkr. What do you mean, not suitable?”
The Gnoll began ticking off points on his fingers.
“I do have a Skill or two, Miss Lyonette, Miss Erin. As [Head Waiter], yes? I could tell some were simply criminals. Petty [Thieves], untrustworthy. Those were easy to sort out. However, I took the liberty of—testing them.”
“By…?”
“Asking if they’d serve a Goblin or Antinium food. And then, if they did, I would ask them to take a fried bee out to Bird. Then pour acid in the outhouses to clean them. Finally, I asked them to throw a seed core at a Rock Crab.”
It was a basic litmus test, and Lyonette gave Ishkr an approving look. Frankly—it wasn’t even the most onerous stuff a staff member might be expected to do. However, the results?
Bird had gone hungry. Most people hadn’t even gotten to the Rock Crab before deciding they could get just as good pay somewhere else. And that was fair.
Erin Solstice was already sitting down, but Lyonette had to find a seat. The trio looked at each other as Liska poured herself a drink behind the bar.
