9.02
Page 31
“Silveran runs Silveran’s Cleaners, Erin. He employs dozens of Antinium! I told you we couldn’t match his prices.”
“I will work for free. I earn enough money so I will work for free, please. Or I can pay you…”
Silveran was calculating his income, and Erin started chuckling. She put a hand on Silveran’s.
“I get it. Silveran—Lyonette is saying you’re doing so well it would be wrong of us to make you work here for a fraction of the pay. It’s not fair.”
“But I wish to work here.”
The Worker was still upset. Had he cleaned his way out of his dream job? He succeeded into failure! Erin urgently patted his hands and called for a bracing bowl of acid flies.
“Silveran, that’s not it. Now you can send us some of your good Workers and even Soldiers if they can clean stuff. Listen—I know you don’t want to hear it, but it’s better if you keep Silveran’s Cleaners running. Doesn’t it really help?”
It did, and many [Shopkeepers] told Silveran his prices and quality couldn’t be beat. It also meant Workers got to have a paying job and far better conditions than the Hive.
And yet…Silveran closed his mandibles sharply.
“I do not want to help. I want to work here.”
He knew that was wrong, but it seemed to him that by helping everyone, he had thusly made himself less happy. He wanted to be…here.
He looked around The Wandering Inn, and the [Innkeeper] hesitated. Then a big smile crossed her face, and she poked one of his ‘cheeks’ since there was nothing to pinch.
“You silly Silveran, you! Don’t you get it? You might not be able to work here as a [Cleaner] all day—but that just means you can come here whenever you want. And hang out with me!”
“I can?”
The Antinium gave Erin a blank look. She rubbed his head.
“Yes, you can. And you don’t have to clean, so you and I can hang out and play chess.”
“I do not enjoy chess. But this sounds enjoyable.”
“…Huh?”
The betrayal. The drama. But Silveran looked at Erin, and his overwhelming distress faded into…well, he still wanted to work here. But maybe he could pay to sweep the floors? And if he was a paying customer, could he not, in fact, eat all the acid flies he had ever wanted but been too afraid to ask for?
“Erin. If I can pay for food—may I ask for two bowls of acid flies?”
The gluttony. Erin looked at Silveran and began laughing. Then she personally brought him a bowl, and Silveran began to appreciate money in ways he had never thought of before.
“Do you and the Workers actually spend money, Silveran?”
Fascinated, Erin rested her chin on her hands as she sat with him. Silveran replied absently, gobbling acid flies.
“We pay for food. And pillows.”
“And…?”
“And paint? Garry has a bakery which offers food for coins. We often spend money there.”
“Nothing else, Silveran?”
The Worker hesitated. Now that he was a [Cleaning Manager], he did understand money. He had kept trying to offer some services for free, but he got paid, and so he had divided much of his profits to his Workers—but he had needed to keep money for supplies and such.
He understood the myriad things that people spent money on, but he, as a Worker…Silveran glanced at Erin, and in many ways, he was as much of a stranger to Antinium as Yellow Splatters, Pawn, or even Crusader 57.
It was just that Silveran was to economics what Pawn was to faith. He had brought pets to the Free Antinium. Now, he had the most devious of thoughts.
“…I do not spend coins, Erin. But I could. Could I pay you for a…room in your inn?”
Erin blinked at Silveran and glanced at Lyonette.
“Absolutely! Why, we’d let you stay for—Lyonette! Lyonette!”
