9.02
Page 13
“I don’t want to work either.”
“Nope.”
Ulvama had just wandered in to get a bowl of ice cream. She walked away so fast Erin was left spluttering.
“But Numbtongue—we’d pay you!”
The [Bard] gave Erin a long look. Slowly, he reached into one belt pouch and produced an uncut emerald. He put that on the table.
“Oh, your hobby. But th—”
He put a nugget of gold there next, then silver, then a citrine. Erin waved her hands, scowling.
“Gothica?”
“Nope.”
The [Goth] did not want to wait tables. Which was fair. Erin put her head down, and Lyonette realized they might not be able to actually open the inn today after all.
“I guess we have to reconsider our options. Maybe if we raised prices…but the cost is already…Ishkr, we need to calculate how much we can raise the pay to. Do you remember…? Erin? Where are you going?”
She turned, and the [Innkeeper] looked around guiltily as she wheeled towards an inviting door in the wall.
“Um—lunch break! Let’s think about it later.”
 
——
 
Gireulashia didn’t want to ever stop playing with Mrsha. It wasn’t always fun.
In fact, it wasn’t often fun after ten days. It was hard for the two to play a lot of games together. Tag? Gire won. Hide-and-seek? Gire won. Triumphs? Gire won so badly Mrsha sulked for ten minutes.
They were different in ages; Mrsha still didn’t like walking on two legs. Gire could do a triple backflip from a standing position.
And yet, they managed. For one thing, practicing magic was something where Mrsha was ahead, and Gire’s look of wonder hadn’t faded from just casting [Light].
“Mrsha, you’re so smart.”
“I know, I know.”
Mrsha modestly tucked Pisces’ wand into its holster as she produced a patch of grass. She peered at Gire as the [Grow Grass] spell failed for Gire again.
“All I can do is a single blade of grass. I’m going to keep practicing! I’ve already figured out how to cast [Flame Arrow], but it’s so weak. I’ll cast a hundred—a thousand times per day of [Grow Grass] as well.”
Mrsha hesitated. She scribbled on her notepad.
Hold up, you cast that spell how many times?
Gire scratched her head.
“I can’t do a thousand. But I did a hundred mini [Flame Arrows]. With mana potions. I stopped when I felt like I was getting one of those giant headaches or mana burn, but I won’t learn unless I practice, right? How much do you cast your spells?”
Mrsha hesitated.
All the time. Every day. Every hour, really. I can’t not think when I don’t practice.
“Mhm. Me too. I’ll catch up soon!”
Ekhtouch had a different attitude towards training. However, play was more important. And Mrsha was the master of play. Also, because they had shared all secrets, Gire was someone whom Mrsha could share everything with.
“Mrsha, what is this? Is this…a super-phone?”
Gire’s eyes went round as Mrsha presented Kevin’s laptop. The two sat down and began playing Numbtongue’s favorite video game. Mrsha showed Gire how it worked as she proudly erased Numbtongue’s save files.
“How does it work? You—aah!”
Gire jumped as Mrsha demonstrated her amazing [Gamer] skills on the easiest difficulty. She had to use the touchpad, and it was hard using Gnollish finger pads. Bam, bam! Look how good I am!
“Amazing! Mrsha, I want to try! And you do—look out!”
Boom. Mrsha sighed. Another death. But she, Mrsha the Space Warrior, could show Gire a new level of combat! She graciously handed the laptop to Gire and hopped into the [Paragon]’s lap to watch her fumble around.
