9.02
Page 10
“It began with my cooking classes. You remember that, Erin? Well, I was leasing kitchens but at such prices that Palt began grumbling how it would be easier to buy a new building since they were going up. We looked into it, and it cost a bit more than that, but we’ve more than made up for it with the classes. In fact…we provide for more than Timbor’s inn. The classes are just part of what we do. I come up with new recipes from home…”
She looked meaningfully at Erin.
“…or my take on it. And I’m creating new dishes, of course!”
Erin groaned.
“Good luck. They’ll steal your recipes instantly, those jerks!”
“Not if they pay Imani to teach them how to make it. That’s a Wistram sales-model. Coin for knowledge. Coin for secrets. My unshod darling, are we going to rescue The Wandering Inn’s dire cuisine once more?”
Palt trotted forwards, and Imani took his hand as he smiled at Erin. The young woman eyed the growing beard on the Centaur’s face.
“Yuck.”
“Yuck? Imani didn’t protest!”
Palt looked wounded as he covered his beard. Imani sighed.
“I didn’t not protest. He can always hide it with illusion spells. Palt, I need to work at The Wandering Inn. You get to run the kitchen.”
“I—suppose that works. We can hire some of our assistants full-time, I think, and devote one to the inn?”
“No, no, I’ll work there for the day. Let’s ask if Meritss can work full-time. If not…”
The two began conferring, and Lyonette glanced at Erin, who was standing with Ser Sest and a bored Numbtongue, who was placated eating Imani’s attempt at a spicy fried bean tofu and rating it on a placard Palt had designed.
She felt it too, no matter how hard she wanted to ignore it.
Could they do this? Lyonette smiled weakly.
“Er—how good is business, Imani?”
“Booming! There are so many new places opening up with all the Gnolls and Humans—and I’m getting people from Invrisil, Pallass, and beyond! The Wandering Inn will be good advertisement, I guess. Especially if the Players are performing. They are, aren’t they?”
“Temile promised his best group would perform regularly.”
Timbor whistled with envy.
“That will fill the inn alone. I offered him to keep every ticket sale and a margin on what I make from the common room, but he had his theatre, and I can’t compete with that.”
Lyonette and Erin exchanged a glance. Imani was taking an apron when Erin cleared her throat as Lyonette sighed and gave her a slow nod.
“Imani…maybe we can find someone else after all. Um. How good are your assistant chefs?”
 
——
 
It was not fair. Yes, the Players of Celum owed everything to Erin Solstice, and they had not forgotten it.
However, Lyonette heard an echo of the argument she’d used on Erin to justify only offering a month of food for people fighting in a literal war for the inn.
Could they ask Temile and Imani to give up their business for The Wandering Inn? Well, obviously, yes. But was that fair?
It was fairer to…ask Barehoofs to send some of their food to The Wandering Inn, not demand their [Chef]. It was fairer to tell Temile that his second-team could perform at The Wandering Inn and cut him at least a portion of the profits.
It just wasn’t easy. Erin and Lyonette went back to the inn, discussing the problem.
“Okay, so Temile will send his junior [Actors] some nights. That’s great! We don’t have to always have chaos. We just need a new [Cook].”
“[Chef]. Erin, competition is going to be more difficult. We need a [Chef].”
“Bah, I can cook a bit. Just let me get out of my wheelchair and…”
The [Princess] halted Erin with a look. Ser Sest kept pushing her despite that.
