9.02
Page 20
Lyonette frowned at Erin, and the [Innkeeper] looked up sharply. A Hobgoblin had just begun choking on her food, but Erin put it down to Ulvama trying to eat a double-strawberry cake in one bite.
“But could I protect her here? And that’s just one thing I need to do. I have more quests to post.”
Everyone listening stirred at that, and someone called out.
“Post ‘em already! I’ll take at least one! Just let me find the City of Stars, first!”
Jelaqua Ivirith had arrived with the entire team of Halfseekers. Moore, Ulinde, Seborn, and Jelaqua. Mrsha ran over in delight, but slowed. The half-Giant raised a hand, and she didn’t leap into his lap. His face looked shadowed.
Erin half-rose, but she had a game, and…Jelaqua’s broad smile flickered as Erin looked her up and down.
Searchingly. The Selphid had the Demas Metal flail she’d found in the fighting. Ulinde was still appraising the gear they’d…found…off Wall Lord Dragial’s corpse.
Moore looked scarier than ever, and Seborn had the light of faith in his eyes. They had leveled from their experiences. And yet Erin just smiled, took a gulp of water, and replied clearly into the silence.
“You’re not ready yet.”
The Halfseekers sat up. The Gold-rank team looked at Erin, and her gaze circled the inn. Ceria blinked as Erin gazed at her team.
“No one I know is. Not even Saliss. I can’t post something if it can’t be done. There are things I want to do, not just quests. Things I want to make. They can’t be made. So I guess I’ll wait. But not for long. Not forever. If I want it done, I need to do something first, right? And this inn…it isn’t even functional.”
She waved at Ishkr, hurrying around with Lyonette and the Thronebearers. Erin Solstice looked around the inn and asked the real question.
“What’s The Wandering Inn going to look like? What comes next for us? Good, happy things. If you want, Gire, you can stay here forever.”
She patted the big girl’s paw, but then Erin turned. She gazed into the empty kitchen, at the tables so few were willing to wait, and nodded.
Calmly, Erin checkmated Gire’s king and stood up. She managed to stand long enough to stretch, then collapsed into her chair with a sigh. The Gnoll looked down at the least fun game she’d ever played, then at Erin as the [Innkeeper] rolled her shoulders.
“Man, I’m stiff. You know what I want? A bathtub.”
“We have one, Erin.”
“Well, I want a bigger one. A real hot tub. No, no. A hot springs. With a slide and…a rubber duckie.”
She was speaking madness. The [Innkeeper] looked around the inn.
“And that jerk was right, there are things we could add. We have all the space in the world, but you know what? It’s not super safe. Someday…no. We really do need better security. And my door. But the staff should be nervous. So yeah, Bird’s no good in his tower by himself.”
“Gasp. I am hurt. Am I out of a job?”
Bird raised his head, and Erin waved a hand at him.
“No, silly. We just need to get you support. Why not…yeah. Why not a ballista?”
Lyonette nearly slipped carrying a tray out.
“Erin, you cannot be serious.”
She looked up, and Erin gave her a long, exasperated look.
“Why not? Has Bird ever hit anyone, anyone, with an arrow that he didn’t want to? What is he going to do besides shoot a Wyvern that would probably eat us anyways?”
Bird was nodding so fast he was vibrating.
“These facts are shaking me to my core. I am shook. Mrsha, stop shaking me. We will all have a turn with the promised ballista.”
“Are you actually serious about putting a ballista on the inn, Miss Solstice?”
