9.02
Page 37
“If you’d died, I’d never have forgiven myself. I’m glad you made it—but I wish you hadn’t done that! What would have happened if you died?”
Ceria thought about it. She was walking at a sedate pace. After a moment, she flicked Erin’s forehead gently with a finger.
“I think you would act just like we did after you died, Erin. We weren’t thinking straight.”
“I’m sorry.”
“You didn’t know a bunch of Drakes were lying outside the inn with crossbows. Erin. I’m not blaming you for anything we did. The Horns of Hammerad are big boys and girls, except for Ksmvr. We went into everything with eyes open, just like Halrac and Jelaqua’s teams, and everyone else. We will settle our dues. Tree rot, they still have that Helm of Fire, and they’ve been negotiating for it for months.”
Ceria sighed, and Erin stirred.
“Oh, the artifacts? Wait, they still haven’t distributed the loot?”
Ceria shrugged.
“Adventurers and the biggest raid in decades? Nope. We complicated it too, by being alive instead of dead. Personally, I think the teams are waiting to see what we have before claiming some of it. That’s going to be—a problem.”
She scratched at her head.
“…They’re not getting our stuff. I think we’ll have to sort it out, but that’s our problem.”
Erin didn’t envy Ceria that, but this wasn’t the core of what they needed to say. They were circling.
“How was Savere, Ceria? It sounds like a really nasty place.”
The half-Elf shrugged.
“It isn’t so bad. There are some truly unpleasant characters, like this half-Elf I met, but I got through it by being cool-headed.”
She winked, and Erin groaned at the pun. Ceria went on after a moment of thought.
“…It’s very different from Izril or Terandria in many ways. Chandrar, that is. But the people were still people. I bet you can understand that.”
“Yep. So—Fetohep of Khelt really helped you out? Or did he take you away from what you needed to do?”
Erin squirmed in her chair. Ceria chewed that over.
“He helped me. I didn’t lose too much. Yvlon, Ksmvr, Pisces, they all had things to do. But me? I made one huge change in Chandrar, and all my challenges were simpler on my side, I think. I feel like coming back to Izril is where things will…matter.”
She was speaking very casually about everything. There was something off about Ceria that Erin couldn’t explain, but then she heard the half-Elf curse.
“Tree rot, I’m going to explode if I don’t bring it up. Erin! Tell me what Gerial said.”
She slowed, and Erin saw Ceria walk around to face her. Then she saw the half-Elf’s face and the barely suppressed nervousness in Ceria’s eyes.
The fear.
It was there, and Erin relaxed because that was the half-Elf she knew. Ceria raked at her hair.
“I ran away when you brought it up. I’m sorry.”
“No, I’m sorry, Ceria. I shouldn’t have said it like that. And I had no proof. But…”
Erin’s mouth had gone dry. She spread her hands.
“…Believe me. I met ghosts. I…believe me?”
Ceria sat down cross-legged. She picked up some grass, put it into her mouth, and spat it out.
“I believe you. I believed you the moment you said that.”
“Wh—you did? Then why did you…?”
Why’d you run off when you were about to hear the words of your dead friend? Numbtongue was right. Erin did have stupid ideas.
Ceria was scratching at one cheek, and she kept glancing at Erin. Her face was trying to smile, but she was rubbing her fingers together on her skeletal hand and making a faint rasping sound.
“I…I think I’m ready, now, Erin? What was he like? What was it—no. You go ahead. I’ll just listen. I’ll shut up. I’m…ready.”
