9.02
Page 35
How had she changed? What would Erin say? And…the [Innkeeper] slowed as Numbtongue came to a stop and looked towards the card table.
“Erin, you want to go anywhere now?”
She hesitated, but someone spoke up.
“I could push her, Numbtongue. If she wants to go anywhere. Erin. Do you want to speak now?”
The [Innkeeper] looked to her left, and Ceria Springwalker walked forwards. Erin’s expression changed slightly as Numbtongue stepped back.
“Ah. Ceria. I…is now a good time?”
Ceria had her hands in her pockets. She looked at Erin apprehensively, but nodded slowly.
“Now’s as good a time as any. Should we go for a walk in the [Garden of Sanctuary] or…?”
Mrsha was playing with Gire inside, and they had ears like a hawk. Or ears like a hawk had eyes. Erin glanced out the window.
“Why don’t we go outside? Assuming there are no spies everywhere.”
“I can keep them away.”
Tessa offered. Lyonette looked up in alarm.
“Why don’t I send, uh, Ser Dalimont and—”
“No. I’ll take Erin. We’ll be safe together. Does that sound good, Erin?”
The [Innkeeper] looked at Ceria as Lyonette began to protest. But the [Cryomancer] just took Erin’s chair as the [Innkeeper] nodded, and the two headed outside.
Erin didn’t see any obvious watchers as Ceria wheeled her into the sun, but she thought she felt some eyes on her. Ceria looked around and pointed the way Erin had seen before.
“Most of the Shield Spider nests are gone, I hear. What if we did a big loop around there? It’s mostly flat. All we have to do is get down the hill without you crashing. And without anyone watching us via spell.”
“I should have anti-spying gear thanks to Saliss.”
The half-Elf nodded. Ceria gestured, and Erin dug her feet into the ground, ready to help slow the descent down the fairly steep hill. But to her surprise, she felt herself sliding—
“Oh no! Ceria—whoooooaa!”
That was because instead of going down the hill and wiping out again, Erin felt herself rolling down a slick ramp of ice. It wasn’t nearly as steep as the hill, and she looked back as she flailed and saw Ceria skating behind her.
“Ceria! That’s amazing! It’s a rollercoaster!”
The half-Elf laughed.
“I have no idea what that is. Here we go.”
She came to a stop and began pushing Erin across flatter ground. The ice ramp melted behind her, and Erin looked at Ceria. It was so—effortless. She had seen Ceria learning to cast [Ice Wall], but this?
“That’s amazing, Ceria. Is this all magic you learned in Chandrar or the Village of the Dead raid? I never said…thank you properly for everything. I’m sorry for jumping you with the stuff about Gerial yesterday. It’s just—”
“One second, Erin. We’re out of magical surveillance, but I think we should be in private, don’t you? No watchers?”
Ceria looked to one side, and Erin hesitated. The half-Elf’s pale gaze was focused, and her voice was cold as she stared at a patch of air.
Something rippled as another watcher fled. Ceria kept staring as Erin blinked at her.
“No watchers. And no second warnings, understood?”
Erin blinked at Ceria and looked around. Nothing seemed to move that she could see, and she wondered how many invisible or unseen observers there could be. Ceria pushed Erin onward four steps. Then she pointed a finger.
“[Ice Pillar].”
Erin heard a short scream. Then she saw a pillar of ice punch a hitherto invisible figure up into the air. Erin’s head tracked the figure going up and landing. It did not sound like a good landing.
“We—we could go back to the inn, Ceria. It’s private, and the garden’s secure. I could ask Mrsha and Gire—”
