9.02
Page 29
Rhaldon scrambled to stomp out the fire and get things moving. He did stuff like that, like unloading or arranging the night’s rooms as the apprentice. Termin looked glad not to, and only when they were on the road again did he speak.
“…Nicknames. Nicknames? Ah, got one. You haven’t met her, and you’d better be on your best behavior around her. No weird questions. Not around Karsy.”
“Karsy?”
Termin nodded.
“Her nickname’s…Karsaeu the Unmarked. She rolls the Unmarked Coach, and you don’t ever trouble her or her passengers. Who else has a stupid name? Oh—Chaoisa, the Contempt of Man.”
Rhaldon snorted, but Termin gave him a serious look.
“That’s the actual nicknames we get given. So ‘Termin the Omnipresent’ is better than some.”
Rhaldon supposed that when you were a bored [Wagon Driver], nicknaming yourselves in the most grandiose way possible was a way of coping. He badgered Termin for six more names, then, as usual, they fell into a peaceful silence. Termin hummed as they left the road, following a trail only he knew, and they rolled onto the grasslands. It was hard for Rhaldon, and the donkeys had to struggle despite his smaller wagon; Termin’s rolled across the grass as if it were perfectly maintained stone.
“Watch for soft spots. I don’t want you stuck. Follow me exactly; I’ll maneuver us.”
Even then, Rhaldon could still steer very easily since the donkeys could follow the wagon in front of them. He spent his time reading.
Baleros, Chandrar, adventurers and wars. And we’re going to the spot where the Gnolls were nearly all murdered by Drakes. This is history—and none of this is for me. I can’t do much unless…
Rhaldon pulled out his money pouch and stared at the singular gold coin and silver he had. He had spent most of his earnings, and Termin had bought the donkeys and wagon, so it was quite fair how much Rhaldon got, or so he understood.
Not nearly enough to make any purchases, and since Plain’s Eye is gone, I don’t think Gaarh Marsh will be selling anyways.
Maybe after they did this trip. Termin glanced over his shoulder.
“You still looking to buy some fancy glassware and such?”
“And other things.”
“Wait ‘till Liscor, then. They’ve got this fancy magic door that connects to Pallass and Invrisil. You’ll do all your shopping then, and by the sounds of it, we’ll both get at least a few gold.”
That did seem good. Rhaldon relaxed and nodded. Termin was smiling again.
“Did I say that I know the [Innkeeper]? Even transported her magic door with those Gold-rank adventurers.”
“Yes, Termin. You’ve mentioned it.”
“She came back from the dead, even. ‘Course, that’s how it is for me. I told you about that [Farmer] that I took from his farm, right? Eldertuin the Fortress?”
“Him too. And the Wind Runner. And the Horns, yes. And Griffon Hunt, and the Halfseekers…”
“I once had Elia Arcsinger herself in here, you know. Just a ride to Dwarfhalls Rest, since her team was tired.”
Rhaldon sighed. The one problem with Termin was—
He did like to brag. But Rhaldon was quite grateful. He just—
He was not going to be a [Wagon Driver] all his life. Hopefully. That was not what he was good at. And yet, how else were you going to make enough money to get all the things he needed? Adventuring? No shot. He had no experience with any weapons, and even if he had a gun, he’d heard Termin talking about Crelers.
