9.02
Page 36
“You have to warn them at some point, Erin. Looks like they’re clearing out.”
Indeed, it looked like one of the observers was even tending to the one who’d gotten their ribs broken. Erin looked at Ceria, and one of the masked watchers raised two hands and backed up. The half-Elf nodded, and they recovered the wounded person.
She’s changed. That didn’t seem like a Ceria-move. Insulting poor beavers with foul language? Yes. This? Maybe Ksmvr’s talk about displaying dominance was rubbing off on Ceria.
Yet, when the half-Elf looked down, her rueful smile was completely familiar.
“Dead gods, Erin. You just can’t come back from the dead quietly, can you? The world will never be the same. Yvlon nearly swallowed a chair when she saw the Quest.”
“I, uh—well. I did it to help Antherr. And it’s not like anyone didn’t want to find the City of Stars.”
Erin spluttered, but she smiled in relief. Ceria shook her head.
“If it exists, you mean. Now we know it exists and—you came back from the dead, and I thought surviving the Village of the Dead and teleporting to Chandrar was going to be the big story. Now I’ll be lucky if anyone buys me a drink.”
“Hey! That’s huge! I can’t believe you did that.”
“Neither can I. We went—sort of crazy. When you died, I mean. In hindsight, that was a really, really stupid thing to do. Attack a death-zone with Gold-ranks and two Named-ranks? We should have died, but we got bailed out by a real adventurer. Do you know what happened?”
“I—only the clips.”
“Clips?”
Erin tried to explain.
“The video recordings of the scrying orb.”
“Oh, I see. Clips. That’s another word from your home, right?”
Ceria glanced at Erin, and the [Innkeeper] nodded. It was amazing how many secrets lay between them. Yet…Ceria just moved on, and Erin stared down at the lovely orange grass they were moving on.
“—You did that for me. People died. Seborn nearly got killed, I heard. And some people. There were deaths.”
The half-Elf nodded. Her voice was level. But not emotionless. She took a deep breath and spoke in a sigh, looking sad.
“There always are, Erin. Don’t blame yourself. Do you think all the teams that went there went for you? They went because we told them there was a shot. Adventurers go in and go out. You remember how we went into Liscor’s crypt. We knew we might be underlevelled, but we prepared as much as we could. We do risky things. The Village of the Dead was stupid.”
“Not stupid. Not that I—”
Ceria stopped Erin.
“It was stupid. It was a calculated risk, but going into a death-zone? Going into a dungeon even with all the precautions in the world? That’s what adventuring is. Whatever you want to call it—if I could go back in time knowing what I do, Erin? I’d try the raid again. Only, I’d get more Named-rank adventurers, prepare a bit longer.”
“Really? Even knowing what happened with that crazy sword-guy?”
Erin looked at Ceria, and the half-Elf smiled crookedly.
“He wasn’t the worst thing there. But believe me, Erin. What we got from that raid was more than worth what we, the Horns, put in. I can’t speak for everyone. And what happened in Chandrar doesn’t count. Myself? I’d take it all, but I’m not—Pisces.”
Erin looked up and nodded slowly. Her smile faded, and she bowed her head.
“No. I need to talk to him. Do you know what…?”
“No. He won’t talk to me, Yvlon, or even Ksmvr about the specifics. We left some of his friends behind.”
“For me. Again. Ceria—”
The half-Elf waited as Erin struggled for words. The [Innkeeper] burst out at last.
