9.02
Page 9
“We’ll have a group playing in your inn tonight, Lyonette! You have my word. Maybe not our best team because they are booked for the theater here, but I’ll arrange it so our best group from the Players of Liscor performs, with maybe the Players of Celum performing every month at least once?”
“That is so generous. Thank you, Temile!”
Lyonette exhaled and then took a look around.
“But what about your theatre here?”
They were standing in a new building in the developing western district of Liscor. Temile waved it off.
“We can fill it. But The Wandering Inn is where we began—well, the Frenzied Hare, but you know what I mean—and The Wandering Inn is where we’ll perform. Until the next time it shuts down. Er, do let us know if the monsters are going to attack.”
He laughed, and Lyonette noticed his missing thumb and laughed too, but weakly. Still—the Players of Liscor were exceptionally generous.
“I will let you know, Temile. We need to make sure the staff can accommodate a crowd—can I send a runner to confirm?”
“Absolutely. We’d like to set up in…two hours at the latest?”
“I will let you know by then, thank you.”
Lyonette hurried away from the guild, resolved to make sure she had staff. But that was when she ran into the complications, because when she went to see how Ishkr was doing, she found Erin Solstice talking with Imani in front of Timbor’s inn.
The [Innkeeper] was there too, and Erin waved Lyonette over.
“I, um, really appreciate it, Imani. But are you sure it’s okay?”
Oh no. Erin’s generous nature was getting the better of her. Lyonette cursed as she hurried forwards, Dalimont and Lormel behind her. And a shadowy Drake too, but Lyonette couldn’t even deal with that.
“Absolutely, Erin. Timbor has agreed to let me change jobs, and—it’s the least I can do.”
Imani was smiling, but both turned to look at Timbor. He had a long history with Erin, but the man mustered a smile. He didn’t look…happy, but who would want to let go of a star [Chef] like Imani?
“It’s quite all right, Miss Erin. Miss Imani started in your inn, and I—I would have hoped for her to leave my inn a month ago.”
“That’s very kind. But you’re sure, Imani?”
“Erin, is there a problem with Imani cooking at The Wandering Inn?”
Lyonette hadn’t heard the beginning of this conversation, but she understood the moment Imani’s gaze slid sideways.
“It’s…not too great an issue, Lyonette. I just need to discuss my hours. I can try to work ahead of time, but your guests eat a lot of food. I think Palt will just have to manage the kitchen here by himself until I work out a way to divide my time.”
“What kitchen? Oh—”
And then Lyonette realized she’d been out-of-touch with Liscor almost as much as Erin, because she turned and there it was.
Barehoof Kitchens, [Chef] Imani and [Illusionist] Palt.
The sign hung over the building next to Timbor’s Drunken Gnoll with an odd logo—that of a hoof upon a dinner plate. It was certainly something. The artwork was very well-done, and Lyonette knew it had to be Palt who’d done all of it, including the painted lettering.
“You…have a kitchen, Imani?”
The [Chef] tried to appear modest, but it was clear she’d been dying to tell Erin all about it.
