9.02
Page 12
“Wait a second, Erin. Wait…Ishkr? How many employees—ever—has The Wandering Inn retained?”
“Including you, Miss Lyonette?”
“Not including me.”
Ishkr hesitated. He glanced at his sister.
“Long-term? One.”
And that was him. Now, many establishments like an inn had low employee-retention rates. That was just a reality in the service industry in any world. But The Wandering Inn might have had the worst retention-rate of any inn in Liscor or a thousand miles.
To be fair, it wasn’t even that the inn was so bad they all quit! Look at Drassi! Look at Imani, for that matter! They had quit because they had found something even more successful. Even Kevin and Joseph had upgraded.
It didn’t solve the problem, but it made Lyonette and Erin feel a bit better when Ser Dalimont pointed this out. Then the [Princess]’ face fell.
“…But that means it may be even harder to hold onto any good employees we do get. They’ll leave because Erin turns them into a [Sword Fire Slaying Saint Rockstar] or something.”
“Hey! I wouldn’t do that! Unless I could, because that sounds sort of cool.”
Numbtongue nodded vigorously from one table. Lyonette stared at her hands.
“I think the problem is that we need…workers who are capable. Trustworthy, who can serve Goblins and Antinium well. Who are good at combat or can at least survive a dangerous situation.”
She began ticking off points on her hands, and Ishkr and Erin nodded. Lyonette looked around.
“We need a [Bartender], a [Chef], servers, security—”
She glanced at the Thronebearers, but they wouldn’t be here forever, hopefully, and they weren’t hers.
“—and even a stable handler, cleaners, and so on.”
“A stable? Aw. Wait—don’t we have one?‘
Erin peered out the window vaguely. Lyonette nodded.
“Yes, we do. And Erin, if someone wants to have their horse staying here overnight—can you make sure it’s bedded down and fed? Do you know how to undo a saddle?”
Erin squinted suspiciously at Lyonette.
“I bet there are belts and buckles and stuff. I could figure it out.”
Lyonette ignored that. She was drumming her fingers on the table, trying to figure out where you got people like that. And once again, Ser Dalimont spoke up with a slight smile.
“You have aptly described a group of employees, Pr—Miss Lyonette. I fear they may refuse your offers, but they do exist.”
“I have? Who?”
The Thronebearer bowed slightly.
“Lady Magnolia’s staff meets all such descriptions to a tee.”
The face Erin made said her opinion on hiring Magnolia’s staff. Lyonette shook her head. She sat there.
“Aside from the fact that we cannot hire them, Ser Dalimont—no. I think we have to make do. I’ll tell Temile we can open. You four will simply have to serve the tables.”
She glanced at the Thronebearers. Erin brightened up. That wasn’t a bad idea! They were certainly elegant, and the Thronebearers knew their way around all manner of tasks including cooking.
That was why it was so disappointing when all four Thronebearers instantly refused.
“I fear we cannot, Miss Lyonette. Despite any orders you may make—we will serve you and those with you without hesitation, but to work a busy inn would compromise our duty as bodyguards.”
“Not even…? Well, then—we have to hire someone else! Ulvama, Numbtongue! That’s it—Gothica and the Fellowship!”
Erin snapped her fingers and came to a realization. Of course! The Fellowship of the Inn!
They had nowhere to go with the exception of Sergeant Gna and Salkis. But this would solve that! She turned to them, and Gothica raised one finger.
“No one makes me work.”
Erin’s face fell. Numbtongue glanced up with a huge frown.
