9.02
Page 38
She fell silent, and Erin’s own heart beat painfully in her chest. The [Innkeeper] opened her mouth, croaked, felt a lump, swallowed it, and felt her eyes stinging.
“He…Gerial was great. Just like he was. You know? They all were. It wasn’t bad. He—he saved me before I came back to life, you know. He was the bravest.”
“Gerial? He got to be a hero?”
Ceria’s look of apprehension faded, and she smiled slightly. Erin nodded, and Ceria exhaled.
“Good for him. He always wanted to be in the storybook.”
That one line was all it took. Erin began blinking hard. Ceria waved at her.
“Don’t you dare! Or I’ll start crying! Don’t you—what did he say?”
The two laughed, and Erin pinched herself.
“I’m trying. He…we talked for a while. But you know—you know—you know? He said the words right before I left.”
Tears spilled from Erin’s eyes. She sniffed, and Ceria looked at Erin blankly. Then she rose; Ceria couldn’t help herself.
“He said it? Death before dishonor? That…twice?”
The way she said it—Erin had started crying, but then she started giggling and put her hands over her mouth. Ceria looked torn between a laugh and a sob.
“He couldn’t think of something better?”
Then that was it. They began laughing. Erin tried not to fall out of her chair, and Ceria’s eyes were wet with tears. It was the meanest thing she could have said. And it proved how much she had cared for him.
When the laughter faded enough for her to speak, Erin was able to talk again.
“He had a message for you and Calruz too, Ceria. Well…part of it is private. He said—he said he had no regrets. He wanted to be a hero, but he was just glad you survived.”
Ceria had stopped laughing and smiling, but it returned as Erin spoke. This time, though, it wasn’t wild humor, but the smile of someone like Ceria. Like Erin, in a way.
It was sixty years old, and it had seen friends go. It was old, but she looked like she had when she sat with the Horns, the originals, as Erin told her what Gerial had said. Then she whispered in Ceria’s ears, and the half-Elf laughed sadly.
“Yeah. That sounds like Gerial. As much of an idiot as Calruz in his way. He only pretended to be sensible.”
That last part was only for the half-Elf. Ceria wiped at her face, then she grabbed a handful of grass and blew her nose with it.
“Ew, Ceria!”
The half-Elf looked rattled. She took several deep breaths in and out, then brushed some grass from her nose. She wiped her face and then looked at Erin. The [Innkeeper] had a handkerchief. Another deep breath, and Ceria set herself. Erin blinked at her as the half-Elf squared her shoulders.
“Okay. Okay. That one hurt. But I…I’m really glad you told me. I’m glad—”
She trailed off, then closed her eyes. Ceria took a few more breaths, faster now, and opened her eyes and clenched her jaw.
“I’m ready. Who’s next?”
“Huh?”
Erin looked at Ceria, and the half-Elf frowned at her.
“Who’s next? Hunt? Marian—my—just let me know.”
Then Erin understood why Ceria was so afraid. There was a look of fear in the half-Elf’s eyes, circlet or not. The kind of knowledge that had come from not only believing Erin, but thinking.
Only, she was wrong. She was waiting to hear their words. Just like Gerial.
All of them. Everyone she had ever known, and she was a half-Elf. Even if she wasn’t old…Erin understood why Ceria had run away. She raised her hands.
“I don’t…I don’t have anyone else, Ceria. I didn’t meet them all. There was fighting—it was only Gerial.”
“Oh.”
It was like Ceria was waiting for a blow, but she untensed and then Erin hit her. Because there were no words. None from her…
