9.02
Page 32
The [Princess] had devised a new method for dealing with Erin while she was wheelchair-bound. Which was to roll Erin away from Silveran and sit down. Silveran put down a payment on a room and then was told he could move in now.
He walked upstairs, peered into his room of choice, and decided that he didn’t want Bird for a neighbor, so he took one down the hall that he liked. It wasn’t that Bird was noisy—he just left rotting birds around his room, and Silveran objected to his lifestyle.
The inn had its first new (paying) guest. Despite her being slightly annoyed at Lyonette, Erin was glad of it and smiled.
“Now we just need Workers and Goblins. Hey—I guess we might need more rooms, Lyonette. Especially if we’re putting them all up here.”
“In that case, we need to talk to Hexel. But let’s talk to Rags first.”
Erin nodded instantly and frowned.
“Speaking of which—she’s at Goblinhome, right? Maybe I can go there. I’d like to see it.”
Erin wistfully looked around. The person she owed speaking to most was arguably Rags. There were others, of course, like Fetohep and such—but Rags?
Yet it seemed like the little Chieftain had left and not come back, and Erin didn’t know why. The only people who would know how to get to her would be Numbtongue and Ulvama.
And Kevin, for some reason. Erin found Numbtongue first. He was playing cards with Gothica, Octavia, and Liska over lunch.
“Psst, Numbtongue.”
“I’m working! I just sat down because they asked!”
Liska abandoned the table in a flurry, and Lyonette frowned after her as Numbtongue blinked at Erin.
“What?”
“We’re going to hire Rags’ Goblins if any want to work here. I think they will, right?”
Numbtongue stared at Erin’s face and around the famous inn and at what might be the only [Natural Ally] of Goblins.
“…Yes.”
“Great, great! Well, I haven’t seen her either, and I bet Goblinhome is hard to get to. Especially for, y’know.”
Erin gestured at her wheelchair. She leaned forwards.
“So I was thinking—why don’t we ask if Rags can put a teleportation stone in Goblinhome? Once we get the magic door back, obviously.”
Numbtongue heard a snort from Gothica. He himself kept a blank face as he took Liska’s cards and reshuffled them into the deck.
“Nope.”
“Huh? Why not? I don’t really want to ride a Wyvern or something. It looks really uncomfortable even if I could get up there.”
The [Bard] gave Erin a long ‘are-you-serious’ look, and when she didn’t blink, he sighed.
“Think about it.”
The [Innkeeper] frowned at him, but it took her only a minute before she sighed.
“Oh. Not a good idea?”
“Nope. Lots of people hate Goblins.”
“Okay, then we’ll just send a [Message]. Can you tell me who to send it to? Lyonette needs to know.”
“Nope.”
Numbtongue scowled as Gothica took the hand. He pushed two coins forwards, and Ulvama sauntered over to the table. She was dealt in as Erin waited.
“…Why not?”
“What she want to do, send [Message] to Rags?”
Numbtongue rolled his eyes and nodded. Ulvama laughed.
“Nope!”
Erin looked from Goblin to Goblin and then folded her arms.
“I get it, I get it. It’ll reveal them. Fine. Then we’ll send a messenger or something. Er—how do we do that? Maybe we have to hire someone to hike up there?”
“Into the High Passes?”
Octavia had to interject at this point, and Erin scowled as she heard what she sounded like.
“Well—how are we supposed to talk to Rags? Wait until she comes down?”
“She might not come down. Tenbault’s [Healer] is making a huge fuss. If she comes down by Wyvern, they follow the Wyvern back.”
“Or shoot it for bounty.”
