9.02
Page 15
Gire nodded rapidly. Her paws danced over the keyboard, and she focused on it, but talked absently. The words slipped out of her mouth.
“It’s too much—what if I got things wrong?”
Erin scowled in agreement. She still had the pot from last night, but she looked at it and gave voice to a feeling she’d had. A familiar one.
“Yeah! Why do we have to get only one chance? Only one…and then it’s gone forever. Even if you can try again, it’s not the same. If you screw up…”
She looked at the pot and shook her head, troubled.
“It’s a lot of work. The world’s okay in some parts. I mean, it’s not okay, but Krshia’s smart, and the inn’s okay. If it continues, that’s good, right?”
Mrsha and Gire nodded. Gire liked this game. Even though it was about killing, she looked at it like a dream. When you died, everything was back to the way it was. There were no consequences, aside from Mrsha deleting Numbtongue’s save data.
This…was fine, wasn’t it?
 
——
 
Erin Solstice heard an echo of her words from the Mrsha-Gire childhood alliance. This was how she’d felt. It was good to hear them agreeing with her, getting it.
Except that one was an actual child, and the other was a giant [Paragon] pretending to be Mrsha’s age.
Except…Erin felt at her chest. She shook her head, troubled. Then she eyed the unearthed safe now depleted of much of its gold.
“Drat. I guess we do have to make money, but we made money anyways. I’ll just…Mrsha, help me bury this again?”
One second! Gire, left, left!
Mrsha grabbed Gire’s arm, and the [Paragon] yelped.
“I can’t hear you, Mrsha. Don’t—blue exploding thing!”
Both Gnolls dove off the hill away from the laptop. They got up, giggling, and Mrsha began to roll towards Erin and then slowed.
She realized Erin was staring down into the safe. Erin had found something. She had it in her hand, and Mrsha saw a beautiful flash, beyond silver, like what you imagined starlight smithed would be.
A little round coin, too big for any modern coinage. The Gnoll slowed, not because that was unusual.
It was the look on Erin’s face.
Perhaps the coin had been in Erin’s room, but it was entirely conceivable in the chaos that Ishkr had found it and put it into the safe. Certainly, if Erin had seen it before that—
She held the mithril coin with Tamaroth’s name on it up to the light. Gire stared at Erin, perplexed.
“What a strange coin? What word is that missing?”
She couldn’t think of it, and the [Paragon]’s brow wrinkled up. Erin just stared at that coin. And if ever there were a reminder—she looked around slowly. Something’s words echoed to her, in another world.
“Headscratcher says goodbye.”
“Erin?”
Mrsha tapped the rune stone, but the [Innkeeper] didn’t turn. She just held the coin up, and her eyes were suddenly distant. She looked it over, playing with it in her hands, and it almost looked like she might smile.
But she never did, and the coin gleamed as if a second brightness fell upon it. Was it growing…more beautiful? Mrsha began to walk forwards, but Gire stopped her. The [Paragon] squinted at Erin’s hand. Then she pulled Mrsha back.
“Don’t touch. Miss Erin?”
The [Innkeeper] didn’t respond. She held up the coin to the light, and it looked…odd. A bit squatter than it had before. Mrsha blinked at it. The faint writing, the engravings, did they look—
Melted?
Was the coin drooping in Erin’s hand? Yes—yes it was. That pure glow of hard mithril had changed, and it looked…luminescent.
Wet. Then Mrsha realized the metal was melting. Mithril was—
“Her hand. Mrsha, what is that fire?”
