9.02
Page 30
Acting as a [Merchant]—maybe. Rhaldon had a very good head for numbers, but starting that required capital. He had really toyed with the idea of apprenticing himself in his chosen profession, but he might have years of a regular apprenticeship, and all his expertise would not jive well with this world’s understanding of his field.
Better, far better to work with Termin, especially because it paid far more than regular [Wagon Drivers] earned. Once he had a few gold coins, maybe Rhaldon would see about his first foray into the world he knew.
But then again—from all he’d heard, alchemy was an explosive, mad-science approach to creating potions and whatnot. He had worked in chemical labs where an explosion never occurred.
Rhaldon hummed with Termin as they slowly came over a hill and saw a ruined battlefield and a bunch of Gnollish huts. Termin’s eyes focused on a single Antinium Soldier drawing pictures on the ground, surrounded by Gnolls as they spotted the two wagons. The Earther gazed at the foreign bug-man that the world hated so much.
It certainly wasn’t ever boring with Termin.
 
——
 
Unfortunately, Termin was a boring fellow. At least on first blush. So while Chieftain Feshi herself met with him to make sure he understood his task, she left the escorting duty to Nailren of Kelia’s Pride, the Silverfangs, and the Ekhtouch warriors.
Termin was not famous enough to warrant Rose meeting him. And even if she had—no. But Antherr would be going to Liscor, possibly a bit faster than usual.
Erin Solstice was happy to learn that Antherr had a ride, though, and she did a double-take at the name listed.
“Termin? Wow, he gets around, doesn’t he? Why’s he down south?”
“I don’t know. Is he that [Wagon Driver] that’s helped you out, Erin?”
Lyonette vaguely remembered the name, but Erin nodded with a huge smile.
“That guy’s cool. I mean—I’ve met him a few times, and so has Ryoka. Weird. He gets around.”
That was all she thought about Termin the Omnipresent. It would take him a while to arrive, and Erin was simply glad of the news.
However, there was a bit of unhappiness in today’s employment decisions. And that person came by the inn to protest in person.
“I am sad.”
A Worker with silver antennae announced his grief. He poured a cup of water over his head.
Erin stared at him. Water dripped off the Antinium’s head. He drooped.
“Have I failed? I have levelled up. Is my cleaning no good?”
“Silveran? Wh—what’s wrong? Why are you sad?”
“You do not want me.”
“What? Silveran!”
Erin had to make him bend down so she could hug him. She didn’t get why the [Cleaner] was so upset until he sat down.
“You wish to hire [Cleaners] from me. And the Free Hive. But not me. I am no longer needed? I cleaned my best, but Ishkr said the inn was closed. Did I clean the wrong stores? I will stop now.”
He was trembling, he was so upset. And as Erin looked at the water dripping from his mandibles, she realized he had learned to cry.
“Silveran, that’s the exact opposite reason! You’re…too good at cleaning!”
The Worker stopped crying and stared at Erin. Too good at cleaning? Was such a thing possible? He opened and closed his mandibles.
“But I was told I could not be employed at The Wandering Inn any longer.”
“By who?”
For answer, Silveran pointed an indignant Erin to the culprit.
“Lyonette?”
“That’s not what I said! I would never—I said Silveran is too successful!”
The Antinium did not understand the difference. Lyonette hurried over, flushing, and defended herself as Erin realized the miscommunication.
