9.02
Page 34
Except for Zineryr. Well—Erin wasn’t out of options yet. She rolled back to the table with the pot, and Ulvama looked up from her card game as Erin tapped the pot.
Did it vibrate slightly? Even Tessa stared at the pot; it was faintly magical, but this was not spellcraft like most understood.
“I could try to send something to Rags. I don’t know how to do, um, sendings. Or—what would it be? Not a hex, but maybe a physical vessel? I might have to do one of those messenger spells, but I don’t know how.”
Or rather, she needed a teacher and practice. Erin thought to herself.
“What if…I made like a flying soufflé that homes in on Rags? I probably have enough power here to do that.”
Octavia looked at Gothica, and the Cave Goblin shook her head. Clearly insane, fold. Ulvama spoke up as Erin frowned at her pot.
“Waste of power. Don’t waste that, stupid.”
She pointed indignantly at the valuable well of power. Erin jumped.
“It’s just a thought! Hey, you’re a [Shaman], right?”
“Maybe.”
Ulvama gave Erin a suspicious look. Erin waved her hands.
“Can’t you—tell Rags something secretly?”
Ulvama, the [Shaman] of the Flooded Waters tribe, thought about it.
“Yes.”
Numbtongue put down his cards and glared at her. Erin lowered her hands.
“Wh—you can? Then what am I doing asking for help? Can you send something to Rags, please?”
“Hm. Fine.”
Ulvama yawned, looking very reluctant to bestir herself over this trivial issue. She snapped her fingers and looked around.
“Give. Give.”
“What? This?”
They were keeping score on a piece of parchment. Octavia handed Ulvama a quill and a scrap to write on. Ulvama lazily scrawled on it then folded it up, flicked open her claw twice over it in a vaguely magical way, and handed it to Erin solemnly.
“Here. Use to contact Rags.”
The [Innkeeper] hesitated, because…she could tell Ulvama had not cast any magic. But perhaps it was some kind of trick. She opened the piece of folded parchment and read what Ulvama had written.
Go talk to Kevin.
The [Shaman] smirked as Erin lowered the parchment and gave her a narrow-eyed look.
 
——
 
“Talk to Rags? Sure! I’ve got the private speaking stone right here. It’s not live, so you send a message and she gets it. Do you want me to leave her something? Erin? Erin?”
Kevin looked around for the rogue-type speaking stone that Rags had been given by her ‘contacts’ in the underworld, and Erin kept smacking her head into his desk.
“Ulvama didn’t tell me—she just let me—”
“She’s sort of like that. I think she’s testing you. Okay, let me record a message. ‘Hey, Rags, it’s me, Kevin. Erin wants to know when you can meet secretly because of all the watchers. And, uh, she’d like to hire Calescent to cook in her inn, and other Goblins. Peace. Let’s hang soon. Kevin out.’ Sound good?”
It was the most Kevin message ever, which Erin supposed was a type of cipher in itself. She thanked Kevin and rolled back to the inn with Numbtongue pushing her.
She glared at Ulvama, and the [Shaman] looked up from her game of cards.
“Shamanic wisdom. Pay me later.”
Erin’s eyes narrowed, but she missed the way Lyonette glanced sharply at Ulvama. The Hobgoblin was a guest with everyone else for helping save Mrsha and bring Erin back. But there might be a reckoning sooner rather than later. Oh, yes…
But perhaps it was simply time to have those conversations being put off. Erin’s heart thumped hard at the idea of speaking to Rags. She’d heard some of what the Goblin had done.
Kidnapping a [Healer]? Attacking a city? That wasn’t good—and yet she had come to Liscor leading a tribe of Goblins.
