9.02
Page 33
Ulvama agreed. Erin looked from Ulvama to Numbtongue with an increasing frown.
“Then—if she goes on foot or with those wolves? And disguises her trail?”
Both Hobgoblins considered the idea as Gothica tried to peer at Octavia’s cards surreptitiously and got a glare from the [Alchemist]. Someone whispered in Erin’s ear.
“Can’t do that. They’re watching the inn.”
Erin jumped. She turned, and a Drake with scars all over her face stared at her with huge, piercing eyes.
“Who—Tessa?”
Numbtongue and Ulvama nearly shot out of their seats with Octavia, but the Named Adventurer just stared at them and then pointed out the window.
“They’re watching the Goblins. And you. And the [Princess].”
Erin rolled over to the window and stared blankly out at the grasslands. She didn’t see much, just a lovely orange sheen on some of the grass. She could see the Blue Fruit grove from here, a Dinobird flying well out of Bird’s range, and one of the new villages under construction.
“Who’s watching? Or is that a general thing?”
The Named Adventurer pointed. Erin squinted.
“…Nope. I don’t see anything.”
“One second.”
Shriekblade popped the window open and clambered out. Erin saw her race across the ground and draw two daggers in her claws as she ran low, eyes fixed on—
“Aaaaaah!”
Erin jumped as someone wearing a camouflaging cloak that looked just like the grass leapt up and ran screaming. She caught sight of a spyglass, a terrified face—and then Tessa was walking back. She crawled through the window.
“Want me to stab everyone I see? I could kill them or just…stab them.”
“No. Thanks.”
Erin turned back to Ulvama and Numbtongue and saw both nodding appreciatively. She frowned; she hadn’t sensed the people outside, but they were well away from her inn. She turned back to the others.
“Wait a second, is that why Rags left so fast? She was afraid of being tailed?”
“Probably. You said she was smart.”
Ulvama poked Numbtongue, and he grouchily poked her back. Erin looked out the window at the High Passes looming beyond.
“But hold on—how will she come back? How will I speak to her?”
No one had an answer for that, and Erin looked around. The mission changed from being…recruit Goblins to something else.
Find a safe way to Goblinhome. Erin rubbed at her head.
“Why is everything so hard? I just want to send Rags one message without it being difficult. Numbtongue, could you get there if you were, like, invisible and we made sure no one was tailing you?”
The [Bard] considered this.
“Yes…but I don’t want to climb the High Passes alone. Sounds like a good way to get Eaten-Death.”
Erin’s face fell. She looked at Ulvama, and the [Shaman] stared back. Does it look like I’m going to go hiking, ever?
Erin gazed around, and someone waved a claw in her face.
“Me? I could go. No one finds me.”
Tessa stood to attention, and Erin blinked at the strange Named Adventurer. She hadn’t really said much more than she was here to guard Lyonette. Had Ilvriss sent her or…?
“You’d do that, Tessa? We can’t really pay—are we paying you?”
“Nope. But I’ll work for free. Just keep giving me Faerie Flowers. I can go now. It’ll only take two days if it’s not too high up.”
Erin looked back at Numbtongue. He eyed Tessa. Send a Named Adventurer to Goblinhome? Erin sighed.
“Yeah, don’t give me that look. I get it, I get it. Bad idea. Darn. Damn, even.”
Erin was rolling around in frustration, trying to come up with a good way of doing things. Goblinhome…that was another problem for the future, and unfortunately, even the wisest ghosts hadn’t had much input on Goblins.
