9.02
Page 17
The second game was quicker than the first. Erin played with one eye on the board, but she was eating, and her limbs were prone to getting tired with even that simple task. And she was reviewing their finances with Ishkr.
“No…I dunno how much we earn per night. We had a hundred and twenty guests back in the day, and if you sell them all a blue juice drink—”
“But Erin, we have our overhead. Food prices—you cannot offer them the same prices you offered Safry and Marian.”
“I know that. Let me think on who we could ask for [Chefs]. Um…how about Esthelm?”
“We tried. Ishkr’s interviewing them now, but we need many people on staff. If it’s anything like Celum and Invrisil—”
“But they know Antinium and Goblins.”
“So do Liscor’s citizens. And how many of them are working here?”
Gire could multitask too, but she was concentrating on the game. Erin was…good. It came out in the way she placed her pieces. Sometimes she thought, but she would place a piece for reasons Gire couldn’t understand until four moves proved how it really had been the best play.
Experience. Both Erin and Gire were playing fast, and that made it enjoyable for Mrsha, who hated the games where both players sat with serious faces and got really mad if Mrsha made a loud sound behind them. The [Paragon] played her absolute best and was very interested.
[Superiority Made Manifest] wasn’t working. Perhaps Erin wasn’t using any Skills? Gire was only too happy to make this a battle of wits and even happier that Erin was pressing her so hard. Then she took the second game.
“Hey, a win and a loss! That’s great! Normally you draw at a higher level.”
Erin smiled. Gire looked up, and Erin frowned.
“Guess I’ve got to try harder. Another game or are you bored?”
“It just took eight minutes. Mrsha, I’ll play with you later, okay?”
Mrsha sighed, but Numbtongue’s outraged voice rose.
“Who deleted my—”
Gottago! Mrsha ran off. The third game between Erin and Gire was fast; the [Innkeeper] upped her tempo to Gire’s fast play, without growing visibly upset or worried. It was a draw, and Gire smiled…and felt an odd sensation.
Hm? What’s this?
“Another game? Sorry, I won’t stop playing unless I have something to do. It’s fun for me.”
“Sure. Is everything okay, Miss Erin?”
“Oh, you know…I have to think about the future. What do I want The Wandering Inn to be? Can I hire people? I mean, that’s what we’re doing now, but I’ve thought about it. What do I want to do? I kept the inn running like normal because that’s all I wanted to do. All I could do back when he was first here. Those were crazy days. Back then, you had five naked Hobgoblins creeping around at night.”
Numbtongue slowed as Erin jerked a thumb at him. She grinned and kept playing as Gire felt the odd sensation again.
“So—is that a problem, Miss Erin?”
“Keeping the inn running? Check? Nope. Aw, you got me. I forfeit. Another game?”
The [Innkeeper] saw she’d made a critical misplay and scowled. Gire blinked at her, but reset the board. She was doing worse than against Venaz statistically, but what was that odd sensation she was feeling? It took her another two rapid games to figure out, and Erin was speaking the entire while.
“It’s a tricky thing. If you can do something, I mean. If you can’t, you just do your best. But if you have all the freedom in the world—what would The Wandering Inn do? Assuming you could make a difference.”
She glanced up, and Gireulashia remembered the sound the [Innkeeper] had made when she hammered a Mythical Quest into the walls of the guild. It was at odds with the casual player sitting here in front of her.
