9.02
Page 7
Uh oh. Erin Solstice froze as Tekshia walked forwards. The old [Spearmaster] was smiling, and the Guildmistress of the Adventurer’s Guild had a piece of paper in her claw.
“Uh—Tekshia! I’m so glad you’re here! I—please don’t stab anyone.”
Tekshia didn’t have her spear, but with bags of holding, you never knew. However, the old Drake just sighed as Erin rolled forwards.
“I’m not going to hurt you. So put your Hobgoblin away.”
She nodded at Numbtongue, who sat down with a grin. He liked old, tough people of any species. Tekshia handed Erin the slip of paper with a long stare.
“I am glad you seem well enough to cause trouble again. And in light of everything, I’m even willing to give you a pass for destroying my old Guild. It was in need of repairs anyways; the damned city was willing to move it around, but not give it a redesign, which it needed.”
She glanced around Erin’s inn.
“…Is this all Antinium work? I think I’ll be quite happy if Liscor’s Council advances some gold like they promised. Cheap building, and that [Architect] knows what a proper Guild should look like. Three or four floors, twice as large—completely redone. So just pay what the old one cost and I will happily let you in again. Destroy the second one and I’ll stab you.”
Erin smiled weakly, but all things considered, this was the most reasonable response, and from Tekshia, no less!
“I can do that, Tekshia. And believe me—I didn’t know it’d knock down the guild. So, um, how much is—yikes!”
Lyonette du Marquin did not like the sound of that. She peeked over Erin’s shoulder and blanched.
“Two thousand gold pieces?”
At Pisces’ table, all three Horns winced. For a Gold-rank adventurer, it wasn’t the worst price tag. You’d pay that for an expendable Wand of [Fireballs]. But then again…that was the cost of a wand that shot explosive balls of fire.
A Silver-rank team would scream at such a price. And an inn?
“That’s so much! Are you sure this is right?”
Erin was protesting to Tekshia, but the Drake just gave her a long look.
“It’s the price I came to for rebuilding a guild. Not a house. The average house in Liscor can cost a hundred gold coins, Erin.”
“A hundred? That’s so much!”
Erin understood that the average person could earn around a gold coin a week in Liscor. Tekshia shrugged.
“Once again, that is to build from the ground up. I imagine that Hexel can do it for a fraction, and it would cost more depending on where it is. Wood, for instance, is far too expensive here. But that is a house. My guild is in pieces. You caused it.”
“But doesn’t Liscor have, um, insurance? And the Council is going to help, right?”
Tekshia stared at Erin.
“What’s insurance? You mean rebuilding spells? No, we do not have that, and yes, Liscor’s Council has assigned me funds for rebuilding. Which I will use along with the money you owe me. If anything, I am not charging you as much as I could ask. Can you pay it now? If not, I will give you time…and add another thousand gold.”
She waited, eyes glinting. Erin was shaking her head, but Lyonette grabbed her arm.
“One second, Miss Tekshia?”
The Drake nodded, and Lyonette dragged Erin back to whisper to her.
“Erin.”
“I’m sorry, Lyonette! What are we—”
“Erin, we can pay that.”
The [Innkeeper] stopped.
“…We can?”
Lyonette was grimacing. But she glanced towards the [Garden of Sanctuary] where Mrsha and Gire were playing in blissful oblivion of adult fiscal responsibility.
“We have money in our safe. Exactly three thousand one hundred and twenty-four gold coins. Ninety-six silver, and four hundred and two copper coins, unless Ishkr took some out for use.”
