9.02
Page 5
“Found her in her shop. She forgets to eat.
“I do not! I just…delay my meals sometimes.”
“For days.”
The Hobgoblin eyed Gireulashia’s huge breakfast with respect and rubbed his claws together as another standard plate was put in front of him. He reached for a fork, and Ulvama snatched the plate.
“Yum.”
She walked off, and Numbtongue began to rise.
“Another plate for Numbtongue. Miss Ulvama! You can’t do that!”
Lyonette rose with a huge frown, but the [Shaman] turned. Archly, Ulvama stared at the [Princess].
“My food, now.”
“Yes, but that was his—”
The [Shaman] put a thumb on her chest then pointed at Mrsha.
“I save silly little girl.”
“Yes, but—”
“Good, good. Goodbye.”
And with that, the Hobgoblin walked off and went to the lounge to watch the scrying mirror over breakfast. Lyonette and Erin looked at each other. Erin leaned over to Mrsha.
“Is that normal?”
Numbtongue, scowling, was torn between going after Ulvama and starting a fight and decided to sit as another plate came out of the kitchen. Mrsha sighed and wrote on a notecard.
“That’s Ulvama. Very rude. And has big butt.”
Erin stared at the hallway and decided not to ask for elaboration. Lyonette puffed out her cheeks.
“Well—the nerve of her! We’ll put a stop to that once the inn opens. And speaking of which—I think today’s the day, don’t you, Erin?”
“Hm? Absolutely! I mean, uh, I’m still a bit slow with the wheelchair, but—”
Lyonette smiled at Erin and began to tie her hair back.
“Don’t you worry, Erin, I have it covered. You just…add in anything that’s helpful. But The Wandering Inn is back in business! We have to be, since we didn’t charge anyone for last night.”
“Ah. But it wasn’t much more than corn, and it was friends of the inn…”
The [Princess] sighed.
“Yes, yes, I know, Erin. But that’s why we need regulars. So! I’m going to make sure we’re all stocked up, and let’s say—open at lunch?”
“Yep, that’ll work. I’ll help. Mrsha, what are you going to do today?”
“Mrsha and I were hoping we could play in the [Garden of Sanctuary] again? And she’s going to show me some magic. Then, after that, we’re visiting Selys.”
“I—suppose that’s all very good. Just so long as you stay in the inn! And we’ll let Selys pick you up and send Dame Ushar with you.”
Lyonette approved the plans, and the two Gnoll girls ran off at once. Erin blinked at the Archmage’s We—
“Where did it go? She ate that?”
“Amazing.”
Numbtongue agreed, staring at the plate where only syrup remained. Lyonette closed her eyes a moment.
“…We have to open the inn soon.”
 
——
 
Money was not an issue for The Wandering Inn, but it was going to be. Not just because Gire ate like eight Mrshas—because she ate like that and didn’t pay for what she ate.
No one currently visiting The Wandering Inn did. Some, like the Horns, were long-standing guests, and it just hadn’t been brought up because it had been part of their tabs, which they repaid weekly.
Other guests? They didn’t have money.
Gothica, for instance, who’d come in this morning from who-knew-where, was happily eating a load of black eggs. Not Noelictus-eggs—she’d just asked for someone to add a bit of charcoal or something to make them look dark.
The same for Infinitypear, Ulvama, and even the Thronebearers. Lyonette knew it was tough, but she had to bring it up.
“Um. Erin. We have to charge them for their food.”
“What?”
Erin broke off from staring at the pot and frowned at Lyonette. The [Princess] frowned back.
“Not immediately and not for everything so far! But I am saying—we have to charge them for food. Or how long do you intend to keep feeding them?”
