9.02
Page 14
…Yes, even Apista could tell what was going to happen next. Gire finished the first level without dying once. She might have done so on a harder difficulty, but Mrsha snatched the computer back and set it to the hardest mode instantly.
Legendary. Gire played for six minutes without dying as Mrsha’s mouth opened wider in outrage.
She was good at the game! But she did die at last because she didn’t know where the enemies were coming from and the game was genuinely hard; Gire could only move as fast as the character in the game. Mrsha sighed—then looked up at Gire’s face.
It was shining with excitement.
“Mrsha, I lost! It’s hard! Did you see? Let me try again!”
Mrsha blinked up at Gire and saw not a trace of the smug, stupid Hobgoblin’s grin and the condescending pat on the head that Numbtongue gave her. Gire…was having fun.
So Mrsha sat up and began guiding Gire on advanced tactics, like knowing where the enemy was coming from. They were just high-fiving a victory that had ended with Gire dying spectacularly when Erin’s voice came from behind them.
“Damn you gravity! I’ll fight you!”
Both Gnolls turned around and saw a young woman trying to get up the hill with her wheelchair. It was not going well. Gire stood up, and she and Mrsha pushed Erin up the hill.
“Thanks, guys. Whatcha doing? Oh! Video games! What are you playing, Minesweeper? Oh, Halo.”
Erin pshed, much to the indignation of Mrsha and Gire.
“Oh yeah? Oh yeah? You think you’re great? How good are you, huh, huh?”
Erin pushed Mrsha’s face out of hers.
“Mrsha, it’s just not fun on a touchpad. You really need a mouse. I’ve played that game! You need a multiplayer thing. So both of you can play.”
Mrsha and Gire locked onto Erin’s words. Mrsha instantly sat on Erin’s lap and gave her a sweet smile.
Tell me more, wise and generous person.
Erin laughed and looked at Gire. The [Paragon] ducked her head.
“Hello, Miss Erin. Thank you for letting Mrsha play with me. I have lots of fun with her.”
“You’re here every day, right? Does your tribe want you? I mean, I’m glad you can come. Come every day! I’m just curious.”
Erin saw Gire hesitate and her face close off.
“I—they want me to go back. Most of them are still at the Meeting of Tribes, but Chieftain Feshi is there, and we’re…we’re reduced. I don’t know if Ekhtouch can rebuild. Fir—our Chieftain is gone. It’s too much to do. We should probably join Gaarh Marsh or Weatherfur or Wild Wastes. Plain’s Eye is gone, and a lot of tribes will probably ally or join together.”
Mrsha looked at Gire, and the big girl twiddled her thumbs.
“My tribe wants me to help, but I’m too young. I can’t—I just want to learn magic. I’m too young. Like Mrsha.”
She picked up Mrsha and put her on one shoulder. Erin stared up at the giant Gnoll.
“Well, yeah. That’s true. You’re really young, right? Even though you’re so tall.”
Had Gire ever told Erin that? The [Paragon] looked delighted that Erin had noticed.
“How can you tell?”
Erin laughed.
“Easy! Mrsha isn’t friends with old people. Even Relc—she doesn’t play with them like you.”
Mrsha nodded proudly from Gire’s shoulder. Old people got tired too fast!
Gireulashia was relieved that Erin wasn’t pressing her, however gently like Krshia or the others did. She sat down and began trying to figure out if they could play together on the same computer. Meanwhile, Erin watched, glancing towards where Lyonette and Ishkr were planning.
“I totally get it. I’m not good at planning for the future. It’s too much work. What can I do? It’s…that’s how I’ve felt.”
