9.02
Page 16
Gire pointed, and Mrsha stared at Erin’s hand. She only saw the empty air or a faint shimmer of…every hair stood up on her body.
Invisible fire. The [Innkeeper]’s flame of hatred did not engulf her, but it burned that coin. Burnt and burned—until she noticed the Gnolls looking at her.
The coin stopped melting. It began cooling, and Erin hurriedly tossed it from her hand.
“Uh oh—it’s probably—”
She aimed it at the pond, and it was very, very lucky that no fish or Fortress Beavers lived there anymore.
Because the explosion of steam and water blasted into the ceiling of the dome. Lyonette ran in with the Thronebearers.
“Erin! What did you do?”
“Um. Sorry.”
It was raining in the [Garden of Sanctuary]. Erin rolled over to the edge of the pond and stared down as Lyonette waved her arms. She saw a little glimmer down there.
“I’ll grab it, Miss Erin.”
“Don’t touch it.”
Erin stopped Gireulashia from diving in. Mrsha backed up too—her fur had gone up on end as she reached into the very depleted pond for it. Erin demanded a long-handled scooper and had to fumble for five minutes to pick it up herself, but she let no one else handle it.
It was a mangled, melted bit of mithril, dirty and nowhere near as fine as the coin. Just a lump of twisted metal. Lyonette stared at it as Erin made Mrsha promise never to touch it.
“Why not? Is it still hot?”
“Nope. Just warm. It’s just cursed. Or you could use it in a curse.”
The [Witch] said it so lightly. She put the bit of twisted metal away in one pocket as Lyonette threw up her hands, and Mrsha looked uncertainly at Erin. But the [Innkeeper] suddenly looked tired, and she gazed at Gire. Then into her reflection in the pond.
“…Yeah. I think I need a video game too. Mrsha, grab the laptop before the rain destroys it. Gire? Do you want to play a game of chess?”
Mrsha’s head turned, and Lyonette blinked as the [Paragon] innocently put her paws behind her back.
“Chess? I’m not very good at it.”
She lied to Erin’s face, and the [Innkeeper] smiled.
“That’s okay.”
 
——
 
Erin didn’t explain to the others what the explosion had been about, and it was a sign of The Wandering Inn’s state that no one who was a regular even really asked.
It did mean the four prospective candidates from Liscor who’d come in instantly told Ishkr they didn’t see themselves working out here, but at this point, Lyonette was already in happy despair.
As for Gireulashia, she was thinking.
She knew Erin was very, very good. So Mrsha had said, and if what Mrsha had implied was to be believed…
But Gire had also beaten Venaz in around half their games of chess. If anything, Gireulashia’s attitude towards the game was unlike Eldavin, Venaz, or Niers.
She was excited to lose. She only hoped Erin could deliver. The [Paragon] bounced in her seat as Erin brought out one of the many cheap chessboards, and they began to play.
“I think it’s lunch. Can I get a…food?”
Erin waved vaguely at the kitchen, and Lyonette sighed, but obliged her. The [Innkeeper] played Gire, and the [Paragon] began a calculated game, trying to feel Erin out.
She hadn’t made a habit of studying chess moves, but as Venaz had learned, Gire simply was able to think ahead and see obvious weaknesses. She was, as ever, the [Paragon] of Ekhtouch.
And she lost that first game soundly. Mrsha proudly sat up next to Erin as Gire smiled.
“Good game! Do you want to play again?”
“Yes, please!”
