9.02
Page 39
None from her grandmother. None from her teammates. None from Calvaron or…she blinked and passed a hand over her face.
“Oh. I see. Silly me.”
“I’m so sorry. I didn’t realize you thought—”
“No. I mean, yes. I’m relieved? I’m…”
The half-Elf looked at Erin.
“Just Gerial?”
“Just Gerial. There were millions, but I met so few of them. And there were terrible things there.”
Erin bowed her head. Ceria looked at her.
“Will we have to fight these things?”
The [Innkeeper] stared down at the grass and a little ladybug or something similar wending its way forwards. She looked up once and scared the half-Elf again.
“Someday. Yes.”
Ceria looked at Erin and then stood up. She wiped at her face again, but her tears were dry.
“I’ll have to…I’m going to have a lot of drinks tonight. But thank you, Erin. Thank you. Gerial did it, didn’t he?”
“I’m only here because he bought me time.”
Erin answered truthfully. Ceria turned.
“Good. You need to tell Calruz. I…thanks. We’ll sort out the rest as it comes. But I did hear you back in the inn this morning. Did you mean what you said about us not being able to do it?”
Erin squirmed in her chair, but Ceria just waited, and Erin nodded.
“Yep. Sorry.”
“Don’t be sorry. You’re being honest. I think I get why. I was at the Great Plains, and I saw those ghosts crack Izril. And they still lost. So. When the time comes, hopefully we’ll be ready.”
Ceria turned, and for a second, Erin thought she saw—but then the half-Elf smiled at her. She scratched at her head.
“I guess it’s time to get back to work. New lands await. Let me know if you find those Crossroads of Izril or get your magic door to go four thousand miles instead of four hundred. It’d be nice not to waste time travelling.”
Erin flapped her hands at Ceria.
“I’m not part of the new lands, Ceria. I have my hands full here.”
An exasperated look filled Ceria’s gaze. She rolled her eyes.
“Sure, whatever you say, Erin.”
“I mean it! I have nothing to do with the new lands! I don’t even know how you’d get there aside from that quest. Even the Gnolls I don’t have much to do with.”
“Mhm. And it’s a quiet inn life for you now as well?”
Erin flapped a hand at Ceria.
“Don’t be mean. I’m serious.”
“Yep. Say, look over there, Erin?”
Erin turned her head, and the Human and half-Elf stared at a quartet of people who’d begun walking their way from the city. They had either missed Ceria’s warning or didn’t care. Ceria raised one eyebrow as Erin hesitated.
“C—no.”
It was a Minotaur, but not Calruz. He had two arms and a greatsword made of green diamond on his back. The second was a [Lord], peering at Erin and Ceria. The third, a Dwarf with a hammer on his shoulder and gesturing at a Garuda flying overhead to come down and be polite. Ceria glanced at Erin.
“What about him?”
She didn’t mean any of the three male [Strategists] here. Erin Solstice bit her lip.
“…I’m working on it. I don’t know what to say, really. But—he’s not as crazy as they say, right? Mrsha exaggerates a lot of stuff, and Bird told me he’s a [Liar].”
For answer, the half-Elf just looked at her friend and started guffawing until a ladybug flew into her mouth. Then she swallowed it.
The four [Strategists] walked forwards hesitantly. They were supposed to be a group of six. But Feshi would never go back to the academy. The adventure they’d gone on—
It had led them here. And whilst they’d seen a lot of what happened, they were newcomers to a strange story.
But every piece had their role to play. However unwillingly. Venaz the Minotaur looked more apprehensive than he ever had in his life.
