9.02
Page 4
“Mrsha! Have you forgotten your manners while I’ve been away?”
Lyonette scolded, but gently. Mrsha couldn’t help but tap another rune.
“Yes!”
She and Gire giggled over Lyonette’s long sigh—despite only being three years older than Gire, she was the adult. Gire was a child.
She wanted to be a child. Children didn’t have to be Chieftains. A child didn’t kill her Chieftain.
 
——
 
Dark thoughts. They were running from things they’d done, some of them. Everyone was back—well, many people—but they’d changed. Gireulashia was not the only person who woke up with nightmares.
You just didn’t hear Pisces shouting because he was smart enough to [Silence] his rooms. She would have noticed anyways, but she didn’t have to.
A [Witch] could tell. Vaguely—but she was an [Innkeeper] too, and the classes were linked across some talents. Erin Solstice slowed as she wheeled through the [Garden of Sanctuary].
It was like a dark cloud over Gire—but it passed like the sun blooming as Mrsha offered her a bite of the decorative fruits on top of the Archmage of Syrup’s damned creation. That was good. They really did like each other.
Still, after the wonderful campfire and talks, Erin felt like today was a day for something. She brought the pot she’d filled last night and put it on the breakfast table. Mrsha reached for the top, and Erin stopped her.
“Not so fast, Mrsha. You’ll let it out!”
“Your…magic? I have breakfast, unless you want something else, Erin?”
Lyonette carefully reappeared, holding a more normal-sized pancake and egg and bacon breakfast.
“The good old American stuff is fine with me, Lyonette! Just like Mom used to make. Well, aside from the lack of blueberries. And, actually, it was my dad who made this breakfast. So exactly not like my mom used to make.”
Lyonette blinked at the references, but Erin just smiled, and she very deliberately thought—Shauna Solstice. Gregori Solstice.
She remembered them, and not just the fake memories of waking up. It was…hard to focus on them, like a name you kept forgetting. But because she knew why it was hard, Erin could pull the names and the memories out.
“Is this what you ate every day, Erin? No wonder you cook like, um…”
“If anyone brings up roasted corn today, I’m gonna shove this piece of bacon up…an ear.”
Erin waved a fork around dangerously. Gire and Mrsha were nudging each other, clearly daring one another to do it, and Ser Sest reappeared with a drink.
“Miss Solstice.”
“Thanks, Sest.”
The inn was weird. Thronebearers, all four of them, practically helped Lyonette into her seat and provided her with a more elegant meal of crepes. Which Mrsha instantly stole half of. And then the Horns came down to their table—well, all but Ceria. She was still snoring apparently.
The inn began to fill up with a few more guests. No Relc nor Klbkch, and Kevin had apparently gone back to Solar Cycles and never returned.
“Joseph?”
“Already out the door. He has to train Pallass’ football team.”
“I-Imani?”
“Timbor’s.”
“Uh—Hexel?”
“I think he didn’t sleep here. Maybe he was working late after he left the fire?”
Mrsha rolled her eyes as Lyonette answered Erin’s questions. But neither young woman noticed it. Erin gazed around the fairly empty inn just in time for Numbtongue to appear.
He was carrying a dead body. No—wait. It was just Octavia. The [Alchemist] only stirred from her zombie-like state when Numbtongue waved a bowl of porridge in front of her face.
“Numbtongue! And Bird! What are you doing with Octavia, Numbtongue?”
The Antinium wandered down in pursuit of breakfast as Numbtongue nodded at Erin. The [Bard] shrugged.
