9.03
Page 40
“…But they taste sweet.”
“Yep. Not like that’s cool or anything. Not like I just made some lovely candies that anyone can eat. I don’t see anyone else selling candy. See if I make you a candy cane come Christmas. I could even do cool shapes, but too bad it’s only slightly magical.”
Erin sulked as Mrsha patted her on the hand and glared at Bezale. The Minotauress closed her eyes.
“I’m sorry I don’t enjoy sweet things that much. Will they have more effects if you bury them in the ground for a while?”
The [Innkeeper] sighed.
“Nah, probably not. They’ll just restore more mana. They’re really just treats and stuff. I think it’ll sell? It’s a Wandering Inn-exclusive, though! Imani can’t make these without [Wondrous Fare].”
“Oh no, whatever will we do, dear? She’s running us out of business.”
Palt hugged Imani dramatically and planted a kiss on her head. Erin rolled her eyes, but everyone was chuckling in relief. Erin nodded as she noted the recipe down.
“Just ordinary mana candy restoratives. But you probably don’t get mana burn from these.”
Ceria slowly stopped chewing on her huge mouthful of candy. She narrowed her eyes. What, as in the conundrum of all [Mages] when you drank so many mana potions you were incapable of replenishing your magic without poisoning yourself? Bezale froze and turned back to Erin.
“…go on.”
 
——
 
The Wandering Inn was filled with cheers when Erin Solstice came out with the mana candies. Lyonette went around the tables, telling everyone that they’d be a regular on the menu in a week—and they’d keep for another week!
Maybe they wouldn’t be an adventurer’s new standby, especially since they would grow stale, but they were useful and the first of new magical foods. The Wandering Inn was back!
Erin Solstice was back, and people were marking her name down. Not in the same category as the Titan of Baleros, but if there was a map for people, not places, hers was on it. And The Wandering Inn got its own spot on regular maps.
Individuals in Izril and elsewhere that had never bothered to look into a few coincidences sat up and marked her name. They looked into her background and began factoring her into their plans. As an obstacle or ally. She could be either, and if she were an enemy—well, at least it was proven that she had a weakness to being shot.
Which, to be fair, was most people’s. However, the proof of this was in none other than the man who greeted Erin Solstice in front of all the tables he’d helped serve with Ishkr. He looked like a performer, an [Actor], and a [Waiter] all crossed together.
“Erin…this is…”
The [Innkeeper] had been cooking all day, so she’d barely left the kitchen. She blinked as the man offered her a bow.
“No way. Are you an [Innkeeper]? Like Timbor? You’re…high-level.”
“Miss Erin Solstice, my name is Barnethei, and I must apologize for the subterfuge earlier. I came to Liscor last week and did a tour of the city. My inn is The Adventurer’s Haven in the north. I wonder if Liscor has heard of it?”
Erin’s brows shot together. The Adventurer’s Haven? It sounded so…
“Erin, that’s the most famous inn in Izril! It’s up north, close to First Landing! This is—”
The highest-level [Innkeeper] in Izril. Or was he? Erin felt a similar level of—intensity from him. She felt he could do amazing things, and certainly, he could make dishes levitate, and she suspected that was only a drop in the bucket of his talents.
Yet he wasn’t more than her. In fact, Barnethei gave Erin a deep bow.
“I’m afraid your [Princess] is mistaken, Innkeeper Solstice.”
Lyonette started and looked around hurriedly.
“I’m not a—”
