9.03
Page 12
“Miss Solstice! We are accredited [Strategists] and students of the Titan! He instructed us to help you in any way possible.”
“Great. It’s just—you guys give me real Chaldion vibes. So, um. Thanks, but I’ll let you know.”
“Is that a compliment?”
Peki whispered to Merrik. He rolled his eyes.
“What do you think?”
“No…?”
Erin wanted to roll away, but Lyonette hissed in her ear.
“Erin, that’s Wil Kallinad of House Kallinad of Pheislant! Remember what we said this morning?”
The [Innkeeper] groaned. Before she could make a determination on whether or not she cut the [Strategists] into her learning about <Quests>, the door opened.
The bouncers at the door were still the Thronebearers, but they had been at least augmented by the two former Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings, Normen and Alcaz. They were letting in guests and the general public, because Lyonette had decided it was time to start earning money.
There wasn’t the same…rush that Normen vaguely remembered. Oh, there were a lot of lookie-loos who wanted to see what Erin was doing, but they bought snacks and drinks. Which saved Ishkr since the staff wasn’t there, true.
It was actually amazing that the [Head Server] was covering all the tables with Liska and Lyonette’s occasional help plus a few Antinium trainees. Still, that was because the guests were simpler in their desires.
Lyonette was wavering between helping Ishkr and persuading Erin not to flee. The [Strategists] weren’t making it any better—Venaz had pulled over Niers’ chess board and the [Message] scroll.
“The Titan of Baleros is available to talk, Miss Solstice.”
“Mm…okay. But am I?”
The Players of Celum might not be performing, but that was a good floor show, watching Venaz’s reactions. Lyonette found herself serving a Human whom she had never met before.
“Hello! I’m sorry about the slight delay—we’ve just reopened. But I can get your order to you right away. Are you new to Liscor?”
“I just came through that magical door from Invrisil. On holiday. I—oh, interesting. I think I’ll have a ‘blue fruit’ to start with, please. Everyone said that was the unique drink to get. Because it’s poisonous.”
“We make sure it’s not here, sir. And to eat?”
The man looked blankly at the menu.
“Pizza, hamburgers, ice cream, oh, even cake and…”
Lyonette smiled as he ran down the list of new foods—and those weren’t even the complex ones! Yet the finger went down the list of fine foods as well, and he frowned.
“—I think I’ll pass, thanks.”
“Huh?”
Lyonette did a double-take and wondered if she was looking at…an Earther? Another one? But this man was in his forties, and he looked very comfortable in his [Trader]’s vest and attire. He leaned back and patted his stomach and decided, no, he wasn’t hungry.
“Maybe some of your ‘Fireflake Fries’, then. I’ve eaten most of the new foods at other restaurants.”
“Y-you have?”
The [Princess] gave the Human man an uncomprehending stare, and he offered her a cheery smile.
“There’s pizza on option in almost every restaurant. Some of the dishes aren’t on your menu—wonderful spread. But I was just at The Drunken Gnoll, which is one of the eateries.”
Lyonette realized the problem instantly. Imani cooked for Timbor. And she, since The Wandering Inn was closed, had developed a name for herself as the food provider in the much more accessible, safe inn.
Worse? All of Erin’s foods had long since been stolen. The man saw Lyonette’s expression and hastened to reassure her—or try to.
