9.03
Page 39
Exasperated, she tried to wheel away, but Mrsha tugged her back. Erin grumbled.
“…Fine. How about some blueberries? Also, I need Sage’s Grass and, um…what else is magical? You know what, blue juice and Sage’s Grass might do. It’s not going to be the biggest thing ever, right? Get me more mana potion and…you know, it needs something else.”
“Dreamleaf extract? I’ve got—”
“Palt, I will stab you! How about some honey?”
Even then, the filled circular candies were missing something. A bit of the razzle-dazzle. Erin thought they were fairly magical, but even if they were far less involved than the Shards of Relief…she pursed her lips.
“It’s not magic-y enough. Octavia? How do you make something super-magical? Pisces? Ceria?”
Three of her friends looked up, and each replied with a different answer.
“Kill something even more magical and use its parts. Or soak it in magical bases for months.”
“Uh—put it in the center of a magical leyline of some kind? Or a small focusing ritual?”
“Bury it in a graveyard for a century?”
Erin looked at the three and pointed a finger.
“…Ceria. Ceria’s our person. Pisces too, sort of. Even Octavia.”
“Yay, me.”
The [Innkeeper] pointed at her [Garden of Sanctuary].
“What we’ll do is—we’ll bury these in a little jar. They’ll stay good, especially if it’s airtight. We just bury it around the Sage’s Grass and pull it out after a few days or a week or more. And tada, more magic! But these will probably do as prototypes. Wanna taste?”
She offered them around, and since they looked decent and nothing had gone boom this time, her guests all took one and thoughtfully chewed or bit it in half.
They were sweet pieces of sugar glass that had a bit more give than pure glass thanks to the gelatin. And if you decided you didn’t want to wait for them to dissolve, you’d get a burst of honey and blue juice in the center.
Delightfully sweet. Ceria put three in her mouth and got the ire of everyone else because that meant only seven were left. Mrsha sucked on hers happily. Yep, this was pretty good! Then she frowned and produced her wand. She made a big ball of [Light] appear.
“Mrsha! That’s wonderful! Did Gire teach you that?”
Mrsha nodded absently. She felt her hair lifting on end and then glanced at Erin. The [Innkeeper] waited.
“Well? Do you feel mana-full?”
“It’s like…a weak, weak, weak mana potion.”
Octavia chewed on hers thoughtfully. Erin beamed and clapped her hands together.
“Yes, exactly! I call it—mana balls! No, mana orbs! Orbs of mana! Mana…magic…”
“Mana Candies?”
Palt removed one from his mouth and decided this was the best mana potion he’d ever eaten. The regular mana potions? Sometimes he did think if he kicked up a ball of dirt and added it to the mana potion it would taste better.
Erin agreed. She explained to her test group the theory behind her Mana Candies.
“So what you do is you eat it. And it’ll slowly release mana, hence the shell. And inside is, like, more mana concentrated. I think kids’ll love it and [Mages] too. Best of all, it’s not the hardest thing to make, and I don’t need to gather stuff like for the Shards of Relief. What do you think, Bezale?”
Erin tried to include the Minotauress into the discussion since Montressa was gone and Bezale looked left out. That turned out to be a mistake. The [Spellscribe] folded her arms.
“…So it works exactly like a mana potion? Except it’s less potent, you have to wait a bit for them to fill you, and they’ll go bad unlike mana potions, which last a long time if the bottles are sealed.”
The reproachful look Erin gave Bezale made the Minotauress relent a bit.
