9.03
Page 16
Venaz whispered loudly in Wil’s ear as he took a game off Kiish. She might be a higher-level and more senior [Strategist], but there was no fiercer competition than in the academy. Wil grimaced.
“You think she’s pulling the same trick the Professor did?”
“Why not? It’s a cunning move.”
It would be, wouldn’t it? Erin turned her head and stuck out her tongue at Venaz.
“Rude! Hey, you, Minotaur guy.”
Altestiel and Niers replied at once.
“Minotaur? You mean Calruz?”
The Earl of Rains was a bit too innocent. As for Niers…
 
Niers: What is that idiot doing this time? 
Erin: I don’t recall writing anything about Venaz.
Niers: I may have an ear or two around.
Erin: You and everyone else.
Niers: I don’t make a habit of spying on my chess opponents. This is a rare case. The Earl of Rains is someone I’m acquainted with, actually. I hope I haven’t offended you.
Erin: Nah.
 
Venaz looked at Erin as she pointed a finger at him.
“Listen, Venaz. I don’t know you, and you don’t know me. You’re some big student from the Titan’s academy, right?”
“I am a [Strategist] of Minos studying in Elvallian, so you’re broadly correct. I trust I’m not offending you, Miss Solstice. I can be—abrasive, or so I’m told. I’m simply stating my mind. Feel free to correct me; mistakes are the foundation of learning.”
Venaz folded his arms cautiously. Erin gave him a blank look as she twisted in her seat.
“What am I, a teacher? I’m not your mom, either. I’m not playing either Altestiel or Niers against each other. Why would I do that?”
“Because you’d be certain of drawing or winning against at least one? It’s a clever move that some [Strategists] have even used in war.”
The Minotaur had an instant response ready. Erin just blinked at him.
“Yeah. But why would I do that? It doesn’t sound like fun. It’s just to make people look silly or teach them a lesson. Come over here if you want to watch, and you can see. I’m playing no one against each other. I’m beating both of them.”
She cracked her fingers as Venaz strode over. Both Altestiel and Niers were silent for a moment. Erin twisted her neck and winced as it popped.
“Whoo. Nothing like a good game of chess to get your mind moving. Check, Altestiel. Your move, Niers.”
The thing was that if she were writing and speaking at the same time—her opponents were arguably more distracted than she. And they had forgotten that when it came to chess, Erin was better than both of them.
The silence followed by the clacking of pieces was broken presently by Erin herself. She sighed.
“Yeah. I do owe you a big favor.”
Who was she addressing? All eyes swung to the stone and [Message] scroll as Erin covered her writing. She wrote something to Niers and spoke something completely different to Altestiel out loud.
“Altestiel, does Desonis need anything right now?”
He paused.
“Aside from more arable land, protection from monsters large and small, a talented generation, and three dozen enchanted, self-repairing fortresses? We have done fairly well as nations go, Erin. I’m not up-to-date on the minutiae, but we have no glaring issues at this time.”
Erin heard some chuckles from around the room at his response. She smiled and stared down at what she’d written:
 
Erin: I’ll definitely find a way to repay you.
Niers: There’s no need. As I said, I’m only sorry we couldn’t meet and that I didn’t do more. I hope we will be able to speak in person.
Erin: Sure thing. I’d like that too, but I have just one question I was hoping you could answer.
