9.03
Page 37
Foliana ignored him. She tasted the blood sauce and found it was savory. Then she nibbled at the piece of sugar glass. Then—took a big bite.
For all his bluster, even Niers winced at the first bite Three-Color Stalker took. Because even if she was a Named Adventurer and had been a [Gourmand]—she sliced up her mouth on the glass.
It hurt. But it was only faint cuts, not a sharp pain. Foliana chewed with a faint grimace, then felt something else tingling on her tongue.
The potion inside. It soothed the cuts, and the pain she’d braced herself for faded. It didn’t make the experience of chewing glass any less painful, but the entire treat was symbolic.
The pain was no fun, but it was what came after that made Foliana’s eyes widen and stop. Niers had a moment of panic, because he’d never seen that expression on Foliana’s face.
The gift had been watched from the moment it left Erin’s inn to now. There was no way it was poison or dangerous—unless Erin wanted them dead. But she wouldn’t…
Complacency. He had fallen for a trap, because he’d been blind once before. Niers croaked.
“[Healer]. [H—”
A paw gently shot out and stopped him from calling for help. The Titan breathed again as Foliana blinked. Then she swallowed.
“What was that? Foliana? What did it taste like?”
For answer, she showed him the card. At the bottom, Erin Solstice had written the name of her new treat. Her invention.
It wasn’t something she’d make much of. It was a very special, accidental bit of magical cooking. Frankly, not even sugar-loving Mrsha would enjoy hurting herself to complete the experience.
But what was the sensation you had when the potion kicked in? What…could Erin distill from that long picnic?
The emotions around her death, the quiet contemplation of all that had been done and sacrificed? She could have drawn many emotions from there. Contentment. Happiness. Grief, even uncertainty or satisfaction.
But what she’d pulled out of the explosion, what she’d decided to make for the wounded commander of the Forgotten Wing Company was something simple. It was written right there in the name:
 
Shards of Relief, from The Wandering Inn.
PS. Get well soon, Foliana! I’ve never met you, but you seem nice.
 
The Squirrel Beastkin reached for another piece of the snack and dipped it in the sauce before taking a bite. Niers stared up at her and, despite himself, couldn’t feel petty about that. He watched Foliana grimace as she ate the sharp treat.
“I know you like weird food, Foliana, but maybe save it for later? There’s no healing potion while you’re cursed.”
He saw her eyes flicker down to him. Foliana stuck out her tongue at Niers.
“Bleh. You can’t have one.”
“I wasn’t saying—just one would—hm?”
Foliana’s tongue was red. Probably from the sauce. But Niers frowned as he saw a distinct lack of the microcuts he was sure were in her mouth. And then his eyes narrowed as she tore open a second crystal and sipped from the nectar inside. Foliana sighed—and then her eyes sharpened. She stuck her tongue out another time, and he saw no cuts.
“Wait a second. Foliana…you’re cursed.”
She’d left a lot of blood, and the [Assassin] she’d failed to kill had kept her from healing from her wounds with curse magic. There was no way a healing potion, especially a low-grade one, would bypass those Skills or the hexes.
Yet Foliana stretched slightly and this time failed to tear open her stomach wound. In fact…she smacked her lips and turned her head to the door.
“Get me a big healing potion. Now.”
