9.03
Page 27
An old age thought long lost was coming again. Or was it a new age?
Both, perhaps. The bones of the old world had never truly been lost, but it had taken the sacrifice of thousands to reach this point.
The Waning World ends, and The Wandering Inn changes, leaving memories that become legend and flame. Flame fades, and even memory is old and dust when the next age rekindles the spark.
Erin Solstice was cooking again. Numbtongue sat like an old man next to the kitchen door. He had no beard, but he stroked Mrsha’s head as she rubbed her furry chin and told the others of the bygone era when Erin Solstice would actually put in effort and do her job.
“Shut up, you guys!”
Vexed, Erin threw a muffin out the kitchen, and it bounced off the dark contempt for the world that was Gothica’s aura. The [Innkeeper] turned her back and took a few more deep breaths.
“Okay. Thank-you gift. I can do this. It’s gotta be magical, and I’m ready.”
Her eyes narrowed, and then it occurred to Erin—she had no idea what she was going to make. Mrsha slapped her face, and Ulvama, watching with the rest of the audience, poked Numbtongue.
“Why this matter?”
“She makes good food. Sometimes. Magic food.”
“Heh.”
The [Shaman] gave Numbtongue a look of frank disbelief and walked off. However, the rest of the new guests to the inn, the ordinaries, were watching eagerly, like the [Trader], and Lyonette was calling for more snacks. This was the specialty of the inn, and she hoped Erin would live up to expectations.
The problem was, as Numbtongue hurried over to give Erin a pep-talk—Erin was poking a muffin she’d pulled out as inspiration.
“All I know is that Niers and Foliana like muffins. Or maybe she does? He’s, um, small.”
“A Fraerling.”
“Right, so should I make super-small…?”
Wil interrupted.
“The Titan can eat more than he weighs in food, Miss Erin. Tailor whatever you want to a normal person.”
Erin jumped and nodded. Kiish spoke loudly as well, elbowing Wil out of the way. She tried it on Peki and got a side-chop to the liver. Amazingly, Kiish still got the words out while holding her side.
“I’m sure…Earl Altestiel…wouldn’t mind anything you were going to make, Erin.”
The [Innkeeper] sighed. As if she didn’t have enough pressure on her back.
“Erin. Just put in effort.”
Numbtongue’s advice got the [Bard] a genuinely irritated glare, and he decided to tag in Imani instead. The [Chef] had hurried up to the inn the moment she’d heard, and Palt was trotting in with Bezale.
“Is it happening? We just galloped up here and…oh, hello. The [Strategists]. Cigar? I have some very fine stuff if you’re partial to…”
More watchers. And for once, Imani wasn’t the person Erin wanted to see. The [Chef] briskly looked around.
“Alright, Erin. Are you making more magical food? Let’s not make sludge. Do you actually know what you’re going to make?”
“I’m fine, Imani. I’ll just…feel it out.”
“That’s what you never do, Erin. You always have an idea of what you’re going to make, or a recipe.”
Exasperated, Imani looked at Erin, and she eyed the muffins.
“Let’s make some muffins. You can think of how to add your magic in. We’ll just start with…”
“Nope. Imani, I know you’re a great [Chef]. But I need backup, not, uh, direction. Because I’ve been doing training. While I was dead. And what I’ve learned is that my cooking style does work.”
Imani stopped and traded a glance of unease with Numbtongue, the [Strategists], who began to fear for their leader’s life, and Mrsha, who was now trying to take herself off the taste-tester list. Imani blew out her cheeks with exasperation and threw up her hands.
