9.03
Page 21
He left, and Fierre called the next client in. She was running down the same spiel when a letter addressed to her caught her eye.
She hadn’t been in contact aside from [Message] spells, and those were costly, so all this information that she’d had in her office was probably out-of-date and/or only good for someone who wanted all the past information.
But this—this was just addressed to her, so Fierre cracked it open with one finger and cursed. The nervous [Spy] jumped, but Fierre waved a hand.
“I’m sorry—personal information. Oh no. I’m going to be in trouble.”
“Bad news? Something that I should be concerned about?”
The worried Gnoll sniffed, but Fierre shook her head.
“Worse. Family.”
She checked the sun outside, but if it wasn’t too late—there was no way in heck she was turning down this much gold! She groaned and decided she’d make it up to them with something good to eat. Or fresh blood or something.
After all. It wouldn’t be hard to visit anymore.
 
——
 
Bird sat in his tower, humming. He was back to the basics. Shoot birds, eat birds, and probably poo birds at a later date, but even he didn’t see the resemblance anymore.
“I am Bird. And my life is back to normal now. There is nothing to be worried about. Cow.”
He sang, and the [Liar] realized he had truly advanced his class.
Because now he was lying to himself. Bird the Hunter aimed his bow at some dino-birds out of range and looked around the Floodplains.
“There are a lot of wagons. Much more than before. And less spiders. And I am so happy.”
“Bird.”
“The wind, it is so nice on my shell.”
“Bird, come down here.”
“I cannot hear anything but the sunshine on grass.”
Someone threw a rock at him. Bird ducked and peered out of his tower. He stared down at Klbkch, and the Slayer pointed.
“You are summoned to the Free Hive. The Queen is waiting. Xrn is waiting. I am waiting.”
Bird, who could form a Unitasis Network, the foundation of True Antinium, stared down at Klbkch. The Centenium could have leapt up there and grabbed Bird. Or hustled him down through the secret tunnels.
However, Bird had screamed the last time he’d done it, and Klbkch was wary of the wrath of Erin Solstice.
And all the spies watching him. Bird looked down at Klbkch.
“The Free Queen said if I ever returned I would be killed.”
“She has rescinded that order. Come down, Bird.”
“I have quit the Free Antinium. I am a free bird. You do not rule me.”
Klbkch twitched an antennae irritably.
“You cannot quit the Antinium, Bird.”
“Ksmvr did.”
“Ksmvr was exiled. There is a distinction.”
“Then I exile myself. La, la, I am Bird. I am going to play in the grass. And if you don’t like it, Miss Erin will be mean. Therefore, Klbkch, as Kevin says—”
Bird turned around and awkwardly bent forwards.
“Kiss my ass.”
He waited, then looked over his shoulder and dove down the stairs just before Klbkch threw a rock and cracked part of his tower. Bird popped back up and shot an arrow, but Klbkch could now catch them.
“This is why I need a ballista!”
 
——
 
The two Antinium fighting was a sight to see, even by the standards of Liscor. For outsiders? It was like a nightmare turning into a sock-puppet performance. Simultaneously hilarious, confusing, and terrifying.
“Mother. Am I sick or are those two Antinium throwing rocks at each other?”
Perhaps it was a touch of the vapors. It was entirely conceivable, especially because the entire family was garbed from head-to-toe in thick black wool, despite the daylight, and multiple layers at that.
