9.03
Page 9
Visma was in tears as Yesne apologized. Visma’s mother Selena, who was normally painting, scolded Visma as the girl held her claw up, showing her the wound.
“Why were you even playing with this? Your doll is murdering Seele? With a knife? Because she’s undead?”
Selena gave Gire a look that said that this was normal…and disturbed her as much as the [Paragon]. Which went to show that adults had poor memories of when they were children.
“Visma, I’m sorry.”
Yesne was in tears, and Mrsha patted her on the back with the others as she went to apologize. Visma sniffed.
“I forgive you, Yesne—but not Meera! She’s got to be put to death!”
The other children agreed. They looked to Gire, and the [Paragon] thought she had a handle on this situation now. She put herself into character and nodded, lifting her doll up. She cast one claw down.
“I, Lady Eisna, also move for summary execution. Meera will be, uh, strangled with silken cord at dawn.”
She felt like that was fairly reasonable; none of the children wanted to cut off their dolls’ heads even for the best roleplay. But Visma, Yesne, and Mrsha all looked up at Gire and then whispered amongst each other before shaking their heads.
“That’s so evil. Maybe Herna would forgive Meera after all, Visma.”
“I think so. Lady Eisna is too cruel.”
Too…? But she was trying to…Herna had just stabbed Seele to death! Gire looked at Mrsha, and the little girl sighed. Gire was way too into this. She made things too real.
Before they continued the tea party, though, Visma felt at her claw.
“Mother! I need a healing potion! I’m hurt!”
There were no bandages nor anything else needed in a regular household. Just a healing potion. However, Visma’s mother hesitated.
“Oh—Visma. It’s just a little poke in your scales.”
“Mommy!”
Visma looked outraged, but Selena just sighed.
“Healing potions are twice as expensive as they were a month ago, Visma, and the [Alchemist] told me they might get more costly. No is no. Maybe you’ll learn not to play with needles.”
“Mrsha, lend me your healing potion!”
The Gnoll girl obliged Visma with a drop in secret, but Gire’s ears prickled a bit. Potions were getting more expensive in Liscor? She wondered if the fall of the Plain’s Eye tribe and damage to the other tribes had contributed to that. They didn’t have many [Alchemists], but their people were both [Traders] and supplied herbs.
Then again, to Gire’s knowledge, healing potions were easy to manufacture. But perhaps it was also the demand of adventurers or the new businesses like Liscor Hunted. Or the army gobbling up supplies. And yes, the tea party went back to discussing Liscorian politics and voting in their new member. For Liscor was changing even in the world of dollhouses.
“You want to admit an Antinium and a Goblin into our circle? Are you mad?”
One of the girls parroted one of her dolls. Mrsha wrote furiously, and Visma read out loud.
“They’re both noblewomen! They’ll be—ooh! A female Prognugator who’s Xrn’s distantly-related half-cousin’s sister? And a Goblin Lady?”
“I’m not playing with Goblins!”
A Gnoll girl broke character and folded her arms. Mrsha glared. She was going to buy a Goblin doll—well, she’d have to get it custom-made—and an Antinium one too!
“Bina…”
Visma looked at the Gnoll girl, but the black-furred girl pointed at Mrsha.
“You can’t have a Goblin! Even if you have one in your inn—they’re bad!”
Mrsha bridled, but Visma had an idea.
“Bina, Bina! What if you got a Human doll? And then Mrsha could get her dolls? We’ll let more people in.”
