9.03
Page 19
It was rare to see a line of people in a place like this. A shadow slipped out of the crowd and stood, almost identical to the next passing man or woman.
You couldn’t have said, upon reflection, how tall this person was, if they were male, female, or what they were wearing aside from a trench-coat and pants.
They moved through the world as an observer, neither combatant nor defender, sympathizer nor antagonist.
They were here to watch and report. And they were…
“Excuse me. Is this the right spot?”
The next person to walk out of the crowd was a Drake—right up until she pulled the mask off and revealed a slightly sweaty Human woman’s face beneath. The first observer nearly leapt out of his skin.
“What? I’m not anyone you know. I must have taken the wrong—”
“Yep, you’re in line. [Informant]? [Spy]? [Observer]?”
The formerly-masked woman got into line as the generic watcher hesitated.
“[Infiltrator], actually. Not my specialty.”
“Oh, nice. Do you make your own masks?”
“Yep. Want to try this one on? It adjusts to your face.”
“Lovely.”
The door opened. The group of waiting people heard a voice as a figure flitted out, as quiet as a shadow under moonlight.
“Next?”
For a moment, the [Clandestine Observer] saw the enchanted steel door reveal a big shape. A Golem—steel.
“That’s big security for a new-timer.”
The [Infiltrator] muttered. The person ahead of the two who’d just arrived replied absently.
“She’s already nearly been killed once, apparently. And if she’s got the premium on information—she’ll have a target on her back.”
The [Clandestine Observer] felt at this point like the mystique and subterfuge of his class was being spoiled by standing in line and waiting for the door to open. He cleared his throat.
“I…was told this was the most reliable source. Do you know how long we must wait? I have clients demanding answers—now.”
“Don’t worry, the door’s opening every five to ten minutes at most. What’s your class?”
“I prefer not to say.”
The [Spy] or whomever it was ahead of the [Observer] rolled his eyes exasperatedly.
“Suit yourself. But you know, the blank-man routine gets you killed where I’m from. It stands out.”
Chuckles up and down the line as the [Observer] turned red. The others looked at him with transplanted magical eyes, artifacts, and in one case, a sniff that revealed everything a glance wouldn’t. A Dullahan woman with scars around a glowing bright, blue eye eyed the [Observer]. Her gaze saw everything.
“Red silk underpants? Classy.”
 
——
 
Fierre wondered what the laughter was about. But she didn’t have time to waste.
The [Chameleon Agent] who’d entered her shop didn’t like the Golem or being in line, and he was already blending in a bit with her floorboards as he stared at the desk.
It was covered with paper, and Fierre was sorting through it—a mountain of notes, missives slipped under her door, and correspondences. Even if she’d only been away a few months, she’d been sorting for nearly a week.
“Excuse me. Are you—”
“Opener, information broker—I don’t do fence work. I assume you’re here for the same thing as the rest?”
One eyebrow rose—Fierre tried not to roll her eyes.
Spooks like the people waiting for her help were all the same. Runners were pretentious sometimes, often in a hurry and impatient with it, but the covert groups who wanted information loved the cloak-and-dagger mystique.
“And what are the others here to learn about, if that’s free information?”
Fierre grabbed for a toppling stack of papers and glared at the person standing before her.
