9.03
Page 29
Ulvama, on the other hand, just gave Erin a nod, as if she’d passed some basic test. Erin was trying to put it into simpler terms for Mrsha.
“Okay, let’s say you have vegetable soup stock. You could make something super meaty out of it like you would with beef broth, but why would you when it clearly goes well as vegetable soup stock? It takes more effort, and in this case, you’ll get less soup.”
Numbtongue raised a hand.
“Is soup like magic?”
“It is for [Witches]. Doesn’t it make sense?”
It seemed a bit too simple, so Imani pushed Erin slightly.
“Okay, Erin. What are we making?”
“Um…something that can be made in a pan. Like this. I could transfer it, but I don’t really want to try. What’s nice to eat? Any ideas?”
The [Bard] lifted one eyebrow.
“Soup?”
He was kicked out of the kitchen. A thank-you gift was not soup, and soup was very hard to magically transport. Mrsha leapt around excitedly and held up a card.
“Sugar! Sweet things!”
“Ooh, good idea, Mrsha! Imani, now it’s your turn. What sugary things do you make in a pot?”
The [Chef] was having some novel cogitation here, because Erin was demanding something that was adjacent to cooking—but not quite. It was like playing a game of Scrabble rather than writing an essay; Imani had to run down a list of pot-based sweets.
“Er…melted sugar? As in, sugar glass? I was going to do some of that. Or a sauce or jam, but—”
Erin waved excitedly at Imani.
“Oh! Oh! That’s a great idea! Candy, or a lollipop! But I hate those, so maybe just a candy. Like…gemstones, yeah. Only edible. And I could fill them up with something tasty. You know what I’m talking about?”
All the Earthers had an image of the quintessential candy treat. Numbtongue just imagined eating sweet gemstones and hoped his teeth could handle it.
“Well, I can help you with that. Let’s get the ingredients out.”
Relieved at some direction, Imani began the basics for sugar glass. She didn’t know how to make the exact candies Erin wanted, but she’d done sugar glass for fun before. It was actually very simple, although they had no corn syrup or cream of tartar. Happily, Imani had a few Skills to make up for that.
“[Ingredients Stabilization]. Once we get it into liquid form, that will stop the sugar from becoming crystals. But it won’t have much beyond sugar, water, and whatever flavoring you want—Erin!”
They were making a bowl of sugar, water, and what Imani thought could substitute for cream of tartar—lemon juice. Erin had the pot heating on the stove under a mild flame, but she refused to open it to let ‘the good stuff’ out until they were ready to dump the ingredients in.
However, she had already begun to deviate from normal as she chopped up a piece of Sage’s Grass. Innocently, Erin sprinkled it in along with some sweet blue juice.
“What? Come on, Imani. This won’t hurt it.”
“Just—warn me before you throw something in! Once we make the sugar glass, what’s the plan?”
“A…muffin.”
Imani raised the spoon she was using to stir the mixture with dangerously. Erin waved her hands.
“No, listen! A sugar glass muffin! And then we fill it with batter or something nice. Doesn’t that sound cool?”
“It sounds like you’ll cut your mouth to pieces eating a hard shell and then a weird, underbaked interior.”
“Okay. Maybe lollipops or just regular candies. This is why you’re here, Imani.”
“I don’t want credit for this. Literally, don’t reference me in any part of the finished product.”
