9.03
Page 4
“There are…things I don’t want to think about. Or, y’know, do. I made a lot of promises, but some things—aren’t just hard, but listen, guys. Maybe I’m wrong. I mean—I’m just an [Innkeeper]. I don’t want to do something, um, like what Ryoka says she does. Rock the boat. But time travel and allies. So—what do you think?”
Surely if Ryoka Griffin were here, she’d understand Erin’s reluctance to make mistakes. In fact, Erin felt a lot more sympathy for Ryoka’s point of view.
Kevin and Numbtongue exchanged a long glance that Erin didn’t miss. The [Bard] frowned at Erin.
“You just said all that about time travel. Now you don’t want to do…what?”
She raised her hands defensively.
“Listen, Numbtongue. I don’t appreciate the attitude. What I’ve got is big stuff. Like that quest? I don’t want to make more trouble, especially now! After I just un-deaded myself! It’s like—let sleeping lions lie, you know? Let old potatoes…stay in the ground? There’s some kind of phrase, I’m sure!”
They had left the Earther rooms by now and were headed across the [Garden of Sanctuary]. Bird poked his head up from gathering blue fruits to help Ishkr.
“Do you mean…‘let buried Crelers lie’? I have heard this expression before.”
Numbtongue grunted.
“Stupid idea.”
“That’s not what I—Kevin, back me up!”
He shook his head, grinning. Bird walked over, concerned.
“Where are the Crelers, Erin? Why would you let them stay buried? Are there Adult Crelers?”
They rolled back into the common room of the inn, and Bird’s comment made a few figures tense at their table.
“What was that, Bird? Did you just say Adult Crelers?”
Yvlon cautiously put down her fork. Ceria sat up sharply, and Ksmvr reached for his swords as Pisces groaned. Erin waved her hands, but Bird answered calmly.
“Erin is letting Crelers stay buried. We are attempting to dissuade her from doing so. Even Jexishe the Friendly Creler should not be buried.”
Pisces’ lips moved soundlessly as he blinked at Bird. The worst part was that he wasn’t even lying yet. Erin threw up her hands.
“There are no Crelers! I’m just debating doing something. It might mean people get hurt and—and it’d be my fault! Plus, I don’t know if it’s a problem. We’ve had so much stuff happen…”
Numbtongue poked Erin in the side. She swatted at his finger. But then Bird poked her on the other side. The Goblin-gesture was even copied by Kevin. The Horns looked at each other, and all of them except for Yvlon got up and began poking Erin.
“Fine. I get it. Stop it! I’ll bite you!”
Red-faced and trying not to laugh, Erin glared around the table. She sighed. Work.
Here was the thing. She didn’t know what other-Erin had done. And the less Erin thought about her alternate-universe selves the better. But there was…well, just as Erin had said, knowing she needed to move meant that there were intelligent conclusions she could come to.
Things to do. And while Erin knew she wasn’t able to do a lot, there was a bit she could logic out. So—reluctantly—she asked for a favor.
“Kevin? I know you have, like, a lot of [Message] scrolls.”
“We can get Bezale to do one for you, Erin. Or me and Pisces can send a public one, just not private.”
Ceria assured Erin, but the [Innkeeper] shook her head. Kevin frowned.
“Yeah, I get a lot of contacts. Why?”
“Do you have…a speaking stone for, um, powerful nations?”
The owner of Solar Cycles scratched at his chin.
“Lots. Khelt, Ailendamus, two Great Companies, uh, Rhir has a funny one, and I’ve forgotten all their passwords—”
“All those nations?”
Pisces’ eyes bulged, but Kevin shook his head.
