9.03
Page 2
Then she left. Erin stared at Mrsha’s back and called out as Numbtongue ducked back into the kitchen and Bird pretended he didn’t exist.
“I see you doing this! I know! Don’t you think I know? I was dead! I…”
She caught herself as Lyonette led Mrsha out the door, telling her what a wonderful job she’d done. Calanfer’s [Princesses] did approve of a delicate touch and occasional hammer to the fingers, conversationally speaking.
Erin pushed her chair back from the table.
“I’ve been thinking about it. Really, I have. It’s just scary.”
Numbtongue decided to pull in with Bird as the second wave, just as planned. They flanked Erin at the table, and Numbtongue sat down with a huge slice of pizza.
“What’s harder? Telling people and making allies or getting shot? What is so hard?”
He looked challengingly at Erin as she blew out her cheeks. She inhaled, exhaled, sighed, and glanced at the door where she was sure the [Strategists] would soon be coming in. Time to get back to work indeed. And yes, they were right. Yes, she wanted to do it. She had promised.
Even so, she fixed the slightly grinning Hobgoblin with a stare that made his teeth click as he took a bite of pizza. And she revealed she had been thinking of the issue already.
“Time paradoxes.”
Bird scratched at his antennae. He stood back up, patted Numbtongue and Erin on the shoulders, and nodded.
“That is difficult. I withdraw my objections. Goodbye.”
Numbtongue looked at Erin with his mouth open slightly. Kevin raised his head from a table and stared at Erin over breakfast.
“Wht trr fkk. We’re going there?”
He swallowed hard. Erin nodded.
“Oh yeah. We’re already in one.”
The [Mechanic] rubbed at his hair. He pinched himself and looked around.
“Dude. You’d think we’d notice.”
 
——
 
Erin wasn’t a dummy. She might have been foolish, idiotic, and stupid at times, but she could remember.
And what she remembered was the future. Or at least—a few words from it. Which made her wonder about the consequences of her actions.
As she’d laid it out, it was simple, and she took Kevin and Numbtongue into the secret Earther rooms in her inn to show them.
The rooms had gone sort of unused during her death since the original group from Magnolia’s place didn’t need them as a repository of knowledge anymore. Numbtongue practiced music there alone, but Erin had repurposed one of the blackboards.
“I have it on good authority that it’s not a big time problem or we’d all be dead or breathing out our fingernails or something. I think.”
“Did you meet yourself?”
“Um…no. And I can’t tell you what happened because it’s probably really super-dangerous and—”
“That’s cool. I don’t really want more secrets or anyone else important breathing down my neck.”
“Me either.”
Kevin and Numbtongue fist-bumped, and Erin realized the two most laid-back members of the inn were the right call to introduce time paradoxes to. She took a breath.
“Okay. Here’s the thing. I might know about my future. Slightly! I did something, and I think I know what I did.”
Goblinfriend of Izril. Kevin nodded.
“Because it was obvious? Or the consequences came back, Terminator-style?”
“What’s that?”
Numbtongue poked Kevin. The young man grinned.
“Awesome movie. Movies. I’ll tell you about it later.”
“Ooh. Nice.”
“Guys.”
Erin waved her hands and showed them her project. She had ‘I become GF’ written on the chalkboard on one side and ‘I am Here’ on the other. Then she’d drawn a line and added a bunch of notes.
“Here’s the big event. It’s in the future, but not so far that I’m not too old.”
