9.03
Page 11
Erin Solstice took a breath, put the piece of parchment up, and watched as Ishkr bailed out a window. He landed in the grass, and Apista crawled out after him.
“Oh, come on, guys—”
“Aah! Wait! I must run! I do not want to fall to my death!”
Bird panicked in the tower, and Erin blew out her cheeks. She raised the hammer and concentrated. Everyone flinched as the hammer came up, and Erin struck the nail.
Tep.
The sound was so small only the Gnolls heard it, and Erin bent the nail sideways. She tried to recorrect, blinking, and hit her thumb.
“Argh! My thumb! Hey! What’s going on?”
Erin took a few more swings at the piece of paper and hammered the parchment into the wall a bit. Then she stared at the parchment. She tugged at it and it tore right off the nail. Erin poked at the ink and then looked up at her guests.
“…Uh oh.”
 
——
 
She didn’t post the quest. In fact, Erin was pretty sure she couldn’t post the quest. Which raised an interesting conundrum.
“What do you mean, you can’t post it?”
“I just can’t, Lyonette. It doesn’t feel like it’ll work. And you saw it. I can’t make it…click. Like, you know, I know all the requirements are there and it’ll work? Just like the <Basic Quests>. But this time, I feel like I could post it. It’s just not time yet.”
Lyonette looked helplessly at Kevin, and the young man scratched at his head.
“…The <Mythical Quest> is on cooldown. She probably can’t post one the day after the last one. That’s how things work in games.”
“Oh. But Erin could post a <Basic Quest> every hour!”
Erin was nodding. She sat at the table as the other guests tried not to listen in too obviously.
“Yeah, but that’s <Basic Quest>. I never tried <Rare Quest>, but I bet it’s at least a day. And then there’s <Heroic Quest> and then <Mythical Quest>. So…if that’s the case, how long do I have to wait?”
She felt a sudden sinking sensation in her chest. Because she’d just had a thought.
I have a lot of quests I want to post. She didn’t know if it was wise to post them all at once, and she’d been worried about that. Now, it occurred to Erin that the problem might not be if it was wise to hand out too many secrets or goals—maybe she wouldn’t be able to post them at all.
“How long do you think it would take for the <Mythical Quest> to…recharge?”
Lyonette looked at Kevin, and he had no answers. At this point, Venaz lifted his head up from his notebook.
“Let’s confirm a few details, Miss Solstice. There’s a ranking order, and I have it as Basic-Rare-Heroic-Mythical; is that the highest? Are there deviations within these ranks? How do you know about this palace of the Immortal Tyrant to post a quest for it or did Nerrhavia grant you that ability?”
Erin Solstice’s shoulders hunched, and she turned her head slowly. She’d almost forgotten about them.
Wil Kallinad, Peki of Pomle, Merrik Stoneshield, and Venaz of Hammerad.
“Oh, hey, guys. I didn’t see you come in.”
“Miss Solstice. I hope we’re not disturbing you?”
Wil gave her his most polite smile and bow from his seat. Venaz just stared until Merrik elbowed him.
“Ah—good morning, Miss Solstice. I was hoping to have a rematch of chess and then get your take on historical events of the last year. From your perspective. About these quests? I would be happy to explore any nuances of the phenomenon. I am—that is, we are the Titan’s finest students.”
The Minotaur gave Erin his winning smile, and Erin stared at it.
“…Nah. I’m good. Why don’t we continue this discussion in, um, the garden, guys?”
She looked at Lyonette, and Venaz stood up instantly, distressed.
