9.03
Page 10
The girls thought about this. One of them, who was fiddling with her worn Drake doll, raised a timid claw.
“C-could I get a new doll too? My birthday is coming up. But I don’t want a Human or Goblin or Antinium. I want…a Garuda.”
“Do they even sell Garuda dolls in Liscor?”
Visma was agog with the notion. Surely not! But the girl whispered confidentially to the others.
“They sell them in Pallass. I’ve got a reservation for tomorrow, and I’m going to get one made with real feathers! There’s one of Bevussa.”
“Oh, get one, get one! And I’ll get a Dullahan!”
“No fair! I want one!”
Visma stamped her foot and clapped her claws together loudly. She rallied the group as they turned to her.
“We’ll share! But we need to figure out what their names will be, and what their stories are—and who’s marrying whom! We need more dolls! Who has more?”
“Einne, the daughter of the Carpenter’s Guildmaster, has two dozen.”
“I hate Einne.”
“Let’s invite her. Come on, Yesne. We should get a Garuda, a Dullahan—and they can be the nobles from Pallass. Then they’ll come here, and the Goblin, um…falls in love with a Pallassian [General]!”
Everyone oohed at this stroke of brilliance. Another Visma classic. Gire rubbed at her head. She felt—instinctively—that maybe it was time to find Ekhtouch again. Mrsha was a great and wonderful friend. But…Gire decided first she’d finally talk to them and tell them to get a price count in other cities and tribes for healing potions. Then they needed to gather, but they should be establishing ties with other tribes, so she’d send a [Message] to Feshi first…
It wasn’t fun, but it beat playing with damn dolls.
 
——
 
Erin Solstice had a hammer, a nail, and a sheet of parchment.
Tekshia Shivertail had a spear.
“Stay away from my guild.”
It was being rebuilt, and Antinium were already working on the foundation—more advanced [Builders] under Hexel himself would finish once a framework was up. That was one of the newer systems in Liscor that allowed work for both groups.
“Aw, come on, Tekshia. I’ll just—I’m not gonna break it twice, and if I do, what’s left to break? Okay—okay! Don’t stab me. How about…the Watch House?”
“How about your inn?”
Erin ignored that. But she never made it to the Watch House, Liscor’s City Hall, or even the Mage’s Guild. A wall of [Guardsmen] blocked her, and a desperate [Mage] threw up a [Forcewall].
“You guys! Aw, man. Do I have to do my inn? I really don’t want to knock down my own walls.”
Even she was apprehensive as she wheeled back to her inn. Lyonette hesitated.
“Erin—if you think it’ll do any damage—don’t post that quest.”
“Fine, fine. I think I can stop it. Geeze, you make one guild fall down and everyone thinks you’ll do it again.”
A crowd followed Erin up the hill. She hadn’t said she was posting another <Quest>, but everyone could tell.
However, did they know what she’d said to Nerrhavia’s Fallen? No. Only the people in the inn knew, and while most were reporting to their friends or allies, you could argue people were still in denial.
As in, they said things like ‘yes, she posted a <Mythical Quest>, but so what? Other [Innkeepers] can do that. She’s an important [Innkeeper], but that’s all.’
The irrefutable proof was when Erin Solstice got a gift from the Titan of Baleros. When you began to add up the events she was involved in, or the rumors about her. Indeed—in the courts of Nerrhavia’s Fallen and to Yisame herself, the question was rapidly becoming not ‘who is Erin Solstice and why do I care?’, but ‘how can I talk to Erin Solstice?’
For she had something they wanted.
