9.03
Page 41
Mrsha, Numbtongue, and half the guests rolled their eyes. Yes, yes. Skip that part, would you?
The other [Innkeeper] nodded to Erin.
“I should be clear. I am a Level 41 [Vice Innkeeper]. I was sent here to see The Wandering Inn, and I am glad I did. It may be slightly understaffed—but I can see how it earned its reputation. I will report back to my boss.”
“Your boss?”
His eyes shone, and the [Innkeeper] nodded.
“I am her second-in-command. The Adventurer’s Haven is a large establishment. The highest-level [Innkeeper] on Izril is over Level 50. She was an adventurer of some acclaim back in the day. I was sent here to see Liscor’s finest. She will see you soon, Erin Solstice.”
He took a bow, and Erin Solstice saw him smile like a challenge. Competition? Lyonette looked at Ishkr and Numbtongue and Mrsha, and the Gnoll girl folded her arms.
Well then. Bring it on. Erin Solstice stopped Mrsha from offering Barnethei fisticuffs. She smiled uncomprehendingly.
“I’d—like to meet her. Is she going on vacation or something? We’re sort of far from First Landing, even by magic door.”
For answer, the [Vice Innkeeper] just smiled widely.
“Not to worry. We’ll come to you soon enough. It’s been a long time since The Adventurer’s Haven has gone far—but our inn moves.”
He saluted her and stepped out the door as Erin Solstice’s jaw dropped.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I hope you found this chapter salutary. I feel a bit—discombobulated. Which, I know, is not encouraging for the start of my writing month.
But in fairness, I just finished a 46,000 chapter for The Last Tide Pt. 2. And that was a fight. I actually took my break to recharge since it was so hard and I realized it wasn’t just burnout or fatigue—sometimes chapters are hard to write.
I had to go back to my roots, and outline heavily. Plan ahead—I think I had at least 7,000 words in my outline or more. I think it wasn’t bad what I got out, but big chapters are hard.
This one was more spontaneous, but I have been planning ahead for Volume 9, and so parts are ‘pre-written’. I know the scene. For instance, in this chapter I had actual parts of dialogue written around Erin making the Shards of Relief and mana candies. I knew that the Vampires were coming to Liscor, so I added that with no pre-written notes.
Planning is hard. Keeping secrets is hard. But you know what isn’t hard? Joining the sweepstakes for free merchandise. If you didn’t see the huge…obvious…picture at the top of the page, what were you doing? Hit the link, take a look, and join in! I’ll let you know more, but I’m excited to announce it.
That’s all from me for now. Thanks for reading, check out the giveaway, and vote in the Patreon poll! It should be up right with this chapter. See you next time! Hopefully no chipmunks. Did I tell you it came back? Pro tip for rodents: don’t hide in the dryer. It was…sad. That particular chipmunk will not be coming back.
 
 
Giveaway, Defenders of the Cave, Troll, and more by BoboPlushie!


Twitter: https://twitter.com/Bobo_Snofo
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/boboplushie


                                                                                 
 
Shh Erin, Gire and Mrsha, and Pie Relc by pkay!
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/peekay









                                
 
Tok by LeChatDemon!


DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/demoniccriminal
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/lechatdemon
Stash with all the TWI related art: https://sta.sh/222s6jxhlt0 



 

