9.03
Page 24
Himilt and Bamer were surprised by the efficiency of the [Guards] at the gates. He was worried for a second they’d ask him to remove his clothes, but they only asked for him and Bamer to remove their caps and scarfs, and unlike Fierre, they wouldn’t burn in the few seconds the Drake took to scan their faces against wanted lists.
“Are you already feeling the chill? Sick? I’d hope you go to a [Healer]’s rather than pass it around.”
“We just dress like this, sir. We’re [Farmers] from far north. About Reizmelt—we’ve come to Liscor to settle.”
That did get the Drake’s attention. He signaled to a Gnoll, who trotted off, and Himilt felt a warning prickle on his spine. But he kept his face smooth as the Drake nodded.
“More [Farmers]? That’s excellent. Well, you are free to enter. We do have rules about goods coming in and out, but the Merchant’s Guild has a list. Do you need directions anywhere?”
“Is there no Farmer’s Guild?”
Bamer frowned, and the Drake almost laughed, then caught himself.
“There hasn’t been enough [Farmers] in Liscor for a guild in ages. There are [Farmers], but they go through the Merchant’s Guild. They’ll have a list. It’s right past Shivertail’s Plaza. Head down this street, and you won’t miss the signs.”
“Thank you, sir. One more question—is the Adventurer’s Guild that way too?”
“Absolutely. Have you seen monsters…? Our Watch can take care of Rock Crabs and mark Shield Spider nests for destruction.”
“Not yet, sir. We find it’s best to know where the adventurers are.”
Bamer reassured the Drake, and the two headed into the city. All things considered, Himilt thought the Watch looked sharper than average. Gnolls and Drakes…
“I feel like I stick out even more here, Himilt.”
“Think of it like this, Bamer. Humans look more alike to non-Humans.”
“True. Ah…”
The slight exclamation was of surprise, because one of the first things the Vampires saw were a trio of huge Gnolls.
Gnolls were already tall, and Himilt was tall for a Human, so he was roughly equal to their height at six-foot-something. But these Gnolls were glossy-furred and giants among their own kind.
Even the other Gnolls turned to stare at the female Gnoll talking to the other two.
“…prices are that high in Zeres? Why?”
“We don’t know, Chieftain.”
“Don’t call me—then buy, um, two hundred.”
“Two hundred?”
“As much as you can afford with our people. Per city, and don’t go above three gold pieces per bottle.”
“Chieftain, the cost—”
“Do it. I’m your Chieftain—if prices are rising, we’ll bet they rise higher and add to the demand. If not? We’ll hold onto the potions and make a profit either way.”
“How?”
“The new frontier needs potions. Armies need potions. Just—buy them and stop arguing!”
Gireulashia snapped as Bamer and Himilt listened with their enhanced ears, which were almost as good as a Gnoll’s. Bamer nudged Himilt.
“I told you they looked higher. But we don’t need them as much…I wonder why? Mana potions were the same.”
“Probably a shipping shortage at sea. Step left. The strong metal.”
Both instantly moved across the street as a group of Gnolls passed by. They were polite and wouldn’t have crowded the two men, but even the proximity made Himilt’s skin crawl and Bamer sneeze.
“Damn. They were wearing pure silver. Are you sure this is wise?”
Himilt just shook his head. He was getting more and more reservations, but they had one sure check.
“Excuse me. Is this the Adventurer’s…Guild?”
