9.03
Page 17
Niers: Go ahead. If you have any questions, incidentally, or would like to test any <Quest> theories, let me know. I have some resources in Baleros, and the answers are worth most effort in and of themselves.
Erin: Thanks. How do you feel about Goblins? I was told you teleported a Goblin tribe to Baleros. What’s going to happen to them?
Niers: Give me a second to think about my answer.
 
Back to Nereshal’s warning and clues from the future. It was conceivable that Erin could have been known just as that [Innkeeper] who kept Goblins safe and treated them well. However…would some important [Mage]—no, arguably the most important [Mage] in all of the Blighted Kingdom know her at first sight from just that?
Erin thought she knew what she’d do. So she spoke out loud to Altestiel.
“Hey, Earl Altestiel. How cool is your [Queen]?”
Now there was a loaded question. The Earl hesitated.
“She can be completely asinine, which is not an expression of disloyalty, just personal preference. And she keeps entirely too many pets ar—hydras!”
It sounded like someone had just tossed a pet at him from the clatter and swearing. Then—Lyonette began sweating because it occurred to her that two major powers were probably listening into the casual chess games. She’d told Erin to make allies, make friends.
But even so—the [Innkeeper]’s eyes glinted as she stared out the window at the High Passes. It was a busy day today. Liscor was changing. And somewhere up in those mountains was Goblinhome. A place that at least Chaldion knew about, and which had kidnapped the Healer of Tenbault.
“So she’s sorta cool. Do you think she’d ever consider signing a petition or agreement around…well, I’m getting ahead of myself. I owe you a big debt for Kiish helping me. She’s great.”
Erin smiled at Kiish, and the [Strategist] looked gratified and surprised as she dipped her head. Erin turned back to the speaking stone.
“You said Desonis doesn’t lack for anything except for, like, a dozen magical fortresses. And stuff. I dunno about a dozen. But what about one? Might be sorta wet, though.”
“…What?”
“A magical fortress.”
“You mean the palace of—er—no, a magical fortress?”
“Yup. Not belonging to any [Tyrants]. Completely unrelated. I think. Would you like to have one?”
The [Innkeeper] was watching a very long paragraph being written on the scroll when Lyonette seized her arm. Venaz was waving a clear blue truth stone in the others’ faces and shouting in whispers.
“Erin!”
“Aw, come on, Lyonette. I’m doing what you wanted!”
Erin gave Lyonette a rare, genuine scowl. But the [Princess] drew her back, whispering urgently.
“Erin! You don’t give fortresses to [Earls]! It’s—historically—very dangerous!”
The young woman gave Lyonette a blank look.
“Okay, then I’ll tell Kiish. She can report to her [Queen] first, and Desonis can use it. But it’d be a load off my mind. And who else do I know in Terandria who needs, like, an entire fortress?”
The [Princess] hesitated and retorted.
“C-Calanfer?”
“Psh, you’re not going back to Calanfer.”
Erin waved that off. The Thronebearers in the room looked at Lyonette, and before she could respond, Visma broke in. The little Drake ran up.
“Miss Erin, do you know where a fortress is?”
Everyone waited on the response. Erin Solstice picked up Niers’ scroll and read what he’d written.
 
Niers: Chieftain Shaik of the Ghostly Hand tribe and most of her people are well. That was a strategic move, and as I think Numbtongue could tell you, I have a different perspective on Goblins. I’m aware they are intelligent, loyal, resourceful, and more. 
