9.03
Page 14
The young woman sighed. She put her head on the table and stared at the board where her game with Altestiel had begun. Then she saw Kiish, playing a ‘casual’ game with Wil as Venaz watched.
“—Lord of the Dance is also exceptionally glad you made a recovery, Erin. And as I said, if you need any help, Kiish is present to effect it until she leaves.”
“Hm? Oh—I don’t need—Lyonette, pinch me one more time and I will do something.”
Erin snapped and heard a laugh from Altestiel. She blushed, then looked down at the pieces they were playing with. She stared at the Earl’s speaking stone.
“Alright, alright. I get it. Lyonette? Grab something for me. One second, Altestiel?”
“Of course. Let me just ponder my move…”
He didn’t know what was going on, so the clacking sounds didn’t make sense to him, nor the scritch or muttering as Erin made Lyonette set the table up. Altestiel had to confer with Kiish, who looked over her shoulder and wrote a very fast reply.
A second chess board had appeared, and the magical pieces looked very familiar. Also—Erin was writing in a [Message] scroll.
 
Hey, is this thing working?
 
Oh snap. The dolls-playdate with Visma and her friends had ended at The Wandering Inn—so Mrsha could contribute some snacks and money to the new doll fund. Visma looked up from sipping from her cup of blue juice and stared at something far more fascinating than the life and times of the Wall Ladies of Liscor.
“Ah, Erin?”
“Oh, don’t mind me, Altestiel. Still your move.”
Erin pushed forwards a knight and wondered if she wouldn’t get a response. But then a piece moved against it, and she grinned. A line appeared on the [Message] scroll.
 
Hello, Erin. 
 
She froze only for a moment as Kiish glanced at the speaking stone and then at Erin’s quill.
 
Is this my mysterious chess opponent?
None other.
Erin: It’s me, I guess you knew that. Are you Niers Astoragon, the Titan of Baleros? Your students said you were, but I’m just checking.
Niers: That would be me, yes.
 
Erin’s only reaction was a slight outtake of breath. Then she moved a piece against Altestiel.
“Sorry, Altestiel. I’m just playing a second game here. What were you saying about the Lord of the Dance?”
“Who? I—oh, well—he’s an old friend. Famous, in his way. As I said, Desonis is doing quite well. I heard about your <Mythical Quests>. Is that new?”
“Yep. I’m trying to figure it out myself. I’ve got a lot of people who want to know everything, but guess what?”
“Er, what?”
“Turns out <Mythical Quests> have cooldowns, can you believe that? I’m worried it might be weeks or months before I can post another one. But hey—”
Erin reached for a cup of water, took a sip, and then looked around the inn. She stared at Venaz as he went to take a long drink and waited until the mug was halfway up.
“—I’ve got <Heroic Quests> for some stuff. And <Legendary Quests>.”
He began drowning on land. Erin winked at Lyonette. Is this what you wanted? Then she went back to writing.
 
Niers: I hope you didn’t find my gift too troublesome. I was at your inn, actually. I wanted to drop by unannounced, but I ran into some troubles of my own making.
Erin: I heard. Wars and, uh, a coup? No, wait, just a war because it was another Great Company, right?
Niers: A former one. It’s not resolved, but the crisis is over. I believe I have your people to thank, actually. I levelled up in the nick of time to gain an advantage. As for the rest—I’m sorry I wasn’t there when it mattered.
Erin: You did a lot. Really, I can’t believe it. Thank you. Is everything resolved?
