9.03
Page 30
Erin sighed, but she opened the lid of the pot and quickly dumped in the sugary water. She closed the lid as the pot began to warm the sugar glass mixture, and Imani objected again.
“Erin! It’ll boil way too fast with the lid on! You’ll burn it—you need to be stirring and watching the sugar glass constantly!”
The [Innkeeper] cursed.
“Darn, you sure? The good stuff needs to be in there! It’ll get out! Stay, stay—”
She spoke to the pot like it was a dog or something was inside and opened it to stir rapidly, then closed the lid. Imani closed her eyes.
“I—guess you could keep the lid closed, but keep checking! It needs to not heat up fast or it will caramelize. But it does need to get to—I don’t know the temperature. [Burn Protection]!”
She pointed at the pot, and Erin raised a hand.
“Alright! [Chef] and [Innkeeper] powers combined!”
She never got an answering high-five. Imani grabbed the spoon.
“Keep stirring. Are you going to taste-test it?”
“You have all these great ideas, Imani. Although…it’s a [Witch]’s brew.”
“So they don’t taste-test what they make?”
“Eh…it’s sorta risky. But hey, that’s what we have volunteers for, right, Numbtongue? Numbtongue?”
 
——
 
It was still fun to watch. Lyonette kept dashing into the kitchen to pull out plates because the guests had flipped on having a dinner.
“I’m so sorry we’re delayed, sir—”
Even with pre-made food, she was having trouble, but the [Trader] waved it off. He looked at Ishkr, balancing eight plates and scolding Liska as he took half the room. Lyonette was the one falling behind. She, like Erin, had no Skills in the field.
“Not at all. Is that a [Preservation] that makes the food so fresh?”
“Yes, exactly! A Wandering Inn specialty! We—I’m sorry, I have to go!”
The man watched as Lyonette sped off. There was no one at the bar, which meant people were waiting for drinks. A Drake leaned on the counter.
“I’ll have a Frost Dragon shot, no bones.”
“A…I’m sorry, one second. A what?”
Drassi was supposed to be the [Bartender], but she’d moved on to bigger and better things. Lyonette, flustered, began to call Ser Sest over, but the Thronebearers and Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings were occupied.
 
——
 
“Excuse me, Miss Erin.”
Ser Sest appeared at the kitchen window and nearly scared Imani and Erin to death. They were watching the sugar, which had come to a boil, cool. It was a very simple thing, making sugar glass.
Erin just made it so darn complicated. Imani leapt and grabbed for Erin—but the apologetic [Knight] simply grabbed a piece of air and began towing it away.
“You may wish to close the shutters.”
The air was yelping and turned into a shadowy figure with a mask on. Erin stared at Ser Sest.
“Wow, those Thronebearers are good.”
Wil Kallinad nodded appreciatively. There was a thump and a brief scream as Normen kicked someone trying to come through the second-story window. The rest of the clandestines decided infiltration was a bad idea.
And they couldn’t come through the front door, either, because Dame Ushar had some kind of ability that meant that the people waiting to get in she mostly admitted—except for every covert operative whom she would politely direct away.
The [Lord] of Pheislant murmured to the others.
“Never challenge a Thronebearer in court. Find him on the battlefield and beat him to death. I think that’s a saying I heard growing up from the Order of Seasons.”
Erin chortled and went back to checking her glass. It looked like it was cooling, but Imani was right.
“Let’s get a taste-test. We can cool down a little spoonful—it should just taste like sugar. Any volunteers?”
