9.03
Page 31
She inserted a spoon quickly and removed some syrupy liquid that was deep, clear blue. Apprehensively, everyone drew back, and a little girl writhed in pain.
Even Visma was afraid, but Mrsha looked at the spoon and saw free sugar. Free magic sugar. She weighed this against a burnt tongue or eating something bad and raised a paw. She closed her eyes as Erin let Palt blow cold air over the spoon, then Erin popped it into her mouth.
“Mrsha?”
 
——
 
In a moment like this, everyone stared at the little Gnoll, or the [Innkeeper], or the pot. Which was why, in Shriekblade’s experience, that was when you should drop from the ceiling and behead everyone.
Since that wasn’t what she wanted to do, she looked for anyone about to do that. The Named-rank Adventurer heard a commotion below her, but she was looking out for…well.
The people not even the Thronebearers or the Brothers could find. They were good bodyguards, and Tessa was no specialist. She was a [Rogue], but even the specialized Thronebearers could run into someone much higher-level than them.
If there was someone like that in the inn, that was whom Tessa hunted and killed.
She didn’t think there was, at least, not anyone she’d not already marked. Anyone around her level knew she was in the inn since she wasn’t trying to hide her presence that much. If they tried coming through the second floor window like an idiot, they knew they were risking their lives.
Still, she was trying to prove how valuable she was to the [Princess], so when Lyonette, panting, drew Ser Dalimont aside for a checkup on security, Tessa joined them.
“Only spies, Dalimont? No one high-level?”
“Not that we could find.”
“Me either.”
The Thronebearer nearly drew his sword, and Lyonette muffled a scream as Tessa appeared. As if they’d forgotten her. Well, she hadn’t moved for two days from her hiding spot. Just enjoyed being free of that nagging cloud in her head.
“Tessa! Adventurer Tessa—you’ve been watching? No one’s…come in?”
Lyonette had an eye on Ishkr and the bar. People were waiting for drinks, and Liska was messing them all up. She groaned, and Tessa shook her head.
“High-levels are easy for me to spot.”
“But if they have concealment—”
“I’m high-level. It’s easy for me. Saliss is obvious. He moves too well.”
Dalimont politely nodded, still watching Tessa. She shook her head.
“There’s a lot of Level 30’s in this inn. But I’m certain only three people are above Level 40, including me.”
“That’s a relief.”
Lyonette sighed and then frowned as she had a thought.
“Over Level 40? Is Saliss here?”
“No.”
“Chaldion? Grimalkin, Pelt?”
“Nope.”
“Then who…”
Erin Solstice was one. So was Tessa herself. Lyonette’s first thought was that one of the Horns or another adventurer had reached that lofty goal, or Kiish or the [Strategists], but Tessa thought that they were hovering below that capstone. There were other members of the inn’s family that were pushing Level 30.
She eyed Ser Dalimont.
“He’s sitting in the common room. He’s not hostile. You let him in.”
Dalimont paled.
“That’s impossible. Ushar would notice a [Spy], even Level 50, if they walked up to her—”
“Well. He’s not a spy.”
Lyonette spun towards the common room just in time to see someone stand up and move across the room. Tessa’s claw pointed out the [Trader] as he stepped over to the bar where the angry queue was haranguing Liska.
“No, a Frost Dragon shot. No bones! That means—”
