9.03
Page 8
Seele was not a nice Wall Lady. She was rich and had contributed largely to the Hectvallian war, but she had a dark past. A sordid love affair with ten of the other dolls who made up the doll-society the other girls had.
And…Mrsha glanced towards the door as someone knocked three times. The other ladies fell silent, and Seele rose to her feet.
“Who dares to disturb our most noble, fancy party? We are the only ladies of Liscor!”
The door swung open, and a familiar doll-person appeared. Seele gasped.
“You?”
The last doll was worn and a bit ragged, despite the mostly contained environment she had been in for months. The frozen temperature had not helped, and yet…the most precious doll, the little Gnoll, might not have had Seele’s dress, and she was frayed from much love over the years.
But Lady Herna Vissi of Liscor was back. Seele fell back against the cushions, pale-faced.
“You! I thought you were—”
“Dead?”
The other ladies backed against the walls as the other girls in Visma’s friend-circle watched. Visma put on the best sessions, and she had promised them the event of the year.
Herna stalked into the room as Visma brought her forwards. Gire watched, glancing at Mrsha’s enraptured expression as she nibbled nervously on a snack.
Gire…didn’t get it. She had expected gossip like talking about cute boys or something city-Drakes and Gnolls would do. She did not expect the dagger in Herna’s hand as she pointed at Seele.
“That’s right, Seele. You had me shot with crossbows and buried in the snow. But guess what?”
“You lived?”
Seele’s voice was trembling. The girls turned to Herna, and the Gnoll noblewoman laughed.
“I didn’t. I died…and I became undead. Now you will join me!”
Then she rushed forwards and began stabbing Seele in the heart. Visma was careful not to damage her dolls too badly, but she inserted the dagger in Seele’s heart and put Herna on the seat, facing the other dolls.
“Now, I believe it’s my turn to bring order to Liscor. What’s this about a war? And step carefully, ladies. Or you might be next.”
“You’ll never get away with this, Herna! You monster! Die!”
Another Drake girl, Yesne, broke in excitedly at this point. Visma scowled and whispered.
“Yesne! That’s not supposed to happen!”
“Lady Meera would never let undead live. Her father fought the Necromancer! Die!”
She grabbed the sharp little sewing needle, and Visma pulled her doll away.
“No, you can’t hurt her! She’s too strong!”
“Yes, I can!”
Instantly, the owners of the dolls began arguing over what should happen next as Visma protected her doll from Yesne, who jabbed angrily. Mrsha, who had borrowed one of Visma’s dolls and was debating getting one of her own, took Visma’s side.
Gire, quite overwhelmed, tried to stop the aggressive poking with two paws.
“Hey, maybe someone should call the Watch instead?”
All of the other girls gave her such a look that Gire wavered. However, then, caught up in the moment, Yesne lunged. Visma protected the head of Herna—and the sewing needle jabbed her hard in the center of her clawed hand.
“Mother!”
Visma wailed and ran as Yesne hid behind the others. She was bleeding from her claw! The needle was in fairly deep, and Mrsha and Gire tried to calm Visma down.
“It’s okay, Visma! It’s not in deep—just let me pull it out—”
Gire had the bloody needle as Visma’s mother rushed in and saw it.
“Visma! Did you take one of my sewing needles? What is this?”
The Drake girl sniffed as the appalled mother stared at the needle and took it away.
“It’s my dagger! No, give it back!”
