9.03
Page 18
My company used to employ them in numbers, and I knew Velan the Kind. So if you’re asking if I’ll trust or harbor them—I cannot. Not again, and not without proof what happened then won’t repeat itself.
Of the many mistakes I’ve ever made, the level of death and carnage he caused is perhaps the greatest. With that said, I’m willing to listen to what you might have to say. Do you know why Goblin Kings rampage against the world?
 
To that, she wrote a simple reply as he held his breath.
 
Erin: Not yet.
 
She looked up when Venaz burst out.
“Miss Solstice, are you actually implying you are intending to give away a fortress? Or that you know the location of one?”
The [Innkeeper] frowned at him.
“I’m just doing my thing, Venaz. I sorta get why Niers has this exasperated vibe with you. You know what your problem is? You’re not adaptable. You need to take lessons from him. Go with the flow more.”
She pointed at Kevin, and Venaz’s head cricked around. Erin clarified.
“I can’t just…give stuff away. But I wonder what kind of <Quest> it is. I don’t think it’s <Mythical>. So yes, I know things. Some of the stuff I know is out there sounds really cool, but we’re fine here, right guys?”
Erin looked around for agreement. Mrsha the Explorer of Fortresses looked up at Erin Solstice with the pain of someone too young to be responsibly allowed to explore for hidden treasure. As for Erin, she nodded to Lyonette.
“There’s not that many hidden fortresses in the ocean or whatever. And I agree, we need to be careful. But a thank-you?”
Her eyes twinkled as she turned back to the speaking stone.
“I’ll send you a letter via Courier, Altestiel. If you want one.”
“I—er—yes? That would be fairly—where?”
“Lemme write it down. Actually, I need a Courier, damn—”
“I know there’s Hawk in the city! I’ll get him.”
“No, me!”
Every guest in the inn was suddenly a Street Runner. Erin turned from the hesitating Altestiel to Kiish. She pointed to the [Garden of Sanctuary] and winked.
I’ll tell you later. Erin mouthed, and the [Strategist] blinked at the sly wink. Erin hoped Hawk might refuse this one. She didn’t think he wanted to be the one carrying a blank letter and dodging everyone across the continent.
Erin Solstice had two edges on the competition right now that no one else knew she had. The first? Her new class, which she had not explored but she knew.
[Witch]. Erin’s eyes flickered as she glanced at Mrsha, and the little Gnoll’s eyes went round. She realized what Erin was going to do.
Cooldown or not—you could make a <Quest> personal. You didn’t have to nail it to an inn at all. You only did that if you wanted attention. Erin winked at the Gnoll girl. Then she spoke to the inn.
“Alright, good chess games. I need some privacy to write that letter. Kiish, maybe you can tell me how I address it? In the garden. As for after that, no more chess, I’m afraid. I’ve got to do some cooking.”
“Cooking, you?”
Lyonette had to sit down as Erin rolled on past with a suddenly very helpful Mrsha pushing the chair. Erin nodded.
“I might, um, be out of gifts in a <Quest> sense. So I’ll send Niers some baked goods. I feel like that’s a nice gesture. Although…darn, I guess I can’t send it unless it’s by Courier, and that’ll take—”
“I’m fairly certain he’ll pay to have it teleported from Invrisil.”
Wil interrupted, and Erin blinked at him.
“That’s a lot of money. You sure?”
“I think—he’ll take it.”
Kiish stared at Erin, and between Altestiel and Niers, she couldn’t tell who’d won. Then she amended that thought.
Almost definitely—Erin Solstice.
 
——
 
