9.03
Page 28
“Erin—who cooks blindly and just tosses things into a recipe—”
“[Witches], Imani. Haven’t you seen their cauldrons?”
And there it was. Imani stopped, and Ulvama, napping as she balanced a drink and a straw on her chest while leaning back in a chair, cracked one eye open. Erin pulled something out and showed it to Imani.
“This is what I’m putting into what I’m making. I don’t know what it is—the form matters, but I know what’s going into it. This.”
It was her pot filled with emotions after the outside barbecue. Imani eyed it, because the lid was…vibrating slightly. She gulped.
“How do you cook with magic?”
Erin’s eyes twinkled.
“Don’t worry. I’ve had lessons from the best. You just help me figure out how to make something appetizing—I’ll handle the magic.”
She was rolling up her sleeves when it vaguely occurred to her that not once had the greatest coven of [Witches] in the world ever, remotely, in their timeless lessons of how to practice a [Witch]’s craft…ever suggested that what they made was tasty.
 
——
 
Magical cooking was still fascinating to the guests, so much so that Palt was mildly amplifying Erin’s voice as Lyonette and Ishkr struggled to keep up with demand.
Those two, because the few Workers had to be shown the ropes and Liska was…well, about Safry or Maran-level. However, everyone, even Lyonette, had a keen ear trained to Erin’s kitchen.
Before, she had used [Wondrous Fare] to make food, but it was clear Erin had no idea how it worked and was, rather like a mad scientist, tossing in magical foods and creating, with much trial and error, something that had a beneficial effect.
This time? She sounded like she knew what she was doing, and everyone was curious how you actually put magic into food. Even Octavia drooped into the inn, looking like she hadn’t slept in days.
“We’re making thank-you gifts, Imani. That’s important to keep in mind. Nothing for Altestiel, which I feel sorta bad about, but you can’t split targets.”
“Why not? Just make twice as much if it works…”
“No, no. That’s logical with food. Think magic. See this pot?”
Erin waved around the covered pot.
“This is in limited supply, and it’s like, um, Wyvern steak. We can’t waste it. Also, that’s why it’s a thank-you gift. Because this fits the theme.”
The pot was filled with all the emotions from that gathering. Imani was struggling to make sense of it, but she was taking mental notes, and Palt was pulling a Grimalkin as well. Both had the thought that maybe Erin was teaching them where their class might go if they continued levelling.
And if so, they were going to do a better job when it was their turn. So Imani nodded.
“Thank-you gift. It fits with…the emotion? Do you have to do that?”
Erin thought about the question and shook her head.
“I could turn it into something else. Something nasty, even. But that’d be a waste.”
“Why?”
Ulvama had come back, and the [Shaman] stared challengingly at Erin. The [Innkeeper] frowned at the Hob she didn’t really know and replied slowly.
“Because it’s contentment. Happiness. Relief…well, it’s not all nice. Some of it’s bitter or—it’s like a soup stock. It wants to be one thing. And I could turn it into something completely opposite like wrath because it is power, but I’d lose like…two-thirds since I don’t know what I’m doing.”
Oh. The [Mages] got it. Bezale murmured to Palt.
“Sounds like elemental magicore.”
The Centaur shuddered.
“Dead gods, I hope not. She’d kill all of us if it’s anywhere near that toxic.”
