9.03
Page 23
Not just the four members of his family minus Fierre. There were others of his kind who’d joined this long journey. And what a journey it had been.
They had set out from their ancestral estates, and it had sold a month into their trip. Four months of heading south across Izril was a fast pace if you weren’t a Courier. Of course, they hadn’t worried about [Bandits] and monsters as much.
They had sold their home. Sold the home Himilt’s great grand-parents had lived in, and they had been Vampires, so the place was old.
But it was poisoned, and for all every [Farmer], [Herder], and [Shepherd] within a hundred miles had said it was a tragedy and tried to talk them out of it—they had no idea the real reason the Lischelle-Drakle family had left.
The wells were bad. The water was bad. If they stayed—they died.
Here, in Liscor, was the first place Vampires were even considering moving to. And it might be they’d have to go further than that, maybe even leave the continent.
“…But here, there’s a chance. Let’s set up. Someone might notice us and come to greet everyone, so be normal. Bamer, you and I will go to Liscor and check on things.”
The others looked up as Himilt gave orders. He glanced at Colfa and felt a tightness in his stomach.
“…Don’t unpack too much.”
Bamer came with Himilt as they left the hilltop and headed back down to the road and to Liscor. They walked fast, but ‘normally’, and kept their conversation light.
Even so, both were worried. Not just because heading to Liscor would be an answer to whether they stayed.
“I’m told Fierre’s been seen in Invrisil. I think she just forgot to write you, Himilt. It turns out she hadn’t even been there, but in the south.”
“South? We’ll ask after her as soon as night falls. I’m not worried.”
Himilt lied. Bamer shook his head and coughed into his sleeve. It was a bad cough, too deep and loud by far, and he wiped at his mouth. His eyes glinted, and he looked up at Himilt.
“Don’t be. She’s true and free. More than anyone will ever be.”
That was all that could be safely said in the open. But it made them quicken their steps and head to Liscor’s gates. They avoided the inn, for now. The Antinium made Himilt’s skin prickle.
They were as foreign to Izril as Vampires had once been. Yet—he knew some of his people had marched south under Reinhart’s banner despite the risks. If they had come north, the Black Tide would have run into fang and claw and shadows in the night.
He wondered what they tasted like. But there was little desire to act on it there. That was just a habit.
His people had fought the Goblin King, too. When Terandrians made war on Izril, during the battle at the Bloodfields, sometimes, they fought.
They were part of Izril too, even if Izril had long since forgotten they remained. But the north was poisoned to them.
All because of one family. One house. Centuries, thousands of years of work turning Izril into a final trap, an execution by generations.
House Byres.
Himilt forced the emotions down as he walked and waited at the gates. A younger man…a younger Vampire would have had a different reaction to that news. A younger Himilt had far less to lose. Right now, he only craved getting his people out of a place where they’d continue to add poison into their veins.
Liscor…might be that place.
