9.03
Page 36
“Erin—it’s not even my best work—it’s probably stale!”
Octavia wrung her hands anxiously, but Erin insisted. The amount of healing potion was minute, anyways.
“That doesn’t matter, Octavia. The point is that the healing potion was used. And it saved your life, didn’t it, Numbtongue?”
“Got stabbed right here. Good stuff.”
He had given her the half-opened bottle he’d kept from the Meeting of Tribes. Erin barely used more than half of the remaining liquid, and then she looked at what she’d made.
The final thing was a two-fold package. Delicately wrapped splinters of exploded glass, light blue, sometimes so faint it was only visible as you held it up to the mirror, flecked with bits of ruby Sage’s Grass. Some were filled with glowing liquid, light orange or yellow speckled with bits of violet. Healing potion.
But you dipped and drizzled it with a crimson sauce that added to the glow, because it was slightly luminescent. A blood-sauce.
And all of it was sugary, it tasted good, but it was a confusing gift. Nevertheless, Erin sent it off with Wil, and the impatient Titan of Baleros had set it up so that he got it within twenty minutes from Erin finishing the product.
All the [Lord] had to do was get to the Mage’s Guild and let them teleport it. The [Mages] had been ready for the last half-hour; as he’d said, money was no object.
 
——
 
Numbtongue would have paid a lot to see Niers’ face when he received this thank-you present, as would all of his students.
Foliana didn’t have to pay as she saw the basket and jar of sauce, neatly tied together with a ribbon and a card, delivered into the Titan’s room. Niers blinked at the basket and then grabbed for the note.
“What’s…I, ah, it’s very interesting.”
Niers tried not to act like he knew what it was. He had tried not to peek, but he already knew what Erin had sent him. Even so—up close, he stared at a shard of glass as long as he was, and his lips moved when he read the instructions.
“…blood sauce? Does she think we eat people in Baleros?”
“Mm. Maybe it’s because you’re a warlord.”
“Shut it, Foliana. It’s—well, it’s unique. And I can’t say I’ve ever had anything like it before. Yes—extraordinary. And made with magic. I’ll need to cut pieces off. I don’t think I can actually eat it unless I want a mouthful of this sugar glass each time. But I’ll, um…”
The Fraerling paced around the basket, still reading from the card. He was trying to talk it up, Foliana could tell.
She was enjoying this, despite the hole in her stomach. The bandages were bloody again, and she was just glad she wasn’t stuck in the casket. She thought it was a stupid gift if it was intended to be romantic or even much of a thank-you gift.
That was, until she saw the Titan freeze, mid-step, and glance her way. Foliana’s nose twitched.
“What?”
“Nothing.”
“Give me the card.”
Niers tried to shield it, but Foliana reached over, felt some of her healing wounds tear, grimaced—and snatched the card. It was worth the pain. She stared at the writing, and then the most evil, diabolical smile appeared as she lowered it.
“It’s for me.”
Suddenly, it made sense. Niers blustered as Foliana reached for the gift.
“I’m sure Erin got it confused. She probably thought that since you’re technically my superior—Foliana, don’t you dare. It was addressed to—Foliana!”
She picked up the first bit of sugar and felt a prickle on her fingers. It cut into her fur even holding it gently. She dipped it into the blood.
“Mm. I eat blood sometimes. Favorite foods. You don’t.”
“I’ve bathed in the blood of my enemies. I’ll eat raw meat if I have to. Give me one.”
