9.03
Page 35
[Wondrous Fare]. She hadn’t had a plan other than ‘thank-you’ going into this. And as Imani said, that was always a bad idea. Now? Something she’d been told mixed with an idea in her head.
“I know how to salvage this. Hey—grab the pieces of glass! And don’t nibble it! It’s not done!”
Her guests looked at her and then scrambled into the garden to grab the rest before they fell. Pisces pointed and whisked the pieces out of the air around him.
Erin rolled past Imani, back to the kitchen.
“Sorry, Imani. I’m gonna ask you to sit this one out, okay? I’ll ask if I need help with how to make something. Is that okay?”
“Perfectly.”
The [Chef] answered faintly. Erin was looking around, frowning.
“We’ve got strawberries and raspberries, and I guess that’s what jam is. Tomatoes…nah. But what about those glowing red things?”
“Sweetberries? I have some in our kitchen.”
Palt started. Erin pointed at him.
“Get them! I need red! But not just red. It’s—darn. You can’t squeeze a steak. That’s gross, and it’s not good enough. Unless there’s, like, a super-rare on—what’s that?”
She stopped on her way across the inn and peered at something. A pair of men stared back.
“Hello. Do I know you?”
“No, Miss [Innkeeper]. That is—we’re new to Liscor, and we just stopped by—”
Fierre had the worst recommendations. Himilt tensed as Erin pointed to the jars they’d bought.
“What’s that?”
“Er—just—”
Bamer was sweating, but Erin peered at the jars.
“They’re blood. Hey, this is from the blood bank!”
“We’re using it as pest deterrents. To bait monsters and—”
“Can I have a jar? I’ll pay you back.”
The two Vampires, tensed and wary, looked at each other. Imani covered her mouth.
“Erin! You can’t be—”
Erin plucked a jar of blood up and gazed at it. Her eyes flickered, and she lifted a finger to her mouth.
“Imani, I appreciate it, but we’re not cooking in your world anymore. We’re doing witchcraft.”
Her eyes began to sparkle. She dipped the shard of glass in the jar of blood, and then it really did look like a dagger made of crystal, stained crimson. Say what you will—half the inn was horrified.
The other half? Gothica, Numbtongue, the Vampires, Shriekblade, and certain people with a predilection for the macabre?
They loved the aesthetic.
You should definitely make sure your blood wasn’t nasty. Bring it to a light boil, and yes, it probably ruined the blood-qualities for transfusion, especially if you mixed it with glowing sweetberries and a raspberry paste.
But that wasn’t the point. Erin added some purified water next and let the mixture boil down. Then she had to think.
A pile of super-sharp pieces of magical sugar glass was resting in a bowl. Her sweet blood sauce was closer to savory, but even if she packaged both, something was missing.
You’d bleed for a bite of this. If the sharp sugar didn’t get you, dipping it in the sauce meant blood would be spilled either way. But that wasn’t the theme of this dish. Pain was not. Erin had called upon all the power of that night outside, and it was still there.
What was it? Past the sharp bite of pain, unleashed in the explosion of magic…Erin smiled as she found it.
Some of the pieces of blown glass were hollow. They’d expanded in the explosion and had trapped air inside.
“I need a needle. Or something very fine.”
Apista offered her stinger. Numbtongue offered his sword. Erin decided not to use Pelt’s kitchen knife.
In the end, Erin put on a glove and used an ordinary, super-hot needle to poke a hole in the glass. Then she filled it up with a funnel and dropper from Stitchworks and sealed the hole by melting the glass together.
