9.03
Page 0

(What could this mean? Click here to learn about a free sweepstakes!)

 
 
 
 
It was time to get back to work. Vacations were never long enough, even, apparently, if you were dead. You just got more homework from ghosts.
In Erin’s case, she equated ‘work’ with stressful activities. The not-a-party had arguably been that, but dodging a bunch of [Strategists]’ pointed questions while staring at a chess board and a life-sized miniature of the Titan of Baleros?
That was work.
However, Erin was arguably the master of the blank stare, the uncomprehending ‘huh’, and the irreverent shrug. Ignorance was a weapon to be used like a club on Pisces-type characters. Erin didn’t think it would be hard to play some chess games, thank the [Strategists] for their help in the Meeting of Tribes war, and figure out the Niers situation later.
That was why she was so surprised when Mrsha took her aside with a big scowl and handed her a note. For multiple reasons, really.
Her poofy little Gnoll girl was sometimes a rascal, other times a mascot or, arguably, a helper, and when it mattered, she could be very sensitive and kind. Right now, Mrsha was extra-furry, most likely due to the fall creeping on—or a lack of combing her own fur.
…But was she bigger than Erin remembered? Yes, it felt like it. Mrsha had been a child you could carry around, hug, and even toss up. At…one point. Now? Erin felt like she might be more prone to hurting her back.
And when had Mrsha gotten so good at walking? In fact, she had put on that patterned kilt today and had, to Erin’s disbelief, clogs. That was to say, a laceless slip-on shoe made of leather. Generously adapted for Gnoll feet.
“Mrsha, what has gotten into you? Hold on—you want a word?”
Mrsha nodded emphatically and since Erin was already sitting, Mrsha joined her in her lap so Erin could read over her shoulder. She began writing, and Erin found herself reading in real-time.
“Good morning, Erin. I hope you are doing well today. I wanted to touch thrones with you vis-à-vis the [Strategist] situation. Before I get ahead of myself, I think breakfast was very good. Although I notice Lyonette has been cutting down on my syrup rations of late. I would like this rectified.”
“Wh…okay?”
Mrsha raised an eyebrow and scribbled harder.
“Okay? Is that a yes or a no?”
“Uh—yes?”
Instantly, Mrsha’s quill accelerated.
“Then you won’t mind if you sign this affidavit that ‘I, Erin Solstice, agree to a 50% increase in syrup for Mrsha each day, this cannot be revoked ever’? Sign here, ______.”
Erin stared at Mrsha. Then she delicately crossed out the proposed agreement.
“Nope. Nice try.”
“Rats.”
It struck the [Innkeeper] then, that, aside from the somewhat crinkled bit of parchment Mrsha was using and the rapid skritch-skritch of her quill, Erin was talking to Mrsha.
“Mrsha! You write so fast!”
The Gnoll girl sniffed in a Pisces-approximation.
“I leveled up! Everyone leveled from the Meeting of Tribes! I. Am. A. [Scribbler]!”
She slapped her chest proudly and then added another note.
“I write fast now. Also, I think I deserve a special cake for my new class.”
It turned out Mrsha had gained that class from her friendship with Satar Silverfang more than the actual battle, but her statement went for all the people who had been there. Erin realized she had more catching up to do.
“I’m so glad you can write, Mrsha! C’mere, you! Now we can talk, and you can tell me everything—”
She cuddled Mrsha until the girl squirmed out of her grip.
