9.04
Page 2
What if they suffered a calamity like Crelers? What if the Antinium won on Izril? Othius’ fears woke him gasping many nights. So he distracted himself with dreams of what might be once they won.
Now he wondered—what if the Blighted People, the most hardy, resourceful, and loyal, didn’t have to worry about Demon-level danger? What if the Blighted Kingdom, dependant on scraps from other nations, had a foothold, a colony which provided them food, arms, and more soldiers for the war?
He had long known that few nations would ever give actual land to his kingdom, and he was wary of making enemies and embroiling himself in politics. If other nations began to see his as the enemy or boycotted their tributes, his kingdom died. The only places Othius had ever thought to colonize were the sea—which even his kingdom was not able to do—the Great Desert of Chandrar, or the High Passes.
All highly dangerous, unlivable Death Zones. But now, Othius had seen with his own eyes a new land rising.
“One third the size of old Izril. Seafloor land—mixed with what some [Geomancers] believe is part of Izril’s underground.”
“Explain that last, Nereshal?”
Othius listened attentively in a private court as his trusted [Chronomancer] laid out the findings from preliminary teams. Obviously each nation was keeping what they knew close, but the Blighted Kingdom had eyes and ears everywhere.
They had to, in order to kill Demon [Diplomats] and [Spies] who spread lies and tried to find support abroad. It was a war that the Bighted Kingdom had long won in most corners of the world.
The [Chronomancer] still looked pale and unwell, despite it being nearly two weeks since he had had some kind of reaction to the Seamwalkers and Khelt’s war. Nereshal had speculated it was probably due to some kind of time-catastrophe, barely averted, which had struck the Dyed Lands on Baleros.
Othius was merely glad it hadn’t gotten worse. The [Chronomancer] gestured to the map roughly sketched out.
“Whatever those [Shamans] did, it wasn’t as crude as merely ‘lifting’ the seafloor up, Your Majesty. That might create a void or force them to move the very firmament of the earth. Instead, you could imagine they rolled part of the lands under Izril up, as well as raised the sea floor.”
“Yet they had to take the ground from somewhere. One cannot make soil—can you? Or were they at that level?”
That came from the far younger woman in the room. She was thirty-six years old, eight feet tall, and had lavender-purple hair, cropped short. It didn’t hide the scars on her face, from one running down her cheek to two on her neck and more on the rest of her body.
She was the Blighted Queen, Coretine the First, mother of Erille, and stepmother to Isodore, the two Blighted Princesses—the only two direct members of Othius’ family living.
Coretine was the third Blighted Queen that Othius had married. She could barely sit still for the hours-long briefings, and she kept her arms folded under her breasts while she leaned back in her chair.
Before he had married her, she had been one of the Blighted Kingdom’s [Generals] and had risen to that rank from fighting on the front lines. Coretine was—interesting. In many ways, she was much a stranger to Othius.
Oh, they had spoken longer than he had with anyone but Nereshal, and she was privy to almost all the Blighted Kingdom’s secrets. Coretine was the finest ally that Othius could wish for, and they had raised two children together.
