9.04
Page 10
…Probably because the last four lightning bolts had nearly blown him off the entire hill the palace was standing on. He pointed accustorially at a figure clinging to a tower high above Amerys.
“Even Gazi doesn’t trust your aim, Amerys. She could be down here.”
“I…need a good view.”
The half-Gazer called down to the others amidst the gale. She was indeed holding onto a tower from the roof’s ledge, shading her eyes and staring out into the distance. Her brown armor looked as plain as ever, but the crack in it drew Teresa’s eye each time.
Even so, the orange-skinned Gazer with her four-digited hands and sharp teeth was always alien to Teresa. Always…unnerving, because Gazi smiled so sinisterly. And of all the Seven, Trey liked her the most?
She had pushed him out of that tower for training. However, she was as wary of Amerys’ lightning as the other two, and Teresa didn’t blame Gazi.
Even the last member of the Seven, arguably the only one who was actually lightning-proof if she wore the right armor—or maybe even without—was staying out of this.
Out of the rain, too. Mars was sitting in a nearby stable. She’d found a hammock, set it up, and was watching in front of the scared horses. She lifted a piece of cheese on a toothpick and saluted the other four in the rain.
“You nearly got it this time, Orthenon! I believe in you!”
The scowl that everyone but the laughing Amerys gave the dry, snacking Mars didn’t deter the [Vanguard]. Today, she was a supermodel with fire-red tresses drifting down around her, wearing what might have been armor crossed with a bikini.
In short, the most unbelievable sight here. But that was Mars the Illusionist, and Teresa looked at her the least. Because everything you saw about Mars was a lie, her magic. Even her attitude—she was sometimes humble or casual, but then you saw her fight and remembered why out of all of them, even Flos, she was the highest-leveled.
Orthenon that Teresa had a crush on and learned from. Takhatres she liked and hung out with. Mars? Teresa wanted to be Mars in many ways. Someone who could change battlefields, challenge an army and walk away the victor.
However, Mars the Illusionist had no place in this activity, so Orthenon, still breathing hard, took his position in the space next to four other craters in the ground. He held up what he was carrying—
A spear. Not the same spear Fetohep had given him, an artifact, possibly a relic. Fetohep had demanded it back, and besides…this spear was deliberately cheap.
Plain. The spearhead might not have even been steel, but iron. Orthenon raised it overhead and called out.
“Ready!”
Amerys lazily floated sideways and nodded. Teresa felt the charge in the air with the others and tensed. The Archmage looked sideways, down at the Garuda.
“Takhatres?”
“Ready…don’t screw it up this time or I’ll quit.”
“Gazi?”
“Ready. My liege? Do you have confidence in this one?”
Gazi glanced over, and the Seven realized Flos was at the balcony. He laughed into the storm.
“Not at all! If Amerys misses—I’m going to duck! Try not to hit us, will you? I just healed from my last injury!”
They laughed at that. All of them, and Amerys laughed the loudest. She floated up there, and Teresa saw why Flos had lamented her absence.
Each one was a legend. Orthenon—without him, the kingdom fell to ruin. Gazi stopped the [Assassins] and [Saboteurs] that would have cut Flos’ return short in moments. Mars scared armies, and Takhatres and his tribe were the army that had held down the Empire of Sands and then the bulk of Nerrhavia’s Fallen by themselves.
