9.04
Page 5
“What would you say, then, Hayvon, if I told you we will send champions to break the new lands open, even impress other nations? Not our adventurers—indeed, those that level there may be swayed to our cause with gold and offers of employment. We will send only a handful, but they will return to the Blighted Kingdom as heroes. Or rather—even more the [Heroes] they already are.”
Aha. They got it. The council looked at the Blighted King.
“The children?”
Coretine was surprised. Hayvon—even more wary. Nereshal as well. He made a gesture unseen to the others, and Othius heard his whisper in his mind.
“Disloyalty, Your Majesty…”
Of course. The Blighted King slightly curled his first two fingers on his left hand, and Nereshal fell silent.
“Would…the relative safety of other nations not entice our [Heroes] from the necessarily bitter war here, Your Majesty?”
Someone else said what Nereshal was thinking more diplomatically. Othius shook his head.
“A handful will go, with escorts, and certain requirements of their character. The—interception—of the new generation of Earthers, for instance.”
The way he said that, instead of the summoning ritual, made the room pause a second. Othius continued.
“Geas spells. Magical contracts, for those who agree. I intend to send half of the first [Heroes]. As a reward for their service. The same for those who are suitably promising. Loyal Earthers, who will level higher and return to fight alongside their comrades here.”
“Ah, of course.”
Othius thought of Sir Richard as Hayvon nodded, relaxing at once. He would be a good candidate. Othius knew all too well how weary one could become of war. Richard would go. Or Emily.
Not both. The same for others, especially the new generation. Those with certain levels of loyalty or sympathy. By that token…
“And individuals like Sir Thomas, Your Majesty?”
Nereshal glanced at the Blighted King and saw that old face never move. Othius did not look his age, but he did sometimes think he seemed withered. Frail, certainly, but Nereshal’s magic kept his body young. He just seemed as though time had worn him down. Othius turned his head and murmured.
“Tom the [Clown] is—extraordinary. Unpredictable, a bane to our foes and his allies. He is far too much a [Hero] to ever leave Rhir.”
“…Of course, Your Majesty. Then shall we prepare lists of candidates?”
Othius lifted a ringed finger slightly.
“I have no interest in the selection. I shall leave it to Lord Hayvon, who has been with the new heroes most. My council, we shall draw up plans and waves of reinforcements today that we might expedite the colony onto shore. But I intend to announce the Blighted Kingdom’s efforts tomorrow on Wistram News Network. Within this hour—Admiral Veixl. Launch two warships crewed by our interception forces and the appropriate [Mages] to speed their progress. Have them maneuver to sea then speed up once out of sight of land.”
“As Your Majesty bids.”
And it was done. Othius sat back as Nereshal called for experts to begin the tasks of defining the second wave of ships, but the Blighted Kingdom moved fast. Three species might have landed first, but the other two warships would be sailing for Izril within half an hour if he was right. And more would come.
New land. He didn’t just want it to prove how his kingdom could flourish or create a backup to lean upon. New lands…he would take families who had earned it, take [Farmers] who had lived their lives fighting the worst Demons could unleash and let them be the third wave to settle the colony.
