9.04
Page 28
Az’kerash had to sit down. She was pointing out flaws in his reasoning he didn’t like.
“Hence your body.”
This was where all his instincts told him it was the worst idea possible. Yet Nerrhavia just smiled archly.
“It may take you some time to replicate Khelt’s ritual. The greatest ghosts worked with admittedly crude mortal intermediaries to transfer ghosts to bodies, but I have faith in your talents, Archmage Chandler. Not just myself. Allies can be mortal as well. You claim no interest in the new lands, but—how fare your Chosen not present here? Kerash?”
Az’kerash jumped. He glanced to the side and felt his connection with Kerash. The Gnoll was even visible on a scrying orb that Nerrhavia lightly watched.
“…just a bit further, Chieftain. If memory serves, it was around here.”
The Gnoll looked more vibrant than he ever had as Az’kerash’s servant. The Necromancer even felt like Kerash was—satisfied.
And he was leading a tribe of Gnolls after him. They were dubious, weary, and Az’kerash saw the despair and loss from the Meeting of Tribes on their faces. Yet they followed Kerash.
“They should…recover the buried treasure within a day. You disapprove?”
Nerrhavia had watched him hurry to bury said treasure and make it seem like all the artifacts and gold were aged a few years. Az’kerash had been sweating about that, but it was all in place. Kerash and the Lomost tribe, who had agreed to send representatives with him to recover the treasure he’d found, would recover a small fortune.
“Quite a bounty for the Gnolls. Which, of course, is all due to your Chosen Kerash. Your little puppets have also been rendering aid for them. Will Kerash lead them into the new world after he becomes a Chieftain?”
“I…intend his rise to be meteoric. This is merely the first step.”
Why was she switching to Kerash? Az’kerash had always intended this. Nerrhavia tilted her head.
“Of course, he will also help defend the Gnolls from those dreadful Drakes. Did I actually catch you sending a [Healer] with potions you funded when that tribe began getting sick? The adorable little Gnoll cubs were especially grateful.”
“—It all serves Kerash’s reputation.”
If the Necromancer had any sweat left in his glands—he was watching Kerash, not avoiding Nerrhavia’s gaze. The ghost pressed a hand against the barrier keeping her from the mortal world. She watched Az’kerash from the side and whispered.
“I was feared when I took power, but my position was not always safe. My subordinates had power far more direct than I, but I stayed in power for so long because I knew my courts. I could spot true treason, play my enemies against each other, and have those who wanted nothing more than my death act as loyal servants all their lives. Do you know what I see? Weakness. You quite enjoy playing the hero, Necromancer.”
He turned and fixed her with an undeathly glare. She gave him the gaze that had scorched Dragons.
“If what I do serves my ends—”
“Spare me. I am not blind, Necromancer. Allow me to simply warn you of something: you are not the first to go this way. We all have done this.”
“…Excuse me?”
Nerrhavia pretended to clean her nails on her dress. For once—she actually blushed faintly, her dark skin mottling.
“—It happens. I think most who find immortality go through a period of altruism. Even I, myself, mentored some individuals in my first three hundred years. Those I have spoken to recount the same—we try to amend our mortal follies. Do things over. I think all but Belavierr truly had times where they took it upon themselves to deny their natures. Or they had—champions.”
