9.04
Page 15
“We don’t have Drevish. It’s got to come from Amerys unless Mars wants to dig for eight days and nights?”
“Pass!”
“Flos, what’s this project about?”
The King of Destruction looked at Teresa and smiled, then included the Gnoll Chieftains in his confidence. And the listening Earthers, hovering in the background.
“I saw it as I was fighting across Belchan. Jecrass was one thing, but Hellios, Germina? Positively as poor as Reim. Stripped of what they had.”
“Civil wars after you fell asleep did that.”
Mars put in succinctly. Flos sighed deeply.
“Yes. But I hated to see it. At least Belchan had those academies that Amerys built! They produced some [Grand Mages], you know. At least one. She’s fighting with Parasol Stroll.”
“Really? I need to catch up.”
Amerys’ eyes brightened, and Flos nodded. Then he scowled again.
“Jecrass’ cities had a few improvements, what I saw of them. But I think…no, there’s no excuses. Reim was a jewel of Chandrar, and the twenty years I let it crumble are entirely upon me. But I looked north and thought that all our great architecture, the wonders of Chandrar—we did them in the nations I conquered later, didn’t we?”
The Seven looked at Flos, and he sighed.
“I suppose each nation did well enough when gold and artifacts flooded in. But my roads I built all over Chandrar’s eastern coast? Drevish’s landmarks, Tottenval’s gardens of plenty? I should have left a few here.”
Orthenon nodded once, but Takhatres disagreed.
“If you did, we’d have had to take a damn fortress that spat Yellat-shaped ballista bolts at us while the statues on the walls sang Chandrarian chants.”
Flos nearly snorted wine out his nose.
“…Yes, well, aside from that. I will not leave Reim penniless twice. But for Drevish…Amerys, you will get to fill his shoes. I need you to prioritize cost—I won’t beggar us, but think of what he made. Your pipes.”
“I need to design houses—streets? Absolutely not. I am a student of Wistram. Where in that description does ‘balancing costs’ seem to come in for you, Flos?”
Amerys was mildly horrified. The King of Destruction winced.
“Well, someone must do it, and Orthenon can only hire people he works with. Not design himself. If the Mad Ones were here—”
“Each house would have a bidet that shot water ten feet straight up.”
Gazi glared, lifting a finger.
“Takhatres—no, you’re right. Someone must, so Amerys should do it. You only need to do a single street.”
“I cannot. I don’t lay bricks, and I need to do everything with ordinary workers, not magic! Isn’t one of Drevish’s apprentices alive?”
“What, all two of them? His workers are, but no one survived his personality—”
The arguing Seven were something of a treat to watch for Trey. But then he was reminded things would be different, because someone raised her hand. And Elena spoke.
“Um. Excuse me. Can I speak?”
The King of Destruction and his Seven turned, and the Earthers drew back. But Elena only gazed cautiously at Flos until he smiled.
“Aha! Elena, isn’t it? Trey spoke of you. I was wondering if one of you would have the courage. Speak—you are guests of Reim. What you will be in the future, exactly, we will find out. But I consider you welcome guests. Hold nothing back. We know of Earth, and my trusted vassals and I harbor no secrets. Unlike Wistram.”
He spread his arms widely, and one of the Gnoll Chieftains nearly leapt out of his fur.
“You know about…?”
Flos stared innocently at the Gnoll.
“Did I not say? Ah, but the Gnolls know of Earth? We have much to talk about! Later—what did you wish to say, Miss Elena?”
