9.04
Page 17
Flos smiled, and George froze up. The King of Destruction peered at him, then patted him on the shoulder. He faced the others and spoke to his Seven and the twins.
“…That is what I will return to my people. It is time to take on Nerrhavia’s Fallen, but I want my vassals back. Amerys proves how sorely we lack for our specialists. The Mad Ones. I hear Loquea Dree and the Monks of Sottheim have both reawakened. We need the rest.”
“Those insane executioners and the horniest [Monks] in the world? Wonderful.”
Takhatres was as sarcastic as usual, and Trey wondered what he meant by that. But Flos had strode back over to the prototype map of Izril.
“Nevermind, nevermind. This ties into Amerys’ wants, my wants for improving my lands. For the war and everything. Look upon the new lands of Izril. What do you see, my Seven?”
They gazed at the map, and Mars stuck a hand up.
“…A butt? A cute one, though.”
Flos’ beaming smile turned into a scowl. Takhatres objected.
“Be civil, Mars. It looks like a boot, to me.”
“It could be a peach?”
Orthenon tried, and Flos glared around.
“I see opportunity.”
“For what, new lands? Every nation in the world wants that.”
Amerys was skeptical, and Flos snorted.
“New land…? Land, Amerys? What need have we of land? Have you not seen Chandrar? Look there!”
He strode to the balcony. The storm had ended, but they could still see the darkening landscape of Chandrar, stretching out into the distance. Flos pointed west and shouted.
“Yonder lies Zeikhal! The Great Desert! In Hellios, Germina, Jecrass especially—I see altogether too much land! We do not need more. People to fill the land, riches for comfort—that is what we need. Resources, perhaps, but if I ever lack for room, I will fill Zeikhal first before Izril!”
He turned away from the balcony and stormed back over. He was excited, and his green eyes were lit up.
“No, I don’t crave land, Amerys. Just think—the new land is filled with adventure! That is romance. If I was not a [King], I would be exploring it now. Even from the outskirts, there are broken cities and, doubtless, dungeons and unearthed secrets. I crave that. Artifacts—no—discoveries of a lifetime. Weapons and spellbooks to take us beyond our opponents, or secrets such as those quests being posted by our [Innkeeper] of some renown.”
He gave Gazi a significant look, and she gave him a half-smile, slightly bitter. Trey recalled the famous young woman who had blinded Gazi.
Erin Solstice. Flos clenched one fist, frustrated.
“To pick her mind about the other quests…! But no, we are sadly an ocean away, and our authority is weak on Izril. Yet I will not pass this opportunity by. I am minded to create an expeditionary force in our own right.”
“They’d be slaughtered before they touch shore.”
Takhatres objected, and Flos waved a finger at him.
“Only if anyone knows they hail from Reim. I predict…a rush. Trey, you had thoughts on this entire event. Repeat what you said to me, and chime in, you others.”
He motioned Trey forwards, and he was conscious of every eye on him as he spoke.
“It’s not the same, but it reminds me of the Scramble for Africa. Or the rush for the west in America. Lots of nations trying to claim land—in this case, it’s actually uninhabited.”
“It belongs to our people. But you are right—who is respecting that?”
One of the Gnolls growled unhappily. Flos turned and strode over.
