9.04
Page 33
“Alive. He killed Zel Shivertail, and unless we do something, I believe he may ally with the Antinium and turn the south of Izril into a charnel house. It was my goal to destroy him prior to arriving at Wistram, but I don’t have the power after battling Great General Dionamella. I’ve elected to tell you first, and obviously this is a secret; if he knows we’re onto him, he’ll go to ground, and he must die.”
“You knew before—how long have you known?”
Eldavin calmly answered Feor, and Viltach realized they’d lost control of the conversation. He almost didn’t care. He just sat back and listened as Eldavin explained in brief his knowledge of Az’kerash.
“…I knew because I hired Ryoka Griffin to look into the matter. She escaped the Necromancer, hence our association.”
It was impossible to tell if he were lying; truth spells just bounced off anyone of their level, but it all made sense. Viltach’s blood chilled, but he looked at Eldavin with almost a hint of respect.
“You thought you could take down the Necromancer by yourself, Archmage Eldavin?”
The half-Elf gave Viltach a guilty smile that reminded Viltach of the custom wand he’d been gifted.
“Well, I did have a high opinion of my battle abilities, as you may have seen. I’ve been humbled, well and truly. But I think it’s clear that the Necromancer is Wistram’s greatest threat, and I hope you can all work together in helping me bring him down.”
“Wait. Just wait, Eldavin. The Necromancer…is a true danger. To Wistram especially, since he was one of us. But surely—the King of Destruction is worse. Amerys is free.”
And she held grudges. Verdan looked afraid, but Eldavin shook his head.
“The King of Destruction is…not an issue to me.”
“What?”
The Archmages were incredulous, but Eldavin steepled his fingers calmly.
“He is just a man. A [King] with some high-level vassals, but he is, compared to Az’kerash, a minnow before a shark. High-level individuals like the Necromancer are the greatest threat to the world.”
His eyes flickered.
“Naturally, that count includes Ailendamus in an existential way, but I’d put the Necromancer and the Demons of Rhir as our greatest threats.”
Of course, he wasn’t wrong, but Viltach was amazed. He had no love for Chandrar, but the King of Destruction…
“What if the King of Destruction takes over Chandrar?”
“He can try. But he has a lot to conquer, and it is my belief he will run into obstacles beyond merely Wistram, Feor. I want us to focus on matters Wistram can deal with. We’re not an army. But we can take down one spellcaster if we perfect our actions. Let me put it another way—I am open to dealing with all threats to world peace, but shall we agree the Necromancer is a good first target?”
Eldavin looked about, and he didn’t get much pushback there. He nodded to Viltach and smiled about.
“We need to bring Wistram higher, Archmages. More lessons, repairs after the chaos the King of Destruction wrought…Terras is coming back to the academy, and I intend to make this a true renaissance of magic.”
With you at the head? The Archmages looked at each other and tried to object. Feor smiled at Eldavin like his face hurt.
“We will listen to your input on Wistram’s future, Archmage Eldavin, but this is a meeting of equals. We must align our interests.”
He stressed the word and waited for Viltach to back him up. Then he realized Viltach was smiling at Eldavin, and Feor looked at Verdan and saw the old Archmage of Baleros looked pale, rattled by the news.
The alliance of three began to collapse as Eldavin nodded at Viltach.
