9.04
Page 26
“Oh, pardon me. I forgot I was dead. Millenia of death where I craved naught but to touch and taste one last time. And you—I am sure—have never imbibed any pleasures for the undead. You are, of course, correct to lecture me.”
The Necromancer stared at Nerrhavia. His agile mind thought of a dozen responses, then it asked a salient question.
What was he doing? They weren’t talking about necromancy secrets, plans for the future, or anything else. He had spent three days arguing with Nerrhavia over whether or not she deserved drinks.
He…hesitated, but he had literally gotten nothing out of her. So the Necromancer made his mistake.
He raised a hand and floated a decanter of the ghostly liquid into her ‘cell’. It passed through the containment magic, and Nerrhavia snatched it out of the air. Thus, Az’kerash sealed his fate.
“I shall require a cup. Naturally.”
And that’s how he found himself getting her a cup. And once you’d played servant to a ghost…
The Necromancer actually stood outside his rooms with a cup in hand, staring at it. He heard the cloth titan dying in the background.
He could smash the cup, but if he did, he’d be arguing with her another day. Slowly, Az’kerash closed his eyes.
When he entered the room, he was ready to engulf her in a prison of silence and the void rather than put up with one more petty request. However, Nerrhavia accepted the cup as it floated into her enclosure and then steepled her fingers.
“I suppose I shall make do with entertainment later. To business once more. Do you intend to find the Crossroads of Izril? It would be a potent boon to secure access—although I cannot imagine you will be able to restrict it. There are copious treasures in these lands raised by Gnolls.”
And suddenly she was talking sense. As if she could tell exactly how far he’d be pushed before he snapped. Az’kerash twisted his mouth.
“I do not believe the new lands have much to offer me. Neither land nor most artifacts are beyond my means.”
“Really? You may be surprised at what lies buried. Even at the height of my power, some of my greatest treasures were found, not created. Seithbone, incidentally, is far denser than regular bone. Unlike regular bone, [Necromancers] described it as akin to coral; it acts not like regular bones but the interior generated magic in the ivory, such that greater undead could be formed.”
His head snapped up. Nerrhavia went on, idly sipping from a cup as she faced the window.
“You will need quite a number of bodies to create greater undead. More space than this castle by far, and if the Stitch Witch has found you—others will as well.”
“This castle is exceptionally fortified. It is the heart of my strength.”
“Mm. There is a hole in it. You mentioned a Dragon as an antagonist? Teriarch, the Lord of Flame, never troubled my domain directly, but I knew his name. I also know Reinharts. Either one could potentially kill you, even here. But you will surely die if your real enemies come calling. You think of your level as the highest, your power unmatched. Look at me and know I was greater—and I was laid low.”
She turned to gaze at him, and Az’kerash felt—just for a second—intimidated.
She had been his level, or higher. He had—forgotten.
He could still level up. He was high-level, the highest in the world. But there were still ways to go.
He was a Level 77 [Necromancer]. Well. That wasn’t his class, but Nerrhavia looked at him, and suddenly—he felt like he was thirty levels lower.
