9.04
Page 13
Gazi blushed at the compliment. She took a handful of popcorn, and Amerys drifted back into the throneroom. She needed no Golem. The Archmage of Chandrar had apparently taken half the larder with her as a bevy of floating foods surrounded her—along with a bottle of wine and a cup.
“What vintage is that?”
Orthenon narrowed his eyes, and the bottle obligingly turned around to hide the label from him. Takhatres strode in, shaking his feathers like a dog.
“I will have a cup. Make it two. Are we murdering more children today?”
“No, there aren’t any eggs here.”
Flos rolled his eyes, exasperated, as one of the Gnolls choked on her food. He slapped her on the back as Mars raised a cup. Amerys poured them all a glass, then settled back.
“Are we discussing the war, the new lands, or your kingdom-building ideas, Flos?”
She used his name, and Trey thought Amerys was interesting. Orthenon did his scowl at the lack of decorum, and Takhatres smiled, but Trey knew the other Seven and Orthenon.
Amerys was new. And she…was different. Unlike laid-back Mars or Gazi, who would put on her act. Amerys had revealed some of her personality within days of returning to Reim by her hobbies and inclinations.
What was she? Well, Amerys was…cosmopolitan. In all the ways that were good and bad.
“Flos, you’ve downgraded your baths. No Balerosian mud baths, the hot water isn’t piped any longer, and someone stole the water purifiers. Your beds are, at least, silk, but you’ve got a very distressingly small larder. The wine is only good because it’s been sitting in your cellars for twenty years. And there’s almost no runework in the palace at all. Oh, and your walls are as bare of art as Takhatres’ bald patch.”
The Garuda pointed a fork at Amerys.
“Take that back.”
Dilettante might be another word for Amerys. She was, well—
Wistram. It was true she was far hardier and battle-savvy than the academy, but Trey understood that she hadn’t been completely apart from the academy like Valeterisa. There was a reason that Amerys had gone back there when the King of Destruction slumbered.
“As I recall it, the castle was looted of almost everything—including the piping—by [Servants] with my blessing. Or sold off later as necessity demanded.”
Flos looked amused. Amerys yawned into one hand.
“Yes, well…let’s have it back soon. Not just for here; all the cities I passed by could use some civic-minded improvements. Libraries, for instance? I’m displeased to note half the ones I set up are gone. Books sold, missing, never returned. Well, in the ones with low-level [Librarians].”
Mars raised one hand.
“…What would anyone want with copper piping?”
Amerys rolled her eyes.
“To install them somewhere else, Mars. High-quality plumbing is exceptionally expensive.”
“Ah. Everyone who’s too good to haul up a bucket. Well, the Archmage of Bidets has returned to us, and all of Reim shall rejoice for their cleaner behinds. All hail!”
Mars did a mocking bow, and Amerys flicked a tiny bolt of lightning at Mars’ face. The [Vanguard] sneezed, and it ricocheted into the floor.
“I am serious, you know, Flos. Reim has been looted of all it had, quite literally, and it would be good to return that.”
The King of Destruction’s good mood could not be abated, but it did soften slightly with contemplation as he took a cup of wine.
“You are, as always, my font of foreign culture, Amerys. No one has gone as far as you—save Orthenon.”
“And he is as culturally-minded as Mars.”
