9.04
Page 18
“I will. And if I take Izril—I will return these lands. Frankly—I have an idea that may involve sending some Gnoll volunteers back, Chieftain Reitx, I believe? I listened to Trey and agree. I foresee a huge rush as every nation tries to colonize this place. Among it—I intend to prioritize great discoveries. Call it—a funded expedition. Perhaps even one of you Seven will join it. Assuming we can disguise you properly.”
Flos Reimarch looked around, beaming, and Orthenon sighed.
“Your Majesty, we could focus on reconquering Chandrar…?”
“Orthenon, what fun would that be without joining the chaos? Besides which—”
Flos’ eyes glinted, and he looked at Trey.
“—Everyone else from the Quarass to perhaps Fetohep himself is surely joining in. I have multiple goals in Izril, and finding the lost City of Stars or this ‘Crossroads of Izril’ makes me ask one huge question.”
He faced the map and then flipped it over the board and stared at the map of Chandrar. Flos Reimarch’s eyes narrowed, and he murmured.
“…Perhaps there was once a Crossroads of Chandrar, too. I want to speak to that [Innkeeper]. I have a feeling there is something else that Fetohep did that he is not telling me. Or some…change in the world. A Fraerling city appears, Seamwalkers distort reality, and Earthers are appearing faster than Sariant Lambs at a noblewoman’s buffet. I will have answers.”
He turned and looked at the others.
“So. Who wants to storm Nerrhavia’s Fallen, and who would like apprentices? If any of you Earthers would like to learn magic from Amerys or study under Mars, speak up! Or if you have any grand ideas, I will hear them now.”
He beamed at the Earthers, and Elena sucked in her breath as she gazed at Trey. Slowly, she raised a hand.
“Yes, Miss Elena?”
Flos Reimarch turned to her. Elena looked at him, then Trey, then took a breath.
“Could I…go to my friends in Terandria? Just leave?”
The King of Destruction looked at her, and his eyes flickered. He rested his chin in his hands for a moment and thought.
“…I am not opposed, but I will ask you to stay at least a while, Miss Elena. Trey Atwood took a great effort liberating you and Amerys. I am in need of help. Do me one service and I will pay passage myself. Otherwise?”
“Otherwise…?”
George looked at Flos warily, and the King of Destruction smiled.
“Otherwise, I will deliver you to Terandria once my fleets sail in. I intend to visit too.”
The bloody conqueror smiled and turned back to his maps full of opportunity, but his eyes lingered on Izril and that inn. As if he could tell there was more he was missing and impatient at not being the absolute center of it all.
He had no interest in the land, however it was shaped. Only what—and who lay on it. But even Flos Reimarch was not in possession of all of the facts.
 
——
 
And lastly, if you asked someone for the third greatest threat to world peace, they’d say—Goblins. Or some nation like Ailendamus. Or Crelers, because they were a good option, again.
If they were in a position to know more, they might say ‘Regis Reinhart’, or ‘Ailendamus with immortals’, or ‘vampire Krakens’.
But someone with a lot of information about all the secrets of the world might reasonably say that the third greatest threat to everyone was the highest-level [Necromancer] still…living.
Az’kerash, alone, was a worthy contender for third place. Especially in light of recent events.
