9.04
Page 6
Let them have peace and send back a wave to help drive the Demons into the depths of Rhir. The Blighted King smiled for once, and Coretine squeezed his hand gently, pride in her eyes.
He could not have known it, but Othius the Fourth had echoed plans once spoken on this very continent. Echoed a dream of another world power that had sent their finest to bring back salvation to Rhir.
The Antinium had gone first, and their dream was lost in the wreckage of the oceans. As for the Blighted Kingdom?
They dreamed of land and safety. Othius had one more plan, of course. He always did. But as it pertained to the colony—
If it were safe. If they created but the foothold he wanted, he would take a risk on his life and the future of the Blighted Kingdom.
Othius might be old, but he learned and copied from everything.
Even horrors. He had seen the Dyed Lands change as something struck it, throwing them hundreds of years forwards. Well. If all went well, he wondered what Nereshal might do. His magic was not, perhaps, the same as Dionamella, that incredibly, unnaturally hidden monster of Ailendamus, but it had frozen the Blighted King in time along with Nereshal and a few others, and Nereshal could still act as the greatest [Mage] of the Blighted Kingdom.
For great sacrifice, or with the right tools—what could Nereshal do to the colony? The Blighted King weighed his [Chronomancer] against the risks and costs. After all—he looked around the room of trusted people he cared for and then at his mirror image on the polished wood desk.
They all would give everything for the Blighted Kingdom in time.
 
——
 
The second great threat to the safety of the world was far less old, but no less present in the public consciousness.
Which said a lot about his success. Like it or not, the King of Destruction might not have achieved armageddon-level status, but he had taken an entire continent and almost turned it into a machine of war.
An entire continent. Not ‘most of a continent’ or ‘parts of a continent minus the fiddly bits’, but all of it.
The King of Destruction had recently been to Izril. He had seen the new lands rise. And like Othius, he had designs on it.
Only—his attitude was somewhat different than the Blighted King. He was explaining it to Trey and Teresa Atwood.
It was almost nostalgic. There they were, the two twins, the King of Destruction, like they had when he had begun his return.
They were even in the same place. The throne room, that cracked place of faded glory where a small chair had sat behind the grand throne.
Only, everything was different. Trey Atwood kept looking at Teresa, and he wondered…
Was her chin always like that? She’d had a dimple in it, and while they hadn’t exactly received the chin that receded back into your face, a sign of proper noble breeding back home—it hadn’t exactly been the chiseled jaw you could use to break cement.
The same for their builds. ‘Dumpy’ might be pushing it too far, but ‘dumpling’ in the vague sense that you could see a bit of imperfection rather than an athlete’s build was fair for the twins.
Or—had been. Trey felt like all these things were fair, if hurtful, for him. But Teresa?
She’d gotten rid of the dimple. She seemed like she was an inch taller. She looked like—well. Either she’d been in makeup for an hour or she had changed.
To be more accurate, her class was changing her. Teresa Atwood ignored Trey studiously as she listened to Flos. Trey was tempted to cast [Appraisal], but he knew it wouldn’t work. Still—she’d at least told him her classes.
