9.04
Page 1
He could not take a few decades off. His work was not a passion in the same way it had been, more of a burden that he struggled to carry. And as for change…all he felt sometimes was his body dying, piece by piece.
Why did he cling to life, then? Vengeance. Vengeance, the belief no one could yet succeed him, and the desire to triumph. For his bones to be the last beholden to war and the despair of the Blighted Kingdom.
What he found was that after lovers, after largesse, after bodily desires, what the Blighted King dreamed of was the time thereafter. Of the completeness that only the Blighted Kingdom had.
Take the Drakes’ miserable, petty wars with each other and the Gnolls, for instance. They had done their best to wipe out a species, and Othius had watched their battles. They acted as if it had been inevitable, and in some ways, would always be inevitable—they were in a battle with Gnolls and now Antinium for dominance of Izril.
But the Blighted Kingdom had Drakes. The largest populations of Drakes and Gnolls hither-to the migration to Chandrar by the tribes.
They didn’t kill each other. They were, in fact, very amicable. The Demon threat united them, as did their identities as a common people rather than a species.
“No species should be wholly isolated from another. A people that function and act purely in service to themselves is a selfish one. Each race should be part of a greater collective or ruled by an outsider.”
He penned that down himself in Memoirs, the 5th Wall, which he had entrusted his thoughts and words of wisdom he hoped would be posthumously read. Of course, he based it on ruling the Blighted Kingdom, and yes, his was a unique circumstance.
But think of what this could be without the Demons. 
Here was an example that Othius used when dining abroad or entertaining guests. He would have them visit an infested farm and show them the horrible pests that were Vorepillars, the disgusting vermin that ate everything, sometimes even dirt.
They were a [Farmer]’s worst nightmare. Level 40 [Farmers] had been wiped out and entire famines had begun when these pests spread abroad to other nations. The only thing worse to find in a field, Othius had heard, were Crelers.
Any other nation in the world, when faced by Vorepillars, would see their farms wither, their crops blighted, and suffer. Yet in Rhir—these were standard hazards, like crickets or rats.
The [Farmers] weren’t necessarily that much higher-level than extraordinary individuals abroad, but their attitudes towards their work were completely different. They had complex crop cycling, understood contained silos, and vigilantly checked the quality of their produce, which also led to far less rotten or infected grains and whatnot.
If they could do it on Rhir’s soil, what might they do in fertile Baleros? And—Othius now thought—
What might they do on Izril? 
It was a beguiling notion. The Blighted Kingdom received tributes from around the world daily. Not just gold or soldiers, but magic and technology, ideas like sewers from the Drakes, boat designs, Pallassian elevators—and the knowledge of another world of late. The only thing that kept them from being the greatest wonder of the world was a war with Demons.
It was worse now that two of the Deathless were back. Othius felt the trepidation in his bones each day—the spell nets around each major city were being tested, and he had seen the night sky light up each time Silvenia tested the 5th or 4th Walls.
Yet they held, and dead gods, they would win with their reinforcements. However—would it take ten years? Twenty?
