9.05 NPR
Page 59
Just like when Peclir had betrayed him—only this time, he glanced up and saw the glint in Foliana’s gaze. The too-casual way she turned her wheelchair.
“Foliana…I’m not in the mood for—hey!”
She grabbed him as Niers backed up. Her fingers encircled his arms, and he wiggled, outraged, but didn’t activate any of his artifacts. The Squirrel gave him a big smile—then hopped out of her wheelchair.
“Put me down, you giant rat! Put me down. I’m not going to play your games. Oh no. Don’t you dare—”
He saw the world move crazily as she raised her arm back. He knew what she was going to do and roared.
“You crazy rod—”
Then she threw him. For a [Rogue], it was an easy toss. She could put a knife in an opponent’s eye at a thousand paces—hurling a Fraerling through the air without breaking his neck was only a matter of the right motion.
Niers went spinning through the air, not sure where she was yeeting him. His long shout turned into alarm when he saw—she was throwing him straight at a wall.
That was going to hurt, armor or not! Niers braced himself and saw a blur bound past him.
Foliana. She was so fast that she could throw a ball into the air and run to where it was landing if she wanted. He saw her bound over to the wood paneling—and like the Dead Rogue’s Casket—
She slid the panel aside. The secret compartment opened, and Niers realized it was one of the entrances they had built into the Fraer-ways—
“—ent! Gah!”
Niers crashed into Fraer-ways and slid down a table, scattering plates, cups, and paper as shouts and screams broke out. He crashed into a chair, went flying over the other end, and landed on his feet.
He remembered his Tallguard training enough to execute an emergency course-corrective flip. Niers was actually proud of that one. He stumbled upright and drew his sword.
“Foliana, you are a dead woman! Three-Color Stalker loses an eye today! I did it to the Witch of Webs. I’ll do it to you!”
The angry Fraerling was charging across the room at the smirking Squirrel closing the hatch when he saw a cowering figure in front of him.
“Ah, cats. Emissary Vuul? I apologize for—”
Niers froze, sword drawn. That tore it. Foliana, that idiot, had officially severed ties with Reiryul. Niers reached down with his other hand, and then, finally, the room caught up around him.
He’d crashed through a lot of paper and porcelain. Not just your average amount for a Fraerling emissary’s dinner. Piles of paper, really.
And enough to have fed all his guests. Which made sense if Gindal and the other representatives were eating with Vuul, but Niers was almost sure the [Explorer] would rather eat in acid rain than with the Emissary.
Also, two baskets of food would feed every Fraerling, including the servants and Niers, in the citadel for weeks. The hurrying servants he’d seen came together with Niers’ noting the birds in the aviary in one moment.
The Titan slowly looked down at the Fraerling whom he’d never met, then heard someone clear her throat. He looked up and saw a Fraerling sitting at the table with both boots resting on the wood.
“You know how to make an entrance, Titan. Next time, couldya not scatter half our maps to the winds?”
The [Grandmaster Strategist] looked at a woman who reminded him of Ekrn. Not because the hair was the same—hers was fury-red and combed. But her leather armor and the spear leaning against the table were the kind of gear a Fraerling used to mobile fights in the open carried.
