9.05 NPR
Page 52
“Hey, buddy. If you’re going to talk about bounties or Roshal, now’s not the time. I have my stabbing knife right here.”
She produced the kitchen knife, and the [Mage] eyed her warily. He stared at Numbtongue, but then handed something to Pisces in a hurry.
“I am the vice-Guildmaster of the Mage’s Guild of Invrisil. Let me assure you that I would not be on business for anything less than the most urgent tasks. No matter what is going on—I have a Five Families priority-[Message] for you, Adventurer Jealnet.”
He said the words, and Ser Lormel’s head twisted around, eyes going wide. Half the adventurers in earshot looked up and fell silent. Pisces’ own eyes widened.
That was the top-level priority used by Mage’s Guilds in northern Izril. It was akin to Chaldion or a Walled City sending a [Message].
“To Pisces? Is Magnolia mad? Is it monsters? Crelers?”
Erin squeaked. The vice-Guildmaster looked exasperated.
“Neither. I don’t know how—but it came through our channels, and I was assured it would happen again unless I contacted you at once. Damned Drakes. A [Receptionist] Salii of Pomle can apparently flag a [Message] spell for priority delivery. Do you know her?”
Salii of Pomle? Pisces—had no idea who that was. But Pomle, he knew. Suddenly, his heart began to pound.
“I—may I see the—?”
“Go ahead. I don’t even know what it says. It wrote itself. And it’s magically sealed. [Receptionists].”
The [Mage] looked ready to spit. Pisces cracked the wax seal as easily as any normal one. He looked down at the writing, and his heart stopped for one second.
One painful, glorious second. The first lines were written by a careful claw.
 
Pisces, it’s Eloque writing through Salii who tells me she can get this to you. Are you well? We’re safe in Pomle for now—
 
She was alive. She and Merr, Bearig—Pisces saw several paragraphs, each in a different style, and a note from Salii at the bottom.
His hands were shaking. He only looked up when he heard a yelp from the side. The vice-Guildmaster had tried to take a look and gotten a poke from Numbtongue and a knife-poke from Erin.
“Pisces? Is it good news or…?”
Erin was glancing anxiously at him. Indeed, Ksmvr had turned from his table and was standing up. Pisces didn’t know what his face was like.
“It’s…good. Very good. Thank you for receiving this. Delivering it, rather.”
The vice-Guildmaster looked mollified. He glanced at Pisces face and sniffed.
“Well—for a Gold-rank adventurer, I suppose it isn’t the poorest thing in the world. Please tell that [Receptionist] we can flag you with a City Runner. Normally. You are a Gold-rank adventurer, aren’t you?”
“You don’t know who he is? This is Pisces. Pisces, a member of the Horns of Hammerad. And a [Necromancer].”
Erin waved her hands at Pisces indignantly. The [Mage]’s face turned from slightly welcoming back to frozen.
“A [Necromancer]?”
And there it was again. Pisces closed his eyes. He held the letter tightly and looked down at the words. Something caught his eye.
 
Pisces, m’boy. 
 
Only Merr would do that. He could imagine her laughing as the [Bandit Lady] wrote. Her handwriting wasn’t that bad—okay, it was messy, but for a [Bandit], it was quite legible. Big writing for her flunkies to be able to decipher.
 
We saw you on the scrying orb with the King of Destruction no less. We’re watching you. Stay out of chains and away from Djinni. Nerrhavia’s fallen back, and we’re thinking of what to do, but you don’t get…
 
They saw him? So they had known he was alive, at least. Pisces was already thinking of something to write back. To apologize and ask—
