9.05 NPR
Page 51
Erin looked up into his face and put her hands in her lap. She looked serious and less shocked than Pisces thought.
“I know, Pisces. I’m sorry we had to postpone it, but I’ll definitely hear you out. If you’re ready to talk about…everything in Chandrar. I have something to tell you, too.”
It struck him like a kick. Pisces staggered and then realized—she knew. She knew he wanted to talk to her. Not only that, her expression told him quite plainly she knew how serious it was.
Rather than feel relieved…he got angry.
“You knew I wished to talk to—you are an [Innkeeper], and you are far too intelligent not to notice. Of course. Why didn’t you ask me?”
Erin blinked up at him. She bit her lip and looked slightly guilty. But then she pushed on her wheelchair and tried to get up. Her legs wobbled—and she leaned on Pisces and Numbtongue as they caught her.
“Damn. I still can’t quite do it.”
Erin smiled weakly. Pisces was supporting almost all of her weight. He hesitated, but she leaned on the wall and looked at him. She was still so…he felt guilty. And angry. And distraught. But Erin just looked him in the eyes.
“I know, Pisces. I do know. But I’ve been waiting until you’re ready to talk to me.”
“You were waiting for me?”
The young man felt…confused. Erin nodded. She braced herself, took a few deep breaths, and stood there a second.
“Yeah. Because—well, because Pisces, I sorta know a bit of what happened. I’m sorry, but someone told me.”
“Who? Wh—”
I have spoken to the dead. Pisces felt a chill run down his spine. He grabbed Erin, but she continued gently.
“Listen. I didn’t want to spring it on you. If it was someone else…Mrsha, or maybe Moore, who needs it, or…I would have brought it up. But you?”
She looked him in the eyes with almost a smile. A guilty one, but with a spark of something Pisces didn’t like. Something like trust.
“—I know you’d talk to me, Pisces. In time. Because you already broke those chains. You survived two monsters, and I want you to tell me everything. That’s also why I came here. When I heard what happened, I was so angry and sad—and proud of you. That’s why I’m doing all of this.”
He was lost for words. She knew—and Erin’s legs were shaking from less than a minute of standing. Numbtongue wheeled the chair over so she could sit, but she kept her feet planted, panting. Pisces looked at her and shook his head.
“I’m not as strong as you pretend, Erin. I did not break any chains. I was—rescued at the end. There was no way out by my power alone.”
“No?”
Erin’s legs collapsed. Pisces slowed her, and she landed in the chair. Cursing, Erin stared down at her legs and punched her knee. She looked up at Pisces and didn’t argue with his statement.
“No, then. Fine. Maybe you’re not that strong. But I do think you were that—glorious.”
That single word turned Numbtongue’s head as he politely pretended not to be listening. Pisces blinked, and Erin waggled a finger.
“Don’t let it get to your head. Or rather…do. Do you get it now? Numbtongue, what’re the cute Fraerlings saying?”
She looked embarrassed despite herself, but Pisces saw her glance at him. Then—he turned his head and saw someone striding towards him.
A [Mage].
Unlike the other adventurers, this was clearly a more academic [Mage]. In fact, he had the Mage’s Guild insignia on his robes—a scrying orb and wand. Pisces blinked as the [Mage] made a beeline for the [Receptionist] who’d been staring at him—then to Pisces.
“Adventurer Pisces Jealnet?”
“That is me.”
Erin stopped rolling towards the scrying orb. She stared suspiciously at the [Mage].
