9.05 NPR
Page 31
Namely, an eight by six portrait by one of Ailendamus’ most gifted artists. A rush job, obviously, but framed in one of those gold-gilded frames that couldn’t make up its mind about what it was supposed to be—the vaguely leaf-like corners twirling together as if it was supposed to replace the art or add to it.
Gaudy, ostentatious, and named The Wind Runner’s Triumph. It had a very flattering Ryoka Griffin, wind blowing behind her, carrying a package in one hand and her Faeblade in the other, posing on a hill, her bare feet covered with blood.
Mostly because the ‘hill’ was made up of bodies of people, their faces twisted in agonized poses. Not only Human; it was a really diverse cast of every species in the world.
In the foreground, you had a line of people being run through with pikes from which hung banners that read, ‘consequences’, ‘self-evaluation’, ‘rampant theft’, and so on.
Ryoka spent about eight minutes with the painting before she finally snapped.
“I’m sorry! What do you want me to say? I never wanted to kill her. Blame me for everything—stealing, for using your scroll! But she was going to kill Gilaw and Menorkel. I’m sorry. Please…just let me go or be done with this.”
She shouted in the jail, and no one responded for a good minute. The wind howled outside, but somehow, the Wyrm had managed to ban it from her prison.
In that sense, he was better than Valeterisa, or he knew his enemies. Ryoka actually tried to tear free of the chains, but she only succeeded in wrenching her shoulder.
Enchanted. Obviously. For the first time, she had a real moment of fear about ever being free.
Yes, Visophecin and friendship and blah blah, Faerie King. But…
Rhisveri was the Wyrm of Ailendamus. If he really didn’t want her free or wanted her dead, who could stop him?
Then, once again, the air darkened, and it arose from the floor. A sock puppet…Wyrm. Bits of cloth comprised his neck-fin, and it opened and closed its mouth as if the puppet was being held up by a hand.
“Oh, now she protests? I’m so sorry I killed the last Dryad. Oops. Silly me! That stupid Wyrm should let you go free right now. Let me just get the key. La~la~la~. Where did I put it?”
The high-pitched voice of Rhisveri as he pretended to search for a key caused Ryoka to snap again.
“I told you, it wasn’t…it wasn’t her fault, either. It was whomever was behind her. Kas—”
She hesitated. The puppet turned its blank eyes to her.
“Kasigna. So you said. Some random person I have never heard of before, ever, suborned Fithea’s loyalties. Oh, wow, I guess I’ll just send Ailendamus to war against her! And a bunch of dead people.”
“You know I’m telling the truth, Rhisveri. The ghosts. You saw them. The Faerie King—”
“What I know is that one person held that flaming sword and burned Fithea to death. One person. I’m supposed to just let her walk off. Fithea was a minister of Ailendamus. Let’s assume she was some arrogant noble who challenged a visiting dignitary, insulted their honor, and got herself killed in an honor-duel. There are still consequences.”
“I don’t know what to do. I just want to live, Rhisveri.”
The sock-Rhisveri slapped his head into the wall.
“Wowie. I never considered that. You wanted to live. And here I thought you just wanted to die. You know who else wanted to live? FITHEA. No, wait. She only outlived her forest and all her people because she didn’t feel like dying for thousands of years. It’s not like she hoped to revive her kind or anything. It’s—oh, look. Here come the tears.”
