9.05 NPR
Page 14
“Our home is gone. Or, if it’s alive, it’s been centuries. Not just Torteth of Colors; three other smaller Fraerling settlements vanished, and one more is on the outskirts of The Dyed Lands. Monsters are rampaging across the region, but I’m told Homnel is safe.”
The other Fraerlings fell silent. Another disaster for their species, yet The Dyed Lands’ sudden advance in time was concerning for the continent, the world. It was among the things Niers had on his list.
And there were so many. The Titan nodded.
“What can I do for you, Gindal? I owe you greatly for protecting my company and stymying the traitors. If you want an escort to try to find Torteth…or adventurers?”
Gindal hesitated. His people looked at him as he put the crossbow down on the meeting table.
“My assumption is Torteth is gone. Or, if they’re there, no one I know is alive. Not unless that time-shift event let—no. Nor will I take my company into a death zone we don’t know without precautions. Escort to Homnel will do. I understand the need for secrecy, but frankly, the monster reports we’ve heard are horrific. How many Tallfolk can you give us?”
“I can have six thousand and two Chess Towers on the move within an hour. If you would like, I will place them at the nearest town or road. A peacekeeping force.”
“That would be welcome. Thank you.”
Niers turned to one of the Fraerlings in his company.
“Maps. Gindal, where should they be headed…? I will inform the commander and their second officer of the situation. No one else will know about the proximity of a Fraerling city.”
Even he didn’t know where Homnel was, but he did after Gindal indicated a location for Niers’ forces to rally. That was the thing—you could guess.
Like Reiryul or Paeth, there were locations away from Tallfolk that had a good proximity to natural resources or safety. That was how Peclir had wormed his way into finding Oierdressql.
Damn him. And damn Niers for not taking more precautions.
His fault. The older the Titan got, no, even after his adventures on Izril, the more he thought—
How much of this was his fault?
Losing his leg in the High Passes was due to overconfidence. Wanting his ‘adventure’. Not meeting Erin Solstice was due to him putting it off, being complacent, distracted by romance.
He could have done so much. The Fraerlings who had died on Baleros were because he had been on Izril.
He hadn’t even managed to make an impact in the final battle with the Gnolls and Drakes because Belavierr had thrown him back home. Just…pulled him off the board.
Humiliating? Yes. Shameful? Absolutely.
But what struck Niers as he moved to his third appointment before he flew to Paeth was that he was remembered for his deeds.
Named Adventurer who conquered the Labyrinth of Souls. Founder of the Forgotten Wing Company. The [Strategist] who had pushed the King of Destruction back. 
And so on. Yet Niers…
His career was also founded upon his mistakes. He could never escape them.
Once, the Forgotten Wing Company had been known as the company that fielded the most Selphids outside of the Selphid-dedicated company. Even more than The Bodies of Fellden, by virtue of their sheer size.
Yet that wasn’t what had outraged the world. It was also the fact that the Forgotten Wing Company had been the second-largest employer of that hated species. Had forged contracts and risen to Great Company by virtue, in part, with their alliance with that Goblin Lord.
Velan the Kind.
Once, they had Goblins.
 
——
 
Chieftain Shaik of the Ghostly Hand tribe wasn’t that mad about being teleported a continent away.
