9.05 NPR
Page 16
This, though, wasn’t about Erin. Okay, it wasn’t just about Erin. Shaik mulled the question over seriously, without asking for time. She closed her eyes, hummed under her breath, and then opened them.
“No.”
Niers exhaled.
“May I ask why?”
Shaik gave Niers a brilliantly sharp smile. She patted a spiderling crawling through her hair. Niers eyed it. Was that a different spider than a Shield Spider? Yes, it had long legs—a Spear Spider? The Goblins seemed like they were already trying to domesticate the local breeds. Shaik shrugged as she let the spider crawl onto one hand.
“You too scary. Everyone knows the tiny man is actually a Titan. You say one thing—but if you say the other, who can stop you? Not my tribe.”
“I could give you a magical contract…”
“No. Not just trust, Niers Astoragon.”
Shaik let the spider crawl onto the ground where it began to ‘play’ with the Shield Spiders. She gave Niers a long look.
“You knew Velan.”
His stomach sank. Niers slowly nodded, resting his hands on his knees.
“I did. I allied with him, and I was a good-faith ally until the end.”
“Yes. Then you went to Izril and killed him. Fair. He was Goblin King. Goblin Kings are scary.”
Shaik said that all seriously and looked at Niers. Her crimson eyes were different than any other species except maybe Fierre’s—and only her irises were red—but they were still eyes. The corner of the Goblin Chieftain’s eyes pinched a bit, and Niers saw then how old she was, not just by Goblin standards, but just any standards.
She might be his age. She looked younger, but the Ghostly Hand chieftain—for all she was the daughter of the last one—was old. Old by leading, old in years. Old in the weariness of people who counted death in numbers, not by names.
“I bear you no grudge, scary Titan. But you killed Velan. You saw him die. I want peace for my tribe. You are not peace. You are war. So, no.”
And that wasn’t something Niers could argue with. He slowly nodded.
“…Then we should discuss your exit and where you want to go. I can give you an escort or arrange an opening. Do you have a map of the region?”
Shaik smiled gratefully, and he gave her a map to let her figure things out. She even let him have some mushrooms in exchange for an army’s worth of supplies, which was putting it very cheaply in his eyes.
Good business, something for something, and so on. Yet…Niers wearily sat as he headed back to his academy.
The world still remembered Niers had been allies with Velan. They would never forget his mistakes, and neither would he.
Yet the Goblins remembered it too. They were afraid of him? The Titan put his head back as he stared up at the sky.
He had a feeling about the Antinium. He wanted to talk to Erin Solstice about it—she assured him they were people. She saw the same things in Goblins he had, and he wanted to talk to her. But perhaps he was wrong about Antinium. Wrong about her. A fool never learned from his mistakes, and all the mistakes he’d made about trusting people, Peclir, Velan, the rest?
I’m fine, Foliana. He really was. It was just busy. Just owning up to his mistakes. The Forgotten Wing Company would have less Fraerling allies, and the Fraer-ways had never been filled with his people as he imagined. He had forces on Izril, and wasn’t that a big step?
But just once…Niers’ lips moved as he spoke, with no one there to hear him.
“Just once. I’d like to bet on the right thing.”
 
——
 
Numbtongue had a huge problem. It was really eating him up. And that was—why wasn’t he levelling up more?
