9.05 NPR
Page 7
Both he and Ryoka fell silent for a moment, because it was just odd. The person maintaining all the illusions never responded to the criticisms. Nor did he show himself, but Ryoka had to believe he was watching. The things she saw were sometimes on autopilot, but some were so inventive a mind had to be coming up with them, if not actively watching her.
“Perhaps we should continue our discussions of what you call the Lands of the Fae. Or, if you prefer, I have more news from around the world. Of note—the Gnoll tribes who have left for Chandrar have finally been identified. What is your opinion on the future of…”
Visophecin was about to begin a thorough breakdown of Ryoka’s opinions on most recent events, which could be entertaining enough until it slipped into pure tedium. Ryoka doubted it was all purely to get her to spill valuable information.
He just liked to debate world events and politics, and he seldom got bored. Ryoka had made the mistake of trying to discuss different market-based concepts with him, and he’d been so fascinated he’d called in six Lucifen who took notes and debated for eight hours.
She had better things to do, like hang in place and stare at the wall. However, before the Lucifen could continue their discussion, the air darkened again.
Visophecin nearly dispelled the illusion, but then…froze. He couldn’t help it. His eyes opened wide, and Ryoka saw the most horrific thing yet appear.
Her jaw dropped as a giant…serpentine…sock puppet arose out of the flagstones. Then another puppet appeared, looking like her.
Two more appeared, a Griffin puppet and a withered tree-puppet. Ryoka’s stomach churned as the puppet of Fithea joined one of Rhisveri, Ryoka, and Gilaw.
“Hell’s contracts. What is…?”
Visophecin’s words were drowned out by a bright, sunny voice from the Rhisveri-puppet.
“What a lovely day it is! My kingdom is flourishing, and I want for nothing. In my generosity, I have allowed even a worthless thief certain privileges. Isn’t that right, thief?”
The Ryoka puppet nodded and opened what Ryoka thought was a too-big mouth, even for puppet standards.
“That’s right! I am a worthless ingrate, but I am eternally grateful for your forbearance despite all the transgressions I have made. Speaking of which—good day, Fithea!”
“Hello, Ryoka. What is that you’re holding?”
“A flaming sword. I am going to kill you. Because whenever I appear, people die. I am a curse upon the world, ahahahaha!”
A flaming sword began to burn the Dryad’s puppet. Visophecin’s mouth hung open as the Gilaw puppet croaked.
“Mother. You have killed my mother.”
The Rhisveri puppet nodded.
“That is correct. What should I do with such a murderer?”
The Ryoka puppet flung the sword away and pretended to look innocent as a chorus of Lucifen and Agelum and other immortal puppets appeared. They chorused as one, led by a suspiciously familiar Lucifen in a suit.
“Let her go! We are brainless incompetents who trust a single mortal implicitly! It doesn’t matter that she murdered the last Dryad in existence.”
The growl interrupted the cheerful voice—then was replaced by Ryoka giggling in an unnatural voice.
“That’s right! I’m just a silly mortal, tee-hee! It’s not my fault that I get everyone killed.”
The Rhisveri-puppet nodded with a slack-jawed expression clearly meant to convey idiocy.
“Well, I cannot argue with that. You’re free to go, Ryoka! In fact, let me give you some treasures from my personal vault. What will you do now?”
The Ryoka-puppet appeared to think for a moment.
“I think I’ll visit the nearest orphanage and burn it down.”
