9.05 NPR
Page 58
Niers let her pat the pigeon on the head. He just shook his head and stood as tall as possible. Although his dignity didn’t exactly matter in the aviary, with birds of all sizes chirping, cawing, or honking at him. It was getting fuller than usual. Had the [Beast Master] imported a trained goose? Niers was not riding that thing. He turned to Foliana, smiling ruefully.
“I’m proud of them, truly. They opened their Last Box, you know. They saw…Gnomes. At least, one of them did.”
“Really?”
The patting slowed, and Foliana poked her head up as the pigeon cooed. She offered a hand, and Niers stepped onto it.
“They didn’t say much. Apparently, the Last Box was a kind of weapon against something? The other cities aren’t sure if Paeth is crazy or lying or whether their Last Boxes no longer matter. Neither am I, but the Fraerling who saw the Gnome, Ilekrome, swears that saved his city.”
“Ghosts.”
Foliana wheeled Niers down from the aviary. He nodded, making notes for his spy network.
“Paeth is looking for someone—they didn’t want to tell me who. I’ll try to get it out of the [Strategists]. They might work with Paeth and Talenqual. Who knows?”
“Will they be coming back for lessons?”
“Yes…and won’t that be interesting?”
Niers almost smiled, wondering if Feshi would—no, not her. But it would be something to have the Diamond Swords of Serept sharing a place with Fraerling magic. He looked forwards to that. Foliana hummed quietly.
“And the Goblin told you no.”
“…She did. Although I have an idea about that. Maybe. Something—but we won’t keep the other cities, I think. We’ll have two cities and about six minor ones. That will do, and we’ll put diplomacy first for the others. Don’t worry about it.”
“I’m not. In all of this running about, did you even eat lunch?”
Niers’ stomach rumbled slightly. He opened his mouth and saw the bloody sunlight streaming through the window as evening deepened.
“—I’m sure I had some snacks in one of the meetings. Haven’t you eaten?”
“Mm. I was going to have a bite just now. Let’s go get food.”
In her way, he supposed the Squirrel Beastkin was being considerate of him. Now, if Perorn were here—he was sure she’d be her annoying self. He hated that she could read him, but if anyone could…
“I guess I can put off meeting Emissary Vuul for a few more minutes. We could do a formal dinner—but I don’t think you’ll go for that.”
Foliana rolled down past the Fraer-ways placed overhead in most hallways. Niers spotted a few servants running down the hallways. Must be rats again. Damn. They were in a hurry. Or maybe they were just having races.
To be young. A pair of servants rushed upwards with baskets heaped with food. Cut small in familiar Fraerling-sized portions. Niers looked amused.
“Going to stuff me full? Or is Vuul—ah, wait. Gindal needs supplies. Can we send a war-hawk with a bag of holding ahead of the troops?”
“Mhm. Good idea. Hmm—let’s eat here.”
Foliana diverted from the dining room. Niers supposed she wanted something poetic, like sipping cups of tea from the balcony. Then she’d tell him he wasn’t old and say something to cheer him up.
A game of chess. He swore he’d seen Erin Solstice in the background with those crazy adventurers.
“The thing about the Goblins is…I had a thought on how to at least make things whole with Reiryul and the other cities. It’s a long shot, but—wait a second. Where are we going?”
They weren’t headed to any balcony or a regular room. Niers had been so lost in his own melancholy-tinged thoughts he hadn’t noticed something was up at first.
