9.05 NPR
Page 53
Then he heard Erin shouting and nearly snapped at her. She was going on about his class.
“[Necromancer]. Yes, I know the Necromancer of Terandria was a thing. So what? No, no. Shut up. Listen. This is Pisces. My friend. He’s the Necromancer of…The Wandering Inn. Hell’s Warden. Do you recognize that title?”
Her voice rose, and the people watching the Goblin or the huge fight amongst the adventurers for treasure turned. Numbtongue glanced at Erin, and then she was wheeling next to Pisces, pointing at him.
“He’s the [Necromancer] of the Horns of Hammerad. And he has more levels than any two Silver-rank adventurers put together. Except you Minotaurs. You don’t count. He doesn’t steal dead bodies. He makes undead out of bear bones, and he does teeth too. The next person who says something disparaging? Captain Todi, give them a kick to the shins for me.”
Erin slapped Pisces on the back. Since she was in her chair, she slapped him on the butt instead. Pisces opened his mouth.
“Erin. What are you doing?”
Then she winked up at him and finally explained.
“I’m telling them who you are, Pisces.”
“I was quite aware I was a [Necromancer] hither to your comments, Erin.”
She nodded reasonably.
“Yes—but they weren’t. Look at these people.”
She waved her hands at Keldrass, Drakes and Gnolls, Humans, an Owl Beastkin, and more. Erin shook her head sadly.
“The only [Necromancer] they know is the Putrid One or Az’kerash. And the Putrid One, well, he wasn’t the worst, but he did a lot of horrible things. You, though? You’re a [Necromancer], and you’re also Pisces Jealnet. It’s time people get that into their heads.”
She tapped the side of her head and looked at him. Then, Pisces began to get it. Erin nodded sharply around.
“This is the coolest [Necromancer] you’ll meet on the continent. Probably! Remember his name. Pisces, the Gold-rank member of the Horns of Hammerad. Pisces…the Nose.”
Typhenous had poked his head out of the back rooms. He began choking with laughter, and Erin waved her hands as Pisces recoiled.
“Okay, maybe not that name. But—here’s Numbtongue as well. Numbtongue the [Bard]. Numbtongue the…”
“Don’t give me a name. You’re bad at it.”
The Hobgoblin calmly covered Erin’s mouth, and she looked indignant. But her little speech…Pisces saw people looking confused. Then he wondered if her visit to Invrisil had just been for Numbtongue.
No, of course not. He bent down.
“Erin? You have never, to my knowledge, ever bragged once about our association before now. Why the sudden change of heart?”
The [Innkeeper] beamed up at Pisces, a bit misty-eyed.
“Silly. That’s because you had such a huge ego that it would have gone to your head. You were always sniffing and telling everyone how great you were at magic. And yeah, you had a lot of talent, and you were a good person deep down. Buried. Like, a mile down—”
“I understand. What happened?”
The [Innkeeper] dropped her joking. She sniffed, rubbed at her eyes, then smiled up at him.
“—That Pisces was the same guy who went into the Crypt of Liscor and fought Skinner. He was the same person, fundamentally, who went into Albez. Even the person who fought the Adult Creler. But when you went into the Village of the Dead and everything that came after?”
A gentle finger poked Pisces in the belly.
