9.05 NPR
Page 6
>> Ryoka Griffin is not intelligent enough to turn on a lantern without specific instructions.
 
“Go fuck yourself.”
 
>> Ryoka Griffin is not capable of that action. No one else is interested.
 
“I pick up the Wand of Sparks, then.”
Instantly, the little figure of Ryoka Griffin went over and picked up the wand. Ryoka sighed.
“I use the Wand of Sparks on the lantern.”
Mini Ryoka Griffin pointed the wand at the lantern. A shower of sparks lit the wick, and a glow enveloped what looked like a fairly interesting room full of items to pick up and the figure in the doorway.
“I pick up the lantern.”
Mini Ryoka went to pick up the lantern. Then she knocked it over.
The real Ryoka sighed as the lantern shattered on the table. Instantly, the merry sounds in the distance died down and a woman shrieked.
“It’s a fire! Put it out!”
“I stomp on the fire.”
The miniature Ryoka began to stomp, but the flames just spread around the stomps—in fact, the sparks and embers began to light up the rest of the room from her motions.
“Oh, come on. That’s not how it works. I…put out the flames with my wind. Hello? I can do that. I suck out the air from the room. I—too late now.”
The entire room was a bonfire. The woman in the doorway screamed as the fire enveloped her, and Ryoka saw more words writing themselves in the air as the miniature Ryoka was engulfed too.
 
The fire consumes the entire building. The kindly Guildmistress is set ablaze. She dies horribly. You are burning, and the guild is being evacuated.
Eight people are dead. They all burned to death. You miraculously survive because of course you do, but eight innocent people are immolated beyond recognition. Another man is crippled for life.
The Guildmistress was pregnant.
 
“Oh, come on.”
The next image cuts to a funeral. The figures were lining up, sobbing and throwing themselves at a line of coffins, when Ryoka twisted in her chains enough to face the other way. She ignored the text screen.
…Unfortunately, that wasn’t the end of it. It never was. Ryoka was debating humming loudly when the miniature funeral suddenly vanished and the air cleared.
She turned her head, and to her relief—there stood Viscount Visophecin. The Lucifen looked mildly amused by her expression, but he leaned slightly against the cell wall, waiting for her to untangle herself from the chains.
As always, no one had seen him come in.
“I presume I have not interrupted anything?”
“No. Not unless you count the world’s first text-based adventure.”
He raised his brows, and Ryoka sighed.
“It’s…actually, I can explain right now. How many hours do you have?”
The Lucifen clicked his tongue and drew in the air. Ryoka saw a magical timepiece appear, and he studied the hands.
“Pressing little, I fear. I wished to see you and inquire as to your…health?”
Ryoka tried to shrug and smile.
“Good. I guess. Am I, uh, going to get out today?”
“We are continuing to press the issue. I wished to tell you that Lord Tyrion Veltras continues to maintain his presence along the border. He will not relent until you are freed.”
Visophecin raised his voice slightly, although it was still as calm as ever. Ryoka and the Lucifen waited, but nothing happened.
“What…was that display?”
After a second, the Lucifen lowered his voice. Ryoka raised her brows.
“I told you, it gets weird when no one’s around.”
“I see. I believed it was—different.”
