9.05 NPR
Page 2
She was so close that Pisces could get up, sit down, and tell her right then and there that he had been a [Slave]. That he had met a monster named Riqre and seen worse than what Crelers did. That he had left his friends and, perhaps, part of himself behind on Chandrar.
…But he didn’t. Pisces stared at the back of Erin’s head. Now was not the time.
After breakfast. She should eat, and besides, Mrsha was there. He needed a private moment.
“—Pisces? [Mental Clarity] to Pisces.”
Ceria snapped her fingers in front of Pisces, and he jerked. His head snapped back, and he had his hands on the table before he relaxed.
His old friend gave him an amused glance.
“Save that for later. Are you doing anything before 2?”
“Two…”
Pisces’ brow furrowed. Ordinarily, he would have pretended he knew what was going on. This time, Ceria just sighed.
“Two. As in, two in the afternoon when we go to Invrisil’s Adventurer’s Guild, to talk about the loot from the Village of the Dead?”
“Oh.”
Ksmvr happily chipped in.
“Your attendance is mandatory. Please do not be late. Until then, I shall be touring Invrisil for gifts.”
“Gifts…? I’ll go with you if you’re shopping. You still might run into people who panic at the sight of an Antinium, Ksmvr. But why do you need gifts?”
Yvlon seemed surprised. Ksmvr sighed.
“It has escaped my knowledge, and I did not have time to do so anyways, but apparently one brings gifts from their travels abroad. Bird and Mrsha have suggested I purchase gifts as amenities in Invrisil. Snacks. Do you have any recommendations?”
Yvlon’s head slowly rotated, and a little Gnoll girl hunched her shoulders at the table opposite theirs.
“Oh, we can certainly discuss the issue, Ksmvr. But some shopping will be a good way to pass the time. I don’t relish arguing over our loot. The teams want what we picked up. So what’s the plan, Ceria?”
The half-Elf scratched at her head as Pisces turned to her. He had the spellbook he’d recovered upstairs, and he worked on it every day. Ceria hadn’t mentioned where the circlet had gone, and as for Yvlon, she had the two rings that had yet to be worn and a pair of scrolls. Ksmvr had left his sword back on Chandrar.
Pisces was understandably worried all the treasure they’d taken might be in danger, but Ceria didn’t look too concerned.
“We can’t avoid them forever, Yvlon. We did nearly die, so our claim is strong, and there’s gear from the rest of the raid to divide as well. Treasure-division is a huge game of politics and backstabbing. I’ll speak to some of the other team leaders. Besides, Prince Zenol is far removed from here—I think we’ll be as equitable as possible.”
“Well, Elia Arcsinger’s representative has been claiming her team is owed a big share. Everyone wants the Helm of Fire, and I don’t know if we’re going to get it. Pisces, how badly do we need it? Pisces?”
Once again, it went back to Chandrar. Pisces started and looked at Yvlon.
“I—it would be exceptionally unfortunate if we didn’t get it, Yvlon. Promises were made.”
“But Erin’s alive. So—what’s the reward from your client worth?”
Pisces bit his tongue. What’s it worth? Not being slain and reanimated as corpses. He hadn’t told them it was the Necromancer he’d contacted.
Pretend. Pisces steepled his fingers, sniffed self-consciously, and remembered how much Eloque and the others laughed at that. His team just waited as he chose his words, pretending to look less concerned than he was. Which was still very concerned, but to his friends, it would look like he was playing it casual when he really was concerned.
Lies within lies. His specialty.
