9.05 NPR
Page 42
Ken whispered to Daly. The Bushranger’s leader groaned as he felt at his magical leg. He had a pair of Fraerling-made crossbows at his side, and the trusted forces were all armed with a caliber of weapons that even Fezimet would have feared.
…But he didn’t think making an enemy of the greatest [Strategist] in the world was a good idea. They needed help, and even if the Fraerlings could buy it on a promise, they had limits to their manufacturing capabilities. Daly whispered back to the others.
“Fecking fantastic. I thought we had the big mouths. Now how are we supposed to get him to help us find Geneva?”
Niers Astoragon’s head swiveled around, and Daly froze. The Titan of Baleros lifted one hand as the Council fell silent.
“—Regardless of anything else we settle on today, I can do that. Who grabbed her and why?”
Daly’s mouth worked, but he managed to get out a few words.
“Er—excuse me, Lord Niers—Titan. It—we think it was—”
Luan interrupted him smoothly. He looked at Niers and wondered if the little Fraerling was a relative of the man on the boat during the Summer Solstice. Or just like a more advanced Ekrn.
They’d find out. The Courier took a breath.
“The Bodies of Fellden did it, as far as we know. Selphids. We think Geneva’s alive and well. But we have no clues.”
The Titan’s eyes flickered. He cursed softly.
“The Minds. That will be trickier, but I assure you: I can retrieve her.”
The members of the United Nations company looked at each other, and Siri swallowed. She had wondered why Paeth was so reluctant to ally with one of their own, but one look at the Titan’s gaze told her why.
The greatest powers of the Selphids had been too dangerous for Paeth to consider going after even in the face of their new alliance. But with a few sentences and a single promise—
They were now in trouble. And yet, Niers’ eyes looked so longingly at this alliance between Tallfolk and Fraerlings. But once again—Chieftain Shaik’s words haunted him. Despite all he’d done…
Tiny man too scary.
 
——
 
It was hard to say who was more uncomfortable when they appeared in Invrisil. Pisces? Or Numbtongue?
They went through the door like a growing storm. From the moments the words left Erin’s mouth, it was like a hurricane building at sea.
First swept in tempest Lyonette, full of questions and objections. But when she realized Erin was serious, she threw her might behind Erin’s headwind.
“Ser Dalimont? Ser Sest and Ser Lormel, with you and Erin!”
The [Princess] pointed three of her [Knights] forwards. Obviously, an impossible chess move, except she’d already captured one Pawn.
Backup achieved, Erin negotiated who would not go to Invrisil. No Antinium. And definitely not Mrsha the Gale, who begged and pleaded and held onto Erin’s chair until she was removed by Lyonette. There could be shenanigans, and for once, they would not involve Mrsha.
“No more Goblins. Sorry, Gothica. Next time.”
The [Goth] did her signature pfft and blew the hair out of her face. But she didn’t argue; she had heard ‘next time’. Besides, the others cramped her style.
They didn’t make it to Liscor without incident, either. Lyonette had some kind of magical warning system for Zevara like a speaking stone or [Message] scroll, so the Watch Captain battened down all hatches.
A Watch escort conveyed Erin to the door and put the regular transports on hiatus. Erin peered suspiciously at the [Guards] escorting her.
“Y’know, this celebrity treatment’s sorta weird. Is it because I own the door? I still want it back.”
“We’re just trying to minimize the collateral damage, Miss Solstice.”
