9.05 NPR
Page 65
A shrill siren began to blare from one of Uziel’s pendants. A high-pitched whine above most people’s hearing came out of one of Visophecin’s rings. Rhisveri’s eyes opened wide, and he cursed.
“Name of Djinni! What’s breaking through the—”
Sophridel spoke urgently.
“Someone is shattering our teleport wards. They’re teleporting over the border.”
“It’s the Archmage!”
One of the immortals shouted in alarm. Visophecin’s eyes narrowed.
“No. It’s not. To arms.”
Ryoka’s head slowly rose, and Rhisveri’s eyes found her. She felt her heart squeeze in her chest suddenly.
There was only one person it could be. Only one would have reason to be here. She was running outside with the others when they saw the air warp. It was almost unnoticed in the clouds, but Ryoka saw something emerge. She didn’t see what it was—it vanished too soon, and Azemith cursed.
“It went invisible! [Greater Invisibility]. Did I see it right?”
“Yes. You did. I think a guest has come to Ailendamus. Rhisveri?”
“I am going to greet him. I didn’t expect this. Bold, to teleport in. He must fear nothing.”
The Wyrm whispered. His fake form vanished, and Ryoka whirled to the palace in alarm.
Bold indeed, to teleport into the nest of immortals. It bespoke an arrogance typical of his kind—enough to alarm even Visophecin because of the sheer confidence.
Or—perhaps—if you thought about it another way—it was the act of a Dragon who reached the sea and decided there was no way he was going to fly or float across that. Azemith looked at Visophecin.
“Was it a…?”
The Lucifen looked at Ryoka and nodded.
“Yes. It was a Dragon.”
 
——
 
[Goblin Soulbard Level 37!]
[Skill – Song: Ballad of the Horns of Hammerad created.]
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: This is the longest chapter of Volume 9 yet. I regret everything.
Would you believe…I had the entire confrontation with Teriarch planned as part of this chapter? I guess old habits still die hard.
Anyways, I have a lot to say. But I am so exhausted I can’t say it. In brief—I hope this chapter was in some way good. I worry that I lacked for sleep or energy and didn’t hit every scene, but I tried, darn it.
You’ve gotta try. This is where editing might have really helped, but I’ve worked for at least 18 hours over three days. Probably more. I’m gonna hit publish soon and hope you like it. Uncertainty, hard work, and the death of hands.
This is The Wandering Inn’s style. Thanks for reading and see you next chapter. I have no idea what it’ll be about. Persua, probably.
 
How to Carry Your Innkeeper by ArtsyNada!


Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/illudanajohns/
Ko-fi: https://ko-fi.com/illudanajohns
Commission info: https://i.imgur.com/OmNDuK8.jpg



 
Belavierr and Angry Belavierr by seenkay!
 
 
Cast of The Wandering Inn by butts! (Yes, that was their username.)

 

