9.05 NPR
Page 24
And then Shriekblade appeared. She swung down out of the rafters, and Pisces jerked in his seat. He hadn’t noticed her! One second nothing, then he remembered there was an insane Named Adventurer in the inn.
Not just Saliss. But one who was known for her violence. It was as if he forgot she existed—it had to be a Skill.
Along with the scarred Drake’s presence came a smell. Mrsha clapped two paws over her nose and ran, yelping, and Ishkr gagged. Even Pisces and Numbtongue smelled it. The Hob covered his nose, and Pisces picked up the pungent odors he had sometimes, uh, smelled on himself.
That was, of someone who had been living in their clothes for two weeks. And who stepped in a puddle and thought that was fine. And so was the mold. True, flies began avoiding him, but that was a net benefit, and you got used to—
Erin turned green up close, but she held her ground.
“You stink, Tessa.”
“How do you smell me? No one can smell me. Not even Gnolls.”
Tessa’s smell was not just down to her living in her clothes. She had what looked like food stains on her clothing. She was apparently a messy eater. So imagine a fourteen-day-old meatball that had gelled with some ice cream and…
Erin covered her nose.
“It’s my inn. You can stay here, and really, you need a room, but take a bath. Now.”
“I can jump in a stream.”
“Bath. Do we have a batht—”
“No.”
Ishkr and Lyonette both chorused instantly. Pisces was fairly certain there was a copper bathtub, or some kind of wooden one, but Ishkr was adamant.
“She should go to Liscor’s bathhouse, Miss Erin.”
“Ooh, good point.”
The guests instantly protested, though. A Drake, Menolit, waved an urgent claw.
“No, wait! Go to Pallass’! Theirs are better!”
“Yeah, I want to have a bath today! Pallass is a Walled City! They’re superior!”
“I’ve always said that baths equal Pallass. We just can’t compete. I’ll put it in writing.”
Unfortunately, Erin was in no mood to bully past the door guards in Pallass. She pointed at Tessa.
“Liscor’s got bathhouses. Um…go for it.”
“I’ll just—”
“No! Bathe with soap! Shampoo! Brushes!”
Erin was getting really distressed by the smell. She waved her arms and turned to Lyonette.
“We should have a big bathroom here. At least a shower. Let’s build one—but for now—”
“Okay. I’ll go.”
Tessa was clearly not in the mood to argue. She headed for the door, and Erin narrowed her eyes at the Drake’s back. That was a fast turnaround, and as Pisces could have told you…
“Waitaminute. You’re lying. Do you have a change of clothes?”
Tessa’s shoulders hunched.
“Yes. Somewhere. I’m going to the bathhouses.”
Erin patently didn’t believe her. The [Innkeeper]’s head swung around, but Lyonette put up her hands.
“I have to help finish making food, and you’re busy.”
“Ishk—”
“No.”
The flat refusal made Erin blink. She switched targets and brightened up.
“Numbtongue! You’re looking smelly. Why don’t you walk Tessa to the bathhouse? And Pisces! Do you bathe?”
Both Hob and [Necromancer] were insulted at the insinuation. However—before either could protest, Erin was directing them to the public bathhouse. Tessa glowered as they found themselves standing outside.
“I bathe.”
Numbtongue began counting on his fingers.
“…Eight days ago. At the Wailant farm.”
“Did you shower since then?”
The Hob gave Pisces a blandly insulted look.
“I have a bucket from the well. I dump it over my head after morning workout.”
Pisces sniffed and wished he hadn’t.
“Well, I take care of my personal body odor. There is such a thing as [Cleanse] spells. And odor spells besides.”
“Yeah, cast one on me and we’ll go inside.”
