9.05 NPR
Page 9
For answer, Foliana just pulled something out of her bag of holding and laid it on the table.
“My sources are better than yours, see?”
The Titan had to stand up from his breakfast seat to get a look at the pamphlet of paper. He saw a fairly colorful title—Foliana paid for color—a city surrounded by water, and a big #2 next to the name.
 
The Liscorian Gazette.
 
Below were subheadings listing the articles within as the catchy title and covers hadn’t been perfected yet.
 
Containing: the Birds of Liscor, a column by Bird the Antinium. An exclusive interview with Senior Guardsman Klbkch by [Reporter] Drassi on hobbies, love life, and more! Your Top 10 worst monster encounters, ranked! And more! 
(Chess Monthly now sold separately.)
 
The Titan’s mouth worked as he read through the magazine. He glanced up.
“What love life…?”
“It was a lie.”
Even Three-Color Stalker was disappointed about that. But hey, it was definitely pushing sales. Niers sat back in his chair. After a moment, he resumed talking.
“—The Iron Vanguard will try to destroy them. So I want a fleet.”
“Got a better idea than watching them burn this time?”
“As a matter of fact—yes. We’ll beg, borrow, steal, or buy as many ships as we can.”
“Mm. And how is this my best [Strategist]?”
Foliana fished some earwax out of her ear and flicked it at him. Niers smugly dodged it.
“Because this time, Perorn is doing the hoofwork with our coin. We’ll ferry our troops from Baleros. Intrigued?”
The giant Squirrel thought about it. She nodded at Niers and then gave him one of her long stares. Disconcerting, as all three colors ran together.
“Are you sure you’re well?”
Niers Astoragon gave her a tight smile.
“I’m as well as I need to be. I learned some lessons in Izril, Foliana. Complacency is one of them. I want Jungle Tails dead. Slap a 10,000 gold bounty on anyone above [Captain] in rank. Clemency without questions for any [Soldiers] who turn over their superior’s head. Now if you’ll excuse me, I have some Goblins to talk to. And my fellow Fraerlings.”
He left her at the table. Foliana was still recuperating, and so they’d taken inspiration from The Wandering Inn. She refused to get on a floating pedestal, much less a Golem-carried chair or the other methods of transport elderly figures used.
However, Foliana would accept a wheelchair to which she had attached two pieces of plywood that spun around at wheel-level. It would kneecap everyone not standing clear of her.
The fact that she could even move around much less be an obnoxious hazard showed just how effective those Shards of Relief had been. Niers marched towards the open Fraer-ways as one of the servants placed a little ramp so he could climb up into the hidden tunnels throughout the academy.
Rich, bacoina-wood floors. Glass featured heavily in the Fraer-ways—carpets, not so much. Niers had imported some art, but since the Forgotten Wing Company didn’t have a community so much as younger Fraerlings who signed up for a few years, it was a bit sparse.
Hanging Tallfolk art was impossible, and while some fancied themselves good enough to carve poems on grains of rice, the writing looked rough when you were Niers’ size.
No carpets. Lots of glass. Niers had long since known they looked more like an expensive tunnel system than a home. He nodded to a few young Fraerlings who greeted him with clear relief and excitement.
“Lord Astoragon, it’s good to have you back. The representatives—”
“I’m on my way just after this next meeting. Isn’t it Oiex? I hope you stayed out of trouble during the fighting.”
