9.05 NPR
Page 38
The Centaur, so quick on her feet and with her tongue, stumbled on a reply. Niers just smiled and felt…good. Just a tiny bit. Marian turned red with pride, and that was important too.
He meant every word. But he was also inspecting Marian’s hooves. To be more precise, her foremost right leg. Because…he was fairly certain she shouldn’t have been walking.
The Centauress noticed the glance.
“Professor, did you hear about the battle?”
“I read your report. I’m not going to lecture you—”
“Please, do. I know my mistakes.”
“—now, I was going to say. We’ll be analyzing your battles in class.”
“Oh, of course.”
Niers looked down at Marian’s leg as the Centauress laughed. She went on after a moment.
“…I thought I could take out the enemy commander. I had my shot. Venaz turned out to be right—one unkillable leader nearly turned over the battle. I…well. I found out what happens when you make that mistake in battle. Do you think I should have done it differently?”
Her leg had been gone—eaten up to her torso by the crazed Quexal. Now, a strange prosthesis had replaced it. It looked like a hardlight projection of some kind. Like [Light Bridge], but sculpted into a leg that moved almost as nimbly as her old leg had.
Fraerling technology. Even Perorn didn’t have that—although she only had a war wound, so it wasn’t as if she’d ever wanted to amputate her leg. Yet on this scope? Niers looked up and answered slowly.
“I would have probably taken that risk. Especially if I thought I had a chance of ending the battle.”
Marian smiled weakly.
“That’s…good to know, sir. I’m not the only one who got chewed up. I’m—grateful, if anything. I can actually walk. You can do it with three legs or even two, or at least, stand. But—”
Centaurs who couldn’t run about were crippled. And their culture had a stigma against it. Niers just nodded.
“I was exceptionally happy to see you come through those gates, lack of caution or not. Now…who am I meeting?”
 
——
 
Marian’s leg was not the only sign of Paeth being in Talenqual. They had been here two weeks, and the rubble was still not all swept away. There was a heavy presence of soldiers watching for trouble, but the city already looked different than any other part of Baleros, including Elvallian.
First was the clinic. It was practically untouched in the fighting; both sides had avoided the Last Light’s practice, and two more had popped up across the city. Geneva Scala had always maintained that a [Doctor] alone could not hope to tend to a single town, let alone a city, but she had never had much support outside her small company.
The new owners of the city who knew her had taken her ideas to heart. As well as the influence of…somewhere else.
Lizardfolk were laying down a thick, tar-like substance that Marian told Niers would form a smooth surface even better than concrete for roads.
“And you just had the recipe lying around?”
“No, Professor. The Fraerling [Alchemists] mixed it up. They did a few trial runs based on the local resources and some…accounts.”
She looked shifty, and Niers sighed.
“Marian. I sent you here to investigate the Humans. I assume they’ve taken you into their confidences, but believe me, I knew what you were looking for.”
“You knew—of course you did.”
Marian covered her face, and Niers chuckled.
“Alright, roads. Someone knows the benefit of good transportation. But I’ll wait till I talk t—is that a Fraerling over there?”
He whirled around and pointed, and Marian jumped. A Fraerling looked up from the window of a building—Niers’ shout was so loud half the street and his guards turned.
“…Is that the Titan?”
