9.05 NPR
Page 47
A burly [Warrior] joked. Everyone laughed, but Yvlon just nodded at the Adventurer’s Guild.
“The Guildmaster has it under lock and key, and [Thieves] have been going at it every week. No one’s been able to divide the loot while we were on Chandrar. They argued for nearly a month until it turned out we were alive.”
“…And graciously waited until our return for the most equitable distribution?”
Pisces’ lips quirked at his own joke, and Typhenous laughed. Yvlon rolled her eyes.
“No. They want what we found. It’s all loot recovered from the raid, so the claim is we should divide it under the same rules.”
“Ah.”
“Yep. However, Ceria’s been talking with the other teams, and she’s reminded them of something that might bite them—we have the claim on the Helm of Fire. One Relic, guaranteed.”
Now that would be…well, the other adventurers fell silent as Pisces bit his lip.
A Relic on par with the Heartflame Breastplate, for their team. Az’kerash had sent back a message. A very…confusing message that seemed to indicate he didn’t need the Helm of Fire as he had not fulfilled his obligations.
 
…to you, apprentice of death, I will cede the relic if it should aid your own studies. My armory is replete enough without it.
 
Very generous. Suspiciously generous. So thoughtful, in fact, that Pisces was wondering if that was a subtle hint telling him to absolutely donate the Helm of Fire or else. However, the Necromancer had assured him after a few tactfully worded questions that he meant what he said.
Pisces cast a [Silence] spell and whispered to Yvlon.
“We—could very well lift the claim on the Helm of Fire. Selys will be unhappy, but it is no longer mandatory.”
Her brows shot up.
“Selys wants it? Of course—the set. We might have to let her down, Pisces. It’s like swimming with Crelers here. Some teams have even been saying we should cut out groups that perished like Lifwail Blades. You know, the ones who were all wiped out?”
Pisces blinked. Part of what the Horns had done after the crypt raid was give proceeds from Albez to the dead adventurers.
“Truly? That seems exceptionally unchivalrous.”
“It’s not going to stand. I’ll let Ceria know about the Helm. You just…mingle. And don’t cause any fights. Why is Erin bringing Numbtongue here?”
Yvlon had finally noticed Erin. Pisces grimaced.
“I believe she’s introducing a Goblin to Invrisil.”
Yvlon just groaned and shook her head as she pushed herself up.
“Wonderful. Alright, wish me luck. And find me a calming tonic—if I hear one more idiot saying ‘the dead don’t need gold’—”
She stomped off. Ceria looked calm as ice, and Pisces wondered if it was her class—if anything, the representative from Elia looked nervous as he whispered in her ear.
“Pisces. Do you want to take a look at the inventory?”
“Let me check on Erin first, Seborn.”
The Drowned Man nodded as Pisces pushed himself up. He walked back into the common room and heard a familiar voice.
“[Bard]. B-A-R-D. Erin Solstice, The Wandering Inn. I post quests. Oh, and there’s Pisces! Pisces! Tell them I know you! I keep wanting to go in the back rooms, but apparently it’s only for Gold-ranks. That’s Pisces. He’s a guest at my inn. One of the first. [Necromancer]. N-E-C…you can probably spell that.”
Again, Pisces twitched. He saw a Silver-rank adventurer talking to Erin glance his way and recoil. Could Erin not ruin his reputation with any adventurer who hadn’t met him yet?
He began to walk towards her and felt angry. He didn’t care about the loot.
Really, truly, he didn’t. It felt hollow, meaningless, and…greedy.
