9.05 NPR
Page 62
“We’re here to take Jungle Tails to account. If a Fraerling city is held hostage and if our people are alive—we will free them. Great Company or not. Paeth is free to do what they wish, but we’ll have words. But you were only half-right. We came here seeking Forgotten Wing support, and your Foliana agreed to lend us soldiers, resources, and your academy. We’ll be headquartering here, rather than any one city in case of reprisals and so that we’re unified. You are not our commander, but I will be working with you.”
The hairs on the back of his neck were rising. Niers saw the Fraerlings nodding and felt the buzz in his academy. So many Fraerlings. Thousands?
But he’d built Elvallian to hold that many. They’d have to open the old rooms, ensure everything was safe—Niers looked into the eyes of the Tallguard, and she was not afraid of him. She knew exactly who he was. That was why she’d sought him out.
“The second reason we came in such numbers is because every single one of us might be needed. If it was just Nagas, we’d send kill-teams into their forts when we found them. However, our Farspeakers have been talking, and we agree—no one city alone can hope to pierce into the Dyed Lands. The colors are not ceasing their advance. Monsters are overrunning cities nonstop. It’s not just Fraerlings in danger.”
The Dyed Lands. Niers exhaled, and Gindal spoke up.
“If my people are there—I will find them. But if not, a Great Company needs to halt this disaster. Worse might follow. Niers Astoragon, are you willing to send the Forgotten Wing at this foe?”
It was a formality, but they all watched his expression. And oh, but he tried. The Titan did his best—
But was it wrong that he smiled? Despite the loss of life, despite the danger? He knew it was wrong, because it would be costly and people would die—
Yet, at last. At last, a foe without morality. A cause—people to save. The Titan of Baleros looked around and saw his people in his home. He straightened his back and nodded.
“I couldn’t build you a city. Nor keep other settlements safe. I will admit, the Forgotten Wing company guards its own interests, and we grab for power.”
He looked from face to face as they watched him.
“…I can’t protect or save or liberate. But war? I can do war. Welcome to the Forgotten Wing Company.”
Then, at last—he did smile.
 
——
 
Rhisveri Zessoprical stood among the immortals of Ailendamus. Well, it was impossible for him to stand with his real body, but his representative stood.
Better that than a sock puppet. If that was the judge and arbiter, Ryoka Griffin would laugh her way to the headsman’s block.
…Was it going to be that? She didn’t think so. She hoped not. If she was going to die—well, Ryoka thought it would be so fast no one could stop him.
So she waited as Visophecin and the others watched Rhisveri. He looked…calm. Menorkel was there. Gilaw was not.
She didn’t want to look at Ryoka. Even now, Menorkel gazed at Ryoka, replaying Fithea’s death.
There was a remove in the immortals, and many gazed at Ryoka with more wariness than they had shown any other mortal. She had brought death to Ailendamus, but even more—the knowledge that their great kingdom might not be the biggest fish. The ocean was pouring in, and they were afraid.
Fearful people did silly things. Perhaps immortals had learned their lessons, but Rhisveri was learning what it was like to lose someone. Possibly for the first time.
Yet he spoke, rather grandly, into the silence.
“Here stands a thief.”
Oh no, not again. Uziel rolled his eyes, and Visophecin looked exasperated. However, Rhisveri went on.
