9.05 NPR
Page 54
“…He’s changed a bit. It might go to his head—but this Pisces is the guy who bested Roshal. He’s a true Gold-rank adventurer who met the Death of Chains and sailed with Fetohep of Khelt and the King of Destruction. When they meet you, if someone only sees a [Necromancer], they deserve a kick up the butt. That’s why I’m saying it.”
She gestured around at the guild, the street.
“Be prouder of your class, Pisces. Because you represent it.”
Nervously, beet-red, Erin looked up and saw Pisces’ mouth open. He stood there, looking stupefied, and Erin laughed.
“Don’t let it make you too big-headed. Okay?”
She whirled her chair around. And then Pisces felt like the clouds opened. He held his friends’ letter and knew they were alive. He looked up—and it was like a beam of light was shining down, illuminating him.
The first adventurer pushed forwards, glancing at Erin.
“—I don’t know if I’ve ever introduced myself, but we were in the raid together. [All-Terrain Ranger]. I saw your behemoth-thing clear a street when we were about to get swarmed. I thought I’d never get a chance to thank you. Muskrat’s the name.”
“Muskrat? Er—Pisces. I have to thank you for fighting with us.”
“Thanks.”
The Silver-rank sort of deserved his name; he had a scruffy face full of hair all about the same length, from beard and cheeks to head, so it did sort of feel like a feral animal was inhabiting his face. Yet he sat down, and Pisces saw Erin wheel over with some drinks.
“Order up!”
She left them alone, and more adventurers drifted over. Muskrat was not the only adventurer to make a beeline to Pisces. The [Necromancer] pointed at a familiar young man with faintly burnt robes.
“Levil—Pithfire Hounds? Ryoka’s friend? [Inferno Mage]?”
“You remember! And it’s [Inferno Pyromancer] now. Long-burning flames. Nearly burnt down a forest on a request while we’ve been waiting here. Say—you don’t know what’s going on in the back-rooms, do you? Us Silvers are stuck in here hoping the Gold-ranks don’t cut us out. Your friend Yvlon and some like Typhenous are good enough to clue us in, but we’re feeling sort of nervous.”
Pisces glanced towards the back rooms and at Todi. He was all too conscious of how it must feel to be barred from the ‘elite’ circle.
“If I know Ceria and Yvlon, a fair deal is all but guaranteed. They—I will do my utmost to make it fair. I am familiar with…favoritism.”
He tried to assure Levil and the other anxious Silver-ranks. Then, a loud commotion made him turn his head.
“Wh—everyone look at the scrying orb! Look!”
The Fraerlings had finished their deliberations in the background. They were going down a list of top 5 adventurers. Noa was happily listing them off.
“Number one is the Titan of Baleros, Lord Astoragon. Obviously. I know he’s retired, but still. Second? I really like the Stargnoll. She’s the youngest Named-rank adventurer in the world! Third. Um. Third is probably Ksmvr of Chandrar. Because he’s an Antinium. Then I think I’d choose the Hell’s Warden of the sea—Resk, what’s her name…?”
Ksmvr. Suddenly, the Antinium was on the news. Ksmvr looked around as the Adventurer’s Guild erupted into cheers and shouting.
“Ksmvr—get in here! You’re on the news!”
Ceria kicked open the door to the back rooms, and Ksmvr got up. So famous even Fraerlings knew his name. Pisces was smiling for Ksmvr, but the Antinium [Skirmisher] turned.
“Comrade Pisces, shall we go?”
Levil fell silent as he grinned at Ksmvr. Pisces heard a clamor from the Gold-ranks, who were not immune to fame.
