9.05 NPR
Page 57
But he was in frame. What would he show the world, the watching fans, young and two hundred years old, his comrades in Chandrar, and Noa?
The Gold-rank adventurer paused—then turned his back. He spread his legs slightly, relaxed his shoulders—and up came one arm.
He raised a thumb and stood there, as if he was signaling for a cab on Earth. A Hobgoblin’s gesture. A simple sign to show anyone everything was okay.
It was either cool or embarrassing, and you could take whichever one you wanted. Erin was clapping her hands and laughing, and Numbtongue couldn’t see Pisces’ face, but the Hobgoblin thought he was smiling.
The Hob played on, that chaotic, happy-sad song. And the Horns of Hammerad came out of the crowd. Dignified?
Ksmvr came crowd-surfacing out of the sea and landed on his back-shell, waving all four arms around as he tried to rock back up to his feet.
A giant metal fist punched a Gold-rank Captain past Pisces and Ksmvr as Yvlon, wiping blood from one nostril, advanced on her opponent. She froze as she saw the scrying orb and tried to smile and hide her bloody fist behind her back. She made a peace sign with two fingers.
Last came Ceria, who flipped the half-Elf clinging onto her over the table. She landed on a chest and grabbed a mug and basket of french fries. She swung herself into place next to Pisces, drinking unapologetically in that glimpse of them.
The Horns of Hammerad. Then, Pisces was laughing and trying to look impressive. And he was sure—the laughter wasn’t just coming from Captain Todi and his friends.
In Pomle, the Fraerlings, and whomever you wanted—they were either laughing or cheering and shouting his name.
The [Necromancer]. Yes. But say it right.
This was Pisces, the [Necromancer]. Member of the Horns of Hammerad.
The one you liked. Pisces rubbed at one teary eye and nodded at Erin. At last—he thought he was ready to talk to her.
 
——
 
Smile. A young Fraerling was laughing, around Tallfolk, and she looked like the happiest person in the world. For a moment.
Dreams did come true. Just not for everyone. Yet Niers Astoragon had been the first Fraerling out in the world. If not for his company, perhaps this wouldn’t have followed.
That was an older man’s reward, he supposed. Even so—Niers flew back from Paeth on the Coast after an entire day of talking. He couldn’t spare any more, and while he’d be back—he didn’t have a part in this new city as a contributor.
He was an outsider. Niers couldn’t even blame Ekrn for the decision; the Fraerling’s choice had been as pragmatic as anything else. The Forgotten Wing company was a dangerous ally for Paeth, who would want to play the board.
Having a powerful Fraerling city backing an individual Great Company made it a target for destruction.
It was just—
Not him? Niers Astoragon slunk back to his academy, landing the war-pigeon in the aviary, and stood at the entrance to the Fraer-ways a second.
Foliana was already there to greet him. It might have been Perorn—but the Centauress was another continent away. The Squirrel Beastkin rolled her deathtrap wheelchair around.
“They didn’t want you, did they? Mm. Thought so.”
“I’m so thankful you didn’t tell me beforehand. I couldn’t do with you rubbing it in.”
Niers briskly fed the bird some grapes, patting it on the beak as he avoided looking at her. One giant, furry paw reached up.
“Poor Titan. There, there.”
