9.05 NPR
Page 46
“…As regularly as one bathes or changes clothes. Periodic nudity is a custom for most species, as I understand it.”
“That’s not the same.”
“But your clothes are off. I do not quite understand the stigma against a lack of clothes. Most Antinium are naked. We put on clothing to leave the Hive.”
“You’re all [Nudists]?”
“…I did not think we were. Oh dear. Maybe we will all gain the class?”
Ksmvr’s mandibles clacked together at the light laughter. He really was hard to dislike. At another table, Yvlon Byres had almost as many adventurers keen to talk to her for obvious reasons.
Her silver arms stood out. Pisces eyed a [Warrior] rotating his shoulder and wondered if someone had made the stupid mistake of challenging her to an arm-wrestling contest. The [Armsmistress] was in more serious talks with none other than Seborn and—Pisces saw with some gratification—Typhenous.
Neither Gold-rank adventurer had their team with them. They were representatives, Typhenous probably because Invrisil had been his home. He was also, frankly, the best option for cold-blooded negotiations compared to Revi, Halrac, or Briganda.
“…got to cut Prince Zenol and the others not here a fair portion.”
“Fair? Elia Arcsinger wants the Helm of Fire, and the Terlands are backing Eldertuin.”
“We had an agreement—”
Typhenous broke in smoothly.
“…Which the Silver-rank teams are justifiably nervous about. You know how things change, Yvlon. Many of the Gold-rank teams would like to, ah, claim certain items outright and relegate the rest to gold-distribution.”
Yvlon’s jaw clenched as she glanced up at some of the Gold-rank teams who seemed to be in a kind of alliance with Elia’s representative.
“Ceria called this raid. Our team did. We’ll be fair. Can I count on your teams to back us up, Seborn, Typhenous?”
“What loot are you going to give us? Alright—don’t turn your hands into a damn knife. Yes, Jelaqua’s all for it. But it’s going to be messy. Pisces. There he is.”
Seborn waved to Pisces, and the [Necromancer] approached. He recognized some adventurers vaguely, but it felt like a lifetime ago.
Even now, he got a few wary nods rather than effusive greetings. One of the [Strategists], an Owlkin Beastwoman, spoke in an eerie whisper reminiscent of hooting.
“Adventurer Jealnet. We were discussing fair distribution of the limited artifacts. Join us.”
“I—thank you, Adventurer…”
“Soew. [Strategist].”
“Of course. I’m, ah, partial to being called ‘Pisces’ as opposed to my last name.”
“Naturally.”
A few more adventurers came over as Pisces sat down and caught up on what was essentially a lot of arguing over who got what. Keldrass’ team, the Flamewardens, the ‘Silver-rank’ team of Maweil’s Reach, the three Minotaurs, and even a Gnoll representing the Pride of Kelia had all joined this discussion.
Old adventurers and young, each one trying to play nice and get an artifact or payout above the others. Pisces glanced at Yvlon.
“What, pray, did we actually recover from the raid beyond what the Horns took?”
Her smile was wry.
“You’d be amazed, Pisces. Did you see that Drake Revenant who cut up all the monsters?”
Pisces had actually watched the public video of the raid, so he nodded.
“A true monster. I’m amazed he was brought down.”
“Yeah, well—we got his sword. And he had a bag of holding full of high-grade artifacts. Before we pulled out, we looted monster parts from the big monsters—yanked a bunch of artifacts from the Skeleton Lords. But the main thing was the Helm of Fire. Everyone wants that.”
“I’ll take the sword.”
