9.05 NPR
Page 23
“Ooh. Nice trick. What happens if you were caught?”
“[Flash Step]. Illusory spells. Then I turn myself invisible. Most towns or villages have no one capable of seeing through the spell. Nor are they wise enough to figure out how to locate me.”
“I thought Erin hit you with a frying pan?”
Pisces sniffed.
“…I didn’t think she would actually throw it at me. I was a giant, pustulous monster.”
“That’s Erin for you.”
They were having a convivial chat. Although…Numbtongue still had no more insight into how to ‘play’ Pisces’ song. He knew now that it was probably not gothic rock, nor the pure heroic music for sure. Pisces was too…
Unique for that. If anything, he seemed as uncertain as Numbtongue as to who he was. The odd [Necromancer] in a Gold-rank team. The Hobgoblin found himself smiling naturally and almost forgot his song and Pisces’ woes for a second.
Right up until a ghostly claw poked him in the side, of course. He didn’t really feel it, but Reiss whispered in his ear.
“Let me talk to him. He’s a [Necromancer]. So was I.”
Pyrite poked Numbtongue from the other side.
“I want to eat a Spider Succulent.”
Shorthilt poked Numbtongue’s sword.
“I want to cut something.”
 
——
 
It eternally amazed Pisces, even though he should surely expect it. Even so—it was the quality of Erin’s inn that he just made…well, if not friends, then likable acquaintances so easily.
The first had, of course, been Ksmvr. But Olesm and now Numbtongue were just fun to be around.
Not even them. Pisces suspected he and Halrac would only have exchanged words in a fight to the death or at the tip of an arrow before coming to The Wandering Inn.
“Finding someone else as erudite a conversationalist is a pleasure.”
“F-forsooth.”
Mrsha held up a notecard hesitantly. Numbtongue and Pisces looked at her as she tried to qualify for the conversation.
She fled their amused smiles more than the scorn and arrows of any words. Pisces chuckled, and Numbtongue grinned.
Then Erin emerged from the kitchen, and Pisces’ stomach clenched.
She was out again. He’d missed the last—eight times? Enough.
Say it. Just get up and say—
Erin was sniffing the air, and Pisces thought she was mocking him, but she wheeled around randomly. He clenched his jaw, forgetting the moment.
He had to. He’d feel better. He hoped he would. At the very least—
He hadn’t even told the other Horns. He’d tell them after Erin.
Say it. Sayitsayitsayitsayitsayitsayitsayit—
His head lowered. Pisces was afraid and ashamed. He couldn’t even have explained it. Just…he didn’t say it.
Pisces had never told anyone he was—sad. Or hurt. Or needed help. He had never expected to say those words. Not since Gewilena and Feren and being a boy.
So they caught, like pebbles of truth trying to roll through miles of gravel, no matter how hard he threw them out of his heart. He wished Erin would pry them out of him.
That would be easier. That was, in part, why he liked her so much. Because she had once looked at him and saw the person he hoped he might be. Or was afraid he could be.
But no, she was just rolling about as the silly [Innkeeper], sniffing the air. Mrsha thought Erin was mocking her…right up until Erin pointed up.
“Aha! I see you up there! And I can smell you too, even if no one else can! Come down here, please.”
There was no response. Pisces, however, sat up, and so did Numbtongue. Erin folded her arms.
“I know you’re there. No, uh, free beds? Wait, do you have a room here? I’ll…”
