9.05 NPR
Page 39
Both Niers and the other Fraerling just gawked at each other. You had to understand—a Fraerling in the wild was the strangest, craziest thing Niers had ever seen. Yet there she was, just standing behind some glass in a shop with a bunch of Lizardfolk, two Dullahans, and a Human.
“What in the name of aphids is—”
The entire convoy halted, and Marian trotted into the shop as Niers had to investigate. The Fraerling blinked at Niers and then nodded.
“Lord Astoragon. I needed a volunteer. Do you have ten minutes?”
“I—what? Volunteer for what, exactly?”
The Fraerling’s eyes glinted, and only then did Niers see the oddly padded tables, the diagrams of various bodies, and the oils and such around the room. The Fraerling pointed.
“Shirt and armor off, if you please. Or at least the armor.”
 
——
 
Niers Astoragon lay face-first on a table, questioning his life choices.
“Each part of the body is connected. There’s actually a muscle that runs all the way from the bone up the arm and down the hand. If we sliced open someone, you’d see it.”
Someone ran a finger down his back as she moved his arm to demonstrate, and his audience murmured. The Titan muttered.
“I’ll do it myself. Just let me—aaahhaha. That stings!”
The cry came from the [Masseuse] gently poking his shoulder in a place that made his arm jerk. She gave him a long look, and the Fraerling woman looked up to her trainees.
“It seems the Titan of Baleros has shoulder pain. Which you’d want to loosen up. There’s a basic test you can run on most humanoid bodies, from Dullahans to Centaurs, that shows if a muscle-area is in distress. Now, each species, each person varies, but there is a logic to it. For instance, if you stretch out Lord Astoragon’s arm like this, you are acting on the muscles that are sore. Here and here.”
She took his arm in two of hers, and Niers groaned.
“I didn’t come here to pull my arms off—hey, that feels good.”
The stretch was actually very painful since he’d been sitting at a desk for ages doing paperwork—but then he felt his arm limber up.
“I’m expediting about a few hours of stretching each day for a week. And some salve will keep the muscle fresh. If I were an expert—which I am not—I could make a [Warrior] as flexible as a [Body Dancer]. Very lucrative. I specialize in restoring mobility.”
“Would this work on someone very old, Miss Porwinke? I’d be worried about tearing their muscles.”
“You work them up to it. And in fact, you want to have them building the muscle they’re neglecting. Now, I think I felt at least some Galas-muscle here, and that behaves differently. Give me five more minutes, Lord Astoragon?”
For fixing his shoulder pain, she could have fifty. Niers had forgotten what it was like to have a massage.
Even if he’d cared to waste Signim, most Tallfolk had all the knowledge of massages from mentorships, not a Fraerling’s knowledge of the body combined with their alchemical prowess. What this Fraerling was teaching her students was probably the height of massage-therapy.
It was also probably a course in biology beyond what many [Healers] had. And she was standing in this shop…in front of Tallfolk…unafraid and teaching them.
Porwinke talked to Niers after her short demo with someone her size. He rubbed at his shoulder, which felt great, and raised his brows.
“Teaching Tallfolk. Don’t tell me you’ve done this before? Were you Tallguard?”
“How’d you know? I was still shaking the first four times I did it, but those volunteers want to learn, they’re very respectful of me, and they’ll share some of their profits for a few years with Paeth.”
