9.05 NPR
Page 8
“Oh? But there are none in Ailendamus due to our superior system of government.”
“Don’t worry! There will be after I accidentally murder all the adults in the next town. Bye~!”
She began to head off to the side as the other puppets ducked away. Ryoka thought that might be the end of it, and Visophecin clearly did, because he was turning to whisper to her.
“What is…?”
Then he turned as an entire town popped up and a bunch of innocent townspeople meandered about as Ryoka cheerfully waved her sword at them.
“Oh, and look! Here’s my best friend, Cara, the treacherous Singer of Terandria with her hammer!”
The Lucifen’s stare almost made Ryoka laugh. Almost…but she whispered back.
“This could go on for an hour.”
“An hour?”
It was almost funny. Almost—and the other things the Wyrm was creating. He’d been doing it for two weeks, now.
Almost hilarious, because she didn’t think she was going to die. And yet—Ryoka stared as her puppet began to ‘accidentally’ decapitate people in the village with Cara wielding a giant hammer and beating the other puppets to death. While singing.
Bits of ‘blood’, gore, Ryoka professing how sad she was and none of it was her fault—yes, it was pointed, and yes, it was stupid.
But she watched a little child-puppet leaning over another dead one.
“Mother. Mother? Wake up. I don’t want you to go.”
It whispered, hugging the dead puppet-body. Maybe the rest of it was fake. Maybe this was all an act to get on her nerves or hurt her.
But the voice whispering behind the puppet-child was his. Two fake cloth hands reached down and shook the body, so gently. Then urgently. Then stopped, and a pair of fake, sewn eyes stared around vacantly at nothing at all.
And it sounded…Ryoka closed her eyes.
It was the best play she’d ever seen, if it was acting.
 
——
 
“I want an armada.”
“Who’s going to pay for it?”
“Me. I’ll damn well fund the ships myself if I have to. But we need an armada. We have forces abroad.”
“That you sent. This sounds like a problem you made.”
“Well, yes. And now it’s your problem. So—what are we going to do about it? We nearly lost to Jungle Tails. We need to restructure. Oh—and I need two companies in Talenqual yesterday.”
Niers Astoragon enjoyed his games of slow chess. He often practiced a laid-out schedule where he would teach his classes, keep the company running, and maintain order in the Forgotten Wing Company’s vast domain.
Right now, he was a whirling dervish flinging out orders and requests, and the [Servants] and [Strategists] rushing past the breakfast table where he and Foliana were still debating were a symbol of how much was happening.
Foliana munched on an odd meal. It looked like…steel wool. Literal steel wool covered in honey. She spat some out.
“Mm. I think Peclir Im lied to me.”
“You actually took him seriously when he said that was his favorite food?”
Even Niers was distracted for a second. Foliana shrugged. She reached for a plate of spaghetti with, of all things, deadly amentus fruits squeezed into a cup.
“Sometimes people tell the truth. I killed a Lizardwoman who ate mud. Just mud. From houses. Mm. Spaghetti.”
She slurped down a few noodles and concentrated.
“…Still too far. Damn.”
“No Antinium on Baleros?”
Niers asked half-sarcastically, but Foliana treated it like a real question.
“If there are, they don’t like spaghetti. Good to know. Or the Slayer liking this was a lie. Also good to know.”
“…How do you learn these things? I have [Spy] reports, and I have never, ever, seen anything about what Klbkch the Slayer considers his favorite food.”
