9.05 NPR
Page 5
As for the captors—Ryoka thought they were the archetype of unthinking brutes. The only thing she saw in their eyes was boredom—or malice. Their clothes were black but still stained with liquid, and the entire prison complex was often filled with moaning or distant screams.
It smelled just fine. Sort of musty, and there was the faint hint of magical sage, that tingling in the nostrils that signaled magic. Oh—and the brutes who kept dragging prisoners out for torture weren’t Ryoka’s guards.
They were actually Dame Chorisa and another [Knight] of the Thirsting Veil. Ryoka saw the two bringing her food, and they were the only ones standing guard at the entrance to the dungeon. They looked disturbed by the screaming, or had—now, Ryoka thought they’d brought earplugs.
Which was a bad idea for guards for a cell of Ailendamus’ worst prisoners. If this were an actual prison.
Ryoka had her doubts. The lack of smell despite the streaks of color on the walls was one clue.
Another was that each time the brutish thugs took out a prisoner, it was a different person. And critically, they never seemed to put anyone back in the dungeon. Which might indicate the dungeon’s tortures were horrible and final, but Ryoka had other, subtler clues.
Like the roach about four feet long that skittered past her cell door. Yes, it was disgusting…but it was also just a bit too big. Dungeons had pests, but lice would disturb Ryoka more than a giant roach that even the jailors wouldn’t tolerate.
Also, the rat that kept appearing was the same one. It would run about, squeaking, in the exact same pattern and then disappear in a hole in the walls. It ran through the piece of apple Ryoka had tossed into its path as if it wasn’t there.
The chains were real. The dungeon was fake. The visitors were also real, and Ryoka was expecting Visophecin. Or Itorin. Or Oesca or her mother or a number of people soon.
But it wouldn’t be a dungeon without torture. And the person who had imprisoned her, who had ordered Ryoka thrown into the dungeon, Duke Rhisveri, was a depraved tyrant. He had thought up some clever tortures despite what Ryoka suspected was an injunction on physical harm by the other immortals.
It was beginning again. Ryoka saw two helmeted heads peeking into the prison. With sympathy? Or were they just watching?
Her captors could not stop what came next. The prison dimmed, and the world turned so dark the only thing visible was that bar of light from the window. And then…once again, it happened.
A figure rose from the ground. It looked like—a miniature Ryoka Griffin. She stood there like a little figurine, twice the size of a Fraerling, so one foot tall, barefoot, with the cloth strips bound to her feet, bouncing on her toes, wearing loose running clothing. She even had two missing fingers.
Ryoka stared at the image of herself, and then a series of flowing lines, deep green, appeared in the dark air above the miniature figure.
 
You are standing in a dark room in the Adventurer’s Guild of Tisekn. The windows are closed. Dust lines the floor. There are a few objects on the counter, but they are impossible to make out.
“Excuse me, can you turn on the light?”
A woman calls out. She is silhouetted in the doorway. You can hear lively chatter from beyond. A lantern sits on a table with a little Wand of Sparks.
>> What do you do?
 
It was really, truly amazing. No, she hadn’t told anyone about this particular bit of flavor from her world. Someone had just come up with it himself.
Ryoka sighed.
“I turn on the light.”
 
