9.05 NPR
Page 44
“Prithee, keep moving. Do not crowd—ten steps back, please! No autographs.”
It was like a magic password that flipped a switch in people’s heads. Especially in Invrisil, where the practice of autographs had really caught fire and become a worldwide phenomenon. Wait a second.
No autographs? That implied there was a reason to get said autographs. And if you weren’t allowed to have one, firstly, how dare you. Secondly—a Goblin giving out autographs?
All Erin needed was a second or two. A minute—and then it was hard to restart the ‘look out, a Goblin’ screams. You felt silly being the first one to retread that ground.
“It’s a monster! Call the Watch!”
Someone tried again. But Erin cheerfully shouted back.
“I said, clear a path. Gold-rank adventurers on the move! And a [Bard]! Captain Todi of Todi’s, uh, Super-Elites is too busy to sign autographs! So are Pisces and Numbtongue! Move it!”
Todi’s Super-Elites? Even the Gold-rank Captain was giving Erin a confused look, if somewhat gratified.
It was a very [Innkeeper]-y thing Erin was doing, combined with, well, a [Witch]’s attitude towards crowds. It wasn’t classic witch-behavior, and Erin had never taken Headology 101, but she was a fairly experienced veteran in the field. Her method, as many had observed, was continuously interjecting more confusion into the scene.
First you had a Goblin. Then she said no autographs. And while you were wrestling with this one, she flipped it on Gold-rank adventurers and Todi’s Super-Elites.
“Make way! Pisces the [Necromancer]—coming through! And Numbtongue the [Bard]. And Todi the…Super-Elite. Psst. Todi, what’s your class?”
Pisces had been listening to the entire rampage of Hurricane Erin with some amusement, but his body stiffened when she invoked his class. He looked at Erin, and then there was another round of exclamations.
“[Necromancer]? Did she say…?”
His class was not beloved in Izril. True, it wasn’t the Terandrian reaction, which would have been full-blown panic, even with Erin’s Skills and methods. But the Necromancer had cut a path from the north down to Liscor before he died, and his undead had struck the south too.
“Necromancer.”
The word was almost as reviled as Goblin. Ser Dalimont bent down.
“Miss Erin, perhaps this is not…”
She ignored him. Erin waved around cheerfully as a Watch Sergeant on patrol finally caught up with them.
“Stand back, sir. This group is under protection of the Thronebearers of Calanfer.”
“And Todi’s Super-Elites.”
The Gold-rank Captain chimed in as Ser Sest expertly blocked the patrol. The Watch Sergeant stared at Erin, Numbtongue, and spluttered.
“What’s going on—there’s a Goblin in my city?”
“That’s Numbtongue. [Bard]. We’re headed to the Adventurer’s Guild, so if you want to escort us, be my guest. This is Pisces, Gold-rank adventurer. On very important business with, um…Elia Arcsinger? He’s a [Necromancer] and my pal.”
“A nec—Arcsinger—”
Pisces was staring at Erin, and Numbtongue gave her a huge frown, but Erin kept rolling as he pushed her. The Watch Sergeant had a hurried conversation with Todi, who did know the score. A trio of gold coins and the patrol moved ahead, shouting at people to move aside.
This was really what Pisces had expected of Erin. And yet—he was conscious of the eyes on him as Erin kept shouting his class. Had she done that before? Perhaps she was using [Necromancer] to distract from Goblin, but it added to what he felt was unnecessary chaos.
“Maybe she’s out of practice.”
