9.05 NPR
Page 61
Eirnos tossed a broken bit of plate back on the table. The other Fraerlings sat down, and Niers looked around.
Damn Foliana. The obvious thing to do would be to say, ‘what’s happening?’ and get a response. But that was embarrassing. It was a game, and so he improvised.
“I’m sure this has been asked but can I get you anything? Are you all settled?”
“We could use your actual reports on the movement of Jungle Tails. And—frankly—we’re going to want more rooms. Actual, Tallfolk rooms.”
Eirnos seemed to be in charge, because she answered while checking her nails. Her boots were still up, and Niers stared at them.
The boots stayed where they were.
“Is it—Commander Eirnos? I’ve never been to Culqe.”
Niers tried. The Fraerling woman smiled at him, and he thought she knew he had no idea what was going on.
“Technically, I’m Commander of the Tallguard for my region. If you’ve never heard of Culqe and have no idea what it is, let’s keep it that way. If the Titan doesn’t know—we’re doing our jobs. I think I’ve been appointed—what was it? Iuncuta-Commander in interim. I don’t report to you, in other words. But we’ll share resources.”
“Naturally.”
Niers tried again. The other Fraerlings were all watching him, and Rozcal’s chuckle was loud behind Niers.
“Three-Color Stalker didn’t tell him after all. I told you she was like that.”
Gindal laughed, and the room filled with chuckles as Niers sighed and relaxed. The jig was up. He raised his hands.
“I can guess. Let me give it one shot.”
His heart was pounding out of his chest. He nodded to the embarrassed Fraerling in armor.
“Crelerbane forces. At least…three Tallguard representatives, and I’m counting two Commanders of entire Tallguard regions.”
He nodded at Rozcal and Eirnos. He got nods, and the shadowy Fraerling raised her hand.
“I’m not a commander. Just our representative. A huge admirer, Titan.”
Niers blinked, and then went on, somewhat unsteadily. A feeling was rising in his chest, and he gazed around as he made logic out of this.
“—This is an unprecedented meeting. If I’m right, my academy has thousands of Fraerlings in it.”
“More arriving tomorrow. But go on.”
Eirnos looked at him, and Niers took a breath. That all but confirmed it.
“Your title. That’s old-language. Might I ask what it means?”
Her eyes glinted, and she grinned. She had pointed teeth—some difference in biology?
“Iuncuta means ‘combination’. A fancy title for someone appointed joint head of…”
“…A multi-settlement task force. You’re here about the ransomed Fraerling city.”
Niers finished. His heart was pounding, but no other reason in the world would make so many Fraerlings gather. He amended that.
“Either that or you’re here on behalf of Paeth. Or to take me to task for failing to protect Oierdressql.”
He hoped it wasn’t that last one, but the Fraerlings nodded. Each one, the [Mage] on the floating seat, Eirnos, Rozcal, took a seat as they faced the Titan. Eirnos spoke, pointing one finger at him.
“You’re correct, Titan. We represent over sixteen cities.”
Sixteen? Niers had never been to that many actual cities in his life. Even other Fraerlings didn’t know where their cousins were exactly, for safety. Yet Eirnos went on.
