9.05 NPR
Page 28
Water dripped off his green skin and his own scars as his fingernails, neatly-filed for playing his guitar, clenched together. One thumb rose straight up.
“Good.”
That was all he said for a moment. He waggled his fist at Pisces, and the [Necromancer] blinked, then gingerly touched a fist to Numbtongue’s. The [Bard] lowered his hand and nodded.
“Would have had to get on a boat to kill him, otherwise. Long trip.”
He leaned back in the waters, and Pisces sat there. They were almost casual words. Almost—until you remembered Numbtongue was a Goblin and meant them. The [Bard] looked at Pisces, then nodded to the opposite side.
This time, Pisces got back in the hot water. He hesitated, then uncrossed his arm. His skin felt like it burned, but Numbtongue only glanced at it once.
“What happened?”
And just like that, the story came out of Pisces. Not smoothly—he had never told it, and he started with Igheriz dying and the Death of Chains before realizing where he was and trying to start at the Village of the Dead raid.
He had to abbreviate too, because the bath house was noisy and attendants checked in to deliver the robes and ask if they needed anything. But Numbtongue listened, and he understood.
[Slave], Igheriz, Cawe and Bearig, Eloque, a monster named Riqre, Azam, and then freedom at great cost. 
The branding was almost skipped because of the rest. Those three weeks had defined Pisces’ journey in Chandrar more than any other part.
The [Bard] did not say much. He listened. And he was good at that. When Pisces was done and the silence was stretching out—Numbtongue nodded at Pisces’ chest.
“Scar from Igheriz? You should make it a bird. Two wings. Would look good.”
That was his comment? Pisces started—then saw Numbtongue’s serious gaze.
“You think so?”
“Redfangs wear our brothers and sisters. Our paint is them. If you want—never forget. Just a thought.”
“Thank you. I’ll consider it.”
It was such a Goblin-comment that Pisces didn’t have a follow-up. Nor did Numbtongue, it seemed. He put his head back, stared up, then looked back at Pisces.
“Did you tell Erin yet? Your team?”
“No. Not yet. I…haven’t been able to find the moment.”
“Hm.”
Numbtongue stared at his hand. He looked guilty, but the effect of skin pruning in water had distracted him since it was the first time he’d been in water so long. He tried to rub the wrinkles out on his arm, looking concerned, and Pisces almost smiled.
“…Want me to talk to Erin when we get back?”
Pisces started.
“Talk to—”
“For a big chat. It’s easy. I’ll pull her away from silly cooking or anything. She should listen.”
Numbtongue looked serious. Pisces bit his tongue.
“I—I would actually appreciate that, Numbtongue. Truly. Perhaps tonight?”
“Yes. Good.”
It was like pushing on a [Forcewall] and finding no resistance. So he’d get a chance to talk to Erin, barring any disaster? It was a relief—and it made him more nervous.
But he was grateful, truly. It was just that Numbtongue was sitting in the water. He glanced right and left. The bath was still no less hot, but Numbtongue seemed less pleased now. He glared at what looked like three spots then—abruptly—punched the water.
“Useless! I don’t know what to say, you say something!”
He pointed at an invisible presence, and Pisces stared at him. The Hob turned guiltily to Pisces.
“Sorry. I…”
He struggled for words. Then the [Soulbard] shook his head. He looked at Pisces helplessly.
“Bad things happened. It’s good the [Slavers] are dead. Your friend was brave. Erin…Erin would know what to say. You should talk to her.”
