9.05 NPR
Page 20
Numbtongue really didn’t know him that well. They’d talked. Pisces had a sharp tongue, which made Numbtongue chortle, but he was sort of ‘one of the adventurers’. Numbtongue thought he’d talked to Jelaqua more, one-on-one, but the two knew each other, and when Pisces glanced up and saw Numbtongue looking his way, he gave him a smile.
“Ah, very good food, isn’t it?”
“Mhm.”
Numbtongue nodded. And that was about it. It was, uh, hard to strike up a conversation. Maybe that was why Numbtongue was having trouble with his class.
To break the silence, Numbtongue decided he should come up with some more music. He had Erin down—and Mrsha—he just had to refine the theme into music. Coming up with the basic flow of the song was harder for him.
Lyonette was another matter…Numbtongue wasn’t really in the mood to study classical Terandrian waltzes and incorporate those into some kind of song. Because, obviously, that was how you wrote her.
Bird? Numbtongue had no idea how to do his song justice. Bird’s theme song was Bird singing his own songs.
But Pisces…now, here was a challenge. Numbtongue’s brow furrowed. He knew Pisces’ history. Which was somewhat sad. A [Necromancer] expelled from Wistram, bad stuff before that being persecuted, coming to the inn, being heroic…but he was also the sniffing sasser.
A brilliant duelist. A gifted spellcaster. Arrogance and talent and a genuinely good person at times. Someone who’d helped down an Adult Creler.
And now…a shadow over him.
How did that translate into music? Numbtongue gave it a shot.
 
——
 
Three hours later, Numbtongue put down his third cup of goat’s milk and sighed. By now, a small audience had gathered, and they were listening while snacking.
But the Goblin wasn’t happy.
First, he’d gone for a kind of operadic rock, the kind of electric music that Kevin claimed was a genre in his world. But it was too…action-packed. It fit more to Yvlon. Actually, for her, Numbtongue thought heavy metal might do. Refined, noble music that transitioned into a berserk solo with incoherent screaming.
But not Pisces. Numbtongue had done some heroic music next, the kind of inspiring journey of the true underdog reaching the top. Yet it didn’t—fit.
Pisces wasn’t a [Hero]. He was an adventurer. He had great moments, but was he just…heroic?
Numbtongue didn’t think so, and that was no knock on Pisces! Few people blazed with pure, exemplary heroic conduct every second.
Ylawes Byres or maybe, uh…Ylawes Byres might fit that. And if Numbtongue did his song, there would be a lot of sarcastic overtones.
No—you know what? Someone who deserved that heroism, the emotion, the despair, and the glory in all its full rawness was Headscratcher. Or Zel Shivertail. Sadness and glory without any prevarication, because that was just how they lived and died.
Perhaps that Drake as well. Sserys of Liscor.
Not Pisces. So…what was left?
Next came sadness. The bitterness. The despair. The…shining soul poking through all the shit the world hurled at him?
It didn’t fit. Pisces wasn’t that gloomy. It sort of worked—Numbtongue felt like there should be at least melancholy if not sadness there, but Pisces was both successful, triumphant, and in pain.
Pain…how about something grand. Grand and dark, like…
“[Echoing Strings]. [Counter Melody].”
