9.05 NPR
Page 1
Ksmvr looked at Pisces, Yvlon, and Ceria.
“No.”
Erin eyed the other three. She nodded slowly.
“Yeah, that’s fair. Maybe you should intern with Griffon Hunt or something. Carry on.”
She rolled on her way to breakfast, and Yvlon snorted.
“Griffon Hunt? Between them and the Halfseekers or Silver Swords, I suppose that makes the most sense to Erin, but honestly—Halrac? Not tactful, just irritable. Ulrien was in his way, but Revi? Typhenous is tactful.”
This was the perfect moment for Pisces to interject a comment about Revi’s tact still exceeding Yvlon’s fist in your gut. Or some other pithy comment. He thought about it, but again—
It wasn’t that he didn’t want to say it or he was trying to be nice. It was just…in the milliseconds of time where he could have said that and gotten an elbow and irate look, Pisces didn’t. And so Ceria slipped in a comment with a grin.
“Typhenous is a snake, Yvlon. He’s smooth—not tactful. Half the time, he just makes fun of you without you knowing. And all three are still better than us.”
“Better than you three, maybe. I can be tactful, Ceria.”
“Yes, and a bear can dance. Name one time you were tactful.”
“In—we were separated, so you didn’t see me, Ceria.”
“Okay. How tactful were you when the Silver Killer of Izril was punching her way out of Nerrhavia’s Fallen? They said you left five hundred dead on the first day.”
“Who says—I did not. I told you, it was all exaggeration. It was probably Rexel, or Leprel. My teammates in the arena.”
Yvlon reddened, and Ceria cackled.
“No one, actually. But isn’t it a great rumor?”
Yvlon’s severe look didn’t deter the half-Elf one bit.
“If I were you, I’d stop after the Order of Solstice incident.”
Ceria waved this off cheerfully.
“What’s the worst that could happen, Yvlon? And before you answer—what’s the worst that could happen to us? But let’s just settle one thing: you can’t pretend you’re the odd one out every time we get called crazy or tactless. You can be tactful, you just never are. A Hollowstone Deceiver changes his shell only once a year.”
“Ooh. I appreciate this local proverb, Ceria. Let me try. Jexishe the Friendly Creler still murders tens of thousands every year. Do not trust her.”
Pisces blinked. Ceria tilted her head, and her eyes lit up as Yvlon rolled her eyes.
“Ksmvr…”
“Jexishe the what, Ksmvr? Someone’s got a pet Creler?”
Ksmvr glanced about and lowered his voice and mandibles conspiratorially.
“No, Ceria, Pisces. Yvlon tells me this is wrong, but I have asked Bird, and he swears it is true. There is a friendly Creler who served with the Forgotten Wing Company.”
“Ksmvr—”
Yvlon put her head in her hands as Ceria began cackling with laughter again. Pisces’ lips twitched, but Ksmvr was adamant.
“I asked Yellow Splatters and Mrsha, and both told me they had heard the same story.”
“Because Bird is a liar. And so is Mrsha!”
The argument attracted a betrayed look from a passing Gnoll. Mrsha sniffed and looked ready to burst into tears. Then, at Yvlon’s long stare, she shrugged and padded off. Fair.
It was such a convivial moment that Pisces was enjoying it. Or…his smile faded. Was he trying too hard to enjoy it? Was he aware he should enjoy it?
Was this even funny? When you got to it, what a waste it was to tell silly stories like this. How—mundane. How wasteful.
Was Merr alive? Eloque, Qshom, Bearig, and the others? What was he doing here? Pisces turned his head, and sitting across from him not a table away, banging her spoon on the table with Mrsha as a harried Lyonette headed out of the kitchen, scolding both, was Erin Solstice.
