9.05 NPR
Page 27
Numbtongue caught him as Pisces was halfway out the curtains. Pisces had stopped, because he realized his robes were gone and he’d have to walk back with a towel over his chest and pelvis.
Yet it was not wanting to show anyone that word that halted him, more than immodesty. Pisces was about to cast [Invisibility], but Numbtongue stopped Pisces.
“Wait.”
Pisces’ breath was ragged, and he was panting. He was flushed—but not with the heat of the bath. Hot and cold. His heart was racing a mile a minute.
“Don’t tell anyone you saw—that’s—”
He had forgotten all about it. Of course—he didn’t look at himself in the mirror because of that. Same with bathing. Now, it felt like it was alive with pain again. He could remember that [Slaver]’s face.
Until it was eclipsed by Numbtongue grabbing Pisces and using his one arm to hurl Pisces into the cold bath.
The cold shock of the allegedly therapeutic hot-to-cold transition woke Pisces up. He flailed about, and Numbtongue offered him a hand.
“What are you—”
“Bath’s not done. Come on.”
Pisces hesitated, but Numbtongue offered the hot pool, and the [Necromancer] covered his chest with one arm.
“I believe I’m done. This is—private. Please understand.”
He was still breathing hard. Numbtongue nodded.
“I won’t tell anyone. I know scars. You going to get rid of it? Cover it? Ask Ulvama.”
Pisces stopped with one hand on the curtain, the [Invisibility] spell on his lips. He turned around.
“—What does that mean?”
The [Bard] waved him back towards the water. Now he looked at Pisces like—
Too knowingly. Pisces wanted to kick Numbtongue into the water, and he had a feeling about how well that would go. Yet his ire evaporated a bit when Numbtongue spoke again.
“Redfangs have that. Sometimes. We use paint or bigger scars. Or you take this scar and make it like claw marks. With a knife. Lots of fun.”
“Fun…?”
Numbtongue saw the [Necromancer]’s uncomprehending look. He pointed to his bicep.
“Right here. Big scar. Or brand on back, shoulder? ‘Damn Goblin’, or something? Or just other scars? Covers it up. Changes it. Ulvama is a [Shaman]. She can make them go poof.”
He waggled his fingers. Pisces looked at him, and the words registered.
“Goblins have scars like that?”
He found himself sitting with his legs in the water as Numbtongue explained. Of course Goblins had that. Not every Goblin died in an encounter with adventurers. Sometimes they were captured. Sometimes they lived. Adventurers could be creative. Or whomever else captured a Goblin.
“I had no idea. Did you…?”
“Nope. Just scars. Like this, see? Evil skeleton.”
Pisces bit his tongue as Numbtongue showed him a scar on his ribs. The [Necromancer] saw Numbtongue wave a claw at him.
“I won’t say anything. Go poke Ulvama if you want. Otherwise, I forget.”
He didn’t ask what happened. In that sense—perhaps the Goblin could guess. He was certainly trying to be considerate. Pisces hesitated. Then the words came out, faster and faster after the first one. And the relief he felt—
“I was captured as a [Slave] by Roshal’s caravans. That’s how I got the scar. The Stitch-man who gave it to me is dead.”
It was said and done. Pisces closed his eyes and felt like he released a breath he’d been holding since reaching safety. He opened his eyes just as fast and saw Numbtongue look up at him.
He wasn’t Erin. He wasn’t the one Pisces had wanted to confess to. But he was someone…and Pisces felt a sudden moment of terror. Right up until Numbtongue raised a fist.
