9.05 NPR
Page 13
“Fraerlings have been under attack, Lord Astoragon. Cities you swore to protect. Oierdressql is gone. Hundreds of thousands of Fraerlings are dead. Paeth was nearly lost, and another city is being held hostage. They might all be dead—at the very least, they’re captive to the Jungle Tails company. They would not be if your trusted advisor, this Peclir Im, didn’t know where they were.”
Vuul was an obnoxious man that Niers had met before. A puffed up city-Fraerling unlike Tallguard. Yet the horror in his voice, the disbelief?
That was earned. Niers head lowered.
“…Peclir had no idea where they were. I never gave out the locations. I swear to you all. That is no excuse, but I was not so lax. My guess is that he did have access to the shipments we sent. He traced our dropoffs. I am considering every city we have done business with for the last twenty years in danger. Regardless of any decision—my forces will intercept and destroy any Tallfolk attempting to gain access to your locations.”
The other representatives nodded. Vuul was mildly relieved, but he pointed at Paeth’s single Tallguard representative.
“How do you intend on making amends for Oierdressql and Paeth?”
“I will be heading to Talenqual directly today. My soldiers are already moving to secure the region. If Paeth wishes to relocate—I don’t know how they managed to move their city. But we will ensure they are safe.”
A Fraerling city in the open. The first in an age. Something to excite—if it hadn’t come on calamity’s heels. Yet even Niers felt a chill run down his entire body as one of the representatives of Comost whispered.
“They opened their Last Box. I have heard tales that it is gone. Whatever you hear with your own ears, Lord Astoragon—we would like to know. Even if Comost is…separate from the Forgotten Wing company.”
“I will inform you all of what I learn. However…would you accept two thousand Tallfolk soldiers in the region? One of my Chess Towers with a garrison?”
He needed the Fraerling Cities, but they wanted to withdraw from their arrangement. They supplied magical artifacts beyond the quality of any other civilization—and the precious Signim.
Even a single city could only give away so much, and Niers’ stock was practically emptied. Yet each representative instantly balked at the offer.
“Having Tallfolk near us is what destroyed Oierdressql, Titan. Not your soldiers or any others. If we are still hidden—we will stay that way. We crave protection. Not discovery.”
That was the conundrum of all Fraerlings. They would love a few Tallfolk to punch out jungle cats and destroy Creler nests and other threats. However, the Tallfolk were inherently untrustworthy or just susceptible to spies. Niers posting his forces in number was a beacon.
“We understand the treachery was unavoidable, Lord Astoragon. Yet you must understand—this is for our cities’ good. Unless you have a better compromise, we will regretfully sever ties.”
“Give me a day or two to make a suitable counteroffer.”
Foliana’s traps? Double the resources they were given? Niers didn’t know, but even Vuul agreed to that. As for Gindal…the [Explorer] had been quiet in the opening, but Niers turned and gave him a respectful nod.
“Explorer Gindal. I’m…sorry for your loss.”
“You had nothing to do with the Dyed Lands. Or if you did—I’d be impressed.”
The scarred Fraerling had a sense of humor. Niers smiled himself, but it was pained. Gindal had the crossbow that Ekrn had given him. He played with it, checking the mechanisms as he spoke.
