9.05 NPR
Page 22
“We—don’t. That is to say, I habitually attempt to enjoy the modern leisures of the populace, but it occurs to me that I—and the Horns of Hammerad at large—do not always use the thoroughfares that would put us into proximity with the latest trends. The Players of Celum rather came to us, being the broadest outlier to that example.”
He chose his words carefully and, Numbtongue thought, rather deliberately. The Hobgoblin took a long sip from his cup.
“An astute observation. But the Players of Celum’s vivid arrival in the cultural zeitgeist is an event I would expect the Horns of Hammerad to bear witness to. Given the juxtaposition of new forms of entertainment with the more express development of ideas on natural frontiers of nations, both conceptually and literally.”
The two stared at each other as Pisces’ eyes narrowed, and his lips moved faintly, trying to keep up. Numbtongue wasn’t even sure if what he’d said made sense, but he delivered it smoothly.
Mrsha poked her head up from over the table, dazed. Her head swung back to Pisces as he slowly inhaled through his nose.
“That is—a fundamental conceit of most nations, and a systematic flaw in the development of the ethos, perhaps, of the complacent citizenry or governance that tolerates such approaches to new—I should say—innovative refinements in any particular field. I quite concur with the phenomenon, not with the tolerance of this method of advancing our culture as a totality.”
Mrsha’s head spun, and she let go of the table and fell onto her back. Mrsha the Wordy couldn’t even get a word in edgewise. She was outmatched!
Numbtongue met Pisces’ challenging stare and sucked on his teeth for a second.
“I vouchsafe your thesis as profoundly correct.”
The [Necromancer] and [Bard] stared at each other for a second—and then both of them burst out laughing, and Pisces shook Numbtongue’s hand. Passing by, Ishkr rubbed at his ears as the two congratulated each other on their outstanding verbiage.
It just sounded like verbal diarrhea to him.
 
——
 
“I forgot you were a [Bard]. You truly did learn the entire lexicon of the common tongue, didn’t you?”
Pisces looked more energized in that moment than he had in two weeks. Numbtongue modestly shrugged.
“I lived in sewers. I stole books. There was a store…I took a dictionary.”
“Oh, that would explain much. Yet you speak so…well, fluently.”
“Lots of practice. I wanted to be friends with the Humans.”
“Ah. And how did that turn out?”
The [Necromancer] froze slightly, and Numbtongue smiled bitterly.
“They went into the sewers and tried to kill all of us.”
Pisces looked at Numbtongue, and the [Bard] lifted a drink.
“Goblin classic.”
He had told that story to other people, but never so…casually. It was a terrible story, but Pisces simply inhaled, realized Numbtongue did not want his deepest sympathies, and nodded.
“I had a similar tale about growing up as a [Necromancer]…I don’t know if I’ve ever told it to you in mixed company?”
“I’ve heard it.”
“Oh, I see. Then my condolences. I, er, have no one to blame but my own desire to sound quite academic and mage-like as a young man. You know, it does work at times.”
“Really? People think you know lots of magic?”
Pisces plucked at his white robes.
“The correct attire, the right attitude…it worked about forty percent of the time. I would walk into a Merchant’s Guild in a small town and pretend to be waiting for my important delivery. Or be representing another [Mage]. I didn’t have my seal on me or ‘how dare you ask me for proof’? I collected the item—then left town in a hurry.”
