9.05 NPR
Page 21
Now this was opera. Dark opera, the grim soundtrack of a figure standing alone in a graveyard under a moonlit night. The music to fit a villainous hero’s smile. A figure dressed all in black standing against the shrouded abyss as the mists revealed a gargantuan horror creeping below. Numbtongue’s [Counter Melody] Skill let him play two melodies at once—but he had to know what the first one sounded like.
A dueling echo of wailing strings and a sharp refrain screaming torment into the night. Yes…was the air darkening in the room? Did you smell blood and thunder on the horizon?
Did you see a grinning Goblin [Goth] and a Vampire vibing out in the background? Numbtongue glanced up at Gothica and Fierre.
“…Nah.”
Okay, maybe he’d gone too far here. His music had gone way too far into, well, goth. And it was attracting the posers. Gothica and Fierre looked incredibly disappointed as Numbtongue filed that song away into the ‘not playing this sober’ category.
Somewhere between that and the heroism. A kind of…thoughtful edginess. Yes, wasn’t that Pisces? A bit embarrassing. But that was also Pisces—Numbtongue had seen Erin calling him out. It all fit.
…So why did he think that was wrong? It was like Numbtongue was doing everything right, but doing it wrong.
As if I’m playing the Erin that people talk about, not the Erin who’s actually there. And when he realized that, the Hobgoblin decided he should talk to Pisces. If only because the [Necromancer] had been sitting for three hours without doing much of anything. Not really hearing Numbtongue and watching Erin.
“Hey.”
Pisces jumped as Numbtongue walked over and sat down. The [Necromancer] stared at Numbtongue.
“Er…good morning to you, Numbtongue.”
“Thanks. Mind if I sit?”
“Not at all. If you want to—”
Pisces looked around, thinking, perhaps, that Numbtongue was moving, but then he realized the Hobgoblin was there for him. He blinked at Numbtongue.
“Not…at all. I assume you have finished your musical soliloquies? They were quite profound, to judge by the audience.”
Ah, now there was the language Numbtongue liked. The Hobgoblin grinned. Pisces spoke like some of the books the Hob had stolen as a child. All big words.
“Nah, my music isn’t good enough yet.”
“I see. I see. Well, as first attempts go, they were pleasant to the ear. I imagine it must be enjoyable to be a [Bard] and compose your art all day.”
“Hmm. Maybe. It’s not art.”
“Ah—well then. To each their own definition.”
The conversation was a bit like yanking teeth. Pisces was clearly distracted and making light chatter, and Numbtongue didn’t know him.
Do I make fun of him sniffing or ask him if his robes are clean? Erin’s rapport with Pisces was a bit…straightforwards. Pisces seemed uncomfortable and was clearly already looking for a moment to bail.
“Not that I am an expert in musical culture. Cosmopolitan I and Ceria are not, despite hailing from three continents now. Quite embarrassing, actually.”
“Mhm. But you two are adventurers. You don’t ingratiate yourself into bourgeois societies and experience, um…contemporary hospitalities of the nations you visit. No, wait. Nations you second yourself to.”
Pisces was nodding absently in the way of someone trying to get out of the conversation. Then his brow furrowed, and he blinked.
