9.05 NPR
Page 0

It might be difficult, even for someone who knew him, to spot the difference at first. The clues were all there, but you know how he lied. He lied in words, actions, and even to himself. Perhaps he was more lie than man, now.
So, yes, given the circumstances, it was entirely forgivable not to see the changes in him. An absence when he might normally interject witty observations into conversation like one interjected air into veins. A hesitation that was more visible the longer you noticed old habits that didn’t resurface.
Perhaps their recent experiences had changed him for the better. That was another reasonable conclusion, until you saw a shadow hanging on his shoulder even in the daytime. The things unsaid.
The entire past might be better if he had been more honest with his feelings. Unlike anything else that had happened to him, though, this was the hardest thing to talk about. But he had to talk—or go mad.
 
——
 
It was better that it had been him.
That was Pisces’ conclusion at the end of it. Not that any of it had been good, except the death of a few monsters calling themselves men.
But better it was me than the other three. Ceria, Yvlon, Ksmvr—especially Ksmvr. The Antinium would not have deserved it. No one did, but Ksmvr was a child.
Yvlon—Yvlon would have died. Not because she was any less tough or enduring, but because she did not suffer fools nor travesty.
And Ceria? Pisces thought she might have survived it, just like him. Even so, he would have given that role to no one else.
Of course not. It was he, after all, who had proposed going to the Village of the Dead for the Helm of Fire and begun this entire debacle. He was only grateful that the other three had not suffered worse.
Ksmvr had fought his way out of an arena and led a rebellion. So had Yvlon, to an extent, and Ceria had navigated the deadliest nation of [Pirates] above land—and fought an Adult Creler.
They had all gone through a lot. He still dreamed, sometimes, that this was all an illusion. Then he woke up with the collar on his neck and the Emir Riqre was staring down at him. And before he tumbled out of his bed, thrashing and shouting, then grateful for the [Silence] spells, Pisces felt just a moment of relief.
For it meant Cawe wasn’t dead.
…Then he looked at the ceiling of The Wandering Inn and felt the comfortable sheets, the safe place where Erin Solstice was alive around him, and the guilt and relief redoubled. And Pisces Jealnet, as he sat, eyes red for lack of sleep but unwilling to rest, swore to himself again that today would be the day.
He hoped it would. But he was also afraid of just saying it. How…pathetic was that? Yet, day by day he waited, and Erin Solstice recovered from her death. And he told himself he wouldn’t wait for her to ask but tell her all he’d seen.
 
——
 
“Fifteen days, now.”
Pisces’ comment over breakfast was casual, but the rest of the three adventurers sitting at his table reacted. Ceria took a huge bite of yesterday’s soup and talked as she chewed.
“Fifteen? Dead gods, it feels shorter. Doesn’t it feel shorter? Erin’s been back from the dead fifteen days.”
“And she still cannot walk. Her recovery rate is substantially less than an Antinium Worker or Soldier.”
Ksmvr observed as Yvlon tossed a napkin roll at Ceria. Pisces watched as a young woman in a wheelchair slowed to glower mock-angrily at Ksmvr.
“Hey! I heard that! You’re supposed to whisper insults, Ksmvr.”
“But how would you hear them? Also, that is not an insult, Miss Erin. Merely an observation.”
“Yeah, but it’s rude. Haven’t the Horns taught you any tact yet?”
