9.05 NPR
Page 48
He kept imagining Igheriz talking about the gold he’d receive for selling Pisces. It wasn’t the same, Pisces knew. But he felt hot, sweaty even after his bath.
Pisces just wanted to talk to Erin. Yet she was causing more trouble, and he heard his class on her lips.
[Necromancer]. [Necromancer]…Pisces thought that, in this moment, it was a title more reviled than Goblin or Antinium.
 
——
 
Numbtongue could tell Pisces was getting upset. The [Bard] was staying with Erin and Todi’s Elites. Ironically, Erin’s trick was sort of working. Most people were staring at Numbtongue and asking questions rather than going for a weapon.
Ksmvr helped. As did the escort of [Knights] and adventurers. Numbtongue was actually sitting at a table in the Adventurer’s Guild, practicing on his guitar. It seemed like a suitably fascinating thing to do.
Goblin on a guitar. He had begun work on the Pisces theme-track again. It still was hard.
Pisces wasn’t rock n’ roll. Nor was he ‘pop’—from Terandria’s Singer. Not exactly. Maybe it fit a bit? Pisces was the Horns. Were the Horns…?
They were an odd group. Griffon Hunt was a kind of serious melody that went into hard action. Determined, wounded—they could sort of fit with rock, but were more like a marching song that you could insert into another genre.
The Halfseekers, by contrast, were that chaotic pop. Up and down, highs and lows. They had been the first team to have a Goblin adventurer. They had known betrayal, but they kept going, the friend of outcasts. More classic heroes who, yes, went in hard.
They’d killed a Drake [General] in battle. The Horns? No less important. They’d killed an Adult Creler and stormed the Village of the Dead. So they did fit with that kind of music.
And yet—Numbtongue looked at Ceria and remembered her nearly choking to death on a mouthful of food. Being broiled in a hot tub for ‘training’. Their dynamic, Pisces’ dynamic, didn’t do the seriousness.
“Hmm. Got to work on this one. I need more good musics.”
“What’s that, Numbtongue? Doesn’t Kevin have a playlist on his you-know-what? Actually, I hear there are song crystals all over. Why don’t we get some?”
Erin heard him as she rolled by. Numbtongue brightened up, and a few Bronze-rank adventurers clustering around heard her.
“The Guild has some music. Hey, where’s the song crystal player? And the scrying orb—maybe the Singer’s on?”
They obliged Numbtongue with a catalog of music, and he listened to a few tunes with one ear as the scrying orb came alight.
And Pisces still looked unhappy. Most of the adventurers glancing at him had his class on their lips.
“Erin. Maybe stop telling people his class?”
Numbtongue whispered to Erin. Even the Thronebearers, especially Dalimont, looked at Pisces with a reserve as Erin reminded them of who he was. Yet the [Innkeeper] just turned to the Goblin.
“It’s who he is, Numbtongue. I know what you said. I’ve got a plan, don’t worry.”
“Just don’t hurt him.”
The [Innkeeper] stared into the Goblin’s serious face as Todi walked over to Pisces with a drink. She glanced at Pisces as he smiled weakly at Todi.
“…I’ll try.”
 
——
 
Captain Todi sat down with a fake smile that Pisces returned.
“Not fun being the [Necromancer], I guess? Miss Erin’s doing you no favors, but hey, less leeches. Your time in the sun to shine. I knew it when you two walked into this guild the first time—you were going to stand out.”
“I’m—so grateful you recognized that, Captain Todi.”
