9.05 NPR
Page 45
Numbtongue had the same opinion and whispered to Pisces as they approached the Adventurer’s Guild, down one of the most prosperous streets filled with restaurants, shops for magical items, and mundane goods like rope, potions, all to cater to the very rich adventurers who stopped by. Pisces didn’t know. Erin kept glancing at him.
They’d talk later.
He wanted it to be now. And as Pisces saw his team and the plethora of adventurers who turned and reacted to Numbtongue—he remembered why he hadn’t wanted to go to Invrisil.
It had completely slipped his mind with his urgent desire to talk to Erin. But even Ceria and Yvlon hadn’t insisted he back them up aside from the actual negotiations. Silver-rank adventurers milled around the central area of the Guild, and the Gold-ranks were in the back, the elite area where Pisces had met Todi to his displeasure the first time.
Yet—even without Erin’s class-dropping. Pisces the [Necromancer] stepped out of Erin’s group as she began to fend off adventurers, inserting a Goblin into Invrisil’s mind with a hammer. He let her do it and looked for his team.
And absolutely no one hurried up to him. Not the [Necromancer].
The adventurers knew who he was, unlike regular citizens. Then again—Pisces had [Famous Name], now. They knew who the Horns were—half were here because they had been part of the Village of the Dead raid.
Pisces recognized a few. Vuliel Drae, the Pithfire Hounds, and those were the teams in the Silver and Bronze-rank area.
The famous ones, like Elia’s representative and the other Gold-rank teams, were probably in the back. Pisces saw a few heads nod cautiously at him, like Anith, and the Pithfire Hound’s leader looked like he was debating getting up.
Yet most of the looks were, if not outright hostile, exceptionally distrustful. In the world of Adventurers, Pisces occupied the class that many adventurers would fight against. He was the [Necromancer] raising undead in the crypt.
That he was also a member of the Horns of Hammerad put him in neutral territory. But—Pisces realized—
It was somewhat ironic that he was the only member of his team who stood alone. He wished Erin hadn’t mentioned his class.
 
——
 
The rest of the Horns of Hammerad were talking with adventurers. Ksmvr was in the common room—Pisces just didn’t spot him at first because of how many people were talking to him.
Yvlon was changing from Gold-rank back rooms to the front, and Ceria was talking with a half-Elf representing Arcsinger’s Bows. Pisces knew that because of the actual banner hanging behind the table filled with Gold-rank Captains in deep negotiations.
Ceria waved at Pisces, but she was speaking behind a [Silence] spell, and Pisces just took a moment to survey the room. Spot escape routes, check for spells, the practical things one did.
The other Gold-rank adventurers sized him up, but he was the pariah. And Pisces noticed—
Ksmvr was not. Ksmvr was the Antinium. And yet, Ksmvr was also Ksmvr of Chandrar. That [Journalist], Rémi Canada, had changed Ksmvr’s reputation.
He wasn’t ‘an Antinium adventurer’. He was the Antinium adventurer, so half the people surrounding him wanted to size him up. Some were challenging, but many were just curious to meet a representative of the Black Tide who seemed, well—personable. Even likable and, of course, fascinating.
“—I have indeed met Empress Nsiia of Tiqr. She does not make it a habit to be naked aside from regularly scheduled intervals.”
“Wh—really? How regular?”
Ksmvr gave the too-avid adventurer a blank stare.
