9.05 NPR
Page 49
You obsequious liar. Todi had all the foresight of Mrsha in front of a cookie jar. Pisces was sure that even if Todi was working for Selys, he didn’t like the Horns or Pisces.
As proof, Todi’s glance was a little too long on Ceria, talking with the most famous teams in Invrisil. There was frank jealousy in his eyes.
“Maybe we should have jumped in on the raid—but then we might have been dead. Play it safe. That’s how my team got to Gold-rank. Todi’s Super-Elites. I’m changing the name. Like it?”
“It’s certainly…unique. I am sure your team would have been a tremendous asset if you had joined in.”
“Yeah, absolutely.”
Todi drained the mug. Then he came out with it.
“Not every team gets as lucky as yours. Emergency-teleporting to Chandrar? I’m glad you’re not full to your heads with ego. You got what one in a thousand teams does—a lucky break.”
“I know that.”
Pisces’ jaw clenched. Finding that scroll and activating it—the [Paladin] coming back to life—yet Todi went on.
“You shook Chandrar right up. Coming off that ship with a [Hero] or whatever, and that undead king-thing?”
“Fetohep of Khelt.”
“Sure. Chandrar’s a fucking weird place, right? Just don’t get in over your head, that’s my advice. Not ill-intentioned. I just see people jump into the fire, thinking they’re now invincible, and they get chewed out. Rhir’s Hells, even Elia Arcsinger did it when she was named Named-rank, back in the day.”
“I will take that under advisement. Believe me—I’ve been humbled.”
Igheriz’s name still itched on his chest. Pisces stared at Todi.
“We’ve made a number of enemies. Like Roshal, Nerrhavia’s Fallen in part—we are well aware of how outmatched we are but for luck and opportunity and allies far above our means. I credit Erin Solstice with much of our survival.”
He meant it, too. She had somehow gotten Fetohep to save their lives, and he still had to ask her why. He wanted to—
But Todi seemed to take this honest statement as a kind of bragging. The Captain narrowed his eyes and pushed his drink back as if it was suddenly bitter.
“Oh, Roshal’s your enemy? Dead gods, man! Roshal and the biggest Stitchfolk nation in Chandrar? That’s what I’m talking about. Fine—you raided a death-zone. Who am I to tell you where you’re at?”
He raised his hands, looking so offended that Pisces nearly tipped the table over and kicked him. He was about to and snapped back.
“Believe me, Todi. I know exactly what Roshal can do. I’m as keen to have them as an enemy as that monster in the Village of the Dead.”
His retort made Todi stiffen. It looked like the Gold-rank Captain would snap—then he caught himself, and his eyes flickered.
“Wait. You do still have that million-gold price on your head?”
“I don’t think they removed it just because I travelled a continent away. Yes, I think I might well expect [Assassins].”
Pisces hadn’t talked to his team about that, not in so many words. He was safe deep in Drake or Magnolia Reinhart’s lands—neither were friends to Roshal.
Todi eyed Pisces, and a look of uncertainty flashed in his brown gaze. He hesitated, then released his grip on the table’s edge. Pisces realized he’d been about to flip the table too.
“Oh. You actually meant Roshal was your enemy. Hunting you, that is. Not a boast?”
“Why would I boast about that?”
Pisces’ felt like his eyes were trying to bulge out of their sockets. Todi hesitated, then reached for his drink. He took a swig.
“—Well, your head’s on straighter than I thought. I can respect that. You lot had a rough patch, but that’s Gold-rank right there, surviving what you did.”
