9.05 NPR
Page 29
He looked extremely guilty, because he didn’t know what he was supposed to say. And again, Pisces felt almost a moment of…relief.
Because he wasn’t the only one having a hard time. No, he didn’t want Numbtongue to suffer.
But it meant the Hobgoblin cared enough to feel guilty.
“It was a—trial. An ordeal, Numbtongue. I do not think I can put it into proper words. Thank you for your consideration.”
Pisces tried to assure him he understood. Numbtongue settled back.
“I’m supposed to be a [Bard]. I wish I had words to say something. ‘Is bad’ sounds stupid.”
“You have helped immensely. I was unable to say—if I talk to Erin, it will be a load off my mind.”
Numbtongue pointed a finger at Pisces.
“I’ll get her. Promise. Mrsha or Bird or even that stupid Fraerling won’t stop you. Or the rainy [Lord]. I’ll toss the chess board down the outhouse.”
Pisces laughed at that.
“You don’t need to go that far. I’m sure she can…help. I hope she can. Not that I expect anyone to—I will see what she says. I’m just a bit affected by it all. As you see. Some scars don’t change. I won’t ask anyone to heal that.”
He indicated the brand sardonically, but that was a lie. He hoped. However, as Numbtongue wrestled with a reply, someone spoke up from next to the two in the hot tub.
“Try the Faerie Flower tonic. You’ll forget your pains. I do. That’s why I’ll stay here forever.”
And then Tessa was there. Numbtongue kicked at her reflexively, and Pisces lifted a finger, but Tessa just pulled the Hobs’ foot up, and he went underwater. When he resurfaced, she was staring at him.
The [Bard] relaxed…and both wondered how long she’d been listening. Long enough to hear everything. Pisces stared at Shriekblade and then away.
She was, like Numbtongue, naked. The Hob glimpsed at the Drake and then stared. Completely unapologetically—she wasn’t being shy either.
“Nice scars.”
“Yeah. Yours reminds me of the Guild. The Assassin’s Guild. Some of the recruits from Chandrar had that. Roshal.”
She pointed one claw at Pisces, and his skin chilled. The bath was no longer quite so inviting.
“I…presume you’ve heard everything?”
He felt angry, but Pisces had a sudden recollection of every conversation he’d eavesdropped upon, and there were hundreds. Tessa shrugged.
“I was bored.”
“Then leave.”
Numbtongue glowered. Tessa blinked at him.
“I thought I had to stay with you. I’ve been waiting for you to get out.”
“Oh.”
Pisces and Numbtongue looked at each other. Tessa went on, unconcerned. She jerked a thumb at Pisces.
“You should get that scar covered up. The Goblin’s right. That’s how [Slavers] track down their quarry. Hints like that. But they probably know your face, anyways. They’ll stay away from you on Izril, probably. Don’t go near ports, I guess. Or get an official release from Roshal.”
“A…release?”
Pisces felt himself baring his teeth in a snarl. Tessa just nodded.
“To say you’re not a [Slave]. They might get rid of the class, too. You don’t want Roshal chasing you.”
“They made me a slave without recourse or reason. I did nothing wrong.”
“Mhm. That’s what they do. If you say it loud, they might do it for free. Or hire an [Assassin].”
He knew she was giving him actual advice, but Pisces clenched one hand in the water. Tessa gazed at him, and then she tugged at his towel.
“Oho.”
“Stop that!”
The [Necromancer] turned red. Tessa though—grinned. She stretched and smiled.
“I feel great. The Faerie Flower drink works. I haven’t felt this good in ever. Does Liscor have a brothel? I’ll visit it tonight. I haven’t wanted to in years.”
The Human and Goblin exchanged a look as Tessa relaxed.
