9.05 NPR
Page 41
Luan nodded with a smile. Niers noted that Daly Sullivan’s leg was giving off a faint glow beneath the table. As for Siri, two of her wooden fingers clicked on the table.
More prostheses. The Tallfolk counterparts of the Architects looked very young, and Niers wondered if this would last. On the other hand, it might reassure the Fraerlings more than grizzled political leaders.
The familiar Fraerling had a head of spiked, white hair and enough scars to instantly make him Tallguard. However, he also had a crossbow that made Niers feel like checking his amulets just by looking at it and a pair of deadly swords. Ekrn was armed to the teeth even in a peaceful mission, and he didn’t hide it.
“Titan of Baleros. I’m surprised you remember.”
Alright, what did I do to him? Niers didn’t remember, but it must have been something. He suspected Guidance Heish kicked Ekrn under the table, because the Commander took a moment to grimace before continuing.
“—Feiland’s functionally no more. We’re replenishing our ranks, but we’ve rolled in our forces with Paeth. We will continue to serve other cities, but Paeth is clearly in need of protection.”
“I see. And the Architects don’t intend to hide or move the city again…? Forgive me for being direct, the rest of you from the United Nations, but Paeth could use a smokescreen—”
It was Enchanter Ilekrome who answered for the others. He looked—worn out. Probably still magically recovering, but he had the eyes of someone who had seen miracles.
“Paeth cannot move again, Lord Titan. Not easily. Even if I dared to try and recreate the spell, we will not move. Hiding alone brought us no allies. This time, if we are assailed, it will be an army of Fraerlings and allies of the tall who defend us. We may fail within a year, or Paeth will no longer endure, but we will make this our home and let the rest of our kind see what occurs. There is no more Last Box to shelter. We have fulfilled our duty, and now…now we stand by the Tallfolk who have earned our respect. We will arm them and fight with them. And learn from each other, hopefully.”
Niers Astoragon let out a long breath and felt a shiver run down his back. He had so many questions, and the Council looked ready to answer. But the first and utmost thought on his mind was…Niers looked at Ilekrome and saw a truth there that made even him nervous.
The Last Box. That wasn’t even on par with Erin Solstice coming back from the dead. That was more like A’ctelios Salash getting up and doing a dance. Dead gods.
And he’d missed this? The Titan smiled.
“It would be my honor to hear it all at your convenience, Council. And if the Forgotten Wing company can provide soldiers or support to our allies—”
The Humans were looking nervous. The Architects glanced at each other, and the Titan’s words tumbled together. He saw Ekrn arguing with Heish, and he was fairly certain the Tallguard was saying, ‘let me say it’.
“Lord Titan—”
Heish began, but Ekrn spoke over her.
“The Forgotten Wing Company may be allies of Paeth in time, Lord Astoragon. But to be clear from the outset—we will not be part of any Great Company.”
“Sentry Leader Ekrn! Er—Commander Ekrn!”
Heish snapped, and the Council began a furious argument of clarifications, amendments, and explanations as Niers stood there.
 
——
 
The Titan’s face was hard to read, but Luan Khumalo could see the disappointment in a moment. Paige groaned, and Kirana looked like she wished Aiko had replaced her after all.
“Oh no. I asked Commander Ekrn not to say it right away!”
