9.05 NPR
Page 30
“Everything is great. You should be lucky, [Necromancer]. Ask for the tonic I have. Or just drink potions to forget then take it. You’ll need more if you become a Named-rank adventurer. You’re halfway there.”
“I…am?”
Shriekblade had closed her eyes and was resting her neck-spines in the water. She spoke to the ceiling.
“Of course you are. They say all Named Adventurers are crazy. Saliss always says that. He’s right. You’ll fit right in. You should be happy you were a [Slave].”
“Happy?”
Pisces’ voice rose, and Shriekblade shrugged, still not opening her eyes.
“Whatever. You got free. If you’re alive, you’ll level faster. That’s why you and the Goblin are lucky. You’re both over Level 30 but below Level 40. You’ll get there soon.”
She opened her eyes and stared at Pisces.
“You’re on the edge, aren’t you? I bet you have more than just [Necromancer] classes. Have they been levelling up?”
“How do you…?”
Pisces had indeed leveled in all his classes, but mostly in [Mage] and…[Slave]. But Tessa just shook her head.
“Once you hit Level 30 in [Mage]—no, wait. Level 29—and if you reach Level 39 in [Necromancer], then you’ll do it. It’ll all become one class. Then you’ll be one of us. But it won’t be lying around here. You’ll kill some great monster and lose your hand. Or watch someone die. And you, the Goblin—you’ll do it too. You just need more of these, see?”
She gestured down, and both Numbtongue and Pisces stared at her chest. Then they realized she didn’t mean breasts, but scars.
“The more you have, the higher you go. It makes you stronger. That’s the secret.”
She stopped talking and sank below the water. No bubbles floated up. She stared up through the water, like a corpse. Pisces saw in her gaze a flicker of the same emptiness in Azam’s eyes. Or Eloque’s.
Numbtongue stared at Tessa then glanced at Pisces. Slowly, he took a bowl of soap and briskly mixed up a lather until it covered Tessa from the surface. He nodded to Pisces as he stood up.
“Let’s go find Erin. Ignore her.”
Their clothes were waiting right outside the curtains. Pisces walked out feeling—if not refreshed, then cleaner. Tessa followed silently, and Pisces looked at Numbtongue with budding friendship. Tessa…the Named-rank Adventurer followed them to the inn and then vanished.
Then Numbtongue went to speak to Erin. He came out of the kitchen with a thumbs-up, and Pisces sighed. Erin rolled out a moment later.
“Hey, Pisces. You got a second?”
The [Necromancer] inhaled, nodded to Numbtongue—and the door burst open. An irate Yvlon stalked into The Wandering Inn.
“Pisces! The negotiations are beginning in less than an hour! We told you to meet at the Adventurer’s Guild at midday, remember?”
The [Necromancer] thunked his head into the table repeatedly as Yvlon hesitated, about to drag him off.
“Er. Pisces?”
Erin Solstice just glanced at her friend and then nodded to Numbtongue.
“I’ll go with you guys. Numbtongue, wanna push me to Invrisil?”
Pisces’ head rose as the [Innkeeper] smiled.
 
——
 
Listen. Say what you wanted about the medium, but it was still an effective torture. If not for the reasons the designer thought…it had an effect.
Hanging there in her chains, bombarded by plays about how horrible she was—it was a super-effective tactic on Ryoka Griffin.
Guilt was her special power, after all. She snapped after a gift was sent into the prison.
