9.05 NPR
Page 19
It actually hurt Numbtongue a bit. Yet he had the concept in mind, and it suited Mrsha. A happy, brave, annoying little sister. Despite all that had gone past.
He decided he’d work on both songs and add them to his playing arsenal. Maybe demo them with the evening crowd.
Not once did Numbtongue have any lyrics to add. He felt that was too unsubtle. You didn’t tell people ‘Mrsha’s had a sad life but she’s survived it all, and that’s amazing for someone so young’. You implied it. You showed them without saying it. And if they didn’t get it, well.
“Hey Numbtongue, is that you making that music? It sounded pretty neat! I really like the cute music.”
Erin Solstice poked her head out of the kitchen with a big smile. She had some hot Spider Succulents still hot from the oven.
“Wanna try a Spider Donut? No spiders inside.”
Numbtongue warily picked one up and took a bite. It was sweet, fried dough with an inner filing and some salty jerky for the legs. Not bad! He licked his fingers and gave Erin a thumbs-up.
“Tasty.”
“Alright! Hey—Pisces, you try some.”
Erin was looking around for victims, and Numbtongue saw Pisces blink.
“I…ah, thank you.”
“Not going out to negotiate for your items yet, Pisces?”
“No, not quite, Erin. I—”
Pisces fell silent for a moment, and Numbtongue saw him take a bite of the Spider Succulents. The Hob blinked. Erin waited, but Pisces just smiled weakly.
“This is quite tasty.”
“Right? And Lyonette says ‘you can’t sell spiders’! Shows what she knows. Say, Pisces, I wanted to ask you something. Did you like the chests of weapons and stuff that Fetohep sent you? I never got to ask if they helped or something.”
The eavesdropping [Bard]—a very class-y thing to do—blinked in astonishment. The chests of what now?
Pisces reacted almost as dramatically. He coughed until Erin gave him a mug of water.
“The—? You really did send them? I wondered why they appeared out of thin air. The cost to teleport them! They were Chests of Holding, no less!”
“Yep. Well, y’know, I asked Fetohep, and he’s super-rich. I think he put…watermelons in them?”
“Among other things. It was a boon. You…you did that? But you were—dead.”
Pisces looked at Erin, disbelieving. She smiled a bit sadly.
“Well, you know how it is. Fetohep’s technically dead—I was able to get a message through. Did it help?”
Then the [Necromancer]’s face changed. Numbtongue, chewing on some of the jerky, saw Pisces hunch. Not withdrawing or getting angry like he sometimes did. More…wearily.
Numbtongue recognized that look. The [Bard]’s ears perked up as Pisces searched for words, then raised his head.
“More than you could know. Thank you.”
Erin’s smile was gentle and, Numbtongue thought, careful.
“I’m so glad.”
She waited a beat—but Pisces said nothing more. He struggled to, and Numbtongue saw Erin waiting—then there was a crash.
“Mrsha! The pan—”
“Oh no. My treats! Pisces, one second.”
Mrsha raced out of the kitchen as the rest of the Spider Succulents fell onto the floor. Pisces sagged back, and Numbtongue saw his look of frustration.
Interesting. Well, more than that. Concerning. Erin raced past Numbtongue, but she gave him a look as he glanced at her.
He wasn’t sure if it meant stay out of it or not. But it was something. So—the Hob stared at Pisces and began to pick up on the clues.
Oh.
Hrm.
Something was different about him. It was the way the [Necromancer] just sat at the table without really staring at anything. Not really tasting his food. Looking at the kitchen and hesitating.
Pisces Jealnet.
