9.05 NPR
Page 3
“I—would consider it a rich patron who might be displeased in more than words if we were to renege. I will ask about the fee being waived but…”
Az’kerash might be unhappy. Then again, he alternated between a cold, admonishing voice, speaking as if Pisces were an insect on the path to true Necromancy to…well, what Pisces had thought he might be like, the wise Archmage of Death.
At any rate, Ceria nodded seriously.
“That might actually help if we claim it was promised. Alright, break, team. Pisces, you can join us…”
“I may stay here.”
Pisces turned back to Erin as the rest of his team split up. Now. Perfect. It might not be long enough to say the entire story, but Erin had finished eating a breakfast burrito and was chatting with Mrsha, Lyonette, and Numbtongue.
“Erin, may I request a moment of your time?”
The [Innkeeper] didn’t turn around. She wheeled over to the kitchen, ignoring Pisces. Because…he hadn’t said the words out loud.
They’d caught in his mouth. He hesitated, and then it was too late, again.
“Alright! Look out, kitchen, here I come! You might think you won yesterday, but today, I’ll take you down! Are you ready for battle, Lyonette?”
“Erin, we’re making doughnuts.”
Erin waved a finger at Lyonette. She glanced at Pisces as Mrsha offered to be a [Taste Tester].
“Nah, nah. We’re making Spider Succulents. Remember? My new creation?”
“Spider what now?”
Ceria paused with one hand on the doorknob, and so did Ksmvr. Yvlon grimaced, but Erin waved her hands.
“No, it’s not bugs this time! It’s this dough ball we’re gonna fill with custard and coat in chocolate or something nice and make teeny little legs! I’m thinking jerky. So they’ll look like spiders, see!”
“…And this is meant to be appetizing?”
Yvlon was appalled as she said what most people were thinking. Erin just grinned.
“Well, it’s unique! I heard a lot of guests like the bug-vibe, not just the Antinium. So why not lean into it? But that’ll be on our menus tonight. Something not even Imani can copy!”
“I can copy it. But I won’t.”
Imani put on her own apron as she headed for the door for her own job. Erin shook her head at Imani’s back.
“That’s the mundane dish. We’re also perfecting…a bisque. I mean, a magical one. How’s that, Imani?”
The [Chef] turned in the doorway.
“…What’s magic about the bisque?”
The [Innkeeper] scratched at her head.
“Well, y’know my Scaleguard Sandwich? ™, copyright, can’t steal?”
“Yes…”
“I’m making the muscle-version of it. It’ll have, uh…venison. And bone. And other stuff! We’re nailing down the ingredients, but it’ll be in my magical lineup! Scaleguard Sandwich and, um…Bulkup Bisque! I already came up with the name. I was gonna go ‘Beefcake Bisque’, but there’s no actual beefcake in there. And Mrsha kept laughing.”
Erin beamed around, and Pisces felt the vague need to applaud.
He did not. However, it was clear that Erin was actually developing her inn’s menu. She was turning towards the kitchen, and he had missed his opportunity to talk to her.
“Pisces, you wanna taste-test my stuff?”
The [Necromancer] froze halfway up the stairs. He looked at Erin, and Numbtongue, sitting and pulling out his guitar, gave Pisces a warning shake of the head.
It could be an opportunity—but Pisces shook his head.
“No. Perhaps another time, Erin?”
He smiled, and Erin shrugged.
“Your loss.”
She wheeled away, and after fifteen seconds, Pisces kicked himself for not taking her offer. What was wrong with him?
Another day. He had more time. He’d…Pisces went back upstairs and read from his spellbook as he composed a message to Az’kerash. He had things to do.
