9.05 NPR
Page 64
“Ten—and until that moment, Ryoka Griffin is not to set foot in Ailendamus. She will contact no immortals nor have any aid rendered to her, not even word or look. Ten years and she dies if every soldier in the Kingdom of Glass and Glory must hunt her down. I’m sure ten is enough for a task just as impossible as the first.”
She’d done impossible quests before. Ryoka licked her lips. How bad could it be? Rhisveri’s smile was too-wide.
“Are you ready, Courier?”
“I—I am. How can I redeem myself, Duke Rhisveri?”
The Wyrm raised one hand.
“You slew the last Dryad in the world. The last of a race. Her dream was for her kind to flourish, and it will be centuries, millenia, perhaps, before a forest in Ailendamus can bear her kind.”
Uh oh. Ryoka knew what he was going to say before he said it. Sweat began to roll down her spine.
Rhisveri went on.
“Then—it would be eminently suitable for you to make this up by finding a child to fulfill that wish. Render unto Ailendamus a Dryad. Find a child or let a forest birth one into the world and bring them here.”
Oh no. Ryoka was sweating now, and the Lucifen and Agelum were protesting. But the other immortals were nodding. Rhisveri held up one finger with a smile.
“Ah—but one more thing, Ryoka Griffin? As Fithea was of this world—so must the Dryad be. No outsiders. Ten years. When you leave, a geas will bind you and slay you if you so much as send a [Message] to anyone here.”
Ten years. An impossible task. Visophecin was arguing along with Sophridel, but the Wyrm’s eyes fixed Ryoka with a look.
Anger, grief…and almost hope. Desire. Not just greed. He was such a damn liar.
Show me her future. Show me another. Can you do it?
Ryoka Griffin closed her eyes as the immortals looked at her. She bowed her head…then a thought occurred to her.
“Wait a second. Maybe…”
She had a sudden thought. Didn’t she know of a certain seed? It was a super-long shot, but she suddenly recalled—
The Wyrm’s face went slack as Ryoka’s look of determined despair gave way to a sudden thought. He glanced at Visophecin, and the Lucifen’s eyebrows had vanished into his hairline.
“Wait. You don’t know where a Dryad child is, do you?”
“N-no. But I’ll try to—I mean, who would?”
Ryoka put her hands behind her back. Lady Paterghost stage-whispered to the others.
“She is lying.”
“Even one of my fair cousins could tell you that. You know where a Dryad’s child is? No, you must know where a seed is.”
“I don’t—”
Ryoka flushed, and Rhisveri looked sideways at Uziel. The Agelum was chortling. Rhisveri looked left and right.
“…I also want an elixir of immortality. Do you know where to find one of those? Oh, and a flying island.”
He spoke incredibly sarcastically. Ryoka shook her head. But then hesitated.
If King Arthur was in the lands of the fae…why not Gilgamesh or something? And would a spaceship count as—?
The immortals of Ailendamus watched Ryoka’s face. One of the Merfolk raised a hand.
“Ask her if she can also produce a fountain of youth. See? She’s thinking about it.”
The exasperated Wyrm silenced the others, but he looked at her. Questioningly. Ryoka raised her head to meet his gaze and nodded.
“I don’t know if I can do it—but I can try.”
The Wyrm nodded. He raised one hand, and Ryoka felt the magic in the room intensify.
“In that case, I bind you to your task. Stand back. The [Greater Geas] will—”
Rhisveri broke off. The magic surging around the room, visible like mist in the air, abruptly went still. All the immortals looked at him—then up.
