9.05 NPR
Page 32
Ryoka was really trying. But they still rolled down her cheeks, hot and wet. Rhisveri’s sock puppet produced a floating handkerchief and blew it.
“Don’t cry! Oh, my poor heart. Tears? Tears solve everything. All is forgiven.”
The Wind Runner choked out the words.
“I’m sorry. I—I know what she meant. Just—”
She didn’t know what to say, but the sock puppet interrupted her suddenly.
“Meant? Oh, you think I’m personally, emotionally affected. Nonsense. Don’t be stupid. Fithea was just an irreplaceable asset. This is about accountability. Something the Lucifen, for some reason, can’t grasp. I blame inbreeding with the Agelum.”
The tears slowed. Ryoka tried to wipe her face.
“Wh—you’re not serious.”
“Me, affected? I mean, Rhisveri? Ridiculous. Fithea was the last Dryad. She was the last of her kind. That means something. In a grand sense—like a work of art, being burned to a crisp by a Wind Runner with a magic sword, who later stole my Scroll of Resurrection. I’m angry about it. Intellectually. But I’m a logical being. Everyone dies.”
“A logical being.”
The Rhisveri-puppet nodded up and down.
“Do you think this hurt Ailendamus forever? Fithea, General Dioname—don’t be so conceited. Ailendamus was built to replace them. I could lose eight Legions of the Hydra and we would have more to fill the ranks. No, you don’t get it.”
A pair of spectacles floated down and hovered in front of the sock-Rhisveri’s face. He bent down, came up with a pointer-stick, and tapped a floating blackboard.
“You see, Ryoka, when you murder someone, anyone normal gets ‘angry’. I’m going to write this word here. I want you to memorize it. ‘Morality’.”
He wrote both words on the chalk-board and underlined them. But the young woman was just…gazing at the cloth-Rhisveri.
“I’m unhappy because you have threatened a foreign nation. Murdered a high-ranking member and stolen an irreplaceable relic. We call that ‘hostility’. That’s why I’m mad, not because of Fithea’s life. Now—are you listening? Because you have a stupid look on your face, but that’s your default, so I can’t really tell if this is sinking in or not.”
Ryoka whispered back.
“You cared for Fithea. Don’t…don’t do that. Not for her. Or Dionamella.”
Sock-Rhisveri retorted.
“And if you knew her, you’d know she was called ‘Dioname’. Don’t patronize me. I mean, Rhisveri. He’s a Wyrm. You’re a Human. Keep your worthless perspective out of this. Nothing is worse than your anthropomorphizing of every other species and object to your perspective. Wyrms do not have ‘friends’. They respect people. However, Fithea was old. She was going to die eventually.”
The puppet spat out the pointer stick. It ‘looked’ at Ryoka, and a bunch of burning flames appeared.
They looked like…people. One stretched its wings, cawing, and Ryoka recognized Gilaw. Another swished a cape unnecessarily, and she took it to be Visophecin. A swimming group of tiny flames, a hammering figure…
And there, standing next to a singing giant, was a withered tree. Ryoka’s heart clenched, but the puppet-Rhisveri just casually surveyed the lot. There was a glowing green bar hovering next to the flames, some kind of meter. The words ‘Ailendamus’ Strength’ was hovering on top of it.
“These are all assets. Irreplaceable, but not essential. Now, what happened was this: a variable vanished. A number went down.”
The flame flickered out. The glowing bar lowered slightly. The puppet nodded to Ryoka.
