9.05 NPR
Page 50
Pisces just studied Todi’s face as the man took a huge drink, turning faintly red. Todi turned and pretended to be interested in the scrying orb.
“Say, look at that. Fraerlings on a scrying orb. Never seen that before.”
Pisces was distracted as Todi made his escape. In fact, even the adventurers discussing the loot distribution were staring at a [Mage] speaking to a cluster of tiny people.
“—I’m in Talenqual now if you’re just joining in. Speaking to the first Fraerling city to appear in public for over six thousand years since the Creler wars! Excuse me, sir, what do you think of the outside world?”
A Fraerling looked up with almost as much awe at the [Mage] as the Human. But she spoke up, a tad bit nervously, with a fairly loud voice for her size.
“I—I think it’s amazing, the Tallfolk’s world! You have so much of everything! Food, buildings—and bugs! Just, everywhere! And all your magic is so, um…interesting! You do things like mill grain by hand. And no one can fly and barely teleport.”
“T-teleport? Well, we can cast that. You must be thinking of Gold-rank adventurers and the like.”
“Yes, exactly! They’re the only ones who can. But we love seeing the outside world and your television-ideas! Hello! Am I on the scrying orb?”
The Fraerling waved a bit off-center, and the Human assured her she was.
“May I ask who I’m speaking to?”
“Oh—Tallguard Noa! Of Feiland. Is this really going to be shown around the world? Will, um—I’ve always wanted to see the King of Destruction and all the famous people like Magnolia Reinhart. Would they see this?”
“I assure you—they probably will! Do you have anything to say to someone you’re a fan of? Wait—do Fraerlings know about, uh, us bigger people?”
Noa frowned.
“Tallfolk? We’ve been watching the broadcasts, and we know a lot about some of your famous ones. Even we hear stories of your adventurers. Right, Resk?”
She turned to a Fraerling hovering over, looking irate. Alchimagus Resk grabbed Noa’s ear as the Wistram Mage stared, dry-mouthed, at the casually-hovering Fraerling, still recovering from his wounds.
“What? Noa, you—yes, we copied all the broadcasts from Wistram’s Academy. They should really put a magical seal on them or anyone can just copy—er, hello!”
The [Mage] looked like he was unsure if he was getting pranked. But he rallied as Sir Relz prompted him.
“Well then—well—why don’t we have an interesting question? Spontaneously—what are your top…ten adventurers? Top five? Who do Fraerlings respect in the world of the Tallfolk?”
Pisces shook his head as Todi wandered off. Noa began huddling with some of her friends. Then someone tugged on his sleeve.
“Pisces. Hey, Pisces. Say hi to this [Mage] for me. Pisces, [Necromancer]. But he’s also a [Mage] and about your level in his other class. Do you have a tip for her?”
A nervous Drake backed up a step, and Pisces—snapped. He smiled at the Bronze-rank [Mage] and grabbed Erin’s arm as the [Receptionist] at the Adventurer’s Guild desk eyed him nervously and handed something to a Street Runner.
Probably to the Watch, telling them to watch out for the [Necromancer] who might loot their graveyards. Pisces couldn’t drag Erin back, so he wheeled her over to a corner and cast a spell.
“Erin. What are you doing? Please, I implore you—stop telling everyone I’m a [Necromancer]!”
His voice was only heard by her and Numbtongue, who had wandered close out of concern. Pisces clenched his fists.
“This is already tedious and stressful enough. I would rather—be discussing other matters with you.”
