9.05 NPR
Page 43
The Gnoll was sweating slightly as she peered at him. Erin puffed her cheeks out, then exhaled.
“Alright. But you know that I’m gonna get annoyed by being treated like a glass doll.”
“Better than an ice cube.”
Numbtongue muttered. He put out a fist, and Pisces blinked at it, before tapping it with his own. Erin’s laughter made both relax. Pisces was watching Erin. She knew he needed help. It was only Yvlon, who’d hurried back to the guild, who was getting in the way.
Well—this wouldn’t be so bad?
…Numbtongue was slightly tense. The only time he’d been in Invrisil was in disguise and under the arguably superior protection of the Players of Celum. With Jasi and Wesle and the others gone, it was Erin who had made the offer.
And as history had proven—she wasn’t exactly immune to sneak attacks. Numbtongue also remembered that a certain Named Adventurer was there. And Invrisil had run into Goblins recently.
“I could wear helmet, maybe?”
He suggested, and Erin twisted in her chair.
“Do you want to, Numbtongue?”
The [Bard] chewed this over.
“…Sort of. Seems like lots of panicking Humans might be dangerous.”
“Well, we’ll go once, and if it turns bad, we’ll duck out. Maybe the second time they’ll be more used to it. Like Liscor. But do you want to walk around in Invrisil without a helmet?”
The Hobgoblin bared his teeth.
“It would be nice.”
Erin’s eyes glinted.
“Yeah.”
The citizens of Liscor were watching Erin and the [Knights], along with Pisces and Numbtongue, head for the door. A small cyclone touching down on Invrisil’s beaches. Possibly never to grow past that. The Thronebearers were looking nervous; they didn’t know if they had the means to quell a full-scale riot.
Then came the squall from the side. Selys with the metaphorical steel chair! Erin’s head turned as a squad of marching boots heralded the arrival of none other than the one, the only—
“Captain Todi?”
The Gold-rank Captain and his squad of adventurers gave Erin an ironic salute.
“Miss Selys thought you might need an escort, Innkeeper Solstice. Mind if we join you? We’re veterans to the guard routine. Vetted by the Mercenary’s Guild for cross-class work, even.”
“That would be welcome, Miss Erin.”
Dalimont said, relieved, and Erin gave Selys an exasperated look as the [Heiress] waved from the background. Pisces glanced at the Drake, but then Erin was grudgingly adding Todi to the squad.
Then—they were in Invrisil, and the shouting began.
“Goblin!”
They didn’t even get out of the plaza where the door was now installed without the first man pointing at Numbtongue and reaching for a belt dagger. The [Bard] froze, but Erin cupped her hands to her mouth.
“Human! Watch out!”
She pointed accusatorially at the man, and his brain locked up for a crucial second. Erin pointed ahead towards the sign aiming for the Adventurer’s Guild.
“It’s a Goblin!”
Someone tried again, and the plaza fixed on Numbtongue like a beacon of fear and growing hostility. The [Innkeeper] was ready for it.
“[Crowd Control]. [Crowd Control]. [Crowd Control]. [Crowd Control]…”
She muttered under her breath. Then raised her voice. Her own shout eclipsed the regular voices as [Loud Voice] activated.
“Hobgoblin coming through! Don’t get in the way. He’s a busy guy. We have business at the Adventurer’s Guild. Move it! Don’t push! No autographs. Ser Dalimont, make a path.”
The [Knight] gave Erin a look of mild respect as he caught onto the plan. Instantly, he, Ser Lormel, and Ser Sest spread out around Erin, but began gesturing with their hands.
“One side, citizens!”
