9.05 NPR
Page 55
“—Maybe we can have Ksmvr live-react via scrying orb. Someone contact Wistram—or Drassi—I do know her.”
Keldrass was talking excitedly. Pisces was getting up when he saw the Silver-ranks gazing longingly into the back rooms. Captain Todi was already striding self-importantly forwards. And Pisces had an idea.
He sat right back down. Ksmvr halted on his way into the ranks of Gold-ranks.
“Pisces? What are you doing?”
“I—shall remain right out here, Ksmvr. Take a seat. My legs are exhausted, anyways. And there are more adventurers outside than in. If there are accolades—let them be here.”
Pisces looked around and saw a pair of twinkling eyes. He snapped his fingers and sniffed.
“[Innkeep]! A round for the table, if you would be so good.”
Erin pretended to grumble, but she snatched some drinks from the nearest counter and wheeled them over on her lap.
“Just once, for you, Pisces.”
The Antinium hesitated only a moment, then he clacked his mandibles together.
“Oh, of course. Dominance. You are always ahead of me, Pisces. Indeed. Drinks! Yes.”
He sat down awkwardly, and Pisces heard the notes of confusion from inside. The Gold-rank adventurers hesitated as they realized Ksmvr wasn’t joining them. And Pisces…he saw Todi come right out the door with Typhenous, who hurried to get a seat next to Ksmvr and Pisces. Then—it was like how Erin treated Invrisil.
Pushing and pulling until a dam burst and the Gold-ranks came out of their hiding spots. Especially as a [Mage]—the same vice-Guildmaster from before—came hurtling down the road with a camera crew. He put a huge smile on his face, adjusted his robes, and spoke.
“Is this on? I’m [Vice Guildmaster] Heroom from Invrisil, reporting into Wistram News Network! Ksmvr of Chandrar is, in fact, here, and if Tallguard Noa would like to say a few words—”
Pandemonium. Pisces had gotten up to help extract Erin from the press of bodies. Grumbling at being in a wheelchair, he and Numbtongue rescued her to a safe distance. Pisces found his chair was occupied—by no less than Captain Todi.
Rolling his eyes, the [Necromancer] saw Yvlon in a heated argument with a Gold-rank Captain refusing to look her in the eyes. She was looking dangerously mad.
Ceria was still arguing with the half-Elf from Elia’s team, who kept grabbing her arm, looking more and more distressed. Ceria was ignoring the man, glancing at Ksmvr and Erin with far more interest. And the drinks.
Pisces, though…he was smiling. The crowd outside the Adventurer’s Guild now had more than the Watch or civilians pointing at Numbtongue. They were pressing in, calling for autographs from Ksmvr, trying to get on camera.
“Whoof. And it’s not even my fault this time. See? I don’t cause that much chaos.”
Erin was talking to Numbtongue as they stood near the edge of the crowd. Some people were asking the adventurers to pass autographs to Ksmvr.
Adventurers being adventurers, half of them just signed the slips of cardboard and passed them right back. Someone actually handed Pisces a piece of cardboard.
“I’m sorry, Ksmvr is quite busy. I don’t believe he has time to sign anything.”
Pisces was actually tempted despite himself, but a trio of people—a Human man, woman, and a Gnoll, all younger than twenty—pointed at Pisces.
“No, you! Can you sign it for us?”
“Me? I…?”
