9.06
Page 0

“Hail.”
A simple greeting yet, as with everything of their kind, the nuance had layers of history behind it.
Meaning that even they had forgotten.
Hail. The other Dragons spread their wings, answering the brief comment with motion, not words. He folded his own wings as he landed. A gesture of peace among allies, however contentious their pasts. When he opened those wings again—everything burned.
“Hail, Teriarch.”
It was not the largest among them that greeted him. Size did not equal strength among Dragons. True potency of spirit, true danger came from the quality of scale and fang. The intensity of their eyes and breath.
Even that could fool. Many of his kind had fallen to foes who did not signal their strength. Yet the Lord of Flame nodded back to his equal among this company.
This last gathering of Dragonlords.
“Khetieve-Xool.”
His name was longer. Just like ‘hail’, their language was economical. A sign of the times. In the past, they would have had flowery phrases, elaborate ways to signal meaning and respect. The way you adorned your scales. The flick of a tail, almost reminiscent of Goblin language. Subvocalizations.
Not now. Not here. Hail was a word with the oldest meaning. It was a universal greeting. Many cultures had adopted it, but the Dragonlord of Flame did not know the nation that had first adopted it. Perhaps…no species that had first drawn breath on this world had.
Perhaps it came from beyond, from travellers and knowledge older than the world’s soul. A simple world. Like Khetieve’s name.
The Dragonlord of Waters belonged in the sea. Everything about him was adapted for speed underwater; his neck bore no mane but fins. He had gills and lungs, and even his talons were different. They were serrated, to cut a foe and leave them bleeding.
His teeth—when he spoke—shifted slightly. Even now, they unsettled Teriarch, and they were long acquaintances.
Not teeth, but a kind of melding between hair and bone. Like ivory which could adapt, from tearing fangs to baleen-like structures from the mouths of whales that filtered simple algae.
Water Dragons—how much of the world knew them—were not carnivorous by nature. Typical Dragons of air and land were omnivores, but they preferred meat. Most Dragons who had evolved in the water did not hunt even by nature or inclination.
Yet Khetieve was fiercest of his kind. Far more deadly than any Dragon born in the modern ages. That was why he had survived.
He was long weary of war. The Dragonlord of Flame waited for Khetieve to reconfigure his mouth to form words as precisely as he wished. The Dragonlord of Water had perfect diction, even for his kind.
“Khetieve will do. Xool is no longer mine, even in name. I relinquished it. The Iron Vanguard has claimed it.”
“You did not contest them?”
Perhaps that was an insult if he had been driven off. However, the Dragonlord simply spat—such a disgusting gesture from an elegant personage. Yet it was how his kind expressed themselves in water.
“We need it not. The Seatouched will leave land be. I hear the Dullahans even kept the name. May they keep their cities and rot.”
His tone was no less bitter, despite the light way he spoke. He could have cursed them with language so powerful a [Witch] would struggle to match him with spells. Yet he was resigned.
“This era is breaking down. Will we ever reconvene here, I wonder?”
A Dragonlord with feathers, not scales, spoke as the two oldest Dragons exchanged words. Another time—Teriarch might have snarled at her, in pride, for there was an order here.
