9.06
Page 9
“Ah, a Lady-of-Arms. You are well met indeed, Lady Paterghost, and Ailendamus could want for no finer a noble protectorate of the throne. Taima be with thee, and Gura shield you and your companion. A Treasurewarden and Lady-of-Arms is a potent combination of dignity.”
Paterghost looked delighted by the appellations. Rhisveri’s teeth ground together audibly.
She was going to refer to herself like that every time they gathered, wasn’t she?
However, that confirmed it. Rhisveri was almost, almost completely certain that Teriarch was making up names at this point. He based that on the convenience of the address…they were such obvious titles, ones that made sense, that Rhisveri suspected that if you had a fancy way to refer to an intelligent suit of armor or mimic, it wouldn’t sound like ‘Treasurewarden’ but some obscure name.
Secondly? If there was a grander way to refer to herself, Paterghost would have found and have been using it long ago.
Etymologically, Rhisveri had to admit he was a bit fascinated by this. Was this when the lexicon changed? Just a Dragon spouting bullshit? Actually—that was how most words developed.
Time to end the pleasantries. Rhisveri hadn’t just been simmering with active hostility. He had been planning a retort.
“I trust Lord Uzine and the other immortals will have time to meet you, cousin. However, I must insist that our business is concluded here first. Ryoka Griffin herself is my guest, and until you provide assurances to back up your insults to Ailendamus, she must stay out of sight.”
Teriarch’s head came up at that name. He turned to Rhisveri, and the Wyrm smiled. Right up until Teriarch spoke.
“Ah…Ryoka Griffin…? I believe I have met her. Hail once more to the Rulers of Mountains. The royal line does not die so long as their people remain.”
He gave a very respectful nod to the Griffin perched in a tree, ignoring her elders telling her to get lost. Rhisveri and all the immortals looked left, and the Wyrm’s mouth opened as he saw Teriarch addressing—Gilaw.
Gilaw looked confused and offended. Teriarch noticed and coughed.
“Er—was I perhaps mistaken?”
“Ryoka Griffin? The Wind Runner, the Human you—Archmage Eldavin seemed to hold in some regard? The thief who stole the scr—who helped return you to your body?”
He didn’t want to mention the Scroll of Resurrection, although Visophecin and the others might have learned of its existence. Teriarch blinked at Rhisveri.
“Ah, Ryoka. Forgive me, Featherfriend.”
He nodded at Gilaw and then turned back to Rhisveri.
“—I would be interested in meeting with her, briefly. I understand she is a prisoner of Ailendamus. Her own crimes I would also like to amend and see her returned to her life without grudge nor enmity. I shall repay that debt, but we need not hold her between us as a point of issue, cousin.”
“You don’t—wish to speak with her?”
Rhisveri hesitated. The Dragon’s face was still almost completely unreadable, but his nonchalant attitude didn’t seem forced. Once more, Teriarch paused.
“I believe our acquaintance may also have been memories lost to me. It is regrettable, but as such things have come to pass, I hope simply to make amends. Come now. Let us not discuss mortal foibles.”
It was there Teriarch made his first mistake. It was all too likely that the Dragonlord said that after carefully considering how to speak to Rhisveri. Analyzing Ailendamus and so on.
However, his comment did not pass well among Visophecin or any of the other immortals. In fact—Rhisveri found his own mouth moving despite himself.
