9.06
Page 3
He could ill-afford battle. Especially here, but the world had greater issues before it, and he had no allies. None—unless a Walled City he had no knowledge of in its current form counted. Or…
The [Maid] claimed he had one of the Five Families on his side. It sounded too ludicrous to be a lie, even if she’d managed the Skills. However, he was wary of whatever that had looked like.
Reinharts. A Walled City. A Wyrm-led coalition of the immortalis. Not ideal allies. And he had so many foes to contend with.
The dead rulers. Seamwalkers. The ill-fated Necromancer he vaguely remembered. And the Antinium.
He had been asleep too long. Even his note-spells, such as they were, seemed to indicate he had been in contact with this Magnolia Reinhart less and less.
A mortal weariness in my bones. I couldn’t even fly to First Landing. 
…Who in their right minds had chosen him as the ghost to bring back and lay the burdens of the world upon? Anyone else! That high-and-mighty Xarkouth, Saracandre, even Yderigrisel! If there was any Dragon who would relish a nigh-impossible quest against some horrific foe…
All gone. How did a Dragon mourn? Teriarch had not done it yet. He had awoken in despair and duty and come here first, after seeing all that had passed. He walked towards the Wyrm until he stared up at the giant serpent, coiled upon himself as if to strike.
Already, the negotiations were not going well. The Wyrm was not even hiding his killing intent. He was, like a snake, ready to shoot forwards.
The silence thickened as the immortals surrounded him in a semi-circle. Some looked patently disbelieving. Others—wary. Why did he see fear in so many eyes?
What did my shadow do? Another stab of guilt, but the Dragon did his best.
He opened his mouth, and his pre-prepared speech came to his lips. As before, so again.
“Hail, Cousin. Hail, descendant of Zessoprica. Hail, Great Wyrm of Ailendamus. I greet thee as—wait. Where did you get that?”
The narrow-eyed Wyrm was baring his fangs, venom-acid dripping from his furious maw, when the Brass Dragon suddenly turned, fixed Culnous, the leader of the Merfolk, with an incredulous stare, and pointed one claw.
The old Merfolk raised the trident instantly, and a globe of pale, pinkish water enveloped the Merfolk. They backed up, and half the immortals tensed, but Teriarch was staring at the trident.
“That’s Khetieve’s Warden Trident. You’re Merfolk under his protection. What happened to him?”
Culnous froze, eyes opened wide, but then, at the name of the Dragonlord of Waves, blurted a reply.
“You know the missing guardian? No one has seen him since the Creler Wars! The sanctuaries were abandoned. This is his relic.”
“Haven’t seen him since the—is he dead? He shouldn’t be. He was only wounded—very badly, but he cannot be dead.”
The Dragon was horrified. Culnous looked at another of his people, and she called out.
“No one saw him. He retreated below where even we can swim—but then, an earthquake shook the entire sea floor. He never returned.”
“He wouldn’t have been buried. Even wounded, he could call for help. Wait. Earthquakes…was that when those idiotic [Archmages] tried to sink Rhir and it backfired?”
“We—don’t know. Only four of the Oldest were alive, then. With his passing, the monsters grew bolder and bolder. We had to flee our sanctuaries after the second Kraken attack. And after that—our tridents—”
