9.06
Page 29
“Only myself. It was considered a technique far beyond most Dragons.”
“I can see why. Watching you smash yourself into the ground like that was the most amazing self-inflicted wound I’ve ever seen.”
The Brass Dragon took a second to take a longer drink before laughing loudly.
“Yes, quite! I could go faster, you know. But I wouldn’t have wanted to injure you that severely.”
“Or yourself. Hahahahaha.”
“Ohohoho. Quite.”
The laughter was getting less natural and more like…someone imitating the sounds. The Wyrm and Dragon stared at each other over their drinks. The convivial air, never that strong to begin with, faded away. Teriarch’s mouth opened wider, showing all his teeth. Rhisveri calmly crunched one of the silos and tossed it to one side while picking up another with his tail.
The Brass Dragon dropped the smile.
“Take my Dragonthrone.”
“No. I don’t need it nor want it.”
Rhisveri spat, and the Dragonlord of Flame growled.
“Don’t play games with me, Rhisveri. You won’t find a treasure equal to my Dragonthrone anywhere in this world.”
“I don’t want it. I’d cherish it if it were a prize taken from you in battle. A gift? A bribe? A patronizing little gesture for the ghosts? Give it to the Sariant Lambs. Ailendamus refuses.”
“You are arrogant beyond belief.”
Teriarch hissed. Rhisveri flicked his tail, rising slightly.
“Do you want to try again, elder Dragon? I am not the one feeling my age. Nor will you stop Ailendamus from doing as it wishes.”
“Do you think your nation is the largest I’ve seen burn? Mortals struck down your vaunted armies, my help or not.”
The Dragon paced left, and Rhisveri slithered, uncoiling slightly. The Great Wyrm snarled.
“If you want to back the other nations, be my guest. Shall we make it a proxy war or will I see you on the battlefield? I’ve defeated other Dragons. I fought in the Creler Wars and before that. Do you remember the Silver Dragonknight? I sent him crawling away in battle.”
Teriarch snorted a gout of purple flame in amusement, and Rhisveri hesitated, uncertain.
“Yderigrisel? He loses to everyone. Lost to. I remember a Necromancer beat him nearly a hundred times in a row. Yderigrisel was a Silver Dragon. Better at escaping or illusions. That idiot wore armor and fancied himself a [Knight]. He was no Dragonlord. Unless you fought him with an army at his back, that would be the last Dragon to boast of defeating.”
Rhisveri’s eyes narrowed.
“It must be so convenient to be the famous Dragonlord. No one can ever match the foes you’ve met, nor live up to some ancient kingdom of Crelercrap that existed two hundred thousand years ago and built Adamantium towers out of mud sticks. You have no right to demand anything of me. I am the last Wyrm.”
“And I am the last Dragonlord of Flame. I did not come here to make demands on Ailendamus nor you—”
“Oh, no. Just to assume I was a tyrant and tell me to change my ways or face rebellion. Do not prevaricate with me, Teriarch. I understand nuance.”
The Wyrm and Dragon narrowed the gap. Teriarch was trying to draw back from another heated exchange, but he was a fire Dragon.
He went in hot.
“If you keep conquering Terandria, I will not have to do anything. I came here seeking an ally. You know what’s coming back. Dead…gods.”
He spoke it into the silence, and the Wyrm recoiled. Rhisveri looked at Teriarch, and the Dragon’s pulse thundered.
Even saying their nature was anathema. Their natures…Rhisveri nodded slowly.
“I know. It’s impossible to fight what doesn’t exist yet, though.”
