9.06
Page 19
The burning blue flames blasting from wingtip to wingtip behind the Dragon. The Dragonlord of Flames shot away as his fire burned behind him.
Like a—Rhisveri didn’t have a good analogy.
Ryoka—did.
 
——
 
“A fucking fighter jet? What? What? WHAT?”
Teriarch wasn’t even flying anymore! Not with his wings—he just spread them like an airplane and let combustion do the rest. He accelerated as the disbelieving Wyrm fell into the distance. Then he turned—and Ryoka saw him circling like a fighter plane.
Ready for a dogfight. A dragonfight. 
The Brass Dragon came roaring back through the air, and Ryoka saw a shockwave of air travelling behind him. He had just breached the sound barrier—and he was coming right at Rhisveri in a straight-on charge.
The Wyrm of Ailendamus howled as he charged, encased in his lightning-armor. Willing to trade the impact.
The Dragonlord stared at the Wyrm coming at him—then he did a twisting corkscrew up and down through the air. Rhisveri was locked onto him, refusing to let him get around the Wyrm. They were going to collide! Ryoka cried out—
And then saw something flash on the ground.
 
——
 
Visophecin was so engrossed in listening to Ryoka and seeing the Dragon fight, he hadn’t realized the other effect of the Dragon’s speed. He looked up sharply and shouted.
“Rhisveri—he escaped the teleportation lock! Watch—”
Too late. The Lucifen felt the Dragon’s magic flow past him and whirled. He turned, and the boulder that the Brass Dragon had tapped flashed. Visophecin stared at it.
Between the moments when the Dragon had evaded the Wyrm till now, a subtle spell had been coating the stone. Chipping bits of it away, contouring it like an automated [Sculptor]. It was still mostly a giant block of stone.
Only, someone had shaped it into a giant claw. A Dragon’s claw—curled into a fist—
 
——
 
The Brass Dragon popped out of the air. He appeared in front of Visophecin at a complete stand-still. In his place, in the air, appeared a block of stone shaped like a giant fist.
It hit Rhisveri at about Mach 1. The thunder nearly deafened Ryoka again. But when Rhisveri landed, even the mortals in the capital, blissfully ignorant of the fighting, felt the tremor run through their houses and homes, sending valuables clattering off shelves.
The stunned Wyrm lay on his back and tasted his own blood. He was up in fifteen seconds with one thought in his mind.
That. Hurt.
His brother had been the last person to wound him that badly. He might have broken bones in his face.
And yet—he twisted around and saw the Dragonlord in the air. Rhisveri’s howl was followed by a lunge—
Teriarch shot up. did a vertical roll, and flew over Rhisveri’s back. His mouth opened. and he coated Rhisveri’s entire body in Dragonfire. The screaming Wyrm rolled around and then shouted.
“[Crimson Storm of the Blood Demon]!”
This time, he unleashed a thousand bolts of lightning which criss-crossed the skies. Teriarch contemptuously dipped one wing.
Dragonlord of Flame! He performed an aileron roll followed by a dizzying dive—all pushing the sound barrier, still accelerating as he built up speed. As Archmage Eldavin, so Teriarch.
He was second to none in the skies. He had brought down every foe, even other Dragonlords of the air, with a Fire Dragon’s speed. Rhisveri was larger, tougher—but he couldn’t even begin to catch Teriarch.
