9.06
Page 16
On the ground, the Dragon would be in trouble. In the air—Rhisveri was trying to ground him to use his full weight.
Teriarch, on the other hand, was far older, smaller, but he had all the magical power of a Dragonlord, and he was turtling, blocking everything with his magical shields. He didn’t maneuver much—he mostly kept airborne, teleporting out of the way of attacks.
Impeccable footwork, still trying to calm Rhisveri down. It lasted right up until Visophecin locked down teleportation.
Ryoka saw Teriarch try to teleport—and then Rhisveri slammed into him and opened his maw.
“Die, Dragonlord!”
And he unleashed his venomous acid at point-blank range. Ryoka saw a cloud deadlier than even the volcanic ashstorm fill the skies, and the roar of pain was followed by a thunderous impact.
Teriarch slammed into the ground and got up just in time to see Visophecin chanting.
“[Summon: Avatar of the Wyrm Queen].”
The skies began to open. The battle went from about 21 to 100 in a moment. Teriarch looked up and roared.
“If it’s a fight you want, upstart, then—”
Rhisveri whirled around, and his serpentine body cracked out like a whip. Teriarch’s magical shields finally exploded as a ghostly Wyrm began drifting out of the heavens. The Dragon went tumbling across the ground, and Ryoka cried out.
“[Arise, Forests of Estiphole]!”
The Wyrm of Ailendamus had been practicing for battle against foes like Teriarch all his life. Ryoka had seen his workout routine once—she realized, as giant trees sprouted from the ground, what he was going to do.
Towering trunks of wood, every color from light beige to new greenwood, as large as the ancient redwoods of her world. And this was a spell—they formed entangling canopies, a network of vast columns.
Rhisveri’s body shot into the trees as Teriarch tried to fly and found the branches and trees stifling his mobility. The second Wyrm descended, and the coils of their body danced from tree to tree.
Like a snake, encircling the arena, able to strike from any direction. How they fought underground—adapted for an aerial foe.
Two Wyrms circled the Brass Dragon, and Ryoka saw Teriarch’s head turning left, right as he tried to gain altitude.
But so—slowly. Ryoka Griffin could fly faster than that. The Brass Dragon’s laboring wings were slow. He was so heavy that he really couldn’t zoom through the air.
And Rhisveri? He could fly as fast as a striking snake, amplified by his thousands of feet of body. He had caught her.
The two Wyrms struck in tandem, one going low, the other high. Teriarch saw the [Avatar of the Wyrm Queen] coming at him and dove down—straight into Rhisveri’s jaws.
“No!”
Ryoka didn’t know how strong his scales were, but nothing could take the impact from Rhisveri like that. The Wyrm slammed into the Dragon unable to teleport—
And then the sound that rang through the air made Ryoka and all the immortals clap their hands to their ears. It was followed by an ear-splitting shriek from Rhisveri.
The Wyrm writhed, howling, on the ground, and Ryoka Griffin looked up just in time to see a Dragon land on Rhisveri’s body and slam the Wyrm back into the ground. Ryoka’s eyes went round.
Then—she realized she’d never seen Rhisveri fight. Eldavin?
Rhisveri could have probably killed Eldavin. Especially with his true body. Especially against the Archmage of Memory who fought like a Dragon, with a Dragon’s arrogance and none of his qualities.
Teriarch was a Dragonlord. And as his scales flashed and he roared, Ryoka realized—
