9.06
Page 20
The Wyrm saw a flicker, and [Valmira’s Comets] began to slam into him as he tried to cast a spell and hit Teriarch. They were more like the lightest of punches thrown by a child, even with the Dragonlord’s power behind them, but the Dragon kept throwing them.
And he was speeding up again. Rhisveri was in a mortal terror of the second object the Dragon threw at him. All he had to do was swap places with a rock, and the impact could punch a hole through a fort if it were fast and heavy enough.
Or him. The Wyrm began chanting barrier spells, but the Dragon blazed past him like a living comet. He dove low to the ground, one wing snapping out to turn him at an angle. A Garuda’s Reversal, as precise as a 45º angle. He winced at the pain in his wings. Then the near-vertical ascent, dodging the immortal’s spells—they couldn’t even catch him with homing spells.
The Harpy Empress’ dive—Teriarch’s wings opened as flames shot below him to send him into the stratosphere. And he felt a muscle give.
“Oh—”
 
——
 
Ryoka Griffin hadn’t been breathing at the greatest display of aerial combat in this or any world. Right up until she saw Teriarch open his wings, saw one falter and close slightly—and him slam into the ground.
No. No. Slam was not the right word. Slam was hitting a door that closed in your face at a mild jog. Slam might break your nose at the worst.
This? This was a train engine crash. A runaway impact from an airplane crashing into the ground at the speed of sound.
The Brass Dragon twisted as his wings failed to open. He rotated—hit the ground along his back—and then went crashing across the ground, head over heels, sideways, wings and face and claws tearing up the dirt.
He skipped like a stone for a thousand feet, hitting the ground each time before he finally slowed, rolled over, and came to a stop.
“Dead gods!”
“Oh. Oh! Oooooh!”
Even the other immortals were groaning. Ryoka saw Paxere covering her mouth. Ryoka was half-screaming, half gasping. Was he…?
Even Rhisveri looked uncertain. The Dragonlord lay there, mouth slightly open—and then he rose. He got to his feet, and Ryoka thought at least one scale had been torn; there was some red on him. Teriarch gazed around dizzily, then whirled to face Rhisveri.
The Wyrm was encased in protective magic. The Dragonlord spoke after merely a half-second. He coughed and then nodded.
“You—well done. You knocked me out of the skies. Few can boast of that, Wyrm.”
Rhisveri’s mouth opened. Ryoka saw him stare at Teriarch, then reply.
“…No. You did that to yourself.”
“Nonsense. I felt the spell. I will not underestimate you twice.”
The Dragonlord’s face was completely straight, but Ryoka saw a familiar…look he was trying to hide. Rhisveri saw Teriarch cough into one claw.
“Shall we continue? We have both dealt the other a blow. Be warned—my next attack shall not take you so lightly.”
Bluff or not, the Wyrm hesitated. He saw a plume of smoke escaping Teriarch’s nostrils, and the Dragonlord’s eyes burned. Embarrassed he might be, but if he did that again—
Had he begun to fight?
What the Wyrm didn’t know was that Teriarch’s own facade was hiding a world of agony. The Wyrm hesitated—then snarled.
“Looking for mercy now? Show me something to be afraid of, Dragonlord of Flames.”
I can’t feel my face. He kept swallowing blood, and Teriarch was sure that was not a good sign. Yet the rest of his body was intact. The Dragonlord of Flames crouched as Rhisveri called his bluff. The Wyrm charged, only to realize the mistake of young warriors.
