9.06
Page 1
Hierarchy was dead. Dragons were dead. The Dragonthrone’s seats lay empty—the others had come for battle.
Some wore armor. One carried a glowing spear, which floated around him, dancing with disintegration. Some, like Khetieve, trusted only to their abilities.
Teriarch’s armor was blasted in places. The truegold corroded. Green smoke still rose from the metal. He broke off from his light conversation. Nodded.
“Whatever happens next, the Dragonthrone will be used. This is the last beach. The mortals have drawn back. Whomsoever chooses to leave—”
“Do not offer us three times, Terrium.”
A hissing retort from a Wyvern, her scales dark like shadows. Teriarch glanced at her and, for a moment, wished the last Dragonlord who could join them in this stand were here.
Dragonlord of War. But she fought seldom with allies of their kind.
In the days to come—the last three Dragonlords to survive would be he, Khetieve, and the absent Dragonlord. The others would not die here. Not all of them.
Only three would survive the following eras. When the Creler Wars began, they would not gather here. It would be a mockery, three in a Dragonthrone meant for dozens of Dragonlords and hundreds below them.
He did not know it, but he knew it. Teriarch exhaled and nodded, and the Dragonlords walked across the throne, towards the boundary where this reality merged with the next. Proudly, heads held high, lungs filled with magic.
“—I am weary.”
The Dragonlord of Flames spoke as he walked. His head emerged from the Dragonthrone, and he saw a beach, torn by smoking craters of acid. Dead mortals, who had fought next to titans.
“Weary. Let us end this. Mortals need not join this. Whatever comes of this moment—we shall settle this long war here.”
The Dragonthrone shone behind him. A vision—a physical presence that divided the sand and water. A gateway into one of the greatest treasures of Dragons.
The mortals were watching from their ships. Harpies, flying cover over half-Elves and the loyal Drakes. Gnoll adventurers and Drowned Folk and more.
Watching.
He was not just speaking to his kin. The Dragonlord’s claws crunched on sand turned to glass. Chandrar’s green landscape stretched out before him, and the Dragonlords began to count.
They were outnumbered. Six-to-one. Twelve Dragons and one Wyvern spread out, facing the twisting figures that turned from their feeding upon carrion on the beach.
Yet these were no monsters. No thoughtless foes. They were princes and princesses. And—making the Dragons seem as children before true giants—
The Great Wyrms of Chandrar. The Dragonlords halted, and Teriarch spoke. To his cousins as they laughed and mocked him, as three continents’ armies fled in defeat. In that fragile moment of overconfidence where they gathered against their overwhelmed foe for the greatest of prizes.
They were vulnerable. All it would take was resolve. A battle with no quarter. A simple trick.
“Seal the Dragonthrone once a third pass into it.”
Khetieve’s mental voice was so quiet even the Wyrms wouldn’t hear. The Dragonlord of Skies answered him with a single flap of her wings. There was nothing left to do now. So Teriarch, the Dragonlord of Flames, dipped his head once as he met the Wyrms upon the sands.
“Hail, cousins.”
 
——
 
It took but a moment. Then he was descending. And his body felt far heavier, his wings less sure, and he wore no armor and flew with no one at his side.
That was how memory worked. One second to see that particular shade of scales. Jade green, a pale underbelly like a riverbed shining bright under a path of grass.
