9.06
Page 27
“Glass? The first cities I personally oversaw featured glass windows in even commonfolk homes. I’m sure you know how poorly glass is blown outside of dedicated cities? I merely introduced proper refining techniques—Ailendamus doesn’t even have that much sand! A decade later, we were supplying glass to nations around the world.”
Teriarch’s brows rose.
“Is that why I noticed so much glass even in Drake cities like Liscor?”
Rhisveri looked quite pleased.
“It’s not all from us. Diffusion over two hundred years means the techniques resurfaced worldwide. But yes, that is likely Ailendamus’ influence. It’s quite a lucrative market—[Repair] spells are the best most [Mages] can do, so glass contributes to a substantial amount of our exports to some countries.”
“I see. You know, it reminds me much of this Chandrarian kingdom I visited, oh, five thousand years ago? They were also glass experts. Glass homes—opaque, naturally—but wonderfully colorful from sand. Glass roads, smooth as could be. Glass Golems—”
“It must have been as hot as a volcano there.”
Rhisveri commented. Teriarch’s brows rose.
“Oh, entirely. That was how they destroyed themselves, or so I heard. Someone built an edifice that was too reflective—and it started melting everything around it. Then that glass became reflective and—”
Rhisveri chuckled at the notion of an entire kingdom literally refracting itself to destruction.
“That is the stupidest construction I’ve ever…no, wait. I can top that.”
“Indeed?”
Rhisveri inclined his head as he glanced sideways at Teriarch. Still slightly challenging, but he kept his tone pleasant. As pleasant as Teriarch was trying to sound. Casual, that was it.
“Not that I’m a Dragonlord of such age, but I have seen a few amusing buildings in my time. Have you ever seen Sariant Lambs try to build a tower?”
“No.”
Even the Brass Dragon smiled. Rhisveri nodded slightly northeast.
“The Lucifen and Agelum love the damn things. Well, Agelum. We had so many at one point that they had an entire colony in secret. When Visophecin tracked them back, he found a damn tower being built by Sariant Lambs out of scrap.”
“These are Sariant Lambs, yes? Tiny? No opposable digits…? No mutations?”
Rhisveri’s mouth opened wide.
“None. Imagine a lamb trying to swing a hammer. I don’t even know how many casualties they took getting it that high. It was fifty feet tall, and it looked like weather had knocked it over three times.”
“That is actually ridiculous.”
Despite himself, Teriarch felt himself snorting. He was moved to contribute a story of his own.
“I’ve seen similar stunts, you know. Wyverns have built their own structures.”
“…No. Those inbred lizards?”
“Ah, the greater species are intelligent, and their royal versions can shapeshift. But regular Wyverns—indeed. It is amazing—Ogres, trolls, even monkey tribes do far better jobs when they have the time.”
Rhisveri chuckled.
“I wish I had seen that. It reminds me of when we decided to take apart the damn tower. The Sariants kept trying to fight anyone dismantling it. So I set fire to the building, and they ran around shrieking as if we were broiling them. Sariant Lambs, trying to form a bucket chain…”
That sounded more like cruelty to Teriarch. And he knew full well that Sariants were the most devious, untrustworthy little monsters you could find as pets. He bared his teeth and chuckled politely.
The Wyrm noticed the forced smile. He took a longer sip from his drink, and Teriarch did the same.
