9.06
Page 2
Green eyes, green scales, not mismatched like so many Dragons. A different kind of green within, though, like the wilds of a world inside, an overgrown landscape. Capable of wisdom and intellect.
All the Brass Dragon remembered in those familiar eyes—and he had seen thousands—was wrath. Contempt. Greed.
One look and he knew who had spawned the last Wyrm he had ever thought to meet. A name rose to his lips.
“Zessoprica.”
A single Wyrm cunning enough to let the Great Wyrms charge before her. Wise enough to fall back at their disastrous defeat.
The last Great Wyrm of this world. Or so Teriarch had thought. Another lay before him, his body undulating with threat.
He wasn’t even young. This Wyrm was…if not the largest that Teriarch had ever seen, one in his prime. No Wyrm could reach that size in two thousand years.
He also had magical training—Teriarch detected a dozen quick pulses, as adept as anything he could have conjured. It caught him off-guard, but the Wyrm probably found nothing more than the residue of teleportation and a few ward spells.
Who taught this Wyrm magic? He was unsettlingly good. If Teriarch had engaged in a battle of spellcraft, he might have…well, it would have become a contest of magical depth as much as finesse.
In that sense, the Dragon was at a disadvantage. He did not understand why Rhisveri’s eyes narrowed so dangerously or why he swept past Teriarch’s own magical wards.
It was as if they’d met before. Or at least, some version of Teriarch had. The Dragon tried to adjust his pace.
He was walking forwards like he was preparing for battle. Calm—he lowered his head slightly, attempted to smile.
However, he felt like he was walking upon older battlefields. His wounds ached.
Was this why he’d been called back? No—and no again. Humility.
The Dragon had taken a measure of Ailendamus as he flew in. A new Terandrian kingdom with merely two hundred years of backing? He—didn’t recall it.
But he didn’t remember anything in the last century, only bare fragments. It was conceivable he hadn’t paid attention or noticed, but in hindsight, the sudden rise to power was obvious.
No matter where he looked, he saw immortals. They had signaled him away from the capital, towards what looked like a former battlefield. Recent; it must have been the site of the last conflict between the Dawn Concordat and Ailendamus.
More and more elements made sense as the Dragon glanced left and saw a line of wary figures stalking him. Dignified—they had the whiff of fire, but there was more darkness about them. Even without that or the other telltale features, like the teeth, horns, and tails he could spot through their illusions, there was no mistaking their kind.
“The Lucifen. Wonderful. And Agelum. When did they make peace?”
That made him rethink his decision—again. Lucifen ruling a nation seldom turned out well. Then he reminded himself he wasn’t coming to dictate anything.
The Merfolk put him exactly in the opposite direction. Teriarch blinked at them. He hadn’t expected to see…
A Griffin was flying around him as the Dragon walked forwards. He heard whisper-spells telling her to back away. She was challenging him, but she was barely a sixth his size; a child.
It was conceivable she had been born in Kaliv or another Griffin territory. If there were no others, she was a wild royal.
Was the Wyrm kidnapping children from other lands?
Peace. Peace. Teriarch had steeled his will against whatever he might see. However heinous—wait first, then act.
