9.06
Page 5
She looked triumphant at getting this tidbit out of Ryoka and immediately began whispering to Visophecin. Ryoka just stared at Paxere.
“…You’re no Visophecin. I told everyone that.”
Paxere’s triumphant look faded. She opened her mouth, but Visophecin himself spoke through the stone in their link.
“Brass Dragons are merely a type. They have no hierarchy metallically, Paxere. This is no ordinary Dragon. No younger Lucifen are to approach if an altercation begins. Sophridel has confirmed Ryoka’s name. This is Teriarch, a Dragonlord. One of the greatest Dragons ever to fly the world over. Do not let Ryoka Griffin approach him. Silence your communication spell.”
“Yes, Visophecin.”
Paxere fumbled with the stone, and Ryoka experienced a moment of vicarious pride. Right until it shifted back to worry.
They recognized him. Yes, some of them did. Many immortals, from Paterghost to Paxere, didn’t know the name. But the old ones did. They knew Teriarch like Ryoka knew of them.
Legends unto immortals. Sophridel’s masks, hanging in the veil of shadows, all turned to Teriarch with expressions of unease. Visophecin adjusted his posture as the Lucifen spread out into a battle formation. Rhisveri was still tensed, snarling.
 
——
 
“I wish we had a dragonslayer’s sword. We had a nice one before that damned Goblin King attacked.”
Uzine planted the eighteenth blade fifty paces away from the last one. He was still in his wheelchair. When he stood, he’d fight. But he might need even the scraps of energy it took to stand right now.
Dragonlord. Even the Agelum had few in their number who had met one—anymore. But then, they did die; their immortality was tainted by their shattered health.
Some of Visophecin’s predecessors had known Dragonlords, Uzine well knew. Not just met them, but had relationships both adversarial and amicable.
Damn. This wouldn’t be like fighting a regular Dragon. Eighteen blades, and each one was one of the finest weapons in Ailendamus’ armory, meant for their [Generals] or champions. Rhisveri had made three of them; the other immortals all but two.
Each one might break if it came to battle. Hence, Uzine spacing them out. The Dragon was alone, but Uzine didn’t want a war.
Not now. They’d all already lost enough. Fithea…
And Razia.
No one said she was dead. Not yet. Rhisveri had interrogated Ryoka and kept claiming she had something to do with it, but Uzine doubted it. Ryoka Griffin was not the sort of person who would or could do something like that. Make Razia disappear without a trace. The Human might be related to what had happened, but Uzine was a warrior.
He knew, already, what had happened. If not why or how.
Now we might waste more lives in a battle against the last Dragonlord of Flames. It would not come to that. Could not.
“If he fights, it will only be because Rhisveri loses his temper. See how he comes to us. He agreed to take this away from the capital. He spoke to Culnous as a friend.”
“Did you believe that part about the Dragonlord of Waves being his brother? I nearly shat myself laughing.”
The other Agelum smiled as she rolled her wheelchair forwards.
“Humility. He is trying to be reasonable.”
They were speaking, now. All the Agelum could hear it. Rhisveri’s voice was over-loud and full of ire, as much as they’d ever heard him speak.
“—do not suffer Dragons upon my land lightly, ‘Dragonlord’. Or is it…Eldavin?”
