9.06
Page 8
“—I do. I will amend these ills as best I may, cousin. I can only claim the madness of magic misused. I, myself, do not know what went wrong. If I could but guess—I attempted to do something so dangerous it backfired. Piercing Archmage Zelkyr’s last test comes to mind. Whatever guards Wistram may be more dangerous than I anticipated. Enough to wound a Dragon’s mind.”
Rhisveri hoped his own poker-face was good enough to keep his thoughts from revealing themselves. Archmage Zelkyr’s test? He said it so casually. Then again, Rhisveri had wondered if he, in his true body, might not break it in twain as well.
These were all good-faith statements. However, it was making the prickling ire worse. Rhisveri did not like feeling—looked down upon. But that was the effect he was getting, as a ruler entertaining the guest who had strode into his inner sanctum and demanded an audience.
Yes, that was what the Dragon had done wrong. He had teleported into Ailendamus and forced this meeting. His demeanor now was humble. No, wait.
He spoke as if one were supposed to be humble, but without a shred of it actually evident. Rhisveri decided he was losing control of his own tongue. He made a subtle signal, and Visophecin stepped forwards. He might have done it anyways.
“The Infernal Court greets thee, Dragonlord. I am Visophecin, First of Lucifen. It has been long since our kinds last met.”
His bow was careful and refined. Different from any other formal salute that Rhisveri had ever seen. It must be designed for Dragons, and as for those titles…Rhisveri hadn’t heard Visophecin claim that since their first meeting.
The Infernal Court was dead. House Shoel didn’t refer to themselves like that. Not after a Goblin King cut down their already thin numbers.
However, it was a probing greeting. Unfortunately for Visophecin? It seemed the Dragon was either fast on his feet or used to dealing with the Lucifen. Both, probably. The Dragon lifted a claw and drew it across his breast in a five-pointed star which made one of the other Lucifen catch their breath sharply.
“I greet thee, First of Law. Unto the Infernal Court, I come as supplicant only in hospitality’s sacred name. My admiration for the Infernal Court extends also to the Radiant Host. May I greet their Visionary?”
Visophecin only paused a second as he straightened out of his bow.
“He—is arriving presently. We regret that this meeting does not take place under more suitable auspices.”
The Lucifen acknowledged the simple battleground, and Teriarch replied.
“It is not the first time I have met the Infernal Court out of splendor, Lord Visophecin. Nor, I pray, shall it be the last.”
The two nodded, and Rhisveri thought Visophecin had lost that bout handily. Normally, that would really cheer him up, but it only added to the feeling in his chest. The Dragon was taking the time to greet everyone with names or titles he clearly remembered.
“Warden Culnous. A Keeper of Masks. May I know your name? Sophridel of Many Faces, a rare honor to meet one of your nature so diverse. And…”
He came to Lady Paterghost, and the touchy, supercilious suit of armor spoke up quickly. Of the immortals present, she was probably aware her nature was the least august.
“I am Lady Paterghost by dint of my long service to Taimaguros’ royal palace. With me stands Nube, my sworn companion, Dragonlord.”
The mimic waved one hand as Paterghost tried to bow. Now, how would he address her? The Dragon’s eyes fixed the animated suit of armor that had been around for a thousand years before it decided to start giving its opinions to everyone it saw.
