9.06
Page 25
“I am in your debt. I shall repay it, Miss Griffin. I intend firstly to return you to Izril or the place of your convenience. Allow me a moment to—settle matters.”
He glanced at the immortals of Ailendamus, and Ryoka almost nodded. He was so aloof. She called out to Teriarch.
“Are you still planning on changing Wistram?”
He glanced over his shoulder. It was the only thing she could think to say to him. The Brass Dragon gave her a puzzled look, then a rueful laugh.
“Restore it to glory? So that was what I was attempting to do, I assume. No, no. I am pressed with—greater tasks.”
She wondered what they were. She wondered if she knew or could help. Yet the Dragon smiled at her in that fake way, and Ryoka almost reached out. She put her hands behind her back.
“—Then I guess you’ll make Eldavin vanish too, in time.”
Visophecin was listening sharply to their conversation, and Ryoka assumed Teriarch would give her a light response if anything. The Brass Dragon’s placating smile…froze on his face.
“…Make him vanish?”
Then, Rhisveri’s returning ire, the writhing pain in Ryoka’s stomach and urge to blurt out the last message from his daughter, the fear over conflict with Ailendamus—
All of it became a side-show to the look of dawning horror in Teriarch’s eyes. Pieces, falling together. Rhisveri’s comments, a familiar name—but that was the thing about arrogance. He had assumed his simulacrum was dead. As if his mistakes were so easy to erase. The immortals of Ailendamus gazed upon the Dragon’s true moment of fear and realized this new world would be trickier than they thought.
Teriarch had not known Eldavin was alive. Or rather, he had not known Eldavin was him. He had been asleep most of his travel across Izril, and he was not used to the television that was now commonplace in the world.
He also could tell everyone, instantly, that the Dragon and Archmage were not connected. One look—and the Dragon began to be very worried indeed. Very worried, guilty, and tired.
When she saw that, Ryoka Griffin almost burst into tears herself, because that…
That was the Teriarch she knew.
 
——
 
“My demands yet stand. Ryoka Griffin is to be exiled. Send her back to the palace and then out of my lands.”
“Without a geas. I must insist. The threat of death is unacceptable.”
The Wyrm’s jaw clenched, but he inclined his head very slowly—all without ever looking at Teriarch.
“It occurs to me, purely based on the initial wording of the geas, that emergencies do occur. Psychologically, it would not do for Princess Oesca to inadvertently murder Ryoka Griffin by sending her a [Message] spell. That tends to disrupt development in young minds.”
The young woman looked between Dragon and Wyrm.
“Rhisveri—”
“Get out of my sight. More pressing matters have arisen. Dragonlord, we shall discuss matters. Alone.”
The other immortals didn’t like that, but it beat the two brawling. It was the young woman that the Dragon noted. She wanted to say something to the Wyrm, but now was not the time.
When she looked at him—he found himself avoiding her gaze.
They had known each other, that was what his notes told him. He wanted to believe that it had not been much of a relationship. That he had mingled little with the mortals of this age.
Yet he looked at her and saw too many similarities to the other children he had met. It was, then, notable that he never met her eyes. Perhaps he was more afraid of speaking with her than Rhisveri.
“Teriarch…will I see you again?”
“My business on Terandria will not last long. I shall seek you out at least one last time, Miss Griffin. You have my word.”
