9.06
Page 24
A claw was poking her in the face. Ryoka could see it, but not move her head. Nor, thankfully, feel any pain.
Incidentally, the feeling of someone maneuvering an internal organ back into your body with all the delicacy of someone stuffing a sandwich into a bag was unforgettable. Ryoka Griffin resolved never to buy Barbie dolls or any other toy where you forcibly assembled or disassembled them.
It was only as bad as getting a tooth pulled under anesthesia—aside from the mental trauma. However, unlike modern medicine—
“I think she’s good. Someone, check her body. Not like that, all of you disgusting—no younger immortals. Wouldn’t [Restoration] have fixed it?”
That was Rhisveri. The second voice was familiar. Teriarch’s.
“Er…[Restoration] only assumes a set amount of damage. And it merely restores.”
“Ah, of course. [Restoration] one more time. Canceling [Pain Null]—”
A second later, after the scream had finished ringing in the air, Rhisveri spoke very calmly again.
“—and it is back. Er…what caused that?”
“Maybe a stone was lodged in a nerve? Is she still…?”
Someone poked Ryoka in the head. Azemith, and the world’s ills became so wonderfully inconsequential, and the young woman began giggling.
“[Delirious Happiness]. Oh, look. Flip her over. One of the ribs you broke is sticking out her back. The spell must not push it out of the body. Want me to yank it out?”
“Ah. That might be the culprit. But let’s make sure there’s no other causes.”
Here was the thing. Was this the foundation of all the nightmares and trauma therapy for the rest of her life?
Absolutely. Did she regret her actions?
No. Seeing someone else in that level of pain really brought people together. If only in mutual sympathy. And most importantly—when Ryoka Griffin got up and assured everyone she felt fine with all the enchantments dispelled, even Gilaw gave her a pat on the head.
There was nothing like watching someone get cracked open like a clam to make a tiny bit of amends. Menorkel looked like he’d been sick at least once, and even the Lucifen were a teensy bit sympathetic.
She looked up at Rhisveri and Teriarch. The Wyrm withdrew his head, and the Dragon harrumphed as he realized all eyes were on him again.
“I had—apparently—saved your life once before. Miss Ryoka Griffin? Please understand. To me, this is the first time we have met. Yet I am aware of your deeds.”
She looked up into that familiar face and almost asked him to break her ribs again. This was harder still, but Ryoka stared up at the Dragon and nodded.
“I…you did. And we did know each other.”
Teriarch looked sadly down at Ryoka.
“Indeed? I would say that is astonishing, surprising, and unlikely. But I cannot profess that after that last moment of bravery. I am sorry. I understand this ‘Eldavin’ has caused you much grief.”
“He did. I mean…he was confused.”
Teriarch’s head bowed lower as Rhisveri watched Ryoka with the other immortals. He was longing to jump in, but he had calmed down, vented his pique, and was just observing. Ryoka looked up as Teriarch stared down.
“Did I do the right thing?”
“Hm? Oh—yes. I was dead. The backlash—something occurred. I do not know what, but it must have disrupted the connection enough to slay the host, myself. You brought me back.”
He said it gently, even, Ryoka thought, trying to thank her. But there was a note of accusation there he couldn’t hide.
If they were in his cave, she would have asked him to explain it to her. Yet the Dragon here did not elaborate. He simply nodded.
