9.06
Page 12
Slowly, something began to move through the air. Visophecin didn’t even bother at a pretense of casualness—the immortals moved back and magical wards began appearing. Yet Teriarch was just focused on Rhisveri.
The Wyrm’s eyes were locked on something being drawn through the air. Teriarch continued, his voice low, solemn—and, yes, pained.
“This war has been bitter. One of forever’s children is dead, and her species dies with her. Let this be an end to it. The mortals need not trouble you, cousin. Allow them their hollow homes, built on our legacy. I offer you this in its place. Calanfer was built upon another, but that was gifted to Marquin the Radiant for her deeds by my peers. This…this Dragonthrone was never taken. It was home to the last gatherings of Dragon, Wyrm, and Wyvern. Let it be a fitting place for the last Great Wyrm of this world.”
He held a glowing orb in one claw. No—a contained world, so vast that it could hold hundreds of Dragons and still have room. Rhisveri saw tiny thrones made of material so powerful he had not more than scraps for his [Wizards] to research. The immortals around him gasped in pure shock. Visophecin’s own voice shook slightly.
“You are offering us…your Dragonthrone?”
The Dragonlord of Flames stared down at one of his greatest possessions. A sign of his authority. The legacy of Dragons.
Even his claw shook, so minutely only Rhisveri’s eyes saw it. Yet he let the Dragonthrone hover in the air, waiting to be unbound or entered. You could bring it into reality or use it as a hiding spot, have an inner sanctum no one could enter in the heart of your palace…
Every reason Rhisveri had used to convince the others to make war on Calanfer came back to him in a flash. This was the mark of power that no species could deny. The crowning jewel of Dragons.
Teriarch offered it to Rhisveri, and the Wyrm looked at the old Dragon.
“This is your gift? Truly?”
He couldn’t hide the surprise, the incredulity from his tone. Teriarch inclined his head slowly. A bow from Dragon to Wyrm.
“I do. I can offer no greater mark of my sincerity.”
The Wyrm’s gaze stared upon a wonder even he had not seen in eleven thousand years. A treasure to replace even a Scroll of Resurrection. His body trembled as he bent down to stare at the Dragonthrone—then up at Teriarch. He nodded slowly.
“I refuse your gift, Teriarch. I have no need of it.”
The Dragonlord’s eyes went wide, the first unguarded sign of true shock, and then narrowed a second before he resumed his mask.
“Rhisveri!”
Azemith called out, but the Wyrm was slithering back.
“Does something about it displease you, Rhisveri? This is my Dragonthrone. Home to the Dragonlords, and yes, even Great Wyrms. It was a shelter when magic died. A bastion to fight against—”
“I know. I do not want it. I do not want the leavings of an old Dragonlord too cowardly to do more than pay me off. I do not need a worn relic. And most of all, I scorn the notion that you could buy me as if I were as greedy as a lesser Wyrm.”
With each word, Rhisveri felt himself shaking. With glee. With satisfaction—purely for the anger now travelling across Teriarch’s face, no matter how hard he tried to hide it.
“Lesser Wyrms? Do you mean Zessoprica or the Wyrm Kings and Queens who made war for this very Dragonthrone? Every single species has set foot in this Dragonthrone as supplicants or enemies.”
“And? I have not ever moved within it. So until now, there is little to boast of. If you wish, I will do a circuit of the Dragonthrone before you leave that you might boast of it from now on.”
