9.06
Page 17
She actually knew squat about Dragons. Because Rhisveri had hit Teriarch, biting, put the full weight of his body into the blow. He hadn’t missed, nor had Teriarch attacked back.
He didn’t have to. The Brass Dragon stood as Rhisveri writhed, weighing down the Wyrm as Rhisveri fought to get free. He was so heavy the Wyrm couldn’t lift him off easily.
Because—he was made of metal.
He had always looked like his scales were metallic. Now? It was like a statue of a Dragon. Solid metal—solid enough for a Wyrm to chip his fangs on impact.
Brass Dragon. Rhisveri’s head came up. He aimed at the Dragon, and his mouth opened.
Wyrm’s venomous breath. Teriarch inhaled. Ryoka saw his mouth open, and again—he surprised her. Because what emanated from his maw, as Rhisveri began to exhale, was faster than any fire.
A storm of lightning engulfed Rhisveri’s face. Bolts which, like Dragonfire, were tinged purple, clinging to the scales as they discharged their energy. The Wyrm reeled backwards.
He’d lost the exchange of Dragonfire. Ryoka’s mouth was wide open.
He could do that? But fire—lightning was another kind of energy. It wasn’t as vivid as his fiery breath. But the Dragonlord had done what Rafaema hadn’t against the Wyvern Lord.
Practiced.
Wyrm and Dragon opened their mouths again. This time, the flames hit a stream of venom, and the explosion of steam engulfed both. Ryoka saw the vibrant flames pressing towards Rhisveri’s face. Equal in intensity—but Teriarch projected his like a spear of flame.
Rhiveri’s head dodged the flames, which still clung to his face as he screamed. He opened his mouth and exhaled black bile. Teriarch blasted it out of the air. He exhaled—then stopped. Ryoka saw him dodge aside.
The panting Dragonlord leapt away as the Wyrm followed him, still breathing acid. Neither seemed to have a limit to the Dragonbreath they could produce. But Teriarch was panting——
He was out of breath. Smoke trailed from his mouth as he ran on the ground. Ryoka recognized the blur of movement as [Haste]. Or [Greater Haste].
“You pathetic Dragon! Die!”
The summoned Wyrm dove straight down as Teriarch looked up. He opened his mouth—and exhaled.
This time, it was a ball of fire. It had been gathering in his mouth, compressing—and he spat it straight up into the open mouth of the Avatar. Ryoka saw the light enter the artificial Wyrm’s body.
Then she went blind. And deaf. Ryoka stumbled around until someone slapped her, literally.
“[Remove Blindness]! [Remove Deafness]!”
Ryoka could see again. The sunspots in her vision faded, and she felt the ringing in her ears clear up. Paxere pointed up.
“Look!”
Rhisveri was dueling in a firestorm of spells with Teriarch, shredding the magical forest. He was advancing—Teriarch was retreating, knocking down the magical spells.
Much like he had in Wistram. Only, this time—the Dragon was under attack from multiple sides.
The Lucifen had entered the fight. Azemith shot one of the deadly black bolts that had gone through Eldavin when he was first ambushed in Ailendamus. The Brass Dragon didn’t see the attack. It struck his scales—
And bounced straight into the dirt. Paxere choked.
“But that worked on—”
“Pathetic! Is this the best a Dragonlord can do?”
One of Rhisveri’s spells, a swarm of [Shatterbolts], struck Teriarch. Rather than evade or block, the Dragon just put his head down, and the bolts glanced off him. Ryoka’s eyes were wide.
