9.06
Page 18
Was Rhisveri better than Teriarch at magic? Once again, Teriarch seemed to be on the back foot—until Ryoka saw he was retreating out of Rhisveri’s battleground of trees. The Dragon backed into a boulder and grunted as one of the Lucifen sent a [Fireball] blasting into his side.
“Fall back. Lower-tier spells are completely ineffective.”
Visophecin met Teriarch’s gaze as the Dragon glowered his way. The Dragon glanced at the boulder, nearly his size, unearthed by the fighting. He slapped it once with his tail.
“I can use this. Are you done venting your pique, Rhisveri?”
“I have not even begun to do battle. Do you think your fire has even injured me?”
The Wyrm came slithering out of the forest. He was scorched and burnt from the fire and lightning breath. He’d hurt himself striking the metal Dragon—but besides that, he was truly unharmed.
Worse—he was getting angrier. Rhisveri’s scales began to ripple ominously, and this time—he began chanting his first self-enchantment spells.
“[Crackling Armor of the Lightning Emperor].”
“Ah. Void take it.”
Teriarch swore mildly. He looked up as a bolt of lightning shot down—and encircled Rhisveri’s body. It formed a helmet, a jagged lance of lightning at the top, and armor, oscillating with every microsecond.
The kind of armor that would deliver a fatal charge to anyone, especially a conductive Dragon, on impact. The Wyrm dove at him, and Teriarch flapped his wings. Flames swirled around him as he took to the air again.
“He cannot teleport. The network is holding.”
Visophecin had switched back to containment after seeing the ineffectual attacks. The Dragonlord glared at the Lucifen staying far behind their shields, but he didn’t have time to fight them.
The Wyrm was coming straight at him. The Dragonlord saw the Great Wyrm twisting through the air like a lance of lightning. If it hit him—well, he was sure he’d survive one impact. Whomever Rhisveri had been—he’d fought other Wyrms. This was a move to pierce their hides, tear even their infamously tough forms, and rend them apart.
So Teriarch opened his wings and flew. He raced for the skies. Immortals around him. The charging Wyrm.
“Gilaw, don’t!”
The rising Dragon was under attack by a tiny form. A screaming Griffin, heedless of the danger. She dove in the classic hawk’s dive, the second-fastest creature in the skies aside from the Wyrm.
She missed. The diving Griffin aborted her charge, and Rhisveri’s glowing body nearly struck her as he lunged—then twisted around.
“What the—?”
They were both going at post-Ryoka speeds. If it had been Ryoka, she would have been splattered by the impacts. Yet Teriarch was gone.
“Teleportation?”
No, it was still—Rhisveri’s eyes climbed. And there was the Brass Dragon, flying upwards.
How? Rhisveri shot into the air as he teleported Gilaw into the palace. The idiotic child appeared in his quarters as the Wyrm lunged again.
“You—”
This time, he slowed enough to see what happened. The Dragon saw him coming. Did he use the Dragonthrone? Was it a clone? An illusion? A spell?
No—he flapped his wings and rolled out of the way of Rhisveri. Then, as the disbelieving Wyrm turned to catch him—Teriarch sped up.
“Impossible.”
When you said things like that—you knew you were in trouble. Rhisveri lunged, striking across five hundred feet in a second.
Teriarch was already twice that distance away and accelerating faster. Impossible! The Wyrm’s eyes bulged. How fast were his wings moving? They were flapping so fast that they looked like they were—
Not moving at all. Then Rhisveri felt the hot air. Then he saw—
