9.07
Page 5
Alcaz was warier after hearing this was the magical food, but Lyonette reassured him.
“Wyvern meat. We needed strong, magical meats, so it’s Wyvern tendon, some bone, Corusdeer venison—muscle—some clotted cream, gumtree bark—that’s an alchemical ingredient, but it’s very edible! Makes the soup thick. And Weaverspider Silk, some beets, and—”
Normen felt like she skipped over an odd ingredient in the middle of her list, but it tasted fine. Before he was even done scraping his bowl, he felt…lighter.
When he went back to the weights room, he lifted the same weights bar in the bench press so fast he nearly clocked Alcaz in the face. The two Brothers looked at each other—then began to destroy the records list on the gym wall.
Lyonette clapped her hands together in excitement and relief.
“It works! How do you feel?”
“As if I could put on more weight. This won’t wear off suddenly, will it, Miss Lyonette?”
“Erin thinks it’ll wear off in a few hours, and even then be gradual. Thirty minutes. But she’s not sure. Be careful—and, um, let me know if there are any side effects. Do you think this will sell?”
Normen and Alcaz exchanged a long look before nodding rapidly to Lyonette. And Normen thought, for a moment, that the inn was going to be very busy today.
 
——
 
It almost made him regret quitting the Brothers. Because this? This was unfair.
There were tonics. Potions. Even very rare tinctures that you could drink that would give you the talents of someone else.
But they were expensive. So expensive that even a huge organization like the Brothers had to account for a single usage. Even the Gentlemen Callers had to justify using some of the tools.
This? According to Lyonette, the Bulkup Bisque would be ‘pricey’, especially since she wanted a good markup on the magical ingredients. Alcaz had inquired as to the price.
“Six gold coins, four silver. She’s thinking of making it six even.”
Six weeks of regular pay for a person for one meal. No regular client could afford that. But Normen?
I would pay for this every single day of my life. Especially if I were sorting out other gangs. 
One bisque. One tasty bisque and he could go toe-to-toe with a Level 30 [Brute] and have the advantage. And Normen was almost upon that level himself, with his recent gains.
With this bisque…with Level 30…the Brother caught himself thinking that he could be an officer. He could replace Crimshaw and make a mark. He could do that—but then the inn began to warm up, and he remembered why he didn’t.
Because the little girl who bounded down the stairs was the girl Crimshaw had died to help protect. Because—when he thought about going back to his old life, Normen didn’t know if he wanted to keep washing blood off his hands.
“Normen! Alcaz! Lyonette!”
Erin appeared out of the [Garden of Sanctuary]’s door in the wall, and Normen didn’t jump this time, though his skin always crawled when she snuck up on him. He tipped his hat and stood with Alcaz.
“Miss Solstice. Would you be wanting anything in particular of us today?”
“Oh, no…have you had breakfast? Hey, did you try my bisque?”
“They did, and no side effects yet, Erin. Nor has it worn off for…one hour. Don’t advertise it yet—we’re watching for anything else. I could use a bunch of ingredients for your next experiments…I have a list. Perhaps you could get it, Ser Lormel?”
The Thronebearer hesitated. They were reluctant to abandon their charge, so Alcaz doffed his cap instantly.
“I could run down and let Miss Krshia’s assistant know about the list, Miss Lyonette.”
