9.07
Page 24
“What? We earn a tax! It’s implied we’re working together.”
“Yes…but what’s to stop Miss Solstice from recouping her losses by charging three gold coins per visitor? That would cut down on traffic nicely.”
Lyonette started breathing again as Lism put his back to the wall. He produced a quill like a sword and waved it back and forth.
“Teliv—get me our [Clerks]. And Krshia.”
They were squaring up for a battle for the ages. Erin glanced at Lyonette and whispered to the [Princess].
“…I really don’t want to be part of this. You handle the door, Lyonette.”
“Erin! You need to at least consider the inn’s finances! I’m managing it myself, but—”
—But the [Princess], despite acting as a manager for the inn’s affairs and finances, was not, in fact, good at high-level economics.
It was a realization that Mrsha had come to. She was trying to sneak up on Lism and plant a note on his back, but she had realized something of late.
Erin and Lyonette were sort of bad with money.
And it said a lot that a [Princess] of Calanfer was better than Erin. Lyonette at least counted the money coming in, but here was the thing—she was sort of, um, princess-like in how she regarded money.
In short, Lyonette’s funds went into a vault buried in the garden. The inn was the state or kingdom, and all proceeds went into the treasury. She then doled it out to vassals and could have really benefited from a [Chamberlain of the Coin].
Lyonette had been taught more to audit and make sure her council wasn’t mismanaging or embezzling funds, rather than how to use it. Erin? Erin just asked if there was enough to fund the newest project and thought that as long as more money went in than went out, everything was peachy.
Mrsha wasn’t exactly interested in numbers either, but she had been hanging out with Aunt Selys and Gire. And what she realized was that there was a difference between the two.
Gire hadn’t been able to meet with Moore, so Mrsha had just played with him that morning. Gire was, in fact, working out the Ekhtouch tribe’s affairs and delegating budgets of gold to various tribe members, ordering them to link up and managing purchases of healing potions across the continent through proxies.
Selys also got mad when Mrsha messed with her paperwork. She had [Clerks], budgets, and income reports.
Actually, she hadn’t been able to take Mrsha in that morning either to avoid her watching Lyonette’s showdown with Lism. She was with Kevin in the common room.
“Well? What does it look like?”
Pisces was hovering at their table and sniffing self-importantly now and then, but he was struggling to keep up. Kevin frowned at the numbers and the circled ones.
“…Yeah, you need double-bookkeeping.”
“What’s that?”
“Uh—something from home. This is way too confusing, but I think that’s on purpose. Whomever this guy is—he’s making some of the gold vanish.”
“Woman, and I knew it. I’m going to the Watch.”
Selys slapped the table. Kevin exhaled as Pisces nodded hesitantly. He squinted at the list of numbers.
“It is quite, ah, adeptly concealed. How did you identify the thefts, pray tell?”
“Aside from the fact that I felt like I was spending too much gold? I…found these ledgers open on my desk. I must have been looking into them. See how I circled each bad entry?”
“Nice.”
Selys rubbed at her head.
“Yes. Nice. I barely remember it, but I’ve had a lot of late nights—”
Mrsha sniffed the ledger. It smelled like a rat. Well, the entire embezzlement was also fishy, so she let that slide.
In that sense, rats were better with money than Erin and Lyonette. Mrsha tugged at Selys’ arm.
