9.07
Page 9
“With what? What’s there to go to?”
“What do you mean? Some want to settle, found a city. Fancy being a [Governor]? Pickaxes, shovels—there could be buried treasure, shipwrecks—anything out there! If you’ve got combat classes, this is the time to go. But we’d have to leave now to be on time.”
“Really? I—I don’t know about going alone.”
“Entire Guilds are sponsoring people to go. I hear there’s a five-gold bounty on anyone with the right classes in the Merchant’s Guild. Not just guilds; the Empire of Sands was saying that anyone over Level 20 should contact their representatives to meet for an expedition.”
Normen listened with half an ear. Here was something else that he wanted—would have done but for this inn.
New lands. Just…pack up and go. Even a Brother might find a new life as a guard on the road.
It called to him. But Normen thought of Crimshaw and sighed.
No. You didn’t abandon what you paid in blood for. The Humans were excited as they talked, and Normen thought they were [Laborers], cheap builders for Hexel’s plans.
In fact, some of them were interesting. Not interesting in hair or skin tone—you got all sorts. But one had too much hair, if that made sense, that gave the impression of perhaps Gnollish blood. Another, the one tempted by new lands, had a personal pickaxe that was clearly enchanted with a frosted tip. To…break ground? Or just keep yourself cool?
And there was a young woman with a hand made of stone? Crystal? Semi-see through, like quartz. She hurried past as Normen blinked at her.
“What a colorful mob.”
Ser Dalimont remarked. Erin sneezed as some of the stone dust filled the air. She kicked the wheels of her chair, annoyed. Everyone else was navigating around the laborers, but she had to wait rather than accidentally hit someone.
“Yeah. I guess the new lands are big. I hope if any of my friends go they talk to me. It’s a shame the door’s not that strong…it’s so far.”
“Do you have any plans with the new lands, Miss Solstice?”
Erin looked up at Normen and, to his vague surprise, shook her head.
“Nah. I mean, it’s exciting but…I’m an [Innkeeper]. Liscor’s my place. I can’t see myself going, and I’m no adventurer. If the Horns or anyone else goes, I hope they’ll be safe. All I can do is make food. Speaking of which, how was the Bulkup Bisque? Did you like the name? How strong are you?”
Normen flexed his hand.
“I still feel as strong as an ox, Miss Solstice. Well, not an ox, but it’s like—[Lesser Strength]? On top of [Lesser Strength], since I have the Skill. You’ll make a fortune.”
“Yeah, if only we could sell it abroad and store it, huh? But hey, the inn will have an actual menu no one can beat. I just wish…”
I wish I could get stronger that fast too. The [Innkeeper] tried to push herself up slightly and fell back into her chair. They got moving at last, and she stared into the distance. Normen tried to cheer her up.
“It’s a magnificent creation, Miss Solstice. The kind of thing that’d get every Brother in the inn—not least for the gym!”
“Hey, we could do that! Workout and bisque.”
“Are you…sure?”
Dalimont looked slightly askance as he watched the crowds, but Erin smiled at Normen’s confused face.
“They’re well-behaved, right, Normen? I’m not opposed. If you want, invite them in!”
And that was why he was here. Because of one of the few people who’d say that to a Brother. Normen simply touched his cap.
“I’m sure some fellow’d be here tonight if I can pop out, Miss Solstice. They’ll love your bisque—”
