9.07
Page 44
That made Erin smile. Normen too. Alcaz was nursing a cut lip with a drink of his own, and he had earned it. Normen…
“I think I’d best leave the guarding to the [Knights], Miss Erin. I’m no good here. You can count on me to throw a few drunks out, but I’m no Crimshaw.”
Erin looked up slowly.
“Crimshaw. I know him, don’t I? He…what happened to him? I don’t remember—”
The guilt in her eyes was almost a good thing. Normen shook his head, smiling despite himself.
“You couldn’t remember. He—was caught up when a bunch of idiots attacked the inn. After you got shot.”
“Oh. I’m sorry. Was he your friend?”
“Sort of. More like—a mentor. That’s how you get into the Brothers. Someone guarantees you’re the right sort, and you live up to that. Any big mistakes are on them, and they show you how things’re done. Crimshaw was mine. It’s why I wanted to stay. And a fat lot of good I’ve done.”
Normen stared at his hands. Erin patted him on the shoulder.
“It’s not your fault. Look at those [Knights]. They’ve got armor, and Lyonette thinks they’re all important ones since they went on the crusade against Fetohep. Which was a bad idea, because he has, like—super-spells he could blast you with.”
It was all true, but the Brother didn’t feel better.
“It’s kind of you to say, Miss Erin. I just wish I could be more’ve a help. Maybe I’ll do some work waiting tables.”
“No. You’re great. You can guard the inn and…”
Normen shook his head.
“I can’t make sure you’re safe, Miss Erin. I just can’t. You know it, I know it. I can’t even go through civilized roads and find whomever you’re looking for in Riverfarm.”
“Nanette? No, I get it…you’d want an escort.”
Normen smiled bleakly.
“If I was Wilovan or even Crimshaw, I’d do it. In a heartbeat. An adventure like that, a small one for a good thing? I just don’t want to—see what happens if I fail. I’d go down to help them Gnolls too, but four baby Crelers’d do me in. I’m afraid I’m not the good sort, Miss Erin. That lot is. I know you don’t want to impose, but they’re the real ones.”
He nodded at Ceria, being scolded by Yvlon. Ksmvr was tugging on her other ear gently, and Pisces was staring daggers at the two [Knights] from Ailendamus. Erin looked at Normen, and her sympathy turned to…
Anger? No, outrage. She grabbed his arm as he turned.
“Don’t say that. You went into a war after Mrsha for me, and you didn’t have to do that. You—Rasktooth, Infinitypear? Even Ulvama? You’re all heroes. All she’s got is a set of armor.”
She jabbed a finger at Thuile, who watched Erin warily. Erin stomped over to the edge of the ward spells.
“All you’ve got is some fancy, stupid armor! Yeah, you heard me!”
She waved her hands and sat back. Normen coughed.
“…She’s also better than me without armor, Miss Erin.”
“Oh. Well—she’s got fancy training! If you had those things, you’d, uh, be at least as good as she is! Twice as good!”
Normen considered this might actually be true. But so what? Erin just stared at the [Knights.]
“Rabbiteater’s the Goblin Slayer of Izril. Ser Solstice…the Order of the Solstice. That’s—nice.”
She rested a chin on her hand, looking thoughtful.
“Nevermind that he’s in trouble. Look at him. My [Champion]. And they don’t even know he’s a Goblin. I wonder if he wants to come back to Izril? I want to help him—if he needs help. Nah, I just want to hug him.”
She looked proud. Proud and thoughtful. Erin glanced at Normen. Then she stared ahead thoughtfully.
“…I’ve been a bit embarrassing today, Normen.”
“It’s all company at the bar today, Miss Solstice. I haven’t done well myself.”
