9.07
Page 32
He realized Mrsha had laid out a small business problem, and he thought of the door’s mana consumption problem as a numbers game. Not so much in terms of how to fix it, but deal with an unchangeable variable. Yelroan wrote back.
 
Dear Mrsha,
I am well. Plain’s Eye, or what we now are, is stable. The Gnolls are still mostly in shock, and we help out. Mostly, another tribe like Silverfang says it needs burial detail or asks for our artisans, and we work.
I’m still at my old job, to help pay for costs, mostly. Merish—I hope you don’t think too poorly of him—is keeping everything together. He thinks it will be a tough winter and is saving up. A lot of the subtribes fled, and we gave a lot of our goods and gold to the other tribes when they left. So you could say we’re now the poorest tribe in the world, but I’ve seen Greenpaw’s income.
I don’t know what’s coming next, but you gave me a simple problem. You’re going to have to get a deal with each city you connect the door to. Count each person who goes where—and they subsidize the costs. That means, if the actual cost of the door sending someone is twenty silver, but you only get paid ten, or six after taxes, they need to guarantee fourteen for the inn. More if you want a profit.
I can work out the average costs if you have data from Liscor. It’s not pleasant, but your only other alternative is raising prices to lower demand.
Frankly, I think Invrisil and Pallass will agree to terms. Their leaders will negotiate. Reach out to both of their offices. You want to go to the 6th Floor in Pallass and lodge an appointment with their Civic Management secretary. Entry or passports might help, but they mostly report to the Watch Captain, and this will need higher authority.
I don’t know who to go to in Invrisil, but try the [Governor]’s headquarters. If neither one pays attention to you, inform them the door is closed until you can come to a speedy agreement. 
I have sample contracts I can send you the wording on, but any Merchant’s Guild can probably do the same. Have Liscor’s send you a representative as a witness and get a Magical Contract, Tamperless-subtype. That’s very important. Then pay to send one copy to the care of Oteslia, and another to First Landing.
What that does is it means you have a witnessed, legal document proving the contract, so that if either city tries to not pay you or get out of it, you have a copy in two major cities they can’t change. Liscor will have one as well. 
That’s how to do subsidies, and if you can expand the door’s mana capacity or—I don’t actually understand what you meant when you said it runs on grass—you can obviously change the deal, but it’s not a bad idea to be paid by each city. Remember, you have a monopoly on the door.
…Do you have it secured? Also, frankly, if you’re going to be sending hundreds through the door each day, I’d be worried about bathrooms, lines, etcetera. It might be good to connect this door outside of your inn so you don’t worry about thieves or people to move through it. However Liscor did it? Ask them if you can hire the people who made it work last time. Also—
 
Yelroan dipped his quill into the inkwell and realized he was running out of space to reply. He had written all this automatically. Obviously, he was thinking, but this was sort of second-nature. Not that he’d ever seen magical doors being installed in a city, but even if he wasn’t in charge of this, you had to know this in his role which often went to more than math.
Idly, he gave the paper to the Gnoll to send back.
“I’ve got more. Are they still there?”
