9.07
Page 8
The [Innkeeper]’s glower made Normen decide to stand outside while she and Grimalkin argued. Privately—he felt like the Sinew Magus had a point.
Then again, Erin’s point was how hard it was. She could not walk—and he saw how frustrated she got at what she had been able to do every single day of her life up till now. It was frustration, not a lack of effort, he thought.
The other problem was that Erin Solstice had an aura and the ability to create fire. The fire of frustration burnt low and weakly at first—but it had nearly started a larger blaze in Pemai’s shop twice already when Erin accidentally created it. It was rust-brown, like an annoying stain or inelegant splotch, and Normen had gotten annoyed just stamping it out the two times it had appeared.
“That Grimalkin. He’s so preachy. Just because he…has giant muscles. I’m working hard! It’s not fun doing this stuff. I could do it twice a day. I guess. You know what he lacks? Bedside manner.”
Erin was in a bad mood after leaving the shop. However, the Sinew Magus had apparently gotten to her. Possibly not a diplomatic win, but a win nonetheless for the Drake.
The danger was always in pushing too hard. Too little empathy. Normen tipped his hat as he pointed towards Shivertail Plaza.
“To see about the door, Miss Erin?”
“Nah. I’m mad, and Lism hates me. Lyonette calls me in as backup if she doesn’t get the door. Then—bam! Wheelchair to the knees! Let’s head back to the inn. I’d say I want to tour the city and see what’s new—but I’ll do it on my own two feet.”
The [Innkeeper] was unhappy, and Normen nodded. He had seen the new parts of Liscor, but a lot was still under construction. It wasn’t all paved, so Erin would have trouble with stairs or rocky parts. Or crowds.
It was just an imposition to be in a wheelchair when it was such a rarity in Liscor. Often, Normen had to slow, and Erin had asked Ser Dalimont not to clear people in her way.
Although…as they had to wait for another throng of people, Normen thought privately that this was a case where the Thronebearer should do when she said don’t.
He was learning his employer. And she was learning about him.
“How’s it going, Normen? Do you like the inn? Want to go back to, um, being a Brother?”
“Not at all, Miss Erin.”
The young woman sighed and relaxed a bit. A gaggle of Humans were passing across the road, not yet used to Liscor’s traffic, hence the holdup. They got some glares, but Liscor’s citizens were not outright hostile.
“That’s good. Ishkr has you helping, right? We’ve got new Antinium, but we’re going to need to train them, so I appreciate it.”
“It’s all quite pleasant, Miss Solstice. We’re by way of being more security, but it’s simple enough to haul some water up or move some chairs or bags from the basement. Mind you—I haven’t had to throw anyone out on their head yet.”
“Oh, like a [Bouncer]? Um…yeah, that’s good too! Wow, Liscor is busy, isn’t it?”
It was, with more species than any city other than Invrisil. And even in Invrisil or Pallass—Normen had noticed it was one species who held sway. Liscor was rapidly becoming a three-way tie of Drakes, Gnolls, and Humans.
But not all of them would stay. Some were visitors from other cities. And some?
Liscor had been the place for Silverfang Gnolls and Cellidel’s Gnolls to come to. However—it seemed many of the Humans flooding into the city might not stay for Liscor’s growth. All three waiting pedestrians heard a swirl of conversation.
“—heading to the New Lands. I hear some people are just grabbing enough food for a month, a bag of holding and supplies, and going.”
