9.07
Page 47
“Then why is my truth spell only flickering, Dame Thuile? I agree, this is all very unusual. Miss Erin Solstice, I am no…Thronebearer of Calanfer. I do not know knightly customs, but even I am aware that a Knight-Order requires at least a hundred [Knights] of pre-existing class to be convened. Moreover, even if you try to create a Knight Order, Ser Solstice still lied, albeit in a minor way, when he claimed to be part of a Knight-Order.”
Erin Solstice’s smile was bland. As bland as Crimshaw who bought a drink for a fellow a few minutes before he shoved the glass pieces up the other fellow’s nose. The [Knights] saw her look around, and then the air changed.
“That’s what you think, is it, Ser Lotorghast? My, my. I guess you guys really aren’t old enough to remember the rules.”
Her eyes flickered, and they were suddenly—uncannily—sharp. Precise, as if she was zeroed-in on a target. As if she knew…
Everything.
The [Knights] hesitated. Erin Solstice looked up at the ceiling and then spoke, reciting something from memory.
“Regarding the issue of Ser Solstice representing himself as part of a Knight-Order—he did not lie. He was a [Knight] because he was a [Knight]. And he got to claim being ‘Ser Solstice’ and call his Order that because he was declaring his Intention of Familiarity to form a Knightly Order.”
“How do you know about the—”
The Clairei Knight started. Lyonette’s jaw dropped along with half of the inn’s, but Erin held up a hand.
“All of this is correct and fair under the codes of chivalrous statements.”
The four [Knights] had not come prepared for a showdown in knightly-culture. They turned to Ser Solton, and the Haggle-Knight hesitated, searching his own memory.
“True…but that would require at least one other [Knight] having expressed interest in the same causes. Intention of Familiarity implies multiple [Knights], at least two, wishing to create an Order.”
Erin raised one finger.
“There was another.”
“Oh, come now. Who? Ylawes Byres was never—”
The Clairei Knight fell silent. Lyonette looked up suddenly. There was only one person she could think of. And Erin—
She wouldn’t forget. Mrsha stopped trying to glue Thuile’s feet to the floor with a paste Octavia had given her. She looked up, and her eyes shone. Erin spoke slowly.
“Brunkr Silverfang was knighted at this very inn. He was the first Silverfang [Knight] in living memory. He wished to join a Knight-Order and was denied by the ones he applied to in the north. He is, posthumously, the first [Knight] of Solstice.”
Every Gnoll in the inn turned to Erin. She looked around, and a few figures tried to hide the scrying orb.
Terandrian Events, a live broadcast on their channel, saw the [Innkeeper] staring straight at them.
“Be sure to write this down. I, Erin Solstice, am formally declaring the Intent Valoris to form a Knight Order. It was already declared by two [Knights], and it will be formally recognized when enough members have declared their intention to be recognized as part of the order.”
“Two out of a hundred?”
Dame Thuile spluttered. Erin shot back.
“No. Two out of five. Only five members are needed.”
“Ridiculous! A hundred is—”
“Terandrian law. I am declaring the Order of Solstice a crusade-chapter. Based in Chandrar, but we’ll move it to Izril. One of its members is already on Terandria, and the others will not stay at a headquarters.”
Dame Thuile just looked at Erin. She didn’t even know what that meant, and even Ser Solton was confused. Then Ser Sest gasped.
“Eternal Throne! That’s what she means! She’s invoking the Order via crusade law!”
“Crusade law…?”
