9.07
Page 45
Normen saw Erin’s lips quirk, but then she shook her head.
“I hate doing things like this. Really—I do. It’s so—uncertain. D’you know why I like chess? Chess has a lot of variables, and you have to think ahead. But no one dies if I mess up a chess game. It’s all just pride and scores. That’s okay. This?”
She looked morosely at him.
“…If I’d have known the Horns would go into the Village of the Dead for me, I’d—I wouldn’t have lived with myself if they died. I don’t want to get you killed or ask someone to die for me. Even if it’s people I don’t know via Niers.”
Normen looked around. He spotted a Drake sitting at a table with one gemstone eye flashing. Chaldion might have been trying to read their lips, but Palt had been running interference, and the Drake looked annoyed.
Possibly hurt by Erin’s comments this evening. The [Innkeeper] sighed, and Normen tipped his hat.
“It’s a decision we can all make. Myself, Alcaz—we’re ready for the call. Not eager, but if it’s the right reason, it’s why Crimshaw stayed. He could have run. He knew how to get out of any scrape, but he didn’t. Sometimes, Miss Erin. Things are worth putting down your hat for.”
Erin’s eyes shimmered as she met Normen’s gaze. She wiped her eyes.
“You—and that’s what they told me. They told me, when I didn’t want to do this. Yep. Even if I don’t want it—you’ll all do it yourselves. I’ve got crazy adventurers, and I’m going to get into trouble.”
“Who said what?”
The [Innkeeper] found a handkerchief and blew her nose.
“Oh—ghosts. Alright. I guess—I’ve got to do this.”
She stood up and glanced at Normen. He shifted uneasily, because Erin’s eyes looked straight at him.
She didn’t see a man in a hat. Nor a Brother. He had the feeling she was looking straight at him and seeing something even he couldn’t in a mirror. It was unnerving and intoxicating. Why he wanted to be here.
Because she saw something more than a criminal on the streets. The Gentlemen Callers, the Brothers…Erin whispered.
“Normen. I have an idea. Stick by me, would you? You don’t have to agree, but hear me out?”
His hat was on the table. Normen put it on and adjusted it.
“Always. What am I doing?”
Erin Solstice looked around, and her eyes alit on someone as the [Knights] waited for her. She pointed, and the figure rose uncertainly.
“First? Get me Ser Lormel.”
 
——
 
It was safe to say this was probably being broadcast, recorded, or watched in some way. The inn had guests, from Menolit to newcomers, and the [Knights] would report home. Even if Wistram News Network were not in this room—this would be news.
Moreover, it was also safe to assume that the inquiry from the four [Knights] was hostile to Rabbiteater in some way. Ser Solton and the Clairei Fields representative were more neutral parties, but two from Ailendamus?
If the Order of Solstice did not, in fact, exist, or if it were scandalous, it could reflect poorly on the Goblin Slayer abroad. At the very least, it was knightly-politics.
Knight-Captain Lotorghast didn’t even pretend, to his credit.
“A new Order of [Knights] is no light thing, Miss Solstice, hence our concern. Even new orders, like the Knights of the Petal in service to House Walchaís, required substantial representation, as well as the credentials of the esteemed [Chevalier]. One cannot claim representation in an unofficial order.”
“But Ser Solstice is a [Knight]. I don’t see the problem.”
Erin pointed out reasonably. Lotorghast nodded.
