9.07
Page 21
Normen didn’t know how the [Servers] enjoyed that kind of life. He wiped his mouth, stood up, and sidled over to the garden. Mostly because a certain little Gnoll girl, who’d made Moore promise to come back tomorrow morning, was creeping in after Erin.
“Mrsha? It’s bedtime. Mrsha…”
Normen saw Mrsha turn, notice him, then hop through the door. He grabbed for her and missed.
“Come on, Miss Mrsha. A poor fellow—or girl—keeps a lady waiting.”
He whispered as he chased her around the outskirts of the [Garden of Sanctuary]. The new plants were growing nicely, although Normen wasn’t much of a plant person. Mrsha clearly wanted to run around some more, and the Brother obliged her.
They were quiet enough or Erin was preoccupied enough that she didn’t notice them slipping in behind her. She stood amidst the Faerie Flowers and Sage’s Grass at the top of the hill. Mrsha was wiggling in Normen’s grip, and he was sneaking back to deliver her to Lyonette when he heard Erin speaking.
“Whew, Numbtongue and Octavia? Who would have predicted that? I mean—it makes sense. But wow.”
Mrsha stopped wiggling, and she and Normen exchanged a look. The Brother blinked. So Erin wasn’t oblivious? And yet, he was almost completely certain the bisque hadn’t occurred to her without his suggesting it.
Erin folded her arms. She stood there for a few seconds, nodding, then shaking her head.
“I’m…I’m not having the talk! Octavia probably knows everything. Yeah. Alright, and Ryoka’s alive. That’s good. I guess I’ll find out what the heck she was doing later. How long does it take to sail from Terandria to Izril? Mysteries.”
She was talking to herself. Hyping herself up? Despite himself, Normen was a Brother of Serendipitous Meetings, and anyone on the street loved a secret. Mrsha was just a nosy girl. They listened, tip-toeing to the door when Erin spoke.
“Alright. Okay. Alright, okay.”
She took a few breaths and then let go of the wheelchair and thrust one hand into the sky as she planted her feet a shoulder’s width apart. Erin stayed like that—then she grabbed the wheelchair and shook her head.
“Nah. What about—”
She pointed forwards dramatically. Then she tried to copy Pisces’ thumbs-up pose. Mrsha was giggling so hard that Normen had to cover her mouth. Erin gave up in the end and just clenched a fist.
“Here goes nothing. <Post: Heroic Quest>!”
Both Gnoll and Brother stopped smiling. They stared up as Erin raised her hand.
“Heroic Quest: Zeladona’s Trial of a Thousand Blades! Receive the [Walk of the Swordmaster] Skill! A thousand people must participate! Survival not guaranteed! Reward—the Skill. Posted rewards—um—wait.”
A charge flickered in the air. Just like the first time, Normen felt something wanting to set his hair on end, but unlike when Erin had nailed the quest to the Adventurer’s Guild—it wasn’t quite working. The [Innkeeper] leaned on her wheelchair.
“Darn. I’m missing something. It’s not the conditions…it’s the reward? I know how it works, but I can’t give out the—huh. Damn.”
She sighed. Mrsha and Normen exchanged a look of silent awe. Then, Erin Solstice closed her eyes. She took a breath—and the [Garden of Sanctuary] went very, very quiet. Normen felt his arms tremble, and Mrsha stopped breathing.
“<Post: Legendary Quest>.”
Erin’s words hung in the air, as if you could almost see the letters hanging there. She spoke slowly, and Normen felt like each word was trying to insert themselves into his head.
“Legendary Quest: Destroy Rosh—”
She hesitated. Normen was about to shout at her. Don’t. Don’t post that quest.
