9.07
Page 30
“I am not giving Plain’s Eye ingots to forge metal. Ask Feshi for some or what the other tribes make. I’m entirely aware of how poor your tribe is and how dire this coming winter is.”
The Golden Gnoll’s own brilliant fur gleamed in the light. Merish waited, but Qwera was done. She turned away and shouted.
“Ysara! Are you done packing or are you going to dally here until your precious little sister appears on Baleros fighting Hydras?”
“I’m ready to go! She’s not doing that, is she?”
Ysara Byres was packing her single wagon. Qwera rolled her eyes.
“Not yet. Let’s say our farewells. Merish—”
She looked back at the Doomslayer with little love. Merish looked so tired as Yelroan approached, but Qwera gave him a single nod.
“You don’t have to keep being Plain’s Eye. Maybe it would be better if they did disband.”
“Even if they wanted to join other tribes and forget—we are white Gnolls. Someone must atone for what we’ve done.”
The Golden Gnoll glanced at Yelroan and then spat to one side.
“A shame you’re all wearing white fur now. But at least it’ll make the others less of a target if some idiots start all this again. Yelroan, are you really staying here?”
“For the moment, Miss Qwera.”
Yelroan raised a paw and nearly dropped an inkwell. Merish caught it, and Qwera sighed.
“My offer stands. I could always use someone with a head for numbers. Alright then. Off to Liscor or wherever! And about time, too. Tesy’s already raising hell in Oteslia.”
Tesy and Vetn were gone. Qwera and Ysara were moving out. A lot of Gnolls were going—but the remnants were still here, trying to figure out what to do. Merish turned to Yelroan.
“Ink?”
“I’m out. It’s nice to have Satar around. No steel for Plain’s Eye?”
“We don’t need weapons. We need—tools. And arrowheads. And any number of things. Few tribes can spare that even if they would trade with us. Did Ysara offer you a job as well?”
Yelroan shrugged self-consciously. He had always known he could quit his tribe and find a job anywhere from Rhir to a big city, but Merish hadn’t known that. Yelroan stuck with his tribe out of loyalty, not a need for work.
“I can always take her or anyone else up later. You need someone telling you how much you have. Are you still planning on a city?”
Merish rumbled in his chest as they walked out of the camp, back to their ragged mess.
“Yes. Most of the warriors are dead—even if all the other subtribes agree to rejoin us, we will need walls. In case of…anger.”
Reprisals. Not to mention Drake armies. Merish gestured vaguely to the west.
“Feshi has marked a spot westwards. We’ll set out soon enough.”
“Generous of her. We get to build a city or town right in Manus’ path if they come calling. Do you really think you can quarry enough stone in…”
Yelroan was no [Geomancer], but the flat Great Plains did not strike him as a good spot to build a city out of. Merish just shook his head.
“We cannot do what we’ve done. Plains Eye—no, whatever tribe we become, the white Gnolls here will need to survive the winter, first. And monsters, other tribes, Drakes—”
“Walls. Well, maybe some [Shamans] can raise the first walls out of dirt. I need to get back to work. Tell me if you need anything?”
Merish just nodded. Yelroan waited, and then he spoke.
“—You don’t need to be the one all the other tribes shout at. You…”
You killed Xherw. It made Merish less of an enemy to the other tribes, but more of a traitor to some of his people. Merish, though, just shook his head. He looked down, and Yelroan felt another chill on his fur.
