9.07
Page 7
“Yeah, I can’t figure it out. What would be a good theme song for Octavia? Something mad-science-y? This is why you’re the professional. Good luck!”
She smiled at Numbtongue. He blinked, and Ulvama, scratching her side as she headed into the kitchen for breakfast, turned back to stare incredulously at Erin. Was she real?
Well, that was a fascinating moment that only Erin missed. She let Normen help wheel her into the city, past the guards who gave him a longer look than Ser Dalimont, and they were down three streets when she spoke up.
“Wait a minute. I thought Octavia didn’t work this day of the week.”
Ser Dalimont’s face was amazingly straight as he opened the door to the [Healer]’s shop.
 
——
 
The [Healer] was a Drake. A middle-aged woman with a light-brownish scale coloration and the kind of gentle goodness that Normen was ashamed to be around. The kind that could turn to firmness when need be.
She kept Erin from telling too many jokes and had her stretching, standing using support, and working on her arms as well as her legs. She let Erin rest, offered her some tea for a break, and made the long road to recovery a pleasant one.
Sinew Magus Grimalkin was not so encouraging. After thirty minutes, Erin wiped some sweat from her brow, and the huge Drake, who had been silently observing today, spoke up.
“Insufficient.”
Normen winced as Erin Solstice looked up.
“What’s that, Grimalkin?”
“You can work harder. I was wondering how your progress was going, and if that’s the amount of effort you’re willing to put in, you won’t be seeing much progress.”
“Sinew Magus, we have discussed this.”
The exasperated Healer, Pemai, narrowed her eyes, but the Sinew Magus was unmoved. Erin pointed to her slightly sweaty hand.
“Hey! I worked out! I sweated! Isn’t this what you want with your…sweaty gym stuff?”
Grimalkin gave Erin’s hand a look as dismissive as if she’d just dunked it in a bucket of water.
“You can push yourself harder. I am not telling you to injure yourself—before you speak, Healer Pemai. I often have to mitigate excessive training off-duty for the soldiers I’ve reconditioned. But there is a difference between the bare minimum and pushing yourself.”
“I worked hard!”
Erin was outraged. Normen had seen her arms shaking as she walked back and forth, but he was silent because he felt like he knew what Grimalkin was going to say. And it was Normen’s attitude in the weights-room compared to, say, Mrsha’s.
“I know you can work harder. Do you know why?”
The Drake waited and then spoke as the [Innkeeper] glared.
“You did not, once, have to take a rest from any exercises you did. Growth is about pushing your boundaries.”
“Well, I don’t wanna grow and get super-muscles. I just want to walk.”
The [Sinew Magus] sighed.
“And walking is beyond you at the moment. By all means, continue Healer Pemai’s plan, but I cannot calculate how much slower your recovery will be. Push yourself, Erin Solstice. I know you can.”
Erin turned to Pemai, and the [Healer] briskly tidied up her cups.
“I find, Sinew Magus, that motivating my clients in the rare cases they need help is just as important as their effort. This is a long, difficult process.”
Erin nodded rapidly. Grimalkin’s response was curt.
“I do not motivate my apprentices nor those I work with. If Miss Solstice wants to walk—she will do what it takes. Consider repeating the exercises, Erin. Twice more per day.”
“I can’t just come back and bother Pemai.”
“I’m happy to offer more exercises you can do wherever you are.”
