9.07
Page 34
Sorry. For the door—if you’re not doing this already, do a schedule. One big transit per day or break them up if you have to. It will cut down on the inn’s guests too, and can’t you offer them food and drinks while they wait? I’m no [Innkeeper], but I bet this is all obvious. Just writing at random, sorry.
 
——
 
Erin Solstice was reading over Mrsha’s shoulder. So was Ser Lormel and even Normen, although Alcaz was glancing around.
“Whoa. This is such good advice! Who is this guy?”
Mrsha was beaming—right until that last part came in. Then her ears drooped. Erin bit her tongue as Yelroan’s emotions came spilling out onto the page.
“Oh no. That’s terrible. I didn’t know there was such trouble. Are they…this is the bad tribe, right?”
Mrsha nodded emphatically with a huge scowl. Erin tried again.
“But there are innocent kids and people? They’re not all bad.”
“They’re all bad! Except for Merish and Yelroan!”
Mrsha held up a furious sign. Then she amended it.
“Except for babies, maybe. But most are bad!”
“So how many babies are in the tribe? What’s Plain’s Eye?”
Ser Lormel coughed into one gauntlet.
“The…largest tribe in the world? Hundreds of thousands, perhaps more spread out in various sub-tribes? Millions?”
“How many babies is that?”
Mrsha’s face fell as Erin tried to work that out. The young woman felt her stomach clench.
“If only we could send them, like—help. Not a care package, but something like what Liscor gave to Esthelm. But they’re way too far south, right?”
Far too far from the door. And besides—Ser Lormel pointed out the obvious again.
“I believe Plain’s Eye could fill up Liscor to the brim. This is only one group, Miss Solstice. If a large one.”
“Maybe you could post a quest, Miss Solstice? Something to help them if they run into a monster? Or…send something?”
Mrsha raised her head.
“I can send my allowance to Yelroan! To help babies. Only babies. Erin, give him your boon!”
“My boon? I was gonna give that to Rabbiteater…hey, I haven’t booned anyone yet. Maybe. Although I’ve never met Yelroan…I don’t think I can boon anyone I haven’t met. I wonder if Ilvriss could help?”
And like that, Erin’s mind was racing. Didn’t Wil say that Feshi was a friend of theirs? Maybe—
“Salazsar is currently at war with Fissival. Sort of a tall ask if you want my opinion.”
Erin looked over and saw Menolit was still in line.
“Menolit! They are? I mean, I remember that. Sort of. What are you doing here?”
The Drake looked self-important.
“Organizing visitors for Liscor Hunted. I’ve got some clients who want to bag a Rock Crab.”
Erin rubbed her hands together. Yeah, yeah. Didn’t she know Ilvriss? And there was some Centaur that was also there—
She had lots of friends. Whom she could ask to help her do things. Like…protect and shelter and feed a few hundred thousand Gnolls.
Erin hesitated.
“Even Ilvriss isn’t gonna be happy with that one. I’d better think of some good incentives. Like a quest. I’ve got two. If I can figure out the big, big one. Or I, uh, bake him some muffins? Say, buddy, is Laken talking to me yet?”
The Drake [Mage] looked up with a sigh.
“No, Miss Solstice. The Mage’s Guild or whoever is over there is reviewing our request. But they get a lot of [Messages]…please check back tomorrow. It might take a while to reach someone in authority given our channels. Again, this is unfortunate—”
“Aw, come on! Wait, Griffon Hunt is there and Typhenous is here! I’ll just ask him! Duh! Why didn’t I think of it?”
Erin slapped her forehead. The [Mage] glowered as Erin turned to the others.
