9.07
Page 10
Though they might need to take it to-go to avoid bringing trouble on her inn. But it might save his fellows’ lives. Normen smiled ruefully at Erin.
“It’s a crying shame that an [Innkeeper] can’t eat her own creations, eh? Like a [Chef] can’t enjoy their own meals.”
Erin nodded ruefully, then frowned.
“Well, yeah—I mean, Imani does like what she makes. So I don’t know if that analogy holds.”
“I meant, magically.”
“Oh! Well, Imani doesn’t do magic, but Palt gets high on his stuff. You meant me? I can totally eat what I make! It’s just that I don’t because I, uh, made horrible stuff. But if I—”
Erin’s mouth kept working as she suddenly realized what Normen had assumed. She slowly stared up at him, and he decided that it really wasn’t an act. Genius she might be—
But she really didn’t consider some things.
 
——
 
“Erin. What are you doing?”
Erin Solstice stuck a spoon in her bisque. Lyonette had been amazed when Normen rushed her back into the inn. In fact—Erin had demanded they return so fast that Grimalkin hadn’t finished updating his charts in the weights room.
He came out, saw her about to eat the bisque, and pointed a claw at her.
“I wouldn’t eat that, Miss Solstice. Remarkable effect. Would you consider selling the recipe to Pallass if we can replicate it?”
“What do you think, Grimalkin? And why can’t I eat it?”
“Because it’s a shortcut. We just spoke about effort?”
Erin eyed the bisque.
“Yeah, well—I don’t even know if it’ll work. And if it does, wouldn’t that be a great workout?”
Grimalkin made a disgusted noise as he watched Erin take a huge bite of food. The [Innkeeper] chewed timidly, then brightened up.
“Hey, it is as good as I thought! And you can’t even taste the spiderweb!”
Mrsha, about to sneak a bite, took a sniff of the bisque and decided to pass. She ran over to Grimalkin and began to pose in front of him. The Sinew Magus looked down.
“…What are you doing?”
Check out my gains, bruh. She made one arm and then flexed. Grimalkin hesitated. He patted Mrsha on the head.
“Very…impressive. Excuse me.”
He tried to get around her, but Mrsha raced after him. Okay, not impressed with that? She wrote and handed him a card. Exasperated—he was busy—the Sinew Magus took it, then hesitated.
“How is…Ferkr? Quite well. She’s leading some Gnolls back to Pallass, but my understanding is that she may be a permanent liaison to the tribes. A credit to her city.”
And to him, but he looked unhappy for some reason as he said it. Mrsha excitedly wrote, and Grimalkin peered over her shoulder.
“Is…she…yes, she’s contacted most of the tribes who remained on Izril. They appear to be—recovering. Not all the Gnolls were at the Meeting of Tribes, and the ones who avoided the fighting before the battle there have linked up with their people unmolested. I will inform Ferkr you mentioned her. What’s this?”
Mrsha handed Grimalkin a card with a smile. For a special friend? Grimalkin eyed the blank autograph card.
“…No.”
He flicked it back, and Mrsha caught it. But she wanted to brag to her friends! Then she heard an exclamation from the common room and whirled around. Grimalkin paused, then sighed. He walked back, and when Mrsha raced into the room, she stopped.
Erin was on her feet. The [Innkeeper] wobbled a bit—then slowly raised her head and took a few steps forward. She nearly fell, but caught herself as half a dozen hands reached out. She walked around—then did a little jump. It was still harder, but she walked—then she ran a few steps.
“I can walk!”
