9.07
Page 33
“Looks like it.”
“Alright, give me five minutes.”
Yelroan sat down and kept writing.
 
—security is an issue. Someone has to manage the lines, make sure no one cuts ahead or does anything like that.
I think you need to consider asking Liscor to just manage the door. Also, raise the prices. It will reduce the number of people travelling, which I know Liscor doesn’t want, but the needs of the inn are not that of a city. A hundred travellers from Pallass? Forty [Mages] to recharge one door? It’s also risky to have it connected to an army. This could really entangle the inn, Mrsha.
I’m not telling you how to do this, but bear it in mind. Oh, and you also need to make a deal with the Merchant’s Guild regarding transporting goods. You need to take a cut, but cities have import and export taxes as well as contraband.
The Merchant’s Guild will use your door to transport illicit goods and pretend they had no idea it was wrong and leave you in trouble. [Smugglers] will go through the door too—this is why Liscor and each city needs to organize it. Is there a checkpoint?
 
He handed the second piece of paper off and went to find a sample contract. After less than a minute, he got a response back.
 
This is too much work! 
:( 
Stop telling me to do things! Erin’s going to throw up all over. Pallass has a checkpoint thing with a really mean Drake! 
 
Yelroan almost smiled. He wrote back quickly, passing the contract over—the Gnoll sighed, but began to copy some of the wording so Mrsha could see. He was glad this was being paid for by her. Normally, he didn’t care, but this was now…
The Gnoll stared at the parchment, and his quill began to move faster.
 
I’m sorry, Mrsha. This is what happens when you have an object that everyone wants. You need to think about the future. Pallass would have an organized checkpoint, and the other cities should probably copy that. So should you.
I know it’s hard—you don’t have to do any of this. This is if you want this to be a civic, public door. Otherwise, just restrict access, make it exclusive, and put all these things in place on a smaller scale. It means only rich people will be able to use it, but it’s easier on you.
Change isn’t easy. It can be a good way to make money—you just need to ensure all your deals are fair, and the Merchant’s Guild can do that. You have a magic door.
I wish we did. Merish is going to lead our people westwards. Build something to keep us from starving in the winter or being attacked. It’s going to be difficult. I’m staying with him—I may remain with the other tribes, though, because I can make money here and I’m useless in a fight.
Every gold coin is going to count. Even the journey could end up with a…a lot of people dead. One big monster attack and there are a fraction of the warriors we used to have.
I know it’s necessary. No one trusts Plain’s Eye, and they shouldn’t. But the kids didn’t hunt Doombringers. Doombearers, like you. Some tribes are taking a few Gnolls on, but the white fur is risky.
I saw a zombie rise out of all the dead in the Meeting of Tribes. Then it fell backwards into a pit, and a Crypt Lord emerged. Spontaneously. Then it collapsed into two more, and whatever appeared took every Gnoll over Level 30 to fight. Lehra herself had to slay it.
That’s…bad luck. Once we’re away from the other tribes, more events like that could happen. No one can control their powers here. And the other tribes don’t want us around. 
 
He stared at the paper, then realized he was off-topic. Yelroan almost went to tear it up, but he couldn’t. He was writing what he wasn’t saying.
 
