9.07
Page 27
The [Innkeeper] stared down at Mrsha’s beaming face. She liked her writing—Fetohep refused to reply if she wrote like this, though. He said it was ‘odious for a child to write so’.
Erin’s face fell as she remembered the tribe of doom-slaying Gnolls…that Mrsha had told her about. She had only stories, not lived it, but Mrsha still had friends abroad.
“The Meeting of Tribes. I always wanted to see it. Now…how are things?”
Mrsha sighed, which was answer enough. She shook her head and began to write. Meanwhile, a [Message] skipped around the world to a certain [Mathematician].
How were the Meeting of Tribes, the surviving Gnolls, doing? More importantly, now Erin and Mrsha wondered it—
What had happened to Plain’s Eye?
 
——
 
Yelroan was working when Mrsha’s [Message] found him. Unlike Fetohep of Khelt, he was not managing the affairs of his tribe.
Not anymore. Feshi had him doing his work for the other tribes at the Meeting of Tribes, taking lists of names and seeing who was dead and what was left.
But that was not the only thing the blonde-furred Gnoll was working on. He was the premier [Mathematician] of Izril.
Alright—the only one. So there were institutions aware of him. The Merchant’s Guild, for instance, hired him for the same thing Haldagaz had done for Selys.
Checking their numbers. Yelroan could, for instance, actually visualize numbers. It helped him spot trends and irregularities, but part of a [Mathematician]’s class were Skills that anyone could value.
“[Data Discrepancy]. Let’s see…it might just be a mistake in the ledgers.”
Yelroan’s quill circled an entry in red ink. He supposed a lesser [Clerk] might have this Skill, but he could tell almost at once this was probably only a bookkeeping error by an apprentice, not a systematic pattern. He was going to advise the Merchant’s Guild in Pallass to stop trading via their northeastern roads in steel products.
They were just not profitable. He’d done a comparative—and it was worth more to sell south, even to Oteslia’s weaker market forces. Manus was better, and Liscor was untried, but if the door kept charging the same rates, they’d make a fortune.
Now, Yelroan saw this based on the data, but he was aware there were surprises. He wasn’t a [Merchant]; his job was to take data, infer some conclusions, but mostly, present the data back to the employer in digestible formats.
He’d done that all the time for the late Chieftain Xherw and other Chieftains, so Yelroan wrote a brief summary with all the discrepancies he’d found as he packed up the files. Then he included his breakdowns of profits in their trading routes and his recommendation.
“[Message] for the Merchant’s Guild in Pallass. Care of Guildmaster Toiese. Ask them what to do with my files—store, return, or burn?”
Yelroan had a system. The Gnoll who had the [Message] scroll was one he’d worked with. She was…well. She took the [Message] without a word. Her eyes lingered on Yelroan for a second too long. Then she got to work, sending the data.
Store, return, or burn was common practice. Either Yelroan kept the data for use later or a City Runner brought it back—an expensive, slightly dangerous option. Lastly? He could just erase the valuable records, since the Merchant’s Guild obviously had their copies.
Some idiots only kept one copy and sent them to him. Yelroan shuddered at the worst practices he’d seen. He nodded to the message-Gnoll and retreated to his office.
