9.07
Page 17
The world was still in a better place than it had been a month ago. Erin was walking, and it seemed like the celebration at the Adventurer’s Guild produced more good news still.
“Hey, everyone! Look who’s rich!”
The Horns returned to cheers from the inn, and Pisces woke up, came downstairs, and found they were rich. Again. Ceria high-fived Kevin, grabbed another mug, and kept up her noshing on food as she congratulated Erin on being able to walk.
More news came in as Jelaqua finally dragged in Moore along with Seborn and Ulinde. Erin was hugging Typhenous when she saw the half-Giant.
“Moore!”
Mrsha ran up to him instantly. The half-Giant entered the inn, looking…gaunt. He didn’t seem as cuddly and nice as before. It was as if the dangerous Moore, when he got mad, had stuck. Mrsha leapt up—and he held up a hand.
She stopped, circled around, and Moore nodded to her.
“Hello, Mrsha.”
He backed off to a table, and Erin Solstice saw the girl staring at Moore. She went to hug one leg and climb up, but Moore tried to shoo her off.
“Oh boy.”
Seborn gave Erin a significant look, and the [Innkeeper] nodded to him. The half-Giant didn’t smile, and he reluctantly let Mrsha sit on his lap and scribble a smiling face she held up.
“Moore! Where’s my big smile? Jelaqua, Seborn, Ulinde, whatdya want to eat? Ishkr, do we have enough servers?”
“Perhaps. The new Antinium are here, and Silveran has…appeared to help out.”
A certain Antinium Worker was helping serve dishes. He ducked behind one of the adventurers as Lyonette tried to chase him off.
“Silveran! You’re not working here!”
“I can if I want to.”
Erin turned to Moore. The half-Giant nodded at her.
“I’m glad to see you’re walking, Erin. Here. Mrsha, go play.”
He tried to hand Mrsha off, and she squirmed in his grip. Mrsha looked betrayed and hurt. Erin picked her up. It was still harder to walk and move than normal, but any mobility felt like wings. She hesitated—but the Halfseekers were so loudly saying nothing that they were shouting it at her.
“Moore! My favorite half-Giant! What’s wrong? You look…um. Serious. Mrsha’s been dying to see you!”
She held Mrsha out, and the little Gnoll nodded, but Moore just hunched over.
“I’ve—been staying away. I’m glad to see Mrsha, Erin. But I don’t think she should be climbing over me.”
“Oh, because you’re so dignified? Too good to let Mrsha steal your snacks?”
“I would never do that! Not to Moore! Just everyone else!”
Mrsha wrote emphatically. The half-Giant hesitated, then looked up. The [Bloodearth Mage] hesitated, and then it burst out of him much like it had Pisces.
“I’m—dangerous, Erin. Children shouldn’t be around me. My magic and Skills have changed.”
“Moore!”
Jelaqua half-rose, and he hunched his shoulders. Erin saw Seborn looking at her, and the [Innkeeper] hesitated.
—Instinct. Erin saw Moore lift a hand and then strode forwards. Even sitting, she had to hop and give Mrsha a toss. The little Gnoll girl yelped silently—and then landed on Moore’s head.
“Erin! Don’t throw Mrsha!”
Lyonette spun and shouted angrily, but Mrsha gave Erin a nod and then hugged Moore’s head.
“Mrsha, get off.”
He gently tried to pry her off, but stopped when she clung to his hair. Moore tried again, and Mrsha scampered onto his shoulder. He reached for her and saw the snot.
Mrsha’s eyes were running over with tears. So was her nose. She hugged him.
“Don’t you love me?”
She held a wet card. Moore hesitated.
“I do. But I’ve hurt people. Mrsha—after Erin—”
He looked at the [Innkeeper], and Erin grabbed his side. She hugged him fiercely.
