9.07
Page 52
Numbtongue stood next to Shorthilt and Headscratcher. Watching. If only there had been six Hobs. Six hundred.
A lifetime of regrets. A memorial. Erin stared at Numbtongue, and he nodded. For this moment might mean one less statue. They could only dream.
The voices, the people talking, all were a kind of background to the heart of a storm. A hurricane of gazes and desire and expectation, swirling around a calm void where the man knelt in the grass. Normen felt as though each second took an eternity and passed in a flash as he and Erin looked at each other.
An [Immortal Moment]. Enough so that the odd apron, her weak muscles, the entourage of a grinning Hob, a silly Gnoll girl with a bee on her head, and all the others felt grander.
Erin was burning. It was in the pupils of her eyes. Pink flame in one, and something else in the other.
Glory…and a second fire, slowly breathing itself into existence. Light green, like the open fields of the Great Plains. The endless horizon. But something else as well.
A Goblin’s smile. A figure in armor. The flash of green, holding a shield.
Flame like a Goblin’s honor. Burning bright. The [Innkeeper] spoke softly.
“Normen Callesn. I am no [Princess]. Nor am I royalty in any class.”
Lyonette started guiltily, but Erin went on without looking around.
“We don’t need such titles. Nor do [Knights] need a throne. They are traditionally associated with such things right now, but the old ways knew times when all that there was were memories. Shattered thrones. Dark skies and no kingdoms. A [Knight] is an idea. It is honor and duty and valor. It is a calling and a responsibility. In the ways of the oldest [Knights], I ask if you are willing to be a guardian of those in need. A protector of the small.”
Her smile was slight as she uttered a kind of heresy for the Terandrians. An idea for everyone else. Especially the Antinium and other peoples who watched.
The four [Knights] from farther lands could have objected here. Ruined the dignity of this moment. Protested with word, if not deed in this hallowed ground.
But they couldn’t. Not even Dame Thuile. They looked up—and the [Innkeeper] stood there, flanked by ghosts. No—the Hydra Knight’s eyes widened.
“Statues?”
They were different for each person. You saw only the ones you knew, most of the time. Some people saw nothing.
For a second, Thuile saw a gathering of figures upon that hill. Proud [Knights], their bodies stitched together, Garuda who flew through the skies. Even a Djinni with a helm.
Ghosts, in the company of an [Innkeeper]. Try as she might, Thuile could not make herself climb that hill and interrupt. The statues were just that. But she feared to interrupt their silence. As if they might come alive and judge her. They gave weight to every word the [Innkeeper] spoke, and the Hydra Knight put her head down and—listened.
The Brother was speaking haltingly. Terror was in every word. Not a terror of death, but something else. Failure. His head rose, and his hands clenched helplessly as he met the [Innkeeper]’s eyes.
“I…I am willing. I fear I’ll fail, though, as it were. And that would be a disgrace.”
Normen blushed at his poor response. He hung his head, but Erin waited until it came back up, searching.
“Everyone fails, Normen. The question is—can you try? Can you try and stand alone against a thousand foes? Will you run when you stand before monsters?”
He knew the answer to this one. Normen stared at Crimshaw, and his chin rose.
“I can stand until I fall forever. No. I would never run.”
