9.07
Page 2
What a strange time to be alive. Normen rolled out of his comfortable bed, and that wasn’t new. The Brothers had comfortable beds. They had lovely hideouts. They even had a generous hand with coin if everything was going well, and you couldn’t ask for more than that for a fellow who made a rough living.
—Or so he’d thought. But ever since tendering his partial resignation, Normen had discovered the joys of civilian life.
Namely, the feeling of sleeping in your own room, not a hideout, and that when you stepped outside, you might not have a target on your back.
Of course, he was now worried about someone putting one between Miss Solstice’s shoulder blades or on the lovable tyke, Mrsha, or the others. Yet guard-duty was not…being a Brother.
They’d thrown him a party. Just drinks and good company in one of the finer restaurants, and they’d all gone to one of the cheaper plays by the Players of Celum. Normen had been privately waiting for some…comeuppance for quitting the Brothers.
But they were an honorable lot, and the Gentlemen Callers had spoken up top. Mostly, Normen had learned—he and Alcaz had already been marked as dead. After Crimshaw had died and the chapter in Invrisil had taken so many casualties—anyone following the Tallman into a war and fighting Belavierr was probably dead. He couldn’t argue with that one.
Crimshaw deserved this. Normen stopped shaving with a bit of alchemical cream and a flick-knife. He stared into the mirror and around his room.
Not better than the Brothers’ hideouts or other accommodations he could afford. He’d earn far less than he might in a big job. And safety?
The inn was famous for being attacked. Normen had done the math on who might die in another Witch of Webs attack, and he was fairly certain how the first line of defense—himself and Alcaz—went. Yet there was a different feeling to this.
In the Brothers, you would get the call. One moment you’d be tipping your hat to a lady or gentleman on the streets, doing business in such a way that even the civilians didn’t look too afraid around you, although their kids were never present—the respectable ones with homes, that was.
The next? You took off that hat. And in the moments when your blood felt like fire and your heart was all you heard as you swung a club into someone’s face—you knew you’d be dead or breathing blood and relief in five minutes. And it was a coin toss on which it’d be.
Not a bad life. You could make it a while, and as Crimshaw had said when he vouched for Normen—sometimes a fellow stands for something. No [Slavers]. No harassing old folks or the worst of what could be done in the name of making coin.
You slept soundly in the Brothers.
In The Wandering Inn? Normen…rested.
“G’day to you, Alcaz.”
“Fine morning for it.”
The two Brothers greeted each other as they left their rooms, practically within moments. Not verbally—they mouthed the words and tipped their hats.
They were still Brothers. For now—it was all Normen knew, and he hadn’t lost the class. He was a [Courteous Mugger]. A man with a plan that involved hitting you until you lay down. He hadn’t consolidated his classes, though he had leveled up no less than five times in his adventure. Being in the Titan’s company and hitting [Soldiers] in battle did that.
He absconded with himself downstairs first as Alcaz prowled the upper floors. Normen didn’t go into occupied rooms, but he did go into unoccupied rooms. He’d do a circuit, check a few items, maybe straighten a chair, and leave.
