9.07
Page 25
“Not now, Mrsha. Aunt Selys has to go arrest a mean [Clerk]. What? Oh—the door.”
Selys knew what the fuss was about and grimaced. She’d explained to Pisces and Kevin, and the [Mechanic] winced. He stood up fast.
“I’ve gotta go. Before Erin thinks I can help.”
“Can’t you help her like me? You can at least put together numbers—”
Kevin backed away so fast he was practically moonwalking over to the hallway.
“No, absolutely not. I worked in my bike shop now and then, but I hate numbers. I hate them. I can barely do Solar Cycles’ work. In fact, we have a bunch of new orders for our big clients. The Empire of Sands. So, uh—bye.”
He vanished just as Erin turned from the discussions.
“Kevin! Don’t you know about—Kevin? Wait, come back! Oh, Selys!”
“Pass. I’m clearly not cut out to judge character, Erin. Excuse me. I need to find Relc.”
The Drake also got up, and Mrsha saw Erin’s face fall. The little Gnoll girl sighed. Lyonette had the Thronebearers’ help, but they didn’t manage businesses. They could negotiate, but it seemed, to her, that the inn was badly mismanaged economically.
What to do? She pondered for a moment, then brightened up.
Wait a second. Mrsha the Networker might be able to help out after all. Didn’t she know about someone who could help with business ventures? She scampered up to her room to find her [Message] scroll. Mrsha scribbled furiously with a self-satisfied smile.
 
——
 
King Fetohep of Khelt was reading. He was not happy while reading.
He had spent sixteen days straight repairing the damage to his realm, allocating new lands for the Gnoll tribes, but mostly—conducting diplomacy, a rarity for Khelt on such a level.
It was taxing, because, while he could write a [Message] or speak via spell while also doing paperwork, he had to pretend to devote all of his attention to a fellow ruler of state. But it was a certain trio of kingdoms that were demanding his attention.
Well, one in particular. However, his new expansion into Jecrass needed security, leadership, and restoration from the war. It was not monster-free, and the people were afraid of the undead. Worse, however…Khelt sighed.
The Claiven Earth and Medain. In fact, not just them, but several cities had, apparently, surrendered while he had ridden north. Khelt was now in possession of two kingdoms. The Claiven Earth were being very…very careful. He had not asked much of them, and they had not protested. Yet.
The armies he had sent across Khelt were fresh in everyone’s mind, but Fetohep was also aware many half-Elves had joined the exodus to Izril. He had to deal with them, but carefully. Simply…releasing them was an issue. There were many factors, but the half-Elves were at least intelligent. The cities who wanted to be part of Khelt could be dealt with.
Yet one man was somehow so…imbecilic that he was a worse headache than all of the other elements combined. Fetohep read the long [Message] accompanied by—he stared down at the shipment of spices from Baleros—a gift.
 
Your Exalted Majesty of Khelt, Eternal Protector of the Sands, King of Kings Fetohep of Khelt—
 
It was always a new combination of addresses. Was this hand-written? It was slightly harder to read.
 
—Your Obedient Friend and [High King] Perric would like to inform you that I have commissioned six statues in each major city of Medain. I have demanded their construction within the month, and I hope this small gesture will please you—
 
Fetohep groaned. He actually didn’t know what to do.
