9.07
Page 20
“I’m out of strength!”
Ceria was aware of Erin’s new food and looked around the inn, still full of activity. The new Antinium were learning the ropes and serving food to the adventurers, who were too high on relief to even care who was bringing them food and drinks.
“Well, why not eat more?”
“I don’t wanna eat bisque right now.”
“You could…oh, hey. Anyone know enchantment magic? Palt? Bezale?”
“What? Oh—[Lion’s Strength]? I could use a scroll, but that’s expensive.”
Bezale was reluctant, so Palt tapped Erin on the shoulder.
“How about [Rhinoceros Beetle’s Might]?”
“Isn’t that a Tier 3 spell?”
Ceria snorted, but Erin Solstice pushed hard and rose with a wobble. She clung to the table and blinked.
“Hey, this isn’t as strong as my bisque—but it’ll do! Bezale, how much is a [Lion’s Strength]…?”
“Eight hundred and twelve gold pieces. That’s the friend-discount.”
“…Bisque it is! I wonder if I can make it last longer? Probably more of the gumtree bark.”
It was enough for Erin to hobble around and move from seat-to-seat with. She decided a bisque would help her get around for four hours each day—or she could have two, but she didn’t know if she had enough room for bisque in her life. But if Palt enchanted her…
Well, the inn didn’t party into the night. Mostly because the adventurers left the inn to head into the town and hit the bars and celebrate. The Wandering Inn was, ironically, not the spot a lot of the teams wanted to be.
When you said, ‘I was at the Village of the Dead raid, and now I’m rich’, the guests in this inn tended to say, ‘okay, that’s great’. They didn’t buy you a drink or give you a star-struck look of wonder because they’d seen the team that went into Albez and slew Adult Crelers.
“Hey, Lyonette. Whatever happened to our door?”
Erin called out as adventurers began to head to Liscor to get back to Invrisil. She was worried Lyonette had been stonewalled before even getting to the Council, but the [Princess] just turned around.
“The door? The Council asked me to give them a day for all the arranged transits. But they promised to bring it here as soon as the gates open next morning.”
Erin’s mouth opened.
“…Huh? Wh—just like that? What about all the fees you wanted to collect?”
Lyonette’s face soured.
“For using the door? Councilmember Lism told me he’d discuss that tomorrow morning. Mrsha, dear. You’re going to get to play with Gire tomorrow morning!”
Mrsha looked up and then patted Moore excitedly on the head. She wanted to introduce one tall friend to another! She completely missed the adults’ looks of interest or reservation at Lyonette’s smile.
 
——
 
Presently, it was night and thus had gone another day of The Wandering Inn. Adventurers earning coin, friends abroad, and Erin walking.
Not a bad day at all by Normen’s calculations. Quiet, but dramatically quiet. It was indeed pleasant. He could see himself doing this for a long time.
Did he crave the new lands or feel some tinge of regret when he saw the adventurers? Yes. But the inn had a rhythm of its own. The [Innkeeper] led no charges in battle unless she did, but here…
Here things mattered. For instance, as Normen was eating his supper—he’d stayed sharp rather than eat with the guests—he noticed Erin walking into her garden, leaning on her chair for support. Normen turned to Ishkr.
“Can I help you clean up, sir?”
The Gnoll stopped with a huge load of plates.
“I’m fine, thanks. Liska will help me clean up.”
He glowered at his sister and the two Workers who were bussing the tables. She glared back and began pulling chairs and tables to the side for sweeping.
