9.07
Page 23
Lism’s stubbornness seemed to be winning. Teliv flinched when he saw Erin and tried to hide behind the [Councilmember], but Lyonette kept snapping.
“What do you mean, no remunerations? You’ve had that door running for months!”
“Yes, and we are completely willing to offer you credit on your taxes for the coming fiscal year. Ah, Miss Solstice! Your door is being returned to you. I hope you will remember Liscor’s tax on visitors, but we are delighted to return the door to its proper owner. We never intended to hold onto it, as you can see.”
The Drake’s smile was not being returned by Erin. She gave him a suspicious look.
“You’re being nice. What’s wrong? Are you not paying us? That’s illegal.”
“Indeed it is. Erin’s a citizen of Liscor. She had to pay her taxes—I demand a share of the profits. Not even half, but a—quarter will do for however long the door was running.”
Lyonette’s eyes flashed. She knew Liscor had funding from selling lands and their other recent economic ventures. They could afford to hire a famous [Architect] in Hexel.
Lism sighed as the [Innkeeper] joined forces with the [Princess]. Teliv was no help, so the Drake put up his claws.
“Very well, Miss Solstice, Miss Marquin. You win.”
He held out a claw.
“I believe that would be sixty gold pieces. We’ll round it up, but we’re two hundred and forty plus gold coins in the negative, so a quarter…”
Erin blinked at his claw. Lyonette’s mouth opened.
“You lost money on the door?”
Suddenly, it clicked. Lism glanced at the door being maneuvered into place.
“We did indeed. That damn door has been more trouble than it’s worth. I wish you the best of luck making a profit on it, but if you want the actual income—you’re not going to get it. For four months, we’ve been losing money on it. The only thing that even kept it from bleeding gold was sending supplies through.”
“But the fee for each person is six silver—”
“No, it’s ten. We upped the price to twelve, but then brought it back down. And even then, as I think you’ll find—recharging the door for all the foot traffic costs more than you can spend.”
“Impossible. That might be the case in Liscor, but Erin’s inn produces mana.”
Lyonette spoke flatly, and Lism laughed.
“You think so? There’s a bit more traffic coming through the door these days. Do you know how many Pallassians are willing to visit Liscor in a day?”
“No…”
“At least a hundred. How many can your inn sustain per day? And that’s just Pallass coming through one way. We’ve subsidized the costs against the business they bring. But we don’t make money on recharging the door. We’ve tried mana stones—that’s the way to bleed the most gold. It’s simplest to hire [Mages] to spend their mana on the door. You’ll need a rotation of at least forty. I’ll send a [Clerk] with the details.”
Erin and Lyonette looked at each other in horror. A hundred visitors per day? From Pallass? Lism was backing away slowly.
“As you can see, we consider it a public service, but we will be delighted to consider some credits in the future. Now, I must be—”
He was almost out of the inn when Ser Sest leaned against the doorway.
“Councilmember, please, have a seat! It would not do for such an important Councilmember to leave without refreshments. And as I’m sure Lady Lyonette and Miss Solstice would point out—the income of the door is still income, no matter the expenses Liscor chooses to take on.”
Lism cursed and tried to use Teliv as a battering ram, but Dame Ushar also spoke cheerfully.
“It would also behoove Liscor to negotiate for usage of the door.”
