9.07
Page 35
“If Nanette is there, I’ll ask Griffon Hunt to escort her back.”
“Is that team not on some sort of assignment? They cannot just take on an escort out of nowhere. That would be a tremendous breach of contract!”
Ser Lormel looked mildly horrified at the idea. Erin blew out her cheeks.
“Okay, I’ll get them to talk to Laken who sends someone with Nanette. If she’s there. Otherwise, we’ll find them. Uh—uh—maybe the Horns? Or Ryoka? If they’re willing.”
She was having a headache again. This time, Menolit, who by now was leaning on the counter and openly listening in, broke back into the conversation.
“You want to send a Gold-rank team to bring someone back? Or a Courier? I like that. That’s being rich for you. Pure overkill. Don’t use a [Flame Jet] spell to slay a rat, cast [Hurricane of Acid].”
Erin opened and closed her mouth. It was true. That did seem like a trivial waste of Ceria’s time when you put it like that.
Yelroan’s Gnolls, finding Nanette, and Erin had a bunch of other tasks like connecting with Goblinhome or looking into certain things. She had a bunch of friends, but they were people. With…desires. Interests.
“It’s too bad I can’t pay them to do that. But they’re Gold-ranks and Couriers. Damn. I need cheap…intelligent…labor.”
Mrsha the Mercenary puffed out her chest. Erin patted her on the head.
“Not you. I guess I could hire Silver-rank teams, right? Or actual [Mercenaries]?”
“That is how most people get things done, yes.”
Menolit’s face was deadpan. He was really enjoying this. Erin sighed.
“It’s too bad. But what if I got like—Vuliel Drae? That’s a bad roll of the dice. Oh, hey, Insill. Didn’t see you there. Sorry, but you guys did cause a moth attack.”
She waved at a mortified Drake. Erin felt like she was coming to some kind of a conclusion, but she turned back as Yelroan sent more files over.
“This Gnoll’s super smart, Mrsha. What did you say he did? Managed an entire tribe of Izril’s finances? I feel like that’s a difficult job. Do you think he could do our finances?”
Wistfully, Erin leaned on the counter and stared ahead. At this point, even the casual observers pretending to read newspapers or wait in line were giving her the side-eye.
This [Innkeeper] was really something, huh? Erin Solstice spoke slowly, coming to a conclusion she had really come to before being shot with crossbows.
“I think…I need more employees who can do that sort of thing. I don’t know about entire tribes, but more help’d be nice. Or…hey, Normen, Alcaz. Do you think you could go to, like, Riverfarm and find someone and bring them back?”
She looked at the two Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings. Normen opened his mouth. He thought of all the hazards that lay on the road even for a resourceful fellow, especially if he had to guard someone. Not to mention…[Witches]?
Brothers didn’t mess with [Witches]. Erin stared at him innocently.
“What? Maybe both of you?”
Every spy, informant, and observer in the Mage’s Guild felt the two Brothers’ pain as one overworked employee to another in the face of the obtuse boss.
No—mostly obtuse. Erin was leaning on the counter hard, exhaustion playing as big a part as…unexpected weakness.
Normen saw it. The same young woman who could and did look Sinew Magus Grimalkin in the eye and not blink at his disapproval, who had challenged the Assassin’s Guild in Izril—and he had been there—
She feared Yelroan’s simple, straightforward instructions more than that. Erin was speaking faster.
“Can one person even help with an entire tribe? That’s an army, isn’t it?”
