9.07
Page 50
Drassi had come barreling through the door upon hearing the story. Ceria, Yvlon—everyone was gathered around Erin as the [Knights] watched and Thuile had a breakdown in public. Erin glanced at Lyonette with that knowing look…then an impish smile crossed her face. She flapped one hand dismissively.
“Nope! I asked Ser Lormel if there were weird [Knight]-laws and traditions. Old stuff has all kinds of stupid rules. You should read up on them some time. I used to do it all night long when I was bored.”
“What?”
The [Innkeeper] grinned mischievously.
“I was pretty sure I could fulfill a lot of the requirements, but it was all Lormel’s knowledge.”
The Thronebearer executed a smooth bow, a pleased smile on his face.
“Never face a Thronebearer anywhere but the field, I believe it’s said. A privilege to serve.”
Lyonette looked like she was ready to kill Lormel, but Erin turned to her.
“Lyonette, can you make Normen a [Knight]? If he wants to?”
“Me?”
The [Princess] froze, and Normen’s heart leapt in his chest. He looked at Erin and then at Alcaz. His friend was giving him a wide-eyed look.
A [Knight]. Him? The Brothers often politely ribbed the few in Izril, or mugged them, but…Normen imagined himself riding around in a suit of armor. Would he speak in thees and thous?
Or—he looked at Erin, and she spoke.
“It wouldn’t be like a normal [Knight]. You need training. And armor. Demas Metal or at least steel. Pelt can forge a set. A lot of the time might just be here. But if I need something, if I think you can help…it’d be like resting at the inn and then going on adventures. Do you think you’d enjoy that life, Normen?”
Slowly, he took his hat from his head and stared at it. Normen looked at Erin, then at Alcaz. He wondered where Pivr was. He had resigned himself to perhaps seeing the strange Flying Antinium seldom. But he had wanted to see those Hives.
He wanted to go to the new lands of Izril. A Brother couldn’t hope to survive those journeys. Not even Wilovan.
But in a suit of armor…Normen whispered.
“I don’t know as I’d mind, Miss Solstice. If I could gain the class.”
“You can. Lyonette…?”
The [Princess] tried to hide her expression, but everyone saw the reservations on her face. She didn’t have to respond—Dame Ushar cut in swiftly.
“Lyonette cannot knight anyone, Miss Solstice.”
“But Brunkr—”
The female Thronebearer spoke carefully.
“If Lyonette acted in…anonymity, that is one thing. Right now, she is a noted and recognized individual, even if her exact class is not on display. Anyone would be considered a Thronebearer of Calanfer. And as she has not the permission of the throne…”
She looked at Normen, and he bowed his head. He would doubt his candidacy too.
Erin Solstice’s eyes narrowed slowly. She stared Ushar down, and the Thronebearer refused to give way. The [Innkeeper] took a breath and spoke.
“Fine. In that case—I’ll do it myself. Normen. Do you want to be a [Knight]?”
She turned, and the Brother stood, looking down at her, because yes, she was shorter. But he felt like he was looking up at someone staring at him with two burning flames behind her eyes.
Like a ruler of Khelt, perhaps. Or just a strange [Magical Innkeeper]. Slowly, he closed his eyes, then opened them and nodded.
“If—”
His voice caught. With his helplessness. With desire, with a boy’s dream of being more than a piece of filth on the street who had to steal. With the crooked honor of a Brother who lied to himself that he wasn’t the worst in the world, that he might sleep.
“—If you think I could truly be one.”
