9.07
Page 40
Normen didn’t even see how Lormel found the back doors, but the [Knight] apparently knew where they were. He blocked off the hall as Erin backed out the door. Normen followed, embarrassed, as Alcaz helped stymie the teams.
Damn it. Once again, Normen was reminded that the Brothers didn’t do protection. He really was behind the Thronebearers.
“Thanks, Normen. I guess Lyonette was right. I need you guys around. Let’s go to the inn.”
The adventurers were now trying to get out of the building, but it sounded like they were busy fighting each other.
“Summon the Watch!”
…And that would slow them down more. Normen sighed as he and Erin hurried down a street. The [Innkeeper] could barely go above a fast walk—she looked tired.
“Don’t pull me, Mrsha! Even with the power of bisque, I can’t run! Darn. I wanted to ask Yelroan more questions. Maybe Typhenous for Riverfarm. Lormel’s actually sort of impressive. Too bad they’re on loan from Calanfer, eh?”
Mrsha gave Erin a grudging nod. Normen saw Lormel exit the guild and run after them. He panted to Normen as he caught up.
“Your friend, Alcaz, got tangled with the Gold-rank teams. He’s fine—”
Lormel winced at the loud voices and crashing behind him.
“—I think. It’s just a fistfight.”
Erin opened her mouth. But Normen blurted his question in frank disbelief.
“How did you get out, Ser Lormel?”
Alcaz was a knife-expert, and Lormel was…well, no offense, but without armor, Normen would bet his life savings on his friend every day of the week. Ser Lormel gave Normen a slightly embarrassed smile.
“I know when not to raise my fists, sir. A fellow in armor isn’t much of a target if he backs away.”
A completely different attitude towards the fight. Normen nodded and resolved to work out how to change their methods with Alcaz. They were just heading down main street when the third group caught them.
“Horse shit eatin’ slimes on a corpse pile.”
The Brother of Serendipitous Meeting lost his temper. Entirely unprofessional, but Mrsha’s look of awed respect almost made it worth it. Crimshaw would have cuffed him on the head—but even the older man would have probably said something similar.
…Because four [Knights] were headed straight towards them. And one of them was pointing at Erin Solstice.
“There she is. Pray thee halt, company! We require an urgent conversation on the manners of knightly affairs!”
They were each wearing a different kind of armor. One looked—fast. He was on a horse and had green and cobalt armor. Normen vaguely recognized him as Izrilian.
A second had armor in black and purple—Ser Lormel tensed up. Another? Light purple and green. The last was completely different from the other two; he was helmetless, had what looked like a scale and bag of coin on his chest, and he seemed older than the others by far. He also had a bag of holding on prominent display.
The Order of the Clairei Fields of Izril, the fastest Izrilian [Knights]. A member of the Order of the Hydra, and another from the Thirsting Veil of Ailendamus. Lastly? One of the Order of Haegris, a Haggle Knight of Terandria.
“A Thronebearer of Calanfer!”
The Hydra Knight spotted Ser Lormel, and her imperious tone changed to hostility at once. Lormel cursed. He raised a speaking stone to his lips.
“Dalimont, to me! We have a problem—[Knights]! Miss Solstice, behind me. Halt! This person is under Calanfer’s protection and a citizen of Liscor! This is not Terandria!”
He held up a hand, and the Hydra [Knight] drew a spiked mace.
“It is always a fitting place to battle Ailendamus’ enemies! I challenge you, Ser Thronebearer!”
