9.07
Page 28
His tent hadn’t been damaged in all the fighting. Amazingly, every warrior had just rushed past it or looked in, seen little to loot or destroy, and run on. Yelroan supposed that was a commentary on the value of numbers being disguised.
Today, over two weeks after the Meeting of Tribes, the betrayal of their entire tribe’s history, the death of his Chieftain and Shaman Ulcreziek, Yelroan worked with numbers.
No. He was not over it. If anything, he was working to avoid what he’d seen. If he stopped and thought about it—
He’d panic. It was a kind of denial, and it applied to the assistant sending [Messages].
What had happened—happened. It was hard to deny. But Yelroan sat in the Plain’s Eye camp. Or rather, what was left of it. He stuck a quill in an inkpot, ready to get back to calculating just how many healing potions the tribes used per month.
There was going to be a real shortage of potions. However, Yelroan’s quill scratched on the parchment.
“Out of ink? Damn.”
Yelroan cracked another inkwell…then another…then realized he was out. He looked around, bemused…and realized no one had refilled his paper sheaves either.
That was how he knew his tribe was ashambles. Just—no one remembered to give him ink. Yelroan got up slowly. He hesitated as he walked out of his tent.
The Gnoll who sent [Messages] had been placed next to his tent, so he spoke for a second.
“I’m just—heading out to get some ink. Do you know who has any?”
“Silverfang?”
She spoke after a second, her voice croaking with disuse. Yelroan vaguely recalled Satar talking about her free ink.
“That makes sense. I’ll be back.”
She barely nodded. He stepped out of the tent, and the sunlight gleamed off his fur. Yelroan looked around and inhaled, even now, the stench of death. But far away.
The blood was still clinging to them, even two weeks later. Not that many Plain’s Eye warriors were around. They were—split off, divided up. Some were under the care of other tribes. Others were serving their original subtribes in Plain’s Eye, but they were not a force anymore.
They could not be. The trust was not there.
Plain’s Eye was camped on the outskirts of the former Meeting of Tribes. A kind of…ragtag assembly from the great, organized tribe it had been. Many of their members were gone. More would leave, tomorrow, and the day after.
They were not a tribe any more. At least—Yelroan doubted they could ever be. The name was tainted. Their very purpose was called into question, and the Gnolls who had lived through the war in the Great Plains had become the most hated people of the plains.
Yet they were alive. Alive and not butchered for their deeds.
Chieftain Feshi had seen to that. Adetr Steelfur, the other Chieftains had refused to let this become a second slaughter. So there were many Plain’s Eye Gnolls alive.
There was just one thing. As Yelroan emerged from the tent, he saw many Gnolls glance his way. Just—glance and sometimes stare, then, often, look away. He was used to it by now, but for once, Yelroan was glad his sunglasses hid part of his expression.
He kept his face straight as the light yellow, blonde fur on his body waved in the breeze. He headed past Gnolls sitting aimlessly around. Children silently mending blankets, braiding cord to make rope.
Even fletching, cooking—but almost all trade goods. They needed to make money.
After all—they had to live. And many of the Gnolls who’d fled had taken a lot of the tribe’s coin with them. The work of making an arrow, tanning hide, that was distracting.
