9.07
Page 22
There wouldn’t be an inn left. Not even if the entire Brotherhood were here. And the [Innkeeper] needed no Ulvama, nor Normen. She sighed, and the words faded out of the air.
“…Not yet. Not yet. Not that or anything else. Not—”
She turned, and Normen and Mrsha slipped out the door as Erin began rolling downhill. Silently, Mrsha accepted her scolding and went to bed, though Normen was sure she wouldn’t sleep easy.
Yes. This was why he was here. The Brother went to his own light sleep. Rather than this being too easy or calm, he only feared, even with his new levels? Even at Level 30?
He wouldn’t be able to do what was needed when the time came.
 
——
 
The next day, Erin Solstice was in more pain, but a healing potion sip sorted her out. She woke up, asked Normen to take her to the Mage’s Guild, and sent Ryoka a reply.
At the same time, she filed a request.
“Hey. Um. Do you know where [Witches] are? I’m looking for a ‘Nanette’. Can I send her a [Message]?”
The [Mage] had to lean over the counter to talk to her. The Drake hesitated.
“Do you mean a [Witch] in general? We don’t…just keep records of random [Witches], Miss Solstice.”
“Okay. But you have records, right?”
“Are you asking us to search through all the records of known [Witches] for a Nanette?”
“Yes. She’s on Izril, around Riverfarm, maybe? But she may have moved. Can you put out a [Message]-thing for all Mage’s Guilds in the area asking if she’ll talk to me? Say I’m, uh—trying to contact her regarding witch-stuff.”
“I suppose that’s possible. The cost will be…let me add this up.”
Erin interrupted the Drake as he fetched a kind of abacus out.
“Wait, hold on. Can I talk to Emperor Laken? I’ll ask him if he knows anything.”
“You mean—the [Emperor]? You can’t just send a [Message] spell to someone of that class randomly. He is on an exclusivity list. Even then, his [Messages] are vetted by his people.”
“Yeah, but I know him. He [Messaged] me, actually. Tell him I’m looking for Nanette.”
“You aren’t on his lists. I could inquire—”
Erin had to reach up to slap her hands on the desk.
“What do you mean, I’m not on the list? He talked to me! Isn’t that proof?”
The Drake was having a bad day. He had to confer with a senior and then groaned.
“Oh. You were dead, so you’ve been removed from—I have to contact Riverfarm’s Mage Guild and ask them to clarify. It may take a while—”
“I’m not dead! Just tell him I’m not dead!”
“Er, Miss Solstice. I’d hate to interrupt as it were, but this isn’t this gentleman’s fault, exactly.”
The Drake gave Normen a look of sincere gratitude as Erin hesitated. She looked around at the other customers waiting in line, staring at her.
“Classic Solstice moment.”
One of the Drakes, Menolit, of all people, chuckled. Erin turned beet red.
“I—I would like to inquire at Riverfarm. Thanks. Um…do you accept tips?”
 
——
 
When Erin got back to her inn, the portal door was being installed in Hexel’s room by no less than the [Architect] himself. Erin brightened up—she had been embarrassed into silence the entire ride back—right up until she heard the argument.
Lyonette, Lism, and the [Negotiator], Teliv, were having a duel in the middle of the inn’s hallway.
On one hand, you had Lyonette, flanked by two Thronebearers, the aura of royalty on her side and a [Princess]’ knowledge of negotiations. The Thronebearers themselves were as savvy in this field as any other non-combat profession.
On the other side—Teliv, a [Negotiator]. And Lism.
