9.07
Page 16
Ceria winked at Yvlon. The [Armsmistress] blinked, but she didn’t get a chance to say anything more.
“Yvlon Byres. Ceria Springwalker. I would like to congratulate you on your negotiations. Is now a good time? House Isphel may attempt to purchase a few of the artifacts, although I fear the Helm of Fire is out of even our pockets.”
A voice spoke, and the two whirled and Ceria cried out.
“Prince Zenol! How are you?”
The Gold-rank Captain and [Prince] of Nerrhavia’s Fallen smiled, hands clasped behind his back as he stood in some rich room—the scrying spell didn’t show much. He looked unharmed, and Yvlon sighed in relief.
“Zenol. How—how is Nerrhavia’s Fallen? Queen Yisame?”
“As well as could be expected after the fallout of Pomle’s disastrous siege. The mood is—troubled. But I will not distract you from the moment.”
The Prince’s polite words reminded Yvlon that the last time she’d been there, he’d betrayed General Thelican and she’d essentially thrown Nerrhavia’s battle into chaos. Ceria chewed on a chip.
“We didn’t do you any services, Zenol. How much trouble is House Isphel in?”
His smile didn’t change.
“House Isphel has risen, not fallen, Ceria. As for the climate—well. Strained, but holding. I may not be an adventurer but a [Prince] for now, but I am grateful for my share in the raid. I hope you did everything you set out to accomplish?”
“Our friend, Erin, is alive. We owe you a lot, Zenol. Don’t ever hesitate to collect.”
He nodded slowly. Yvlon frowned at the small image of him in the scrying orb. The [Prince] nodded, and there was a slight glittering on his clothing. He made no move, just kept speaking.
“I must go, but again, as I have always said, my sincere respect to my Izrilian counterparts. If you do have the chance, Nerrhavia’s Fallen welcomes you both to return. Think on that if you intend to return to Chandrar.”
Ceria broke in idly before Yvlon could reply.
“Do you have…any kind of weather problems, Zenol?”
The [Prince] had begun to step away. He turned, and Yvlon saw that glittering…silver flash again, a tiny speck on the scrying orb.
“Just a bug problem, I believe. Nothing of note. Ceria, Yvlon—”
The image flickered out. Ceria eyed the scrying orb, then chucked it at a [Receptionist] across the room.
“Hey, put that into storage.”
Only when it was far away did she turn.
“Zenol’s in trouble.”
“Are you sure?”
Yvlon had picked up on some things, but Ceria just produced a few fingers.
“He was way too polite. Zenol isn’t shy about being direct. ‘Respect for my Izrilian counterparts’? Do you recall even a hint of that?”
Exactly the opposite. Which meant…Yvlon’s heart sank. Ceria nodded.
“Nerrhavia’s Fallen has it out for us. He was warning us off. I don’t know about the rest, but it sounds like there’s trouble for him. Did you notice that thing crawling up his clothing?”
Yvlon had. Zenol had deliberately not brushed it off. Ceria gave Yvlon a long look.
“A silver beetle.”
“This is my fault. He came back to Nerrhavia for me, and we might have made him a traitor.”
“Eh, you said Queen Yisame liked him. That counts for something.”
Yvlon bit her lip. She hadn’t told Ceria about Yisame’s frank…admiration for her. Or the Queen’s confession that a lot of Nerrhavia wasn’t under her full control. If Sage Etrikah hadn’t stopped the metal plague—
Her guilt wormed away at her as the adventurers celebrated. It was that reminder. Ceria seemed oblivious, but she had forged the fewest connections abroad. Everyone else could not help but remember—
Their friends were out there. And not all of them were safe.
 
——
 
