9.07
Page 12
If Griffon Hunt went, the odds that they’d make it in time were remote. Secondly? They would almost surely die if they ran into a Drake army. They’d stayed at Riverfarm and Invrisil.
Waiting for Erin to wake up in case she needed backup. No one had expected Erin to fly off via pegasus. And no one could be more pleased than their team she was back and, apparently, on her feet.
Typhenous wished he could see Halrac trying to hide a smile. However, he was more curious about Ceria.
She had come into the contentious arguments and set all the parties mostly to rights. At least, the ones who could move the needle by influence. Elia Arcsinger’s team was the largest. And true—her presence had united the Halfseekers, Griffon Hunt, independent groups like Zenol’s team, and others around her.
But how in Rhir’s hells had she gotten Elia’s team to shut up and back her? The half-Elf who the Named Rank adventurer had sent was no adventurer. He was a [Negotiator], and a good one who’d been pushing for a Relic-class item for her team.
After one day, he sat there, upset and pale. Typhenous hadn’t missed how worried he’d gotten when Ceria started talking with him. The Plague Mage smelled underhandedness, and he was all in favor of it. He just wanted to know what Ceria had said.
 
——
 
The half-Elf smiled around the table, though the Captains had to sit or stand there were so many.
“Alright. I know everyone thought me and my team were dead. And I apologize for the delay. But at last—we’re ready to divide the loot from the Village of the Dead raid. Please, wait until I’m finished. Then object.”
“What, just like that? No ceremony? No—”
A Gold-rank Captain looked outraged. Dorgon, the Silver-rank Minotaur, rumbled behind him.
“Silence.”
Ceria rolled her eyes.
“Listen, you want ceremony? I’ll sprinkle roses and get a [Bard] to play while I hand your share out. But it’s coming out of your funds, Maeist. I know how hard it’s been for some teams, not knowing if they’ll get a fair share. So I’m going to come out and say it—we’re selling almost all the artifacts. It’s gold-shares, not loot shares.”
The sigh that ran through the room from most of the Captains was relieved. However, Keldrass and several Gold-rank teams objected at once.
“Those are Relic-class items, Ceria!”
“You want to just sell—you’re getting the Helm of—”
“Silence!”
This time, Ceria shouted into a [Loud Voice] spell. Every Gold-rank in the room clapped their hands to their ears, and the Gnolls shouted invectives at Ceria. The half-Elf aimed her skeletal finger around, the frosted tip pointing at Keldrass.
“Cool it or I’ll start casting [Snow Plume]. Just let me explain my reasoning. Gold, not loot. Because if one person gets that [Legendary Swordbane…Drake Swordmaster]’s sword, even by fair and unbiased luck of the draw? There will be blood. You know it, I know it. That team won’t make it out of the city without a fight, from thieves and other teams.”
Keldrass opened his mouth, then nodded reluctantly. Ceria ticked off another point on her hand.
“Second? If we do loot, a lot of teams walk away with a pittance. We don’t have that much gear that people want. So no loot. It’s simple. Now, each team will get an equal share. Teams that were wiped? Fair share. Size? Doesn’t matter. I hope each team will allocate gold to teammates that fell, but it’s per-team shares. Silver-ranks get one. Gold-ranks, two. Named-ranks, three.”
This time, the muttering was a lot less happy. Ceria had just dumped a lot, and Typhenous was frankly surprised by some of it.
