9.07
Page 18
“I heard you fought in a war for me. You—you silly half-Giant! I’ve been waiting for you to come here so I could do this! I just couldn’t chase you down in a wheelchair.”
“I’m too dangerous. I don’t grow plants. It’s all blood and death. Erin—don’t.”
“Make me! I bet you won’t. You hit bad people. Not Mrshas and Erins. Mrsha, get him!”
The Gnoll clung to Moore’s head, blubbering. The half-Giant didn’t seem to have the strength to pull her off.
“Moore. I tolb you. We’re your teabmates.”
The half-Giant looked around and saw Jelaqua oozing orange slime out of various orifices. The Selphid grabbed him.
“You big dummy. Ulinde, get in here! Seborn—”
“No.”
But the [Rogue] was watching, and Moore protested, but weakly.
“Jelaqua—no, really. Don’t hug—argh.”
“Seborn! Come on!”
It was a group hug, and the [Rogue] was the only one out. Seborn slowly stood up as his team beckoned to him. The Horns were watching. Half the inn was watching. Typhenous was definitely watching.
The Drowned Man slowly put a hand on Moore’s shoulder and rested it there. Then Erin pulled him in, and he embraced Moore’s arm for a second.
“Alright. Now let me go. I said let me—”
Moore’s arm trembled as he drew his friend into a hug. Mrsha patted him on the head, and he…sighed as he rubbed at his eyes. It sounded like relief.
 
——
 
You couldn’t hug away everything, but you could squeeze out a lot. Erin with legs was better than a wheelchair.
She could chase people down. And unlike Pisces, the real trick might have just been getting Moore into the inn.
Because Mrsha refused to let go of him once she got onto the half-Giant’s shoulder. She held a bowl of chips and kept feeding Moore bites and making sure he was eating. The anxious little Gnoll’s attention was enough to make Moore begin to tear up every few minutes.
Horns and Halfseekers. Adventurers in the inn, and Erin on her feet. Amidst all of it, a single man in a hat tapped Erin on the shoulder as she was resting her legs for a second and beaming around.
“Miss Solstice. I hate to trouble you, but I popped down to the Mage’s Guild on my errands, as it were. Was holding onto this, but I recognized the name and thought—”
Alcaz proffered a [Message], and Erin accepted it.
“Thanks, Alcaz! What’s this ab—Ryoka?”
Every head turned. Lyonette groaned, and Mrsha looked up. Rather than let go of Moore, she hopped on his head and tugged at his hair like a driver.
“Mrsha, that hurts. Don’t do that.”
The half-Giant still obliged her by walking over. Erin was reading rapidly, and she exclaimed as Ceria walked over.
“Where’s Ryoka now? I haven’t heard of her since the Village of the Dead raid…tree rot. Is she okay?”
“I don’t know—does anyone know where Ryoka was?”
The other guests of the inn looked about. Klbkch raised one hand.
“I recall she was sighted in the presence of Lord Tyrion Veltras. Allegedly, he proposed to her.”
“He what? But—”
Relc choked on his drink. He hesitated.
“Well, yeah. You save someone’s life and it happens. He proposed…did she say yes?”
Levil called out.
“No, and I heard she appeared in Ailendamus. As a prisoner of all things! Or a guest. It’s hard to tell, but the Wind Runner was hobnobbing with some fancy [Princesses].”
“Right before she tried to murder the Archmage of Memory. Which is fairly typical for her.”
Lyonette scowled. Erin’s mouth opened as Mrsha began chucking salsa-dipped chips down at her mother. The [Innkeeper] blinked.
“So that’s where that was. Wild. Ailendamus…and what was—um. Nevermind. Well, she’s alive! And she’s out of jail.”
“She was in prison?”
