9.07
Page 49
“…It seems that the Order of Solstice is more legitimate than we thought. If still unrealized. We withdraw our complaint, Miss Solstice. Although I would still like to note that the Order of Solstice’s current, single member is somewhat dishonorable in how he conducts warfare.”
Ser Lotorghast spoke up at last. Thuile was astounded, but Erin just folded her arms.
“But he wins. Oh. And one more thing—I’m not doing this just to be cute.”
She pointed at her own scowling face. Ser Solton’s brows were in his receding hairline.
“Perish the thought. Are you planning on recruiting more [Knights]? This Ser Ylawes, perhaps?”
Yvlon choked on her drink at the idea of Rabbiteater and Ylawes being fellow [Knights]. Erin pursed her lips.
“If he wants to apply, we’ll consider it. But no. These [Knights] will do what they want. But some of them…some of them have causes here and abroad they’ll fight for. Tell me—what do you call someone who works for little to no pay, risks their life for something important, and is an expert, enough to make a difference wherever they go?”
She looked around the inn, and Mrsha was reminded of their conversation in the Mage’s Guild. A few guests called out. Relc raised a claw.
“A smart [Mercenary]? Oh wait, they don’t exist.”
Captain Todi.
“Gold-rank adventurers?”
Menolit raised his claw.
“Stupid Humans?”
He got a laugh. Erin Solstice raised her brows. She turned back to the four figures sitting across from her, and Ser Solton saluted her.
“[Knights], madam Solstice. [Knights].”
Then, a figure sitting almost forgotten behind the commotion and excitement felt the hairs on the back of his neck rise. Those shining eyes turned across the room, and a plain man in a cap, a ruffian of little-good repute turned from glancing out the window for threats as Erin Solstice looked his way.
“Yes. [Knights]. If anyone wants to join, I’m willing to accept them. Knight Orders didn’t always just take [Knights], you know. They took [Crusaders] and [Paladins], [Chevaliers] and more. Even [Mages]. But a [Knight]…is an honorable person. A good man. It’s a class upgrade for most. And I’ll make sure anyone who joins gets a suit of armor.”
She looked at Normen, and Dame Thuile stood.
“That is a brigand. A criminal. I know this. This entire event is riddled with unvalorous statement and intent!”
Erin Solstice turned to the Hydra Knight. She smiled at Dame Thuile.
“You are speaking to one of my employees. Normen was part of one of the most famously honorable organizations in all of Izril. Isn’t that right, Mister Knight?”
The Clairei Knight looked like he was about to swallow his tongue.
“To—some sensibilities—that statement is broadly correct. You cannot be seriously saying you are going to knight someone…?”
Erin Solstice pushed herself up. She turned to Normen, and the Brother froze in his seat. He stared at her as Erin smiled his way.
“That depends on what he wants to be.”
 
——
 
“Sorry for springing it on you. You can say no, if you want. You can also quit being a [Knight]. It’s not forever.”
Ser Sest looked like he was about to faint at Erin’s words. Normen? But for Alcaz patting him on the shoulder, he thought he might swoon over, and since Mrsha was standing next to him, he doubted he’d be caught.
“Erin, this is insane! How did you know all that? Did you learn it when you were dead?”
