9.07
Page 14
The truth spells flickered a bit, but they all showed an unhappy truth to the adventurer Captains. All except Typhenous, whose eyes flickered because he didn’t use truth spells.
They were too easy to fool.
“Alright, but that’s still a huge amount of loot—we know you went into the Village of the Dead. Whatever that monstrous thing was you saw—Tolve…something—alright. But the Helm of Fire?”
Derros sounded almost pleading. And this was where Ceria relaxed.
“Oh. We’re relinquishing our claim on that. It’s going up for auction. That’s how we’re guaranteeing everyone gets a big cut.”
There was no shouting this time. Everyone exhaled, and Jelaqua gave Ceria a nod as Typhenous silently applauded. That was how you ran negotiations like this.
“Fair! Damn me, but that’s the best Relic because it’s so famous. Every Walled City wants it. The Five Families want it. I thought you needed it?”
Ceria waved that away.
“We were going to trade it for help for our friend. The Healer of Tenbault, an Archmage—yes, I want it, but we’re being fair. So here’s what we’re going to do. As I said, everything gets sold. But if a team wants an artifact—they have to pay full market price. Not auction price, but what the Merchant Guild appraises it for. You have two days, then it’s all going up for auction. It’ll take at least a week for the sales to go through and more for the division, but I intend to portion out the gold within a month.”
The teams listened carefully. Some were dismayed, because the conditions meant that a Gold-rank team could possibly buy a few artifacts from the haul. No Silver-rank team could.
“Monster parts? Sold. Loot from the undead? Sold. Fair shares to all. Now, listen. I know some of you were hoping you’d get an artifact, but let’s be real—that would cause the kind of infighting you hear about that leaves many teams dead. You’ll all get a share of the coin. But before you argue about Named-ranks getting three shares or bias, let me say this: you’re done.”
Ceria spread her hands on the table. The adventurers stirred. Was that a threat?
No. The half-Elf was smiling around at them. The Silver-ranks especially. Then…perhaps they felt it again, like they had after the [Sword Legend] had fallen. A leap in their hearts. Ceria looked at Earlia, Anith, Levil…and the same light from Albez was in her eyes.
“You new teams especially—this is your haul. The Merchant’s Guildmaster gave me some estimates. The Helm of Fire is probably going to sell for at least a million gold pieces.”
“A million?”
“Under auction. Yes. It’s a relic. And true, there are a lot more teams here. Almost fifty, so it’s divided up, but I did some rough calculations, and I think we’re going to see each Silver-rank team walking away with at least 20,000 gold pieces from the Helm of Fire’s sale alone. Possibly double that. Or higher. That’s your haul. If you want to retire? Anyone who’s not in this for life is done with adventuring.”
The Silver-rank Captains had the same look Ceria had when she’d come out of Albez and began realizing how much they had. And unlike her—some were in tears.
They would retire. Retire with enough gold to set themselves up for a long time. If they managed their funds wisely. The Gold-rank teams were no less enthusiastic about those numbers.
That wasn’t just a few artifacts. That was…multiple artifacts per team member. Even divided up, the Village of the Dead raid was going to be one of the richest hauls in recent history.
Ceria Springwalker concluded with a smile.
