9.07
Page 54
“I assume you have your own life with Maughin, Jelaqua. I need my people. And I will make sure they have the best equipment! The best! Invisibility potions. Invisibility cloaks. Damn squids. That takes money, supplies, and someone organizing things. I just can’t do that, but I’ll [Knight] everyone. Not you, Mrsha. But anyone who wants it—or other classes.”
She looked about. Erin took a deep breath and felt that fluttering uncertainty again. But she knew what to do with it this time. She bent down, went to pick up Mrsha, and groaned.
“Mrsha, you’re heavy! I think the bisque is wearing off. Someone get my chair!”
Erin flopped into the grass, and Mrsha hopped into her lap.
“What can I do for you, oh mighty granter of classes? I would like to be a [Wizard], please.”
She held up a note, and Erin rubbed Mrsha’s head with a laugh.
“No, silly. Not yet. Plus, you only need a wand and a few other things for that. Can you help me with something? I want to offer Yelroan a job at my inn. Can you tell him there’ll be free room and board and maybe some of the Gnolls can make a living in Liscor or north? So—”
She hesitated. And the words caught on her tongue. Erin lifted a finger as Mrsha excitedly began to write and Lyonette looked concerned at this unknown Gnoll.
“Wait. Tell you what, Mrsha? Give me an hour. I need to work up a proper job offer. With numbers and everything.”
An actual job offer? Mrsha went tumbling down the hill in surprise. Erin sighed. Lyonette put her hands on her hips, but she was actually smiling.
“And how are we supposed to attract all the talent that even a Walled City wants, Erin?”
Chaldion was watching her. Erin blew him a kiss and winked. She looked at Lyonette and then gestured around.
“Tell him…I’ll do this for him. Tell him we’ve got a laptop and more math than he could ever dream of. Hexel will need help, and there’s trigonometry and algorithms and logarithmic numbers. But most of all? Tell him that I think we could do a lot of good here. I want…”
 
——
 
…to send people to help anyone in need. But she needs your help. Please say yes. 
—Mrsha
 
Yelroan looked at the [Message], then turned back to the scrying orb replaying the [Innkeeper] making a [Knight] out of someone. He thought of a laptop and…began to write his refusal. He was so busy trying to word it right that he didn’t notice Merish was there until the Gnoll read over his shoulder.
“Dear Mrsha, I’m afraid that I cannot in good conscience leave Merish and the others while—hrr. I see.”
Yelroan jumped. Merish calmly picked up the piece of paper and tore it in half.
“Merish!”
“You should think about it. If not there—then Pallass, or anywhere you always said you wanted to go.”
The other Gnoll looked tired. The new [Chieftain] met the [Mathematician]’s gaze, and Yelroan shook his head. But guiltily.
“I don’t—I cannot leave the tribe, Merish. You’re going to need someone helping you out.”
If he left, who would be there? But Merish just took a seat.
“A lot of the other tribes are willing to take some Plain’s Eye Gnolls who weren’t part of the Doomslayers and had no notion of anything. The ones who follow me will know what I’m getting into. It will be a hard winter. But I have spoken to Chieftain Akrisa, Chieftain Feshi—they are far kinder than they need to be. Do you know, Yelroan, what Silverfang did nearly two decades ago?”
“They sent Gnolls to Liscor. To earn gold.”
Yelroan spoke slowly. Merish nodded.
