9.07
Page 36
“No one fellow could do that, I’m afraid, Miss Solstice. Not even Wilovan, and you know he’s a true gent. I hate to say it—but I’m not your man to go find a [Witch]. Aside from a lack of decorum…we’re not able to assure her safety, as it were.”
For a moment, Normen saw Crimshaw tangled with a dozen Gnolls in the doorway of the inn. He tugged his hat down.
“…A fellow does the best he can. But I’m afraid I’m no Gold-rank adventurer.”
Erin nodded slowly, her eyes on Normen. Then the same Drake, Menolit, broke in.
“There is someone who could help protect most of the Gnolls in this tribe. At least, if they stuck to one place. Not all of them, obviously, but eliminate big threats, help with issues like cold—everything. The full affair.”
“Who?”
“Saliss of Lights. He’s not called Pallass’ one-Drake army for nothing.”
Erin frowned.
“I have literally never heard him called that. But yeah—he could probably blow up any monster he wanted. Or melt them. I saw him fighting Frost Wyverns.”
“Exactly. You want someone who can solve an entire, uh…tribe’s problems? Saliss of Lights. Or—an Archmage. Get Archmage Eldavin to teleport everyone to safety, build them a city, and reinvent a lost magic over breakfast!”
Menolit was warming to his theme. He gave Erin a side-eye.
“Saliss is back in Pallass. Think you might call him up?”
Everyone turned to the [Innkeeper] expectantly, and Erin just sighed.
“…I don’t give friends orders. The Horns could do that too. They’re not gonna do guard-duty for a few months if I ask.”
“Okay—what about a certain Fraerling that I heard plays chess with you?”
“Who? How do you—”
Menolit rolled his eyes. Everyone and their sister knew the Titan’s students were visiting Erin’s inn. Had Erin not remembered that Venaz had presented the Titan’s gift well within view of the walls?
“There’s about a few thousand Centaurs running around the Great Plains. They’re bound to be good at guard-duty. So—”
Ask the Titan of Baleros for help. Normen knew civilians asked for big favors. On the streets, any favor you got was one you could repay, and you would repay it. It was mind-boggling to him to even suggest. You’d get laughed at if you went to another gang and asked for something like that—or you’d receive a shiv in the ribs.
Erin seemed to have the same opinion.
“I’m not doing that. There’s a difference between…asking for help and getting armies to march around. That’s not a favor, that’s a relationship.”
Menolit was getting exasperated. Normen could not know it, but the Drake was a regular of Erin’s inn, and he had known Erin almost as long as most of her customers.
“Well, that’s sort of how business works, Erin. Didn’t you organize the Watch to help fight the Raskghar?”
“Yep. And I got adventurers too. Because it was a common threat. Menolit, the difference is simple. It’s like—Chaldion. Let’s pretend this is Chaldion, not Niers. Everyone knows Chaldion, right? Yay tall, has a cane, one eye?”
Erin indicated the air, and everyone agreed that they personally knew Chaldion and played chess with him all the time as if that were a natural thing.
Crazy Human. The [Spies] were really listening here, and not just in a professional capacity. Erin laid out her Chaldion-themed view of people.
“Chaldion—he’s fun. Sometimes. He’s definitely smart, and you know, if he wants something done, it gets done. Armies? He can probably mobilize a lot of Pallass. The thing about Chaldion is that…you don’t want to give him everything.”
“Why not?”
Menolit sort of got her perspective, but he was craning his neck around, trying to understand. Erin threw up her hands.
