9.07
Page 37
“Because he’s Chaldion! You give him a Wand of [Sparks] and he’ll burn down someone’s house with it! He does…mean things in Pallass’ service. Even I get that. When I ask Chaldion for help—if I do—it’s always something he and I both want. Like less Raskghar eating people. But I don’t ask him for favors. And if he does something, it’s because he thinks he’ll get something out of it. He does everything like a chess game. Only moves that help him come out ahead. I would rather give…uh…Magnolia Reinhart a magical fortress’ coordinates than Chaldion. At least there’s an outside chance she’d use it for more than just Pallass’ benefit.”
My goodness me. Lormel mouthed the words as everyone listened to Erin’s spiel. Some of the spies of a certain Drake persuasion who were reporting to the Walled Cities were alternatively amused or nervous.
Especially because a certain [Strategist] was going to hear this. Erin was too annoyed to care. She poked her palm with one finger.
“I know this. Why do you think I don’t invite Chaldion over to play chess every other day, even though he’s the only expert within walking distance? I can’t even talk about my bisque without worrying he’ll turn all of Pallass into bisque-city.”
That one made no sense, but Menolit protested.
“Hey, I’m a Liscorian kid, but even I know the Grand Strategist’s saved the cities more times than I can count. What has he ever done to you, specifically?”
Erin gave Menolit a mildly outraged look.
“Nothing. He’s always nice and polite and helpful.”
“So…”
“So what? I don’t need to see him doing bad things to me. I can see the other things he does. The next time you see Chaldion? Any of you. Look in his eyes. Eye. After every Wyvern in the world attacked Pallass, he looked like he was coming to my inn for drinks. He doesn’t blink. I don’t trust him. I don’t want to be in debt to Chaldion, or the Titan, or even Altestiel or Ilvriss. But I also need…”
Erin rested her head on the counter.
“…more employees.”
Ah. Normen felt like this was the moment when a lot of observers captured the duality of Erin Solstice. The ability to read a Grand Strategist and the inability to hire someone to clean the dishes. Erin stared down at the counter and then around the Mage’s Guild. She looked at Mrsha, and the Gnoll girl had an exasperated look on her face. Erin blinked at Mrsha, and her face turned suddenly rueful.
“This is me, again. Isn’t it?”
Mrsha hesitated as she wrote a scathing critique. She peered up at the [Innkeeper] as Erin looked around, and it was familiar.
Her breathing was too fast, even if she was burning energy by standing. She felt…harried. A bit frantic. The walls were closing in—and Erin felt like she had a while back.
In Invrisil, to be precise, in a fancy restaurant as a bunch of [Actors] and everyone threw her a big party. Or at the Christmas party, trying to keep things together.
She was fighting off the panic attack, but it was coming upon her when she thought of the things she not only did not want to do—but felt she wasn’t qualified for. This was why she was an [Innkeeper]. She wanted to help that poor Yelroan fellow; she needed to find Nanette.
But not like this. Yet Erin knew that if she ran away, if she went back and invented some kind of Spell Soufflé—she would only be solving part of her problems. She could not go back to the way things were. Erin stared down at Mrsha, writing on a card as she stood on two legs instead of scampering about. Mrsha had even put on her kilt to go into the city.
