9.07
Page 42
The Clairei Knight spoke nervously. Dame Thuile raised her shield—right as a squad of [Guards] came skidding around the corner. She whirled as a Drake came barreling at her.
“Relc kiiiiiiick—oh shit.”
He broke off the kick, dodged back as she whirled the mace at him. The Thirsting Veil Knight looked at Relc, the Watch, and then did two things. He kicked Dame Thuile in the back of the knees so she went over and raised his hands.
“Enough! This is a mistake. We yield. Let us talk civilly, and if you say one more word, Dame Thuile, I will have you shipped back to Ailendamus in a rowboat.”
His voice was authoritative enough to stop everyone for a second. The [Guards] halted, and even Relc lowered his spear as Normen felt Thuile’s Skill on him break. Dame Thuile froze, and the [Knight Captain] removed his helmet as Erin approached, still waving the jar of acid.
“I apologize to the Watch of this city, as well as the Thronebearer of Calanfer and you, Miss Solstice. And to your…protector.”
He eyed Normen as the Brother scrambled up. Normen looked at the other [Knight] and, head lowered, fell back behind Erin.
“Who are you and why are you after me?”
Erin demanded hotly as the adventurers who had been after her caught up, saw the Watch, and decided to make a tactical retreat. It was Ser Solton who replied.
“We are the [Knights] who were—formerly—part of the Chandrarian crusade against Khelt, Miss Solstice. We were also present at the Meeting of Tribes and have ridden north at best speed to make it to Liscor. Some of us are heading home. Others—”
He nodded to the Knight of the Clairei Fields.
“—Have joined us on this mission of diplomacy.”
He glared at Dame Thuile.
“The Order of the Hydra does not act for all of us. Our young associate is impetuous, and we will pay any fines necessary.”
“Ooh. Good. Fines. Hey, someone tell Watch Captain Z to levy a bunch of fines!”
Relc rubbed his claws. Ser Solton turned to Erin.
“Miss Solstice. Would you please lower that…weapon? We have, in fact, only come here to approach you about a certain matter of [Knights] that we thought you could answer.”
“Me? Knights? Normen, are you alright?”
“Nothing’s broken. A day’s rest will do me good, Miss Erin. Sorry to let you down.”
The Brother muttered. Erin glanced at him and glowered, but Ser Solton offered a healing potion and his bag of holding.
“We will repay any injuries, Miss Solstice. Ailendamus and Calanfer are at war. Dame Thuile was acting as most [Knights] do. On Terandria.”
He sighed.
“…I am just going to say this before we’re arrested or cause more trouble. Innkeeper Erin Solstice. Do you know or are you a member or associate of the ‘Order of the Solstice’, of whose members include the renowned Ser Solstice, the Goblin Slayer of Izril and Lightherald’s replacement in the Dawn Concordat’s war with Ailendamus? We would dearly like to meet a new Knight-Order and inquire into some of their codes of conduct regarding chivalry in battle and their inception as an Order.”
And then it came full circle. Ceria Springwalker skidded to a halt with the other three Thronebearers, Lyonette, and a very wrathful Numbtongue. She stared at the four [Knights] and recognized Dame Thuile from the boat.
Dame Thuile, of the Order of the Hydra, who had had contact with the famous Ser Solstice of Izril and heard tales of the Order of Solstice.
