9.07
Page 48
The Clairei Knight looked bewildered, but Ser Lormel, one of the experts in all things not related to combat, explained to a fascinated audience.
“Ser Lotorghast is correct and incorrect that a Knight Order requires a hundred members to form in Terandria. That bar was actually raised after the Order of the Hydra was formed. But the authority of [Knights] in Terandria, is, well, Terandrian. The number is less in Izril, hence the Knights of the Petal containing far fewer members when they were incepted.”
Ser Sest nodded, taking up the explanation with visible excitement.
“Meaning that unlike Terandria, where the bar was raised to two hundred independent [Knight-Errants] or [Knights] of other orders, or Izril or Baleros or Rhir, where different dispensation was needed, Chandrar maintained that only enough [Knights] in good standing needed to pledge to form an Order as there were Shield Kingdoms. Symbolically, that was still dozens in antiquity. Now?”
Ser Solton spoke slowly.
“Four. Plus one leadership role.”
Erin’s eyes glittered as all the other [Knights] turned to her. Thuile was protesting.
“You cannot invoke a Chandrarian chapter of [Knights]! You are on Izril.”
“So? A [Knight] Order can be convened anywhere with enough authority.”
“You are not affiliated with Chandrar! I happen to know a crusade is more than a word. I was just part of one!”
Thuile hammered a fist on the table, flushing with outrage. Erin Solstice put her hands on the table.
“Oh yeah? Well, I was friends with a number of [Knights] of Chandrar. Virtue Familaris allows me to invoke the crusade.”
“That’s ridiculous! You can’t call a crusade! That’s not…”
Erin’s eyes stilled Thuile’s tongue in her mouth.
“Not on Terandria. Not now. In the old days, when [Paladins] were an arm of [Knights], it was fair. The Crusaders of the Dawn Patrol were founded by a dozen [Knights] determined to fight against fangs in the darkness. They became so famous they fought across Rhir and every continent in existence. My friends are [Knights] of Chandrar. They are dead—but don’t you dare deny they were [Knights].”
The truth spells shone bright and clear with honesty as Erin jabbed a finger at Thuile, who leaned back each time.
“Who are they?”
Erin turned and fixed Lotorghast with a stare.
“You don’t get to know their names. Not right now. You came here demanding to call Ser Solstice a fake. Well, he has all the requirements to declare he’s part of an Order, and once three more [Knights] join, it will be real.”
“You have no headquarters, no armory, no squires nor livery nor anything else. An Order in name is but an idea, Miss Solstice.”
Ser Solton spoke kindly, but thoughtfully. Erin gestured around the inn.
“This is all the base they’ll need. Drinks are free for members of the Order of Solstice. As for an armory—they can buy armor. Weapons. Actually—Mrsha, didn’t you say you knew someone who made that Demas Metal stuff? Let’s get a suit of armor and ship it all the way to Terandria!”
Mrsha hesitated. Could she get Mrell to…? Yeah, she nodded thoughtfully.
She could probably do that. And it’d be one of the few actually useful things that he did. The [Knights] were hesitating, but now Erin was aglow.
Literally. She clenched her fists as pink fire burned on her palms. Glory. She was lying…but with the truth.
Bird realized how deep his class was as he beheld a master at work. A real, true genius did not lie, but made lies a reality.
