9.07
Page 4
They spoke, now that they were far enough from the guests to not wake them up. Alcaz shook his head.
“I fear I upset that Bird fellow. He was in a bit of a spot when I came into his tower, demanding to know if I was, er—fornicating with the woodwork?”
“Mildly hilarious, Alcaz.”
“I almost shat myself trying not to laugh, Normen.”
They smiled, because that was funnier than laughing. Then Normen began to lift. And he did enjoy that.
Dumbbells, bench press, deadlift station, and—Grimalkin kept trying to add more features, like some kind of compress for your legs and stretching bands. He hadn’t worked out how to copy some of the things he had been told about, but what he did have?
“I feel like I’ve gotten stronger. Maybe it’s my balance. I started at barely a hundred and sixty, you remember?”
Normen panted as he pressed the bar straight up, and Alcaz held one hand under the bar as he worked the other arm with a dumbbell. The other Brother raised his brows.
“Lack of balance.”
“Right you are—but even so.”
He was now up to two thirty-five, and he felt like he wasn’t at his ‘max’. He could do fifteen, though he had to stop after eight and then do them in smaller bursts. Sweat was already beading on his forehead as he switched stations.
“Ah—wait a moment.”
Erin Solstice was not in gym-management. But even she had begun remembering habits and routines from home. Alcaz caught Normen, and the Brother decided this was a day for embarrassment; he’d almost forgotten to wipe down the sweaty bench.
“Next—how do you do the plank-thing? I put my arms here—my legs here…”
Normen balanced over the two blocks as Alcaz offered to put some weights on his back. The other man refused—but he might accept in a week.
He felt like these weights were onto something. Every Brother, even the tricky ones, could move a knife fast and hard, but most, save for Wilovan, didn’t show their sometimes-surprising strength. Crimshaw had appeared to be a normal fellow, though his bulky jacket had gone some way to making him seem less formidable than he was.
Alcaz…felt like he was on a path towards defining his arms and legs and the alleged ‘core’ of which Grimalkin had so much praise for. Then again—the food also helped.
Consider why the other Brothers were envious when Normen described his lifestyle. After some light paranoid reconnaissance, he worked out for thirty minutes to an hour in the pre-dawn air. He might go to the bathroom, then for a walk around the inn, mostly just to take in the fresh air.
A fellow could rinse himself off with the well outside or schedule a trip to the bath houses later that evening. Yet just as he was getting hungry, the other occupants of the inn were up and there was breakfast.
“Normen, Alcaz? You’re up? Of course you’re up. Would you like to try Erin’s Bulkup Bisque? She just made it yesterday.”
Both Brothers looked up, and instead of a hearty breakfast of regular food, they found two delightfully-smelling bisques in front of them.
They had not known the inn’s poorer cooking, and Lyonette’s look of reservation was completely unfounded. One bite and Alcaz was trying not to move his spoon too fast.
“This—this is exquisite for breakfast, Miss Lyonette. Is this truly alright for us to have?”
The [Princess] was astonished.
“You’re employees, so naturally! Also, we need a test-crowd, and I saw you two in the gym.”
“Oh, if we were—”
“No, I was hoping you might tell me how effective this is! It’s supposed to make you stronger. It’s not…bad, is it? It’s mostly meat.”
“What kind?”
