9.07
Page 6
“Would you? Oh—and if you’re going, can you send this? Today’s the day we get the door back. The City Council has a secretary at—”
“City Hall. Shivertail Plaza. I will be back in ten minutes.”
“Take your time—”
Alcaz was gone already. Normen settled back as Erin rolled over to a table and began tickling Mrsha. This was their job, so he listened with one ear as she spoke.
“I’ve gotta go to the [Healer]’s for exercises again, but I’m gonna help get the door back! What else? Is—is Pisces still up?”
“I think I saw him go to bed as I was waking, Miss Erin.”
Normen spoke up, and the [Innkeeper] shot him a relieved smile.
“That’s great. I’m—that’s good. Well after that, the Mage’s Guild. I wanna check up on Antherr!”
Every day, Erin Solstice made sure the Antinium on his way back from the Great Plains was still alright. Lyonette fussed about as she made Mrsha wear a bib, then served them some regular breakfast.
With a big salad for Mrsha, who instantly pointed an accusatory fork at a sausage that the Thronebearers each got.
“You get half of one and your eggs. Just eat your salad—don’t you put it in your bag of holding, Miss. I’ll be checking!”
Mrsha groaned and then took a huge mouthful of greens. Normen watched as she stared at Lyonette’s back, then scampered over to the wall. She spat into the Garden of Sanctuary and then innocently went back to her plate.
“Gross, Mrsha. Lyonette’s just trying to keep you healthy. Whaddya mean, starving you? When I was a kid, my mom made me eat veggies each and every day. That’s how you get big and strong!”
Mrsha peered at Erin. Then she turned to Numbtongue eating a decidedly green-free meal, aside from himself, of course. She held up a card, and the Hob read.
“…Nope. Sewer rats. Bad food. You want to get strong? Just grow.”
He slapped his chest, and Mrsha looked at the ill-fed Numbtongue, who was over six feet tall, a Redfang in his prime, to Erin, who was…shorter. The [Innkeeper] threw up her hands.
“Fine! Don’t listen to me! Let’s see how tough you are—waitaminute.”
She realized she’d fallen into her own logical trap as Mrsha, conscientious of Erin’s slow recovery from her injuries, shoved the rest of her greens onto Erin’s plate.
Normen was smiling as they finished breakfast. Not that he was purely eavesdropping—he had a book on the Antinium Wars, and he was reading it.
If a fellow were going to stay at the inn, he felt like he should have some proper learning. Words weren’t as familiar to him written down, but he’d been listening to Mrsha take lessons.
“Alright, I’m ready for my exercises! Yay. Who am I going with? Numbtongue, wanna play some music while I work out?”
Resigned, Erin looked around, and Ser Dalimont nodded at Normen, who was already getting up to wheel Erin to her destination. That was a good job, an important job.
Numbtongue was a third bodyguard, but this time, he hesitated.
“I’m sort of busy today.”
“Doing what?”
The Hobgoblin hesitated again and then pointed to a rare breakfaster who’d joined them. Octavia Cotton paused on her way back to her shop.
“I’m—just working on some alchemical stuff. And Numbtongue’s keeping me company.”
“Working on her personal ballad.”
The [Bard] spoke helpfully. Erin frowned as Normen affected a straight face. The [Innkeeper] frowned at the [Alchemist] and Goblin. Numbtongue was straight-faced, but Octavia was avoiding Lyonette peeking out of the kitchen and Mrsha shaking her head.
“Hmm. Hmmmmm. Hmmmmmmmm.”
Erin Solstice stared at Octavia and then at Numbtongue. She frowned…then blew out her cheeks.
