9.07
Page 41
“Dame Thuile. This is not the time for a duel. We are on the affairs of our Orders. Stand down.”
The Haggle-Knight spoke sharply, and the woman hesitated. The other figure on foot wearing the black armor of the Thirsting Veil spoke sharply.
“As [Knight Captain], I order you to stand down, Dame Thuile. My rank supercedes yours abroad.”
“Yes, Ser Lotorghast.”
The [Knight] lowered her mace, and the four [Knights] approached.
“Miss Erin Solstice? We would like to speak to you urgently. I realize this is quite inopportune, but may we have a brief word?”
The Haggle-Knight smiled. Erin stared at his chestplate. Mrsha backed behind her as Normen put out an arm.
“Back up, sirs and madam. Miss Solstice is busy.”
His temper was already up. Normen’s fingers curled around his club’s hilt. The Hydra Knight recoiled from him.
“I espie a brigand of some sorts. My Skill detects it. Stand down, whomever you are.”
Ser Solton pinched at the bridge of his nose. But Normen just reached up with his other hand and tore off his hat.
“I said, back up or you’ll find yourself staring at the sky. This is not a moment to test my patience.”
His hat was upon the ground. The Clairei Knight knew what that meant and went for his sword. But the Hydra Knight just stared at Normen—then she went for her mace.
She was fast. They both came up with mace and club as fast. Normen swung.
[Brute’s Swing]. A blow like someone swinging a bat, straight for the face. The [Knight] shoved an arm up and knocked his swing wide. She slid in, as if she were skating across ice.
[Shoulder Ram’s Charge]. Normen ate it as he tried to move back, stumbling. He stepped in with a roar.
[Flash Blow]! His club smacked the knight across the head, and she stumbled. The faintest of dents—
Then her mace swung into his side, blindingly fast. Normen felt a blinding surge of pain.
“—[Willow’s Counter].”
He was down and trying to get up when she pointed at him.
“[The Defeated Lie Still].”
She was…over Level 30. Even without the armor, there was a cut to her moves from the way she’d shoulder-charged into him like that to start the fight.
He’d never seen a [Knight] do that, nor use a counter-Skill. He didn’t think they had that. Even the Clairei Knight looked astonished.
“Dame Thuile. Enough.”
The Thirsting Veil Knight looked upset at his impetuous comrade’s actions. He turned—and Ser Lormel was hurrying Erin down the street.
“Halt!”
Thuile charged after Lormel, clearly hoping he’d turn and fight. The Thronebearer whirled around. He raised his shield—and then began slamming the hilt of his sword into it.
“Help! Rogue [Knights] on the streets! Summon the Watch!”
“Oh dead gods.”
Ser Solton moaned. Ser Lormel backed up, still shouting, as the [Knights] halted. Normen, lying still, unable to move, saw Dame Thuile hesitate. Lormel backed up, the perfect choice to block the [Knights] while he got his ward to safety and the Watch stopped them.
Unfortunately, he made one mistake. He’d stopped dragging Erin away. The [Knights] were trying to call out this was all a mistake when Dame Thuile swore.
“Ser Lotorghast!”
She flipped her mace up and deflected the spinning frying pan. It clattered to the ground, and Ser Solton stared at it.
“Is that a frying pan?”
“My arm!”
Erin Solstice screamed as she grabbed at it. Then she pulled a glowing green jar out of her bag of holding.
“Let go of Normen or I’ll melt your faces.”
Normen really, really hoped she didn’t throw that. The [Knights] froze.
“Did anyone else’s [Dangersense] just go off? I think we’re getting off to the wrong start.”
