9.07
Page 3
He wasn’t a [Rogue]. Countering invisible foes was a hard, hard job. But Alcaz had a few tricks he’d shared with Normen.
They couldn’t use Seeme Dust or other expensive tools the Brothers would employ—not for long-term guard-duty. But a bit of dust just so meant that you could see it land where you sprinkled.
If someone were under the bed, for instance, even if they had a cloth mask so they didn’t sneeze, Normen might see the tiny bits of copper and silver mixed with the dust vanish or drift onto the invisible figure. Whereupon his foot would then connect with whomever was down there.
Was it necessary? Well—no. After four rooms, one of the Thronebearers emerged from a room she was checking and nearly ran into him.
“Oh, Miss Ushar.”
“Er—Ser Normen. Are you—checking rooms?”
“I…might have been insofar as I was having a walk about, miss.”
Embarrassed, the Brother tipped his hat, and the Thronebearer, Dame Ushar, gave a knightly bow. Both looked slightly askance—it was unprofessional to be caught out.
“What’re you using?”
“Just—grit and metal dust.”
“Oh. We have anti-invisibility charms, and we’ve been employing dust. Are you the reason why our [Trigger Runes] record recognized visits each day? We thought that was Shriekblade.”
Normen was entirely embarrassed. He hadn’t even seen the runes that Dame Ushar showed him. Not hidden in the doorjamb or anywhere on the floor, which he would have guessed. She flipped up a floorboard and showed him one written on the underside.
“That is—amazing work, Miss—I mean, Dame Ushar. I didn’t even notice it was altered. Do they teach magic to [Knights]?”
“More like runecraft for the purposes of defense. Each squad assigned to bodyguard has one magic-capable member. That’s me. We do still use dust, and we check glass for prints. But, er, if you are using silver, you may wish to switch to ground copper.”
“Why?”
“One of the guests—Miss Fierre—was complaining. Apparently, she is slightly, um, allergic because of an alchemical makeup she uses.”
“Oh. I see. Well, I shall tell my colleague, Alcaz.”
“If you wish to keep checking—”
Normen tipped his hat slightly and bowed.
“I can see when I’m outclassed, Dame Ushar. If I were one of the trickier fellows—I am not.”
The Thronebearers were good. Better than he was, and that embarrassed Normen to no end. He began to see why the Gentlemen Callers had encountered such difficulty.
They were not bodyguard experts. The Thronebearers were. Mind you—if it came to a fight, Normen would take the Hobgoblins over any one of the [Knights]. But if they were guarding the inn, what was his job?
He might have agonized, like Wilovan and Ratici, but Normen and Alcaz’s relationship was different. They were hired. They were—in no small way—part of the inn, not on contract.
Besides, Normen had found he had a lot to do day-by-day. So he decided he might do less rigorous sweeps per day as he headed down to the next part of his new routine.
And this—this was something the other Brothers had pestered Normen to get them. He was still in contact with his friends. There were a few, uh…in Liscor now, and he’d heard some might be heading south.
Which was an interesting development any [Guardsman] or Watch Captain would be really, really unhappy to hear about. But even the Brothers were in envy of one thing that Normen and Alcaz now had free access to:
The weights room.
Grimalkin had made a manual with pictures depicting how to use each set of weights after a few injuries. Alcaz was doing deadlifts as Normen strolled in and removed his jacket.
“Did you run into the [Knights] as well?”
