9.07
Page 11
Grimalkin sighed slightly, but it was drowned out by the raucous cheering. The [Innkeeper] turned and wiped at her eyes. Mrsha threw up her arms, then tackled Erin and took her down, but the [Innkeeper] got right back up.
Beware.
In her office, Watch Captain Zevara got a slight chill on her scales as a [Guard] ran a message up to her. She read the note, then spoke as she folded her claws.
“I think we’re getting a bit poetic with our code phrases. Just…let me know what she does.”
The note read:
Chaos walks.
 
——
 
Chaos danced. It was never really boring in The Wandering Inn, was it? Relc came running into the inn with a huge smile on his face.
He was just in time to see Erin twirl across the room. She was doing an improvised dance—and so was Bird.
“I can walk! Relc! Look! No, don’t laugh—”
“Yay! Everyone’s happy. Do the Bird dance!”
The Bird dance was Bird waving all four arms in a semi-rhythmic fashion while spinning around in circles while walking. It was fairly hypnotic.
Mrsha was flailing about with excitement, but Erin had to stop after a second.
“Whew. I can feel that. I don’t think I’m doing any backflips right now. But look! No wheels! Take that!”
She kicked her wheelchair and then hopped on one leg. But the beaming smile never left her face. Relc grabbed Erin in a one-armed hug and laughed. Tessa poked her head out of the rafters as Klbkch followed him in—then Selys—then…
“Magic solves everything. See?”
Tessa looked around for someone to vouchsafe this to, but the [Necromancer] was still asleep, and the Hob wasn’t here. So she went back to sleep.
 
——
 
Now that really did feel like a return to form. When Ceria Springwalker heard Erin was walking, she smiled broadly.
But she couldn’t rush back to the inn just right now. The half-Elf sat back in the private backrooms of the Adventurer’s Guild. However, unlike other times, this was not a Gold-rank only area.
There were Silver-rank teams here, or rather, Captains. And of the Gold-ranks, only the ones who’d been on the raid or their proxies, including specially-warded scrying orbs, were present.
There were only three that the adventurers trusted to be even remotely secure enough to keep everyone from eavesdropping. Even then—
“Hi, Wistram. Remember me? You charged me eight silver coins for a [Message] spell your [Mages] ‘lost’. Where’s my money?”
Earlia peered into one of the scrying orbs, glowering as she hefted her warhammer threateningly. A voice echoed from the scrying orb.
“…Will someone get this idiot out of the way?”
Prince Zenol’s glower made Earlia blush. But yes, everyone did assume Wistram was watching. Come to that—Ceria eyed the Captains here.
Some, like Anith, were decent Silver-rankers who could keep their mouths shut. But their teams? Even Levil of Pithfire Hounds had talkative members. Ceria thought of her team, the original Horns, and wondered how long the details of this meeting would remain private.
“Hey, everyone. I’ve got some good news, so let’s get this over with. Settle down! This won’t take long. The arguing will.”
The other Captains turned as Ceria waved. She was still eating. She’d taken a bunch of kettle-chips with an entire basket of sauces and a drink to keep lubricated.
She was so casual. But perhaps that was how Ceria had wrangled any kind of agreement out of yesterday—and so quickly too.
Then again…
 
——
 
Typhenous was the representative of Griffon Hunt. His team was with Emperor Laken on guard-duty. They had debated heading to the Gnoll Plains, but Halrac, the veteran [Soldier], had made a simple call.
