9.07
Page 19
Half the guests exclaimed. Erin showed the letter around. It was brief, but Ryoka explained she’d been incarcerated and was on her way back to Izril and how were things?
Classic Ryoka. Erin sighed in relief. Then she remembered something else.
“Rabbiteater!”
She shouted in Selys’ face as the Drake went to read the letter. Selys nearly slapped her.
“Erin! What about him?”
“Wh-what happened to Rabbiteater? I mean…Ser Solstice.”
Most of the adventurers didn’t know who Rabbiteater was, but the second name caused a lot of surprise. Levil nearly choked on his food.
“I don’t know who that other one is—but do you mean, Ser Solstice, the [Knight]? The new Lightherald of Calanfer?”
Erin’s mouth opened and continued to open as two-thirds of the inn instantly recognized the name and turned to her.
“No, I mean, my friend. Wait, is it the same Rabbiteater? He’s a—”
There was no time for anyone to stop her. Numbtongue, emerging from Octavia’s shop with the [Alchemist] in tow to figure out what the hell was going on, began to shout. But he was saved by the power of Ulvama.
The [Shaman] turned, saw Numbtongue’s expression, and then delicately, swiftly, and deliberately tossed her entire mug into Erin’s face. The [Innkeeper]’s splutter and ensuing shouting was enough time for Numbtongue to get over.
“Hey! Why did you do that—Ulvama?”
Erin glared. The [Shaman] stared at Erin.
“Acid bug on your face? I need another drink.”
She handed Ishkr her empty mug and took one off of Silveran’s tray. Erin was about to shout in confusion and anger when Numbtongue dragged her aside. Erin’s eyes went progressively rounder until she raised her head.
“There is no way. Does anyone have a recording of—what battles did you say he was in?”
Levil nodded eagerly.
“There’s an entire documentary. No, wait. What did Wistram say they were selling? A film of the war. You buy this memory crystal you can use with their cheap scrying orbs…hey, Ceria. Can I get an advance on my share? I’ll buy it all!”
Erin was glad for the commotion and recap. She had to sit down again.
“Rabbiteater’s a hero? No way.”
It wasn’t him being heroic that was so astonishing. Just—she hadn’t known about it. And she had thought she knew a lot of what happened.
Her friends, around the world. Erin suddenly looked up and found Alcaz trying to see if the bisque had fully worn off by now.
“I have to send him a [Message]. I hope he’s alright. Everyone—keep partying! I need a bath.”
Lyonette sighed.
“We can draw some water from the well later, Erin. It’ll take too long right now.”
“Darn. We need plumbing! And a bathroom! At least a towel. I’m sticky.”
Pisces pointed a finger at Erin.
“[Cleanse].”
Some of the sticky mead vanished from Erin’s clothing, and she sighed in relief. Pisces sniffed.
“As you can see, it is entirely effective in keeping oneself clean—”
Erin threw up her hands. But she was laughing.
 
——
 
The Bulkup Bisque had an effective duration of four hours. It wore off in the last thirty minutes. It also seemed like it shielded the users from some of the effects of their exertions.
At least, Normen and Alcaz claimed to feel a bit sore, but nothing to trouble anyone over.
Erin? She sat down abruptly in her wheelchair and then began yelping.
“Ow. Ow. Ouch, what’s—”
Within five minutes she was grabbing a healing potion. She took one huge gulp.
“Argh! My body is killing me!”
The potion reduced the pain at once, and Erin relaxed—then realized she couldn’t stand up again.
“Damn! The bisque wore off!”
“…I assume that sentence made sense to someone else?”
Yvlon looked around. Erin groaned.
