9.07
Page 39
Normen’s head spun despite himself. Erin Solstice blinked once, then her scowl deepened.
“No. I told you—I don’t know you. You need to be…”
She struggled for a word.
“…worthy.”
Captain Derros’s brows shot together. Now he began to look annoyed.
“See here, Miss. We’re a Gold-rank team. Do we need to prove our worthiness somehow?”
“No, I meant trustworthy! Ethically worthy! Not a bad person!”
“We do plenty of charitable cases. Ask anyone—The Axe Brigade is a long-established team which takes in criminal classes and reforms ‘em. We’ve got twenty trainees all ranked Silver and more in Bronze-rank. If you want our history—”
“No! Mrsha, come here. Let’s go back to the inn.”
Erin tried to back away—but the Gold-rank team was in the doorway. She was circling around them when a second team burst into the Guild.
“Wait! Whatever Derros’s offering you, we can match it!”
Another adventurer that Erin had never met before threw out her hand dramatically. She had…makeup? No, something closer to exaggerated face-paint, and her clothes were colorful and flashy.
“The [Fools] of Fortune have arrived! To bid on a quest!”
Mrsha’s jaw dropped. Derros instantly swung a fist at the [Fool].
“You Silver-rank idiots. Get away from—oh shit.”
It was a cuffing blow meant to miss, but somehow the woman walked straight into the fist. It sent her sprawling to the ground, and three figures running after her tripped up on her and went sprawling to the ground.
“My face! He’s broken my face!”
The [Fool] screamed. Derros swore as he reached for a potion.
“That was an accident! Don’t call the Watch—”
He was offering the potion when the [Fool] sprang up.
“Aha! Acting! I auditioned for the Players of Celum, Miss Solstice! Even a Gold-rank team can be laid low! Give us the chance the Players of Celum never did, I beg you!”
She swept a leg, and Derros landed on his back. The [Fool] put a foot on his chest and then fled backwards as The Axe Brigade turned on them.
Erin’s mouth was still open. Mrsha was applauding her new favorite team. Most of the Mage’s Guild was chuckling now, watching the chaos. Menolit was whispering to the [Mage] on duty.
“Five silver says your guild explodes somehow. Chair, window, entire thing. Give me six-to-one odds. It’s good money for you, but I’ve won…twice.”
Erin backed away from the [Fool], running from Derros and his team as they tried to get to Erin. It was funny for everyone—
Except Normen and Alcaz. Lormel too, but he didn’t recognize the Fools of Fortune.
Normen did. He recognized folks from the street when they walked in, and this Silver-rank team might not have enchanted blades on par with The Axe Brigade—but Normen was sweating.
Knife-fighters. They could gut you from chin to groin in a flash.
“The fucking Parade gang’s members. Back off.”
Alcaz hissed, his blade half out as he thrust a palm out. One of the [Fools] laughed.
“Oh—whoops. Brothers! Shh! Don’t alarm the civilians! We’re reformed! We quit!”
Parade was like the Assassin’s Guild—but a lot less covert. There was nothing quite as nasty as a bunch of [Fools] laughing and dancing down the street suddenly surrounding you and knifing you two dozen times before pretending you’d ‘fallen down’. They didn’t hold territory—gangs hired them to off each other.
Mrsha stopped looking excited and backed off as her sharp ears caught the whispers. The [Fools] and Gold-rank adventurers were still trying to get to Erin.
“Out the back doors. This way, Miss Solstice.”
