9.07
Page 1
So, no. He wasn’t ready to fall blissfully into rest. Pisces was going to be shorter on sleep than before. For a while. Yet the [Necromancer] was already trying to figure out how to tell his friends what had happened.
And he would. If only because, at the end of their talks, as Pisces demanded to know who had killed Cawe, Erin had turned to him and made him a promise.
“It’s the kind of thing where the more people who know, the more dangerous it is. The kind of secret that hurts people. Once you reach Level 50—I’ll let you know.”
Only she could be so…upliftingly aggravating. Pisces snorted as he took a light sip from the Faerie Flower drink. That seemed to bring memory clear, but not take him into visions or delusions.
“Level 50. She says that as if I will reach it within a decade. One supposes I have been holding myself back from levelling purely by inclination. She says it—”
He ducked his head.
…With that aggravating surety in her gaze. Just when you thought she didn’t trust you or was supporting you in your fallibility—she looked as confident as the rising sun that he’d do it.
The [Necromancer] rubbed at his eyes as the first rays of light fell over him. Dawn. The earliest risers would be getting up. He saw a few birds rising and flitting about. Pisces raised his cup to a glowing bird—a Creona Flashbird, blinding its prey or predators.
“To the greatest [Pickpocket] in—twang.”
An arrow shot past Pisces’ hand. The [Necromancer] saw the Flashbird dive in a scream—then a flash of light. When he could see again, Bird lowered the bow.
“I have missed. Wait. What are you doing in my tower? I am Bird. This is my home. Are you replacing me?”
The Antinium peered up at Pisces. The [Necromancer]’s mouth opened as he saw the alarmed bird flying away.
“No, I was merely enjoying the view. Pardon me, Bird.”
“You…were in my tower? Enjoying my view? Do people go into my tower when I am not there?”
Bird looked unaccountably upset. Pisces grimaced as the Antinium stared around as if searching for tower-assassins ready to leap into his abode.
“I assure you, it was a one-time affair.”
“Affair? With my tower? What have you been doing here? I know the meaning of the word affair. You will not put one on my head. Or over it.”
Dead gods. Pisces fled the aggravated [Hunter]. Bird looked around, then checked the door to his tower.
“I need a lock. People can just wander into my tower?”
 
——
 
Pisces Jealnet practically stumbled into his rooms, where he did fall asleep almost at once. Because of that, he missed the only other occupants of the inn awake at such an hour.
The Thronebearers and the other security.
Erin Solstice, even Lyonette, weren’t pre-dawn risers. The Thronebearers traded off by inclination. Shriekblade, Tessa, napped during the day and was often the nocturnal figure stealing food from the cupboards that had scared Mrsha to death when the Gnoll girl tried doing just that.
The sight of a Drake perched on the kitchen counter, eyes glowing slightly by moonlight as she stabbed a piece of cake with a knife—well. Good little Gnoll girls weren’t going to be stealing that cake anyways, were they?
So the nocturnal stay-awakers were in a different category from the real pre-dawn risers. Even with [Twofold Rest], it was a choice; most of the inn’s inhabitants just got better sleep than usual. Six hours of Erin’s inn giving them rest put them ahead of people who lived with only six—or four—or two hours of sleep each day.
A lot less midday naps required was the point. Only two goodfellows got up with Bird. And those were Normen and Alcaz.
