9.07
Page 53
The young woman nodded. And if you looked at her, maybe you saw how it was done. A weary warrior, bleeding on a battlefield, raising a sword before one who was worthy. That was all it took.
Ser Lormel, Ser Sest, Dame Ushar, and Ser Dalimont looked at Normen as Erin spoke, and they began to see it.
“Normen. Have you lived a life of honor?”
“I’ve…tried. I truly have. I’ve done things I wasn’t proud of, but there was always a line. There were rules. Or else I was a beast.”
The Brother of Serendipitous Meetings whispered. Erin nodded. Slowly, she lifted the sword.
“No matter what you do. Or where you go—will you vow to stay true to a dream? A dream of honesty, of doing what is right? Even if that dream drowns, will you reach down and lift it up? Will you fight when you must, and protect what you can? Will you be a Knight of the Order of Solstice?”
Normen looked up. He hesitated, and then his lips moved and a dry tongue tried to speak, for a second.
The [Innkeeper] waited, and across the world, a watching Hobgoblin wearing armor spoke. He spoke with a laugh of joy and said the same thing as the Brother—his brother in arms.
“I swear.”
Erin Solstice brought the flat of the crystal blade on Normen’s shoulder and tapped him on both sides. She managed not to decapitate him with the razor-sharp blade, then she gave it to Numbtongue and threw her arms around Normen.
There was no flash of light, no thunder—save for the sigh that came from every lip. They gazed at Erin Solstice and began to stir, dreamers in a waking vision coming back to life. Erin Solstice embraced Normen fiercely and spoke as she let go.
“There. It’s done.”
“Are you sure? Does anyone have [Appraise]…?”
Mrsha’s flying kick of rage made Thuile stumble and go tumbling down the hill. Erin whirled around.
“If anyone doubts Normen—step up. A [Knight] is a [Knight]!”
There was no doubt in her eyes, and somehow, Normen didn’t doubt it himself. He looked up at her and rose, slowly. He felt lighter, not heavier. He felt as if he could run a hundred miles and lift five hundred pounds—okay, maybe three hundred.
“I won’t forget this, Miss Solstice. Ever. I’ll live up to this. I will, I promise.”
She turned to him and then Alcaz.
“You have time, Normen. And whatever you and Alcaz—or anyone—want to be?”
She looked at the guests, her new employees, and nodded.
“Yeah. I’ll make sure you get it. You need a trainer. And armor. And a whole lot of things—I don’t know. You know, Normen. This was easier than hiring someone to clean dishes.”
She gestured at all of the staring people, glanced at the new [Knight], and he nearly burst out laughing then and there. With exasperation as much as anything else. But then his breath caught as an Antinium fanned his wings and Pivr saluted him. Normen lifted a hand as Dame Thuile stared up at Pivr’s underbelly and shouted in horror.
Erin laughed. She motioned Normen down to greet his friend. The [Innkeeper] looked around and spoke to Mrsha and Lyonette and the others.
“It really is easier.”
“You mean—forming a Knight Order to solve all your problems abroad?”
“Not just [Knights]. We’ll recruit a bunch of people.”
“What, we’re not good enough, Erin?”
Jelaqua Ivirith scoffed, or tried to as she blew her nose messily. Erin eyed her.
