9.07
Page 31
Merish had taken Xherw’s axes. They were one of the few valuable things left that the other tribes had not taken. The [Shamanic Warrior] spoke heavily.
“Chieftain Feshi is not a cruel person. She is a [Strategist], but even she is reluctant to give us much. Yelroan, the other tribes will move away from here, those that don’t build their own settlement here.”
Out of the fort that they’d fought around and the Chieftains’ Tent, still hiding the secrets of Earth. Yelroan nodded. Merish glanced west.
“We have enough to eat and live off of now. Once winter sets in, if no preparations are made, tens of thousands will die with no one to beg for help.”
“Right. Well then. I’ll keep working on your budget. You need to find more [Shamans], Merish. Or we won’t even have dirt huts, even if we keep making more tents. Too many burned.”
It wasn’t cold, sleeping under the stars, unless it rained. Merish nodded, and Yelroan saw him walk through the camp.
Alone. Until the first Gnolls drifted up to him, and he gave them orders, which they began to follow. His sister, a little Lizardman letting a Gnoll girl cling to his back, warriors…
Somehow, despite the burden on him, Yelroan thought Merish looked better than he had when first he had come back from Rhir. His friend had told him that this, at least, gave him no more nightmares.
Just regrets.
Oh, a world full of regrets. The quiet Gnoll, as shellshocked as everyone else, blinked as Yelroan put an inkwell in front of her.
“Just in case you run out.”
“Thank you, mathematician.”
That was the first full sentence she’d said all day. He tried to smile—then he returned to his workspace. Yelroan stared at the inkwells, head in his paws.
All his ambitions for the future, all his dreams, the certainty of everything was gone.
This is what we deserve.
He knew that. But it still…Yelroan tried to count, blankly, how many gold coins they’d need. No—how many monsters might come calling.
That was when the Gnoll called out.
“Mathematician Yelroan, a personal [Message] for you.”
“Put it in my pile.”
“No…it’s from…her. The Doombr—the Doombearer. Mrsha du Marquin.”
Yelroan sat up, and his head rose as the first [Message] from that little, innocent Gnoll, found him. He strode out, read the [Message], and sighed.
 
To Yelroan,
Are you keeping well? It is me, Mrsha. I am writing to you in inquiries regarding your superlative mathematical talents. I have something of a math-related quandary with two dunces managing my inn and was hoping you had some insights into the subject.
Are you well? Is Qwera still there? I hope you are okay. It feels as though the Meeting of Tribes is so far away, but I still think of Chieftain Torishi, and I am very sad. However, I trust Feshi is in the peak of health, and I want you to be too.
You were nice. Are you okay? Can you help me with a math thing? We have a door that earns money, but Erin (she’s alive), doesn’t know how to make it earn money…
 
It was painfully ornate at times and also young. It hurt—more than anything. Especially because she remembered it all.
Torishi Weatherfur. Iraz Steelfur. Cetrule Silverfang, Firrelle Ekhtouch, Reizet Az’muzarre, yes, even Xherw and Ulcreziek Plain’s Eye.
Too many legends had fallen. Too many holes left in their people. Sometimes, Yelroan thought of what had happened, and his anger wasn’t just at Xherw—but at the Drakes.
Xherw had been a traitor to his people, made a monster, and tried to kill countless Gnolls. The Drakes? They were just—bastards.
