9.08
Page 7
“…Because it’s too much work. Normally, they just add some weight to the bag to claim they’re giving you more than they are. Enchanted sacks with [Leadweight], optical illusion spells—I even heard of a [Crooked Supplier] who had a teleportation spell wired into the basket so everything he poured out of it lost twenty percent in a hidden compartment. This? This is to foul Imani up, hopefully when she’s making something. She’d taste what she made, obviously, but maybe flour will be ‘out’ if she needs it. Interesting. Well, it’s not powdered glass. If it were—I’d have to get unpleasant.”
The Drake Street Runner was at a loss for words, but Palt’s ominous chuckle made her scales crawl. She had heard other [Cooks] she ran deliveries for muttering insults at Imani, who had managed to keep some of her recipes secret and eclipsed their own fame.
She hoped they didn’t escalate beyond pranks, because Palt, who was very genial and offered her some Dreamleaf for after work, was looking fairly dangerous.
“What—what should I do, Mister Palt?”
“Just one second. There’s some kind of worm or something in one of the produce. [Detect Life] is picking it up. Someone’s creative. How about this? I slip you two gold pieces and you swap this with another cook’s delivery.”
“Mister Palt! I couldn’t—”
“Four gold and I’ll show you how to change the Merchant Guild’s tags. And you find who could have messed with the delivery, and if we find who’s working for the competition, I’ll throw in twenty gold pieces.”
“—Let me run this back.”
The Centaur shook hands with the Drake, and she was just tucking the gold pieces away and heading out the door when Imani poked her head out the kitchen.
“Was that the delivery, Palt?”
“Yes, but she got a few things wrong, my dear! Oh, and you may wish to stay away from The Wandering Inn this morning unless you want to witness a crime against nature.”
Palt trotted over and gave Imani a kiss before relating the hot dog incident. Imani sighed.
“That’s Erin’s inn for you. Although, some fancy hot dogs would be fun to showcase. It’s the presentation—there’s this Japanese custom where you cut hot dogs into cute little octopi. They put them in their bento-boxes. As for poor Hexel—Palt, what are you thinking about?”
The Centaur had lifted a finger. He inserted a cigar into his mouth and puffed furiously.
“Lunch.”
“…Yes?”
Imani waited patiently, but Palt’s mind was working overdrive with sudden innovation. The Earthers weren’t the only ones who could do it.
“Hexel asked for a breakfast to-go, and we do that with our kitchen. Bags of holding make transport easier, but you know who never gets lunch even at our restaurants? Hexel again. He’s always too busy. He gets a burger from a stall or a snack. So…”
Imani’s eyes lit up.
“—We should corner the market on boxed lunches! Delivery as well!”
Palt hesitated.
“I was more thinking delivery. Your world does both?”
“Yes—but Palt! I can do boxed lunches for adventurers or people who have to leave the city. We can do in-city delivery.”
Imani began writing notes furiously as she took a pad of parchment out of her apron.
“What if I took an hour to work out a prototype bento-box? We need something good. It’s this stacking box which locks together—a bit of clever woodwork. But it needs to be lacquered or something beautiful, elegant. Not tacky. If we had chopsticks as a culture—we can pack wooden tableware, maybe?”
