9.08
Page 22
The Titan stared blankly as Foliana began to twitch and crack up silently next to him. Erin high-fived a Drake who spotted Foliana and then froze. The [Innkeeper] whirled away from the scrying orb.
“Alright, who else is spying on me? Nothing’s going on! Nothing at all! And if there was—what are you going to do about it?”
Go with her, obviously! The people in the inn were watching Erin like a hawk, but Ser Dalimont cut in front of Wil Kallinad smoothly, and no one could tell what was happening. Yet.
But the newly knighted Ser Normen was heading out of the back of the inn with Mrsha and a bundle of cloth, and Bird was hurrying up to his tower. By now, the [Spies] were treating this like a training exercise or a grand game.
 
——
 
“I don’t think our agents have had this much fun in Calanfer or Taimaguros.”
Earl Altestiel of Desonis was amazed. Kiish wasn’t even back yet, and the Sleeping Queen herself eagerly awaited the <Heroic Quest> that Erin had offered him. They were mobilizing a task force—and Erin just kept coming out with—
Well. He stared at her much the same way as the Titan, but also differently. The Earl could at least admit when a campaign had gone wrong. Or rather, he’d launched his attack and hadn’t even claimed a beachhead.
Even so, Erin-watching wasn’t just for romantic interests. If it had been, Altestiel didn’t think the man who sashayed across the room with a bowl of the new popped corn would be here.
The Lord of the Dance, Belchaus Meron, could not help but try the new ideas in footwork that he’d been hearing about. Obviously there were other elements, but he cared about the more individualistic dances of the modern century paired with whatever insights Earth had come up with.
Nothing for four legs or with people with tails or wings, but—well.
He’d leveled. Twice.
Nothing was scarier for his foes. Nothing was more astonishing for his allies. The Lord of the Dance was leveling.
“This is her?”
Like Niers, he stopped a second to take Erin Solstice in. Altestiel turned from his scrying mirror.
“This is Erin. What do you think?”
The Lord of the Dance saw Erin walking somewhat awkwardly around the inn.
“I can see she’s been injured. That looks like improper healing potions to me.”
“Potion of Regeneration on a frozen body?”
Lord Bel frowned and slid the popcorn bucket over between the two men.
“I suppose…does she have any galas-muscle? Nevermind, if she’s walking, then she’ll continue to heal naturally so long as she doesn’t continue applying potions. She looks mischievous. I would love to see how she dances.”
Altestiel rolled his eyes. A hammer saw the world in terms of nails. Similarly, the Lord of the Dance always asked that question.
“What do you think she’s—”
“Dead gods, what’s that?”
Belchaus had seen a merrily spinning Antinium whirling around with a mop in the background.. Altestiel saw him shoot to his feet.
“A dancing Antinium?”
“No, focus on Erin. She’s up to something—Bel. Lord Bel, I swear to Desonis—”
The two [Lords] fought over the scrying orb, shouting at their poor [Observer] to focus on Silveran, Silveran. A poor servant watched the two leaders of their nations squabbling like boys.
But that was the thing. Lord Bel looked at the inn and threw up his arms. He copied Silveran.
“He’s waltzing. A Calanfer—I should have gone with you! I want to go there!”
And that was it. They wanted to be there, even if they had never gone before. That was the magic.
Even Fetohep of Khelt, perhaps. Not to dance, but to just be there and speak to her in her land. Walk with her and see what happened next.
