9.08
Page 23
The Lord of the Dance, Altestiel, Niers Astoragon, Fetohep—and many more people watched The Wandering Inn. Warily, as friends or foes.
Longingly.
The difference was that some said nothing, just watched because they were rulers of a land and could not leave. Not now, no longer.
Others? Lehra Ruinstrider stood up in the rocking cart as Suxhel shielded her scrying orb.
“To Liscor! We’re missing all the excitement!”
She began to run ahead of her team on the wagons. For about ten minutes, until she got tired, flopped down, and crawled back into the wagon.
Some people were on their way. Others, like Niers, had missed his chance. Altestiel watched with a kind of longing nostalgia. Lord Bel stopped whirling about telling his subordinates to get on the scrying orb and came back into the room.
“Alright. It’s settled.”
“What’s settled?”
The Lord of the Dance gave Earl Altestiel a peculiar look.
“My vacation, obviously. We won’t be able to take your land-route, but I’ll get there faster. Hopefully to see something else as fine.”
He smiled as the Earl of the Rains spluttered.
“You can’t be so—casual?”
“Why not? I don’t intend to go a-courting.”
So said the greatest [Lord] of Nadel, who had swept many a person off their feet with that casual confidence, married or not. Before Altestiel could say anything else, the [Innkeeper] whirled on camera. The twinkle in her eyes was still there.
“Mrsha! Don’t drop the—oh no!”
 
——
 
Half the guests were outside the inn, wandering after Normen and Mrsha, who had that suspiciously bulging bundle. The Gnoll girl was urging him onwards, and she got in front of Normen such that he tripped.
The cloth bundle went tumbling to the ground, and Erin appeared in the doorway to her inn. She pointed and shouted.
“The Helm of Fire! Don’t let anyone grab it!”
The what? Everyone whirled to the glowing helmet. Jaws dropped as the flaming helmet—a bright pink flame—burned in Normen’s hands. Then he and Mrsha began running.
Inside the inn, Ceria Springwalker had two mugs in hand, and she was laughing herself sick. The regular guests of the inn, even the talented newcomers like Venaz, didn’t rise to the bait. They had seen Ser Dalimont’s helmet suddenly go missing and Ulvama head into Octavia’s shop with a brush. A bit of fire and hey, presto, distraction.
“Oho. You lot aren’t bad. Well, I guess you all get to stay.”
Erin Solstice smirked at the guests left in the inn. She walked over to the door and locked it from the inside. Ishkr was securing windows.
Mrsha and Normen were the distraction play. They would come back through one of the windows.
“So, Miss Solstice. Which is it? Quest, something to do with your garden, magical fire?”
Chaldion sat at one table. Erin eyed him.
“Nothing! Why don’t you all go back home. Nothing’s happening.”
“I believe I’ll sit.”
“Okay. Suit yourself. I’m going upstairs. Food and drink is downstairs. Anyone who wants to follow me can. At your peril.”
The [Innkeeper] skipped upstairs, whereupon Menolit, Relc, and a host of other guests hesitated. It was entirely conceivable she could pull one over on them and disappear up there. Sitting was Chaldion’s play—he refused to get up.
The Titan took the bait. He sent Wil upstairs with Relc and the others. They saw Erin heading into her room.
“Hey, private!”
“Aw, come on, Erin. Don’t leave me out of this! You need a Relc.”
“Oh no, buddy.”
Erin wasn’t going inside the garden, so everyone followed her through the door. Was it in her private room? Relc hurried through the door with Menolit. Erin’s room looked—different from what he remembered.
