9.08
Page 34
Merrik trooped over to the fire, his armor frosted with ice. Erin nodded as she glanced at the scrying orb. Niers spoke, and everyone listened in.
“Not the right question, Merrik. Good instincts—but Snow Golems can get that large in one winter. They have one of the fastest accumulation rates.”
“Ah, well then. Did you say that garden probably belonged to someone in the past, Miss Solstice?”
Everyone turned to her as Erin nodded to the Dwarf.
“Yeah. That was someone’s…[Garden of Sanctuary]. It’s not mine.”
And there it was. Mrsha stared round-eyed at the key Erin held. So that was what it meant. The Key of Reprieve was granting Erin authority over…
All the [Gardens]? Niers’ mind was racing with the implications, but he kept his face straight.
“It’s either Terandrian or Balerosian. It could be Izrilian, but I’m thinking Cenidau, one of the permanently frozen norths. No one would call that sanctuary unless they liked the cold.”
“Did Chandrar ever freeze over when it was green? It could be old beyond belief, sir. I saw something like a keep—Miss Solstice, could there be artifacts within?”
Merrik wondered aloud.
The [Innkeeper] hugged Mrsha as she accepted a towel from Ishkr. Apista crawled onto her shoulder and waved a feeler at Niers, who nodded back, as Erin replied.
“I don’t know. I didn’t know you could build things in—well, no. That makes sense. Anything the original owner left might be there. Like, if Mrsha left a ball or—”
If someone left treasure. Every adventurer’s eyes gleamed at the idea, but Erin just glanced back, troubled, as the door let in freezing air. It closed—much to the disappointment of the non-fighters who wanted to see.
She didn’t think you left treasure in the [Garden of Sanctuary]. But maybe. Niers was pulling up the limited records of people who had the Skill in the past, and Wil spoke up.
“Professor, don’t bother trying Terandrian nations. It’s Izril or Baleros, I think.”
“What are you basing this on, Wil?”
“…The snow tastes different.”
Everyone turned to Wil. The [Lord] shrugged self-consciously, but he’d gotten a few good mouthfuls from the snowball attacks.
“Sorry, it just does. You know how some people say the soil’s changed continent to continent? I just felt like it tasted different.”
“Do you…eat snow that much?”
Peki wanted to know, but Merrik nodded thoughtfully.
“Miss Solstice, can you open the door again?”
She did for him, and he took a handful of snow and tasted it.
“…Huh. He’s right. It does have a different taste to it. But that’s not down to climate, Wil. It tastes like soot. Soot and metal and stone. Almost like foundry runoff. Very mild, but it reminds me of Dwarfhome. Or…”
The Titan of Baleros looked up. His eyes glinted, and he swept all the files aside and spoke one word.
“Baleros. The frozen north of the Dullahan lands. Specifically—the great forge-city of the Iron Vanguard. Invictel.”
Everyone turned to him. Merrik raised his eyebrows, but waited as Niers held up a single file.
“It may not be accurate, but one of the famous skill-holders of a [Garden of Sanctuary] was a [General] of the Iron Vanguard. Dolost the Adamantine. In keeping with their traditions, the Dullahans made their [Generals] adamantium armor whenever it was plentiful.”
Everyone turned to Erin, and murmurs turned to stares of greed or shock. Erin? She didn’t miss Niers’ excited gaze, nor the call of adventure or stories of the past. But Niers missed the way her lips moved, her teeth biting one edge quietly before she smiled and spoke.
Foliana saw it. She glanced at Niers and saw, well.
A difference.
 
——
 
