9.08
Page 19
Everyone wanted a piece of the [Innkeeper], and Erin smiled to see the [Strategists] and Chaldion—and why not? She had just started a Knight Order. This was the day to talk to Erin, to see her wondrous moments in action.
It was just gonna make it really hard to explore the—Erin felt a hand tugging at her pocket. She whirled and shouted.
“Who the—Bird! No, no—”
Bird had something in his hand. He fled away from Erin, waving his hands as she tried to chase after him, cursing her weak legs.
“It is beautiful! I just want to see it!”
“Bird, give that back!”
No one else noticed, even Chaldion, assuming Bird was just being a silly Bird. But Erin’s eyes opened wide, because he had just seen and taken something out of her pocket.
The feathered key. Bird. Feathers. He ran upstairs.
“I just want to look at it! It is so beautiful. I have never seen something like it before.”
“What did Bird steal? Mrsha, go get it back, would you? Erin, we are being swamped here.”
Silveran had stopped cleaning to help serve tables. Lyonette barely noticed Erin’s look of alarm. The [Innkeeper] pointed up.
“Bird just stole—Mrsha, go get it back. Put it in my room and don’t take it out, alright?”
Mrsha nodded. She scampered upstairs and hesitated.
“Wait, what am I getting?”
Erin waved her hands. It might be dangerous letting Mrsha do it, but if she went upstairs, people would watch her, and she didn’t want Bird showing it to anyone.
“It’s…just a small key. It looks like a feather. And it looks—”
She was trying to describe the bright metal under the rust when Mrsha’s face turned confused. Lyonette stared at Erin.
“…Like a feather handle and a strange, magical key?”
“Yeah—huh? How’d you know—?”
Then Erin Solstice felt that prickle on the back of her neck. She turned her head to what Mrsha and Lyonette were staring at. A little key was lying on the table next to Erin.
Erin’s mouth opened. Accordingly—there was a wail from upstairs. Bird came running down, all four arms flailing.
“Erin! Erin, I have lost it! I was looking at it, and I did not want to make it disappear, but I did! I have the ability to make things vanish! This is not a lie, I promise!”
Erin grabbed the key as a few heads turned her way. Okay—this was a new level of crazy. Bird calmed down.
“Oh, you have the—”
Lyonette slapped a hand over his mouth, and Erin bit her lip. Oh no.
There was a problem with her clientele. And that was ever since Grimalkin, they had been growing increasingly wise to her methods and, sometimes, even her act. Post-Grimalkin guests were sharp.
So sharp, in fact, that Wil and Peki, who had both come in after Jewel, instantly, casually, turned. Wil began writing in a [Message] scroll, and Peki leapt out the door to find her teammates.
Chaldion’s eye gleamed as he removed it and inserted his [True Sight] one. Even Saliss’ head rose slightly. Erin Solstice cursed.
How many had seen the key? No, they hadn’t even seen it; Lyonette had been standing in the way of it, but it was Bird’s commentary. They were pressuring her timeline. But—Erin Solstice blew out her cheeks.
“Alright. That’s it. Employees, huddle in the kitchen! You too, Normen, Alcaz!”
Numbtongue looked around, and Bird, Lyonette, Mrsha, Octavia, even Ulvama, drifted in after Erin. Ishkr was already there with Liska—and Erin pointed.
“Oh no. Not guests!”
That included Gothica, a snooping Fierre, and a crowd of others. The Thronebearers blocked the doorway as Normen and Alcaz ducked in.
“Erin, what’s going on?”
