9.08
Page 30
Lyonette and Erin were shouting amidst the chaos as a group of Drakes, one wearing the Heartflame Breastplate, came storming up the stairs. Venaz followed, and Captain Todi’s squad secured the lower floor, looking nervous. Lyonette pointed upstairs.
“What happened to Apista? If she’s up there, freezing—Mrsha, I said it’s not safe!”
Ser Sest ran after Mrsha as she raced around the common room. Erin waved a hand at Chaldion, directing more of Pallass’ [Soldiers] up after the others.
“It’s sorta safe. I just don’t get what’s happening.”
Mrsha came skidding to a stop. She froze—and bent down. Apista crawled forwards, and the girl put her on her head. Then she stared through the door at the [Garden of Sanctuary]. Mrsha turned her head to the stairs.
“It’s a world of ice! Fall back! Fall—”
Jewel came skidding down the stairs. A whumph and half the fighters came crashing down the stairs in another wave of snow. Saliss shouted back down from above.
“Cowards! Get back here and fight!”
Mrsha patted Apista urgently, seeing if she was okay. The bee fanned her wing reassuringly, and Mrsha trotted into the garden and looked around, Apista on her head. She felt the grass, sniffed the air, then looked up as Apista pointed a feeler at the odd, snowy landscape above. Mrsha’s eyes narrowed, and she scampered back into the inn.
“Miss Mrsha! Come with—”
Ser Sest found her, bent down to snatch her to safety, and froze when he saw the garden. Mrsha padded over to the two young women and tugged at Erin’s pants.
“Not now, Mrsha. We—whuh.”
Erin glanced over distractedly, and then her mouth fell open. Lyonette turned, and they stared at the [Garden of Sanctuary]. Then they looked upstairs where Yvlon was leading the charge back into the fight. Erin’s mouth opened wider.
“Two [Gardens of Sanctuary]? What?”
She looked from Mrsha to the door, and then it hit her. Erin Solstice closed her mouth.
“I unlocked the door, so we must be able to use the garden again! Door!”
The [Innkeeper] turned, and a door opened in front of Todi, who recoiled with an oath. Erin turned back.
“Door! There, the garden’s back. Then where the heck did Saliss run into?”
“What did you do, Erin? Is that—some kind of other garden?”
Erin threw up her hands.
“No! I mean, I don’t know! It’s supposed to be a [Garden of Sanctuary], not a garden of dying in the snow!”
“Did you…do anything different when you unlocked the door?”
Erin shook her head.
“Absolutely not! I just said, I wanted to see something impressive. Like—”
This time, she went deaf. Chaldion had been turning to the garden, having realized what was going on in part.
He was just in time for the bolt of lightning to touch down through the doorway. The thwoom of lightning and the flash of light took out two senses for quite some time. When Erin was done stumbling around, hands clapped to her ears, she saw the door was open.
Only this time—it was rain that came pouring down in that domed room. Rain without end, and lightning bolts hurling around the garden. Erin stared in disbelief at a room filled with a raging thunderstorm.
Exactly the same size as the [Garden of Sanctuary]. She even saw the domed roof stretching around the room, but everything was…different.
It was flatter, with a few cliffs built along the edges of the dome. What had once been plants was now running mud and debris, but there was still something in there.
Pillars of metal? Or—Erin peered inside, but Lyonette slammed the door.
“What is going on here?”
And then Erin had it. She spoke slowly and pointed at the wall as everyone turned towards her.
