9.08
Page 21
“Harpies. This is a harpy-key. Or feather. For a Legacy Skill. I have never seen a Skill with a key.”
Ulvama’s eyes gleamed as she looked at Erin. The young woman took a deep breath, and her heart was fluttering. Bird whispered.
“Harpies? Are we going to see Harpies today?”
Erin shook her head.
“I don’t know, Bird. But I need to find the garden, find out what’s going on—”
“And find the right door. Belavierr realized you found the key. That’s why she flooded my rooms. Erin, this is big. Super big.”
Mrsha held up a notecard solemnly, and Erin saw Lyonette’s face grow tight with worry. Everyone looked towards the door, and Normen cleared his throat.
“Begging your pardon, Miss Erin. Maybe we should distract the others while you do what’s needed? That seems like a knightly thing to do.”
He smiled. Erin looked at him and then waved a finger in front of his surprised face.
“Oh no. You’re employees of the inn! You, Alcaz, Ishkr, Liska—”
“Me?”
“And me?”
The two Gnolls were surprised, but Erin folded her arms. She glanced out towards the curious guests. So the [Innkeeper] sighed—then smiled.
“Here’s what we’re gonna do. We unlock the garden. We go in and find out what’s new. No one else. Maybe friends—but none of the nosy nosers. Think we can do it?”
Mrsha developed the biggest smile in existence. Numbtongue chortled, and Octavia grinned, pleased to be part of it all.
The game was afoot. Outside, the opponents looked at each other. Oh, so we’re competing, are we? 
Bring it on.
 
——
 
Oh, to be there. Not during the boring, exasperating parts. That was the trick. You had to be willing to put up with the disgusting hotdogs, the [Innkeeper] panicking to no point. The boring mundanity of it all.
For the moments when magic ran through the floorboards and crept up out of the tower to rain down like mystery and adventure. For the wonder.
When the [Innkeeper] turned to you with the glint of mischief and excitement in her eyes—that was when you were called forwards.
Some of them hadn’t even had the chance to experience it. The Titan of Baleros had only gotten to fight a war against a living legend.
Not once had he seen that smile. Erin Solstice’s look of mischief made his chest do funny things as she made shooing motions towards Venaz.
“Nothing’s going on, Venaz. Wait a second, is that a scrying orb?”
She looked into it, and the Titan froze—a second before Foliana put her face in the way.
“Mm. Thank you for the snacks.”
“Oh my gosh. It’s a giant squirrel!”
“It’s a short Human.”
Foliana threw up her hands lightly, copying Erin. The [Innkeeper] laughed in delight as Niers swore and tried to edge around her.
“Hello! Are you Three-Color Stalker? I mean, Foliana? You’re so beautiful.”
The Squirrel Beastkin smiled.
“I like you. You should work for me. We’re spying on you. Look, here’s Niers.”
She picked him up, and the Titan struggled wildly until he hung from his coat. Erin’s first true eye contact with Niers was sudden, undignified—and her eyes lit up.
“Hello! It’s you, isn’t it? Nice game yesterday. I loved that improvisation near the end. But ooh! You got me. I hate losing. Game tonight?”
His heart was thundering out of his chest. But at her casual words—Niers Astoragon felt himself being lowered onto Foliana’s paw. He looked at her and was reminded—this was also his chess opponent.
“I—good morning, Erin. It was about time I took a victory off you. A game tonight, indeed. What are you doing?”
Her eyes twinkled.
“Nonya.”
“Nonya?”
“Nonya business! Gottem. Relc, high-five!”
