9.08
Page 16
…and though it pains me, personally, to request anything in the way of personal debt, it would behoove you to send one of your suits of Demas Metal™ to the care of The Wandering Inn for one Ser Normen, [Knight]. Enclosed are his measurements.
You did promise me you’d help, and he needs armor. Please send it forthwith. Hoping you are alive, vaguely,
—Mrsha du Marquin.
 
And she’d get it. Ulvama pointed at Mrsha, but no one else seemed to notice. Numbtongue was going to take some coffee to Octavia. She was ranting about the Eir Gel shortage. Ulvama poked him.
“Hey. Little girl has Demas Metal? She gets a suit of armor? Like…”
Ulvama snapped her fingers. Disbelieving. One did not just ‘get’ a suit of armor! She was well aware of how valuable that was—no one else seemed to be! Numbtongue just wrinkled his nose.
“Her father makes it. Important Chieftain.”
“The first set is free? I know your…biological dad makes the stuff, but is it really okay, Mrsha?”
The Gnoll girl waved Erin off. Mrell owed her one suit of armor. And just like that—even the Thronebearers were glancing at Ser Normen. He was going to be wearing the new Demas Metal? Wasn’t that akin to a set of mithril armor…?
“Great. We’ll see about enchanting it later. Now, what kinda weapon are we gonna get? Actually, if Normen uses his club, we can get, like, an enchanted one. But if he needs to practice with a sword?”
Erin looked around and hesitated over a cup of coffee herself. She reached out, and a bleary, red-eyed Drake lifted it out of the tray. Saliss took one huge gulp, then two.
“Mm. Sorta weak. You don’t want a sword. Maces are good. Give the man a shield. That’s what he needs training in. Or something in his off-hand.”
“Saliss!”
Erin hadn’t seen the [Alchemist] in forever! The Drake turned to her.
“Looks like you’re on your feet. Magicing your way out of the problem, huh? Hey. What day is it?”
He looked awful. Mrsha exclaimed as Octavia practically bowled Numbtongue over as she shot out of her shop.
“Master Saliss! How are you?”
“Hey. Whoo. Look, it’s a naked Drake. Someone’s ancestors, I’m tired. Is this supposed to be waking me up? It’s not working.”
The yellow-scaled Drake looked far less annoying than usual. Erin wavered as Saliss sat down.
“It’s supposed to. It’s caffeine.”
The Drake eyed the coffee.
“Not stamina-replenishing, then? Just caffeine? It was better in Oteslia. But I had more sleep in me then.”
He sat down in a chair, groaning, as Octavia fussed around him.
“Master Saliss, you should have called me in to help! How are you? I haven’t seen you in a week!”
Saliss opened one eye.
“Some things I can’t get you to do. You’re not high-enough level, and I’m not scraping you off the walls. I’m nearly done with enough battle potions, and I’m poor. Wait. Did you say a week?”
Octavia nodded. The Drake stared at the coffee.
“…I thought it was only two days. Yeah, this might not be work—”
He put his head back, groaning. Everyone stared at him, but the Drake just lay there, head tilted up at the ceiling. Only when they heard the rasping snore coming out of his mouth did they realize he’d passed out.
“Was he awake for seven days? Don’t you die if you stay up for five in a row?”
Erin looked aghast. Lyonette just hurried over and threw a blanket over Saliss. He actually dodged the blanket. Saliss’ eyes shot open, and he whirled out of the way.
“Damn you assassins—oh. Thanks.”
