9.08
Page 11
“Nothing destroys that damn door. Not even Crelers…and that’s one of the perks of being a friend of the inn. Easy transit. Which is why I wanted to talk to you. Don’t worry, Erin didn’t send me, but I heard from a birdie called Typhenous that she was going to offer you a job.”
Jewel stiffened. Her teammates looked up. Word was already spreading? But then Jewel relaxed. So this was it. Erin was sending in a team to vouch for her. Classic upsell. Well—
She wasn’t prepared for the Selphid to glance around conspiratorially.
“Listen, Jewel. I think this is great for your team. A new group like the Horns? Wonderful. Just don’t mess it up, okay? And by that, I mean, don’t mess it up for her or for yourselves.”
“…Huh?”
Jelaqua looked more serious than Jewel thought. A good act—but then the Selphid nodded at Seborn.
“I just don’t want you to die. Seborn, you had a speech, right?”
The Drowned Man nodded.
“Yeah. Think of it like this. The Horns were Erin’s friends. A good Silver-rank team on their way up. Calruz, their leader, was low-Gold already, unofficially. Within a year of knowing her, all but one of the original team was dead or in prison. They killed an Adult Creler, and they’re now walking around with Relics after surviving a death-zone. That’s the odds. Us? We ‘only’ survived a siege, the Raskghar appearing for the first time, uh…”
“Moth attacks.”
Moore whispered. Ulinde waved a hand.
“Oh, and I joined up after I attacked you all!”
Jelaqua snapped her fingers.
“Exactly. And we had a reckoning with our traitor, Garen. He died, and we put years of vengeance to rest. I’m going to include killing and looting Wall Lord Dragial as part of that. Speaking of which, Lehra had better get here and divide the shares up or I’ll get suspicious, huh?”
She laughed and looked around the table. Jewel’s mouth was open slightly as the Selphid grew serious again.
“That’s what I mean, Jewel. Be ready for danger. Really think if you want to do this. Now, I know you’re Gold-rank, but Saliss of Lights nearly got killed doing something Erin-related. Think about that. A war with the King of Destruction wasn’t Erin’s fault—”
“—that we can prove—”
“—But that’s the thing. Don’t be Vuliel Drae. Have you heard about them?”
Glitterblade had, but only in the vague way that things got around. Jelaqua related the story of the Face-Eater moth disaster.
“I feel like they’re the other side of things. Well, grandmother’s tits, everyone’s lost a teammate except for the Silver Swords. Griffon Hunt—it’s a chance. That’s what I’m going to tell you. Named-rank or death. Believe me, Erin doesn’t try to get you killed, but even her ordinary missions?”
Moore was nodding with the rest.
“If she asks you to take Mrsha to the playground, you could be fighting [Rogues] to the death in the street. That happened once. Not our team, but a gang.”
“It—it did?”
The half-Giant patted Jewel gently on the shoulder as the Halfseekers rose. Jelaqua tossed some coins down.
“Let us get the bill. You can pay us back, but like I said—if she makes you a [Knight], insist on some enchanted plate armor. Mithril. Pelt can probably make it. That’s the perks. But I don’t know if our team would go on retainer. I’ve said my piece. Erin will kill us if Jewel refuses.”
She turned, and Seborn nudged her.
“I’ll back you up.”
Moore nodded.
“I will too. It was something you had to say, Jelaqua…”
In silence, Hilten and Toimt looked at Jewel. She spluttered as she stared at Jelaqua’s back.
“That—was exaggeration. A bluff. Erin just sent Jelaqua to say that.”
“Why would she warn us off?”
