9.08
Page 27
“Got it. Give me five seconds. You open the door, keep it a crack open, and if I don’t say anything, send the expendable ones after me. Dungeon rules.”
“What about a minion—?”
Pisces gestured to a pile of bones. Saliss raised his brows.
“It’s the garden. I am playing it up a bit. Whatever’s in there probably isn’t the worst if Erin’s dangersense is just ringing. So, on three. Erin, I think you have to pull the door open.”
He was jiggling the handle, which would have really ruined the suspense if he’d gotten it open. Probably just as planned. Erin caught her breath. Now—she felt apprehensive as she reached for the doorknob.
“Erin, if you need backup—”
Niers Astoragon’s voice warred with Chaldion snapping from below.
“Adventurer Saliss, [First Forwards, First Out]!”
“Wonderful.”
Saliss rolled his eyes, but he hopped from foot to foot, a claw on the vial’s cork. Erin gulped. She grabbed the doorknob.
“Let’s just pull it open a tiny bit, Saliss.”
“Nah, throw it open. I leap in and you close it if I start screaming. Death or glory! For the Walled City of Inventions!”
“Stop that! Stop making me nervous! I’m gonna pee. Shriekblade? I forgot you were there!”
“…My [Dangersense] is going off too. Not from Saliss’ kill-vial.”
Tessa spoke quietly. She was staring at the door. The Gold-rank adventurers looked up. Jewel nearly swallowed her tongue. Ceria adjusted her circlet and narrowed her eyes.
“Something’s weird. Erin, I’m sensing—”
The [Innkeeper] turned and looked around uncertainly. Her hand twisted the knob slightly.
“Should I—?”
The door to the [Garden of Sanctuary] opened. Erin felt something kick her, and she went flying across the hallway. Something heavy, cold—wet—
Saliss of Lights and Tessa dodged. Tessa clung to the ceiling, and Saliss did a flying backflip, looked back, swore and laughed, and ran.
Ksmvr was tangled up trying to shield Pisces. Numbtongue stabbed his sword into the ground and didn’t move far, but all the others were knocked flying. Jewel looked up as a white wall of powder hit her.
For the second time that day, the inn’s hallways flooded as an avalanche of snow came pouring through the door. Erin Solstice tumbled down the stairs, screaming and slashing with her knife.
The guests on the bottom floor stared as a howling vortex of wind poured out of the door. Saliss whirled just in time to see Tessa drop. She stared through the garden’s door and then nodded.
Shriekblade drew her daggers as Saliss popped an ice-resistance potion. He saw the other Drake’s claw flash to her belt, draw a glowing dagger, and throw it. She said two words before she sprang through the doorway, more knives appearing in her hands.
“Snow Golems.”
 
——
 
Erin wondered if this was what it was like being dead and frozen. She flailed around in the snow until someone hauled her out.
Venaz kicked through the snow, looking disbelieving as people shouted.
“What is going on? Venaz, status report!”
The Titan was shouting as Chaldion spoke rapidly into a stone.
“Send them through now. I want ice-resistance gear and flame weapons. Where are the Flamewardens?”
Ice was packed into Erin’s ears. She had to dig it out and felt the horrible sensation of ice lodged deep into her canal. She spat out snow—she could have suffocated! A terrible way to die.
“What the hell was—”
“It’s snow!”
Jewel poked her head out of the snow, dazed. But a half-Elf exploded upwards, sweeping it away from her team.
“It’s not just snow! There’s a damn blizzard up there.”
“And Snow Golems! Get your asses in here!”
