9.08
Page 37
“I feel sort of bad for the fish, Erin. Are we going to eat them and harvest the Snow Golems?”
Octavia caught up on Erin’s other side and held the [Innkeeper]’s arm. Erin looked at Octavia and saw she wasn’t just thinking of selling all the fish and strip-mining the garden. The [Innkeeper] smiled at that.
“I think the fishes—we may eat some, but we’ll leave what we can. Sometimes the garden might have something dangerous. We don’t have to go in. At least—I think I’m safe. But we might eat some fish.”
Numbtongue grunted. The [Bard] stopped to admire a sculpture among many planted along the neat pathways. Somehow, the plants hadn’t overgrown them—it was as if the garden stayed as the owner had wished. He bent down and admired a little stone fox, carved so beautifully Erin’s heart hurt. It was curled up, resting by a cluster of four-leaved clovers.
“Good. I like fish. This isn’t like silly rats again, is it?”
He glanced up and gave Erin a challenging look. She put one hand on her hip as she gave him a mock-glare.
“No, but we’re not gonna wipe ‘em out, Numbtongue. I think the fish do die of old age, and some might eat each other. I dunno. But we’ll be respectful. Okay?”
He thought about that, then smiled.
“Sounds good.”
“Numbtongue. Numbtongue, there’s an archery range over there. Targets and stuff! There’s even a bow—well, I think it was a bow. It’s so old, Joseph broke it when he touched it. Sorry, Erin!”
The Goblin brightened up as Kevin ran around the trail.
“Let’s see. I have crossbows everywhere. How many targets? Octavia, come, come.”
He pulled at the [Alchemist]’s hand and gestured at Erin, but she had spotted a bench.
“Give me one sec, Numbtongue.”
“You want me to…”
He stopped, and Octavia turned to help Erin, but she just motioned them on.
“I’m tired. I want to sit. Go check it out. But I’d better not catch you and Wailant and Viceria here in the middle of the night, naked!”
She had a sudden suspicion about why the Hobgoblin was so interested. Numbtongue bared his fangs.
“Okay, not at night. Got it.”
They ran off, and Erin watched them disappear and then exclaim. Mrsha went rolling down the slight incline as Lyonette chased after her.
“Come here, you silly girl! Oh, Erin, this place is elegant. We have to have a picnic here. But please—let’s not show the other guests? Not right now. I love Relc, but you know he’ll cause a mess. And Ceria? She’ll probably start eating the fish raw.”
“Not yet, Lyonette.”
The [Princess] smiled, and she looked—peaceful. Filled with wonder. Erin watched her run after Mrsha as Bird sat by the water.
“Bird? Are you having fun?”
The Antinium guiltily started. He hid something behind his back.
“I am doing nothing, Erin. And not having fun. At all.”
Erin stared at a familiar sight: a bunch of gaping koi mouths. And then she saw Bird tossing bread crumbs into the water.
“You’re feeding the fish?”
“No. And it is not very funny, and I do not enjoy it. I am loyal to birds. Fishes are stupid.”
Bird lied. His mandibles were open and raised, and Erin laughed. Bird went back to tossing crumbs into the water and giggling at the fishes eating. Erin looked around and saw Normen and Alcaz watching her.
The two Brothers were, like Ishkr and Liska, employees. However, even the Gnolls had stopped work for a moment to tour the garden, eyes wide with wonder.
Normen and Alcaz were sneaky fellows, though. They tipped their hats.
“Do you want an arm to lean on, Miss Solstice?”
She smiled at them.
“Can I go for a little walk, guys? I’ll be safe.”
