9.08
Page 26
“No, Erin. The last thing we need is a bunch of scrying orbs. Just open the door.”
Lyonette looked exasperated. Erin looked at her, then blinked and nodded.
“You’re right. Alright, [Garden of Sanctuary]! You’d better have something impressive to show us or I’m gonna be mad!”
Venaz was putting his shoulder into the cracking bone wall with a Drake as Peki backed up for a flying kick. Erin stuck out her tongue at the glaring Drake. Then she put her hand on the doorknob as the key gleamed in the lock.
…And…froze.
“Erin? What are you doing?”
Lyonette spoke urgently as the Minotaur kicked the pieces of bone aside, snorting. Numbtongue prodded Erin—but then he stopped.
The [Innkeeper]’s face had frozen. Her eager smile stopped dead on her face. Because as Erin went to twist the doorknob, she heard something she hadn’t for a long while.
A…ringing. Like a bell. It was ringing in her head. Slowly, the [Innkeeper] let go of the doorknob. The sound stopped. The moment she put her hand on the door? It returned. A ringing in her head no one else could hear. Her heart began to thump again.
[Dangersense].
 
——
 
Jewel hadn’t been paying attention to the games at the inn. One look at the Titan of Baleros and she was ordering a second round.
She missed the commotion, ignored the noisy smashing of magical barriers on the second floor. Only when people began being ejected from the inn did she look up.
“Okay, everyone out. Sorry, game’s over. All spies, non-critical guests—out. Back it up! Mrsha, you’re going outside with the Thronebearers.”
No. Noooo! NOOOOOO!
A thrashing Gnoll girl holding a series of notecards flailed in Dame Ushar’s arms. Jewel raised her head as a [Princess] strode past her.
“Get her out of here. Tell Zevara, Dalimont, and if you so much as hear a sneeze—”
“You will be able to tell the Watch Captain yourself, Princess. You are coming with us.”
“Absolutely—let go of—Erin! Apista was in the garden! What happened to her?”
“We’re gonna find out.”
Erin Solstice reappeared, and Jewel’s own internal sense of danger spiked. The [Innkeeper] was back—and she had a knife and jar of acid in her hands. The Hobgoblin had a sword, and Erin was looking around the room.
“We could use you, Venaz. Chaldion, you in or out?”
“I would ask you to wait for a squad from Pallass.”
The [Strategist]’s eyes were glinting with excitement and wariness. Erin frowned at him.
“Are they better than Gold-ranks?”
He hesitated. The Horns of Hammerad were getting up, wary. But a Drake just pushed past both.
“How loud’s the alarm? Minor? A loud bell? Screaming?”
“Uh—uh—low ringing, Saliss.”
The Drake nodded.
“That’s okay, then. You’ve got me. Who else?”
Erin jerked a thumb over her shoulder.
“Normen, Alcaz, Numbtongue, me—”
“Absolutely not.”
Half her guests chorused. Erin glared about.
“It’s my garden! Okay, here’s the plan. Who goes in first?”
“Me.”
Saliss stretched. Chaldion snapped back.
“Absolutely not.”
“Ignore the old idiot. I go in—Horns on standby. Halfseekers here?”
“We could send in a decoy skeleton—”
“Ice elemental?”
Ceria suggested. Erin looked around, and her eyes fell on the [Swashbuckler] and her team.
“Jewel?”
So it was then that the Gold-rank adventurer found herself sobering up twice that morning. Normen, Alcaz, two Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings, the Horns of Hammerad, Numbtongue…Saliss walked down the line, completely naked.
“Alright. What an oversized crew to take on the garden. Where’s the door?”
Erin pointed to the key, still in the lock. Saliss eyed it. He produced a single, tiny vial that set off everyone’s [Dangersense] again.
