9.08
Page 5
All of it required professionals. Ishkr had taken one look at Liska mopping water down the stairs and made the call.
Silveran’s Cleaners were here, and they danced like the [Princess] had once shown them. In fact, some of the larger shops and places where they worked had requested that the Antinium do this.
It wasn’t always efficient, but eight Antinium swirling around the inn’s floor like waltzing [Cleaners]—well.
Even Erin Solstice was staring. Even for The Wandering Inn—
“Wow. Silveran is amazing. Did you know he could do this, Lyonette? Did Pawn teach him? Lyonet—”
The [Innkeeper] turned her head, and the [Princess]’ bulging eyes were her answer. Pawn beamed as he took her hand.
“Silveran is very profitable. His business, like Garry’s, is one of the ones the Free Queen has approved.”
Dame Ushar’s eyes darted to the Antinium, and Lyonette jerked. She patted Pawn’s hand and gave him a warning smile.
“Thank you, Pawn. I—it’s so elegant. Calanfer would have [Cleaners] doing this with the Eternal Throne if we’d thought of it!”
“By Marquin’s sword—I shall recommend it at once!”
Ser Sest shot to his feet, and the Thronebearers were distracted. Pawn sighed, but then turned to Mrsha.
“How did you conjure so much water, Mrsha? I can only do two cups. Although mine is drinkable.”
She glared at him. Mrsha was wrapped in towels and grumpy. She wrote on the only good paper she had left; Belavierr had ruined a lot of her writing supplies.
“The stupid Belavierr! She was in my dreams!”
“Do we need to take precautions against hexes or dreams?”
Lyonette was horrified. She turned, and the Horns looked up from watching the entire event. Ceria scratched at her chin.
“…That’s not something Wistram teaches. I doubt even Ullsinoi knows how. But then again, Belavierr is a legend. So yes. If Mrsha’s not dead—maybe just ‘yes’ in a general sense for all of us. What a way to start the day, eh? Alright. I’ll have two sausage hot dogs to start off with all the condiments. And then we’ll see how I feel.”
She turned to Ishkr, and Yvlon looked askance.
“Ceria, really?”
Even Ishkr hesitated.
“…All nine toppings, Miss Ceria?”
“Nine? I thought there were seven. Let’s see. Ketchup, mayonnaise, relish, fish paste sauce, acid flies, that’s five—pork shavings, and, uh—sour cream?”
“—And honey and mustard.”
“Oh, right. Yeah, put all nine on there. Let’s see what happens.”
Ceria rubbed her hands together as some of the other guests of the inn turned green despite themselves. Hexel broke off from inspecting the water damage.
“—It’s just as well we’re changing the inn, Erin. I have you for your ‘big plan meeting’ in two days, but I would have bumped it up if only to help you sort drainage. Happily, there’s an Antinium tunnel to their Hive which did all that. As for that breakfast, I think I need mine to go. I’ll eat with, oh, Councilmember Elirr since the inn is wet. May I see what you have? Before Miss Springwalker gets her food, or I’ll be regurgitating mine.”
“Of course, Hexel! Sorry.”
Erin waved at Ishkr, and Yvlon folded her arms.
“Ceria, there’s no way it’ll taste good.”
“Complementary flavors, Yvlon. Name one thing that doesn’t go well together.”
“Acid flies and honey?”
“Delicious. Honey goes well with everything.”
“Sour cream and fish paste?”
“Double sour.”
“But with the honey…?”
“Contrasting flavors. Pisces, you want in? Ksmvr—”
The Antinium [Skirmisher] opened and closed his mandibles, for once not leaping at the opportunity to show group cohesion.
