9.08
Page 25
“Let her in and shut the window!”
“But Normen—”
The [Knight] was running up the hill. He threw Mrsha up, and she landed on the roof and scampered up. Just in time—a [Spy] leapt up after her, slammed into the window a second after Erin closed it, and tried to open it.
Locked. And Bird’s door was closed. The second and third floors were now closed off, and Erin shouted.
“Break my windows and Shriekblade will poke you with her knives. Alright, guys. We’ve done it.”
She looked at her squad. Numbtongue, Mrsha, Ulvama, Octavia, Bird, Erin herself, Lyonette, Ishkr, Liska, Ser Dalimont, and Ser Sest. The others had sacrificed themselves for this.
“This is such a silly game, Erin.”
Lyonette looked exasperated as she checked to make sure Chaldion wasn’t breaking anything other than the magic walls. Erin shrugged.
“Eh, it’s funny. Now, um…did anyone find the [Garden of Sanctuary]’s door?”
That was the plan while they all searched. Liska raised one paw.
“It wasn’t in the basement.”
“Damn. Kitchen? Outside?”
“I walked all the way around the inn, Miss Erin. No door.”
“Second floor? Third?”
“I looked from the roof, but nothing, Erin.”
“It’s in no one’s room—I couldn’t open some of them, but Erin, you can’t just call it?”
The young woman’s face fell.
“No. And I’ve been trying. All I have is this key.”
She waved it around, annoyed. The garden’s door should have been there!
Mrsha stared at the door and then eyed the thumping on the magical walls. They weren’t lasting long.
“The door’s the wrong one. Belavierr said the door had changed.”
“It did? I mean—I don’t have another door besides the portal one. Maybe I have to summon it? Come forth, the real door to the [Garden of Sanctuary]!”
Erin spoke grandly, pointing at the hallway wall. There was a shout, muffled by Ceria’s ice.
“She said the garden! Erin, let us in!”
“Ah, heck. How’d Relc run back so fast? Wait, how’d he get into the inn? Darn. I thought we’d find the door and—”
Erin was panicking slightly as everyone thought. If they had a Ryoka Griffin here, the expert in fae rules, Erin was sure they’d have figured it out.
And credit where credit was due…Ishkr peered at the unique key. Lyonette inspected it as she turned to Ser Dalimont.
“That key looks like it fits a very magical lock. I can’t imagine it would work unless it was magic. Maybe the motif—it looks sort of like plants. It needs something to do with plants? Garden? Plants?”
“Maybe. Or maybe you need a [Druid]? Mrsha, what if you—”
Click.
Everyone turned. Ishkr looked up and blinked. The key was sticking out of Erin’s door. He’d closed the door, inserted the key, and turned it in the lock.
There was no way Erin’s key should have fit that door. Especially given the size. Yet, as Erin’s eyes bulged, she saw the key was smaller in the lock than before.
“Ishkr?”
“I…wondered if it would fit any door. The garden’s door was always there. So if you had a key to no door—”
The sensible, logical [Head Waiter] gestured. Ulvama slapped her face.
“Duh. Everyone is stupid but Gnoll. Including me.”
“Ishkr! You genius!”
Erin reached for the handle as Ceria’s ice wall cracked and someone began kicking down the bone wall. She hesitated.
Then looked around.
Wait a second. This was really silly. Why was she making a game out of this? Erin supposed that she just didn’t want a crowd to invade whatever the garden was. She wanted something of the discovery, like when Mrsha had wandered into it the first time.
“But this is really silly, even for me. Maybe I’ve gotten a bit too pranky, guys.”
