9.08
Page 3
Erin knew of a bare handful of examples. Ryoka had mentioned Mihaela Godfrey, the Guildmistress of First Landing, had a legacy Skill. Erin had thought it was cool—although the idea of an oxygenless road sounded awful to her.
Now, Mihaela was on the top of Erin’s list of people to meet. The young woman lay there and realized two things:
I can’t let Chaldion/Niers/Grimalkin/someone else know about this right away.
And secondly—
There’s something under my pillow.
Erin’s heart pounded harder as she stuck a hand under her pillow. Just like the tooth faerie, just like, well, a story…she froze when she actually touched something hard and cold.
A key. And larger than Erin had thought! It wasn’t a modern key, but one of those old ones as long as her hand.
She gasped when she pulled out the Key of Reprieve, because one look told her that this was a magic key.
It was the subtle things, like the cloudy, rusted iron metal that looked plain—but revealed some glittering, blue, amber-like material within, clouded and laced with pearl. The handle of the key was shaped like a feather. Like…well, Erin didn’t know feathers, but it looked distinctive, flared at the edges in an odd cut pattern.
The teeth of the key were also different, not simple at all. It looked like someone had taken a square of metal and cut a series of tiny, wavy shapes out of it such that the teeth looked like twined grass, plants—and nigh impossible to use in a regular lock.
It wasn’t that heavy, and as Erin held it, she felt something rush through her hand. A kind of expectation.
A key for a door. Erin Solstice’s breath caught, and she tried to push herself out of bed. Then she remembered she couldn’t walk and groaned.
“Oh, come on!”
But nothing could deter her from crawling over to her chair and inserting herself into it. Erin rolled towards the wall. First bisque, then she’d tell—no, she needed to be careful.
New Erin. New [Knights] like Normen—new inn. She had to actually think, so Erin slowed down a second.
“…Don’t make a fuss. Play it cool. Everyone’s gonna talk about Normen. No one knows—”
Unless my new chess set is bugged.
Erin’s eyes narrowed as she turned her head. An innocent Fraerling stared back at her from her desk. She had asked Palt, and he said it wasn’t enchanted like that to his knowledge—but that if anyone could fool an Ullsinoi Mage, it was Niers.
“—about the Walled City of Shields. I could post that quest, but Chaldion makes just too good an offer. Damn. I’ve gotta tell him.”
Erin amended her statement. And if that doesn’t get Venaz bothering me within the hour, it’s probably not enchanted to listen to me.
The [Innkeeper] continued her planning mentally, since, to her knowledge, telepaths didn’t exist in the—in Izril at this moment, at least.
Okay, play it cool. The Garden can’t be entered, so I can explore with a crew. Normen needs his gear, and damn—I told Jewel I’d offer her some opportunities. Rabbiteater might have written me back! Or Ryoka! I’ll do all that and make a mess in the kitchen and pretend I’m tired.
Erin had big plans for the Order of Solstice, but this clearly took priority. She hesitated as she put her hands on her wheelchair.
“Oh—come on! I’ll work on it later! This is special!”
She lowered her head as her conscience nagged her.
“This Yelroan guy better be good at his job. Okay—do some important work before midday. Perfect.”
Maximum distraction-Erin. She rolled forwards determinedly and crashed into the wall. Erin jammed her knees straight into the wood before bouncing off.
“Ow! What the heck?”
