9.08
Page 6
“I—I will participate in this shared trauma, which I understand is a unifying force, Captain Ceria. Despite my clear reservations.”
Pisces instantly refused, but Kevin leaned over seriously to talk Ceria out of it.
“Ceria, you can’t do this.”
“Oh, come on, I’m paying for it, I like weird food—is it because it’s two? That’s a lot for my stomach. Tell you what, Pisces, Ksmvr, Yvlon, everyone takes one bite. Mrsha? You too? Excellent.”
Ceria rubbed her hands, but Kevin forestalled her.
“No. Listen—”
She turned to him, surprised by the look on the easygoing young man’s face. Kevin glowered.
“—you can’t have a hot dog without chili. Cheese! How are those not toppings? Baked beans too! Onions, avocado—wait, have we discovered those yet? Um. Coleslaw? Mac and cheese I’ve seen, too. Put all of them on, and I’ll have one too. Minus the flies.”
Ceria looked at him with delight, and Kevin raised a hand to high-five. Mrsha nodded excitedly, and Lyonette tried to remove her daughter from the equation.
“I don’t believe Mrsha needs to eat that. You two are welcome to your…food. But she—”
“She nearly drowned, Lyonette! She deserves a treat. You only live once.”
“Yes and I want her to survive breakfast!”
 
——
 
That was the kind of quality conversation you heard at The Wandering Inn. A Centaur shook his head as he trotted out of the inn.
He was still staying here. Mainly because Imani was—and that might soon change. Not that they’d sleep at Timbor’s inn, though the Drunken Gnoll was fairly nice.
No, they were thinking of a studio apartment over her kitchen. They had to build it first, but the Antinium had offered very lovely rates, and Hexel had said he’d do some personal designing and use two of his Skills if Imani gave him some exclusive dinners for a small company.
Everyone liked the best [Chef] in the city. It opened doors. To Palt, the veteran of Wistram’s secrets and politics, Liscor was easy-mode. He was Imani’s helper—and romantic paramour—which was how he liked to introduce himself, much to her chagrin.
But he was also the horseshoe behind Imani’s rising star. Namely, the horseshoe that played other, rival [Chefs] against each other. The ones looking to sabotage Imani or smear her name.
Palt was no amateur in the world of underhandedness. Culinary underhandedness, now? He’d had to call in a few favors, but Ullsinoi were full of rogues. Even their membership had a few cooking enthusiasts, and they’d taught him a few tricks for a few recipes.
For instance, one of them bore fruit as Palt did a daily check. He was in Barehoof Kitchens, the place he and Imani were running, when he halted a Street Runner doing deliveries with a bag of holding.
“Oho. Hold on. Your delivery’s been sabotaged.”
“What?”
The Drake girl looked alarmed and nervous. Palt was inspecting some of the basic cooking goods that Imani had ordered.
“Did you get this all from the same supplier? Or was it through the Merchant’s Guild?”
“I—I don’t know. Believe me, Mister Palt, I would never—”
“No, of course not.”
Palt had already checked the Street Runners. But he showed her what he’d found.
“This bag of flour? Someone’s mixed a bunch of salt and sugar into it.”
“How can you tell?”
The Centaur smiled knowingly.
“Diffusion spells. It’s calibrated to detect if there’s two materials mixed together. Handy for an [Illusionist] or someone doing quality-control. Interesting—I don’t think the Merchant’s Guild is behind this.”
“Why not?”
Palt indicated the bag.
