9.08
Page 38
Both hesitated—but then Normen gave her a bow. And that was why she liked them. They knew, unlike Lyonette’s Thronebearers—
Sometimes a fellow or a lady had to be alone. So Erin walked out of this garden, leaving the door open to the first one.
She was alone, for a moment, and felt the strength magic leaving her. But she had twenty minutes before it fully wore off, so tiredly, she hobbled up the hill. Then she realized she had one last person with her.
“Apista! Sorry, I forgot you can’t fly. Do you want me to bring you back to Lyonette?”
The bee was perched on her shoulder. Apista fanned her wing vehemently. Take me away from those evil fish! 
Erin got the message. The [Innkeeper] laughed, and she and the bee climbed the hill. Then, Erin was almost fully alone. But Apista was good company, and so Erin looked around.
Two gardens and more. Her guests were in one, her family, another. She didn’t mind that, really. But Erin Solstice played a game against everyone, whether they knew it or not.
She held the Key of Reprieve up and stared at it.
Just a tiny bit of its true color, poking through all that rust. So old that magic had rusted? A key with a Harpy’s feather.
Empress Sheta, a Harpy, had been the first owner of this Skill, so Eldavin had told her. She had owned this key.
Had the other owners of the gardens? Or had they received a copy of the first garden and never realized the truth? Why had Erin…?
“Maybe it’s the statues. Maybe it’s because I was dead. Maybe it’s more. Apista—can you keep a secret? Even from Lyonette and Mrsha?”
Apista fanned her wing and used one of her remaining legs to pat Erin on the shoulder. She could keep great secrets! Like Belavierr’s eye or her honey. Not even the Titan would know.
Erin smiled and patted her gently on her head. Then she looked around and raised the key.
“…There are a lot of doors around here. But there’s only one true one, isn’t there? Garden? I’d like to open it now.”
Erin waited. From the top of the hill in the middle of the [Garden of Sanctuary], Erin could see the dome covered with old vines, circling this peaceful place. And now, instead of a single door—she saw many.
Erin stood on the hill, amidst yellow Faerie Flowers growing taller, awakening next to the glowing Sage’s Grass. The door to the sakura garden lay to her left. Erin could feel her family within, wandering it—and she could hear Bird’s laughter and Mrsha splashing around in the koi-infested waters from where she stood, a glimpse of two men standing on the bridge.
The [Innkeeper] looked around, and for a second, another door opened across the dome, showing a bunch of people throwing snowballs at the Snow Golems, digging energetically. Two doors at once—as if this garden was now a crossroads of the inn. Relc lifted a snowball and, without mercy, hit Wil in the back from six feet away. Erin laughed as the [Lord] went sprawling, but with sympathy too.
She continued turning, and the door to the inn was there, laughter and arguments pouring forth. Peki did a running leap, slammed into the invisible barrier, and Erin waved apologetically. A scrying orb on the floor reflected a single Squirrel-woman, peering at her, and Erin winked at Foliana. Even from so far away—she was sure Three-Color Stalker winked back. Then the [Innkeeper] turned all the way around.
—And there it was. She recoiled as a door appeared in the hill in the center. As if it had been there all along.
Apista fanned her wing excitedly as Erin backed away and looked up.
