9.08
Page 10
Low-level and far weaker than regular enchantments a Gold-rank adventurer carried, but Hedault himself had worked on it because the novel design meant that Hilten could tap you two dozen times with the nimble blade. And you would not be laughing with your arms numb when he ran you through with it.
…Did this matter? Well, only if their team would become famous. Right now, they were new to Gold-rank. They hadn’t emerged with a bang like the Horns, but they’d earned their certification well enough, mostly from their levels.
They had not yet made their mark, but they were going to. The eternal refrain of teams who weren’t world-famous. Now, it seemed like their ship had come in. Erin Solstice, the same person who had turned Jewel into a daytime alcoholic, had suggested Jewel talk to her about a kind of contract like the one Todi had with Selys.
Or even, perhaps, joining the Order of Solstice? They had a chance to become part of the news, and not as a laughingstock.
However, Jewel was relaxed this morning. She ate and reassured her two teammates she was out of her funk. But—surprisingly—she was reticent about visiting The Wandering Inn.
“Listen, you two. I appreciate Miss Solstice snapping me out of my silly mood. That was embarrassing. But it reminded me, once I sobered up, that we are Gold-rank adventurers.”
“New ones. We’re not even a year in, and the Horns are world-famous. We’re not, Jewel.”
She waved this off from Hilten. He was as cautious as his class and fighting style indicated.
“Yes, but we are Gold-ranks, Hilten. One of the youngest teams to get here! Erin Solstice is important, but think about it—do we want to work for coppers on gold just for her fame?”
Hilten and Toimt exchanged looks.
“—I think she’s pretty important, Jewel. Everyone in Liscor knows her inn, even if they don’t know her.”
“Yes, yes. If she wants to make a serious offer, we’ll hear her out. I just don’t want her to think she can embarrass us and offer us bad rates. We’re a Gold-rank team. Just remember that.”
Jewel leaned back, projecting reassurance to her teammates. That was right. No more being pushed around. She was reaching for another devilled egg when someone spoke up.
“Hey, Jewel! Mind if I scoot by for a sec?”
Jewel looked up. She was about to glare at whomever was speaking to Gold-rank Jewel when she saw Captain Jelaqua Ivirith of the Halfseekers.
“Oh! Captain Jelaqua! Sit—good morning. Anything up?”
Jelaqua sat down with a big smile. She was actually joined by Seborn, Ulinde, and a more cheerful Moore this morning.
“Hey, guys, we just came through Pallass. The door’s a bit odd right now—Erin’s apparently gonna raise rates. Ouch, and she’s renegotiating with the cities. But we’re friends of the inn. I’m heading back for a hot date with Maughin, but I wanted to catch you all. Are we taking your time?”
“Not at all. What do you want to order? We’re almost done with breakfast, but we have these nice eggs—”
Did they want to talk business? Pool gold to buy one of the artifacts? Jewel didn’t know as Jelaqua waved that off.
“Nah, I’ve got to get going soon. Just a word. Hot date. Maughin. Me.”
The rest of their team rolled their eyes as she emphasized that. Seborn leaned forwards.
“By hot date, she means she’s keeping him company while he works.”
Jelaqua elbowed him hard, and Jewel laughed politely. The Halfseekers sat down as Moore smiled.
“Have you been to the inn this morning? I saw it was flooded.”
“Flooded? But the door still works, right?”
Jewel’s nightmare would be being stranded and going back four hundred miles to Invrisil. Jelaqua waved this off.
