9.08
Page 2
The [Stitch Witch] was no friend to Mrsha, but as one mother to another, she supposed that it was well for the child’s guardians that she could not speak normally. She snapped her fingers.
“I have no time for dreams. Another omen. Another mystery. If this owner finds the truth behind the door, won’t you dream of me, Mrsha? Such secrets are worth far more than even all the luck I stole. Now. To waking for you and my task for me. But a bit of revenge, first.”
She leered at Mrsha, her lips curving up in a toothless smile, like a black void. Mrsha backed up. She shook a fist at Belavierr.
“You don’t scare me! I have the door! You can’t get in you—stinky—person!”
Her insult game got bad when she was scared. Belavierr’s smile widened. Then that horrible thing in nightmares happened. You know, when you thought you were scared beyond belief? That moment when you were lying paralyzed in bed, sure a monster was around the corner, ready to leap out?
Just when you thought the nightmare couldn’t get worse—it did.
Belavierr’s eyes began to weep. Black, dark tears began to ooze downwards in a trickle, then a stream of water in umbral shades. Bits of seaweed, even a dead fish slowly poured out her eyes, then her mouth as she began to sink into the floor. Belavierr’s voice gurgled as she spoke, as if coming from…somewhere deep and wet.
“The door protects you even in dreams. I have sworn my oath to my first daughter. But tell me, silly little child. What happens when you wake?”
Mrsha stared at the waters rising in the hallway. She put one paw out as Belavierr kept sinking, and the water pressing at the Garden of Sanctuary was too wet. Too…real. Mrsha hesitated.
“What happens when I—oh—”
Then the [Witch] snapped her fingers, and Mrsha—
 
——
 
—Opened her eyes in her bed as Lyonette yawned and shook her.
“Mrsha, stop thrashing! Mrsha—”
The Gnoll girl sat up and began to howl a second before a wave of water poured out of the air. Lyonette’s scream was accompanied by the door to their room bursting open and a deluge of saltwater, a dead fish, seaweed, and other ocean debris knocked Normen and Alcaz flat as they headed downstairs for their morning workout. Mrsha lay at the bottom of the stairs, soaking wet, and shook her fist up at the sky.
She hoped Belavierr drowned down there. Wherever she was or whatever she was doing. Or got really, really pruney.
 
——
 
[Legacy: Garden of Sanctuary, authority recognized. Key of Reprieve granted.]
 
…And then she woke up. As sometimes happened, the level ups and announcements seemed to echo the moment she went to sleep and the moment she woke.
Actually—Erin realized that when she leveled up, she never dreamed. It was just the voice.
She woke, lay in bed for a moment, heart picking up speed until it was racing, and her eyes shot open as a spike of excitement ran through her heart.
Magic.
That was the feeling. Like the first time she had gained a unique Skill, [Immortal Moment]. The feeling of seeing the Winter Fae before they spoke, looking outside at a new world—making something beautiful like flame or food.
Wondrous moments like these were the things Erin Solstice wanted from this world the most. They made up for some of the bad, the ill.
Key of Reprieve? What the heck was that? Her authority, recognized? Did that mean she’d just been a…a…?
“A squatter? No, wait. Does that mean someone else owned it and they died? That sounds dark. Maybe it means I proved myself. Does every Skill like this work this way?”
