9.08
Page 20
The [Innkeeper] waited until Ser Dalimont raised a thumb and deployed a privacy Skill. Even then, she talked quietly, twisting her own ring.
“Alright. This is sort of related to Normen’s new class. Guess what? I leveled up too! Not to detract from your big moment, Normen, but—”
“You did? Erin! You’re so close to Level 50!”
Lyonette gasped, and Ulvama’s eyes bulged. Numbtongue’s jaw dropped, and Mrsha danced around in delight. Cake! This called for cake, dead gods damnit! Yet Erin wasn’t done.
“Yeah, but this was the weirdest level yet. Just listen—I didn’t get a Skill. I got something to do with the [Garden of Sanctuary]. I got…”
She showed them the Key of Reprieve, and everyone stared at it. Bird took the key.
“Ooh. So pretty.”
“Bird! This is all your fault! Don’t just take the key!”
The Antinium looked stunned at the accusation from Lyonette.
“I just wanted to look at it, Lyonette. It is not stealing if I give it back.”
Lyonette had cottoned onto the problem of the guests. She pulled at her hair in exasperation.
“Yes, but now Chaldion and the others will make a scene—although how bad would that be, Erin?”
“I dunno! I can’t open the Garden! I’m sure the key’s changed something. I was gonna investigate it, but I don’t want the others crimping our style.”
“So that’s why it’s not appearing. I thought Mrsha was just keeping it open somewhere.”
Octavia slapped her forehead. Erin nodded. She didn’t mind sharing the garden, but in truth—it was just so fun and wonderful that she didn’t want someone to ruin the experience by talking about ‘worldwide ramifications’ and essentially commodifying her new Skill. Like the [Strategists]. And it seemed like she had some agreement.
Bird still refused to give the key back—until it vanished. It just disappeared from his hand, and Erin blinked at it in hers.
“Whoa. See—that’s magic.”
“I just want to look at it!”
Bird pouted and snatched it back a third time. Lyonette covered her face.
“Bird, it’s not even a bird. It’s a key with a feather handle. Can’t you just…? I’ll get you another feather.”
“No, no, no! This key is special! Because I have never seen this feather before!”
Bird shook his head rapidly. The exasperated look on Lyonette’s face faded.
“Huh? Don’t be silly, Bird. It’s just a regular feather. Or an engraving.”
“You silly [Princess]. This is a fully-functional feather. I would know. I am Bird. I have never seen this…tapered end. It is actually shrunk—the pinion feather would be far larger. Perhaps even twice as long as the key? Yes, a wing-feather. One of the largest ones on a wing.”
Erin’s mouth opened. Bird expertly showed the others the key.
“See how tiny the actual fibers of the feather are? It should be about this big.”
He gestured with his hands. And that was a big bird it came from. Erin hesitated.
“What—are you sure, Bird? It could just be art.”
“Most artists who are not [Bird Watchers] cannot draw birds well, Erin. This is anatomically correct. But why the diagonal edges? I don’t know what kind of bird this came from. It must be a super-bird. A…”
“…Harpy.”
The word dropped into the kitchen, and Normen and Alcaz turned. Numbtongue blinked and then looked at the speaker.
Ulvama was staring at the key. The [Shaman of the Old Ways] blinked, and the slightly clouded expression in her eyes vanished. Mrsha’s head snapped up, and Lyonette stopped protesting anything. Erin’s head slowly rose, and she recalled something.
When Eldavin had walked in the garden, hadn’t he said that it belonged to someone he knew? 
Sheta, an [Empress] of…
