9.09 P
Page 34
Ryoka’s unfocused gaze drifted upwards as a [Healer] ran towards them. And she smiled with a confidence the other Ryoka had not possessed. Relief.
“No. No. My friend has it.”
Then—Mihaela’s head rose. She turned, and as Lord Tyrion Veltras knelt by his sons’ sides, a City Runner jogged into House Veltras’ keep and proffered a vial to a stunned Jericha. Unnoticed—she’d even taken a carriage part of the way here.
Persua delivered the cure.
History changed so slightly. Or was this how it was meant to be? Instead of a trick by the Circle of Thorns, Persua tricked them for the Wind Runner. She basked in the glory of Izril’s attention for one minute.
Until someone pointed out that Persua hadn’t done much. Ryoka Griffin, the Wind Runner, had taken on the Guild of Assassins directly.
Noass leaned on the desk, tapping one claw meaningfully as he turned to Sir Relz.
“Really, Sir Relz. Do you think just…sneaking by all the assassins is worthy of being named a Courier? Ryoka Griffin, I can see. The Wind Runner of Reizmelt; it’s a fine name for a new Courier. But this ‘Persua’—I just can’t see it. She did deliver the cure, plaudits to her for that. But it was such a sneaky, underhanded way of doing it. Like a—a—what am I thinking of? Some kind of animal?”
“A weasel?”
“That’s it.”
In her room where she was watching Ryoka recover, Persua threw the bowl of soup at the scrying mirror.
“No! No, no—”
Persua the Weasel. The City Runner. Not the Courier. Forever in Ryoka’s shadow? Persua had to reckon with that. But she didn’t have much time. Because…
As the summer was reaching its midpoint, Hectval pulled off their raid. And Erin Solstice died.
 
——
 
Full stop. Ryoka Griffin came running into The Wandering Inn with Persua. They saw Erin’s bier. Searched for something that could be done.
The same things happened, just differently.
Archmage Valeterisa was there early. She inspected Erin’s body, and there was nothing she could do. But in her research for Ryoka Griffin, she had come across an old ritual that made use of the Summer Solstice.
All it might take was the right place. The right offerings. Members of the Five Families. Persua saw Ryoka turn and call in Lady Ieka and Lord Tyrion’s debts.
But something was different. Something was off. 
The [Soothsayer] felt it, though he had no idea what had transpired at the Summer Solstice, only felt the fates changing along with everyone else. He watched hungrily, piecing together a puzzle—but not with clues so much as more gaps. He saw what was missing.
There was no banquet. There was no challenge of fae, no shining Melidore. There were shadows, but no six figures. Even the Crossroads could not encompass them.
But there was a door, and even now, Persua followed Ryoka Griffin into…
The Lands of the Fae?
Yes, and no. Even the crystal ball had trouble showing the confusing perspectives and lands the two young women went across. But what it did show was—odd.
A deserted forest, trees withered, only strange creatures dogging their steps. An ominous, broken city, where the buildings lured them into the darkness where things lurked and tried to consume them.
An empty field, a mountain with hundreds of holes fit for giant worms. All—empty. The only people they met, the only people, were a group of alien folk as lost and unnerved as the two. Travellers, exploring dead lands.
Dead—except for the center. The two had no guide. So they walked to the heart of these strange lands until they came to a ruined court. There stood a handful of strange, beautiful folk. But faded. But shadowed. Almost like ghosts or memories.
