9.09 P
Page 38
When it was done, Persua checked on Ryoka and helped her to her feet. The Wind Runner was staring at Persua, and the City Runner was speaking so loud and fast that she barely noticed anything else.
“Ryoka! Did you see that? I can fly! It’s like magic—what if I could keep flipping through the air? Could I actually keep going up? They couldn’t even touch me! I feel like I could cartwheel to Invrisil!”
“Persua—”
“It’s like I’m free! I could probably climb a castle or Liscor’s walls like this! I’m untouchable, I’m amazing!”
“That’s something others say of you. But I’ll admit—even Lancrel couldn’t do that.”
A voice coughed in Persua’s ear. The City Runner froze. She turned her head, then squeaked and tried to hide behind Ryoka.
For there was Mihaela Godfrey. The Guildmistress coughed into her hand and looked Persua over.
Then she turned, and a veritable crowd of Runners, from the famous Hundredfriends Courier to City Runners, were all watching Persua. Mihaela addressed the crowd and the scrying orb, and only then did Persua realize she had been on television the entire time.
“What we just saw was a City Runner humiliating three [Knights]. Which is impossible, because no City Runner I know can do that. A Courier is untouchable.”
Persua’s mouth was open wide. She looked at Mihaela, and Ryoka’s breath caught as Tyrion Veltras came riding back, a lance in hand.
“Does that mean—?”
The City Runner was caught between elation and dismay. Just from dodging three [Knights] for ten minutes? Mihaela glanced at her, and one brow lifted in amusement.
“Not yet. But you’re getting there. When you do—think of a better name than ‘the Weasel’.”
And with that, she strode off. Persua looked at Ryoka, and then she picked up a piece of broken cobblestone and tried to brain Mihaela with it.
But that—that was the start.
 
——
 
They called her a City Runner for a long time after that. Not quite a Courier, but in most people’s eyes…it annoyed Persua to no end.
However, the gap that had opened between her and Ryoka began to close with a speed that was only possible for someone with levels. The flying Wind Runner was still one of the fastest Couriers and hard to catch.
But Persua—Persua showed off. Not just her tricking routine, which had begun a movement similar to Kevin’s damn skateboards or Joseph’s football, but the way she, well, bullied people.
Or just made a point. Like when she challenged a Street Runner in Reizmelt to a race and cartwheeled faster than them all the way to Lupp’s farm. Her Skills were varied—and odd.
“How are you doing that?”
Fierre snapped in exasperation as Persua demonstrated her new trick. Namely, a cartwheel that picked up speed as she went. Persua winked.
“[Springtoes]! And [Ten Second Routine]. See? [My Stunning Performance]!”
She cartwheeled straight into a perfect 900-degree kick, as if she’d had ten seconds to figure out how to execute the next move from the instant her toes touched the ground. Then she burst into a wild series of flips and kicks that she’d decided to make her performance.
“Show-off.”
Ryoka commented as she sat under a tree, watching Persua. To which Fierre and Persua gave her the longest stare imaginable. But it was true—Persua leapt up onto a tree-branch and held herself horizontally, one arm holding the branch.
“That’s physically impossible.”
The Wind Runner shook her head—Persua was doing a superman pose, yet somehow she was perfectly balanced. When Ryoka climbed up to figure out how, she found Persua wasn’t frozen in place or using some kind of intense strength to do that.
