9.09 P
Page 14
“High enough so that, once, I was able to find clients across the world and dined with royalty. Famous enough so they knew me by a different name. But those days are gone, and I don’t believe I would enjoy the attention if some of my previous clients remembered me.”
Herove made a faint scoffing sound, and Rastandius swung his gaze over.
“You have your doubts, City Runner?”
“It’s Herove. I think you could have looked that up too, Master Rastandius. If you were so good—why quit? Or why remain here? Levels don’t decrease. You should still be world-famous.”
At that, the old man laughed and picked up some of the corn as Herove flushed.
“Soothsaying doesn’t allow me to predict everything! For instance—do you think I would have only one eye and be missing four fingers if I could help it? I don’t know many certainties, and the ones I do tend to trick me. For instance, I have learned how I will die. I have seen the portents of safety and danger—but I don’t know what dinner will be. Corn was a pleasant surprise, I suppose.”
He chomped down on it, and Persua spoke up.
“You know how you’ll die? Isn’t that impossible?”
Rastandius chuckled.
“If it was—what would the point of my class be? I checked my destiny, and it has not changed for fifty years. It could—as I will explain, by my work, the future changes. But I know how I will die, not when or where. It’s some comfort.”
“How, then?”
Raich looked unsettled by all this, and Rastandius grinned at her with all his teeth.
“I don’t know!”
At their looks, he clarified.
“It will be a complete surprise. I won’t see it coming. See? Somewhat comforting. But don’t worry, it’s just hard to see one’s own future so clearly. I can only do vagaries. For instance—this wagon, this sorry piece of trash, I know it will never be destroyed in an accident. More’s the pity. I was told I’d never have food poisoning, so I never bothered to wash my hands or all that nonsense.”
“Ew.”
All three Runners instantly checked where they were sitting. Rastandius grinned harder.
“Yes, you see? I doubted it, and while it’s true I’ve never felt ill a day in my life from what I ate—you could say it’s coincidence. You could…and most low-level people in my class can only do vague omens and hints. But you, Miss Persua, asked for the immediate future, and I predicted something within hours. Tonight, I will show you something far, far more concrete.”
His eyes flickered to the crystal ball, and Persua nodded. She produced a single gold coin, but he held up his hands.
“Ah—the price has changed.”
“I knew it. This is all a scam.”
Herove almost got up, but Rastandius interrupted him.
“The price is something Miss Persua will pay me back for. Depending on how the reading goes. If it goes poorly? Well—I’ll take your gold coin either way, but I have had great omens and poor tellings. That was how I lost this.”
He pointed at his eye. Raich looked at it warily.
“H-how did you lose that?”
The old [Soothsayer] smiled tightly.
“…When I was at the height of my craft, I predicted something on the sands of the greatest desert of the world. To a dead man, I told him that his ambitions would mean little, for they would be swallowed up by a boy who would do everything he wanted. Rule a continent. Set a world ablaze with his name. He threatened to have me executed, but I told him how he could escape his fate.”
“Does he mean…?”
“How?”
Persua saw Rastandius grimace.
