9.09 P
Page 28
“See? It’s dangerous. Let alone parkour or doing this. Frankly, most people aren’t, uh, flexible enough for this to evolve naturally. The basis for athleticism like this—”
She broke off as Persua did a running start, did a backflip, and messed up the flashkick. She landed with her butt in the snow, blinked at Ryoka, and then smirked.
“What was that?”
And there it was. Ryoka Griffin stopped, her mouth open, and she looked at Persua. Really—looked at her.
The young woman had never been the most outstandingly built Runner, even naturally. She had more of a sprinter’s build, and of the two, Garia was more suited for long-distance runs.
But what did suit Persua was—well, suddenly Ryoka Griffin imagined Persua wearing a flashy gymnast’s outfit. Standing on a mat, possibly with an angry sports-mom watching her in the background as a bunch of judges held up cards. Did that fit?
It definitely fit. Persua was born to be a gymnast. Or a cheerleader? Or…slowly, as Garia began practicing some kicks and Mrsha rolled around in the snow and ate some of the fine crystal powder, Ryoka began showing Persua more tricks. And Persua’s eyes opened wide as she found something she not only was good at—but liked.
 
——
 
The Persua of now, sitting in the smelly wagon watching Rastandius’ crystal glow from scene to scene, was slowly losing her temper again.
Like a bull slowly going insane until its eyes rolled up in its head and it smashed through the steel gates of reason, regardless of the damage to itself—she was losing her mind.
“Tricking? Flips and stretches?”
That was her talent? Rastandius looked patently amused as the other Persua began working a routine, mostly for fun. Mostly—just to show off.
She did a cartwheel to cheer up a crying little Gnoll, turned it into a handspring, and evolved it into a roundoff, a kind of variant where a cartwheel turned into landing on your feet with your back facing the target. She could do a spinning tornado kick, a move that looked exactly like it sounded, and with practice, do frontflips standing, as flexible as a Drake’s tail in oil.
…All of it useless in a fight. Or running.
 
——
 
Persua sat under a table, trying to hide as the consequences of Ryoka’s run caught up with her and Regrika Blackpaw smashed through Celum after the City Runner.
She was still a coward who watched her knife turn on the Named-rank Adventurer’s fur and hid, shaking with fear. So much so that Regrika went after Ryoka instead of Persua.
Was she any better at fighting? No. Was she that much faster?
She had never learned [Double Step]. Instead, Persua was a [Gymnast], a class unique only in that it was green. She was not much richer than before, and she had come close to death so many times.
There was just one difference, and it was a strange friendship. Such that when Ryoka Griffin left The Wandering Inn, left Liscor after all the death and trouble she had brought—Persua went with her. North, far past Invrisil, to a city called Reizmelt.
What made her different in those days? The Persua of now, this Persua, watched the other one. She saw…similarities, and differences. The same woman, but altered imperceptibly. Rastandius’ eyes were locked on the crystal ball, but they turned to his audience, gauging her reactions.
Watch.
 
——
 
“You’re not as cool as the Wind Runner.”
So spoke a twelve year-old girl, a local of Reizmelt. She pointed accusingly at the City Runner watching as Ryoka blew a bunch of kids on their parasailing landboats about. Persua…twitched.
“Persua.”
