9.09 P
Page 16
“I only know that our encounter might matter, Miss Persua. This could be what matters. It could not happen. Let me show you one of the services I offer. It’s often chosen, not always welcomed. The Crossroads of Fates…are visions of your future, Runners. But I caution you—do not chase them, but learn from them. For each one I show you?”
He lifted the crystal ball onto a pillow.
“—Will never come true. At least, not in this world.”
Raich sucked in her breath, and Herove struggled with the idea.
“So, you mean they’re not certain?”
“Oh, no. They’re as certain as stone. They just won’t come true in this world. In this…reality.”
He was trying to explain something to the Runners that another world’s grasp of times and reality would barely encompass. Rastandius clarified for Herove again.
“This could happen to you, what I will show you. In fact—if you learn from your possible futures, you may well inform your own future. But it will never happen exactly as I show you. When I predicted the King of Destruction’s rise, it was to the King of Hellios, Treland. But he thought he could simply avert it. Learn. Do you wish to see?”
“I don’t see why not.”
Herove blustered, but his face was slightly pale in the lantern-light hanging from the top of the wagon. It was getting late, and Persua wondered if it would be midnight when they got to her.
Well, good. Wasn’t that for the best? She sat impatiently, but willing to watch as Rastandius passed a cloth over the ball.
“Many people regret what they see. Lovers…lovers especially. I have a scar from a man who did not like seeing the many ifs of what might have been. These are not light tricks. The Crossroads of Fate is a term any true oracle knows, and one of the ways to make sure is to ask if they can read them. So, Herove Canidus. If you are willing—look deep and I will show you a glimpse. I passed the greatest capstone of any class three decades ago, but even since then…it is hard to show you the crossroads in their full glory.”
The greatest capstone? That meant he was over Level 50. But before Persua could speak, the crystal ball changed.
One second, the cloth was passing over fine crystal, not glass, but semi-transparent, even cheap-looking, perhaps, until you realized how fine the material was and that the sheen that reflected other lights never truly touched the depths. The next, an image appeared as the cloth whished gently over the surface, in a moment.
It was no scrying spell they saw. No…cheap magic.
A television screen from Earth, even the best ones, had pixels. They had—by their nature—a bright glow, that of electricity, that was unmistakable. Scrying spells, by contrast, could ‘fuzz’ and be indistinct, but never pixelate, because that wasn’t how they worked. They were still almost always unmistakably slightly slanted or angled or just—compressed, because they came through a mirror or a pair of eyes. When they blurred or defocused, it was like eyes did.
The picture in Rastandius’ orb was different. It was crystal clear, and despite the pun, it hurt Persua’s eyes and made her lean forwards, because she felt like she could see every detail, but the crystal orb was too small. Even if she pressed her face against the sides, she wouldn’t see, and it frustrated her.
Like staring up at a cloud or a distant object and being aware of the fine detail—it was a perfect image. A perfect image of Herove.
He was wearing armor. Or rather, putting it on, piece by piece. He looked—nervous. A few things instantly made Persua’s eyes widen.
