9.09 P
Page 8
She scoffed. The [Performer] had known [Fortune Tellers] and [Charlatans] and sometimes never identified one from the other. She had been in the company of [Hedge Mages] and [Mystics], even a [Warlock], all of whom had a rare bit of magic or Skill that the towns and smaller places would pay a few coins for.
But Rastandius claimed he was the real thing, and sometimes…the [Performer] picked up his card. It was a standard tarot card deck—but when she looked down, she dropped the card with an oath.
The other [Performers] looked around, and a man swallowing swords nearly cut himself as he tried to see whether one of the [Firebreathers] had lit themself on fire again. They just saw the juggler striding away from Rastandius’ wagon and put it down to the old man again.
Chuckling, Rastandius picked up the card. Yes, part of fortune telling, the tricks and laughter, at least, was just a bit of showmanship. Knowing something about the client and using that to draw a connection. Any regular card in the deck might mean anything.
Tarot cards. You could have up to twenty-one in a deck. Or as many as seventy-eight. Minor and major arcana, as they were organized. Each card had many meanings, like The [Archmage], card number eighteen. Or—The Dragon, card fifteen.
The Dragon could be wrath—or a challenge—or a symbol of might—or wisdom—and so you were right for skepticism, especially if you let Rastandius draw three cards and palm the one he wanted and you were paying gold to hear your future.
In this case, he’d drawn the first card from his deck. The [Fool], a standard across many worlds. The first card, the zero card, actually. But what had unnerved the [Performer] was…
Instead of the japing fool, the card was of a young woman mid-stride. Pinched and hungry as it was, never quite content, thin but nimble.
Persua stared up from the painted card as Rastandius shuffled her back into the deck. His eye, his good eye, seemed to glow.
“Ah, yes. Today might be an important reading after all.”
 
——
 
The carnival was as dreadful as Persua had feared. A woman juggling flaming pins into the air caught them and bowed as a few dullards applauded and some children gasped, but it was a poor thing in a world where you could literally levitate and fly about.
Then again, Raich, bless her heart, seemed fascinated. She pointed out the [Juggler] to Persua.
“Isn’t it amazing, Persua? [Mages] can’t do that so—gracefully.”
“I’m so glad you’re enjoying yourself, Raich. Herove, can you get us something to eat?”
“Right away. What looks good?”
“Um…let’s have that corn. Why is it on display? Oh, it’s red!”
There were little red and blue corns, and much to Persua’s vague amusement, someone was touting the crisped corn as if it were the greatest thing. She heard the vendor shouting.
“Lupp’s Corn! Get some corn from the famous [Farmer]! Eldertuin himself eats the stuff!”
“Eldertuin the Fortress?”
And predictably, there were some buyers. Persua herself drifted over, although she let Herove buy what were apparently spicy and sweet varieties of corn. He was just coming back with some hot and steaming when Persua’s ears perked up.
“All the way from House Imarris! Lupp’s Corn from around Reizmelt! The Wind Runner herself came from there!”
Persua’s face soured so fast that she didn’t even have time to take a bite before the corn was as appealing to her as dirt. She handed it back to Herove, and he winced.
“The Wind Runner? How many places has she…?”
“It doesn’t matter. Find me something else. That—popped corn? No, um—go check over there.”
