9.09 P
Page 35
“I’ve come to find a cure for death.”
Ryoka Griffin’s voice shook as she spoke to the last remnants of the court of…who? A figure with blue skin turned to her and replied in a high voice wracked with…regret? No mockery. Just regret, even sympathy.
 
“Not here. Not you, mortal.”
 
“What? But I—what do you mean? Aren’t we in the right place? Aren’t you…?”
Those eyes flickered over Ryoka, the lost aliens, and then onto Persua’s face. The City Runner shivered as the person who was half-here raised one hand. She almost smiled at Persua, sadly.
 
“No. This isn’t the right one. I am sorry. What you seek was never here.”
 
Then she turned her eyes up and to the side and stared hard at the air. At something neither Ryoka nor Persua could see, but the figure narrowed her eyes, almost as if she was staring at an invisible…watcher. An invisible camera. She turned back and sighed.
 
“We cannot help you. Go. Play out your fate, child. Seek—yes. Seek Ailendamus. They have what you want. Be thou well.”
 
And like that, in plain language, she bowed and turned away. The rest of her kin gave Ryoka and Persua strange nods and looks of regret.
A mystery. They would never quite know what that moment meant, but the outcome was the same. In part.
This time, Ryoka Griffin performed a seance with [Witches] to beg a ghost for knowledge of what the vaults held, and a Wyrm kidnapped her out of paranoia.
This time, Persua went after her and brought Sammial Veltras back instead of the Hundredfriends Courier and the Waterbear.
 
——
 
And here they were. Back to the present, where Persua the Weasel and the Wind Runner regarded each other, one below the other.
On the same day that Persua met the [Soothsayer] in one world—another Persua walked down First Landing with Ryoka, speculating on whether Tyrion would be interested in her now he’d gotten to a fine age.
“You’re not marrying into House Veltras, Persua.”
“And why not? You’re giving poor Pellmia a headache.”
Persua was teasing Ryoka. The Wind Runner laughed, turned the corner, and walked right into a group of three [Knights].
“I have you now, you knave!”
Dame Thuile dropped Ryoka with a boot to her knee. Ryoka Griffin was lying on the ground as Persua screamed.
“Ryoka—”
She dodged sideways with a scream as another [Knight] tried to grab her. Ryoka was being pinned by another [Knight] and Thuile.
“What’s going on? Get a scrying orb!”
Dame Thuile was standing over Ryoka, a beacon of fury.
“You thief and treacherous saboteur! I will bring you back to Ailendamus in chains and have you tried before the throne!”
“Oh no. Dead gods—”
Unlike in her other timeline—there was no Faerie King to make Rhisveri reconsider. Nor a huge war of the ghosts. Fetohep had sailed to the Meeting of Tribes with only mortal wrath—although that was enough to humble three Walled Cities.
But not raise new lands. Because of that, Ryoka Griffin had resurrected Teriarch, but the Archmage of Memory was dead.
Because of that—she had escaped Ailendamus with the Lucifen and Agelum’s help, and Rhisveri had declared her an enemy of state.
And because of that, Dame Thuile was triumphant as she prepared to capture Ryoka. Persua drew her wand, and it vanished as one of the [Knights] broke it with a single quick chop of their gauntlets. She tried a Tripvine bag, and the [Knight] drew a sword and cut her belt in an expert slice.
“Persua, run! Get Tyrion! Get—”
Ryoka’s head was ground into the dirt. The Ailendamus [Knights] ignored the lashing wind as Thuile called out.
“Capture the other City Runner. Quickly—to the ship before House Veltras arrives!”
