9.09 P
Page 12
Persua glanced at the old man uncertainly and then shrugged. She closed her eyes, lifted the dart—and tossed it straight down.
The point sank into the road, and Persua smiled mockingly as she opened her eyes. Now, the [Soothsayer] gave her a blank look.
“Come on, Persua. Just humor him.”
Raich murmured, half for the old man’s sake—he had to earn something—half because his attitude was making her uneasy. But Rastandius just called out as Persua bent down.
“Do not move it. You’ve thrown it where you please. Look. We have our destination.”
He pointed down, and Persua stared blankly at the ground. She saw the dart had landed among a lot of pebbles, kicked up no doubt by all the travellers. It was just above her shoes, which were placed together almost like…
Izril’s midsection. Was it just her or did she see some of the dust kicked up vaguely in the shape of Izril’s north? And along the bottom, Herove had dropped a piece of corn and some of the sour cream, and it looked like—
Slowly, Rastandius pointed to the map and touched a spot. Persua’s skin crawled despite herself. The map was old and didn’t have the new lands. But where the dart had landed, he pointed to.
The High Passes.
North of Liscor, slightly. Without looking away from her, Rastandius drew a card and held it up for all to see. He showed them a riding Stitch-Man, upon…
“The Chariot. It betokens movement. Among other aspects. War and trouble. In a broader sense…something moving quickly. What next? And why?”
The second card he pulled made him grimace. He showed them a grinning skeleton, eyes aflame.
“Death. Odd. A death caused this? Or…hm. An aspect of death. Not an omen of what is to happen, but why. And lastly—ah. Interesting.”
The third card he pulled he blinked at, and despite herself, Persua leaned forwards with all the others. The last card was simply a pair of scales like a [Merchant] would use.
“Judgment. Something…some equalizing force, some great weighing of the odds that will upset things to come. So there you have it. From the High Passes comes the Chariot at the behest of Death. Judgment waits.”
He looked around, and his audience blinked as the three cards, each one old and possibly magical, glittered in the light, ancient paint refusing to flake, as the map fluttered in the wind. Persua held Rastandius’ gaze for a long time—then she burst out laughing.
“Nice trick! A nice trick, Master Rastandius! And with that—I think I’ll see what’s in the tent. Come on, Raich, Herove.”
She turned and walked off. The old [Soothsayer] was left sitting there as Persua left the dart in the dirt and headed off in a good humor. He watched her skip off and then do a cartwheel, laughing. She was quite nimble, and Raich had been impressed to know that Persua could even do a backflip.
Ruefully, the old [Soothsayer] looked around as his audience looked at each other uncertainly.
“Well now. Would someone else like to get their fortunes told?”
 
——
 
Persua was still laughing about the old man after they visited the tent and found—of all things—a screaming bat-monster terrifying children, but tame enough to feed bits of fruits to.
She was laughing right up until a Street Runner came racing into the festival and shouted.
“The High Passes are unleashing monsters! Thousands of Eater Goats and Gargoyles are rampaging! They’re calling for adventurers—all of ‘em!”
Herove choked on his drink, and Persua fell silent. Her first thought was it was a prank, but she ran to the Mage’s Guild—then realized the Mage’s Guild was truly afire.
