9.09 P
Page 26
“To everyone except Garia. You bully her.”
“I don’t bully her—”
“You bully her.”
Ryoka stood with her arms folded. Persua tensed up, getting angrier by the second. She knew how this was going to end, but she kept snapping back.
“Well, I don’t think I’m too good for Magnolia Reinhart and that I know everything and I’m the [Moral Philosopher] of this age!”
Whereupon Ryoka put Persua into a headlock. But she didn’t fight Persua, because if Persua snapped, she would draw a dagger or fly into a fury, regardless of how badly Ryoka kicked or punched her.
It was that kind of relationship. Mutual distaste at times, but they had common friends in the Horns, even the inn where Persua had developed an addiction to blue fruit juice.
When did that change? Perhaps—with that subtle manipulator that even Persua took notes from. The [Innkeeper]. She and Persua didn’t really like each other, but even back then…Erin Solstice meddled.
 
——
 
Winter’s snows were already falling, naturally, across Izril when Erin Solstice beckoned Persua over. There were no Winter Sprites. There had never been Winter Sprites. Not here.
But there was still the request. There was still the job that was going to carry Ryoka south, past the Bloodfields. She was cagey about the details, but Erin whispered to Persua.
“Psst. Persua. Will you go with Ryoka and make sure she stays out of trouble? I’ll give you a blue fruit drink every day for a month. Two months.”
Persua didn’t know if she was being insulted or not. She opened her mouth, closed it, glanced at Ryoka.
“You want me to run with Ryoka past the Bloodfields? For free blue juice.”
“Um. Yeah? She makes it sound like it’ll be hard. Ryoka could use some backup, y’know? And you’re, like, her only friend.”
The [Nimble Runner]’s mouth worked silently for a good minute.
“…I’m not her friend.”
Erin gave Persua a blank look.
“You’re not?”
“No.”
“Well, if you’re not, who is? Come on, I’ll give you a blue juice for three months. Assuming I still have enough fruits.”
Persua turned her head to look at Ryoka. She glanced at Erin and had to confess, she really wanted to know what Ryoka’s secret client was all about. She bit her lip, hesitated—
 
——
 
Flicker.
The [Soothsayer]’s eyes were focused on his crystal orb. He frowned. Persua, sitting silent, thought she saw a flash of something. A momentary voice.
“Ryoka. It’s him. It’s—”
Two young women stood petrified in front of…some kind of figure? A floating mass of something in the air. They were terrified, panting, in a room of…?
“Strange. I can’t—”
Flicker.
Rastandius tried to hold onto the encounter, but the moment skipped by. To—
 
——
 
“…anyone else make it? Did anyone…?”
Ryoka’s voice was choked. Persua was staring at Ryoka’s missing fingers. The runner bled onto the snow. Snow, as pale as the little Gnoll’s fur.
Some things never changed. Behind them, the Goblin Lord’s forces advanced. Persua just dragged Ryoka onwards.
They would have never made it but for that tribe slowing the Goblin Lord down. Perhaps—without Persua—Ryoka might not have escaped them.
Or perhaps she would have. Persua kept looking back. Snow was covering thousands of Goblins, who were struggling out of the freak avalanche.
What had that been? Just luck? A Skill? A spellcaster? One of the Drake’s Skills? Neither girl knew. But the little Gnoll howled as her tribe perished. They didn’t know it, but a bargain was a bargain. Even if the ones who had struck the bargain weren’t there, fate remembered.
Always, and always, Ryoka Griffin carried Mrsha away through the snow.
 
——
 
