9.09 P
Page 44
Aha. A flag from the travelling fair. She had it down and bundled it with the handkerchief. Then she drew a Wand of [Sparks] and lit the oil-soaked handkerchief.
Calmly and carefully, Persua stuffed the burning cloth along the edges of the wagon and watched the old paint burning. Then she produced a bit of [Stickywebs] contained in a vial, an alchemist’s creation, and lined the bottom of the door with it.
Then she walked off. Persua stood, far in the distance, watching as the faint smoke began to drift upwards. Then a flame, growing.
It was conceivable, of course, he might sense it all, but it was hard to open a door like that, and she doubted he could get out one of the tiny windows. The flames grew, and she heard not a peep from within the wagon.
Only when they had begun to engulf the door, part of the wagon, did someone hear and see the flames. But by then, even when they rushed out with buckets of water, it was too late.
The old wood wagon burned fast and bright. The rest of the caravan began to hurl buckets onto the wagon, and someone called for a water spell. Anything! They were shouting at Rastandius to get out, but it was a bake oven inside, and even if he had tried to get out the door…
When the door was thrust open, the explosion of heat and flames inside nearly killed two of the wagoners, and they stared at the sea of flames and backed away in silence. Persua watched the wagon burning without a trace of emotion on her face.
She was turning to leave when a figure hobbled out of the darkness, saw his wagon, and fell to his knees.
“My home!”
Rastandius wailed. Persua spun around, a look of terror and shock on her face. Rastandius’ absence became clear as the shocked caravaners took him in. His robes were bunched around him, and he had some unfortunate leaves and, uh, toiletry paper still tangled around the hem of his robes.
He had gone into the forest, lacking an outhouse, and it seemed he’d really had a bad time. Not as bad as burning to death.
In dead silence, Persua’s heart began to race as people exclaimed and pointed out the freak fire. Only now did she recall something he had said off-handed as the [Soothsayer] watched his wagon burning.
“I know my wagon will never be destroyed by accident.”
He was looking around, searching the dawn for…Persua’s blood ran cold. Now, she began to shake, almost close to vomiting. She was terrified—but she held herself still, peeking out at him from behind a tree.
“—later. I need to rest. Just lend me your wagon. Later, I said.”
Rastandius was talking to the [Caravan Master], who was rightly upset by the prospect of losing not only one of his workers’ homes, but means of earning a living. Rastandius stood there as the other wagoners disappeared into their own wagons for a tiny bit of rest—or breakfast.
Now. Persua’s head darted around, and then she ran. She ran around a wagon and then slipped on a patch of mud. Persua nearly went tumbling, then she threw her hands out. She…
Cartwheeled. Clumsily—and then caught herself up right. In silence, panting, Persua stared at her hands.
Mine. And that sword! And…her eyes rolled. Emir Yazdil? Even she knew that name.
All of it she’d seen. But so had he. Persua almost tried to do a backflip there and then, but she hadn’t practiced. She…she knew she could do it.
