9.09 P
Page 13
The [Mages] inside were shouting and helping to send warnings, issuing clarifications, and bouncing [Message] spells. Persua stared at the pandemonium and heard bits and pieces.
“—Inform the Five Families at once. Any landed nobility in—”
“Wistram is suggesting a full evacuation, Mister [Mayor]. This is not a joke.”
“—Any Gold-rank Adventurers or Silver-rank be advised, the Adventurer’s Guild has issued a mass-bounty for—”
“Dead gods. Eater Goats? Have you ever seen them, Persua? I heard they’re horrific. They’ll eat everything and—”
Raich looked for Persua, and the City Runner was already pushing back outside. Not to the Runner’s Guild or the High Passes. They were far, far too far away for whatever was going on in the High Passes.
No. She wanted one thing, and now she was hoping he hadn’t closed up. Her eyes were alight, and her breath came quickly.
Fortune and fates. If he could do that with a dart and three cards…she felt it.
This was her moment.
 
——
 
The festival was packing up in light of the greater drama. The workers were grumbling, because the scrying orbs ate their business. But one wagon was still waiting for Persua.
Rastandius had done poor business and earned a few silver. But he smiled when he saw Persua.
“Aha. I hoped you’d be back.”
“You—you didn’t know?”
She was panting from having run back, and Raich and Herove were right behind her. Rastandius shrugged. Now that he wasn’t performing to everyone, his tone was more conversational. Yet no less certain.
“My work is like that. It’s not magic. Nor is it as certain as I would like it to be. I told you—I change things, and fate is a funny thing. For instance, I knew today would be bad for Irove, not why. In the same way—I knew you would be my first client of the night. It didn’t occur to me you’d walk off. I knew you might be important, as important as any reading, so I hoped you’d come back.”
He gave her a wry smile, and Persua blinked. Now that he mentioned it…technically that was true.
It only made her more excited.
“So you are the real thing?”
For answer, he just looked at the map, then gestured at the wagon.
“It will take some time for a proper reading. Your two friends are welcome, but I’ll take advance payment in that corn Irove sells. Buy me a dinner. Oh—and mind the ceiling. It’s cramped.”
It was indeed cramped inside Rastandius’ wagon. He sat at a small table, and Persua wrinkled her nose at the mattress in the corner and dirty bowls and, well, everything. He had all kinds of things hanging up—quartzite necklaces, charms for sale, all the things he could make a living off of.
But it seemed to her that the real things in the wagon were his deck of cards, the crystal ball, far larger than normal, and Rastandius himself. He gestured at them, then showed her a pair of lacquered sticks, an old cup, all of which looked more expensive than she might expect a regular [Fortune Teller] to own.
“Most of my tools of trade I’ve sold or given away. Or lost. These chopsticks came from Drath, a gift from the emperor before the current one. This cup I would never use to drink out of—I read from it in Terandria to a [Lady] and told her what her future might be. Three—no, four decades now—she read my fate in it for me as a [Witch].”
Unlike last time, there was no scoffing from the three Runners. Rastandius had proven something, and Persua leaned forwards eagerly.
“So you really have been to all the continents? What level are you?”
For answer, the [Soothsayer] just smiled.
