9.09 P
Page 42
He challenged her. Now, his voice was deep and wide, like a man twice his size booming at her. The [Soothsayer] seemed too large for the wagon, yet he pressed at her, and she shrank back.
“What are you doing to me?”
Rastandius was grand and imposing, like a prophet. He was twisted and grinning, enjoying prying into lives. He was wretched and desperate, trying for one last great truth.
Persua was cowering against the wagon. A hundred lifetimes were flashing in front of her, and she felt like something was breaking in her head. Rastandius pushed—but Persua kept whispering.
“Impossible. Show me. It’s impossible.”
“You two could have been the best of friends.”
His whispers were undeniable. Whatever was happening—Persua felt it pressing on her like a brand, forever changing. But one part of her kept repeating the word. It rose out of her mouth and spewed out like hatred.
“Impossible. Then—show me my greatest days. Show me how I died. For I will never believe it. Not once, not ever. Prove to me there is a way Ryoka Griffin does not ruin me.”
Then the [Soothsayer] froze. His eyes clouded over with uncertainty. He backed up, and Persua rose.
“I don’t know—”
“Neither do I. But I know, nevertheless. Show me.”
She advanced on him, and the [Soothsayer] looked at her. He hesitated, one long moment, and then passed his hands over the crystal ball. Persua, teetering in her mind, stared down.
Like Raich—she felt a mortal fear. For it was a terrible thing to behold your end. And it painted itself in her gaze like—
Glory. All the glory in the world. In a moment, she understood why this would be her most glorious death.
 
——
 
They would sing her name. Yes, sing it—but in this moment, the chorus was only wails of horror. A chorus of faces blind with grief and rage and…denial.
But free. Liberated. Even so, how had they come here?
Ryoka Griffin knelt, breathing hard. Sweat stood out on her brow, and she gasped. Only now did it seem like she felt her wounds.
Her arm. Something had torn it straight off her body. She was bleeding to death, but she barely noticed. She only bent down.
“Is he…?”
Persua rose, spitting blood. She was no less wounded, but she bent down and yanked something up. It came away with a tearing sound.
“Yes. It’s done. And he—he’s coming.”
They both heard it. A howl like vengeance, echoing through the corridors of this rich place. Torn silk, fleeing figures. More kneeling, weeping with relief or regret. Ryoka looked back.
“He’s free, but he doesn’t know it. He’s mad—we’ll never stop him.”
Persua laughed. She bent down and held up the head as the body collapsed. It was charred around the Faeblade’s cut. She showed it to the figure in the distance, to all those who looked up.
How had they come here? The younger Persua stared in horror at what it meant. But the older one simply uttered a phrase as if it had long since become commonplace.
“Let all those who hold chains beware. He’s dead. He’s dead!”
And then she threw Yazdil’s head across the room. Ryoka started laughing. But then she slipped.
“Get out of here. Do you have a way out?”
Persua calmly held out a teleportation scroll. She coughed as she opened it.
“Hold it a second for me? I need to activate it.”
Ryoka nodded dumbly and held it clumsily with one hand as Persua traced the words. The Wind Runner was gasping.
“Persua. Tell them…tell them I…”
She saw the other Courier step back. A look of familiar, uncomprehending stupidity crossed Ryoka’s face, then she realized Persua had taken the Windsword back. And the scroll was glowing.
“Persua? Persua!”
