9.09 P
Page 39
It was just that Persua’s weight had shifted until it was all in her hand. At first, she just thought it was a neat trick that allowed her to perform more confusing tricks in combat or for fun.
Then came the day that an exasperated Persua, watching Ryoka soar effortlessly over a hill, went running after Ryoka. The Wind Runner looked down and saw Persua run straight up a near-vertical cliff face. She redirected all of her weight so that each step carried her higher, leaping into the air with each step.
…Right until she wiped out near the top and nearly broke her neck on the way down.
 
——
 
Persua watched herself twisting and leaping across a continent’s stage. She was trembling.
This other Persua—she couldn’t fly, but she was untouchable on the ground and could climb and go anywhere. On a dare, she climbed up Pallass’ sheer walls from the outside and was arrested for three days.
“Remarkable.”
Even Rastandius hadn’t seen this kind of ability. He glanced at Persua, but his eyes flickered over the crystal ball. And then he did reveal his avarice.
Not just for the secrets. Not just for the potential of his clients. Persua didn’t miss how he watched her assignations with people in private, or how her Skills worked.
Could she be that laughing Courier, content to while her days away with the Wind Runner? Persua stared at the confident Courier, who even looked taller, signing autographs, posing with the Players of Celum.
Persua.
“This isn’t glorious. Where is my glory?”
Her fingernails were cutting into her palms. Rastandius heard her. His eyes lit up like filthy lanterns, painted wood and flesh.
“Impatient, are we? Very well. It may lack for context—but you want glory? Here it is.”
He grinned at her, and the scrying orb changed. It revealed a panting Persua, a cut on her cheek, filthy from grit and sand, stripped of her gear, wearing revealing rags, and the roar of a crowd. Jeering as she stared up.
 
——
 
“Here is Persua the Courier! Persua, the Weasel! Of Izril! Will she do better than the Silver Killer of fame?”
Boos. Howling jeers at that hated name. The [Announcer] mocked her as Persua felt at the shackles on her hands. Not her legs, but she had no weapons. And she was never much of a fighter.
“There will be no pity for her. Already—the signal is given.”
A veiled figure watching the coliseum’s floor from above had raised a hand. A thumb, pointed downwards. Persua stared up.
 
——
 
It was not Queen Yisame. Who…?
The panting Courier in the scrying orb looked around the Coliseum of Monarchs in Nerrhavia’s Fallen as [Gladiators] began to file through the gates. The crowd’s howling had reached a fever pitch.
This was no pretense, no act. This was an execution. The mocking [Announcer] was shouting.
“Weaponless? Will someone give this Courier a weapon?”
Even if they did—what would it do? Persua closed her eyes. She felt light, even now, but this was an arena. She could not run forever, and the [Gladiators] were nimble and quick. They had nets and worked in teams.
A few jeering guards hurled weapons into the sands after her, rusted swords, a crossbow, even a half-broken wand, a spear—
None of these things had ever worked with Persua. Even before she had learned she had wings on her feet, she had found them all so heavy. She didn’t have the muscles of a trained warrior, and even chainmail slowed her too much.
She waited, breathing in the rust and sand in the air as the crowds cheered her death. Persua stared up at the sky and thought she heard a voice on the wind. The Courier opened her eyes wide.
“Ryoka?”
