9.09 P
Page 24
However, they did end up leaving the Runner’s Guild at the same time. A resigned Garia watched as Persua began to head out and Ryoka went after her. They weren’t halfway through the door before Ryoka ‘accidentally’ shoved Persua into the doorway. An enraged Persua chased after Ryoka.
…She never caught up. Ryoka was taller, came from a background of running herself, and had been far more fit than Persua when she came to this world. At her level, back then, Persua had been, oh, Level 15.
Although she had leveled up from running with Ryoka. Even so, the Ryoka of back then had never been the most pleasant. For instance, she stood over Persua, nudging her with a toe as Persua lay, panting at the sky, having lost all her energy in the last hour of off-and-on sprinting trying to attack Ryoka.
“Hey Persua, what’s wrong? We have to get to Esthelm in two days. No time for lying down.”
Persua stared up at Ryoka’s mocking grin, her face drenched in sweat. She whispered.
“I hate you. What’s wrong with you? I thought you were just an arrogant freak, but you’re just—insane.”
Ryoka lost her smile.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
Persua struggled to sit up. She panted as she stared at Ryoka.
“I thought you were trying to be a hero at Albez. But then you did the High Passes run. You’re not a wannabe Courier. You’re just insane. And you’re going to kill yourself.”
The other young woman put her hands on her hips. She scowled and suddenly looked ready for a fight.
“I’m just living my utmost. You should try it, Persua, instead of cowering behind doing the popular things in the Runner’s Guild. I thought you wanted to level up.”
Silently, Persua stared at Ryoka. So long the other young woman grew uncomfortable.
“What? Spit it out.”
“Who did you meet in the High Passes? Why are you in a tearing hurry to get to Liscor?”
Ryoka’s eyes shifted south. She clenched and unclenched her hands.
“I’ve got…a delivery. I have to go. Unlike you, Persua, I have more I want to do and see. Keep sitting there if you can’t do the run. I’ll take your delivery and ‘credit’ you, even.”
She tossed her head, and Persua’s face screwed up with frustration and dislike. And envy. And…she looked at Ryoka’s back and shouted as the Wind Runner began to jog off.
“I may not be as fast as you, but at least I don’t loathe myself like you do!”
Ryoka Griffin’s shoulders hunched. She slowed and looked back at Persua. The two Runners locked eyes for a long time on that long road south.
 
——
 
They fought in Esthelm. After Ryoka Griffin broke Yvlon Byres’ nose in a duel, she egged Persua into a fight despite the weight difference.
Persua was no hand-to-hand expert. She went flailing after Ryoka as the Wind Runner jabbed and kicked her onto the ground, and Ceria called for them to stop. Right until Ryoka planted her foot in Persua’s face.
Then Persua snapped. Calruz never had his chance to see what Ryoka was made of. Gerial, Ceria, and two of the other Silver-rank adventurers had to pull Persua off Ryoka. They had to use half a healing potion for her bruised face and the pummeling she received.
On the other side, Ryoka had mostly scratches. But Persua had taken a chunk out of her arm. With her teeth.
When they left, Ryoka was flipping Ceria off, and the two glared daggers at each other. Persua sat there as the Horns milled around discussing Ryoka Griffin.
Then—
 
——
 
Weeks later. Persua sat in the strange inn she’d found, sipping blue juice. She barely reacted as someone halted at the table.
“Persua?”
