9.09 P
Page 31
Fierre was showing off her amazing flexibility as Ryoka watched. Like Persua’s legendary battle against the twelve year old, already enshrined in Reizmelt legend, Fierre could pull off most tricking moves without practice.
It just wasn’t fair, and, unlike with the twelve year old, Persua was having trouble beating Fierre. It was making her increasingly upset until Fierre pointed down the hill. Her home was on a steep plateau, and the hill was so lovely that some of the sheep would roll down it for fun, like Fluffles the Fifth.
“Can you do a handspring-thing down that? Or a cartwheel?”
Ryoka eyed the steep gradient.
“I’m not going to break my arms, thanks. Persua?”
“I—I could do it. What about you, Fierre?”
“Let me try.”
The Vampire girl, challengingly, did a little run up and tried to do a handspring down the hill. Halfway, she realized a cartwheel would carry her down. She did one handspring, slipped on the steep slope, and—
“Ooh!”
“Oh, dead gods!”
Fierre missed, hit her neck, twisted, and began slamming down the hill. She landed in a heap of limbs and got up, cracking her neck shamefacedly. But then she called up to Persua.
“Well—you have a class! You do it! I bet you’ll level! Do it and I’ll admit you’re better than me, Persua! Three handsprings or you cartwheel to the bottom!”
“Healing potions don’t fix broken necks, Persua. I wouldn’t.”
Ryoka whispered, but the City Runner looked down the hill and glared at Fierre’s mocking smile. Fierre blew her a kiss.
“I’ll kiss any wounds you get.”
“I’ll kiss—I can do—three handsprings? I can do that.”
The Wind Runner whispered urgently to Persua, but her eyes were locked on Fierre. The [Gymnast] backed up and took a few deep breaths.
“Persua—don’t—”
Persua did a running start and began to do handsprings down the hill. For the first two, Ryoka saw her form was excellent, a rapid rotation backwards, hands, legs, landing as she spun.
—But Ryoka had seen this before. She had seen a video of someone doing this down a beach slope. And what she knew was that no matter how good you were, what you couldn’t stop was gravity.
Persua began to speed up. And the handsprings became quicker. She began screaming not ten feet down the hill.
“I can’t stop! RyokaFierresomeonestopme—”
“Wipe out! Wipe out, Persua!”
Ryoka shouted at Persua as Fierre watched with her mouth open. She meant for Persua to wipe out—it would be bad since this was grass, not sand, but the longer Persua went, the faster she’d end up wiping out.
But Persua was too terrified to stop the handsprings. So down she went. Ryoka was running after her—until she realized Persua was accelerating to a speed faster than Ryoka’s downhill run.
“Oh no.”
Like some kind of crazy toy-person, Persua flashed down the hill, still doing handsprings. She passed by a disbelieving Fierre, who reached out for her and jerked back.
“Ryokaaaaaaa—”
A screaming City Runner was headed down the hill. No—down the plateau. And somehow, moving at a full-blown runner’s pace—she was still doing handsprings. 
Down she went, past startled sheep, flipping over rocks, flipping past a road and a [Farmer] who stared at her along with the horses on the wagon he was driving. Persua’s screams began to recede down the hill as Fierre and Ryoka watched. But they’d halted going after her, because they were laughing too hard.
