9.09 P
Page 15
“I told him to slay the boy and inherit the destiny. But I could not tell him how—only that one would die and the other would take that fate. In hindsight—that was what began the King of Destruction’s rise, when the neighboring kingdom of Hellios and their [King] made war on him. He could have abdicated his throne, left well enough alone and lived in the shadow of Flos Reimarch. He refused, and we all know what has come of that.”
The three Runners looked at each other, not sure whether or not to believe this. Rastandius tapped his wooden eye.
“The error in my reading…well, that man did not have time to exact vengeance. Unfortunately, those that loathed the King of Destruction blamed me. Perhaps—rightly. If I had never said that, would the King of Destruction have risen the way he did? I had made a prophecy with all my power, and the world suffered it. Or maybe it was destined, but for my arrogance, the Quarass of Germina, the one before the current, plucked out my eye. To give me perspective, she claimed. Myself, I think she just disliked me.”
He spread his hands and showed them his fingers.
“More bad readings. When I was a desperate man, I gambled fortunes. As I said, I am not certain. I can see—chance. Each time, I bet a finger upon steering someone to glory or fame, for a cut of what they received. I did it five times. The fifth time, I was allowed to rest and enjoy two decades of happiness—indolence.”
“And then? What happened?”
Rastandius gave them all a bitter smile.
“Well. Would you believe I had learned my lesson? I thought I had, because I made few prophecies. I enjoyed myself. I…did not take chances. And as a result? I failed to predict the Goblin King.”
“Ah.”
“Ah, indeed. If I had done readings, I would have known he would come to Izril. As remote as he was…no. I fled my very gracious employers the day he landed. Let’s just say that afterwards, I’ve been keeping my head low. I have made a few other prophecies, but my interest is finding…someone.”
He looked at Persua hungrily.
“Someone who makes the dice of bone rattle in the cup. Someone for whom I can do them a great service. Something—pivotal. Reveal something and rest my last years in peace. I tried to, with others, but few love knowing their futures. Lady Pryde did not. Neither do many of the Five Families. Magnolia Reinhart, nor Tyrion Veltras. As for Lady Ulva Terland…”
He grimaced.
“Well. Suffice it to say that I have pondered going south to the Drakes, or to other lands, but I am cautious of failure. I have very few chances left.”
Again, he held up his hands and showed them his face. And Persua—Persua loved it. Because all this, his grand hints, his story—it all meant that she was the one he’d waited for. It confirmed what she’d been hoping for all her life.
She, Persua, had a future.
“So, how does this work? Will you just tell Persua what’s coming and…? There’s not me or Raich in your visions, is there?”
Herove looked at Persua uncertainly, and Rastandius raised his brows.
“There could be. I believe your fates could well be intertwined in Miss Persua’s since you are in her company. However, for you, I will gladly spin your fates out. A Crossroads of Fates, perhaps?”
“What’s that? And if your Skills can only do one person, I think I should be the one.”
Persua interrupted urgently, worried. However, Rastandius just shook his head.
