9.09 P
Page 9
Herove walked off, handing the baby corn to Raich to eat. She was engrossed in the next act, someone eating a sword, and Persua folded her arms. The night’s air was brisk and cool, and the smells of a lot of good food were mixing with the less-pleasant smells of nature, horse manure, and whatever was in the tent that was making some children scream.
Goblins, a monster, or even something as ‘spectacular’ as a slime, Persua guessed. She had hoped for more. Still, the City Runner had thought it would be at least pleasant to treat her two friends…until Ryoka had ruined her mood.
So she took two steps back and grabbed a family heading for the stall.
“Are you having that corn? I wouldn’t.”
“Why not?”
A mother looked concerned at Persua’s serious face. The young woman looked around.
“I saw the owner picking some of the corn he dropped out of a horsepat. Just…maybe wash it if you have to eat it?”
The horrified look on the family’s face and the way Persua had not really lowered her voice was enough to stop the people heading towards the stall. Persua watched, satisfied, as the vendor looked around, confused by the sudden lack of interest.
“Persua, did you find anything to eat? This is good. Maybe try one?”
Raich looked around as Persua walked back, whistling. The City Runner glanced around and shrugged.
“Not yet. Oh—fine. Let me take a bite.”
There was something like sour cream and a bit of cheese on the spicy red corn, such that it was dubious whether there was more condiment than baby corn. But Persua took a bite, and her face lit up.
“Oh, it is good! Give me some. No—actually, let’s have some more. You buy it. I’ll pay you back for a basket of each.”
The [Vendor] perked back up as Raich marched over, and Persua savored the snack. By the time Herove came over with a ‘ham burger’, both women were eating, and they traded snacks with him.
“I want to know what’s in that tent. It’s only three copper to enter. Want to bet on what they have inside? I bet it’s a Griffin.”
“It screeches like one, but there’s no way they can feed and hold the thing. It’s some aggressive, smaller monster. I bet…a Goblin? I saw some in another fair. Persua?”
“Let’s find out. I don’t know monsters well enough.”
They were on their way to the big tent that was admitting people with vaguely-satisfied faces and heading along the mercantile wagons set up in the small fair. The caravan knew their stuff—they placed all their wagons together such that if you wanted to get one thing, you would have to endure the mild Skills of the vendors hawking bits of magical charms and so on.
“Anyone want a charm against bug-bites? Only a silver piece!”
“Healing potions too expensive? We have an ointment from the north! A [Witch] brewed it up for—”
“—Enchant your shoes, Runners? Horseshoes, shoes—I’ll add some magic and a ritual for luck!”
Persua did stop when she saw the [Hedge Witch] beckoning to her, but Raich tried to pull her on.
“Come on, Persua. She’s not even a real [Witch]. Like we’d find one here.”
“There’s always room for more luck in my life, Raich. Maybe…”
Persua loved lucky charms and curses, not that she’d ever done more than buy a few hexes and drop blood and hair on them. And they didn’t seem to work, but she didn’t mind spending a few silver on a dream.
She was just walking past a wagon that seemed to have no customers, the curtains drawn over a faded sign with a crystal ball and deck of cards on either side of a name.
Rastandius.
