9.09 P
Page 11
He was good. Persua wondered if he had a speaking stone hidden somewhere in the fair. She was half-tempted, half-annoyed.
“Give me one reason I should pay a gold coin for all this.”
Rastandius considered Persua, and then he smiled. Then he leaned forwards and whispered, and Persua jumped.
“…Because, I’ll tell Mister Toyle you ruined his corn-selling business otherwise.”
He grinned again, and Persua’s heart raced. How did he…? Rastandius’ eyes twinkled as he glanced around.
“I saw you. But then—I warned Toyle that he’d not sell well tonight. It was just a small reading. Now, do you want me to continue with the tricks or will you let me work my real art?”
He challenged her, tilting his head left to right. Persua was on the cusp of accepting, but she had to perform one last test. She’d met enough people claiming to be the real deal and ended up falling for their tricks. Rogue [Necromancers], confidence [Tricksters]—that was ironically how she’d ended up in the Circle of Thorns, hunting for real occult power among bad magic.
“You could do all this with tricks, [Soothsayer]. Do you know the future or the past? And if you’re so good, prove it. Something everyone can tell is real or not.”
Rastandius exhaled slowly. He looked at Persua, and she thought he might give up, but then he spoke in a slow, solemn voice more at home for a court where all listened with each breath bated upon his words, not the noisy fair full of chirping insects and laughter.
Yet for all that, those listening were drawn in, because his voice sounded so confident. So certain that they ate away at the tricks and charms of the rest of the fair.
“Soothsaying is an old art. Like [Sages], like [Oracles] and [Fortune Tellers] and even [Witches] and [Diviners]—the future from weather to omens is something all peoples wish to know. Yet I am no [Oracle] to receive inspiration. I do not rely solely on luck and the draw of cards like a mere [Fortune Teller], nor do I read only signs or the conduits of power like [Witches] and the rest. I go further. I look at if and when. Say yonder man trips as he walks the fair.”
He nodded at Herove, and the City Runner jumped and felt at his shield on his back uneasily. Rastandius smiled.
“I can tell you what will happen in both cases. And if I tell him—will he trip on purpose or never walk that spot? I do not predict the inevitable. I change the world when I speak.”
“And you haven’t spoken any prophecy yet.”
Persua pointed out to chuckles. Rastandius just looked at her, mildly exasperated, and reached for a deck of cards.
“Card reading. Fish entrails. The flights of birds—I met a [Witch] once who divined portents in tea leaves. I have a crystal ball, but I can do it all. You want a demonstration? Very well. Here. And here.”
He held the deck of cards, then flung something out from the wagon. Hanging there, Persua saw a map of Izril. Rastandius fastened both ends, then offered her a dart.
Just…a dart. Although she noticed the wings were made of metal, not feathers, and each was written with a tiny symbol. One looked like an eye, the other lips…
“Throw it at the map. But close your eyes first.”
The [Soothsayer] challenged her. He was shuffling the cards, and they made that pleasant sound as he ruffled them together—then flew up into the air and back into his hands in a complex pattern.
“And what will that prove?”
“Nothing. It will prove nothing. The dart will go wherever it pleases. And then I will draw a card—and tell you something true. You challenged me.”
