9.09 P
Page 33
Was she necessary? Did she change things or could Ryoka have done it all without her? Persua hefted a pair of lime-green boots out from the treasures of dead Couriers and adventurers, and Fierre helped her put on the chainmail. She snagged an amulet like a sunburst, eyes wide, and turned.
Then, she was a City Runner among City Runners. 
But not a Courier.
Not yet.
 
——
 
Mihaela Godfrey stood over Ryoka Griffin.
“Get back up, Wind Runner. And you? Artifacts don’t a Courier make. Your friend is at least brave enough to stand up.”
Persua hid from the Courier of First Landing, begging not to be hit with a punch as fast as lightning. Mihaela dragged her up, stared at Persua’s terrified face, and turned as Ryoka lunged.
“Get off—”
Down she went. Persua scrambled back and then lunged out with a knife at Mihaela’s leg. Without missing a beat, Mihaela kicked her so hard Persua’s eyes rolled up in her head.
“Persua!”
Ryoka heard the crack. One of Persua’s teeth cracked. The City Runner spat out a bit of a tooth. She stared at it, the blood, and then she charged, screaming, swinging the knife. Mihaela’s brows rose as she punched Persua.
Once, twice—she backed up and dropped Persua after eight punches.
“Now there’s a rabid rodent. But a Courier doesn’t get lucky or backed into a corner. You both fail.”
She jogged off, leaving Ryoka to collect Persua with Fierre’s help.
 
——
 
Not yet. Persua was depressed, angry, snappish with Ryoka for a long time afterwards. Ryoka went off to the Unseen Empire with Charlay and Alevica. Persua, geared up, did runs that had been difficult for her before.
Now, with Boots of Speed, amulets, and rings, she showed off, doing a backflip as she entered a town, laughing, but trying to get people to remember her.
Persua! As now, so before. Persua the Flipper? No, that’s terrible. Persua the Inspiring? No one would call her that. Persua the Gymnast just sounded…bad.
She wanted a name. But her acrobatics weren’t on par with even Lancrel the Leaper. And always, always—
When Ryoka Griffin challenged the Assassin’s Guild of Izril, the Wind Runner’s name struck a continent. When she ran on that death-defying mission…
Persua didn’t go with her.
Garia Strongheart, now the [Martial Artist], glared daggers at Persua as she helped Ryoka win free of Invrisil. The Black Tide marched against [Assassins], and an [Innkeeper] led an army for her friend.
But it was Maviola El, Saliss of Lights, and Ryoka Griffin who made that long run across the continent.
Twice, now, Persua watched the Wind Runner shining. Flying high, battling [Assassins]. The Named Adventurer turned a river’s crossing into a lake. Maviola burned across the lands.
And Ryoka…faltered.
Higher, the winds took her as she unleashed her magic and flew into the magical hurricane. But this time, her mastery was not so perfect.
It blew her wide, wide of House Veltras’ lands, and she landed with [Assassins] and Couriers making for her position. Ryoka Griffin staggered to her feet and faced the last Faces of the Guild within a hundred miles of First Landing.
This time, Mihaela Godfrey found Ryoka Griffin lying with crossbow bolts in her front and back, clawing at a broken vial. She bent down and wondered why Ryoka was laughing.
“I did it. Are they dead?”
The Guildmistress stared into Ryoka’s laughing face as she coughed up blood. She looked around and saw in the trickling liquid the hopes of Lord Tyrion Veltras bleeding into Ryoka’s wounds.
“They’re dead. But the vial—?”
