9.09 P
Page 20
For answer, Rastandius just raised his shoulders, which made her frown, but he spoke.
“All I know is that, whatever I show you—your two friends might well change greatly from what you’ve seen.”
Persua thought about that. Herove and Raich might end up together. That would destabilize the careful balance she had between them. She’d flirted with Herove and considered sleeping with him, but only because they were all partners.
Well, good for them. Just so long as they don’t forget how much I’ve helped them. Too many people did. As for Raich, she might need someone to make sure she could handle seeing two deaths.
“It could change their lives quite a bit.”
Rastandius nodded.
“And change the world in some ways, too. A [Knight] and a Courier…but when I saw you in my tellings, I knew you were connected to much, much more. A single thread can, somehow, alter the course of a war. A hero in a siege. But you, my dear—in so many futures, you matter.”
Persua shivered, and a smile sprang to her lips. It didn’t reach her eyes. Not yet. She scooted forwards.
“Then show me. Show me, and I won’t look away.”
Rastandius was almost as excited. Like a younger man who had breathed fate and glory into the ears of the rich and powerful—he wanted to see it all himself. The voyeur. This was how he glimpsed the future, why he did this. He spoke, his voice trembling a bit.
“I can show you many crossroads. Some—some call to me brighter. Which ones should I pick?”
Persua laughed.
“Do you have to ask? Show me when I—when I was or will be my most glorious.”
And so the [Soothsayer] put his hands on the crystal ball, and he closed his eyes. Persua leaned forwards until her breath cast a fog on the sides, opaque and dark as a mirror.
Until an image swam out of the blank facade, like a dream.
 
——
 
If. Persua’s eyes focused hungrily on the truth until they grew confused. Outraged. But she never stopped watching. What she saw was Persua.
The same Persua of now. The same age. Even, funnily enough, the same clothing that Persua had once worn. The ill-fated costume of lace and Noelictus-style black-and-white hung around her like some kind of macabre doll or maid.
It certainly made the people passing by her give her a second look. In the scrying orb, Persua smiled at the people passing. She waved, blew a kiss at a fan, and scowled when they got her name wrong.
“It’s Persia, right? Persia the W—”
“City Runner Persua. Thank you. Look me up, tell your friends you met me. Excuse me, I’m waiting for someone.”
She snapped at someone, tucking the autograph card she’d been about to hand out back in her bag of holding. Persua went back to folding her arms, a huge scowl on her face.
The watching Persua, the now-Persua, was confused. Was this her glorious future? Or maybe she hadn’t reached it yet. This alternate-Persua didn’t seem much better off.
True, she hadn’t nearly died by self-garroting herself on a wagon if she were still wearing that dress. But she looked neither richer nor…well, wait a second.
The other Persua was missing something. She had no Ring of Minor Protection on her finger. The greatest artifact that the real one had was missing. Was she then—better off without it? Or had she never gotten it?
Then the watching version of herself spotted something odd. This other Persua had terrible boots.
Just—awful. Scale-hide, lime green, and completely mismatched with her current dress. She had on a terribly tacky sunburst amulet and some mismatched leather gauntlets. She would never, in any reality, have matched that clothing with those colors.
