9.09 P
Page 23
A female voice that the watching Persua recognized. A half-Elf went skidding around the corner for cover and nearly tripped over the two Runners.
“You two—get to safety!”
“We’ll just run out. Are you okay? Did you get all the potions?”
Ryoka assured Ceria, and the half-Elf gave her a strange look. She glanced over her shoulder at the undead warparty in the Ruins of Albez, and Persua yelped.
“We will? You’re mad.”
“We got in, we’ll get out. You want to sit here for ten minutes?”
She really was mad. Both Ceria and Persua gave her the same incredulous look, but Ryoka was already gauging her exit. And when she started running—the other City Runner went with her.
Persua, panting as she tried to keep up with Ryoka’s longer stride. Screaming and ducking a crackling bolt of lightning as Ryoka laughed like the insane City Runner she was. And all the while, Persua was cursing Ryoka, spewing invectives as she ran.
“I never should have come with you! You’re crazy! No run for Magnolia Reinhart is worth this! You crazy bitch!”
“You said you could keep up! I thought you said you were a real City Runner!”
And there it was. Ryoka’s needling, arrogant smile. The same smile Persua hated. The superiority that oozed off her when it came to everything from running to being so aloof, like someone condescending to talk to their inferiors.
Wild confidence. Combined with the attitude that said quite clearly that Ryoka would do anything she wanted, from taking the best requests to ignoring the Runner’s Guild conventions.
Almost, almost—Persua had debated showing Ryoka what happened to City Runners who wouldn’t play nice. But she’d relented, traded a delivery to Magnolia Reinhart for a crazy dare with Ryoka Griffin. Do an emergency-run for a group of Silver-ranked adventurers.
The Persua running for her life, half-scorched by spells the undead Lich kept throwing, regretted all her choices. She and Ryoka hated each other, rival City Runners in the same guild. Yet unlike another time, Ryoka Griffin’s leg wasn’t broken. And unlike then—Persua watched herself smile. Unwillingly, panting with fear, but risking her life.
Rivals, not enemies. Despite that, Persua cursed Ryoka all the way back to Celum. She told Fals, and every other Runner, how insane, brash, and frankly arrogant Ryoka was. Then she flopped into a bed and leveled up.
And that was how it began.
 
——
 
“I’m going on a run to, uh…Liscor. The Horns are heading that way. I might as well. Who took the request to Esthelm?”
Ryoka Griffin was standing in Celum’s Runner’s Guild, checking on the deliveries. She had a frown on her face and was addressing a shy City Runner. Garia Strongheart murmured, her voice low and hesitant.
“Oh. I thought we could do that run together—”
“Sorry, Garia. Maybe later. Who’s got the request?”
Ryoka Griffin was impatient to go. She hopped up and down on her bare feet. Then she looked around, and a resigned scowl crossed her face.
“I should have known. Persua. You don’t run to Esthelm.”
A familiar head of brown hair rose among a gaggle of laughing Runners. Some glared at Ryoka, but most looked amused. Especially when Persua put her hands on her cheeks, looking mock-horrified. Her voice was no less sarcastic.
“Oh no. Did I take your delivery request, Ryoka? What a shame. I’m so sorry I got in Ryoka Griffin’s way. No other runner could hope to do what she does. It’s not like I don’t know the Horns of Hammerad either.”
Ryoka’s jaw clenched, but she gave Persua a big smile.
“Why don’t we run down to Esthelm together, then? If you can keep up.”
Persua lost her smile.
“Go to Rhir, Ryoka.”
