9.09 P
Page 5
“I think you said—‘oh dead gods, that’s another city she’ll ruin?’ Or something like that?”
Persua smiled, and Raich sighed in relief.
“That’s right. Thank you, Raich. And look who Ryoka hangs out with. That nag, Charlay, and Alevica the Witch. Heard good things about either, have you?”
The Street Runners looked at each other and shook their heads. Dustrider Charlay was notoriously difficult, and Alevica had been known to be the most unethical Runner possible. They clustered around Persua, young Street Runners and some of the City Runners—all young, looking up to her.
Persua gathered people to her. Not the older Runners, but she was always giving people advice. Helping out. Raich just wondered why…
It felt off. On paper, it looked like everything was great, but Herove had sometimes said—
Well, he was a [Knight]’s son. One of the rare [Knights] on Izril, and he’d inherited a few tricks from his father. Not that his father was dead, but Herove, or Shield-Runner Herove, carried an actual shield that he could use a number of Skills with. For all that, he was the fastest long-distance of all of them.
The as-yet unnamed Persua had the fastest and most enduring Skill in [Double Step], in theory, but her stamina and speed weren’t there yet. She, uh…also wasn’t much of a combat specialist. She could use a knife, but she just carried standard defensive tools.
But she had a dream. And that was to become a Courier, and well—she was going to do it. She just had to find her next step, and she would get there. Ryoka Griffin had cheated her way up, but Persua just needed…equality. The world was not fair to Persua.
 
——
 
“Only one Skill. One Skill, and I just don’t have a focus. Raich, you sprint from place to place. If you could do it for miles, you’d be a Courier—well, that and you need to look the part. Herove, you need to be a bit faster, but you have that shield. You could be Shield-Knight Herove. How about that?”
“I’d have to run with armor, and I don’t think I’m there.”
“Maybe not. I could help you pick some to practice with? Just let me know.”
The Street Runners were dispersing as Persua turned back to her friends. She sat very close between Herove and Raich, enough for them to be brushing shoulders despite the table being wide open now.
Herove flushed again, and Raich’s hand went up self-consciously. But Persua saw Herove trying to remove himself and threw her arms around both of their shoulders.
“Don’t you run off! We’re all getting there, guys. Raich, I told you, we will make sure you are radiant when you debut as a Courier. And you can pick out some armor, Herove—we’ll debut together and do a three-Courier run, like Hawk and Tritel and Salamani. I told you that I met them, didn’t I?”
She kissed Herove’s cheek lightly and rubbed at Raich’s hair, which she did for ‘good luck’, and the male City Runner turned red.
“You do meet people, Persua. I’m envious. I couldn’t get a word in.”
“Eh, Tritel was arrogant. Which is probably why he ended the way he did.”
Persua scowled, and Raich recalled how Tritel had been rude to Persua…but it felt rude to speak of the dead like that. She said nothing, just checked her appearance in a pocket-mirror she’d bought.
If Herove was distracted by Persua flirting…or just being close to him? Raich was reminded of her appearance.
