9.09 P
Page 41
Persua reached up with trembling hands and wiped away at one of the signs. The Courier exhaled—and the [Soothsayer] and Persua read the name down one of the long roads.
Mershi, City of Stars.
“The Crossroads of Izril.”
Rastandius’ good eye shone like a moon with wonder. He looked up, and Persua was caught. Watching herself, resting under the aegis of that ancient signpost. And seeing herself in the reflection.
It was everything she’d dreamed of. A promise of glory. No—beyond glory. Rulers greeted her like friends or someone they wanted to know. Wherever she went, she was either at the heart of an adventure or the herald of one for her fans.
Persua.
Persua the Untouchable. Persua, the Courier of Zeikhal.
Destruction’s Courier. The Runner of Pallass. Guildmistress Persua.
Persua of the High Passes. The Discoverer of the Crossroads. Drath’s Esteemed. Persua, Hell’s Warden, Persua—
 
The Windfriend.
 
Yes. That was it. No matter how many accolades. No matter how many stories…she was there.
Like cancer. Like poison, running across all of Persua’s triumphs. The Wind Runner.
The worst part was that the Persua in the crystal ball didn’t push her away. She welcomed her, laughing, and their story was intertwined.
From Chandrar, running across the Great Desert together, Ryoka Griffin hopping in agony as she seared her feet raw on the sands.
In Wistram, tears in her eyes as she attended the ceremony, until someone handed her a handkerchief to please blow her nose.
Terandria, as awkward and happy as a stuffed pig at a formal banquet, teeth bared in sheer discomfort.
Running across Rhir as the greatest war unfolded like thunder around them.
Ryoka Griffin.
“Stop it. Stop showing me this. Show me something without her. Show me—another time.”
The [Soothsayer]. She thought he had perfect, pristine teeth, but now it seemed as though there were gaps in his teeth, thin cracks, so it looked like a gap-toothed smile.
Mocking her as the scrying orb shifted again. This time—Persua saw herself bending over, trying to kiss a protesting Ryoka.
“Stop it!”
She screamed at him, but Rastandius laughed.
“I am only showing you likely possibilities. Don’t you see? Your life and hers are intertwined. Look. See what happens?”
He showed her another image—this one of Persua and Ryoka, younger, rolling around the Runner’s Guild of Celum. But not, as Persua first thought, in a lover’s embrace. Ryoka pulled herself away, and Persua stared up at her as trails of red dripped away from her. Strings of life’s blood. The knife that Persua had tried to plunge into Ryoka’s chest was buried in her stomach.
—Another. Persua saw the culmination of multiple Persuas’ dreams. She wed Lord Tyrion Veltras.
The older man, not the young one he had become. He looked as stiff as a board, but she looked—happy? The Persua wearing the wedding veil turned and scowled a second. But then the barefoot Courier gave her a sardonic salute and a bow, and she nodded at Ryoka with grudging respect—
“Stop it.”
Rastandius’ hands hovered over the ball. He was panting now, sweating, but he watched with a note of triumph in his eyes as Persua clutched at her head.
“This is all a lesson. Do you truly want to look away?”
Persua’s eyes were rolling. She was…going mad. She whispered.
“…Impossible. Impossible. It’s her fault. Not mine. Not mine. It couldn’t happen.”
“That you could be friends with the Wind Runner? Are you really so blind? Are you so mad? Stare again.”
