9.09 P
Page 1
They said a class changed a person. Whether by levels, Skills or necessity—like a piece of wood trapped in a vice or shaped by a clamp, a person could curve or grow—or twist—into something marvelous and wild, wondrous or glorious or wretchedly mundane.
For proof of that—look no further than Garia Strongheart. Yes, Garia. That lumpen, clod-footed coward who was only good for long-distance hauler jobs had lost over a hundred pounds and changed in literally every conceivable way.
Although if you shed that much weight from her face, one supposed there would be a positive change. It still was astounding and offensive. Because Garia didn’t deserve her toned body or her apparent popularity in Celum. Much less being considered for her Courier trials!
It just went to show that the world was unfair and people got away with being, well, worthless, until someone bailed them out, even if it was the system of levels and classes itself. But then, Persua had already known that.
Persua Alcherie Mavva was her full name, but to most everyone she was just ‘Persua’. Or should it be, Persua of the East? No, too generic. Persua Fleetfoot? She’d been considering that until she’d heard that Perorn Fleethoof was a famous Centauress in Baleros.
The fact that some [Strategist] from Baleros had stolen her nickname had outraged Persua for a month. Now, at this point, Raich had needed to point out that Perorn was not only twice as old as Persua, but a famous commander of the Forgotten Wing Company and thus, possibly, conceivably, a little bit more famous than Persua.
The look Persua had given Raich had made the other City Runner flinch, despite them both being Courier-candidates. Not because the other girl was frailer than Persua.
It was hard to be frailer than Persua and be a Runner. Raich, like many who ran, had long legs, hair in a single ponytail, and her hair was as black as her skin except for where she’d dyed it, so it looked like a single shining line stretching down her back as she ran.
It had given Raich her nickname, as it had reminded a few people of an illusory path in the darkness if she was ahead of them and running just right. Which was the point, and the City Runner had dyed her hair after hearing of Mihaela Godfrey’s famous Legacy Skill.
Raich ‘the Path’ was her nickname. A basic one for, as Persua reminded her, a basic City Runner. Even if you got a different nickname in time, where you started was important. Which was why Persua had no nickname, and Fleetfoot was such an incredibly uninspired nickname that she hadn’t really been considering it.
When Persua was angry, her face pinched. Another City Runner had described Persua’s face as ‘sallow’, but she had really meant that, despite Persua having fair skin, long brown locks of hair she paid attention to no matter how dirty the run, and athleticism—she always looked hungry, as if underfed.
Not even physically underfed, but a dissatisfaction with almost everyone and everything she saw. Although Persua was quite thin. She also preferred fashion over form, which, for a Runner, sometimes meant that she would be wearing the latest styles from Invrisil despite them not really working for a Runner’s lifestyle. She had once, famously in Toremn’s Runner’s Guild history, nearly died when a bit of lace in the Terandrian fashion had snagged on a wagon. The oblivious [Driver] hadn’t noticed the City Runner slowly being choked to death as the wagon towed her for a good ten minutes.
