9.09 P
Page 37
Thuile growled, and Persua landed, spinning into a hurricane as she did. She looked up, saw the [Knight] coming at her, and yelped. She rolled backwards, turned it into a handspring, backflip, and then kicked herself back. A popflash, and Persua rotated in the air, both legs coming up before she landed like a gymnast, arms spread. A dozen paces away from the stunned [Knight].
Was that when someone began applauding? Or did the laughter start first? Not mocking, not at first, just in sheer surprise. Persua’s eyes were sparkling, and the [Knight] actually looked around for help.
“Dame Gatris—with Yoint. Capture the City Runner.”
Thuile was shackling Ryoka’s legs and arms, and the other Drell Knight rose. The two tried to capture Persua, flanking her on either side.
Tried, because now…the Djinni was out of the bottle. Ryoka saw Persua’s eyes light up. She was breathing hard, her pulse racing in her veins. But there was something in the way she looked at the two [Knights]. They charged at her, trying to box her in—and she did a simple backflip.
High, high, a [High Jump] Skill carrying her up impossibly high. But they were waiting for her when she came down.
No—Ryoka almost cried out. Then something impossible happened.
Mid-rotation, Persua’s momentum changed. She swung herself around an invisible point in the air and went soaring backwards. As if she’d suddenly caught something and redirected herself in midair.
“How did she—?”
The [Knights] went scrambling after her. Everything according to natural physics told them what Persua had just done was impossible. But like a [Tumbler], like a magician…
[Redirect Balance]. Ryoka’s eyes were wide. Her friend had just anchored herself in midair and used that to defy gravity! And Persua landed, kicked herself up into a gainer, and flipped backwards, laughing at the slow people in armor.
“Come and catch me! I’m just a City Runner! Come on!”
She landed, beckoning, and actually let them get within a sword’s reach of her. But no sooner did they lunge and swing than she performed a dazzling series of handsprings, just like she had going downhill. The two [Knights] ran after her now, not even trying to attack, just catch her.
And they couldn’t. Persua kicked off walls, she tricked, pirouetting, spinning through the air, even using their armor to bounce off of them as the audience watched and began to applaud. Dame Thuile grew redder and redder.
“You two are a disgrace to Ailendamus!”
She abandoned Ryoka, trussed up, and joined the pursuit. And even then—
They couldn’t catch her. Persua cartwheeled past Dame Thuile in a blur, leapt up onto a rooftop, and her spinning roll carried her out of the way of a wand’s spell. She was laughing. She landed on the ground, and the three [Knights], panting with disbelief, spread out.
“She can’t be caught, Thuile. She’s like an eel.”
The Hydra Knight opined. Thuile just made an inarticulate sound of rage. She went for Persua, but the young woman jumped up, and again—
It was like magic. She could move through the air just by redirecting her momentum. Her Skill had virtually no cooldown. Why not? Who could imagine you could fly by flipping?
And then—it was on the scrying orbs. On the news. A laughing City Runner evading three of the finest [Knights] in the world, literally mocking them as she flipped and kicked and twisted out of the way for ten minutes. Ten minutes, until House Veltras apprehended all three for their dignity more than anything else.
