9.09 P
Page 10
No class, no other title. But as Persua passed, the curtains flew open, and she jumped. A man was sitting there. As if he had been waiting for her.
The other pedestrians turned to this new entertainment, but the old man sitting just inside his wagon called out.
“Young City Runner! You there! Would you like me to read your fortune? I am Rastandius, a [Soothsayer] of great renown! And you, Miss Persua, are my first client of the night.”
Raich and Herove oohed a bit and looked at each other. Of course, they thought he had just looked up Persua’s name, but the City Runner halted and smiled.
“I am, am I? And who are you, old man? A…what did you call yourself? A [Soothsayer]? Is that like a [Fortune Teller]?”
He chuckled at that.
“Of a kind. But I don’t just ‘tell fortunes’. I look at more. My name is Rastandius, and I am the greatest [Soothsayer] left to this world. I have told fortunes for [Kings] and [Queens] and visited every continent upon this world. But for you—I will read your fortune for a single gold coin.”
Now, Persua did laugh. She had to admit, this person played his part well.
He was incredibly thin and incredibly frail, and she doubted he left his wagon much. Some kind of disease had worn his frame thin, and if he had been a powerfully-built man once…no longer. He was old. It was hard to tell if he was seventy or eighty, because his beard was obviously fake, bushy and white as fox’s fur, which was what it probably was.
His face was all lines and harsh divots, but what made him magical was a wooden eye with a bit of gold painted in the pupil in his left socket. The right was pale pink and red, like a sun dying in the east, and it was unnervingly clear.
Rastandius wore robes that were more filthy than fabulous, but as Persua peered closer, they had a sheen to them. Silk? Was it worn silk? Then she noticed the last interesting thing about the man.
He had only two fingers on either hand, excluding his thumb. Two on each hand had been cut off, but only the tips, so the stumps still moved about. The [Soothsayer] grinned at the look, and he had all his teeth, barely yellowed.
“What say you, Miss Persua?”
“I say—you just opened shop. Why not invite anyone else to do their fortune and I’ll come back later?”
She called his bluff, and the [Soothsayer] chuckled.
“Ah, but if I did that, I’d have no customers. You will be my first—perhaps only client of the night. I don’t know. But I would dearly like you to step up and enter my wagon.”
He nodded behind him and kicked something, and the door slid open to his actual wagon. Persua thought she saw a sleeping quarter, untidy, and an entire wagon of, well, someone’s possessions and home, but she folded her arms, smiling a bit.
“How about you tell Herove’s fortune? I’ll even pay a gold coin first.”
She just wanted him to have to tell someone else’s fortune first. The [Shieldbearer Runner] looked uneasy—he didn’t like this kind of thing, but Persua glanced around.
“Anyone else want to get their fortune told? I’ll pay for it—although I doubt it’s a gold coin per person or you’d never get work.”
“He never does, anyways!”
The [Hedge Witch] did a passable cackle, and there was laughter, but a few people drifted over. Rastandius never looked away from Persua.
“Miss Persua, step inside. Are those your friends? I seldom offer my services in truth anymore. But once again, for you? This is an opportunity you do not wish to miss. Tonight could change your life. Have you been feeling lost? Do you seek…inspiration?”
