9.09 P
Page 32
Not just with malice, but with sheer amazement. Because there she went. Persua eventually tumbled to a stop and lay sobbing on the ground three thousand feet away. She had gone down the entire slope without stopping, doing handsprings all the way down. Ryoka came sliding to a stop and offered her a healing potion for her hands, which had been cut on some of the rocks. Fierre just sniffed at the blood and then lifted one of Persua’s hands. She licked delicately at the bloody cut and made a face.
“Eugh. Grassy.”
Persua gave her a wide-eyed look, and Ryoka raised both her brows. Persua bit her lip as Fierre caught herself and blushed.
 
——
 
“What was that about? She’s so—”
“Um. She might be gay. I have a tiny bit of intuition there.”
Ryoka and Persua had a quiet conversation on the run back from the Lischelle-Drakle home. Persua gave Ryoka a blank look.
“What, happy?”
The Wind Runner gave her a suspicious look and realized Persua was actually serious. She blew out her cheeks in amazement.
“Are you serious? No, wait, you are serious. You’ve never heard of…this world. I swear. There have to be—but it’s not in the public consciousness, is it?”
“What, what? Is this another stupid Earth-thing like your ‘cars’ and ‘airplanes’?”
 
——
 
“Earth…?”
Rastandius’ eyes were gleaming, but Persua almost missed that. She was staring at Ryoka, who had halted and was trying to explain a concept to Persua. But the Persua sitting in Rastandius’ tent kept clenching and clenching her hand, and she had a strange tingling in her palm, though it hadn’t been cut open.
She was watching her own face. And what she saw—no. But yes.
The other Persua looked at Ryoka, purely shocked. Then she began asking questions. Then—the Persua covered in grass, filthy from sweat, but levelling, able to flip down a hillside and come out standing straight, if dizzy?
Once again, she smiled.
 
——
 
There was no Ivolethe to save. No Summer Solstice to plan for—yet. But Ryoka Griffin had been looking into her strange powers of wind. She needed someone who knew magic. And, well, they both had great ambitions.
It was Persua who suggested it and Ryoka who eventually met Lady Ieka Imarris and was asked to meet the Archmage of Izril. Although that wasn’t what Persua took from the meeting.
“She was in to you, Ryoka.”
“No, she wasn’t. You’re just seeing it everywhere now that I told you—”
“Excuse me? I can tell. A [Lady] doesn’t just ask a smelly, barefoot savage like you to have dinner to ‘discuss’ the request. You should have accepted.”
Ryoka squirmed.
“I’m, uh—that’s not me. I’m not opposed. Or bigoted, but Ieka? I don’t even know her.”
Persua turned back to Invrisil in the distance.
“I’ll go back and have dinner for you. And I’ll take Fierre.”
“Dead gods, Persua. Weren’t you just eying Alber? You and Fierre—there’s such a thing as being unfaithful, you know?”
At this, the [Gymnastic Runner] gave Ryoka such an arch look that the Wind Runner blushed.
“We’re not a thing. Plus, Fierre likes Alber too.”
“For his blood.”
“Yes. And I’m fine with his body. What’s the difference?”
Ryoka opened her mouth and threw up her hands. Persua was laughing as she jogged with Ryoka back to the carriages that would take them north. From the Unseen Coach all the way to Valeterisa’s island.
When they dared her mansion, it was Fierre, Ryoka—and Persua.
Did you see it now? A screaming Persua fighting her dopplegangers, emerging bloody, collapsing as Fierre and Ryoka poured healing potions on her. Her cheering on Ryoka with Salamani and Fierre in the prison cells?
