9.09 P
Page 46
“She’s staring at me. Just like those strange beings. Who is this? A Dragon? A greater being? A Demon? Who—no. Stay back!”
He dropped the crystal ball suddenly. Persua jumped, but the [Soothsayer] was backing up. He was rubbing at his arm. The man shrieked and tore his robes back. Persua saw a pale, dead white patch of skin on his ruddy flesh.
It was pale, the imprint of something. Like—a hand? The [Soothsayer] backed up further, tearing at it. As if trying to remove the pale brand. Then, as Persua watched, the pale white outline began to spread.
“Stop! Stop! I didn’t mean to offend—”
He began screaming at the sky. Then he seized Persua’s dagger. The man began sawing at his arm. Trying to cut the pale spread of flesh off. But the paleness travelled up his arm, and then—Persua saw Rastandius’ mouth open wide in horror.
He fell backwards. Clutching at his heart. Persua stood over him, looking around wildly, backing away from the crystal orb.
“What was that? What’s going on?”
She shouted at Rastandius, but feared to touch him. The [Soothsayer] focused on Persua. His lips moved, and he croaked as the color drained from his face.
“But I was supposed to die somewhere else. I didn’t predict—”
His eyes rolled, and he whispered at Persua as gooseflesh erupted on her arms and a cold chill ran down her back.
“You will meet her if you walk down this path, Runner. Persua Mavva. She has three faces.”
Then his face turned into a rictus of terror, and his eyes bulged and his mouth opened wide, wide—
And he was dead. Persua stared down at Rastandius’ body in dead silence. Her eyes only began to dart around when she heard someone calling out Rastandius’ name.
She hesitated—then stopped, tore her ring from his hand, and fled, leaving the dead man, the crystal ball, wiping her own hands on her shirt. She ran, panting, terrified of whatever he had seen.
 
——
 
Persua never spoke of that moment. Not to Raich, nor Herove, although both had heard about the freak fire. Yet the [Soothsayer] dying without any true wound…
Raich still avoided Persua as the City Runner returned to her rooms. Persua’s eyes were too wide, and she panted, even now. But she stopped at Raich’s rooms and tried to smile.
It was a poor smile. Probably because it was trying to be genuine. It was afraid, nervous. A hungry smile, but most of all—uncertain.
Like someone who had suddenly lost her comfortable place in the world. Come adrift. Raich saw Persua, normally with a comment, at a loss for words.
“Can I help you, Persua?”
At last, the other woman stopped smiling and spoke.
“You look quite pretty, you know, Raich. Anyone would find you attractive.”
The other Runner turned red with embarrassment and began to get angry. But she hesitated as Persua smiled wider.
“Maybe we should train together.”
“Train? You?”
Persua turned her head left and right, as if searching for something. She looked at Raich.
“I think I know how I want to improve. Later today, maybe? If you want. Have—have a good morning.”
Then she was gone. Raich stared blankly at Persua’s back. She went to Herove’s room to speculate, but he was looking at a map of Izril and a city in the High Passes so thoughtfully she left him be. Raich herself stared around Toremn’s Guild and wondered if her time was running out.
 
——
 
Alone, Persua wandered down to the Mage’s Guild. Then she reconsidered and found an Opener in Toremn who served Runners. He patiently waited as she inquired about pricing and told her it would cost her no less than six gold coins.
“Six?”
