9.09 P
Page 0

Vacation Report by pirateaba —
Let me paint you a picture. Although I’m not much good at painting, I’ll try. I was once told that the United Kingdom in large and London especially was a miserable place (in some ways) purely on the weather.
In that it rained constantly. I have been to London—once—but I don’t recall that. Or much of anything. Scotland, now, I’m told, has the same problem.
The Nova Scotia region, Cape Breton specifically of Canada is wet. And it has that alpine nature that combines the coast with a lot of highlands that you can ride or hike through, as yet untouched by too much civilization. It can be a great place to go through a national park and Canadians are reportedly friendly and the entire thing would make a great few weeks off. Which is why I went for a vacation with my family.
Then everyone got sick. It was the virus. It was COVID and it struck them down one by one. But we were a day into the trip and then figuring out how to not spread it around and rebooking—then we headed straight back to the city in a 7 hour drive. I got to walk on a beach with no one on it along a marvelous coast for about 2 minutes then I went back and sat in a hotel room for three days.
…I think about it. There were fish in the waters and an otter was poking its head out of the sea. But was it an otter? I only saw it then we sat in a car then I sat in a hotel.
Not that I read much in car, hotel, or the 16 hour trip via airport with delays. Or on the trip back when I was awake for 29 hours before I slept. You don’t really enjoy reading books—or playing video games. And the family time was sort of stopped because I was trying not to get sick with COVID.
Ironically, I was the only person not to get it who hadn’t already contracted it. So yay. But I did a lot of existing. Existing in hotel rooms. Not thinking of writing. Not…reading or relaxing. Just existing. What is the meaning of all this? How is life going right now?
It was not a good vacation, obviously, but I may have rested a bit by sheer inaction. I did no typing and of the 6 books I brought, I read one—and another I hadn’t planned to read. That’s not atypical I’m told. Reading goals and whatnot.
I read Blood Meridian by Cormac McCarthy, a well-written book I cannot recommend. And Thunderhead by Neal Shusterman, the second book in the Scythe series which I thought was quite nice. I don’t think I’ll waste your time with book reviews, but I had a realization coming back from the trip, and it is this:
I can do better. I can write even better in the future, and I think my pace and the web serial nature of this is taking a slight toll in terms of fun or energy or creativity after seven years. I don’t think I can work harder, but I can do better.
All this to say, I appreciate you all waiting for my vacation. It was not fun, but here we go again. The virus does still ruin things, but I was glad we didn’t (to my knowledge) start a plague and just did mostly responsible things and kept away from everyone else. But yeah. Canada is a cursed vacation…nation. In my limited experience.
Ironically, I just disembarked and slept about 15 hours two days ago and now 6 + 4 hours since I had a weird night terror and then a nap after I got up for a bit. So I won’t jump right into the hardest stuff or even the side story. Getting back in gear. I did hope to plan some chapters while walking and enjoy nature, but no such luck. So here we go. I will say, the one highlight of all that is that I enjoy the calmness now I’m back.
 
 
 
 
