9.09 P
Page 47
“Six minimum. Sixteen if you want me to keep it silent. Given who you want to send a [Message] to…”
The man licked his lips.
“…I’ll waive the fee. Who knows, you might earn more back. If it’s important. It should be. That’s your warning, and I can only get it to him.”
Persua took a long time with her letter. She kept it short. In the end, she looked at a short missive. It read:
 
Someday, Ryoka Griffin, the Wind Runner, will be your death. The great [Soothsayer], who called himself Rastandius, foresaw it.
 
The destination was the Emir Yazdil of Roshal. Persua stared at the message for a long time until the Opener asked if she wanted more time. She looked up, and her eyes flickered uncertainly.
“…I’ve changed my mind.”
She looked as surprised as he did, but she tore up the pieces of paper, then burned the ash. Then she glanced at his carefully-neutral expression and blew the pile of ash outside.
He cursed over that, but he made a little note anyways and sent it to Roshal. Because even a secret unspoken was worth something.
Persua Alcherie Mavva wandered out of the private Opener’s basement in a daze. She looked around, and began to run. But no matter how far she ran, across the shop windows, in a passing shield of a [Warrior], the reflection from a puddle, she kept seeing her there. Haunting her.
A Courier, leaping through the air, laughing and spinning and dancing from point to point, her feet barely touching the ground. She smiled so gracefully it hurt.
 
Author’s Note: And we’re done. Like I said, the vacation had less of the rest I wanted, so I decided to go with this. I know it lost the poll, but it has a time limit for what it can be written.
Honestly, it was about having a character everyone ‘knew’ but didn’t know that bothered me. I hope that in one chapter you understand more about Persua. Regardless of whether you like or hate her, understanding sometimes matters.
Well, that and having entertaining chapters. Entertaining, not fun. I think there’s a big difference.
I’ll get back into the groove of things soon. For now, we’re back to it and I want to do better, as I said. This chapter…I can do better. I can do better in general, but my schedule doesn’t always produce the best content. Consistency? Nailed that. Let’s work on improving the rest, and see how it goes. Thanks for reading!
…I’m still holding a grudge against Canada. All of it.
 
Erin Adventure by dydreamr!

 
Tolveilouka’s Forms by MrMomo!
                                
 
Spice Goblin by Spanner!

 

