9.09 P
Page 45
But first. The [Soothsayer] was staring at his charred home. He was muttering to himself, but grinning. A terrible grin of someone making plans. He clenched and unclenched his hands and never saw the young woman sneaking up behind him. She raised the dagger, aimed for the base of his neck, and stabbed.
Persua’s blade skidded left. It was like an invisible hand seized her wrist and moved it. The blade still cut the back of Rastandius’ neck, and he yelped. Persua stared in horror as he whirled—and then the [Soothsayer] was staring at her.
“There you are. I thought you’d try that.”
He grinned an insane grin as Persua backed up. She almost dropped the knife in horror.
“How—how—how—”
Rastandius was laughing. Now, he sounded like the stage magician, the purveyor of fates. He contemptuously rubbed at his neck.
“I told you I’d die without knowing what killed me? Foolish Runner. I am allowed to lie. And you…you’re not that Persua we saw. But you could be. You should be. You’ll pay me back for my wagon, first. And then—and then we’ll see.”
Persua wasn’t able to speak for horror. His eye was boring a hole into hers. But how had he avoided her knife? Was it a Skill or…?
Then she saw the brass ring around his finger on his left hand. And she felt at her hands and realized—her ring was gone.
The [Soothsayer] laughed at her stupefaction. He put one hand in his robes and scratched at his stomach as he stared at Persua.
“The first thing we’ll do is find some rooms. Then—then we’ll see what my future holds. Our future. Aha. You burned my home, but you couldn’t have burned…”
He hurried over to the burnt wreckage of his wagon and began to sift through the ashes as Persua stood, transfixed with fear. She didn’t know…what to do.
“Why are you doing this to me? You’re just like Ryoka. I have done nothing wrong.”
Her voice trembled. Rastandius turned with a sneer towards her. He had the crystal ball in his hands. It had weathered the fire untouched.
“Idiot. Do you think you’re the first, the greatest of my projects? You have more potential than most. I could have been the King of Destruction’s most trusted advisor! I could have been—look at you. Do you think I want a murderous, pathetic chit like you?”
Spit began to fly from his lips as he pointed at Persua, striding back towards her. She backed up a step, but Rastandius held up the ball.
“Look at how your life could have been but for your pettiness.”
“I don’t owe Ryoka anything. I refuse to believe she—I—I can be a Courier without her.”
Persua’s voice rose in a shriek, but she flinched as Rastandius passed a hand over the crystal ball. He snapped, his eye flashing.
“You think so? Then let me show you your future now. Not an if, Persua. You—I will drag you to greatness if I must. But this is what will become of you, you pathetic waste.”
His hand passed over the orb, once, twice, three times, and Rastandius glared grimly into the ball. Persua stared at the dark interior and waited.
But no image ever came. Rastandius’ face, though, grew puzzled. He held the ball away from him and stared at it—then Persua.
“Who is…who is that?”
“What are you talking about?”
Persua’s voice was quavering, but she was trying to find an opening to steal her ring. She could deny burning his home. Truth spells, though—did she run? But he’d find her, and if he really was that famous—
Yet Rastandius kept staring into his blank crystal ball. He looked confused. Then unnerved. He held it away from him and stared at something.
