9.09 P
Page 36
She was looking around nervously, but Lord Tyrion was off to see his son. Ryoka groaned, but Persua was backing away from the [Knight].
“Don’t—don’t—”
She drew her sword, and he pointed at her.
“[Disarm the Foe].”
Her dagger clattered to the ground, and Persua found herself empty-handed. She backed up, shaking; she was no good at hand-to-hand combat.
“Persua—”
The City Runner was backing up to the exits when the Drell Knight accompanying Thuile pointed, and two walls of earth blocked off the streets. She was trapped, and the Hydra Knight was fast.
And he was threatening her.
“Surrender now or I will cut you down as an enemy of Ailendamus, Runner. You have one chance.”
Persua looked at Ryoka, and Thuile called out as Persua wavered.
“Capture her already, Ser Yoint. She’s no Courier.”
Oh, dead gods. Ryoka closed her eyes with familiar regret. Persua’s head snapped up, and she lost her temper. The Hydra Knight recoiled right before Persua punched his jaw through the open-faced helmet. Then Persua saw him raise his sword—he hadn’t even staggered.
She ran, screaming, as someone brought a scrying mirror up and began to broadcast the affair. There was Ryoka Griffin, the makings of a second international incident…and Persua the Weasel, running for her life.
Such glory. Persua was trying to circle the [Knight], but he knew how to corner a faster foe and was boxing her in. She squeaked, screamed, pleaded for her life—and as he swung, her back against one of the earthen walls, Persua looked around—and then leapt up, kicked off the wall, and did a front-flip over the [Knight]’s head.
The Hydra Knight, greatly surprised, swung around as Persua landed. Even Thuile looked slightly impressed, but the [Knight] was too well-trained to let a foe’s antics get to him. He lunged forwards in a stab—and Persua, squeaking, did a backwards handspring.
Straight out of range. So fast that the jabbing sword missed her belly. The [Knight] blinked, and Persua blinked too. Quick!
“Ser Yoint. Time is running out!”
Thuile shouted. The [Knight] lowered his other hand, gripped his shield, and rushed forwards in a charge. Persua, who had been staring at her feet in astonishment, moved before her mind caught up.
She cartwheeled left, but not a slow cartwheel. She did four rotations in a second, so fast she nearly slammed into a bystander. Ryoka’s mouth was open, and she was inhaling street dirt.
Persua was fast! Since when had she…?
Since the lands of the not-fae? Since going to war? Before that, with Fierre on the hill? Persua caught herself as the [Knight] swerved his [Shield Charge] and tried to advance on her again. Then—a cocky look entered Persua’s eyes.
A familiar look. The look she got when she was sure she was better than her opponent. Like the twelve-year-old girl. She faced the [Knight], and he came at her in a charge, plate armor or not, a dead sprint.
Persua waited until he was almost on top of her, and then she did a standing backflip. Straight up and back. The [Knight] swung—but he was just too short. Because Persua landed on top of the earthen wall, nearly ten feet up. Ryoka heard gasps as Persua waved down at the [Knight]. Then—she began doing cartwheels along the wall.
“Come and get me!”
“Dispel the—”
