9.09 P
Page 40
She looked around, but her friend was being hunted the length of…where would she be? Persua stared around the crowd. Then she realized where and looked straight up.
A dot in the sky. A few [Gladiators] followed Persua’s gaze and pointed up. The figure on the throne pointed, and a furor rose from below. But the Courier was just staring up. Up, her eyes straining for something. Anything.
Trusting in her friend. Then her eyes caught it, like a falling star, a glint of foreign metal. Plunging down as the winds howled. Persua’s eyes widened, and she took off running. Leaping, building momentum as the [Gladiators] surged after her.
Nets and tridents raised. Bows aiming. The greatest [Gladiators] in Nerrhavia’s Fallen and a lone Courier. Her arms reaching up, her body straining as she flew for a falling gift from the Wind Runner.
A weapon from another world, from travellers sympathetic to their plight. Persua’s hands reached for the weapon only two people in the world were allowed to use. A blade with no weight. A weapon as light as a handle of alien metal.
The Windsword. The Courier caught it, and a bright, pink blade of light cut apart her shackles as the [Gladiators] halted, uncertain. They recognized that famous blade.
Then, Persua turned. Nerrhavia’s Fallen was on its feet. The figure on the throne pointed down and lowered their thumb once more, and Persua looked up as her friend flew overhead. Alone, touching the Faeblade as it turned from a bright, painful glow to a burning torch, Persua looked at an arena of gladiators. Guards.
She leapt into the air, holding the flaming blade aloft. Spinning like a comet of pink fire. She set the Coliseum of Monarchs on fire. A burning flame sweeping across stitch-flesh and armor and even stone until the audience fled. Until she stood alone, sword held overhead.
Not a cut nor scar on her body. That was when they changed her name. When they started calling her Persua.
Persua the Untouchable.
 
——
 
“So long as I have space, no one can touch me. Unless I want them to.”
That was the Courier’s boast. Which she followed by putting an arm around the Wind Runner’s shoulders and planting a kiss on Ryoka’s cheek. Then spinning away and laughing as the embarrassed woman tried to fend her off.
Courier. In one moment, in the crystal ball, she was giving an interview to an older Drassi, the next—holding a letter over her head. A black letter, on black paper, which seemed to eat at the light.
She walked through a throne-room and offered it to a [King] with red-gold hair. He regarded her with more interest than the letter itself and rose to greet her.
Of course—Persua recognized him as the King of Destruction. So her lungs were so tight in her chest that it felt like she couldn’t breathe as the Courier walked from story to story.
From Izril to Chandrar, and then to Wistram, to witness a true [Archmage] being ordained. Someone she knew. From Wistram’s halls to Terandria, where the ruler of a kingdom greeted her by name. Even to Drath, to take a request from their emperor.
Drath to Rhir, running across a battlefield where spells screamed down like rain, desperately dumping potions from a satchel as she looked up and saw Demons. And behind them—the last Giants.
A Courier running across the world, even places neither Persua nor Rastandius knew. A panting Persua looked up and came to a rest. She collapsed, red liquid—blood?—all over her pants. She stared up at a sign, covered by ancient, red mold.
“So there you are.”
