9.09 P
Page 22
“In the reality you wanted to see, your glorious one—you two were clearly friends. I warned you, Runner Persua, you might not like what you saw.”
“This is impossible. There is no way we would ever be friends.”
Her denial was flat and instant. If anything, Ryoka Griffin would have agreed. Yet Rastandius’ pitying look followed him passing a hand over the crystal ball. The image vanished, and he placed his hands on his haunches.
“I can tell you that it absolutely happened. Or could have happened. Perhaps you could mend—?”
“No. No, this is wrong. This is—perverse. Twisted! I cannot believe it would happen. There was nothing glorious about that. Persua the Weasel? How is that my most glorious future?”
She raged at him, but the [Soothsayer] simply raised his hands like a shield.
“That was now. I can focus on your moments of glory—which I was about to do. Yet the Crossroads of Fate showed us, clearly, the difference between the you of now and then. A friendship.”
“It couldn’t happen. We hated each other. From the very start. I can’t believe a thing you show me.”
Rastandius sighed.
“Then—would you like me to show you how it happened?”
Persua, about to pace in the small wagon, looked sharply at him. She hesitated. You can do that? But that was a silly question. So she wavered, bit her lip until it might bleed, and sat hard.
“If I don’t like what I see, I’m taking my gold coin and leaving. If I don’t believe it—”
“Just watch, Miss Runner. Watch.”
The [Soothsayer] frowned at her. He passed a cloth over the ball once more, and Persua sat, angry and confused. She stared into the ball as a different Persua appeared. This one…younger? By a bit, perhaps. Certainly less well-equipped. Her eyes flickered and narrowed. But then, Persua realized this was just one scene of many. Not just one moment flickered across the ball, but dozens. Little snapshots that mattered.
Rastandius was showing her everything. Her promised glory. But he began it—like a tale she didn’t want to hear—from the very start. And the first thing that he showed her that rattled the young woman to her core was something she rarely saw, even in a mirror.
 
——
 
Persua Alcherie Mavva was smiling. No facsimile of a smile, the lips stretched back, the teeth in the right place and the smile there everywhere but the eyes and the heart—a real smile.
She wasn’t good at it. It looked awkward, but perhaps that was fine. Because if misery liked company, awkwardness abhorred it. And so when joined by another smile like a cringe painted across a face—well, Persua grinned, panting, and the other young woman gave her much the same odd smile.
The other young woman. Not quite an adult. Not yet. That was as much her age as how she looked at herself. But she was getting there. In time, she would get there, step by step. And change. Like someone paying dues for each bit of age. Two fingers, scars, friends lost—
She had none of those scars yet. Just a wild impatience with everything, including herself. A challenging look in her eyes and grudging respect. Also—her hair was frizzled up and scorched. If you could have smelled the two, they would smell like sweat and dirt and burnt wool and hair.
“See? I told you we could do it.”
“You’re insane. I’m insane. I did it. I—I’m amazing.”
Persua’s reply was gasping. The other young woman’s smile widened. And then they both heard a shout, a whumph, and the roar of a [Fireball]. They dove for cover and hid behind a piece of rubble.
“Get the damn Lich! Someone draw it off—not you, Calruz!”
