9.09 P
Page 4
The next day, the Street Runner who’d slipped seaweed into her shoes had been surprised to see Persua waiting as they descended from the rooms a Runner could pay for in the guild. She had calmly, and without breaking eye contact, sprinkled some glass shards into the Street Runner’s shoes.
“Just a prank. You caught me!”
She laughed and walked off. The Street Runner had checked their shoes, emptied them of the glass…shards…and run off, laughing about the weird new City Runner.
That lunch, they had come back, and Persua had given them a bowl of tomato soup, hot. She smiled as they tried to refuse it, politely, and watched as they ate it. The Street Runner had checked quite thoroughly for glass, and there wasn’t anything fishy about the soup.
Of course not. What kind of a maniac would have put glass in…? It was Persua being nice. Like when she bought a drink for the same Street Runner when they went to a bar two days later with a bunch of Runners.
Even months later, Persua would occasionally buy something for that very same Street Runner. A free drink, a meal—and, of course, there was never anything wrong with it. Never. She had replied to the pranking by being nice and shelling out some coins.
So, interestingly—Raich and Herove never saw anyone prank Persua again. No snotty Street Runners, no older City Runners—no one. And when she attached herself to their group as the ‘new Runners,’ the tricks slackened off on them very quickly.
These days, her two friends were used to Persua’s quirks, and they were often found together whenever they were in the area. They were friends.
Friends…the outsiders. That was how Persua had termed it when they were all new to Toremn. They had to stick together, and naturally, they’d fallen in as Courier-hopefuls. It was a natural thing. So they did some runs together, delivered things, shared tips, and Raich would accompany Persua on a run even if Persua was the only one doing deliveries, or Herove would cover for Persua if she was exhausted but let her claim the delivery and have her pay him back.
Raich had never done that before coming to Toremn, but Persua had insisted, insisted on doing a run for Raich one time when the City Runner had been fairly tired. Raich had felt guilty about letting Persua credit her, but then she’d done it for Persua in return. It wasn’t wrong, it was Runners covering for each other.
Then Persua had suggested a good way to get back at some of the Street Runners—kids, really, some only thirteen years old—would be if they went on a vacation when she knew all the other City Runners were out. Leave the Street Runners to do a City Runner’s job and spend five days on the road just getting to their destination and come back footsore and quiet.
Even now, as Persua talked to everyone about Ryoka Griffin—again—here Raich was. When she could have been…doing something else in Toremn? She hung around Persua constantly, and it bothered the other City Runner a bit.
“Raich? Raich, tell them how I felt when I heard Ryoka was in Reizmelt and what I said.”
Persua took Raich’s shoulder, and the other City Runner started. She had only a sleeveless shirt on over some modified leather armor. Very light—and again, nothing on her arms. Which seemed like a bad move, but the [Repeat Sprinter] had found that most arrows went for your center of mass. By the time a [Bandit] got another shot lined up, she was already using [Thousand Foot Sprint] to get out of danger.
She did have a tattoo of Mihaela’s Skill on one arm, though. Just the words. Raich grinned weakly.
