9.09 P
Page 29
Ryoka noticed and tried to forestall Persua’s temper tantrum. But her…friend…had a horrible temper.
Almost as bad as Ryoka’s. The difference between the two of them was that, while Ryoka was prone to wild fits of fury—Persua was petty.
“Oh, and you think you’re as good as a City Runner, you little brat?”
The twelve year-old looked mildly disconcerted to see someone half again as old as she was picking a fight. Then again, she was in her puberty, and Persua wasn’t that tall. The other children oohed as Ryoka covered her face.
“What can you do, huh? Run fast?”
The girl challenged Persua as Ryoka blew around a squealing boy with a resigned air of watchfulness. In reply, Persua did a perfect handstand. She held herself perfectly upright, then grinned mockingly at the girl.
“How about this?”
In reply, the girl hesitated, then motioned some of her friends back and…copied Persua. Her handstand wasn’t as perfectly balanced, but she did it a good ten seconds before she fell back onto her feet.
Ryoka covered a smile as the other children oohed again. The girl gave Persua an arch look.
“If that’s what it takes to be a City Runner, I’ll join up.”
Persua turned beet red. Without a word, she regained her feet—and then did a standing backflip. This time, she tucked in and rolled around with such grace that Ryoka was impressed.
She’d be perfect on a gym’s mat. The fact that Persua was doing this with cobblestones beneath her was a testament to her bravery.
Unfortunately—Persua had forgotten something that Ryoka had begun to learn. Which was that children could be incredibly talented. And they were all innately far more flexible than adults.
The girl had, perhaps, never seen someone perform a backflip in her life. But she was in good shape, possibly from helping at whatever job she was apprenticed to or running around all day. She gave Persua a narrow-eyed look, then did a running start and pulled off a backflip. She landed, wobbled, then raised her hands to the wild cheers of her friends.
“That’s great! Come on, Persua…”
Ryoka tried to let everyone come away a winner, but Persua was now turning red as the other children mocked her. Red—when white. Then icy-calm.
“You’re not bad. Why don’t we have a proper match. The first person who can’t copy the other loses.”
She smiled sweetly at her opponent, who was, by now, getting overconfident. Thus began the most petty battle of tricking that Ryoka had ever seen.
What was amazing to her was that this newcomer kept up with Persua as they slowly escalated moves. She had some natural talent—perhaps more than Persua herself. Persua did a front-flip, then a hand-spring, then a tornado kick, looking exasperated as the other girl copied her, if not perfectly, then well enough.
However—Ryoka hadn’t been trying to stop this impromptu trick-off for Persua’s pride. She had been doing it for the child.
Persua, oh, Persua. Unable to beat a Goblin. Nearly killed by a rogue slime—a big one, but still. When it came to fights in Mad Madain’s bar, she threw things behind Ryoka.
But if there was one thing Ryoka had observed—it was that Persua was invincible when it came to beating people weaker than she was. Which was mostly Street Runners and children.
A cunning look had appeared in Persua’s gaze. Blandly, she pulled off a double handspring and webster jump, a kind of single-footed frontflip. The beginning of a tricking routine.
Her opponent managed almost all of it, although she used both her legs for the webster. The audience hesitated, but Persua smiled.
“Oh, not bad!”
