9.09 P
Page 43
“Tell them yourself. I’ll be right after you.”
Persua lifted the glowing blade and grinned at Ryoka. The Wind Runner shouted, trying to reach for her, but Persua’s scroll was bearing her away.
“Persua, don’t—it’s me he wants.”
The howling Gnoll, the servant of the Naga, Iert, was coming. Blades bared, like a storm across the marble floors, each step cracking marble. Persua whirled, the familiar blade in her hands. She looked back once.
“Don’t worry. I’ll make it. I’m Persua. I’m—”
A flash. Persua’s smile was wide and bloody and triumphant. Relieved. She breathed the rest of it out, for she had no boast. Not untouchable, not invincible or immortal.
“I’m your friend.”
Then she turned to meet the howling servant.
 
——
 
Rastandius had seen many deaths. Many foul ones, and some so horrific or graceful they had scarred him.
This was not the worst he had seen by far, so he watched the younger woman’s face. And what he saw, amidst her jagged confidence breaking, her warring soul—amidst the last of his hopes and ambitions—made his heart sink.
For the young woman had seemed as though she might vomit or scream or collapse. But when she beheld her end, she did none of those things. Her tears stopped. The bloody gashes she had clawed on her own face stopped as her hands clasped together. She looked at her death and smiled like broken glass, as sweetly as someone tasting water after drought, or feeling land underfoot.
Like a constant of the world was back. Persua stared at her death, then looked up at Rastandius. And she said:
“I knew it. Even in my best life, she ruins it.”
He calmly held the gaze, although there was something there that made his own stomach twist.
“It is one vision among many. Do you want to see one where you die happy? Look at what it has shown you, Persua.”
Slowly, she rose, and she seemed neither tall nor grand, not the Courier of legends, nor the young woman freed from the ground. She seemed…small, thin, and hungry. But Persua’s eyes gleamed.
“I’ve seen everything. Thank you for your prophecies, Soothsayer Rastandius. You truly are a man of great craft.”
“I could show you—”
“No. I think I’m done. I’ve paid you my gold coin. I’m going to lie down, now.”
Slowly, Persua turned and began to shuffle away. Rastandius tried to rise, but he was tangled in his robes, and his power was receding. He was old and weary, but he called out, desperate.
“Come back tomorrow! I will show you dozens more lifetimes! As many as it takes!”
She never replied.
 
——
 
Persua left the old [Soothsayer]’s wagon and stood in the darkness for a long time. Rastandius came rushing out a minute later, but she had already walked into the distance of the fair and sat in the shadows.
She saw and heard him cursing himself, his Skills, her—and returned to his wagon, but it was a long time before the lantern light guttered out. Far past night, into the dawn.
That was fine. He had to sleep, and she…
She sat there, barely thinking. What she had seen replayed itself before her eyes, all of it. She shook occasionally, her face staring straight ahead.
She almost felt like she could taste and smell what she had seen. It was so real to her. A smile, an awkward smile, a friend’s embrace.
Glory.
Presently, Persua rose. When she was certain no one was moving, in that clear minute between the last sleepers and risers, she walked back over to the wagon and found something in her bag of holding. She uncorked a vial, poured it over a handkerchief, and looked around.
