9.09 P
Page 19
Until Rastandius cut the image and looked gravely around the wagon. He spoke, a bit too quickly, the memory of what he had seen about to be transferred to paper.
“As I said—these are all possible timelines. I have seen many that have not come to pass. Terrible visions of the Demons overrunning Rhir, for example—I saw those decades ago, and they have not come true nor will they as I saw them. It is random.”
“I—what happened? That was [The Courier’s Last Road]. Why were so many Runners…?”
The [Soothsayer] rubbed at his forehead.
“We can only keep watching for clues, but it seemed unlikely we would get many. I apologize. I can only do this for so long, and I am holding much of my power for…”
He glanced at Persua. The City Runner sat and shivered. Raich looked at the old man and then raised her voice.
“At least give me one more! One more…”
“Of course. Would you like to see a happy future? I can find those.”
“No. No—give me something close in the future. Can you do that? Something within a year?”
Rastandius hesitated, then nodded.
“Of course. I can show you alternate pasts and presents. Something close, in the future…”
He closed his eyes. Everyone watched the orb, but hesitated. The cloth passed over it. Once, twice, three times…
Then it showed a Runner. No, a Human. No…
A body. It might have had black skin. And black hair…Persua saw a bit. And it was probably humanoid. What was left.
Perhaps she hadn’t been dead long, but all Persua saw was fungi growing on what remained of a corpse in unfamiliar dirt. Raich stared down at herself. Then she covered her mouth only for a thin trail of bile to leak from between her fingers.
 
——
 
Herove had to take Raich outside and help clean up. Persua did not. She stood, outside of the wagon, trembling in the night air. She paced left and right. She muttered to herself and rotated the ring on her finger.
When Raich tottered over to her, she found Persua stretching. The City Runner might not have had a Level 30 class or a…a great class, but she was a [Nimble Runner].
She could stretch and do a split almost without pain. She stood up and put her hands up, then did a run and a backflip.
“How did you learn to do that, Persua?”
Raich was still shaky, but Persua shrugged.
“I’m flexible. I saw a [Tumbler] do it one day and said I could do it too.”
“I—I envy you. Persua, are you sure you want to see what this [Soothsayer] is going to show us? You can walk away. I don’t believe—I mean, it’s just a drop in the bucket that anything will happen, right?”
Persua had seen the good of Herove’s futures and Raich’s frightening ones. But she still looked at her friend as if Raich were mad.
“I want to know what I’m going to be. Or who I could be, Raich. I’m…”
Persua clenched her hands. She struggled for words, trying to express what was in her heart. At last, she looked at the wagon and the quiet caravan, now devoid of all but the latest-night people, and came out with it.
“I’m Persua. Whatever it is, it will be great.”
In that moment, Raich saw Persua’s eyes lock onto the wagon and realized Persua had never asked about Raich or how she was feeling. She often told Raich how Raich was feeling. In silence, the City Runner stepped back.
Persua, and Persua alone, entered Rastandius’ wagon. Herove was helping Raich go back; he was interested in Persua’s future, but she had suggested he leave. Raich didn’t want to be around Persua, even to see what her future might hold.
“Are you prepared, Runner Persua?”
“I am. What am I going to see? What makes me different from…those two? From everyone else you’ve met?”
