9.09 P
Page 27
Thereafter, things changed slowly. From Persua idly tickling a little Gnoll’s tummy to try and get her to laugh, to following Ryoka into the High Passes.
What transpired there was lost between Rastandius’ projection, but it was a shared secret that left Persua visibly annoyed—and in Ryoka’s company more than ever.
Instead of a prickly Frost Faerie keeping Ryoka company, there was a Persua, and it was hard to tell which relationship was more acrimonious at times. From evading Magnolia Reinhart to meeting Laken Godart—there was Persua Mavva.
But a hanger-on. The unwilling accomplice to some of Ryoka’s antics. It kept her levelling.
By the time she and Ryoka arrived in Invrisil as ‘guests’ of Magnolia Reinhart, Persua could keep up with Ryoka. Her Skills meant that she could beat Ryoka in a quick dash for safety, but she still got winded too quickly. She wasn’t much of a fighter, either. If anything, Ryoka Griffin’s dubious hand-to-hand combat abilities, which were of little use against monsters, were only eclipsed by Persua’s weakness at fighting.
They ran away a lot. And then Ryoka Griffin felt the wind begin to call to her. She began to develop a kind of magic that no one, not even Ceria and Pisces, had a proper explanation for. As if she were meant to learn it.
Somehow, despite her levels and Ryoka’s lack, Persua found herself falling behind. And—were they even friends?
“Of course I’m not friends with her. She’s crazy. I just run with her because I level up. That’s why I haven’t been around Celum.”
Persua was defending herself to her former clique of runners. She was getting a lot of skeptically raised eyebrows. She kept glancing towards Ryoka, who was listening to Garia. The farmer-girl didn’t look at Persua once, and her face fell as Ryoka gestured energetically at Persua.
“Sure, Persua. You two just seem joined at the hip.”
“We’re not friends. We just—I—wait a second. What is it now, Ryoka? Can’t you leave me alone for one…?”
Persua jogged over, exasperated, and her group broke up, watching as Persua heard about Garia Strongheart inviting Ryoka—and by proxy, Persua—to the Wailant’s farm.
And wasn’t that an unpleasant encounter, with Wailant meeting his daughter’s bully? Garia wasn’t as close to Ryoka. Fals? Fals had gone north to try his luck as a Runner.
Small changes. Important changes. Mrsha still sat in the Wailant farm, gobbling down food, only it was Persua instead of Ivolethe.
But it was that moment that mattered the most. On a winter day—Rastandius felt it. He saw it. The crossroads never lied. They showed him, and the young woman in front of him, how long ago the seeds had been sown for Persua’s glorious fate.
 
——
 
“Tricking?”
The Wind Runner kept brushing at the wind blowing around her, wild and untamed. She was still learning her powers, but both Garia and Persua were fascinated by what she’d shown them.
Mrsha was doing backwards somersaults in the snow, trying to leap up like Ryoka had. But Garia was slowly making a fist and copying one of Ryoka’s punches.
Persua, though, was agog with how Ryoka had just moved. Ryoka grinned.
“Haven’t I ever shown you, Persua?”
“No! I knew you could do a backflip, but what was that?”
“Tricking. It’s a kind of…movement. It’s pretty complex. See, take a look at this. It’s called a flashkick, but you’d call this a standing flashkick…”
Ryoka leapt up and did a backflip where one leg shot forwards, until she landed—a bit too hard on her front foot—and swore as she hobbled around with one hand on her back. Mrsha patted her anxiously, and Ryoka waved a hand at the other two City Runners.
