9.09 P
Page 6
Her nose was a bit off from being broken once in a bad fall, and a bit too big. Persua assured her it wasn’t notable and had given Raich a lot of tips. It hadn’t bothered the other City Runner before, but a Courier had to look, well, good. Persua kept pointing out how striking most looked, and Raich was profoundly grateful for Persua’s advice.
“Together, Couriers!”
Herove repeated Persua’s old adage. Raich nodded.
“Courier in three years!”
Persua’s scowl emerged, and her two friends hesitated. The City Runner deliberately looked from Herove to Raich and spoke.
“Courier in a year. We’re only young once!”
“Then should we train or check more deliveries?”
They’d all done a run already. Persua pursed her lips and looked at the board, but stretched lightly. Then she rocked back and shot out of her chair. She was nimble.
“No, I think we should check out that travelling fair. Together. Then, maybe, we’ll check out the Courier-deliveries. That’s how Ryoka Griffin did it, remember?”
“Waking the Archmage of Izril. But that was so risky—”
“Yes, but we can do it. Three City Runners? We just need a big break. After all—”
Persua turned lightly, balancing on one heel and the other leg out as she spread her arms. A single ring flashed on her hand. It was brass and solid and didn’t fit the rest of her clothes, but she never went anywhere without it.
“—I’m lucky.”
 
——
 
The Ring of Minor Protection that Persua wore had saved her life over thirty times. Everything from a pot heaved out a window by an enraged wife as Persua fled to an arrow in an ambush by [Bandits] had swerved or missed just enough for her to survive.
It, along with Persua’s [Double Step] Skill, were enough to put her on the path to being a Courier. Unfortunately, much to Persua’s regret, her backers had disappeared after the Circle had vanished. She had the ring, but the chance to rise in the Circle’s esteem and be granted further artifacts and favors was now lost. Thanks to, once again, Ryoka Griffin.
It was amazing how much Ryoka had dogged her life. In fact, Persua had even charted out the many ways Ryoka had ruined her future.
She should have done the High Passes run, not Ryoka. Then she would have leveled. It would have been Persua who ran the Bloodfields, Persua who saved Lord Tyrion—and it was just like Ryoka to hop into bed with the man.
Of course, you did what you had to in order to get ahead, sometimes. But Ryoka just had to get in Persua’s way. In fact—it was because of Ryoka that Persua had to rely on her ring.
And therefore, Ryoka’s fault that Persua had never leveled beyond her current class of Level 26 [Nimble Runner]. Also Ryoka’s fault that Persua had lost her friendship with Fals and never solidified her friendship with Garia. The girl had potential, but she’d been so…so…insipidly slow. Even when Persua reached out, Garia backed away.
Now, of course, she, along with the rest of Celum, was probably poisoned against Persua, which was why Persua hadn’t gone back even after hearing about the renaissance happening there. She had better friends here. She just needed a chance.
However, the truth was that when Persua looked around the quiet Toremn and stared at the seagulls calling as if they were on the coast, not surrounded by woodlands and sweaty [Lumberjacks]…she felt adrift. Empty.
Helpless because she had lost her way. She had thought she’d be a Courier by now, but she just…didn’t know what came next.
