9.09 P
Page 30
As if she hadn’t noticed the other girl slipping up, she folded her arms, looking stuck for a moment. Then she turned, winked at Ryoka as she spun—and performed a genuine 720-degree kick. She spun so fast around in the air that her audience’s eyes bugged out.
But Persua wasn’t done. Not by a long shot. As she was landing—and by now, Alber had lowered his gloves to watch in frank amazement—Persua cartwheeled onto her arms.
On the street’s ground, she began to break dance. Persua landed on her elbows, swung her legs up, and rotated. Her legs spun around like a reverse top, and Ryoka hoped her shirt wouldn’t fall, but Persua swung out of the elbow air flare into a ‘classic’ flare, where her legs swung around in the air as she held herself up on her arms. Not once did her body touch the ground—it was all entirely core, back, and upper body strength.
Her opponent was watching, trying to figure out what Persua was doing until Persua flipped back into her handstand. She raised one hand until she had both legs and hand in the air.
“Dead gods, Persua. Really?”
[Perfect Posture]. The City Runner was laughing. Then she began doing one-handed handstand hops. Ryoka was covering her face, trying to pretend she wasn’t part of this bullying. And Persua kept going.
Her new Skills. [Redirect Balance]. Persua’s arm tensed—then she threw herself up and did a one-handed handspring. She began doing handsprings around her opponent, twisting in midair, switching to back handsprings, doing a hurricane that carried her into a circular cartwheel as the children screamed and applauded.
…Against a twelve-year-old girl. Lest anyone forget. But by the time Persua was done, her opponent was begging to know how she did that. And Persua, wiping sweat from her forehead, gave Ryoka a triumphant look.
“They’ve got to respect me too, you know.”
Ryoka Griffin rolled her eyes. But she didn’t argue with Persua. Even if she was rough around the edges—well, Ryoka was all sandpaper. They were working on it. And if Persua quietly complained about Ryoka’s wind powers, about falling behind—
Something was growing. Something was changing.
 
——
 
It came one night when Persua was sleeping over with Ryoka at Fierre’s castle-home. She still wasn’t quite over Fierre being a Vampire, but for some reason, Persua felt like she and Fierre got on almost better than Fierre and Ryoka.
It was all challenge and grandeur between Ryoka and the Vampire girl. Persua was, somehow, the intermediary. Perhaps it was because Ryoka claimed she had met an immortal Dragon.
“He’s not that impressive. All pretentiousness.”
Persua whispered in Fierre’s ear as Ryoka demonstrated a handspring for the interested Vampire; although, by now, the apprentice had long since passed whatever mastery Ryoka could claim.
 
——
 
Not that Persua knew who Fierre was. She wondered why the girl had such long canines. Rastandius was eying Fierre with a knowing look, but he knew better than to say anything. You kept your mouth shut most of the time.
Doing otherwise was a quick way to end up without a drop of blood in the sewers. He listened as Persua kept referring to…
“Why is it making that sound?”
Every time Persua told Fierre about the unimpressive individual, the scrying orb emitted a jet of what might have been static or a screech. Rastandius sighed.
“Someone important who knows how my Skills work. Fascinating. We may get hints later—but keep watching. This is important.”
 
——
 
