9.09 P
Page 2
All of this had been an accident, and it had amused Toremn’s Guild to no end, mocking—and sympathizing—with the poor City Runner who’d come north from that distant, remote city of Celum. Second day running and she’s nearly killed by lace? She might not survive to Courier, hahaha, and so on.
…That was until it transpired that the [Driver] lost their job after Persua complained to the Merchant’s Guild about the negligence. Which seemed harsh. But when she had explained it, it was clear the [Driver] had either been drunk or a fool, because she had been striking the wagon and they had even looked back once and possibly, maliciously, ignored her.
Which was terrible, and a good reason to fire the [Driver]. In fact, as the City Runners of Toremn would soon find out, Persua had known many unkind and unfair people before. Why—she might now be a Courier-candidate thanks to her [Double Step] Skill, which allowed her to literally run twice as fast, but that was a reward for years of work.
Unlike, say—Ryoka Griffin. Unlike Garia Strongheart or the egomaniac, Fals, all of whom had conspired together to take over Celum’s Guild in a combination of treachery, working together to take the best jobs, and exaggerating their own abilities.
Who, the Wind Runner of Reizmelt? No, wait, Courier Ryoka Griffin, one of the newest stars of Izril? The person who had defied the Assassin’s Guild? Someone would ask if Persua was serious, and she would tell them a story about Ryoka Griffin.
Such as the time Ryoka nearly killed everyone in the Runner’s Guild with an avalanche and got away scot-free because the Guild was terrified of her. Or the time she ‘allegedly’ went into the High Passes but conveniently didn’t report any proof to the Runner’s Guild, or even a seal.
Or how everyone that Ryoka knew died, like the original Horns of Hammerad. In fact, had she really saved Tyrion Veltras or was that more of her getting a Named Adventurer and a host of other high-level people to do the fighting for her?
Ryoka Griffin might have—and Persua had no proof, only suspicions—‘leveraged’ some connections in an unprofessional manner. In other words, she had slept and bribed her way to where she was.
“I can’t prove it. Not entirely. But I know Ryoka, and I know she’s never honest. She always has a convenient bit of ‘help’. That Kaalblade she somehow obtained? Her ‘Windsword’? Where do you think she got it?”
“But the wind magic…”
“Where do you think she learned to cast that? She had this—thing. Barely more than a horrible pet. A Winter Sprite. Ryoka tends to befriend people who help her. Then she runs off. Don’t believe all the rumors about her. I knew Ryoka, and she was so thoroughly unpleasant she turned Celum’s entire Runner’s Guild against each other.”
At this point, Raich checked her truth stone and blinked at it. She glanced at Herove, and he raised his brows, but Raich just showed him a white glow from her stone and hid it while Persua was telling the other Street Runners about Ryoka. Again.
She never ran out of tales about her nemesis. But what amazed Raich was…she never managed to catch Persua in a lie. And she felt like Persua was lying, sometimes. But the truth stone always showed Persua as being honest.
“Persua—what about this Garia, then? What’s gotten you so angry?”
The City Runner, Herove, was one of three City Runners in Toremn who wasn’t local to the region. Like Raich and Persua, he was the newcomer, the person to beat, or haze, and the Courier-prospective.
