9.09 P
Page 3
People didn’t come to Toremn, or this region of Izril east of Invrisil, along the winding coastal roads and interspersed villages and lesser-used port cities and towns, because it was the place to be.
Invrisil, and even Celum these days, ironically, were the emerging hubs. Or First Landing, or…most places besides Toremn. However—this was the place where Runners came to train.
Consider Celum. Celum, like many cities in the area, was often twenty miles from another settlement, more or less depending on where you went. It was reasonably safe, not being directly near the High Passes, and got enough business to be called ‘average’, if such a phrase applied. The Ruins of Albez were a local, inactive dungeon, and its one claim to fame was that Magnolia Reinhart had a mansion in it.
By contrast, Toremn’s claim to fame was a seagull population that had migrated about sixty miles from the coast and annoyed the heck out of people. It was a quiet town…right along one of the major highways. So its real claim was that the Runner’s Guild in Toremn was the place every runner in the eastern coastal region would stop by eventually.
On average, each settlement might be three times as far apart as around Celum. Which meant that prices went up, and a Runner operating hereabouts had to be a long-distance runner. In short—if you were going to be a Courier one day, you might well come to Toremn and prove you could handle deliveries.
That was why Raich, Persua, and Herove were here. They had all leveled up beyond the normal standards of City Runners, hitting around Level 30, and they were on that cusp of being a Courier. To level further, their Guildmasters had told them to go to Invrisil, where they’d been assigned to Toremn. In a few years, they might gain another Skill that would warrant a full test to become Courier.
Or—the legendary Mihaela would pay them a visit, and if she did, you’d probably not get your Courier designation since she was infamously, horrendously tough. But if you did pass her trials, well, no one in the world would ever deny your right, not even the Sea Couriers and their odd ways.
However, it wasn’t fun being a City Runner in Toremn. The local runners were well aware it was the hotshots and rising stars coming here and would be helpful in misleading you. Oh, Invol? Horrible run, just head left at the crossroads and up into the hills.
…Whereupon, if you didn’t check your map before heading out, you’d spend two hours on the road before you realized you were going the wrong way and fail your timely delivery. Not just that—someone had sprinkled crumbs in Raich’s pack, and the damn seagulls had gone after her on her first day.
Herove had taken off his shoes after two days on the road, and someone had walked off with them while he took a nap. It was malicious, unfair, and the two City Runners had been prepared to grit their teeth and bear it until they hauled off someone they caught in a prank and settled it in a quick-and-dirty fight.
That was until Persua had come along. She had seemed, well, an easy target after the lace incident, with her clothing all fresh from Invrisil’s stores, friendless, looking for tips and help from the experienced Runners here. Raich had winced when she saw a Street Runner slipping a wet bit of seaweed into Persua’s shoes. She puts on the shoes, everyone laughs, right? Persua had even chuckled along ruefully and asked who got her.
