9.09 P
Page 17
Firstly? The armor was blue. But a strange kind of blue, brilliant, clearly magical, and it had an odd…engraving. She kept tilting her head to see, but Herove was fidgeting, standing in—what? A room? It looked like it. Some kind of guest room in an inn.
He jumped in the image as the Runners—even Rastandius—held their breath, trying to make sense of this. Someone had just knocked on the door and entered.
“Sir!”
Herove shot to his feet, and a low voice chuckled.
“You don’t need to call me that.”
“Er—Grandmaster?”
“Not that either. How’re you feeling? Don’t worry, it’s a simple ceremony.”
“I—I feel fine, sir, grand—Ser Normen. Am I—am I prepared? I know it’s simple, but I hope it’ll matter for me.”
The other figure spoke in a casual accent, which Persua associated with the street. He, too, wore armor, and he checked Herove over.
The City Runner was older. Older—in his thirties, not twenties. And the other man looked to be in his forties. He wore the armor like a glove, whereas Herove was clearly unused to it.
“Good. It might take on some water. We’ll teach you the rest of how to use it later. And don’t worry. I meant—simple for us, but she’ll make it matter. She’s waiting in the garden, now.”
“I should go—”
“In a second. Catch your breath. Have you gone to the outhouse?”
“Ser Normen!”
“Better now than thinking on it the entire time. An [Immortal Moment] of having to go to the toilet is not a pleasant one. When you’re ready—we’ll give you a little procession. Ser Solstice himself arrived for the first Runner to join our ranks. Courier, rather.”
Herove checked himself, flushing with pride. He straightened, turned—and for a second, Persua saw his look of nerves change to one of confidence. Of delight. Of pride and…a certainty that scared her.
Then the image blinked out of existence, and the crystal ball remained, and Herove sat there as if someone had split him from top to groin. He shook—because he had seen himself. He had seen truth and the future, and when he looked up, he feared Rastandius more than any man he had met.
The [Soothsayer] breathed in heavily, but not with much exhaustion. He nodded.
“I thought that was enough for a demonstration.”
“What? No—bring it back. Please. That was—I looked—complete.”
His voice was stuttering, he was so unnerved. Herove stood up and smacked his head into the wagon’s roof. He looked at Rastandius.
“Was that true? Where was that?”
“I don’t know. I don’t know—but that name sounded familiar. Normen. Normen…interesting. So he could become a Grandmaster of…ah! I saw it on the scrying orb!”
Then the [Soothsayer] looked cunning, and he hunted around for a piece of paper to scribble this down on. He glanced up and addressed the Runners casually.
“You understand my warnings? This is not certain. This will never happen exactly like this. It could happen almost exactly, but what we can take from this is…if. Perhaps it would benefit Runner Herove to visit Liscor.”
“Liscor.”
The young man whispered it with uncertainty. And—again, his eyes looked at the scrying orb. Rastandius had shown him a future, and that was a terrible thing. Something to live up to. Something to fear he might not achieve.
Something in his darkest days to measure himself up against and always come short. So when the [Soothsayer] looked at him and asked, ‘do you want to see more?’
Herove hesitated. Persua knew her answer, and she began to wonder what made her so exceptional. For Herove might have become some kind of Knight-Courier.
If so—what was her deserved claim?
“Show me another, then. Just another…possibility.”
