9.09 P
Page 18
Rastandius smiled. He passed a hand over the orb, and everyone leaned forwards. The next thing they saw was…
Well.
Highly pornographic.
Raich slapped a hand over her eyes, and the sounds coming from the orb made Persua stare until she saw what was going on. Herove jerked back, and Rastandius laughed.
“I’m sorry, this does happen. I—oh, would you look at that?”
A couple were, in very graphic detail, consummating what was possibly a wedding. Persua based this—once she saw it—on the attire. Or rather, the dress hanging up since one did not toss it to the ground even in a fit of lust.
Then she focused on the two people in the orb. One was, predictably, Herove. Younger? Younger than his first appearance, maybe. Rastandius was getting a good look in, and Herove was about to demand he stop—when everyone realized who the second person was.
“What? No. No. That’s…”
Raich looked at herself in the orb, and Persua saw, instantly, why Rastandius did not offer this service to lovers that much. The future of what might be drew increasingly far away from present as Herove stuttered to Raich.
“I—Raich—I didn’t—I mean, I haven’t even—I’d never—”
“Oh, you’d never?”
She glared at him, cheeks dark with embarrassment. Herove tried to cut himself off, and Rastandius decided to end the crossroads.
“I believe you can see the dangers already. Perhaps it was a mistake to offer it to the three of you. Er—shall I do you next, Miss Raich?”
“Only if you don’t show us—you’re not going to cut back to that, are you?”
Rastandius smiled, a bit offended.
“Hardly. I can differentiate the crossroads…in a sense. For you, I can show you something with a different criteria, but at the very least, I won’t show you that. You could ask me. Who will I marry? Or…”
The City Runner pressed her hands to her cheeks. She thought for a second and shook her head.
“No. Show me…show me…”
She looked around, caught sight of herself in the crystal ball, and saw her dyed hair, the tattoo on her arm.
“Show me if I’ll ever meet Mihaela Godfrey.”
Rastandius’ eyes gleamed, and Persua sat up. Herove turned back, and the scrying orb lit up. Raich looked into it…and then froze.
For all they saw was a grave.
It was a neat block of stone, unweathered, the letters fresh-cut in silver. A grave…with Raich’s name on it. There was no wind that blew across it, nor even a breeze, as someone bent down.
Mihaela Godfrey was not someone Persua had ever met face-to-face, but the old, weary Guildmistress of First Landing looked the part. Her mouth was closed in a thin line, and she laid a bright blue flower down on Raich’s grave.
Then she straightened and inhaled. But not…with her mouth. Not with air, because there was none.
Not in [The Courier’s Last Road]. The Courier stood and lifted a glass jar to her mouth, but the wind, the stored air blew at her hair slightly as she inhaled. Then she walked on.
No words, not in this place. Raich was frozen as Herove and Persua looked at her, but then everyone’s head swung back to the picture. Because Raich’s grave, simple and plain, but cared for, set across that road that led across the world…
Was one of many. Again, Mihaela bent down and placed a flower down. The next grave’s letters were hard to read—until Persua caught the name.
Fals Lenestre, City Runner.
No class, no age, nothing else. A single flower for another tombstone cut out of marble. Then Mihaela stood and waited a second. She took another step. Produced a flower.
And the graves stretched on. On and on, until—
