9.09 P
Page 25
The young woman didn’t look up. She stared pointedly at the back of an [Innkeeper] arguing with a [Necromancer]. She didn’t know if she liked the inn, but she did like the sweet drinks. The current guest made her itch to go, though.
“I’m…Persua, it’s me.”
“I’m aware it’s you, Ryoka.”
Persua didn’t look at the other City Runner. But she did notice Ryoka looked more—hesitant than before. She stood uncertainly, and some of the fire that burnt everything had gone.
Had she really run the Blood Fields? Persua didn’t know. If anything, Ryoka looked defeated.
“Can I sit down?”
“It’s not my inn.”
Persua deliberately turned and faced the wall as Ryoka sat down. She didn’t so much as look at Ryoka as the other young woman fidgeted. Persua was on the brink of drawing her belt dagger, until Ryoka spoke.
“I’m glad you survived. When I heard about the crypt…did anyone make it besides Yvlon?”
Persua’s shoulders hunched. She looked around, and Pisces Jealnet stared at a glowing butterfly made of magic on his fingers. She wondered what it meant, but she only glanced at Ryoka out of the corner of her eyes.
“No.”
Ryoka’s head hung low. She stared at her hands, and Persua herself stared blankly at the wall. It wasn’t like she’d liked the Horns. Not at all. She’d just saved their lives.
That was it. They owed her a favor, and they’d never had a chance to become Gold-ranks. She’d thought they might. Then she’d be friends with a Gold-rank team, even if Calruz claimed she lacked ‘ample muscles and mammaries’. That idiotic Minotaur…
“I’m so sorry.”
Ryoka interrupted Persua’s blank staring at the wall. Persua glanced at Ryoka again, and the young Asian woman clasped and unclasped her hands.
“I’ve been terrible to everyone. And now—”
“Took you long enough to realize it.”
Persua snapped back. She saw Ryoka’s head duck lower, and a dozen things she could say to really drive Ryoka into the dust popped onto her tongue.
She held it. And she and Ryoka sat there until an [Innkeeper] exclaimed.
“Ceria’s alive?”
Slowly, Ryoka’s head rose, and she turned, a disbelieving look in her eyes. A little Goblin raised her head at a table as Erin Solstice shouted. Persua bit her lip as Pisces showed them the butterfly.
They argued, the few guests of the inn. There was the creepy skeleton, Ryoka insisting they had to go now. Persua found herself on Rags’ side, arguing not to get killed going after them.
But just like last time—just like every time and the times to come—when Ryoka Griffin went into the Crypt of Liscor to rescue Ceria and Olesm, Persua went with her.
 
——
 
Time passed in Rastandius’ crystal ball in jumps and leaps. Not every moment was about Persua, and many events passed her by, regardless of how her decisions had changed things.
Not all of it mattered. Though Persua couldn’t have known it, not much had changed from her different relationship with Ryoka Griffin.
Like Fals, like Garia—Persua kept running around Celum, though she did run to Liscor now and then. She was a higher-level runner, but she was no rapidly-evolving legend.
If there were a difference, it was that in this timeline, in this reality—
Ryoka Griffin sat with Persua’s friends, an uncomfortable smile plastered on her face. Instead of Garia and Fals, Persua sat there, retelling when she had led the expedition to save Ceria. Sniping with Ryoka when they got on each other’s nerves. And, oh, they did fight.
“You’re too focused on being popular and fashionable, Persua.”
“And you love standing out with your bare feet and ‘I don’t care how I look’ attitude, Ryoka. I can at least play nice.”
