9.09 P
Page 21
Unless they were artifacts. In which case, this Persua was wearing one, two, four—two rings, amulet, boots—
No, five artifacts. Because as she shifted, it became clear the young woman was wearing something under her outfit. A flash of color revealed actual chainmail. Oh, and she had a long shortsword strapped to her side.
Magic. She had enough gear to be called an adventurer! Silver-rank at least! Not only that, this Persua’s bag of holding looked very fine. She had more potions on her belt and a pair of wands strapped to her side.
More than that…people did recognize her. True, without the name, but in this busy street, even with the dress to help, some people saw her and knew her name.
Why? Persua was hungry to know. She watched her other self stand on her tiptoes, then smile and wave. And then every head was turning, pointing at someone coming down the street. A commotion—voices. But Persua, the waiting Persua, just spread her arms for a second, then put her hands on her hips.
“Took you long enough. I was getting sick of babysitting that brat.”
“Where’d you put him, then? Please tell me he’s alright.”
An unfamiliar…no, a familiar low voice spoke as someone halted just out of frame. Persua’s skin crawled. Her ears rang. Because she knew that voice, slightly husky, worried, but familiar, even relieved. Even happy.
Ryoka Griffin paced forwards, her bare feet walking down the streets of First Landing as Persua tossed her head to the side.
“Inn. I left him in Adventurer’s Haven.”
“Dead gods, Persua…Tyrion is just getting off the ship. You couldn’t have brought him here?”
“Nope. I had to sit on a ship with him for a week.”
Persua was completely unrepentant as she looked Ryoka Griffin up and down. Now, people were pointing. They pointed at Ryoka Griffin. And Persua.
“It’s the Wind Runner. From Ailendamus. The one who…Archmage Eldavin…”
“The Wind Runner and Persua. Persua the Weasel.”
At that, Persua’s head snapped around, and someone decided to hurry off. Ryoka covered her mouth, and Persua kicked her in the shins. Ryoka swore and then went to cuff Persua. In response, the City Runner took two steps back and flipped.
She did a backflip completely out of the way and landed, arms raised like a gymnast of another world. The people watching oohed, and Persua beamed around and stared challengingly at Ryoka, who declined to do anything like that. They held each other’s gaze, and then Ryoka threw an arm around Persua’s shoulder.
“I made it. Let’s get Sammial. Then I’ll tell you what happened in Ailendamus.”
“Sure. Did Tyrion mention me on the ship at all…?”
They began to walk down the street. Talking. Elbowing each other until Persua skipped sideways. Laughing until the Persua watching them nearly smashed Rastandius’ crystal ball.
 
——
 
“What is this?”
She nearly shrieked it in Rastandius’ face. Only the bile in her throat kept her from properly screaming. Persua felt sick, confused, betrayed. She went to seize the [Soothsayer]’s robes, but he looked as surprised as she did.
“The Wind Runner of Reizmelt herself? You would have known Tyrion Veltras. My, how—”
“You faker. You charlatan.”
Persua hissed in his face. Rastandius blinked at her and then realized she was truly upset.
“Do you know Ryoka Griffin?”
“She’s a fiend! That monstrous bitch, that—murdering, whoring—she’s the reason everything has gone wrong for me! Are you telling me we were supposed to be friends?”
Persua struggled with the mountains of injustices, but Rastandius knew none of this. He just gave her a solemn, even amused look.
