9.09 P
Page 7
Faster, stronger? A combat class? A talent in…in magic? These things set Couriers apart. Even when they had been City Runners, Persua knew that Salamani had been a talented [Mage]. The Hundredfriends Courier had already had his Orangutan buddy, who’d pop out of a tattoo and beat up a [Mugger].
What was Persua’s thing? Hence her desire to come up with a worthy nickname. Her scheming to take on a Courier-level request. And thankfully, Toremn’s Guildmaster had barred her from even looking at them. Raich and Herove listened to Persua, but the truth was that they had leveled on time to make Courier by three years, both having hit Level 30 already. They just needed a few more good Skills. Persua had been saying the same thing for months. She was willing to take a risk—but keenly aware of how dangerous some of the risks that would propel her forwards were.
And that might have been Persua’s entire life. Aging from the new Courier-prospective into one of the jaded City Runners who moved on from Toremn or settled there and realized they might never really become the Courier they dreamed of.
So few did. And then Persua would find someone—perhaps Herove or someone with the right potential or position—and settle down. One day, one of her descendants would receive a mysterious ring in her will and find it was actually a powerful artifact.
Except that Persua, on the 12th day of Norium into the first month of fall, decided to go to the local fair. As such things went, it wasn’t a bad meeting of fates. Especially because for the person, the class which she would meet—
Travelling fairs, markets, bazaars and whatnot, even the corner of an inn by midnight, that was where he belonged. The [Soothsayer] passed his hand over the crystal ball again and one of the [Performers] leaned over the counter, looking amused.
“More tricks? You can’t just put on a [Scrying] spell these days. Everyone’s onto it, oh great and All-Seeing Rastandius.”
Rastandius the All-Seeing glanced up and looked away from the young woman after a moment. Then the [Performer] blinked, because this was no scrying spell she had ever seen. Would Wistram News Network feature some boring City Runner?
Rastandius chuckled and covered the ball with a cloth.
“It’s a paltry trick indeed, and damn Wistram for all their scrying orbs. It puts honest crystal balls to shame. But today, I think I’ll break out the real stuff.”
Not the ‘real magic’, but the real stuff. The [Performer] laughed lightly, but with uncertainty as she fiddled with her juggling pins, of which she had ten.
“Oh, come on. The last time you tried that, the [Lady] nearly hung you, and they ran us out of Ulta lands. If the [Caravan Master] hears you’re up to your tricks…you told me it’s mostly chance, even with your Skills.”
“Fate is never certain. But it is certain when it is uncertain. I may be old, but I have enough wherewithal to know when we come to a crossroads of fate, or when the strings of destiny pull taut.”
That was all Rastandius’ faded glory and faux mysticism. He shuffled open a deck of cards, and the [Performer] rolled her eyes…until he flipped a card up. The old man, who put on a white beard and whose mysterious robes were mostly ‘mysterious’ due to lack of washing, winked at the woman. Then she saw his one wooden eye gleam, and his gnarled hands move gracefully, twirling the card up and making it disappear and then appear on the counter of his wagon.
“Care to guess?”
“Every card means whatever you want it to mean.”
