9.10 W
Page 17
Then she slammed the door and locked it before Erin could say anything else. The [Innkeeper] stopped Lyonette from banging on the door, but she was angry enough herself to say something. She noticed Inkar glancing her way and waved.
“Maybe I could ride with you or talk to you, Inkar?”
She tried to look forwards to the next day of travel. Then Mrsha groaned and began to cough. She rubbed at her throat, and Lyonette felt at her forehead.
“Oh dear.”
 
——
 
Mrsha was sick. She had a cold. Probably from running about and being excited late into the night.
It wasn’t a bad cold, just unpleasant. She blew her nose, coughed, and stared around at everyone with the banked fury of a victim of the most unfair and unscrupulous treatment.
She was sick on her big vacation! This was all your fault! You! And you! And especially you! She wanted to have fun, and now she felt like a wet dishrag.
Curse you! She shook her fist at Typhenous, her seat-passenger for the day. He adamantly claimed to be innocent.
 
——
 
Sick Mrsha, bad accommodations, and another day of this. Lyonette was [Messaging] ahead, and she quickly realized that the same problem applied—her ‘reservation’ wasn’t much good, and the owners did not like Goblins.
It would be the height of unpleasantness to find a place to camp—without a tent—as they arrived at dusk or, alternatively, have to argue their way into a place to sleep, so Inkar volunteered to help.
“We will ride ahead. We can find out if there is anywhere to stay.”
“I’ll ride with you! I can ride a horse. I think. I’d like to try, if that’s okay?”
Erin offered, and Inkar gave her a long stare. Erin worried the [Traveller] was mad about Erin taking Tkrn’s place or unwilling to ride with her, but Inkar just nodded.
“How many times have you ridden? Let’s see.”
She got off her horse and helped Erin into another one. Erin had forgotten how big horses were, and how…
“Whoa. Whoa. Um…hey, buddy.”
She tried to pat the horse on the back of the head. The animal whickered, sounding as uneasy as Erin. He took a few steps forwards, and Erin grasped at the reins, but was too nervous to pull them.
“I, uh—stop! Whoa!”
Inkar made a clicking sound with her tongue, and the horse stopped. It gazed at her as she reached up and patted it on the sides of the head. Soothed, the animal turned as Inkar smiled.
“You’ve ridden a horse?”
Her English wasn’t bad! She had a lot of practice, but she had an accent that Erin noticed. It sounded a bit high-pitched? As if she didn’t follow through on the full breath of some words. Perfectly understandable, but interesting.
“I have—a bit. For fun. At, like, ranches and for that kind of thing. But I, um, don’t know how to ride one. Is that okay?”
“Erin, the carriages move pretty fast…”
Lyonette was clearly worried Erin would get left behind, but Inkar reassured her.
“It’s okay. [We Travel Together]. My Skills and hers…we’ll go fast.”
She smiled, and Erin looked delighted. She sat up straighter as Inkar swung herself onto Samal’s saddle with one move. So cool! Mrsha whined as she pointed, and Lyonette patted her on the head.
“Sorry, dear, but no. Absolutely not.”
“We could gamble, Mrsha? I have a deck of cards.”
“Typhenous! Absolutely…”
The carriages began to pull away as Erin saw Inkar wave at Tkrn, who had elected to sit with Numbtongue. The Hob was already playing a song as Gothica poked him, demanding he work on her theme song. Erin kicked her horse.
“Gee up! Let’s go after them, pal! You and me! What’s your name? Bobby? Stanford?”
