9.10 W
Page 2
Coal had the same qualities as diamond, but one was not the other. And yet…soon she would be heading to a place with many [Witches]. On a task from one of the greatest [Witches] of her era. The signs were everywhere in the inn. A swirl of salt knocked over by a little Gnoll’s paw. Soap suds in the bucket of water the [Head Server] patiently dunked dirty plates into.
Even the way her maple syrup drizzled out of a bottle. Erin stared blankly at the plate.
“Hey, lookit the weird syrup, Mrsha.”
Then she took a bite. The Gnoll girl barely looked around. She was racing around so much that Lyonette was having trouble keeping track of her and checking her list.
“Okay, we have a lunch packed. Burritos to go. Who’s allergic to what? Ser Sest—put an ‘S’ there. Ah, ah—Mrsha refuses to have sauce in hers. ‘M’. Is that all? No, wait. Why does it say ‘no tomatoes, Tkrn’?”
“…Because Tkrn is coming?”
“Tkrn? Inkar? We’ve forgotten to make them lunch! Where are they?”
Lyonette threw up her hands in exasperation. Ser Dalimont, marking the burritos in their paper bags, sighed and glanced at the kitchen. Erin’s head turned at her table.
“Inkar? Tkrn? Who’s—oh, Inkar!”
She had barely seen the young woman from Kazakhstan. Mrsha gave Erin a highly offended look and was scribbling when Erin poked her.
“Don’t you insult me! She’s been with the Silverfangs, Mrsha. I wondered why she wasn’t at the inn.”
“Probably in mourning. Honored Krshia has been absent too. I will make two burritos. Without tomatoes, Lyonette. You finish packing.”
Ishkr whizzed past them into the kitchen, and Lyonette finally exhaled.
“We need a [Chef]. Okay. Mrsha, are you packed? Don’t give me a blank look, missy! Do you have your clothes? Don’t point to your bag of holding! You pack, not throw everything in higgledy-piggledy last minute!”
Mrsha sighed long and loud, but she was still excited as she raced upstairs. After all—
She was going on a vacation! Erin herself scarfed down her food. It was still funny to her.
“You sure you want to come, Lyonette? You look like you, uh, might be stressed.”
The [Princess] gave Erin an arch look.
“I’m fine, Erin. It’s true that we could use someone to run the inn…but I don’t foresee as much business with you gone. And frankly, after all these ‘adventures’, if Mrsha is going, so am I.”
And no one’s getting into trouble this time. That was the unspoken promise, and Erin shrugged guiltily.
“Who’s on the final list?”
“A small group.”
Lyonette assured her. She read from the list.
“Let’s see. Erin, Lyonette, Mrsha, no Bird because of a certain potential issue with a ‘Mavika’…and Antinium abroad, sadly. Numbtongue—can Octavia make it, Numbtongue?”
“No.”
“Good, then—”
“But Garia can. She’s coming. Maybe write that down.”
Lyonette threw up her hands and went on rapidly, as if afraid of being interrupted.
“Inkar, Tkrn! Sest, Lormel, Dalimont, Ushar, Typhenous, and the Horns are…?”
She turned, and Ceria raised a hand.
“Not coming.”
“There we are, then.”
Erin turned in her seat. It was a large group, really, but it was far smaller than you could have asked for, given the inn’s population. No Halfseekers, no close friends.
No Normen and Alcaz either. She waved at them.
“Sure you guys don’t want to come?”
“I have practice, Miss Erin. And it occurred to us that someone should be here with Mister Ishkr, as it were.”
The bulk of the security was going with them. Although, there wouldn’t be any adventuring teams, but if there was an issue that Numbtongue, Typhenous, the Thronebearers, and Mrsha the Great and Powerful couldn’t solve—
