9.10 W
Page 34
She could not know it, but a bubbling dislike was warring with an intellectual appreciation that knew full well his animosity was not natural. Still, the feeling was hard to erase. And at the same time…Erin gazed at Laken.
Laken, whom she knew full well had participated in the siege of Liscor. Laken, who had kidnapped the Goblins; to save them, but also kidnapped them. And fought with Rags. Who had…saved her life. And he was Ryoka’s dubious friend or acquaintance. Also, Laken from Earth, who had become an [Emperor]?
She was eying Laken Godart in a way that Lyonette did not like. The [Princess] knew Erin’s moods, and Erin had the same expression she sometimes cheerfully gave to Zevara or Lism or…a lot of people.
“Erin. Erin, this is his welcome, and we need his cooperation. Be very polite. Erin? Erin?”
The procession was coming face-to-face with Laken’s entourage, who had waited for them to approach. Like supplicants before an informal throne. Erin even smelled flower petals and a faint perfume in the air instead of sweat or anything else.
Such an orchestrated event, and people were cheering or applauding. Laken raised a hand, and the sounds died down instantly.
Erin tried. She really did. She twitched—then, as Gamel began to read out an official welcome, she lost control.
“Hey, Laken! Good to meet you at last! Put her there!”
The [Innkeeper] strode forwards with a hand stretched out. Lyonette screamed—internally. Erin halted a second as the half-Troll girl stirred, frowning. Laken had no eyes to blink, but he twitched, and Gamel faltered.
“His M—er…”
Undaunted, Erin took another step, holding her hand out, right before a woman’s arm shot out and the [Farmer] blocked her way. Prost and Rie gave Erin long stares.
“His Majesty doesn’t shake hands, Miss—”
“Emperor Godart is waiting upon a formal greeting, I believe—”
The two began until Laken coughed. They stopped, turned, and he walked forwards.
“Laken!”
Durene hissed at him, but the blind man continued. Erin blinked. He wore pale white clothing with flashes of color added to them along the sleeves and leggings around his ankles, an oddly austere look matched by the embroidery of that pyramid and eyes—his symbols, emblazoned on his chest.
Royal-casual clothing? It certainly seemed nice, and he had a few artifacts on. A ring like hers, probably, buffed walking shoes, but he didn’t dress like Altestiel even.
Yet never had Erin felt an aura as strong as his. Not even Magnolia had the…intensity. The power, maybe, but she felt like it was pressing all around her. Erin’s own aura was skin-deep, and she pushed it back, but she’d never been so conscious of the authority in the air.
But the blind man was casual, and indeed, he walked without a cane, as sure as could be across the newly-laid brick street. Erin had only half meant it when she held out a hand. Yet up his came, and he clasped hers with both of his. And shook it gently.
“Erin Solstice. You’re every bit as outstanding as Ryoka said.”
His grip was firm, even tight, but Erin saw him smile widely. Almost too widely. Did he…not like her? Was he offended?
For once, she had no idea. She had known—well, met people who were blind, a few times, but she couldn’t read Laken for more reasons than just that. Fortunately or unfortunately, her mouth was running on autopilot.
And there were people watching her. Erin felt a prickling on the back of her neck from some—feeling. But she couldn’t turn away from Laken, so she smiled and joked.
“It’s a pleasure, Laken. I’m Erin—you knew that! Oops, sorry. Can I call you Laken?”
