9.10 W
Page 18
The horse ignored her. Erin was trying to be a confident rider, so she pressed her heel into the sides. She thought it was hard, but the horse ignored her. Erin flushed as Inkar trotted forwards.
“Want to go? I wanted to talk to you.”
She smiled with her teeth like a Gnoll, and Erin blinked.
“Sure. How do I…? Whoa!”
The horse began trotting after Inkar’s horse. It barely listened to Erin, but followed the other horse. Erin quickly realized that she had no control over her mount, but it was a well-trained animal. It knew to follow Inkar, and once she learned to adjust to the bouncy rhythm—it was fun.
Being on a horse was nothing like being in a car or on a carriage. It felt—close to everything and fast. Not least because Inkar’s Skills meant they caught up to the carriage at a canter!
Both girls had to get moving first, though, so Inkar’s first half-hour was telling Erin to hold onto the reins differently, relax in the saddle, and watch her tongue in case she bit it while riding. Erin felt completely out of her depth, but Inkar was a good guide.
“Sit back a bit. Good. Now we ride! Do you want food?”
“Food? We had some bad porridge. You have, uh, any snacks?”
For answer, Inkar pulled out what looked like…travel pancakes? They were a flatbread, fried up, and she offered some to Erin.
“Shelpek? I made them like home. Gnolls have something like it. And silkap.”
She offered a jar of the fine meat spread, and Erin found herself munching on a piece of bread covered in the rich food and perked up.
The world felt so much better with the good food in her mouth! Suddenly, she glanced around, and the bleh morning took on some color. Erin stared around and saw a dirt road winding ahead, passing by a huge field of Yellats being yanked out of the ground by a [Farmer] with tongs.
He had an odd hat with two crystals dangling off it and stopped mid-pull with the orange vegetable dangling off the tongs to see the three carriages, each one painted a gentle green, passing by.
Clairei Carriages, painted in a bit of bright yellow, with the advisory underneath: Protected by the Order of Clairei Fields.
The field of Yellats was huge! Erin saw dried and what she would have assumed meant dead stalks of faded yellow amid the dry dirt, but that was just how Yellats grew. Indeed, the [Farmer] didn’t need to wait on rain since the crops native to Chandrar were so hardy. He waved a hand, and the crystals dangling from his wicker hat shone as Erin realized they were cooling gems.
“Hello there! Headed to Riverfarm?”
“How do you know?”
Erin shouted back. He laughed in a huge voice, amused.
“Everyone’s headed there these days! Safe roads in the Unseen Empire!”
“Thank you! Who are you? Tell me, so plains can sing your name!”
The [Farmer] blinked as Inkar slowed and shouted back.
“Farmer Geleit! And who’re you?”
“Inkar of Longstalker’s Fang, and Erin of Liscor!”
The [Traveller] shouted and laughed at his expression. Inkar rode high-backed, staring up at the sky, where grey clouds were passing over the blue. Erin’s face fell.
“Aw, no. Not rain—”
It began to shower, and it looked like that morning would be bad again as the damp smell overtook the vague spicy hint of the Yellats and the fall air. But Inkar just laughed.
“Rain! Do you want a jacket?”
