9.10 W
Page 12
They turned to him, and the [Emperor] did not hesitate long. Because he had learned that he could say, ‘what would be best?’, or ‘what would you do?’, and if he had the right person, they might offer an opinion, but if he asked for a decision, they would hem and haw until he said it.
“I believe Riverfarm lacks for suitable style.”
“Style?”
The [Emperor] smiled tightly. He touched his un-hatted head of mousey hair, whose color he kept forgetting because it didn’t matter. An inferior head, despite being an [Emperor]. Especially compared to all these magnificent hats.
“We have fine clothing from some of our experts, and we are growing cotton and importing style and fashion. We have wool for sheep, and I am told by Adventurer Revi that Riverfarm does not lack for style.”
Indeed, while a lot of the clothing was utilitarian, he had been informed that the symbols of the Unseen Empire had begun to appear sewn onto clothing like badges, or embroidered. A hat, a triangular pyramid, or a giant hawk riding a bear. However, Laken gestured to his head.
“Yet hats? We lack for good hats. Hats for [Farmers] in the fields, or [Scouts], or a hat for the coming cold. I, myself, have been fascinated by them of late. Why not a contest? Let the best hat win, [Witches] or [Tailors] or whomever wishes to compete. And I will wear the best one for a day.”
Now that provoked a furor. Laken was proud of himself—right before he heard Oliyaya’s cackle and got worried. But Agratha bowed instantly.
“A hat contest? I shall need to prepare. When will it be, and what will the rules consist of?”
Laken had no idea, and he didn’t like Agratha’s enthusiastic tone. But he had methods for dealing with this. He turned his head ever-so-slightly and nodded, and Wiskeria broke in.
“We shall announce it by the end of the day, Witch Agratha. For now—disperse, please. No more fighting, indoors or out.”
And there ended a fight. Laken exhaled, then turned to Revi as Wiskeria marched over, talking to the citizens, but going to both camps of [Witches] and having a word.
His [General] really was good at her job. Which was keeping the peace, being the arm that connected [Witches] to people.
For a Witch of Law, or so she had claimed, Wiskeria truly was efficient. He had heard she was diligent in making sure the new trainees and [Soldiers] drilled, and she listened to experts like [Instructors] and weapon trainers and delegated her command to the actual soldiers.
He trusted her, for all she was Belavierr’s daughter. He thought Wiskeria liked her job, but Laken had to confess—of Prost, of Durene, even compared to the changed Rie—
He did not know Wiskeria. Laken realized how much he did not know her the longer they were acquainted. It was not just the tests he’d had Gamel run in the past, where Wiskeria had performed all manner of unsavory tasks without missing a beat.
It was not even her relationship with her mother.
There was something off about Wiskeria, and Laken confirmed that by the reaction of the other [Witches]. He leaned over.
“Revi, what is Wiskeria doing? Oh, and what is she wearing?”
He had high hopes for Wiskeria’s hat, but Revi took a few seconds before replying.
“…She’s wearing some blue robes. I’d say midnight blue if that wasn’t being too pretentious, but more like a darker cobalt. Bog-standard [Mage] robes.”
“Standard? What about her hat?”
“The same color. It’s also blue. Fairly straight. I’d bet it’s some kind of sturdy cotton. Probably a stiff lining of something.”
“What about decorations? Some…magic?”
Revi scrutinized Wiskeria a second and shook her head.
“Uh, no.”
