9.10 W
Page 5
“General Wiskeria! What brings you here?”
“Just touring the farms, Mister Ram. Worms?”
“Odd bastards. Grave worms. Not natural. I think it might be—er, some of your folk, begging your pardon, Miss Wiskeria.”
He was careful around her. He almost said something else, and Wiskeria caught the not-words.
Might be unnatural magic. Tampering.
Witchcraft, or what the [Head Farmer] thought witchcraft was. She took no offense. A [Witch] could conjure worms or relocate them, but she had done nothing about it.
“I can ask about, Mister Ram. No doubt it’s just some carrion. Speaking of which—”
She showed him the body again, and the dead father stared out with glassy eyes, head hanging askew. Blood was drying, and his body was stiffening already in rigor mortis. Murdered moments ago by those sensible boots trodding over worms and pulping them into the soil.
Mister Ram stared at the dead body and smiled. Approvingly, gratefully. It was something Wiskeria had learned people did.
“Damn. A racoon by daylight?”
“He must have been hungry. Should I not have killed him?”
Wiskeria saw the man instantly shake his head and purse his lips.
“Not at all. You needn’t’ve troubled yourself though, General. Not you—we’ll put out some of Gralton’s dogs on night-watch. The last thing we need is them stripping some of the good crops.”
He nodded at the valuable crops, not mere wheat or barley sprouting up in vast fields, but even some aspiring grape vines and most crucially—a whole host of pumpkins.
“Are they growing…well?”
Ram nodded.
“We’ll be eating them for ages. Pumpkins in the bread, pumpkin pie—though we’re not growing sugarcane, as of yet—and have enough for Emperor Godart’s funny tradition. Carving faces.”
He laughed at that, like a man who saw only a funny image in a face carved. Not a curse. Not a place for a screaming soul to hide or eyes to watch. He accepted the dead body from Wiskeria.
“I’ll trot it over to a [Butcher]. Could be some good meat for the hounds. Thank you kindly.”
The [Witch] smiled and tipped her hat. She turned, stomping more worms to death as they writhed away—but so did he. She walked off, deliberately not worrying about what was coming. Because she wouldn’t know anything about that, would she?
She was a [General], a [Witch]—and most thought of the two classes as an odd combination. They forgot that [Witches] had led armies. A [Witch] could marshall a village. How hard was an army compared to that? If she could medicate wounds, settle disputes, make sure there was enough to eat, the animals were fed, the pests dealt with—a talented [Witch] could do that for a hundred thousand people.
It was only a matter of scale.
So, Wiskeria walked the farms. She checked on the people in the town—too large to be called a village now, even with the other outlying settlements being built—and listened for the sounds of disputes, people who might be unwell.
These were far more difficult for her to pick up than the man weeping and begging her to listen. Mortal voices were soft and—confusing. But they greeted her with smiles and called her ‘General’, ‘Miss Wiskeria’, or ‘Witch Wiskeria’, and she smiled back.
“How has your day been—Yesel?”
Prost’s wife was only too happy to tell Wiskeria.
“It’s been a night, Wiskeria. We had little Rulent up with a fever, so his parents came rushing to us. Nevermind that it was a spring fever—new parents get worried, so I was up halfway till dawn with tea and blankets until we all passed out.”
“Oh no. How terrible!”
Wiskeria seemed shocked and upset. Right up until she noticed the blank look cross Yesel’s face.
