9.10 W
Page 32
“Gothica. Why are you harassing Erin? She fought the Raskghar, and you helped bring her back. Stop it.”
Numbtongue hissed as he disembarked from the carriage. He poked the little Cave Goblin in the side, reminding her of everything. Gothica stomped on his foot. As if she had ever forgotten. She glowered up at him and whispered back.
“I am [Goth]. Goth doesn’t respect stupid laws or authority.”
“Right, but Erin is nice.”
“Erin is also biggest authority ever. No killing Goblins. Bullies Titan. I level up. Who bullies biggest bully?”
Gothica tapped her chest proudly. Numbtongue opened his mouth and thought about it. He folded his arms and nodded.
“…Mm. Good, keep it up.”
He gazed ahead at Riverfarm, and the [Bard] wondered if this was such a good idea. For the instant he was spotted—and he had to admit, he’d gotten used to this on the ride here—the first thing the people did was shout.
“Goblin!”
They pointed to him and Ulvama. Gothica, ironically, was harder to pick out since Riverfarm’s folk weren’t used to a [Goth]-style Goblin. Numbtongue smiled and didn’t reach for his sword; he unslung his guitar.
He didn’t want to call lightning down, but he was noting the armed [Cataphract] and the better-than-average fighters here. And the Troll. Was she wearing armor? He decided he’d let the Thronebearers fight her.
He had heard of Riverfarm, though he had never been with Rags. But Ulvama had said there were possibly captive Goblins here, a reason for Erin coming. And that this had been a bloody battlefield between Rags’ tribe and the Humans. So Numbtongue waited—but then he realized that cry of ‘Goblin’ was odd.
A man with his eyes closed had raised his hand at the furor, but no one had raised a bow, just pointed at him. Which was the most tame reaction that Numbtongue had had since leaving Invrisil.
Strange and stranger. Lyonette looked worried, but she advanced with the Thronebearers flanking her and Erin just as planned, and the welcoming parade seemed to kick off as planned.
“His Majesty, [Emperor] Laken Godart of the Unseen Empire, Protector of Durene’s Cottage, welcomes the [Innkeeper] of Liscor, Erin Solstice! A friend of Riverfarm and ally of the Wind Runner!”
Some fancy [Knight]-fellow was shouting the address as Numbtongue sauntered after Erin. Unlike the [Innkeeper], he could observe since he wasn’t in the spotlight. Erin had frozen up a bit at all the fanfare—literally, a group was wailing on some trumpets. A cheer began, and he wondered what Ryoka had done here.
But Numbtongue also got the juicy gossip from the rest of his companions.
“Ryoka was here? Oh, with that Centauress. Charlay. I heard she’s a character. Numb, they’re not aiming bows at you! Good sign?”
Garia hissed at Numbtongue. On the other side, Dame Ushar was whispering to Ser Sest.
“Lormel’s got his shield up in [Invisible Guard]. We should have had two Torchlights securing this area.”
“It can’t be helped. We are entering a foreign monarch’s presence. Is that a…a [Knight]? It surely is. Low-level, but…who is that half-Troll?”
“Politeness. That’s the [Emperor]’s consort, Sest.”
“No, I know. Durene Faerise. I meant—her class. Her class is making me…”
Achoo!
Mrsha sneezed all over Ulvama as the exasperated [Shaman] carried her. She’d fed Mrsha a little tonic, but now Ulvama responded by wiping her arm all over Mrsha’s fur. The Gnoll tried to punch her, but then sniffled.
This is so fun, and I’m sick! Curse you all!
