9.10 W
Page 31
For answer, Wiskeria thought for a long moment, then nodded down the hill to where her humble house lay and Riverfarm was in uproar. She spoke, though Nanette knew she would have to uncover the true meaning.
“There’s an old man around Riverfarm. Every morning, as I wake, and in the night, I can hear him weeping. He knows I’m here, and he whispers to me, begging for me to pick him up and carry him with me. He’s dying, and Mother ignored him because he had nothing she wanted. Maybe Califor could hear him. Perhaps Mavika can or only knows that he’s there. But if I bent down, I could lift him up and add him to my craft. Or strike a bargain for Laken or do many things.”
What old man? But Nanette saw Wiskeria adjust her hat.
“A [Witch] with no hat has walked into Riverfarm. I can sense her like a [Lady]’s fire, smelling of Goblins, and ghosts. I can hear…her coming. I can see it on the wind and in the ants. If I wanted to protect myself, aid or help her, or make good on my promise to end my mother’s evil, I could whisper down a well long abandoned into the deeps. I could journey to Chandrar and cut a piece of flesh that never rots and devour it. Or if I feared that, walk into the blood of this land, like Rie—though she’s also corrupted in her way—and offer to strike a pledge with the nobles of this land. Those are but options. I could bleed myself for a month and then offer it all up for a pact if there were anyone left to listen.”
All these things were secrets. Terrible secrets. Nanette felt chills as she heard rituals that Califor would never teach her. Some things should be forgotten. Yet Wiskeria knew them, and she could do them all, Nanette believed. Wiskeria turned her head, and her smile was no more or less bland with all the words that made the air darken. The promise of such acts and deeds…became a strange look in her eyes. It was the first true emotion she’d shown this day, and Nanette read it on Wiskeria’s face.
Slightly scornful. Slightly sad. Wistful and resigned, and…Wiskeria shook her head.
“I could do it. But how boringly predictable would I be? Mother taught me too well. It’s easy. That’s not my craft.”
With that, she turned and strode down the hill. An ordinary witch with a hat full of nothing. Wiskeria headed down to meet a [Witch] with no hat. Nanette closed her eyes.
If only they had met earlier. Indeed, they might have been such wonderful friends.
 
——
 
Erin Solstice had fallen in love with Inkar. Just like so many of her guests, over the course of only three days, she had seen Inkar’s way of travelling across the world and envied and admired how she was.
“I want to help you. Are you going back to Longstalker’s Fang?”
“Probably. I don’t know what Tkrn will do. Or what will happen. I like Liscor, but Eska might need me.”
The [Innkeeper] solemnly placed a hand on Inkar’s shoulder and patted it a few times, and the [Traveler] smiled at her. Erin looked ahead to the people waiting at the huge town and spoke to Inkar.
“I’ll do something. For you and your tribe. You helped Mrsha so much—I promise. It’ll be great.”
“Uh oh. Goodbye tribe.”
Gothica spoke up, and Erin turned her head to glare. Erin knew it was a wild promise, but she meant it with all her heart. Then she raised her head and turned, for she felt him across the middle distance. A blind man…with an aura so vast she had ridden into it. She felt as if there were an eye looking at her. But the person…Erin waved at Laken Godart and realized he couldn’t see her since he was blind.
But to her amazement—he waved back.
 
——
 
