9.10 W
Page 30
“I suppose it was because the boy wasn’t that sick. Yet if he had been about to breathe his last, I would have been right, isn’t that so?”
“That’s right. Can’t you tell the difference?”
Wiskeria shifted, and Nanette did not mean to hurt her feelings. After a touch of awkwardness, Wiskeria replied.
“…He could have breathed his last in the night. A child’s lungs can close. A summer cold can be a parasite or rot in the lungs. He was still sick; these could be his last days.”
“But you don’t know that.”
“But Yesel couldn’t know he’ll live.”
“She hoped he would.”
“Hm. I think I see it.”
Despite her grief, the young Nanette stirred. If she had been well and not heavy with sadness, she would have laughed, or given Wiskeria a disbelieving look, or…instead, she asked a question that bubbled out of her like the curiosity it was made of.
“Wiskeria. How did you live as an adventurer? Was it this hard?”
For answer, Wiskeria tilted her head upwards and stared at the sky. She had begun weeping, nearly five months ago, for no reason. Not even she had known why until later when she had learned that the [Maid] called Sacra was dead. Wiskeria had known her as Odveig.
“It’s easier to be an adventurer. You smile at people, you tell jokes, and if you just do what you’re told, that’s called ‘professional’. People rather liked me, I thought. My team often told me I didn’t have to do ‘menial tasks’, but it made me liked. And I didn’t lead my team. Odveig did. So we went around and killed whomever we were paid to. A task as old as time. My teammates seemed happy. Murder and pay. Simple and easy.”
That was how she saw it. Then Wiskeria smiled sadly.
“…I guess that might have been too easy. Odveig was really Sacra. I wonder how odd she thought I was. I never knew, Nanette. Really and truly. I thought I had a friend. Oh well, I’ve been wrong before.”
The doll-like girl’s limbs twitched. She almost wanted to hug Wiskeria, to stand—but Belavierr’s shadow loomed wide, and Califor was dead. So Nanette didn’t move as a cry came up from Riverfarm.
It sounded like, ‘Goblin’. Wiskeria turned her head and hesitated, but she relaxed when she saw an [Emperor] raise his hand.
“You don’t sound mad Sacra tricked you.”
Nanette whispered as the other [Witch] began to stand. Wiskeria turned as she adjusted her hat and made sure she was looking proper. She gave Nanette a blank glance.
“No. She was probably told to trick me.”
“But you thought she was your friend.”
For answer, Wiskeria shrugged.
“Yes, but she had her job. And I do not blame Magnolia Reinhart for spying on Belavierr’s daughter. I would, if I was her. Something is happening below. I should be there, as Laken’s [General].”
Nanette peered up at Wiskeria, and she eyed the other [Witch]. Wiskeria had been a Silver-rank adventurer. Before that, she had apparently sailed from Terandria and worked as a sailor in all but class for two years. Now, she was a [General] for an [Emperor].
Did it feel more or less important to her? Did she enjoy it? What a mystery she was. Nanette spoke softly, as below, someone like a lighthouse, like a roaring flame, like a waving flag upon the wind, strode into Riverfarm. Nanette wondered who she was. Wiskeria turned her head once and then looked back.
“Wiskeria. Why don’t you practice the old ways? Why don’t you strive for your craft? Mavika says you could surpass her. Oliyaya thinks you could teach her. Why are you like this?”
