9.10 W
Page 6
“I mean—for Rulent?”
Then her heart was pounding fast in her chest, as fast as the dying father’s, with worry until Yesel’s expression cleared.
“Yes, the poor dear! He was so upset—I should see if he can take down some soup.”
Wiskeria smiled, and her heart rate calmed down. Oh, so that was how it went.
“It’s…tough for you? A nuisance?”
“Not too much, but thank you for asking.”
“Oh. I see. Well, let me know if I can help.”
Yesel waved it away, but her smile seemed to increase, and she patted Wiskeria’s hand.
“You are so thoughtful, Wiskeria. Not like—”
She caught herself, and Wiskeria read the other words. The [Witch]’s smile never changed. But she remembered this, remembered this and tried to figure out how to do it right next time.
Because this was hard. Not that Yesel noticed, aside from that one moment of uncertainty. They were all people. More than Humans—and Riverfarm did have a few non-Humans these days—people were well-trained. They ignored little moments like that, smoothed them over, and Wiskeria was intensely grateful for their forgiveness.
Yet if she passed by in the eye of many as an important person, but unseen—there was one group of people who did watch Wiskeria. Who looked at her oddly.
Who—saw her.
And they were also [Witches]. But they were not the ones Wiskeria was trying to fit with. So she ignored the straightening [Witch] with her sensible cardigan sweater—under the lightest of ‘robes’, more like a long jacket, all bright red over a linen-beige covered with little mauve flowers—and her non-threatening hat with a little embroidered crown like leaves. The green thread spread downwards until they bloomed into ‘flowers’ which were black cats and broomsticks, cauldrons and wands and stars.
A beautiful hat that took everything that was [Witch] and made it somehow less and expected. A terribly wretched hat, to some, which offended their eyes.
But a perfect hat for the friendly woman with a face that was welcoming and excited to tell you things as a teacher, for that was what she was. Witch Agratha carried sweet toffee she made in one pocket, sealed with bits of wax paper that she would give to children or her apprentices. She had a handshake that even a [Miner] respected, and her clothing was often the brightest among any coven of [Witches].
In her way, she was as noted and as separate as Wiskeria was. But even Agratha, who smiled in the face of scorn like a willow in the winds—even she looked at Wiskeria with a frown full of unease. Until Wiskeria turned and Agratha smiled as if Wiskeria could not see out of the corners of her eyes.
As if Wiskeria were as blind as a [Witch] like Agratha, who didn’t need to ignore the whisper of the winds and the old man’s sobbing. For she, who taught hundreds of apprentices, had never learned to listen.
 
——
 
A [Witch] was made by many things. Her craft, her personality, her deeds and experiences and if she was sick or well and her friends and…everything.
But she still expressed much of it in her hat. A hat, Emperor Laken had learned, was a [Witch].
…Which annoyed him no end because the blind [Emperor] did not have eyes, and even his senses, which allowed him to detect most of Riverfarm, did not do detail like hats. It was something he would have learned to live with—except that they sounded like wonderful damn hats.
Nor could he go around and lay his hands on and feel out each [Witch]’s hat one-by-one. Even an [Emperor] did not go around touching hats.
