9.10 W
Page 16
“Oh, you don’t say. Gothica, would you want to live there? Really? I know you have a class, but do you really like stuff like that enough to live in an undead…gloomy place?”
Gothica considered the question. She bared her teeth.
“I want to sleep in coffin. You make. Coffin in basement with dead bodies.”
Erin threw up her hands.
“Forget it.”
 
——
 
She was slightly aggrieved, in short, when they disembarked for their stay at a local inn on their way to Riverfarm. That was when the next part of the bad journey took hold.
“No Goblins.”
“But they’re not Goblins. They’re—”
This time, the surly [Hostel Manager] cut Erin off.
“No Goblins.”
She barely emerged from behind the door she had only opened a crack. Lyonette took over before Erin could explode.
“We’ve already paid for our rooms. Surely there’s somewhere we could stay?”
“You can have your money back. You said nothing about Goblins. ‘Sides, there wasn’t any reservation. We’re almost full up.”
“But I sent you a [Message]—”
“We don’t do reservations. First come, first serve. That’s how it works.”
Both Lyonette and Erin were used to a different system of, well, tourism. However, Riverfarm was not exactly a populated hub—or it hadn’t been. Erin fumed as Numbtongue picked out a good spot to camp. Inkar was only too willing to find them a spot, but Lyonette came back with an offer.
There was a guest-house of sorts, not connected to the hostel itself, that the group could stay in. It would cost them extra, and the Goblins had to stay out of sight and not do Goblin things. Frankly, only the Thronebearers’ presence had gotten that much.
The [Hostel Manager] clearly thought Erin was insane, and she watched fearfully as the guests trooped over to the ‘guest house’. Erin was tired after sitting in a carriage all day, and even Mrsha was droopy. So they went inside and discovered why the guest house wasn’t being used.
It was run-down, had holes in the walls, and Erin discovered the beds had spiders living under them. She found that out after waking up, because she had a rash of bites on her arm.
Frankly, the people who’d elected to camp outside—Numbtongue, Garia, Inkar, and Tkrn—had probably enjoyed their sleep far more. When Erin got up, exclaiming over the itchy bites and having to wash with a bucket drawn from the well, she found breakfast was a bunch of cold porridge and milk someone had left them outside the cottage.
Lyonette was haranguing the [Hostel Manager] before they left. She had a little Mrsha clinging to her, oddly tired.
“—poor quality food, completely inadequate rooms, and I noted that your [Stablehands] were barely able to bed the horses down. My companions had to do it themselves! Completely inept.”
“That’s my son.”
“Well—I—it’s still poor service for the price!”
The angry woman glared at Lyonette, and they argued as the carriages were loaded up. Erin Solstice just stared.
The [Hostel Manager] noticed the [Innkeeper]’s eyes digging into the side of her face after about three minutes of arguing. She turned and snapped.
“What—what do you want?”
Erin just spoke after a long silence. Eating cold bisque was not a fun way to gain her strength, either.
“Is it fun?”
“Is what fun?”
“Is doing this fun?”
Erin gestured at the hostel and the…everything. It wasn’t a rich place, and if the guests leaving were any judge, it only got a decent amount of travellers most of the time. The woman just stared back, hard.
“Not everyone comes from Invrisil.”
