9.10 W
Page 0

After so long, she was coming here. There was more than a bit of fate in it, but fate was such a fickle thing. As immutable as belief and mountains, and as fragile as both before will, chance, and magic.
Even so, like belief, like a dream or a mountain, only the most foolish ignored such things, and so she took notice.
The omens were everywhere. The very earth muttered it, whispering in toadstool rings, and she felt it in her blood, in her hat—a hat was a very sensitive thing, and hers seemed to shift about on her head more than it should—and the deep ways of her kind. Her class.
[Witches], you see, listened to thought and omen. They listened to the fates, and some wove threads, others looked into tea or the flights of birds. Some listened to the wind.
Especially when an [Emperor] told you that Erin Solstice was coming. That was a very useful trick [Witches] had picked up, listening to people. Even the new generation hadn’t forgotten that most ancient of magics.
…But she, Wiskeria, woke up with a tingling in her toes and saw a line of ants marching in a concentric spiral that slowly looped across one of the newly-built walls of her home. She walked to the window and reflected that building a home for strange friends was not always wise.
For, in the lack of cold iron nails or other fittings came a little, natural slime made of water rolling across the windowsill. It was trying to devour a little stone with a hole in the center of it, a natural, if rare piece of geology, and as she watched it glide past, it slipped and splattered onto the ground. The water of its body flew up and landed, and she read the odd, unnatural pattern as it began to reform.
All these things Wiskeria, the daughter of Belavierr the Stitch Witch, saw. She saw a great flight of Mavika’s crows cross the air and split three ways down the center across a cardinal point where land influenced sky. And those were just the things she exposed herself to by looking. The tea leaves clumped in her morning pot of tea, and she had to shake it gently until they came out in a rush.
A meaning in each sign, a divination into the future. Wiskeria sipped at her tea and listened to the old man sobbing in the distance. She heard the land muttering Laken’s name and tasted a dire warning on the air blown far from the obscured heights of the tallest mountains in the world.
And Wiskeria calmly, deliberately, and intentionally ignored each and every one. She had some tea, blew her nose into a handkerchief because it was getting colder and she’d been out late last night, and munched on a bit of toasted, day-old bread with some of the [Beekeeper]’s honey she’d purchased last week in a lovely little blue ceramic jar.
After all, an ordinary [Witch] paid no attention to such things. She was oh so ordinary. Yes. Wiskeria carefully adjusted her hat and robes, then, humming, walked out of her house and started her day. She’d been dreaming her mother was drowning in deep waters as black as a midnight squid’s ink.
That did put a smile on Wiskeria’s face and a pep in her step.
 
——
 
At the same time, quite far away—over four hundred miles at least as a crow flew—another [Witch] started her day unnaturally. She opened her eyes as her inn clattered about with people getting dressed and checking their things last-minute, and a [Princess] loudly marshaling a few [Knights] into packing up a lunch—and decided to try breathing fire.
“Fooh. Fuuf. Wait. What did they say in that game? Fuuuuus Dooooh…um. Peh!”
