9.10 W
Page 21
Inkar studied Erin’s face. The [Innkeeper] was still tiring faster than she would have liked, and she was fed up. Inkar glanced at the coins.
“He’ll toss someone out instead. Let’s ask the farmers first. You can rest if you want?”
“No, I’ll come with you.”
 
——
 
The rain was picking up as Inkar led Erin from place to place, asking who might have room for an entire party. They were directed to a farm twenty minutes down the road, and by this point, Erin was desperate enough to offer that much gold just to stop staring.
The [Farmer] wasn’t that wary of them when he saw the two wet travellers, and he welcomed them into a home with two boys, both young, and his wife, who was just offering them tea when Erin mentioned the Goblins.
“Let them sleep here? Even the barn—our animals are in for the night. What if they eat ‘em all?”
Erin bristled.
“Goblins don’t eat—my friends aren’t—they’re not monsters. Listen, I’ve got—”
She was digging in her money pouch when Inkar forestalled her. Instead of responding directly to the worried [Farmer] who had lurched to his feet, Inkar took a sip of the tea and smiled.
“It’s very good. Have you lived here a long time?”
The woman, Miss Veierne, shook her head, casting a worried glance at Erin.
“We fled the raids when the Goblin Chieftain from the mountain came. We kept most of our animals, but we came here.”
“Why here?”
Inkar was digging for something in her bag of holding as Erin watched the two boys staring at her as if she had antlers. She was trying to think of a way to convince the farmer. She had to introduce Numbtongue to him! But if he chased them out before she could get him to sit down…she felt like he was not an unreasonable man, but he looked worried, and she understood why.
But Inkar didn’t wait for Numbtongue. She was nodding and gestured to herself.
“I am Inkar of Longstalker’s Fang. I came from their tribe. I come from further away still, but I lived with them in the Great Plains.”
“Longstalker’s Fang? That sounds like—you mean a Gnoll tribe? All the way in the Great Plains? You’ve come thousands of miles! Were you there with all that—unpleasantness I heard about? Drakes and Gnolls and these new lands? Dead gods, but we felt that and heard out days later what happened.”
The [Farmer] broke off from his study of Erin. The [Worldly Traveller] smiled and nodded.
“Izril’s north is very beautiful. We have come to visit friends in the Unseen Empire—yes, I was there.”
“You were?”
The family looked at Inkar, astonished, and were about to ask a dozen questions when Inkar held something out.
“Here. This is Fang Brie. A gift for you all from Longstalker’s Fang. They make it out of their Shockwoolies.”
“Oh my. Really? But this is so generous—are you sure?”
Miss Veierne seemed uncertain, but Inkar’s eyes crinkled up with mischief. She leaned forward.
“Please, take it. It is my [Traveller’s Gift From Home]. My great Skill of Level 30.”
Erin’s eyes went round, and she beheld a Skill from a class unlike even an [Innkeeper], much less a [Mage] or [Warrior]. The round piece of cheese covered in wax paper wasn’t huge, hardly a comical wheel, but it was actual, real cheese.
And it tasted sharp! Even a bit electric, but it was also sweet, and Erin knew this because the family cut it open and shared it around as Inkar told them about living among the Gnolls and an account of the Meeting of Tribes.
