9.10 W
Page 8
Of such things was a Hedag’s craft, and Laken would not stop her even if he could. Of the [Witches], she stood out for what she did. More than that, she had a title from the days of old. Hedag. A word like the woman herself. A force of nature walking as much as a woman. Like old law given form. Arms like a woodcutter’s, a smile, or so Laken had been told, as broad and unassuming as could be.
As terrible as the axe she carried, which Revi claimed had the red of rust or blood on it, but an edge as sharp as a razor. Revi described Hedag as best she could as they had breakfast.
“She’s got…well, if there were workwoman’s robes, that’s what they’d be. I don’t think it’s cotton. Some kind of sturdy, twill cotton? Maybe another fabric like that?”
“What, it’s not a robe?”
Laken had assumed all the [Witches] were walking around with what he took to be classic [Wizard] and [Mage] robes, long and flowing, long-sleeved, a tripping hazard. But Revi, much amused, corrected him.
“Nope. Hers is more like…a riding dress? Have you seen—uh, nevermind. She’s got long socks underneath and trousers under her dress. Good thing too—the dress isn’t that clean. But it’s got some pockets, and it’s…brown. Like her hat. Which is nothing special, by the way.”
“Really. No unique ornaments? No…”
Revi studied Hedag, and her voice, often snappish, judgemental being the default state, grew uncertain.
“Well, no. It’s just a hat. Much the same material. Old leather, maybe, cracked as can be. I think it’s dirty, but not filthy, if that makes sense. Just travel-worn. It looks like it’s been on her head forever. Nice brim—and old. So old. It’s got tons of patches, but…that’s a lot of lines. It almost looks like it’s a hundred years old. Older. I don’t know why. It’s just a hat—”
She laughed, uncertain.
“But it’s—it’s crooked, bent at the tip. It has all these creases, but I could imagine it’s been in the family ages. Passed on from mother to daughter or…”
Hedag to Hedag? Laken tried to imagine it. A hat as old as the name upon a smiling woman’s head. The hat would witness sins and pettiness, and yet for all it was bent and old—it was a proud hat.
For no evil it saw remained. The Hedag’s axe swung up and down, and the hat, stained perhaps, was the only memory left.
“Is there power in a [Witch]’s hat? Is it more than just a symbol, or are even the best hats—hats?”
The [Emperor] wondered aloud, and Hedag heard him. She strode over as Revi made an uncertain sound at this hat-voyeurism, but Hedag just laughed like booming trees.
“Laken, lad, you’re interested in hats? A fine thing for an [Emperor] to take interest in! More than a woman’s thighs or how gold shines! A hat is a hat. Some of us put things under them or make the hat well, but it’s no helmet a [Soldier] swears by.”
“But you can do magic with a hat?”
Hedag winked, and she lifted her hat up.
“Can a [Farmer] use an adze? Does a [Painter] benefit from a better brush? Of course a hat matters. If you go looking—would you like to know the [Witches] with the most interesting hats?”
“Of course. Would that be…Witch Eloise? Witch Mavika? Alevica, if she’s here?”
Hedag affirmed all the names, but added a few of her own.
“You might as well see Agratha’s, for contrast. Oliyaya…and Wiskeria. Though if you ‘see’ what she has, a blind man would see more than most.”
She laughed, then strode off. Revi glanced at Laken, and the [Emperor] tapped at his lips, much amused. He hadn’t missed the scorn in Hedag’s voice.
“It seems this hat-lesson will have more about [Witch] culture than I thought, Miss Revi.”
“Oh, goodie. Let’s go.’”
 
——
 
