9.10 W
Page 3
Well, Erin could probably find it. Lyonette did look slightly nervous as she turned to Ceria.
“Are you sure? House Byres is not that far from Riverfarm…”
“We’re lazy.”
The half-Elf gave Lyonette a smile and glanced at Pisces, who was looking nervous. Was he sorting through notecards? Erin’s eyes were fixed on him, but he glanced up and nodded. He had something to tell his friends.
“We shall do without. We have at least six fighters.”
Lyonette murmured. She gestured at Numbtongue, Typhenous, who was delighted at being able to return to Riverfarm with Erin, and the Thronebearers.
“Six? You mean eight.”
“No, I mean six. See? Unless Tkrn counts…? And Erin? Me? Oh, Garia.”
Lyonette tried to add up the numbers as someone interrupted her. But the Hobgoblin just pointed at her chest.
“One.”
Then she pointed at the grinning little Goblin dressed all in black, like an edgy shadow in a pitch black room lined with charcoal. With two shining red eyes peering out of charcoal eyeliner and dark lips, although it wasn’t really lipstick.
Gothica and Ulvama. Lyonette gazed at them.
“But you—I didn’t ask you two!”
“Okay.”
The [Shaman] gave Lyonette a blank look, then she fished a burrito out and sniffed it.
“Put beef in mine. Also, you forget scary stabby Drake.”
She glanced around, and Lyonette realized she had missed Tessa, as usual. She covered her face with her hands and screamed silently into it for five seconds.
Then she got back to work. Mrsha rushed down, beaming, with a little rucksack along with her bag of holding. She didn’t need it, but she wanted the look.
She was going on a vacation! Not an adventure. A proper vacation, and she would get to see [Witches] and meet an [Emperor] and add him to her collection of contacts, and Typhenous said that Riverfarm was fun, and, and—
It was fun. Erin beamed as Mrsha scribbled on a piece of parchment.
“You want to take Moore? Aw…sorry, Mrsha, he has to stay with his team. Plus, he said he visited Riverfarm briefly. But we’ll take him on the next vacation! We’ll go to tons of fun places, just like I promised. Like—a beach! That’s better than some village-place in a forest, anyways.”
“A beach?”
Mrsha gave Erin a dubious look. She had expressed the disillusionment she had with sand, but Erin’s smile grew wider. And if a [Witch] could have seen her then, through one of the windows, per se, what would she have seen?
A young woman gesturing excitedly as she stood up with magical food in her veins. Her inn replete with the most strange and outlandish of guests.
“A beach! We could go surfing, Mrsha. You’d love that. Surfing and swimming and—we’ll do it. First Riverfarm and Nanette and the Goblins—the next, beaches!”
“And the inn.”
“Right, right, and the inn.”
Erin turned guiltily to Lyonette, but she didn’t focus on that long. She stared ahead, if not always physically, then with eyes alight when she talked about the future, like the fire she had conjured. A strange [Witch].
But even she noticed something, at last, and turned to the window with a puzzled frown. She put a hand on her head—and then looked outside. Then Erin’s eyes widened, and Ulvama glanced over sharply and saw it too. She hissed—
And a raven cawed loudly. It beat its wings, and Erin blinked. Numbtongue glanced over casually.
“That’s one big raven. Bird didn’t shoot it?”
“That’s…no normal raven.”
Erin muttered after a second. She felt a tingle down her spine, and then it lit up her face, a bit worried, a bit nervous—but she waved at the raven. She should have tipped her hat, but she had none.
Then she threw up her hands in alarm and ran upstairs.
