9.10 W
Page 24
“We’ve gotta help.”
Lyonette spoke, as if trying to drip Apista’s honey into a jar of understanding.
“No, Erin. We don’t. You’re on vacation, and we’re days away. By the time we get back to Invrisil, all the evacuations and adventurers will already be on the way. Leave it.”
“But the monsters—”
Erin felt like she was being dragged back to Liscor, but Dame Ushar cleared her throat.
“My understanding is that the Five Families have long since been alerted to the issue. The local nobility and cities are mobilizing their militias. They’ll try to halt the horde at the first city they can, and if it can’t be stopped, House Veltras or another noble’s force will stop it.”
“If they head to Esthelm, Liscor’s army might sortie and hold the pass. Hells, they might let it go for Liscor and have the city use their wall spells.”
Tkrn offered. Erin looked around.
“But—what about Saliss? Or Chaldion?”
“Maybe they’ll do something. Send a [Message], Erin. But you aren’t doing anything.”
Lyonette folded her arms, and Numbtongue nodded.
“No craziness. Just do something here, and we keep going. Riverfarm is too far away, too.”
Erin cast around for support, but even Mrsha, Bane of Crelers, just sniffed and gazed at Erin with a vague sense of…expectation.
Were they going to do this? Turn around and race south to a battle they might be days late for? Erin…Erin…
What did you want us to do? So Erin Solstice took a breath and felt it in her veins. Like how she had felt when watching a tragedy on the news, far, far from where she was on Earth.
A vague sense of helpless unease.
It didn’t feel right. Not anymore. So she sat down, wrote [Message] spells as the carriages were loaded up, and ended up riding to Riverfarm on the third day, writing notes to friends and waiting for responses. She didn’t turn around to Invrisil. She had something else to do.
She was on vacation, and for once, The Wandering Inn would not march on the High Passes.
It wasn’t her fight.
 
——
 
The Horns of Hammerad were packing up while Ceria argued with Yvlon. She gave up in the end and sighed, but the inn was quieter than Ishkr expected.
He was almost as shocked as Erin when he got the [Message].
 
Ishkr. Stop. Will not be returning to the inn. Stop. Please tell any adventurers to take gear if needed. Stop. It’s their choice, stop. Hold down the fort. Stop.
 
“Stop?”
He held up the message and didn’t get the irony, but he understood the broad meaning. The humor…he wondered what her face had been like when she sent it.
A few Antinium, Menolit, a handful of regulars, and Relc stirred when Ishkr announced Erin wasn’t coming back. Ceria threw up her hands.
“See? Why are we joining the muster? Even Erin’s aware how far away it is.”
“Someone’s got to stop the monsters. Have you gone mad, Ceria?”
Yvlon glared at her, and the half-Elf scratched at her head.
“…No, but I’m aware of how many ‘thousands’ is. Fine, other teams are going. Let’s scope it out.”
And that was it. Ishkr saw a [Guardsman] get up and sigh in relief. Some of the Antinium looked around blankly, but only Relc sighed.
“Damn. No Solstice event? Come on! She’s losing her touch! Oh well, glad she’s safe.”
Ishkr got back to work. He didn’t believe Erin’s message. Oh, he believed she might not come back, but he was waiting. A few Antinium hires were on trainee duty, so he let them serve their counterparts, mostly the Antinium on break like Squad 5 had been or Pawn’s Painted Antinium.
