9.10 W
Page 11
The other [Witch] had pulled out a tool of her trade. Which was, apparently, a club. A most…[Witchy]…weapon? Agratha snapped back at Oliyaya.
“I’m not building up spells in my cane. You go too far with words and deed, Oliyaya.”
“A [Witch] goes farther by her nature. No pond exists that can contain us. Yet you draw lines in the muck and tell your apprentices it is a wall. You dance with words behind my ears, Agratha. I have heard you disparaging my craft.”
“I—may say things in private—”
“Words be weapons. I am not a [Witch] that lets any hurl them against me unopposed. Shall we show your apprentices what a battle between [Witches] looks like? It shall be instructive.”
Oh no. The rivalry between [Witches] was threatening to turn into a full-blown conflict. Today of all days? Laken stood up in alarm.
“Witch Agratha, Oliyaya! Desist!”
They heard him, and both turned his way. But Gamel and Revi were the only combatants here, and Laken feared a spark might set things off. Oliyaya’s two apprentices were facing off the twelve Agratha was teaching. Laken knew one was one of the ‘scary children’, apparently the survivor of a terrible fire, scarred with burns. The other, allegedly, never spoke, a huge problem for him to get to know her.
“Emperor Godart.”
Both [Witches] tipped their hats at once. Yet neither desisted.
“Would you not permit us to entertain the folk of this land with a bit of strife? No harm to anyone watching. Just [Witch] blood upon the ground.”
“And let one of you two injure the other? I think not.”
“Behind closed doors, then. At a later time. This is a deferred battle. You see, apprentices, many things are best settled away from the standing authority—”
Agratha kept up a low monologue, and Laken snapped.
“No one is battling anyone! I will know. If you have a conflict, settle it without violence. Settle it with…”
He hesitated, then, because he didn’t know what the proper solution was. But Laken Godart relaxed and turned his head, which confused Oliyaya and Agratha until they both turned and felt it.
A tickling on the back of their necks. A twist in their hats. What did they see?
A Wolverine pretending to be a badger? A lion who had taken its teeth out? No, that implied something else. They saw Wiskeria striding along, a hand on her hat to keep it on as she hurried to this altercation.
And Wiskeria spoke, answering the [Emperor]’s question.
“A competition, Your Majesty? Witch versus witch. Anything you please would suit. Be it baking or creating a potion, sewing or solving a problem.”
“Ah, a competition? Is that traditional?”
Wiskeria tipped her hat as the two [Witches] regarded her. She was a Silver-rank adventurer, but ironically, Wiskeria was less well-armed than the two bristling older [Witches]. She had a long dagger at her side, an adventurer’s belt, and a wand, but she did not seem as threatening as a witch carrying a three-foot-long club, carefully hollowed and then filled with lead and marked with a little witchy cat wearing a hat burnt into the wood. With an embroidered handle.
Or a [Witch] whose crooked cane seemed to smoke with dark ash near the tip, and whose magic charge was slowly blackening the bricks it was resting on with soot.
Yet Wiskeria defused the situation, somehow, with words as well as her presence. Agratha folded her arms, and Oliyaya made to spit again, much to everyone’s horror.
“A contest? What shall it be, then?”
