9.10 W
Page 13
“No aura? No patterns? No dirt?”
“…Nope. It’s a hat. She’s got spectacles. Decent work-boots.”
Laken was crestfallen. He had never imagined what Wiskeria wore, but to hear it was so…so…mundane? He was disappointed for a second. Then he had a thought.
“Then, how do the [Witches] treat her?”
Revi paused a moment, and the [Summoner] sounded a bit uncertain when she replied.
“Just—politely. She’s talking to Agratha—I don’t know if many of the [Witches] like Agratha. But she’s civil. Oh, and now she’s headed over to Oliyaya. That young [Witch] apprentice is creepy. She’s staring at us.”
“Be polite, please, Revi. I’m aware she has—scars.”
The [Summoner] shuddered.
“Scars? That’s one thing. But she’s staring at us.”
“So? She’s allowed to—”
“Her body is facing the other way.”
The [Emperor] hesitated. He twisted his neck about 90-degrees, but that was how far it went.
“What, all the way around?”
“Yep.”
“Ah. You may be creeped out, then. Is—is Oliyaya’s apprentice smiling?”
“What do you think?”
Still, there was something about Wiskeria that Laken noticed. And it was what Revi reported back to her.
“Oliyaya’s listening. Wiskeria is so business-like. Yep. Seems like she’s just lecturing or something. Can we go now or are we going to stare at Eloise and Mavika? I could tell you what Eloise has. Pressed tea leaves on her hat and lovely flowers embroidered in.”
“Thanks for ruining the surprise. Just tell me one thing. Do the [Witches]…like Wiskeria?”
Revi took a long time to answer that. She peered, frowning, standing on her tiptoes, and then replied in an odd voice.
“Now you mention it, neither one seems too keen to hang around Wiskeria long. The apprentices are staring at her. Even the creepy one. She doesn’t hang out with them much, not that I’ve seen. Why? Is that wrong? She’s mostly being your, uh, [General], Your Majesty.”
Revi might have remembered then that she was technically under his authority and he was an [Emperor]. But Laken only waited for Wiskeria to approach.
“Just part of the mystery. I suppose I’ll have to tackle it another way, Miss Cotton. You said her hat’s normal?”
“As boring as can be. Why? Did you expect something different?”
The [Emperor] smiled tightly as Revi shot him a glance.
“Yes and no. It’s more outstanding because it looks so boring. Did you know that her mother made it?”
“T-the Stitch Witch?”
Revi stuttered slightly. Laken Godart whispered.
“Yes. So what a normal, ordinary [Witch] her daughter is, eh?”
She was quite good at it. But Laken’s investigation into Wiskeria being Wiskeria was just a side-project of his. Something he wondered if she could even answer if he asked it to her face. He turned his head to the east on this day about hats.
Soon enough, he’d have far more to do. At last, she was coming. He wondered if she would bring a storm like Ryoka. After hearing tales of Erin Solstice, somehow, the [Emperor] expected nothing less.
 
——
 
Within the first day of setting out from Invrisil, everything went wrong. Like vacations did.
Erin didn’t get much of a chance to look around Invrisil. Lyonette was, stressfully, organizing the carriage-ride that would stop at two places she’d arranged for them to stay. Erin was busy defending the Goblins.
“They’re Goblins. There’re monsters! Someone call the Watch!”
“No, they’re not.”
“Wh—I can see them right there. I’m not having Goblins on my carriage!”
“But they’re not Goblins.”
“How are they not Goblins?”
