9.11 W
Page 27
Erin almost wanted to turn back, but she didn’t know if traffic jams were that interesting. So they began to cross the bridge to the fields as she spoke to Halrac.
“I need to talk to Nanette. And the [Witches] about…witch-y stuff. But, um, do the Goblins seem happy here, Halrac?”
“As happy as I’ve seen them. It was worse at first, but when we said we knew Pebblesnatch, it helped.”
Erin looked at Halrac and bit her tongue. She glanced around, frowning, then nodded.
“That’s good. I was worried that—well. If they’re—if they’re happy—I guess that’s that. But I just—do you hear that?”
She stopped, midway across the bridge, and did a slow rotation. Halrac halted as well, frowning, and Briganda cautioned Cade not to peer out over the bridge, although there was a railing. Erin’s head craned about, and she spoke.
“I hear someone crying. I hear…I’ve been hearing it off and on for a while.”
“Crying?”
Halrac had excellent ears, but he could hear nothing of the sort. Typhenous glanced at Erin sharply.
“I have heard nothing, Miss Solstice. Is it someone in danger?”
The [Witch] bit her lip.
“No. Nothing like that. It’s not pain…I think they’re just sad. He? It might be a he. But where…”
A raven, Mavika’s familiar, perched on a tree and watched Erin. The [Witches] of Riverfarm were interested in her, the girl who had been taught by a great coven yet had no hat or craft.
More than they were, and less. Yet she heard something, and so Erin turned her head to the forest and mountain beyond. To the Goblinlands, back to Riverfarm. She looked around and saw the raven and waved, then looked up to where a cloud, like a second unseen castle in the sky, floated above her. She frowned behind her and ahead.
And then she figured out where the old man was. Erin’s eyes went round.
“No way…”
She looked down at the bridge newly built below her feet. Or rather…what lay beneath it. The old man wept and ran across Riverfarm. He whispered to her as people took bits of his skin. Erin looked down and heard the river weeping. Her lips moved, and Halrac felt goosebumps ripple up his arms. A raven took wing, cawing as Erin whispered.
“An Elemental.”
 
——
 
In this day and age, there was only one Elemental that had a name.
Khoteizetrough of Gaarh Marsh. And it was dead. Even Khoteizetrough had not been a true Earth Elemental of the Swamps. The body of that great protector had already perished, and the Khoteizetrough of the modern day had been more, well, Swamp Elemental than Earth, a decomposed being who was still so mighty it made Gaarh Marsh a tribe beyond tribes.
Yet the age of Elementals was bygone. Like Truestone, they had faded from the earth. But unlike Treants or Dryads, they were not an entirely dead race.
It was just that any version around in the world today was different from their true nature.
Consider Maviola. Or Ceria Springwalker, or even the Warmage Thresk. Each one was capable of summoning an elemental. But that was much like conjuring the idea of something rather than the genuine article.
They could create beings of fire to fight their opponents temporarily, but there was no soul there. No consciousness. Real Elementals did not ‘run out of time’, and they had their own magic.
Real elementals were the foundation of great [Shamans] and magics. You could strike a pact with them. They were akin to Plain’s Eye’s manufactured Daemon. But there was one more thing.
“You have to summon an Elemental. You can’t just, like, make them appear. Not the real ones.”
“But what is an Elemental, then? I’ve fought Earth Golems. What’s the difference?”
