9.11 W
Page 14
The older [Witches] exchanged glances, and not even Hedag laughed. Mavika leaned forwards, and Erin leaned back from the hooked nose and expression.
“You were taught by the greatest [Witches] ever to walk this world. Will you share their craft?”
“Oh—sure. I mean, they didn’t teach me huge things. More like the basics and some tricks. But anything I can. Absolutely. I want to help people. That’s part of why I came here.”
The [Witches] looked at each other and muttered. Another difficult one. Oliyaya cackled and shook her head.
“I will not teach her! Nor will I be a good apprentice. She has no craft, either. So. Let us listen and speak and learn each other. Welcome, Witch.”
She tipped her hat to Erin, and this time, it was like one of the Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings, a genteel gesture from a stranger to a stranger. Erin smiled uncertainly and gave everyone a thumbs-up. Mavika stared at the thumb like she wanted to bite it off.
 
——
 
However, it wasn’t all like that. Erin was assigned a house, and her entire group got no less than six guest houses between them. They didn’t even end up using them all, but such was Laken’s attitude towards his guests from Liscor.
They were to be treated like Lord Gralton or Yitton Byres. Any amenities within reason should be given to them, and if they wanted for entertainment, they’d have it. Erin had no timetable for her vacation, nor anything but two vague goals of ‘Goblins’ and ‘Nanette’. She was, in many ways, an exceptionally inconvenient visitor.
The next day, Erin’s group split up. They had a fine breakfast delivered to them in their very comfortable houses, and it began to feel like a vacation in earnest. Even Mrsha began to be a bit less snuffly, and so everyone agreed to split up and try to enjoy their visit to the Unseen Empire.
Unlike yesterday, it wasn’t standing around awkwardly making conversations or delivering news. It was, disquietingly, unbelievably—
Sort of fun.
Think about it. Unlike Liscor, or even Pallass, this was a land where a Goblin could walk around and not alarm people. Even the Walled City of Invention was not as safe as Laken’s lands where he saw almost everything.
It meant little Gnolls could not cause trouble, even if they tried. There was no inn to run, and they were literally out of range of a magic door that could deliver trouble to them. Even the Mage’s Guild wasn’t strong enough for Erin to really send rapid-fire [Messages] back home to worry about the High Passes.
Riverfarm was an oasis, a remote part of Izril. As vacations went, it might not have pristine beaches or magnificent cliff faces or even much water aside from the river, but it was free. And lest anyone think it was some place with nothing to do—
The interesting things found the visitors. In the case of Ser Dalimont, a hand literally pulled him out of marching behind Lyonette. He turned, looked up into a face like stone, and Durene peered down at the Thronebearer.
“You’re a [Knight].”
“I am. Er, Lady Durene?”
The half-Troll girl’s face crinkled up in amusement.
“It’s just Durene. You’re those Thronebearers of Calanfer? Your armor’s wonderful.”
She wore none of the armor of yesterday, but she had a huge mace strapped to her back and a tower shield as well. She was far taller than Dalimont, but she didn’t loom—and there was something about her that was uncannily familiar to Dalimont.
The other three Thronebearers were far warier, although they were studiously polite, but Durene just nodded as she looked Dalimont up and down. She checked her simple tunic and leggings and then pointed to the south.
