9.11 W
Page 31
As requests went, it was terrible. But that was because Erin really didn’t want to ask. She felt like she knew the answer already, and she was about to sulk off when the [Emperor] replied.
“Yes.”
Erin’s bowed head came up suspiciously.
“Wh—really?”
Laken raised his brows.
“You want to summon an elemental of a river? As long as you think it’s safe and my subjects can stay back, absolutely, try. In what scenario would I not want to meet one?”
“Maybe a blood elemental or something like that. Uh—wow! Thanks, Laken! You’re cooler than I thought! I mean…that’s exactly what I meant.”
Erin gave him a thumbs-up, and the [Emperor] hesitated. He strolled after Erin as she ran back to Halrac, shouting.
“Halrac! I got permission! Let’s do this thing!”
“Was that a good idea, Rie? Thoughts?”
Laken whispered to the others. He felt rather like the ‘cool principal’ who okayed the students skateboarding down the hallways. And he had never even thought of himself as a principal. In some generic American school. With lots of lockers, allegedly, for shoving people into. That was how he pictured it.
“It seems incredible she could do that off-handed. From Nesor’s babbling, it seems impossible, Your Majesty. But it would be a useful lesson to learn even if it fails. Whether it is dangerous? I remind you of our Solstice party.”
Laken hesitated. It did seem impossible that the cheerful young woman could do that. But then…her aura was only middling, weaker than Rie’s had been when they first met. Perhaps because this wasn’t her inn?
Yet the stories about her—Laken murmured to Prost.
“Maybe move Riverfarm’s people back if they want to watch. The [Witches] are all over the riverbank.”
He decided to watch at a remove as Griffon Hunt, a few older [Witches], and Erin fussed around the riverbank. Erin didn’t seem to need much time for a ‘first try’. Laken told himself he wasn’t going to find the proverbial high-schooler with a broken neck in five minutes. There was no way she was as bad as Ryoka, right?
And when he thought that, the [Emperor] got really worried.
 
——
 
For a grand meeting, it was like…preparing for a guest. If you did it right, for someone like Khoteizetrough, or who he would be, you needed to honor them in a suitable way.
Set the table and prepare a feast. Sweep the floor, set a crackling fire ablaze. Clean the guest room, replace the sheets, and throw open the windows. Welcome them, these distant guests, with open arms and hope they would choose to live with you awhile. Some might stay and put their lives with yours or stay with your children’s children. Great protectors, beings of magic and wisdom.
Erin had no banquet adorned for this old man. She barely had a can of soup, and she was improvising a can opener with a stick and two rocks. Her ‘guest room’ was a pallet of straw, and she knew it.
Yet she was still inviting him. Not just because she wanted to meet him or desired his power, but because he was crying.
Weeping and begging to be let in. She had never heard of someone doing that. He knew she was there, and he wanted to meet her as much as she did him. So, though it was poor, Erin Solstice mixed up tea and gelatin powder and water and grimaced at the mess in the cauldrons. She lifted the ladle, and someone actually tried to taste it.
“Witch Oliyaya!”
Agratha was shocked, but Oliyaya cackled.
“It tastes as foul as tea and riverwater and mud might. But it’s closer to jelly than naught. Add some spit in for substance?”
“I think not. Although this is, ah, improvised? Will this do?”
