9.11 W
Page 0

Inkarr the Traveller was what Gnolls called her. She was, to ask the Longstalker’s Fang Tribe, a sociable, kind Human. Someone who got exasperated by their rolling ‘r’s in her name, a wonderful emissary for her people. Brave, fond of a silly [Guardsman]—and Lehra Ruinstrider’s paramour, among about a hundred others.
She didn’t…act like that since coming to Liscor. Tkrn had wondered if she was sick in their brief, private moments. Only then had Inkar told him she was fine.
“I am just being quiet. Because I am a guest of Liscor and this is new. And because of Erin.”
“Why? She likes you. She even puts up with me—and after what I did with Calruz and Mrsha…”
Tkrn looked guilty, confused, and he didn’t see. Inkar just looked thoughtfully into a hand-mirror as they readied themselves for the last day of travel to Riverfarm.
“She may like me. I like her, a bit. She’s very kind, and she cares for Goblins. And Gnolls. She promised she would give me something to help Eska.”
“And…?”
The [Worldly Traveller] looked up.
“I think she might. She scares me.”
“Who, Erin? She does weird things, and she’s chaotic, and Zevara hates her, but Erin? She’s so nice.”
Inkar looked at Tkrn seriously enough that he stopped eating cold jerky and glanced at her.
“She reminds me of Chieftain Xherw. But backwards. She broke a building by hammering a nail into it. She is friends with the Antinium who nearly conquered Liscor. Now, she is coming to meet an [Emperor] and maybe—maybe ‘set all his Goblins free.’”
Tkrn swallowed hard and wished he’d brought Relc along.
“S-she said that?”
The worst part was that neither one thought it was impossible, or at the very least, impossible for Erin to try. Inkar shook her head.
“Erin Solstice came back from the dead. She scares me.”
“She does like you.”
Tkrn pointed out. Inkar turned to Tkrn and patted him on the head, which became more affectionate as he craned his head left and right so she could scratch it.
“Yes. She does like me. Imagine…imagine a hill speaking one day and saying it liked you.”
“Ah.”
 
——
 
Today, no mountains trembled where Erin walked. People did cheer, but Inkar had seen the Meeting of Tribes, so it ‘only’ put Erin on the level of a famous adventurer or figure among Gnolls.
An [Emperor] greeted Erin, and Inkar smiled, touched, as Erin met Griffon Hunt and a little Goblin with a chef’s hat clung to her, sobbing, and the entire event turned into melancholic happiness. No, happiness colored by loss and regret and triumph, greater for it.
Like a beautiful flame, the likes of which Erin could conjure. A different kind of storm, passing over Riverfarm.
Not like the Wind Runner, who came in like a hurricane, building until she left amidst destruction and loss and great deeds.
Erin? She came in already burning, and it only grew hotter from there as more people met the flame. The [Emperor] was first.
Then came the Goblins, the [Witches]. Inkar saw it all and thought she was not wrong to try to get on Erin’s side, but stay away.
“Your Majesty, the Goblins have left the Goblinlands!”
Inkar’s head turned, and she saw Numbtongue straighten, eyes widening. Ulvama just counted, and Gothica spun around with a look of delight and relief.
For there came Goblins. Across Riverfarm’s tamed grounds, marching out of the wide forest and the mountain in the backdrop, past the double-layered walls, one slightly higher than the other.
Green folk. Some short like children, racing next to tall Hobs, round or lithe. But what struck Inkar was how they looked.
