9.11 W
Page 39
“Oh, how to be one. Then they probably expected you to make a bunch of mistakes. My mother was the other way. She taught me all the secrets and none of how to be. A [Witch] is a [Witch]. She coined that expression, you know.”
“Did she? Your mother’s really Belavierr? The Stitch Witch? The one that…?”
“Murdered Califor? Nearly killed that girl, Mrsha? Slaughtered Gnolls at the Meeting of Tribes? The Threadbreaker of Stitchfolk? The Witch of Webs, the Immortal Spider? The woman who’s stolen lives and sewn faces onto a thousand puppets and victims? Yes.”
Wiskeria’s face never changed. Erin’s mouth opened, and she gave Wiskeria much the same look others gave her.
“You’re so casual about it.”
Wiskeria shrugged.
“I’ve been used to it all my days. It was stranger for me to find out other people had a mother and father, or that they wept when they bled. I’m aware I’m not—normal. But please don’t tell anyone. I’ve done a good job of late, and I think they think I’m somewhat normal. For a [Witch].”
A surprisingly anxious look crossed her face, and Erin’s odd stare intensified. She had never met someone who wanted to be normal. Except maybe Ishkr.
“I promise. You do a good job. I barely noticed you until after I talked to Nanette. Oh no, she’ll never want to come with me now. I’ve screwed things up. Briganda hates me, and I messed up Laken’s village and…”
“And the Witches are going to try to apprentice you off, now. Just you wait.”
Wiskeria patted Erin on the head. When the [Innkeeper] gave her a strange look, Wiskeria tried the shoulder and then the back. Erin laughed.
“You’re like Bird.”
“Who? Do you mean a bird, in general, or is that a name?”
“A name. Don’t worry! You pat me on the shoulder, I think. Back is if I’m crying.”
“Really? When do I pat you on the head? If you’re a child?”
Erin frowned.
“Yeah—or if we were, like, super close or something. Or if you want to treat me like a kid. Um. You can stop patting me, now.”
Wiskeria stopped. Erin looked at her, and Wiskeria felt a shiver of delight. Because if Erin had failed with the old man, once she saw Wiskeria, the [Witch of Law] understood how an [Innkeeper] could be a [Witch].
“You have good eyes for people. No wonder Califor made you her apprentice. She had good eyes, too.”
Erin ducked her head.
“I dunno, I think I was the only one she got. Um. Wiskeria, right? What did you mean when you said they’d make me their apprentice? That’s not the plan, at all.”
Wiskeria snorted.
“I know, but that’s what you think. What they think is that now you’ve been humbled, they can get one of them to teach you. And learn from you. A good [Witch] learns from their apprentice. How likely is that?”
Erin made a face, and Wiskeria studied it.
“Is that a no?”
“No! I don’t want to—I like them, sort of, but I don’t think I want to be an apprentice. How many good ones are there?”
“Er, the ones who you saw? Eloise, Hedag, Mavika, Oliyaya, Agratha. There are a few others, but those are the ones who were here the longest.”
Erin’s expression of sucking sour lemons intensified.
“I don’t want any of them to teach me. Eloise is the coolest of the lot, but she’s like Lyonette. Is Oliyaya the one with the…cackle?”
“Mhm. Agratha is the one who tries to make people smile even if they don’t want to.”
“Tries to…oh! That’s a wonderful description! I don’t want any of them to teach me, thanks. No sir. No way.”
Erin shook her head adamantly, and Wiskeria nodded.
“I suppose, then, that you’ll have to teach yourself. Just don’t try to summon anyone else you meet. Not without doing your research.”
