9.11 W
Page 28
Erin bit her lip. Briganda was bouncing Cade on her knee as he played with the Box of Wonders. Erin was pacing back and forth in front of the riverbank, trying to explain what had her so excited.
“Think of it like this. Earth Golems are like…magical pieces of mud. Like how Snow Golems form. But they are the material. If you get rid of the magic mud, the Earth Golem dies, right?”
“Right.”
It was standard-practice to aim for a Golem’s Heart. Whether that was an artificial one or a natural one, like how Snow Golems had magical ice in their heads. Earth Golems had a ‘stomach’ of potent, smelly mud. Or sometimes a magical gemstone. They were like slimes, really.
However—Erin lifted a finger.
“Elementals aren’t that. They’re an idea. This guy’s a river. The way it works is that you have to bind his essence to a mortal vessel. Like how Khoteizetrough was the Elemental of the swamp; he was the swamp. Because it was so old and powerful it developed a personality.”
The Gold-rank adventurers exchanged a look. This seemed more like stories than reality.
“How do you beat one, then?”
Erin shrugged.
“It’s hard. Air Elementals are all air. They’re like the top-level version of their kind. You can kill them like poor Khoteizetrough…but this old guy hasn’t been summoned. I don’t think even the other [Witches] could hear him. He wants someone to talk to him!”
She glanced at the river, and Revi, who’d come back with Gothica, frowned at Erin.
“How can you hear him, then? What makes you so special?”
Erin shrugged. She rubbed at her ear and winced.
“I had a good teacher. Anyone can learn to listen. Or see. It’s just a matter of perspective. But, uh, it’s like having a moment of inspiration or grace. You have to flip a switch, and then you can do it whenever, but it took me ages to figure it out. And I had the best teachers in ever.”
By now, she had an audience larger than even Griffon Hunt. Mavika perched on a branch, listening to Erin speak. She gave Erin an appraising look.
“That is more of a [Witch] than you were before. Even I heard this ‘old man’ not. But then, I am of the air and sky.”
Erin nodded rapidly.
“Yeah, you’re specialized, Mavika. It might actually be hardest for you to hear water even if you wanted to.”
“Indeed.”
Mavika dipped her head to Erin, although whether it was for Erin helping her to save face or simple acknowledgement, it was hard to tell. Yet Erin was glancing around.
“Darn! Where is Inkar? I just had an amazing idea. What if…what if I summoned this guy? Maybe he won’t want to, but I think he does if he’s talking to me. And then—”
“You cannot just take an elemental from Riverfarm! Isn’t that stealing, Erin?”
Revi was horrified, but Erin waved her hands.
“No, no, no! It wouldn’t be stealing!”
“Oh, good. For a second there, I thought you wanted to conjure an Elemental and bring it to the Gnoll Plains. Because Laken is not gonna like that.”
Revi sighed in relief. Erin hesitated.
“W-well, it’s not stealing because the Elemental would have his own will. I’d just ask if he wanted to protect a tribe. They love stuff like that, you know.”
Griffon Hunt exchanged worried glances. They were aware of their position as hired help for Riverfarm, and they had a pretty good idea of how Laken would treat them losing a magical being. On the other hand…Typhenous shot a quick [Message] to Nesor.
“It wouldn’t hurt to see if this Elemental exists either way, would it?”
He glanced around too-casually, and Halrac frowned, but Erin beamed at him.
