9.11 W
Page 42
She stood up, and Erin trailed after Wiskeria, wondering if this would be fun or a good idea, but feeling better because she’d found a teacher even more unique than she was. And, well, Wiskeria walked with a curious feeling. It was no pricking in her thumbs, just the odd sensation of responsibility, of trying to teach a younger Wiskeria how not to be quite so badly her.
 
——
 
“So it seems Erin Solstice is going to be staying here a while longer. Well…as first day events go, no one is dead. I cannot quite believe that is where we are setting the bar, but at least we have that.”
Laken Godart swilled some liquid around in a cup and felt it moving. It was fairly odorless, and so he indulged himself in sensation before he took a sip and felt the sting. He coughed.
“Damn me. This is fiery. Do Drakes really enjoy this?”
He heard a surprised laugh, and then the other person sitting in one of the grand chairs next to the fire in Laken’s mansion-home in Riverfarm spoke.
“All the time. Pain is how they enjoy anything. How do you know our language?”
Numbtongue saw the [Emperor]’s face wrinkle up. Laken spoke after a few seconds.
“I got something like ‘pain’, and I’m sure there was a question in that. What did you ask?”
“How do you know our language?”
The Hobgoblin sat with Laken Godart late at night after all the fuss had died down. They were both aware Gamel was sitting in another room; Durene hadn’t come back yet, but the [Knight] was not-eavesdropping, but there for Laken’s safety.
Nevertheless, the [Emperor] had insisted upon meeting Numbtongue, and the [Bard] had shown up as if he’d read Laken’s mind.
After all, they had a history. They had only met once, but Laken felt such a strong connection, he wished he could see Numbtongue. This was the Goblin he had found after the Siege of Liscor. Per his request, Numbtongue had let Laken feel at his face. In return, the Hob had anything he’d asked for, but he’d brought his own drinks.
The [Emperor] kept coughing into one hand politely, then rattled off a bit of French.
“I’m multilingual, you know. I don’t have a gift, but as you must surely know—my world has more than one language. I thought that I could learn your people’s language, and Pebblesnatch has taught me.”
“Hm. Weird. You are a weird [Emperor].”
Laken raised his brows.
“How many have you met?”
The [Bard] just laughed heartily. He took a long drink from his cup, then tried Riverfarm’s new grape wine. It evidently pleased him, and there was a bevy of snacks. After a while, Laken broke the silence.
“How do you enjoy Riverfarm, Numbtongue?”
The [Bard] responded quietly.
“Lots of little lambs. They have cunning eyes.”
“You noticed that?”
“Hrm. They remind me of Mrsha.”
“Egh. I’m just imagining if the Sariants could talk. But the Goblinlands is what I meant.”
“I know.”
Numbtongue didn’t reply for a while, and Laken waited, feeling more nervous of the Hobgoblin’s judgment than Erin or Ryoka’s. When Numbtongue replied, it was simply.
“There is a Watch Captain in Liscor named Zevara. She does not like me. I think she understands I am me, and because of her, I can enter Liscor and am not killed. But she always puts [Guards] on me, for my protection, and if there were many Goblins, I think she would be wary of me. I do not hate her. Erin gets mad, but if I were her, and I knew Redfangs, I would try to wipe out my tribe.”
“Why?”
Numbtongue’s grin was on his teeth, in his voice, even unseen.
