9.11 W
Page 17
So the Goblins sat and laughed, and Pebblesnatch raced over to sit and listen—until her bread began to burn. And Ulvama watched as the Cave Goblin raced around, shrieking, and looked at peaceful Riverfarm.
“Is good. Is happy.”
She muttered to herself as Numbtongue strummed. Ulvama searched for the…the unease she had felt when she left. She didn’t sense it as strongly. But that just made her more worried.
If it was gone…why? She hobbled around, sniffing the air, and knew she would not stay. But for a little bit—she leaned over Pebblesnatch’s outdoor kitchen and patted the little Cave Goblin on the head until Pebblesnatch leaned against her. Then Ulvama stole half of Pebblesnatch’s bread because she was hungry.
It turned out Pebblesnatch had levelled up. It was halfway decent damn bread.
 
——
 
It was amazing how many connections there were between Riverfarm and Liscor. Then again, Ryoka had been to both.
Garia Strongheart did not go with Numbtongue to the Goblinlands. She’d thought about it, but she had to admit, she wasn’t that at home with so many Goblins. Numbtongue? Obviously, but Riverfarm interested her enough as a [Farmer]’s daughter.
“So you’re growing cotton, now? I hear it’s a pain to pick.”
“His Majesty’s got us to work on a way to pick it fast. Miss Griffin had some kind of tool—but it’s important to have cotton. Everything needs it, but yes, we’ll spin off a huge area for farming the stuff.”
“Are you irrigating or just relying on Skills?”
Mister Prost had introduced Garia to Farmer Ram when he’d heard Garia came from the semi-famous Strongheart farm. Now, the man was showing her around.
There was a bit of, oh, competitiveness. A kind of friendly rivalry between mundane and magical farmers. Ram laughed as he pointed out the many [Farmers] working the fields.
“Don’t need no fancy magic, Runner Garia! We’ve got nigh on at least thirty farmers pushing up around Level 30, and we can combine our Skills. Frankly, we’ve got more farmers than farmland at the moment, but we’re sowing new fields every day. How much, er, Sage’s Grass does your farm produce?”
Garia grinned as he shot her a competitive glance.
“More than all of Riverfarm will. If you want to see a plague of gnats eating your Sage’s Grass, be my guest. Or a hundred moles going after a single field of thirty plants?”
“Dead gods.”
The man shuddered, and Garia laughed.
“My dad’s careful about how much magic we have. He has nullifiers so animals can’t detect it, and he harvests them before they get big. But he has other plants! I heard you have pumpkins for the fall? Ever seen an invisible pumpkin?”
“No, I’ve never seen—hah!”
Ram laughed and elbowed her, and Garia giggled.
“I’ll get you some seeds. My dad’s also got some sour fruits that spit liquid.”
“Well, in that case, we’ll get him some of our seeds, how about that? We’re buying some of the best plants, but we’ve got some lovely carrot seeds—let me get you a packet.”
It was all quite fun, and Garia did like touring Riverfarm. It would have been even more fun if it weren’t for the loud, slightly braying harumph from the side. Garia turned her head, and Ram looked sideways.
“…Something wrong, Miss Charlay?”
“Oh, nothing. I was just thinking back to when me and Ryoka were here. That’s how I met her, did I ever say? Riverfarm. Charlay and Ryoka. I’m amazed it’s not part of her story. I mean, it’s practically how she mastered wind magic and became the Wind Runner. Have you, er, heard from her recently, Garia?”
