9.11 W
Page 21
For now, Rie was the perfect administrator of Riverfarm’s diplomatic arm. And to her employers, she was the plant in the Unseen Empire, a useful tool.
Unbeknownst to them, Rie could ignore their orders, but she played along. A weapon to combat the Circle from the inside.
Not that Laken wanted to go up against what was apparently an entirely shadowy cabal, so Rie just delivered her report quietly.
“They are asking me to look into House Veltras via any means possible, Your Majesty. I told them I have few avenues, but they asked me to copy any correspondence between you and Lord Tyrion.”
“I see. Ryoka must truly worry them. Well, anything about Erin?”
“Only demand for anything about her <Quests> or plans.”
“I see. Well, keep scrying orbs away from Erin. In case she has—what did that Lyonette call them? ‘Solstice events’? How amazing. If something becomes public knowledge, you’ll have to inform them, but otherwise, she is a pleasant guest only interested in Goblins.”
“Absolutely, sire.”
He could tell Rie was smiling. The benefit of having someone altered in that—ritual—was that her new bosses believed she was incapable of being a traitor. Which, to be fair, without Tamaroth’s help, would have been the case.
She had never spoken of it, except to say it was the most unpleasant experience of her life, and also altering. Laken had begun letting Durene go on her self-imposed challenges when Rie had come back.
He needed warriors on par with Griffon Hunt. Spies, capable agents as well. That was his next goal. But the [Emperor] was taking his leisure as Rie departed, and he sat in his home, resting in a wonderful reclining chair that had just been engineered by Gamel’s fiancée, Tessia. Forget trebuchets…this was the real achievement of engineering.
Then Laken sat up slightly.
“What the—”
An intruder had entered his home. Gamel had spotted the assailant, but Laken held up a hand. Someone had come to meet the [Emperor] in private. After all, it was only appropriate they should meet.
Your Majesty. I am a correspondent of [Kings]. They know me from Chandrar to Baleros. Forsooth, it is I! Let us talk as equals!
Mrsha the Great and Terrible held up a card. Laken Godart sat up slightly as the little Gnoll girl, who he had been told had white fur which made her a Doombearer, stood in front of him.
He thought she was holding something up.
“Er…is it Mrsha? Do you have something you want to say to me, Miss Mrsha?”
The little Gnoll girl faltered. She stared at her note—then Laken’s closed eyes. Then she realized he was blind.
She’d known that—but he’d moved around so easily she had forgotten blind meant you couldn’t read. Unless it was braille. And she couldn’t speak.
Oh no. Mrsha tapped her speaking stone, and a bright voice chirped.
“Hi, I’m Mrsha!”
“Uh. Hello?”
“Hi! Read my note, stupid!”
Laken Godart felt Gamel shifting as Mrsha realized that Gire’s pre-recorded lines could be more…tactful. He turned his head.
“Ah, Gamel? Please read the note?”
He sat there as Mrsha’s eloquent speech was read out loud by Gamel. The girl was fidgeting, and when Gamel read her statements, Laken…twitched.
What an annoying kid. He smiled politely at Mrsha.
“I’m afraid I am resting, Miss Mrsha. It was lovely to meet you, but I am an [Emperor].”
Mrsha scribbled, and he had to wait for her to pass a note to Gamel.
But I’m Mrsha! I know Fetohep of Khelt! And the Titan of Baleros! Let’s talk about important things! I’m a Doombearer, you know. Plus, I’m cute.
