9.11 W
Page 12
Erin licked her lips nervously and fidgeted as Nanette took her time responding. She looked nothing like the aura she had or the feeling in the air. Just a plain [Innkeeper] who would fit an apron, maybe making eggs in a frying pan or chatting with her guests.
Until those hazel eyes shone, until she stood in the center of an event like a stone with the waters rushing around her, influencing it all. Wiskeria did not like Erin. But she listened for the same reason Nanette looked up and made her dry throat, unused to speech, work.
“I’m Nanette. You have no hat.”
Erin put a hand to her head and tried to chuckle.
“I…haven’t found one I like yet. Sorry. I know it’s a witchy thing to do. But I’m new. I was just taught, when I was dead. I had—the greatest of teachers.”
“You were dead?”
Erin waved it off with one hand. Her eyes never left Nanette’s face.
“Someone shot me with crossbows. I got better. It’s a long story, but—Nanette. Nanette Weishart, I don’t know quite how to say this. Please, believe me. I was dead for a while, and I walked the lands of the dead. I had an adventure. A terrible, grand…sad adventure.”
Erin’s eyes became distant, and some of the people behind her shivered or looked at her, half-believing. But the [Witches] just stared at Erin in wonder.
Not even Belavierr walked with ghosts in this era. Yet Nanette’s hand had suddenly tightened on the brim of her hat. Erin breathed the next words.
“I only survived because I had a guide. I met a great [Witch] who saved my life—my soul—and taught me many things. She convened the last, greatest coven of dead [Witches]. And she made me promise that if I lived, I would find her daughter. Her name was Califor, and I have come to Riverfarm to make good on my promise. She asked me to find you, Nanette. And—and if you wanted, make sure you grew up safely, grew up as well as I could. I know this is a lot to take in—”
Erin was speaking faster and faster, like someone who was spinning the most incredible of tales and trying to reach the end before it all fell apart, a fantasy. And she was trying very hard not to tear up.
Yet Nanette just listened, listened and fixed her eyes on Erin. Not in disbelief, nor outrage. Nor even much sadness.
Her hat was too full. Wiskeria watched Nanette as carefully as Erin. The girl who had walked among the dead still smelled of the grave. There were flashes of light around her, like Dragonfire, and if Wiskeria listened hard, she thought she could hear someone blowing a horn.
She was so much like Belavierr that Wiskeria felt an itching in her back. Like Belavierr…but there was no grandness at times. She had no hat, no formality.
If it had been Belavierr, she would have walked into Riverfarm with a storm at her back. She would have walked straight to Nanette, ignoring the [Emperor], and spoken her promise before all and only one.
Wiskeria wondered which would have been more appropriate here. Neither, most likely. For Nanette listened to Erin until the [Innkeeper] trailed off, waiting anxiously for the girl to say something. When Nanette raised her heavy head, the girl looked at Erin with her brown locks curling around a face lost and blank.
“Okay.”
That was all Nanette said. Erin blinked. The [Princess] stirred and looked like she almost wanted to embrace the girl, but she held still. Erin half-turned, then focused on Nanette.
“Does…does that mean you want to come with me? It’s your choice, Nanette.”
The young [Witch] spoke almost instantly, her voice distant.
“If that’s what my mother said, I’ll go. You met Califor?”
“Y-yes.”
“Is she still there?”
