9.11 W
Page 15
“…Laken told me an undead horde popped out of some old cemetery. There’s about one to two hundred coming north, and I’m going to fight them before they get near a village. Let’s go together.”
“Wh—an undead horde?”
Lyonette turned, but Durene hastily raised her hands.
“Shh! Laken said to keep it quiet. It’s a tiny one, and it’s thirty miles away. I’ll deal with it myself. You should come with me, though.”
“Us? Fight a hundred undead? What kind? Zombies? Skeletons?”
“Some Ghouls. Maybe more. I’m not taking my armor. You should take off yours.”
The Thronebearers of Calanfer stared up at Durene, and then Dalimont realized why she felt so…familiar. He had read a briefing report on her, and he knew the half-Troll girl’s unusual class.
[Paladin]. She stood before the [Knights], unarmored save for her skin and the shield and mace she carried. Durene flexed one arm and looked at them challengingly.
“Why not? Riverfarm’s peaceful. If we don’t take risks—how do we improve? Are you [Knights] or not? I’m a [Paladin] by the way. Sorry—um, Your Majesty? I didn’t mean to steal your bodyguard.”
“None taken, Lady Durene.”
Lyonette breathed faintly. She was definitely unused to meeting the consort of an [Emperor] who was both Durene and Durene. The Thronebearers were formulating a polite refusal when Dalimont removed his helmet.
“…It would be my pleasure, Paladin Durene. Give me five minutes to remove my armor. Princess Marquin, by your leave, I would like to request permission to accompany Paladin Durene on her mission.”
Lyonette turned, and Ser Sest gave Dalimont a look as if he were insane. But Dalimont looked up at Durene, and his past in Noelictus lay before him.
“It would be my honor. I have known one [Paladin] before you, Dame Durene. To fight by one’s side again is a privilege.”
Durene’s eyes widened and then crinkled up again with delight. Lyonette looked at Dalimont and made a vague shooing gesture.
“Er—very well. Riverfarm is safe. Why not?”
Of course, no Thronebearer would let Lyonette go completely unguarded, so Ser Lormel got to stay behind, but that was how three Thronebearers, divested of their armor, began jogging after Durene as she loped into the distance. Ser Sest loudly panted after Durene.
“I say, did you, uh, say thirty miles, Dame Durene? How shall we get there?”
“Run? We’ll get there by nightfall.”
“I see, I see—wait, what?”
However, then he just ran after Durene, who kept her head held high and smiled as she ran. She was changing too; this was not the first time she had gone, alone, to fight monsters.
 
——
 
Mind you, if Durene had wanted proper companions for a fight, she could have recruited far more than just the Thronebearers, but she still did not like Goblins.
And since Pyrite’s ghost had warned Numbtongue that the Troll girl was somewhat ornery and had a swing that could take his head off, the [Bard] decided not to run thirty miles and fight a few hundred undead. As fun as that sounded.
He was doing a [Bard] thing. Numbtongue had slept in a house the first night, but he decided he might spend the rest of the time in Riverfarm in the Goblinlands. He had seen the two walls that protected the Goblins from the Humans and vice-versa, and now he sat in their, well, village.
Not a town. They were behind the Humans in numbers and buildings, but they had homes. In fact, they had a well. They had a mine, and, as Numbtongue tuned his guitar, he watched some industrious Goblins hefting pickaxes, buckets, and even pushing a cart and going into the mines.
“You mine and sell with the Humans?”
