9.11 W
Page 18
Garia, the [Martial Artist] City Runner, eyed Charlay. The Centauress was a somewhat familiar face in Riverfarm. Not only was she an esteemed guest, she often ran the region for work.
“I…haven’t.”
“Really? She disembarked from First Landing, you know.”
“I know. It was on the scrying orb.”
“Yes, well, I know because I’m her friend. And I got a letter from her. She writes, now and then. How…many letters do you get?”
The Centauress was getting on Garia’s nerves. But Garia smiled politely. She knew what Charlay was doing. It wasn’t a competition. Mostly because Garia had known Ryoka far longer than Charlay.
“I don’t get many letters.”
“Oh, too bad!”
“I’ll catch up with Ryoka when she visits Celum or Invrisil or Liscor. We always meet, so I don’t need to stay in touch that way.”
Mister Ram saw Charlay nearly miss a step and decided to move to the other side, out of range of a flying hoof or a punch, per se. Charlay harrumphed as the Witch Runner, Alevica, rolled her eyes. All Alevica wanted to do was size up the competition. Garia…Alevica nodded to herself.
Seems like someone not to hex. Charlay snapped back, coming out with it directly.
“Well, I’m Ryoka’s best friend, just so you know! She and I are both foreigners. We have a connection.”
“I’m not saying you two aren’t friends! What’s wrong with you?”
“I’m her best friend. Best. Friend.”
“You’ve only known her for a few months! I knew her when she first came to Celum!”
“Yeah, and she left Celum. She told me all about how bad your Runner’s Guild was. Persua. I bet you’re one of her people.”
“Persua? You take that back.”
Garia’s fists balled up, but Charlay just danced around her, kicking up some dirt.
“Prove you know Ryoka better than I do. Tell me her favorite food! Or—how many adventures have you been on with her? Or—”
“What’s her middle name?”
Charlay paused, mid-taunt, and Garia turned. Mister Ram eyed Alevica, and the Witch Runner smiled nastily.
“Er, what, Alevica?”
Charlay coughed, and Alevica grinned.
“What’s her middle name? Surely her best friends would know it.”
Ryoka Dawning Griffin’s best friends exchanged a look. Charlay harrumphed, but her tail swished uncertainly.
“I—of course I know it. I have it written down. In my diary. But who remembers middle names? Just give me one second—”
“Me too. I’ll just—”
They both began to walk, then run, then sprint back to Riverfarm. Then they began shoving each other—right until Charlay kicked dust into Garia’s face. An outraged [Martial Artist] launched a flying kick at the screaming Centauress, but they split up. Charlay wrote frantically as Garia found her [Message] scroll.
 
Fierre! It’s me, Charlay! I need you to tell me Ryoka’s middle name!
Hey Fierre, it’s Garia. Just checking in. Do you know what Ryoka’s middle name is…?
 
Meanwhile, Alevica smugly watched them race into the distance, then race back. She licked one finger, held it up, then began gathering all the animosity up into her hat.
Mister Ram watched the Witch Runner and shook his head. That Alevica was a piece of work.
 
——
 
Other meetings were far less…unpleasant. For instance, while Charlay and Garia were entering into a real feud, egged on by Alevica, someone else was meeting another famous [Witch] of Riverfarm.
Namely, Lyonette and Witch Eloise. They had tea in Eloise’s home, which was already being transformed from the generic house into, well…
A sanctum of tea. Eloise had tea leaves hanging up, at least eight different styles of tea kettle, and she made bags of tea leaves as well as grew small pots of exotic varieties.
