9.11 W
Page 41
“This sucks. I’ve fallen into my old ways. I should have listened. I should have been polite, but it’s hard. I should have a stupid…hat. But I don’t like being bullied, and I don’t wanna apprentice myself to them.”
“Mm. And the old man’s gotten a taste for power. He’ll be back.”
Erin gave Wiskeria such a woebegone look that Wiskeria felt more sympathy for her. She patted Erin on the head, and the [Innkeeper] sniffled into her towel.
“What’s so bad about being a [Witch of Law], Wiskeria? You sound like you’re not a proper witch. Are you happy, working with Laken? What happened between you and your mother?”
That was a long story, so Wiskeria told some of it to Erin. But as for the rest—she shrugged.
“I like Laken. He’s definitely fated, like you and Inkar. Or if not fated, something’s on his side. He’s an [Emperor] in Izril. He doesn’t fit. I like Riverfarm because it’s no old power like the Five Families. I like it because it welcomes me, as odd as I am. I’m fine with being a poor [Witch]. As I said, it would be too easy to become a grand, bland one.”
Erin gave Wiskeria the side-eye, and then a smile spread across her face.
“You know what, Wiskeria? I just had a brilliant idea. I don’t really want to have a teacher, but while I’m here—you should teach me!”
“Me?”
Wiskeria blinked. She had not an ounce of power under her hat, but Erin nodded excitedly.
“Yes! You’ve seen how my style of witchcraft goes bad. You know more than most witches, and you’re nice, unlike the others. Teach me witchcraft for a bit? Please? And help me get to Nanette.”
Thoughtfully, Wiskeria took off her hat and studied it. She glanced at Erin and saw the [Innkeeper]’s pleading expression.
“You and I are not alike at all. I think our crafts might end up opposed. I don’t like you that much, and you seem like you’d be a poor student. Are you sure?”
Erin sucked in her breath.
“You could, uh, use more tact.”
“Again, I learned tact, but I don’t need to employ it. We’re [Witches]. If you want me to teach you a bit, I will. But only if you learn.”
The [Innkeeper] chewed on her lip, but then she nodded slowly.
“I have to. I must. Even if the other [Witches] are right about that, though—I am not like them. I am an [Innkeeper] and a [Witch], and I’ll be a weird one no matter what happens. I want to choose my teacher, so I choose you, Wiskeria!”
She laughed and smiled, and Wiskeria considered the offer. She looked up at the ceiling, tried to divine the future with commonsense and foresight, and then thought of her own regrets and her mother’s lessons. At last, she nodded.
“Very well. In that case, I will teach you as long as you stay. But you’ll follow my orders and do as I say. No arguments. Questions, but you have to try to learn, agreed?”
“Agreed! What’s my first step?”
Erin shot up as if she had gotten her second wind. Wiskeria thoughtfully looked out the window.
“To begin with, we’ll go back and apologize to Briganda fully once more. Then you and I will help repair the bridge or clean up. After that, we’ll tell Laken to watch the old man and tell the [Witches] I’m teaching you and that you’ll enter the hat competition. Then, I have to walk back to Tessia’s, so we’ll do that and talk.”
Erin’s face fell. She raised a hand, and Wiskeria stared at it until Erin spoke.
“This isn’t an objection! But, uh, that all doesn’t sound very witchy.”
And to that, Wiskeria sighed and put her hat on her head.
“Your first lesson, Erin, is that a [Witch] is always a [Witch]. Once you see the magic in everything, you can do something properly. Let’s go.”
