9.11 W
Page 16
He looked disbelievingly at one of the former Goldstone Goblins who led the mining crews. The Goblin picked at his teeth.
“Is good work. Humans want iron. They give us things. Pillows, gold, food—what, you not work?”
“…I’m a [Bard]. I live in the inn. With Erin?”
Numbtongue reminded the Goblin. This one had never been to The Wandering Inn, so he gave Numbtongue a toothy grin.
“Oh! So you don’t work. Is good for some.”
Numbtongue had forgotten quite how savage Goblins were. Verbally, at least. He looked around and saw most of the Goblins did actually have something to do. Even if they weren’t mining, there were all the tasks of a settlement to perform: cooking, like Pebblesnatch making pumpernickel bread, building a new home, but often, the Goblins performed jobs for a trading colony, which is what they were.
They didn’t have to have [Seamstresses] or [Tailors] because they could trade for clothing. Rather, you had Hobs like Raidpear who trained—and helped by making hide armor out of animals being hunted. Or, like Leafarmor, made armor. Out of leaves.
It was, to look at the Goblins, the most relaxed, idyllic lifestyle imaginable. And that begged the question—why had Ulvama left?
She was with Numbtongue, or at least, in the Goblinlands. She was wandering about, inspecting buildings, poking Goblins, but most answered curtly and shooed her off, and even when the [Shaman] tried to boss them or jab them with her staff, they ignored her.
“Hm. Ulvama was here? What was she like?”
Numbtongue directed his question to Leafarmor, since the other [Mining Foreman] had to get to work. The Hob grunted a reply at her Redfang brother.
“Bossy. Power grab. Keep Goblins alive, though. Wanted all leave. Didn’t like [Emperor].”
“Makes sense.”
Leafarmor gave Numbtongue a speculative look, then shrugged.
“He not worst one. Ulvama helped. Many Goblins not-dead. But…”
She waved a hand at Ulvama and grimaced, which said it all with the way that Leafarmor slapped a leaf onto her newest piece of equipment. Necessary, but not fun.
That was the Ulvama experience. She had helped hold the Goblins together…but none had followed her, not even Pebblesnatch. She stood alone in the Goblinlands, looking the most disconsolate that Numbtongue had ever seen.
He felt bad for her, a bit. She wasn’t evil, just Ulvama. The very qualities that made her dislikable at times were put in the service of Goblins. In fact…Numbtongue began to strum on his guitar, and Leafarmor’s ears perked up.
“She isn’t that bad. Ulvama came to The Wandering Inn, but did you know what she did next? Hey, Goblins. Come over here!”
He waved some over, and a [Rotter], Holdnose, dragged his pot over and was instantly shooed away at the noxious smell. But more Goblins listened or drifted over, and Numbtongue relocated so his voice could reach the mines. Thoughtfully, he began to play and felt an approving smile on his back.
Pyrite sat and watched his tribe working. Numbtongue swore he would introduce Pyrite for a minute, but first, the [Bard] did what a [Bard] should.
He told them stories. With a laugh, Numbtongue found the first one to tell.
“Ulvama fought the Witch of Webs, did you know? She went all the way to the Gnoll Plains for a silly little girl and joined a Fellowship of the Inn! Have you ever heard of the legendary, the unforgettable [Goblinfriend Bug-Captain]? Sit around, I will tell you her name!”
