9.11 W
Page 30
She went striding back, away from Tessia, and tried to gauge how far she was from wherever it was happening. The [Engineers] had been given a site six miles away from Riverfarm proper. They had moved when people complained of the loud thwacking sound of trebuchets misfiring and the occasional projectiles launched in every direction.
Wiskeria had walked the distance. She ran about, cursing and calling for a horse, then just charged down the road. Of all the times not to have her mother’s boots! She hoped she’d make it in time.
 
——
 
She was halfway through setting up a cauldron and Erin was inspecting a stone with a bit of quartz running through it, a geode that had tumbled into the river long ago, perhaps, when she noticed Halrac’s look of reserve.
“What?”
“This seems like a larger event than just summoning a slime or Water Golem, Erin.”
He glanced to the side, and Erin saw dozens of girls in hats sitting on the banks. Older [Witches] were arriving, bringing their apprentices. Most watched, standing or sitting, but Agratha had brought a picnic blanket and was offering a canteen of soup around.
Erin bit her lip. She saw Halrac glance at her and then at his team. Unfortunately, Halrac Everam didn’t have much support—Revi had entered her gothic-rebel phase, Typhenous was greedily watching the goings-on, and Briganda was busy drying herself, and she was a happy-go-lucky sort anyways. Cade was probably Halrac’s backup that this wasn’t a good idea, and that was just because the boy wanted to go to the bathroom.
“What? Oh, come on, Halrac. It’s just a little—Laken’s cool. Mm. Maybe he’s not cool.”
Halrac didn’t say anything. He just kept watching Erin. The [Innkeeper] blew out her cheeks.
“I’m not—”
She stared at the ground, then peered around. Erin seemed to demarcate part of the sky and grumbled.
“It’s all his. Land, people, air—who just claims everything? Isn’t that arrogant? Whatddya think about this [Emperor], Halrac? Is he arrogant or a jerk or…?”
The [Marksman] shifted slightly and lowered his voice.
“Maybe. He’s certainly self-assured.”
“Exactly!”
“…But he’s also an [Emperor]. Tens of thousands of people look up to him. He is far more restrained than some. I’ve met Gold-rank adventurers with more grating egos. I think you could name at least one.”
“Todi? Yeah. I…”
Erin looked down at the spot of the ritual and then up as a few [Witches] brought over some gelatin and materials. She stared at the sky and groaned.
“…Damnit. I’ve got to do this.”
Glumly, Erin got up and turned. She walked towards Riverfarm, but as it turned out, Laken was already heading her way. He had his entourage, and he clearly knew something was going on.
“Ah, Erin. Is something…eventful taking place? Something suitably witchy?”
The worst part was that he even sounded polite, like he was sure it was okay, but he was just coming to inquire.
“Sorta.”
Erin mumbled and scuffed at the ground with one foot. She glanced back at Halrac and then looked at Laken.
“I, uh—I’m doing something with your river, Laken. I’m trying to summon the spirit of a Water Elemental.”
“You what?”
The strangled voice came from Nesor, the nervous [Mage] in the back. He was the only person who could appreciate that statement. Laken’s brows rose.
“Indeed?”
Erin nodded glumly.
“But I realized I have to ask you. Because it’s your land and sort of your river. Also, I was hoping he’d come with me. I don’t think an elemental listens to an [Emperor], but he’s been crying since I got here. Anyways. Can I summon an Elemental? It’ll only take like ten minutes to try. I’ll probably fail, anyways.”
