9.11 W
Page 23
Tkrn was a [Guardsman]. He just knew how many times an uneven cobblestone could snap a wagon wheel and cause a headache. Speaking of which, he was admiring how Riverfarm was laid out. It had neat intersections and was built such that you didn’t have to go far from the main thoroughfare to reach any one spot. Again, far better than a windy side road.
However—Riverfarm was still a former village, and it wasn’t used to the levels of traffic it was getting. [Merchants] had started coming in to trade with Riverfarm, and the other parts of the Unseen Empires sent their own wagons and Runners, and so Tkrn found himself walking on the sidewalk as more and more carts fought for the center of the road, mixing with villagers who often crossed the street anywhere they chose, forcing a [Driver] to stop.
In short, they had a bad traffic system, unlike Liscor, where anyone not crossing the street at crosswalks would get cursed out. Tkrn was just thinking it might cause problems when he heard a tremendous bang.
He had a hand on his sword in a moment, but it wasn’t a fight—the cursing up ahead made Tkrn break into a run. Then he saw it.
The busiest road in Riverfarm was the main one, and where it had a four-way stop, someone who wasn’t looking with their wagon had collided with another wagon. Thankfully, the horses were fine, but they’d halted to assess the damage.
Unfortunately, someone else was trying to turn and had to stop. They tried to reverse—only to find four huge, loaded wagons behind them. Suddenly, the horses were boxed in, a pair of ponies reared—and no less than two dozen wagons were in the intersection, unable to turn around as more came to a stop and created more of a blockage.
“Dead gods.”
Tkrn saw the pileup of vehicles and heard the cursing. [Drivers] stood up and began shouting at the people in the center, who looked ready to fight over the damages as more called for others to stop, and horses began to complain about the claustrophobic space. The people of Riverfarm didn’t help; they had walked into the street, but they were just adding to the blockage.
“Drakes’ ancestors! It’s the famous—no. Is it?”
Tkrn passed by a horrified Mister Prost and a few men and women wearing Riverfarm’s livery. The local Watch saw Tkrn trotting left and right, and the [Guardsman] shook his head.
“It is! It’s the legendary five-way cart fullbody pileup!”
“The what?”
Mister Prost was in a mortal horror. Today of all days! With the guests! This was the third major traffic jam this week, and this was the worst yet. But the excited Gnoll from Liscor, that distant city, was gesturing and commentating to the others.
“I’ve never seen a traffic jam this bad. See how each cart is stuck? They all have to reverse or go forwards, but there are five directions each one has to go because that idiot was in the middle of a turn, and she’s facing a wall. It’s the most glorious disaster. It could take hours to sort out. Days, if the traffic gets stuck in multiple streets. I heard a horse once died of starvation before they unstuck the jam.”
Prost groaned. He turned to the other members of Riverfarm’s new Watch.
“Well—get the carts backed up! Pull ‘em back, and someone feed the horses if they’re going to die. Stop those idiots from fighting!”
“Where—where should we go, Mister Prost? There’s only four of us!”
A young [Guardswoman] protested. The completely and utterly blank look on her face offended Tkrn. He waited as Prost turned left and right.
“Go—go down that street. You two.”
“And do what, sir?”
“Back up the carts.”
“Where should they go?”
