9.11 W
Page 20
“I would love to see what you have—but I would also like to trade with many [Witches]. They have many crafts, don’t they?”
Oliyaya laughed.
“They do! But if you think even that cloth will buy much—a [Witch] is no [Craftsman] to churn out goods. Nor do I think that bag of holding has enough treasures.”
It did not, and Inkar knew that well enough. She had bought some Shield Spider venom from Liscor, and she had other trade goods from the Meeting of Tribes, but she took a breath and looked Oliyaya in the eyes.
Which was not easy, because they seemed to pop out of the [Witch]’s head, and they were a disconcertingly lurid green that stared like, well, a scary [Witch]. But it was an experienced [Traveler] who held her own.
“May I purchase some charms and your craft to take back to Longstalker’s Fang and any tribes who wish it, Witch Oliyaya? And from the other [Witches]?”
The cackle from Oliyaya was loud, but not outraged. She stared down at Inkar, leaning forwards until her breath—oddly minty, not foul—blew across Inkar’s face.
“You want to buy my goods on credit?”
Only then did Inkar see the twinkle in the old [Witch]’s gaze. Oliyaya turned her head innocently, but it was too late. Inkar’s smile grew, and the [Witch] cackled and cursed, but good-naturedly.
“I promise on my name and Longstalker’s Fang’s honor it will come to Riverfarm, Witch Oliyaya. There is a door in Invrisil, and it can cut a journey short from Invrisil to Pallass.”
“Eight hundred miles and the Bloodfields gone. True, true. And what would you offer?”
Oliyaya squatted over a mortar and pestle that a girl with burn scars was working over, sifting through fennel with her fingers. Inkar responded, her eyes on Oliyaya’s dark clothing—fine and magical, but old like the [Witch].
“I know a great [Spinner], Honored Deskie, Witch Oliyaya. There are other goods as well.”
“Deskie the Magic Spinner. I know that name. Ah, and her clothing you wear. Well then, well then. I will trade you my craft. If you ensure that any trade of cloth she makes comes to me, before any other. Then I shall introduce you to the others.”
The [Witch] laughed again, and then she was spreading her work before Inkar, and the [Traveler] was writing down charms and what Oliyaya wanted to send to Eska. After all—if you travelled so far to distant lands, only a fool would not trade.
 
——
 
There were, in fact, a few meetings which would have larger consequences. Although the ramifications might not be apparent immediately, they bore instant fruit.
Such as Laken Godart. He was relaxing and trying not to focus on the point of distant irritation that was Erin. The foreign hostility was really affecting him, but he enjoyed hearing of the antics of the others, and he’d decided just to get back to work.
“Hm. Bandits have come over the border.”
“Poor souls, Your Majesty. I will alert General Wiskeria and Beniar at once.”
Mister Prost stepped out as Lady Rie took Prost’s place. She still unsettled him. She was changed, markedly, from her being called by the Circle of Thorns. Oh, it was hard to tell what had changed her very body at first.
If you knew her, she would have seemed unnaturally more vital, as if someone had injected her with energy. The faint, faint tinge to her skin, her teeth? Well, the proof in the pudding, to use an expression, was in her talents.
Namely, the ability to wrestle her bodyguard in terms of strength, a boundless energy—and a nature that unsettled the [Witches], though even Mavika had warned Laken it might not have been obvious had they not known.
