9.11 W
Page 26
Typhenous was eating the newest cookies from Liscor, while Halrac kept pausing to introduce Erin awkwardly to someone he knew. Mostly from Windrest, and the grumpy [Marksman]’s face kept turning remarkably red as someone would make a passing comment.
“Miss Erin, ain’t it? What a lovely lady. Are you thinking of courting young Halrac? The lad could use someone in his life to keep him occupied. As shy as could be growing up.”
Erin kept giggling as Master Helm patted Halrac on the shoulder and showed Erin around his smithy or a woman who’d changed Halrac’s diapers remarked on how a burbling baby was so serious now, but a hero, a Gold-rank adventurer.
The rest of Halrac’s team was enjoying this to no end, but it had to be said—in between Erin visiting people, she was talking.
“So there I was, and I met the most amazing [Archer] with a shining bow. And then a bunch of ‘em, all [Kings] and [Princesses], shooting arrows! They were an entire kingdom of bow-people!”
“Avel.”
Erin’s face fell. Halrac gave her a disbelieving look, but he had listened to her tales of the deadlands in silence.
“Yeah. They were brave until the end. I never saw…I wondered if Ulrien might have been there, but I never saw him. How—how was it when I died?”
They were talking, as they walked in the sunlit day, of the things they had both seen when she was dead. Halrac shrugged.
“The Horns went to the Village of the Dead. We went with them. It was damned and foolish, but no one could have stopped them.”
All for you. Erin looked up at Halrac, and her smile turned sad.
“How many people died?”
“Less than most death-raids, Miss Solstice. Less than most. Have you met our resident Mossbear, Bismarck? Halrac, let’s introduce Miss Solstice, but, ah, hide your food, Miss Erin. The fellow is not above bowling someone over for a snack.”
Typhenous interrupted the moment, and Halrac nodded. He straightened—and Erin linked arms with him, much to his discomfort and the delight of his former village. She looked up at him, and he began to pull away.
Were they the closest guest and [Innkeeper]? No. But he had been there for so long—Erin just sighed as she looked around Riverfarm.
“Promise to visit more, Halrac. I’m gonna miss you. But this is a nice place, it seems like. And Pebblesnatch really likes you.”
“It is. Laken Godart saved my village, and I am grateful to him for that.”
He agreed quietly. Erin nodded, and on they walked. Behind them, as Briganda teased Cade with a cookie, Revi and the last member of Erin’s party strolled along.
Revi Cotton and…Gothica. They didn’t say much. Revi strolled along in her [Summoner]’s clothing, glancing at Gothica now and then as the Goblin walked like a shadow under the sun. After about forty minutes of listening to Erin and the others talk, Revi nodded.
“Your outfit has some style. Good to see someone’s classing up the inn.”
Gothica grinned toothily.
“You too.”
“[Goth], is it? What kind of a class is [Goth]?”
Typhenous’ ears perked up. All his bribes and begging had availed him not. But Revi? Gothica considered the question.
“Is a class about style. Blackness. Being alone. Stick it up the bum of people in charge. Style.”
“Ooh. That would be a hit in Nerrhavia’s Fallen among a certain group of people. Do you think I could pick up the class? Just for fun.”
Gothica eyed Revi.
“Yah. You have clothing?”
“Mhm.”
“Let’s go.”
They vanished as Erin began to tour the fields of Riverfarm. She heard lots of shouting behind her, and Master Helm walked off, groaning.
“Oh dead gods, it’s another pileup. I’ll never get my shipments…”
