9.11 W
Page 38
A [Witch] felt emotions. She felt emotions. It wasn’t as if her mother had taken them away. When she was stabbed, she screamed. When she stubbed a toe, she cursed and wept. She was hardly immortal or even tough.
It was just that these were natural things, and sometimes she could let them pass over her or think amidst blinding agony if she had to. But that was just a trick of concentration; any [Warrior] could do that.
Strong feelings, though, especially the good ones, were rare. She had once been a girl, and her mother had shown her every wonder and horror; it had made her numb until her first friend taught her how to be close to a normal person. However, even now, Wiskeria remembered her great emotions.
Her betrayal when Odveig revealed herself as Sacra. Her rage against her mother’s deeds. Her sense of righteousness when she found her craft. Her sadness for Nanette.
Now, she savored a different kind of feeling. Which was sympathy for Erin Solstice.
The young woman sat there, a blanket on her shoulders, staring at the fire in her guest-house. Wiskeria had lit it for her. Erin didn’t seem keen on moving.
She still had a bruise, a bad one, from where Briganda had punched her. Which was a fair and honest blow, and there hadn’t been two or four. No one was dead, but there was a lot of cleaning up to do. The old man was howling his fury, and Riverfarm’s folk were understandably upset by what they’d seen.
However, Wiskeria was slightly peeved. Indignant, and she ventured some words into the silence.
“They knew it would probably go bad. They let you summon the Water Elemental and make that mistake. I hate it when they do that.”
Erin hadn’t stirred until now, but her head began to rise. Her voice croaked.
“They knew he’d…?”
Wiskeria sensed her rising outrage and corrected herself.
“They probably didn’t know he’d try to kill Cade. Hedag would have stopped you herself. But…let’s say they let it happen. Say, rather, they allowed you to make a mistake because they thought they could control it if they were there. Which was true. And they probably wanted to learn how to do what you did. Many purposes to a deed. That’s witchcraft.”
“How could they let me do that?”
Erin’s voice was hushed, angry, and hurt. Wiskeria smiled.
“Because you came to them without a hat and no craft but told them you were the student of the greatest coven, and it made them mad. [Witches] can be petty. They don’t like me much, either, because I’m a [Witch of Law] and Belavierr’s daughter and I won’t tell them any secrets. Some of them don’t care, but they push us to be what they think is best. That’s a [Witch]-y thing to do.”
“That’s outrageous. I n—I d—I don’t appreciate people doing it to me.”
Erin was at least conscientious enough not to be hypocritical. Then she looked at Wiskeria again.
“I didn’t mean to be rude. Well—sorta. I just didn’t want to go in with thees and thous, you know?”
The other [Witch] considered this and shrugged.
“You should have. Mavika especially wants that.”
“But why? Why can’t I be casual?”
For answer, Wiskeria nodded out the window at the angry river.
“Because witchcraft has rules. It’s like…wiping your feet at the door. It’s courtesy, and sometimes, the rules about where to walk or how to talk save your life. Didn’t the ghosts teach you that?”
She said it so matter-of-factly, as if she believed Erin’s stories implicitly. Even the people who knew Erin best didn’t quite…believe. They tried, but Wiskeria just tilted her head, and Erin hesitated.
“I—they taught me how to be a [Witch]. How to be one, not secrets. Not like the other ghosts.”
