9.11 W
Page 43
“Because we were raiders. We attacked Humans and Drakes, even Gnolls if we found them. I have never met Tremborag, but I have…friends…who knew him. And he was someone I would kill. If his tribe came to you, and I were you, I would kill him. But I wouldn’t have killed the Goblins who came to Erin’s inn. They were my people, and some were even innocent of everything.”
The [Emperor]’s head bowed. Numbtongue went on in the silence.
“But we attacked you, and you thought all of us were one Goblin. Now you know better, and I see Goblins walking around. I was dying and you helped kill me and bring me back. Erin is always Erin. She would cry for one Goblin. We are not rats. We are Goblins, and someday, you will have to suffer if you want to protect us.”
“I know.”
Laken thought of the bearded man’s distaste. He thought of the other nobility and the rumblings of his people. Numbtongue put down his cup with a clink.
“When that day comes, have an escape tunnel for them. And you.”
Laken waited.
“What about the rest?”
The [Bard] stretched his legs out and quietly farted into his chair. He waved it in the direction of a sheep spying on the two of them from a bookshelf where it had hollowed out a spot behind the books.
“I don’t like you, Laken Godart. You killed a lot of my friends. I don’t hate you, Laken Godart. You’re better than most Humans. That’s pretty good, eh?”
He looked over, and the blind [Emperor] smiled.
“That’s a high compliment. And a good place to start. Do you think we can be friends?”
Numbtongue shrugged, although he knew Laken couldn’t see it.
“Friends. Allies. Sure. What did you have in mind?”
Laken tilted his head, and the Sariant ran, squeaking, as he focused on it. Gamel had to get up and take it outside, and Laken looked at Numbtongue in that moment of silence.
“Let’s trade secrets. A few interesting ones. We are on a side, and I would like you to know some things I’ve been told. Maybe you can do more than I can, even with an empire.”
The Hobgoblin’s eyes gleamed with interest.
“We are on good sides. Erin talks too much.”
“That she does. And frankly, I feel like I’d call on her if I needed a battering ram. Sometimes, I suspect, you need to protect her from herself. Today might be an example, but I don’t know her well.”
The Hob chuckled.
“She gets good things instead of bad two thirds of the time. Two other days, you would have a cute Water Elemental rolling around.”
Laken’s smile was rueful.
“Well, I can respect that kind of gambling. But there are reasons to keep things from her. For instance—this. I told the Mage’s Guild to lock down the news, and the lambs stole all the [Message] scrolls from your company. Just so Erin doesn’t make this—worse? Lady Rie will report that she is definitely here, and if anyone scries her, she was here and had nothing to do with anything.”
“With what? Did something happen with—the monsters?”
Numbtongue sat up instantly, and Laken produced a [Message].
“It’s happening. Take a look.”
Numbtongue began to read, and Laken appreciated the multicultural level of swearing that began as Numbtongue realized they had really missed great events taking place. But what that was, Erin would find out later.
For now, a [Bard] sat with an [Emperor], and they enjoyed a quiet conversation in the night.
 
——
 
One last thing.
Wiskeria had a long chat with Erin as they mended what bridges they could, metaphorically and literally. She talked, for a while, about what it was like to be Belavierr’s daughter and listened to Erin’s tales.
