9.11 W
Page 22
Laken Godart sat there. He considered her words and actually wondered if they might be true for a second. Then he caught himself, shook his head, and spoke.
“Gamel, please take Miss Mrsha out and find her mother or some children her age.”
What? You can’t do this! You stupid fool! No one ignores Mrsha the Great and—
Gamel picked up Mrsha and, ignoring her squirming, carried her outside. Laken Godart sat in his recliner, then he lay back.
“Children. Was I that bad? Eugh.”
She reminded him of a giant Sariant Lamb.
 
——
 
Mrsha the Indignant Parcel squirmed, but she didn’t quite dare punch or bite Gamel. Even so, when he put her down with a bunch of Riverfarm’s children who got to play outdoors, she listened to him tell her off.
“His Majesty is not to be disturbed. Hey, you lot! This girl would like to play. Keep an eye on her?”
Oh, he’d pay. So would that [Emperor]. Mrsha was going to get right back in and assert dominance! She was just about to slink off as Gamel marched away when someone ran up.
“You’re a Gnoll!”
Mrsha turned and stared at a girl with pigtails who grinned in delight at her. Mrsha pointed at her face.
Who, me? Well observed, dummy. But she didn’t say that. The girl peered at Mrsha.
“Can’t you speak?”
“No, she can’t, remember? But she’s fast! Did you see her crawling through the [Emperor]’s window? You oughtn’t to do that, Miss. Let’s play instead! We’ve got a soccer ball, and we’re going to the new fields. There’s a game!”
Another boy around eleven urged Mrsha. She turned her head. Plebians! She was Mrsha the Great and—
“Your fur’s so nice! It’s white. Is it hard to keep clean? I love it!”
The girl touched Mrsha’s fur! The Gnoll child slapped the hand and was about to growl. Yeah, she was a Doombearer. Doombearer! So don’t think she was—
Then she saw the curious children around her, mostly Humans, and hesitated. Mrsha looked around, and they crowded over, asking what Gnolls ate, if she ran around on all fours, and what she was wearing—a kilt.
And she realized not one, not even Drake children, knew what the heck a Doombringer or Doombearer was. They barely knew what a Gnoll was. She couldn’t speak, but most of them could read, and they oohed as she produced her bag of holding.
Mrsha the Amazingly Interesting stood amidst the children. And then the notions of bothering an [Emperor] vanished. She produced her special magical ball and threw it and then began to race around with the children who barely knew her name or cared why her fur was white. Within five minutes, she was laughing, her slight cold forgotten.
Then she realized this lot had never seen a Liscorian playground. And they had never thrown a proper riot. Mrsha the Troublemaker decided she had to show these yokels how a real Liscorian kid did things. And she had the most fun she had ever had in the last year in the first hour of play.
 
——
 
There was something for everyone in Riverfarm. Whether it was just seeing something new, being found valuable, or making an opportunity. For everyone.
Even…him.
Tkrn.
He was depressed, because Inkar had wanted to negotiate with the [Witches], and she had forbidden him from joining in. Tkrn had no head for trade, and he caved before Inkar in deals. He was walking about, smelling this town, and admiring the roads.
“Brick. Look at it. So smooth. And they’re working on sewers?”
The Gnoll felt embarrassed when people stared at him, but even Liscor didn’t have roads this obsessively well-built in every spot. Of course, he couldn’t have known how Laken’s brick roads were among his most unpopular decisions.
