9.11 W
Page 40
The [Innkeeper]’s face fell. She hung her head.
“He was so sad. I thought I was doing a good deed. It was a small vessel.”
Wiskeria patted Erin’s knee and got a nod of approval. She explained, as patiently as she could. It was amazing Erin didn’t see it.
“I know he was sad, but he didn’t understand why drowning children was bad. Even my mother knows right and wrong, but he’s water. He’s killed more children over his life than most monsters who walk on two legs. He weeps—but most spirits lie, even if it’s also to themselves. You have to do your research, first. Be very sure before you act. When I heard him weeping, I checked with some of the locals, and they told me how he overflows his banks and how many he’s killed. If it was a Dryad? She might be nice to that [Druid] girl, Mrsha, but she’d strangle Cade in a heartbeat for plucking a single flower.”
Erin shuddered. Then she looked sideways at Wiskeria.
“How d’you know all that? Did Belavierr teach you?”
Wiskeria nodded absently.
“Some. The rest is just stories. Reading books and so on. I met countless [Witches] of Terandria, and I’ve met a lot of the ones in Izril. Not that I’m an expert. As you can see, my hat is empty. I am a [Witch] with no great deeds, but that’s fine. It annoys my mother, and there’s nothing grand about me. I was simply Belavierr’s daughter. If I went around summoning elementals, it would be so boring of me, wouldn’t it?”
Wiskeria stopped talking abruptly and almost jumped. Erin had sucked the words out of her like a sponge did water! She turned, abashed, but Erin had a look of delight and chagrin on her face. The [Innkeeper] vibrated and then almost burst out.
“You’re fascinating! You’re nothing like what I thought you’d be—if I even knew Belavierr had a daughter! Wiskeria, I like you!”
“Really? I hated you from the moment I saw you.”
Her brows were faintly blue now the dye had washed out a bit. Erin’s face fell.
“Wh—you did? Why?”
“Because you remind me of my mother. She would have summoned that old man in a heartbeat if she thought he was worth it. Even if he drowned everyone in Riverfarm. She never asks whether something is right or wrong, or even smart. She just does it. You’re all grand deeds like the people in your company. You do what you think you have to, even if you break every rule. Am I wrong?”
The [Innkeeper] looked terribly offended by the comparison and then tentatively outraged.
“I don’t always do that. It’s just how things shake up. You can’t always follow the rules. You don’t get anything done that way.”
“Spoken like Belavierr.”
“Hey! Take that back. I’ve never met her, but every story I’ve heard makes her super bad!”
Wiskeria nodded reasonably.
“She’s worse than the stories. And you are like her. I can see the connection, and my words are fair. I swear it, upon my hat and hair.”
She added a bit of magic, a bit of solemness so Erin could see she was serious. But that only outraged Erin more.
“Take it back! Take it back! I’ll—”
She began to poke Wiskeria and then punch her gently. In response, Wiskeria raised a fist.
“No, no punching!”
Erin saw the future in an instant and put up her hands. She spoke quickly as Wiskeria lowered her fist.
“You don’t punch people when they play-fight! Important lesson, especially with kids!”
Wiskeria smiled politely.
“I know. But I wanted you to stop.”
Erin gave her a bug-eyed look, and then she burst out laughing. It turned into something like a sob or a moan, and she hugged the towel around her tighter and edged closer to her fire.
