9.11 W
Page 29
“Yeah! It’ll take me a second to figure out how to do it, anyways. Mavika, do you know how to summon elementals? It wasn’t part of my training. I only know theory.”
The Crow Witch hesitated and shook her head.
“You know more than I of this part of deep craft. If you think it is wise, do what you wilt, and I will watch with the others.”
More [Witches] were learning from Erin. And lambs. The young woman gulped, but her eyes were aflame, and this, perhaps more than any moment, was truly what she had learned from the lands of the dead. So she began speaking out loud, explaining to her audience.
“Okay. Okay. If I recall right—summoning an Elemental is like any other spirit. There are two basic parts of a spirit staying in the world. The ritual can be simple or hard, and since he’s…here, that’s not as much of an issue. And he wants to come out. So we need to make a body for him and an anchor.”
“How’s that, then?”
Typhenous was scribbling frantically. Erin ticked the two off on her fingers.
“Body. Body is like—what he uses. A vessel like Khoteizetrough had. It can be small or big, and an Elemental grows over time as it puts more of itself in there. We need something suitably…water-like.”
“A bucket of water?”
“Special water, Revi! Almost like a slime’s body, maybe. The second thing it needs is an anchor. Some part of it that connects to what it is. A sapling or…well, a riverstone.”
“I could get that. It’s a cold day, but if you want someone to take a dip—I’m your woman! This sounds exciting!”
Briganda laughed and shucked off her outer layer of clothing. She put a toe in the river and shuddered.
“Oh, that’s cold! I’ll dive down and grab a stone?”
Erin hesitated.
“Uh—yeah! Get one with a hole in it, if you can! A natural hole in the center.”
Briganda’s face fell. She stared down into the riverbed at hundreds of stones.
“Wait, what?”
Then a chortling Cade ran up and pushed Briganda into the water. She fell in with a yelp and began bobbing in the fast-moving current, diving down and coming up with muddy stones.
Erin was trying to figure out the water bit. Mavika perched next to her.
“Perhaps only a bit of water will do for a small one? In the tales I know, they started small and grew without limit over time.”
“Yeah, yeah. It’s just—a basic Elemental is sorta stupid. If we give him water, he’ll splash and destroy his body. So it needs to be slightly…gelatinous?”
“Hm. A thick water?”
“Ew, but yes.”
Mavika frowned at Erin, but then she turned her head.
“Perhaps Eloise could help. She is a [Witch] of tea, and she could mix an agent into some water. I have horse’s bone and marrow, and I know Agratha can make a jelly broth of beef.”
Erin clapped her hands in delight.
“What, like a tea Elemental? That’s hilarious! Yeah, let’s do that! All we need is a cauldron, a stone…”
And a great occasion for the magic. Erin felt it in the air, a humming in her bones. Her eyes lit up, and she beamed, and the other [Witches] felt it as she began to kneel by the riverbed and whispered to the water.
A prickle in their thumbs. A great act of witching this way comes. Even the girl sitting on the hill looked down as she felt Erin speaking to the river.
But the one [Witch] who heard the old man and ignored his pleas day by day raised her head and turned from supervising a new trebuchet being constructed in the engineering corps’ home.
“Oh no, that fool.”
