9.11 W
Page 44
It sounded like she had a lot to teach Erin. Least of all because, of all the coven that had taught Erin—Califor was probably the only good mother and teacher of the lot.
They had all been the greatest monsters of their ages. Somillune? Erin hadn’t known the tales that made the [Witch of Ash] as feared as she was respected. They had put her on a road to becoming something like them.
Wiskeria would be the other voice in Erin’s ear for a little bit. She’d been up for a while, thinking about lessons, but she’d drifted off in the night. As always, she listened, even if she didn’t want to act on the things she heard, omens and fate.
Tonight, she heard an old man shouting his fury, and he would be a problem. Wiskeria muttered as she turned over and hoped Erin got some sleep.
“Sleep for another thousand years, old man. By the twitching in my toes—fuck off.”
He went silent, and Wiskeria began snoring softly as she began to dream. Then—her eyes snapped open, and she stared up in pure alarm and surprise. Wiskeria sat bolt upright and whirled, looking right and looking left.
“Hello? Who’s there?”
She got up, drew a dagger, and crept around her house for a good thirty minutes, even going outside. But then she went back to her bed and crawled into it. She put her wand, dagger, and hat all close by on her bed and tried to sleep, rattled.
She had never heard anything like that before. It was no watery voice from the deep. It was close—and it sounded like a wail, an eerie sound with no vocal cords. It spoke to her, and Wiskeria listened.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Notes: It was a three-parter after all. Darn!
I suppose it’s inevitable that when you have a place you haven’t been before, you have to re-explore and such. But here is part of Erin’s adventure in Riverfarm.
However. I think we’ll cut away from here and come back later. I have a plan! The plan just changes now and then. I also need to figure out how to move faster on the Volume 1 rewrites. And the other projects. And Gravesong’s sequel and…
You know, it’s a good problem to have, too many stories to write. But it’s keeping quality up and not abandoning the project that matters. The Wandering Inn is like that with all the plotlines and Riverfarm has been gone for a while. Nevertheless, we do the best we can.
Hope you enjoyed and thanks for reading! Rest assured, all questions will be answered. In fact, if you were reading this any day except the day it was published, you could probably skip ahead and find out what happens next! It’s not a cliffhanger. It’s just a matter of perspective. See you later!
 
Irurx and Writing for Ducks by Brack!
DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/shurkin/gallery/
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/brack
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Brack_Giraffe
 
 
Erin by Detton!

 
Pisces and Ceria by butts!
 
 

