9.11 W
Page 9
She dropped her knife and fished out a handkerchief. The boy was dying of blood loss, but she pulled out a potion and healed him. Then she sat, asking him why he was crying and why he wouldn’t just admit the obvious.
“My eye. My eye!”
He screamed at her, and she looked more and more puzzled until her mother appeared. She came striding up the mountain, up a cliff face, and the boy froze when he saw that ringed stare, that hat.
“Wiskeria. What are you doing with a [Prince]? You’ve taken his eye. Did he attack you? If so, he dies.”
She drew a sewing needle, and his heart stopped, but Wiskeria leapt up.
“No, Mother! I poked out his eye because we argued, but he’s crying and he’s sad.”
“People are sad when they lose their eyes, my daughter. Hm. This will not do. He is the son of a [Queen]. It should not be as much a fuss if he vanishes. Or I can remove you from his mind.”
Wiskeria looked back at the terrified boy and scuffed a foot on the ground.
“Don’t do that. I like him. Can you heal him, Mother?”
Belavierr tilted her head.
“As you wish, my daughter.”
So, she took the terrified [Prince] and found where his eye had run onto the ground and made him scoop up the dirt and press it into the bloody socket. Then, when the dirt fell away and he blinked with two eyes, she stitched up his torn clothing and listened as he exclaimed and talked with Wiskeria.
The young girl was powerfully interested in this crying boy and begged her mother to let him introduce her to his mother. So—Belavierr walked higher, and she walked into Kaliv’s courts and met Novakya, the Griffin Queen, and introduced herself and her daughter.
To say they caused a stir was an understatement. Every great warrior stormed into the court as the Griffin Queen swept her son behind her, but Belavierr tipped her hat and—because her daughter had no friends and liked the young [Prince]—offered the Griffin Queen a deal.
Thereafter, the Stitch Witch would visit, sometimes every day, sometimes once every few months, and bring her daughter to meet the [Prince]. Upon request, she would sew—for a discounted price—what was asked of her.
Some armor for a warrior. Sew an arm back onto a body. Sew a little charm into a tunic. And Wiskeria and the [Prince] would play, and she would slowly—slowly—realize why he had cried when she took out his eye. He, in turn, would speak with the Stitch Witch and her daughter and develop a friendship, or infatuation, that only grew the older they got.
When he was fifteen, she was fourteen, and two years had passed, Wiskeria was more like a person. But still, she loved her mother and sometimes asked the [Prince] if he wanted anything.
“Anything? Your mother makes my mother worried, Wiskeria.”
“I know. And sometimes she says we might become enemies or she might eat me. But she hasn’t, and she gives me what I ask for. I have asked for Wyvern meat, to fly and touch clouds. I almost asked to pet a Unicorn, but she does too much, you know. But you’re the Griffin Prince. Isn’t Ailendamus worrying to your mother?”
He nodded, thinking back to the meetings he sometimes eavesdropped on or the [Advisors] and [Strategists] would tell him about, or his mother and his siblings.
“It is. I have to learn a lot. I hope…your mother will stay friends with Kaliv, even if some people call her a monster.”
Wiskeria smiled brightly.
“So long as I’m here, she will! But don’t you want something else? She’s so miserly, but if I ask her, she’ll do something for free.”
“But the cost…”
Wiskeria waved that away eagerly. She had never convinced the [Prince] of this much before.
