9.11 W
Page 13
Erin closed her eyes.
“No. No…no one is. The lands of the dead—”
“Okay.”
Nanette interrupted her again. The little [Witch] looked at Erin and then turned to gaze up to Wiskeria. The ordinary [Witch] bent down, and Nanette spoke softly, to Erin, to Wiskeria.
“I’m going to sit down again. Tell me when I should go.”
“Are you—don’t you have questions?”
Erin faltered, but Nanette just looked back at Erin. For a moment, her lips seemed to writhe and burst—then her hat weighed down her tongue, and she shook her head.
“I’m tired. Did my mother say anything to me?”
“I have…there are some things that…”
A third time, Nanette’s eyes flickered, and her voice went flattest of all.
“Okay. I’ll listen. Later. I want to sit down, now. Wiskeria?”
“Sure.”
Wiskeria took the hand and tried to draw some of the sadness out, but Nanette jerked her hand back and stared up at her. Wiskeria took her hand and nothing else and went for the door.
“But…okay. Okay, I’ll find you, alright, Nanette?”
Erin was staring, her face stricken, as she saw Nanette’s hat. Only then did her eyes find Wiskeria. The Witch of Law tipped her hat.
“Hello, Witch Erin Solstice. It’s good to meet you. I’m Wiskeria. Belavierr’s daughter. I trust we’ll speak again later.”
A little Gnoll made a sound of choking horror. Erin’s eyes opened wide.
“Whuh—Belavierr’s—”
“What?”
The [Princess] shrieked at the same time as the Hobgoblin nearly drew his sword. Wiskeria pushed the door open and led Nanette outside. She looked down at the girl. Only when she was outside and the door had closed did Nanette fall over.
She didn’t collapse. Nor did she faint. She just keeled over, forwards, and would have slammed her nose into the ground had Wiskeria not caught her just in time. The older [Witch] grunted and lifted Nanette up.
The young [Witch] was still awake, but her face was pale and her eyes stared at nothing. Wiskeria gently carried her away from the throne room and to her home. She put Nanette into her bed, and the girl stared up at the ceiling. Wiskeria pointed at her hat.
“Sacrifice your sadness or use it, Nanette. It’s been too long. It will be your end.”
The girl didn’t respond, and it was her choice. So Wiskeria left. And she knew—knew that even when Nanette stirred, even when she went back to sit under that tree, and even though her mother had sent back a mortal agent to take care of her—even then, with her name hanging in the air—
The girl shed not a single tear.
 
——
 
The first day at Riverfarm was mostly settling in. Introducing themselves. Telling what needed to be told, like a version of Erin’s witnessing of the lands of the dead.
Whether or not anyone believed was up to them. Erin herself listened to the tale of Belavierr and Riverfarm’s rise to power and had to reckon with tales of a young Chieftain who had burned a path across Riverfarm and nearly destroyed the [Emperor]’s lands.
An [Innkeeper] met an [Emperor]. An [Innkeeper] met [Witches]. Erin Solstice stood before Mavika, Agratha, Oliyaya, Hedag, and a few other [Witches] and greeted them somewhat formally. Agratha was knitting energetically.
“You have no hat. Will you make one? There’s a contest, my dear. A [Witch] should have a hat. And you should apprentice yourself with one of us. Or we could find a suitable teacher.”
“A contest? I dunno, I’m no good at sewing and stuff. I’ll get a hat, don’t worry. But, uh, I’ve never been a hat-girl. But I am a [Witch]. It’s just, I’ll be my kind of [Witch], y’know?”
