9.11 W
Page 25
Tkrn saluted, feeling a sinking feeling in his stomach. How important was a [Steward]? But Prost just shook Tkrn’s paw.
“That was fantastic, Guardsman! Do they really train [Guards] to do all that?”
“What, traffic control? It’s part of the job. Do you not have anything like that?”
Prost shook his head.
“No, but we will, and His Majesty himself will want to speak to you! Do you have time to talk with His Majesty?”
“Me?”
Tkrn squeaked, but Prost was already steering him towards a blind man who was witnessing the horrific traffic jam being dispersed with actual competency for once. Laken Godart spoke without turning his head.
“Mister Prost, I heard some of that. I believe we need to import some of the Watch practices from the Drakes posthaste. And fix our street problems.”
“Absolutely, Your Majesty. Guardsman, how does Liscor solve this?”
Tkrn scratched his head, but he blurted out what he knew.
“Traffic problems? If it’s a bad street, a [Guardsman] will direct traffic, or we’ll tell people to go another route. But if it’s just a bad jam, we have to sometimes just organize the carts or everyone tries to go at the same time. There’s always some Creler-for-brains who tries to go ahead of everyone else and causes this. Er—sorry for the language, Your Majesty.”
Laken was listening intently. He smiled reassuringly at Tkrn.
“Not at all. Mister Prost, someone to direct traffic would be welcome. But it rather sounds to me like what we need is…a traffic light.”
Tkrn’s ears perked up. Prost looked at Laken with a familiar curiosity.
“A what, sire?”
Laken tapped a finger to his lips.
“Get me Nesor and a few [Mages]. A [Witch] too, perhaps. And…Jelov. Actually, I just put on fresh clothes, and I don’t want to get wet again, even if it seems like rain later today. Make it Master Helm. I suppose we can make it out of metal. Guardsman Tkrn, are you free to consult with us for, oh, an hour?”
“I—of course, Your Majesty?”
Tkrn was sweating, and Prost noticed.
“Someone get Guardsman Tkrn a refreshing drink. And anything to eat? This way, Your Majesty…”
And that was how Tkrn found himself walking with Emperor Laken Godart as the [Emperor] asked some curious magic-users if they could enchant a piece of metal to show different-colored lights. Then Tkrn’s eyes widened, and he looked at Laken.
Of course! Earth folk! He was Inkar’s partner, of course, and she had told him of her world. But she’d never mentioned traffic lights! When he told Zevara about this, she’d be so happy for all the [Guards] who didn’t have to direct traffic, why, she might actually smile at him.
Tkrn was also a bit unhappy, because it explained why, when he’d gone to the simulation of Earth, he’d cut his adventures short twice shortly after seeing a red light and hearing a honking horn coming down the street. Cars were a horrible thing.
 
——
 
Traffic lights. [Bards]. Friendships and tea. A day in Riverfarm was already a bustling thing, but it always was. Nanette sat under a tree again, and not even the news that she might leave with Erin Solstice changed her blank face. Yet there were good meetings for the bad.
As her friends went about their various days, Erin Solstice walked through Riverfarm with Griffon Hunt. She was going to find Nanette, but her friends also deserved their moment, so she watched Cade walk in front of Briganda, who was ready to catch him if he fell or walked in front of a wagon.
