9.11 W
Page 24
Tkrn’s mouth actually opened. He waited for Prost to kick the young woman out of the Watch, but the [Steward] seemed as lost as she was.
Because they had never been in a big city. Before Prost could figure something else out, Tkrn snapped.
“Wait a second. You don’t leave—blow your whistle! What’s your traffic alarm and backup call?”
The Humans looked at Tkrn. The young [Guardswoman] gave Tkrn a blank stare.
“My what?”
“Where’s your whistle?”
She hesitated and looked at the other three Watch members, who shrugged.
“I don’t have one.”
Tkrn’s jaw dropped.
“You don’t have—? Then how do you call for help?”
“Well, if there’s a problem, His Majesty knows, or we shout for help.”
“You shout for—wait a second. Are you actually [Guards] or are you just wearing the gear? This is a traffic stop! You whistle for help, get a [Sergeant] in the center, and begin blocking streets off! You don’t reverse carts—you make sure more aren’t coming to add to the problem! And someone has to stop those idiots before they brawl!”
Indeed, a furious Human was shouting at a half-Elf, and they looked ready to punch each other out. But the Humans were just giving Tkrn a huge look.
“What’s all that about? We’re [Militia], not [Guards]! Most Watch don’t have [Guards] classes. You get that after a few months if you’re good. I was a Watch member in a town before this.”
A strident man jerked a thumb at his chest. Tkrn looked him up and down.
“Well, with training like that, no wonder! How long did you spend in training, Watchman? Where’s your gear?”
The man looked perplexed.
“Training? I spent three days following an older fellow around, and then I got given a club and a shield. You’re from those fancy Drake cities, aren’t you?”
Tkrn’s blank stare was morphing into one of slow, dawning horror. He’d heard jokes about the north’s Watches, but he hadn’t really understood the truth behind the jokes.
The north often conflated their militias or standing armies with the Watch. Moreover, adventurers often did the job of [Guards]. Tkrn had spent four months as a trainee, and then he’d spent two years in probation as a junior guardsman before becoming a full-time one.
Zevara’s new influx to the Watch had left the [Watch Captain] stressed out that she was reducing their performance rushing them into the job. If she’d seen Riverfarm, she would have probably been breathing magma.
He spoke, taking charge without realizing he was doing it.
“Alright. You—find the Watch. You have a headquarters? Get me—twenty-three. There will be four at each intersection, blocking off the road and navigating the horses back. You, post them to each street.”
“How do I—?”
“Four per street is sixteen. Count how many go where. Send the rest to me. You two, with me. Hey!”
Tkrn put his whistle in his mouth and blew it. The beginnings of a brawl in the center of the street broke up as people put their hands over their ears and turned. They saw a Gnoll stomping down the street, bawling in a familiar, practiced manner.
“Liscor’s—I mean, Riverfarm Watch coming through! Please, go about your business! Clear the streets! Sir, I don’t have time for—sir, wait over there. Now, shut up—let’s get everyone out of this jam, first. If your cart’s damaged or your horses are hurt, wait unless someone’s bleeding. Quiet—”
Mister Prost watched as Tkrn began giving out orders. The Gnoll only realized he had taken command from the actual [Steward] of Riverfarm when Prost began adding his voice to the mix.
“Oh—I didn’t mean to take charge, sir!”
