9.12
Page 47
But then, the Dwarf thought—where the hell were any of them? He glanced at Dawil and coughed.
“Field Captain Rlint of Deríthal-Vel. We’re resettling Dwarfhalls Rest. May I present my compliments to the commanders of both forces?”
He held out a hand, and both Antinium’s bug-like eyes and the Goblin’s crimson eyes found him. Rlint had misgivings about this—but the Grandfathers had many stories of bastards, and that was apparently everyone, even women, at times in history.
They had never said much bad about Goblins, though. He found himself shaking a [Templar]’s hand and asking about the class. Then a little Goblin called ‘Rags’ shook his hand. He noticed her crossbow.
“That’s Dwarfsteel. Did you—get it from a customer of ours?”
The Goblin peered at him, then grinned.
“Found it off a dead adventurer. Good stuff. How much for a hundred?”
To which he had nothing to say. But the Antinium were standing in formation, and they were here. Antinium in the north.
One of the vocal ones, a Worker with a huge sword, made a kacshaw sound. A sneeze? The rest of his squad stared at him. He looked so offended as he wiped at his mandibles that he turned.
“Ew. I think I caught a cold again. Zimrah. Cure me.”
A [Priest] walked over, sighing, and put a hand on Crusader 57’s head, and he brightened up.
“That feels nice. Thanks, I guess.”
The moment passed almost everyone by but a certain half-Elf standing about sixteen miles away, who began flipping out. Rlint didn’t notice; he was shaking hands with everyone, gore-spattered or not.
“What’s going to become of this now?”
The consequences were so huge that no one could guess, not even Ceria. She looked at the Antinium [Crusaders] and the Goblins, and Rags’ eyes glittered.
“Where’s Erin?”
“Not here, for once. Apparently, she had nothing to do with the Antinium.”
Rags’ eyes rose in pure disbelief, but then she shrugged and sighed. She nodded at the [Chef], Calescent, who was bouncing on his toes excitedly.
“I have a stupid [Chef] to get rid of. My best [Chef]. I will go to Liscor, soon. Had to help fight monsters. Not sure why they all left.”
“Oh. Thanks. Are you sure…”
Ceria didn’t know what to say. Are you sure it was worth it? Rags glanced around and then up at the sky, as if she could see the scrying spells. She grinned and waved, then held out a clawed hand.
“Maybe. Maybe not. But this? Maybe this makes sense to them.”
She held out her claw, concentrated, and Ceria wondered what she was doing. Then Rags blinked, and a shower of gold coins fell into her claws. Quite a lot of gold coins, in fact. It came down so hard that the little Goblin ran, cursing and shielding her head as her portion of the <Heroic Quest> rained down.
Not just gold. Ceria saw a half-empty tub of…butter fall out of the sky. Straight into her hands. The half-Elf stared at it and then at the gold raining down. An agate hit Jelaqua in the head, and then she blinked.
“Whoa! What the—a wand!”
A redwood wand landed amidst her rewards. Gershal of Vaunt stared up, and the pommel of a magic sword clocked him in the jaw.
That wasn’t on the quest reward! Ceria gaped around, and Ksmvr placed a hand on her shoulder solemnly.
“I believe we have received the half-pot of butter. In the future, Captain Ceria…”
She waited for him to ask for the butter or say something humorous, but the [Skirmisher] just gave her a grave look.
“…Perhaps the quest rewards should be given to someone luckier? I would like a free magic sword.”
