9.12
Page 6
On cue, the [Necromancer] spilled bones from a pouch, pointed, and two undead horses rose upwards to the [Stablehand]’s horror. Horror—but he didn’t scream, and no one called the Watch.
That was the level of fame the Horns had reached. The other horses shied away as Pisces began to tether them, and Jelaqua whistled.
“I forgot how economical you all are. Give us a second. Seborn! Want to check on scrolls in Invrisil?”
The Drowned Man turned from a quiet talk with Yvlon.
“Don’t bother. Word is they’ve all been taken. Black market’s gone to people close to the hordes who want out. Nervous nobility and rich folk bought the rest.”
“Damn. We’re the ones heading to the fighting! Invrisil’s—oh, wait. It was via Celum, wasn’t it?”
Glumly, Jelaqua realized that Erin had enabled unique market conditions where someone living near Celum could, for a nominal fee and far less effort, get ahold of a magical item. Which was normally great—except when the adventurers could have really used the magic.
“We’ll be fine. I’m working on a plan, and I’ve told everyone we are not charging into the monsters. Hop on.”
Ceria assured the Selphid, and the two teams loaded up. Jelaqua looked around, but no other team joined them. She sat there, staring ahead blankly as Pisces trotted the wagon out of the gates.
“I feel like I’ll betray my age if I say something like, ‘when I was a Silver-rank adventurer, any decent team would go and fight’. I’m fifty-eight years old.”
“Well, you’re younger than me. Go ahead and say it.”
The [Cryomancer] leaned back, and Jelaqua tried to smile. She gazed around and sighed.
“Nah. Even in Baleros, it’s risk-reward all the way down. And this…I’ve packed the Raskghar bodies. Frankly, if Ulinde and I burn through them, it’ll just make the Gnolls happier. But I don’t want to lose anyone or even come close. Not for this. It’s a shame to say, but we’ve had too many close calls, Ceria. No Village of the Dead, but I have to go.”
She glanced sideways, hoping the half-Elf wouldn’t castigate her, but Ceria just nodded, eyes sharp.
“Trust me, Jelaqua. I understand. After Chandrar—I have a plan. I’ll lay it on you as we go. No gambling with lives. I just hope there’s more [Soldiers] or the most we’ll be able to do is slow down breakaway packs.”
Jelaqua nodded and sat up, and Ceria offered her some of Erin’s new mana candies for the road. They were eating and talking when they spotted a group of Gnolls on horseback and another wagon headed west. Pisces’ horses didn’t tire, so they caught up to practically the only travellers headed this way. Already, Ceria could see a flow towards Invrisil.
And these are just people worried about the monsters. Not in the line of traffic. They’d be going as fast as they could all day and night. She estimated they’d get there in about three days—faster now that Nailren’s party trotted over and offered to join the expedition. That was about how much time Orefell had too.
The adventurers crammed over, and Ceria met with Spoken Vow, a team of five, who looked slightly intimidated, slightly competitive when they were introduced to the Horns. She shook hands with their leader, a decent [Warrior] with a tower shield named Mickey the Moored, much to Moore’s vague amusement. A self-trained [Hedge Mage] who had learned how to throw flaming sparks, a [Trick-Shot Archer], and a [Dual Slingshot Skirmisher].
A Gold-rank team. Oh, and their last member was a new rookie who had made Gold-rank on her own. A [Knife Fighter]. Ceria gave her a second look, and Seborn whispered.
“Typhenous’ kind.”
“Ah.”
