9.12
Page 39
The [Banner Commander] was calling them. But—he was not the only clever person who saw an opportunity. Peki whirled, looking at the scrying orb on delay. She looked at the chanting Beriad, Calruz’s expression of pain and awe. Then she seized Olesm.
“I enlist in Liscor’s army. Okay?”
“What? Wh—I accept.”
Olesm took one look at the Garuda, and his eyes flickered. He pointed.
“Battalion 6! Commanding officer—Peki, whatever your last name is!”
“Peki of Pomle! [Drop Strike Lieutenant]! Last names are stup—”
The Garuda charged across the ground as the Antinium looked up. Merrik shouted.
“Peki!”
Then she vanished. Along with a hundred Antinium.
 
——
 
They appeared in battle, ready. Like thunder. Like a roar of voices, unheard.
Antherr saw them. He was stomping, his bandaged arms raised as he lifted a blade he’d seized from the Gnolls. Termin and the other Human were watching him, but the Soldier was screaming silently at the sky.
The [Immortal] was shouting.
Me! Take me too! His Battalion appeared in a blaze, facing the Gargoyles and Eater Goats.
But Antherr did not. He felt the pull—and then it failed.
He was too far away. Perhaps he was separated from his company. Perhaps Artur wasn’t that strong. All the Antinium could do was watch.
 
——
 
Once again, they appeared.
Though it was not water and mud rushing through their feet. Though it was monsters instead of Gnolls and Drakes—the Beriad cared not.
What did Minotaurs see? A hundred Antinium stomping and raising their blades. Fearless, a Garuda taking wing and surveying the battlefield so she could tell the Titan—what it was like to lead Antinium.
The Beriad pushed past the low-level [Crusaders]. Antinium were knocked aside, kindly, by striding [Juggernauts] and [Warriors of Honor]. Their leader pointed, and a Gargoyle Bossel howled.
A single Antinium with a greatsword charged, but not even Crusader 57 was so mad. The other Beriad stood back as a Bossel pounded towards him.
Madness. Honor? The first cut was thrown back by a shield, and the Bossel struck the Antinium [Honorguard] like a hammer. Armor tore, and the Antinium cut back, dodging another blow. He hacked into the leg—the Gargoyle crushed his shoulder. One of his arms went limp, but he had three more.
He was half the size of the Bossel, and it brought down the axe, crushing part of the Antinium’s head. The Beriad watched as the Antinium swung the greatsword once. It bit into a leg, and the Gargoyle brought the axe down again.
Then a second Antinium strode forwards with a greathammer. The Gargoyle whirled and spat shards of stone that lodged in gauntlets as the Antinium shielded its face. Again, that axe swung down—and the greathammer knocked it aside.
A Skill. The hammer came down and crushed a foot. The Bossel screamed, and the Antinium followed it up with another blow—then went stumbling backwards as a strike caved in part of his chest. He strode forwards, bleeding, and struck the knee again.
Then the Gargoyle fell. It clawed at the ground, raising a shield to defend itself, and saw the Antinium—waiting. The Gargoyle tensed—lunged—and a hammer struck the Bossel’s face.
The Beriad watched as the Bossel went still. Then another warrior faced down a Gargoyle. An Antinium swung a battleaxe up as he pointed at a Gargoyle who answered the challenge with a shriek.
They were fighting like Minotaurs engaging in honor-duels! To anyone who understood what they were seeing—
Peki landed and scream-shouted at the Beriad.
“Stop!”
They looked at her, offended as she pointed.
“Stop fighting one-on-one! Kill and take them down!”
“Not honorable.”
