9.12
Page 5
The Horns of Hammerad were arranging transit to Orefell outside of Invrisil when the Halfseekers arrived. Captain Jelaqua Ivirith, pale-skinned in her dead Human body, was tying something to her belt when she called out.
“Ceria! There you are. Mind if we ride along?”
Ceria Springwalker turned and laughed when she saw the Halfseekers.
“Jelaqua! I thought we were the only ones crazy enough to join in. What’s wrong with your team? Don’t you have Maughin to hold you back?”
The Selphid’s smile was crooked, and she looked less relaxed than some times. Her team, accordingly, looked grimmer. Moore almost seemed to have reverted backwards; he barely nodded to Ksmvr, who was patting some horses on their heads as he came to a halt. Seborn was checking and rechecking his blades, and Ulinde shyly nodded to Pisces.
“Ah, well, we thought about it. It wasn’t Maughin—it was hearing the people begging for help on the scrying orb. Orefell will never evacuate in time. We’re not looking to fight that horde, but Maughin understood; the Halfseekers couldn’t sit in Pallass. You felt the same way?”
Ceria hesitated and glanced at her teammates. Yvlon was stretching her metal arms, and she nodded to Moore’s new set of armor, courtesy of Maughin. She clasped Seborn’s hand, and Ksmvr turned as a wagon was brought out and, surprisingly, unhitched.
“Sure. I mean, of course. It’s all heroic nonsense over here. Yvlon was raring to go, and we had a discussion, and I said we’d die, but we’re going.”
She mimed slitting her throat, and Jelaqua laughed. Unconsciously, she patted the object hanging on her side.
It was a little hammer, so fresh it was still tinged blue from the forge fires. Ceria glanced at it, and Jelaqua explained.
“Lucky charm. For [Lovers]. Which I am.”
“Ooh. Want to play cards tonight?”
It was light banter, and both Gold-rank Captains glanced around and noticed they had a few eyes on them. Jelaqua called out to a group skulking in the distance, a few sheathed blades prominent alongside their armor.
“Any of you fancy on coming with? There’s plenty of room, and we can always get another wagon!”
At her words, the group started and then backed up. Ceria’s eyes followed them. Jelaqua glanced at her.
“Who was that?”
“Some Silver-rank team. I can count how many are going to Orefell on one hand.”
She raised four fingers, and Jelaqua raised her brows.
“Who’re the other two?”
“The Pride of Kelia and a Gold-rank team. Spoken Vow. Ever heard of them?”
Jelaqua had a vague inkling.
“Some mixed-group team, fairly new. Decent. Good on the Pride. Is Nailren still heading it? I’m disappointed the Wings and Flamewardens aren’t coming.”
For answer, the half-Elf shrugged.
“The Wings were really interested in the new lands, so they might be tied up in negotiations for a scouting gig. Plus, they were down a member, remember? As for the Flamewardens…Keldrass’ heavy armor doesn’t move fast. Even if he has the Heartflame Breastplate, I don’t think they want to outrun Eater Goats.”
Her analysis sombered Jelaqua further, and it wasn’t like she’d come dancing out of Maughin’s bed.
“True. We can’t fight them en-masse without an escape route. Maybe we should buy some of those [Lesser Teleport] scrolls…how long are you waiting?”
Ceria turned and jerked a thumb at the wagon. The horses had been unhitched, and the [Stablehand] was asking Ksmvr for an autograph.
“We were about to go, but we’ll wait. Pisces was just conjuring our ride.”
