9.12
Page 16
Five Gold-rank teams and less than three thousand full [Soldiers] spent a sleepless night in Orefell facing a horde of monsters. When they rose, they had the task of combatting a horde of monsters greater in numbers, and the most appetizing target on the road were trying to flee a horde of monsters with possessions on their backs slowing every damn step.
Those were the stakes, and those were the odds. But by dawn, at least there was some hope. After all—even if she wasn’t here, Erin had sent all she could.
A <Quest>, her hopes and feelings, whatever that was worth, and something far more tangible.
A [Boon].
 
——
 
She had only one. But with Lyonette? It made two. When Ceria woke up, Gershal of Vaunt was shouting across their localized speaking stones.
“The horde is visible in the distance! Adventurer Nailren says it has not spread out much—we have reinforcements from the north and east and south all claiming to have arrived but none in sight. Adventurers, is everyone prepared?”
“Hold on, Lieutenant—we have a situation.”
“What kind of—”
“A good one! Dead gods! Tree rot! Fortress Beavers!”
Ceria ran out of exclamations. She stared at a member of her team who had been given a boon from the [Innkeeper]. Because Erin wouldn’t let her friends go into danger without doing everything she could.
However, her boon was a Skill seldom used even by herself. Erin had no idea how it worked except in one specific case. So she had needed to choose both a recipient and a guest who had visited her inn. Who had she chosen?
The most hilarious combo possible, that was who. There he stood, in front of the other awed adventurers. His robes blew around him, rippling in the wind as it ruffled Pisces Jealnet’s hair. When he stood with one foot propped up on a chair, he looked like he could be standing in some portrait of a hero upon a quest, a windswept background behind him.
In this case, the wind kept blowing despite Pisces’ clear chagrin at Jelaqua laughing herself sick. [Boon of the Guest]! And who had been the guest?
Ryoka Griffin. Pisces was red-faced as Ksmvr felt at the winds with delight.
“I can’t make it stop! It’s like a wind familiar. See?”
He pointed to a cup where his breakfast plate lay spinning in a circle, and the wind tried to pick the cup up. But it was so clumsy Pisces ducked as a spray of liquid flew past him.
“That is the most useless Skill ever!”
Ceria laughed. Yvlon shook her head.
“There has to be some utility. Pisces, I’ll try to punch you. Stop me.”
“What? No, not you, Yvlon. Anyone but—”
Pisces backed up and threw up a hand as she raised one metal arm, but before he could even summon the wind, a jet blast suddenly kicked Yvlon off her feet. She landed, somewhat stunned, and blinked up at Ylawes as he raised his shield reflexively.
“Automatic wind protection? Nice! Does it do it twice?”
Ceria threw a mug at Pisces. He ducked it with a glower, and she supposed it only worked every so often. He shifted from foot-to-foot uneasily.
“I do not care for this at all. I find it makes me a larger target and—I have the strangest itching in my feet. I feel like I should be jogging a lap around the city. And my shoes are too tight.”
He stared down at his shoes, which, hither-to, he had never bothered to worry about aside from making sure they had no holes in them. Ceria’s lips twitched.
“Are you saying you want to go barefoot?”
Pisces’ head snapped up.
“Absolutely not! Yes. And I feel like I can sense minute currents of air, for the useless ability that it is. For instance, Miss Falene just passed wind.”
