9.12
Page 48
The Free Antinium were all getting a share of the rewards, so only a handful of coins popped out of the air, or a few objects per Antinium. But again—sometimes—something clearly unusual appeared, like a glowing gem that bounced off a Worker’s head. Ceria stared around and then down at her rewards.
She had gotten quite a good amount of gold, given her contributions, so she wondered how it was divided up. But—if she glanced at the lucky Gershal, swearing and exclaiming as Pisces and Falene told him not to touch the sword until appraised, the celebrating people, the Goblins and Antinium, she slowly picked up one of the coins in the pile at her feet amidst the mud and gore.
On a hunch, Ceria bit into it, and the slightly off-gold dented a bit, revealing a brassy surface underneath. Ceria stared at the fake coin and sighed.
“Predictable.”
Then she put her arms around Pisces and Yvlon’s shoulders as Ksmvr peered at the [Crusaders] and they peered back. As Rags and Artur and a few Antinium met the wide-eyed [Governor] of Orefell, and the civilians looked upon their rescuers with the rest of the world. In the chaotic moment, Gershal of Vaunt slowly unwrapped a piece of brie and looked around surreptitiously.
“…Is anyone hungry?”
 
 
 
 
Author’s Notes: I did this in two days. Not three.
I would like you to understand my writing process. I have, in the past, remarked that I now write over the course of three days. It used to be one and frankly, the more time I have for a chapter, the better.
This was done in two days. I wrote more, and faster, and I hope, better, than average. But I did it to a reason.
I am hoping to cut (most) chapters shorter so I have one day to work on Volume 1 revisions. This may not work, or it may temporarily lower the quality or length of the chapters, but my goal has been getting Volume 1 done by Christmas of this year. To avoid this rewrite taking ages, I need to sacrifice something.
Well, this chapter is done and I had it planned for a while, which was why it came out more speedily. Was it done well? I hope you enjoyed this changing world and yes…a lot is going to happen.
As ever. Thanks for reading and I will, if successful, append any finished chapters to the rewrite pages, but I’ll just mention them every time. Let’s see if this works. Thanks for reading!
 
Face-Eater Moth by LeChatDemon!


DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/demoniccriminal
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/lechatdemon
Stash with all the TWI related art: https://sta.sh/222s6jxhlt0



 
Garuda by Adventurer!

 
Bells by QtheBird!
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/q_thebird
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/quintenthebird

 

