9.12
Page 28
[Templar]. Finally, Artur himself stepped forwards. The six Antinium looked at each other with uncertainty. The [Templar] with a voice rumbled, and it was a glorious voice. Not like the other Antinium’s staccato tones. He had wanted a voice like Sir Relz, something with tones where you could roll and project each word, savoring it like butter.
Perhaps not even Yellow Splatters had such a fine voice, because this went beyond even the Free Queen’s ability to shape flesh.
“Strategos Olesm is not present. Nor is Strategist Belgrade. We are without leadership. Commanders Tersk and Dekass are equally absent.”
The other Antinium nodded. Artur checked his [Message] scroll.
“We are not on-duty. Liscor’s army is not moving to intercept the monsters. This is not a Liscorian affair. Therefore, it is almost certain none of our forces will move to combat the monsters unless they reach Celum.”
And by that point, at least a week or two would have passed, and cities would lie burning. The [Crusaders] felt it, but they were bound by a number of factors.
“We are off-duty.”
Embraim pointed out carefully. Artur hesitated.
“We are. But I feel a calling. It is not…Heaven. I wish Zimrah were here. Perhaps Pawn may explain what I am feeling. It is not a calling of my class. It is a calling of my intention. I wish to go.”
The other [Crusaders] nodded. Artur was a [Soldier] more than he was a [Crusader]. Those who had become [Templars], or [Priests] like Zimrah, had a different role. They felt it too, though. Not quite like a prayer. More like a desire.
They wanted to go. But they were part of Liscor’s army. However, at this point, as the Antinium had done before, [Battalion Leader] Embraim spoke again.
“We are off-duty.”
Artur was about to repeat himself when he noted how Embraim emphasized that. Glory Battalion’s leader had no handy book on Liscor’s army’s regulations to follow, but they had all memorized all the standing orders.
Let’s see. Don’t cause trouble off-duty. Conduct yourselves as members of Liscor’s army…report back at your muster times…
There wasn’t anything about conducting military operations. Obviously, it was assumed that everyone understood not starting a war was part of it, and Olesm had mentioned refraining from brawling with Pallass’ [Soldiers] and entanglements with Human cities.
…But nothing about monsters. Artur put together what Embraim was hinting at along with the others. [Sergeant] Crusader 224-5 spoke cautiously.
“[Crusaders] present in the city number three hundred and twelve off-duty. Far too few.”
This was also true. The Antinium hesitated. They didn’t want to die. Or rather, die to no end. Heaven called them, but here was pretty nice too. And they had to watch each other’s backs.
Their answer came as the new guests of Erin’s inn saw another member of the inn strolling along the plaza. Well, strolling implied he was happy.
“Normen, you aren’t going to the High Passes. Put it out of your head.”
Alcaz and Normen were walking along. They stopped when they saw the large group of Antinium, but Alcaz tipped his hat, and the Antinium nodded and stepped aside. A number of Brothers were walking with Normen. It was Alcaz and Normen, the two former members of the gang, who were talking.
“Explain to me why not, Alcaz? I’m a [Knight]. By rights, this is the sort of thing a fellow does.”
Normen was adjusting his clothing, but he had not the plate armor promised from Mrell yet. And while he had a sword that Lyonette had bought for training—
