9.12
Page 40
A Worker offered her haughtily. The Garuda gave him a tilt of the head and spoke like she was talking to Venaz.
“Honorable is letting your friends die? Follow me and kill everything with tactics!”
The Beriad hesitated and saw the embattled [Crusaders] falling. Without a word, they abandoned their duels, and Peki found herself commanding Antinium.
She didn’t know what it would be like. Would they even follow orders? She had to know. The [Lieutenant] pointed a fist.
“Follow in a wedge! [Unit: Thunder Punch].”
She leapt across the ground as she activated a Skill. A free Skill. Did they know how to use it? Would they—?
The Garuda looked back, and every Antinium was charging after her. She pounded out of the fighting and ran in a curving arc. Like they had been drilling this for a month, the Antinium followed. They hit the side of the monsters, and Peki leapt up.
“[Half-Giant’s Launch Kick]!”
A Gargoyle went tumbling over Eater Goats, and the [Martial Artist] kicked an Eater Goat’s skull in. She shouted.
“Keep moving! There, there—”
She pointed, and two more wedges pierced in from alternate angles. The Garuda was astonished, but she couldn’t have realized how obvious her commands were. Not her voice, but the way she gestured. Intuitively, like a [Martial Artist], something Antinium could read perfectly.
 
——
 
The Beriad followed Peki into battle, swinging with such force they cleared everything around them. On the other side, Battalion 1 was stabilizing the battle as adventurers broke away from their spots to reinforce this weaker area.
The Antinium crusade was turning the odds towards victory. But as Battalion 1, Battalion 8, and the Beriad entered the fray like thunder, a curious thing happened among the rest of the crusade.
The Antinium’s momentum and morale—faltered. The new [Crusaders], still Level 1 or 2 at most, looked up, and their fighting slowed, because they were too busy watching.
The [Templars] were fighting in a knot, surrounded by monsters and warded by faith. Some were physically taller than any other Antinium, but only by a foot at most. Yet it seemed like a hundred feet.
They looked like Giants. The ordinary Workers and Soldiers gazed at the fearless Antinium, and they had not seen how the grinding brutality of war struck sparks of courage and sacrifice. How faith made commonplace heroes out of lowly insects like them.
Even he, Embraim, understood. Crusader 802, Battalion 8. He looked at the Soldiers and Workers, then to the distant [Templars]. The fearless Beriad. Battalion 1, from whom had come the legendary Crusader 51.
He did not feel able to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with them. He felt short. His spear felt heavy, and his shell fragile, a bare layer over thin blood in his body.
Faith took some of the crusade like a magical hurricane, sweeping them forwards over their foes. Not so for mortal Antinium. How could they ever aspire to be that?
Yet he was a [Soldier]. He had seen Manus break. Now, Embraim saw mortal men and women, like him, rallying for the charge.
“To the rear! I will split their lines or I will plant our banners where I fall!”
The [Brigadier], amidst all this chaos, was riding across the rear of the monster horde. She had fought through the screaming goats, and even now, she was performing pure strategy. She deserved backup.
Battalion 8’s veterans had taken several hundred Antinium Soldiers and Workers and moved to Artur’s flanking spot. They were advancing, but the hypnotic battle ahead was making the Antinium’s famously unbreakable will—falter.
