9.12
Page 14
Sir. Gershal looked at Pisces with relief, and at this point, the [Necromancer]’s fragile ego forced his tongue into saying something stupid as usual. He sniffed.
“I am, ah, a [Necromancer], you know, Lieutenant Gershal. I might save your thanks. I fear you might be sullied by association.”
To that, the man gave Pisces the blankest of looks.
“I know that, Adventurer Pisces. But you also went into the Village of the Dead. If there was ever a time for a [Necromancer]…”
He left Pisces with his mouth slightly open. The [Necromancer] looked at Yvlon, but it was Ksmvr who put a hand on his shoulder.
“You have become widely accepted, Comrade Pisces. I am glad, although you must not let other people assert dominance over you so easily.”
His mandibles lifted and opened. Pisces was glad someone could smile about all this. But the more he saw of Orefell, the more he agreed with Gershal’s sudden decision to evacuate more.
This city was not in a good place.
 
——
 
Low-level soldiers. Sparse reinforcements and a magnification, nay, an awareness of how they were on the chopping block since no great armies had come to save them.
That saw Orefell emptying at an increasing rate over the course of the day. The Horns were a single line in the sand, and they were doing calculations on how much weight the Gold-rank adventurers might have to pull.
“Let’s say there’s only a thousand Gargoyles.”
The leader of Spoken Vow spat out their biscuit. Ceria went on as another Gold-rank team Captain nervously did figures with her. The Pact’s leader was a tall man, with, of all things, a bit of Gnollish heritage. It made him almost as hairy as Nailren, albeit only where he should have hair naturally, and the Gnoll had smiled.
For about five minutes until the teams had gathered for a recce. They had a few local Silver and Bronze-ranks, but most had fled. The ones who had come and might come were only here because of…
The quest. That darned Erin Solstice. Ceria smiled ruefully. She shifted from foot-to-foot and kept glancing sidelong at the <Quest> posted to the empty Adventurer’s Guild, which a [Receptionist] was updating with new figures every few seconds.
Even when she was gone…Ceria went on.
“Let’s say the soldiers can handle half or stall them. And let’s say there are only two thousand Eater Goats.”
“There are more.”
Nailren spoke flatly. He was a [Ranger], and Ceria nodded to him.
“Let’s say there are for the sake of easy numbers. That’s 500 Gargoyles, 1000 Eater Goats. We have, with all our adventurers combined, around maybe fifty decent fighters. Gold and Silver. So each one of us takes on five Gargoyles and ten Eater Goats.”
Silence. After a second, Spoken Vow’s leader Mickey laughed nervously.
“I…I can handle ten Eater Goats if they don’t all jump me at once. Hell, all ten at the same time. Five Gargoyles, by myself?”
“That’s reductionist, Ceria. We never fight alone. Hold them, stall them, break them at choke points. We have to do it. I say that if we hold Orefell, we fight building-to-building. Once the walls fall—we barely try to hold them. Let the monsters have them; we should blockade streets, force them into coming after us. Then we hole up in a defensive spot. The mines.”
Jelaqua looked tired as she leaned over a map of the city. Ceria nodded. She had done that math as a point.
“And if they evacuate?”
“We try to stall as many as we can while everyone runs.”
“They’ll catch the civilians eventually. Eater Goats don’t stop runnin’. I’ve seen it happen.”
