9.13
Page 40
“I will tell Merrik I met you all. He was crying. Which is why I came.”
Rlint actually laughed at that.
“Tell him to visit, and we’ll all buy him a round! Dwarfhalls Rest will be sending Dwarfsteel before winter’s first snows, my oath on it! All of you are welcome to visit!”
“And you to visit Liscor! Or Invrisil or Celum—it’s all connected. Just mention you met us at The Wandering Inn, and I promise you, you’ll get a warm welcome and a free meal.”
Jelaqua grinned, and the Dwarves looked up. Rlint’s gaze sharpened.
“Ah, there’s a name I’ve heard. I promise we’ll do that. For now—Adventurer Dawil, an honor. Get that axe looked at by Master Pelt. If anyone can mend it—it’s him. Otherwise, you may need to go home.”
“That I know.”
Dawil spoke solemnly, and all the Dwarves filed past him. Pisces was curious because he knew the axe they meant, but Rlint just shook his head.
“A sign of the times. Not your fault. But a sign…well, you are a Gold-rank adventurer. You’ve earned a meeting and a tale. Grandfathers’ blessings on all.”
Then, one more round of handshakes and they were marching off.
“Poor bastards. They came, fought for Orefell, and now they’re leaving without so much as a wagonload of jade. Dwarves are too nice. I’m gonna cry.”
Jelaqua was quieter than Ceria. She produced a handkerchief and blew her nose into it.
“Did someone offer…?”
Pisces wasn’t sure if they’d missed their opportunity, but Dawil walked over, hands in his pockets.
“Nah, they refused it outright. It’s a bit of politics; shows they want to be good neighbors. But the rest is pride. They can call every Dwarf who fell here a hero who went without reward to fight the monsters. They’ll go home upon the shields. But yes. Thanks for helping, Jelaqua.”
“Don’t mention it. At least we gave them some of the skins.”
That caught Pisces’ ears.
“Skins?”
“Gargoyle hide.”
Jelaqua clarified. She pointed over to the battlefield where the insects and carrion had finally descended, and Pisces saw Humans with masks, Antinium, and Goblins all performing the nasty task of working with rotting flesh.
“A bunch of Bossel hides. That’s the toughest of the lot. It might still lose to Dwarfsteel, but it’ll be a bit lighter, and they know how to tan it. So do the Goblins.”
Pisces knew each monster had its value, and while the Eater Goats weren’t worth much aside from their teeth and hides like regular goats, Bossels and Gargoyles had hide that made armor better than leather.
Speaking of which, it seemed like Orefell was reclaiming some of its losses from the Gargoyles. They left the flesh alone, and the bones, but the hides were being carted to Orefell for tanning. Though it’d be a high-level [Tailor] or [Armorer] who could work it.
That gave Pisces a thought. Amidst the falling night, he gazed at the battlefield and stared at all those…bones.
Lovely bones. In fact, Gargoyle bones, which were notoriously tough. Pisces had always suffered from a lack of good bones. The Mothbears were still a mainstay of his collection, and he’d left an entire Warbear with his Skeleton Lord back on Chandrar.
They were still active. But Gargoyle bones? Pisces glanced around innocently, then two things happened.
The first was that someone spoke in his head. A telepathic voice of a great, dangerous being that made goosebumps ripple down Pisces’ spine.
The second was that someone spoke out loud. A shivering shout coming from the north of outrage, malice, and fury.
The Necromancer, Az’kerash, spoke to Pisces alone.
“Young Pisces. I have seen your battle against the monsters of the High Passes. You have done well.”
