9.13
Page 25
Oh, how we have fallen. If only she had the knowledge to make real Antinium of old. They would sweep this continent in a year. So she waited, telling Xeu to steal a valuable Antinium for her. All she needed was one or two.
 
——
 
By contrast, the Silent Queen’s sulking and the Grand Queen’s paranoia seemed wrong to the Flying Queen. She was excited.
“This is unprecedented. A crusade in the north? These new abilities. I wish to learn them. But why did you authorize this? Pivr? Speak to me, Pivr?”
She was so excited the words spilled over her private speaking stone with him. Xrn had told her it was ‘warded’, so the Flying Queen had no fear of eavesdropping.
“My Queen, this was an issue of command. I was not aware of the Crusade. The Grand Queen was unhappy, but I believed it was a way to endear myself to the other Antinium.”
Pivr was anxious, but he needn’t have been. Her greatest creation could do nothing wrong. The Flying Queen assured him airily of this fact.
“The Grand Queen is always upset, Pivr. Fear not. This is clearly a net benefit. Let the other Queens complain. The Grand Queen and I see the value; even the Twisted Queen. 4-2 majority, dissent to approval. Clear benefits for Antinium. Can you manifest these healing abilities?”
“No, my Queen, but my stay in Liscor has had many benefits. I have two friends among the Humans.”
“Friends. Fascinating, fascinating. How much combat potential do friends have? Will they fight for the Flying Antinium?”
Imagine it! Irregular Humans or Drakes serving alongside Flying Antinium! The Flying Queen grew excited, but Pivr’s cautionary tones tempered her. He was always the voice of reason to her high-flying ideals.
“I do not know if they will leave Liscor or betray their Hives, my Queen. They are simply…nice to have.”
“I see, I see. Emotional benefits, and you are levelling?”
“Yes, my Queen.”
“Then your visit to Liscor is a great positive. So. When will you return? Tomorrow?”
She was excited to have him back and to implement his lessons in the Hive. But Pivr hesitated. His enthusiastic tone, oddly, became somewhat subdued.
“T-tomorrow, my Queen?”
“Of course! You have been gone months, Pivr. I am anxious to have you back. Two days?”
The Revalantor was silent a while.
“I…but Alcaz and Normen…I cannot take them to the Flying Hive.”
“Why not? Oh, they will not go? That is too bad, but we shall procure more ‘friends’ at a later date, Pivr.”
The Flying Queen waved this off, but Pivr’s hesitation grew longer.
“Yes. I imagine this is the case. So you wish to have me back instantly, Flying Queen? I ask purely so I know your will.”
He was so precise. The Flying Queen sighed and rubbed her mandibles together, but happily, as her Hive buzzed around her. Some of the other Prognugators listened in, fanning their wings as she spoke.
“Understandable! Yes, Pivr. It is my will that you ret—”
She heard a loud crkching sound on the other end and paused.
“Pivr, what was that?”
His voice came through, sounding confused.
“My Queen, what are you talk—crkch—crkch—did you hear that, my Queen?”
The Flying Queen was surprised—and confused. She had never heard this in the speaking stone before.
“I hear it too, Pivr. What is that sound?”
“I—crkch—don’t know, my Queen. It may be interference. Some magical activity?”
“Odd. Well, Pivr. I was saying—”
The sound grew louder, and the Flying Queen actually held the speaking stone away from her head.
“Pivr, can you hear me?”
“—crkch—can’t hear—krchch—will talk to you tomorrow—”
“Pivr, I would like you to return! Pivr? Hello?”
