9.13
Page 37
“Each time Liscor’s army has marched, it traditionally sends back the spoils of a large campaign to the city.”
“You mean…Liscor’s mercenary army?”
Yvlon’s mouth opened, and Pisces snorted. Ksmvr just nodded seriously.
“Commander Artur has claimed that as he is an officer of Liscor’s army, he is technically Liscor’s army as the Antinium have been accepted as a fighting force of Liscor. He…hopes that will prevent their censure.”
Antinium logic. It might even work. Pisces just wondered why Magnolia Reinhart of all people was being so helpful. Then he wondered if Erin had anything to do with this.
Then, Magnolia Reinhart came their way, and the [Necromancer] nearly fell into the campfire. The [Assassin] walked over, and Yvlon rose, and Ksmvr poked Ceria awake as the half-Elf rolled out of her sleeping bags.
“Wh—is it time to eat? Magnolia Reinhart?”
“Hello, Horns of Hammerad! Ksmvr—am I pronouncing that right?—Pisces, Ceria, and dear niece Yvlon! It has been a while! You’ve grown up. And you, dear child, your arms! You should have told me you were in need, but you leveled out of the problem. Classic House Byres. Is Ylawes avoiding me? I thought I saw him running to the side.”
“Aunt Magnolia?”
Yvlon stuttered. Out of all the people, Magnolia Reinhart had singled out their team! Pisces remembered Ressa collecting Ryoka, but Magnolia Reinhart was now staring at him.
He didn’t like it. He bowed, and Ksmvr copied him as Ceria scratched at her head, then dipped a bow. Yvlon spoke slowly.
“It’s—wonderful to hear your voice, Aunt.”
“Call me Magnolia, Yvlon! And I insist on doing likewise! I must say, it is such a treat to meet such a rising Gold-rank team. Much less to see my little niece as a fine adventurer! If I was in Celum or Invrisil, I would have to have you at my estates. Alas, you might have heard I’m in Oteslia.”
“The entire continent knows.”
Ceria muttered a bit too loudly. Magnolia focused on her, and the half-Elf jumped.
“Pardon me, Miss Springwalker. I know, I made a fuss. I just wanted to introduce myself, especially to Yvlon, and convey my personal thanks for your bravery today. It will not go unnoticed, I promise. Spoken Vow, the Pact, the Halfseekers, and the Silver Swords are all credits to your rank.”
“Thank you, Lady Reinhart.”
Ceria blushed faintly, and Pisces couldn’t help but interject.
“This gratitude would not happen to be material, would it, Lady Reinhart?”
Yvlon kicked him, prompting Ksmvr to do the exact same. Magnolia glanced at Pisces and put a finger to her lips.
“Adventurer Pisces. Rather forwards of you.”
“Er, I apologize for—”
“—Fortunately, forwards befits a Gold-rank adventurer. And you are quite right. How about this? I can’t tell how much of that new <Quest> bounty you were paid, but in honor of your deeds, I will have a word with the Mage’s Guild and Wistram. I believe it’s two thousand gold pieces on your head, Adventurer Pisces? I will have it removed by the end of the week, regardless of the price. I can do nothing about Roshal; they do not bandy words with me, but that bounty will be cleared, and I will have the [Mercenaries] of Izril aware of that fact.”
Pisces blinked and stuttered.
“The—the bounty? You can do that? But it was posted in Terandria and—”
“—And this is Izril and the Five Families hold some sway. I am aware of Wistram’s…shenanigans. Frankly, if Archmage Nailihuaile were still alive, it might be harder, but she is not, and I would like to prove my sincerity. I hope you will remember it if I should be in need of competent service in the future.”
