9.13
Page 41
He sounded almost pleased. On the other hand, the Named-rank Adventurer—who roared so loudly everyone flinched and Jelaqua groaned—was decidedly unhappy.
“GOBLINS.”
The Selphid put two fingers in her ears.
“Oh, dead gods damnit. Who invited him? It’s Merdon!”
“Who?”
Then Pisces realized who it was. The Named-rank adventurer. Crowdcaller Merdon was coming from the north, and he had recognized some old foes.
“—personal congratulations. Did you fare—THE DAMN GOBLINS—Bossels quite handily? I—PREPARE FOR BATTLE!—return to Izril.”
Pisces simultaneously got both people speaking in his ears and heard exactly none of both conversations. He spoke, half to Jelaqua, half to Az’kerash.
“It’s Crowdcaller Merdon! He’s going to attack Rags’ tribe?”
“Crowdcaller Merdon? One second—”
Pisces thought he actually heard the Necromancer get a bit of the operatic voice raging—it sounded like an echo of Merdon’s shouting. So now deafened physically and mentally, Pisces was turning to what might be a bad battle.
Bad, because Merdon was the best person to attack a huge number of people. Even armies feared his voice, and it might have been why he had come to fight the Gargoyles and Eater Goats.
If so, he was two days late. And the Goblins were not a threat. Worse—he might go after the Antinium!
“We have to stop him. Dawil—come on.”
Jelaqua pounded ahead, and Ksmvr followed as the Necromancer spoke testily.
“I see. This is an opportune time. Do you know any [Hush] spells, Necromancer Pisces?”
“Only paltry ones, Archmage. [Silence]—”
Merdon’s next shout blew through the entire spell. Az’kerash’s whisper cut through the voice.
“Yes. A Named-rank adventurer can defeat basic spells. Try this. [Hush].”
And then there was silence. Pisces looked around, rattled. He still heard Merdon’s voice, but dimmed. It wasn’t perfect, but—
“Did you—cast that through me, Archmage Chandler?”
The Necromancer’s voice was amused.
“Hardly. You and I are not linked. I merely cast a long-range spell centered upon your location. Even the Archmages of Wistram can perform this trick.”
He said that as if it were normal, and Pisces suspected Archmage Feor would have to do more than just…speak a spell to have it done so quickly. He dipped his head and hesitated.
He was afraid of Az’kerash. It occurred to Pisces this altercation was the perfect excuse.
“I fear I may be needed elsewhere, Archmage. I, ah, must support my team, and an altercation would be dangerous to all.”
“Hm. Perhaps. Hold one moment. It may not come to that. Named-rank or not, it seems this Crowdcaller does not want to die.”
Pisces hurried in the direction of Merdon and saw the Named Adventurer had stopped screaming—and stopped his assault on Rags’ tribe.
Mostly because he was facing an army of annoyed [Crusaders] who were getting tired of his shouting. The Named-Rank adventurer and his Gold-rank supporters were a tiny knot compared to thousands of Antinium. Even if they thought Merdon was a match for them—he was quailing in the face of someone else.
“Crowdcaller Merdon, you are late, and this shouting is hurting my ears! I have paid you your fee for your efforts, but there is no more fighting to be done. Much less here!”
Magnolia Reinhart’s voice was coming out of her speaking stone as her [Assassin] trotted forwards. A furious adventurer wearing armor strode towards her, and the two embarked in a heated discussion.
“She must have hired him to assault the horde. Predictably, he dragged his feet for what he assumed was a grand entrance and a weakened force. Or perhaps he was simply incapable of moving this fast from Tenbault.”
