9.13
Page 12
Just a long, straight stick. With pieces of carefully-seared meat stuck onto it, amid globs of brie. Globs, running with the heat it had been exposed to. Antinium mandibles were ideally suited for the kebabs which they could tear pieces off of. To add to the entire glorious mess were huge bits of bell-pepper, blackened with char, but no less tasty. In fact—more, because the dish was hot.
Hot. The Antinium Worker tore a bite free and then raised his other hand. It held a mug. Of mead. He took a deep draft of mead, and the frothy, cool beverage was another moment of—clarity.
Now, contrast this to the Antinium’s food in the Hive. They got paste.
Room-temperature paste. Never warm, never cold. Their water was sometimes cold, but often lukewarm. You never needed to worry about starving, but no Antinium ever went back for seconds. The portions were perfectly calculated, but even if they’d been allowed to…no one wanted seconds.
Sometimes the paste was green. Sometimes it was brown. Sometimes it was black or grey. There were bits in it, and it tasted like…like…
The Worker began screaming as he had another bite. He stood, legs spread, waving his other two free arms as he shouted.
“Hot food! HOT FOOD. Beer! Is this what I have been missing? I am never going back to the Hive! Never! Damn the Hive! Damn the Queen and dying there! I am eating hot food! Cheese!? Is this cheese? What is that? Give me that!”
He began running around, snatching more treats and stuffing them into his mouth.
“Dead gods. Crusader 57 is going crazy again. Even for him.”
A few amused [Crusaders] from Battalion 3 were sitting around. They knew what he meant, but a few affected to be more like the other [Soldiers]. They even had begun picking up expressions like ‘dead gods’.
Squad 5 glanced up for a second, and one of their number who was napping sat up.
“Who’s calling my name, asshole? Hey. What’s up with that weirdo?”
Crusader 57, the real Crusader 57, turned and pointed to the Worker running about. The rest of Squad 5 looked at each other.
Oh yes, there were some real changes coming over the new [Crusaders]. Crusader 53 was polishing his mace, and that was no euphemism. He noticed someone was watching him and turned.
A Dwarf waved at him. Crusader 53 hesitated—then waved back. He waited a second, but Dawil stomped over with a mug in hand. The Dwarf hesitated.
“Er—morning to you. Anyone care for a drink? They’re still rolling them out from Orefell’s distillery.”
The Antinium looked around. Crusader 57 sat up with interest, but after a second, Crusader 53 shrugged.
“Fair enough. The name’s Dawil. Silver Swords.”
Oh, the adventurers. The Antinium looked interested as the Dwarf crouched down.
“Would you mind me taking a look at that? What’s your name? Is that a Dragonbone mace?”
Crusader 53 needed one of the other members of Squad 5 to speak for him, but he was quite pleased Dawil had noticed. He let the Dwarf inspect it. Look what I found in battle!
“Dead gods. And I thought that Vaunt fellow had gotten lucky. I, er, don’t suppose you’d consider an offer for this? I could muster a lot of gold up.”
Crusader 53 gently tugged his mace free, and Dawil sighed.
“Yeah, thought so. Here. Want to see my hammer?”
No euphemisms. Yet. But it was true that there were a number of…interesting items that had appeared since the completion of the <Heroic Quest>.
Items and levels. Most of the Antinium had barely known that a quest existed, but if they had, a few things would have made sense.
Like some of the rewards, but especially something that had been part of it being posted.
