9.13
Page 7
Lord Tyrion’s face frosted over, and Ulva Terland nodded thoughtfully. Even the other [Lords] and [Ladies] nodded and began speaking about the battle at the Meeting of Tribes and the new lands. When all was said and done, hating Drakes was something they could get behind. Ryoka exhaled…right until Ulva Terland fixed her with another look.
“So. While it embarrasses me to ask, I fear I have become the poor host. Where do you hail from, Miss Griffin?”
Tyrion Veltras swung his eyes to Ryoka Griffin, and she beamed. Beamed and tensed to run for it—right until a crash was followed by a screaming Sammial running into the room. She had never been happier to see a berserk fencing Golem with a sword in her life.
 
——
 
Politics. You could do that all day. Discuss what it was that made the Antinium tick. Worry, inform yourselves with a weird Courier’s testimony.
But what about the Antinium who were there, in the open?
The crusade. It was dawn, but the camps around Orefell were in a flurry of activity. Some people hadn’t slept. Even now, people were heading back to the city, reclaiming the abandoned buildings, trying to sort out the abandoned belongings, the looted infrastructure.
Even if Orefell had not been sacked by the monsters, the people had done a pretty darn good job. Yet the people were mostly alive.
It was a great victory*. That asterisk was the size of one of the moons, but it was still a victory.
And the biggest victors were arguably the Antinium and Goblins. Because there they were. Separate, watched by the soldiers, targeted by the powers of Izril—but there.
Rags knew it might be disastrous for her tribe, but she had her reasons for being here. Firstly, she had reasoned that at least a few powers like that scary Drake from Pallass knew where she was. The Humans had every reason to hate her after Tenbault, and frankly, if that was so, why not risk this on garnering some goodwill?
Or…playing an angle she’d thought about. Plus, there was the <Quest> to consider. And Erin. And the Antinium were a kind of ally that she had sympathies for.
Mostly? She just hated that damn goat. It was a menace, and if it had only tried to destroy Goblinhome once, well, that was more than enough. The gambit had already paid off in her mind.
In the morning air, Rags took a slow bite from a new concoction made by Calescent as the other Goblins held their breath. Normally, this was an act of huge heroism, but even the [Spice Chef] had changed when he’d heard Erin put out a call for a [Chef] and other Goblins.
Rags had told him, in no uncertain terms, that Erin wouldn’t hire a [Chef] who would burn your mouth off, even with his Skill, [Hot Enough For You]. Now, she bit into a mildly spicy, extremely flavorful…quiche.
It had eggs. Razorbeak eggs, big and luscious, making the batter fluffy. It had cave mushrooms, chopped fine, and seasoned with wild leeks. It had cheese—and it was the cheese that Rags liked.
Oh, this was good! Vaunt had fine cheeses, and whatever Calescent had added with a pinch of his signature death-spice made Rags smile.
“Is good, Chieftain?”
The [Chef] hovered there, his hat in his hands like someone awaiting a panel of judges. For answer, Rags took another bite. The Goblins sighed, and Calescent smiled.
Then he produced a steak quesadilla, cheese, meat, and spices and nearly murdered the poor Goblin who went for it. The other Goblins laughed because one out of the ten had been spiced up. Calescent winked as Rags gave him a long look.
“Is called my ‘death-spice gamble’. One out of ten is super-spicy. Redfangs love. Eat all the time.”
