9.13
Page 45
“What’s going on? Some kind of undead horde?”
The [Sergeant] glanced at Pisces, but the [Necromancer] was wavering. Did he play it off or let those idiots kill some of these soldiers? He was angry, and he realized why.
Az’kerash put it best.
“A [Necromancer] is no monster by definition, but these scavengers threaten to injure brave warriors at rest. They are a disgrace to the class. I am tempted to…rectify their presence.”
That was it. They were causing trouble, raising undead that could hurt or injure people, even if they were Zombies, just to gather their bones. Pisces’ brows snapped together, and he began snapping necks left and right. The undead tumbled down as the [Sergeant] and Crusader 53 stared at Pisces in respect.
“I believe we have a confluence of death magic, [Sergeant]. Permit me…access to your bone pile? I believe I can solve both issues at once.”
What’s the second issue? The [Sergeant] was only too grateful to pull back his forces. Pisces stepped over to the bone pile and busied himself for a second. Then he stepped back and calmly lit the rest of the bones on fire.
It wasn’t hard to get them burning. A sustained [Flame Jet] spell and they began to crackle and smoke. The marrow and other grease lit fast enough. Pisces kept pouring on the flames until the entire pile was alight, and he turned.
That should do it. Their target was gone, and while there were bodies, it was a clear message. He was about to make some excuses and head out when Pisces’ head snapped back around.
“You arrogant, petty little—”
He shouted into the night to the confusion of the Humans and Antinium when something charged out of the darkness. Pisces saw an undead coming straight for him as some enraged [Necromancer] or cabal of them directed a foe at him.
“Pitiful.”
Az’kerash’s voice was filled with disdain. Pisces didn’t know what it was, but he felt an actually dangerous undead coming at high-speed towards him. Something on the level of…a Bone Horror. Maybe with more magic in it, a custom-built undead.
It would have pressed him if he were at the level when he first met Erin, but right now, Pisces was about to throw a [Shatterbolt] and kick the rest of the bones apart with his shoes. He was so angry at whomever these rogue [Necromancers] were because they reminded him of, well…him.
Thoughtless. Greedy. And uncaring for the sacrifice of Vaunt and the Dwarves and the others. Pisces leveled his ring, and then he blinked. He said something at the same time as Az’kerash repeated it in his head.
“A…cat?”
“Cat?”
Pisces saw the undead burst into the firelight as the [Soldiers] cried out. He looked at a loping beast, six feet tall along its arched spine, its skull perfectly configured not to resemble a skull, but the actual features of…a housecat.
A giant bone housecat bared its fangs and leapt towards Pisces. The [Necromancer] blinked, [Flash Stepped] sideways as it whirled, and hesitated.
“No way.”
The animal leapt—and he snapped its neck. The entire bone creation went down, and Pisces stared down at the carefully-shaved bone. The articulated ears. Dead gods, someone had even carved whiskers into the huge head.
“What is that, sir?”
“An…a spontaneous cat undead. Very common in some parts of the world.”
“A what?”
The [Soldiers] gave Pisces a long look, but he bent down and then glanced up into the distance.
 
——
 
The [Necromancers] were throwing a fit. Not only had they lost most of the bones they’d hoped to loot—their best undead was gone.
She was going berserk, and the rest of the cabal hunkered down.
