9.13
Page 38
“Of course, Lady Reinhart! I mean, Aunt—Magnolia. Thank you!”
Yvlon nodded again, and Magnolia smiled and raised a hand.
“I won’t keep you long. I know how tiring it is to deal with the nobility—well, the boring nobility, pardon me, Yvlon. Do remember me to your mother, and tell Ylawes I am not some ravening beast.”
“Except for sugar.”
Who said that? Magnolia looked peeved, and Yvlon choked as the [Maid] leaned over. The [Assassin] bowed, and, giving Pisces a look of long agony behind his masked expression, trotted off to meet someone else.
“Whew. That is one crazy [Lady].”
Ceria exhaled after a moment. Yvlon went to kick her, but the half-Elf skipped out of the way.
“Ceria! She’s got ears everywhere!”
“So? She’s speaking to us. We’re on her list, Yvlon. We just talked with one of the most powerful [Ladies] in the north. She was headhunting us for requests in the future.”
Ceria rubbed at her head, somehow the least astonished of everyone. Pisces blinked. That was what she’d done, wasn’t it? Done them a favor—removed his bounty? Ceria shook her head.
“This is wild. The north’s never going to be the same. Magnolia in bed with Antinium and Goblins?”
“Ceria, I swear to Silver Dragons—”
A peal of laughter came from the scrying orb in the distance, and Ceria actually ducked behind Yvlon. The [Armsmistress] put a warning fist on Ceria’s head.
“Someday, your tongue is going to get you into trouble, Ceria.”
“And your fists don’t?”
Yvlon began to chase Ceria around, and Pisces exhaled. It was becoming night again, and where had the day gone?
Chatting to [Crusaders], watching the news, watching people file back into Orefell and thank him—him!
…And catching up with the other teams. But through it all, the Horns watched Pisces, their friend who had suffered in Roshal. Case in point, even now, while Yvlon chased Ceria into camp, Ksmvr stayed with Pisces. His people were all around him, but he followed Pisces around as the [Necromancer] looked about for someone else to talk to. Perhaps the Dwarves.
“Ksmvr, you can go elsewhere if you wish.”
He turned his head after two minutes of Ksmvr following his steps perfectly, like some game where you copied someone. It was so entertaining that two other Workers and a Goblin had followed Pisces like a living centipede.
“I cannot, Comrade Pisces. If Roshal attacks you, I must kill them. I will not let them grab you again, I promise.”
Pisces turned to look at the [Skirmisher]’s serious face. He halted and patted Ksmvr on the shoulder.
“They won’t attack here, Ksmvr.”
“They could. I should be vigilant.”
“I appreciate it…but you should relax.”
Ksmvr hesitated, then patted Pisces on the head. The [Necromancer] scowled, but lightly.
“Ksmvr, stop that.”
“May I scratch you under the chin?”
“I am not a cat.”
“You may still enjoy it.”
The [Necromancer]’s lips twitched, and then he was off, striding through the crowd. He had, of course, met countless people over the course of the day. The [Brigadier], with her mustache, the [Crusaders], including the one who had Erin’s glory fire. But it was, as always, home which sometimes called to him.
The Dwarves of Deríthal-Vel were packing up to leave. The few hundred that had come had collected their dead, and Pisces’ smile sombered as he saw a cart loaded with bodies. In fact, two adventurers were hanging around, helping the Dwarves load up and prepare their dead.
Selphids. Jelaqua was gently spreading something over a face.
“It’ll keep them. Watch out for carrion, but we can’t do much about death magic. Maybe Pisces can…?”
