9.13
Page 35
“The Tidebreaker? Yes, we know him. Hero of Liscor.”
Hero of Liscor. Magnolia sat back, and Ressa’s brows rose so high that they almost escaped into her hairline. Well now. Was that humbling or did it make her job easier?
Easier, most definitely. Magnolia nodded thoughtfully.
“Well then, I can tell you that I have been an enemy of the Antinium during the First and Second Antinium Wars, but I would like to discuss the affairs of state with this crusade peacefully, without the shackles of history. Would that be acceptable?”
Another moment of palpable confusion before the [Priest] stepped forwards. She—and it sounded like a she—spoke.
“We do not hold grudges for the Antinium Wars, Lady Reinhart. None of us were there. Are you…upset by our presence in the north? We are aware many would be. Already, we have been recalled by the Free Queen to Liscor.”
“And by Revalantor Klbkch. For punishment.”
Embraim broke in, and this time, Magnolia noticed how the four Antinium shifted and looked at each other. This…this was everything she had hoped for.
“Punishment? Oh dear. I understand this crusade was somewhat impromptu, but do not tell me the Antinium who fought to save Orefell from a terrible slaughter are to be punished?”
“Some of us may be declared Aberration. Or removed from command.”
Artur spoke slowly, and from the way all eyes swung to him, it was clear what that was. Magnolia Reinhart’s eyes opened wide. Her lips moved, and she spoke, a touch breathlessly.
“As I understand it, being declared Aberration is somewhat permanent.”
“It will not happen.”
Zimrah spoke up suddenly, and Embraim tried to put a hand over her mandibles. But she slapped it down.
“No one will be Aberration. I refuse.”
“No one.”
The [Templar], Theogrin, nodded, and Magnolia saw Embraim and Artur glance at each other. They were so—unguarded. But this was what Magnolia had expected.
From the outset, the instant Ressa had told her the Antinium were marching, Magnolia had guessed, had hoped none of the Queens had ordered this crusade. The rest of her family, Tyrion, no one saw what this was. The greatest of opportunities.
“Excuse me, Antinium. Am I to understand your crusade was an independent action for which you may well be punished upon your return to the Hive?”
“Yes. This is so. We did not march north to invade, only to stop the monsters. Someone had to. No one else would get there in time.”
Artur replied, and Magnolia Reinhart herself ducked her head.
“It is embarrassingly true. My arrangements would not have made an impact until today—or later. Sadly. The bravery of Brigadier Forount stands at odds with the north’s inaction, and you have my gratitude. Which is why I have come to you with an offer. For your crusade.”
The Antinium stirred. Embraim clacked his mandibles together uneasily, and Artur hesitated.
“We have orders to return at once, Lady Reinhart. With respect—I am a member of Liscor’s Second Army, pending my removal from the ranks. Our loyalties prohibit us from taking actions for House Reinhart.”
She put her trembling fingers together.
“Oh, I understand that more than you would think, Banner Commander. But it has occurred to me that Orefell is not out of danger yet. There are still remnants of the monsters being eliminated, and the city is vulnerable. Why, the potential for undead to rise from the dead monsters is extreme.”
Artur nodded slowly.
“This is true. Yet we have definitive orders.”
