9.13
Page 8
Rags rolled her eyes. But she had to admit, Calescent was in his element here. And why not? The steak quesadilla he’d made? All he’d needed was some pre-prepared, thin dough and a skillet to fry up everything.
The cheese came from Vaunt, who apparently sent their soldiers with tons of their signature food as travel rations. And the meat?
The meat was everywhere. Not that the other species were eating the Gargoyles. However, the Eater Goats had become food, and if some of the Humans were a bit queasy and wary of cross-contamination, the Goblins loved a good goat.
Mind you, everyone was noshing down. Calescent frowned as he hurried over to a skillet where one of his [Cook]-apprentices was about to casserole some meat.
“No. Fry longer.”
“Is good fry! See?”
She showed him some meat that House Veltras’ folk would approve of, but Calescent frowned at it.
“You cook twice as long. Might be bad meat. Goats eat worms and bad stuff.”
It was an odd instinct, but the grumbling Goblin obeyed. Rags herself frowned at Calescent and beckoned him over with a finger.
“You think goats have bad meat?”
He shrugged.
“Feeling.”
She trusted his feelings, so Rags looked around.
“Hey! Poisonbite!”
The officer looked up as she carved at the goats. Rags pointed at her.
“After cutting and getting hides—wash hands. All Goblins wash hands. With soap.”
“Soap?”
The Goblins groaned, but Rags glared, and instantly, a ball of lye soap was produced and grumbling Goblins did as they were told. Ironically, that made Rags’ entire tribe the most hygienic of all the species, because she brooked no arguments.
Even so, the entire event was going to go horribly wrong in time. An unstoppable force could be mitigated with soap and hot water and grilling the meat, but it was still a powerful plague. A plague! A—
Zimrah kept putting her hands on people and curing them. Rags watched the Antinium with fascination, because she had seen her own Ogres working their magic, but she hadn’t ever seen this. She wondered what they’d make of the Antinium [Priest], because her magic was not like theirs, hard-won via mana potions. Zimrah, the Antinium Worker with robes and a censer, just put her hands on an Antinium who felt a bit ‘off’.
“[Cure Ailments]. You are done. Pat, pat.”
She patted the Antinium on the head, and the Soldier trundled away. Zimrah turned and stretched.
“I am getting tired. Artur, I may need to rest. Can you tell Crusader 445-2 to take over? I am unusually…tired.”
The [Banner Commander] walked over.
“You have never been so tired. Most Antinium were not wounded.”
Zimrah nodded, puzzled.
“I know. But I feel exhausted. If someone is hurt, please wake me. Otherwise, I must sleep.”
Artur agreed instantly.
“You have worked enough, Zimrah. A Fortress of Fluff has been prepared there.”
He pointed, and Rags saw the curious mounds where Antinium sat were being made out of pillows and blankets. Zimrah walked over, sat down, and began snoozing.
…For about five minutes. Then she stood up.
“I have leveled four times! Why!?”
To her credit, while Artur hurried over to hear Zimrah’s new levels, this was hardly the only person counter-levelling hard. Rags wandered over, still eating her breakfast, and listened to Zimrah speaking. The thing Rags loved about the Antinium was that they were not private. They didn’t whisper, and she got a perfect earful.
“Level 28! Four levels. This is statistically improbable, Artur.”
“It may be. But you did survive the Void Eater Goat as I believe it was called. Perhaps you are being rewarded for healing all the colds?”
