9.13
Page 6
“When did she say that, Lady Ulva? Because their changes have been very—very recent. The Free Hive has split from the other Hives, and they’re more, oh, personable?”
“Personable. No Antinium I have met has ever so much as spoken.”
Tyrion spoke flatly, his tone of pure disbelief. Ryoka shrugged and tried not to sound annoyed.
“But you didn’t fight them during the First Antinium War, much, did you, Lord Tyrion?”
He shifted in his seat.
“No. House Veltras marched with Magnolia Reinhart, but I did not attend, as we viewed it as largely unnecessary. And in the Second Antinium War, the Goblin King took precedence. However, I have encountered them in battle, and they appeared to be as monstrous and unfeeling as Golems.”
Ulva scowled for the comparison, but Ryoka nodded, hoping she looked understanding.
“Then you might not know, Tyrion, that you fought Antinium Soldiers and very few Workers. Also, they were at war.”
“I fail to understand the distinction, apart from their size.”
Ryoka coughed into one fist.
“…Soldiers can’t speak. I think they’re physically incapable of speaking, Tyrion. Even if they wanted to—most Soldiers never see daylight in their entire lives. They live in their Hives, and only the Free Antinium have let their Antinium up on the surface and mingle with people. They probably find you as alien as you find them.”
Tyrion digested this amidst the titters and murmurs. Ulva Terland’s eyes sharpened.
“I see. And what did you think of these Free Antinium, Ryoka?”
Humanize them. Or well, peoplelize them if you wanted to be more species-inclusive. But the term worked well here. Ryoka took a breath. She had not met many Antinium, not like Erin, and certainly not many Goblins, but she had met a few, and Erin told her stories. She looked around and found her best representative.
“Well—apropos of Cook Garneis, I know an Antinium Worker who apparently operates a kind of bakery. He makes bread, and his name is Garry.”
The nobility gave her to the blankest of looks, then Swey began chortling. And that—was something. Ryoka kept glancing at the crusade in the scrying orb, and Ulva Terland herself passed a hand over a smile as she glanced at the images of the Antinium.
“So you do not find an army of the Antinium worth battling? Or these Goblins?”
Tyrion glanced up, and Ryoka hesitated. Was that the same wretched Goblin who’d tried to mug her? Rags? She almost thought it was. Oh, if Erin were here to be more genuine about it. But Ryoka had her angle, and it might be one that the Five Families found more palatable. She took a breath and looked around.
“Say rather, Lady Ulva, what would be the point? They have killed monsters plaguing Orefell when any relieving armies were too far away to help. Even the Goblins.”
“But they’re monsters, Courier Griffin!”
A [Lord] of Terland sounded scandalized as Tyrion gave Ryoka a blank look. The Courier bared her teeth in a smile. She gazed around the table.
“There are worse things out there than Goblins and Antinium. Believe me. Both belong in the High Passes. If they’re not attacking you—”
She hesitated, then shrugged lightly.
“—do you want to do the Drakes’ job for them? Because I guarantee you, they’d love it if you wiped out both armies.”
Sorry, Erin. And Selys and Relc and every Drake Ryoka knew. But it worked.
