9.13
Page 5
Oh, Golem-lovers. It checked out. Ryoka searched for something to say, and it seemed hard at first blush.
Golems? I too have owned pets. Or—Golems? Yes, I afforded them with the thousands of gold pieces my family has. Golems? You mean, [Slaves]?
No, bad Ryoka. Then the Wind Runner had an interesting thought and actually smiled in reply to Ulva’s question.
“—No Golems where I grew up, Lady Ulva. However, I did quite enjoy building and constructing little—settlements. Toys of my own. I had these tiny interconnected puzzle-pieces which you could configure into anything you wanted. You could build a person, a tree, even a model of a city with them. They were called, oh, Legos. Have you heard of them?”
Ulva’s brows shot upwards, and Ryoka heard, in the back of her mind, an unseen version of Cara O’Sullivan slapping her forehead. But she deployed this idea into Terland’s household like an [Archmage] throwing a Tier 8 spell.
“Legos? What is this?”
Ryoka described the building blocks of a thousand glorious creations and the agony of anyone who stepped on one in the middle of the night. Ulva tapped her finger on the table in urbane amusement.
“What a funny concept. Puzzle pieces with no set puzzle?”
“There are many things you can make, Lady Ulva. I used to have a house or—or castle I’d build because all the pieces were there, but if you had the imagination, you could build anything. Why, people have built actual houses you could walk through. Gently.”
“Fascinating.”
The [Lady] from the House of El murmured, and Ryoka felt a prickle as one of the Terlands whispered with clear interest. Did she have some guilt? Oh yes. Here went another secret of Earth, out Ryoka’s mouth as if she were dispensing them like candy.
—But it worked. Ulva actually asked Ryoka to sketch a model brick so she could see what Ryoka meant by interconnecting. The instant she saw how the socketed molds would click into place, she sighed.
“Ah, like Golem arms into a socket. What a clever idea. And they play with that in Drath?”
“I wouldn’t know about all the islands, Lady Terland. Drath is quite large, even for an archipelago.”
Ryoka replied blandly. Ulva Terland gave Ryoka a brief smile and then nodded. The design was swept away, and she sat back. Ryoka had won some kind of implicit approval; the bodyguard golems took two steps back and stopped holding onto their blades quite as tightly.
“The Antinium. You claim they are not the pervasive threat that should warrant our armies pivoting on them? It is apparent they have developed more types of Antinium of late. Those abilities…strange classes.”
Ryoka smiled, but it was a bit waxy as Tyrion, Etril, and the other nobility looked at her. She hadn’t exactly been happy to see that either. Because unless she missed her guess, that wasn’t just a crusade like [Knights] meant it.
It was an actual damn religious crusade. And they were using abilities of faith. Literal swords popping out of the sky! Healing each other!
Ryoka didn’t have to be a ‘gamer’ to recognize the archetype of a paladin or other holy warrior. Yet she was compelled to speak in the Antinium’s defense.
“I’m aware of their impact on Izril, Lady Ulva, Tyrion. I’ve met them myself. They’re certainly dangerous, and I know my history. However, not every Hive is the same.”
“I had heard the Free Antinium were somewhat different after infesting Liscor. Yet not markedly. Magnolia Reinhart keeps track of them, and she has told me they diverge little from the mold.”
