9.13
Page 21
“The Klbkchhezeim of old would never say that. You have grown weak in spirit as well as body.”
She stared down at him. Then she rotated the staff, and a blade like a guillotine, blue and curved, formed in the air. Klbkch had to—do what? Stab her?
She would not desist nor quit once she saw something. And if he killed her—
The Rite of Anastasis could restore the soul at a cost. Was this Xrn being affected by her wounded mind? Klbkch’s hand closed around the hilt of his sword. Bird cried out as the blue blade poised, and Xrn aimed a finger down at him.
“Klbkch, tell Erin—no, tell the Titan this was all his fault! I knew I should have kept refusing that Skill!”
The blue blade shot downwards, then halted, quivering, a foot from Bird’s face. Klbkch paused mid-lunge, or tried to. Xrn flew sideways, and he swiveled in midair, landed on his feet, and stared at her pointing staff, but neither Centenium moved. They both slowly turned their heads.
“…What was that, Bird?”
Klbkch couldn’t believe what he had just heard. If he had ears, he would have yanked one off or whatever Humans did. It had to be another lie, but…Xrn turned her head sideways, and the light coming out of her head was suddenly blue tinged with pink, wondering and excited.
“…Unitasis Network is a Skill?”
Bird looked between the two Centenium, as confused as they were. He stared at Klbkch, Xrn, as Klbkch strode towards him.
“You can learn the Unitasis Network as a Skill, Bird? Acquire it on a level-up?”
The [Liar] was so confused because he’d used the truth again. Bird’s mandibles opened and closed.
“Well, yes. H-how else are you supposed to do it?”
Klbkch was lost for words. With your head, obviously. It was as intrinsic to True Antinium as breathing. It was like getting a Skill called [I Breathe in Air]. But now that he thought of it…not everyone could breathe Dragonfire like Drakes. Could you, then, get a Skill to mimic that ability?
Could an Antinium gain a Skill that replaced what they’d lost? He felt like a fool, but then he realized this was a lie. After all, Xrn was the only spellcaster that the Antinium had. She’d surely cast—
“—praisal].”
Klbkch heard the whisper from behind him. He turned his head slowly as Bird sat up, and Xrn stared down at Bird. Then she put her hands behind her back, slowly floated downwards, and walked away.
“We will revisit this later. Let us discuss the Crusade now, Klbkchhezeim. What has the Grand Queen said?”
Bird stared at Xrn’s back in pure, furious indignation as Klbkch slowly let him go. He got up and looked around. In the end, he threw a cup at Xrn’s head.
“You big dummy! I hate you! Come on, Thaina, Chesacre. Let us go find Garry.”
 
——
 
Xrn’s change in personality was not lost on Klbkch. Nor anyone else. Her wound, while not fatal, had decreased the Antinium’s war potential as a whole.
That was how much she mattered. And that was how distressing it was for her to abandon her role as the trusted instrument of the Grand Queen’s will.
It distressed the Grand Queen a lot. In fact, this entire affair had changed how each Queen saw their continued existence.
The Free Queen was obnoxiously happy. The Grand Queen knew it was to spite her. She did not believe the Free Queen had no role in this, and if Xrn were still faithfully reporting in, the Grand Queen would have had her investigate the matter and assign punishments.
