9.13
Page 4
No longer. Still, Ulva was the leader of her house without question and sharp enough to call on Ryoka and Tyrion. Ryoka delicately inspected a bit of flank steak and took a nibble.
Lemony. No wonder Lady Buscrei had put some on her plate then pushed the plate away. Although some of the other Terlands were clearly savoring it. No accounting for taste.
Ulva noticed the reactions from Swey and some of House Veltras. She crooked a finger, and Ryoka was amazed by the responsiveness of the serving Golems. One leaned over, and she spoke quietly.
“Order the chef to amend his menu. Find a fresh piece of meat and serve it barely cooked past bloody. Medium rare or rare. No garnishings; provide them on the side. That should satisfy Veltras appetites.”
She glanced up at Ryoka and spoke conversationally.
“The cooking Golem is quite adept, but it must learn each recipe and be tailored to its guests.”
“You have a cooking Golem? Um, Lady Ulva?”
Ryoka saw Tyrion shift slightly. He replied for Ulva.
“A terrifying sight. It has eight arms and can mince foes in every direction at once. It propels itself on a crab-like construction and has no less than five orifices which it can use to rip and tear its opponents apart—”
“For processing food. Mincing garlic. Yes, Cook Garneis—that is his nickname—can be a fearsome sight, but he is well-programmed such that even a little boy who wandered into the kitchen for a midnight snack might only be traumatized as Garneis works around him. So petrified, in fact, that he was only found two hours later in the morning after Garneis prepared an entire feast. Hiding in a cupboard.”
If it was possible, Tyrion turned into even more stone, but a kind of red sandstone. Buscrei chuckled, but Swey just shuddered as if he too had had an experience like that.
Ryoka listened to all this with an increasing sense of…familiarity. And a desire to do something impolite because she knew this. Her family—well, they weren’t a quarter as noble as this gathering, but this was literal landed nobility.
Some old version of her swelled up, about to point out the irresponsibility of owning Golems, comparing it to slavery, or just making a statement about excess. Ryoka kicked it in the head and went the other way.
“With all these Golems, are there many activities for House Terland’s children, Lady Ulva? I have seen Lady Buscrei’s family hunting as a major pastime. What about Terland?”
Ulva leaned on one hand, eyes fixed on Ryoka.
“We are hardly as athletic as House Veltras, if that is what you are asking. Few of the Five Families are. Terland does indeed enjoy tireless, ageless servants. Unlike El, which I understand encourages apprenticeships much like the ships that Wellfar crews, we do tend to certain hobbies. Chess, for instance, was a major pastime when it was first introduced. However, most Terlands can play Kraken’s Poker, Gnollstones, and other such games.”
Ryoka could just imagine someone playing with life-sized chess pieces. Kraken’s Poker was something she knew, but Gnollstones? Ulva went on, nodding to one hallway Sammial had gone down.
“We have an extensive library if you would choose to visit it later, but I find most books our children and folk read have to do with Golems. The building, the shaping—we do not have Illivere’s fine traditions of creation, but it is an obsession. Often with less fruitful results. I have limited the budgets for those wishing to try to those who can successfully create even basic Golems. I wonder, have you similar interests now or as a child? In your home nation?”
