9.13
Page 26
The Flying Queen spoke loudly, but the sound just intensified, and then the speaking stone went dark. The Queen stared blankly at the stone as some of her Prognugators fanned their wings.
“How distressing. Perhaps Xrn’s magic is failing along with her injuries? I will contact Pivr tomorrow to recall him, then. Back to work!”
She clapped her feelers together lightly, and the Hive moved into action. The Flying Queen had faith whatever the issue was would resolve itself, but to her amazement, Pivr could barely speak to her the next day before the interference grew so loud it forced the call to end. Or the day after that. Or…on the third day, she made one of her Prognugators rub their blade-talons together and listened to the sound. Then the Flying Antinium really came home to roost.
But that was a story for later.
 
——
 
The Armored Queen found the crusade good. She found the crusade right. And to her, it proved the logic of her Hive.
They wore her armor, after all. She was a soldier, a poor one, but one of the few who remained in the Antinium’s war, and she had never stopped fighting. That she had trusted in metal over chitin was simply adaptation to a new world.
And it worked. She had summoned Anand the instant she saw the crusade in action. He was fearful she would chastise him for his ‘failures’ with the boats or the crusade. But the Armored Queen saw no failure, and how would it have been his fault, anyways?
“Strategist Anand. How can I, or we, support this effort of the Free Antinium? Higher-quality armor? Weaponry? They must not perish. I will also petition the Free Queen to send representatives to train and inform my Armored Antinium—unless sending my Soldiers and Workers to her is more acceptable?”
He was confused and gratified, as if this action of support was not immediately logical.
“I do not know, Armored Queen. Anything you would give is surely useful; the armor has allowed so many [Crusaders] to survive where they would not, according to Belgrade.”
This pleased the Armored Queen greatly. It was a finer balm than any healing potion for her never fully-healed wounds, self-inflicted by changing her body to lay so many eggs. She bled, but she smiled. Then her mandibles fell.
“If only I could provide enough armor for both Hives. I cannot. Nor can the Armored Hive support this crusade as best it could. Our funds—material, gold—are low.”
This surprised Anand.
“I was led to believe that the Hives had a great surplus of coin and material, Armored Queen.”
She flicked a feeler as she watched the crusade celebrate their victory.
“Other Hives? Yes. The Grand Hive especially. The Armored Hive is, to my knowledge, in possession of the least amount of gold or other values of currency. We have traded and bought through various channels all the knowledge and metal you see here.”
Her wave took in the pounding of distant foundries, the foreign creation of steel and other productions. Anand nodded respectfully as the Armored Queen leaned forwards.
“To my shame, I cannot offer gold if gold is useful. I will acquire more and devote some of it to a stockpile if necessary, but the Armored Hive uses what it intakes.”
She saw little value in acquisition for acquisition’s sake, and she had devised ways to spend all that came into her Hive to benefit the Hives. It was, then, the Armored Queen’s willingness but lack of means that held her back. And Anand saw it. He bowed deeply and looked up at her.
