9.13
Page 28
The rest was easy. They made it so easy. Drakes, Humans, even Gnolls all desired privacy. Money talked. You could bounce a [Message] spell across numerous places, obfuscate its origins, and Xrn had helped the Twisted Queen with that.
So the arm stayed on the little wooden chair as the Twisted Queen sat there, listening and watching something on a scrying orb. Now and then, the arm would raise and hold that little sign up. A sign with a number, whereupon someone would shout.
“—teen thousand gold! Going once to 43, going twice to bidder 43—seventeen thousand gold!”
“Hm. Damn. Do not get in the way, Wrymvr. I am being outbid.”
The Twisted Queen’s thoughts were as complicated and as beautifully ornate as her speech was not. The same for Wrymvr, who thought-replied in equally amused terms.
“The adventurers’ gear from the Village of the Dead? Buy that scroll.”
“I am trying. Everyone wants it.”
The Twisted Queen was peeved. There were three such scrolls of the same kind on display, but the last two had gone for exorbitant prices. Even with an entire Hive’s worth of gold—she made that poor arm rise constantly as she vied with the others.
Artifacts were useful, but an army could do what an individual could not in most cases. The Twisted Queen was well aware of the Free Antinium’s potential, and she lauded the Free Queen’s foresight. Yet she was up to her own ideas. Why bother pushing the Free Antinium forward when they could clearly march?
She bid and bid again, hoping that the gold she had funneled into her account with the Merchant’s Guild would outlast the others. Wrymvr anxiously fanned his wings until she told him to stop blowing at the ‘mysterious Drake’. If the curtain moved and showed the actual body and contraption she’d set up—well, she doubted Bidder 42 would continue to have their account at the Merchant’s Guild.
The Twisted Queen won her scroll and spent two-sevenths of the Twisted Hive’s entire gold-based economy in the process. She was so pleased by the act that Wrymvr actually flew around her as she raised an antennae in victory.
What mattered was progress. Strike the enemy where they least expected it. She let Wrymvr land and spoke to him seriously.
“Our great plan moves forwards in leaps and bounds. Alert Klbkch. We require preparation. Forces.”
“What about the crusade?”
The Twisted Queen rubbed her feelers together. That was a separate, visible affair. She pondered for a long while, then spoke out loud.
“The Antinium. Are. Changing. This is. Well. The Crusade is. Good. So I shall send. Them. A gift.”
 
——
 
Six schemers, planners, plotters, visionaries, thinkers, and supporters were the Queens of the Antinium of Izril. They were intelligent, gifted, and despite their terrible losses, they were a force that were akin to the Walled Cities and Tribes of the Great Plains.
Or had been. The balance of power was shifting. The Gnolls had suffered from their infighting and the Drakes’ assaults, and were the Antinium rising in power now?
It seemed so, to many worried powers. Even if Chaldion understood that the Antinium were not a cohesive whole, that chance and personality played their parts in the new [Crusaders], he feared them.
Feared them as someone witnessing classes so old that only their names survived. Feared them as [Mages], uncontested in their magical might, witnessed acts of faith that they could not copy nor understand.
