9.13
Page 46
“My personal undead! Who is that bastard down there? I’ll kill him! We’re raising Ghouls!”
“Come on—they know we’re here, and they have horses. Let’s go, Ama.”
One of them whispered, but three of the newest members were hesitating. Death magic from below. It could be those Ants or an adventurer, but they thought it might be someone else using death magic. They weren’t good at sensing; no one here had been to Wistram, but if so—hadn’t a certain team gone to Orefell?
It was rare any of them got in range of a scrying orb, so they only knew of the battle from people fleeing, and they’d obviously come for corpses. Whose? It didn’t matter. But their angry leader had lost her temper.
“Link up! We’re raising a Ghoul, and you three are grabbing corpses. We—wait a second. What’s that?”
All eight froze as, below, the empty grass of the night began to move. Just once, a flattening—but then another one twelve feet distant. It was faint, but the moonlight was good, and their already-paranoid instincts flared.
“Invisible adventurer! Run!”
The [Necromancers] leapt to their feet in a terror. They were made! They turned—and Pisces appeared, a [Light] spell in his hands.
He had a rapier in one hand, and he caught all eight, wearing robes of various hues of black, skulking in the grass. One of them leapt for cover and tripped and face-planted into the grass.
“Adventurer! Run and meet at the hideout!”
A scream, but then one of the youngest [Necromancers] actually tore the mask from her face.
“Wait! Stop, stop—Adventurer Pisces! It’s us! Remember?”
One of the three [Necromancers] who’d gotten his autograph in Invrisil held up their hands. Pisces stared down at them, and his rapier lowered. Not that it had ever really risen. He looked down at the cabal and sighed.
“I knew it.”
The eight frozen [Necromancers] stared at the most famous [Necromancer] of Izril. Pisces rubbed at his face.
“If it was anyone but me, you would be dead. Ylawes Byres wouldn’t even wait for a [Guardsman]. Raising undead to attack soldiers? Are you—? Nevermind. I was a young [Necromancer] too, but this is ridiculous. Leave.”
He pointed at them, and the eight [Necromancers] looked at each other. He, a Gold-rank adventurer, executioners of their class, had spotted them and…?
“Pisces?”
One of the masked, hooded figures whispered. Pisces was fumbling around in his bag of holding. Then, to their astonishment, he dumped a pile of huge Gargoyle bones on the ground.
“There. Half. Try not to cause trouble, will you? Who made the giant cat? That was halfway artful.”
He glanced around, and the three fans of his looked around. Then—Pisces Jealnet saw the leader of the coven slowly move. She stepped forwards and tugged the hood off her face. The mask fell, and Pisces blinked as someone scowled up at him.
Pale, virtually bone-white features from the chalk on her face. She’d even colored her nose black to mimic a skeleton. Pisces nearly dropped his rapier as the leader of the cabal, the owner of the giant cat undead, spoke with a snap.
“You—you call that halfway artful? If Gewilena or Feren had done that, you’d call it a masterpiece. You—you—”
His eyes bulged. Pisces’ mouth opened, and he gobbled as he pointed at her. He was as shocked as she was—although everyone had told her it was Pisces, she had denied he could be alive. It was someone else. She was the only survivor from the massacre aside from Feren.
Pisces pointed at a completely different face, far older, years apart. But the makeup was the same, and the artistry in bone?
