9.13
Page 23
His scream sent the Grand Hive into a panic as he descended, wings beating. The largest Antinium besides the Queens, an immortal warrior. The Grand Queen received him in her throne chambers as he flew in and perched. Even she feared him. A tiny bit.
His voices were succinct in how they spoke. His mind…closed off. He communicated very little, and even now, she did not understand why he had gravitated towards the Twisted Queen, that poor, wounded being filled with a madness like the one Xrn was developing.
Yet the Grand Queen raised her mandibles in a smile and gestured grandly as she sat on a throne modeled after the ones she had seen.
“Wrymvr. It is good of you to enter our presence. Sit. Will you refresh yourself with foodstuffs we have acquired?”
The great Centenium, his body ever-changing, ever-evolving, had nineteen legs today. Some stabbed into the dirt floor as he shuffled forwards. Six mouths on various parts of his body spoke, some drooling acid onto the floor. Another produced wisps of terrible cold. Wrymvr spoke as the Custodium eyed him, hands on their blades. All of them could attack him all day, and he would not take a wound, even if he lay there. He regarded the Grand Queen’s feast of goods and replied.
“No.”
The Grand Queen rubbed her feelers together anxiously. Communication. That was one of her fortes, and she felt like Wrymvr was, uh, weak in this area.
“No? Er, very well. If you are not in need of sustenance, let us cut to the point. Wrymvr, as I am sure you understand, ah, as we understand it, Xrn has become injured. Nevertheless, the Grand Hive is the Antinium, and we must have an instrument of our will. As Klbkchhezeim is working for the Free Queen, we have elected you to replace Xrn until such time as she recovers, if ever. I trust that is clear?”
The Centenium rubbed his own feelers together and made much the sound of metal screeching on metal. Some of the Custodium shifted.
“It is understood.”
“Excellent. Then you shall report to me tomorrow after making such arrangements to leave the Twisted Hive and convey the necessity to the Twisted Queen. Is that clear?”
“Respectfully disagree, no.”
The Grand Queen sat there, wrestling with the limited issues of speech as opposed to telepathy. She tried again.
“Am I…are our orders not being conveyed clearly, Wrymvr? I have given you instructions as the Grand Queen.”
“Yes. Respectfully disagree.”
Now that was different. The Grand Queen tried to put her feeler against her face as if she was resting her head on her chin, although her body was far too big to do that like a more humanoid figure.
“You respectfully disagree. What if I were to order you, right now, to become my Revalantor?”
Wrymvr’s wings fanned out.
“Would respectfully disagree.”
“And if I asked you for an affirmative or negative?”
The Grand Queen snapped back, losing her patience. Wrymvr shifted, and one eye peered at her from within his armored body.
“Then. I. Would give an affirmative or negative.”
The Grand Queen sat there, and ‘miffed’ was not enough to describe how she felt. But Wrymvr was being…careful, and she realized that the mighty warrior did not want to push the issue. Nor did she.
“Very well. Begone.”
She turned her head, and he flew out with another, quieter, screech. The Grand Queen sat, fuming, on her throne.
Am I losing control of the Antinium? Impossible! Inconceivable, and it was—or had been. Yet maybe they were taking lessons from the Drakes. Perhaps their loyalties were wavering? Paranoia warred with fear in her mind.
