9.13
Page 42
Az’kerash was both urbanely amused and disdainful. Pisces couldn’t fault the analysis either; if Ylawes and his team had made it, Merdon could have roused himself to join the battle. Nevertheless, it seemed like the Goblins, already moving towards their Wyverns, weren’t in as much danger with Magnolia Reinhart present.
Still, Pisces saw Rags mounting up and suspected she wouldn’t risk it. Which meant Dwarves and Goblins were heading away from the fighting. Pisces realized this was the perfect moment to sidle back to the battlefield.
It was dark, and the people working on harvesting the Gargoyles paid him no mind as Az’kerash discussed the battle with Pisces.
“Your team was, as ever, at the forefront of the fighting. I took some small note, as a Void Eater Goat is an interesting monster.”
Was he mocking Pisces? The [Necromancer] had been in the fighting, but he had felt like part of the effort, not the center.
“We were…less adept against so many monsters than we could have hoped, Great Necromancer.”
Pisces subvocalized. Az’kerash laughed quietly.
“Your team stood out nevertheless. As for the Void Eater Goat…that was a dangerous threat. They have been known to eat even Level 50 adventurers, although that is the required level range to handle them. You observed the weakness in their ability to generate their void spell?”
“Is it possible to circumvent that ability when it’s active, Archmage?”
Pisces wavered as he bent over the remains of a corpse. Probably a Bossel. He bent, and bones emerged from the bloody flesh. Despite his reservations, the great Necromancer was a fount of knowledge, and in their brief talks, Pisces learned a lot.
“Of course. Exceedingly difficult, but the goat cannot eat everything. Although I might note that even if your [Cryomancer] tried to freeze it—she might fail. It can swallow temperature, it is highly resistant, and it can hurl the contents of its stomach as a last-ditch resort. When facing one, it might behoove you to learn a spell rather like the Crowdcaller.”
“Sonic-based attacks?”
“Just so. [Death Wail]. Do you have the requisite spell among your studies?”
Pisces thought of the Djinni’s spellbook and shook his head.
“No, Great Necromancer.”
“Hm. Intriguing. I may have the time to locate a scroll. And I note you are collecting Gargoyle bones. Most perspicacious. Have you advanced past your Bone Behemoth attempts?”
“As a matter of fact…”
Pisces had not discussed Ivery and the Skeleton Lord mishaps, but when Az’kerash heard about the [Ritual of the Lord of Bones], he actually chuckled. Pisces was so astounded that he stopped stuffing bones into his bag of holding like a thief in the night.
“Great Archmage?”
“Ah—it is nothing. It is simply that the, ah, ritual failing is a common mistake most [Necromancers] make. There are no instructions, and more than one [Necromancer] has fused a lot of valuable gemstones into their Skeleton Lord or bound less-than-helpful objects to them. I knew quite a few who did the exact same thing as you.”
Pisces was fascinated.
“Really?”
“Oh, quite. It used to be a joke in Silvaria that a [Necromancer]’s first Skeleton Lord went into battle with an empty mug of beer or a quill. Armed with whatever pastimes they were about when they snatched the nearest object at hand. One Skeleton Lord was once sighted wearing some pantaloons by a young [Necromancer] caught in a romantic fling…”
Pisces was trying not to laugh. He was so caught up in the story as he took Gargoyle bones that he didn’t notice the patrol before Vaunt’s [Soldiers] were shining a lantern at him.
“Halt, thief!”
