9.13
Page 18
Transparent. They looked like glass and reflected far more than most eyes. There was still no pupil, but Klbkch felt a sheer unease as one of the Soldiers waved at him. It reminded him of Xrn’s gaze, but unlit. Yet with each flash of Xrn’s light, he almost felt like he saw an echo in their gaze.
Magic. This was not a place for a warrior like Klbkch. He felt uneasy here; the rules were different. Not that Centenium ever fought but to train and test new concepts, but he hated enemies where a swing of the sword did worse than nothing.
Not that they were going to fight. But Bird was excited when he saw Klbkch, and he waved his hands.
“There he is! I told you someone would come, you mean—mean Xrn! I am free! Although I did think it would be Erin. Or Ishkr. Or Pawn. Or Garry, before Klbkch. Klbkch, I have been captured! Free me!”
“Bird. You have not been captured. Xrn—I wished to speak, and I noticed Bird was present. You appear to be—well.”
“Is that small talk, Klbkchhezeim? It is not an Antinium thing. You have changed as much as Bird. Your body is somewhat better.”
Xrn’s voice was still leaking colors. Klbkch shifted slightly and deliberately folded his arms. She was definitely upset.
“You enjoyed it last we spoke. What is this about Bird being kidnapped?”
“I have been restrained here for three days against my will! Fed horrible treats from Garry’s kitchen! Including all the bird-related foods I could want! Which wasn’t so bad. But I was not allowed to leave.”
“Three days? Nonsense. I saw you in your tower yesterday on patrol.”
Bird gave Klbkch a highly offended look.
“No, you did not. I was here.”
“I saw you, Bird. Do not lie, even if that is your class. I saw…”
Then Klbkch hesitated, and Xrn turned her head and opened her mandibles.
“You see, little Bird? No one noticed. Not even Klbkchhezeim. A simple Worker fooled even the inn’s guests. You have no place there you claim.”
Bird glowered, and his antennae waved furiously.
“That is because you did not ask Ishkr! He noticed! Probably. Erin was not there, so it does not count. She would notice the moment she saw that fake!”
“It does not matter. You will stay here. Klbkch, I have summoned Bird repeatedly to study his abilities. The Free Queen has done likewise. He refuses to stay.”
Xrn calmed down a bit, and Klbkch sensed less of the colorized words that seemed to hover in the air. He stepped forwards as she beckoned him over, and Bird indignantly moved. Only then did Klbkch see the shackles of light keeping Bird from getting up and running.
Alright. At this point, if Klbkch had been on patrol and he had come across a similar scene, he would have called in backup. Since there was no backup besides the Free Queen…he relied on his familiarity and long acquaintance with Xrn as fellow Centenium.
Then he remembered she’d tried to have Wrymvr killed to reset his personality.
“What is so problematic about Bird returning to the inn, Xrn?”
“I told him not to. He disobeyed me. He is capable of maintaining a Unitasis Network, Klbkch. Not just maintaining one like a lesser Prognugator. Generating one. The Queens have never been able to do that as far as the Great Plains, but he generated one.”
“With all the Queens’ help. I was there. And Wrymvr.”
Klbkch pointed out, slightly hurt. Xrn stared at him, and the lights emanating from her head changed with her eye to a vexed grey.
“Yes. You were there. Shut up.”
Klbkch shut up. Bird bounced in his seat as Thaina offered him a drink. He sipped furiously from a straw.
