9.13
Page 17
Xrn, the Small Queen. Azure chitin body, the most ant-like of all the Antinium, ironically. She had never been made in Galuc the Builder’s image, and she had an abdomen like an actual Antinium, no shell. Her arms were only two, and one held a staff while the other gesticulated to a bouncing little Worker holding his bow.
That was Xrn, wondrous, the [Thaumaturge] who inspired even other Queens to action. Or—it had been.
For the glowing radiance in her eyes, reflecting her emotions and constantly changing like a kaleidoscope of magic—was torn. Possibly forever by that monstrous guardian of the dungeon.
Facestealer. In her battle with Belavierr, he had been summoned and tried to tear off Xrn’s head. He had ripped apart one eye, part of her very head—
A killing wound that had torn into her mind. It should have been her end, but Xrn’s magic had saved her. Its radiance, like her eyes, was a shifting rainbow of colors. Only—it now leaked from a glowing wound in her face.
It was a miracle she had two arms, even. But at least she had managed to reattach the other limb since it had only been torn off. If Klbkch looked very closely, he saw a hairline fracture where it had been detached, but the Free Queen could reattach a limb. Not fix…the rest.
Klbkchhezeim halted, and Xrniavxxel turned. He knew he looked nothing like his old self, even with his new body. Only his swords were the same. He had long since resigned himself to walking around in a Worker’s pitiful form, the helpless feeling of decay.
But it was one thing to see his reflection and see her wounded like this. If they were back among the True Antinium, her body could be repaired! But none of the simple gels they’d recreated or saved would mend that scar.
“Klbkch. There you are. Good, the Grand Queen has not distracted you too long? We shall speak of this Crusade. But first, deal with Bird. He is insubordinate.”
Again, there it was! A flash of color in her words, and correspondingly—Klbkch saw the radiance emanating from Xrn’s head change.
A flash of gold, like inspiration or pride or the very light the [Crusaders] summoned. Happiness? Yet it flashed outwards, uncontrolled, and left a golden patch of glass on the domed chamber Xrn sat in.
Now, it made sense. No wonder she had requested space away from anyone else. Xrn’s magic had always been powerful, but her control had been legendary.
She had lost it. Or perhaps she could control it, but chose not to, here. Klbkch was so stunned that he barely noticed Xrn’s two followers before one moved.
Chesacre and Thaina. The Free Antinium’s two female Soldiers had vanished from the ranks of the Painted Antinium into Xrn’s custody one time. Klbkch had not inquired, much, nor seen them again. Their appearance was as shocking as Bird’s.
Their armored carapaces had changed color. The brown-black chitin had mottled, turned red like a rose, green as an emerald, a grey-white—a patchwork just like the walls. They were a discordant mix of colors, surely the product of proximity to Xrn’s magic.
But that wasn’t what made Klbkch do a double-take. What made him halt and truly look at them were their eyes.
Antinium eyes had no pupils nor glow or any other quality to them. What unsettled other species was the lack of any whites, any facsimile of eyes. They were just a bug’s eyes, which saw a compound picture. But Chesacre and Thaina’s had turned…
