9.13
Page 39
Field Captain Rlint glanced up. It said something about the Dwarves’ armor and tactics that there were only two wagons—but it was two too many. Many Dwarves had their helmets under their arms, and Pisces saw tears.
And Dawil. That Garuda, Peki, too. The [Field Captain] gave Pisces a slow nod.
“Adventurer Pisces. I know you. We’re transporting our fallen back. If we were pressed for time or safety, we’d take possessions, but there are wagons, and Orefell’s granted us some horses. We hope to send them all the way to Dwarfhome, but it’s a task.”
“That’s a long way. Can you…put them in bags of holding?”
“That’s what I said. The problem is they have so much armor on—and asking them to strip the bodies is, um…”
Jelaqua whispered to Pisces. Rlint nodded somberly.
“We won’t do that here. Better to march to Dwarfhome, with respect. We have some gel Captain Jelaqua was kind enough to give us, and there are customs our people in Dwarfhalls Rest can perform; some will meet us on the road.”
“You’re leaving now?”
The [Field Captain] nodded. He chuckled into his beard tiredly.
“We are on a time limit. The sooner we can get to Dwarfhalls and properly settle it the better. The Goblins…”
He cast a glance at Rags and her tribe and shook his head.
“…Have mostly abandoned the mountain, as I understand it. Some might be there, but that Chieftain Rags has told us they’ll likely flee, and there is no powerful tribe remaining. I have orders to return. But if you knew how to suppress the death magic and the chances of undead…”
That would be the worst thing, and Pisces hesitated. Splitting up the bodies was better, but he thought quickly.
“There has to be at least one [Gravetender] in Orefell. They’ll have gravesalt. Or ask—Ylawes Byres.”
“The Silver Swords’ Captain?”
Dawil glanced up, confused, and Pisces nodded.
“Gravesalt is salt, ash, silver—it suppresses death magic. Ah—you could get some potted plants. Put them in the center of the wagon.
“Potted plants?”
Even Jelaqua hadn’t heard of that, but Pisces elaborated.
“Living beings and the earth make it harder for undead to rise. Plants eat death magic.”
“A [Gravetender], gravesalt, and plants. That’ll work. Thank you, Adventurer. Do you hail from Noelictus? I heard you were from the home continent.”
Rlint nodded at Pisces as he flagged someone over to find the materials. The [Necromancer]’s smile wavered, but—he had already talked about Roshal. Ksmvr patted Pisces on the head and got a mild swat.
“Not Noelictus, Field Captain. As a matter of fact…I come from Ailendamus. Not that I have strong ties to the Kingdom of Glass and Glory.”
It was the first time he had ever said that. Even Jelaqua looked surprised, but Rlint just nodded thoughtfully.
“Not a home for [Necromancers].”
“No indeed. Nor was it Ailendamus proper; mine was a province absorbed in recent years.”
“Ah. That explains it. Well, you are a friend to Dwarves, Adventurer. This has been a striking meeting. I am sorry to leave, but I will remember it. Nor do I think marching to fight at Orefell was wrong.”
The Dwarf said that even as he stood before the lines of bodies. Pisces nodded slowly, and Rlint looked at the Antinium.
“Goblins. Antinium. The kindness of Selphids, and a [Necromancer]’s wisdom. We even had that [Priest] of the Antinium come here and bless our dead. I don’t know what their ‘Heaven’ is, but if it’s the opposite of Rhir, may our kin rest there.”
Strange times indeed. Pisces nodded and stepped back, but only after shaking hands with a number of Dwarves. Peki did likewise.
