9.13
Page 27
Of all the Queens, she was the one which his Painted Antinium visited the most. Her Hive, and the Armored Queen, was his favorite, aside from the Free Queen, obviously, whom he did not really know. Anand looked up at her.
“If this is so, Armored Queen, then perhaps it is time for the Free Antinium to repay our debts.”
He began composing a [Message] back to Pawn and Belgrade and the others on the spot. And he would have done so regardless, but the Armored Queen smiled and raised her mandibles.
“Anand. This is not necessary. Debts? Obligation? You speak like a Drake or Gnoll. We are all Antinium.”
She said it like there never could have been any other point of view. Anand bowed, but nevertheless, he sent his [Message]. Painted Antinium and [Crusaders], even one of Pawn’s [Priests], arrived by the end of the week.
 
——
 
Armored Antinium. Silent Antinium. Flying Antinium. The Grand Hive’s mismatch of all of them. Free Antinium.
The Twisted Queen, of all the Queens, had a simple reaction to the crusades. Like Xrn, she was wounded, a permanent scar across her body. Many, from experiments and when the Drakes had reached her Hive during war. She could barely speak, and so only Wrymvr and Antinium truly understood her in her network of telepathy.
Her Hive had no Workers or Soldiers. Or at least—no unified body. They were the antithesis of the crusade. They were, in many ways…not even Antinium.
She had a clarity of mind that informed her actions, and Wrymvr concurred. It was at odds with Xrn. The Twisted Queen had never pretended to greatness, or even to being a soldier or revival of Antinium ways.
She made weapons. She unleashed weapons. Their promise to Rhir was all. The other Queens moved according to their natures, but they were still fairly direct, even at their most cunning.
The Twisted Queen was, like her name, unpredictable. She had been censured more than all the other Queens combined for actions taken against the Drakes. Her greatest project, unlike the others’, was no stockpile of war assets, no new type of Antinium.
The autonomous Birther Sacs designed to produce Antinium were her creation. A replacement for the inevitable demise of Queens, which she foresaw. But as Wrymvr returned and informed her of the Grand Queen’s pique, the Twisted Queen was busy.
Her talents were not as pronounced as the Silent or Flying Queen’s, but she was good enough. Good enough to see the interplay between muscle and movement; that was basic. Good enough to grow new forms, experiment—but she cheated.
Why bother developing flesh when you could copy it? Culture skin from a graft? In the same way, let’s assume the Twisted Queen needed an arm. A body. A host for a new type of Twisted Antinium.
She just asked Wrymvr to procure it or had her Twisted Antinium find some. An arm was not hard to find.
Of course, keeping the arm from rotting? Harder. Manipulating it? Harder still. You had to splice into the nerves, figure out how to move it with a reasonable level of control.
And that was just an arm. But the arm was arguably the hardest part since you could find a torso and a head, and as long as the scales or fur looked reasonably similar…
It wasn’t like a puppet. She’d tried that, and they were often identified. Infestation of hosts? Difficult to subvert them. But this was just an arm, a head—carefully preserved, and all the arm had to do was hold up a tiny little sign.
