9.13
Page 19
“I left because I have a duty which supercedes creating a Unitasis Something for all the Antinium.”
“Which is?”
Xrn turned and glowered at him. Bird replied happily.
“Hunting birds, teasing Mrsha, and enjoying myself at the inn. I was appointed by Revalantor Klbkch. Who is sitting right there, incidentally. And the Free Queen. You are merely Prognugator Xrn of the Grand Queen. Therefore, you are outranked, and I should go back and sit in my tower and have fun. Tell her, Klbkch.”
“Bird. Shut up.”
Klbkch whispered. Xrn’s bright gaze flickered in colors so fast that Klbkch was sure this was not the start of their argument. He wondered what three days of speaking to Bird felt like.
“I am Xrn, The Small Queen of the Antinium. Centenium of the First Queen.”
“Yes. And?”
Then Klbkch ducked. Chesacre and Thaina had already taken cover, but he saw the second effect of Xrn’s wounds aside from her personality. The Small Queen twitched—and the light from her head turned into a spell.
It looked like a snake made out of lightning. It flashed, curving upwards, and blew a chunk out of the ceiling. Stone, glass, and debris showered down as Xrn made a kcrching sound of fury. Bird twitched a bit in his restraints.
“Ooh. Pretty.”
For some reason, that seemed to calm Xrn down again. Or maybe it was the output of power. Klbkch got up and saw Chesacre edge over, behind him. She had a wand, and the Soldier bumped into him. Klbkch moved her away with one arm as he sat back down. He stared down at his hands as Xrn spoke.
Calmly.
“Bird, what do you want? Do you want to hunt a Roc? I will find one for you. Do you wish to have a better bow? One is surely in the armories of the Queens. Speak what you wish, and I will give it to you if you cooperate.”
Bird thought hard, and the little [Liar] chirped as he spoke. Unfortunately, he often told the truth, which made the lies even harder to detect.
“Me? Well, thank you for asking, Xrn. My answer is…I want to live in the inn forever.”
Klbkch slapped his forehead so hard he nearly dropped the bit of paper Chesacre had handed him. He caught it quickly as Xrn stared.
“What else?”
Bird replied.
“Nothing else. I will be there until I die. That is my happiest outcome.”
Xrn laughed, and it was a fluttering sound, like another insect. Klbkch stared down at the note Chesacre had given him. He had no idea Soldiers could write, but she must have learned. It was still clumsy, but legible.
Scary Xrn. Want to leave. Us. She will kill him.
Klbkch’s head snapped up. He saw Xrn lean forwards.
“Bird. You do not know this, but True Antinium have never feared dying from long lifespans. We know how to rejuvenate bodies, replace limbs. If you were made correctly—if the Queens treated you, you would only perish in battle. But you were not. You were made for a shorter lifespan. You will never see the rest of that inn grow old, Bird. You will not live longer than a mere Goblin.”
Bird listened to Xrn as Klbkch glanced around. The two Soldiers were watching him. Bird replied as Klbkch got up slowly.
“That is not a problem so long as I am at the inn. Even if it is tomorrow. If I saw everything there was to see, if I was there, I would be happy.”
“Is that your final answer?”
Xrn’s voice was soft. Bird nodded.
“Xrn—”
She lifted her staff and, ignoring Klbkch, aimed it straight at Bird. The jeweled tip, normally a gemstone hovering in place, was instead a spear of glowing light. Bird leaned back as it aimed at his chest.
“Um. I do not believe killing me is allowed. I can make a Unitasis Network. You should not kill me. That is not a lie.”
