9.13
Page 9
“Perhaps. Or maybe other species. Some came to me and asked for me to heal them. Should I heal them when I wake?”
“This would be wise, and I believe Commander Olesm would agree. What Skills have you learned?”
“Oh. Um. [Icon of Faith: Unclaimed]. And [Minor Radiance of Healing].”
Rags was fascinated. What the heck were those Skills? Radiance of healing? Did that mean…? On a hunch, as Artur speculated what kind of icon Zimrah needed, Rags produced a dagger and cut herself. Just a jab to her hand. She stared at it and narrowed her eyes.
It took nearly fifteen seconds before she noticed a change, and the wound began to scab. That was fast. It was a very slow scabbing, but on the other hand, Rags wondered how fast that was compared to normal.
“[Priest]. [Priest]. Got to get one.”
The Goblin muttered as she stared at Zimrah. The Worker was snoozing, but she was hardly the only Antinium who had the unique power of faith.
 
——
 
It was just that only two Antinium had cure Skills. Or rather—Miracles.
There was a joke in The Wandering Inn that if someone had a notepad and was writing, they were either Mrsha or pulling a Grimalkin. However, more than one person outside of Orefell was doing a full Grimalkin, because the Antinium were talking.
Talking. Gershal of Vaunt watched as one of the [Templars] placed his hand on a nervous horse’s back. The animal nearly reared, but the Antinium spoke.
“[Heal Damage — Strike]. I am done.”
He stepped back, and the torn flesh along the horse’s foreleg mended in a glow of light.
“That is not what the [Priest] did.”
The difference in how the Skill was worded was not lost on some of the observers. Gershal saw the [Templar], an Antinium Soldier with a voice, turn and elucidate to a curious Dwarf, female Garuda, and even Brigadier Forount. He nodded and replied slowly.
“I am not a [Priest]. Zimrah is capable of using [Cure Mundane Wounds] a number of times per battle. That cures any wounds not inflicted by magic.”
“Any?”
Someone made a choking sound. Peki was nibbling at some grapes that Forount had shared from her rations—everyone was sharing food, and Gershal had given out Vaunt’s cheeses with liberty. To Antinium, no less! The [Templar] had a piece of brie on a toothpick, and he nibbled at it as he spoke; with four arms, he could pretty much eat and talk.
“Indeed. Any non-magical wounds. I am not Zimrah. I am capable of using the Miracle [Heal Damage] twice per battle.”
“What was that part about ‘strike’, though?”
Rlint, the [Field Captain], the Dwarf, pressed the [Templar], whose name was Theogrin. An Antinium with a name.
Gershal had avoided saying ‘dead gods’, or ‘this is incredible’, or ‘impossible’ thus far. He felt like it made him look like a fool since this was clearly happening. Besides, he had once served under the Tidebreaker, Zel Shivertail, and he had seen at least one improbable event take place.
“That means I can cure exactly how much damage I could inflict. Or close enough. A deep cut, a broken bone. No more.”
Fascinating. Rlint looked at one of the other Dwarves, and the [Stone Magus] shook his head.
“Nothing like [Restoration], Captain. Not at all. There’s no…mana cost to these ‘miracles’, are there?”
The Dwarf addressed Theogrin, and the Antinium tilted his head. His antennae waved wildly, like Gershal had seen tiny ants do.
“No. This is a Miracle, not a Skill. The cost is faith.”
“Faith?”
“My conviction wanes. I feel emptier. Weaker. If I was Crusader 51, I would never lack for faith. Or Pawn.”
