9.14 VM
Page 37
Montressa…Montressa wanted Valeterisa to shine brighter. So much so that she felt, in her heart, that this was the right thing to do.
Returning home was unraveling Valeterisa like the ball of yarn, but what had been buried was better than the yarn itself, if that made sense. They were both a bit travel-worn, so that night, Valeterisa inquired, and it turned out both could refresh themselves at the inn.
“I didn’t know Fissival had such good plumbing that it has private baths everywhere.”
“Hm. It doesn’t. Come, we’ll refresh ourselves together.”
A public bath? Montressa hoped so, or that Fissival wasn’t that intimate. But it turned out they would be using neither. Instead, the [Innkeeper] directed them to a private room out around back, and they found themselves sitting in a wood-lined room with a pot of steaming water and some coals in the center.
A sauna. Montressa had never been in one before, but Drakes loved hot baths and saunas. Valeterisa added water until it was steaming, and then both just sat there, towels for modesty. It was only then that Valeterisa referred back to the crafters.
“Fissival is the City of Magic. Its great spells are built upon each citizen’s own talents, and they have kept this city floating even in the days when great magics have left it.”
That was all Valeterisa said. Montressa glanced up at her.
“They truly were inspiring. Archmage…”
“Valeterisa. I am a Second-Class Citizen, here.”
Montressa stared at Valeterisa’s straight face. She amended her statement.
“Valeterisa, is it alright to show me [Restoration]?”
For answer, the Archmage just scrubbed at one arm.
“You swore to be my apprentice. If I teach you—I teach you. If you are a liar, a thief, someone to steal my magic or claim credit for my work—you would not be the first.”
Montressa stared at her, then burst out.
“I never will. I swear!”
Valeterisa just nodded. She sat there and gazed out one steam-clouded window.
“The Scholarium will not be pleasant. If Wistram’s politics are something you know—think of the Scholarium much the same.”
“And Fissival’s Three? What is that about?”
“The ruling body. The Draconae Magis, the Draconae Pricepe, the Draconae Duxel. Magic, governance, and war. The Mage Lords and Ladies and high spellcasters have equivalent power to your [Lords] and [Ladies]. Wall Lord Dragial was able to command armies to march even after his exile.”
“Magic rules.”
Valeterisa closed her eyes. She lay there as the sauna cooled, and Montressa stoked the coals. She murmured.
“A certain kind of it, yes. This should be my city. Why isn’t it? Ieka is my family in the north, and these are my people and teachers here. I belong to Izril more than Wistram. But what I crave I have never found. Those who hunger for magic, and magic alone, without distraction or compromise. Do I not see it? Or am I still looking?”
Montressa didn’t know what to say. She went to sleep, and the next day, they visited the Draconae Scholarium.
 
——
 
Archmage Valeterisa stood in the Draconae Scholarium, the heart of Fissival’s magic. Learning and education, where [Mage Lords] gathered with the greatest [Mages] of Drake-kind. Izril’s seat of magical power.
From here, the [Mages] ruled. Not as Wistram did, but with classes, some sitting outdoors, lecture halls filled with more students than even Wistram could boast of.
But fewer [Mages] could fly here, even compared with Wistram Academy. Students graduated under great teachers like Wardmistress Geyasa and went on to fulfill vital roles wherever they went in business, war, and on other continents.
