9.14 VM
Page 16
The [Captain] did a double-take, almost laughed, gave Valeterisa a strained look, and Montressa saw his eyes flick to the other [Guards]. They muttered. Something about that joke…or maybe not a joke, had convinced them all Valeterisa was serious.
It still took nearly ten minutes for them to come back and announce that Valeterisa was allowed entry. However…Fissival still considered her a national threat due to her status and long-time absence from the Walled City of Magic.
Not promising. However, Valeterisa listened to the [Captain]’s carefully-worded statement and nodded.
“I am entering as a Second-Class Citizen, then?”
“Correct. Not as Archmage of Wistram. Which means you will be held to the same standards as any Second-Class Citizen.”
That didn’t sound good to Montressa. She had no idea what a Second-Class Citizen got treated like, but she bet it opened Valeterisa up to certain loopholes. What if they jailed her on trumped up charges?
Yet it seemed like Valeterisa knew Fissival. She replied steadily as she accepted the documents.
“That is acceptable. I know the laws. I remind you, however, that Wistram is aware of my visit to Fissival. I will enter the city as a citizen, but any actions taken against me will incur Wistram’s wrath.”
The Drakes glanced at each other nervously. It was a threat that might have lacked for teeth in other times, or a softer response. But right now…Archmage Eldavin and his teleporting forces were a guarantee of Wistram’s displeasure.
“I think I can assure you no hostility will occur within the City of Magic unless you begin it, Archmage.”
“I tend to agree. May I enter the city now?”
For answer, the Drakes stood aside—then one practically stomach-checked Montressa as she tried to follow the Archmage.
“Halt! You need to enter the city! Application forms? Passport?”
“Application forms? You’ve got to be—”
The Drakes took a certain malicious pleasure in stopping Montressa as Valeterisa turned. And here Montressa realized—this was a Drake city. They had forms, paperwork, and as the Drakes barked at her—
“You apply for a visitor’s permit to Fissival! In advance!”
Montressa spluttered as she dug out her Grade-3 Passport, which usually meant she could walk through any city’s gates without trouble. But Valeterisa walked back and tapped the [Captain] on the shoulder.
“I forgot about this. Tiresome. I sponsor her visit. Please issue her a visa.”
The [Captain], somewhat to Montressa’s surprise, gave Valeterisa a grudging nod.
“I need your papers again. Let me take them…identification number…we’ll issue your companion a visa as you are a citizen in good standing. Duration of stay?”
Montressa glanced at Valeterisa.
“One week?”
“One day?”
The Drake stared at both. He sighed.
“…We’ll issue you a one-week visa. Failure to leave the city by the end of a week from now will result in your arrest and a fine and expulsion from the city, Miss Human. You are going to be issued a Foreigner’s visa. Now—this subjects you to the same taxation standards as a Third-Class Citizen for a week’s time. However, I would look up how the laws apply to you stringently, as there are a number of privileges assigned to Third-Class Citizens you do not enjoy.”
“Understood. Where can I get a book of these laws?”
Montressa appreciated they at least told her what was going on. The Drake gave her a supercilious glance.
