9.14 VM
Page 31
“Then you must accept a gift. Here. I have some stones from Salazsar—”
“Ooh! Those would make delightful little presents for some friends. Expensive, now that the markets are closed and we’re at war.”
“I thought so too. A present, a present. I can’t take your money.”
And there it was. Montressa saw the [Innkeeper] swing his gaze to her.
“And will your apprentice need a room? Free of charge as well, naturally!”
“You’re too kind. Can I offer you…how about some of these food cards? I don’t know if Archmage Valeterisa and I will stay long enough to use them.”
“Montressa, those are legal tender. You can’t give them away.”
Valeterisa scolded Montressa noisily, and the [Innkeeper] nodded. He nudged Montressa and smiled into the inn, which had mostly Human customers and a few Drakes. And at least one was listening a bit too hard, Montressa thought.
“Exactly. We exchange them for coin. I wouldn’t dream of taking that as a gift.”
“Oh—then would you accept this charm I made? Just in case. It repels bugs.”
Montressa had few tradable items, and the [Innkeeper] laughed when he saw it and heard what it did.
“What a lovely gift! I think we’ll have a fine banquet prepared for the Archmage and her apprentice. Thank you, thank you!”
The Drake said nothing as he ushered them to their rooms high up in the inn. Only when he let them put their things down did Valeterisa enter Montressa’s room.
“You overpaid him.”
“I know! I didn’t have anything less expensive, and it’s fine.”
Valeterisa shrugged.
“You’re learning.”
She gave Montressa a rare look of approval, and she seemed so—present—that Montressa had to know.
“Is that how it works here?”
Valeterisa’s eyes lit up with actual mischief, and she sat down on Montressa’s bed. The quilted bed was lovely and soft, but now Montressa wanted to see the rest of this Human district. Valeterisa clicked her fingers, sealing them off from any eavesdroppers.
“Of course. Everyone’s a friend around here. It’s a little game, and the [Tax Inspectors] and the eavesdroppers know what’s up. They’ll pop up and fine you for a mistake, but a gift is a gift. Just be careful; they’ll play tricks on you too, and not all the Humans are on the same side.”
“It seems ridiculous to do it this way—funny, but ridiculous.”
Valeterisa just sighed heavily. She leaned back on Montressa’s bed and stared up at the ceiling.
“Yes. Yes, it does, especially having lived in other parts of the world. I thought it all just…worked like this when I was young. Heorth told me otherwise, but I didn’t believe it. The Scholarium is like this—but worst of all. Incidentally, I’m sorry to tell you, but your bug-repelling charm has been stolen.”
“It has?”
Montressa felt at her remaining charms, but that wasn’t what Valeterisa meant.
“Not the [Innkeeper]. Whomever you sold it to. They probably ran it to the Scholarium and filed a patent. Now, they’ll be able to claim they invented the charm. Patents, applying to use a spell—it’s easier to learn a Tier 4 spell here than in Wistram if you have the coin. But grand magic is few and far between, even with the plazas.”
Patents? So the Hot Spoon™ wasn’t even a joke! Montressa threw herself back and closed her eyes.
“Ugh! Imagine begging to learn a spell—is this it? Is this the City of Magic? Are these the finest spellcasters in the Drake lands?”
“Yes and no.”
Valeterisa looked tired as she sat next to Montressa. Tired…and younger than she had ever been before. She seemed alive, there, and—nostalgia was neither good nor bad, but it cut you either way. She patted Montressa on the knee and then felt the bag of gears.
