9.14 VM
Page 19
They were high. They were shockingly high. They were, in fact, so high that she saw one inn with a plain advertisement Erin would have probably called good marketing.
“The Archmage’s Retreat! 1 gold per night for a room! Breakfast included!”
“One gold piece? One gold piece?”
She pointed it out to Valeterisa, and the Archmage stopped humming.
“Don’t be silly, Montressa. We don’t want a basic room. The best ones cost more than that, I’m sure.”
Montressa choked. She was a [Lady] and a student of Wistram! Both rich backgrounds, and she felt like she was being ripped off just staring at the prices. But then—she was still fuming mad.
“It’s not fair! I could barely afford that as a Level 30 [Mage] of Wistram! Especially after being ripped off—after being swindled like that!”
“I warned you not to sell your goods. You didn’t listen.”
Montressa folded her arms. Valeterisa had said that, but Montressa hadn’t understood why.
 
——
 
About an hour ago, they’d been walking through the Mage’s Marquee, a series of outdoor shops in one of Fissival’s many plazas, and Montressa had been admiring the many, if expensive, magical items for sale.
Even Wistram didn’t trade as many magical goods as a city devoted to magic. There were wands for sale, ranging from mere silver to gold in the thousands of pieces. She had never seen so many shops selling wands, or magical scrolls, reagents—they had charms, enchanted earrings, gemstones, and every kind of magical good from enchanted clothing to magical cutlery.
“Hot spoon! Hot spoon! Never have a cold bite of soup again! Comes in a set for a small fee!”
Montressa’s lips quirked as she saw someone selling a simple steel spoon enchanted with a heating spell. It looked somewhat decent, and it might last for a while if they’d insulated the enchantment enough, although the magical power would wane.
But a hot spoon?
“Also, a hot plate and hot cup. Any takers?”
Not everything had to sell well, it seemed. But while the desperate Drake offering his heat-based cutlery was losing customers, a competing Drake wearing two frost-covered earrings—attached to her neck-spines since Drakes didn’t have ears—was winning the duel of vendors.
“Cold canteen! Tired of the heat? Want a refreshing drink? Buy a cold canteen!”
At this point, Montressa began giggling. The worst part was that a few people had bought the canteen enchanted with the cooling spell, and why not? The Drake had cooling stones you could put in your pocket, and her rival, the unlucky [Enchanter] specializing in heat-products, was shaking his fist at her.
“You may be winning now, Claisse, but just wait till winter!”
“Oh, I’ll wait—and begin selling [Frost Resistance] trinkets as soon as it gets chilly! Ice magic never loses!”
Ceria would have loved to meet her. The Drake was just one of a series of vendors, and Montressa realized—they were selling a lot.
“Two silvers per wand! Basic starting kits! How many can I get you today, [Trader] Gosthe? One silver, eight copper?”
“One silver, six. And I’ll buy fifty if you match my prices.”
One of the people who’d been in line for Fissival, a Human [Magic Trader] if her own wand was any clue, had clearly come to top off her inventory. The Drake began to haggle as Montressa raised her brows.
“Two silvers per wand? I’ve never seen those prices.”
Valeterisa was looking around interestedly, but with little attraction to any magic shops like she normally had. She was a local and, as such, seemed to know that not much on this open street would attract her interest. She spoke to Montressa.
