9.14 VM
Page 11
“I have committed it to my most secret categorization, Wall Lord. Mentally.”
Valeterisa smiled again, and Ilvriss looked at Montressa. He bowed slightly.
“Mage Montressa, I believe?”
“Yes, Wall Lord? I mean—yes! I don’t know if we’ve ever met, personally?”
Montressa didn’t think so, aside from the Meeting of Tribes, and that had been a battlefield. But he clearly knew her name, and she had a sinking feeling she knew from where. Ilvriss gave her a curt nod.
“I have heard your name from The Wandering Inn. A slight unpleasantness…which I was pleased to note was resolved. I hope everyone is well, Erin Solstice especially? Did you have the chance to see her after her resurrection…?”
He sounded hopeful and nostalgic, and Montressa was sorry to shake her head.
“I’m afraid I left before that, Wall Lord, but I have heard from a friend, Bezale, that she is mobile. On two legs, even.”
“I did hear about that. Excellent recovery…I don’t know if you are planning on staying in Salazsar tonight? I should like to invite you—invite you both to dine with me if you have time.”
The Drake smiled, and Montressa’s mouth watered at the idea of cooked, fine food, and someone as sane-sounding as him. Plus, he clearly held Erin in some regard! But then her heart sank as both she and Ilvriss looked at Valeterisa.
She was fidgeting, like a child clearly bored with the conversation. Now, she broke in hurriedly.
“I regret to say that is impossible, Wall Lord. We will be flying out immediately. With all due plaudits for your offer.”
“We will? I mean—yes, Archmage. At once. Wall Lord, I am so sorry…”
He lifted a claw as Valeterisa nodded to the nearest balcony. He leaned over and shook her hand as he murmured.
“Not at all. Or rather, I should say, the apologies are all mine. For…your sacrifice.”
 
——
 
Montressa gave him a wan smile, and then she was striding to catch up with Valeterisa. The two were flying from Salazsar’s balcony, and Ilvriss swore he heard Montressa begging the Watch not to shoot them down as they exited the City of Gems as fast as they’d arrived.
He turned to Shield Captain Osthia. The Drake was watching Montressa go with much the same expression Ilvriss feared was plastered on his face.
“And that was the first [Mage] you hoped to recruit, Wall Lord? I hope we have…backups?”
Osthia was tactful, but she couldn’t hide how off-putting she’d found Valeterisa. Ilvriss sighed, rubbed at his neck-scales, and cursed quietly.
“A few. But she was the best one. All this time—wasted? Perhaps we’ll get lucky.”
His tone suggested how likely he thought that was. Osthia hesitated and then peered at Ilvriss.
“May I ask why the Archmage of Izril, Wall Lord? From the sounds of her ‘duel’ earlier, she didn’t seem the most capable, and there are fine spellcasters across Izril, if not so famous. Fissival, for instance, although that’s tricky.”
Ilvriss nodded. He threw himself into a chair and was somewhat glad Montressa hadn’t taken him up on his offer. He’d have had to reshuffle a meeting with Salazsar’s [Generals], and that would have been a bad look.
After all—Salazsar was at war with Fissival. He’d struck the first damn blow at the Meeting of Tribes, and while their armies weren’t marching into open combat yet, all trade had ceased and both cities were calling on their allies.
Actions had consequences. He would have to pay for his, but he didn’t regret what he’d done. Ilvriss answered Osthia curtly as he rubbed at his forehead.
“She might not be the most ideal candidate in some—many respects, but there was one reason I wanted her, Osthia.”
“Which is?”
