9.14 VM
Page 20
“Feel free to look around, apprentice. But don’t sell anything.”
Montressa jumped and hid her personal charms behind her back guiltily.
“What? Why not, Archmage?”
She might be Valeterisa’s apprentice, and it had perks like her new staff, but Montressa was still a [Mage] who needed coin. She could work enchantments or sell her charms—all defense or ward-oriented—and earn a tidy profit even in a Walled City.
“Just don’t. You will regret it.”
“It’s not against the rules, is it?”
“No. But don’t do it. I—is that a Phoenix feather?”
Valeterisa suddenly vanished in a stampede as a [Trader] opened a stall and began to shout.
“Magical reagents from Chandrar! Phoenix feathers and—dead gods, don’t push!”
So it seemed like there were valuable items on the market! Enough so that Valeterisa actually ran to the stall with a bevy of Drakes. In fact…Montressa thought she saw more common citizens than she’d ever normally expect, here.
She looked around and saw more than one low-level seller sitting on the ground with a few wares on display. Each one seemed to be doing good business; someone had even bought a Hot Spoon™ while Montressa was looking about.
She couldn’t help it. Montressa glanced around, found a spot, and began laying out some items. She had people asking her what she was selling before she was even done.
“These are anti-insect charms. Repellants; put them in a corner of the house, and they’ll keep them away for four months, guaranteed! I have single-use, emergency [Forcewall] tokens rated at eight mace strikes by a Level 15 [Warrior], a [Protection] spell on this cloak—”
“I’ll take it!”
She made her first sale within six seconds. A Drake bought Montressa’s anti-insect charms and didn’t blink once at the gold cost.
“It’s so cheap!”
“You think so?”
Montressa did a double-take. She sold her powerful anti-insect repellants for one gold, eight silver. That was a steep price for the average citizen! It wasn’t permanent, but even so, if the old metrics of a gold per week for low-level jobs held true…
“It is! You should consider doubling the prices.”
The first Drake informed Montressa airily. She hesitated, but more were queueing up. Montressa did raise her prices after two more sales and had sold eight of her items by the time she realized what that warning meant.
“[Tax Inspector]! You, Human, and you, the Gnoll—I didn’t see a notice of day-trading. We’ll do a quick inspection of your inventory. [Inspection: Gold Collected]! Hm!”
A Drake followed by a group of armed [Guards] stormed into the plaza so fast Montressa was haggling over her Cloak of Protection when he was almost on her. She saw a few Drakes who’d been selling goods furtively try to run for it, but one of the [Guards] raised a wand.
“[Sticky Webs]. Three runners!”
The other [Guards] pounded after the fleeing illicit sellers while the established ones, including the two [Enchanters], looked on with amusement, calling out encouragement to either side. It wasn’t violent—the worst Montressa saw was a few Drakes falling over as they were snared.
However—she wasn’t prepared for a [Tax Inspector]. Much less the Drake who marched over and gave her what for.
“Selling without a permit? Where’s your papers, Miss Human? I don’t know you.”
“I wasn’t aware I needed a permit for trading, sir.”
Montressa rose, and the Drake gave her a surprised look.
“You don’t. Each plaza is part of a district. There’s only a surcharge on day trades.”
“Oh, good—”
