9.14 VM
Page 18
She glimpsed, even from here, so many spells they dizzied her eyes, and even saw a figure flying through the sky. Montressa’s first thought was Djinni, but it was neither a Drake with wings nor a Djinni; a billowing set of robes told her it was a [Mage].
In that sense, it was magical, but it was less than the Academy of Mages, which stretched up into mists and was surrounded by the sea in a bubble of calm. The city was like that; the buildings seemed shorter than the other Walled Cities.
Perhaps because Fissival was a huge, gigantic dais rather than a contained box bristling with siege weapons. It probably had the most space of any Walled City, and as such, less need for the huge elevation.
Unfortunately, that meant that Montressa’s eyes didn’t immediately pop with some grand edifice like First Landing could show her. She gazed around the plaza she stood in, helpfully marked The Visitor’s Plaza by a sign directing her inwards. Valeterisa stood, like the traveller returning home she was, gazing around with an unabashed sense of nostalgia.
“Home. Do you see the Scholarium, there, Apprentice? We must visit it, but there are a number of places to see. Great mages, my house…what do you think of it?”
“It’s…wonderful, Archmage.”
Valeterisa looked over at Montressa.
“I detect what might be a lie in that statement. Are you not impressed?”
“It’s, uh, a large city, Archmage. Wonderful stone floors. I imagine they don’t have to be repaired.”
Montressa kicked at the stone flooring and looked around vaguely. She saw Valeterisa’s face fall.
“You aren’t impressed. Well—we have barely seen the city. Let’s—ah. It must be the end of the hour. One sec—”
Then a pillar of light blasted up to Valeterisa’s right, straight into the sky. Montressa shielded her face as more magic than she’d ever seen outside of an Archmage casting spells jetted up in a pure surge of power. It overwhelmed her senses—it must have been a mile off, in the heart of the city!
“What? What?”
It was there for a second, then already the pillar of radiance was fading, the bright white light—which had seemed bright red, like a pink sunset—fading. The other new visitors to Fissival cried out, some shielding their eyes, others flinching like Montressa, but the Drakes and Valeterisa herself just idly glanced in that direction.
“It must be ten in the morning. I think that one’s Strength. I must be old. I’ve forgotten the Grand Plazas.”
Valeterisa glanced over and sighed. Then she noticed Montressa’s bug-eyed expression.
“Well, they’re not every hour. But that one goes off at ten. We still need clocks. Come on, Apprentice.”
“What was that?”
Montressa shouted, and Valeterisa stopped, struck her forehead lightly, and looked delighted at Montressa’s expression.
“The Grand Plazas! You haven’t seen the Grand Spells, have you? Aha. Are you admiring Fissival now? It seems so.”
She peered excitedly at Montressa’s face, and she seemed satisfied by Montressa’s shock. Valeterisa moved forward with a spring in her step, and Montressa reconsidered yet again.
There was something in Fissival even Wistram lacked. Magic and pettiness, in equal measure.
 
——
 
“There is no city like Fissival, no city as grand, no magics as much in demand~”
Valeterisa hummed as they walked through the streets. Montressa muttered sotto voce.
“No city as expensive or rude to its guests.”
“~♪ No city that makes you pay as much for a rest!”
Dead gods, they even had songs about it. Or was that Valeterisa improvising? Montressa stared around, sulking, an hour later and eyed the prices on the inns.
