9.14 VM
Page 27
That caught Montressa’s ear. She bowed uneasily, because Djinni made her nervous. Wistram didn’t have them. They only had…Cognita.
“There was a Constellation Thief?”
For answer, Heorth pointed, and a beam of light illuminated a far shelf around the long, circular floor they were on.
“The Thief of Constellations, The Annals of Mershi, Volume XXXI. Terrible numbering convention. If you enjoy it, I will direct you to further works. Highly topical, especially with the City of Stars being spoken of again.”
Valeterisa’s eyes sparkled, and Montressa and her master ended up collecting nearly ten books, including all the latest Lightning Thief books she’d missed. It turned out some had never reached Wistram or Montressa, and Valeterisa had missed eight years anyways.
As for the Annals of Mershi—Valeterisa returned to Heorth and offered him something.
“For you.”
The Djinni accepted a glowing emerald and sniffed it, then smiled briefly as he tucked it away.
“From Salazsar? You have gone up in the world instead of offering me homemade quartz filled with mana. Have you visited the Scholarium yet?”
“Not yet.”
The Djinni gave the Archmage a long look.
“Save it for last. They will have words for you—savor your visit. And return your books before you leave, Valeterisa, or I will have to hunt you down myself.”
He was reading when they left, and Montressa kept turning her head to stare at him.
“I’ve never seen a Djinni with that much free rein.”
“Nor will you again. He knows almost every book of value in the library, and no one would dare replace him. He is still slave to the Grand Librarium, but as he told me—he won parts of his freedom within his bondage by knowledge. Knowledge which he imparts to few.”
Valeterisa brushed the ancient book, and Montressa saw that there was a slip inside the cover written with Heorth’s own words that listed the book and author. The cover itself was actually a replacement; the book had been worn or damaged.
Which made her think that only someone who knew what it contained or who was very, very lucky would ever find it. Even for a fictitious tale about a [Thief] in the days of Mershi—this was an old, rare book.
She glanced up suddenly and saw Valeterisa watching her. Montressa spoke, keeping her voice low.
“I don’t believe Heorth recommended that book idly, did he, Archmage?”
“Of course not. He never does. The only books he recommends that are useless are two million word-long sagas about romance which I refuse to read. But he has told me to check out other books now and then. Come—you are not allowed to check out books, but I am.”
Valeterisa was carrying up their books to check out when Montressa saw the last, final unique thing about the library. Some magical lettering and a huge crowd on the second floor caught her eyes, right below the surface. She stopped and actually plucked at Valeterisa’s sleeve.
“Archmage. Is that a…spellbook?”
A giant spellbook was sitting in a glass case, illuminated by a [Light] spell. A crowd of students and ordinary civilians, even a Human girl, were reading the page on display, which looked to be a basic [Purify Water] spell. Valeterisa glanced over.
“Mm? Yes, the public spells. Ah, they’re changing them.”
A [Librarian] was going from case to case—and Montressa saw no less than sixteen—and flipping the pages to pre-arranged selections. A Drake was arguing with one of them.
“Give me half an hour! I’ve nearly got this spell! Half an hour?”
“Public spellbooks?”
Montressa had never seen such a thing! She was appalled, but Valeterisa’s look was sardonic.
