9.14 VM
Page 3
“Including your undergarments?”
Valeterisa took a longer moment in replying. She reached for some tea, took a sip, and made no face whatsoever. It was just…food. She ate because she had to.
“I foresee more unnecessary changes in my life.”
“Archmage! How long have you worn that set of underwear?”
Valeterisa gave Montressa a curious look, like this was some kind of trap. She raised a few fingers, and Montressa heard her counting out loud to her horror.
“Four, five…is this a worthy use of our time, apprentice? You could be learning a spell.”
“Humor me.”
Montressa breathed. Valeterisa sighed.
“There was a ball in which Ieka had me dress up. So…eight months.”
“Eight months!?”
Montressa’s shriek roused a few birds from around the warded campsite. They were camped in a grove of trees Valeterisa had decided to land in on their journey across Izril. The Archmage raised a finger and clarified.
“I was not finished. Eight months, eight years.”
Even Pisces Jealnet himself might have hesitated when faced with this revelation. But Valeterisa watched as Montressa tried to put as much space between herself and her mentor as possible.
“I hardly see the need to overreact, Montressa. I am perfectly clean. I cast [Cleanse] every night and morning.”
“It is the principle of the thing, Archmage!”
“Ah, yes. Principles. The very same reason you would have me write a response to every missive I receive and perform social functions nonstop.”
“Anyone who is a [Merchant] or above Level 30! Social functions? Greeting a Guildmaster at a Mage’s Guild is not hard.”
Valeterisa blinked sleepily at Montressa. She stared as the [Aegiscaster] launched into another rant—and then put on a huge, fake smile. She sat up, propped her head on her hands, and Montressa broke off.
“Archmage. Archmage.”
“Yes, fascinating. I take your point and will amend my ways.”
“Archmage, please don’t use your fake greeting personality on me.”
Valeterisa’s fake smile turned into a brief scowl of annoyance.
“Drat.”
Like it or not, Montressa was getting to know her teacher. Unfortunately, the same went for Valeterisa. Neither one had been sure of the other at first, and there had been hiccups. But now, Valeterisa pondered Montressa and nodded slowly.
“A change of clothing. If it truly elicits such a reaction from you, this may be a faux paus that can be used against me in social engagements. Especially by [Rumormongers] or [Socialites].”
“I…that’s correct.”
Montressa faltered. It amazed her when Valeterisa did this, but the Archmage of Izril wasn’t helpless, just careless. She had risen to Archmage in Wistram, and so Valeterisa mused onwards.
“I also take your point, unhappily, about the social impact of a pleasant greeting and due diligence with regard to replying to missives. Therefore. Apprentice Montressa, you will perform all these tasks for me. Arrange a new set of clothing when we come to our next stop, and I will trust you to reply to all my letters and greet everyone in my name.”
Montressa’s head thunked onto the table. The worst part of working for Valeterisa was that she was intelligent enough to figure out ways to push all her work onto Montressa’s back. Valeterisa went back to eating.
The [Aegiscaster] went back to inserting the wild raspberries she’d gathered into her cereal. Cereal and milk was not, actually, a regular breakfast food in this world.
