9.15 VM
Page 35
The woman stood up, dusted her robes, and stared across Fissival. She backed up and peered around the huge city that was home to millions. Far, far too far for anyone to circumnavigate without a horse. She gazed down the long road leading up the plateau and then up.
“I suppose I can only try. Very well.”
She drew her wand, and the Drakes backed up. One raised his spear, and Valeterisa focused on him. The Drake lowered the spear.
“I am not doing anything illegal. I think. If I fail—pretend you didn’t see me?”
“See what?”
The [Guard Captain] got no answer. He saw Valeterisa take a few steps back, then mutter.
“I’ll have to time it—very well. [Delayed Spell: Earthen Spire]. No. [Expanded Range]. [Reinforce Spell]. [Delayed Spell: Earthen Bulwark]. [Synchronize Spell].”
She aimed her wand at the ground, and all the Drakes glanced back. The [Guard Captain] scrambled away, but no rising pillar of stone flew up. And besides, she’d aimed it—he turned, and Valeterisa spoke.
“…[Flight].”
Her feet left the ground. Not gently, but in a blur of motion that left the Drakes recoiling as a cloud of dust and grass swirled up after her. The Archmage of Izril flew up, arms still stretched out, and then she turned, curving through the air.
She skimmed along the rising wall of the City of Magic. Then she dipped—and her wand flashed as she recast that spell. The [Guard Captain] gaped at her—then he raced for his tower.
“What is she doing? High Command—Watch Captain—anyone, come in!”
She was a quarter of the way around the city before he managed to climb to his post and get ahold of someone in charge. No less than Supreme General Hexa snapped back at him.
“What is Archmage Valeterisa doing? Report!”
“Casting some kind of spell at increments around the city! They seem to be at systematic intervals. One spell at every sixteenth of the perimeter of the city?”
She was flying in a perfect circle, around the city of Fissival. The [Guard Captain] ran back to the lip of the floating city. Wait a second. Wait…Hexa was barking at him to apprehend her as if he could fly himself. But the Drake threw himself down.
“The gap.”
“What gap?”
The Supreme General had never gazed down at the edge of the flying city. She didn’t know that you could actually stick the tips of your fingers under the city and pretend you were ‘lifting’ it if you were a small child. Or an idiot. You could, then, lose the fingers as they were slowly crushed into less than paste.
But it was a popular thing for some tourists back in the day, until too many lost digits had forced the Watch to prohibit the trick. And yet…the Archmage of Izril hadn’t done that. But she had aimed her spell somewhere just underneath the city.
He could see it, if he bent down, the residue of glowing magic beneath the floating city. The city sank, and it disappeared from view, but he reported what she’d cast. Hexa muttered in a distinctly unconfident manner that the [Guard Captain] wished she wasn’t sharing with him.
“[Earthen Bulwark]? Why that spell…wait, did you say [Synchronize Spell]? What’s she synchronizing to?”
The [Guard Captain] glanced up as he saw the Archmage of Izril flying in a complete circle. She had almost reached his position, and she was so fast—he saw the city slowly rising up.
An entire city. Millions of people. How many pounds of weight he couldn’t even guess. A mountain’s worth of stone and steel and magic. Yet…it had floated, and the spells had endured for generations.
Impossible, even if it was less than impressive. Fissival flew. But as Valeterisa had said—
