9.15 VM
Page 39
Fifty feet? Sixty? The higher the spires extended, the more fragile they became and the wider their bases would need to be. There was a diminishing cost, and so she prepared herself. As soon as the base of the City of Magic cleared the divot in the earth, the smooth basin of dirt it had rested in so long—she would fly under it.
Something caught her attention. Dirt and debris were cascading down from the City of Magic’s underside, even root systems that had clung to the base of the Walled City of Magic. This least-defensible Walled City had never been impressive with its short walls. Even the Antinium had come close to attacking it.
Yet…Valeterisa had long wondered why Fissival, of all the cities, had such shoddy defenses. Her answers had come in the history books and studying its defensive protections: the city could project a dome to cover the entire City of Magic at need. She had wondered why. A dome was not as efficient as Pallass’ more pyramid-shaped [Cage of Pallass] spell, which could stop entire armies attacking.
That had led her to understand where the Walled City of Magic was supposed to be. Walls? Walls were for cities that feared conventional attacks. Walls were no good against foes with wings. And Fissival…had never been on the ground during wars.
For the first time in an age, someone glimpsed the Walled City of Magic as it truly was. As dirt fell away from the rounded underside of the City of Magic, Valeterisa saw something staring at her.
It was a Dragon.
Not a real one, obviously, but a mural. Raised stone, colored, but so old it had worn away. A Dragon, one of the long ones with a flowing mane like water and twin whiskers, was twined around the basin of the City of Magic. Riding upon its back were Drakes, even some Gnolls. It was chasing or flying with another Dragon that Valeterisa associated with storybooks, the Dragon’s scales…her scales?…glowing a faded white as she blew frost breath across a series of cities in the distance.
Crests. Cities. Valeterisa’s eyes widened and she spoke.
“Memorize this. [Capture Image]. Capture…”
She flew in a circle, eying the Walled Cities, ancient crests. Some she recognized, like Pallass. Others…others were gone. One had even been removed, visibly chiseled away from the rock face. The Dragons flew over tiny Drakes, building higher, learning magic from their Ancestors, until some stood upon a newly-built City of Magic. The greatest [Mages]…
And still the city rose. Now, Valeterisa sensed the [Pillar of Obsidian] faltering. Twenty-five feet while she watched? Barely enough space—and she was aware she might not have the strength.
But she had to try. This was already…already…
This wasn’t enough. Magic should be more. So Valeterisa dove and noticed that each eye of the Dragon and some of the murals had glassy orbs. Spells? Placed to do what? Rain fire or help the city levitate?
They were dead and dark. But they watched her as the daughter of Fissival flew down. Valeterisa gazed up at a second sky and got a bit of dirt in her eye.
“Ow.”
The City of Fissival was almost as dirty from beneath as Montressa thought her underwear was. But—Valeterisa put her hands on the stone.
“How to lift something like this? A puzzle. [High-Speed Flight].”
She upgraded the spell to a level she didn’t dare fly normally—even with barrier spells, she could and nearly had killed herself. But if she pushed—
“[Stoneskin]. [Body of Diamond].”
—She became the lever that moved mountains. And the lever could not break. Her arms began to scream, but the spells reinforced her, and the city…
