9.15 VM
Page 22
It looked like solid granite, six feet across and tall. The Drake inhaled and exhaled as he lowered his stance. Then—his clawed hand began to glow as it clenched into a fist. The Drake [Battlemage] leapt—and the impact shook the scrying spell.
He cracked the entire block of stone, and the fissures split the cube in half as pieces fell off. It wasn’t a complete shattering, but Istrix imagined being hit by that.
Valeterisa waved dust out of her face. She waited, patiently, as another block of stone was conjured. Everyone waited for her rebuttal. The Archmage of Izril floated over to the stone block and poked it.
“[Dispel Magic].”
It vanished with a gentle pop. Istrix fell out of his chair laughing. The expression on the affronted [Geomancer]’s face was priceless! However, Sooral objected at once.
“This is a show of magical ability, Archmage.”
“Does that not count? It is magical stone. If you want me to cast another spell, I can.”
Archmage Valeterisa sighed and waited as another cube was created out of the ground. She stared up at the sky for a moment—then poked the block.
This time, Istrix didn’t even hear her speak a spell. However, from the way the stone cube cracked and split in half before crumbling into pieces—
“That had to be some kind of shattering spell! [Fissure]? She split it! I bet the [Miners] would love her in Salazsar.”
“Well, they can take her.”
Again, the crowd was split. The [Battlemage] was shaking his head, denying Valeterisa’s spell. But she had broken the stone cube. The Archmage of Izril looked around, clearly wondering why people were booing her. Sooral’s smile grew wider as General Vors rubbed at his face.
Because that was the battle here, for Fissival. Show over substance. The Teleportarium’s crews watched, split just like the populace above.
 
——
 
—But one was the better [Mage]. Even if she didn’t show it directly, Valeterisa was higher-level and, more importantly, more adept at magic than almost anyone in the modern age. Anyone non-immortal, almost definitely.
He felt bad for her, though. This was not his arena. Nor had he known she was going to do this.
Archmage Eldavin watched Valeterisa, but hadn’t forwarded Fissival’s isolated broadcast to Wistram News Network for pickup. He wasn’t sure if that would be doing her any favors.
He was certainly not on Fissival’s side. They spoke to him of the same complacency and idiocy he’d seen in Wistram. Only magnified by bigotry.
So this was where she had learned the magic she spoke of. Efficient, even radical by today’s standards.
Function over form. Valeterisa was levitating blocks of increasingly-heavy materials, seeming exasperated by the contest. She could, upon request, cast [Fireball].
“But why would I? Magic is more than combat magic.”
“Then show us, Archmage. Can you create a Golem?”
The unpleasant Drake, Sooral, sneered at Valeterisa. The Human woman replied without hesitation.
“Yes, of course.”
Eldavin chortled at the supercilious expression on the Drake’s face. But she was quick on her feet verbally.
“Then—kindly make one for us now.”
“I have no materials. And the process takes weeks even for skilled [Golem Artificers].”
“Weeks? Then how, pray tell, will Archmage Valeterisa contribute to Fissival? Will you personally sow the fields with magic bits of stone? How would you help us? Provide a Golem every two months? Will you commit to that?”
Eldavin rolled his eyes as he sat in a tub of mana-infused water. He glared at the scrying orb bobbing in the waters.
“Can you make a Golem? What do you provide? Say that, Valeterisa. [Urgent Message]. Valeterisa…”
