9.15 VM
Page 51
Valeterisa had been called. And she had answered. Now, the Archmage of Izril stood in the City of Magic, weeping.
“I am a citizen of Fissival. Second-Class Citizen Valeterisa. [Mage] of the Scholarium. Even if my home has never loved me—I have always loved it. I always wanted the Scholarium to be a bit proud of me. Just once. I stand here, in front of you. Can’t you acknowledge me? Even now?”
She gazed around, and thousands of students, her people, watched her. But the eyes of the people she wanted passed over her face. As if they were afraid to linger.
Even Dorigal saw that. The [Crafters], Montressa—and Valeterisa herself. Just as she had known. She hiccuped and then shook her head. Valeterisa slowly produced a handkerchief, blew into it, and stared at it.
She probably hadn’t [Cleansed] it in nine years. She tucked it away and then nodded. Her voice was slowly returning to normal. And like the old memories…Montressa heard a sigh in Valeterisa’s voice.
“Yes. I have loved Fissival. Coming here, I have felt all the reminders of why I left. Love. Pride in my city. Exasperation. Frustration. I see what it could be—but what it is. But if General Sserys asked me a second time, I would go. Because that is what it means to be a daughter of the walls.”
Ascoden closed his eyes. Montressa saw Valeterisa touch her chest slightly, and someone exhaled. Then, the Archmage of Izril’s eyes opened, and that clear gaze sparkled, the only bit of magic in her. A dreamy cloud as deep as a foreign world waiting to be explored.
“I have come home. It was painful, joyful, and all these other things. Now, to do what I have put off for a while. For you are right, Headmaster Tierres. Sooral. I am a [Mage] who loves only magic. It is so hard to balance that against my love of home. So—”
Her finger rose, and it touched the side of her head. Valeterisa whispered.
“[Clear Emotions].”
Montressa’s face slowly turned to one of dawning realization. The crowd susurrated. Did she just—? Pexalix closed his eyes, but Valeterisa’s tears stopped.
Her expression cleared, and her back straightened. She dabbed at her face again and seemed mystified by the tears. Then she gazed around.
“That’s better. Ah, now I see. I see you all, with neither love nor hatred. Headmaster Tierres, this is an optimal time. In witness of the Scholarium, I would like to submit a patent. After all, a spell need only be witnessed by three members of the Scholarium in good standing.”
“A patent?”
The Drake seemed wary, but he could hardly refuse her. Valeterisa nodded, and Cureq spoke derisively.
“If it’s ‘Valeterisa’s Uplifting Magic’, we have seen it, Archmage.”
She gave him a blank look without anything more than a vague impatience.
“No, this is new magic. I am casting it now. Please stand back, Montressa. Or hold me, but do one or the other.”
Montressa clung to Valeterisa’s arm gently, gazing up at Valeterisa’s face. But she did not see a wreck of emotions buried by magic. Just…a kind of sadness. Valeterisa had cleared her emotions, but not erased them.
She took nearly a minute to cast her spell as everyone watched. Not even Ascoden and Vors, closest to Valeterisa, could see the spell. But Montressa could. Valeterisa patted her on the head.
“Stop crying, apprentice. It was a good visit. Now—”
Her voice echoed a bit, then popped, and Montressa stumbled slightly, though she hadn’t moved. Valeterisa caught her, and she kept speaking.
“—it’s time to go.”
