9.15 VM
Page 41
Not enough. Her head rose, and sweat ran down her face. Vors saw the scrying spells focus on her, and then someone spoke.
How he had the ribs left to draw breath, the [General] didn’t know. How he had the gall to speak…he beggared belief.
For Dorigal spoke, leaning on Mage Lady Sooral’s arm.
“Fifty feet.”
Every head turned to him. The son of Dragial pointed a claw at Valeterisa. He spoke, his voice carrying.
“Fifty feet. That is all the Archmage of Izril can show us. It is more than I can do. But some day, I swear to you all. I will see Fissival fly beyond the clouds.”
He gave her a long, frustrated look. And almost—Vors almost tossed him over the edge of the plaza, but the boy did look at her with the barest glimmer of respect.
It was more than his teachers. Valeterisa’s head lowered, and their descent began to pick up. Ascoden reached for his mana potion.
“If we could link…”
His voice was frustrated, and it belied his realization that even if he, Vors, and Montressa linked, they probably wouldn’t give Valeterisa more than…what, five more minutes? She had already, clearly, gone through a number of mana potions.
Montressa was already giving Valeterisa some magic. She heard Valeterisa whispering.
“I don’t understand how to lift it. I just—tried. No data, no studies. How do you lift something that high? Stones. Professor…”
She glanced up as the old Drake approached. There were tears in his eyes as he beheld his student.
“You have taken the first step. The rest is up to us.”
He laid a trembling claw on her shoulder. More mana, but a drop in the bucket being emptied. The Archmage of Izril’s head sagged, and a hand caught her arm.
“Look at you. A hundred spells. It must be a hundred and you’re doing it without sitting, or even help? Milaw? Milaw, come here!”
Ierythe had hold of Valeterisa’s arm. Magic ran down her fingertips, and General Vors blinked. His mana was like a roaring torrent, reaching Valeterisa in a rush, as much as he could channel. Instead of that, he saw an old woman, a [Tailor], whose own clothes were hand-stitched and could probably last another age and be as comfortable as could be. A knitting needle stuck in her hair, holding it in a bun, a comfortable apron-skirt around her legs and woolen socks.
Just a citizen, no [Mage]. However, from her came a thin line of magic that connected her hand to Valeterisa’s arm as the Archmage turned. Pure, refined mana, like a shimmering thread, thinner than a vein, running into the Archmage.
Almost lossless transmission. Then a [Clockmaker] with a cap was running forwards, his mustache blown almost sideways by the wind. He joined Ierythe, and a [Butcher] followed, a Drake who linked so fast that he put a [Battlemage] to shame. A Drake flew a dozen feet, and his chair nearly brained the other [Crafters], but he was already adding his flow of mana.
The [Crafters] of Heneith Street joined in, and they were another drop in the river. Yet—Montressa saw the hands supporting Valeterisa, and her head rose. Her eyes closed and then focused.
A razor’s edge of concentration. The hazy mana leaking from her stopped, and Montressa saw, like threads, each spell connected to her refining itself, reducing the wasted magic. The Archmage exhaled, and the city’s fall slowed. General Vors stood there, feeling like a new student before masters.
How had he never seen this?
But they were still sinking. In desperation, Montressa cast around. If only someone had something to teach Valeterisa! If only…
