9.15 VM
Page 18
The [General] insisted. He turned to Valeterisa as Ascoden raised his brows. Vors gestured passionately at the view of the Scholarium in the distance.
“Yonder lies the Scholarium, our teleportation grid used to hurt the Gnolls—have you seen it, Valeterisa, Ascoden? It lies below the Draconae Scholarium proper.”
Valeterisa nodded.
“I know.”
Vors studied the academy.
“We have great teachers. Better than Wistram, I would dare say. They don’t often make great legends—but so what? The foundation is fine. After the revelations about Doombearers and the Plain’s Eye conspiracy? Our next generation, arriving in the coming months and years, should be Gnolls. Gnolls, a continent’s worth of them! They should be students of Fissival and go on to make Izril stronger. But they won’t come because we were part of their betrayal. We will never mend those rifts. Not unless we can prove Fissival is changing. And no Gnoll will trust our voice. But they might trust a Mage Lady of Fissival.”
He turned to Valeterisa, and Ascoden sighed.
“I hate it when people make sense. I see that point—although if you think more than a handful of Gnolls would trust that, I’ll sell you this mansion, Vors.”
“A handful is better than none. An Archmage is better than no one. If it is Valeterisa’s will, I will support her and drag as many Drakes who’ve been to Rhir into voting with me as I can.”
Vors turned to Valeterisa, and the Archmage sat there. So quietly, thinking. She stared at the Scholarium and murmured.
“If they will have me…General Sserys asked if I would fight for Izril. His ghost.”
Both Drakes went quiet, and Montressa felt another chill run down her spine. Valeterisa went on quietly.
“What do I have to do to win Fissival’s favor? Even if it isn’t the Scholarium.”
Ascoden had been about to break open an expensive bottle of Amentus wine, but he sighed and left it corked.
“No time for drinks. If you want to win—do it publicly. Prove your magic is better than theirs. Looks like I’m not done with duels. But are you sure we’re worth it, Archmage?”
He focused on her, serious, and Valeterisa exhaled slowly. She looked at Fissival and nodded.
“I came back home to show them my magic. Whatever they decide—let them see it.”
The Scholarium said the exact same thing that evening. If Archmage Valeterisa wanted to become the first non-Drake [Mage Lady] in an age, if she wanted to claim her magic was so advanced the City of Magic needed it—
Let her prove it.
 
——
 
It was like some task of old. Some ancient fable, a Herculean myth where Valeterisa had to perform incredible tasks of magic.
The only problem was—the game was rigged. It always was. This was a contest of popularity, and as citizens of Fissival and students followed Valeterisa’s war with the Scholarium’s Drakes, Montressa realized the greatest problem.
Valeterisa had no stage presence.
She had, in fact, the opposite. The Archmage of Izril was so un-flashy, so quiet, that even though she had the magical power of an Archmage of Wistram, people still took her for an ordinary Human woman. She was no Elia Arcsinger or Saliss of Lights, who attracted the eye, like it or not, just by breathing.
Nor was she even an Erin Solstice, who could turn on a kind of magnetism when she needed to. Yet Valeterisa tried.
 
——
 
Mage Lady Sooral and a cabal of the Scholarium’s [Mages], many of whom had been close associates of Wall Lord Dragial, were the vocal face of Valeterisa’s opposition. This number included Mage Lord Cureq and the younger Drake who had been pointed out as Dragial’s son.
