9.15 VM
Page 45
He didn’t wait for a reply, but ran for the upstairs. And as he did—he felt the ground suddenly lurch beneath him, and his stomach dropped for a second before it got used to the acceleration. He was laughing as, delayed in the scrying orb—
Fissival began to rise.
 
——
 
They were flying. Not by inches, not by feet, but up, faster, faster. Valeterisa knew that whatever force had been fighting her was gone. She climbed with Heorth, and he grinned at her.
“Go and see. Just go and see.”
Flames and wind blew down in a hurricane below, a pillar of flame. A copy of…another world. The Archmage of Izril flew out of that world of heat and air, and she saw the wind rising.
Leaves and grass floating upwards. It carried her up. She floated upwards alongside the rising City of Magic. This time…when she rose, she saw a sea of Drakes, scales of every color, staring at her. Staring as they rose into the air.
A hundred feet. Two hundred. Valeterisa flew higher, the mana of an entire city running through her. It was in her veins. But she almost didn’t feel it or the triumph.
She was gazing down at the City of Magic. And they were looking right back at her. Valeterisa gazed down through familiar streets she had run through as a girl. Then—her gaze picked out a single, tiny figure, frozen in place.
A little boy with dirty brown hair, no more than maybe five years of age, was gaping up at the Archmage of Izril. He had a wand in his hand that was fit for a child. Maybe he could cast spells with it; maybe not. He had robes cut short so he wouldn’t trip on them, and his round cheeks were slack.
He was gaping straight up at her as she flew overhead. The Archmage of Izril gazed down at him, and it was unclear who seemed more stupefied. Then she flew past him, glowing like a second sun of magic.
The City of Magic began to slow when it reached six hundred feet. But it was still climbing. Valeterisa didn’t know if it were her waning magical control or Heorth slowing it down. She knew from experience it grew harder to breathe the higher you went.
A thousand feet. That was more than enough. Her body was revolting against every second that it was chaining so many spells together; the mana she was conduit for was scorching her.
But Valeterisa closed her eyes as Fissival floated. The city looked out across Izril, and then—
Then, they saw. The students, the teachers, the citizens—
And the other cities.
 
——
 
The Teleportarium was in chaos. Supervisor Linnej had fled, and there was no point restoring the gravitational spells. The city was flying in Valeterisa’s hands.
So why was [Transporter Chief] Istrix here? He couldn’t have said why. He had looked out across the continent of Izril, and something had pulled him down here.
He stood in the map room of Izril and stared at the cities that pulsed when they wanted to send him something. He had long since stopped marveling—until the new lands had appeared and Fissival had sent dozens of ‘experts’ to confirm that this was legitimate and sell copies to the other Walled Cities.
Even now, the Teleportarium surprised Istrix. But he had forgotten…not all those surprises were bad.
Right now, the Drake was the only person seeing what was happening to the map. The glowing dots of the cities illuminated by Fissival’s Teleportarium network were…expanding.
Slowly. As the city rose, the bubble widened with increasing speed, and Istrix’s stunned eyes saw cities that hadn’t been part of the network for hundreds of years, thousands, beginning to glow. He didn’t understand—until he thought of the spell.
