9.15 VM
Page 48
It took a second for Bellien to find what he wanted, but then he pulled out a bunch of hand-illustrated images. They were pretty good, and the entire idea had been one of Troydel’s best, but he had personally refused to greenlight it.
The dangers of being above the earth were not unknown to Bellien. A two-floor elevator fall killed anyone but Grimalkin, or so their [Safety Consultants] loved to say. Besides that…it had been hard, even with Troydel’s explanations of physics, to believe.
Yes, birds and hot air and all that. But believing fire and air could lift people? Much less…well. Bellien stared at the image of Fissival. He had seen it rise. So, calmly, he hunted for his stamp and struck the paper describing a giant cloth balloon. Normally, he demanded a miniature proof-of-concept, and Troydel had never delivered one of those. But he supposed someone else could do the work for the lad. He struck the wood stamp down.
Plan approved.
 
——
 
Amidst it all, she descended. Archmage Valeterisa landed in the middle of the Scholarium, and Fissival’s citizens and students and [Mages] surrounded her.
“This changes nothing.”
Who said that? Montressa raised her foot to kick—
Mage Lord Ascoden. He stared up dreamily at Valeterisa. Smiling, but sadly. She landed on the ground and eye him.
“That is what I wanted to show them. I was challenged to demonstrate magic. So I have. Regardless of anything else—that is magic.”
Her eyes were alight, and she was almost smiling, but it faded as Professor Worpell and the Scholarium’s elite walked forwards. The Drake was not smiling. But even she looked at Valeterisa differently.
“Archmage of Izril.”
The whisper ran through the crowd. Valeterisa studied Worpell and waited.
“Valeterisa. You are without a doubt one of the finest [Mages] living. No one can deny that after this moment. You have done what Fissival has long known it can do. You seek the magics of old, and for your accomplishments, you have been acclaimed an Archmage, a title that speaks for itself.”
Worpell sounded exhausted, but Montressa didn’t miss what she’d said. Her eyes widened with outrage, but Valeterisa forestalled her. She simply listened.
“I have not the…the…strength to watch over the Scholarium. Headmaster Tierres, I leave it to you. I am tired. My great students pass, and I will not stand against Valeterisa’s instatement in the Scholarium.”
The old Drake seemed as though she aged with every second. The [Professor] sagged, and someone, Dorigal, helped her step back. Her scales were grey, but another Drake took her place.
Montressa had never met Headmaster Tierres before, but one look told her that the second of Fissival’s Three stood before her.
Magic’s director glanced at Valeterisa, and she blinked at him. He was as old as Worpell, and she knew him too.
“Oh, Headmaster Tierres. What would you like to say?”
The old Drake had gold-rimmed glasses, and unlike Worpell, he did use a magical tool to keep himself upright. But unlike Chaldion, his cane was magical and hopped; it was tall and shaped such that he could lean on it wherever he went.
Montressa could see why he didn’t move around much. But he was not ignorant of Valeterisa and the debate around her. The old headmaster spoke slowly.
“…I still oppose it.”
The Scholarium buzzed. Students were incredulous, citizens aghast. The second of Fissival’s Three went on as Hexa and a female Drake that Montressa didn’t know hurried forwards. Tierres went on.
