9.15 VM
Page 52
That was all. Montressa felt nor saw anything else until she looked up. Then…she saw Tierres’ white face. His scales had turned dead white. And Montressa had to crane her head to see Worpell’s expression. Because…
She and Valeterisa were about two dozen paces left of where they’d been. The Archmage of Izril turned. A few [Students] seemed puzzled.
“That’s it? That’s just [Lesser Teleport].”
Cassa, one of the young students who’d first seen Valeterisa, muttered. Then someone kicked her in the tail.
“You idiot. You idiot.”
Kadril, the older student, muttered to them. He was shaking. He pointed a claw at Valeterisa and said what had all the other members of the Scholarium speechless.
“It’s impossible to [Teleport] in Fissival. Even [Archmages] of old couldn’t do it. Only the Teleportarium works! Only—”
Then his voice choked off. Valeterisa turned, and her eyes caught them all.
“I submit my patent: [Network Teleport]. It makes use of existing magics. I would prefer not to scribe the exact methodology of the spell.”
She stared down at her feet again, and this time…Montressa saw her tracing the Teleportarium, staring at the leylines written long ago. Valeterisa glanced up, and Headmaster Tierres was frozen in shock.
He only spoke after half a minute of dead silence. His voice wavered.
“Accepted. And I want to say, Archmage Valeterisa…”
His eyes searched hers as Valeterisa took his clawed hand and shook it vaguely. She neither smiled nor scowled. The Archmage of Izril bowed and then nodded to Montressa.
“Thank you, Headmaster. Now, I believe it’s time to go. Apprentice…no. Montressa. Are you fit to travel?”
It took a heartbeat for the Scholarium to realize that Valeterisa was walking for the edge of the plaza. Montressa began to follow, and someone called out.
“Wait. Where are you going?”
“North. Somewhere. I’ve missed my niece’s birthday for eight years. And I have other engagements. Including Wall Lord Ilvriss.”
Valeterisa called out absently. Someone ran after her.
“W-wait. When will you be back? We need to learn that spell.”
“Learn? Why?”
Valeterisa turned, and Mage Lord Cureq’s mouth worked.
“Because it’s teleportation. Along Fissival’s networks! We can go anywhere with it! If we restore the Teleportarium—”
“—You could go anywhere it reaches. Or build a new, self-contained grid. Yes.”
“So you need to teach us, Valeterisa—”
“Why?”
The Archmage of Izril stared at the Mage Lord. Slowly, she tapped her finger against her chest.
“I have the patent. For economic purposes, that seemed like a very wise investment.”
“But you have to teach us!”
Cureq shouted. Valeterisa just gazed at him.
“But that would devalue my magic. And it seems to me Fissival was never the right spot. I thought about the Great Plains, but…no. The High Passes.”
“The High Passes?”
He couldn’t catch on, but everyone else did. Montressa looked up, and Valeterisa spoke musingly.
“There is a door, but it barely works. I wish to study magic. Together. With apprentices and [Mages] and resources. I will do it somewhere with access to north and south. Building a new teleportation network is not impossible, and the most value is in the center of Izril. Liscor, maybe. If Fissival ever figures out the spell, I will, of course, expect my patent to stand. It has been witnessed by most of the Scholarium.”
Now they got it. Ascoden saw General Vors slowly sag as Hexa and dozens of other [Mages] tried to run forwards, but Valeterisa was just…going.
“Valeterisa, wait! Your position—give us a chance to say—”
“I heard you the first time.”
