9.15 VM
Page 19
Professor Worpell, General Hexa, and the rest were more circumspect, carefully appearing neutral.
They were having their showdown on the central channel of Fissival Today, the premiere broadcasting news network that…no one outside of Fissival knew about. Pallass was supreme, and other Walled Cities, even, had declined to pick up the broadcasts.
Still, you could get a pretty good image even deep in the Scholarium’s bowels. More precisely, even the Teleportarium’s work teams got to watch the magical contest while waiting, transporting, and loading up goods for long-range transit to their vassal cities.
It was supposed to be lighter work since they were at war with Salazsar and thus a lot of cities were abstaining from the network’s trade, but in reality, now the Teleportarium had to pull in military supplies, send ‘secret’ documents that everyone knew contained something High Command wanted their allies to get that couldn’t be contained in a letter or was too dangerous to put in a [Message] spell.
It was obvious. You got a ‘top-priority’ delivery, and no one was allowed to sneeze on the boxes as they were loaded in. Then one of the members of the work teams you never saw regularly, or some Drake with the right clothing but who got in the way of everything, would linger around the boxes. You never saw them slip anything inside, but maybe they were just checking for tampering? Then away it went, and you’d never see them until the next delivery—or unless a pallet got lost.
The Teleportarium was a vast underground space filled with cargo docks and magical sending spaces; it was built into the very bones of the Scholarium, and if you glanced up, you could see magical power high above, laid into the very foundations of the ceiling.
[Transporter Chief] Istrix also got to rub shoulders with the technical mages who made sure the actual network was running. They repaired breaks in the magical circuits, dealt with magicore spills, and sometimes warned him to turn everything off like when the Magical Hurricane was present.
Istrix suspected the Drakes who maintained Fissival’s ancient teleportation spells only half-knew what was going on. He had a better sense for when something was off. Eighteen years at the job had given him an instinct. Plus, the Scholarium-trained mages looked down on the loader crews who performed the manual labor.
However, both groups were watching the scrying orb while ‘working’. A [Mage] who looked like he hadn’t seen the light of day for a long time peered at the contest.
“Is that her?”
He was doubtful. Archmage Valeterisa was…not impressive. Oh, she had faintly green hair, which was unusual on Humans, but she wasn’t as striking as, say, Mars the Illusionist. In fact, her hair was a frizzy mess, which was at least somewhat interesting, and she was blinking into a cup of tea as she cast around for her spectacles.
Which were on her head. Some of the [Mages] clearly against having her here, flunkies for the Mage Lords and their leaders, snorted.
“And this is the Human we should bend over backwards for and give a noble title to? Our Archmage of Izril?”
“Mm.”
Istrix kept his voice carefully neutral. One of the younger [Mages], a [Ritualist] in charge of sitting and watching the Teleportarium’s mana flow all day, scratched at his tail.
“I’ve seen worse. You know, she graduated in four years?”
“Probably an exaggeration. Aren’t you supposed to be on monitor-duty?”
The [Supervisor] snapped irritably. The younger [Ritualist] twitched his tail.
“In twenty minutes. I’m on my lunch break.”
“Well—don’t be late. I’ll be checking!”
