9.15 VM
Page 23
He angrily jabbed a spell through the air, but Valeterisa’s image was probably five minutes delayed. She replied absently as she lifted a hand. Eldavin watched, groaning.
He should be there. Should he try to make it in time? He doubted he could risk it, even if he wanted to try a teleportation spell. And—he received a reply to his [Message].
 
From Archmage Valeterisa to Eldavin:
I have this in hand. Thank you for your concern. This is my city.
 
She even added subject lines. Eldavin sighed—then he sat up in his tub as the Valeterisa on the time-delay began to reply to Sooral.
“Oh no. Don’t do it! Not here—”
The Archmage of Izril raised her hand. She spoke slowly, glancing around.
“Help farmers. I would not use Golems for that. If I were to change Fissival’s farms, I would infuse the soil with mana. And to till the ground in place of citizens, I would do this. [Summon Skeletons].”
In front of Eldavin’s horrified eyes, a glowing pile of bones rose. It wasn’t the same as [Animate Dead] because she had no body to use as a vector. And yet—it didn’t matter. The horrified Drakes cried out as Valeterisa pointed at the skeletons.
“In Khelt, skeletons till the fields. It was proven by the Archmage of Death, Perril Chandler, that skeletons can provide for a nation’s food supplies. When he lived—”
 
——
 
“—even Calanfer and the Dawn Concordat, nations like Pheislant, Desonis, and even Avel were experimenting with undead laborers. The stigma against necromancy does not diminish its ability to create a workforce superior to Familiars, Golems, or summoned beings. If we did teach [Necromancers] as Mage Lady Sooral suggests—”
Valeterisa got no further before a lick of fire magic blew the skeletons to bits and the crowd’s booing and shouts drowned her out. She glanced up, and a stone bounced off a magical barrier protecting her—and then her apprentice raised a shield.
Sooral stood, triumphantly shouting at the death magic on display. Like a demagogue leading the most passionate members of the crowd. Yet Valeterisa didn’t flinch. She stared dreamily upwards at the rain of stones, around at the booing figures—then straight into the scrying orb.
She knew it was there. She knew she was being watched. It was not that Valeterisa didn’t care. It was that she was competing in her way.
Madness. Yet—she was also correct. [Overgrowth] was a poor spell to raise plants. Skeletons could till fields.
She spoke to Eldavin like a [Mage] of old times, but the half-Elf barely remembered the names and times—only that she had that echo in her voice.
Yet there were still people who remembered, fully, what [Mages] had been like in days before Zelkyr had become the Archmage of Izril and everyone had followed after. Someone remembered that yes, other nations had asked for his students to provide them with cheap, inexhaustible labor. And he had modeled his skeletons upon Khelt as well.
Az’kerash, Perril Chandler, the [Archmage of Death], was watching her too. He had not concerned himself with Valeterisa any more than Amerys; they were living ‘Archmages’ on the level of Feor.
But she invoked his name. So of course, he watched her. A [Mage] who belonged in a different era.
Not even his. Not the flash and drama of the turbulent Naga Incursions, nor the rise of Az’kerash, but an older guard. She should have been a scholar of magic wandering ever upwards in Wistram’s ancient halls, pushing the boundaries of magic.
