9.15 VM
Page 29
A thin ray of light burst out of Ascoden’s wand. It was bright blue, close to a piercing white, and it shot into the nearest open doorway. But instead of just…stopping there like a laser pointer from Earth, it did something Jacques recognized.
It bounced. Like a pool ball ricocheting off the side of a billiards table—which he knew by heart—the ray of light bounced off the wall and then struck the opposite wall. Then it bounced again and again, criss-crossing the hallway. And it was one of hundreds.
Light spells. Just a thin ray of light, bouncing around the Scholarium. It probably seemed like a dazzling display as the spells struck students, bounced from classroom to classroom, and crisscrossed the Scholarium at, well, the speed of light.
The little rays did nothing, incidentally. A few [Students] flinched, but the light wasn’t even blinding, just intense. So what was the point? It was only when Milaw muttered that Jacques began to figure out what the Drake was doing.
“My [Measure Distance] spell—”
Then the Mage Lord grinned. His eyes were flickering, and it had taken him ten minutes to cast a Tier 4 spell. Most took seconds, if that. But the complexity had meant…he muttered.
“Four, five…six. Got you. Phase two. [Seeker Arrows of Lightning]. [Enhance Spell: Paralysis].”
Then he raised his wand and began firing dozens of crackling arrows into the sky. Jacques saw the arrows spin up—then curve crazily. They flew in six directions, into one of the towers, through a dome, and a dozen shot into the hallway that the first light ray had gone. Then—they began bouncing, copying the vector of one of the light spells precisely.
“Oh. Seeking.”
Eun slapped his forehead. Saif was gaping in amazement and delight.
“He just scanned them! Eun! No one at Wistram could do that! Did you see that? He just detected them and—”
—And now he had their locations. In fact, the light rays were still bouncing, so that even if the other [Mages] were moving—
Jacques saw a screaming Drake dive out an open window. He got up, began to cast a barrier spell, and a little beam of light shining on his back guided a dozen crackling arrows right into him. The Drake jerked as they struck him with flashes of electricity, and then he keeled over.
“Cureq!”
His friends shouted in horror as the paralyzed Drake did his best impression of a dead racoon. The students were pointing in delight and amazement. Only General Vors grunted.
“Too complex for anyone to cast except if they have time. The math required to fire those spells…it’s easier just to cast [Magma Wave]. But it is elegant.”
Light. Light and numbers and you could find anyone, no matter where they hid. Ascoden fired a second volley as he detected his targets decreasing in number. Some blocked his spells or evaded them, but the Mage Lord just stood behind Montressa’s barriers, cheerfully unloading on them until the last [Mage] surrendered and emerged, scorched and twitching with static. Ascoden raised his claw in a fist and shouted.
“To the Archmage of Izril! Has any [Mage] in Fissival created a spell like this in recent memory?”
The Scholarium rang with cheers, more booing, and arguments. Mage Lady Sooral scowled around as Montressa sagged in relief, and the [Mage Lady] hurried over to confer with Worpell. But where…where was Archmage Valeterisa?
 
——
 
The audience watching Fissival Today had witnessed Ascoden’s demonstration of Valeterisa’s spell. It was indeed complex. But did it change your mind about her? Already, a Drake was demanding Valeterisa show herself.
