9.15 VM
Page 9
“Were you a close supporter of his? He was exiled from Fissival, if I recall. You were always fond of him, although he barely noticed us, being three years ahead.”
The other Drake’s cheeks blushed with fury.
“Don’t speak of him that way! He was exiled purely on political reasons; the Scholarium never revoked his status. He was a [Mage Lord] of Fissival.”
“A graduate. So was I. I never liked him. He bullied me quite often. I was surprised he died at the Meeting of Tribes. I would have thought he knew better than to join a war. He was always bad at direct combat magic. Summoning was his forte.”
Valeterisa sounded oddly dispassionate as she stared at a distant memory. Sooral gasped for outrage. Her voice trembled as she aimed a finger at the Archmage.
“You never fit in the academy. You and your…‘self-proven theories’. Just because you won a few duels and patented a spell, you think that gives you the right to look down on Dragial?”
Her tail was lashing the ground in irritation. Valeterisa shifted, and Montressa, glancing at the other watching Drakes now, thought the Archmage was almost trying to hold a smile.
“Not for that. But he was three years ahead of me. And I graduated before him.”
Sooral gasped in fury. She had a wand at her side in one of the holsters there, and her claw twitched for that.
“I should have you expelled on the spot! Not just from the Scholarium, but from the entire city!”
“I am a citizen of Fissival. And a [Mage] of the Scholarium.”
“I am a Mage Lady of Fissival—”
Valeterisa cut her off suddenly.
“—And I have done nothing wrong. You cannot play tricks on me anymore. I just realized that. You can probably still make my life more difficult, but if you would like to directly punish me, you would need to duel me. Formally. If you would like to issue a challenge, go ahead.”
Slowly, Valeterisa drew her wand, and the Mage Lady hesitated. Montressa, in her shoes, would have hesitated. She had seen Valeterisa’s poor duel against Fyres—but she’d also seen how it ended, and somehow, she didn’t think Valeterisa would be as inept against Sooral.
A crowd had gathered, now, mostly of students, and the [Mage Lady] looked around as she unconsciously took a step back.
“I…don’t have the mana to waste on you, Valeterisa. Nor the patience!”
She turned, and Valeterisa called at her back.
“Drakes don’t run. Coward. Isn’t that what you said to me, Sooral?”
The yellow-scaled Drake froze mid-step and nearly turned, but she kept walking. Valeterisa focused on Sooral’s back and then turned. Montressa was beaming, but Valeterisa was not as she began walking away.
“Archmage, that was incredible. Who was that?”
“A Drake. Who was in my year. I did not like her. I wish that made me feel better.”
Valeterisa wasn’t smiling as Montressa glanced up in astonishment.
“You embarrassed her publicly! She didn’t dare challenge you!”
She pointed out, hoping it made Valeterisa smile, but the Archmage just shrugged.
“No. I was the one who bullied her. It doesn’t change what a younger Valeterisa went through decades ago. Dragial is dead. He would have caused trouble, laws or not. She might, but he…”
She slowed and glanced around blankly.
“Not even the Drakes who hated me most are alive anymore. I’m not their enemy. Almost all of them just forgot about me.”
She shook her head. Montressa’s feeling of vicarious pride and satisfaction faded away. Valeterisa turned, and a few more Drakes were watching her. She nodded to them.
“Professor Worpell. Magus Lord Cureq. General Hexa. And…”
