9.15 VM
Page 27
The Earthers were watching the magic duel, and some, like Eun and Saif, were cheering on Montressa. But others, like Jacques or Damla, were just…resigned.
“We left Wistram for the City of Magic. We’re still useless captives. What’s the point?”
He sat there, glaring at nothing in particular. He was wearing native Fissival clothing, which didn’t make him stand out that much. He could have been any Human from anywhere, and he certainly had no great class or levels, and he hadn’t picked up magic like some of the others.
The only interesting bit of apparel he had was, in fact, a glove on one hand. But only one hand. It was odd, and to many, practically useless.
Because unlike regular gloves, his was skin-tight, made from some kind of advanced material beyond cotton, and it exposed his fingers. The tips of his fore and middle finger, and both his pinkie and ring finger completely.
Why? It fascinated some of the [Crafters], especially the [Tailor], Ierythe, who had never seen the fabric before.
That single bit of clothing was Jacques’ only real possession from home, along with an object that was completely useless. Telim had been trying to help him, but the moody young man held what appeared to be a polished stick of wood with a chalk tip across his lap.
That, too, was the only thing he’d been holding when he arrived in this world. Damla patted him on the shoulder.
“Maybe you can build your game here.”
“Game?”
General Vors glanced over, and Jacques raised his head.
“Just a recreational game. No one had the time or ability to make it back in Wistram. It’s not as interesting as Saif and his gun.”
He scowled down. The [General] glanced around for an explanation, and Damla whispered to him. She had an accent, and she was another non-native speaker to English, an odd concept to the Drake.
“He’s actually a professional player at his game. It’s called pool or billiards.”
An expert in a game that didn’t exist. General Vors nodded in sympathy, then he watched Montressa faltering.
“She’s not going to last until Ascoden finishes his spell. Not like that. She’s running out of mana, and her barrier’s going down faster than she can replenish it.”
That was the opinion of the Scholarium, which meant that Ascoden would be in trouble. In fact, several [Teachers] were giving impromptu lessons to their students on the way some of the [Mages] were curving spells or sending rains of arrows high before aiming them down. They all needed line of sight, but they were doing that with scrying spells or sharing the coordinates.
It was hard to hit a target hidden in the Scholarium’s corridors, and even if Montressa had been intent on firing back, she couldn’t see her opponents.
And her barriers were failing. Vors heard a loud voice as one of the [Professors] decided the firestorm was too loud for her liking.
“You can see, class, that the [Aegiscaster] here has deployed her barrier well. It’s anchored, and she is replenishing multiple layers simultaneously. Even so, it’s wasting mana because it’s covering a wide dispersal. Nor can she block the spells; each strike eats away at her reserves.”
Vors raised his eyebrows as one of the world’s finest barrier-experts, Wardmistress Geyasa, began critiquing Montressa’s work less than three dozen paces away from the Human.
 
——
 
Montressa didn’t hear Geyasa at first, but when the [Wardmistress] began insulting her spell, she turned red with outrage. The Drake pointed at her barrier as her class scribbled notes.
