9.15 VM
Page 50
Wing Commander Embria’s forkful of noodles finally fell into her bowl and splashed some of the hot broth into her face. Imani’s attempt at ramen was growing cold in her new establishment, Barefoot Kitchens. You needed a reservation these days, and Wing Commander Embria had gotten one for the leaders of the other companies from Liscor’s real army.
Wing Commander Xith and Narkr sat next to Embria, open-mouthed. Narkr almost rose in outrage, her tail twitching in disbelief. Then she looked around at the silent Liscorians. They had all heard that voice, and an entire city listened.
General Sserys. She had seen Liscor’s army turn on Zeres and Manus. Slowly, Wing Commander Narkr sat down. She looked at Valeterisa, and those words made her scales chill without end. Not crawl, nor her stomach sink.
Daughter of the Walls. She had seen that in her very dreams. A helmeted head glancing the way of a girl born in Liscor’s army. A wild grin, and a voice. If you heard it, just stand up and go. That glorious [General] who had escaped even death to jump into one last fight.
 
——
 
“I am a Daughter of the Walls. If you had called me like him, I would have come. For twenty years I waited, but not once. Not during the Antinium Wars, nor any time since have you ever needed me.”
Valeterisa’s voice reached more than just Liscor, though it echoed throughout the entire city. A Wall Lord lowered his head and pressed his claws into his forehead.
Ilvriss, of Salazsar, wondered if he were looking at a mirror. Not of Valeterisa—but of the stupid faces of the Scholarium. He saw a reflection of an older Drake, but still, his head rose, and he looked at Valeterisa. He spoke to Osthia, Nerul, and Xesci.
“Her. We need her.”
 
——
 
Ilvriss’ gaze followed Valeterisa along with Fetohep of Khelt, sitting upon his throne in Khelt. The king’s golden flames burned brighter in their sockets, for here was an outrage to his nation. A servant, poorly served.
“They were unworthy of you, Archmage.”
 
——
 
The King of Destruction agreed. He looked at Valeterisa and turned to Amerys.
“Now there is your peer, Amerys. If she had stood on Zeres’ walls or against the Antinium, where would we be now?”
The Archmage of Chandrar turned to Valeterisa, and her gaze sparked with sympathy. But disappointment as well.
“If we had met on the battlefield time and time again serving two great causes, Wistram would now be free and I would be an [Archmage] in truth.”
Her eyes shone with fury for a rival lost and magic cast aside. The King of Destruction just nodded sadly.
 
——
 
And Rafaema of Manus looked at Valeterisa and wondered if that was how she would look in four hundred more years. She raised her claws to her face and wondered if Valeterisa’s tears were hot or cold.
For hers crackled with lightning, and they wouldn’t stop.
“No more. At least use us well. No more.”
She turned away, then turned back to keep watching, like someone seeing a vision of the future. Rafaema’s wings opened, and she almost flew out the window, but she waited.
Waited, because there was something else. There had to be. She looked north and then at Valeterisa.
Not her. She could not live like that. The Lightning Dragon spread her wings and roared until Manus’ fortress shook. She had a thousand questions to ask her kin. A thousand questions, like thunder, of how to stop this. How many had they thrown away? How many children of the walls? Rafaema turned back and watched the sorry end to this tale.
If only she had been a Dragon. They would have loved her too well.
 
——
 
