9.15 VM
Page 16
“Some [Architect] decided a mansion full of magic walls was the thing to do. The last Mage Lady died in here. No one found her body because it was closed off. Guess who found it when he was touring the real estate?”
He held up a claw. Montressa shuddered, and Ascoden smiled.
“The bright side was, I got this entire place dirt-cheap. But I’m not often at home. As one of Fissival’s actual combat-ready Mage Lords, they have me on interesting assignments everywhere. Like breaking a bunch of Earthers out of Wistram. I thought it was a suicide mission, and after eating a punch from Cognita Truestone—or rather, a Golem she was controlling, I know it was a suicide mission. If it wasn’t for Archmage Amerys and Gazi Pathseeker causing havoc, we’d have never made it out. Even with Depth Magus Doroumata.”
“You fought Cognita?”
Montressa was awed. Ascoden motioned the familiar away as Valeterisa sipped from her cup.
“‘Fought’ is generous. She was somehow—taking over Golems remotely. Which no, I didn’t know she could do and wasn’t in any of our records about her. She still tore through every [Mage] she came across, proxies or no. I watched her shred through half my barriers and ran, screaming. I think she let me go out of pity.”
“You’re exaggerating. You have more magical competence than most [Mages] in Wistram on the Council.”
Valeterisa was more direct, and Ascoden smiled tightly.
“That’s gratifying to hear. Fissival hasn’t fallen that far behind. But I’m behind you in as many levels as years, I suspect, Archmage.”
That was surprising to Montressa. She knew Valeterisa was Level 52, but Ascoden was Level 48.
“Level 48, after surviving the breakout. Hugely gratifying. They’re already planning my 50th, whenever that is. But Level 48 and Level 50 are worlds apart. It’s easier to get from Level 40 to Level 46 than it is to gain one level for a capstone.”
This was all true, but it was still only three levels. Yet Ascoden was purely admiring.
“Even without the level difference—[Mages] are among the slowest-levelling classes past Level 50. That’s true of everyone since it’s exponentially harder, but Archmage Valeterisa is still far more capable than I am in magic without having the levels to show for it.”
“And why is that?”
Montressa saw Valeterisa shift, seeming embarrassed by the compliment. She replied in a low voice, cheeks slightly flushed.
“Consider deeds. Like Professor Pexalix would say—the size of the rock matters. Or if you lift one at all.”
Montressa raised her brows, and General Vors sighed.
“I knew I should have taken his class. Now, can someone explain what the hell that means?”
Ascoden smiled.
“[Warriors] level by fighting. The dicier the situation, the more levels. You can reliably level in many classes from [Strategist] to most fighting ones by surviving, say, an Adult Creler. But a [Mage]? We gain some experience from fighting, but that’s not magic. To level as a [Mage]…”
“…Perform great magic.”
Montressa sighed. It all made sense. Valeterisa chimed in.
“It is also harder to work such great magics. It would be akin to a warrior scaling a mountain. Most spells cannot, in one cast, tax a Level 50 [Mage].”
“That’s just a lack of our spellcasting knowledge. Which is why I admire and am a proponent of anyone who can discover or create new spells. Like Archmage Valeterisa. Professor Pex referenced you, and I looked up your history. You have a few fans among the students.”
“For what?”
Valeterisa looked blank, and Ascoden chuckled.
