9.15 VM
Page 47
Distinctly orange. There was no median point between blue and red. If anything, the orange-yellow color was crossed with a violet center, like someone really wanted you to tell this was not a normal status.
“What the hell does that mean?”
Istrix whispered. More Drakes were running downstairs, and General Vors and Mage Lord Ascoden stopped when they saw the map of Izril. Istrix just pointed.
“Look. Pallass…Hectval…that must be Liscor. All the cities in that region. Heading down…Zeres is clear, but—”
Dozens of cities in a kind of downwards stain were all showing the same color. As if something was…wrong. But what? From Liscor to Pallass, every city wasn’t ready to send. Dead gods, Zeres seemed like it was ready to send fish or something, and someone was trying to load a crate of mangos in exchange for ‘coffee’.
But what was this? Then Vors whispered.
“No. Forget that. Look. The north.”
Every head rose, and Ascoden’s scales shivered. He saw no cities there. This was an old map, and the new area had been added in. But…there were some dead lights in the north.
General Vors slowly turned, and he was no student of Magus Grimalkin. But he thought the Sinew Magus would quite have approved as Vors gave an order.
“Get me all the paper in the Scholarium. Copy—write everything down.”
There were even cities in the new lands. Old or new? But the map was already fading.
 
——
 
Fissival was sinking. Drifting downwards, unable to sustain its altitude. Maybe there was something about gravity that the levitation spells couldn’t fight.
Yet the proof was more than a permanent fixture in the heavens. Every single person in the city had seen the City of Magic truly flying.
That vision could inspire. It was something to reclaim.
It was already changing the world.
For instance, [Chief Engineer] Bellien was someone whose name you probably shouldn’t know. He had no expectation anyone would know his name.
[Chief Engineer] was a class. It didn’t mean he was in charge of all of Pallass’ Engineering Guild. Good thing too, because that was a political role, and he liked his place where he was on the day-crews. It was a fine time to be alive, working on huge projects and learning new concepts of…well, everything.
Ideas were flooding into the Engineering Guild so fast that even the best were sleepless, dreaming of new concepts. But they needed…industry. And more knowledge! And more points of reference.
Yet they had a guiding star, and Chaldion had promised more, soon. Bellien was eager to meet them.
Especially if they were easier to deal with than Troydel. The young man had given a lot of erratic lectures, and they needed someone who could start from the bottom, not tell them a Drake could fly and go from there.
He was a work in progress. For example…Bellien was hunting for a sheaf of documents. Every week, Troydel had to submit a new one, and he had achieved the Engineering Guild record for most proposals refused already.
Then again, most junior members didn’t have the right to submit proposals for budgets, but it was how Troydel was learning to submit and create blueprints. Bellien had to admit he’d gotten better, but that wasn’t, uh, a huge first step.
Most of what Troydel wanted to make was highly, highly complex, and while some ideas were being greenlit and in progress—like copies of the bicycles and Felkhr’s entire wing of support staff—Troydel’s ideas had thus far never survived on their own merits.
