9.15 VM
Page 31
Dorigal jumped. He was a tall Drake and had inherited his father’s features. Dragial had been handsome, though a lot of what that meant was about the way your neck spines looked in conjunction with your tail, along with your face. His scales were turquoise, like a bright river flowing into a brighter yellow down his tail.
Striking. And he had a lot of magical potential. No wonder he was so popular. If he could summon at his age…
He was very much like Dragial. His glare was almost the same, but there was more uncertainty to it.
He was afraid of her. Valeterisa hovered in the air as everyone gazed up. Sooral stood next to Dorigal like she was trying to protect him, but he just pushed past her.
“Face me, Archmage. I challenge you to a duel. We may be levels apart, but I challenge you to a duel of summons!”
Valeterisa regarded him blankly. That would favor him, if he was a specialist. However…she just shook her head.
“What would be the point? If I win, what does that prove? I have beaten Dragial, your father, and I have bested other [Mages] of Fissival. Ascoden has defeated six [Mages].”
“Ascoden is not you, Valeterisa. Do you have the magic to impress the Scholarium?”
Sooral blustered. The Archmage of Izril floated downwards, studying the Mage Lady.
“Is the power to kill someone magic? Should I impress the Scholarium by winning a duel? I came home to show Fissival what I had learned. I have been gone for two decades. In that time, I have gone to every continent, studied thousands of spells. Is this…all you respect?”
She watched the rising Battle Golem, so disappointed that it made Sooral’s scales flush in anger.
“Spoken like an elitist Wistram Mage. Magic should be practical. We are at war with another Walled City. The Death of Magic is back, and the King of Destruction is awake! If magic cannot defend us, what good is it? I would lay down my life to defend Fissival. You want to be a Mage Lady and you cannot even stoop to a duel, Valeterisa?”
Valeterisa stood there, stooped, looking at Sooral. She glanced around, at the watchers, at the camera recording her, and spoke slowly.
“Then should I duel and kill you, Sooral? If you want me to prove myself that way—I will.”
The Mage Lady froze. Valeterisa drew her wand slowly. But Dorigal barred her path. He lifted a staff and glared at her.
“A true [Mage] should be a leader, a visionary, and inspire as well as defend. You are a self-interested Human, Archmage Valeterisa. That is why I intend to oppose you. You claim Fissival needs you so much we should make you a Mage Lady. Why should your magic supercede all of the Draconae Scholarium?”
That was the crux of the argument. Students and teachers nodded as they watched her. Valeterisa eyed the rising Golem and replied, again, without waiting, without hesitation.
“Because I am a better mage than you. In levels, in knowledge.”
Dorigal clenched his teeth, and Sooral hissed in fury. But Valeterisa just straightened, and now, a firmer tone entered her voice.
“A [Mage]. A [Mage] should be a leader? They should inspire? Why is that? A [Mage] should care about only one thing: magic. Magic is not good nor evil. It is more than a tool; it is the greatest mystery. It can solve any problem, perform any task. But we dip our toes in it and call ourselves [Mages]. This entire contest is not magic. It is a show of lights.”
Dorigal was outraged. He planted himself behind his summoned warrior.
“Then prove yourself better! Archmage! Face me!”
The Archmage of Izril turned and eyed the Battle Golem. She looked at Dorigal. Then she shook her head.
