9.15 VM
Page 34
She didn’t see magic here. She eyed the Scholarium, home to the ancient teleportation grid, and focused on her shoes. She saw the magic running through the City of Fissival. But it seemed like a lie.
“Perhaps you’re right.”
Valeterisa replied to Sooral at last, and the Mage Lady blinked. Slowly, Valeterisa turned. Her feet left the ground, and she muttered.
“[Levitation].”
She began to float off, away from the plaza. Sooral’s eyes flickered as she tried to figure out Valeterisa’s trick. She decided for a parting shot instead.
“You cannot even fly, Valeterisa! If we had to take an Archmage, at least Eldavin could cast [Flight]!”
Valeterisa turned her head once, and Sooral ducked at the expression on the Archmage of Izril’s face. But Valeterisa just snapped back.
“[Flight] is a faster spell and far more maneuverable, it is true. But [Levitation] costs less than a quarter of the mana, because once you are levitating, you do not incur more mana drain. If you could cast either, you would know the distinction.”
Then she turned and flew off. She left her apprentice behind, her supporters, the people she had grown up with. The Scholarium, and even the City of Fissival.
Valeterisa flew into the air, away from it all. That was easy—but even if she flew high and far, this was her city. She peered down and saw the entrances to the Grand Library where Heorth resided. She gazed down and saw a few Drake children pointing up at her.
They were wearing robes and wands. She cast around and wondered if she could see a little Human girl, waving a wand and laughing at magic.
It should be wondrous. It should make sense. It should be logic and grace and art and deeper than all those things combined.
It would be easy to leave now. To say she had heard Fissival and depart. But. Valeterisa had shown Fissival no magic yet.
 
——
 
If you stood outside the City of Fissival, just past the walls by one of the guard-towers or the edge of the basin where it rested, you could see the greatest claim of the City of Magic.
The city flew.
Look at it. It was a tiny bit off the ground. Half an inch. See?
Plenty of people tripped or even broke toes on that little lip. Wagons broke wheels—the guards at the ‘gates’ had seen it all. And what a few had realized was that the ‘height’ of the flying city actually changed subtly.
It was like…breathing. Or floating in water. The city actually varied in that half an inch of clearance from the ground. A bit up, a bit down. At its ‘highest’, it might be two entire inches off the ground, and you could see a tiny bit of compressed dirt, then it would sink until it was actually level or lower than the ground.
So it floated in the air. Good for the city. Did it matter?
Well…the Human woman lying on her stomach and studying the slowly rising and falling city clearly thought so. One of the [Guards] was about to tell her to get moving—not that she was doing anything wrong—until they realized it was the Archmage of Izril.
“Er…Archmage Valeterisa, what are you doing?”
She didn’t answer at first. Her lips were moving, and she was…counting? She only raised her head when the [Guard Captain] spoke.
“How long does it take for the city to rise and fall in a full cycle?”
He blinked, but he was familiar enough with the city’s phenomenon that the answer sprang to his lips.
“Er—about fourteen minutes. Why?”
“Hm.”
