9.15 VM
Page 26
A layered barrier of shifting, violet magic anchored itself around Ascoden and Montressa in a dome. It encased them from above and all sides—and just in time.
The first arcing [Lightning Bolt] crashed down five seconds later. Montressa flinched, but her [Arcane Barrier] took the impact without even the first layer going down, and it began to strengthen as she fed it mana.
She knew [Barrier] spells. Whether her opponents guessed it or not, she was a bad matchup for them at range. More spells began flashing out of the air, and Montressa gulped.
This wasn’t a rain of Tier 2 or even Tier 3 spells from low-level [Mages]. At least two of the Drakes on the other side were Mage Lords, and even if they weren’t almost Level 50 like Ascoden—
A hundred arrows of light crashed down on her shields followed by a boulder like a catapult’s shot striking her. More lightning crackled as her first ward went down. Montressa brought it back up at once, pushing more mana and restoring the broken ward.
“Not bad. You could find a place in my forces. Alright, nine more minutes.”
Ascoden stood there, one eye open to check on Montressa’s spells. Now, he closed both his eyes and stood, his wand glowing as he flicked it in subtle gestures. Montressa glanced sideways at him. She couldn’t even see his spellcasting—was he keeping it hidden?
“Nine minutes?”
She didn’t know if she’d be able to do it! All six [Mages] had spread out, and it seemed like they had found spots to snipe spells at her from all angles. They were cautious at first, waiting for her to reply, but when it became clear Ascoden wasn’t casting any spells, they started unleashing everything they had. No [Siege Fireballs]—ironically, their splitting up due to caution had prevented them from casting link spells.
She could stop at least one [Siege Fireball], but Montressa didn’t have unlimited mana. Ascoden just gritted his teeth.
“Sorry, I’m working as fast as I can. Don’t talk to me unless you’re going to lose the barriers. This is a stupidly tricky…”
He lapsed into silence, and Montressa raised her arms, her staff glowing as she just—held the barrier.
It reminded her of the Adult Creler smashing itself into the barrier, spitting that horrific deadly projectile as Crelers swarmed around her. She had failed, then, as well.
You could not defend forever. Maybe, if she had unlimited mana—but Montressa saw two wards vanish and then a third before she restored the first one. Five layers…the last one was toughest, but two minutes had passed and three were down and the fourth was melting under the onslaught.
And still, Valeterisa was nowhere to be seen. The bystanders were watching avidly. The sight of Montressa holding her spell up in front of six of the Scholarium’s spellcasters, even at range? She was doing Wistram proud.
Yet—yet—Montressa heard someone cheering her. Was it Milaw? She almost thought it was. She saw, out of the corner of her eyes, Saif and Eun cheering her. But the thought crept in as Montressa saw Ascoden’s lips move.
She was no battlemage or adventurer herself. That was true. Not everyone was cut out for the split-second decisions in battle, yet Montressa had at least survived close encounters with death.
And yet—even if she were no great warrior, Valeterisa could be a terror on the battlefield. Montressa studied her best spell, her barrier. And she knew it was worthy of a Gold-rank adventurer.
Yet how inelegant it seemed. Surely…
Was this all there was to my magic?
 
 ——
 
