9.15 VM
Page 25
The Mage Lord cupped his claws to his mouth, and Montressa saw Cureq stiffen in outrage. The Earthers were watching with interest, and so was the crowd. Ascoden knew a bit more of how to put on a show.
“Come on! Any six of the Scholarium against two [Mages] who support Archmage Valeterisa! Her apprentice and someone who’s studied her magic! Or would you like me to make it eight? Ten?”
His opponents grew increasingly furious. They had to know Ascoden’s level, but six [Mages] versus two…Montressa gulped as Cureq motioned another Mage Lord over. But Ascoden just winked.
“Don’t worry. So long as the military doesn’t join in, we’ll be battling [Battle Mages] at most. General Hexa has seen a battle, but this lot don’t like close-quarters combat. What’s your best barrier spell?”
“[F-Fivefold Arcane Barrier]?”
Ascoden’s eyes brightened, and he grinned toothily.
“That will do. Just buy me…ten minutes. They’ll open up slow.”
Ten minutes? Montressa grew more nervous, and she searched around for Valeterisa, but her mentor had just floated off after the booing. Where was she?
“Why would Archmage Valeterisa be a better duel? Or—more boring?”
Ascoden sighed as he watched his opponents arguing over who got to face them. He nodded at Professor Worpell and the silent, older members of the Scholarium watching with the students and citizens.
“Even Worpell…no, any [Mage] in Fissival. I would love to see Valeterisa duel them. It might not impress the citizens, but I would love to see her duel. Because unlike us—hers would be a thing of beauty.”
“How do you mean?”
Ascoden chuckled slightly.
“I mean, she wouldn’t win because of her levels. She would win because she knew better magic. She was an acclaimed duelist in the four years she spent at Fissival, and even Wistram. Not because she was some multi-class fighting expert. Rather, because she thought about how to break her opponent’s spells. I have always regretted not seeing that and that no recordings of the duels existed.”
Montressa thought back to Valeterisa’s duel with Fyres. She nodded. Then, at last, a team of six stepped forwards.
“The duel will take place in the Scholarium’s halls—endangering the public or students is unacceptable! This is not a duel to the death!”
Professor Worpell announced loudly. Ascoden muttered to Montressa.
“That means they’ll still be throwing [Lightning Bolts], but they can’t look like they deliberately want to kill you. Keep a personal barrier up and surrender if you need to.”
“What’s the plan?”
“Mm. Just cover me and yourself for ten minutes. I’ll finish the battle, but I need to cast a spell.”
It must be a high-Tier one. Montressa licked her lips. The ‘Magistorm Battles’ were a lot more organized than Wistram’s random duels. The other six [Mages] even had time to find a spot and fortify. But instead, they hurried into the Scholarium, disappearing through the open doors, and Montressa pointed in outrage.
“They’re hiding in the classrooms?”
The other students were still going to class or out and about. Ascoden grinned.
“Of course they are. Or I’d [Fireball] Cureq with impunity. In a sense, it’s more realistic. But they’ll be sniping at us. Ready?”
Montressa gulped. She planted her staff, and she was conscious of the scrying spells on her. Worpell counted down, her voice magnified and echoing throughout the Scholarium’s plaza.
“—four! Three! Two, one—”
“[Fivefold Arcane Barrier]!”
Montressa shouted and thrust the staff down before Worpell even finished. The Drake stared at her and stepped back.
