9.15 VM
Page 21
“If we are competing, I would like to make a few points. The [Overgrowth] spell is…traditionally quite effective. In emergency settings. My own research into the spell suggests that it is often employed by Silver and Gold-rank adventurers. I cite, um, [Green Mage] Moore of the Halfseekers as a member currently using the spell. However, I would like to add that this spell is not traditionally employed by any [Druids] in any Circle on Izril or elsewhere.”
The citizens watched Valeterisa blankly, and she took this as a sign to go on. Mage Lady Sooral was smirking as Valeterisa fumbled with her bag of holding.
“I used to have a study…no. My notes are at home. The [Overgrowth] spell can create a tree like this in seconds. However, in 99% of all cases, the tree will wither and die within a week or less. The spell destroys the seedling’s potential for growth.”
The [Druid] had stopped smiling and glowered at Valeterisa as the citizens murmured. Istrix wondered if this was true. He’d seen this trick before…but come to think of it, he didn’t see random trees just littered around the parks.
Interesting. Valeterisa searched around and found an acorn on the ground. She levitated it up, and then some dirt and grass scooped itself out of the ground.
“Here is my spell. [Create Mana: Death].”
Something flashed in her hands. Valeterisa raised something, and her audience recoiled in alarm.
“Did she say—?”
Istrix saw the Archmage of Izril lift something up. Valeterisa held…a tiny bit of quartz. A plain little gem with mundane stone still clinging to it. Yet the clear bit had a dark luster that was unnatural and remained even in the light. Slowly, Valeterisa inserted it into the handful of dirt—and then produced another stone.
“[Create Mana: Earth].”
She repeated the process with four more pieces of quartz, inserted them into the dirt, and looked around vaguely.
“I need a pot.”
Her apprentice began to hurry around desperately, but Valeterisa pointed, and a granite bowl resembling a common planting pot rose out of the ground as the soil shifted. She dumped the dirt, acorn, and magical stones into the pot and stared at it blankly.
“[Water Spray].”
A jet of water hit the pot, and Valeterisa gazed at the muddy mess. She pointed, and it rose. She turned to her audience and spoke once more.
“—The fastest way I have discovered to grow a plant without Skills that will last and bear fruit is to embed mana stones into the ground. Not just life magic, but death magic. Noelictus’ fields are famously productive because plants consume and flourish on death mana. Fissival could buy quartz from Salazsar and enhance fields with mana.”
She put the pot down on the ground, then straightened. She peered around vaguely, met Sooral’s eyes, and coughed gently into one hand.
“I’m done.”
The Mage Lady blinked at her opponent. Then she chuckled behind one claw.
“So that is the Archmage’s rebuttal? Observe!”
She pointed at the muddy pot and the tree, full-grown. The audience laughed along with her, but Istrix did not. He rested his chin on his claw, mildly fascinated.
He had never known plants ate death magic, and to judge by the younger [Mages] of the Scholarium chattering, neither did they. Yet, clearly, Valeterisa was not showing off.
She might need to. The next [Mage] to step forwards had more muscles than most of the [Loaders]. He announced himself as a disciple of the Sinew Magus, Grimalkin. His demonstration was to have someone conjure a huge block of stone.
