9.15 VM
Page 5
The unlucky student nearly dropped the rock in fright. Montressa raised her brows as the Drake shot to his feet. She glanced over and saw Valeterisa was watching him. She had a slight smile on her face, and so Montressa’s interest reached a zenith. She listened, and both Human [Mages] walked over a bit as the [Professor] began to rant.
“Do you know what you’ve done?”
“N-no, Professor Pexalix, sir? What did I do?”
Pexalix glared at the Drake and gestured to the rock.
“You picked up the rock!”
She hesitated. Now, the class really was laughing, and some of the older Drakes and students who were familiar with Pexalix were rolling their eyes. The student hesitated and peered at him.
“Yes. And…?”
“You’ve wasted your life. Look at her, class! Look what she did! She had to stand up, walk over here, and pick up the rock. She’s wasted five seconds, six, perhaps, of her life! Her life. She’ll never get that back. Six seconds. Are you fine with this, Miss…?”
Now, the young Drake was certain she’d stepped into a trap and was trying to make the best of it.
“Naithorne, Professor. It’s only a few seconds. What’s the problem?”
The [Professor]’s eyes glinted. He glanced up and saw Valeterisa, but he went on as if she weren’t there.
“Oh, to be so young. Miss Naithorne. How many rocks or objects do you think you’ll pick up in your life?”
“Um. I don’t know. Thousands? Tens of thousands?”
“Thousands. And if each time you wasted six seconds, how many minutes does that become? Hours? Let’s assume you picked up only a hundred thousand objects in your entire life. Multiply that by six seconds. How much time have you wasted? Anyone? I know most of you graduated from your basic mathematics course.”
Six hundred thousand seconds divided up…one Drake raised his claw, amused.
“About seven days, sir.”
“Seven days of her life. Gone. Just like that. And that’s assuming only six seconds.”
“Even seven days doesn’t sound that bad, if I live to be a hundred, Professor.”
Now, Naithorne was trying to be difficult. But Pexalix’s eyes were still glinting.
“Oh, how charitable. But that rock is there not to just be your personal lifting device, Miss Naithorne, but a metaphorical rock for us all. Let’s assume you are content with wasting seven days of your life. Tell me. How many citizens live in Fissival?”
No one knew that off the top of their head.
“Millions, sir?”
“Millions, correct. Every single person now loses seven days of their life. How many years would…three million Drakes lose to lifting that rock?”
He didn’t wait for an answer, although Valeterisa was working on it. Pexalix spun, and Montressa began to understand what he was saying as he strode back to his seat.
“Lifting that rock can be easy. If you have an arm and you feel like standing up, you can lift it. But let’s say I want to save myself the time. How else might I lift the rock? And since I’ve taught this class, no ‘smart’ answers like your tail, your other hand, your foot, or your mouth. Assume we are limbless, bodiless people.”
The students were warming to his lesson now. A hand shot up, and a Dullahan boy spoke, cautiously, as he held his head up.
“Magic, sir?”
“A classic answer for a [Mage]. Yes, magic. Levitation, teleportation, a pillar of earth, even wind—”
Now, the [Professor] gestured, and the rock gently floated up. It fell, then a pillar of earth lifted it before a wind spell blew it around and nearly brained a passing [Professor]. Pexalix raised an apologetic claw as his class laughed.
