9.15 VM
Page 30
“I am Mage Dorigal, son of the great Mage Lord, Dragial. If the Archmage is so confident in her abilities—let her face me.”
“Oh, Ancestors. Look at that. He can summon monsters! It looks like he’s summoning some kind of Battle Golem.”
His audience watched as the Drake planted himself in the ground and, ignoring the Drakes trying to dissuade him, began summoning a monster from the ground.
[Transporter Chief] Istrix knew summoned monsters were both mana intensive and hard to create. It was easier to have a pre-made Golem or animate something. But some [Summoners] had powerful beings they could control.
By the looks of it, Dragial’s kid had inherited his father’s minions. A lot were not fans of this kid or his father, so they were somewhat eager to see the Archmage take him on.
“No question he gets knocked out. Did you know that the Archmage once dueled Dragial? Apparently she spanked him when they were students. She’ll swat his son like a bug.”
“No doubt.”
The Drake [Supervisor] had stormed off as the delighted [Ritualist] and other [Mages] and [Loaders] gossiped. They watched as the first head of the Battle Golem slowly rose out of the summoning circle.
“How do you summon a Golem, anyways?”
That was a puzzler for Istrix and most of the [Mages]. Someone replied after a beat, coming back from studying the teleportation circles.
“You would need to essentially ‘capture’ the essence of the monster, person, or creation you want to summon. He probably has the Golem’s Heart. So while it costs a ridiculous amount of mana, the Golem may be summoned again and again. People are even more complex, but heirlooms, even body parts, can be used to summon them.”
“Wild. But it’s still a Golem. You saw the Archmage fly. She could probably blast that Drake to pieces, even if he’s got a dozen summons.”
Everyone else agreed. However, the same voice sounded…dispirited.
“Of course I could kill him. But what is the point? We are more than killers. Is combat the only way to prove anything?”
Istrix opened his mouth, then he caught onto an odd word in that statement.
‘I’?
He turned his head and peered at the Human woman hovering behind him. Valeterisa stared at the [Transporter Chief] and then at the scrying orb. The Drakes turned and nearly leapt out of their scales.
“You? How did you—?”
“I was just curious. I’ve taken all the transcribing I need. I didn’t touch anything, but they never let me work here when I was in the Scholarium. I suppose I need to answer that? Good day to you all.”
Valeterisa cast around and then sighed as she watched the scrying orb. She flew off as one of the Drakes ran to tell the [Supervisor]. Istrix’s jaw dropped. He swung around—then his eyes flashed back to the scrying orb. She had been there. Now—
He turned to look at the boring room where goods appeared and disappeared. So few [Mages] ever came down here after the first time. There was nothing to see. The Teleportarium was old magic. Old and broken.
So why did his scales prick with a sudden chill? Suddenly, Istrix had a burning certainty that something was wrong with the Teleportarium. He called an immediate halt to the day’s teleportations and told everyone to go on break while someone inspected it. He practically ran up to the Scholarium to see the rest.
 
——
 
“Hello there. What are you doing?”
