9.15 VM
Page 54
“If Fissival holds back its people from doing what they wish, then we never were a free city of magic, and they were never truly citizens, even Second-Class. If they do—I will come against them with Salazsar’s armies. As the Archmage of Izril.”
Mage Lord Ascoden smiled. He laughed and then held out a claw. Valeterisa took it, and his grip was light as he met her eyes.
“Call. No matter if it tears out Fissival’s heart and leaves it bleeding. It is a long process to fix this city or build a new one wherever you go. But call. Better to fight for our heart than lose it.”
The Archmage of Izril nodded, then she turned and beckoned to her apprentice. Side-by-side, they walked out the door, and the City of Magic flew quietly behind them, low to the ground, as they flew away from it.
Valeterisa looked back several times, but when Montressa asked her how she was feeling, she just shook her head.
“I’m leaving again. I’ve left another Valeterisa behind, and I will never know how she lived or whether she was happier. But I think this one will be fine.”
And then, empty-handed, they continued on their way. But someone noticed everything that had happened. So there was a reward. There had to be. It wouldn’t have been fair, otherwise. Even if magic was its own reward—
For the people of levels, there was always this.
 
[Aegiscaster Level 34!]
[Skill — Spell Reflection Barrier (Lesser) obtained]
[Skill — Enraging Taunt obtained!]
 
[Grand Magus of Mind and Studies Level 54!]
[Spell — Conjure Midnight Familiar obtained!]
[Skill — My Mana Runs Thick as Blood obtained!]
[Skill — Arcane Discovery (Weekly) obtained!]
 
…What was that last one? Did that mean what it sounded like? Two people woke up in a small tent with very mixed emotions.
“Valeterisa! Valeterisa, guess what? I leveled! I got a new Skill for my barriers, and—”
“Eight years.”
“Hm?”
“Eight years ago, I reached Level 50 and consolidated my class into [Grand Magus of Mind and Studies]. I gained [Parallel Thoughts] and leveled twice that year, without Skills.”
“A-Archmage?”
“Eight years!”
 
——
 
So the City of Magic’s student left it sitting on the coast and waited. Waiting for the day, once more, when she returned home.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: This chapter is about 33,000 words. I have done some editing on the third day, but no rewrite of Volume 1. Mainly because it is my understanding I wrote about 30,000 words in two days.
On my final chapter before my break. Let’s just say that it’s tiring and say that’s an understatement.
However, I swear to you, I had plans for a more sedate, slice-of-life Valeterisa chapter. Then I realized I had two chapters instead of one and it grew ambitious.
It’s not my fault. I just like writing this story. Anyways, I am going to rest and I’ll come back stronger than ever. For now, the Archmage of Izril has her chapter. Everyone deserves their own chapter.
But I’ve got a lot of time. I’ll write your chapter for a million…two…eight billion…I don’t have time to write your chapter, but I wish I did. I hope you understand Valeterisa now, and I’ll see you in a bit. Wish me lots of rest! Thanks for reading.
 
 
The High Passes by Enuryn the [Naturalist]!


Portfolio: https://enuryndraws.art/
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/enuryn
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Enuryn_Nat



 

