9.15 VM
Page 7
His students eyed each other. Some of them murmured, and Montressa herself was curious. Now that he mentioned it—why not indeed? It sounded easy. She’d heard of Pisces’ sewer-cleaning Bone Horror, but why not just scour the damn place? Maybe Liscor lacked for the right [Mages], but she was sure Fissival could do it.
Pexalix knew the answer, which was why he’d brought it up. He ticked the points off on his clawed hand.
“A few reasons, class. Firstly? Magic is money, and many [Mages] consider the work beneath them. It is far cheaper to hire some Second-Class Citizens than to hire a Level 30 [Mage]. Second? Size. Fissival’s sewers are vast and—consider the [Cleanse] spell. It scales up the mana cost with the amount it needs to clean. Perhaps there is a [Mass Cleanse] spell, but who could cast that? But lastly—we have found that if you obsessively [Cleanse] an area of filth, the resulting overly-clean area can have dire consequences and backlash of its own.”
“Really?”
The class was fascinated. Pexalix grimaced.
“I will be assigning you books on magical disasters, and the Sewer Purge disaster will be your reading material tonight. It happened in our very sewers. We shall discuss magical mishaps—but suffice it to say that [Cleanse] was not a cure-all.”
Montressa eyed Valeterisa, and the Archmage of Izril refused to meet her eyes. She muttered out of the corner of her mouth.
“It only applies to huge quantities of filth.”
“So you were still courting disaster, Archmage?”
The reply popped out of Montressa’s mouth before she could help it. Valeterisa blinked and then narrowed her eyes as Montressa turned red. Then she smiled and glowered at the same time.
Yet Pexalix was going on.
“And yet, my class. And yet. It would be all too convenient to say, ‘oh, magic cannot solve everything. We must hire [Cleaners] and that is that’. If [Cleanse] cannot do the job, we are stuck. Is that fair?”
By this point, some of his students, like Naithorne, were wise enough to wait. But Pexalix had baited a few nods from his students, and his next explosion was the most gregarious still.
“Are you insane?”
He was on his feet again and striding past students recoiling, leaning back, but his eyes were ablaze with passion for his subject. The [Professor] slapped his chest with one claw and the ground with his tail.
“You are all students of the Draconae Scholarium, the greatest magic-school of Izril! If you give up on a problem because one spell does not work, you do not deserve to be [Mages]. Magic can solve the sewer problem. It is my belief it can solve any problem. Perhaps not efficiently, but it can be done. Magic is more than a [Fireball]. How else could you clean the sewers? Anyone?”
He swung around and almost fell to his knees.
“Anyone. One spell! One original thought in the Scholarium, for the love of Dragons!”
“Well, what about enchanting a mop? Or summoning a familiar? Or just casting [Tidal Wave]?”
Pexalix glanced up. Montressa du Valeross saw his students glance at her, but she hadn’t been able to resist. The [Professor] smiled.
“Ah, now there’s an idea. And Fissival has employed all those things. And Golems. Then we used our Golems in war, and the sewers became the job of citizens once more. Yet magic remains. Magic can do anything, even make magic simpler. Isn’t that right, Archmage Valeterisa?”
Every head turned, and the students stared as Valeterisa bowed slightly. She peered at the old [Professor], who had broken the code of the Scholarium, and smiled.
