9.15 VM
Page 44
Thermals were rising across the City of Magic. Flame and dirt and smoke—but the air magic the Archmage of Izril was casting was intensifying.
After all, hot air rose. Birds floated on thermals from warm areas, and it could, perhaps, even propel larger beings into the air.
Maybe even a city. Now, [Earthen Spires] were trying to push the City of Magic higher along with the increasing jets of flames and air currents.
It should be working. It should—for a city of one solid mass like Fissival? Even if it wasn’t perfectly aerodynamic, so much force was pushing upwards and it had no weight—why wasn’t it flying?
[Ritualist] Kories knew the answer. He sat in the Teleportarium, watching an image of the Archmage of Izril. His supervisor, who was sniffing one robe and wondering why it stank—was growling.
“Our gravity stabilization spells are fighting, General Hexa! We can’t pour any more into the spell.”
“We’re flying.”
Kories spoke quietly, and the rest of the team below glanced at him. None of them had been allowed to see it with their own eyes, but they had felt it, seen the news coverage. She was on Wistram News Network, and they were flying—but there were spells anchoring Fissival to the ground that were now fighting the Archmage of Izril.
Fighting Fissival. Its citizens were pouring magic into the Archmage’s spells, and here he was. The [Supervisor] snapped at him.
“This city only flies when it wants to! Keep an eye on the Teleportarium!”
The [Ritualist] opened his mouth—then he stared at the magicore network that showed the cities nearby Fissival. It was a small, broken part of the continent. But what had astounded the few Drakes allowed down here was…
This map was one of the most complete in the world. For it showed the new lands of Izril in perfect detail. It only looked a bit like a butt. The network had reconfigured itself in the days after the Meeting of Tribes. Yet…only the Walled City of Gems, Salazsar, and a tiny circle of lights indicated places where the Teleportarium’s power could reach.
No wonder Fissival had sacrificed the network in the Great Plains. Kories studied the map as he watched Valeterisa fighting, refusing to give in. As his [Supervisor] stomped past him to speak to General Hexa more privately, he nudged Kories.
Pretty hard, because the young Drake slammed forwards with a cry of pain. The rest of the team peered at him as the [Supervisor] backed up.
“What? What—sorry, General Hexa, just a klutz. Kories, pick yourself up and—oh Ancestors.”
The [Ritualist] pushed himself up and then noticed his claws. He stared at something on his claws. It was…a little jade key. Multicolored, from the green everyone thought of to a pearly white. It had been inserted in a little socket at the magical panel he had been sitting at. Right now, it was attached to his thumb-claw. He’d accidentally pulled it out.
“Put it back! Put it back—”
The [Supervisor] began freaking out. But it was no good. The key was part of a magical link. When the link was severed, you had to restart everything. You couldn’t just jam it back in. Of course, it was supposed to be locked, but the [Supervisor] must have forgotten to turn it in all the excitement.
“Supervisor Linnej. Report! What is going on?”
Supreme General Hexa was shouting, and Linnej was frozen in place as the entire panel went dark. Kories helpfully answered for him.
“Er…the gravitation spells, Supreme General? They just went offline.”
