9.15 VM
Page 14
Her highly egotistical, nay, outrageous, provocatively dangerous offer. At least, to hear Valeterisa’s detractors describe it.
You see, two narratives were dueling. Or maybe two perspectives, between Valeterisa’s allies and her enemies, and they had everything from tales of her as a student to recent events like her participation in the war at the Meeting of Tribes.
It was charitable to say that Valeterisa was starting from a position of weakness in getting anyone on her side, but then again—Wall Lord Dragial and his followers were essentially the same bloc who hated Valeterisa and didn’t want her near any official position of power in Fissival.
They did not speak for all of Fissival. In fact, Dragial’s own actions, such as battling Lehra Ruinstrider and sullying Fissival’s name until he was expelled, spoke to the existing rift in the City of Magic. He had enough power to call upon an army, but the revelation that Fissival had stolen Gnolls’ magic had entrenched the differences such that while Valeterisa was being slandered by some powerful members of the Scholarium, that same divide was giving her allies who hated Dragial.
That was the broad overlay. Now—what were the stakes? Simply put, if Valeterisa got her way, Fissival got themselves the Archmage of Izril in residency. They would grant her all the rights of a Mage Lady of Fissival—and that was a powerful position theoretically on par with Ilvriss’ own authority.
In practice, it would probably be limited, but it was a lot of funding, free space, and authority that even Valeterisa would like. It would give Fissival a powerful, if erratic and sometimes-absent, ally and Valeterisa her base to continue magic studies and a lot of the Scholarium’s in-built resources.
A win for both sides, in theory. Montressa didn’t like it. She didn’t think Valeterisa needed to be part of Fissival or that the marriage would be good for either.
Surprisingly, Valeterisa’s closest allies seemed to agree. Wall Lord Ascoden, General Vors, and the [Crafters] were all shocked by Valeterisa’s announcement and tried to talk her out of it. This all took place as the Scholarium argued, students began to take sides and even duel over the issue, and the Earthers were introduced to Fissival.
Montressa knew Saif, the kid with the airsoft gun. Eun, from South Korea, Andrea, and Jacques were the only other ones she could identify by name. However, there were nearly two dozen more Humans, who found the City of Fissival as dismaying as it was interesting.
“Here comes the new jail cell, same as the old one. Speaking of which, I saw that Valeterisa person at the banquet. And Miss Montressa. Did we come to another continent just to see the same faces? How are they here when we were on that boat for weeks?”
Saif was complaining loudly. Magus Lord Ascoden was poking around the house that they’d allotted the Earthers. Montressa was still staring around.
An entire street would belong to the Earthers, entrenched in one of the districts alongside the Scholarium. Either the city had a bunch of houses they’d left unused or someone had been evicted, but that was a Walled City’s power.
They wanted to show the Earthers some hospitality, so Fissival food, including the weird Sap String, was being carted to the hungry Humans, who had come off a ship just hours ago.
And already, the other Walled Cities were getting mad. Ascoden came out of one of the rooms, tucking a bit of scorched paper into one pocket.
“Eyes of Pallass. The Cyclops must be mad; that seemed too obvious. Which means there’s something I’ve missed. Call for Geyasa.”
