9.15 VM
Page 43
“Go downstairs, now.”
“She’s not going to kill us, Mom—”
“No, the plaza! Get to the plaza.”
The idea caught hold like a bolt of lightning falling among pieces of metal on the ground. Drakes looked up and realized what Valeterisa needed. It might not have been the power of friendship as they streamed into the plaza and the gentle drain on mana began taking from thousands—but another beam shot up into the air as someone manually activated the Grand Plaza of Strength. Valeterisa turned to it and saw another beam shoot up, bright ochre. She closed her eyes.
Maybe it wasn’t friendship or even liking her. Maybe they just really wanted to see what she could show them. Maybe they wanted to see—
Magic.
She would try to answer them, then. Valeterisa flew across the City of Magic and began to cast a new spell. She took the mana floating up from the Grand Plazas and dove.
They were barely thirty feet above the earth now, and if the City of Magic sank further, she might well be crushed to death, unable to teleport in Fissival’s contained network.
Yet—Valeterisa had an idea. A theory, born of Earth’s knowledge. Fire. Fire and air. There was nothing gentle about it, no [Levitation] or [Reverse Gravity]—but sometimes magic was fire and science.
The Archmage of Izril dove for that narrowing gap between earth and sky, and realized…she was too late.
Someone had beaten her to the center of the City of Magic’s base. His wings cascaded around him, turning to clouds, and his scales flashed with iridescent cream turning to a golden sunrise. His eyes were gleaming with pride.
The Djinni of the Great Library, Heorth, was carrying the City of Fissival as he slowed its fall. Just like that statue in the plaza. Valeterisa stopped a moment, and he spoke.
“In the Age of Reckoning, when they first bound me to the library and the Gnolls reemerged from far below, six young Dragons would lift this city into the sky. The lazy ones called me to help. They did it with wings. A full Dragon could do it without help. Valeterisa. Show me what an Archmage of this era can do.”
His eyes glowed brighter, and Valeterisa exhaled. She saw the city sink another inch and placed her hand on the City of Magic’s base. But she did not heave nor push—she was no Magus Grimalkin.
Nor could even he do this. Valeterisa’s own eyes began to glow. The Djinni, Heorth, felt the winds pick up.
He was a being of Clouds-Knowledge-Magic. At his heart, in his very inception lay the synergy of essence to manage the Great Library. He had seen this magic before, and his pointed teeth flashed as he laughed.
“[Directed Spell: Windstorm of Karaz].”
The first spell that Valeterisa cast blasted so much dirt into the air that the Drakes closest to the edges of Fissival saw it rise like a wall of dirt. It wasn’t enough, of course. Valeterisa bound the spell, aiming it straight down as Heorth bought her time.
“What…can you show me?”
“I have to—remove the limiter on the spell. [Mages] suffer no backwash of spells. But I have to inflict it on us.”
Valeterisa’s lips moved as the Djinni whispered to her. She pointed down, then touched his arm.
“[Greater Fire Resistance]. But I can’t cast it on you—”
“Mundane flames won’t harm me. Do it.”
Valeterisa pointed her wand down as the ground closed in.
“Then—[Empowered Spell: Flame Jet]. [Whiteflame Jet].”
The first wave of fire blasted downwards, and the heat baked the dirt. Then it turned white, and the Djinni felt the first sear of flame on his body. But he grinned—because the roaring wind stoked the fire. And it grew warm.
 
——
 
