9.15 VM
Page 12
He grimaced. Even the other Drakes of the Scholarium seemed uneasy at that level of sheer magical power, but Valeterisa was fascinated.
“Expendable armies. Eldavin is capable of the same thing, but I cannot imagine he has the scope yet. Highly efficient. Professor Pexalix, did you hear…?”
“Ah, that would be the flip side of the positive world of magic I hope my students will build. I see we’ve finally decided to talk to the Archmage of Izril, have we? Good evening, Miss. I never got your name.”
Pexalix had finished his class in the time since they’d begun talking. Now, he stepped into the circle, and Worpell glared at him.
“This conversation of Rhir is a separate issue to Fissival’s concerns.”
“Yet the Demons concern everyone, with the greatest respect, Professor. I was dismayed at their power. One Deathless is countering countless nations sending forces to combat her. Frankly, I believe her to be a greater threat than the King of Destruction by far. I returned to present my opinion to the Scholarium to find us at war with Salazsar!”
“Over their treachery!”
Hexa glared at Vors, in clear disbelief at this break within Fissival’s military ranks. However, she was no Chaldion, and Vors shot back, his tones rising in anger.
“Because they sided with the Gnolls? We did not have to march on the Meeting of Tribes! And I have yet to get a clear answer—who convinced Fissival’s Three to send our armies there?”
“Wall Lord Dragial.”
Cureq spoke, and the silence that followed was complete. Vors exhaled.
“Then it seems as though his ambitions have cost us dearly. And ended with him.”
“No. Not ended.”
Vors’ head snapped up, and he focused on Valeterisa. She gazed at Cureq and cast around. The angry Mage Lady Sooral…even Worpell, Hexa? Valeterisa’s head moved around, and then Montressa felt an itch between her shoulder blades. She turned and saw a Drake watching her.
He didn’t look much distinguished from the other Drakes. Turquoise, which Montressa supposed was handsome or unique? He wore robes, and he was probably either a full mage or close; his aura was fairly good, but he was young. What made him stand out, perhaps, was the intensity of that glare.
It was venomous. And he stood next to Sooral and a lot of younger [Mages]. Valeterisa spoke slowly, glancing around. She was replying to Vors, but putting something together with a resigned air.
“Ah, I see it now. Dragial never really lost power, did he? I didn’t know he was so famous, but he was always well-loved here. Teachers liked him. And the students went on to become leaders. Dragial’s dead. But it seems…he had a son.”
Montressa felt a sinking feeling in her stomach. Worpell’s mouth closed tightly, and Vors glanced around and then clenched his jaw as something went click in his head. As for Valeterisa? She nodded.
“It makes sense. He was famously promiscuous as a student.”
Pexalix snorted, but Valeterisa was already turning. She gazed at Worpell and sighed.
“Will the Scholarium at least hear me?”
“Not formally for two months. We are unfortunately busy. If you would like to speak to other members, that is, of course, your right.”
The [Professor] replied with that same fake polite tone. Valeterisa exhaled.
“I will not be staying two months. Will anyone speak to me or listen before then?”
She cast around again, and the students watched her avidly, whispering, and now hearing rumors spread from her enemies mixed with old tales of her glory. Vors began to nod, but Hexa just turned away.
“You and I will have a cup of tea, Valeterisa.”
