9.15 VM
Page 8
“Yes, Professor Pexalix. In these days, magic is a single spell. But what is a ritual of old, or a grand spell, but a thousand little spells built upon each other? That rock you hold is a mundane rock, but upon millions of its kind we made the Walled Cities. Can a spell create food? Or if not food, can a Golem plow a field? Can a spell cast a spell? I believe it can. We have simply forgotten how.”
Montressa’s head turned, and her eyes opened wide in disbelief. Can a spell cast a spell? Valeterisa sounded like one of the [High Mages] of Wistram, like Telim, higher still on Sa’la’s more recreational herbs.
Yet Valeterisa and Pexalix held each other’s gaze in perfect seriousness, and the [Professor] chuckled slowly.
“She just gave away the last part of my course. Ah, and here is a former student of mine and Fissival’s. Archmage Valeterisa. We may have to cut the class short, students.”
“Not for me. Studying, magic, are their own rewards.”
She stood there, and the old [Professor] looked her up and down. Montressa wondered who had aged more in the time they had not seen each other. From the deep fondness, sadness, and regret in his eyes—she felt like it was not him. Yet Valeterisa still smiled, and she met her old teacher’s eyes as he exhaled, proud.
“Yes. So great [Mages] have always said. Later, then. Where was I? Sewers? Well, since we have been spoiled on the premise of magic—yes, we’re going to review spells. Why do we cast a [Fireball] with the woven-method? And if you don’t know what I’m talking about, then we had better get the idea into your heads that spells don’t have to be cast the same way. It’s just that most [Mages] don’t vary a spell. Why, there’s a fine example with the famous Archmage of Memory in his duel with Archmage Feor that illustrates my point. But to start from the beginning…”
Montressa stepped back with Valeterisa as Pexalix found his spot again. Soon, he was teaching a course that Montressa wished she’d taken in Wistram. She studied Valeterisa.
“So, he’s your great teacher?”
“The finest teacher I could have asked for. He teaches ideas, not spells. Methods, not outcomes. I wondered if he was still here.”
Now, Montressa understood the forces that had shaped Valeterisa. The rules of Fissival and how they treated citizens. The [Crafters] and their mastery of magic. And Pexalix, the [Professor] whose ideas had echoed in Valeterisa until now.
Yet, and yet. As Valeterisa gazed fondly at her former teacher, someone cleared her throat, and both Montressa and the Archmage turned. A Drake stood there, wearing the bright blue robes embroidered with the Scholarium’s crest. She spoke sharply.
“Valeterisa. I cannot believe you have the audacity to show your face here. I cannot believe you were not arrested for your treachery at the Meeting of Tribes. Have you come to beg the forgiveness of the Scholarium or just see everything you abandoned?”
“Sooral.”
Valeterisa blinked at the other Drake. She had a very shockingly bright set of yellow scales, and combined with the blue, it contrived to make her stand out vividly. She seemed…well, furious, but also somewhat lost. Like someone who had been following the north star only to fall off a cliff. Nervous?
“Magus Lady Sooralese to you, Valeterisa! We are not students anymore. Nor are you any close confidant of mine. I hold you responsible for Wall Lord Dragial’s death. But for you—we would have won a great victory at the Meeting of Tribes!”
Oh. Her hostility suddenly made sense to Montressa. Valeterisa took a long breath.
