9.15 VM
Page 36
Once it was in the air, even half an inch, it was easier to stay there. He saw and felt a spell activate. The earth shook—and just like it did every fourteen minutes, the Walled City began to rise.
But this time, it kept going. The [Guard Captain] slowly got up as the magical towers came alive. Then he stood back, and his eyes were climbing to find the Archmage of Izril, whom he’d been laughing at with the day crew in the tower. Then he stepped back as a shadow crossed over his face.
And he looked up.
 
——
 
Montressa du Valeross didn’t blame Valeterisa for leaving. She sat with her head resting on her arms, staring across the City of Fissival. She would have jumped over the plaza’s high guardrails if she could fly away.
…She just hoped Valeterisa hadn’t flown off and left her behind. Behind her, the Scholarium was busy posturing and sneering about Valeterisa into the camera.
Montressa didn’t notice Hexa’s sudden agitation, but General Vors did as he congratulated Ascoden on his victory. Nor did Montressa notice anything else was amiss at first.
It was only when she heard Valeterisa’s name and saw the woman come soaring across the city like a loosed arrow that Montressa yelped.
“Archmage Valeterisa?”
Every head turned. Sooral’s jaw dropped.
Valeterisa was flying. Faster than she had even moved with Montressa. Her robes billowed out behind her, and her hair whipped like a storm. She seemed so incredibly unhappy about the wind resistance that Montressa understood at once why she hated flying.
“Archmage! What are you doing?”
General Hexa roared, attracting the cameras back to Valeterisa. The Archmage didn’t reply to Hexa directly. She came to a stop overhead, and Montressa saw the camera-Drake aiming the scrying orb almost directly up—
“Aah!”
She kicked the Drake in the shins, and the female Drake lowered the camera—then realized she had nearly given the entire city of Fissival a dangerous viewpoint from underneath Valeterisa. The Archmage of Izril floated down as the Drake retreated to a better angle.
Valeterisa was…panting. Montressa saw her drop to the ground, and the Archmage spoke a bit breathlessly.
“I have one last thing to show Fissival. If I can. If not—forget I mentioned it. But magic is more than this. It has to be. If I stay in the City of Magic—this will be my gift. My only gift is this search. I cannot do it alone. So…”
She peered around. Then Valeterisa shook her head. She took off in another jet of debris as Montressa shielded her face. She saw Valeterisa soaring off across the city, then she dipped down out of sight, below the lip of a building’s roof.
Everyone looked about in confusion. After a second, someone began laughing. Mage Lord Cureq shook his head in frank scorn and disbelief.
“I think she’s actually lost it. What are we supposed to see?”
He glanced around, and everyone searched—Ascoden cast a [Scrying] spell after Valeterisa, but predictably, she was warded.
“…She’s not answering her [Message] spells. However, Hexa is kicking up ten hells. Something about Valeterisa casting spells at the edge of the city?”
Vors reported in. Ascoden frowned, and he gazed at Montressa.
“I had no idea she could actually cast [Fly]. Did you?”
“No. I don’t get what she’s showing us. Milaw? What is Valeterisa doing?”
The [Tailor] and the [Crafters] were just as anxious. And upset, frankly, about their beloved childhood hero’s treatment. The [Clockmaker] peered around and shook his head.
