9.15 VM
Page 13
Pexalix spoke, patting Valeterisa’s arm, but no one else moved. Montressa saw, for a final time, Valeterisa’s head dip and how she focused on her feet. Worpell did smile at that. Right until a Drake floated up over the side of the plaza.
Magus Lord Ascoden could fly. And he knew how to cut an entrance. It was only, unfortunately, undercut by Eun, the young man from South Korea, clinging to one leg. The moment they landed, Eun fell to his knees and curled up. Montressa stared at the familiar face from Wistram.
Hadn’t Nailihuaile introduced her to…? And while she was cut off from Wistram, Bezale had said there was a break…out…
“Those tail-wanking, shit-stealing [Sneak Thieves].”
Hexa recoiled as Montressa breathed, realizing what they’d done. So this was where the Earthers were! She was furiously composing a message to the academy before she realized she was still expelled.
As for Valeterisa? She blinked as Mage Lord Ascoden strode forwards.
“Archmage Valeterisa.”
“Mage Lord Ascoden. You’ve returned.”
Worpell sounded uncertain as the Drakes turned to face him. They clearly knew him, but like Vors, he wasn’t with the majority of the group. And Ascoden was locked onto Valeterisa.
“I’m delighted to have arrived just in time. Archmage Valeterisa, it is an honor to meet you!”
He had his claw held out, but Mage Lord Cureq intercepted Ascoden. The scarred Drake—he had some kind of fresh wound, Montressa noticed—had to halt or run over Cureq as the other Drake spoke loudly.
“The Archmage was just leaving the Scholarium. She has been unable to meet with any members, save her closest friends…friend.”
He gave Ascoden an intent look, which was as un-subtle as you got. In reply, Ascoden calmly elbowed Cureq aside.
“Then she will meet with one. I would be delighted to hear anything she wishes to say.”
The Drake reached out, and Valeterisa gave his claw a blank, surprised look. Then, hesitantly, she took his hand and seemed just as astonished when he shook it. Ascoden gazed around, and if the Scholarium had been a solid wall against Valeterisa—
There was now a crack in it. Worpell almost hissed, but she turned it into a smile, conscious of the students.
“—And what would Magus Valeterisa wish to discuss with the Scholarium? If we are entertaining her requests.”
She glanced at Valeterisa, and the Archmage of Izril looked Ascoden in the eyes. Then she turned. She adjusted her spectacles and peered around at the Scholarium.
“…I was wondering if my old rooms were still here. I would like to see them. Oh, and if the Scholarium was interested in making me a Mage Lady of Fissival.”
Sooral gasped in outrage, and the crowd made similar noises. But Valeterisa just raised her voice calmly.
“If so—I would live here, take up my role as Archmage of Izril here, and teach and study magic. I am…”
She hesitated.
“I am still a daughter of the walls. I came back to see if there was a place for me here.”
She peered at the blank, surprised expressions of the other Drakes. At Montressa and Ascoden’s raised brows. But…even if she were an Archmage, she was no [Archmage]. Not yet. And that was why, despite Montressa desperately casting [Detect Truth] over and over—she couldn’t find a lie in Valeterisa’s statement.
Predictably—the fights began almost minutes later.
 
——
 
If you didn’t know about Archmage Valeterisa before today—well, you did now. The City of Fissival was abuzz with her name and her offer.
However, the real drama was about whether or not the City of Magic intended to take the Archmage of Izril up on her offer.
