9.15 VM
Page 32
“I do not need to. But if you wish me to—fine.”
She walked away tiredly, and Dorigal sneered as he waited for her to summon a creature. He waited…but Valeterisa just stood there, tired.
“Will you face my creations with spells alone, Valeterisa? Can you summon nothing?”
She stared up at the sky, disinterested in him. Dorigal glowered, and the summoning sped up as Sooral stalked away. He hated to admit it, but he couldn’t fight her directly. But this?
“—ge Dorigal. Mage Dorigal, a word?”
Someone was calling out to him. Dorigal glanced over, irritated that he was being interrupted. However, he’d finished the summoning spell, so he was just pouring mana to complete the Battle Golem’s body. He saw someone gesturing to him from the crowd.
He’d thought it was Worpell, but it was just some Drake. He wore, of all things, a butcher’s apron, slightly stained, and he was one of the observers.
“What is it, sir?”
His father had always said it paid to be polite and mingle. So Dorigal bit back what he wanted to say and walked over. The [Butcher] was one of Fissival’s citizens, First-Class, obviously, but he was no [Mage]. Just one of the endless workers in the districts. Yet he was staring up at the Battle Golem.
“Young man. I hate to say this but—something’s wrong with your summon.”
“What?”
Dorigal instantly lowered his voice and turned around. He had sensed nothing wrong, but the [Magical Butcher] gave him a serious look.
“I can’t tell what it is—but it’s off. Like bad pork loin.”
“My Golem is like a pork loin? Are you mad?”
Dorigal glared at the [Butcher] then stormed away. Or tried to, because a Drake sitting in a chair floated up half a step. The [Summoner] blinked as a Drake who was practically all-gray raised his voice.
“It’s the second line, inner circle, young man. I’m fairly sure that’s where it is. I used to mess it up all the time. It’s the inverted ‘L’. You connected it backwards is my guess. Not hopeless! What you do is you splice in a secondary instruction circuit. Not sure where.”
“We could take a look at it. I’ve done it before. I used to work in the Teleportarium. Had to do that with magicore running around your ankles.”
Another Drake broke in, and Dorigal saw…what, a [Housewife]? But a number of other observers were calling out.
“What about freezing the spell circle? Do a quick-adjust—”
“Do you want to kill the boy? If that goes wrong, all the mana explodes! He can resummon the Battle Golem!”
A group of friendly…civilians were all calling out tips. Not a single one was a member of the Scholarium. Dorigal’s cheeks flamed red, and he spun on his heel.
“I will not be lectured by amateurs!”
The crowd fell silent, and the helpful chatter petered out in moments. Dorigal stalked back, trying not to stare at his rising Battle Golem. But the [Butcher] called out urgently.
“Something’s wrong with how it was made! Recast the spell! Recast the—”
The angry [Summoner] ignored him. Dorigal stood as the Battle Golem finally finished creating itself. It flashed as it moved, a beast of a war machine. Twenty feet tall, superior even to modern Golems, ancient armor now recreated out of mana, glowing with power. It had a face like a Drake, and it could exhale magical ‘breath’. One sweep of its tail could knock [Soldiers] flying in battle, and it was armed with a shield and sword.
