9.15 VM
Page 1
This wasn’t right. It struck a chord with how she had been exiled. It—reminded her of Pisces, but this was worse than both in its way.
Because the Drakes here didn’t shun Valeterisa because she was a [Necromancer] or for anything she had done. They ignored her because she was the Archmage of Izril. The greatest [Mage] who had come from their ranks. And they refused to look at her. Refused to grant her a meeting—and Valeterisa seemed like she was a girl again, just studying the ground, too shy to speak.
For eighteen minutes, they stood there. Like a silent plea to be heard, as classes ended and Drakes moved around. The [Professors] and [Mages] milled about, talking, loitering, and sending their message.
In that time, Montressa waited for Valeterisa to do anything, but the Archmage held her ground, so Montressa did likewise. And the [Aegiscaster] realized there was a small benefit to that.
Because not all the Drakes were so studiously united.
In fact, the younger [Students] and [Mages] began to realize they had an interesting guest when they noticed the two Humans standing there.
It was not that they stood there; more than one citizen or tourist would do something similar, peer around the Scholarium and poke their tail everywhere, disrupt classes, and so on. Prospective candidates, etc.
Yet a pair of Drake [Students] trying to hold their [Aerial Shield] spells steady under Wardmistress Geyasa’s watchful gaze stopped teasing each other and trying to break the other’s focus. One of them cast around.
“Hey, you feel that? There’s some kind of…aura or something around here. It’s pretty strong. Cassa. Cassa, do you feel…?”
“Nope. I failed my detection class, remember?”
The other Drake grumbled, but she too picked up…something. Both the male and female [Student] glanced about, then they focused on the Human woman standing next to the shorter one with red hair and red face.
“Hey. Hey, Cassa. That Human’s got skin almost as red as your scales. That’s hilarious. Is that, uh, that sunburn thing that Humans get?”
“Don’t be mean, Toris. She’s probably a new student looking around.”
“Nah, she seems too old. And she’s got some magical power. Feel that?”
They were students, but still capable of detecting relative magical auras. Especially in Geyasa’s class; they might go on to be magical bodyguards or to ward houses, even venture into dungeons and remove traps. Even the negligent Cassa hesitated.
“Yeah, but not from the young one. Who’s that?”
They gazed at Archmage Valeterisa, and both of their ward spells flickered at the same time. The two Drakes flinched as someone spoke.
“Failure! Focus! Even if you turn your heads and chatter, I expect you to keep a spell up!”
That was accompanied by a thack, and a newspaper, rolled up, hit both on the top of the head. Both students groaned as the [Wardmistress] glared at them.
“If that hurts, consider how an arrow feels! Cassa, Toris, you have the luxury of remedial practice. See the assistant instructor for a date to make up your work. Everyone else? Class dismissed, well done.”
The two Drakes groaned as their fellow students grinned at them and relaxed in relief. Geyasa had been probing their basic air-shields, trying to disrupt the magical flow and even tossing flames or other hazards they had to weather.
“We didn’t fail because our shields failed! We just lost focus!”
Cassa glared at the sniggering classmates. One rolled their eyes.
“Same thing. What were you staring at? Hey—who’s that?”
And once again, the conversation repeated itself. Toris rubbed at his head and frowned.
