9.15 VM
Page 11
“—I believe, at least, we should hear Archmage Valeterisa out. I was unaware she had petitioned for a meeting. I, myself, came directly to meet with her out of pure curiosity when I heard she had arrived in Fissival.”
“Vors! She is an enemy of our city! She fought against our people at the Meeting of Tribes!”
Hexa hissed at him as he broke ranks. The Drake grimaced.
“You mean, that she fought for Salazsar? The record clearly shows Wall Lord Ilvriss hired her. I would regard that more as working for Oteslia and Salazsar in conjunction with the Gnolls’ side.”
“Still traitorous. I would be ashamed of any Drake who conducted such an act that I had personally approved as a student.”
Professor Worpell observed calmly. Valeterisa’s eyes narrowed.
“So, did you approve stripping the Gnolls of their magic? Part of my request to meet with Fissival’s Three or the Scholarium was to ascertain who was aware of that act. Wistram is curious.”
Then there was silence. All the Drakes paused, and Montressa saw Cureq’s eyes dart left and right, taking Worpell and Hexa’s opinions. The Supreme General of Fissival spoke carefully.
“Is this a formal inquiry on behalf of Wistram?”
“No.”
“Ah, then—”
“Archmage Eldavin expressed curiosity in whatever I might find. We are part of a faction. Terras. The theft of Gnolls’ magical power is a worldwide concern which the Terras faction stands against.”
Valeterisa’s words made the three Drakes consider themselves for the first time since they’d begun the conversation. They weren’t afraid of her, but Wistram? Eldavin?
Were they blind? Montressa wondered. Maybe the old Worpell, but…what did they see? Perhaps even Hexa, who was clearly younger than the older Mage Lord, Professor, and Valeterisa…perhaps they just saw her as she had been.
However, Magic General Vors was different from the rest, and he spoke slowly as every head snapped towards him.
“It is a disgusting act. A shame upon Fissival which has jeopardized our position on the continent and worldwide. As I have said to Fissival’s Three—and I will repeat myself, General Hexa, with apologies—even Rhir has not looked kindly upon Fissival’s detachment. Our Gnollish allies fighting the Demons…let’s just say that it is a rare instance when any [General] is given a vacation from Hell. But my remaining would have been as disruptive as my departure.”
So General Hexa was now one of Fissival’s Three? Montressa was amazed—either that meant she was a temporary appointee or the Drakes here had enough sway to make her a peer, not the outright leader. All three Drakes glared at Vors, but he’d stated his case, and Valeterisa gave him a slow nod.
“Ah. You went to Rhir.”
“I did indeed. I have been serving in a combined-unit with an excellent mercenary force from Baleros—hence my armor—and Avel’s archers. We’ve seen battle against the Demons twice, but no Death of Magic. Thankfully.”
“Avel?”
Montressa spoke at the same time as Valeterisa brightened up.
“Ah, I forgot about the Death of Magic. You wouldn’t happen to have run into any of her spells, would you?”
Montressa bowed, blushing as Vors studied Valeterisa and then her. She introduced herself, and he nodded.
“Avel, indeed. Amazing archers. They have better aim than even our [Sharpshooter Spellslingers]; with those bows, they can hit almost any target. As for the Death of Magic…I regret to say we have fought with her damned summoned Demons. Two thousand fake Demons wearing plate armor who kill like the real things while swarms of insects assailed us overhead. And she can conjure fake armies every week.”
