9.15 VM
Page 2
“Some Human who wants to send her kid to school? But they’re both pretty good. Actually, even the red-haired Human might be on par with a full [Mage].”
“Did you fail your lessons like Cassa, Toris? She could be a teacher. And that’s the younger one. The older one…she must be from Wistram. Or she’s a new [Professor]. Check out her aura.”
The other students were noticing Valeterisa as their classes finished. Only the distracted students had noticed at first, but now…
“Who is that?”
They didn’t know. But they could tell Valeterisa was something. The students of the Scholarium pointed, but none of the teachers had approached the Humans, and so maybe they were waiting for someone?
The students were mostly Drakes, as befit Fissival, but they had a minority of Humans, even Dullahans and other species from further abroad. Stitch-folk from Chandrar were rare given the mage-schools on the continent, and likewise for Terandria. Lizardfolk were not common, so Humans were the second most common students. Dullahans, Selphids, and Centaurs along with Drowned Folk combined made up similar numbers to the Human minority.
Even so, it took ages for one of them to identify Valeterisa. Not simply because her name was almost unknown here, but because the Archmage of Izril had been gone for eight long years. Only when someone remembered a brief image they’d seen from Wistram did they suspect who it was. Then the whispers began.
“The Archmage of Izril? Really? I didn’t know we had an Archmage! Why’s she here?”
“I heard she was dead!”
“Maybe she’s come to exchange knowledge with Fissival? Or trade with our [Mages]?”
“Didn’t she fight in the Meeting of Tribes? Why’d anyone let her in?”
“Because she used to be a student here. Duh.”
A cluster of students broke up, and the younger Drakes parted. The other students backed up as a far older [Student] of the Scholarium broke in. He was thirty-four years old and, like High Magus Telim, an essential fixture of the Scholarium.
Unlike Wistram, which was notorious for being an expensive school to attend, much less get to, even with scholarships, the Draconae Scholarium offered generous scholarships that included room and board. Some students were so fond of the arrangement they became permanent students rather than graduate.
This Drake was, in fact, Cassa and Toris’ assistant instructor. As well as taking classes and studying in his own time, he often helped the busy [Teachers]. Even so—he’d been a student longer than some of the new students had been alive.
“No way, Kadril. That’s another lie, like kissing the statue of Obridein. I’m not falling for your lies again.”
“You kissed the statue? Gross.”
By that, they meant the statue most of the students were gathered around, which was named Obridein, a Drake kneeling on the ground in a surprisingly humble pose. But that was, perhaps, because the entire Walled City of Magic, in miniature, rested upon his back. It might have been a commentary on the role of [Mages] serving the city. Or maybe it was just ego. Either way, one of the favorite pranks on new students was to tell them it was good luck to kiss Obridein.
That was both highly unhygienic and unwise, because the older students would chill the statue so your lips stuck to the stone.
Anyways, Kadril ignored the younger students as he watched Valeterisa.
“Yeah, that’s her. Valeterisa, the Archmage of Izril. I saw her in the yearbook. Top of her class. Four year graduate. Pioneered her own magical spell, quit for Wistram, and then became Archmage of Izril.”
