9.15 VM
Page 53
She looked back once, and they froze in their tracks. The Archmage of Izril gazed about and then down at Montressa. The [Aegiscaster] closed her eyes, smiling with that same bittersweet realization as she understood. Valeterisa stood in the city she had entered humbly, without ever showing them the spells she had learned. Either of them. 
The calm Archmage bowed her head to Tierres.
“I have always been a fine student of Fissival’s Scholarium. I learned all the lessons you had to teach, Headmaster.”
Then she took off.
 
——
 
Mage Lord Ascoden found Valeterisa before she had left Fissival proper. He rapped at Milaw’s door, and Eun and the Earthers crowded in as the Archmage of Izril shed her concealment spells.
“You are supposed to be chasing my illusion. What was wrong about it?”
The Mage Lord shrugged.
“Nothing. The Human element made me think you were here.”
“Ah. That’s not magic. Hence my failure.”
Valeterisa stood up and embraced Ierythe. She stood amongst the last gathering of Heneith Street, their Archmage. The last in Fissival.
Not just Heneith Street. The [Butcher], a [Baker], and possibly even a [Chandler] were among the Drakes and Humans and even a Stitch-man speaking quietly to Valeterisa. She remembered them all, and she had forgotten to change her clothing or what day of the week it was.
“Are you going to be okay? I have gold, I think. Sooral might be petty. I must go.”
Ascoden watched as Valeterisa cast a spell, checking Ierythe’s health, but the old [Tailor] looked healthier than she had been in years. And she was patting Valeterisa’s hands, squeezing her fingers tight with a grip so strong it shocked them both.
“My dear. My dear. You always had to go. We should have never let them take what they did from you, but you kept shining, even in all the mud they slung at you. Now? The entire city sees it. The only thing that’s changed is…”
Her eyes were awash with tears. Tears…but Milaw spoke with the same kind of terrible heaviness in Ascoden’s chest.
“The only thing that’s changed is where we’re supposed to be.”
The Archmage of Izril had lifted the City of Magic high and dropped it. Now, everything, all the anchors and ties were coming undone. It was still hard. As hard as something you loved and hated to break. Like family or home. But the Archmage of Izril simply tapped her forehead as her eyes watered.
“[Clear—”
“Stop that.”
A hand slapped down her fingers, and Valeterisa gently squeezed Ierythe’s shoulders. She sniffed.
“But tears are so inconvenient.”
 
——
 
They had a long time for Valeterisa to say her goodbyes to each person and cast [Restoration] the last few times she could. As she finally stepped back, the Archmage noticed Montressa trying to fend off the Earthers begging her to take them with her, name-dropping an inn. Valeterisa watched with urbane amusement, and she and Ascoden stood aside.
“I can’t let you have them. Although they’ll be going to other Walled Cities, some. I guess I am a son of the walls. I’ll have to study [Clear Emotions]. You know, if you call and the best [Crafters] of Fissival go—and some students and teachers and even a rogue Mage Lord or two—the City of Magic won’t allow it. It can’t allow it.”
Valeterisa turned, and Mage Lord Ascoden met her eyes, then stared into a vision of the future. She glanced back at Milaw and shook her head.
“Why would they give it all up? Even if I asked?”
“Because it would be better. When that day comes, though, even if you had a Level 50 ally on your side, an entire Walled City would be holding them back.”
Valeterisa was silent for a bit. Then she nodded.
