9.15 VM
Page 6
“I apologize for that. I’d teleport it, but as we know, only our vaunted teleportation network works in a Walled City. Ahem. Magic, indeed. Now…what about ways other than magic?”
His class was stumped for a second. Then, someone else raised her claw.
“What about…one of the lifts in Pallass? Or something like that? A contraption to pick it up?”
“Aha.”
The Drake was smiling now. He nodded.
“Perfect. You’ve gotten farther than some classes. A contraption. A sling, a lever—good, good. What else?”
They stalled for a second. The [Professor] waited, then supplied them with the answer.
“Let’s say you were not my students and I, this bodiless, magic-less voice, had the issue. You, Miss Naithorne. Would you waste your time once more and pick up the rock for…six copper coins?”
“Sure.”
The [Professor] nodded about.
“She doesn’t even haggle. And like that, I have exchanged six copper coins for six seconds of her life. Is that a fair deal?”
“Does that count, Professor?”
A student looked interested, and the [Professor] raised both his brows.
“Count? Of course it does. I’ve paid someone else to do work for me. It’s entirely valid. Or do you think a [Carpenter] builds you a chair out of the goodness of his heart? You could, perhaps, do that work yourself, but how long would it take you to make a chair? Why not buy one pre-made? Could you make one with magic? Of course. But it seems to me many questions we have are about how to efficiently lift a rock—or balance the cost. The rock, if you hadn’t guessed, is a metaphor and the topic of this course.”
His students peered at him, some blank-faced, but Montressa got it. Pexalix sighed as he flicked his claws, and an illusion of marching Drakes wearing armor appeared. He glanced up again at Valeterisa.
“[Soldiers] fight battles to protect citizens like us. Adventurers kill monsters. [Miners] mine ore in Salazsar, and everyone has their profession. Some people will spend every second of their professions in the service of others. And this is a necessary thing to keep Fissival running. Consider our sewers. Who would enjoy a job, say, cleaning them every day? Unclogging toilets?”
He cast about. No one raised their hands, and the Drake nodded.
“And yet—it is necessary. We do make people do it. Is that fair to them? I will point out, by the way, that those who clean the sewers are by and large either Second-Class Citizens or Foreigners under working visas. Let alone their species.”
“We pay them. It’s a job, Professor.”
One of the students retorted, seeming a bit annoyed by what Pexalix was putting down. The [Professor] shot back calmly.
“So will you do it? How much are they being paid? If they had a choice, do you think any of them would say that sewer-cleaning is their ideal occupation? It is a huge, disgusting rock, and someone must lift it. The question is…why are we lifting it that way? Could we lift the rock of sewer-cleaning another way? Say with…”
He waggled his claws and produced some colorful sparks, which faded as they showered into the air and onto the ground. Then, Naithorne spoke up.
“You mean magic, Professor?”
“Exactly. Magic or a Pallassian gadget or something more inventive still. Why don’t we do that? We have [Cleanse] spells. Why not send a [Mage] down and, though it may be disgusting, just [Cleanse] the damn sewers rather than do it manually?”
