9.15 VM
Page 0

[I am on break until the 20th of September! Also, Blood of Liscor, Book 8 of The Wandering Inn is now available for pre-order on Audible!]
 
 
Archmage Valeterisa Imarris of Izril had met with the children of Earth briefly to understand their world and witness one of the great phenomena occurring in the present day.
Another world’s people, crossing over with this one. She had made numerous observations, mostly simple, including their ages, the patterns of location that occurred with some ‘groups’, and, of course, their lack of levels hither-to arriving.
She listened while other [Mages] asked questions of what they thought was interesting or dangerous. Guns and airplanes and internet, oh my.
Unlike some, Valeterisa took every statement at face-value. Space travel? The movements of stars? Relative speed-to-time? She believed it all—or a part of her did. Then she compartmentalized that full credulity and cross-checked it against factual evidence and her own understanding of physics and sciences.
—Yet, Valeterisa would well admit she had not spent nearly as much time with them as even the other Archmages. Not for lack of interest! It was just…
They had less to offer her. Their scientific understandings could be read once collated; culturally, a Human-only world was interesting, but Valeterisa had asked one Human—ironically, the same one now climbing the beach towards the City of Magic—a question.
Saif, the young man who carried an airsoft gun, now enchanted to be even more of a threat than it was before, had answered the Archmage of Izril’s most pressing question: what did he know of magic?
Stories, myths, pseudo-magic—Valeterisa had wanted to know. Saif had obliged her with a tale of a certain wizarding school, then found George for a legend of Elves, Dwarves, and a middle earth which assumed there were two other earths—whereupon they’d begun arguing about the deep lore of Tolkien.
The end result was incredibly disappointing for Valeterisa, and she had ended her direct contact shortly after that. Not because there were no depictions of magic on Earth or that they did not long for it. Rather, their magic sounded mundane.
Mundane, in the sense of fireballs and teleportation. There was a certain board game which made sense to most [Battlemages] as a representation in numbers of how much damage a spell could do. Magic in popular culture was still fantastical.
But it wasn’t magic. There was something behind the ability to conjure a storm of wind or levitate a cup. Something more profound, more useful, and simpler altogether.
Valeterisa had written her thesis on the subject. She’d almost failed to graduate. So she’d gone back to listening to Elena talk about celestial bodies. Magic had a place amidst the Earther’s knowledge of science, and that made more sense to the Archmage of Izril.
She might never have realized that, growing up, and become another [Mage] of Fissival. But despite the Scholarium having changed so little—as she stood, ignored, amongst her former peers, Valeterisa glanced around. If nothing else, she had once had an excellent teacher.
 
——
 
Ignored. Montressa du Valeross saw Valeterisa staring at her feet as they stood in the Draconae Scholarium, in the great plaza overlooking the rest of the city. The font of magic and authority was gathered here, professors and magical nobility and more.
All deliberately ignoring Valeterisa. Pretending she didn’t exist. Montressa was as red-faced as her hair, and she realized some of them gave her amused looks out of the corners of their eyes. She couldn’t help it.
