9.15 VM
Page 42
Her swiveling head caught a group of young men and women. Humans, staring over the edge of Fissival. Montressa ran.
“You. How can she do it?”
“Aah!”
Eun screamed as she grabbed him, then turned. Saif, Eun, Jacques, Damla, and the other Earthers focused on Montressa.
“What? Do what?”
“How do planes fly? How can she—lift a damn city? A rock?”
Eun blinked at her. Then he understood what she was asking. Saif gave Montressa a look of disbelief, then he slapped his forehead.
“Airplanes? We know that! And she’s never seen or heard of a rocket! Guys—”
“Shut up and show her! It’s like this. You have this—”
Damla was trying to sketch in the air, and Eun found a piece of parchment. They began babbling about aerodynamics, but then one mentioned a jet engine. Then…a rocket engine.
Valeterisa’s head rose as the Earthers followed Montressa back. Even now, fighting for distance, she listened as Montressa and the Earthers surrounded her. She smiled.
“That’s how.”
Then her face fell. The Archmage of Izril’s eyes fluttered—and she raised a hand as her nose began to bleed.
“Ah. I’m out of mana. If only Eldavin were here. Or anyone else.”
She stared up, strained, disappointed in herself, and Montressa’s face fell. She closed her eyes, and Eun stared around. The South Korean man knew something of what was going on, even if the magical details escaped him. He saw all the Drakes and Humans trying to fuel a leaking battery, like pouring buckets of water into a breached reservoir.
Then—a beam of light illuminated the air. Eun recoiled at his first sight of the Grand Plaza of Bliss beginning to activate. He pointed at it.
“What is that?”
Ascoden explained briefly, sweating as he poured mana into Valeterisa’s shoulder. It probably wasn’t even filled much, but Eun just watched it. Then he grabbed Saif’s arm.
“Saif. Saif. This sounds stupid. But what if she used…the power of friendship?”
He tried to explain it, but all the other ways of saying it left him, leaving only the dumbest method. But his pointing finger found the beam of light, and Saif gazed up.
“No way. No way. You mean like Dragonball Z?”
“I never watched that.”
Valeterisa peered around as Jacques covered his eyes. But then her own head rose. She looked up, and she came to the same conclusion Eun had in a moment.
“Let go of me. I can try.”
The others backed away, and Valeterisa slowly began to rise into the air. She flew higher, and Eun saw her streaking up. Chasing after that beam of light coming from the plaza.
“What’s she…? I see. Get to Bliss Plaza, now!”
Vors roared. The Scholarium focused on him, then—Milaw began to run, and Eun saw more Drakes and students and citizens following. But a hand touched his shoulder. He turned and met two bright orange eyes.
“You have a future here, young man. We need thinkers like you.”
Professor Pexalix told him solemnly. Slowly, his and Eun’s heads rose. They saw a single figure streaking into the air.
Valeterisa’s hair streamed behind her as she shot higher, so fast she left the running people far below. She was racing, trying to reach the Grand Plaza before the magic ritual unleashed.
She flew into a glowing beam of pink light turning to viridian at the center. There were only a few Drakes and Humans below, and they stared up as the Archmage of Izril closed her eyes. Then Valeterisa spoke.
“[Absorb Mana].”
She reached out—and stole the Grand Ritual’s spell. Drakes standing on rooftops, citizens peering out at their floating city, saw the Archmage of Izril floating in the air.
“It’s her.”
A family peered up at Valeterisa. Then—their mother pushed them.
