9.15 VM
Page 15
“Are we hostages now?”
Eun was sitting in a chair, and the Mage Lord nodded to him.
“Guests is the term. But mandatory guests, so yes. The other Walled Cities will argue, and some of you may go to the other ones.”
“We’re not parcels to be—parceled up!”
Jacques snapped, furious. He was from Ireland, and Ascoden leaned on a counter, seeming serious.
“No, and if High Command is smart, they won’t make Wistram’s mistakes. I’ll advocate for you all as hard as I can, but you have to understand, we do need information. So you’re not parcels. You’re citizens of what you all readily admit is a world power—or world powers—who may or may not be hostile. And who make movies about killing alien species. Think of yourselves like that.”
He was more up-to-date on Earth terminology and ideas than most people that Montressa had met. Nor did he lie, which some of the Earthers grudgingly appreciated.
“At least this place is bigger than Wistram. Do we have minders or something?”
“If you want to walk around, we’ll have a guide. Unobtrusive if you like. You’ll never see them. So this explains what I saw on Rhir.”
General Vors glanced at the Earthers, and Mage Lord Ascoden’s head rose sharply.
“Earthers?”
“They must have been. The ‘heroes’ of Rhir. You’ll need my full report. Later.”
Both of them were glancing at Montressa, who well knew that Rhir had some Earthers, but her ears were sharp. And besides—
It was Valeterisa’s presence that was the most uncertain. The Scholarium would have to vote, and by proxy, Fissival. That was the claim, at least.
In truth, Montressa doubted that the [Crafters] who had come racing to find Valeterisa had much of a ‘voice’, along with any Second-Class Citizens, but it was theoretically possible for public pressure to influence any votes. However, Vors, Ascoden, and other members of the Scholarium had the real authority.
…Which begged the question. How did either one know Valeterisa? Vors was easy; he didn’t know her personally, but he had been to Rhir and had been given the eye-opening experience of working in combined-arms units. He was opposed to the traditional Fissival views, especially the ones that led them into conflict with any force except for Demons.
But Ascoden knew Valeterisa. How?
 
——
 
“Professor Pex.”
The Mage Lord had a residence in Fissival that was quite large and quite magical. He invited Valeterisa and Montressa into it with Vors and a few guests to come. It was mostly empty, because of his long absence, and as Drakes loved to say, they had no [Servants].
Just employees who did the same job. And who were sometimes entire families who had a history of working the same non-servile job.
“Professor Pex?”
“That was what they called him, for a while. Not his nickname?”
“Professor Pexalix is what we called him.”
Valeterisa seemed uncertain if she found the nickname offensive or not. Ascoden drained a cup of purified water. He motioned, and a flying familiar offered a decanter to Montressa and Valeterisa.
His home was exceptionally…magic-techy. Every room’s walls looked oddly plain until Montressa realized that was because they were smooth and only had the semblance of wallpaper or rich wood. The interiors were richly decorated, but at any given time, the walls could turn transparent or vanish, such that a suite of many rooms became one, giant and interconnected.
It was fascinating…and sounded like a completely uncomfortable place to live in. Ascoden clearly agreed, because he only turned the walls off for guests.
