9.15 VM
Page 33
…Normally. Dorigal couldn’t pay the mana cost of the sword and shield, so this one was bare-handed. It also couldn’t breathe any mana, but it would still do for whatever Valeterisa summoned. She still hadn’t done anything. Dorigal opened his mouth to call out to her, and then he saw the Golem turn around. He blinked up at it.
“What—”
The Golem swung a fist down at him, and Dorigal stared at it until his summoned monster punched him half a dozen feet.
 
——
 
Valeterisa watched Dragial’s son’s jaw and ribs break and him go slamming backwards into the ground. She wished it gave her any pleasure.
“Treachery! Save Dorigal!”
Sooral shouted as the Battle Golem took a swing at the nearest Drakes. The crowd ran screaming, and Valeterisa raised her voice.
“I didn’t do anything.”
He had summoned it wrong. The Battle Golem whirled, fists raised, and Professor Worpell hit it with a flash of blue lightning that burned a hole straight through one side of its head and out the other. Unfortunately—that didn’t end the summoned being. It charged, and Worpell vanished.
Valeterisa studied the glowing material making up the summoned being’s ‘flesh’. At the heart of it, a copy of the Golem’s Heart that Dorigal had in his possession. Great magic. Elegant work.
It was still…there. Still functional probably thousands of years after it had been made. That was beauty and craft and, yes, magic. Now, a scion of Fissival couldn’t even control it and lay on the ground as Sooral poured a healing potion over him.
“This isn’t magic. Magic should inspire. Magic should be wonderful. Even when it is as simple as threading a needle.”
Valeterisa whispered. Did anyone hear her? Her apprentice, shielding a group of students from one fist? Ascoden, blocking the Earthers? The scrying orb, capturing the Golem’s rampage?
Slowly, she raised a finger. The Battle Golem turned towards her as Valeterisa aimed at its chest where the copy of the Golem Heart resided. It began to charge—and she shot a thin beam of light straight through the Golem’s chest.
“[Piercing Shatterbolt]. [Alter Spell].”
The first spell punched a hole straight into the summoned being’s chest. The second—the Golem stopped. It froze, mid-step, and Valeterisa saw it relax. As the citizens and Scholarium stopped panicking, they saw the Golem come to rest. It walked back to where Dorigal had summoned it and then bowed its melted head. Slowly, it began to fade away.
Archmage Valeterisa stood there, tired, though she had barely cast any magic today. She gazed around, opened her mouth, and Sooral, Sooral, beat her to words, as always.
“That—proves nothing. Dorigal made an error in summoning the Golem. He’s young. You have shown the Scholarium nothing.”
For a second, Valeterisa debated killing her. It would be so easy. Her thoughts were a milling rush, disorganized. She felt her old teacher’s eyes of disapproval and scorn on her. She felt…angry.
Hot, like someone pouring a bucket of melted slime parts over her head as she sat in the courtyard. Cold like seeing a room full of silent stares when she walked in.
Old, because this had all happened long ago. As young as the day she’d left. Nothing had changed.
Perhaps nothing would ever change. Valeterisa bowed her head and gazed at Sooral. She looked at Montressa, who was red-faced and angry. For her. She glanced sideways at Milaw, at Ascoden, lining up to kick Sooral with her apprentice.
That did make her feel a bit better. But Valeterisa just peered at Sooral’s furious face, around at the citizens, and saw interest or fear. Friendliness, support, opposition—
