9.15 VM
Page 38
For if the Scholarium, in the center, couldn’t detect what was happening—the guards on the walls, the citizens at the edges of the city, and especially the Drakes gawking up at the City of Magic saw it.
Fissival was flying.
 
——
 
They were only actually fifty feet up. Montressa was exaggerating, because they were so much higher than she could have imagined.
Only fifty feet into the air. A young Drake woman of about fifteen years of age peered over the edge of the City of Magic and saw the [Guard Captain] staring straight up at her. She gasped, stood, and nearly fell.
Someone hauled her back, and at this point, the Watch began urging citizens to stand back from the exposed city’s edges. Yet…even they couldn’t stop themselves from gaping.
Fissival was flying. Drakes were screaming to their relatives, sending [Message] spells to friends and neighbors in other cities and demanding they check the scrying orbs or spells.
“Fissival is flying!”
And they’d get a response like, ‘yeah, yeah, Fissival ‘flies’, I’ve seen it before, good for Fissival. What’s this really about?’
Then the disbelief would change to incredulity. The first [Scrying] spells captured the City of Magic leaving the ground—slowly.
Slowly. Painfully. At first, the audience had no idea why Archmage Eldavin himself interrupted Drassi’s broadcast about equal pay for female Drakes and cut to an image of the City of Fissival’s network.
Then…they began to pick up on what was happening. Yet—oh—
It was hard. Harder than she’d thought, and she had tried to calculate how much Fissival weighed.
She didn’t have to struggle with that element of the city, thankfully. It was floating, which suggested it was a net-zero weight. But as the Earthers who knew more advanced physics could have told her, even if something of Fissival’s size ‘weighed’ nothing, shifting it and displacing all that air?
Let alone moving it? The first fifteen feet were easy. That was because of her spells.
Sixteen [Earthen Bulwarks] of reinforced stone, grey and tough enough to withstand direct hits from [Lightning Bolt] spells, rose and pushed the Walled City of Magic from below. At equidistant positions, they rose simultaneously, pushing the city higher like fingers pressing it up. As one might hold a bowl with a sixteen-digit hand.
That…wasn’t bad. They were just spells, and even if she’d had to time them and anchor each one, they were only Tier 4 spells. Enhanced for radius and strength.
But the city began to rise, and she knew it would work. Fifteen feet was easy, but then Valeterisa knew that she needed another method to raise the city of magic. Which begged the question—how?
Even the highest-level [Warrior] in the world was only as ‘strong’ as his reach. And only half-Giants would have been able to reach the City of Magic once it had cleared fifteen feet of ground. The earthen spires kept rising, but they began to crack.
“[Pillar of Obsidian]. ”
A central spire rose directly underneath Fissival’s base as Archmage Valeterisa flew around, stopping the cracking spires and continuing to lift the city. Could they feel it yet? Most wouldn’t notice. The flying Archmage saw the city continuing to rise and tried to guess how high she could raise it with the mechanical advantages of geomancy alone.
