9.15 VM
Page 40
Didn’t move. Of course it didn’t. How did you lift a rock? Valeterisa hadn’t enough force in her.
“Lift a rock, lift a rock…”
Her eyes alit on the rubble below her. Then Valeterisa blinked.
Rocks. Professor Pexalix. She swooped down as the city deadlocked twenty-five feet up. Then the first stone rose with the Archmage of Izril.
“[Levitation]. No—[Reverse Gravity]!”
Far better. Of course! Her thoughts were straining, trying to balance flight with the spells she had to maintain—Valeterisa began casting the spell again, then realized the rocks were trying to tumble around the dome, fly into the sky.
“[Sticky Webs].”
She anchored them to the underside of the City of Magic. This was pushing—pushing the boundaries of anything she had considered. She was not Xrn, the Small Queen. Yet look.
The city was still rising. Now, the [Earthen Bulwarks] were reaching the limits of their usefulness, so Valeterisa halted them, and they fell to the ground, breaking. The obsidian spire collapsed, and then it was just her and the city, floating as more rocks stuck to it. However—now it was like Montressa’s battle.
Mana. She had to maintain the [Reverse Gravity] spell on every single boulder. The larger they were, the more mana they cost.
“I cannot…keep enchanting stones.”
The city was slowly moving up. Inch by inch. Not fast. Why was it so hard? Maybe she didn’t understand the physics. She thought she had overcome the weight limit, so every extra stone should move the city faster, but it resisted her.
Valeterisa pushed with her own arms, and Fissival kept rising. She felt the mana burning out of her veins. Now it was forty-five feet in the air.
Higher. She gazed upwards and then looked around. Valeterisa wondered what they saw.
Show them magic. She only wished she had more of it in her veins. The first mana potion touched her lips as a single Shadow Familier held it up for her to gulp. 
Higher.
 
——
 
They rose so slowly, but when Montressa reached a place where she could look out over the edge of the City of Magic, they were rising.
The Scholarium was in chaos. Students leapt out of classrooms, running, or grabbed scrying orbs.
They were flying! But every inch took almost a minute. Something was wrong.
“It’s too heavy. We’re sinking! She can’t lift it alone! The mana cost—”
Ascoden was trying to imagine how Valeterisa was managing it! General Vors gaped around as Montressa just stared into the distance. It was almost midday, and she could see so much of Izril. But Vors heard Hexa muttering into a speaking stone.
“—keep the stabilization spells—”
He turned, but the Supreme General was already hurrying away to find the others of Fissival’s Three. The [General] saw citizens gaping out—but then—already—
The Walled City began sinking. He felt it as the sudden feeling of going up reversed. Slowly, the City of Magic sunk an inch. Then a foot. Then—
The Archmage of Izril appeared. She flew up back towards the Scholarium, wobbling, and the city held as she burned her mana, keeping it aloft. A crowd surrounded her as she dropped, and Vors knew, at once, Valeterisa had pushed too far.
Her face was not pale or white—it was gray. She was gasping for air as her body tried to recover some of the energy it felt leaving. But it was magic, not anything else. She almost fell to her hands and knees, but Montressa caught her.
“Archmage!”
“I cannot make it fly higher. Too much downwards pressure. It’s not enough.”
Valeterisa was whispering. The students and teachers of the Scholarium watched her, listening.
