9.15 VM
Page 3
Cassa was still stuck on the first part. She raised a claw as she gaped at Valeterisa in amazement.
“…We had an Archmage? Graduate from here? Why didn’t anyone ever mention that?”
To that, Kadril just flicked his tail in a rude gesture and turned away with a snort. The younger students regarded each other, then they began to hurry off to spread word. The Archmage of Izril!
They neither knew her reputation nor her history. It was just her title that impressed them. But some of the Drakes, like Wardmistress Geyasa, paused a moment. She glanced around at her peers and didn’t break the veil of silence. So the [Wardmistress] stormed to her next lecture, seeming more annoyed than usual.
And still, Valeterisa waited. She traced her eyes over the worn flagstones of the Scholarium, and Montressa looked around.
Here was a level of magic few places in the world could boast of. She wished she didn’t hate it so.
Here was Fissival’s famed teleportation network. Somewhere in the Scholarium, goods from cities in the region would teleport in and be traded out as needed. Once, this network had criss-crossed Izril. These days, it had errors that sometimes lost entire shipments of goods, and no one dared use it for personal teleportation.
It had been co-opted by Fissival to steal the Gnolls’ magic. But once, it had been great. Just like the legends—once, Fissival flew. It still did, technically.
“Archmage. We don’t have to stand here.”
They’ll never speak to you. Montressa interrupted Valeterisa’s silence after another two minutes had passed. The Archmage’s head snapped up. She glanced around before turning to Montressa.
“I know. I hoped…”
A hand went up to touch her brow, but it hesitated, and she didn’t cast a spell. Valeterisa just glanced around and sighed.
“The classes are changing. Wait another few minutes. I want to see if someone is still here.”
“Who, exactly?”
A [Mage Lord]? Or lady? More than even Salazsar, Montressa had noticed the aristocracy of Fissival was present here. A blend of noble classes and magic. She could only guess that being well-connected in this Scholarium would be akin to being favored in Pheislant’s royal courts.
However, Valeterisa just shook her head.
“My teacher. Oh…I think he’s here. See if you can spot him.”
A rare smile crossed her face as her head rotated across the new classes coming into the courtyard. Montressa stood on her tip-toes, but she just saw a sea of Drake heads and robes. Valeterisa, though—she was smiling.
“It must be the start of a new semester.”
Who was she looking at? Montressa saw new classes beginning, and indeed, the most raw [Students] were taking their first steps to becoming [Mages] here.
[Students], not [Mages]. That fascinated Montressa. There were few of that class in Wistram, but Valeterisa spoke absently.
“Oh, yes. We have [Teachers] and [Professors] and [Students] here. Classes devoted to learning. It’s not always considered optimal, but I had a [Student] class which I consolidated into [Scholar]. Then it all became [Mage]. I have always missed that. Wistram has a different kind of magic—but its teachers are often quite poor at…teaching.”
Montressa was about to object to that with pride in her former academy—then she remembered Illphres’ entire class had been freezing a classroom and daring her students to unfreeze it for an entire semester. She had to admit—it was a fair point. Eldavin had been a rare [Mage] who was as good at teaching magic as casting it.
