9.15 VM
Page 10
“Magic General Vors. On leave. To correct you, Archmage, it would be Supreme Magi-General Hexa.”
Four Drakes stood facing Valeterisa. One was a professor, almost as grey-scaled as Pexalix, but female, with a monocle floating in front of one eye. The Mage-Lord was a hostile, scowling Drake of around Sooral’s age and, Montressa guessed, much of the same mindset as Sooral.
The two [Generals] of Fissival were an odd contrast, though. General Hexa wore enchanted cloth-plate armor; cloth shaped much like plate armor but far lighter. General Vors, on the other hand, was wearing an oddly exotic-looking scale plate set and stood slightly apart from the rest. He had some kind of a staff with…glass shards on top?
“I don’t know you, Magic General. The rest? I greet you.”
Valeterisa peered at Vors with some interest and inspected Hexa’s armor. The [Professor] spoke curtly.
“Magus Valeterisa. You have caused something of a stir in the Scholarium. I trust you will not disrupt the students’ academic studies or the peace of the Scholarium unduly?”
“I simply asked Sooral if she was challenging me to a duel.”
Valeterisa pointed behind her, much like a student excusing herself to a teacher. Which…perhaps she had been. She certainly seemed to know all the other Drakes and at least the [Professor] and [Mage Lord] intimately.
“That is your right, Valeterisa. As is your right to take your…apprentice?…on a tour of the Scholarium. Within reason. I regret that we did not have the opportunity to offer you an earlier date for your audience. But it is pleasing to see you looking so well. I thought you had passed away years ago.”
Worpell’s voice was calm, even polite-sounding, but Montressa was familiar enough with Wistram’s politics to detect something akin to Nailihuaile’s tones in her voice. And her comments clearly stuck in Valeterisa’s skin. She lifted her chin and spoke unhappily.
“I am the Archmage of Izril. I have met with Archmage Eldavin, and you all have seen his great magic from Wistram. Yet I was denied a single audience. Do you have no interest in magic?”
General Vors’ eyes shot sideways as his brows rose, but Mage Lord Cureq replied without looking directly at Valeterisa. He focused on a point over Montressa’s head as he spoke.
“Your presence, Magus Valeterisa, is unwelcome. You are both a theoretical agent of the north as well as a representative of Wistram, whom we have recently clashed with. Not only that; you took up arms against Fissival. As Supreme General Hexa points out, the army is within its rights to expel you as a direct threat to the city. That we have not is a sign of good faith. But to return to the Scholarium after decades of silence and expect an open-armed welcome is extreme, even for you.”
Valeterisa stared at him and exhaled slowly.
“Not everyone can pay to be remembered fondly, Magus Lord. Nor do I regard my studies here as positive. Some of my classes and classmates were unpleasant.”
She peered long at Worpell, but the [Professor] just met the gaze unflinchingly. Cureq shifted.
“Our student years are more than half our lifetimes ago, Valeterisa. It seems pedantic to bring up grudges from then.”
“I am a citizen of a Walled City. I suppose I have Drake-like qualities.”
Valeterisa snapped back. Montressa’s mouth opened. She was getting angry! The Archmage was so agitated that the Supreme General tensed slightly, but it was Vors who spoke up.
