9.15 VM
Page 24
Not here. He stared at the crowd hurling so many objects that the contest had to be postponed, and Valeterisa just…flew off as her supporters and apprentice took over for her. She was not ashamed.
“Look at what the City of Magic has become. Zelkyr, you always hated it, and they made statues of you. This was one of their greatest students?”
His eyes picked out people in the crowd who didn’t jeer or shout. Humans, staring up at one of their own. Drakes, listening, watching her magic.
Could they see it? He thought they could. Look at her. Listen to her words and radical ideas, and she was a radical in any time, a distracted [Scholar] compared to the pragmatist-[Mages] you needed. But if Fissival had eyes—and they were a citizenry of [Mages]—surely they saw what he did.
Her magic was better. Her opponents used magic like someone fired a crossbow. They loaded up a spell with magic and fired it out. Valeterisa was akin to an [Archer]. She drew an arrow, pulled only as much magic as she needed, and loosed each spell perfectly. Her control lifting a block of stone wasn’t of someone heaving it up with pure mana, but instead holding it, balancing it with half the magic her opponent needed.
Yet. Perril Chandler’s fingernails dug into dead skin as he watched her. And he saw a future written ahead of her in his own image. A man, kneeling before a throne where no one would speak up for him.
“They will always betray you, Archmage of Izril.”
Az’kerash whispered in his quiet castle devoid of life. Save for a single slime—a world of death. Then he went back to his own studies and his children, his Chosen. For he was reminded of a vision. A Walled City in ruins, where death walked.
But he kept the scrying orb with him. Waiting, perhaps, to see another ending to the story he knew so well.
 
——
 
It became bloody after that. Although blood didn’t spill right away.
But it was the passion. The revulsion of Valeterisa’s enemies, their palpable, simmering dislike of her and everything she espoused.
As for Montressa? Likewise! She stood with Fyres’ staff in hand, glaring daggers at the Scholarium’s [Mages].
“Contest! A Magistorm Battle! Mage Lord Ascoden and Magus Montressa challenge the Scholarium’s [Battle Mages]! How many?”
Ascoden stood there, next to Montressa, and she looked up in surprise. The duels were inevitable. What was surprising was that Ascoden bellowed the challenge.
“What about Archmage Valeterisa?”
He winked at her as Vors glanced his way. It was bad form for a [General] to enter the fight, but Ascoden watched as Mage Lord Cureq and a cluster of overly-eager Drakes lined up.
“In truth, I would love to see Archmage Valeterisa fight. But I think I can swing some tails her way. She…is not the most flamboyant spellcaster. Her duel would be a thing of beauty, but sometimes we need a hammer to smack sense into brick-heads.”
He nodded to the crowd. They’d gone back to the Scholarium, and the ‘Magistorm Battle’, Fissival’s fanciful term for a duel, was best done in a place with enchanted walls.
Montressa was nervous; she didn’t know if she would win. She said as much to Ascoden.
“I’m a defensive caster, Mage Lord. I’ve fought with other [Mages], but I’m not a Gold-rank adventurer. Nowhere near.”
He nodded amiably.
“I know. That’s why I demanded a battle, not a duel. I need someone to cover me. We’ll be fighting across the Scholarium at range, if I know this lot. We’ll face six. Any six you want!”
