9.15 VM
Page 37
“No sign of anything in the city. Maybe she’ll come back. She never lied. Not that girl. When she told me she could make a spell out of my magic…I believed her.”
He cast around, and Montressa gazed across the city of Fissival again. She saw a lot of Drakes craning their necks, looking for Valeterisa too. Probably two-thirds of the city were in range of a scrying orb, and she had to believe everyone had heard of Valeterisa, even if some were dismissing her.
But what was it? Montressa stared further, into the distance. You could see for miles upon miles from the Scholarium, the highest point in the city save for the towers. Of course, the great Scrying Tower could cast a spell anywhere, but visually, she could even see Salazsar’s city in the distance, a speck on the horizon. The southern mountain range, and if she went to the other side of this plaza, she could see the sea, beyond which the eastern edge of the world lay. Southwards, Chandrar—not that anyone could see another continent from here.
A breathtaking view. Montressa didn’t love heights, but she could admire how high Fissival was on its coastal plateau. Why, even the magical guard-towers seemed small from here, and she knew they were forty feet tall, even if they were at a lower elevation.
In fact, it was dizzyingly high from the Scholarium, and she said as much.
“The Scholarium must be a hundred feet—no, close to a hundred and fifty from the ground, is that right, Mage Lord Ascoden? It didn’t feel like that.”
She was peering down at what she could see of the plateau from here. Ascoden raised his brows.
“That’s a bit of an exaggeration. We’re barely…thirty feet up from here? Some of the walls are higher, though you can climb the Scholarium to maybe eighty feet. The towers…but not a hundred and fifty from here.”
“No, it has to be higher. Look. The guard towers are tiny.”
Montressa was insistent. Ascoden snorted, but then he walked over. General Vors had gone silent as he put a speaking stone to one earhole. The Mage Lord peered over the balcony and hesitated.
“Ancestors. They are small from here. But they’re taller than the walls of Fissival. It must be some trick of the light. You know, I never noticed that.”
“I didn’t either. I could have sworn they were of the same height. And see down there. There’s a city.”
“Uh…Kallisope? That’s fascinating. Vors. Vors. Look at this. I’ve never seen Kallisope from here. They should be all the way down the coast. Vors? Professor Pex?”
Now, Ascoden turned, and he saw Vors’ expression. Then someone began laughing. Professor Pexalix was laughing wildly as Professor Worpell glanced around. The Scholarium’s students and teachers gaped at him uncomprehendingly…but then Montressa began to feel something. It was subtle, but she had felt this before.
On Pallass’ elevators, when she’d gone riding them. A kind of…pressure when it went up and the opposite when it went down. A subtle resistance. It was replaced by a sudden lurch in her stomach. She turned—and Ascoden whirled around.
“No way.”
Montressa du Valeross began to run, searching for a better vantage point. The citizens glanced at each other blankly, and some followed her. But the [Crafters] just turned to Milaw as he realized what she had.
But unlike Montressa, he trusted to something else. The trembling [Clockmaker] raised a wand. He cast one spell.
“[Measure Distance].”
He aimed it at the nearest guard tower, seeming small, barely in sight. Then Milaw turned white. He looked around, and then word began coming in from the edges of the city.
