9.15 VM
Page 4
So, the [Teachers] in Fissival let the Scholarium take students who didn’t even know how to cast spells yet. A group of young Drakes and two Humans were holding their wands, some of them barely ten years old, and a kindly [Teacher] was showing them how to channel magic into their wands.
“No, don’t cast anything—just focus. Good. Pass! And you—”
“How do I focus, Teacher?”
A Drake girl seemed distressed as she tried to push magic into her wand. She was probably not a native of Fissival if she didn’t know how to even put magic into her wand. Montressa saw the Drake draw his own wand with a flourish.
“Like this. [Learn by Example] and [Illustrated Point]. See? The magic comes down the arm, into the wand, and it gathers here.”
Montressa blinked. She could read magic flow, but that was an advanced trick. Now, with only her mundane eyes, she saw magic running down the [Teacher]’s arm into his wand. The class oohed, and the young Drake stared at her wand excitedly.
“I get it! You pull it from here—I get it!”
Teaching Skills. Montressa had to admit—that wasn’t bad. Other [Teachers] and [Professors] clearly had Skills that had little magical utility but a lot of power in these classroom settings. One spotted a snoozing Drake and snapped her fingers.
“[Focus, Class].”
The Drake blinked, snapped up to guilty attention, and she gave him a reproving look. But a lot of Skills also extended to identifying struggling students or clarifying points.
Yet Montressa’s interest in each teacher was also in finding Valeterisa’s own mentor. Who was it? The teacher showing wands? Another illustrating how to draw runes? That teacher, over there, making his students run across the ground?
“Testicles! If the Sinew Magus has proven anything, it’s that a [Mage] can be fit and cast spells! I studied under Grimalkin himself. You want to take on a Wyvern bare-handed? Well then—”
“…Definitely not that one.”
It seemed like old graduates of Fissival could influence the Scholarium even after they’d left. For proof of that—Montressa saw a familiar face in another open plaza area in the vast courtyard.
Not that she knew Archmage Zelkyr that well, but only he would be standing amongst a corner of one of the buildings, in a small plot of grass, with the familiar Truestone Golems—one of them—flanking him.
Interestingly, it was not Cognita, but the Gnoll Golem. Montressa really would love to know what Cognita thought of that. An entire class was sitting in the shadow of the statues.
They were eight feet tall. There, along the low stone edge you could sit on, a Drake was lecturing his class. It didn’t seem like a magical lesson. His prop was a simple object too. Montressa sharpened her gaze and amped up her vision, but…
Nope. It was just a rock.
The [Professor] sat with the rock laying just within arm’s reach, his entire class of students, some of whom seemed like they were close to graduation, listening to him.
“I have a profound conundrum to start our course, students. You see here, I have a rock. It is unenchanted, ordinary, and it is right here. I should very much like to lift it up to, say, around head-height. How might I effect a solution to my problem?”
The students glanced at each other, and some laughed, but the Drake had a completely serious face. One bold student sitting close to him stood up.
“I can help, Professor. What about…?”
She picked up the rock and held it up. The [Professor] gaped at her—and then he exploded into fury.
“What have you done?”
