9.16 R
Page 4
The carriage halted as the Hobgoblin was suddenly surrounded by an odd group of…fawning people? It wasn’t like a Goblin mob where they’d tackle you and cover you with affection or Erin’s friendliness. They were both around him and not pressing in, as if afraid they’d upset him.
Ironically, that made Rabbiteater’s skin crawl harder. But the looks of enraptured admiration were real. Someone ran for a well, and more kept bowing.
“Uh oh. You alright, Rabbit?”
Dame Meisa called out, which made the [Peasants] hesitate, but Rabbiteater nodded. He shook a few hands, which delighted the [Peasants]. He declined water, but the head of this farm was insistent.
“For the Lightherald’s successor—”
“—I’m not. I just, uh, got some light temporarily.”
“—then for the champion who helped fight for Calanfer! Anything you need, Ser! I am sure the capital will want for nothing—it is a glorious place. But if you wish for food, drink—anything our humble farm can provide—”
He was almost insistent. Which was weird. Rabbiteater began to wonder if something was up. Talia was giving him an encouraging look, and even Markus gave Rabbit a covert nod. All the [Peasants] looked ready to run for a cup of water or…
Why? Because he was Ser Solstice, the [Knight] who had fought with Seraphel? Rabbiteater wasn’t shiny—Lyonette’s boon had worn off, and he was really unhappy because it had been so useful. Even so…he gave in out of sheer desperation.
“Um. Turnips.”
“Turnips, Ser Solstice?”
“Yep. Can I have one?”
Rabbiteater hadn’t eaten a turnip in a long time. He had a vague image of roasting one over the fire with a stick—or if you wanted to be decadent, putting some with oil in a pan, some salt or something for flavor, and giving it a good fry.
That was a Goblin meal. He only really wanted one, but at this, the [Peasants] ran towards their carts and promptly began hunting for the best turnip. Only the best! Dozens of misshapen ones were tossed aside, and they came back with nearly fifteen turnips.
“I, uh—only want one.”
“As many as you need, Ser Solstice! It’s not the finest fare, but I do have [Pestless Crops]! For you, sir! Someone wash it off—”
Eventually, he had three turnips, and the beaming people had bowed so many times Rabbiteater was afraid the older ones would snap their spines. He backed away to the carriage, feeling…vaguely unnerved by all of it.
“Turnips? Of all the things to ask for, Rabbiteater…”
Dame Meisa was patently amused as the Hobgoblin retreated into the carriage. Rabbiteater waved at the [Peasants], who were cheering the Goblin Slayer, and he muttered.
“Let’s go. Now.”
The [Driver] urged the horses, and Rabbiteater waved a bit and stared at the people in the field. He looked around.
“Is Calanfer all like that? Like—friendly but because I’m a [Knight]? What’s the word for…”
“Sycophantic?”
Ser Ilm suggested. Rabbiteater shrugged.
“I don’t know what that is. Sick?”
“No, ah, flattering. Flattering to the point where it’s not quite real. Especially to the nobles and those of higher station?”
“Ah. Yes. Do they do that for everyone?”
Ser Markus snorted.
“If a local noble or—perish the thought—one of the [Princesses] had gotten out of their carriages, it would have drawn everyone in twenty miles to bow and kiss their hands. Good thing you didn’t ask for a slice of beef. They might have slaughtered a cow on the spot.”
Rabbiteater shifted and felt a crawl down his spine.
“Weird. Why?”
