9.16 R
Page 9
Fifteen minutes. Calanfer was good at speeches. Fifteen minutes at most was what Seraphel knew was a rule for public addresses, and they would be repeating the speech and having [Bards] circulate pre-written copies of what was to be said. It would probably even be a good speech—but all three [Princesses] simply lined up with the army of Calanfer, Pheislant, and the other people being lauded and talked about in loud whispers.
Aielef produced a fan, and the three [Princesses] spoke while Shardele beamed down at them with a subtle glower that said she knew they were not paying attention nor did they have to stand and look proud for an hour straight. Vernoue sniggered up at her.
“Look, they even hauled Shardele down to the Midday Plaza. She must be higher than the Starlight Peak’s tower.”
Her sisters snorted. Aielef glanced up.
“Not if that stare she’s giving us is any indication. Father must really want to show how grateful he is.”
The Midday Plaza was a bad place for a [Princess] to be—it meant you were receiving each wave of visitors with speeches, and you had to smile in the company of other officials, not get up for one meeting at the palace or show your face for a bit. Shardele, as the oldest, was probably furious at having to stand for hours.
It was a perspective only Seraphel could have. A [Princess], ignoring all the awe and grandeur. She glanced over her shoulder.
“It looks like another half hour till the palace. More like forty minutes. Anyone got a snack?”
Vernoue hesitated.
“If they see you eating it…”
“Oh, hush. I know you have some frozen blackberries. Give some here.”
Aielef and Seraphel bullied Vernoue until she covertly gave them some blackberries, which they popped into their mouths. They had some honey, and they were a wonderful sweet. Aielef glowered at Vernoue as she fanned herself.
“You little rat. Where did you get these?”
“The last inn we stayed at had some.”
“So that’s why the [Innkeeper] claimed she had some and was out! You thieving…you’re worse than Lyonette.”
“Ah, you can’t say that anymore. She’s the darling [Princess] married to our Drake allies, remember?”
Vernoue’s eyes flashed with mirth, and Seraphel nearly choked on her snack. Aielef sighed.
“Dead gods. I wonder what Father is doing. I imagine there will be a huge reception now that we’re no longer backed against the wall. I shall be having a bath before then. Oh, look. Shardele is speaking now. Wonderful.”
Aielef made a gesture with her fan, a ‘get on with it’ motion that Shardele probably saw. The [Princess] spoke with a compassionate gaze for the crowd, clasping her hands and staring upwards as she used a Skill—and she gave Aielef a single blink of annoyance.
Boring and boredom. Except for…Seraphel finally saw one of the last people to enter the square, accompanied by huge cheers. Vernoue turned, and even Aielef smiled genuinely.
“If only we could have ridden with him. Now there’s someone interesting. Will he be staying at the palace?”
“I can’t imagine Father and Mother would have it any other way.”
Who, exactly, Vernoue meant was obvious. Ser Solstice’s head was swiveling around as he stared about the cheering square, and radiant lights were being cast by the [Wizards]. He looked amazed and overwhelmed, but Seraphel…
She had things she wanted to talk to him about. She found him interesting. But most of all—the [Princesses] had gotten to know the enigmatic [Knight] of Izril, and not only was his worth even higher with the Order of Solstice in Izril—
