9.16 R
Page 17
The dress was patterned with keys. Camouflaged keys against folded green and blue, such that you had to sort of stare and they’d appear, subtly woven into the fabric. But less-subtle were the bracelet…and the lock dangling from one wrist. In fact, the woman had a locked choker and even an earring in the shape of a key.
One of the warriors standing next to her was one of their [Knights]. He had…a key-shaped sword hilt. Rabbiteater scratched his head, but the [Lady] simply lifted a hand.
“Goblin Slayer. Hello.”
“Does everyone know me?”
He waved back, and the [Lady] laughed lightly. She called back.
“How not, in Samal’s paradise? As you aptly said, we have scrying orbs aplenty, and I found a key the day I saw you duel the Dame of Hills! If you have an appreciation for Samal, perhaps you will be a welcome guest!”
“Highly gracious of you, milady!”
Meisa bowed, and the [Lady] waved her off. Rabbiteater stared at the rest of her escort.
“Keys and locks. Paradise nation, right.”
“Famously gracious abroad. Both in errantry and their…interest in the world. For a paradise, they have a number of their own who decide to leave. Then again, I have heard it has something to do with their culture of locks and keys.”
Markus murmured. Rabbiteater nodded. Meisa pointed as they strode past a group unloading their wagons.
“One guess which group that is, Rabbit.”
He turned his head and frowned. He was about to say ‘not fair’, but then he noticed that every single member of the group, from the warriors in light leather armor to the nobility waiting patiently for a pair of hunting hawks to stop screeching—all carried bows.
“Aha. Avel!”
Meisa smiled.
“See? You do know some. The Kingdom of Bows.”
Rabbiteater raised a hand.
“Is it stupid they all look like their names? Kingdom of Keys. Kingdom of Bows…seems obvious.”
Markus laughed, but Meisa just sighed.
“We are seeing their representatives, Rabbit. I think they…play into their image a bit when it befits them. Not everyone in Samal wears so many key-themed items. Although it is part of their day-to-day lives.”
“Yeah, like the choker. Does she have a lock on her underwear?”
Ser Markus choked as Meisa gave Rabbiteater another look. The Spring Knight fanned himself.
“One does not speculate, Ser Rabbiteater!”
The Goblin poked him playfully.
“Yeah, but I’m not blushing. You’re the one who thought Aielef was—”
Markus ahemed and ahemed louder as Rabbiteater tried to go on. The Goblin whispered.
“Ser Markus the Sexually Indiscreet!”
The nickname he had come up with with Meisa made Markus turn purple. A passing [Servant] gave Markus a wide-eyed stare and moved slightly away, across the hallway. Markus gave them a pained look.
“Ser Rabbit. How about that group?”
He pointed to a pair of cordial men speaking to each other in a hallway. They were both dressed in what Rabbiteater would call ‘generic’ clothing without anything as amazing as the other guests. However, one did have a nice pair of shoes. Aside from that? He squinted at their crests and saw a wavy pattern over a rearing…Hydra head? And the other was just some anchor crossed with a complex filigree bird. Markus nodded at the duo.
“Which two kingdoms are they, Ser Solstice? Here’s your hint. They’re neighbors, and both are southern kingdoms. Traditionally friendly.”
“Uh. Uh…”
“One specializes in…dancing…or at least one member is known for that. And the other is specialized in—well, it’s marshy—”
The Goblin snapped his fingers.
“Nadel. Desonis!”
