9.16 R
Page 37
“How did you hide that gelato? You don’t have a bag of holding!”
For answer, Seraphel simply walked over to the closed, and now locked, fridge. She eyed the magical padlock. Then she stuck her hand through the door and pulled out the almost untouched ice-cream cone.
Vernoue’s eyes went round. Seraphel winked at her.
“New Skill. Mother doesn’t know how it works. [Ghostly Hand].”
“Ghostly—that’s incredible, Seraphel! Does it hurt? Can you make anything larger intangible?”
“Nothing as big as a chair. Only something I can hold comfortably. And before you ask, I need a hole behind the wall—I can’t just insert a rock into a solid brick wall. But I won’t be halted from having desserts. Just so long as they store them close to the front.”
“Lucky you. No one else will be getting snacks.”
Vernoue’s face turned dark with anger. Shardele had poisoned the communal well of sweets—which was like her because she had the smallest sweet-tooth. It would come back to bite her, though; her sisters would not let this go unpunished. If people knew Seraphel as having a ‘sharp tongue’, well, Menisi and Aielef were vicious.
At any rate, her mood was ruined, and so Seraphel handed Vernoue the ice cream.
“Here. A bribe. You might as well get something after this debacle. I will see you—elsewhere.”
Vernoue brightened up. She took the cone, gave Seraphel a kiss on the cheek, and hurried off with her friends. As for Seraphel—her stomach rumbled, and she sighed. Then she reached back into the fridge.
“What’s this? Oh. Oh. Is this tapioca pudding? Custard tapioca pudding!”
Don’t mind if she did. Especially now that she had complete plausible deniability. Even Ielane made mistakes. And hers was not knowing how many desserts had been pilfered before she’d put a lock on the fridge. This might be Seraphel’s last free run on gelato.
So, if you could eat one pudding, why not two? And another ice cream cone. This one was peppermint.
 
——
 
Rabbiteater was upset. He hated the stupid food. He hated the banquet. But most of all—
He hated the food.
In fact, Ser Markus found Meisa loitering outside of one of the restrooms in Calanfer, calling out to Rabbiteater.
“Rabbit—how long is it going to be? It’s not even the third course!”
“Go away. This is your fault.”
It was definitely Rabbiteater in there. Ser Markus hesitated since it was, well, the toilets.
A word on lavatories in Terandria. Of all the aspects of the Eternal Throne of Calanfer, the one area where they might fall behind another city was…plumbing. The Eternal Throne had plumbing in its capital, but nowhere near the level of a Drake city.
A lot of households outside the capital just used traditional outhouses. While the nobility had toilets, some were, uh—manually emptied.
Not the ones in the capital! Nossir. However—if you understood how hard pipelines were to lay—especially amidst enchanted stone, which could not be replaced or easily altered—you might understand why there was a toilet problem.
Some of the guestrooms had personal toilets, but there were also communal ones. Why did this matter? Well, Pallass could afford and create internal plumbing for all. Calanfer?
Calanfer had toilet stalls for its many servants and guests. Quite a lot…and one Goblin was currently sitting in one having a bad time.
They were nice toilets. Porcelain, not wood where you risked a splinter. There was the scent of something in the air, an orchid, probably, and even washing basins with gold-plated knobs. Not that Rabbiteater was going to see them any time soon.
“Something wrong with our Ser Solstice, Meisa?”
