9.16 R
Page 5
“Because you’re a [Knight]. Thronebearers are treated like that, and while Pheislant has far less of the peasantry…Calanfer does well to make its citizens love the Eternal Throne. Especially so close to the capital.”
Ser Greysten seemed to understand Rabbiteater’s uneasiness. So did Markus; Talia looked slightly miffed that Rabbiteater found the experience unpleasant. As for Ser Ilm…he was watching the farmers. Rabbiteater looked at Markus.
“Why do all that? Markus?”
“Well, a noble could be quite unpleasant if he didn’t get that response. Not that my family was in fear of our local [Lady]. But you hear stories.”
The Spring Knight spoke cheerfully, and instantly, Talia grew patently uncomfortable.
“Not in Pheislant.”
Markus ignored that pointedly.
“Nor were my family [Peasants]. But every class and kingdom does it differently. Just look back at the folks who gave you turnips, Rabbit.”
The Hobgoblin did. They were rolling away at a good pace, but—the Goblin’s eyes suddenly narrowed. He peered through his visor, wishing the slits of metal weren’t in the way. Wait a second.
“What’s that?”
Ser Ilm commented, jotting a few notes down.
“That would be the reason why you have a generalist class like [Peasant]. They’re not as adept as [Farmers], but they are good at one thing: tithing and supporting higher classes. What Skill would you call that, Markus?”
“I don’t know. My family didn’t get those Skills. But I’d guess it’s a [Tribute]. What are they holding, Rabbiteater?”
The Goblin was…goggling. He pointed out the window at the man who’d given him a turnip.
“That’s a—but that’s—that’s a blue fruit!”
A fat blue fruit was sitting in the palm of the delighted [Peasant], and another was yanking turnips out of the ground with amazing vigor. The last one was just beaming about, still waving. Ser Ilm categorized all three.
“Let’s see. One seems to be a strength boost. The smiling woman? I daresay a mood-based Skill. But the last fellow might be high-enough level to gain something. [Tribute: Hometown Gift] or some such. If he was warier of us, he wouldn’t be so open about it. Or he might fear you’ll steal the—Rabbiteater, no!”
Ser Ilm grabbed for Rabbiteater, but the [Knight] had kicked the door open. Talia, Markus, and even Greysten tried to stop him, but the Goblin was running back down the field.
The [Peasants] looked terrified, and Talia groaned.
“Don’t let him steal the fruit back! Markus, come on—”
“Wait.”
Meisa barred the others from stopping Rabbiteater; he was pounding towards the man in front, who looked like he was going to faint in fear. She peered at Rabbiteater and remembered something he had said once. All five [Knights] saw Rabbiteater skid to a halt. They couldn’t hear him, but he didn’t snatch the blue fruit proffered by the terrified man.
Rather, he pointed at it emphatically and gestured, and the looks on the [Peasants]’ faces changed from fear to relief—straight back to horror. The man nearly dropped the fruit, and Talia hesitated.
“Wait, what’s he saying?”
Ser Ilm slapped his forehead.
“Bright blue…wait a second. That must be an Amentus Fruit! Dead gods! He’s saving them from dying of poison!”
“Poison?”
Talia was horrified. Ilm explained the deadly nature of the blue fruits, and sure enough, Rabbiteater himself produced a knife and cut up the fruit carefully, before giving pieces out to the cautious people. He showed them the core and handed it to the man, who gingerly pointed at a plot of land. By the time Rabbiteater came jogging back, Greysten was sitting up.
