9.16 R
Page 44
“Magic in the stall on the far wall. Would that be from Tourvecall? The Kingdom of Incantations?”
Both parties were silent. At length, the woman responded.
“Lady Menrise of Tourvecall. And I believe I am adjacent to…”
“Earl Altestiel of the Rains.”
“You mean the mudslides.”
Rabbiteater shot back. Cortese began laughing.
“Hah!”
Even Seraphel chuckled, but Altestiel was not amused.
“This is no laughing matter…Ser Solstice. I have half a mind to conjure a storm to engulf this entire city. Who allowed this travesty of—whatever is upon us?”
Seraphel stopped laughing abruptly and spoke hurriedly.
“I can assure you, Lord Altestiel—this has to be the most incredible of accidents. Or perhaps…something else. I have never, ever heard of someone encountering—this at a banquet.”
Rabbiteater snorted.
“First time for everything?”
The three other non-Calanferian guests muttered dark agreement. Seraphel bit her lip. Then Altestiel spoke.
“I suppose…‘Ser Solstice’…it’s fortuitous we meet. You have a very interesting name. One so fascinating, I cannot help but equate it with a young woman I happen to know personally. And the Order she established. An [Innkeeper] of some renown.”
Rabbiteater sat up in his stall. He turned to his right.
“Wait. You know…Erin?”
Seraphel and the others had no idea who that was, but they blinked as Altestiel sighed.
“The [Innkeeper] of The Wandering Inn. I do indeed. She is a great friend of mine.”
Seraphel’s eyes lit up. But Cortese broke in, sounding fascinated. His tone became sly.
“Oh, the [Innkeeper]? And that odd scene with the Order? Ser Solstice—is that where you come from?”
“…No?”
A knowing silence enveloped them until Altestiel responded.
“I, uh—take it you are a mutual acquaintance of hers? She did not mention you outright, ‘Ser Solstice’.”
He said it like he knew quite patently it was not Rabbiteater’s real name. Rabbiteater just wondered if this was a friend or foe. If he liked Erin…probably a friend?
How did she know a Terandrian Lord? He decided to ask just that.
“She’s a friend. I stayed at her inn. How do you know her?”
“I, ah, encountered her on my visit to Izril. A quite striking young woman. A magnificent chess player. Whom I propositioned to marry.”
Rabbiteater roared.
“What?”
Seraphel nearly fell off her toilet seat in shock.
“What?”
Cortese stared blankly at the ground.
“Does anyone have any more toilet paper?”
Rabbiteater kicked the door of his stall and almost tried to climb over the side to see Altestiel.
“You did what?”
“Ser Solstice! Please!”
Seraphel remonstrated with him. Altestiel sounded amused.
“She rejected me. Is that so inconceivable?”
“Yes! I don’t know you! I’ll fight you.”
Altestiel bristled in his stall.
“Why? Are you one of Miss Erin’s suitors?”
“No! She saved my life! Cortese, give me your glove. I’ll slap him with it.”
The Hundredlord broke in with a note of growing urgency in his voice.
“I might trade my glove for a…a roll of toilet paper? I appear to be out.”
The other four occupants fell silent. Rabbiteater had been sparing—and he’d stolen half the paper from every other stall. But he was careful about his supply. Cortese was not.
“Does anyone have anything to spare?”
A chorus of voices answered him.
“Nope.”
“I fear not.”
“Er…I think my own supply might not exceed my demand, whomever you are.”
“Sadly…”
Cortese shouted back.
“Dead gods! I am Hundredlord Cortese! Just send me a scrap or two, would you?”
His identity established, the man waited…and no one came to his rescue. After a second, Rabbiteater called out.
“The stall next to us is empty. Maybe it has something.”
