9.16 R
Page 48
Rabbiteater sat up, worried. His stomach decided it had more to expel—out of worry. Named-rank? 
“What’s a Thousand Lance?”
Seraphel was gingerly debating leaving the restroom herself.
“The greatest knight-order in the world. The Thousand Lances of Kaazaldrin are just that—a thousand [Knights] who are inducted into the greatest knight-order. Even the Order of Seasons or Ailendamus’ [Knights] may be invited. Named-rank adventurers are also sometimes admitted.”
“…Only a thousand?”
“A thousand is all you need. Each noble family ensures a member of our Thousand Lances want for nothing. As a Hundredlord, I have more members of the Lances in my house than all but the crown.”
Hundredlord Cortese picked up the explanation. Rabbiteater sat there.
He didn’t like the idea of that. Or at least, fighting that. A thousand armored enemies wielding artifacts sounded like a really unfair time. But Cortese assured the other people they had nothing to worry about. Beacle stepped back in, issuing huge apologies, and relief finally arrived in the form of a tonic. It was, ironically, brown.
“Kaaz has no designs on conquest. Unlike Ailendamus. We do have a history of answering grudge for grudge—but once settled, friendships bloom from a bit of strife.”
Rabbiteater brightened up. He flushed the toilet one last time and stood up. His stomach finally stabilized.
“Hey, that’s true. I feel better.”
Menrise was industriously flushing the toilet as she sighed in relief.
“Myself included.”
Seraphel gasped.
“Me too!”
Altestiel sighed.
“Praise be to all [Healers]. I think…our ordeal is at an end. Ladies, gentlemen…I think this has been a positive experience. Discounting the pain. I should like to leave now.”
“Yes.”
“Me too.”
Lady Menrise agreed as she delicately opened the stall door.
“And I will shake all your hands. After we have washed them. Thoroughly.”
 
——
 
And so they did. There was something bonding about mutual suffering. As any good [Diplomat] knew. This was such the case that as the door to the condemned lavatory opened, five people emerged all at once, not independently.
Rather than pretend they didn’t know each other, they came out, shaking washed, cleaned hands. Ser Solstice, eying Earl Altestiel, who nodded to the Hundredlord as he peered at Lady Menrise and she flipped her own visor up. She bowed to Princess Seraphel and exchanged the smile of a survivor.
A friendship forged in troubled waters. It was so notable that a passing [Diplomat of Envy], Corek of Ailendamus, halted on his rush to the restroom. He’d just had a bite of a treat he’d been saving on his plate, and none of the Thronebearers or servants had seen fit to save him from his fate.
He felt the terrible pain in his intestines, looked at the group of five, and realized what had happened in a flash. Corek shook his head.
“Dead gods. Is it—the legendary Umbral Throne diplomacy?”
Even more famous than the Winebreath Blaster. If he didn’t know better, he might have guessed Calanfer had set this up! But even they weren’t this dramatic. Corek rushed into the toilet, inhaled once, and paled as he opened a stall.
“Kingdom of Glass and Glory preserve me.”
 
——
 
What a day, eh? Ser Solstice actually sounded more cheerful after his harrowing journey. Perhaps because he’d found a more entertaining group of people than the food or celebrations.
Or perhaps because, as he emerged from the restrooms, he came face-to-face with a silver-and-purple haired man, who did indeed feel like a rainstorm, both in temperament and aura. Prone to moods, the Earl Altestiel of Rains.
