9.16 R
Page 23
Their entire population was bigger than average. But again, they had apparently come from meeting with half-Giants so long ago that they were more like just…taller Humans.
Oh—and their kingdom? They had taken one spot as their home:
The last and only city Giants had ever built. That was Golaen, who, in their way, were as brazenly arrogant as Kaaz. Indeed, whoever the [Lord] leading the group of nobles was, he was clearly talking down to a number of other dignitaries in multiple senses of the word.
Politics were weird. When the [Lord] spotted Rabbiteater, he strode over, engulfed Rabbiteater’s hand in a strong grip that Rabbiteater returned mildly—he was wearing a gauntlet, so he didn’t really feel it—and then tried to flip up the [Knight]’s visor.
“Lord Etrogaer!”
Meisa instantly snapped as Rabbiteater batted away the hand. The [Lord] laughed hugely and patted Rabbiteater on the shoulder before turning to Meisa and snatching a hand to kiss it.
“Ah, forgive me, Dame Knight! I had to try. So you are Ser Solstice! I heard you dueled our distant cousin, the Dame of Hills!”
“Mm. She was pretty big. You’re tall yourself. Who’re you?”
“Lord Etrogaer, a Duchal title. My class is [Titanguard] of Golaen. One of the sworn protectors of our lands—not that most monsters trouble Golaen’s folk. I’ve wondered how many [Knights] I would have a chance to spar! Would you be interested?”
Rabbiteater gave Etrogaer a blandly calm reply.
“I don’t think it’s wise. I cut off fingers.”
The [Titanguard]’s eyes flashed as he bared all his teeth.
“If you’re concerned for me, I’ll wear gauntlets! Come now, are you nervous?”
Rabbiteater rolled his shoulders in a shrug.
“Nah. But I won’t duel you.”
“I heard you took on one of Cenidau’s Hearthlords not twenty minutes ago. Have you lost your nerve suddenly?”
The [Titanguard] teased him as people turned and regarded the two. Rabbiteater saw some of Kaaz’s nobles watching him, and he replied steadily.
“Nope.”
“Then…?”
The Goblin turned and gave Lord Etrogaer a long look. He replied in a carrying tone as Meisa and Markus watched, tense. Well, Markus was wondering if the two came to blows—how in the hell would he pull Etrogaer off Rabbiteater? Even with Meisa’s help? Yet Rabbiteater’s stare through his visor was level and perhaps—unsettling.
What did the man see? A blank visor? A hint of…something hidden, cloaked by magic such that you couldn’t even see with light shining on the visor? But you imagined it. A disfigured face? A Drake? A Gnoll? And that voice was so calm, even with the [Titanguard]’s Aura of Might bearing down on him. His felt like…to the nobles…
Home. Rabbiteater replied simply.
“If I lose, you’ll try to take my helmet off. Especially if I’m unconscious.”
Etrogaer laughed. He threw his head back and laughed, then clutched Rabbiteater’s shoulder.
“You have me, Ser Knight! It was my intention from the start. I suppose that’s a ‘no’?”
He turned, chuckling, and Rabbiteater called out after him.
“If you want to wager your life, I’ll do it. But I don’t fight fair.”
The [Titanguard] turned, and a silence fell as Markus’ hand meeting his face was the only audible sound for a second. Then Etrogaer strode back over, clapped Rabbiteater on the shoulder, and turned.
“Now there’s a [Knight] with some proper bravery! I rather like you, Ser Solstice!”
Then he nodded to them and left. When he was out of earshot, Rabbiteater leaned over to the tensed Meisa and Markus.
“…I don’t think he actually likes me. Which is good. Because I don’t like him.”
