9.16 R
Page 50
Cortese looked astonished—and approving. Rabbiteater eyed the huge lion; she was not the maned kind, being female, but she was a huge predator and on Earth, an apex killer. Here? He thought she was sort of cute.
“I used to grow up with Carn Wolves. They’re bigger. Roll over.”
Baeris bared all her teeth in a warning snarl that made Seraphel step back. The lion was far too intelligent for her liking, doubtless the product of Skills. Rabbiteater instantly stuck his gauntleted hand in her mouth. The lion backed up as Cortese’s eyes widened in shock. Altestiel began chuckling.
“Go on and bite me. Dare you. I’ve got metal hands.”
Baeris growled—then licked his gauntlets. Rabbiteater ruffled her head, and Cortese exhaled. He let go of his hilt and guffawed so loudly everyone in earshot looked at him.
“You! You must come to Kaaz! I’ve decided—Ser Solstice is no rogue but a friend! So sayeth the Hundredlord of House Withred! What is your name, Ser Solstice?”
He proclaimed it like a royal announcement—which it almost was. Seraphel herself was amazed, but Ser Solstice just rose and shook Cortese’s hand.
“You can call me Rabbiteater. Some of my friends do. Did someone say drinks? What’s alchemical dawn cider?”
 
——
 
You might think a Goblin could make no friends in Calanfer, with all the Humans and their views on Goblins. But a masked Goblin [Knight] had a lot in common with a Lady of Tourvecall. Lady Menrise even had her own glass straw she brought everywhere.
“So, how do you eat with your helmet on?”
Rabbiteater found out that alchemical dawn cider was a kind of cider brewed in Calanfer. It glowed, like everything else in the Eternal Throne, but the alchemical part was something that made it fizz in a lovely way as he took a sip from his own straw.
And he stood on the Skybridge, the crystal bridge now glowing softly, a cherry red as the sun fell. As the moon rose, Seraphel assured them, it would be like standing on a moonbeam.
Menrise answered with a low chuckle.
“I am allowed to take my helmet off if not in the company of outsiders, so it is a far less strenuous obligation than yours, Ser Solstice. But as to your question? Either a privacy screen or—how large is your helmet?”
“Eh. Not very.”
“Mm. I have a very small pouch of holding. So I would transfer in an acceptable bite of food—something handheld—and then, inside my helmet, levitate the food out—”
“Amazing. I just drink soup.”
Altestiel nearly snorted his own drink out his nose. He looked around as the bridge began to change, taking on a glow from the blue moon above, the only one out as the green moon waned in the sky to a sliver.
He kept looking down, despite knowing he stood on solid ground, because it did feel like standing on pure light. It was a magnificent sight—and even for a visitor to Calanfer, he had to admit it was unique.
Mainly because no one else was on the bridge but Beacle, a few Thronebearers keeping people from walking on from both sides, and the five guests.
Princess Seraphel du Marquin could reserve the Skybridge to herself. In fact, for a royal family member, that was the default; no pedestrian would cross while she stood there. They’d use the other, lesser bridges.
The [Princess] was almost completely ignorant to the changing Skybridge, which amazed her other newfound friends. And they were…friends? They were something.
“A fine drink. A fine view, I will admit.”
