9.16 R
Page 46
“Endemic to Tourvecall. This may be the most…unguarded we have ever met the reclusive nobility of Tourvecall. I have always wondered what lay under their helmets. No offense, Lady Menrise.”
“None taken. It is hardly as if we are half-Elves. I fear our appearance would be more distressing than…alluring. I may oblige you all.”
Hundredlord Cortese was as surprised as Seraphel, who understood the same thing. Though he blurted it out, which was typical of Kaaz’s folk.
“Truly? I thought it was entirely intimate.”
The Lady chuckled darkly.
“It is embarrassing more than anything. But I can hardly imagine anything worse than this.”
Cortese hesitated before barking a pained laugh.
“True.”
“Yup.”
The Goblin, sitting in the middle stall, nodded. Rabbiteater found himself imagining the woman as she explained.
“It would appear—to preface the issue—as though my skin were too pale. Regardless of color. The sheer magic in Tourvecall has changed our very skin. The helmet is not to hide our appearance, either; unguarded, our skin leaks mana.”
“It does? That—is not something I’ve heard of.”
Altestiel was astonished. The [Lady] sighed.
“A side effect of our magical blood. Not a single Spellbound of Tourvecall is born without the ability to cast spells. But we are exposed to too much of it, perhaps. The mana is so dense in the air…well, the common folk are not nearly as surrounded by it.”
“Huh. Sounds cool. I like magic.”
Rabbiteater offered. He was the common folk in the room, and the others chuckled at that. Hundredlord Cortese interrupted.
“If you think that is a sight, visit the Infinite Dungeon of Kaaz, Goblin Slayer. If your axe is half as sharp as your wit, you might clear a number of rooms.”
“Or lose a hand in the interminable duels.”
“That is an exaggeration of Kaaz, Earl Altestiel.”
The Earl of Rains’ reply was to toss one of the spare rolls into Cortese’s stall.
“Is it? I have three scars from visiting Kaaz. Dueling is ‘optional’, but you lot like to press your point, pun intended!”
“We pursue excellence in combat, and we settle matters with blades as well as words!”
Cortese hurled two rolls back. Seraphel shouted as one landed on her head.
“Would you two stop throwing toilet paper?”
“…Apologies, Your Highness.”
“Yes, Earl Altestiel quite forgot himself.”
Before either man could bristle, Rabbiteater broke in.
“So. One of you likes duels. One of you is super-magical. One of you is responsible for this stupid kingdom.”
“Hey.”
“And what’s Desonis known for?”
Altestiel began to speak, but the other three cut him off.
“Rain.”
“Swamps.”
“Hydras? And a sleeping [Queen].”
The [Earl] spluttered as he raised his voice in outrage.
“Oh come now. Desonis is a proud nation!”
“A wet nation, more like.”
“It rained my entire three-week visit.”
“Lovely hot tubs, though.”
Rabbiteater rubbed his hands together, grinning as the other guests roasted the Earl of Rains.
“Hot tubs, huh? And you wanted to marry Erin? Earl of Hot Tubs? No wonder she said no.”
Altestiel made a choking sound.
“I should like to get a good look at you, Ser Solstice.”
“Yeah, me too.”
A moment of silence as the two men bristled. Then…Rabbiteater poked at his stomach.
“We’re going to die in here.”
The other four people fell silent. Seraphel spoke up after a moment.
“I am sure Beacle is fetching us a potion for our stomachs.”
Lady Menrise almost sobbed aloud.
“What a relief! But what caused this?”
Rabbiteater frowned and poked at his gurgling stomach.
“Uh—what did you all eat?”
