9.16 R
Page 15
She had gloves, high boots, and revealed none of her skin. But the helmet did not fit the elegant dress. Rabbiteater pointed at her.
“Whoa. Weird.”
“Ser Solstice!”
Markus stomped on his foot, and Dame Meisa bowed hurriedly.
“Milady of Tourvecall, please accept our deepest apologies—”
The [Lady]—if that was what she was—halted. Her servants looked oddly pale, not in skin tone necessarily, but…pale, as if they were about to faint. She was part of a group of eight, all of whom wore some kind of strange helmet. Each one was complete, and—unlike their servants who were bareheaded, they were all clearly noble.
One had a completely round…sphere over his head, as polished as a mirror, with two fake ruby eyes that were just cut gems roughly placed where his eyes would be. He also had, to Rabbiteater’s great hilarity, some kind of easily-wipeable ink, and he’d drawn a curved line like a smile under the eyes.
The laughing Goblin was pointing at the figure, and the [Lord] turned, wiped out the smile, and drew an unhappy line in its place. The [Lady] just offered a muted chuckle behind the helm.
“We take no offense. The famous Goblin Slayer is known to be quite—interesting. As we mask ourselves, so, likewise. We shall speak later, but our travels have exhausted us. Excuse us, [Knights].”
At this point, Markus was punching Rabbiteater in the side, but since that was how Redfangs expressed affection, Rabbiteater kept laughing. Meisa just stared at him, and Rabbiteater stopped laughing.
No sex. He coughed into his hand.
“Who are they?”
“Tourvecall. Kingdom of Incantations. They all wear helmets and seldom show their faces. They’re small…but unique. Rabbiteater, you could offend foreign powers! This will be a disaster if you cause an uproar—we would all be in danger of our lives!”
Markus was sweating. Unfortunately, he could swear Rabbiteater was grinning behind his helm.
“So? Nothing’s changed for me.”
Ser Markus whispered a prayer to valor as he considered Rabbiteater in a diplomatic setting. He had already seen how he did with the [Princesses]. Worse—Rabbiteater was not only desired, but if he stayed at the palace, it would be rude not to attend a gathering!
Meisa shot Markus a look that said they’d have to talk to Greysten, but they kept moving. As they did, the Gnoll [Diplomat] came back into focus, talking with the annoyed [Lord] dressed all in greens, a huge recurve bow on his back, and a familiar-looking crest. He was accompanied by four others, one of whom was being served by a porcelain…Golem.
“Milord Veltras. I can give you a personal escort to your rooms, and the Five Families have all been placed in the Beiten Suites. If you would prefer to find your own way…”
“At last, someone who isn’t trying to hold my hand. As for together—we could be apart.”
The other four nobles looked at the representative of House Veltras, who was none other than one of Lady Buscrei’s sons who had drawn the losing straw and had to play politics. Terland, Wellfar, El—even Reinhart—had sent a noble son or daughter, each.
“Yes, I’ve quite tired of my cousins’ infighting. But then again, we Izrilians will be the odd ducks out here. Tell us our rooms, and we will be off.”
A [Lady] with a not-quite-a-smile flicked open a lacquered fan, and a black serpent cast on lurid green stared at Rabbiteater on the fan’s back. He eyed the [Lady] and guessed at once she represented the Reinharts. As for Buscrei’s son—he frowned, then raised a hand.
