9.16 R
Page 16
“Is that the Goblin Slayer and the Order of Seasons? Some friendly faces! Hail! I’m Lady Buscrei’s son, Lord Palec of Oswen! Greetings, although if you’re going to try to hit me, Ser Solstice, I’d rather us keep our distance.”
It was probably his cloak. The red, billowing cloak—or his battered armor without a crest that made him stand out. Or his gold-jade axe or…Rabbiteater glanced at Lord Palec and grinned. He raised a gauntleted hand, and the other members of the Five Families peered at him.
“Ah, the redoubtable Ser Solstice. And the Order of Seasons, whom we—at least Wellfar and Veltras—are allies with in the war. The House of El salutes you.”
A sprightly [Lord] stepped forwards, the oldest of the lot, with white hair and a rather interesting vest festooned with pockets. He unbuttoned one, and the gold clasp fell away even as he shook Meisa and Markus’ hands. He was personable—even for a member of the nobility—but the reason became clear the instant he shook Rabbiteater’s hand.
“For you, Ser Slayer. And I hope to meet Ser Greysten at least, of the Order of Seasons. This is a little pamphlet, which shows in some delightful illustration our kaalblades and a few upcoming projects which include the Archmage of Izril’s own handiwork. For funding or private purchase.”
“Er—thank you, Lord…?”
“Heye. I will be speaking to all the groups present, and I encourage you to leave a note with my servants. I will speak to anyone as time permits.”
The man raised two white brows, and Rabbiteater unfolded his piece of parchment and whistled.
“Ooh. Nice magic. Expensive?”
He showed Markus the price tag, and the [Knight] paled.
“Eight hundred gold per blade? And that’s on orders of ten or more?”
“Perhaps a conversation for the heads of your Season, Ser Knight?”
Lord Heye spoke tactfully. Meisa thanked him, and the Lady of House Wellfar rolled her eyes and stamped a bare foot. She jerked a thumb.
“Shall we find our rooms and agree when to meet, cousins? I have a fleet of my family hounding Ailendamus at sea, and I have no time for El’s advertising. As for you, Ser Solstice—hello. Goodbye.”
She stomped off. Rabbiteater stared after the Five Families. On Izril, they were, he knew, the most important members of any political group in the north. Here?
They were practically lost amidst the other nations. Meisa folded up her paper as Ser Markus speculated on how many years of pay he’d have to save up for to buy some of the items the House of El were advertising.
“Well, that settles it. This is a huge event, Rabbiteater. Tourvecall—you just saw them. The Five Families? Calanfer is either trying for a lot of allies to join them fighting Ailendamus or something even bigger. Come on—let’s not stand in the way. I’ll point out more groups as we go. Though you do know them.”
Rabbiteater followed her as Meisa gestured far more covertly than his finger-pointing.
“No I don’t. I don’t know Terandrian Kingdoms.”
Markus hurried after them, trying to fold the colorful paper.
“Come now, Rabbit. Even you know some by reputation. The names likely trip you up. For instance. The Kingdom of Samal, over there? They are the Kingdom of Keys.”
Rabbiteater peered at a group of people and brightened.
“Oh. Paradise!”
His voice was too loud. A woman swung around, and her dress swirled. Several items clicked on her wrists, and Rabbiteater saw that Samal’s representatives were, uh…
Unsubtle.
