9.16 R
Page 38
“He’s protesting. He made it through two courses before he hid himself here.”
“No I’m not. I told you. Your food is bad.”
Ser Markus hesitated. A toilet was not a place for knightly…anything. Everyone had to do their business, but most preferred to act as though no one ever performed a bowel movement. He had never read a story where the [Hero] stopped behind a bush before fighting a Dragon.
Unfortunately, Rabbiteater had a tendency to bring reality into a lot of situations. Meisa opened her mouth to demand he come out of there—when a terrible sound made both her and Markus recoil.
“Dead gods.”
Markus promptly put his fingers in his ears and wished he had a nose plug. Meisa hesitated.
“…Was that you, Rabbiteater?”
“Yes. Your food is bad!”
“Oh dear, I think he’s not actually lying, Meisa. What did he, uh—eat?”
Markus muttered. Meisa hesitated.
The problem was…Rabbiteater had been enjoying Terandrian hospitality. Which, as he had observed, declined to eat ‘poor fare’. Which included Yellats, potatoes, and a lot of cheap food. In its place?
He got tripe, pudding, blood pudding—which the Hobgoblin had thought was properly cool—and Calanfer, in its richness, could afford a whole host of what some of the kingdoms considered exotic food.
Like oysters. The northern countries that were landlocked didn’t get lots of oysters, and even Cenidau held them in high regard. Steaks prime cut, cheese—all the cheese—and their liquid diet was wine and various alcohols.
Now, there was a bit more variety than some notably bad diets, but there was one more compounding factor in this mix, and it was this:
Rabbiteater was a Goblin. Goblins did not eat this kind of rich food. They would happily eat anything, but a prolonged diet like this was unheard of for Redfangs. Even Garen Redfang.
So—when you understood he was having a bad time on the toilet—
He was having a bad time. Dame Meisa pinched her nose. Something was overpowering the lilac scent. At this point, Markus was backing away.
“Should I, ah, tell Ser Greysten that Ser Solstice will not be coming back?”
“It’ll pass.”
Meisa tried to reassure him, but Rabbiteater croaked back.
“It’s all passing. Someone give me a sword.”
“Rabbiteater, don’t be dramatic.”
Meisa almost stepped inside—the bathrooms were mixed gender and mixed species; there were even some in the castle that could accommodate Centaurs and half-Giants. But she stopped and hesitated.
She had faced down Mothbears in their cave lairs with less trepidation than one step into that porcelain chamber. Meisa remembered her first battle alone, when she had heard the whoofing, growling sounds of the monster within.
She heard much the same noises, but more…gaseous. And what sounded like hubwigh. The sound of a Goblin Knight in agony.
Meisa asked one question.
“Rabbiteater? Are you…ah…urinating?”
“No.”
Ser Markus fled. Meisa backed away. Rabbiteater sat, clutching his stomach and praying for death. He hadn’t felt this bad fighting the Dame of the Hills. He had taken lesser wounds fighting Eater Goats.
“I, ah—I will check on you in a bit. Alright, Rabbit? Can I get you anything?”
“No. Go away. You did this to me.”
Rabbiteater heard Meisa retreat. The door closed, and he immediately regretted it. In his hour of need—had he thrust away the one person who could help him through his pain?
“Meisa? Come back. Meisa.”
He croaked, but he had not the strength—nor the confidence—to stand up. His…unpleasant experiences…were coming in waves. Every time he thought he was done, his stomach decided it was in fact, a bag of holding.
