9.16 R
Page 41
Their shared embarrassment was resulting in a screaming match. When the two realized it—they fell silent. Seraphel, in the stall over, covered her face with her hands and tried to pretend she didn’t exist. Rabbiteater just sat there.
The door opened. A servant stepped in.
“Cleaning serv…Hundred Families protect us. Is any—anyone here?”
“Occupied.”
Seraphel and Rabbiteater shouted. The servant fled. Now, they were existing in a state between embarrassment and—well. Mutual sympathy. Rabbiteater suspected Seraphel was still dying, but he almost felt better.
Misery loved company.
“Haven’t seen you in a bit.”
“Ser Solstice! Please! Now is not the time!”
“Okay. Let’s sit here and listen to each other. Silently.”
Seraphel paused. Then she hurried on.
“Indeed! I haven’t seen you! How is the Eternal Throne of Calanfer?”
“I hate it.”
“Current experiences notwithstanding, truly?”
“This is the only experience. Your stupid food, your endless parties—”
“In fairness, this is for the diplomats, Ser Solstice.”
“Don’t care. Your kingdom sucks.”
“I beg your pardon! I do not go to your…abode and insult it!”
“Yeah, well. My abode sucks too. Lots of rocks and goats.”
“Er—there is such a thing as decorum, Ser Solstice.”
“Not here.”
He was rather enjoying this banter. Seraphel was practically blushing through the bathroom stall.
“I wish you had not—heard this side of me, Ser Solstice! I shall never live this down!”
“Everyone poos.”
“Swear to me you will repeat none of this.”
“If I survive—sure.”
Seraphel sounded relieved about that. She spoke with a strained tone of patience and probably just strain.
“You understand—a [Princess], much less any lady, does not discuss this kind of issue. You are, by your own account, slightly indecorous, Ser Solstice.”
“That means rude, right? I say obvious things, and people call that rude. Everyone. Poos. Call me…Rabbiteater.”
“Rabbiteater. Is that a—a nickname? I never asked.”
“Nope. Well. Yes.”
“Do—do you like to consume rabbits? Is that the, ah—significance of the name?”
“Yep.”
“Ah.”
“Not very hard to get.”
“No, quite. I understand that. I, er—you were heading to Nadel? Are you planning on leaving Terandria…?”
Before he could reply, someone opened the door. Again. This time, Seraphel and Rabbiteater expected sounds of disgust and for someone to run—but they heard what sounded like—
“—the Thousand Lances shall never fail. Never fail—”
Rabbiteater heard it all come out in a rush. He saw and heard fancy boots striking the ground—then someone struck the far wall so hard he and Seraphel jumped. Then whomever it was crashed into the far stall.
That was an amazing entrance into the bathroom. Rabbiteater had never seen someone charge into the toilet like that, but after a flurry of dropping clothing—he heard a familiar horror replay itself.
“Dead gods.”
Seraphel whispered. Someone made a terrible sound as they came to their senses in—relative—safety.
“Lion’s teeth! This disgusting privy—and this is the glorious kingdom of Calanfer?”
Rabbiteater realized he had entered Seraphel’s previous toilet. Which—might not have been flushed. It had certainly been used. Seraphel seemed to be trying to not exist.
Rabbiteater? He started laughing. The outraged voice in the far stall stopped—and then someone spoke.
“You…whomever you are…I warn you to be silent. Or as soon as I leave here, you will answer to me by blood, sir or madam.”
It was a low, dangerous tone—undercut by the note of pain and sounds of splashing. Rabbiteater called back.
“Not going to be any time soon.”
“Silence. I am in the mood to kill someone—”
