9.16 R
Page 22
“Easy. You’re friends with me.”
 
——
 
The Restful Three were a hard concept for Meisa and Markus to explain to Rabbiteater over their walk to his rooms and even afterwards. Not just because it involved talking about their culture, heritage, and so on, but because it took him a while to get around the idea of a ‘sleeping giant’.
“Giants are dead.”
“Yes, Rabbiteater, it’s a phrase from antiquity. Sleeping Giants are dangerous if they wake.”
“So don’t wake them up. Easy.”
“It’s an expression. Based on history!”
“Yeah, because you killed all the Giants. Couldn’t you let them sleep?”
The point—past Rabbiteater teasing Meisa—was this.
The Restful Three were powerful kingdoms who did not make endless wars like Ailendamus. They certainly had the capacity to, but they preferred to, well, enjoy life at the top. Not going to war earned you some concessions, and reminding your enemies and allies why you should be humored every few hundred years wasn’t hard.
They were three nations, and their status as the ‘Restful Three’ was also due to the fact that all three nations tended not to fight each other. Like the Dawn Concordat, but more casually—it meant they could focus on opponents.
They had watched Ailendamus expand without doing much. Whether that was arrogance or a disinterest in meddling in the southern section of Terandria…well, their presence in Calanfer now did not make Ailendamus happy.
Three nations. Kaaz, Golaen, and Erribathe. Respectively, they were better known by their nicknames.
Kaaz, the Kingdom of the Infinite Dungeon. Because it had…the world’s largest dungeon.
Golaen, the Half-Giant’s Kingdom. Notable for a lack of half-Giants…or rather, an odd take on them.
Erribathe, the Kingdom of Myth, one of the few nations that was still traceable back to the first Hundred Families of old who had settled Terandria.
Two of the representative kingdoms were already settling themselves in, and Rabbiteater saw Kaaz’s nobles first.
They had lions. And tigers. And other big cats. Apparently one was called a ‘puma’, and the thing looked extremely dangerous as it prowled behind a noblewoman with a serrated dueling sword who strutted along, practically inviting a duel.
“They’re touchy—as touchy as Taimaguros nobles, and both Taimaguros and Kaaz have fought entire wars—or killed each other over petty insults. They have only one Knight-Order—and it’s the strongest in the world. They have a lot of Named-rank adventurers because of the Infinite Dungeon.”
“Is it really infinite?”
To that, Markus could only shrug. Rabbiteater was amazed that the Spring Knight would call one other Knight Order definitively the ‘best’, but he supposed there were reasons.
“No one’s found the end. Like Medain of Chandrar, it has sustained their nation for a long time. As for Golaen’s folk…well. You can tell who they are.”
“How can I—whoa.”
Rabbiteater turned and blinked. Striding through the Humans gathered in the hallways came…taller Humans.
Just that. They weren’t half-Giants. Not exactly. Moore was notably taller than everyone, and he was…giant-ish. In the sense that you felt like no one could be that tall normally.
These? These were Humans who got as tall as eight feet. Not really nine like Moore; some were six feet tall. Six, seven, eight.
Tall Humans. Strong Humans, too; one of their leaders wore huge, tailored breeches of Wyvernhide, and he looked like he had seen a few battles from the way he walked, confidently patting people he met on the shoulder. That was it. Confidence from Golaen, and why not?
