9.16 R
Page 14
Meisa and Markus didn’t know Goblin language, but both had picked up the ubiquitous Goblin sign. They stepped back, and Rabbiteater whispered.
“All those kingdoms. Who is they?”
“Who are they, Rabbiteater.”
Meisa corrected and got a poke in the side. She promptly slapped his hand. Ser Markus looked as amazed as Talia. He swept a hand through his hair.
“I’m sure we may meet them all. No, if you’ve been given a room, you will be invited to all the formal events.”
“Which is dangerous, because if someone flips up his visor or casts a spell out of curiosity—”
Meisa looked worried, but Rabbiteater tapped his visor.
“I have taken great precautions.”
“Such as?”
The two Spring Knights looked at him, and the Hobgoblin raised a thumb.
“I glued my visor shut.”
Meisa stared at Rabbiteater. He pointed at Ilm.
“He also enchanted my armor against spying. It sounds like fun.”
“Fun? I daresay there are as many trap spells…no, the Restful Three aren’t prone to war. But they are a touchy lot. Especially Kaaz. No wonder Ser Greysten is concerned. We’ll bleed more than on a battlefield if we’re not careful.”
Ser Markus shook his head. Rabbiteater stared at him.
“Who are they?”
For answer, Meisa grabbed his arm—the servants were waiting to show him to the palace.
“Let’s explain as we see them, Rabbit. It’s easier just to show you. Just know one thing. If you want a tour of some of Terandria’s most powerful kingdoms—a lot of them are here. But the Restful Three are the most powerful kingdoms in the center of Terandria. If Ailendamus is the power in the south—they would be the reason why Ailendamus hasn’t expanded north and why Taimaguros holds rather than make too many wars.”
“So they’re powerful?”
“…Yes, Rabbit. They’re powerful.”
“Just say that next time.”
 
——
 
It turned out that Rabbiteater did know more Terandrian kingdoms than he thought. As he strode through the palace of Calanfer, he found it was a chaos of servants, nobles, and the aforementioned dignitaries and their escorts, so that Meisa and Markus could point out each nation to him.
The chaos was due to the foreign kingdoms’ servants, not Calanfer’s staff. And the fact that the dignitaries were all-too-happy to talk to each other and ignore the people hoping to get them settled into their rooms. Also, there was a pecking order, and navigating a touchy [Baron] not getting his luggage in before a more powerful nation’s lesser [Lady] was—tricky.
Calanfer was managing it. Rabbiteater saw more [Diplomats] and related classes than he had ever seen in his life in the first ten minutes of being in the palace. Men and women, even, to his surprise, non-Humans like Gnolls, Drakes, and a Falcon Beastkin, all of whom were very good at being personable.
Not softly spoken necessarily; they had talents. For instance, one of the Gnolls had a grip like steel when he shook Rabbiteater’s hand, gave him a single look up and down, and growled.
“If you need an escort, we can find you one, Goblin Slayer, [Knights]. Otherwise, your room is numbered as 277. East Wing, Mercuous Suites.”
“Thanks.”
Rabbiteater appreciated the lack of fuss. And the Gnoll singled out another target for his straightforward approach. A [Lord] who looked both seasick and sick of being fawned over was standing, arms folded, with a group of four. The Gnoll’s conversation caught Rabbiteater’s ear as he saw someone wearing a velvet gown sewn with pearls…and a helmet almost like his, decorated with gemstones, pass by. He pointed at the Human wearing a helmet, and she turned to him.
