9.16 R
Page 21
“I can say I fought the Goblin Slayer of Izril—but if I were a Goblin or a foe, I think you’d have been more cunning, eh?”
For a second, Rabbiteater felt his heart skip a beat at a reminder of his name. But he forced a chuckle out.
“Yeah. I don’t fight fair. Probably would have fought you in a hot tub.”
Voloke laughed.
“And I would have fought you in a blizzard—and thrown javelins at you from behind! So tell me, now we’ve shed some of each other’s blood, even under the armor—just what is this Order of Solstice?”
Iyr and Hellei stepped back, but Markus and Meisa suddenly looked worried. Rabbiteater hesitated.
I’d love to know that too! He had seen Erin make the Order. It had made him miss home intensely.
“It’s…my Order. I took my name from it.”
“Ah, a pseudonym for [Knights]?”
“Yeah, pseudo-whatever-that-is. Fake name. It’s a nice order. Has an inn. Free drinks.”
Iyr and Voloke found that hilarious. Iyr grinned behind a huge mustache and beard of his own.
“Now there’s a [Knight] order half of Cenidau’s warriors could get behind! We have fewer [Knights] than the southlands—but what did you say about the inn?”
Before they could continue, a servant was striding forwards, leading a very upset [Diplomat].
“Hearthlords! Ser Solstice, members of the Order of Seasons—I must ask on behalf of the Eternal Throne not to conduct any matches in the hallways. The crown has prohibited them, aside from dueling courts, out of courtesy to all guests—”
“Yes, yes. Apologies.”
Voloke groaned, and the Cenidau guests stepped back. He looked…less pleased to speak with Calanfer’s people, and when the [Diplomat] left, he rubbed at his side where Rabbiteater had given his armor a thrashing.
“I might need a small drop of potion if I’m going hunting or whatever this week entails! Or not—I’ll consider the bruises a gift.”
“I’m taking healing potion. I don’t want your gifts.”
Another laugh. Voloke nodded at the servants.
“They reminded us—politely—that we are first honored by visiting the Eternal Throne. I confess, I’m curious to see it, but I hope to see you and the Order of Seasons at length. Calanfer’s welcome is…”
He paused and glanced at Hellei and Iyr, but neither one stopped him, so Voloke went on.
“…Conditional upon our value as allies. They do a good job of hiding it, but Cenidau has known them six thousand years. Still, our fellow guests are reason enough to come, but I take their point. Beware the Kingdom of Kaaz, Ser Solstice. If you think we’re a rough lot, the lion-lords and their duels almost always end in blood. I’m sure they all want a piece of you, literally.”
With that, he bid them farewell, and Rabbiteater decided Cenidau was probably nice. As for Kaaz…he leaned over to Meisa.
“What’s that about Kaaz?”
“One of the Restful Three, the mid-northern powers. The Hearthlord isn’t wrong; they’re known, among other things, for having duels to the death. The nobility are as good [Duelists] as they come; many Gold-bell fencers, there.”
“Oh. Like the King of Duels?”
“I think he studied there.”
Markus put in. Rabbiteater felt that only added to Kaaz’s value, but he took their point about overzealous opponents. He nodded as Meisa warned him.
“I will be careful. I never underestimate my opponents. Besides. I realize they’re dangerous. Nobles are crazy. So are most [Knights].”
“Rabbit!”
Meisa looked aghast. Markus tapped his chest.
“Wait, what makes us crazy, Rabbiteater? I daresay I’m fairly level-headed, at least among my order.”
To that, the Hobgoblin just gave them a huge grin as he walked on to find their rooms, though they couldn’t see it.
