9.16 R
Page 42
“Oh yeah? You’re stuck in there.”
“Who are you?”
The enraged voice was followed by shuffling, and Rabbiteater suspected someone was trying to bend over and see under the low stalls. He could only get a view of boots and what looked like a lion’s mane, along with a male voice.
“Armored boots! Who are you? A [Knight]? And yonder—oh.”
The other person realized there was someone else and fell abruptly silent. Seraphel, at this point, spoke in a tremulous voice.
“I, ah, think I might be going.”
She tried to get up and once again failed to exit. And unfortunately—Rabbiteater’s observations were echoed a second later.
“Your Highness. Er—”
The nobleman fell silent. Seraphel made a sound like a dying frog. Rabbiteater started laughing harder.
“Who are you, you scoundrel? Answer me! I can sense—two auras? Wait a second. Are you…?”
“Ser Solstice. The Goblin Slayer.”
“The Goblin S—”
The angry voice mollified itself slightly. As if Rabbiteater’s reputation alone extended to these circumstances. Rabbiteater felt compelled to throw this newcomer a bone.
“We’re all stuck here. Bad poos.”
“The less said the better, sir! I suggest we forget we ever heard or saw each other. Agreed?”
“Agreed.”
Seraphel repeated. Whereupon amiable silence fell. For five seconds. Then a torrent of sound came from the far stall followed by some rather exquisite cursing. Rabbiteater spoke up, feeling better than ever—mentally, at least. A river still ran through him, and it was turgid. At times. At other times, it was like whitewater. But not white. Or entirely water.
“So anyways. I was going back to Izril, Seraphel. I want to go home. No more fighting in the war for me.”
She was silent. Possibly unwilling to continue the conversation now there were three people, but Rabbiteater knew silence would kill them all. So he went on.
“What about you? Going to stay here?”
“I, um…I don’t know if this is an appropriate venue, Ser Solstice.”
“Silence or talking. You pick.”
A groan from the far stall. Seraphel spoke up hurriedly as sloshing began.
“I think I will stay! Not that it is my decision—I may tour our allies, although not near the front lines, but I have no marriage arranged for me.”
“So…what?”
“So I have no engagement as of yet.”
“Right. I remember. You only do what you’re told. Stupid. Not going to practice swinging a sword? You suck at it.”
The far occupant of the toilets broke in.
“I heard you were a direct fellow, but you are rather unscrupulously rude, Ser Solstice. Her Highness is…a member of the royal family.”
“Yeah, and we fought together. Shut up.”
Rabbiteater kicked the wall of the stall to his left. The figure bristled once more.
“I may reconsider my oath of vengeance, Ser Knight!”
“Who are you, anyways?”
Rabbiteater was curious who this angry fellow was. To which the man finally replied.
“Hundredlord Cortese of Kaaz! And if I had not eaten—something—I would be glad to both take you to the dueling court, Ser Solstice, and never spend another moment in this hell of tiled privies. A public toilet!”
“Urgent poos wait for no class.”
Rabbiteater observed sagely. Lord Cortese groaned.
“I…I fear that’s the only thing you’ve said so far I can agree on. I—”
The door slammed open. Someone rushed in, and this time, Seraphel groaned along with Rabbiteater as she heard the urgency. This time, the person shot into the stall next to Seraphel’s, and Rabbiteater heard her make a faint sound. A torrent of noise followed.
“Kill me.”
Someone croaked. But before Rabbiteater could toss his axe over the stalls, a fifth person entered. And the occupants of the stalls realized—
