9.16 R
Page 47
The other four compared notes as Altestiel decided to track down the dish, lest it offend anyone else. Lady Menrise passed him a quill and inkpot, and he used the toilet paper to take notes.
“Let’s see. I bet it was the oysters. Who had that?”
Seraphel shuddered politely. She knew the dangers of undercooked oysters.
“No.”
Cortese snorted.
“I hate the foul things. I fed them to my lion.”
Menrise’s voice rose in disbelief; she had clearly not seen Kaaz’s folk.
“You have a lion?”
“Yes, and if it was the tripe…I fear to see the banquet hall because half our cats partook. And they have quite the appetite.”
Seraphel shuddered in horror as Cortese spoke, but Rabbiteater objected.
“I hate tripe. I didn’t have any.”
The Princess scratched at her head.
“Then…what about the pudding? The gelato?”
Altestiel brightened up.
“There’s gelato for dessert? I don’t recall seeing it served, yet.”
Seraphel bit her lip and hoped that revelation didn’t reach her mother.
“Not that, then. Pudding?”
The Goblin smacked his lips.
“I had blood pudding. Anyone like it?”
Everyone else disagreed with Rabbiteater. They were talking further when Lady Menrise spoke.
“Pray—could it have been Golaen’s gift to the occasion? That new dish?”
Seraphel hesitated. Now that sounded…
“Which one? Wait…the ‘do-nots’?”
The Hundredlord instantly disagreed.
“Donuts. Surely not! They were just a frosted piece of…baked goods. But I did have one, come to think of it. The novelty. Anyone else?”
“I did.”
Altestiel spoke up and felt a stir on the back of his neck. It had been a strange food. But he’d been taken to the restroom so fast—
The Hundredlord Cortese grunted.
“But that would mean—I did recall sampling a delightfully frosted one right before I—those giant-blooded bastards. I repent all my accusations, Your Highness. If anyone would have made the mistake—”
Seraphel buried her face in her hands.
“I had one too. Rabbiteater?”
“…Yep.”
Altestiel decided it was case-closed. But it was strange. They looked like fried goods. Indeed, Cortese was now throwing a fit.
“You have to boil those damned things in hot oil! How can Golaen mess up a simple treat? It had none of those bacteriums or whatever they’re called! I’ll stab that [Titanguard] myself!”
“What’s a bacterium?”
Rabbiteater held his stomach. Seraphel tried to calm Cortese down.
“Lord Cortese, I would not do that. The [Titanguard], Lord Etrogaer, is a dangerous foe.”
“Do you think I fear that? A [Duelist] fears no foe. I may not be a Gold-bell fencer, but I earned my silver bell when I was seventeen.”
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you.”
Rabbiteater cautioned him, and Cortese turned his wrath on him.
“Oh, and you think I haven’t seen combat, Ser Solstice? Should I duel you first?”
The Goblin decided he might be done. He tapped his empty stomach and shrugged.
“If you like. But that [Titanguard] will still stomp you flat. He’s over Level 40.”
Cortese hesitated.
“…You’re sure?”
“Yep.”
Altestiel muttered an agreement.
“That squares with Desonis’ intelligence. How can you tell, Ser Solstice?”
“I recognized his Skill when he patted me on the shoulder. Something super-heavy. He can probably crush your bones to dust.”
Cortese muttered in his stall.
“…That is more concerning. Well, our neighbors in Golaen produce mighty warriors. I should like to see if our Lance of Kaazaldrin, Gorethem, would duel Lord Etrogaer in my stead. That would be…amusing. He was a Named-rank adventurer before he was accepted into the Thousand Lances.”
“One of the Thousand Lances is here?”
