9.16 R
Page 6
“Never a dull moment with you, eh, Rabbit? Was that an Amentus fruit?”
“What? No. It’s a blue fruit. Super poisonous. I showed them how to eat it—and told them to plant it if they wanted.”
Rabbiteater hauled himself back into the carriage. Ilm opened his mouth and shrugged. Rabbiteater wiped at his forehead as he yanked off his helmet.
“That Skill is dangerous.”
“Not usually. But as you can see—it’s a [Peasant]’s reward. Normally.”
“Huh. Weird class.”
Talia Kallinad shook her head, exasperated, but pleased at this object-demonstration.
“But that’s how it works, Rabbiteater. You see? The common folk support the [Knights]. And some can be [Knights]—”
“Not in Calanfer.”
Markus muttered, cutting Talia off. She sighed, but carried on.
“—but in return, they fear neither monsters nor bandits! Not everyone must work in the fields, but there is a place for everyone in a fair kingdom.”
Rabbiteater sighed. They were back to this again. He stared at the ceiling, and Ser Greysten murmured.
“A fair kingdom, indeed. And an unfair one…well. The Order of Seasons rights what wrongs it can, but not every battle can be won with a sword. That is the Season of Fall’s prerogative, to fight with words and tools.”
Talia nodded grudgingly, and the other [Knights] waited. Rabbiteater could have pointed out this was one system that assumed, no, demanded a large group of people ‘willing’ to support a small group of higher-class people. He could have pointed out the way a [Peasant]’s class rewarded them for subservience. Or he could have simply contrasted this with his understanding of Izrilian cities and customs.
But the Goblin was, alas, no great ponderer like Headscratcher or even a surreptitious nerd like Numbtongue with all his words and his books he refused to use as kindling. Rabbiteater just stretched back in his seat and thought for a while.
“Hm. Well. It’s your way of doing things.”
The [Knights] waited. After a bit, Rabbiteater went on.
“It’s okay. I guess. Reminds me of Antinium. Lots of Workers and a Queen.”
“Rabbiteater!”
The outrage began anew, and only Ser Greysten saw the Goblin’s subtle grin.
 
——
 
Whether or not you agreed with any philosophical takes on the efficacy of how it operated—the [Peasants], the classic ideals of Terandria—
That was Calanfer. And perhaps no other city in the south of Terandria exemplified the idea of countless lives, millions, all devoting their time, effort, products, gold, and their very existences towards one thing.
One place. The Eternal Throne, the city that literally shone by day.
Even at night, in places. Calanfer was one of Terandria’s wonders. Even the ancient half-Elven cities of old were said to be only a match for its marvels.
And that was because Calanfer was made of ancient stone, of metals and magic so wonderful it could only have come from a time far before the modern day. Never mind that it was only six thousand years old, having been formed after the Creler Wars—the heart of Terandria was a secret only a few people knew about:
A Dragonthrone. And it was that material which lined the streets, which provided the foundations and inner city, and made it so wondrous to visit. And frankly, live in.
For instance, think of it like this: a native Calanferian citizen who spent all their life in the capital might never appreciate this, but…other cities, even capital cities, did not have litter laws.
