9.16 R
Page 49
He paused, drying his hands with a cloth, and the Goblin Slayer looked him up and down as the Earl adjusted his violet coat, flashing with golden epaulets. For a second, Rabbiteater debated punching him—then the Earl of Rains held out a gloved hand.
“—I was exceptionally relieved to hear Erin was returned to life. My [Strategist] and most trusted right hand, Kiish, made sure of it. I like to think I helped, in some small way.”
“You did?”
Rabbiteater forgot his anger in a second. He took the hand, and the two looked at each other. Perhaps the Earl saw a crimson flash behind that visor. Or expected to. He gave Rabbiteater a knowing look, and the Hobgoblin waited. But all the [Earl] did was smile.
“You’re far from home, Ser Solstice.”
“Yeah. I was having an adventure. This part sucked, but the rest was…something.”
The two stood there, and a man with dark brown skin and a flash of red running through his disheveled locks practically kicked his way out of the lavatory. Hundredlord Cortese looked around, saw his pet lion prowling around him anxiously, and bent down to pet her. But she took one sniff of him and backed away.
“So this is Ser Solstice and the Earl of Rains. Amazing. That wasn’t all a hallucination.”
He wiped at his brow as his handkerchief was no longer…and turned. The three men saw a woman push open the door and freeze. Seraphel flushed, but Lady Menrise stepped out into the hallway, her visor shut, her hands folded demurely in a star-lavender dress.
“Needless to say, gentlemen, Your Highness, I shall deny this event ever took place under torture or truth spell.”
A laugh escaped Seraphel’s mouth despite herself. She looked around, and Beacle was waiting, along with some very apologetic Thronebearers who had been alerted to the—distressing incident.
“It looks like a bit of chaos. Food poisoning and Golaen in the spotlight. Earl Altestiel, are you interested in taking these fools to account?”
The Hundredlord Cortese went for his rapier as he looked around, spotting Thronebearers interposing themselves between offended guests and the defensive Golaen group. Altestiel raised one brow.
“I think that would be fair. Ser Solstice?”
Rabbiteater was just about to join in the fun of punching someone when Seraphel objected.
“Guests, I must insist on civility. Can we not pretend this incident never occurred altogether, as we just promised? Allow me to make it up to you.”
“How?”
Rabbiteater was as skeptical as the others, but Seraphel turned, saw the sun fading in the distance, and clicked her fingers.
“Beacle, alchemical dawn cider. A tray, and something—cooked. We shall all retire out of the palace to the Skybridge.”
Cortese hesitated, a hand on the hilt of his sword. He looked at Altestiel, then Ser Solstice. And then, the Goblin bent down and pulled out a huge, practically uncooked leg of mutton out of his bag of holding. Altestiel actually stepped back in amazement as he offered it to the lion.
“Do you just…walk around with meat in your bag of holding, Ser Solstice?”
Lady Menrise was patently disbelieving. Rabbiteater shrugged. He patted his bag of holding as the lion sniffed the un-spiced, frankly bloody meat. Far better than everything else! She padded over, and he patted her on the head like a Carn Wolf. The Goblin answered the [Lady].
“I’m storing toilet paper in there too. Lots of it. Important gear anywhere you go. Like food. Good cat.”
“Incredible. Impossible. Baeris takes to almost no one. You’re not the least afraid?”
