9.16 R
Page 30
“Nothing you can do will matter more, my dear. Anything you wish to do can come after.”
“What is your exact class and Skills? I have the transcript, but if you would care to add anything to the royal archive?”
She knew Seraphel’s new levels and class and Skills. She had probably known before Seraphel woke up and heard the announcement. Not that Ielane’s Skills told her exactly what her daughters had—it told her their relative value in terms of dowry or connection.
“I have several new Skills. One reputation-related. The other was…purple.”
Seraphel hesitated, and Ielane’s brows rose. She took another puff from her cigar.
“Authority-related. Proceed.”
It hadn’t used to feel so—raw. Sharing her private levels and accomplishments. Ielane jotted down notes, like she jotted down secrets of state, carefully, asking questions.
Seraphel’s Skills. They were numerous, and even for a class consolidation for a [Princess]—rather impressive, if somewhat controversial.
 
[Ghost’s Hand].
[Hearts of Courage].
[Reputation: Infamy, Now My Fame].
[Royal Bodyguard: Two of Life, Two of Death].
[Induction: Royal Bodyguard].
[Lesser Toughness].
 
“…[Ghost’s Hand] is unknown in our lexicon. The exact nuances of your version of [Royal Bodyguard] are unknown, but seem straightforward, sadly. At best, we could make it some kind of themed…death-type Golem? At least the [Bards] will have an easier time with your reputation, indeed. Battle and protection-theme. It may play well in Kaliv, or elsewhere. Do you know what [Ghost’s Hand] does?”
And here, Seraphel rebelled. For the first time since she was seventeen, she truly pushed back in a small way.
“No, unfortunately.”
Ielane waved away a bit of smoke.
“We will have a tutor investigate. Do you have two favorite Thronebearers to pick?”
Seraphel didn’t need to think.
“Ser Dalimont and…Dame Neranthei.”
She named the Thronebearer who still served her and had gone to participate in Cara’s music video. Ielane’s brows rose only slightly.
“Good. Let us hope you can name the two without some undead. If not? Perhaps the Skill will function if the two undead are seperated. If not, we must play the Noelictus angle. Does anyone know of the Skill?”
She was going to tell Seraphel to keep it quiet. Ielane didn’t think her daughter would ever give away secret knowledge of Calanfer—and her levels were that—but again, Seraphel rebelled.
“I…the Order of Seasons and the Goblin Slayer know about my Skills.”
Seraphel didn’t know why she said that. It was just petty. And somehow, a joy to see her mother’s face as those two level eyes rose and a note of exasperation entered Ielane’s voice.
“Why?”
“Because they were present, and Ser Ilm, a [Mage Knight], accidentally cast [Appraisal] on me. My tiara was out of protective power.”
Seraphel lied to her mother’s face. Which she could do because she was wearing wards against truth spells. Her tiara. But it could run out of power. Ielane stared at Seraphel over the catalog and then resumed smoking.
“They took it normally?”
“They were aware of the Noelictus connection, and Ser Solstice is—unique.”
“So Aielef reported. And Vernoue, who wishes to marry Archmage Eldavin, the Fall’s Sentinel, and Magus Grimalkin of Pallass. If she had a chance of the first in any real way, we would extend the invitation. As for the second—more interesting, but doubtful. Possible, depending on the outcome of our unofficial summit. For the last? Aha. No. We think she would marry Ser Solstice as well, but she was wise enough not to say that. Your sister’s antics have put nonsense in some of your younger siblings’ heads.”
