9.16 R
Page 26
Meisa pointed out in what she clearly thought was a reasonable tone. Rabbiteater just gave her a blank look. He flexed one arm.
“I’m still healthy. I’m not hurt. Either I fight—or I go home. I don’t want to celebrate. I don’t want to talk to dignitaries. I don’t want to eat your stupid food!”
He almost shouted the last part. And of all the fair complaints…that last one was apparently the line in the sand that everyone started arguing with him about.
“Our food isn’t bad, Rabbiteater.”
“Yes it is.”
“You have been feasting on the best dishes we can imagine! I myself haven’t eaten so well in…well, ages! Every kind of delicacy!”
Rabbiteater clutched his stomach and made a vomiting sound in his helmet as Greysten and Meisa argued with him.
“Too many cheeses. Brie. Camembert. Blue cheese. ‘Gruyère’. ‘Chervrot’. It’s rotten milk. It has mold. And you eat guts!”
“Guts? Oh—is this about the tripe again? I told you—”
“It’s guts. Goblins don’t eat guts if they can avoid it!”
Tripe offended Rabbiteater to his very bowels, and it was his bowels that he feared when he saw the dishes that nobles thought were good.
Tripe! He hadn’t known what it was, but—get this—it was stomach lining, internal organs which the nobility ate because it was apparently expensive and high-class. They ate it in sauce. They ate it in sausages. They ate it in soup.
That wasn’t even the worst of it. Rabbiteater folded his arms.
“You eat stupid meat, too.”
“Rabbit…how is our meat stupid?”
“It’s got no bones. It’s all ‘prime’ this, ‘fatty tenderloin’ that. But you don’t even like the fat!”
“Well, no, we like the actual meat, not the fat—”
“Unless you drizzle it over a roast and eat it with all that other stuff! And your vegetables suck!”
“We have plenty of rare—”
“Yellats! Where are Yellats?”
The Goblin was throwing a fit on his horse. His horse got to eat Yellats, but not one for the Goblin in the last three weeks! Meisa replied faintly.
“Well—they’re a cheap vegetable, by and large.”
“Cheap is good! My butt leaks every time I eat your mushy, stupid food! The [Princesses] don’t even eat potatoes! Aielef didn’t even know what it was when I showed her one! I want to go home. I’ll eat Yellats and salad. I want a burger. I want…”
He felt a catch in his throat as they rode through the city’s gates. Rabbiteater looked around, and it came to him in a word. This glorious city filled with wonders…he would have been a thousand times happier if he were home, riding into Liscor’s gates, being turned away by the guard, and going to that inn on a hill. Then he’d sit down, and someone would offer him some, perhaps, unspiced, unsauced spaghetti, it was true. But it came with a smile. And he would be…
Home.
He had never felt homesick. Not even when he and the other Goblins had gone on their dangerous mission to slay an [Innkeeper]. That was because…his tribe had been home, and in another sense, he’d never had a home. But now, the feeling engulfed him, and it was the one foe, the one battle that Ser Solstice could never win.
Meisa looked at him, and it was Greysten who clapped Rabbiteater on the shoulder.
“You’ve said it plain enough for it to even get into our helmets, Ser Solstice. One day. One day and we have an audience with the Eternal Throne. Regardless, it would look poorly on us if you left. And I assure you—one day and you will see a wondrous sight. I would not want you to miss it. As for home? We can find you passage, despite the war at sea.”
Rabbiteater relaxed slightly. He nodded gratefully, but he didn’t miss how Meisa failed to chime in. He looked at her and then wondered.
