9.16 R
Page 11
It looked like…a kind of castle underground? And above were hundreds of swords, hanging above the emblem. Like stars in a kind of flag. But the Naga wasn’t able to focus on that.
The lion. All the Calanferians backed away. It was an actual lion, just walking about, staring at the Humans with curiosity. As for the Human—
He grinned and came to a stop. His coat, hanging loosely around his shoulders, shifted and exposed a longsword.
Longsword and cutlass. [Duelist] equipment. The Naga was a member of a [Mercenary] group. He twisted around and realized instantly that if this were a battle, he was outgeared. Whomever this person was, they were rich—and clearly noble.
“Hundredlord Cortese! I apologize, sire, your rooms—”
The [Negotiator] turned pale instantly and began bowing, leaving Xorespe practically ignored. But the ‘Hundredlord’ ignored the man completely and gazed at the Naga.
“Baeris smelled something. So these are the rooms she’ll sleep in? It’s fine. She’s not picky about creatures. Perfume—otherwise. Go on, Baeris. Does it sort with you?”
And with that, the lion padded by the Naga, entered the room, and eight screaming [Servants] fled. She emerged after a few seconds and rumbled.
Xorespe had never heard a lion make any sound. He had thought—lions? This one bared her teeth, and the Hundredlord nodded.
“We’ll send the rest of the pride after.”
“Wh—yes, my lord! At once! Can Calanfer oblige the kingdom of Kaaz any further?”
“No.”
The Hundredlord turned around. Then he seemed to think of something and swung back. He glanced at Xorespe again, but the Naga was still processing what had happened.
Had he just been kicked out of his rooms for a pet? Yes! But that name—the Hundredlord addressed the [Negotiator] without looking at him.
“The…Ser Solstice. The Goblinslayer of Izril. Is that [Knight] here?”
“Yes, Lord Cortese, but they have not been settled—”
“Then, later. Good that they’re staying here. I wondered if the palace would run out of room with all our dignitaries.”
With that, the Human stalked off, and the lion hurried after him. The two strode down the corridor as the Naga’s scales prickled. He unclenched his hands.
He was a tall being, even curled up, and Xorespe had a level of spear-fighting that made him need no bodyguards. Even if the shortspear wasn’t on him, he had a pair of long, long daggers.
And yet—the [Negotiator] hurried to clear the [Servants] out and calm them down.
“Leave the rooms. Attend to the Order of Seasons next. Emissary Xorespe—your inn will accommodate your every need. Please accept my personal apologies.”
He might have feared the Naga would object more upon learning who was taking his place, but the Naga just shook his head.
“Kaaz. The Kingdom of Kaaz has sent its nobility? Here? Kaaz Dorem Laegriser, the Kingdom of the Infinite Dungeon?”
The man nodded without a word. The [Negotiator]’s face was pale, and he stepped over to murmur.
“Emissary Xorespe, thank you for remaining cordial.”
The Naga’s eyes narrowed. He could think on his tail, and he glanced at the nervous Human’s face.
“As opposed to objecting to a [Lord] of the Restful Three? Perish the thought. Why did that Hundredlord come himself? Not to check on his pet. Was he hoping I’d make a fuss?”
The [Negotiator] hesitated. He weighed a polite lie with the truth both of them probably had a handle on and nodded covertly. He glanced the way the man had gone and whispered.
“Yes. He probably hoped you would object. So he could duel you.”
