9.16 R
Page 45
The Hundredlord’s lips moved silently as he calculated the maneuver. Then he whispered.
“I cannot stand up, sir. Not without attending to my distress! Nor do I fear I will make it.”
Rabbiteater shrugged.
“Then crawl under? Maybe get a long stick?”
“Sir! Just throw a bit of yours to me!”
Earl Altestiel sat there and counted the squares he had left. He made a quick, strategic assessment.
“I would not do that if I were you, friends. We’re all going to run out of paper. Lord Cortese is simply the first casualty.”
That was too much for the [Lady] from Tourvecall. She tried tossing something over the stalls, and it landed on Seraphel’s lap, causing the [Princess] to gasp.
“Dead gods! At least give him some help! Here—toss it to him.”
Seraphel slipped it under the stall, and Rabbiteater gamely tried to toss a three-square length over the stalls. In silence, all five occupants realized…
“…It’s landed in the empty stall, hasn’t it?”
Cortese sounded like he might cry. Rabbiteater grunted.
“Yep. Sorry.”
The Hundredlord was rapidly losing sanity. His voice almost broke with desperation.
“Can anyone spare anything else? A handkerchief?”
Lord Altestiel shuddered darkly.
“That’s a handkerchief that will never be used again.”
“I have already forfeited mine.”
The Hundredlord was losing his sanity rapidly. Seraphel shuddered in her stall. She rummaged in her bag of holding, and everyone did the same. At length, Altestiel made a sound. He had found something.
“Oh no.”
Seraphel looked up, wishing she had a flyer or something. But [Princesses] didn’t carry much if everything appeared when they called.
“What?”
Altestiel was silent for a long moment.
“I…have a backup. But I don’t know if I want to try it. I have a scroll of [Barkskin]. Very coarse. I might have to hold onto it.”
“I have some spellpaper.”
The Lady Menrise volunteered. Hundredlord Cortese grunted.
“And I…am increasingly desperate. I will take both. What else?”
Rabbiteater spoke.
“Your socks.”
All the Humans fell silent, and Seraphel spoke quietly.
“That would be a dire strait indeed, Ser Solstice.”
“Well, you have socks. I have a hand.”
Everyone contemplated this. Cortese replied softly.
“I would rather die. But I will take the scrolls.”
Altestiel was just about to pass his over when—the door opened. And Seraphel heard the voice of a saint.
“Your Highness?”
Was that—Seraphel called out suddenly.
“Miss Beacle? Is that you?”
The servant had somehow found her! She pushed open the door to the privy, speaking cautiously.
“Your Highness? I—uh—”
The realization that the lavatory was occupied and the smell hit the girl, but she had found Seraphel despite the rapid exit the [Princess] had made. And even more—
“Your Highness, can I get you anyth—”
“Toilet paper!”
Five voices shouted at her. The [Servant] shut the door, fled—and within two minutes, she was back. She tossed rolls of paper over the stalls, and Cortese cried out.
“Who is that servant? I shall commend her to the Eternal Throne!”
Altestiel nodded rapidly.
“A credit to her entire class. A [Saint], if ever the class existed.”
“Dead gods. I can put my shoes back on.”
That came from the [Lady], much to Seraphel’s mild horror—and she had to admit—hilarity. Everyone fell silent—and then they all started laughing. Seraphel spoke.
“Please—I know this is all highly embarrassing, but we’ve all been revealed. You are Lady Menrise, yes?”
“You speak to the [Spellbound Lady] Menrise. Magic run through you. And nothing else.”
Rabbiteater craned his head.
“Ooh. Magic?”
Altestiel industriously tore strips off his roll of toilet paper.
