9.16 R
Page 40
This was a level of intimacy that he didn’t want. And—now they were really cooking with the brown sauce.
Because here was a real situation that the Goblin had never encountered. And it was this:
Two people sharing a toilet. Not three. But two. So that each person could—unfortunately—hear. There wasn’t any guessing who was making that sound. And both would prefer that the other one didn’t exist.
But they could not turn off their minds. So Rabbiteater concluded after some sounds reached him through his makeshift earplugs—someone was having a time as bad as his.
Which was incredible, really. It just kept on going. And yet—unlike Rabbiteater, whomever was in that far stall had a will stronger than his own.
For no matter the torture, the second prisoner of the Porcelain Throne of Calanfer uttered no sound. Rabbiteater had, unashamedly, cried out for agony. This person was silent. Well—vocally silent.
But how long could they endure? The breaking point was a gasp, a cough—and then, as the sounds intensified as Rabbiteater cannibalized his earplugs for their intended use—the other occupant clearly realized they were stuck with Rabbiteater.
And that he could hear. And in a kind of desperation, a fugue state brought on by dehydration and an embarrassment that knew no end, they did something truly horrible.
They began to hum.
Hum. A loud sound, trying to drown out the noises that were both unmelodic and arrhythmic. Rabbiteater’s head rose in amazement.
That was a female voice. Her humming grew louder, and Rabbiteater winced as something else grew more hurried. He flushed the toilet again, and she did likewise.
The humming stopped. Now, they were engaging in repeated flushing. As fast as the toilets would allow. Rabbiteater began to feel embarrassed for whomever was in that stall because they were practically giving off an Aura of Embarrassment.
…Actually, they were giving off an aura. A familiar aura. Rabbiteater paused in unrolling more toilet paper. No.
“I—am extremely sorry for this. Let’s never speak of this again.”
A woman spoke, at length, sounding like she wished she was dead. She was trying to mask her voice, possibly by deepening it and pinching her nose. She likely had hoped to reach a more private venue, but it had been this or nothing. Rabbiteater supposed he should say something like, ‘me too’ and leave it at that.
Instead—the Hobgoblin spoke.
“…Seraphel?”
Dead silence. He thought he heard someone’s heart stop in the far stall.
“No?”
“Yeah. It’s you.”
“No it’s—Ser Solstice?”
“Mhm.”
More silence. Well…‘silence’. Then Rabbiteater heard the sounds of a muffled scream, and Seraphel tried to exit the stall and make a break for it. He saw a faint swish of a dark dress, shoes—
She made it halfway out the stall and the water was running from a tap when he heard a gurgle.
“Eternal Throne protect me. No, no—”
She tried to go for the door. Rabbiteater called out.
“Don’t do it. You’ll never make it.”
Three more steps. Then an ominous mgrgl sound—and he heard a slam as she threw herself back into a stall. Right next to his.
She barely made it.
“Ser Solstice, I hope you will forget everything—”
“I can’t forget this. This day is the worst. Ever.”
“How did you know it was me?”
“Aura.”
“Damn auras! Damn gelato and pudding and—”
“Oysters?”
“I shall find whomever made the desserts and have them fired! Or was it—do—do you have earplugs? Cover your ears!”
“I’m trying! Be less loud!”
