9.17 R
Page 2
But if you did look up, you might have an inkling of what the Eternal Throne looked like. A constellation in slow motion, even comets and other celestial bodies like…wondrous fog or a stellar cloud—nebulas—slowly moving throughout this Dragonthrone.
At the speed of a universe turning. Then, you could stand there and see a comet passing, sometimes so close you could reach out and try to touch it.
That was the Dragonthrone of Calanfer. That was the Eternal Throne, and Rabbiteater had no idea how this place had been made or why. He had no idea that Void Dragons of old had captured reality here; to him, the idea of space was so abstract he could barely process it.
Nor did it matter. It was beautiful, and that was enough. He stood, inhaling the cool air, and realized why much of Calanfer’s court was bundled up more than usual. Rabbiteater was plenty warm in his armor, but he saw one of the [Princesses], Seraphel, blowing into her hands as her sister, Shardele, wore a scarf and strolled up the stairs.
After all—the Eternal Throne awaited. You could talk with other guests, but Rabbiteater had been invited here. Along with the Order of Seasons and many of Pheislant’s officers.
So, he climbed the steps as the Thronebearers bowed and saw a final dais, floating above all the rest. There sat King Reclis and Queen Ielane du Marquin.
The rulers of Calanfer. As for the thrones themselves? They were almost overshadowed by the final dais. A crystalline pair of high-backed thrones, which glowed with the strongest light in the room. Right now, they sat golden upon a dais that burned like the sun.
Solar flame, lapping at their feet, a miniature sun somehow transformed into a dais. It dazzled the eyes—but didn’t blind. Here, you could indulge in a child’s fantasy and stare at the sun without paying for it with your sight.
That was the inspiration for Calanfer’s motifs, and the dais itself almost overshadowed the thrones. As they walked up, the Order of Seasons and Rabbiteater felt like they were approaching a distant star, and it held their gazes.
—Of course, that was the true throne. The chairs upon it were for Humans. Not a Dragon, who might rest upon the entire dais of light.
Rabbiteater felt like the glow was burning through his armor and kept checking to make sure the rays of light weren’t piercing the mundane steel. He felt…like the sun was warming him up from the inside. He wanted to run, to laugh, to race from one end of Calanfer to another—but he held it in.
For the eyes of the King of Calanfer were upon him. King Reclis du Marquin sat, waiting, as [Heralds] acknowledged the noble guests of Kaaz, Gaiil-Drome, Tourvecall, and so many others. But he had already met with many, so his eyes were upon the heroes of the hour.
“Let the Order of Seasons of Pheislant and Ser Solstice of Izril approach the Eternal Throne!”
A [Thronebearer] called out. Rabbiteater saw a shimmering line of steps appear; beams of light, pure white-gold, as solid as stone, waiting to be climbed that they might stand within two dozen feet of the final dais.
“Uh oh. Don’t fall.”
Rabbiteater muttered as he eyed the steps and the plunge into the void. Markus gulped, and Talia turned her awe-struck gaze away from the Eternal Throne.
“Ser Solstice! Decorum!”
He couldn’t help it. Rabbiteater walked slowly with the other [Knights] until he was halfway up. Then he grabbed Talia’s shoulder and whispered.
“Waaah!”
