9.17 R
Page 21
He might have changed his [Aspect of the Champion] to another type and chanced a blow if this were a fight to the death, but he couldn’t do that in a fancy schmancy duel.
But the light. The light was still in him. There was no view of his face for Telleis to see, so if she had known that as she lifted her rapier for a piercing thrust—
She might have dodged.
[Body: Solar Storage]. 
[Raythrust of Light].
The Skill hit Princess Telleis at the same time as her rapier struck his shoulder. Rabbiteater twisted his shoulder. Telleis, though, hadn’t expected the shining blade to come at her.
It struck her light armor, and the shining, Skill-enhanced practice sword stopped, rather than run her through. Altestiel, on his feet, sighed in relief. Then he saw the [Princess] turn dead white. Rabbiteater’s blade had—nonlethally—hit her square in the stomach at full force. And Telleis was having an instinctual, bodily reaction.
She clutched at her stomach, dropped her rapier, a shame for a [Fencer]—but it was so she could cover her mouth. Unfortunately, it was too late.
First the toilet incident of yesterday. Now? The [Princess] of Samal hurled, and it spewed out between her fingers as everyone winced or closed their eyes. Rabbiteater dusted off his armor and heard a sob as Telleis stood there, frozen. He patted her on the shoulder as one eye swiveled towards him and held up a thumb.
“Great duel. You want to try again?”
 
——
 
Everyone wanted to challenge Ser Solstice, but duels between the various kingdoms were happening everywhere. It was what Ser Markus referred to as ‘codpiece measuring’, which made Rabbiteater laugh until he was nearly sick.
The outcomes of such duels were often loudly publicized. For instance, Lord Etrogaer had publicly stood nineteen challengers and brought them all down with his bare hands. Serious injuries were to be avoided at all costs, but a few broken bones?
The Thronebearers wisely avoided the duels. They were busy with the thief who continued to elude capture. However—
Another minor incident was occuring. Not in the palace, but on the streets.
One of the Thronebearers was smoking a pipe as he came to a stop, investigating the Watch’s report of a disturbance.
A Dragon was measuring something with a long bit of string, eying the palace, but he too had wandered over as the main street filled with people. The Watch was dispersing them, but it was too late.
“What happened, exactly?”
The Watch Captain indicated a figure slumped over. It was, surprisingly, a [Knight]. Not just any [Knight], but one of Taimaguros’ [Gura Knights].
Weird class. The Dragon peered at the fellow, but he was alive. Just unconscious. The Watch Captain was reciting witness statements.
“Apparently, Ser Thronebearer, another [Knight] challenged him.”
“Not uncommon.”
“No, Ser…but this [Knight] declared himself the ‘People’s Champion’. The duel was over Taimaguros’ treatment of the common folk. This [Knight] was roundly insulted, and the two dueled. Whereupon he was apparently knocked senseless in a single blow. And as you can see—”
The Thronebearer winced as he puffed on the pipe. Someone had added insult to injury. The armor of the downed [Gura Knight] was graffitied with insults against Taimaguros’ crown and monarchies in general.
‘No more tyrants.’ 
‘No more primae noctis and people owning people.’
‘No more arrogant [Kings].’
Someone had prepared well. It was hard to write on armor, so you probably needed a good brush and some steady hands. The Dragon heard the Thronebearer curse softly.
