9.17 R
Page 56
Teriarch knew that well. He walked forwards, and they drew back, a vast semicircle of faces as the firelight grew ever brighter. From one side of the room, the illumination rose, and then the Drake crossed a point across the banquet hall and something rose behind him.
Just a trick of the light. The Goblin saw it rise on the far wall. Everyone saw it, spreading out from the Drake’s shadow. Only…it was no Drake which rested there, nor did that great mouth move on a Drake’s body.
The firelight revealed the truth. As it so often did with forgetful creatures who cast [Invisibility] and the like.
The shadow of the Dragon smiled and laughed as every head rose, and tongues turned to lead in mouths open like clams upon a beach. He chuckled, and one magical eye winked at Ellet, the only child in the room, staring up.
“My. Have Humans such short memories you cannot think of one name for me?”
“You…”
Reclis du Marquin was choking on his words. Even he could not have expected this. Rabbiteater stared at the giant shadow. He slowly snuck over, tracing where it lay—and reached out. To what seemed like pure space behind the Drake.
A wing buffeted him in the face—gently, but with all the force of—
Rabbiteater fell on the ground and lay there for a while.
Now, Teriarch, the Lord of Flame, had their wonder as well as fear. Reclis du Marquin looked around. Then he bowed. Bowed, as few bows exist between [Kings]. But they had one for magical beings.
“Stranger. I have not yet welcomed you to the Eternal Throne. I am Reclis du Marquin, King of Calanfer. Do you come as herald of our righteous intent or this great hour in the world’s changing of eras?”
Even now, he tried to spin things. Not realizing that he stood upon a chunk of earth slowly rotating in space at a Dragon’s whim. Once again, Teriarch chuckled.
“Hail, King of Calanfer. Forgive my amusement. With our long histories, it always tickles my fancy that Humans come to my kind for reassurance their cause is just and correct. I did not come here to lend credence to any morality or justice of your deeds. Rather, I came to remind myself of this land I once called home. And see how it has changed and failed to change, even as the rulers have shifted.”
He looked again, and two emotions ran through the Humans. One was born of admiration and fear. A kind of wonder for a legend thought no longer to exist. The other was the knowledge buried in the roots of so many kingdoms.
Blood and fire. An old foe and ally stood here, and both were…impossible. But which? And why?
“If you are here, Drag—stranger. Then tell us. Is this due to the events of last month at Ailendamus’ gates and around the world? Come, lend some understanding to all present.”
Earl Altestiel called out urgently. He had the craziest urge to challenge the Dragon to a game of chess. And imagine being able to tell the others that! For a reply, Teriarch fixed the [Earl] with such a stare that Altestiel gulped.
“What you saw. What you heard on that day was real. Can I say anything more than the ghosts that came before you, your ancestors of old? Of course. Yet if you will not listen to them, my words shall surely fall upon deaf ears. I say again: I did not come here to endorse the Kingdoms of Terandria more than any other species. I have long been both friend and sworn enemy of your peoples, and many remember that.”
He nodded again at Prince Iradoren, who much looked like he regretted that fact. Yet his consort now raised her head, throwing back her hood and speaking.
