9.17 R
Page 22
“Get the crowd out of here, and alert the Order if this happens again. And tell the Watch to carefully look for a [Knight] matching this description.”
“In the city now, Ser Knight?”
The Watch Captain was uncomfortable. Even with Ser Solstice, there were so many [Knights]…the Thronebearer just stowed the pipe.
“Then look for someone with impeccable swordsmanship. This is the seventh [Knight]. All taken out with a single blow.”
Now that was interesting. Teriarch finished drawing a line across the street that only he could see. The people were muttering. But the Thronebearers had them dispersing fast. Even so, Teriarch recognized the play. It might not go well in Calanfer, but if word reached Taimaguros, there would be trouble.
The twinned states of Taima and Guros, independent kingdoms joined in unhappy matrimony, suffered from all the pains of a giant nation. Their populace knew more classes than even [Peasant]. There were actual [Peons] there, and that was not an insult but a sadness. The writing on that armor would resonate loudly with more than one nation.
But who was the People’s Champion? Another interloper? The Dragon shook his head. This was a grand meeting of Terandria, and all kinds of motives were coming to light.
 
——
 
Seraphel du Marquin felt poorly for Princess Telleis. Fencer or not, having that happen in public had to hurt for a [Princess].
And yet—she was free. Free in a way Seraphel no longer was. Duchess Greina? The same. Lady Menrise had even begged Rabbiteater into letting her have a go at him. Which was mostly letting him block some enthusiastically poor sword swings as he yawned.
Seraphel hadn’t asked. She was conscious of the Thronebearers watching her. Then Duchess Greina had taken revenge for Telleis and managed, in the middle of an axe-and-sword duel that had gotten quite dirty, to boot Rabbiteater between the legs. Whereupon, despite the pain, he had done the exact same thing to her.
He was popular, needless to say. Cortese and five of the duel-happy nobles of Kaaz had lined up to challenge Rabbiteater, but they’d quit volunteering after Rabbiteater had decided to test everyone’s internal fortitude and will.
…In other words, during duels against all five, he’d made an opening to kick them in the groin as hard as he could, male or female. Only Cortese and the [Lady] had had the will to continue afterwards.
A maniac with the sword. The Thronebearers hadn’t even tried to challenge the other [Knights] and famous warriors on the field. It was Cortese who had promised Rabbiteater to introduce him to one of the Thousand Lances, the greatest [Knights] in the world.
Seraphel fair envied Rabbiteater. She envied all the others…and she was glad she’d told her father her will, even in such weak terms.
But she was still here. And so, the [Princess] could only rebel in small ways. Yet she did rebel.
“I am going to test my Skill. Clear a dueling court for me. Somewhere quiet. Or—if you would like, you may invite an audience.”
She informed one of her servants, and the man practically ran to evacuate a court for Seraphel. As she knew he would.
After all—she was going to use the forbidden Skill.
[Induction: Two of Life, Two of Death].
In truth, as Seraphel headed to the private training court in the evening, she didn’t know if it would even work. Dame Neranthei was here, and Seraphel would induct her if possible, but did she need to induct all four at once? If so, Ser Dalimont would need to be here. And what about…death?
