9.17 R
Page 9
There was an interesting contrast to the six young men and women he brought back and Golaen’s group. The Kingdom of Giants’ three looked rather overwhelmed, hanging back and quiet unless Etrogaer turned to them and asked a question.
However, the six that bowed before Seraphel were a bit bolder. And the reason was clear when Cortese introduced them.
“I have the pleasure of introducing you to Silver-rank Adventurers, Cassy, Lan, and Bronze-rank Adventurers Fabrice, Hallbera…”
Seraphel saw the most interesting group of young men and women who looked to each be from a different country from skin tone alone!
Fabrice was closer to Cortese’s skin, but tall and lanky. Hallbera could have perhaps fit in with Cenidau’s Hearthlords, and Lan was Drathian.
And yet he was not Drathian, because his accent was all wrong. As for being adventurers, Cortese looked indulgently proud.
“Of the—group of them, these six are the only ones who have gone into the dungeon and slain a few monsters. Visiting the Eternal Throne was a reward.”
Indeed, the six children seemed as amazed as any guest, but what Seraphel found fascinating was that one of them was holding up a brick.
No, wait, it was thin. Some kind of artifact? It kept flashing, and Lan kept tugging down Cassy’s arm, but when she saw Menrise, the girl spoke.
“Oh my god. You’re so cool! Is that a helmet? I have to take a picture. With my—scrying device!”
Cortese looked indulgent, but the [Swordservant] looked so nervous that Seraphel and every Thronebearer in earshot instantly noticed. Menrise peered at the device.
“That’s not magical. Oh! It’s me!”
“A new artifact recovered from the Infinite Dungeon, Lady Menrise. Nevermind how it works—look! You can take a mage-picture in fine quality! Cassy—show them a picture of Kaaz’s nobility.”
Indeed, there were dozens, perhaps hundreds of mage-pictures on…Seraphel’s brows rose higher and higher.
Was this made by an [Archmage] of old? She glanced at the Thronebearer, whose blink told her this would be going to Ielane and Reclis immediately. But then she noticed the nobles of Kaaz posing.
“Oh, what’s this?”
“A peace sign. Just do this—”
And Lady Menrise was standing with her back to Calanfer’s Eternal Throne, both hands each holding two fingers up in a ‘v’. She waited, then clapped her hands in delight at how it looked.
She was so free, it disconcerted Seraphel. So much so that even in between trying to ask Cortese who these children were—she turned to Menrise.
“You don’t seem to be much shackled by your helmet, Menrise. I—I quite confess, I envy your freedom.”
The [Spellbound Lady] of Tourvecall looked at Seraphel in astonishment, then she touched the helmet on her head.
“Oh, this? It’s for safety so I don’t vent mana. It is hardly a helmet. Yes, it’s customary not to take it off, but I can if I wish. Only—I find people are more allured by wondering what lies beneath.”
Seraphel could have sworn the [Lady] winked at her beneath the helmet. Menrise touched it gently.
“It’s a choice. It’s stylish. But freedom? We are the scions of the Hundred Families. If we aren’t free, who in this world is?”
“Here’s to that!”
Hundredlord Cortese laughed, and Baeris, his lion, threw up over the edge of one of the daises and watched the vomit float away through space. Seraphel looked between the two and didn’t have the ability to join them, nor the heart to protest.
As for Altestiel—his gaze was sympathetic as he joined the company. And sharp as he glanced at the Earthers. Cortese never noticed; he was locking gazes with Lord Etrogaer.
