9.17 R
Page 48
The three stood outside the banquet hall, while the guests, oblivious to the standoff just outside, toasted each other and ate. Perhaps only the [Queen] realized something was wrong, but even if she was trying to fix the issue—people who just fell unconscious when they entered the [Field of Deepest Slumber] weren’t going to solve the problem anytime soon.
The real green knight, Rabbiteater, was oblivious to all of this as well. Behind the closed doors, Teriarch was arguing in loud whispers with the Winter’s Watcher.
“How about this? You can do tomorrow. I’ll do today. This is entirely fair. Why? Because I am giving you this moment to walk away, and I’ll say nothing more about it. Or you can enter, sit down, and watch, then have your moment. Listen to me. Just because your helmet is blocking a Tier 5 spell, you and I are not on the same quote-unquote ‘level’. I’m busy calculating a trajectory. But I will happily spare a moment for—oh, what now?”
He turned with the Winter’s Watcher, and the fourth person strode down the hallway. A figure in a masked visor, not unlike Teriarch—although he had a more open helm—and the Winter’s Watcher.
Someone had really gone for the Green Knight aesthetic here. Vines twisted up the legs of the armored figure—a minor green spell, and they had a cape of flowers. Their voice boomed beneath a helmet as they raised a single, plain sword.
“I am the People’s Knight. You, who feast here, face me first.”
He had made his way into the palace from another route. And the fifteen Thronebearers he’d left behind him were a testament to his abilities. Each one felled with a single strike.
He was fairly confident—right up until he saw the Winter’s Watcher. Then he hesitated.
“Ah.”
“Go. Away.”
Teriarch growled at him and then did a double-take.
“People’s Knight? What kind of a stupid name is that? Why are you invoking the Green Knight? That’s my tale.”
He cupped one claw to his earhole and frowned. The Dragon could distinctly hear a female voice asking what was going on. The People’s Knight took a moment to mutter in his helmet.
“Cara—something’s gone amiss.”
Four people, each with a grand entrance in mind, stood there in a classic standoff. Teriarch swished his fake and real tail in vexation as he looked around.
Then the [Thief] ran for it. The [Servant] leapt away from the door to the banquet hall, and all three [Knights] moved.
The two fake ones, Teriarch and the People’s Knight, as well as the Winter’s Watcher, all drew a sword. The [Thief] froze—
A sword was at her neck. The People’s Knight actually moved it as she came to a standstill, so close it kissed her throat. The Winter’s Watcher had a blade against the back of the fake leg, and Teriarch had stepped to one side and idly pointed his sword at the [Thief]’s chest.
All four stopped, then. The [Thief] because if she so much as sneezed, she was the next course. But Teriarch was glancing sideways, brows raised, and the Winter’s Watcher was turning their head left and right.
Because the way each one had moved!
Teriarch was no [Knight]. Not in class, but he had dabbled in the art of swinging sticks about. Dabbled, lost interest, forgotten—he had had a few acclaimed matches. So perhaps he had some grace.
Just a touch. The Winter’s Watcher was one of the great [Knights] of their era. They had fought alone on many battlefields. With Skills, they had eclipsed Teriarch’s draw, if not the pure form of his movements.
