9.17 R
Page 36
“I daresay you’re right, Ser Solstice. They gave me less HP than Princess Seraphel!”
“You’re a [Fencer], Cortese.”
“And am I a pushover? No! How entertaining is it to swing this badly-balanced weapon around?”
He meant the actual balance of his fake, silver-painted rapier. Cortese sneered around at the blank stone walls that had appeared around him. They looked mossy, run-down, with water leaking from the ceiling—the most dungeon-like dungeon ever. It even smelled vaguely cave-like. Although, as an expert, Rabbiteater had to point out that the smells were mostly sanitized to give people the impression of a cave.
Anyways, Rabbiteater didn’t have high hopes for this whatever-it-was—until the first ‘Mothbear’ appeared in front of him.
….It looked exactly like a Mothbear. A huge, roaring monstrosity appeared, and Rabbiteater shouted in horror.
“Bear! Kill it! Kill—”
He launched into a flying kick and bounced off the illusion. Instantly, he felt a tingling ‘pain’ as the bear swiped at him, and something flashed up. It looked like a red bar that he saw at the top of his vision if he looked up.
It had just gone down by a bit. Rabbiteater tried punching the bear, and his fist bounced off something hard. He drew back his fist, and Menrise shouted.
“Ser Solstice, your weapon! Your weapon!”
She threw a ball of fire, and Rabbiteater rolled away. He lifted his ‘axe’—and saw to his astonishment it was a huge, double-handed greataxe! As light as a feather and with all kinds of ornate designs that would suck if you had to wipe blood off it all the time.
Indeed, he looked back, and Princess Seraphel, wearing a full knight’s plate armor that looked more impressive than his, charged forwards, swinging her sword wildly. The bear howled as her sword cut into its body. Rabbiteater began to grin. Hey. Maybe this would be fun after all.
 
——
 
Twenty minutes later, Rabbiteater kicked his way out of the Adventure Rooms, fuming mad. Seraphel, Menrise, and even Altestiel were chuckling and waving at the [Mages]. Cortese and Rabbiteater had huge scowls on their faces.
There wasn’t much pain in the simulations. Just the simulation of it. You got to feel like you were actually fighting monsters, if you didn’t account for the feedback of hitting the illusions or the weight of your weapons.
Unfortunately for Cortese and Rabbiteater—they were slow learners to the fact that this was a game, not reality. Altestiel was good enough to fight with his ‘Skills’, but Rabbiteater kept punching monsters, and forgetting to use his axe.
He also kept forgetting that his character had HP and his armor wasn’t armor. So when he thought a Goblin was sneaking up on him with a knife and tried to yank it out of the Goblin’s hand, he lost 20 HP from being repeatedly stabbed in his shins. Which had armor on them!
Only, his character did not. And even when Rabbiteater learned the rules and tried to play—he died.
When you died, you became a ghost who had to wait for the others to find a way to bring back the body. You got to do bits of damage and scout ahead…and Rabbiteater had died 5 times. In twenty minutes.
Cortese had died 3 times. Their reflexes, battle-honed senses, and own ability in combat had not availed them. Whereas Seraphel, because she could remember to shout ‘Impenetrable Guard’, got to activate what was probably a Level 50 Skill, and Menrise got to shoot chain lightning every ten seconds.
“It’s not even realistic.”
“No indeed. No balance for the proper levels one would have. Would this team of ‘Gold-rank adventurers’ really be fighting eight Trolls in twenty minutes? No!”
