9.17 R
Page 12
“…Then part of what makes a monarchy a monarchy unravels. Perhaps it endures, nevertheless. But monarchy should be stronger than whatever a scrying spell can unravel, Seraphel. A kingdom must be. So. If I found scrying orbs intolerable to the rule of [Kings], I would try to unite public opinion against them, at least in Terandria. Instead, I find them a worthy tool, but one that must be mastered before holding.”
His eyes were firm, and unlike the authority he had on the throne, Seraphel believed him. Reclis du Marquin was a man who believed in ideas. And one idea he had devoted his life to. He went back to the orb, jotting notes down in a private journal.
“The peasantry will be another issue. Nothing breeds jealousy like witnessing first-hand Khelt’s largesse. No…no, Khelt’s citizens are as rich as to be foreign. Other nations at their finest—we should temper any discontent with holidays, perhaps laws to uplift.”
“Why not do it anyways?”
Reclis glanced up. Seraphel stared at Drassi, who was arguing with Noass.
“What, Seraphel?”
“Why not announce the Thronebearers will have as many women as men or pass those laws for the peasants now, Father?”
He smiled fondly at her, indulgently, and rose.
“Ah, I can see why Ielane wanted me to speak with you. That is a fine question to ask here, Seraphel. Be cautious, from now on, when speaking of Calanfer. You are a war hero—and your opinions have too much weight. Which is good! Ielane believes she might be able to use that, but make no promises on behalf of the throne.”
Seraphel bit her tongue. Her newfound fame? Her parents approved of it, amazingly! And told her—
“What about the laws, Father?”
He turned back to her sympathetically.
“Ah, Seraphel. The answer is simple. We are not Khelt. Nor do I need to lower taxes or declaim a holiday to keep Calanfer running as it is.”
“If it would make them feel better…I was in Afiele in Noelictus, Father.”
“Yes, the siege. Ridiculous business from Ailendamus. And?”
Seraphel saw him listening, but she wondered if he heard her. She tried to place her words carefully.
“The people there were wonderful. Brave, courageous, kind—hardworking. If they did not have to struggle as hard for taxes—if the crown had given funds to the [Lord] there…the disaster might not have come about. Can Calanfer not do the same?”
Reclis nodded sympathetically. He sat back in his chair, sipped the coffee, grimaced slightly, and replied.
“Indeed we could. But if I were Noelictus’ king—I would look at the net results.”
“Net results?”
Reclis stared at something unseen, like a man weighing the scales.
“Cast aside the events at Ovela which had different circumstances. Afiele was a tragedy—but the loss of life was localized. Levels were gained, and a single province nearly overrun by undead. It was horrific, and I wish you were not there. However. Is that commensurate with the idea of enacting a kingdom-wide reform? Even if I, as Noelictus’ [King], focused on a single province, I invite envy of other provinces. I believe I would find it unnecessary. Especially to the body that matters.”
“The peasants?”
Reclis shook his head.
