9.17 R
Page 18
He was, as always, a mix of offensive honesty and strangeness. Ser Lorell chuckled as he tried not to mention ‘Goblins’—you could practically see himself trying to hold the word in.
“What, er, could have kept them up all night?”
“I kept Meisa up. About six hours. Oh, and at dawn for four hours.”
Talia was treated to the Winebreath Blaster from none other than Earl Altestiel. The man hit the poor Hundredlord, Ser Lorell, and a Thronebearer actually threw himself between Seraphel and the spray.
Amazing. The Earl was laughing so hard that Cortese’s howl of outrage was lost for a moment.
“That is it, Earl! I will have redress for my suit in blood!”
“Ser Solstice! That is quite untoward!”
Lorell was trying to wipe himself off, and Rabbiteater grinned, knowing perfectly well what he’d said. Menrise was laughing as hard as the Earl of Rains.
“What? Markus got a workout too.”
“Dead gods, Ser Solstice, your mouth!”
Talia snapped, so crimson she felt like she was generating a second Aura of Summer. She knew [Spring Knights] were notoriously…even so, to gossip about it!
Worst of all, Princess Seraphel and a lot of Thronebearers were there! And doubly worse—the Duchess Greina and Princess Telleis turned around at the laughter and commotion. And they headed right back.
“Is that the redoubtable Ser Solstice of Izril? Quiet nights! I am Duchess Greina, and this is Princess Telleis. May we take a moment of your time, Ser?”
Charles opened his mouth but couldn’t find a way in as a group surrounded Rabbiteater. The [Princess] bowed and was surprisingly soft-spoken.
“A key for every lock. Your Highness. What a gathering of faces. Is this Talia Kallinad? Forgive me, Dame Talia? I saw you at Daquin and your brother at sea.”
It was Talia’s turn to be astonished as the [Princess] turned to her. To her mortification, she began to stutter.
“No, I—it was hardly anything to be—Wil? He is doing quite well, thank you for asking.”
Telleis had not. Duchess Greina smiled politely, and Rabbiteater came to Talia’s relief. He glanced at Greina and then Telleis.
“Nice crossbow. Nice sword.”
The two glanced at him, and Talia saw, for the first time, that Duchess Greina carried an absurdly large crossbow on her back. Practically a hand-ballista!
“You notice, Ser Solstice? Then your reputation isn’t for granted!”
“Uh. It’s on your back.”
Rabbiteater scratched his head, and Greina and Telleis laughed. Talia got what was meant. For two of the noble flowers of Terandria to bear weapons was scandalous, but the Goblin barely saw the difference.
Rabbiteater recognized their aptitude. And again—the [Princess] Telleis saw Altestiel fending off the enraged Hundredlord Cortese.
“If there is a duel to be had, would you care to demonstrate your own abilities on the field, Ser Solstice? I confess—I had hoped to duel some of those present. Even one of the Thousand Lances if I had but the nerve. I have had two honor-duels with Kaaz’s nobility, and those were pressing affairs.”
At this, Cortese turned.
“Ah, Princess Telleis! I heard you’d left two of my kin disarmed, not bleeding. One a Silver-bell at that! I would be remiss if I did not offer you my blade and blood.”
The [Princess] bowed, and Talia saw something on her wrist. It did not chime, but it was a silver bell.
A [Fencer]’s mark. Greina responded to Cortese.
“If you have an honor duel, count me out. It is simultaneously neither battle and yet bloodier than it must be for my tastes. But I’ll happily let Ser Solstice school me in combat; I am no great blademaster, but I should be honored.”
“Sure.”
