9.17 R
Page 8
By contrast, Calanfer meddled, so Seraphel found herself pointing out people, not by face, but by clues like their dress or species.
“Ah—then you don’t have a diplomat from the Blighted Kingdom?”
“Never. How can you tell?”
Menrise peered at a serious nobleman, and Cortese checked his sword, but Seraphel nodded to the two serious, plain-looking [Bodyguards]. Unarmed, but highly competent.
“The Blighted Kingdom never goes without guards, even in the Eternal Throne. You can also see the Blighted Kingdom’s crest on a pin on his lapel, there. See? An iconic shape.”
Cortese squinted, but even the faint outline of the Blighted Kingdom—a bastion wall, like the rook chess piece—was a familiar symbol. Menrise nodded.
“And there?”
“A diplomat of…Manus. They don’t tend to fare well, especially in the current climate, but you can find a few Drakes.”
The sullen-looking Drake was scowling as someone upbraided him, possibly about the Meeting of Tribes. Fissival hadn’t even dared send a representative.
From Nerrhavia’s Fallen, when they deigned to show up, to the Great Companies of Baleros. A Centaur trotted over to shake the hand of…Seraphel frowned.
“Oh. Now, how interesting. That must be a rising star. Shardele would not be speaking to her otherwise. What kingdom is that?”
She eyed a woman who she took to be Human at first—until she spotted the telltale stitch-marks up one arm. Flaunted, not hidden. Seraphel crooked a finger, and the Thronebearer with the salads appeared.
“Your Highness?”
“For our guests—which nations does yonder emissary come from?”
The Thronebearer glanced over and replied instantly.
“The Empire of Sands, Your Highness. They control trade and most of Chandrar’s northwestern ports.”
“They do? When did that happen?”
“This year.”
Cortese tapped his lips, looking impressed.
“I barely knew. Not that we do much more than trade goods with Chandrar—but the King of Destruction is most of what I know from Chandrar. Him, and—have you seen that, ah, documentary about the Antinium?”
“Ksmvr of Chandrar?”
Both Seraphel and Menrise were eager to talk about that video series. And yet—Cortese used an interesting word, there.
“Did you say ‘documentary’, Lord Cortese? What might that be?”
Menrise tilted her head left and right. The Hundredlord hesitated, then smiled much the same way Altestiel had and looked about.
“Oh, just a term. But while we are here—why don’t I introduce you two to some fascinating guests? I think they’re…aha! [Swordservant].”
Like Seraphel, he raised his voice, and a scarred man appeared and bowed. He had a sword—or at least, a scabbard, since no blades were allowed in here.
“Hundredlord?”
“Bring forth our honored guests. Show the [Princess] and [Lady] Menrise their trinkets.”
The [Swordservant] hesitated.
“My orders are…”
Cortese’s eyes flashed, and his hand strayed towards his sword, again missing.
“It will hardly do to insult Calanfer’s hosts! Besides, look at Lord Etrogaer!”
He growled, and Seraphel looked left. The [Titanguard], eight feet tall, a giant among Humans, was laughing amidst his own hangers-on and company. And then Seraphel spotted what she had taken to be three servants.
Only—if they were Golaen’s servants, they were too short. Because they were ‘only’ around regular height and looked like actual children compared to Golaen’s stock. They were covered in the Kingdom of Giants’ livery.
It marked them as…what? Inducted nobility? Seraphel thought it was like fostering children, but Cortese saw something else. So the [Swordservant] bowed.
