9.17 R
Page 30
Pitted in the far corner, the fourth contender, the [Princess] Telleis swallowed. Her own aura, made up of impossible barriers and piercing insights—lock and key—flickered. Rabbiteater and Ser Greysten, flanking her on either side, saw the weakness. Both of them went for her as Altestiel raised an arm. A tidal wave swept across the room. Ser Greysten turned, and then there was an explosion of steam.
“Eternal Throne! Your Highness!”
A Thronebearer shielded the [Princesses], Seraphel and Aielef, and the spectators threw up their hands. However—neither [Princess] would leave. Nor did Dame Vensha have the means to compel them, not in this hour between dusk and midnight. There was something so fervent in the eyes. Even—Aielef learning how to swing a sword properly.
Perhaps it was reflected in Beacle’s gaze or even some of the Thronebearers. Beyond the adoration for their [Princesses], more than love of nation. A bit of respect for someone chasing that dream.
Still, Seraphel du Marquin sat there and watched the [Knights] charging forth. Presently, she rose and accepted a wand from Lady Menrise to show her the few spells a [Princess] learned. She looked around, triumphantly unhappy, because she had to know that Dame Vensha was speaking with her parents. This oasis of rebellion would not last.
As for Teriarch? He stood there awhile, watching. Wondering, perhaps, how long ago it had been since these emotions had run through his blood.
“I am old. And mighty. I have seen it all before and given lifespans even as my people know it, only to see it all fall apart.”
He whispered, like a confession only to himself. Only—it sounded like an excuse, even to his ears. He was reminded of the raging Wyrm, arrogant and selfish and young. The curious mix of Lucifen and Agelum, clinging together at the end of myth.
What was wrong with him? He touched his chest and felt more than a weariness from his ages of sleep. He truly was missing something. Part of Teriarch had gone out and set fire to Wistram. In contempt for what they had forgotten, in passion for a better world.
It had never come back. Though magic had restored his heart—what was left in the Dragon? Regrets and memories. But he had to fulfill his promises.
He had to fly. So, like a long-lost traveller seeking the road back, Teriarch watched the Goblin and the mortals on the start of their long road. Plotting his great journey.
 
——
 
That night, a figure slipped through the palace, hunting for items to be stolen. The Thief. She was flitting from balcony to balcony, performing leaps as long as thirty feet, then stealthing out of sight, waiting until no one could see her before she continued.
She had a list, and even though she had revealed herself once, her reign of terror over the rich was not over. She was just creeping over to a room in the Mercuous Suite and listening to the sound of snoring from within.
Aha. Not everything she wanted was an artifact. This was about prestige. And there was nothing more prestigious than learning who this ‘Ser Solstice’ was. Information was a type of currency in her markets, and this would net her a tidy profit.
She heard two breaths from within. But both were tired out from their training, and she made not a sound as she slowly unlatched the balcony doors. Rabbiteater’s suite looked out onto the gardens, and a pair of drapes blew as the [Thief] put her hand to the window.
She was good. A Dragon was eating chips he’d stolen from the kitchens as he peered up at her from the gardens. He shuffled sideways a bit to make room for everyone.
