9.17 R
Page 37
Cortese and Rabbiteater were complaining loudly, which proved they really weren’t the target audience. The [Lord] who had gone on actual adventures in a dungeon and Rabbiteater, the Goblin, were mad as hell.
By contrast, Altestiel was urbanely amused—mostly by their fury—and Seraphel and Menrise were delighted.
“I think it’s very entertaining, Ser Solstice. Come now. I thought you were the mysterious loner, not the emotional one.”
Menrise teased him. Rabbiteater tried to throw her off the Skybridge. They were headed back to the inner city, and the [Lady] skipped ahead, laughing as he chased after her. Seraphel was about to suggest they now visit a shop selling the Singer of Terandria’s songs when she heard it.
Her head turned as a great cheer came from the gates. It was still a festival in the capital, but Seraphel and her friends had not seen the crowds at the gates and had avoided the plazas. Yet she felt a stir in the air, and in an instant—knew what was happening. The Hundredlord Cortese himself raised his head.
“I knew Erribathe was sending someone. But him?”
Rabbiteater felt the air change. The very air changed, but not in the way of hostility or bloodlust in the air. It was an actual shift in nature. All five turned, but only his reaction was different. Then he saw it, heard it.
The Kingdom of Myth, Erribathe, had finally arrived. It began as a dignified blowing of trumpets, heralding some great visitor at the gates. Applause, cheers, manufactured by the impressive Thronebearers and [Bards] riling up the crowds.
Then—something peculiar happened. Rabbiteater could not see, from the Skybridge, who or what was coming. But he did see and hear—the silence fall at the gates.
Silence. For a good two minutes, the horns stopped and the cheers ended. He thought, possibly, someone had tripped or a horse had thrown a rider or something silly. Then there was a roar, and wild, spontaneous cheering rose from the gates once more.
Rabbiteater jumped. What was that? He looked at Cortese, and the Hundredlord was craning for a view.
“Who is Erribathe? I mean—what kingdom are they?”
“Golaen’s neighbor. Third of the Restful Three.”
Seraphel supplied, and Cortese nodded distractedly.
“That is what you southlanders call us. As if any of our kingdoms are alike! Age, perhaps. All three nations hail back to the founding of Terandria’s Kingdoms. Our Thousand Lances are an ancient tradition, and Golaen’s city was built by Giants. As for Erribathe, they are an original founding. Somewhat—unique.”
Menrise exchanged a glance with Rabbiteater. If Cortese said unique, what did that mean? Altestiel was frowning into the distance.
“I have visited Erribathe. You might like it, Rabbiteater. It is the third-largest nation in Terandria after Taimaguros and Ailendamus, now. It used to be first. It is a wild land full of old magic and disparate groups. But their leader…that’s not an aura.”
A strange phenomenon was sweeping through the city. It began with the dignified cheers—which would go silent. Then, they would explode into wild shouting and cheers in the wake of…something. Someone, moving through the city.
They were coming this way. Of course they were; the Skybridge was on a direct route to the palace. So the five waited. And again, something was changing the air.
