9.17 R
Page 10
So that was why they’d come to Calanfer. At least—part of the reason. Seraphel smiled politely in response to Menrise’s words.
Inside—she was screaming. But the person to whom she needed to truly speak to—
Well.
The words never quite came out.
 
——
 
Queen Ielane looked up, and Princess Seraphel froze. Her mother spoke briskly.
“Your father is waiting for you.”
“I know, but I was hoping I could—”
“Talk?”
The [Queen] was distracted. Outside of the Eternal Throneroom, after the guest reception, she had three veteran Thronebearers and several of Calanfer’s staff, including a [Bard], gathered around a plan of the palace. Ielane was patently impatient as she replied.
“Later, Seraphel. We must investigate this [Thief].”
“The one who stole Aielef’s tiara? You haven’t gotten them yet?”
Ielane sighed, and one of the Thronebearers bowed to the [Princess].
“Not just the tiara. Golaen and several others of the nobility were burgled in the same evening during the poisoning incident, Your Highness. Please keep this information to yourself.”
“Seraphel is an adult. Although the warning is not lost. You have some…capital, Seraphel, after your actions in the war, advisable or not. Your father will speak to you, but remember, you speak with Calanfer’s authority.”
“Y-yes, Mother. But how has a [Thief] escaped our Thronebearers?”
They might not be warriors, but against [Assassins] and [Thieves]? They were practically ten levels higher! For answer, one of the [Bards] spoke.
“We are dealing with a [Thief] on the level of one of the most famous in the continent. Perhaps it is one of them; we are investigating. For instance, the ‘poison’ that passed all detection came from stale confections Golaen stored improperly. But it was also coated in an alchemical aid.”
“Not a poison?”
A Thronebearer looked embarrassed and coughed into his hand.
“It has the same effects as one, Your Highness. It, ah, provokes—”
Ielane broke in without turning her head to Seraphel.
“We believe you should be going. As for the thief, they have some ability. Thank you for mentioning Kaaz’s strange guests, Seraphel. We had quite noticed, but it is good one of our daughters picked up on it. Shardele did not, nor did Aielef, though her distress is quite understandable. As for Vernoue…she overslept. Your father?”
Seraphel had to go. Her father was someone she could speak to, in theory—but Reclis du Marquin was also hard to approach.
For different reasons than Ielane. He sat in a personal study, and like the Queen of Calanfer, his public persona and private one were—
“Seraphel. Sit down. Ielane gave me some time. I wanted to speak to you—here, take a cup of this and drink. Tell me your thoughts, then speak to me about your thoughts on Tyrion Veltras and the Goblin Slayer. In order—we have to get to your newfound authority or your mother will be upset, but I am passionate about all the underlined subjects.”
Reclis du Marquin was often as short of time as Ielane, but he made up for his lack by a few things. Firstly—in private, he spoke quickly, without the regal pauses and intonation he worked hard on.
Secondly, he had a cup of some black liquid he proffered to Seraphel, and he was watching a scrying orb on low volume while she sat. His daughter saw Reclis glance up and saw a familiar Drake she liked on the orb.
“I would like to be free of my duties as a [Princess].”
…Was what Seraphel thought. What she said was—
“You watch Drassi and Wistram News Network, Father?”
