9.17 R
Page 25
He glanced up as Cortese inhaled—in delight, Seraphel thought. She felt the same way. The old [Knight] smiled coldly.
“Beg pardon, Ser Solstice. Please desist.”
She glanced over her shoulder, and like a perfect [Actor], Aielef knew her lines without even reading them. She came forwards, handing the sword to a servant as her hair was straightened and a perfume applied by a bevy of her people. None of them looked at Aielef, perhaps preparing to sell the lie that this never happened.
And yet…Seraphel saw her own servant, Beacle, helping dress Aielef. And she saw, just for a second, a flicker of something. Scorn? Or perhaps…? Aielef bowed to Ser Solstice apologetically.
“It was my fault. Let us leave it at that.”
“Fault? Were you training or playing? If you were training—I will teach you how to hold a sword. You painted a picture of me at the keep. Good trade.”
Seraphel blinked. Aielef still painted in her keep? She had thought her sister had given up that hobby long ago.
Aielef hesitated. She shook her head as the old Thronebearer motioned her sideways subtly.
“I wouldn’t want to disrupt your training, Ser Knights, guests, with my fanciful nonsense. It behooves you all to practice even as guests of Calanfer. Excuse me.”
Head bowed, she began to walk left, flanked by Calanfer’s staff. Seraphel vibrated—but she didn’t know what to say, and one look from her old nanny made her go quiet.
Until someone spoke up.
“Begging your pardon, Princess Aielef. But if you would like to hold a sword, you are never too old. I was twenty-three when I picked up a blade. Nor can I claim I am that diligent at practice and training. Say, rather, I was inspired. Inspired and humbled by the last great event of the war I participated in.”
The ranks of watchers parted, and a woman strode forth. Younger than the white-haired Thronebearer, but older than most [Summer Knights] in her company.
Dame Voost. She was the great expert of the Summer Knights—and that was about all Seraphel knew of her since she hadn’t arrived at the keep during the siege.
And yet.
And yet, the woman stood there, and something caught Seraphel’s gaze. Dame Voost had hair that had no product to make it glossy. It looked like hazel turning slowly to iron. She had a scar on one cheek, and yet, she hardly seemed like an iron maiden. She blazed with a youth that was so well-remembered it still was reality.
Summer’s child. A woman for blazing days and great deeds. And she spoke to those congregated here.
“I do not know, friends, if you saw or witnessed the last great battle at Ailendamus’ gates. I was there, but few speak of it directly.”
“How could we not have seen it, Dame Knight?”
Hundredlord Cortese spoke, sounding fascinated. Dame Voost sketched a bow towards him.
“Then perhaps you saw the apparitions which came to us.”
“Naturally. [Historians] and [Bards] and the like still argue over whether or not the spirits were…accurate to form. And what it might mean, of course. Their like has not been seen again, but I would wager every kingdom had seen—something. One hears stories. A fantastical day. A mystery.”
The Hundredlord hesitated as he replied, and that great doubt entered his voice. Seraphel had met ghosts before then. Even she wondered if it had been real.
She had known great ghosts of old—but the ones who had come to the battlefield were too real. They had been the first [Kings] and [Queens] of old. So many legends that it beggared belief. If one had come and spoken omens, that would have been more believable.
