9.17 R
Page 0

Now, the Dragonthrone.
They called it different names, those Humans who had never looked upon a Dragon’s face except set in stone, captured in some snarling mural where their only purpose was to be a beast, mentor, or companion to Humans or other species.
That was not the fault of later generations. Every species told that kind of story; self-centered and narrow. Even, nay, especially Dragons.
What you had to know was this: the Dragonthrones were crystallizations of selfishness and nobility. They embodied everything that was best and worst of Dragons, much like the Walled Cities defined the Drakes.
The Dragonlord of Flame had not made his Dragonthrone. It had been a labor of love and pride from countless Dragons, entire elements coming together to build it. It was a haven, a great, fortified structure, even a trap.
Terrium Archelis Dorishe had been a child the first time he was allowed entrance to the Dragonthrone and saw the Seat of Flame in construction. Even a Dragon hatchling had to be on his best behavior, and he had peeked out behind a semi-translucent wing like a waterfall of copper, and seen the first blocks being laid.
Fiery stone, quarried from the heart of an active volcano by Magma Trolls and with the help of the great Giant of Ash, Rhetorisel. Or rather, with her permission.
In millennia, countless millennia later, the last of her kind would seek shelter in Khelt’s sands and breathe her last. That was how old the Dragonthrones were.
Teriarch’s had been made to rule over other creatures. So each throne empowered the very nature of the Dragons who sat upon them. They were pure vanity, however; all that time and effort capturing the very essence of flame could have been spared to light a hundred thousand fires for cold, shivering souls across the world. Seldom had the Dragonthrones ever been used directly in war. They were trophies, the greatest prizes to be taken.
And many broke.
Eight had ever been built; five had been lost or deconstructed, parts hauled off to form the foundations of Walled Cities or just destroyed. Fissival’s Grand Librarium and the base of the Walled City of Magic was made of a Dragonthrone’s broken dreams.
Three remained in any capacity. Of the three, only one was in the public ‘knowledge’, and it had been given to a Human after the end of the Creler Wars. There was no owner left to contest it.
The Eternal Throne of Calanfer was technically the entire city. Entire streets had been laid using the vast Dragonthrone as the basis for a city. Did it outrage him?
No. Not really. It was the most generous, most useful a Dragonthrone had ever been. Calanfer had been given it, and of all the things ever done—
Teriarch thought Queen Marquin the First would have approved of that. Little else of her current nation perhaps, but then, he didn’t know.
He hadn’t gotten a chance to ask her. Now, the Brass Dragon watched the Eternal Throne shift. To be precise, the single seat in the entire, endless chamber that was the true Eternal Throne of Calanfer shifted.
It was a kind of anchored reality you could step into. That was what lay at the heart of Calanfer’s famous palace. Past the walls of more mundane make—through two doubledoors etched with the likenesses and names of every [King] and [Queen] to rule Calanfer, with so much space yet left—then you would step into another world.
Teriarch’s Dragonthrone had been meant to rule. It was a conclave of Dragonthrones, arranged in a vast circle such that supplicants would step into the last conclave of Dragon, Wyvern, and Wyrm.
