9.17 R
Page 13
“No. The kingdom. What serves the people or the nobility or even we, the royal family, the crown, does not always serve the kingdom, Seraphel. And the kingdom should—must endure. What matters is the kingdom. If serving the commonfolk serves the kingdom, then it should be done. As it stands? I don’t believe we have the time nor the will to push for some kind of…Samal-like paradise. Let alone Kheltian. Ailendamus is still at war with the Dawn Concordat, and I have not forgotten it. Fortunately, the Order of Seasons is pressing them, they have multiple raiders on several fronts, and House Wellfar has sent their ships into the war.”
He turned to Seraphel seriously.
“I convened this invitation to unite sentiment against Ailendamus as well as pursue other goals, Seraphel. The Restful Three’s presence is a huge chance—if confused by their own ambitions.”
“The young men and women. Why are they here?”
Seraphel felt like a child again. Reclis was listening to her, explaining the thoughts of a [King] in far more expansive terms than Ielane would. And yet—did he hear her? Reclis drummed his fingers on the armrest of his throne.
“Apparently, to look to the outside world which they seldom do. Those children…I have promised them nothing, nor will I push hard for an alliance. One step at a time. The throne must not move dramatically.”
“Not even when we were nearly wiped out by Ailendamus? They were a hair from taking the capital!”
Seraphel’s voice was snippish, and Reclis startled before smiling.
“Ah, there’s my sharp-tongued girl. Rest assured, I might be stoic—Ielane will not be. She is the sharp edge of the battleaxe and swings hard—I am the haft. We will try to build a new wall to hold Ailendamus in check, Seraphel. Do not fear. Calanfer has failed to keep them at bay…I do fail. The Eternal Kingdom does fail, and you are old enough to see how desperately we’ve played our cards, including you, to try and stop them.”
He stood, as the scrying orb turned off, and put the coffee down as he walked to a window. Seraphel rose and followed him. Reclis turned his head as she hesitated.
“Father. I—I don’t wish to be married again.”
She said it so hesitantly, with such a jolt through her heart. Reclis turned to her—then reached out and took her hands. Seraphel froze—and Reclis smiled sadly.
“Neither do I, my daughter. But duty calls.”
“But—”
“It might not happen. Ielane will calculate—perhaps it will be a marriage of convenience. Or another role, like an ambassador to Noelictus. Yet Seraphel, we must do what we can for Calanfer. All of us.”
He stared at her. He stared right through her and thought he was looking her in the eyes. Seraphel’s cheeks went red, and she raised her voice.
“Is that why we’re an insect in the Kingdom of Glass and Glory’s way? Is that why we—I saw Marquin, Father! I thought I did! She was a hero of the Creler Wars, and look at us now! Why, if the kingdom is all that matters—is the kingdom so poor?”
For answer, Reclis du Marquin stepped back, but not in shock or fear. He looked at Seraphel gravely, then sighed.
