9.17 R
Page 23
The private practice courts were where you could make mistakes out of the public eye. Each one was a contained room, much like this gymnasium that her father had told her he wanted to build, a Pallassian idea. Not in the palace, or if so, only for guests, but on a national level, perhaps, and certainly for the [Knights].
At any rate, these private workout areas were perfect. And the royal family kept one door locked at all times. Seraphel waited as a servant opened the lock. Dame Neranthei was on the way, and Seraphel was about to tell the servant to find her a zombie to see how far she could push this when she and the manservant heard something.
Someone was within the practice room. Seraphel knew that Reclis sometimes practiced—and the [Princes], those…brothers of hers…had often trained here. Sometimes, a [Princess] would hide here, but this time, it wasn’t Vernoue reading a book.
Someone was actually using the training dummy and practice equipment. Seraphel fell silent, and the servant cracked the door open as a Thronebearer reached for his sword and prepared to sound an alarm. But it wasn’t a thief.
It was…
Princess Aielef.
“Hah! Ha! Haaah! Take this!”
Seraphel, the [Servant], and the Thronebearer stared through the open door and saw Aielef, her hair disheveled, wearing a dress, hacking at a training dummy, which rotated when she struck it. She had—even to Seraphel’s limited knowledge of fighting—abysmal form.
Yet she was attacking with commendable vigor. In fact, from the sweat running into her dress, she might have been doing this for a while. She stepped backwards, nearly cracked her head open on the ground as she trod on the hem of her dress, and then surged back into the fight against the dummy with renewed vigor!
“For Calanfer! In the name of Marquin! Take this and this. And—”
She was tossing her head back like a [Battle Princess] of old, triumphant, high on adrenaline. Then she saw Seraphel, the servant, and the Thronebearer watching her.
Seraphel really felt bad. She had pulled worse pranks before—but this was actually unintentional. Aielef had gone still as a ghost, and the servant and Thronebearer immediately fled.
“Your Highness, excuse us.”
“Aielef—”
Seraphel began, but Aielef had turned beet red. She lowered the sword, hid it behind her back as if she could pretend nothing had happened, and glanced past Seraphel. She snapped, icily hostile at once.
“Did Shardele put you up to this? Just because I chased her out of here?”
“Shard—no, of course not! Is this where she smokes everything, now? I should have known. I was going to practice a Skill.”
“Oh! Well—”
Aielef’s fury at being made fun of turned to embarrassment. Then back to fury. She had tears in her eyes.
“Well—go ahead and laugh! I know it’s a foolish thing, but they called me Aielef the Fierce, and you were the one who rode out against an army. I know I was a coward, and—even I can be inspired! Even if it will never come to be.”
She sniffed and averted her face. Seraphel hid her hands behind her back and squeezed her fingers tightly as she bit her tongue. Aielef, mother of three—it was harder to see who was more ashamed.
“I wouldn’t mock you, Aielef. Throne knows, I’ve wanted to wield a sword too. And I’ve seen masters. Were you—actually intending on gaining a [Warrior] class?”
Aielef didn’t respond. Seraphel had thought she would be relieved by the end of the war and return to normalcy after Kaliv nearly being overrun. But she was astonished to see tears leaking from Aielef’s eyes. Her older sister, so—so—bossy and—
“I blame Shardele for all of this.”
