9.17 R
Page 17
From that dreary land of cloudy skies and [Hunters], not [Knights], had come Greina. And she was both star-struck by the Eternal Throne and starry-eyed.
Literally. Her pupils, accentuated by the black-and-white irises that flared in an unusual pattern, gave the starburst effect until you got closer and saw how they were an illusion. But she was doubly-striking because she had a nali-stick in one hand and was chewing on it while animatedly talking with Telleis.
“Duchess Greina, an autograph? I am such a fan of your adventuring—”
Talia was so glad it wasn’t Lorell who embarrassed himself but another young [Lord]. Charles du Trevalier, a [Lord] who she understood was supposed to be a [Mage] of Wistram, was hurrying forwards, eyes on Greina. Or perhaps her chest. He seemed to be having a hard time deciding which one he wanted to focus on. In reply, Duchess Greina turned away from Telleis as the [Princess] made a face.
The Gold-rank adventurer and [Duchess] wore mostly black, a kind of ‘combat dress’ as she had scandalized the ballroom society by claiming. She had an infectious grin, no reserved smile like much of Noelictus’ people, nor did she keep her voice low.
“And I, sir, am a bit busy to sign autographs even if I cared to. But don’t let my harsh words deter you. Good day!”
Then she winked mightily. Talia and Lorell stirred, because the huge wink, as she closed one eye in an exaggerated motion, was accompanied by a stir in the air.
Her aura slapped Charles so fast the [Lord] never saw it. Talia was amazed. She had never seen someone with Greina’s control outside the Order of Seasons! A huge, grinning face in Greina’s perfect image appeared behind her, intangible, rising through the Noelictus and Samal crowd—and the wink of one eye slammed down on Charles’ face.
He stood there, completely floored and stunned as Greina walked past him. Only thirty seconds later did he look around and come back to himself.
“Dead gods, she knocked him straight out for half a minute!”
“Yes….she’s quite the storied person. A [Duchess] of wealth, acclaim, and a mastery of aura. Why do you fancy her on par with Princess Telleis?”
The [Princess] of a literal paradise seemed to be the greatest catch if Talia were keeping score. Lorell looked slightly offended at the question.
“The [Princess] is…an inspiring figure, Dame Talia. But having met the Duchess Greina, I can assure you—she makes a fellow feel alive. I felt inspired to join her on a quest of errantry. Someone with that kind of…derring-do makes me believe in adventures.”
Talia supposed it was an incomprehensible appeal to her. Speaking of which…she saw Altestiel and then blinked.
Because he had come out of the Eternal Throne talking animatedly with no less than…Rabbiteater? Unlike Meisa and Markus, he wasn’t heading abed, and three other people were in the group, including no less than Princess Seraphel.
“Now there is a sight. Yonder lies Ser Solstice. Should we weasel our own way in?”
Lorell asked merrily, and before Talia could stop him, he was hailing Rabbiteater.
“Ser Solstice! Not tired like Dame Meisa and Markus?”
“Nope. They’re weak.”
The Hobgoblin broke off from his group. Princess Seraphel smiled wanly as Talia introduced herself, and the touchy Kaazian [Lord] eyed their blades with interest, but the [Princess] looked somewhat subdued.
Nevertheless, Talia was—mixed about Rabbiteater. They hadn’t really had a chance to talk after the entire war. Meisa had made it clear she held Talia in some contempt. As for Rabbit?
