9.17 R
Page 34
Lyonette’s body-double smiled demurely as Seraphel rolled her eyes. But she looked back and saw Reclis and Ielane glancing her way.
No, the 4th Princess of Calanfer could not run so easily. They would bring her back if she tried. So how else? Seraphel walked, head turning as if trying to escape a cage. But this was Calanfer.
The very walls were made of ancient stone and magic. Unbreakable.
 
——
 
Rabbiteater was of a mind to have fun today. You had fun in the day, beat each other with sticks at night. If he must be stuck in Calanfer, he would rather see Seraphel laugh.
She was the gloomiest of the Shitty Five.
“Don’t call us that.”
Earl Altestiel looked askance at the name. Rabbiteater tried again as they walked out of the palace into the city.
“How about—the Crappy Five?”
“Do we need a name that refers to that incident, Ser Solstice?”
Cortese muttered. Rabbiteater just thought it sounded good. He had a…nostalgia for the number five. But it was also true that Seraphel was the gloomy one.
“Gloomy? I fair think the [Princess] is far more outgoing than Kaaz’s own royal family.”
Cortese was blind. He was the dupe, the innocent one. When Rabbiteater told him that, the Hundredlord reached for his longsword in outrage. But Lady Menrise stopped him.
“You’re the direct fellow, Cortese. I get that. Who am I in your list, Ser Rabbit?”
She teased him, and Rabbiteater grinned.
“You’re the funny one.”
“Aha! Well and truly spoken! So Seraphel is Miss Gloom, or at least, the one who needs most cheering. And you would be…?”
“The mysterious one.”
“Fair enough.”
Altestiel grunted. He waited, smiling expectantly.
“Which would leave me as the handsome heartbreaker? The experienced leader? The romantic strategist?”
Rabbiteater snorted.
“No. You’re the emotional one. I heard you cried when Erin rejected you.”
The Earl of Rains froze up—then his face turned into a thunderhead. Rabbiteater and Menrise high-fived and skipped ahead as Cortese laughed. Then Seraphel hurried over.
“What have I missed?”
“Altestiel crying.”
She gave him an astonished look, and the [Earl] was protesting the entire walk out of the palace. Of course, there was Ser Markus and Meisa, Talia and Greysten, and the others they knew, but the Ivory Five made it a point to meet up.
Mind you, it wasn’t five. That was just how it felt. There were people on the street bowing to Seraphel and asking for autographs—and probably no less than two dozen Thronebearers and servants, including Beacle, but Cortese and Seraphel barely noticed them.
Even Altestiel and Menrise were at home, as all of them were used to having staff around them, but it weirded Rabbiteater out. And he was a Goblin growing up in a tribe! He supposed that the difference was that he was used to being surrounded—but the Goblins had opinions and wants.
Seraphel and the other four Humans sometimes seemed to forget the security and other people existed. They only had eyes and laughter for their friends, and it was a fair obsession that drew them together.
Because—probably—they wouldn’t have this moment again, and it seemed all of them knew it.
“What is the most interesting thing in Calanfer at this moment, Your Highness? Something even the Earl would call new. I don’t often visit the ports, so I am well entertained, but Tourvecall does keep up with the curios, and Ser Solstice is widely-travelled.”
Cortese challenged Seraphel, and the [Princess] pursed her lips.
“What am I, a [Bard] tour guide, Hundredlord?”
He hesitated, and Rabbiteater nudged Menrise.
“See? She’s also the sassy one.”
