9.17 R
Page 53
Instantly, Greysten drew his smaller axe on his right side and handed it over. The Drake watched with an air of resigned patience.
“Are you called a great warrior of men, Ser Gorethem? If you are of the Thousand Lances, you should be.”
The old man tested the blade in the air and faced the Drake with an air of resignation.
“I was known as a Named-rank Adventurer. Gorethem Krakenblood. I drove one back from Cenidau’s shores in my youth. Will you not relent?”
The Drake’s only reply was a low laugh.
“No. Strike hard and waste your first blow. There is an order to folly, after all.”
The [Knight] hesitated—but then he drew the axe back. Everyone waited and watched as he judged his blow.
The first one was indeed kind. He swung for the Drake’s shoulder, which was relaxed as the patient intruder waited.
Not lightly. Not a ‘wasted’ blow in Rabbiteater’s eyes. Gorethem had already used a Skill, and so the blow was so quick that Seraphel blinked and the crash and flash of magical light as blade met armor was still crackling through the dim banquet hall, deafening and blinding all for a moment.
Yet the Drake just stood there, dusting off his shoulder with a claw.
“Next?”
“Your sword, Ser Gorethem.”
Greysten offered. But the Named-rank Adventurer was still unwilling to draw it. He set himself again, glanced at the Drake, and, more sure he wouldn’t cut his opponent in twain, spoke.
“[Blade Art: Twin Curves of the Moon].”
This time, Rabbiteater saw a crescent draw itself out of the air and an exact duplicate swung the other way. This time—he thought that if he had been struck like that, he would have broken bones and the blade might have cut through his armor and flesh and bone.
The impact was like thunder, and Rabbiteater squinted through it. Ser Gorethem staggered—and the Summer’s Champion’s axe skidded across the floor until the Winter’s Watcher stopped it with one foot.
The Drake was standing there. His mismatched eyes were glowing with impatience, and Ser Gorethem backed up. A voice came from the Winter’s Watcher’s helmet.
Muffled, almost guttural. Neither immediately male nor female.
“Draw your sword, knight.”
Gorethem looked at the Winter’s Watcher, then slowly drew his greatsword. It was ivory. And Rabbiteater realized the stories about Gorethem were probably great.
Because he carried a Kraken’s tooth or claw—carved into a greatsword. The air even smelled like salt and blood, and when he held it with both his hands, Rabbiteater muttered.
“Whoa. Whoa—”
He steadied Meisa—then both backed up as Rabbiteater ducked. A raging wave had engulfed the length of the greatsword. When held behind Gorethem, it was threatening to tap Rabbiteater on the helmet. And he stood fourteen feet behind the man.
“Better, stranger?”
For answer, the Drake spread his arms.
“Do you know how this story always ends, Ser Gorethem? Why do we repeat such stories? Why did you?”
The [Knight] paused as he raised his blade.
“I will not swing lightly.”
He refused to answer the question. So the Drake did for him as the blade drew back and Rabbiteater decided to stand behind Ser Greysten. Just in case.
“We tell these stories because we want to see them undone. Or see if they were true. Every villain meets their end. Every [Prince] rides off into a sunset. Then they forget. Again and again. Whenever I stand here, you say, you think—it cannot be true.”
The sword drew back. Ser Gorethem hesitated one last time. But the Dragon just looked at him, and the trembling blade steadied. Then the Thousand Lances’ [Knight] swung his greatsword down with a howl.
“[Sword Art: The Kraken Bleeds].”
