9.17 R
Page 4
“My daughter is fortunate indeed to have met a man of such valor as yourself, Ser Solstice. I pray to speak to her someday, if it can be done.”
Rabbiteater didn’t know what to say, but Reclis just stepped back. And the Goblin thought—he wasn’t so bad. For a fellow who stood on flames, at least.
 
——
 
It was slightly disappointing, to Seraphel du Marquin, to see Ser Solstice had fallen for her father’s ploys.
But then—he was very good in his element, and the Eternal Throne for a newcomer was just cheating. Reclis du Marquin was a powerful speaker, and Ielane was just as good. That laugh. Seraphel had never heard her laugh like that in private, except to demonstrate how it was done.
Well, Ser Solstice was in the crown and public’s favor, and those two did not always align. Since he had both, he was a fine guest of the Eternal Throne, milling about as Thronebearers personally served food off platters.
It was all a life-changing moment, a memorable occasion to dine and speak in the Eternal Throne. Unless you’d done it before. Seraphel noted some of the noble guests were slightly immune to the grandeur. At least, the [Earl] who peered at a simple caprese salad offered to him as a refreshment.
“And is this going to give me another date with the privy?”
The Thronebearer, a woman half Altestiel’s age, gave him a perfect bow. They were graceful and adept at their jobs, the Thronebearers. Just not so good on the battlefield. This Thronebearer, despite being new to her class, was every match for Altestiel’s grace. She offered him an apologetic and reassuring smile.
“The food and drink have all been personally vetted and sampled today, Earl Altestiel. The unfortunate incident of last night will not happen again, I assure you.”
The Earl helped himself to a small bowl and nodded as Seraphel walked over.
“And has anyone found the missing items the [Thieves] took?”
“I am afraid I cannot speak of matters of state, Earl Altestiel.”
The reply was very smooth, and the Earl grunted.
“Naturally. I suppose I should ask—ah, Princess Seraphel. Your Highness.”
He gave her a bow, and Seraphel eyed the salad. She took a bowl as the Thronebearer bowed deeply.
“Earl Altestiel. I am glad you attended today’s gathering.”
“I wouldn’t have missed it, to see Ser Solstice awarded the Dawnguard medal. I imagine one only sees a sight like that once in his lifetime. And the Eternal Throne is, in and of itself, a wonder, as always.”
The [Earl]’s eyes twinkled as he took a huge bite of his salad. Seraphel kept her face polite, but she felt interested as she took a bite of some tomato and mozzarella. Not too spiced or fancy; sometimes you could just enjoy a fresh bite of food.
Why would Ser Solstice be interesting? The Earl had been to Calanfer enough that it might not be as appealing. But that moment of mischief…he was a good statesman, but a bit obvious. A quirk of the lips, a subtle shift in his aura, like a spring shower overhead as you were walking—
Then again, Ser Solstice was interesting to Seraphel too. And she smiled, because Altestiel was a friend.
…Right? Seraphel’s warnings from her mother and all her history warred with the fact that Umbral Throne diplomacy was not something even Calanfer stooped to. In fact, Altestiel seemed to be thinking the same thing.
“I wondered, when I saw you, whether it was appropriate to approach, Your Highness.”
“I should be delighted, Altestiel!”
“Ah, myself included! But it is a funny thing to, ah, be—”
“Friends bound in strife?”
The [Earl] snorted.
“I would have said, ‘companions of porcelain’.”
