9.17 R
Page 45
“Not at all, Hundredlord. Rather, this would be far simpler than a sworn contract. Given the countless nations and issues of each ruler signing a magical contract, say rather an agreement between gentlemen of the same species and culture.”
“And ladies?”
Greina raised her brows, and Lothen bowed.
“Absolutely, from the Sleeping Queen to any other, Duchess. A simple agreement—not to make war on another Terandrian kingdom. To, perhaps, form a unified front and common entry point. So, perhaps, if Tourvecall wanted for laborers…”
“Aha.”
Altestiel muttered. He glanced around, gave Queen Ielane a slight bow, and went back to listening. Not necessarily in appreciation, but he got it.
“Every nation present would agree to a ceasefire. In the interests of avoiding needless further bloodshed.”
The [Diplomat of Envy], Corek, was relaying this to Ailendamus in real-time. The Kingdom of Glass and Glory was moving to interject and stop this if it could—or at least, insert itself into this agreement.
But therein lay the problem. Every nation invited was, carefully, not at war with any of the others. They might have historical rifts, but even Taimaguros was there. And a venture overseas that could be so appealing?
New land. It was like an aphrodisiac, sweeter than cake and more tantalizing than toilet paper in a bathroom stall of agony. If they agreed to—even temporarily—a unified front abroad…were you going to jeopardize it at home?
Not for a bit. And if Taimaguros agreed…Ailendamus stood alone, now watching every side. Of course it could just stop fighting.
The only cost was getting everyone on board with the idea. The only cost was the new lands that Gnolls had raised for Gnolls.
But the Humans weren’t really considering that. Some were already visibly excited like Etrogaer and Cortese. As for the others, they were taking the temperature of the assembly and wondering quite frankly if they could afford to miss this opportunity. So if you were Altestiel, of course you bowed to Calanfer’s politics. You had to admire the play even if you hated the game.
 
——
 
The irony of it was that Reclis was entirely cynical about this affair. Seraphel just knew it. Her father was not a man who prized land except in how it mattered. She just bet that he didn’t care if this worked. He did not necessarily dream of Calanfer gaining a colony. Perhaps he factored it into the equation, but he might not even care if they got nothing more than this agreement.
Because this was what mattered. She wondered how much Calanfer was going to send to the new world. How many Thronebearers, experienced in how you held a teacup to check for poison, were going to try and settle land no one had explored?
Whatever the case, she was sure it would be far less than the benefits to Calanfer. And that was good politics. At least, as Reclis saw it.
It was also going to work. Probably. Etrogaer had all but committed, and once you got one voice saying that Golaen was definitely on board, you got more. By the time the banquet was in swing, Calanfer had brought out the good wine, and they were toasting and giving speeches about glory.
“Ere the last of Giants walked across the sea, they stood by Golaen’s men/the horrors of the Children and the Adults thrown back and back time now and again!”
A [Bard] was singing a song of how, in ages past, Golaen’s mighty warriors had held the line against another threat. They were reciting, very plainly, each nation’s history of military might. Why not go to Izril and prove it? Which nation could stand against Kaaz’s Golden Bells?
Or their Thousand Lances?
