9.17 R
Page 11
“How could I not? Have you watched this latest development…? No? Ah, you were riding. Well, to summarize—Reporter Drassi has brought up an inequity in her pay compared to Ser Relz and Noass. Literally half their fee. A lot of the coverage is finding who dictated the terms. Whether it is Wistram or Pallass—Pallass being likely.”
“And you find it interesting because…?”
Seraphel was not fooled by her father’s attention as she sipped the drink. She made a face and pushed it back. Reclis glanced up.
“Not to your taste? ‘Coffee’. These events matter, Seraphel. Each one, from the drink to the discussions of pay between men and women—matter. They will ripple out from Izril to the world, and I would be a fool not to listen.”
“Of course. But—how exactly?”
Reclis du Marquin had on a pair of spectacles. He took them off and used vision spells when he was on the throne. When he spoke, it was absently.
“…Statistically, women do not serve in Drake hierarchies on the same ranking as most male Drakes. The same can be said of [Knights] at times, and a [Lady] can lead a battle, but rarely. In my reign, I have encouraged the Thronebearers of Calanfer to induct more female applicants. In preparation for a scandal and revolution. Perhaps it will come in my time. Perhaps not. The fact of the matter is that Calanfer should be poised to lead by example as well as words. If the upheaval is great enough. I take my clues from large reforms like [Peasant] rebellions and Golem uprisings as well as the landed revolt that formed the Five Families. If an entire gender is up in arms—Calanfer should come out the better.”
Did he think that was likely? Or was this just a low-chance idea? Either way, it dovetailed with Reclis’ belief, and it was his mission: let Calanfer endure.
Seraphel was used to these conversations, and her father was used to talking. He waved his spectacles as he polished them, again, looking at the scrying orb.
“Scrying orbs. They will have a profound impact on the world. We see it already, but I have devoted our [Bards] and [Mages] to perfecting what Wistram has begun.”
“Our own scrying network, Father? I hardly think that we can make one. It is beyond complex.”
Seraphel was amused, but Reclis shook his head.
“Not the system, Seraphel. How it is used. What people see—and how we present ourselves. Observe—Queen Yisame of Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Captured in an interview with Drassi, quite unfortunately. Observe—Jecaina of Jecrass. Transformed her nation from a casualty of the King of Destruction’s war into a political powerhouse via her poise. However, I take an even longer view. The crown—this crown must be simultaneously within this view of the public and yet carefully make sure the public sees only what we want to show. Nothing ‘live’. Calanferians should not see the Eternal Throne, but the city? Yes. Scrying orbs must not overturn the mystique or dignity of monarchy.”
He leaned on his chair, pinching the bridge of his nose, like a [Scholar] trying to unravel a secret. Or a puzzle-master attempting a difficult box of tricks. Seraphel looked at Reclis.
“If we did look poorly on camera, Father?”
He glanced up, serious. With all the passion in the world.
