9.17 R
Page 55
The street was torn up, shredded in a line, even the magical tiles scattered against the neat [Walls of Stone] that had been placed like an exit ramp on either side to stop the debris from shredding houses or hitting pedestrians. Rabbiteater ran down the street. Halfway to the gates of the city, he found a [Knight].
Well…his armor was ruined. It looked like someone had ground the entire set of Ser Gorethem’s armor against a whetstone for hours. There was a huge dent in his chest, but the man was breathing.
Rabbiteater made sure of that. The Thousand Lances’ [Knight] stared at the sky and made not a sound even when Rabbiteater waved in his face and snapped his fingers in front of Gorethem’s helmet a few times.
He left the man there, surrounded by speechless citizens. They stared back the way Rabbiteater ran towards the Eternal Throne and the trail of destruction left in Gorethem’s wake.
When he got back to the banquet hall, the fires were relit. Thronebearers, servants, and soldiers stared through the broken doors, and a single figure stood in the room as the grand fireplace relit itself.
Perhaps no one had spoken in the entire time Rabbiteater was gone. The Restful Three—the kingdoms of Terandria—were they truly taken hostage by a single stranger? If so, they did not care for this part of the story.
Ellet was hiding behind Seraphel and Aielef. Reclis and Ielane had not moved. They were watching the Drake, assessing. But the stranger saw.
He saw it all. For all hundreds of eyes fell upon him, he gazed upon the rest and saw something else.
Fear and anger were a close-run thing in the strained voice of Prince Iradoren. A flame slowly grew brighter, eating at the logs in the fireplace against the far wall. Little light came through the shuttered curtains on the balcony.
“Stranger. You invoke stories, and you are mighty indeed. Might alone will not bend any knee here. If you come to threaten and intimidate, you will find no victims. If you have come for blood, name the power you invoke. For the Hundred Families of Terandria will answer any insult.”
A cracking sound made the last words fall silent from Iradoren’s lips. But the Drake was not making any hostile gesture. A pair of wings slowly unfurled.
Wings? Rabbiteater hadn’t seen wings on his armor. But they opened, a thin membrane flexing. And the light that had gone from this room was growing brighter. As was the voice.
“I have not come to wet this soil with more blood. Nor have I come in wrath. Insult? Do not play games with me, Prince of Erribathe. Feuds and insults are a never-ending tale, a serpent that consumes itself and leaves only more grief to continue the wheel. Kaaz Dorem Laegriser should know that. I ask, and again you forget. Look at you. Do you fear me? Me?”
He stooped slightly and peered at the little [Princess] hiding behind Seraphel’s robes. Aielef and Seraphel both moved to shield her, but the Drake gave Ellet a toothy smile. She peeked at him, for his tone was not that harsh, and he chuckled.
“Do even Calanfer’s children not know how other species smile? Come now. Terandria, you continent of kingdoms. You Humans who claim to such tradition, as if the Hundred Heroes were the first who ever set foot here. Do you not remember anything? Guess. I have many names. I have many guises. Even if it were not me—think of my brothers and sisters. Who might be here?”
No one said a word, but now, Altestiel was shivering like he was a man drenched by a sudden downpour. He wasn’t willing to say it. Nor did many believe or even understand.
