9.17 R
Page 31
Good enough to have a Skill that let her remotely manipulate the door latch through the window. A low-grade telekinesis. Someone had trained this [Thief].
…But she was still in Calanfer. So what was interesting to him was not so much her theft of the Goblin’s helmet, which he might have objected to. He was really curious how she was going to get out of this one.
The [Thief] had just raised the latch when the blowing curtains on the balcony shifted. She looked sideways, and Dame Vensha swung.
The blade would have beheaded the [Thief]. She didn’t react fast enough, but even as her eyes were widening, she ducked. It was an automatic reaction. Teriarch saw the [Thief] roll out of the way as Vensha lifted the blade and prepared for a thrust, but she was already running for the balcony.
Nor was that her Skill. [Plan: Emergency Dodge]. 
Interesting. There were no less than six people in the gardens who’d been watching the [Thief]. Minders. Her team saw the Thronebearer appear and then a dozen others leap out of the shrubbery.
“Thronebearers! We’re made! Get to the escape route!”
A worried voice called out, muffled by a hood. Instantly, a pair of figures drew enchanted blades and began fighting with the Thronebearers coming at them. They fell back instantly; the Thronebearers weren’t the best fighters, but these were anti-criminal specialists.
[Preferred Enemy: Rogues]. But whomever this [Mastermind] or [Plotter] was, they’d hired good backup. Teriarch cast [Appraisal], and it failed.
“[Greater Appraisal]. Whoops.”
He shuffled sideways, fanning his wings, as Dame Vensha leapt from the balcony after the [Thief]. She was fleeing with her escort. Teriarch’s eyes narrowed.
“Aha. [Storm Sailors]. No, wait. What does that mean? ”
He eyed the cloaked figures holding off the Thronebearers. Then the [Thief].
“Interesting leg. Interesting Skill.”
Now it all made sense. She was good, but Dame Vensha nearly had her—until the [Thief]’s escape turned into a blaze of speed and crackling light. She blasted past the Thronebearers, who gave chase. No wonder they couldn’t catch her. She might not be on the level she needed to be—but that Skill was. He wondered how she’d gotten it.
Five minutes later, a sleepy Goblin stumbled to the balcony in full armor and looked around. He stared at the empty garden, back at Meisa, and grumbled.
“Weird.”
He could have sworn he heard something.
 
——
 
The following day, Calanfer was abuzz with gossip. Not just because the Eternal Throne was going to announce a proposition for the gathered nations, but because word had spread about the passionate duels going on in secret.
“‘Duels’ is a fine word for it. I should like to see Kaaz’s nobles have a sack put over their head and be beat about with sticks!”
Ser Markus rubbed at his copious bruises as he scarfed down food. Redfang training left you with a tremendous appetite. Rabbiteater nodded as he grumpily sucked soup through a straw. He could and did ask for food in his rooms, but he missed the social aspect of it.
Altestiel just chuckled as he rubbed at one shoulder. He felt his older age and was envious of the younger men and women.
“I believe they would enjoy that.”
“Earl! I object!”
Cortese began to stand up, and Altestiel threw a breakfast bun at him. It bounced off Lady Menrise’s helmet, and the lion, Baeris, chased after it. Altestiel instantly flushed, but Lady Menrise put her hands to her helmet’s sides as if they were cheeks.
“Oh dear, Earl Altestiel. You flirt so directly. Is all of Desonis like that?”
