9.17 R
Page 19
Rabbiteater gave her a thumbs-up. Talia gasped in outrage, but the casual confidence was infectious. The Goblin peered at Telleis.
“You’re pretty good with a sword?”
“Moderately, Ser Knight. Shall we find a dueling ground?”
“I as well! I wished to test myself against Ser Solstice—come, Altestiel. No backing out of it.”
“Oh dear. Well—if everyone’s going—”
Seraphel looked like she was as interested as Lady Menrise, who was delighted to see Rabbiteater fighting. And then the almost-remembered [Lord], Charles, tried to stride forwards.
“I say! If we are talking about silver bells—”
One jangled noisily as he halted. Rabbiteater, Talia, Greina, Telleis, and all the others turned back. Charles stood, posing to show off the rapier and silver bell at his side. That bell had once belonged to Pisces Jealnet.
Not that anyone here could have known it. Charles waited for something, and the Princess of Samal coughed into one hand, looking as politely reserved as her people were. Rabbiteater was more direct. He peered at Charles’ feet, the way he held himself, and nodded.
“Where’d you get that? Give it back.”
The [Lord] went white as Duchess Greina laughed, and he was still standing there minutes after they left. Then his rage knew no bounds, and Rabbiteater had made a great enemy!
Too bad Ser Solstice didn’t even know his name.
 
——
 
On the dueling courts, Talia Kallinad had to admit—Rabbiteater was one of the better [Knights] around. Even before he had leveled up, he had been good.
The Redfang Goblins trained their warriors as well as, well, a [Knight]-Order. A ridiculous concept that Talia would never admit, even in her mind, but Rabbiteater had carried his training through countless battles. So the Goblin that arrived at the Order of Seasons’ keep had already been far past the level of Ser Markus and the Spring Knights.
Now? He was no Named-rank Adventurer. He was not Ser Greysten’s rival when the other used his full aura in battle or even a match for Earl Altestiel’s full range of Skills.
Indeed, the [Earl] had won against Hundredlord Cortese in a duel that had carried them into five dueling pits and only beaten the charging Hundredlord with a jet of water. Cortese had a longsword and dagger and, like a lion, stalked forwards in endless, rapid attacks.
Altestiel could conjure tidal waves. As matchups went…he was [Knight Marshal of the Rains], Desonis’ great marshal of battle.
Rabbiteater stood one rung below Altestiel. He had bested the Dame of the Hills, yes, with a blessing, and yes, with her trying not to kill him. But he had also beaten Ailendamus’ [Generals] in combat.
He had leveled, had two auras—but mostly? What the renowned Princess Telleis and Duchess Greina found was—
He really didn’t fight fair.
The Princess of Samal used a keyblade to fight in the old Samallian dueling style of fencing. It had different ‘keystrokes’ and a school of locks—which was their way of categorizing styles. It was an annoyingly technical school that focused on fast heel-turns and lightning redirects, attacking from angles.
She was better than some Silver-bell duelists, and that was a category even Gold-ranks fell into. Telleis was blessed with height, reach, and natural ability.
But she had, possibly, never in all her duels and exploits, had someone throw dirt in her face. Rabbiteater even did it sneakily. He was using a practice-sword, and she had a practice rapier as well, non-bloody. His shield-hand had over-extended to try and bash her rapier down. A bad move—until he dropped the shield and flicked dust up in her face.
“[Automatic Parry]!”
