9.17 R
Page 15
He had seen the same look on Seraphel’s face across every species and identity. Even his own face. But he had also known rulers like Reclis du Marquin.
So here was the irony for you. If you scorned Reclis—remember this. Though neither father nor daughter would appreciate it, Reclis’ very approach to ruling, his morality and conscience that dictated how he led Calanfer?
It was much like Fetohep of Khelt’s. Only, the mirror that reflected the two varied the outcome between life and death, and the kingdom that had been bequeathed to Fetohep was far different than the Calanfer of now.
At any rate, the Dragon was busy inspecting the rest of the palace. He stalked through the halls, still fuming enough that he tripped up the Thronebearer striding after Seraphel.
That arrogant Wyrm. Teriarch had lingered long enough in Ailendamus to have a few more deeply unpleasant meetings. But he’d done what he could, and he was on his way back home when it occurred to him that he really hadn’t seen the Eternal Throne since he’d helped give it away.
He’d been really unhappy about the donuts. Fortunately, he, at least, could cure his problems. And he was biding his time.
A Goblin in a suit of armor. That’s not going to cause a fuss. Nor will I.
This was known as irony. Also, lying. Teriarch rubbed his hands together. Then he finally found that damn [Thief].
There you are. His eyes narrowed as he saw someone slip out of a room. A very plain…oh, not so plain. The Dragon raised his brows. She was doing a good job looking like a [Maid], but the Thronebearers were on high alert.
Doubtless, she had figured out when she had an opening and somehow bypassed Calanfer’s magical locks. She might have gotten away with it, despite the Thronebearers checking the servants and each other. Wonderfully subtle shoes with the tiniest compartment of holding. And she could probably remove it and hide it if she were searched.
Yes, she might have really stuffed one of Tourvecall’s amulets into its hiding place if she hadn’t tripped, gone sprawling, and the first Thronebearer that Teriarch had tripped up then spotted her.
“Thief!”
The [Knight] roared, and the young woman turned white. She had a commendable sprint, and Teriarch decided to let it go at that. If she got up to her tricks? Well, justice had been served. He pointed at her back.
“[Crippling Indigestion].”
The Dragon dusted off his claws, then decided to get back to prepping for his big moment. He had to time it carefully. There had to be…gravitas. Theming. And besides, not all the big players were there. The last of the Restful Three…he sighed, and his face soured.
He hated the Kingdom of Myth, Erribathe, more than most places in this world. More than Khelt or Germina. Or even A’ctelios Salash?
…No, less than A’ctelios Salash. But there was a reason. Ah, it was like Calanfer itself. Teriarch sighed as he walked on.
Glory, faded. Memory and regret and…
Visions. Ghosts. At least, the Dragon reflected, he wasn’t the only one who had seen them.
 
——
 
Ser Markus and Meisa retired quickly after visiting the Eternal Throne. Which was astonishing to Talia, because she couldn’t stop shaking with excitement. Rabbiteater embarrassing her or not, it had been a wondrous time.
Not least because of all the people she had met! The rare nobility from distant kingdoms were one thing, but even Talia had felt a bit star-struck when some of the nobles started introducing themselves.
