9.17 R
Page 16
“[Duchess] Greina of Noelictus and [Key Princess] Telleis of Samal! Two of the most combat-ready of the Hundred Family’s nobility. If Princess Ozena were here, that would be the three top-leveled bachelorettes in Terandria!”
…Mind you, some people had to be odd about it. Talia glanced sideways at Ser Lorell, one of the Summer Knights who’d gone to fight against Belavierr at Riverfarm. A good man, if not a close friend of Rabbiteater or one who had taken as well to the revelation. Currently?
“Mind your drool, Ser Lorell.”
The man colored and gave Talia a reproachful look.
“You may slander me at your peril, Talia. Or did I not catch you introducing yourself to Earl Altestiel? And remarking on the Lord of the Dance?”
She turned red as well, and both of them represented the Summer in all its…fiery dignity.
“It hardly hurts to introduce oneself, Lorell.”
“And I am allowed to dream, Talia. Even if a man such as myself would not be looked twice at with all the competition…”
Lorell went back to admiring the people emerging from the Eternal Throne. The [King] and [Queen] had already left, but the other first-time guests lingered. Even they looked impressed, and in turn, failed to realize they were stars akin to, well…
Wil. Talia could not believe how many people had come up to her to tell her they’d seen his adventures at sea. Wil! The shy younger brother who’d gone off to the Titan’s school had somehow surpassed her.
She was a mix of fond affection and exasperation with him. Although, he was a credit to the family. Enough so that she could smile as a [Lord] walked out of the Eternal Throne’s chambers.
“Why, Lord Corrost du Havrington. Good day, sir! I was entirely grief-stricken to hear the marriage between our families failed to go through. How is Lady Cassicel taking the news?”
A [Lord] froze, and a man with a sharp, hawk-like face and glare like thunder sketched a bow to Talia.
“Dame Talia. It was entirely regrettable that your father broke off the marriage. I am afraid I cannot comment on Havrington affairs.”
He stormed off, and Lorell raised his brows.
“What was that in aid of? You seldom snipe at anyone, Talia.”
“Entirely deserved, Lorell. Havrington are mongrels. We were going to marry and make peace—but it turns out they were trying to embarrass the entire family. My younger brother helped discover that, actually. We owe the Titan of Baleros a favor.”
“Which would have been worse?”
Talia chuckled darkly.
“Oh, having to smile at Havrington and invite them as family? Definitely the former. Oh, look. There’s your [Duchess]. Any signs of, er, Earl Altestiel? I was hoping I could invite him to a game of chess. I did play Wil a lot, you know.”
Lorell peered with great interest at the Noelictus group. Who, as it turned out, were mingling with Samal’s Kingdom of Keys. In fact, the friendship revolved around the two young women.
Duchess Greina and Princess Telleis. Such an odd pair to see together. Well, both were famous, but Talia really didn’t see what Lorell saw in Greina.
She was as short as Telleis was tall. Also, more heavyset—it was rumored she had Dwarf blood in her immediate parentage, or perhaps it was simply her heritage. She did not appear like Telleis, who was what many [Ladies] aspired to. Tall, even lanky, and walking with the Kingdom of Keys’ distinctive type of sword with a key-like handle attached to the blade.
Nevertheless, the [Duchess] was…impressive, Talia had to own. Talia was a [Summer Knight] and a consummate warrior. Noelictus’ [Duchess], by contrast?
