9.17 R
Page 6
Princess Seraphel had found Lady Menrise of Tourvecall but had hesitated over approaching her. Altestiel was one thing, but would the lady of the reclusive, masked and helmeted Kingdom of Incantations really want to associate with Seraphel afterwards?
She was the Cursed Princess, after all. And Tourvecall was a hard nation even for Calanfer to get a read on. The helmets really didn’t help.
For instance, a [Lady] who was speaking to Menrise had a fishbowl on her head. No, that wasn’t a joke. The inside was closed off, but there was a glass exterior section where several fish were swimming about. This was the largest helmet of Tourvecall’s folk to contain the entire aquarium, and by that metric, Rabbiteater assumed she was in charge. The [Lady] even fed the fish with little sprinkles of food now and then via a hatch on the top of the tank.
The [Lady] was also lecturing Menrise, who was looking at the shimmering dais below her, gloved hands held in front of her. Seraphel winced as she heard the conversation.
“—the most shameful display, Menrise. Jumping off the Skybridge? Nevermind your acquaintanceship—the decorum of Tourvecall rests on us.”
“I’m sorry.”
Seraphel wanted to interject, to protest, but she knew it might make things worse. The [Lady] continued haughtily.
“Much less talking about any—issues—in the bathrooms—it is not to be brought up. Calanfer is already embarrassed; do not compound the issue, is that clear?”
“Yes, Mother. I understand, Mother.”
The fishbowl [Lady] paused, and Seraphel looked at Menrise. She had seen—for a second—the woman’s face after they’d emerged from their brown caves.
A pale face, so translucent you could see her veins in detail. If she had been a [Princess] of Calanfer, Ielane would have made her wear illusion spells. Eyes a bit too wide to be natural. A crooked tooth in a smile. But her eyes flashed with magic that moved even when her pupils did not, like a nimbus of green sparks.
Another prisoner of a cage, only hers was actual enchanted metal. For all that—she had jumped off the Skybridge after Rabbiteater and Altestiel! She had something Seraphel wanted.
Something Rabbiteater had told her—then her great ancestor, Marquin.
Do something. Anything.
But had she actually seen the ghosts? Standing in the Eternal Throne was a wonder, but not of the same kind as a thousand [Kings] of Terandria taking the field. Even now, Seraphel wondered…and she had been there. It was the folly of Humans to doubt their own sanity. Or maybe that protected them from the things creeping up in their head.
That day had changed everything. Khelt had declared a war to end things. And yet…here she was, back home, waiting for her next marriage.
Seraphel supposed she had hoped, privately, that the Eternal Throne had exploded or something would have changed it all for her. Because belief was harder without constant proof and vindication.
As for Menrise—the older [Lady] went on after a moment.
“I expect you to at least mingle with your newfound acquaintances.”
She hadn’t spotted Seraphel, and the [Princess] was happy to bail Menrise out. The [Spellbound Lady] bowed lower, and a few servants, Thronebearers, and even other nobility were watching out of the corners of their eyes.
“I’ll do that, Mother. I promise.”
The second time, the [Lady] paused—and then she leaned forwards and hissed. The fish swam about, agitated, as the water in her fishbowl head turned ochre-red.
“Would you stop calling me ‘mother’? People are getting the entirely wrong impression, Menrise!”
“Sorry, Mom.”
