9.17 R
Page 54
The banquet hall quaked. Rabbiteater felt an explosion of mist and rain strike him like a slap to his face. He held his ground, tensing, as people ducked and the remnants of two tables went crashing into the far wall.
It was like a tidal wave striking a beach. When Rabbiteater saw the water stop falling, he expected to see a dead Drake. If you knew the story, like the Earthers, they expected to see a headless figure, kept alive by mysterious magic, vowing to return the blow in a month’s time.
What they saw was—a Drake. His scales were wet. His eyes were looking down at the greatsword, trembling, the edge of that krakenbone blade resting against his armguard.
It was unscratched. He looked up and with a delicate claw, pushed the greatsword down. Then his eyes began to glow.
“In another time, boy, I would have been cut. Sometimes. The story is the lesson.”
Ser Gorethem’s arms were shaking from the backlash. He stepped back, and someone—Cortese—made a strangled sound.
No one spoke as Ser Gorethem, panting, lowered his greatsword. He just dropped it. Then he stood as the Drake paced around him. This time, he faced Ser Gorethem so his back was to the audience in the banquet hall. Angling, as if choosing the exact spot.
“Strike your worst, stranger. I have taken your challenge, and I will not flinch.”
Gorethem looked pained, like a man facing…what? Perhaps he did hope this was a game, a story from out of legend now.
In reply, the Drake neither took out a sword nor spoke. He held up two claws, made a square, stepped just a hair left, and then nodded. He reached out—and poked the man in the chest with a claw.
Dink.
Silence. Then, someone began laughing. Ser Markus laughed as the Drake stood back. Everyone’s head turned his way, and then a chuckle rose uncertainly. But the Drake just sighed. Ser Gorethem stared at him.
“That was surely not your blow, stranger.”
The Drake raised a brow. He looked at Markus pointedly, and the man fell silent. The Drake snapped his claws.
“Of course not. [Body of Diamond]. That was for you.”
“For…?”
The Drake drew back a claw and made a fist. Rabbiteater saw the windup, lazy, like the swing, but it came faster and faster, and when it hit—
He didn’t think it was the Drake who hit Ser Gorethem. There was the briefest of moments between the impact and the fist appearing to strike the chest. Almost like that was an illusion.
But Rabbiteater really didn’t think on that for a while. Because he was trying to find Ser Gorethem. He tottered forwards on unsteady legs, his ears ringing. The rest of the banquet hall was silent or picking themselves up. But Rabbiteater?
He walked out of the corridor, following the hole in the banquet doors that had swung shut behind the Drake. The enchanted wood was smashed inwards, and one hung ajar. Rabbiteater saw the unconscious servants and [Knights], neatly piled up away from the trail of—
Destruction. Smashed stone. And still—the Goblin started running—
He didn’t see a sign of…
Rabbiteater came to an open window. Well, an open section of the corridor. Bits of stone were falling out the hole in the walls. He stared out the window.
There was an almost perfect shot to the Skybridge, he realized. And down the main street of Calanfer’s city. If you went through this wall. And that building. And that ground floor.
Amazingly, all of them had been evacuated. Almost like someone had calculated the exact path a bouncing body would go flying. Rabbiteater stared across Calanfer.
