9.17 R
Page 39
After the soldiers came robed [Mages]. Humans and half-Elves, striding along, carrying tomes and staves. They had enough magic that Menrise murmured in astonishment. And like the soldiers—they stood apart.
Representatives of a different group. Now, Seraphel saw the subtle insignias that varied on the [Soldiers]’ armor and the [Mages]’ robes. She could not pick them out, nor did she have time to.
Another faction had emerged, unlike the other three. Here came Briganda’s folk, if Rabbiteater had known the [Shieldmaiden] and from where her class emerged. He saw helms and armor akin to Cenidau’s garb and shielded warriors on foot, carrying long axes. They were followed by giant dogs, not as large as Carn Wolves, but armored and padding along, sniffing the air.
Dogs, not wolves. Then Rabbiteater saw the heart of the procession arriving, and his heart skipped a beat. For, flanking the Humans who walked bare-headed, carrying long spears and tower shields despite the weight, were light-footed folk with pointed ears.
Half-Elves. Like the nation of Gaiil-Drome. Then—Rabbiteater looked up and saw a figure riding under a bough of leaves, held aloft to protect him from the sun. Two figures.
The [Prince], Iradoren, his hair blowing in the wind. Light, auburn brown crossed with the red that Terandria called royal. His eyes were faintly golden, but what was really golden was his companion’s hair.
The Human man rode with his wife. A half-Elven woman, staring ahead, eyes finding Seraphel and the company on the bridge. They rode on a pair of white horses, stallion and mare.
Perhaps now you saw it. Certainly, you felt it. The company of different Humans was marching through the city, and the polite cheers spurred by Thronebearers fell silent as they passed. Men and women looked up as they lined the streets. Children gazed up, and babies fell silent.
Then they knelt.
Not all of them. Some held their ground, like Seraphel, Altestiel, Menrise, and Cortese. But the urge was there. Rabbiteater did not, but he had not the feeling the Humans did. Even Thronebearers knelt—and the gaze of the [Prince] swept over the crowd like crackling energy. Only after he passed did people get up and that cheer began again, spontaneous and wild.
That was how it felt. A surge in the bones. Inspiration in the mind. And that company was vast. No wonder the palace had to be emptied!
Here came a cluster of Dwarves, walking proudly behind masked strangers armed in cloth, garb smelling faintly of mist and strange, mountainous homes. Yet beneath those masks they were Human.
On the [Prince] rode, and now—now it was a realization pressing at Rabbiteater’s mind. He alone, out of his company, felt it.
Perhaps the Naga did—and the Gnolls and Drakes and other species in the city. Of a surety, the Dragon knew.
Whether you were half-Elf or Dwarf, you would know this [Prince] and his kingdom, the Kingdom of Myth, by his sheer presence. His class was as old as the founding of his kingdom. A promise that unified the different tribes and factions behind the royal line.
Tradition, which Terandria loved. Like the marriage between half-Elf and Human. That was so old that even when half-Elves had made their kingdoms of old, Erribathe had been spared their wrath. They were Dwarf friends, and while they married half-Elves—the royal line was still Human.
Practically unheard of anywhere in this world. But that was the nature of the class. Just like their rulers shared a bit of immortality with the half-Elves by that old pact—that was why the Goblin shuddered.
