9.17 R
Page 20
She deflected his thrust, and Rabbiteater blinked. She had combined the first Skill with a second one! [Disarming Parry] knocked the sword out of his hand. What a trick! He grinned, saw Telleis leap back, and jumped forwards and booted her as hard as he could in the stomach. When she recoiled, he punched her in the face.
The Goblin might have continued—although Telleis was swinging her sword in a defensive pattern—when Talia and Lorell grabbed him.
“Ser Solstice! You can’t offer bodily violence to—”
Lorell cried out until Duchess Greina’s glare and aura nearly pulled him off the Goblin. Rabbiteater looked miffed.
“Why not? Oh, right. Chivalry. You can look the other way? Dame Voost never gets hit when you duel her.”
“Even so, to strike barehanded is—”
“A novel way of fighting. Unhand Ser Solstice, please? I fear I’ve learned a valuable lesson about fighting.”
Telleis held her stomach as a horrified servant raced over with a potion. She waved it aside, looking embarrassed. Rabbiteater picked up his sword and shook his head at Samal’s horrified crowd.
“No wonder you got kicked. Tsk, tsk.”
Altestiel was laughing his head off. He was easily amused. Seraphel was horrified, but she watched as Telleis ducked her head.
“Few opponents have the gall to do that, Ser Solstice. And—I might add—few are as quick as you! I have dueled [Martial Artists].”
The Goblin shrugged. He was using his Skills and feeling fired-up after bathing in the light of the Eternal Throne. Which reminded him—his smile grew wider under his helmet.
His new Skill.
“Want to try again? This time, I’ll be not-nice.”
Telleis’ answer was to salute him and back up, wary.
“At your leisure, ser.”
“Careful, Telleis!”
Greina called out. Rabbiteater lowered himself as his shield and sword came back up. He concentrated. He had been in armor all day…but this time, he felt like the sheer amount of light in the Eternal Throneroom had done something to him.
[Body: Solar Storage].
He charged at Telleis in a blur, threw his shield out in a [Giant’s Parry], and caught air. She touched his shoulder with a clang that made half of Samal’s folk jump up.
“Point!”
“Shut up!”
Rabbiteater shouted at them. He whirled, slashed, and saw her cut in a [Ninety Degree Instep]. Rabbiteater’s response?
[Shield Ram]! Once again, his shield came up, and Telleis sidestepped the ram—only to see him pivot.
[Long Backstep]. He moved left, turning and backing up, but she stepped with him. They hadn’t swung their blades once that entire time. They were just angling for—
Aura of the Brave. He was pushing at her, and she was pushing back. Her aura smashed his aside, hoping to knock him off-balance, and Telleis blinked.
She ran into a second aura. And was reminded, for a moment, of sitting and turning her first key in the lock of her room. Home and hearth and—
“[Grand Slash].”
He went for her in the middle of the backstep. The sword came along, impossibly wide, a cleaving blow that crossed the entire practice court. And she—
[School — Countless Keys: Skill-locking Slash].
She cut his Skill! The Goblin staggered, had no idea what she was doing, and went for a second slash.
[Steelcut Sunder]!
He carved towards her blade, and she stepped back—and returned back as his sword missed her.
[Feint Dodge].
It was a whirlwind of high-level Skills. And Rabbiteater had just run out of almost all of his slashes. He had [Lightsoaked Armaments] left and [Mistreach Cut]—and she’d seen both.
