9.17 R
Page 60
“If need be, the fleet to end all fleets shall cross The Last Tide and seek truth at the end of the world. But I promise you this: Rhir. Perhaps the innocent shall flee. But a day will come when the sons and daughters of Terandria will sail to that blasted continent and put an end to Rhir’s nightmare for good. A long dream for a sin older than Rhir. The coming war will burn nations to ash. It will break all chains. Horrors lying buried in the sands shall be put to sleep for good. On that day…”
He closed his eyes, and a terrible smile crossed his face. Gentle enough to make Ellet burst into tears, and sharp enough to cut the Summer Champion’s heart.
“I swear to you on that day, the Dragonward Bells shall ring. One last time.”
The promise rang through the Eternal Throne and the banquet hall, and there were no words to follow it. The Dragon’s shadow grew larger—then it flickered out. Leaving only a tired Drake and a promise.
But like the ghosts and visions—they believed. Rabbiteater thought no moment could surpass that, and probably none could. The Drake drew his sword and planted it in the table in front of him. King Reclis leaned back as Teriarch looked down at him.
“So. Calanfer proposes a journey to new lands, eh?”
“Eh. Indeed.”
Reclis managed. Teriarch’s eyes were kinder, now, his vow said. Almost relaxed. But in a sense—he felt more of himself now. For his great promise was spoken—but there was always more for a Dragon. So he chose these words with as much care as the others.
“Then I shall have you back your promises with more than casual effort, esteemed guests. If you are to do this, know the secret to levelling. Passion. Throw yourselves across the ocean by sheer will of it.”
The mortal guests of the banquet hall looked at him. Powerful nations, all. Being invited to Izril by a legend as old as their thrones? Who could be upset?
Well—how about the Naga from Baleros? How about the Five Families? Because, at this, Lady Cosoi Reinhart had to break in. She was very pale as she called out because her family did not have a good relationship with Dragons historically.
Oh, how little she knew. But she did speak.
“I say—I say! Are we, the children of Izril, supposed to take this lightly?”
Teriarch swung his head to her, and she hesitated, but the Five Families were nodding, so Cosoi looked around.
“It is our home! No continent has a better claim than those who have lived and died on Izril.”
“Barely a mayfly’s time compared to the Drakes and Gnolls.”
One of Kaaz’s nobles snorted, and Cosoi resolved to give him a bowel movement that he would never forget if the chance arose. However, her eyes were on Teriarch.
“What is our reward, pray, noble Dragon, for being invaded?”
She meant the Five Families, not the Drakes or Gnolls. But in answer, the Drake just bared his teeth.
“Who said there is nothing for you? I will see you back on Izril. Give Terandria its moment now, Lady of House Reinhart.”
She started, compressed her lips, then bowed as graciously as possible. Well, now, that changed a lot.
The Dragon turned back to the crowd. His head found the guests, Iradoren, Etrogaer, and the representatives of Avel, Noelictus, Desonis, and more. Duchess Greina, Princess Telleis—and he called out.
“So I ask before all here: who will go to Izril and seek the Crossroads? Who will dare to meet every species in peace and strife and reach out across Terandria’s shores?”
He turned and looked around. Now, he was waiting. He did not have to wait long. Hundredlord Cortese leapt to his feet.
