9.17 R
Page 24
Aielef’s voice wobbled. Seraphel instantly agreed.
“Shardele. Obviously. She—she revealed the third kitchen and nearly got me and Vernoue in the lobster water just yesterday.”
“That vacuous bitch.”
Aielef sniffed, wiped at her eyes, and saw Seraphel looking away. The [Princesses] exchanged another glance, and Seraphel almost thought she saw Aielef. In a way—she had known less of Aielef than Rabbiteater. But before Seraphel could say anything more—
“I say, is everyone practicing at this late hour? What’s going on—Your Highnesses.”
Seraphel’s heart sank. Aielef tried to hide behind the practice dummy, but it was too late.
More visitors had come to avail themselves of the lit indoor courts. And so Seraphel and Aielef turned to meet—Dame Talia and several [Summer Knights], including the famous Dame Voost, the great swordswoman of the Order of Seasons. Also, Ser Markus and Dame Meisa and Rabbiteater. Both groups were independent, and, in fact, joined by Princess Telleis and Hundredlord Cortese and a number of martially-minded nobles, possibly to practice in secret to defeat Rabbiteater.
All of them had come here after the banquet. And all of them saw Aielef and Seraphel and…Rabbiteater pointed at Aielef. The [Princess] of Calanfer froze as the Goblin chuckled in his visor.
“Your form sucks.”
Aielef turned pale and ducked her head. Seraphel swung around, and the Seraphel of old, the 4th Princess of Calanfer came out.
Not Seraphel the Diligent or Seraphel the Brave as some of the [Bards] wanted to rebrand her. This was Seraphel the Sharp-Tongued, sister to Calanfer’s [Princesses].
Also, Seraphel of the Right-Handed Slap.
Her ghostly hand passed straight through Rabbiteater’s visor and encountered a cheek. A—cheek? She felt skin, not scales or fur. Was he actually Human—?
The slap made Rabbiteater stagger. Then Seraphel jerked her hand back.
“Ser Solstice, I—”
Thronebearers appeared, interposing themselves between the Goblin Slayer and Seraphel as he staggered. Rabbiteater rubbed at his face as the others exclaimed. He looked up as Seraphel breathed hard.
“Ow.”
“Don’t—don’t make fun of her.”
Aielef was looking at her younger sister, wide-eyed. Seraphel stood there and saw the Goblin Slayer raise his helmet. He looked at her as Markus, Meisa, and Talia all grabbed him in case he tried punching a [Princess]. The Goblin looked around and then, annoyed, pointed at Aielef again. Half the Thronebearers tensed, but all Rabbiteater did was crook his finger.
“Don’t hold your sword like that. Let me through, and I’ll show you how to hold it. And kick someone in the balls. Works even if they don’t have them.”
The Thronebearers stirred. Rabbiteater adjusted his helmet and gave Seraphel a long look. Then another thumbs-up.
“Nice trick. Next time, use a dagger? Powerful Skill.”
He tried to step forwards, but a Thronebearer blocked him with one arm. One of Ielane’s hand-picked guards.
Dame Vensha. A name the entire royal family knew and feared. That was to say—high-level, capable of ordering [Princesses] around, and female. A tough old woman, so there wasn’t a chance of impropriety.
She scared Seraphel almost as much as Ielane. And her voice was polite, but firm.
“Princess Aielef was amusing herself, Ser Solstice. I pray you, forget this moment for the dignity of Calanfer’s crown. She is not aiming towards any warrior class.”
It sounded like an echo of Ielane. Aielef ducked her head, and Rabbiteater peered at the arm in front of him.
“Wow. I knew Thronebearers were good, but you can even read Aielef’s mind. Your [Throw Voice] Skill sucks, though.”
