9.17 R
Page 1
Not so for this one. There was only one throne. This had been built for the first Dragonlord of Dawn, who declared himself Dragonking. Well, he had died, but no one had seen fit to change the throne’s design.
Despite that—what halted the literal thousands of Humans, mortals, even the Goblin [Knight] in their tracks as they were admitted entrance today—was the nature of this throne. For all his folly, the Dragonking, Raendersolis, had chosen a unique setting.
If you looked out of Teriarch’s lonely throne, you could see a world of brilliant clouds. Pink skies; an endless vista shimmering with green and red on alien horizons. As a girl, Magnolia had once said when he first showed it to her—a truly magical world.
But that was all. The space ‘only’ extended ten miles in every direction. Pure, unfilled space. No bottom, no sides. If you flew in any direction, you would loop back on yourself. It was impossible to die of falling unless you landed on the Dragonthrone. One time, hilariously, a child had fallen for six hours straight until someone noticed him looping through the sky. That had been—
Ah. Well.
The Brass Dragon looked across the Eternal Throne and saw a difference of opinions. For this Dragonthrone had no great marble dais. Instead, as you walked through those doors, you saw a strange substance like glass underfoot.
Like a perfect circle; a dais of crystal and light. It floated in the air with neither supports nor logic. Some found it so disturbing they could not take a step forwards, but most were too busy looking at everything else.
The Eternal Throne was filled with such daises, which floated, controlled by whomever sat on the throne. Right now, they were forming a vast circle, and Calanfer’s court would speak and stand, always looking up at that throne. But if ever they should look away from that shining platform or stop climbing the stairs of light that connected platform to platform, they would see the true reason so many called the Eternal Throne a wonder.
Teriarch sighed as he bowed along with the [Knights] and courtiers of a dozen kingdoms. Even the most arrogant stopped if this were the first time seeing it.
 
——
 
The stars. Of all the things Rabbiteater expected, it was not stars. He walked through the doors to his audience with the rulers of Calanfer, wondering if he would hate it and why Greysten said he had to visit.
Then—he was standing among stars. The Goblin looked around as he rose and felt like he was floating in the night sky.
“Dead gods.”
Markus whispered, and even sound was different here. The walls and floor were gone. Gravity felt…weaker. Rabbiteater did an experimental hop and nearly leapt off the side of the dais he was on.
A Thronebearer caught the Goblin and steadied him.
“Careful, Ser Knight. The Eternal Throne does have protective spells, but one can fall and be quite—disoriented. Pray, do not leap or run here.”
Rabbiteater nodded, then looked around again. Everyone was staring about, wide-eyed, and he could not blame them.
It was beautiful. So beautiful it hurt his heart, and he saw more than one person was misty-eyed.
There were some places in the world, like the High Passes, where, on a perfect night without clouds or above the cloud layer, you could look up and see the sky. Not just one or two stars, but countless brilliant lights. The same was true of Earth—but those places were harder to find with so many competing lights polluting the sky.
