9.17 R
Page 62
There. I said it. Now, I’ll never make it. But at least I can say I tried. 
Tears ran down her cheeks. Because she just knew what was coming next.
Queen Ielane and King Reclis had realized what she was trying to do in that moment. Ielane couldn’t well stop Seraphel so obviously by holding her mouth shut—but she could still salvage a bad situation.
Which was with an apologetic laugh. A distressed one, to indicate that Seraphel was swept up and making promises that, obviously, she didn’t have the authority for. Reclis would, in turn, promise the Eternal Throne would put its support behind the effort but that Seraphel was spoken for, hinting at a marriage.
Before rumors spread, they took a loss to avoid this blunder. Ielane raised a hand to her mouth to crush her daughter’s dreams. She opened her mouth—and nothing came out.
“——”
The [Queen] blinked. She tried again, but her mouth didn’t move, and no one noticed her amidst all the cheers and exclamations. Reclis was giving her the urgent side-eye—now was the moment. She knew that. But why…?
Ielane’s mouth moved again, then she tried to rise urgently. But she couldn’t. Someone was holding her down. Ever-so-gently. Just like he held her mouth closed, or rather, the words inside.
She looked up, and a single eye of heliotrope found her. A Dragon nodded to Seraphel, and Reclis tried to speak. To rise. But the Dragon innocently blocked the words from coming out. It wasn’t much, he liked to lie.
Just a few words. A bit of hope for a girl. He looked at Seraphel, staring at her immobile parents, and remembered why he liked to wake up in the mornings. A tearstained face swung towards him, and he bowed. Time he was off.
Perhaps they would never remember this day. Perhaps, in the years to come, they would forget him as surely as he might forget some of them, no matter how hard he tried. But for now—[Princess] Seraphel du Marquin shed a bunch of tears as Rabbiteater and her friends approached and began to tease her gently.
A Dragon came to Calanfer’s Eternal Throne. Gently, as he set everything aflurry and aflame as he was wont to do, he pried a few bars loose. Then he left, and a [Princess] followed thereafter, looking around and blinking in the light.
As for the Goblin? He just laughed and laughed, because in the end?
He really was going home.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I ran out of gas during the writing of this chapter. Which I hate to do because I usually manage my energy well. But sometimes it happens and I only hate it because it’s a sign my writing quality goes down.
Unfortunately, it was in the big, important moments. I will have time to edit, although I note that this 2-day writing isn’t really reducing word count. Let me just check how much it is before the third day of edits?
…36,000 words in two days. Yup, yup. I’m not reducing the goalposts, I’m just kicking the same goals and uh, also editing. I don’t have a soccer analogy for that. Or football.
I don’t care. I’m done! I hope you like it. I like writing, I just have very poor self-management. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m sore, I’m hallucinating bugs or monsters out of the corner of my eye, and I will see you later. Did you think this was a good side story poll? Let me know how you liked this and see you next chapter!
 
Xrn, Rabbit Poo, and Valeterisa and Mons by Brack!
DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/shurkin/gallery/
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/brack
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Brack_Giraffe
  
 
Rabbiteater by Kalmia!


Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/kalmiayarn
Etsy: https://www.etsy.com/shop/GoodLongYarn


 
 
