9.17 R
Page 58
“…yes. Names are such dangerous things. The consequences of revealing myself do not come to mind lightly. Forgive me, those gathered here. I am old, now. If I give you no names nor titles, it is because they have no point. I did not come to be lauded. Nor to rule or seek authority. I came simply to show you that this world has not yet worn the last of us from this earth.”
Greysten’s voice was shaking.
“I invite you to Pheislant, Ser. Rest your bones in the Order of Seasons’ keep or wherever you please. Even if you seek no leadership, your very words are wisdom enough.”
“Are they?”
Flicker. A third Dragon folded his wings, his scales not just dark but voids of light. Xarkouth, his image, looked down at those who had inherited his people’s Dragonthrone. Grand and small. He prowled left and right restlessly, a perfect copy of how the real Dragon had moved.
For one person remembered his names and deeds. Teriarch shook his head restlessly.
“I should hope you are all wise enough. But if you were, surely, you all know your…expedition to the new lands of Izril will end in bloodshed. Every nation upon this world grabs, even if they hold a fortune in their claws. Even now, as I roamed the Eternal Throne, I heard a hundred plots for Humans to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with naught but their own kind.”
The emissaries shifted. Ielane spoke, sounding pleading.
“We are a nation of Terandrians, Ser Dragon. Dwarves and half-Elves were not lost from our minds, I promise you that.”
“But did you intend to go to Izril with Drakes as your foes?”
The Dragon challenged her, and Ielane hesitated.
“No one owns the new lands of Izril. If we were attacked, we might defend ourselves. Is that not fair?”
Teriarch grinned like Xarkouth.
“Of course it is fair. By all means, defend yourselves. I expect nothing less of proud nations. Perhaps those armies that ‘defend’ will march against a Walled City. In the name of safety. Then, if we speak of old stories, you shall see one upon the battlefield, Queen of Calanfer.”
Ser Markus gulped loudly. Seraphel caught her breath. Did the Dragon just say what she thought he did…?
“Then are you warning us away from Izril, Ser?”
Greysten pursued the question, and Teriarch shook his head once more.
“No, and no. In fact, I invite you there. Not just armies. Not just colonists. Come, brave [Knights]. I am sure many of you have already pledged your swords for your kingdoms. Then—beg leave for a quest beyond your shores. You have heard the <Quest> posted for the Crossroads of Izril?”
Murmurs. His eyes glinted as a Brass Dragon, scales like metal, rested his head on his claws. His wings fanned, refracting rays of light for the wondering Humans. The Dragon laughed.
“More will come. Seek out these old sites. Explore the lands yet untamed, and surely—some of you will meet a stranger on the roads. They might be Drakes of good or ill repute. They may be Gnolls upon their own stories. One of them, at least, will be me. Come to Izril. Challenge or learn from me, or teach me a lesson I have not yet heard of in all my years. But do not expect silence from me. If you threaten war, expect a Dragon and those who have slain Dragons to stand against you. Perhaps the might of Terandria is more than that of Rhir, Baleros, Chandrar, and Izril combined, eh? Or perhaps you might come more humbly.”
A cerulean eye winked like mischief and amusement at the others. The voice rumbled.
