9.17 R
Page 14
“The answer is—sometimes we fail. My mother was the Queen of the Eternal Throne, Seraphel. A wise, canny woman, and she played against Ailendamus for her entire life as it expanded. She lost. She played very well, but Ailendamus is governed by a group as intelligent and resourceful as any I have seen. They smashed through barriers we wove out of promises and friendship with sheer force. The powers behind the throne enable their attempts at hegemony—House Shoel, to name but one. I wish we could uncover more, but all our [Spies] can only reach the Court of Masks, not whatever lies beyond.”
Seraphel had never known that. She felt a twist in her stomach, but Reclis was still not hearing her. Seraphel took his hand, and he looked at her.
“Why can’t we do that, Father?”
He laughed softly, taking both of hers and squeezing them.
“Do what? Succeed? We try. Calanfer was a border nation when we were first established, Seraphel. The other kingdoms gave us blasted lands ruined by Crelers and thought we would be the first nation to be sacked if Terandria were invaded. It has come far, far since. But not far enough, I agree.”
“No—not just that. Why can’t we all aspire to be Queen Marquin? Lyonette left for Izril. She’s leveled—many times according to Ser Dalimont! Why not do that? Be—become someone else and level? I could try. If not lead armies. Why don’t you or Mother or the [Princes]? Lothen and…”
She fell silent. King Reclis du Marquin was giving Seraphel the blankest of all looks. When he responded, his tone was puzzled.
“It is true that in adversity, we level, Seraphel. But for every [Prince] who reaches Level 30 before the age of 30, a thousand lie dead. It is the height of selfishness to abandon Calanfer like Lyonette did. If Marquin taught us one thing, it was that we should not fear sacrifice. I do not gamble with the fate of Calanfer. Would you?”
Seraphel looked into his eyes and saw there was nothing more to say. Nothing more, but a hundred ghosts whispering in her ears. They had all been there, all stood and waited and found a decade passed, a lifetime of unhappiness. Seraphel opened her mouth, saw her father looking at her, and wilted.
It was the hardest thing in the world to do, and she had tried three times before. She had raged and run away, and she knew what had happened to Menisi, the 2nd Princess of Calanfer. Or had she done that to herself, to get away forever?
At last, Seraphel whispered.
“Father. I would like to not be a [Princess] with such a heavy duty any longer. I have watched husbands and too many people die. I would like to choose my own path.”
King Reclis’ absent gaze moved away from the scrying orb. He looked at Seraphel, his distant blue gaze like a faded dream sharpening to a point of understanding. At last, he saw her. The [King] blinked, looked Seraphel up and down, and hesitated. Then he nodded to himself. He reached out, took Seraphel’s hands, and tucked them together. Reclis met Seraphel’s gaze, well and truly, and replied.
“I must forbid it, Seraphel.”
He squeezed her hands once and let go. When he looked at her again—
Now, he was watching her.
 
——
 
A [Princess] wept
Fleeing down the stairs
Running home without home
Realizing she had none to leave behind.
—Teriarch, Poetry in Disguise, 23 A.F.
 
He had seen it a hundred thousand times. So it really didn’t matter. It didn’t bother him. Not one bit.
The irony, of course, was that the Dragon had thought this very thing before many times. At Wistram, as Eldavin—but he didn’t remember that.
