9.17 R
Page 52
“No Walled City can command me. I have come before those gathered here to speak. To speak of the revelations of last month and the future. Stand aside, little son of the tall. You forget your place. When you were a dream of your first forefathers, they entreated the kindly Giants for safety and aid. Golaen has forgotten the vows it swore. Even so. The kindness of Giants is in your blood and bones. I would not want to hurt you.”
“And I will throw you out far less gently.”
Etrogaer’s face flushed pure red. He reached down, and the Drake caught his wrist. His clawed hand could not even encircle Etrogaer’s wrist—but the [Titanguard] froze. He strained, and Rabbiteater saw his muscled arm bulge. Then Lord Etrogaer whispered.
“—[Gravitas of the Monuments].”
The air twisted around him, and every loose object in ten feet went scattering in every direction. A fork threw itself with such force that it embedded itself in the arm that Dame Vensha threw out. Seraphel stared at the fork stabbed into the armor and swallowed hard.
And not once did the Drake’s arm move. Etrogaer lifted the hammer, and the Drake looked up. The [Titanguard]’s pouring brow was a mask of uncertainty. He froze—and the Drake let him go.
“Ah. Now that brings me back.”
As Etrogaer stumbled backwards, the scaled head turned. Left, right, and he smiled once more. Fondly.
“Here stands a knight who names himself not. He comes before a great banquet of mighty warriors on an auspicious day and lays a challenge before all and sundry. ‘Strike me. Strike me, and I shall answer your blow with mine. Let the victor be the one last to fall.’ In front of Terandria’s children, have any the courage to take up this old challenge?”
He looked right and left, and Rabbiteater felt a hand on his shoulder.
“Rabbit. Don’t…”
The Goblin turned his head. He looked at Dame Meisa’s worried face and whispered back.
“Do I look stupid? I don’t stick my head in a trap.”
And it was a trap. Everyone knew this kind of story. Oh yes. Even if they didn’t know the exact parable—who wanted to trade blows with someone who had just held Etrogaer’s hand like an adult held a child?
Even so. A single figure didn’t flinch when the Drake looked his way.
The Thousand Lance’s great [Knight], Ser Gorethem, a former Named Adventurer, could not run even if he wanted to. The man had a mane of hair almost as impressive as a lion’s, and it was impossible to read his face as he slowly rose and put on his helmet.
“You have the better of me, stranger. In the name of the Thousand Lances of Kaaz, you must know I cannot decline a challenge made before Terandria’s royal bloodlines. How shall it be done?”
The Drake paced forwards another few steps. Then he spread his arms. He had a single, plain sword at his side. Ser Gorethem had a wicked greatsword strapped to his back.
“By blade or spell or even teeth or claw, strike me. Then I shall return the favor if I am still standing. Tell you what. I shall give you three blows for one of mine.”
The sheer arrogance of the statement enraged some of the watchers out of their silence.
“Ser Gorethem, do not hold back on account of our sensibilities. Strike this interloper, and if they play any tricks, let us have done with this.”
Hundredlord Cortese shouted, accompanied by a dozen of Kaaz’s voices and some of Taimaguros’ and Avel’s.
Even so—Gorethem hesitated. Because he didn’t know his opponent. Whatever he expected—killing a Drake might be entirely possible. Or maybe it was a trick. He turned.
“Summer’s Champion. Offer me your blade, I pray.”
