9.17 R
Page 42
That was the funny thing. These arrogant kingdoms, the Restful Three, pretended to superiority. But their people gobbled down gelato like everyone else. They still hungered for the most worldly goods—including the attention of the scrying orbs denied to them.
Lady Cosoi Reinhart didn’t mind going abroad, even if her House were given the cold shoulder. It was entertaining, and she had flirted outrageously with Lord Altestiel in front of the scrying orb. The Goblin Slayer was an intriguing issue, and Calanfer entertained her.
Besides—it was always good to have Magnolia in her debt. So the [Lady] strolled back to her rooms, set up a privacy ward, and took the single-use scroll out of her bag of holding. She wrote, watched the words and scroll dissolve, and reflected that even the Thronebearers wouldn’t detect that.
Magnolia used to come to Calanfer to sharpen her wits against the Eternal Throne. A number of Reinharts had, actually. As for what she’d written—well, Cosoi had no idea why it mattered. But she was interested.
 
To Magnolia: 
The Restful Three are all after your sulfur, my dear. At least, Kaaz is, and the other two are poking about. That’s most likely it. Inquire with your servants. Polite kisses,
—Cosoi.
 
As for the reason sulfur was so easy to identify as a clue, well. If Cosoi had access to Magnolia’s own logic, she might have realized that a commonality between Earthers was that they were sort of stupid.
Stupid in the sense that not a lot knew how to make gunpowder, but everyone ‘knew’ sulfur was part of it. And bat crap. Probably because they’d all heard variations on the same recipe. Whether it worked or not didn’t matter.
They asked about oil, aluminum, and other common words. All you had to do was look for which nations were suddenly, passionately interested in importing such materials. The smart ones never made a sound and never gave you a clue something had changed.
 
——
 
Trade was one of the things the Restful Three were angling for. But subtly. And they were still guests of the Eternal Throne. Seraphel du Marquin was present for the luncheon, and her outing with her friends had been cut short.
But then—Cortese, Menrise, and Altestiel had all begged off because they had to attend. Only Rabbiteater seemed bored by the lot. The politics reminded Seraphel they were still from different nations, and it made her sad.
Because their friendship was ending sooner than she thought. Already, her thoughts had turned maudlin. If Ielane could arrange it, there were worse things than being married to Cortese or Altestiel. Not that they were likely to accept. Altestiel would be a victory without question…
It was arrogance she saw in the Restful Three. They really weren’t a match for Calanfer’s politics. They had a good show of power, but what they lacked was, well, what the Eternal Throne lived in.
Uncertainty. The Eternal Throne survived by playing diplomacy for real stakes. The Restful Three were powerful nations that, if not utopias, had the power to be the model for Terandrian kingdoms. They were why people said Terandria was so safe; their citizens benefited from the power of the kingdoms and lack of wars.
The southlands, exposed to the sea, were often under far more threat. But what was interesting about the Restful Three now was that, even if Seraphel didn’t know of the Earthers—she could tell they were upset.
