9.17 R
Page 50
Lady Menrise was staring at a donut and wondering if she should take another chance. This one was from, funnily enough, Erribathe. And this one had sprinkles.
Then the doors to the banquet hall opened. Or rather—they were thrown open. A figure appeared in the doorway as everyone whirled.
Winter blew in. A blizzard like no other, provoking screams and cries of astonishment. But people probably assumed it was the Eternal Throne showing off something new. Only Queen Ielane’s frozen face revealed to Seraphel it was not. She kept still, though. Sometimes, the disaster was staring you in the face and all you could do was smile at the falling axe with dignity.
Ser Greysten turned with a grin of expectation on his face. Right up until he saw not the Winter’s Watcher in the doorway, but a stranger. Then—he heard the crash and the sound, the terrible screech of metal on metal. And with the influx of wind and snow came the Winter’s Watcher.
On her front. The figure threw her through the banquet hall like a frozen cannonball. With such force that the Winter’s Watcher crashed past the high table, leaving a trail of sparks drifting down through the air.
Mouths were already open in astonishment, and Earl Altestiel was on his feet, drawing his sword. He didn’t need to guess something had gone wrong.
Where were the Thronebearers? He looked for Rabbiteater, and the [Knight] was getting up with others who sensed an issue, but the figure bellowed.
“HAIL.”
One word blew through the room, and Duchess Greina’s aura winked out with all the others. Like a physical storm, wind blew, and pastries and candles went out. The figure stood, backlit by only the light from outside. Even the fireplace had gone still, and it was hard to see at first who it was.
Then someone else ran into the banquet hall, fleeing the mysterious intruder. A young woman, her dress torn, a flashing, crystal leg pumping as she ran for the balcony where Seraphel, Aielef, and Ellet sat. At this, the Thronebearers who were present, including Vensha, rose.
“The [Thief]! Catch her!”
They leapt for the young woman, and Rabbiteater threw a plate like a discus. Etrogaer reached out, and his hand closed and gravity shifted, dragging everything around into a grip. Faced with Thronebearers and guests using their Skills, the [Thief]’s eyes opened wide.
And her leg exploded into lightning. Rabbiteater barely saw her move. She blasted past him, up a wall, and across the wall. She was so fast gravity only caught up when she slowed—with Iradoren’s half-Elf consort’s circlet in one hand.
“Erribathe, to arms!”
Iradoren leapt up. A cry went up from the guests who knew their history. It was none other than Lady Menrise herself who pointed and shouted.
“The Lightning Thief! His Skill!”
“Who?”
Rabbiteater looked at the thief, who had stopped on a table, standing over the [Princesses] being shielded by their Thronebearers. The most famous [Thief], hero of the world-renowned book series—was not someone who Rabbiteater had ever read about.
But even Seraphel gasped, eyes wide, as the young woman turned. Yet Altestiel calmly spoke, eyes on her.
“That is not the Lightning Thief. He’s dead.”
“He is?”
Several fans of the series were horrified. Which was sort of besides the point, but the young woman turned. Her eyes flashed, and she pointed at Altestiel.
“He’s not. The great game begins—now.”
Then she leapt off the balcony, followed by half a dozen spells and even two Thronebearers.
Rabbiteater had no idea what was going on. But he turned, because while that was all very interesting and whatnot—
