9.17 R
Page 44
“I should like to show you all the magnificence of this new development in Izril. Ah, but then, I believe the honor of the first slice should go to Prince Iradoren, who has journeyed far to reach us. Your Highness, do you have a preference?”
With a teasing smile, he held the knife, looking to Iradoren as to what cut he might prefer. Then, Reclis handed him the knife. And the [Prince]? Seraphel rolled her eyes.
Of course he took a piece of the new lands. And [Historians] wrote down this kind of thing as clever. It was pure ego and presentation. She didn’t miss how Lord Etrogaer was handed the knife—and now Reclis was letting people serve themselves. The [Titanguard] took a chunk out of the new lands twice as large as Iradoren’s.
“Seraphel?”
Aielef broke in. The 4th Princess looked up at the 3rd, and Aielef watched the furor and murmurs rise in dismay.
“Yes, Aielef?”
“Do you ever get the feeling that we are, in our own way, as straightforwards and predictable as Ser Solstice?”
“All the time, Aielef. All the time.”
 
——
 
The luncheon was going to last until dinner. It was less a single banquet, more like an ongoing discussion with food.
Rabbiteater had no idea why it suddenly turned to the new lands of Izril. Suddenly, everyone was discussing attempts at colonies, the existing half-Elven and Drowned Folk cities, logistics, and an ‘agreement’.
Suddenly, the topic had come up, and it felt spontaneous. In that way, Rabbiteater was below even Ser Markus for points on politics. To be fair, he was distracted.
…Mostly with trying to slowly squeeze his cake through slits in his visor. Meisa and Lady Menrise were watching the maneuver with silent horror. But then Rabbiteater heard and saw the Eternal Throne’s real army enter the room.
Their [Diplomats] and Thronebearers. They were all on the same page, and even Lady Menrise began speaking to another woman.
“The new lands? Yes, Tourvecall is interested…but we hardly have an army to spare even if we intended to enter the land-grab. Touchy Drakes and trouble at sea. I heard a famous [Pirate] of some kind has been attacking ships. Even the half-Elves aren’t safe.”
“Of course, Lady Menrise. Calanfer is not immune to troubles at sea, and few nations have a standing armada. Not least—any convoy would either have to leave a more northern port, say Taimaguros’, or travel to one of the southern kingdoms to make exit.”
“True…”
“—and that would mean paying tariffs or Taimaguros interfering or just the hassle of sending so many so far. You can’t build a new city without [Crafters]. All the while, you may be dealing with magical misfortune, monsters, and, frankly, competitors.”
Hundredlord Cortese and Altestiel were speaking to Duchess Greina, who had been talking Noelictus’ own royalty out of the maneuver. Yet one of the Princes, Lothen, spoke with a half-smile that didn’t look quite real.
“Indeed, Duchess. On the topic of competition, have we not seen enough bloodshed in Terandria?”
The question was so poorly phrased and delivered as to make Ielane close one eye in a wince, but Lothen went on.
“Calanfer has a proposition to render to however many countries are interested.”
“We will not enter your war with Ailendamus—or Taimaguros, even if Kaaz has shed enough blood with them.”
Hundredlord Cortese looked blatantly amused by the [Prince], but he was surprised by Lothen’s shake of the head.
