9.17 R
Page 41
“Perhaps Ailendamus had not considered the effects it might have on us all. I note Taimaguros has held itself in check. Which is well; given the portents all saw at the final battle, escalation is undesirable.”
He turned, and a [Lady] of Taima hesitated before answering stiffly.
“By Taimaguros united, we have not been asked by the Kingdom of Glass and Glory either way, Your Excellencies. I note Ailendamus has battled many nations alone.”
“Yet your war interferes with us all. No less than twelve nations have declared hostility towards the Kingdom of Glass and Glory. If you think your entry will shift the odds, perhaps you should remind yourselves how our wars have always gone—”
Avel was, as always, hotheaded. Their [Emissary] fell silent. Reclis hid a smile, watching the myriad folks of Erribathe eating. Many picked at the various delicacies or were exploring the palace. They seldom left the Kingdom of Myth. Reclis chuckled as the Lady of Taima bristled and reached for a dagger.
“Ah, well, Ailendamus has always done as it pleased. As befits the largest nation of Terandria. King Itorin II may well consider that Ailendamus’ state of affairs are the affairs of Terandria, at least, the south. Taimaguros, with respect to Taima’s pride, is often likewise self-absorbed. As befits the second-largest nation.”
The [Lady] smiled in response to that and sat back, practically preening. The other emissaries scowled or held their tongues; the two powers were closely allied, and that alliance had, unfortunately, helped both remain on top.
But it was also a careful sniping shot, and it hit its mark. Prince Iradoren’s own complacent smile slipped slightly.
He did not like being reminded that his kingdom was third-largest. He had some pride. Which Reclis would happily use against him; pride was a wonderful thing and a huge weakness in a [King].
“Yes, Ailendamus is large. But the rules of war demand trade be held sacrosanct. Of all their actions, the blockade which stopped all ships at sea annoyed the [Titan King]. Golaen objects. Loudly.”
Lord Etrogaer broke in, and Reclis sighed. If Iradoren were not the best person that could have been sent, he was at least good. Etrogaer was not.
Interesting. Reclis held his face straight and rubbed a hand on the inside of the table against a ring. It buzzed—and Queen Ielane smiled as her ring gently vibrated as well.
“Lord Etrogaer, it is the crown’s intent that we should come to an amicable agreement here. We are all Terandrian. This war? Unfortunate, but yes, trade should flow despite strife. You find no argument here.”
The [Titanguard] nodded, looking smugly mollified. Ielane’s gaze never wavered, but Reclis was sure she’d look into it. She was probably sending an invisible [Memo] to their Thronebearers already.
He didn’t know why, but he had heard Kaaz was seeking out Pheislant and Nadel’s representatives. They were quiet, but Calanfer had ears everywhere, and Cortese was no great master of subterfuge. Desonis and the stormy Altestiel were far better at the game of games—mostly because the Sleeping Queen’s court was hard to infiltrate if she was always napping.
 
——
 
It would have been easy for most people to simply see this was Golaen wanting to import brie or something. However, if you knew what to look for—it was easier still.
Wellfar oversaw a lot of trade. And while they were not always friendly, at least here, the Izrilians banded together. So, a [Lady] excused herself from the table after helping herself to all the gelato she wanted.
