9.17 R
Page 7
Menrise’s helmeted head rose, and Seraphel’s jaw dropped. The [Lady] turned and—impishly—walked over to the man with the completely circular head. He was talking with a Noelictus nobleman, and Menrise touched his arm.
“Father, do excuse me. I would like to circulate among the guests, if I may?”
The man stared at her with—Seraphel realized—not outrage, but a kind of confused dismay. As for the nobleman, he blinked, then bowed.
“Ah, your daughter is Lady Menrise, Lord Ostevar?”
“She is not my—that is to say—”
Menrise strolled away as the first [Lady] tried to pursue her. She was lying! Blatantly, too! Seraphel saw Menrise appear next to a group of Kaazian nobility, which included Lord Cortese.
“Ah, Lady Menrise. This is the Tourvecall [Lady] I mentioned.”
Their cats were freaking out in the Eternal Throne, but Menrise happily took Cortese’s hand as he bowed. Even Kaaz’s nobility were clearly fascinated by Tourvecall, and they introduced themselves, eyes on Menrise’s helmet.
“You, ah, must forgive our interest, Lady Menrise. We seldom see your queer visages abroad.”
That was a Kaazian [Lady] for you. A direct insult that she clearly hoped might result in a challenge. But Menrise just chuckled behind her helmet.
“I’m quite familiar with the stares, thank you, Lady Ruusa. You are delightfully strange yourself. I have the honor of visiting Calanfer for this grand occasion—you see my mother, the Lady Ficombe, and Lord Ostevar? My father.”
“My. How interesting.”
Lady Ruusa lied, politely nodding their way. Menrise nodded happily.
“I am so glad to be here. You see—I haven’t seen my mother, Ruusa, ever since she bore me out of wedlock. It has been thirty-one years, and Lord Ostevar has finally returned to court.”
Every head swung back to Menrise. The Kaazian nobility stirred, and Seraphel choked on a lettuce piece.
“…Could you say that again, Lady Menrise?”
The [Lady] flapped a hand as the two nobles turned to stare at her. They couldn’t have heard, but she spoke quickly and airily.
“It is one of those classic Tourvecall stories. A tumble in a pigsty in a barn—disgrace, no marriage—they look lovely for sixty years of age, don’t they? Lots of preservative charms. But Lord Cortese, there’s Seraphel! Would you mind if I stole you…?”
And she was off. Leaving behind the frantic two nobles from her kingdom, who—if Seraphel’s perfect memory didn’t fail her—were almost exactly Menrise’s age.
Cortese seemed to understand Menrise was playing some kind of prank, although even he wasn’t sure how much of what she was saying was true. The [Lady] and he bowed quite gracefully before Seraphel, and the [Princess] was lost for words.
“Lady Menrise—I am sure Tourvecall is quite playful, but are you certain you don’t go a bit far?”
That was all she managed. If she had done that to Ielane…! But Menrise just giggled like a girl behind her helmet.
“They’ll live. And I am far too old to be lectured, Your Highness. Nor do I regret any part of yesterday. Which reminds me—who are all these interesting visitors, Lord Cortese, Princess Seraphel?”
She pointed discreetly, and Seraphel glanced to one side distractedly. The Eternal Throne had everyone from [Mercenary] company representatives from Baleros to dignitaries from the Five Families. And further envoys still.
“Oh, the usual run of diplomats.”
“You must have over a thousand!”
Cortese was astonished, and Seraphel recalled that most nations were not nearly as worldly as Calanfer. Kaaz was land-locked, further north, and while they got adventurers, they seldom offered much.
