9.17 R
Page 27
“Just so long as you, Dame Knight, do not deny that Queen Marquin the Radiant stood with Princess Seraphel against Ailendamus. So long as you do not say you didn’t see Lord Veltras himself ride against his descendant of ages! Say it is not so, Dame Knight! Or I would take you and every man or woman here to a duel as bloody as any Kaaz could imagine. For I do not doubt it.”
He turned, and Seraphel remembered looking up at a giant of a woman staring down at her. She found her hands were trembling.
“I would not deny it, Ser Greysten! But perhaps only the Order of Seasons was so convinced? I thought all who were present witnessed the same thing!”
Ser Markus volunteered. The other Order of Seasons murmured agreement, and then someone spoke up. One of the Thronebearers blocking Rabbiteater abruptly stepped back. And with a shaking voice, the man spoke.
“I was there. And if that is the question asked, Summer’s Champion—I would never deny I saw Queen Marquin. I would sooner deny the Eternal Throne’s existence. It was her.”
Seraphel felt a chill in her veins. She turned, and Seraphel’s eyes sought out the young man’s. He had blonde hair and tears in his wintergreen eyes.
“I would have gone after her. If only I could. I would have followed her wherever she went. She looked at me but once. I thought I was mad and held that moment inside me, even to my sworn comrades in arms. Because I cannot reconcile that day with now. I feel the mountains should have cracked.”
“They did. But only on Izril.”
Altestiel murmured. Then someone else spoke up.
“I stood next to a boy in Pheislant’s army. A warrior wearing a stag’s helm sought him out and told him he looked like his son. He told him of a long-lost keep, buried, and I was never the more jealous of any man or woman. That was but one of the things I saw—and I witnessed Dame Voost dueling with a ghost. I wish to believe it was real—but can I? If so, why have I stayed here, admiring the Eternal Throne and hoping to court the [Duchess] Greina and Princess Telleis?”
Seraphel turned. It was Ser Lorell, who scrubbed his hands through his hair. He looked up, saw Greina and Telleis looking at him, and went on, without even really seeing them.
“I should have thrown myself off a cliff. Not to die, but to learn to fly! Journeyed to Rhir and thrown myself against Demons that I might be half the level they ask of me. But was it real?”
“Yes.”
Ser Greysten, Voost, and the Thronebearer chorused. Seraphel looked around and then spoke in a tremulous voice, though Vensha’s eyes dared her not to.
“I saw Queen Marquin.”
The words didn’t come out. Like before, she tried to say them, but this time, it was not fear that held her tongue. It was a hand.
Vensha. The words struggled in her mouth, and, outraged, Seraphel tried to speak them. But the old Thronebearer had Skills all to one purpose. Seraphel struggled—and Aielef looked at her sister. She stared at Vensha and then glanced down.
The Thronebearer wore all armor. So Aielef gave up on stamping on her foot and pointed.
“The thief! My tiara!”
Vensha’s head swung around despite herself. Seraphel spoke.
“I saw Queen Marquin. But what—what am I supposed to do?”
Every head turned to her. Seraphel spoke her confession aloud, almost in tears.
“I was there, like you all. But if it was true—I sympathize with Ser Lorell. How is that day real if the most mundane of moments like being trapped on a privy for two hours is also real?”
Dame Talia’s mouth was open. Even Ser Greysten’s lips twitched. Yet that was the folly of Humans.
