9.17 R
Page 3
She nearly leapt off the stairwell. Her face turned white then crimson with fury, and Meisa looked like she was going to kill Rabbiteater. Ser Greysten was turning purple with the effort of not laughing. Dame Voost gave both a reproving look, and Ser Zulv’s face was a mask of pain. A Thronebearer standing on the final dais before the throne looked outraged and almost spoke—
But then Rabbiteater heard a voice and realized that Calanfer’s reputation was not unearned. Poor at combat, dazzling in the courtroom, despite yesterday’s thefts and food poisoning—
Queen Ielane du Marquin chuckled. She laughed, and the voices from the Eternal Throne were magnified that, in audiences, anyone could hear them from around the entire room. Her laugh was infectious, made Rabbiteater start—
And was perfectly calculated. But it sounded so natural it fooled all but Ielane’s own daughters. Many of those watching picked up on Rabbiteater’s trick and snorted. The ‘unguarded’ amusement made the Thronebearers relax, and Rabbiteater began to like the [Queen] before she even spoke a word.
But what of King Reclis du Marquin? His eyes turned to Rabbiteater, and the Goblin saw a man much like Lyonette. His hair was a deeper red than fire, and his eyes had faded from blue to grey as lines in his face had appeared. For all that—he sat upon fire and flame, and when he spoke, his voice was slow, surprisingly low despite not being nearly as physically large as Greysten, and yes, amused.
He sounded rather like a Dragon, in fact. A trick Calanfer’s children had picked up from memory and practice from Marquin’s meetings with the last of Dragons. Reclis looked straight at Rabbiteater and said this for all to hear, and for the cameras and gossips and rumors:
“You are not the Lightherald who knelt here last. Nor do you bear that brave man’s mantle, nor carry his armor or sword and shield. Brave [Knight], Ser Solstice, I have heard many call you the Lightherald of Calanfer. But you are not him, nor who will follow after.”
Rabbiteater froze up, then nodded slowly. He wondered if he should kneel, and those watching shuffled, wondering if this were a rebuke. But Reclis’ tone did not sound hostile. It was, if anything, intimate. He went on after the smallest of pauses.
“I say this before all as my witness that there will be no confusion. Ser Solstice of Izril is not the Lightherald, nor does he represent Calanfer. He is touched by another blessing of Calanfer’s children. Dawnguard, they called the companions of Queen Marquin. A fitting title bestowed on the most valiant champions Calanfer can recognize. So I name thee. Ser Solstice of Izril, the Goblin Slayer, as many call you. Ser Greysten, the Summer’s Champion of the Order of Seasons, and Dame Talia, of proud House Kallinad of Pheislant and the Season of Summer.”
All three [Knights] hesitated, confused—then one of the Thronebearers standing before the throne opened a box. Markus made a noise, and Meisa elbowed him—and Rabbiteater saw a brilliant flash from a rising sunburst.
It was just gold. Truegold, but it captured the light of the Eternal Throne, and it was pretty enough. Reclis beckoned, and slowly, Rabbiteater ascended the steps with Talia and Ser Greysten. He knelt, and a loop of silk was draped over his neck. He felt the tiny weight of the medal chime against his armor and looked up.
Reclis du Marquin nodded to him, smiling. Before he sat and spoke onwards, thanking Pheislant and the other heroes of the war—and awarded a medal for Tyrion Veltras to his representative—the man spoke, just to Rabbiteater.
