9.17 R
Page 32
Some of the soup came out of Rabbiteater’s visor. Greysten began choking on his own mouthful of food. The breakfast table was as merry as could be.
How Seraphel wanted to sit with them. Instead, she was dining with Aielef, Vernoue, and the rest of the [Princesses] present as well as Ielane and Reclis. The royal family was waiting for their final guests to arrive.
Also—Aielef and Seraphel were in hot water, and Ielane was speaking in the privacy spells set up while appearing to be amused, casual, and relaxed.
“—Now that you have countermanded Vensha, you will return to this nonsense of training. And if you are so insistent upon fitness—a rarity for both of you, which we wish you had pursued while you were younger—you may forgo dessert and the snacks you are so fond of, Aielef. To better guide your growth.”
Aielef was silent, chewing on her food as her two daughters looked at the matriarch of the family and poked at their plates. Seraphel chomped down on her own brioche bun, laden with more food than usual. Exercising really did produce a lot of muscle pain—everywhere.
She barely reacted to the ban on sweets and desserts. That tended to work on [Princesses] who were not close to thirty or older. Well…if Ielane banned Dreamleaf, it would probably work on Shardele.
The [Queen] seemed displeased by the lack of reaction, but then, this ‘public’ dressing down had a lot of targets as usual. An anxious voice interrupted the [Queen] on Reclis’ left side.
“Mother, sister Seraphel and Aielef are trying very hard. Shouldn’t they get one or two sweets? None at all sounds—m-mean.”
Seraphel turned, and even she and Aielef smiled at the girl sitting and nibbling on grapes. Ellet du Marquin, the 7th Princess of Calanfer, was young, cute, and earnest. Even her sisters didn’t bully her since she was in the innocent phase. Ielane, however, just turned to Ellet and smiled…ish.
“A [Princess] must perform her duties to enjoy all the luxuries of her station, Ellet. Your older sisters have been—naughty.”
The childish phrasing sounded awkward in her mouth. Shardele, Vernoue, both were silent as they ate, though Vernoue looked sympathetic, and Shardele seemed to be enjoying this. Aielef muttered to Seraphel out of the corner of her mouth, using a [Discrete Murmur] Skill.
“I believe I shall have Kaliv go after Shardele’s contraband [Smuggler].”
Seraphel lifted her cup and twitched her pinkie slightly, which made Aielef hide her own lift of the lips.
Anyways, Ellet seeing Ielane dressing down her older sisters was fairly rare. But even rarer was the straight-backed young man sitting next to Vernoue.
Prince Lothen, the 2nd Prince of Calanfer and, technically, 4th oldest just after Menisi, spoke with a curt voice.
“Do try not to emulate your older sisters, especially Lyonette, Ellet. Their affection towards the kingdom waxes and wanes unbefitting of their station.”
“Lothen.”
Reclis reproved him with a word, and the [Prince] ducked his head instantly as the nervous [Princess] looked at her rarely-seen brother. Reclis changed the subject directly. He spoke candidly since this was not a public moment.
“It is not the poorest thing to inspire a nation via valorous conduct. I’ve often regretted my failure to earn a Silver-bell or distinguish myself martially. However, the personal attributes of a ruler shapes the rule unduly…”
