9.18 E
Page 28
Every single window in the mess hall blew open. A door smacked Mister Prost in the face as it shot open—he had been coming to ask if they needed help. A shockwave scattered the last fragments of dust across the walls into the air, and they fell down like rain.
In the center of the room, a beaming [Witch] looked Erin in the eye.
“Not everything is an Elemental, Erin. You’re looking in the wrong spots. You’re making wonders, making the moment and the great magic you think witchcraft is. That’s half. The other half of all your magic can be in the way you breathe in. A single smile or stroke of the pen.”
That was the lesson that Belavierr had once taught her daughter. Magic could be as large as a floating island in the sky. Or encapsulated in a single clap of the hands. And Wiskeria?
Wiskeria had clapped her hands every single day for eight years until she had learned to perform a single gesture with hands that had blistered and turned raw with pain. What was the point?
The point was that Wiskeria could stride into the rain, with water sleeting off the dress her mother had made her—her mother, the greatest [Seamstress] of all time—who had also perfected something.
Wiskeria looked up at the storm the old man had called down in wrath, water falling so hard it blotted out the sky. And as [Witches] poked their heads out of windows, as Erin stumbled outside, Wiskeria clapped her hands.
This time, she blew open no windows. But Erin thought all of Riverfarm heard the sound. She saw a shockwave of air and water grow outwards, and it struck her in the face and knocked Prost onto his butt again. The rain halted for a second as a bubble of calm appeared. Wiskeria stood there, grinning at Erin—and then the rain poured down once more.
“No Archmage living in this world save for the Death of Magic remembers this! [Monks] clapping their hands, a [Bard]’s guitar, the swing of a [Blademaster]’s sword—it’s all magic.”
She looked at Erin’s face, and the [Witch of Second Chances] slowly raised her own trembling hands. She didn’t clap them together, but suddenly, her wet hands were burning. Burning with a strange fire that flickered out so fast Wiskeria thought she’d missed it.
The [Witch of Law]’s eyes widened, and Erin closed her eyes. She looked down at her hands. But there it was. Out of a mundane, wet street—she pulled something as magical as a clap of the hands. It was coming upon her, slowly. Her craft.
The old man in the river was raging harder and growing with every passing hour. But so were they. Wiskeria tilted her head back, knowing the [Witches] were watching.
“I may have had the Witch of Webs as my mother, but I practiced clapping longer than many people their crafts, every day pushing myself to learn. Witchcraft is part grace, part earned. Part cunning, part wisdom. Mostly, it is doing something only you can do.”
Now, if only she could take power for her craft from the eyes watching her. Alas…Wiskeria reached out for the justice in people’s hearts. The reason in governance. The power of law.
She felt it not. Alas—Wiskeria looked at Erin’s face as the [Innkeeper], the [Witch], looked at her hands and a fluffy white Gnoll and a little girl with a hat full of sadness came running out to leap on her in the rain.
This was good enough for now.
 
——
 
“Oh, clap your hands. Sure, that makes sense. Like someone burping [Fireballs]. ‘Look at me, I’m a [Witch]. I get to rewrite the laws of magic because I’m unique.’”
