9.18 E
Page 52
He would rise up and cover the land. He would erase this village and devour until he could create his own body. Now he knew how—he spat upon the banks where the [Witches] tried to stop him. He could grow faster than they could raise the land.
So he would kill them. Kill and…
The old man in the river hesitated. Hesitated, as he sensed the being of metal and oil coming his way. And the two [Witches].
There were more, but he recognized those two. Wiskeria and Erin walked to the river’s edge as it roared and pushed against the levees, so high it was in danger of flooding the fields.
“Old man. Old man, I’ve come to offer you a deal.”
One sweetly bent over the river’s edge. She crooned to him, and the old man in the river hesitated. This was the one who had ignored him for so long. She held the glowing being with an eye that blinked at him. A pathetic thing.
The river swelled. He reached up for her—and Wiskeria drew a dagger. Just a dagger, but she let the Elemental of Law crawl onto one shoulder. Then she bent down, pulled part of the river up in an impossible surge of water as it roiled around her in shock.
Her craft glowed in her eyes as she stabbed the water. It rushed down around her hand as she let go.
The river felt that. Just a tiny prick, but it had never, ever been wounded. Now, the river suddenly fell silent, flat as glass, as Wiskeria bent over it. Smiling.
She had her mother’s smile. But what was reflected in those eyes weren’t immortal rings, but a calm, plain world. A world without great magic where his kind died. She looked the river in the eye and spoke.
“I offer you a deal, old man. Stop flooding. Stop raging, and lie quiet. Beg someone else, and never come to Riverfarm again.”
And why would he do that? He was a river! The old man’s fury was roused like the wrath of the forests—until he looked up and saw the oldest law behind Wiskeria.
Death.
The river quailed. Wiskeria bent low as the [Witches] and folk of Riverfarm watched, and her voice was only for him and the Elemental of Law and Erin.
“Lie silent and still and go elsewhere, old man. Beg a [Mage] for help or wait until this place is bone and dust. But trouble me and I will call you into a body and murder you here and now. Law rules, not your watery kind. Every being will have their chance, and law will change and learn and grow. But trifle with Riverfarm and I will cut your heart out and feed it to this one. Do not make Law your foe.”
The river trembled. He was old, and he had seen and felt the Treants leave this land when he was young. He remembered the forests, and he had heard the last Dryad die.
He just wanted…he wept as he sank, fearing the bright stare of the new kind of being, cousins as strange and alien to him as the folk who walked above him and swam his body.
Then—someone else called his name.
An [Innkeeper]? No, a [Witch]. A young [Witch] with a hat above her head swinging with little chess pieces, awkward and hesitant. Guilty.
“I’m sorry!”
The river stopped. The second [Witch] bent over him and called down as the [Witch of Law] stepped back, her threat made. Erin Solstice looked down, then looked at Wiskeria and her Elemental of Law.
Erin’s craft hung in the air. Wiskeria had some of her craft. It was in Riverfarm’s folk, even the [Witches]. It was so familiar that Erin had known it—but she had not given it a name.
What was it? Kindness? No. Glory? Again, no, these were things Erin had learned, but they were not at the heart of her craft. That was the stuff of [Innkeepers], and Erin wielded them well.
