9.18 E
Page 23
That was when Erin decided she might be able to live without meat after all. It was one thing to see images of slaughterhouses and know there were inhumane ways of killing animals and ‘humane’ ways—that was, ways most Humans were happy about killing people that weren’t them—
Quite another to hold a pig and feel a shudder as Wiskeria ran a blade across the throat.
It was fast. This wasn’t a Shield Spider, nor a monster. It was a pig, but Erin swore she felt something leave. Wiskeria?
Wiskeria’s eyes never changed. But she did feel sad. Just a bit. That was all. And that sadness persisted as Ram nodded with the [Butcher] in tow.
“You’d be a fine [Farmer], Miss Wiskeria. And that’s a compliment if I might say so.”
“Thank you, Mister Ram. Should I do the rest too?”
Wiskeria glanced up, and Ram hesitated.
“The piglets? They’re hardly as old, and they eat. It’d be a waste. Why? Are they sick?”
Wiskeria gave Ram a strange look, and Erin saw her trying to recalibrate, but she didn’t manage it this time. Instead, she replied slowly, trying to understand what she was getting wrong.
“No…because they’re all grieving too. Grieving—now twice for their parents. They can smell the blood. They’ll know. I’m sure most if not all will eat and grow, but if you wanted to spare them the sadness, I am here.”
She spread her hands as blood ran from her blue dress, without staining it. Ram and Erin looked at her, and the [Rancher]’s laugh was uneasy. Even afraid.
“Why, Miss Wiskeria, you’re kind to offer, but—they’re just pigs. I’m sure the sow was—was sad. But they’re pigs. Not even magical pigs. Not like a dog nor…”
His voice trailed off uneasily. Ram tried to smile, but Wiskeria looked at him—and then a smile crossed her lips that was entirely fake.
“Of course. That was a joke, Mister Ram.”
“A joke—dead gods—you play too much with an old man’s heart.”
He laughed and laughed, far too loudly. Then Ram headed off, laughing, and Erin stood there. She looked at Wiskeria and knew—the [Witch] had not been lying.
Ram’s discomfort was one thing. He did not like how Wiskeria talked about the pigs. Like they were people. That had to hit him close to home, and Wiskeria almost reminded Erin of people who said animals had feelings and were as sapient as Humans and deserved not to be eaten.
Which was fine, and Erin could get on board with that. Only, Wiskeria…Wiskeria believed it with all her heart, and she had still killed the pig and offered to kill the piglets.
“Do you think they’re people, Wiskeria?”
As Erin washed her hands in the rain, Wiskeria gave her a blank look.
“I killed a father in front of his children two—no, three days ago. I heard him scream as I broke his neck. He was a racoon. Nanette didn’t realize what I meant either and asked me about it. Was I wrong? I killed a mother in front of her children.”
“I know why you’re saying it like that. But they’re pigs.”
Wiskeria nodded reasonably as Erin’s skin crawled. She responded without blinking.
“And I will remember that, especially after seeing how I made Ram feel. I’ll call them animals. But to you, Erin—what did I say that was wrong? That was a mother. She bled. She felt pain. She grew sad. A Drake can be a mother or father.”
“Yes, but is there a difference?”
Wiskeria laughed until she realized this was no joke. She looked at Erin knowingly.
