9.18 E
Page 20
Mrsha stabbed Sest in the leg with the wand and made him back up. Then she dumped the towel on Nanette and industriously tried to remove as much water from the dripping area as she could. The umbrella kept the rain from pouring down on Nanette, and Mrsha used up three crisp, white towels and tossed them one after another at Ser Sest. Then she produced, of all things, a quill and paper and wrote!
Ser Sest gloomily read the instructions.
“Miss Mrsha, these are not our provisions! I am sure His Majesty is generous, but I must remind you that I am also your bodyguard. I cannot leave you.”
Nanette saw Mrsha writing and, despite herself, craned her neck to see.
Then…get…Ushar…stupid!
Mrsha wrote word by word fairly fast and very legibly and handed it to Ser Sest. Instantly, he brightened up.
“Well, I suppose that if I must—Dame Ushar, I fear I must call you to action. I believe Miss Mrsha would like two umbrellas, yes, two, and six towels. I cannot explain, meet me at the hill—”
“I’m fine. Really.”
Nanette realized what Mrsha was trying to do and objected as the girl brought forth a fourth towel. But Mrsha just gave her a bright smile.
She had no words, but somehow, the smile managed to say everything it needed to. Perhaps it was Nanette’s own witchcraft, but she could almost hear the little girl mimicking a mother’s voice.
Yes, of course you’re fine. 
Then she proceeded to ignore Nanette and pat her with the towel. The [Witch] let her and had to admit, being drier was better than shivering. She only moved when Mrsha went to remove the hat.
“That’s mine. Don’t touch it.”
She caught Mrsha’s paw, and the Gnoll hesitated. Then she nodded and let Nanette pat it dry.
A second Thronebearer appeared, annoyed, but when she saw Mrsha and the [Witch], things made more sense. Mrsha grabbed the towels and kept drying Nanette; in fact, she then demanded a heat spell, which Ser Sest cast. Of all the spells the Thronebearer had—[Dry Clothing] and [Remove Minor Stains] were two of the cantrips he practiced.
Well, they came in handy here, and then Mrsha was in the branches, wedging more umbrellas up there. She wasn’t even done. To Ser Sest and Dame Ushar’s mild horror, she took the wet towels and, instead of removing them, made them cut holes in the towels and join them together so they formed a kind of cloth wall! Then she hung them over a branch, forming a barrier on two sides that she anchored with rocks.
“Miss Mrsha! The towels are—ow! Ow! Eight more towels, Ushar. Or just bedsheets, Lady Marquin? Bedsheets it is.”
She was making a fort! A fort out of umbrellas and towels and cloth. Nanette was well aware of how expensive cloth could be, but Mrsha was happily ignorant of the fact. It seemed to be her mission in life to shield Nanette from the slightest raindrop and gust of wind.
In fact, she was quite enjoying herself, and while she was young, she was a Gnoll; she had lived in yurts and their travelling tents and knew how one was made, in theory. Nanette kept trying to shoo her away, but Mrsha refused to go, and Nanette would not stand, so all she had were vague words.
Nor did the Thronebearers stop their wayward charge. At first, they protested the cost and imposition, but then they glanced at the wet little girl and saw past the pointed hat.
Soon enough, Nanette had a raincoat over her like a blanket and another to sit on. Mrsha wanted to reinforce the towel and bedsheet ‘walls’ and make sure the entire affair wouldn’t collapse when the wind blew too hard.
