9.18 E
Page 25
Erin turned and stared at Wiskeria. The [Witch] shrugged, and two faintly red patches appeared in her cheeks.
“She may have said that to me as well. I was young, too. I think I was six.”
“Great! Then I’m a six-year old! Well, I’m throwing a tantrum!”
Erin threw her mop down. She was about to throw the most childish tantrum yet when she saw Wiskeria sigh. The [Witch] continued mopping, and Erin realized she was being unfair.
She had come to Wiskeria for lessons, and here she was, three days in, being—being—
Being a Lyonette! Being a Lyonette just like when she’d first met the [Princess], who refused to do anything and called everything hard and gave a lot of backsass. And at that, Erin turned beet red and felt ashamed.
Slowly, she picked up the mop and started mopping again. Wiskeria watched her, then spoke up.
“You’re going too fast.”
Erin almost snapped. But she ducked her head and copied Wiskeria’s pace.
Slowly, methodically, the two went back to work. Erin decided it was her penance and resolved to help Wiskeria clean this entire hall no matter how long it took. After all, this couldn’t be fun for Wiskeria. She was doing this to teach Erin, so, damnit, she’d try.
Erin stopped thinking about how tired she was or how to deal with the old man. She’d tried to talk to him, but all she heard was a snarl, manifesting itself in the growing river, the rain pouring down.
It was still raining, and it looked like it was going to go on all night. Erin was worried about it, but she couldn’t even swab fast because Wiskeria kept telling her to slow.
So Erin slowed and just…mopped. And in doing so, she lost focus of her vexation and just mopped.
It was like doing any repetitive task. Once you got into the rhythm, you lost focus, relaxed, and you could enter a kind of meditation. A zen, not dissimilar to running or exercise. Erin—
“You’re drifting off. Focus.”
Erin was going to kill someone. She stopped, hunched her shoulders—and reconsidered.
She had thought, privately, that the lamest thing Wiskeria could teach her was that there was a tranquility or state of mind she should achieve, such that a [Witch] wasn’t too good for any task. Like a [Monk]. Erin had considered that would be a lame lesson—but it seemed like even that far-flung idea was wrong.
Exasperated, she turned to Wiskeria to tell her that she needed the answer after all. Then she noticed, for the first time, Wiskeria’s expression.
The [Witch] was slowly swabbing the floor, eyes on the dirt and water and soap clearing it away. Again, she wasn’t the best mopper in the world.
Silveran would have given her a C-. Oh, she got the floors pretty clean, but it wasn’t great. Yet she really was mopping. Not fast, but thoroughly. Nor was she in that state of mindless zen that you could reach in repeated action.
If anything—she was as focused as the moment when she’d cut the pig’s throat. She was all there. And for the first time, Erin realized what was coming off Wiskeria.
Contentment. No, not just contentment—concentration. She was, Erin realized, swirling her mop in different patterns. As if trying to figure out how the best way of cleaning the floorboards was.
“Wiskeria. Have you ever mopped a floor before?”
“Um…twice, I think. Mother had me sweep, but I’ve only mopped a floor with a mop twice. Once when we tracked in blood to a manor from a kill, the second time when I came to Riverfarm. Isn’t it interesting?”
Wiskeria glanced up, and Erin saw Wiskeria was watching her. Erin frowned.
“Nope. I hate mopping.”
