9.18 E
Page 24
“Sariants can write. Yet they’re pets. Magical cats can understand speech, if not say it. Wyverns are said to be far more intelligent than the smartest dog, but they’re monsters. Mother never saw a difference, only in who she was allowed to kill without repercussion. So I’ll remember who I can slaughter, but I killed a mother today. I’ve met some people who think animals have no emotions or feelings. As if fish cannot feel pain. They’re as strange as I.”
That just made Erin more uneasy.
“If you think that way, why kill the female pig? Why offer to kill the children? Why not let them live and tell Ram to let her grow old or just not eat until she passes away?”
To that, Wiskeria was silent as she washed and dried her hands.
“…Because it’s how he lives. He raises animals to slaughter, and Riverfarm uses them as coin for meat and hide. I understand people have to make a living.”
“It’s not right. Not the way you see it.”
Erin was wiping her hands on her jeans, again and again. To that, Wiskeria gave her a flat stare.
“Then make the world otherwise. But this is how it is, and I don’t mind it enough to change. People suffer and do things to each other that are cruel, but allowed. That’s how a city functions. I don’t want to change the way Riverfarm works. In fact, I admire it. That is why I’m a [Witch of Law]. Law be my craft. Law and consequence and rules. Of course it sacrifices a few people for thousands.”
Erin stood up and looked at the barn, where the dead pig was and the piglets were setting up a clamor. She shook her head.
“That will not be my craft. That can’t be my craft.”
Wiskeria nodded reasonably.
“I know. You and I aren’t going to be alike. But I still like you. Do you still like me or did that change everything?”
She looked Erin in the eye, and the [Innkeeper] was quiet for a while. She thought of Elirr’s cats. How close were they to people? She heard people hunted and ate monkeys, and Humans and monkeys were far, far too close. How intelligent were they? Didn’t someone teach a gorilla to speak with sign language?
 
——
 
Wiskeria did not teach Erin anything easily. In fact, Erin knew she was like the great coven of the dead because she didn’t teach Erin any spells.
Much to Erin’s frustration, Wiskeria was teaching her how to be, not how to do. Which was fine—unless you wanted to shoot a lightning bolt into the storm. Just once. But no—Wiskeria was adamant.
“Erin, that’s not witchcraft. That’s certainly not my witchcraft, and even my mother would say you’re being silly. You and I can practice spells or making something after you learn my lesson.”
They were now mopping one of the mess halls by themselves, and Erin foresaw two hours given all the mess from boots. They’d already cleaned each table. Without Skills.
They had [Cleaners] in Riverfarm! Wiskeria had told them she and Erin would do this building by themselves. Erin growled at Wiskeria.
“Oh yeah? Would Belavierr call me ‘silly’? That’s what she’d say?”
Wiskeria sighed.
“I can tell that’s sarcasm. Is that sarcasm? Irony? No, is that a joke?”
“No, it’s me being angry!”
Wiskeria muttered under her breath.
“I see. If you want to know how my mother would say it, she’d say, ‘you conflate the power of [Mages] with magic in all its forms. They are a single ray reflected through the narrowest of slits in the wall, but visible to the naked eye. If you would chase that—chase that. But do not come to me when you realize the zenith of their power is to step beyond their pale confines. For we have always been there, and the [Archmages] learn that lesson far later.’”
