9.18 E
Page 44
There was so little light. It sparked, now and then in the distance, and Wiskeria saw the faint outlines of something. A lot of things.
She was surrounded. But nothing moved, so Wiskeria assumed that if this were a trap, she would have been slain. The question was—where was she and why?
“Hello? You’ve summoned me to your very being, whomever and whatever you are. Welcome me or attack me, but don’t leave me in silence. I am Wiskeria, daughter of Belavierr. Are you my mother’s enemy or friend?”
Wiskeria asked the most obvious question. Yet she received no answer. If this was some Daemon or spirit, she would assume it held a grudge against her mother.
Nothing. Now, Wiskeria heard sounds.
Drip, drip, drip. Something was running down, dripping into the watery floor upon which she walked. She heard a grinding, as of metal on metal, and she smelled iron in the air.
Blood? In the distance, that light sparked again. Again and again, a little flash in a void of nothingness. It was not one color she could see from so far; but it illuminated everything.
Something vast loomed around Wiskeria. She looked sideways and recoiled. Something was crouching over her. Wiskeria hesitated.
“[Light].”
She knew it wasn’t going to work. Magic didn’t fizzle out here; magic might not exist here. Sure enough, her hand produced nothing. At least she had her clothes, but they were only an idea. They were not the same clothes woven by her mother. If she imagined it…
Wiskeria walked through the darkness, and the swish of her robes vanished. For a second, she felt a chill and was naked. Then her clothes reappeared.
“Just an idea.”
The robes would not protect her, nor did she wish to be injured here. So where was this?
The light was the most obvious answer. Wiskeria did not want to touch…whatever was around her.
They were huge. Some of them loomed so tall she imagined they were as large as hills, and she had the uneasy feeling of things above even them. Yet nothing moved. She did not even know if they were alive.
Other things were broken as she walked, trying to time her movements to the erratic light, flashing, guiding her forwards. She kicked something heavy and nearly fell, then bent.
What am I walking through? Wiskeria felt something…wet as her fingers touched it. She brought it up, sniffed, and licked it. Then spat.
“Blood. Blood and rust and water and more.”
She could not name all of it. But it wasn’t a river of blood, which was promising. Not only blood.
To the light, then. Wiskeria ran smack bang into something as she walked into the water. It was heavy and hard, and when she recoiled, something fell to pieces, splashing into the water.
Did something die? She felt a sigh run through this place and backed away.
“If I am intruding—tell me. I have no eyes. I cannot see. If I cause offense, I apologize.”
Did anything hear her? She knew something was here, but she could not tell if it was one or myriad. Wiskeria could only continue onwards, to the light.
It was…far. Far enough that her legs burned by the time she reached it. It was a long journey, running into things that sometimes cut her slightly. Nothing moved until she drew closer to the light, whereupon she began to sense a kind of life, here.
If the darkness from where she had begun were filled with almost nothing, closer she began to pick out—presences.
Not life. There were no lungs, nor hearts to beat. If it were a life, it was a strange one, but it appraised her. Many, many lives, some faint and flickering, others cold, and most as old as time.
