9.18 E
Page 5
Erin glanced at Wiskeria, and she got her first smile of the day. Then Erin saw Mavika more clearly.
If you assumed Mavika lived off fear or…crow-stuff, you only understood part of her craft. But she was a [Witch]. A [Witch] of [Witches]; she was the literal [Witch] in people’s imaginations. And because they thought that and she confirmed it, she could do what they believed.
That was the kind of [Witch]-logic that hurt your head, but it was a valuable lesson. Wiskeria nodded to Mavika, and both women tipped their hats. Mavika stared pointedly at Erin, and the [Innkeeper] flapped her apron at her.
Five crows took flight and chased the two young women for two streets. When they finally flew away, Wiskeria glared at Erin.
“You pretend as well as Mavika. But you’re not certain.”
“I’m certainly upset about that! Rude! I was just being funny.”
Erin pointed back at Mavika. Wiskeria eyed her.
“You…you knew she wouldn’t appreciate that. Do you have to joke about everything? Listen. This is easy. You’re not certain. You waver, you’re not…you pretend to be an [Innkeeper], but I don’t think you are one. Mavika pretends and is herself or whomever she wants to be. She could be a charming [Courtesan] if she had to.”
Erin could literally not imagine that. She put her hands on her hips.
“Okay. Maybe, sometimes, I get a bit…nervous about the future. Yeah. But I have stressful things to worry about! I dither. So what?”
“So learn to fix it.”
The young woman waved a hand.
“Do I have to? Is that a requirement for being a [Witch] or can we just say I’m working on it?”
It was incredible. Really—Wiskeria, the normal [Witch], looked like she was more peeved after three hours in Erin’s company than she had been fighting a war against Goblins and dealing with the nobility at the Summer Solstice party. The questions, the backchat—the jokes—she took a deep breath and looked Erin in the eye.
“Before I answer that, I have a question. Erin, how did the [Witches] in the lands of the dead deal with you when you annoyed them?”
Erin bit her tongue. She didn’t want to say, ‘how did you know?’ Instead, she scuffed a foot on the ground innocently.
“They might have made me go talk to other ghosts. Or said really—and I mean really—hurtful stuff.”
To her surprise, Wiskeria’s mouth opened, and the [Witch of Law] snapped her fingers.
“That’s so odd. It must have been because they were ghosts. Otherwise they’d have showed you that.”
She pointed, and Erin looked around.
“What?”
Wiskeria smacked the back of Erin’s head so hard Erin staggered. When the outraged [Innkeeper] turned around, she threw a punch. Wiskeria kicked her right under her kneecap, and Erin swore. She raised a fist, and Wiskeria grabbed a passing mallet out of a [Builder]’s cart as they set up to build another house.
“Whoa, whoa! What are you doing?”
“Escalating. If you hit me, I’ll hit you harder.”
Wiskeria stared pointedly at Erin’s knife. The [Innkeeper] innocently let go of the handle.
“That hurt!”
“Good. It was meant to. Here you are.”
Wiskeria handed the hammer back and nodded to Beycalt, the [Construction Supervisor] of Riverfarm.
“Everything alright, Witch Wiskeria?”
“Just teaching our guests a lesson.”
Beycalt grinned as Erin rubbed at her knee and the back of her head. She debated punching Wiskeria in the shoulder and saw the [Witch] glance at her. Erin uncurled the fingers of her fist.
“Califor wouldn’t have done that.”
Wiskeria raised her eyebrows, looking amused again.
“Not twice. Now, are you going to be serious?”
