9.18 E
Page 36
“You’ve got a hat. Is…is that going to be your hat? Because I don’t think it fits you.”
She eyed the hat Erin had asked Agratha for when she’d seen it among the teacher’s collection. Erin had her chess hat and even a bowler cap because she thought the Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings would say it looked good on her.
But she was wearing another hat right now that Wiskeria was eying with clear distaste. Erin laughed.
“No! I’m just getting into the idea of wearing hats. How do I look? Milady?”
She tipped the fedora at Wiskeria with a wink. The other [Witch] eyed the hat. Then she slapped it off Erin’s head and into the rain.
“Hey! Okay, maybe that was justified. What about this hat?”
Her chess-hat made Wiskeria frown.
“Hm. It’s better. It still doesn’t quite fit you.”
Erin nodded.
“I know. I’ll give it more thought. But I’m warming to the hat thing. What’s the knife for?”
“Murder.”
The [Witch of Second Chances] hesitated, but Wiskeria simply sheathed her knife. Then she sighed and stared into the rain at the distant, heaving, raging river.
“The older [Witches] never taught you how to summon the soul of a place, did they? If they did, we could murder that old man right now.”
Erin blanched slightly.
“Murder? Wait, you want to kill him? Don’t you think he’ll get tired and stop if we keep him from flooding Riverfarm?”
She was appalled. Wiskeria gestured to the river.
“It’s already close to overflowing. How long is he going to rage? A week? A month? He might be back again and again. I want him dead.”
“No. This is my fault. I’ll try and talk to him, but he’s just—confused.”
Erin set her jaw. Wiskeria chuckled.
“Go ahead and try to reason with him. I don’t think he’ll listen or understand. I only wish I had a craft. I envy you; you’re almost upon it, aren’t you?”
The [Innkeeper] bit her tongue. She nodded slowly.
“I feel like I’m onto it. You really did teach me what I was looking for, Wiskeria. Why—why don’t you have a craft? Or the power, I mean?”
The [Witch of Law] shook her head.
“I don’t know. My class changed. I thought I found my craft, but whatever I’m trying to pull from Riverfarm’s folk isn’t…there. Perhaps it’s wrong or I am. My mother did not approve of my craft, only that I found it. It stands in opposition to what [Witches] are—even Agratha’s kind of [Witch]. I know that, but when I named it, I thought I was right. Perhaps I was not.”
A [Witch] should know when she was wrong. But she sat on the anvil, sighing. She was uncertain, worried about the future, and frustrated by her lack of power. Only Erin saw it. Slowly, the [Innkeeper] found a stool and sat with Wiskeria in the forge.
“Wiskeria. Do you mind if you talk about your craft with me? You’re the most honest person I’ve met. No one’s ever totally honest. Not even Revi. She’s just mean. But you say what you’re feeling. Like a Goblin.”
“…Thanks?”
That was the last thing Wiskeria wanted to hear as someone who wanted to fit in. But then—Erin was that person Wiskeria wanted to be. Someone who pretended so well that she fooled herself, the likable [Innkeeper], if a touch too eccentric and ‘zany’ for Wiskeria’s tastes.
And Erin wanted to be a [Witch] as sure as Wiskeria. They had passed acquaintanceship into mutual envy.
Envy…and opposition. They both felt it. At their cores, they believed different things. Erin might slay the man in the river if there were no other choice and he was a monster.
Wiskeria wanted to kill him. Now, Wiskeria tried to explain what her craft was.
