9.18 E
Page 13
Wiskeria pointed to the witching street, where, at night, [Witches] would scare people or commit pranks. There were even warning signs posted about when the allowed mischief began. Oliyaya’s street even seemed darker, the shadows longer.
“Have you seen Oliyaya’s current apprentice? The one with scars?”
“She wears a scarf sometimes? Yeah…what about her?”
Erin sighed. It really was a…a scary face? No, but it was disturbing, and it wasn’t the girl’s fault; it had been a fire before Oliyaya found her. But she did seem to revel in the looks she got. Wiskeria nodded.
“Oliyaya took her in. She told her apprentice that if her face scares people—she could use that in her craft. Just like Oliyaya doesn’t mind being the ‘bad witch’. If you’re petty or you have a scar, if you are something—embrace it. It’s not always right, but a lot of [Witches] are that. Qualities, good and bad, taken and made into craft.”
“Aha. I think I’m more on Oliyaya’s side—I mean, the big magic—than Agratha’s.”
Wiskeria shrugged.
“Perhaps. But you don’t seem like you’d stand for another [Witch] causing trouble on your turf. If I were in your coven, I’d be careful about doing something to annoy you.”
Erin opened her mouth to object and then reflected, honestly, that this was true. The last spellcaster she had opposed had gotten a faceful of death curry right before she asked Grimalkin to punch Palt and the others. Wiskeria summed up Oliyaya’s entire ethos with a simple fact.
“Witch Alevica is one of Oliyaya’s best pupils. She pretty much represents the best and worst of Oliyaya’s teachings.”
Erin whistled; that made sense. She turned to Wiskeria.
“Okay, I sort of get what’s wrong about how I’m acting. I’m thinking of a hat—what do you think my craft is? Can I find it?”
She was hoping now was the time to do some magic, but for answer, Wiskeria just raised her brows.
“That depends on whether you can learn the lesson. Come on. It’s not even midday yet. I have a lot to do, and sewing wasn’t one of them.”
So she led Erin off, and to her dismay—the [Innkeeper] realized that, [General] or not, Wiskeria really was a normal [Witch]. She kept looking for the lesson, but she missed it as they patrolled Riverfarm, helped till a field since there were no farmhands, and went picking rare herbs in the forest. Wiskeria taught her about herbcraft, talked about basic spells to ward off insects, and the aspects of being a [Witch]—alchemy and spellcraft, people skills and herblore, and more.
It was the most boring stuff Erin could have dreamed of.
 
——
 
That night, Wiskeria let Erin go and watched the [Innkeeper] practically race away to catch up with her friends and the other people from Liscor. She thought Erin had been holding her tongue ever since evening began, and the impatience coming off her was practically an aura in itself.
“Is she going to learn? At least one more day.”
Wiskeria wasn’t mad—she was just curious whether this was a waste of time or not. She liked Erin and felt like Erin liked her, but they were diametrically different. But if she found out what Wiskeria wanted her to see, what Belavierr had taught her and ruined forever…
Well. That would be worth it.
With Erin gone, Wiskeria walked across the river and patrolled the riverbank, listening hard. She noticed a few crows sitting in the trees, and she’d seen Hedag and some other [Witches] doing this throughout the day, in between spying on her and Erin.
