9.18 E
Page 27
Then Wiskeria’s foot touched the ground. Forty feet away, she completed her step, and the wind blew through the closed room and across the [Innkeeper]’s tied-up hair. Erin felt the bandana she’d tied to her forehead rustle in a breeze that smelled fresh, like the same lavender soap. She saw Wiskeria turn—and then felt the same breeze run past her.
Erin looked down—and the sweeping stroke from Wiskeria’s mop ran across the room like a shockwave. Erin saw the mud and grit flow across the room and gently come to rest in a line against the wall where Wiskeria stood. She looked down and saw sparkling floorboards at her feet.
If Silveran the Cleaner had been here, he would have fallen to his knees and stared at the pristine floorboards. Then he would have looked up at the [Witch] he had disparaged and seen Wiskeria’s smile and the sweat she wiped from her forehead as she lifted the mop in triumph.
“I knew I could do it! There, did you see that, Erin? Do you understand?”
“Wh—wh—wh—what was that?”
Erin stuttered as she pointed to the [Witch of Law]. For answer, Wiskeria planted the mop on the floor, and it stood upright as she spread her hands and laughed as she walked across the clean mess hall.
“Magic. Just like Mother showed me. Real magic. Not a Skill. A perfect brush. Just like a perfect swing of the blade or heft of the shovel. I’ve been trying for two days. Mother? She could do it every twenty-ninth time she swept with a broom.”
“What? Belavierr has super-sweeping Skills? What’s…”
Then Erin caught herself and looked, because this was it. She thought about what Wiskeria was saying and then the lesson the [Witch] was trying to impart. Then Erin looked at the mop in her hands.
“Wait. Is this why you enjoyed mopping so much?”
Wiskeria corrected Erin.
“I didn’t enjoy it. I was trying to master it. I wanted to be good at mopping. Just like everything else. Because it’s beautiful to see an expert work. Haven’t you ever admired that?”
Erin had been introduced to Jelov, the spitty [Carver]. She had seen him trim a curl of wood twice the length of her arm off a totem pole-in-progress. She had seen Ksmvr demonstrate his new school of swords, and yes, she had seen Relc’s spear dances.
All these things were beautiful and made her faintly jealous or purely admire the skill, not Skill involved. Erin would admit to watching Youtube videos back at home of an expert chef flipping pieces of pizza, and she remembered…she’d even seen someone handling a line of shopping carts a hundred long and maneuvering them into place more easily than she could swing a single one around in a shopping mall.
Wasn’t that cool? Of course it was. Just…that was work. It wasn’t like a skateboarder performing a trick or grinding down a handrail. Right?
Wiskeria never saw the difference. But she did see the dawning realization in Erin’s eyes. And the heart of the lesson? She broke into a beaming smile and lifted her empty hands. Then she brought them together in a clapping sound.
Only, something about the way she struck her hands together was perfect. It was the loudest clap Erin had ever heard in her entire life. Like someone who had looked at the very act of clapping their hands and worked on timing and angle until they produced the crispest, loudest sound in existence.
And unlike Earth—there was magic in it. The air rippled out from Wiskeria’s hands, and Erin’s hair blew back as her eardrums howled.
