9.18 E
Page 31
She stared about the rain, not angry, just sighing. Waiting to see if her future awaited. But Erin?
Erin had seen magic. She had begun awakening to something, and Revi saw it on her face. But the Antinium?
The [Innkeeper] slowly rose and spoke so Nanette and Mrsha and Revi and everyone else could hear.
“I didn’t forget the Antinium, Revi. I just didn’t include them in my craft because I was asked what I really thought was in my heart. And…I love them, and I’ll do anything I can for them. But I don’t know if where they’re going is where I can follow. Pawn especially.”
Lyonette had come out of the awnings, and she stood under another umbrella, looking at Erin. The young woman’s face was slightly sad, slightly happy for them.
“I don’t understand Klbkch’s people, either. I know that. I’ve only met two of them—well, three, if you count the Free Queen. I can’t make them part of my craft.”
“Well—just don’t forget about them. Don’t put Goblins over Antinium.”
Erin looked hurt that Revi even suggested it. She shook her head.
“I wouldn’t. It’s just that I understand one thing about Goblins. I know I haven’t met them all, and there are…secrets.”
She paused a second, then went on.
“I know that. But one thing makes sense to me. A perspective. No killing Goblins.”
There it was, her oldest refrain. Wiskeria’s brows rose, because she had not known this about Erin. But the [Innkeeper] stood there.
“Some might be terrible. Some might be good but do terrible things because they don’t know better or they think they have to. But that is something I’m certain about. So it’s my craft. Chess? Chess is just in my blood. Antinium are my craft, but they’re learning to be themselves so fast I can’t keep up. I’ll help them and serve them food, but they’re playing a game I can’t see anymore. All by themselves.”
She said that so wistfully it made Revi’s skin crawl. Because Emperor Laken Godart had issued a ban on telling Erin or her friends about the Antinium’s crusade against the High Passes. Yet—it was almost as if Erin knew and expected something like this would happen.
And Wiskeria? She looked at Erin, straight-backed, the fire of sadness fizzling out in the rain, that certainty upon her.
So certain. Wiskeria had never felt that way about anything but her mother’s magic. She touched her chest and found only emptiness. Nor did she believe Erin was right about Goblins, not from the history that Wiskeria had learned from her mother, who had met and spoken to their Kings.
But Wiskeria envied that look in Erin’s eyes. As unyielding as pure mithril. Then her head rose, and she heard a shriek—she looked at Erin and then rotated around. But the rain fell on as Revi sneezed, and Erin laughed and Typhenous suggested they all have something hot to drink. Wiskeria though…she looked around for the answer to her mystery.
All she saw was rain.
 
——
 
“It’s raining, it’s pouring
The old man is roaring
He’ll get out of bed
Drag you to death
And devour your blood in the morning.”
—Creepy [Witch] girl, singing outside Laken’s window, 23 A.F.
 
It was a strange thing. The next day, the winds and rain were no less intense. In fact, the storm seemed worse, and by now, it seemed clear that the river was going to flood.
And flood higher than Prost had estimated by far. However, Riverfarm’s neighbors to the north and south reported an uncanny phenomenon; they had only a little bit of rain, and if anything, the river’s water levels had dropped.
