9.18 E
Page 6
Her only response was a long exhalation from Erin, and then the [Innkeeper] snapped back.
“Alright. Fine. I’m not certain about things. So how do I fix it? I don’t like making mistakes, and I have. I had…a helper I mistreated. Toren. I got a friend killed, even if he came back. People die when I make mistakes.”
“Fine, but be certain when you commit. Dither too long or while you’re doing something and fail. You know that.”
Erin’s stomach clenched. She didn’t like talking about it, but Wiskeria seemed to understand her dilemmas. Erin whispered.
“What if I’m wrong?”
Her reply was Wiskeria raising her eyebrows and giving her a calm smile.
“Then you’ll be certain you made a mistake. Listen, you know this doesn’t mean certainty about everything. Just…what are you certain about? What do you know very, very well? We should find your craft and make that hat, so this is a great place to begin.”
Erin stood there, rubbing her head, and the answer was actually easy. She took a breath.
“Goblins. And chess.”
If there were any two things in this world that defined her and that she was certain about—Wiskeria didn’t scoff, she just nodded, pleased.
“Well then. That’s excellent, you know. I had to search for a long time to find out what I was certain about. That’ll be the basis of everything you do and how you decide things. I’m sure it is.”
“Yeah.”
Erin felt calmer when she said that. She began walking on, and then she realized one of the crows who attacked her was flying from perch to perch. She glanced over her shoulder, and Agratha stood behind one of the nighttime lantern-poles that Laken had ordered built. She was actually almost invisible despite being too wide to hide; a mundane little illusion spell kept her hidden.
But Erin and Wiskeria still noticed. Erin growled to Wiskeria.
“Is every [Witch] in Riverfarm watching me?”
The other [Witch] just raised her brows.
“They want to teach you, and they probably want our secrets. [Witches] can be grand and helpful and work together and be as petty as cats. And they’re better than most people at both.”
Erin sighed. So far, the day had led her to sweeping for half an hour, being made fun of by an [Emperor], and now she had a sore head and knee. And yet…she glanced sideways at Wiskeria.
“Well, what about you, then? What are you certain about?”
Therein was the charm, because Wiskeria only took one second before she told Erin, and that directness was what Erin wanted, even if Wiskeria were right and she didn’t do it herself.
“I’m certain in what I admire and love and find worthy. Hence—my craft, although it’s a strange connection.”
[Witch of Law]. Erin raised her brows, and Wiskeria nodded to Oliyaya, innocently pretending to plant mushrooms in a trough outside someone’s house, much to the homeowner’s dismay. The woman gave a huge, twisted smile to the two, and Wiskeria muttered to Erin.
“Even I don’t feel like elaborating right now.”
Understandable. Erin saw Oliyaya sigh—then Oliyaya’s head snapped up as the [Innkeeper] innocently put her hands behind her back.
“Do you know what your mother was certain about?”
Wiskeria’s eyes glittered.
“Not where it started. But yes. My mother is certain…that it was worth it. Despite it all, and however long it has been. It was worth it.”
Erin shivered, and Oliyaya cackled as they went on. Wiskeria glanced at Erin and seemed compelled to offer Erin an olive branch.
