9.18 E
Page 11
So she began with showing Erin how to thread a needle and the most basic of tasks, and once again, Erin found herself slightly bored, but less so than sweeping because the [Witches] did talk. They talked about work, projects, gossiped about folks in Riverfarm—but more interesting than regular gossip.
“Cheating on her husband? Well, that will be a to-do when it comes to light. Tsk, tsk.”
Agratha’s coven discussed an affair occurring in Riverfarm, complete with salacious details like the couple meeting in the forest in the dead of night. Unlike gossip, though, this didn’t end with them all tut-tutting or one person speculating on what might happen. Another circle might be the leak from which the entire affair was exposed by. Agratha’s?
“We should have the truth out before it festers. The trick is keeping the husband from going off in a rage and the couple from becoming pariahs—for too long. How sensible is the man?”
Another [Witch], Qitene, the one with the curving headpiece of colors, was a [Cloth Witch], and she was even a Stitch-woman. She was best at working here, although she seemed oddly intimidated by Wiskeria, even though the [Witch of Law] wasn’t doing more than teaching Erin how to sew a straight line. She responded.
“He listens to [Witches], and I think he knows something is amiss. As for a temper—who doesn’t run hot? At least the other fellow has no fiancée or partner of his own.”
Agratha nodded.
“Then let’s pluck the thorn before it festers. I, myself, might go down and have a talk with the man. Does anyone have some small bit of craft for the daughter? Something to delight a girl of six. I need a suitable vintage if he might want to drink, and I will prevail on the [Chef] for a good meal. Then we will have a chat, he and I.”
“And the partners?”
Agratha’s smile was neither nice nor malicious as her fingers worked over the cloth with a needle of her own.
“I understand one of the two is a former [Trader] in class? A month or two of transporting goods to the Unseen Empire’s other settlements and allies might keep them out of Riverfarm. I shall ask His Majesty or Mister Prost about it.”
Erin listened thoughtfully as the coven agreed this might be for the best. In this way, she was reminded of her inn. She had bad guests.
Even Relc had been one, and Menolit too, at times. Agratha’s methods were more direct. She nudged and used very basic ideas like…talking to someone or reassigning the cheating couple to prevent the social wrath of Riverfarm from falling on them.
Her craft, her magic, was very mundane. But it was there, like the little toy that Agratha accepted from one of the other [Witches]. It was one of those wooden propeller-toys that you could spin in your hands to make fly. Only, this one could hover and spin for far longer than it should or return to you if you shot it high into the air. Agratha bowed and owed the other [Witch] a small debt.
“I shall take his daughter’s laughter and make him a brooch of it to wear, that poor man. If he is wise, and if his friends and family support him, that should balm the wound in his heart.”
Subtle magic, for a [Witch] in the modern day. Thoughtfully, Erin doodled on a piece of foolscap as Agratha’s own hat, the cheerful red hat over a sweater and robes, made her look so normal.
Yet she still had magic. Which begged the question—
“What does Oliyaya’s craft look like, Witch Agratha? I know you’re opposed to her. If this is how you help people, how does she?”
