9.18 E
Page 29
At least one person wasn’t happy about Wiskeria’s demonstration of magic. She didn’t think it made sense. Or was fair. Predictably—that person was Revi.
And no, it wasn’t because she was sulking. Especially because she had been ready to grudgingly hang out with Erin and was expecting Mrsha to pester her favorite Gold-rank team, and she hadn’t.
But there was more to it than just that. She stood with Typhenous under a magical spell that kept the rain from falling on them. A shimmering stream of liquid in the air curving in a parabola that was called, well, [Water Umbrella]. Tier 3 in complexity, pretty cool looking too.
Nothing like the way a [Witch] clapped her hands. Typhenous was, as always, studying, but Revi folded her arms. Her complaint was cut off by the sight of Erin bending down to talk to the blank-faced Nanette.
“At least she has her priorities straight. But I’m going to give her a piece of my mind. What do you think?”
“No one could stop you from doing that, Revi. In physical form or…? I could hold a pair of scissors.”
The Stitch-woman turned, and Typhenous skipped out of the Goblin-style jab she gave him. He stroked his beard, smiling. Revi folded her arms.
“Witches. Why do they have the power to do that, Typhenous?”
“Simply because they cannot throw a fireball the size of a house with the same…oh, ease we can, Revi. I have often been fascinated by other spellcasters.”
“Gotten anywhere with Eloise yet?”
Typhenous calmly plucked a flower out of his sleeve, and Revi snorted. He showed her the yellow rose and then winked.
“I picked up some tea from the south of Izril. Drake and Gnollish.”
“Is that why you volunteered to go to Invrisil? You rogue!”
“Only in a previous life, Revi. [Rogue] is so…well, it consolidates. As for [Witches]—you should know they gain something for not having direct magical power. You are a [Summoner].”
“I still have to obey magical rules.”
Revi sulked, but Typhenous was in his lecturing mood and enthusiastic.
“Ah, but a [Witch] does obey rules. Just not the ones any regular [Mage] who listens to Wistram’s claptrap understands. My observation is that we [Mages] and related classes are rather mathematical. We add together force and power in a steady chain, such that while Archmage Valeterisa and Eldavin and so on can perform incredible feats, if you understand the equation, you can see how they arrived at the result.”
Revi cracked an eyelid open.
“…Go on.”
Typhenous smiled.
“If five times five is an immutable law in magic—Skills can make a shortcut or add another multiplier. I do not suggest Witch Wiskeria can break the rules of magic entirely. Rather, a [Witch] cannot multiply as well as a [Mage]. But a [Witch] can turn ‘5’ blue. And if they add a bit of yellow they’ll get green.”
Revi considered that explanation as she watched Mrsha clapping her paws and demanding to learn Wiskeria’s ways. Then she shook her head.
“You can just say they get magical tricks, Typhenous.”
The old man heaved a huge, aggrieved sigh.
“They get magical tricks, Revi. There. Happy? What were you going to harangue Miss Erin about?”
“The poor Antinium!”
And with that, Revi went storming across the ground, finger raised. She was happy that Erin turned to her with a big smile on her face.
“Revi! There you are! How’s it going? Where’s Gothica?”
“Sewing up some new designs. Impressive Goblin you’ve got there—Erin, I have a bone to pick with you! I heard you said your craft was Goblins and chess! Where are the Antinium?”
Revi was outraged as Erin gave her a blank look.
“How do you know that?”
