9.18 E
Page 42
But instead—Laken Godart sent Gamel to fetch some snacks, a drink, and two cookies. Then he went back to listening to Mrsha’s advice. It…might pay to be in her good graces after all.
 
——
 
Wiskeria was following a voice. Two voices, now. Like Erin finding her craft—the [Witch of Law] was finding something.
It called to her. Though she had first taken it as danger, now she realized the voice was calling to her.
Calling, in a language—if it could even be called a language—so foreign that even she, who could speak to riverbeds and shadows and read the moons, couldn’t understand it.
It made her skin crawl. It was more than the pricking of her thumbs or the twitching of her toes. It was the clenching of her gut and the feeling that she had a date with the outhouse.
She had never felt this before. By the rumble of my bowels, something strange this way howls.
And she knew where it was. But what—even Wiskeria was not prepared for it.
Every [Witch] had heard the second voice. Only Erin and Wiskeria had heard the first. But the second had been located, and no less than thirty [Witches] were heading towards Wiskeria as she met them in the wet. Nor had it been hard for them to find what was calling to Wiskeria. It was loud, terrible, a frightening sound.
Hedag led the group as Mavika, Eloise, Agratha, Oliyaya, and all the older [Witches] advanced. Their pointed hats matched Wiskeria’s blue one and Erin’s chess hat. The [Innkeeper]’s eyes went round as she saw what was shouting at Wiskeria.
It sounded like the rumble in your bones. The impact of something heavy—but sharp. It sounded like metal’s screech and terrible duty.
The voice, the object that spoke, was in Hedag’s hands as the [Witch] stared at it.
It was her axe.
Her axe was the voice. Wiskeria halted dead in her tracks.
“Hedag? Your axe is calling me?”
“Wiskeria. What craft is this? What voice runs in my bones? No Hedag has ever known this axe to speak. It is just an axe; I have replaced handle and metal again and again. Now, though—it disturbs me. Something is screaming through my axe. I fear to let it go.”
Hedag’s smile was gone. The vast smile of the terrible [Witch] who dispensed justice in places far from cities and Watches was wary. She showed the axe, brown with faded blood and sharp—a headwoman’s blade for one purpose—to Wiskeria.
It had taken more lives than many warriors’ swords. But it was not enchanted. Oh, it had sometimes born craft on its blade to deliver a final justice—but it was not a magical item.
Yet it shouted. Every instinct in Erin’s body said that if an axe started screaming at you, either pray it was a friendly, enchanted weapon or don’t pick it up.
[Witches] were sensible. Most of them had the same opinion, but Wiskeria shook her head.
“There are two voices, Hedag. One has been calling me for days, but I couldn’t tell where it was. This axe is saying the same thing—but louder. I think…my craft calls them.”
“Your craft? But your craft is useless—”
Agratha interjected before she fell silent. Wiskeria’s gaze flicked to her in annoyance.
“That was what I began to think. It seems like we were wrong. I will take the axe and see where it leads me, Hedag.”
“It is your choice, Witch Wiskeria. But I believe we must insist on watching to see what happens. Just in case.”
Eloise called out, and the other [Witches] nodded. They were worried, Erin realized. In fact, Agratha, despite her comments, had already drawn her cudgel. Mavika’s raven was on her shoulder, and Eloise’s eyes were glowing. She had actually brought a cup of tea out, but not to sip at.
