9.18 E
Page 1
“Yes.”
“Do I get second chances?”
Wiskeria looked confused.
“Why would you? No. Is that normal to…?”
A note of uncertainty entered her voice, but she caught herself and shook her head.
“No, maybe it is. But not for witchcraft. I won’t come after you or curse you or do anything else. We’ll just stop if I think I can’t teach you or you’re not trying. No second chances. We’re done.”
“For how long?”
An exasperated tone entered Wiskeria’s voice.
“Forever. Until the last Giants die. Until the marrow of the earth rots. Until time expires. I didn’t think I needed to explain that.”
Erin shrugged helplessly, but she felt a strange tingling in her stomach. Anticipation, perhaps. Nerves, as well as…well, Wiskeria didn’t understand why Erin smiled.
“I just wanted to make sure.”
Witches played for keeps. That was the true element of Wiskeria’s nature hidden behind her facade. When she said ‘done’, she meant it. If she threatened to hurt you—she meant it.
Wiskeria rubbed at her eyes and yawned. She gazed at Erin as they stood just outside Wiskeria’s home on the edge of Riverfarm, far enough out that their voices wouldn’t wake the regular citizens.
“I’m sorry. Perhaps I’m just tired. Poor sleep. I was up all night chasing a screaming mouse or something.”
“Are—are those normal around here?”
“Who knows? It doesn’t matter—seeing me when I’m not at my best will teach you how a [Witch] lives. Which is the point. You need lessons in what being a [Witch] means. You need a hat and to find your craft. Three problems. So—I am going to teach you like my mother taught me. Now—”
Wiskeria broke off and closed her eyes for a second. She stared at Erin waving her hands urgently, because the [Innkeeper] had some instant reservations.
“Um. Exactly like your mother taught you?”
Erin didn’t think she wanted to become Belavierr 2.0. However, Wiskeria just shook her head.
“Growing up as Belavierr’s daughter isn’t the same as learning witchcraft from her. It’s all I know. Now, we’ll pretend you’re learning the basics. Follow me.”
Thus began Erin’s lessons with Wiskeria. It would be a lie to say she wasn’t concerned about it all. She had messed up big with the Water Elemental, but Wiskeria was possibly the most concerning teacher out of everyone in Riverfarm she could have asked.
Belavierr’s daughter. Like it or not, that was a reputation that concerned even Erin herself.
…Let alone Mrsha, half-snoozing as she spied on the two from the corner of a house. Lyonette was yawning and holding Mrsha in her arms. Joining them was Numbtongue, wearing only pants, and Ulvama.
Not all in the same corner, even. Lyonette saw Numbtongue waving at her and pointing at Wiskeria. She made a face and shrugged as Mrsha sleepily frowned at Wiskeria.
None of Erin’s family and allies were exactly sure if this was a good idea. Nor, it seemed, was anyone else. Lyonette realized there was a hatted woman standing in the shadow of another roof and jumped as she saw Hedag, the massive woman with the axe and brown robes, silent as a statue.
Then Mrsha froze, sniffed the air, and looked up, and Numbtongue nearly drew his sword when he glanced up and saw Mavika perching on a roof’s ledge overhead. Both [Witches] glanced at Erin’s group. Then they pointedly looked at Gamel, trying to hide behind a wheelbarrow. Ulvama stared hard at Mavika, who ignored her completely. In silence, the groups eyed each other as Erin started her day.
 
——
 
