9.18 E
Page 39
Faced with such things, people were like those ants, building a tiny shelter out of ideas and innovation, and when something rose up, they swarmed over it and died by the millions. But a single mortal soul sometimes killed the immortal Dragon or the deathless horror. That was triumph, to her.
“Law. People make all kinds of laws and live by them. Because of law—you can make a civilization thrive. Someday, if Mother ever comes to your world or if a nation rises large enough, it will not be one hero, but the laws, the entire nation which slowly kills her. It might be the end of witchcraft, the end of wilderness and magic itself. But I still admire it.”
Ah. The air left Erin’s lungs, and she saw Wiskeria for what she was at last. So that was why she disturbed the other [Witches]. That was the contradiction at the heart of her class, her craft.
She was a [Witch of Law] indeed. A witch of civilization, of the very idea that ran counter to [Witch] magic. A witch of mortality and the modern age.
“You would love it on Earth, Wiskeria.”
The woman turned, and Erin could almost see it. Wiskeria would love it.
“You could be a normal person if you wanted. Walk into…I don’t know, a cafe? Shop and sing karaoke, work any job, and fly without magic. Yes, I think Earth might make you happy. Because we can reach the moon, and maybe we could fight a war against Seamwalkers and the kind of thing A’ctelios Salash is with nothing more than ideas and a lot of courage.”
Wiskeria’s lips curved into a smile.
“I would like to see that. But you don’t love it?”
Erin shrugged.
“I’m like you. I was raised there, and so I don’t love all the technology that makes sense all the time. I wanted to find magic, and I did. Here. I can’t understand loving a world run by laws. Laws…do terrible things. Not all laws are good, and they make people suffer, sometimes, yeah, so that a lot of people benefit. People twist laws to their advantage.”
Home. She loved parts of it, like hot water and the internet—parts of the internet—and convenience, but this place made her feel alive. Would she want to go home? For her family, yes. For the rest?
Wiskeria reached out and gently touched Erin’s shoulder.
“We truly are different. I think, Erin, that I don’t have much more to teach you. But I should like to be friends. Either that or the best of enemies.”
She beamed, and Erin laughed at the strange [Witch of Law]. Then she hugged Wiskeria impulsively, and Wiskeria patted her on the head. Then Wiskeria heard the sound that had kept her sleepless night after night.
It screamed to her, a sound unlike any she had ever heard. Her eyes snapped open, and Erin jerked.
She’d heard it too. As they embraced, Wiskeria’s strange sound made Erin start.
“What the—”
“You heard it? Where are you? I’ve never heard anything like it. I thought it was a ghast or some kind of ancient enemy stalking me. But it’s beckoning me. I just can’t tell where. Somewhere in Riverfarm.”
Wiskeria had a knife out in a flash. She dashed out into the rain; it was closer! It was calling her. But Erin stood there for a second. Her eyes opened wide.
“Wiskeria. You’ve been hearing—that?”
The [Witch of Law] turned at the recognition in Erin’s tone. The [Innkeeper] knew that sound very well. Erin Solstice saw Wiskeria look back, for never once had Belavierr’s daughter heard nor conceived of that shrill sound that sounded like a scream with no lips.
But Erin—it sounded to Erin like the piercing sound that was entirely automated. The digital, shrill sound of an alarm. But if a siren could have a voice—
