9.18 E
Page 14
They were all listening to the old man. After yesterday, people had taken care when drawing water and moving around it, but it wasn’t like he had any power without a body. Erin had given him a body and magic—right now, he was the river.
What Wiskeria didn’t like was that he was quiet. He didn’t weep or speak or beg. He was quiet, as if he had died. Or as if he were a river or stream not old or magical enough to have a personality.
She didn’t like it. But once more, Wiskeria knew that if she wanted to slay him or stop him from doing anything else, she would need to perform a sacrifice or work a great craft of her own, and she had none. So, she just listened and went back to her home.
Once there, she took her hat off, stretched out in an armchair, and watched the scrying orb while she took a load off. She laughed and stared at the people on the various channels and television networks, trying to figure out why they did those things. After she felt rested, she got up and began to bake some bread so she had food for breakfast.
Something with almonds; she’d gotten a big basket as a gift from a [Forager]. She ground some up to add to her flour and kept watching the scrying orb. What a boon it was! She loved seeing other people like this, and this way she didn’t have to spy on them or watch out of the corner of her eyes.
Wiskeria was letting the bread rise in the stone oven and about to pop out to get some pumpkin soup for a lovely dinner that would be mildly appetizing to her. A fine, home-cooked meal that would never compare with the feasts Belavierr lavished on her as a child, from magical cornucopias and every great kingdom of old.
She was just opening the door when she heard the shrieking sound again. For a third time that day, when it had woken her up before dawn, in the sewing circle, and now—Wiskeria heard it.
A scream with no vocal cords, no voice. A kind of…was it even a scream? It sounded like that, but it was so foreign that Wiskeria froze—then she drew a knife and wand and was racing around her home.
“Where are you? Where are you? Come out and face me, come out from where you hide. Let you or I come to blood and one of us now dies.”
Furious this time, she chanted a little spell and cast it wide, hoping to grab something and provoke it to battle. It would have worked if it were a screaming mouse like she claimed, but her spell found…nothing.
Nothing. Wiskeria searched, without rest, ears perked, until she sensed her bread was almost done in the oven. Cursing, she sheathed her weapons and took it out.
Where was that sound? Not even Erin heard it, and she heard the old man in the river. Is it just me?
Not once did it occur to Wiskeria that she might be crazy. She just wished her mother was here. Her mother would be the best resource for anything unknown.
To Wiskeria, a scream in your head, the flicker out of the corner of your eye? That was either an illusion of your head or something actually being there. Neither one was wrong, and she was almost positive it wasn’t in her head.
So why? Why, why, why? Wiskeria settled into her rest uneasily. She kept a knife right next to her hand in her bed, and she cast three wards to find invisible intruders. She didn’t expect the scream again, but to her surprise, it woke her just past dawn. The scream echoed in her ears, and she ran in her nightclothes, bursting out her door, head swinging around wildly.
