9.18 E
Page 60
Everything was going to be different. Nanette sat in a carriage and knew that truth. But [Witches] knew these things, and a little girl, Mrsha, gripped her hand and kept glancing at her to make sure she was okay.
Lyonette was speaking about rooms and friends and the city, and Nanette saw the [Witches] standing there. They tipped their hats to her as the carriage began to move away.
She left her hat behind. It sat on the tombstone, and Nanette felt light. She felt alive, and she saw the anxious [Witch of Second Chances], the [Magical Innkeeper], watching her.
Suddenly, Nanette wanted to know how Erin had met Califor, properly this time. She was hungry, and her feet hurt, and she felt thin, and her robes were smelly from not being washed for a while.
“Miss Solstice?”
“You can call me Erin, Nanette. In fact, you’ve gotta if we’re living together. Miss Solstice is, like, my mom’s name.”
Erin smiled—then froze and looked guilty—and a Goblin wearing black kicked her so hard in the shins Erin swore. Nanette stared fearfully at Gothica, but then she felt the urge to laugh and had to hide it.
But she was no longer a [Witch]. So what came out of her mouth was hard to hide.
“You really did meet my mother?”
Erin looked up.
“I swear I did. Her ghost was so—so tough she kept me safe the entire time I was dead. And she kept talking about you. She made me promise to seek you out, even if you didn’t like me.”
Nanette nodded. Then she felt a prickling in her eyes. Not a twitching in her toes or a crawling of her skin. Tears, wet and mundane, began to spill from her eyes. She sniffed—and her nose ran—and the [Princess] gave her a handkerchief, and the girl, Mrsha, patted her hand anxiously. The [Innkeeper] looked at Nanette, a reflection of grief in her eyes. Nanette began to sob, but she asked.
“Was she—did she look happy? Did she put a smile on other people’s faces?”
She began to cry as they left Riverfarm. Cry and cry, but not without end. With all the grief she’d been holding in her hat. Then she listened as Erin told her stories, and sobbed and ate and breathed.
All the while, a little Gnoll girl was patting her hand and telling her not to cry because they had a chocolate tree. And—and she’d introduce Nanette to Visma and Ekirra, and they were going to be best friends.
The two were so upset that Ser Sest did the only thing he knew to do when a [Princess] was crying, and began to try and sing a lullaby, as if they were both six. Then Mrsha tried to attack him, and Nanette tried to pull the Gnoll off the [Knight].
Then she and Mrsha looked at each other, and both thought they saw a reflection, however strange. Nanette stopped crying and felt guilty. Until she realized she had years and decades and however long she lived and thereafter to cry.
She was so tired of it and so guilty at being tired—until Mrsha solemnly took her hand. Then she began trying to explain who she was, beginning with her names, and she had many. Nanette bent over the writing Gnoll.
“Who’s Relc? Who’s Gire-u-lashia? Are you sure they’ll like me?”
They had better. Or I’ll stab them with a toothpick.
Mrsha puffed out her cheeks and stomach fiercely; she hadn’t quite mastered posturing. But then she was asking what Nanette liked.
“I—I do like sweet things. And flowers and herbs.”
Then we’ll go to Wailant’s first! He’s a [Pirate].
“A [Pirate]? I’ve only met a few crews.”
Then Mrsha’s eyes went round, and she looked at Nanette. And she realized that she, Mrsha the Worldly, had a friend almost, possibly slightly more travelled than she.
