9.18 E
Page 48
Then she saw it, and her eyes, green and yellow, like a plain field of daisies, turned red as she wept tears like the liquid in this place into the ground. Her nose and ears ran with blood, and Wiskeria felt a dozen hands grabbing at her, like shadows.
She was dying. Death spoke to her, and Wiskeria felt blood vessels rupture. Yet—
“I hear you.”
They wanted something from her. Wiskeria smiled through bloody teeth. Smiled and smiled as [Witches] hauled her back. She looked down at the bright lights.
“I agree.”
Then she felt a crow flapping its wings, a burning hand on her shoulder, and the Hedag’s law howled in triumph as a hand as dainty and firm as steel itself took her and—
 
——
 
Wiskeria opened her eyes. Then she began to cough, and she was deaf and blind. Blood ran from her ears, down her throat, and a dozen hands were on her.
“We have her back! Hedag, the axe!”
Agratha shouted, and Hedag raised Master Helm’s hammer with eyes that sparked with cold intent. She lifted the hammer high and brought it down upon her very tool—
“Stop!”
Hedag’s arm jerked as Wiskeria screamed. The other [Witches] recoiled as Wiskeria threw out a hand. Wiskeria spat blood from her mouth and realized they had taken her inside the smithy.
“Stop. Stop—don’t break it. It’s yours. They didn’t harm me. It didn’t harm me. They were just too loud. As vast as an idea even beasts understand. Even when they whispered, it was enough to overwhelm me. Do insects have laws?”
She was babbling. The [Witches] stared at her, and Erin knew the answer to the question.
“Wiskeria. What happened?”
The [Witch of Law] sat there. Then she wiped at the blood coming from her face. She felt at her ears and realized her eardrums were not burst; a relief. She stood shakily.
She felt alive. Alive and giddy—and terrified! How long had it been since…? She smiled with bloody teeth, and Agratha eyed her worriedly. But Erin saw the smile as Wiskeria laughed.
“I met Elementals. I need—I need—Master Helm!”
She looked around, and someone jumped in the crowd that had gathered to watch another mysterious event happen. Helm flinched as everyone turned to him.
“Witch Wiskeria? Can I help…?”
“Strike a fire into your forge, Master Helm! Bring me steel. I need you to make something. Hurry!”
Helm froze up. One look at Wiskeria, running with blood from every orifice like some victim of a horrific attack, and he was sure he didn’t want part of that. She was smiling—which made it worse.
“Wiskeria, stop and explain what you intend. You nearly died. We pulled you back when you began to bleed.”
Even Eloise was concerned. Yet Erin saw Wiskeria’s urgency, and she felt a tingling in her bones. Excitement in the air. Her craft called to her. Not Wiskeria’s, but informed by the look on Wiskeria’s face. So Erin raised a hand, and a spark of pink and strange flame that shimmered and dazzled the eyes with a series of colors sparked across her fingers. She flicked it into Helm’s forge, and a mundane fire roared up. Then Erin spoke.
“She’s a [Witch] about her craft! Don’t get in her way!”
Every single other [Witch] turned to look at Erin—and then Hedag took her axe, regarded it, and touched the brim of her hat.
“A [Witch] speaks! You heard her! Flame and steel, Master Helm!”
She tipped her hat to Erin, and the [Innkeeper], laughing, tipped her hat right back.
 
——
 
By the time Laken Godart got there, the forge was in full operation. Helm and three other [Blacksmiths] were working on something, piecing red-hot metal together, casting the discarded slag aside as Wiskeria ranted and raved.
