9.18 E
Page 17
It had a kind of triangular base and head and a four-sided rectangle for a body, pointing each of the cardinal directions. But what was odd were the three holes on each side. They were vacant, but as Prost stepped back and began shouting at the crowd, including [Drivers], Mrsha saw him turn to Nesor, the timid [Mage], and the young man raised a wand.
Then the entire apparatus came to life, and Mrsha saw a bright, nay, brilliant red, unlike most mundane colors, come to life. It shone down the street, not bright enough to blind, but visible to the confused drivers.
Who stopped. They stared at the red light, and Mrsha waited…but the light just shone. Shone and shone…and she realized there were green lights coming from the other direction. Tkrn waved the carts through on those sides, while the other two stopped. Then—
The light turned green, and the others turned red, and those two streets stopped. Tkrn waved the new drivers through, and they passed under the aegis of the world’s first traffic light until the light turned yellow and blinked. That meant it was about to turn red, and sure enough, only one wagon made it through before it turned red.
“Red means stop! Green means go!”
Prost wanted to put a sign up, but he bellowed the instructions at the crowd, who really didn’t need more than that.
Red meant stop, green meant go. And like that, the poor Tkrn could be relieved. Like that…the Gnoll [Guardsman] stared up at the beginning of something new. Something that would forever change the Five-Way Cart Fullbody Pileup for good—or create the Ten Mile Wagon-to-Wagon Jam.
Traffic lights. He couldn’t wait to tell Zevara about it, and as Laken had told him, this simple light was only the beginning. Why, you could create entire rules like turning right on red or multiple lights to direct streets—but you’d need paint for that. Proper intersections.
It was going to change a lot. Of course, this was only necessary in a bigger city with traffic, but Tkrn saw it. He glanced around and saw a little Gnoll staring up at the light.
Mrsha stared up at the glowing light as it began to show its signals on a nonstop loop. She admired it for about one minute, then padded off.
Boring.
Mrsha the Increasingly Desultory walked through the empty streets of Riverfarm, fast losing her will to persist in this cold, wet environment. Even with all the will in the world, even as a [Druid], this rain sorta blew. And it also was wet.
She was almost about to call it quits and join a snuggle-pile or eat herself sick with Ulvama when she saw something. Mrsha stopped dead in the street and craned her head. She sniffed, but the rain took away the scent.
Was that…?
 
——
 
“M-Miss Mrsha, wouldn’t you like to sample some cookies? I’m sure that we could find you one. A bushel! Let’s keep it between ourselves, and Her Highness need not know, eh?”
Ser Sest was so cold and shivering even in his armor that he was resorting to base bribery. It worked on the other [Princesses]; why not Mrsha? But then he saw her take off through the streets, and he had to run to keep up.
Once more, Sest cursed the lost hand of cards last night that had led him here. He was certain that Shriekblade was following Mrsha; even if he couldn’t see her, Princess Lyonette valued her daughter’s safety over her own.
Between an [Emperor]’s eyes and a Named-rank, what could he do?
