9.18 E
Page 0

For the daughter of a legend, Wiskeria’s eyes were too normal. They were yellow and green, the two colors separate, not some blend of the two, and quite resembled a plain field of grass and daffodils on a sunlit day in nature.
Compared to her mother’s gaze—well, all Erin Solstice knew were stories. Numbtongue had described them like black rings in an orange glow, narrowing and narrowing towards the pupils without ever ending. Not that he’d gotten a good look at her up close.
Mrsha had all of Lyonette’s flowery prose, and she had stared down Belavierr longer than most beings in the entire world. She had written that Belavierr’s eyes, ‘instilled nothing so much as a grand fear within my soul, for I knew there were multitudes looking back at me, and I knew not whence they came and feared to find out.’
Erin, for her part, feared that Mrsha was becoming an old man in her writing style. But the image that had stuck with her most was actually Kevin’s. He had the misfortune of surviving Belavierr, and while she had not declared him a personal enemy, nor had he seen her up close, he had told Erin this:
“It felt like I was looking straight into the layers of hell. From Dante’s Inferno, you know that story? It looked like that.”
All in all, Belavierr’s mere gaze seemed like a suitable representation of the Witch of Webs, the greatest living [Witch] in this world. Wiskeria, though, was her daughter of twenty some years. She was the failure who did not encapsulate Belavierr’s dark myth, for better or for worse. She was the ordinary witch, the [General] of Riverfarm, so not that ordinary—
But she was Belavierr’s daughter, and the product of her mother raising her was everywhere about her if you looked. A [Witch] pretending to be normal without ever recognizing it. But she did try, and of all the [Witches] that Erin had met so far, she alone did not prod or poke Erin to become something.
That was why Erin liked her. And that was why, at the wee hours of dawn, Wiskeria and Erin met to begin her lessons in witchcraft.
This was, of course, before the announcement that Terandria was going to settle Izril’s new lands or the Yoldenites’ broadcast. Five days before that, to be exact. This was the day after the old man in the river had been unleashed and then pushed back to his resting place. Erin still felt ashamed and unsettled—but she wanted to learn.
Just not from Eloise, Hedag, Mavika, Agratha, Oliyaya, or any of the others. Anyways, Erin was nervous, and she had woken up and eaten her magical bisque extra early so that she could even get out of bed.
“Is this the witching hour? No, wait, that’s even earlier, right? Should we have gotten up then?”
She joked around. Wiskeria gave Erin a blank stare, which did not seem to be amused.
Unusually, Wiskeria seemed like she’d gotten less than adequate sleep, and she was a bit ruffled. She replied as she checked her hat and straightened her robes, both deep blue.
“You agreed to learn from me, Erin. Which means you do this my way. Ask all the questions you want, but when I tell you to do something—do it. If I think you’re not trying, I’ll stop and we’ll part ways.”
Erin hesitated. Her desired response was to be a bit funny. But it occurred to her that this was Wiskeria.
Belavierr’s daughter. And if Erin had learned nothing else from the ghosts of great [Witches]…she stuck a hand up in the air.
Wiskeria stared at it.
“What are you doing?”
“Question?”
“Just ask it, then.”
Okay. Erin took a breath and raised her fingers in air-quotes.
“By ‘part ways’, do you mean that if I screw up, you’ll just stop teaching me?”
