9.18 E
Page 34
You had to see it how he did. He was no person, but a force of nature. He was so old he remembered Dryads and Treants. He knew what he could be, but he had no morality that made him acceptable to the mortals he wanted to wander around.
As he saw it—someone had helped him complete himself, given him what he had begged the [Witches] for. Then taken it away, hurt him for being himself. Now he was going to murder Riverfarm and everyone in it.
It wasn’t even Erin’s fault. Okay, it definitely was. But…rivers were bastards. If she’d found a kindly marsh, she might have created another Khoteizetrough. Although some bogs and marshes could be murderous traps of land. Yet rivers?
Rivers drowned people. Name one river that, over the ages, hadn’t murdered someone who’d fallen into it. A few were great and generous and only took a few souls by accident, but most had rapids and sharp rocks.
A tree was a bit safer, even if it might begin kicking the shit out of every [Woodcutter] it saw. A meadow…well, some had sinkholes that dropped a group of picnickers a hundred feet.
Yet in another sense, it was just as well Erin had woken the river. Because now seeing his wrath—Wiskeria didn’t want him anywhere near Riverfarm.
She was going to murder him.
It was a calm certainty in Wiskeria’s heart. She didn’t know quite how; murdering an Elemental was very difficult even if you bound it to a physical form. She might have to, and that was risky, because she didn’t have the means or craft. But they were at war now.
The [Witches] fought the river with Riverfarm backing them up. But—like the fires that had ravaged Riverfarm and this region, Laken Godart was getting an unhappy wakeup call in a weakness of [Witches]:
They were bad at fighting nature.
Oh, they were using their craft. Hedag was pushing entire boulders to the levees, passing even Durene in strength. Eloise’s tea was sending waves of workers back out as if it were the highest-quality stamina potion. Even Mavika’s crows were out in the rain, gliding through the water as it didn’t weigh them down, showering down dirt and stones.
But it wasn’t, uh, exactly the same as a [Geomancer] raising a huge wall of stone. And a Level 40 [Geomancer] would be just the thing for this moment. [Witches]?
The problem was that [Witches] were good at dealing with problems. People, monsters, other magic-users were problems that a [Witch] could stomp, especially if they were wearing boots. But nature?
Nature was, by itself, normal. It was hard to stop a fire because a fire wanted to burn, and it had all the facts on its side. A purely magical fire? Easy. But a natural wildfire, no matter how it started, was so hard that even Califor…
Even she’d had to use great magic to stop it. And she had stopped it entirely, but the cost was too high. Laken needed a normal [Mage] who could arrogantly just dam or divert the river’s course. A Level 40 [Mage]. Good luck finding one of those for free.
Or, alternatively, Wiskeria could end the old man and the river would be a normal one. She had no compunctions about it. Even the pigs bothered her more. The old man was no innocent victim. He was a force of nature opposed to her.
And he reminded Wiskeria of her mother. He did what he wanted. So yes, like her mother—
She wanted to kill him. The [Witch of Law] realized that she was opposed to the old man. And that was her craft. So that morning, she realized something much like Erin was discovering herself.
