9.18 E
Page 7
“Even if you think the other [Witches] are only certain, they can be insecure, you know, Erin. But they just pretend and be certain when it counts. You’re allowed to be afraid. Like me. I’m never sure if I’m saying things right, or if people understand my words, or if I’m supposed to smile or pat someone on the shoulders. Every [Witch] is still a woman. They can be prideful or worry about their looks, or secretly love someone and know they won’t confess, or want to try on a necklace but fear they’ll ruin their image. Right, Mavika?”
She turned a corner, and Erin found herself face-to-face with Mavika. Again. This time, the [Crow Witch] was inspecting a shaking pigeon who had come to the wrong territory. The woman had clearly heard all of Wiskeria’s statements about insecurity.
Mavika, her huge, beady eyes black like a raven’s, thin as a rail, hunch-backed, with yellow teeth and a stare that could stain a wall. Mavika, worried about her looks, secretly in love, and wanting to try on a fetching necklace? The [Crow Witch] stared at Wiskeria, then Erin and replied.
“No.”
Erin looked at Wiskeria, and the [Witch of Law] amended her statement.
“Well, maybe not those examples with Mavika. But even you’re insecure about some things. Like…”
Wiskeria stared at Mavika, and the [Crow Witch]’s shoulders hunched. Her pet raven cawed warningly, but Wiskeria spoke as a bunch of [Washers] including Yesel hauled a prodigious amount of linen to be cleaned.
“Aha. You’re worried that you’ll be one of the last of the old ways, dying, gasping on empty shores as the death of magic—the literal death of magic, not the half-Elf—swallows up every wonder and leaves the world dark and empty. Until only half-people with shells for souls inhabit everything.”
Erin and Mavika stared at Wiskeria. Mavika’s raven, Sephraic, fanned its wings and took off from her shoulder as Yesel and the [Washers] turned as one to stare at Wiskeria. Instantly, the [Witch of Law] realized she’d said the wrong thing. She panicked—as if breaking the code of normalcy were the most disturbing thing she’d done. She turned and looked around.
“That’s completely normal! Just like, uh—Alevica.”
The Runner Witch froze as Wiskeria pointed at her, eating breakfast in Riverfarm’s first outdoor cafe. She began to cast a hex, but Wiskeria was already speaking.
“Alevica’s afraid she’ll die alone and unloved. See? Very normal.”
She turned to Erin and ducked as a hex shot over the tip of her hat. Once again, Erin and Wiskeria found themselves running as Alevica, howling curses, shot spells at them.
Six streets later, they stopped, and Erin clutched at her side. She felt like she was learning a lot. Maybe not about being a [Witch], but a lot.
Wiskeria glanced back to see if Alevica were following, but after she saw no more spells, she straightened her hat.
“That’s another lesson about what not to say in public, I guess. This is why I like being an adventurer. Everyone’s just afraid of dying, and there’s no shame in that, apparently. Any more questions?”
She turned to Erin as if they were still having a chat about certainty, and Erin had to know.
“Alright, what are you afraid of, Wiskeria?”
For answer, the [Witch] just sighed.
“Dying without having a fulfilling life, I guess. It frightens me every year I grow older—and at least a few times per month. Ending without doing something I think is worthwhile.”
