9.18 E
Page 21
To that end, Ser Sest with a shovel was beginning to pile dirt up so the wall could be anchored in the ground, and Mrsha was beginning to demand lumber, long boards of wood. Which in turn required nails, and hey, if we were going to do this, why not some insulation? Two sets of walls—could Sest find a huge nail or something to anchor them together? A bedframe would do.
It never seemed to occur to Mrsha to move Nanette. Nor that it would be easier to make Nanette move. She regarded it as a challenge; if the [Witch] had a reason to be here in the middle of a storm, well, Mrsha would happily requisition an entire house for her.
The breaking point was probably the demands for boards of wood. No less than Lyonette and Eloise came up the hill to see why two Thronebearers were grabbing so much from the guest houses.
“Mrsha! Come here, young lady!”
Mrsha hid behind a tree, but Eloise saw Nanette and cried out.
“Nanette! I thought I told you to stay indoors. It seems your daughter saw what we had forgotten. Come, Nanette. You’ll die of sickness and wet.”
She strode over, and Nanette sighed. She didn’t move as the [Tea Witch] bent to pull her up, but to her astonishment, a Gnoll clambered through the branches. She aimed a wand down, and Mrsha the Sniper shot a little arrow of light at Eloise!
The spell bounced off the [Witch]’s hat.
“Mrsha!”
Lyonette was scandalized, and Eloise recoiled slightly. Mrsha blanched as her mother came striding towards her, but then she leapt down, waving her wand and a fist.
“No one is taking her! Back, back!”
She wrote on a card until Lyonette grabbed her—then she was a struggling, silently yowling fighter. She wriggled so hard that Sest, Ushar, and Lyonette together couldn’t hold her. All for what?
Nanette’s dignity? Mrsha’s furious fighting was putting her in hotter and hotter water. Especially when a waving foot kicked Lyonette in the chin and the [Princess] went tumbling down the hillside.
Then she was in grave trouble. Mrsha was racing around the tree, silently screaming while two Thronebearers pursued her, and Lyonette vowed no dessert until the end of the era! And then…Nanette stood up.
Mostly to stop the little girl from getting in more trouble.
“I’ll go. I’ll go, Eloise.”
No you won’t!
Mrsha clung to her and tried to make her sit! Now, Nanette was struggling to go, and Lyonette was grabbing Mrsha and apologizing to Nanette and Eloise—then realizing how cold Nanette was. Eloise stood back, sensibly, and her eyes were on Mrsha.
That was when the entire towel-house came down amid a downpour of rain and the branches and all three umbrellas. Everyone was drenched, smacked in the face by heavy, sodden cloth, and covered in mud. Nanette pulled herself out and reached out, and a little girl’s paw took her hand.
She looked up, and Mrsha, wet, fur dripping, beamed at her and pointed down to the big mess hall. Her stomach rumbled loudly, and to Nanette’s amazement, hers copied it.
Let’s go eat, huh? Mrsha patted Nanette on the hand. The [Witch] looked at her seat and saw it was a tangle of two Thronebearers, a crushed [Princess], and towels.
There wasn’t anywhere for her. So, vaguely, she followed Mrsha down the hill, stomach rumbling, and the [Princess] rose, dignity gravely misplaced, and saw her daughter and the little girl heading down, hand in hand.
Even Lyonette didn’t have the heart to stop them. She simply turned to Ser Sest and Dame Ushar.
“Perhaps we should all forgo punishments for now. Mrsha’s heart was in the right place. Let’s dry off, get some food—Witch Eloise?”
