9.18 E
Page 37
“My mother. You may love her or hate her, but she is my mother. She spoiled me as a girl. She taught me to be a [Witch], but it was seeing her as others saw her that made me one. She has ruined so many things for me. I have eaten every feast, seen so many wonders that I was dull to them. As dull as her soul before she left Terandria. Do I hold a grudge about that?”
She paused, thinking. Water ran down the shed, and Wiskeria would not have minded if it were blood. She could have culled a thousand animals and waded through their entrails and not minded it. She knew these things were wrong and disturbing, but she had seen worse.
“She was my mother. Mothers make mistakes, and she did her best. For a being who has not died and lived longer than the Stitch-folk race…she did well, didn’t she?”
The [Innkeeper] said nothing. She thought of her mother, who tried to teach her daughter how to cook something, despite the younger Erin’s love of chess. Shauna Solstice was not perfect—but she had never stopped Erin from playing chess. She had driven Erin to tournaments and only asked if it was worth it when her daughter was in tears.
She was not Belavierr. Yet Wiskeria believed her mother had loved her. The [Witch of Law]’s voice dropped.
“Of course it was hard for me to find my craft. I have seen the cost of great magic. I walked A’ctelios Salash and felt the Carven City beneath the soles of my feet. I have seen my mother pull a whale onto a beach with a bit of string. The problem is—I do not admire my mother. I love her, in the way children love their parents. I hate her, because I know what she has done. But admire her? No.”
“Not even a little bit?”
The [Innkeeper] had never met the Witch of Webs, but she had heard that admiration in the tones of other [Witches], even the ghosts who had opposed her. Say what you would—but she was a [Witch] to define every other. Even Califor had told Erin that Belavierr was among the greatest to ever live.
Yet Wiskeria alone sat there and shook her head.
“There is nothing to admire. I know how to sacrifice blood to the moons and speak the old languages. But because my mother taught me this—I have seen her turn the tide back on itself. She can summon a hail of needles with the snap of a finger. Or, yes, if she wanted to, produce a blaze to envelop all of Riverfarm. If she wanted to, she could tear the old man from his river and eat him alive. But it is easy for her; why would I admire you for picking up that hammer?”
She nodded to the tool laying on a workbench, and Erin picked it up. It took some effort, and if she were a child maybe it would be harder or if her fingers had no strength or she were blind—but she was not.
It was a simple task. And that was what Wiskeria saw in her mother’s magic. Wiskeria whispered, cupping her chin in her hands.
“Perhaps if I saw her growing, those first days when she sacrificed everything, I would be more impressed. But I just see my mother, and so how can I admire an Archmage casting magic? It is not hard for them. Did you see the Archmage of Izril lifting Fissival into the sky?”
Erin shivered, and goosebumps ran down her arms. That had happened last night.
“Yes. Yes, that was amazing. You felt nothing?”
Wiskeria sighed.
“It was magic. I wish I had any wonder in me for it. But my mother has left me jaded. I looked at Fissival and knew it could fly; I only admired the cost and the way Valeterisa did it.”
