9.18 E
Page 53
Something else was in her soul. A burning flame, of course. Second chances? Obviously. But what was all this made of? It was the most obvious answer. Erin reached out and pulled it in. In delight; she had caused it a hundred times. It filled her up and burst from her hands. It burned, a strange flame.
Not one color, but like the color of the night sky. Like the stars raining down across her [Garden of Sanctuary]. A translucent, dark flame, like the night sky, shot with streaks of color, from pink glory to pale grey mercy and sadness and guilt and more. Her craft.
Wonder.
Erin pulled it into her, and then it was all around her. A burning flame, making Wiskeria back up and the Elemental of Law hiss at her. She heard a call as she apologized to the Elemental of the River for what she’d done.
“I’m sorry—”
“Erin? Erin!”
Of all the times! Erin looked up, and Lyonette screamed at her.
“Your hat’s on fire!”
“What?”
Erin looked up and yelped. Her hat had caught fire! The cloth was blazing with magical fire. Erin grabbed it frantically, and her hand passed straight through the burning flames.
The poor cloth Agratha had gifted her was long since eaten up by the wondrous flame. Wiskeria looked at Erin’s hat. A flaming hat, pointed and made of fire, was burning across Erin’s hair. The [Witch of Second Chances] felt at it—and the wonder burned brighter. Then she began to giggle and laugh.
“Showy, but it suits her. Don’t you think?”
Agratha was nodding along as she watched with the other [Witches]. Hedag just threw her head back and laughed.
“Now there is a [Witch]’s hat!”
It burned as Erin turned back to the river. The old man stared longingly up at the [Witch] of flame and wonders, reflected on his face. She bent down and whispered to him.
“I’m sorry. I was cruel to you. I always am. You don’t understand good or evil. Drowning people is bad, to me. I can’t let you run wild. You’re dangerous.”
Behind her, the [Witch of Law] nodded. The river wilted and wept. But he understood. Erin wiped at her eyes.
He was so lonely. She understood that. Her voice wobbled.
“I can’t bring the forests and all your friends back. I’m sorry. But I do believe in second chances. Not third.”
“Erin?”
Wiskeria’s smile vanished. The Law Elemental beeped warningly, but Erin drew something out of her bag of holding.
“I know you just wanted to see us. So—I’m going to give you a little gift, okay?”
“Erin, don’t you dare give him a body—”
Wiskeria raised her knife as the Elemental of Law turned red. But Erin was too quick. She threw something into the river, and the greedy water grabbed it. Wiskeria lunged—and stared as a round ball of crystal sank into the water.
“What the—a scrying orb?”
The glowing ball was flashing with a laughing Drake’s face as Drassi sank into the depths of the river. The greedy river had no concept of a scrying orb.
No one had ever left a scrying orb inside it. Nor could it really understand a single orb in its water. But Erin’s craft filled it as she poured all the power she’d taken from her audience into it.
Wiskeria looked at Erin. The Elemental of Law was trying to project a beam of hostile light into her hair, but Wiskeria covered the eye with one hand. Then—the muddy river was receding. Lowering, as the old man’s wrath abated.
Riverfarm’s people watched, even Cade. The boy was afraid of the river now, but his eyes widened as he peered out of Briganda’s arms.
