9.18 E
Page 22
“That does sound like the wisdom of the Hundred Families, Your Highness.”
The [Tea Witch] bowed with a smile, and Lyonette noticed her clothes were dry as could be. The [Princess] sneezed, then looked at the muddy fort.
“Someone will have to clean this up. Ser Dalimont? Ser Lormel? We leave it in your hands.”
The two other Thronebearers looked askance at the mess. Far below, Mrsha pulled Nanette into a warm building and slapped the counter to demand a soup for her and the little girl. Then she sat with Nanette, towels wrapped around them, and the [Witch] found herself eating. She said not a word, nor did she want to move.
But Mrsha did not pull like the others, or push. And the thing was—Mrsha never said anything either. In that way, they were alike.
 
——
 
Erin did not have a day half as good as Mrsha. Her day was filled with wet. Wet, shoveling dirt to help build the levees. Wet, walking Riverfarm to see where the flooding would happen. Wet, following Wiskeria as the [Witch] walked through the mud, let the rain buffet her—and not once did Wiskeria seem bothered.
If she tripped and fell—and she did!—she got back up. If it took her twenty minutes to walk a hundred feet in the blowing wind, she did. If she had to dig for an hour, she did, with nary a complaint.
Erin could feel emotion. She knew Wiskeria didn’t mind. Either that or she was masking her emotions. But that was not true either, because Erin’s hands were wet with blood that evening as Wiskeria embarked on her most grisly task yet.
Butchery.
Erin knew that to eat meat, animals had to die. She was resolved to kill when necessary, but there was something about slaughtering animals that was still terrible. She did not want to do it, even if she would live with it to eat.
But Wiskeria was consulting with no less than Mister Ram, the [Head Rancher] who needed her advice. A pig had fallen ill of something and died, and under Laken’s new orders, the body had actually been burned. It had been the male boar, leaving a sow and piglets. But the female pig wasn’t eating. He hadn’t brought it up to Laken, but Ram was a bit uncertain as to what to do.
“Embarrassing as it is, I usually keep most of my animals fed until it’s time, but this one refuses to eat, even with Skills. I thought you’d have some insight, even if it it was that we could use the pork, Miss Wiskeria.”
[Witches] were good people to turn to for advice. And her response was quick and simple.
“She’s grief-stricken, Mister Ram. I’d tell you to butcher her.”
“Ah, well, I thought you’d say that. But I can’t see a way around it. The [Chefs]’ll be happy. That’ll be a fine meal after all this rainy work.”
Ram didn’t glance at Erin, the perpetrator, as he nodded. To Erin’s dismay, Wiskeria offered to do the job. Ram was surprised, but Wiskeria told him it was no problem.
“Call for the [Butcher], but it will be a good lesson for Erin. I know how to slit a throat.”
Erin did not want to do the job. Nor, it seemed, did Mister Ram. Which surprised Erin. He was a [Rancher], and she assumed it came with the job. But then she realized the same man who raised animals might not want to kill them. In fact, Wiskeria told her that some people would go from farm to farm and render the service for a fee.
“Do I—do I have to do it?”
Wiskeria knelt by the motionless pig and gently propped the sow’s head up. She was careful in case the pig tried to bite or attacked, but the female pig never moved as the piglets were slowly herded away.
“Of course not. Just watch. Hold the head for me. It will be fast. [Farmers] try to make it quick.”
