9.18 E
Page 58
“Hello, Nanette. I’m Lyonette, and I’m very pleased to meet you. Your mother was a grand woman and a [Witch].”
“Oh. Thank you…are you royalty?”
Nanette shook her hand timidly, and Lyonette smiled.
“Whatever would give you that idea?”
Nanette peeked at the Thronebearers shyly, then Mrsha ran up. She held out a paw to shake, and the girl hesitated.
“I—I don’t mind going, Miss Erin. Your Highness. It feels like I’m waking up. May I ask a question?”
Her voice trembled as she looked around again. As if the last few months had been a bad dream. And she woke into…a cool autumn day and stared at the tombstone where her hat lay. Was it a better waking world or…?
“Go ahead. What is it?”
Erin held her breath as Nanette scuffed her foot on the ground, embarrassed.
“Where…where is Liscor?”
 
——
 
Halrac Everam watched as Nanette slowly packed her things into the carriage. She did not have much; she was used to travelling with her mother, so she had only a small bag of holding and a rucksack.
Briganda was crying again. The instant Nanette had asked Laken to take her class, she’d started and never stopped.
It was quite, quite annoying because the [Shieldmaiden] had a hiccuping sob that was very loud, and Cade kept telling her it was okay. Then he began crying.
It was not the moment that Halrac wanted to say goodbye to Erin in. He longed for a private place to say something.
And as if she knew it, the [Innkeeper] walked towards him, looking shy and concerned that Briganda was there. But the [Immortal Moment] that had begun, to let Nanette say all the things she wanted to the other [Witches]. To her mother…
It enveloped him. Erin came to a stop and shyly ducked her head to Briganda.
“Hi, guys. Sorry I caused such a mess. Are you okay, Cade? I can step over here, Briganda…”
She pointed to the side, but Briganda lifted a hand as she blew her nose—on a messy handkerchief.
“It’s okay. It’s okay, alright?”
She had forgiven Erin, and the [Innkeeper] looked relieved. She waved at Cade, looking so sad, but the boy just stared up at her, clinging to his mother’s leg. He had never understood why it was Erin’s fault, and now he spoke.
“You have a pretty hat, Miss.”
Halrac glanced up in surprise. Erin was wearing nothing on her head. Her brown hair was untidy from being blown about by the wind. The [Hunter] had eyes almost as good as any son of House Veltras who had inherited their Skills and abilities.
Yet he saw nothing on Erin’s head. Until he shifted and the wind blew—and he thought he saw it. Perhaps it was just a memory.
But that was her fire. The flaming hat still burned, flickering over the [Witch]’s head. Erin beamed at Cade.
“The trick is to never take it off. I’m gonna go now, but I’ll be back—and you can visit whenever you want, okay? Just not in the spring, maybe. I don’t want to get into more trouble.”
Briganda looked blank, and Typhenous chuckled. Cade solemnly shook Erin’s hand.
“I’ll be a [Witch] when I grow up.”
Now that made his mother nervous. But Erin just tipped her hat with a huge wink. Then she rose and turned to Halrac.
“We didn’t get to hang out as long as we wanted, did we?”
She looked sad about that, and the [Bowman] shrugged, face blank.
“These things happen. I’m glad you levelled up and found your…craft.”
“I’m not!”
Revi wailed, and to everyone’s astonishment, they saw she was sniffing. She stared at Gothica.
“I’ve met the only person with a sense of style here in this entire dratted continent and she’s going off! Stay another week!”
Erin laughed, but guiltily.
