9.18 E
Page 57
“It’s heavy. It’s so heavy I can’t feel a thing. I can’t let go. Can you hold it for me? Just for a bit?”
“…Of course.”
He whispered. Laken Godart reached out as Nanette slowly held up her hat. No water fell, but her arms trembled.
“How do I…?”
“Just accept it. You are no [Slave], nor is this a sin. Will you put it aside? Nanette Weishart—do you relinquish your class?”
She looked at him. There was no ceremony, nor did Erin feel anything but a prickling, goosebumps on her skin. Like a trembling bubble about to burst? Like someone reaching out and lifting something impossibly light. With no substance. A hand, reaching out and touching the fabric of the world.
Nanette’s eyes opened wide, but there were no tears. Nothing—she looked at Erin.
“I can’t feel anything. Yes. Just for a bit. I want to cry.”
She let go of the hat, and it drifted down into Laken’s hands. The [Witches] sighed, and the [Emperor] caught the hat—then his hands trembled. He tried to hold it, but the weight of that piece of cloth bore him down to his knees until it pressed his hands to the ground. It weighed him down—until Nanette reached down.
She picked it up and stared at the blue hat, sewn for a girl. It was just a piece of cloth in her hands. She tried it on, and it slipped on her hair. Then she looked around.
“I don’t…I don’t feel a craft. I don’t know what you’re feeling, Your Majesty.”
She looked about and met Erin’s eyes. And saw Mrsha looking at her worriedly. Nanette stretched and looked around.
“I feel light. I don’t feel a thing.”
Tears were running from Agratha’s eyes, so she took her spectacles off. Eloise silently handed her a handkerchief, and Hedag’s smile was pained. Mavika bowed her head, but when Nanette looked at her anxiously, the [Crow Witch] spoke.
“If you were sure—you were a [Witch] then and now. What will you do, Nanette?”
“I guess…”
The girl gulped. Now she looked uncertain and terribly afraid. Laken turned his blind gaze to her, and Nanette’s voice wobbled.
“Does she—does my mother have a grave? I never even asked.”
 
——
 
Califor’s grave was one of many for the people who had perished in Riverfarm’s fires. Laken had asked if a more suitable tomb would fit, and the [Witches] had claimed it should not matter. Her legacy mattered more than her resting place, so he had commissioned statues and ensured her story would not be lost.
The tomb was square and simple, because it had to be, because there were so many. Flowers decorated many, wreaths and gifts.
Califor’s was empty, brushed clean, but empty, as if waiting for Nanette to visit. The girl still had her robes. Her mother had made them. But she took that blue hat and placed it on top of the tombstone, just so, as if it were wearing the hat.
The wind blew, and the hat fluttered in the wind, but it didn’t budge. It was far too heavy. Nanette bowed, spreading her robes out as if she were bowing to the [Witch] herself. Then she turned.
“I’ll come back for it. Alright?”
“It will be waiting for you.”
The [Emperor] promised. Nanette looked back at the stone. She felt at her head, and her tangled hair was messy. But she looked lighter. She blinked around in the sun, and her stomach rumbled. She stared at the little Gnoll and then at Erin.
Then—and only then—she seemed shy and afraid.
“M-Miss Erin? May I ask a question? Is it an inn my mother wanted me to stay at?”
“Yes, an inn. Do you want to come? We can always come back. I promise.”
Erin was suddenly terrified, anxious, and she wanted to reassure Nanette and say all the things the girl hadn’t heard. But Lyonette nudged Erin aside.
