9.18 E
Page 40
It was calling Wiskeria. And this time, the [Witch] heard two voices. One was as shrill and faint as an alarm chiming—sporadic, seeking her.
The other ran through her bones, a deep howl that cut through the old man’s raging. It sounded like the collapse of cities, a thunderous, terrible voice with no words.
This time, every [Witch] in Riverfarm heard it calling Wiskeria.
 
——
 
Mrsha heard no sounds like that. Nor was she playing with Nanette. The [Witch] had shaken her off after Mrsha suggested playing tag.
“Leave me, please. I’m tired.”
Then she sat in a corner of the house she had been given and looked like a sad doll again. But there was a girl there! A girl who should run and tease people and play.
She was so sad. Mrsha had heard her story from Mister Prost, and she’d used three handkerchiefs crying and raging against Belavierr.
It was not right. Someone had to help. Erin was trying, and she was good—but she was also Erin. Mrsha the Super Compassionate had to do something for poor Nanette.
Something…but she didn’t know what. Not exactly. So Mrsha the Resourceful found something and scribbled in it.
When all else failed, she had people to ask. And her go-to, her most resourceful helper was always busy. He was mean and told her not to write ‘odiously’, and he’d said not to contact him since Khelt was a mess.
But Mrsha needed his help. Even though he called her rude things like a ‘pestering plague of insolence’, he was nicer when she told him she was helping someone else, not funding a Balerosian [Prince].
He had a novel idea. So Mrsha thanked Fetohep the Helper and slipped out of her home. She didn’t know if the idea was a good one, but Fetohep was a smart fellow. If he thought it was worth a try…she had to do it.
Even if it meant facing off against her new, mortal nemesis.
He was waiting for her. She had barely opened one of the windows when a [Knight] picked her up and tried to hand her back to Ser Dalimont, who was apologizing profusely.
“Your Majesty, I cannot apologize enough. Miss Mrsha, come here.”
She writhed desperately in Gamel’s grasp. Then she began slashing with paws laced with sharp thorns. He dropped her as a voice spoke up.
“Gamel, don’t hurt yourself. I see that Miss…Mrsha wishes to speak with me. Again. Let her approach.”
The [Emperor] sat in an armchair from which it seemed like Gamel had been reading the news to him from a newspaper. He was frowning at her as she approached. Mrsha checked that Gamel was alright; she hadn’t meant to hurt him.
“Mrsha du Marquin. It does not please me that one of my guests should offer harm to my bodyguard. Nor cause so much trouble. I have heard that it is mostly in aid of Nanette, for which you have my gratitude. But I hope this is an important errand indeed. Or I may have to speak to your mother and express my frank dismay. If that does not solve the issue, I will, perhaps, have to become unpleasant.”
Mrsha gulped. For a blind man, she had the uncanny feeling he was still staring at her. But she stiffened her spine because Mrsha of Just Cause had a reason! She slowly padded over and then cursed because she and he could not communicate well. So she scribbled and handed Gamel a piece of paper.
“…It seems Mrsha wishes to speak to you, privately, Your Majesty. With a single translator. She does not wish anyone else to be present, even her bodyguards.”
“Well now. It seems this must be an important discussion. It surely must be, or else she would not be so insistent.”
Laken’s tone was sarcastic. Mrsha gulped as he stood up abruptly. He gave her an exaggerated bow.
