9.18 E
Page 2
Wiskeria asked Erin to copy her routine. She spoke as she worked, but not as much as Erin thought. The [Innkeeper] would learn by doing, so she ended up following Wiskeria’s morning routine.
The first thing they did was brush their teeth. Then, Wiskeria stretched for eight minutes, mostly her hands and ankles, though she had a few familiar arm and leg exercises. After that, she found two pieces of bread and toasted them over a fire she started from a candle, not any magic. She offered Erin butter and some jam.
When they started sweeping Wiskeria’s house, Erin had to say something.
“Um. Wiskeria. How long are we sweeping?”
She had been very patient. She had done the morning stuff, but the sweeping felt extraneous. Especially after eighteen minutes of methodically sweeping every part of Wiskeria’s pretty clean floors. They were in the living room when Wiskeria raised her head, as if she’d forgotten Erin were there.
“Hm? Until it’s clean.”
She gestured at the kitchen and other rooms in the home she’d been allotted. Erin hesitated.
“Is this part of the lessons?”
“Yes.”
“Ah, got it, got it. So this isn’t just part of your daily thing?”
“No, I meant to give the house a good cleaning. But this is an excellent lesson. Have you learned anything yet?”
Wiskeria glanced at Erin and couldn’t read Erin’s face. Anyone else in the world could have—Erin bit her tongue. Wiskeria just went back to sweeping. She did no magic. She didn’t even have an interesting sweeping form; Silveran would have called her ‘passable’, but it wasn’t like Wiskeria was even that good at cleaning. She wasn’t fast; she moved much like someone doing a chore did. Slowly, without wasting energy or trying to get the job done quickly.
Now, Erin had started as an [Innkeeper] by cleaning her inn. She knew cleaning. She hired Ishkr to clean because there were other things she could do with her day.
In fact, she began to speed up and used [Advanced Cleaning] to hurry the process along. Even that low-grade Skill was being used by a Level 40 [Innkeeper], so, to Erin’s delight, she saw that each pass of the broom carried all the dust and grit out in a huge sweep across the floor. She barely needed to move around chairs or lift things up; it was as if a magnetic force were sucking around them with the bristles of her broom.
Great! Erin guessed she might clean this entire room in, like, eighteen sweeps, and she’d already done nine when Wiskeria grabbed her broom handle with a huge frown.
“Stop that. No Skills. And stop rushing.”
Erin looked up. Wiskeria was methodically crouching to dust under the cupboards with a short-handled broom. At this instruction, Erin bit her lip.
“Alright. Question time, Wiskeria?”
“Go on.”
Erin waved her hands at the broom and cleaning.
“Is this…a metaphor? Or a hidden lesson? Because I’ll definitely do this if it turns out I’m training and I eventually learn how to sweep up a dust storm from practicing this. But if it’s a metaphor, I don’t get it. Am I waxing on or off or just sweeping?”
At this point, Wiskeria’s face suggested that she understood the problems every other [Witch] had had so far with Erin. She took a breath.
“If I told you, it would defeat the purpose of figuring it out.”
“Ah, so there is a lesson! Yoda-style. Got it, got it. But do you do hints?”
“No. And my mother made me do this every morning wherever we stayed. This is teaching you.”
