9.18 E
Page 8
She thought about it as Erin fidgeted. It was like speaking to…the most honest person in the world, and it was disconcerting and uncomfortable because of that. No…it was a bit like speaking to a child, like Mrsha. Someone who wouldn’t lie. But Wiskeria just went on.
“Or becoming my mother. But if this doesn’t pan out and I still don’t think I’m on the right track, I might think about giving it a shot. In a year or two.”
 
——
 
At this point, Erin needed a break from Wiskeria. Juuust for a second. She had a sit-down with Pebblesnatch and Numbtongue and Ulvama, who were all sipping coffee that Lyonette had brought from Liscor.
Laken had ordered some made for anyone who wanted to try a cup. So three Goblins were all sitting in one of the mess halls, alone but not hated.
Some Riverfarm folk even waved at Pebblesnatch and complimented her on a dish. It was so strange that Numbtongue looked as amazed as Erin.
“Hey, Pebblesnatch! How are you? How’s my favorite [Cook] doing?”
Erin hugged the little Cave Goblin, and Ulvama glared as Pebblesnatch clung to Erin with a cry of delight. Erin sat down and exhaled.
“Wow, that was a crazy morning. How are you two doing? Hey, Ulvama.”
“Person.”
The [Shaman] was moody. Numbtongue was amused.
“We slept in the Goblinlands. They’re healthy.”
“Really? Any want to come back to Liscor with us? Pebblesnatch? I invited another [Chef] to my inn, but we could always use two!”
Erin expected Pebblesnatch to leap at the offer, but the Cave Goblin just hesitated. She scratched at her head and then, to Erin’s amazement, spoke.
“This place nice.”
“Aaah! You can talk?”
Ulvama rolled her eyes.
“All Goblins talk, stupid.”
Erin danced around in delight and amazement.
“But Pebblesnatch never spoke! You can talk?”
“Am learn!”
“I am learning.”
Numbtongue corrected the beaming Pebblesnatch. Instantly, the Cave Goblin scowled and raised a ladle of wrath to hit him. He raised a fist, and she reconsidered. In that sense, Goblins were like [Witches].
“You really like it here?”
Erin tried not to show she was hurt. Pebblesnatch avoided her gaze, and Ulvama sneered.
“No Goblins want to go. They all…they all think here is safer, as if here is better. Maybe it is, but there’s no tribe here. Just the blind [Emperor].”
She burst out, too mad to even pretend to speak ineloquently. Erin saw Numbtongue nod.
“Weird place. There’s no real Chieftain. Some people like Raidpear and Leafarmor are sort of Chieftains…but not.”
Erin knew enough about Goblins to understand how strange that was. She harrumphed, not exactly liking Laken being praised for his Goblin-relations. Then she nodded at the door.
“Well, I was learning from Wiskeria, and that was intense. She’s…real. So real it feels like she’s going to throw me off a cliff and I’ll become a [Witch] before I land or go splat.”
“Ooh. Splat-meat. Already mushy. Easy to cook.”
Pebblesnatch nodded knowingly in a way Erin didn’t like. As for Numbtongue, he nodded understandingly. Ulvama just snorted.
“Go jump already, stupid. You have the class. Go. Shoo. Annoying [Innkeeper] finally has annoying people to teach her. [Witches] this. Witches that. All hats and craft. Bleh.”
She pulled one eye down and stuck out her tongue in the most immature way Erin could imagine. She hadn’t seen someone do that in years. She gave Ulvama a long look as Numbtongue sipped his coffee.
“Don’t like your coffee, Ulvama? I love it.”
“Tea is better.”
That one comment earned Ulvama the approval of the [Tea Witch], who did not appreciate this competitor to her domain. Erin sighed and pushed herself up.
