9.18 E
Page 35
The two met in the pouring rain amidst all this rain and the war against the river. Erin had a hat. Well, several hats. Wiskeria was standing in Master Helm’s smithy; even he was helping shore up the river.
She was sharpening a knife on a whetstone. But she was watching something else at the same time. Erin stepped into the shed, shaking water off her hood, and turned to see.
“Oh. Look at that.”
It was Mrsha and Nanette. Wiskeria had a good view of them playing under one of the eaves of a gazebo dedicated to the heroine of Riverfarm—Ivolethe. The circular structure was generous to afford the two with a good play area despite the pouring rain, and the statue of the Frost Faerie was larger than life—a lot larger.
Laken was as good as his word when it came to the fae. This was one of six statues of Ivolethe, and it was actually customary for pranksters to put a little token, like a stone with holes in it, or a gift at the statue before doing something untoward.
Wiskeria didn’t like that. It reminded her of…something she preferred wouldn’t exist. Obsessive belief, perhaps. A kind of variant of witchcraft that relied not on magic but something else.
However, her eyes were on the two little children. Mrsha was eagerly signing to Nanette as the girl sat there. She was…putting up with Mrsha.
The Gnoll girl would tap her on the shoulder, race around giggling, and innocently pretend she had no idea who’d done that! Or she would show Nanette some of her treasures, like her warhorn, or come back with some snacks she’d pilfered and share them.
Nothing would do but for Nanette to take a bite or blow on the horn. Mrsha badgered Nanette to play with her—and the strange thing was that the younger [Witch] seemed to react.
Every [Witch] took care of Nanette, but no one managed to get her to do anything. But she did squirm when Mrsha did a flying leap onto her in a dogpile or take a bite of a cupcake. Perhaps it was how annoying Mrsha was.
Or perhaps it was that they were only a few years apart, or that Mrsha was pushy, but didn’t make Nanette do anything. Erin laughed as she saw the two arguing.
“What is Mrsha doing? I’m glad the [Knights] are watching over her. Look!”
Mrsha was trying to give Nanette a ride on her shoulders. The Gnoll girl was younger, but she was growing up fast and she was a Gnoll. She puffed her cheeks and flushed under her fur as she tried to lift Nanette up and run around with her. The swaying [Witch] held onto her hat as Mrsha wobbled six steps—then both went plunging forwards.
Ser Dalimont and Dame Ushar caught them. Mrsha rubbed at her arms and clearly began reflecting that she needed to hit the gym more—which made her explain the gym to Nanette. Then she was pestering the Thronebearers to put both [Witch] and [Druid] on their shoulders.
“I’m glad you brought her. She’s who Nanette needed to meet.”
Wiskeria checked the edge of her blade as Erin watched Nanette look a tiny bit—exasperated. Which was a good sign to Wiskeria.
“Really? Why? Because they’re kids?”
“No. Because they’ve both suffered terribly. Nanette sees it; every [Witch] can. Yet the girl—Mrsha—wears it well.”
Erin turned to Wiskeria and realized the [Witch] was looking at Mrsha. What she saw…Erin had never tried to use her abilities on Mrsha. She didn’t need to.
She knew Mrsha’s long story. But now it made sense. Like Ulvama had once pestered her, Mrsha refused to leave Nanette alone. Even when the [Witch] hurried off through the rain, Mrsha raced after her.
Erin smiled at that, then Wiskeria spoke.
