9.18 E
Page 56
Tears. And there were more under Nanette’s hat. So many it seemed like her neck would break. Her face was blank and empty.
“I cannot take off my hat, Your Majesty. Nor remove them. I’m sorry.”
“Your class came to you too soon.”
That was all Agratha said, and there were tears in her own eyes. Hedag lowered her head, and Nanette shook her head slightly.
All Laken did was exhale. He looked down at Nanette, and his own eyelashes fluttered, and he brushed at them. Then he glanced at the little girl watching him and nodded.
“You were right, Mrsha.”
Every head turned to Mrsha, with suspicion and wrath and sudden nervousness. But the girl sat there, waiting. Laken looked down at Nanette.
“Nanette Weishart. In deference to the will of Califor, whom I consider both savior and hero of Riverfarm, the great [Witch] of her era, I will let you go wherever you wish. Riverfarm will always welcome you, but it occurs to me that you may see no relief. No rest, so long as your hat hangs so heavy. Your very class weighs you down, and I fear you will drown. So—I have been told that there is something I can do for you. By a very wise…very connected young girl.”
His head turned sardonically, and Nanette looked confused. Laken slowly held his hand out.
“I am an [Emperor], Nanette. While you stand here, you are still a citizen of the Unseen Empire. That is the pact your coven has made with me. If you wish it—I will remove your class.”
Erin’s eyes widened. The [Witches] looked at each other, and a murmur rose from those listening.
An [Emperor] could do that? Only Ulvama didn’t seem surprised, and Eloise and Lyonette. But they all watched as Nanette stared up at Laken.
“My class? But…I’m a [Witch].”
“I know. You don’t have to be. It may be easier for you. It is your choice. No one will force you.”
Nanette raised a hand to her hat. Her hands, so still, suddenly trembled. A note of emotion entered her voice. Uncertainty. Fear.
“It’s…it’s heavy. But it’s my hat. My mother made it for me. It’s my class.”
Laken waited. Nanette shook her head. She backed up.
“No. It’s my hat. It’s—all I have left.”
She would have turned and fled, Erin was sure, but someone else spoke. Erin was searching for the right words, and it turned out she didn’t need to. Not yet. She would, but Wiskeria stepped forwards.
“Nanette.”
The girl whirled to her as if afraid Wiskeria would snatch her hat away. She clung to the brim with her hands, but Wiskeria just looked down at her.
“It is killing you. You bore happiness well, but not sadness. Califor would—”
“She wouldn’t take my hat! Not ever!”
Nanette shouted back, a note of desperation in her tone. She stepped back, and Wiskeria shook her head.
“Of course not. She would never do that. But I think she’d be quite sensible. Do you know what I think she’d say?”
“What?”
The girl stared up at Wiskeria through wretchedly empty eyes. Brown and too old, now. Wiskeria looked down at her and hesitated. She turned, and an [Innkeeper] closed her eyes.
Erin Solstice whispered.
“I think…if Califor were here, Nanette, she would tell you this. ‘A hat is a hat. A girl is a girl. If it is too heavy for you to bear now—put it down. Put it down and rest awhile. Then come back when you’re ready for it.’”
The young [Witch]’s head turned, and her fingers trembled, as if holding back a dam.
“Pick it up later? Can I do that?”
“Of course you can. A [Witch] is always a [Witch]. Class or not.”
Agratha herself said that, and Oliyaya nodded along with Eloise and every [Witch] present. Nanette looked at Laken. Her fingers tightened—and then, with a sob in her voice, she spoke.
