9.18 E
Page 12
Agratha’s smile slipped as she tucked the propeller toy away. The other [Witches] glanced up, and Wiskeria sighed as Agratha replied a bit stiffly, but with a smile for Erin.
“Oliyaya is a [Witch] of traditions, Erin. I’m sure you’ve seen her penchant for drama and frights. Well, her craft is not to help people, I’m afraid. She would simply sell the man a hex to torment the couple or the cheating woman her own protections. She would let a community fall to ruin, tormenting each other.”
The other [Witches] nodded, and Erin winced as she imagined what would happen if you could literally buy a hex to cast on someone you didn’t like. She turned to Wiskeria, and the [Witch of Law] rubbed at one ear. She glanced around—then replied, not quite looking at Agratha.
“Some would say that leaving people to administer their own justice is fairer than guiding a place. If everyone has stones and throws them, they learn not to throw them unless they want a street full of broken windows. Oliyaya’s never been run out of any city, Erin. She has left—before they collapsed, but she would tell you they were already rotten. Good should be good, and bad should be bad, as vividly as possible. Otherwise, everything is just flat and boring.”
She paused as Agratha’s gaze sparked with annoyance, and she calmly met the [Teacher Witch]’s eyes.
“…Is what Oliyaya would say, if she were here. Perhaps not as politely.”
Agratha turned to Erin, smiling.
“That is Oliyaya’s perspective, Miss Solstice. I hope when you find your craft and hat, you’ll use it for the good of as many people as possible. A [Witch] does not need to be feared.”
“Sometimes, she does. They should fear you, or how else will they respect you when you need to stand against them?”
Once more, Wiskeria’s comment earned her a flash of irritation. Erin bit her tongue, and Agratha turned pointedly to Erin’s illustrations.
“Do you have a hat in mind, Miss Solstice?”
“S-sort of. I have a few things that I think would look cool. What about this?”
Erin showed her drawing around, and the [Witches] inspected it. It was just a first-draft, but the hat…Wiskeria glanced at Erin, and Agratha looked slightly dismayed, but some of the [Witches] liked it.
Her first attempt at a hat was a typical pointed hat, with a decently wide brim, all in blue, to match Wiskeria’s. But on the outline of blue, Erin had doodled the accessories that would really make the hat hers.
…Chess pieces. She had drawn little hooks and loops of string from which chess pieces would dangle around her hat or sit on the brim or higher up. A rook, a queen, a pawn…Erin glanced around.
“Whaddya think? I could have made the hat green for Goblins, but I feel like this is a good start.”
“Do you…like chess that much, Witch Erin?”
Agratha eyed the drawings, and Erin smiled at her.
“You have no idea.”
 
——
 
It wasn’t going to be her final hat, and both Erin and Wiskeria knew it. The other [Witch] didn’t even have to say anything; they just walked out of their first day in the hat-making process, and Erin scuffed a foot on the ground.
“Okay, maybe I wasn’t feeling it. But I’m warming up to the hat thing.”
“Good. Now, what I didn’t say in there was that Agratha isn’t wrong. She teaches more [Witches] than anyone—even Califor or Oliyaya—can. Oliyaya is a traditionalist, and her craft is powerful—but she teaches her apprentices to make the most of what they have or what they are.”
“Meaning?”
