9.18 E
Page 3
Wiskeria waited, but Erin just nodded and, now not using her Skills, went back to sweeping. She swept for twenty more minutes with Wiskeria, even moved a table so they could properly and mundanely sweep. All the while, she watched Wiskeria, stretched her magical, mundane, and aura senses for a hint of anything unusual, but Wiskeria was just focused.
If there were something to learn, Erin didn’t get it, but she did dutifully follow instructions. She knew there was something to learn. She just hoped it wasn’t one of those boring lessons about interconnectedness or humility. She had never, ever heard the other old [Witches] of yore talking about brooms except to tell Erin that there were better ways to fly.
After that, Wiskeria looked outside and saw the sun finally rise. It seemed too early to Erin, but the High Passes weren’t blocking the sun, so it was coming up fast, even for autumn. Wiskeria led Erin outside, and they began their day with an audience with Laken Godart.
 
——
 
“I’m not angry, Erin. I understand these things happen. The river is alive? Well, Wiskeria, Witches, what do you think?”
“Prepare for the worst, hope for the best. You should raise the embankments around the river and the bridge. Tell children to be careful when playing in the water. All the sensible things an [Emperor] should do. No more, for now.”
Witch Eloise and Hedag were present in the throne room as Laken discussed yesterday’s debacle with Erin. The [Innkeeper] fidgeted. Laken turned his head, eyes closed, to each person, and that was slightly uncanny. She spoke up as Wiskeria nodded along.
“I’ll take responsibility if something happens. I really didn’t mean to. Is Cade alright? Was anyone else hurt?”
Briganda had accepted her apology stiffly, and apologized in turn for decking Erin. Laken shook his head.
“No one is hurt. We’re just discussing how to make sure no one else is in danger. Once again, I’m not blaming you, Erin.”
“Well, maybe I’m blaming myself! You can be mad at me. I can take it. Or pay for…bridge raising.”
Erin saw his eyebrows rise, and she turned redder. The [Emperor] just chuckled, then looked sideways at Lady Rie for a moment as if he’d sensed something she couldn’t see. The oddly…alive…Lady Rie, looking faintly flushed with energy, also made Erin feel slightly disconcerted. Heck, all of Riverfarm wasn’t what she expected, even the Goblins who seemed almost content. Happy?
Laken, for his part, just turned back to Erin.
“There is no need, Erin, I assure you. In fact, I was just reminded that Ryoka herself arrived when Riverfarm was in danger of being burnt by Drake saboteurs…and there was a tornado, though that was a helpful event. Largely. Tell me—how many of our friends from home are there?”
Erin jumped at hearing that, but no one else in the room did. She did notice that Wiskeria, Eloise, Hedag, and Rie all looked very interested. Prost and Gamel just waited, either content in not knowing everything or already knowing what Laken was referring to.
But he was open about the secret. Odd. Erin hesitated.
“One, two, three…Inkar…uh, at least six? And lots more elsewhere. I could ask if they want to visit later. Why? I bet Kevin would, at least. He could bring you a bike.”
Laken grinned.
“I would love that. Truly. Well, the invitation stands whenever they would like. I just mention it because—Mister Prost? We had better make sure all our homes are earthquake-proof. Possibly typhoon-safe as well.”
