9.18 E
Page 55
Alevica protested at the same time as Erin. She was going and saying her farewells to everyone. But what was notable was who was going with her group. And who was not.
Numbtongue was clasping arms with Leafarmor and Raidpear, and Gothica was jabbering to some of the Goblins who’d begun adopting her style. Ulvama stood, ignoring Pebblesnatch as the [Cook] waved and sniffed into her apron—until Pebblesnatch ran over and hugged her leg. Then Ulvama patted her head.
But Pebblesnatch was not coming with Erin. Nor were the other Goblins. She’d asked them, and they were staying. Even Laken was mildly surprised as he shook Erin’s hand.
“I thought one would go, at least.”
“They’re your people.”
Erin couldn’t meet Laken’s eyes, so she tightened her grip slightly.
“I guess they trust you enough to stay. Take good care of them.”
“I will.”
He returned the grip, and the two glanced at each other. They’d had a few words in private, and Laken sighed as his head turned to ‘survey’ Erin’s companions.
“You have been the more interesting and delightful of the two visits I’ve had from—friends from home, Erin. Less casualties than when Ryoka visited, but my invitation stands if she ever comes by.”
Erin snorted. They were loading up the carriages as Inkar shook Prost’s hand and he gave Garia a huge load of seeds and goods for Wailant. Lyonette was talking to Eloise, and Mrsha?
Mrsha was inspecting a little [Witch] standing alone, looking lost. Laken and Erin turned as Nanette waited by the carriages.
That was the last thing. Laken and Erin walked over, and the goodbyes halted as Erin bent over.
“Nanette? Are you sure you want to come with me? It’s your choice.”
“If Mother wanted me to, I’ll go.”
The little [Witch] whispered. She had sat with Nanette an entire day and tried to talk to her about Califor or ask her how she was feeling, but it was as if she weren’t reaching Nanette. The girl stood like she had sat, alone, even with Mrsha right next to her.
The little Gnoll girl was staring pointedly at Laken, and even if the [Emperor] couldn’t see it, he could sense the stare. So he knelt.
“Nanette.”
“Yes, Your Majesty?”
Laken opened his eyes, a rarity, as if hoping to see her. His voice was kind as he spoke.
“The [Witches] tell me you bear a heavy, heavy burden. So heavy it’s crushing you, but they cannot take it away. Because you are a [Witch], you carry it like a real thing.”
He meant her hat. Now, Erin sensed it. She looked at Nanette’s cute, pointed hat, and it seemed like the heaviest thing in existence. The little [Witch] hung her head, and Erin didn’t know how she stood.
“Yes, Your Majesty.”
“Do you have to carry it, Nanette? Can you let it go? It will be your end, Eloise tells me.”
The [Witches] nodded as one. They looked at Nanette along with Riverfarm’s folk. The girl’s blank look turned into something closer to a stare in this reality. She gazed at Laken—then slowly tipped her hat up.
The rains had long since gone from Riverfarm, and the autumn day was sunny enough. The mud had long since dried, and the overflooded areas were recovering slightly.
But as Nanette tipped her hat up, water fell. It rushed from her hat, as if the entire river were encapsulated there. It poured down around her hair as Laken jumped and stood. A rushing torrent spread across the ground, rushing past Mrsha, the surprised Goblins, and the [Witches]. They stood as it poured over Nanette’s head.
Water without end, for fifteen, sixteen seconds. Then she lowered the brim and stood, dripping. Erin was drenched, but not by rainwater nor river water.
