9.18 E
Page 46
Some were broken. Many were. One made of root and vine had calcified to dust, and the pieces lay in the water. Wiskeria had kicked some aside. The Eternal Throne was intact, but pieces of it were…
Corroded? Could Truegold corrupt? Only that would explain the pitted surface, the unnatural decay in the metal itself. Yet other parts glittered.
Beautiful, awful. Most of the thrones were like that. They grew, some so vast they overshadowed Wiskeria and the tree of Hedags’ axes by far. And still, they had fallen to ruin or decayed.
Almost no throne was without rot in one place. Only a few were truly beautiful, without flaw. And…they were one among countless thousands.
Most of them dead. Wiskeria saw the things she’d run into were made of metal, rusted, fallen to pieces in this place. Broken, no longer resembling what they had been.
Strange ‘trees’ who rusted. Pieces of metal, even what looked like gears of Pallass, forming…Wiskeria stared into the eye sockets of a dead creature that looked the most like a beast that she had seen. She turned, and the lantern winked its tri-color light.
“They’re dead. So many are dead.”
Wiskeria’s arm shook. There was death in this place. This place was a morgue. There were so many dead…what? She looked at Hedag’s tree, then at the thrones, then towards one of the things towering so high she had thought they were walls to a pit. Up, Wiskeria looked. And up. And up—
And she saw a single thing towering above her. It was a single object, so vast she thought it eclipsed the High Passes. It was made of many, many tiny things.
Skulls. The head of a Drake encased in rusted steel or whatever it was. A Gnoll’s face. Humans and Dullahans—even Selphid bodies woven into the vast eye staring up at the sky and weeping the blood that formed this world.
The oldest of all. Still intact, but so broken that it informed the others. And what were these? Wiskeria looked around, and her heart beat wildly, for she recognized these things. They were like the old man, but different.
“Laws. Are you—laws?”
They groaned, like metal and ancient gears, and now Wiskeria tasted oil on her tongue. Oil and rust and blood and—
She looked at Hedag’s tree and saw it differently. She saw the falling axe, that smile from generation upon generation of Hedag.
A tradition of Izril and Terandria. The law of villages and places where no [King] nor [Lord] nor Watch was present. A judge and arbiter and executioner in one.
HEDAG.
It was a terrible thing. A swinging blade that had no mercy, that cut deep where it went. Yet necessary. Some had been poor Hedags, and she saw black rot on their branches. Some had been great and built this thing larger, this idea, an amalgamation of time, law, and—belief.
But the tree withered. The Hedag’s axe only shone on one branch.
The law of the Hedag was passing away. If Hedag now died…this perished. Wiskeria could not have said if it were good or evil, for she thought that the axe buried in the bloody ground would cut her in twain if it found her unworthy. Without mercy or compromise.
Yet she found it beautiful, and then she turned and beheld the rest.
The Eternal Throne was an idea. The kingdom? A set of laws. The enforcement, the crown—the lives of mortals were one thing, but the idea of the Eternal Throne of Calanfer was something that had existed for six thousand years. It had a weight on the world, and that weight was reflected here.
Yet it was corrupt. She saw it in the beauteous throne. She saw where law had been subverted and the rot set in.
