9.18 E
Page 51
But the [Innkeeper] just bent over it, cooing, as the Elemental of Law made furious chirping, quasi-electronic sounds.
“Oh my gosh. It’s a robot!”
It was sort of like one, or a magical robot. But the thing scuttled back and began flashing its angry red light at Erin.
“I think it recognizes you as a foe, Witch Erin. Us too.”
Oliyaya remarked, eying the little Elemental with distaste. It was inspecting everyone, and it already had opinions.
It did not like Alevica. But strangely—it seemed to beep at Mavika warily, and her raven cawed back. As if she were not completely bad. It scuttled over to Hedag, who backed away from it, but it was friendly to her. And Eloise. Agratha it positively liked as the [Witch] exclaimed over it.
And Laken—when the [Emperor] approached, flanked by his guards to demand what Wiskeria had done, the little lantern-being slowly sank onto the two foremost legs of its eight. It bowed to him.
“Well, I quite like that.”
The [Emperor] smiled as Erin put her hands on her hips in outrage. The Elemental of Law looked around, and Wiskeria turned to Laken.
“Here, Your Majesty, is my craft. I see it now. I cannot take justice from Riverfarm’s folk, nor is law that easy to tame. But so long as people obey the laws—I shall have my magic. I am a [Witch] of a new kind of pact. A pact of ideas set against my mother and many kinds of [Witch]. We shall both see what the future holds.”
“A fitting [Witch] for an empire.”
Eloise opined, and Laken nodded. He bent over the Elemental.
“Can this…being do anything? Does it have a name?”
Numbtongue was peering at the creature, who warily inspected the Goblins, with a good deal of distrust. It was a thing of law, after all, and it was no friend to Goblins. But they had laws, and Ulvama of all people got a little dip of the legs like a nod.
She regarded the Elemental of Law with pure horror and backed up behind the others. Erin was hurt by the little lantern-thing’s distrust of her. She bet it would just love Zevara. For answer, Wiskeria shrugged. She tipped her hat and nearly toppled over backwards until Hedag caught her.
“Steady, Wiskeria. You’ve done a [Witch]’s work, eh?”
Hedag smiled, and Wiskeria beamed herself. Such an odd expression on her face because she wasn’t good or used to smiling. But it was so genuine it put a smile on even the wary Riverfarm folk’s faces. They did like her, after all.
“Thank you, Hedag. I don’t know, Your Majesty. All I know is—this one is the first of many, perhaps. I’ve taught the Elementals how to reach out. More pacts will be made by [Warlocks] and those who can hear. Any Elemental has power; I don’t know what an Elemental of Law can do. A Water Elemental can purify water or fight. This one is small, but it will grow. A name…perhaps Riverfarm can come up with one?”
Erin snapped her fingers.
“I’ve got one! How about…Trafficlighti? No, Traffy!”
The others looked at Erin, and the [Witches] slowly shook their heads. The enraged little Elemental began to blind Erin with flashes, and she backed up.
“Okay! I’m sorry. I’m sorry!”
 
——
 
What a strange day. There was no great flash of light or battle to herald Wiskeria’s work, but the Law Elemental was proof enough. The rain resumed, hesitantly, nearly an hour afterwards.
As if, perhaps, the Water Elemental in the river was reconsidering its wrath. It had sensed the Law Elemental, but it was old and the power of this interloper was weak. The rain was beginning to pick up, and the river remembered his anger. Now, he stoked it with the fury of another being opposed to him.
