9.18 E
Page 15
It was in Riverfarm. Not her house. Then she realized two other things. Erin was covering her eyes and telling Wiskeria to put some clothes on and that she refused if this was part of her training.
The next thing? She heard it in the air. A snarl, this one audible and ongoing despite the scream. A snarl coming from across Riverfarm, from the rushing river…and Wiskeria felt it on her skin. She needed no pricking in her toes. She looked up as the sky began to sprinkle rain, which turned into a downpour and grew and grew throughout the day.
The old man was back. And this time—he was angry.
 
——
 
To most, it probably just looked like a stormy day. Granted, the signs hadn’t been there last night; the skies had been clear, so this was a fast storm, possibly magical.
The truth was that it was very magical. In fact, it was elemental. Natural, but not in the nice way of nature.
The [Witches] held a conference with Laken and a single [Rain Mage] specialized in weather magic. Their advice was simple: shore up the levies. Make sure the river, if it overflowed the embankments, wouldn’t threaten Riverfarm.
Fortunately, Riverfarm hadn’t been rebuilt on the edge of the river. So the [Emperor] listened and gave orders diverting a lot of the work to digging embankments that would rise above the highest flow of the river.
It would be a tough problem, given the size of the river, but Prost estimated they only needed five feet of raised land to contain the river on each side. Even the most wet years had never passed that much higher.
Besides, even if they lacked concrete as of yet, magic would provide. Stone could be raised and dirt piled around it. Similarly, the [Rain Mage] assured Laken he could try and remove the power of the storm.
So, it was a rainy day. Which wasn’t at all Erin’s fault as she went about another day of shadowing Wiskeria. Today, she did so with a huge glare piercing her shoulder blades.
Mrsha the Wet had had it up to here with this vacation. First, she got sick. Then, as she was getting over it, the rains began.
None of the children wanted to play in the rain long. Oh, it was fun the first hour or two, but then the rain got so intense that it just wasn’t fun.
Much less for a Gnoll covered with fur. She shook her fist at Erin as the guilty [Innkeeper] left with a raincoat on.
Meanwhile, everyone else was either ‘content’ or working in the rain. For instance, there was Numbtongue. Rather than being the cool older brother who’d run around with her or do something fun, there he was.
Snuggling. Mrsha balefully saw him sitting next to a fire minutes after he trudged in, wet, from helping the Goblins fortify up their spot from mudslides. He began playing his guitar next to Garia, who was equally soaked. They only had one blanket, which they were sharing.
Curse your boring lives. Mrsha hissed at him. The Hobgoblin shooed her away as he began to strum on his guitar. She didn’t see the point. Oh, there was some merit to a good snuggle with people. But when you were tired, not during the day! The only thing she approved of was his plate full of snacks, and he smacked her paw when she tried to steal some.
I will remember this.
Mrsha handed him a card. He flicked it into the fire, and she pulled the door open so rainwater would blow in and kept it wedged open with a boot.
Mrsha the Vindictive went to find someone else who was fun, but to her dismay, Griffon Hunt were helping dig the levees. Briganda didn’t have Cade anywhere near the river, obviously, but the children were reading books inside.
