9.18 E
Page 59
“I’m afraid you’ll have to visit us, guys. Or I’ll finally upgrade that door. But either way, I promise—it won’t be long. The inn is changing. So am I.”
She stood in front of them, and none of Griffon Hunt could deny that. And that hurt Halrac most of all, because the girl who had not changed for so long was different before their eyes. Not worse, no. Not with flaming hat and certainty in her eyes, but she was different, and he was old enough to mourn that. And wise enough not to fear it.
But Erin just turned to Halrac, then she threw her arms around him. Typhenous chuckled as he watched, but this time, Halrac squeezed back a bit. They stood there for a while, until he felt like he’d had a hug as long as you actually wanted to say goodbye.
It just took a bit of forever to do that. The [Witch] and [Innkeeper] stood back, sniffing, and Halrac looked at the girl walking towards the carriage uncertainly.
“Take care of Nanette. She needs help more than anyone else right now. I think you might be what she needs. Laken would not let her go if he didn’t think that.”
Erin nodded, eyes serious. Then she reached out.
“Halrac Everam—I’m going. Revi Cotton, Briganda and Cade Rishaw, Typhenous…um, Typhenous…?”
She turned to him, and the [Plague Mage]’s gaze twinkled with mirth.
“Typhenous the Plague will do, Miss Erin. Or Typhenous the Face.”
She gave him an exasperated look, then, solemnly, recomposed herself and nodded.
“Typhenous Face.”
He began laughing as Erin turned to them. Halrac rolled his eyes and found Revi was doing the same. But he listened as Erin took their hands, one by one, and spoke.
“If I can help Nanette—you’re what Riverfarm needs. You’re the reason Goblins are walking around here. It won’t be long before we meet. But you’ll come back. And when you do, I’ll finally be able to give you the welcome you deserve.”
The Gold-rank team looked at each other. Revi sniffed again. She took off her nose because it was runny.
“Only you could make guarding a village sound heroic. We’re not the Horns. Or the Halfseekers. You—you take care of yourself. Alright?”
Erin hugged them all one last time and turned to Halrac. He nodded to her, then paused. He felt embarrassed, but he needed a hint.
“What are we supposed to do to become that team you want to welcome, Erin? I don’t see many monsters or as many disasters cropping up here.”
She gave him a surprised look, then wagged a finger scoldingly. Erin stepped back and gestured around Riverfarm. Her arms took in the [Emperor] observing them with blind eyes, Master Helm and the folk of the Unseen Empire, the [Witches], and even the watching Sariant Lambs.
“Halrac! Everyone needs a home. I’m glad I saw yours.”
The [Bowman of Loss] opened his mouth to protest, and he looked around. This wasn’t Windrest—but he saw his folks gazing at him. He saw Pebblesnatch watching anxiously, as if afraid Erin would take her favorite adventurer away. Then he staggered as if she had knocked him over with a word. He really was slow on the draw today. He looked at Erin, and she pointed at him.
“If I’m wrong, I’m wrong. But it seems to me like you guys are putting down roots. Trees get up and walk and hit people, or so I’ve been told. But Griffon Hunt might be stronger for Riverfarm.”
Then she was waving and Mrsha was clinging to Halrac’s boots and asking if they could take just him. And he reached down and picked her up and hugged her and told her he’d be back. To visit.
It was a promise.
 
——
 
