9.18 E
Page 4
Erin heard a huge snort of laughter from behind Laken, and Durene, the [Paladin], covered her mouth. Maybe it was a yawn; she’d come back late this morning with the Thronebearers who had run, killed a hundred undead, and run back before levelling up. All of them.
Erin’s mouth fell open, and she realized he was making fun of her! The [Emperor] smiled, and that was that.
 
——
 
“Was that [Witch]-y? Or did I mess up in there?”
Erin and Wiskeria walked out of the throneroom, and Wiskeria raised her brows.
“That was an audience with an [Emperor]. Not part of my lessons. My mother did not make a habit of…well, my encounters were different, and that wasn’t what I wanted to teach you. But I was watching you and seeing what you need to learn.”
“Oh, come on. How was that bad?”
Wiskeria tilted her head as she nodded at people in Riverfarm she knew—which was practically everyone. She glanced over her shoulder and glared. Erin turned her head and saw a pack of six Sariant Lambs hiding behind a parked wagon wheel. She raised her brows, and Wiskeria shook her head.
“We’re not allowed to kick them. Anyways, moving on—there are certain qualities that are [Witch]-like. I’m sure the ghosts taught you some of that. You’re very good at pretending, but not good at being certain. How would another [Witch] describe it…? You’re good at making other people think what you want them to think, but not much good at being it yourself. There, that sounds suitably confusing.”
Erin thought so too. She frowned, but Califor had said something like that.
“How am I good at pretending?”
This time, Wiskeria actually gave Erin a narked look. Her annoyance didn’t abate at Erin’s confused stare.
“You’re doing it to me right now.”
“No, I’m not.”
“Yes, you are. You’re pretending to be confused when you’re only half-confused. You play the [Innkeeper] very well, I can tell.”
“But I am an [Innkeeper].”
Erin protested, but she did have an inkling of what Wiskeria meant. The other [Witch] took a deep breath.
“Yes, but you lean into her more than you have to. I’m sure a lot of your guests think you’re as…as…scattered as you pretend. Or as innocent. Or as confused. Eccentric.”
“I prefer zany.”
Erin felt highly uncomfortable at having her methods seen through so fast. She realized—all the other [Witches] had probably seen exactly what Wiskeria had. Even Grimalkin had fallen for it at first, the old Erin approach. But as Wiskeria explained…
“That’s pure witchcraft, Erin. No wonder Califor thought you had potential. Every [Witch] pretends. Even if they are. No, don’t ask a question, you understand. Mavika always pretends to be Mavika. Yes, she’s probably like that, but look—”
They passed by an open square, and Erin saw the Crow Witch sitting in the center. Laken had ordered a small tree to be relocated to the center of the square as a kind of ornamental piece. Right now, it was festooned with cawing crows, their beady eyes staring at the people who avoided the lone woman sitting with crows flapping their wings and eating from one hand.
That was a look. If Erin had seen that on Earth, she would have immediately bought every good-luck charm she could find. Wiskeria nodded to Mavika.
“She’s not lying—well, not right now—but she’s being extra her. Do you sense her pulling in their emotions?”
Erin did. Mavika was lightly drawing some of the nervousness or fear into her. Like someone skimming the cream off a vat of milk—a gentle, even elegant pull that fed her craft. But it wasn’t fear she wanted, no. It was more like…
“Superstition?”
