9.18 E
Page 30
“Typhenous takes tea with Eloise. Nevermind that. Haven’t you ever been gossiped about? How dare you not mention the Antinium!”
Revi was deeply offended on behalf of the Antinium, none of whom could complain for themselves. She had a soft spot for people ignored. Something about home? No parallels.
Erin blinked at the [Summoner]’s outrage. Wiskeria turned, and Revi stepped behind Erin. She kept shaking her finger.
“And you’re learning weird magic again! From—Witch Wiskeria! Can’t you learn something normal?”
Nanette looked up blankly. Ser Sest had come out with an umbrella for everyone, but despite Erin trying to be as friendly as possible, the [Witch] stood there, not really reacting to a thing. And that was a struggle not even Wiskeria could solve.
Erin had no idea what to do. She looked at Wiskeria, then produced something.
A flame filled with quiet sadness. It burned blue, like the most precious, painful jewel in her hands. Mrsha’s laughter immediately stopped, and she punched Erin’s leg.
Not here! Not in front of…
Nanette? The [Witch] stared at the flame.
“It’s beautiful. Is that your craft, Miss Erin?”
She spoke! But it was a polite inquiry, and Erin’s face grew puzzled as she bent down and showed Nanette the flame. The girl actually touched the cold fire, fearless of the heat.
And it did not grow. Erin glanced up at Wiskeria, and the [Witch of Law]’s face was puzzled. The flame of sadness burned all those who could feel it. Pelt, Erin herself—an entire city had once gazed upon it and fed and felt its flame.
Not Nanette. Revi inched away from the fire as Erin tossed it to the street and it slowly began to die. Erin glanced up.
“That might be part of my craft, Nanette. But it’s sorta…weird. Like everything. Sorry, Revi, but magic is always strange, isn’t it?”
She glanced at Wiskeria and smiled, eyes lighting up with excitement. Revi knew that feeling, of learning a new spell, of a great discovery. But she pointed her finger warningly at Wiskeria even as she kept Erin between the two.
“Well, yes. I suppose if you wanted to learn something—Witch Wiskeria is the best teacher. But I just wanted to tell you that the Antinium should be part of that craft, Erin! It’s unfair to them. And—and you might learn too much. Especially with the two of you here.”
Erin’s head looked up, puzzled, and Wiskeria raised her brows.
“Why is that, Adventurer Revi?”
She spoke! To Revi! The [Summoner] kept Erin between them as she edged back. Erin was giving her the stupid look she sometimes wore, but it seemed genuine.
Didn’t they see it? Revi shook her head.
“You may be a Goblin’s friend, Erin—and I’m sure they owe a lot to you. But you matter more to the Antinium. Just like Witch Wiskeria over here.”
That was when Erin, Mrsha, and the others noticed that Revi was using Wiskeria’s title unfailingly. She was seldom that polite. Erin glanced up and recalled—
Belavierr was Wiskeria’s mother. And she was the legendary Threadbreaker, as old as the creators of Revi’s species. No wonder the [Summoner] was a bit nervous. Revi licked her lips.
“There’s a lot of power in having an entire people behind you. I’m a [Summoner]. I should know. But you don’t even acknowledge that. For the Antinium, I mean.”
She didn’t quite look at Wiskeria. Belavierr’s daughter just shook her head.
“My mother taught me a lot about thread and needle, Miss Revi. She never taught me the deep craft of how life was stitched together. You have nothing to fear from me. My vision, my craft, is incomplete. Clapping my hands is a trick. I see no clear way forwards.”
