9.18 E
Page 19
They were as empty as a piece of glass. Empty and lost. Mrsha stared at the girl. The gaze fixed on her slightly curiously, but then drifted down as if the hat were weighing the head down.
“Miss Mrsha, let’s not disturb this good [Witch]. His Majesty is friendly with them…”
Sest the Stupid called out nervously. He actually tried to pull Mrsha away, and Mrsha leapt up, so that he tried to catch her. The Thronebearer tried to hold onto Mrsha and slipped as she springboarded off his chest. A windmilling pair of arms was followed by a crash as he went bouncing down the hill.
Mrsha spat after him, then turned back to the strange [Witch]. Not once had the girl moved, though she had watched the entire thing.
She was wet and cold. Even if she herself didn’t acknowledge it, the rain made her limbs tremble. Mrsha tapped her stone again.
“Hello! What’s wrong with you?”
She winced—but that was the only phrase that came close to displaying what she wanted to say. The semi-insult made the [Witch] glance up, but this time, she saw the speaking stone.
“I’m fine. Thank you, Miss Gnoll.”
She spoke politely, and Mrsha stood there, uncertain of what to do. She sensed a profound emptiness from the girl. Not even sadness…just a vacancy.
Ser Sest was coming back up the hill, swearing under his breath. He turned to Mrsha as the girl sat there, not responding. Even if Mrsha threw a rock at her like the bad kids, Nanette wouldn’t have moved.
Mrsha threw no rocks, of course. Instead, she turned as Ser Sest glumly hung his head in the rain and, to his amazement and relief, pointed down the hill.
“Food. I’m hungry. Let’s go back.”
“Back, Miss Mrsha? At once!”
In relief, Ser Sest escorted her down the hill, and that was that. The [Witch] sat there, staring at the clouds. Wiskeria hadn’t come by. The ‘old man’ she had talked about must be the one causing the storm.
Nanette wondered how long it would last. She wondered if the water would reach this hill or if Erin would make her go to Liscor. If Califor wanted it…
Her mother was dead. So Nanette sat there, vaguely recognizing the Gnoll, thinking of Erin’s words to her. But still, she could not move.
What she did not expect, nor recognize at first, was the little girl coming back up the hill, followed by a beleaguered Thronebearer. Nanette did not recognize the two at first because this time an umbrella disguised Ser Sest, and he was so festooned with objects that he could barely see.
Mrsha herself had a towel on her head. She parked herself in front of Nanette, and the [Witch] looked up.
If Hedag had not been at the riverside, helping dig the levees, she or Eloise would have come up here, if they’d seen Nanette, and taken her somewhere dry. That didn’t seem to occur to Mrsha. Instead, she grabbed the umbrella the [Knight] carried and clambered into the tree. There, she wedged it among the branches that it might not blow away and began ordering the [Knight] around with authoritative jabs from her wand.
“Er—Witch Nanette, isn’t it? This is for you. Do pardon the intrusion, Miss Mrsha—I am giving her it!”
The [Knight] had a dry towel. In fact, he had several towels and what turned out to be Mrsha’s raincoat. Nanette blinked at it.
“I’m fine. Thank you.”
She tried to assure Mrsha she needed and wanted nothing. The girl offered Nanette a towel.
“I’m fine.”
“Miss Mrsha cannot speak, Witch Nanette. I pray you forgive her insistence. She is a gentle soul.”
