9.18 E
Page 47
Some thrones were completely engulfed by it. She recognized some sigils embedded in fleshy growth eating at the metal. A few were so twisted that they barely resembled thrones, and some had been infected from the start.
She saw a bulbous plague in this place. A rotten nest of good intent. But it had long, long since been twisted. Now it was murdered.
Spikes of stone had hammered apart Tombhome’s old laws. The immortal flesh still smelled sweet, but—had the beings of this place destroyed it themselves? For it was corrupt. It had been from the start. It was made of A’ctelios Salash’s flesh.
But even that Carven City had nothing to eat here. Everything was stone and metal. Immutable things, in theory. Wiskeria looked up at that vast eye staring sightlessly at the sky and felt at her own left eye. Then she saw it.
“Death.”
One of the oldest laws in existence bled from the countless lives that had made it. The oldest idea of civilization; the oldest consequence.
Death. An eye for an eye. If you break the law—then you will die. The tallest laws in this place were that simple. A twisted hand curling around half of this reality, severed—grasping, protecting much of the laws from the void beyond.
Possession. What is mine is mine. Then Wiskeria looked down at the object she held and recognized it again.
The traffic light. It shrilled at her with that tongue from another world, a concept like the chirping of traffic lights that Laken Godart knew. Tiny. A babe as these things understood it.
Perhaps it would grow—or like the countless objects buried in the ground, it would die before it even grew. Attempts at civilization, ideas crunched under Wiskeria’s boots wherever she went.
This was the world of law and, perhaps—civilization. But it was a terrible, frightening place. There was no gentleness here, and rust overtook all but the most shining ideals.
Look there. A throne of Khelt stood almost untarnished, made of sand and the weight of bone, cast in brass. But it had cracked. Cracked almost in half, and it was held together only by will.
Wiskeria could have wept for Khelt, for all these failed dreams. Millions, billions of lives had made them unwillingly. She looked at the lantern and then, at last, heard the whispers.
She had missed them because she didn’t realize who spoke to her. She had missed them because they were so deep they sounded like the shift of the earth itself, like the voice of tectonic plates. She was too small to encompass them normally. Here?
They spoke, and her ears bled. They spoke, and Wiskeria saw.
They were the enemies of her mother. They were the enemies of monsters and chaos. They were not united. Some laws contradicted each other. They warred and grew and died here. Striving to create something beautiful out of this wasteland of ideas. And they grew amidst filth, amidst foul desire and ill deeds.
Even so, some were beautiful and simple. Some were unsullied, and they tried. An endless war against everything that had seen great victories and setbacks.
They knew her. She was her mother’s daughter, and the Witch had torn so many of them down over time. She had been the corruption in thrones. If they could have—they would have slain her, and nations had tried.
But these things had no power. No voice, only a wrath locked in this place. They sometimes, rarely, had outlets, but they had lain helpless. Helpless…until her craft was revealed and called to them.
After all—Wiskeria fell to her knees as the lantern shone and the laws called to her.
She was a [Witch]. And they wanted her to speak them to the world.
