9.18 E
Page 54
For—the entire river, that long stretch of water, as smooth as glass right now—suddenly lit up. And it began to glow like a mirror, and suddenly, Drassi’s face shone across it. As if the river were the scrying orb.
She was taking lessons from a [Chef] in Pallass in a cooking segment. The scrying spell lit up the entire river as Wiskeria looked at Erin.
“Did you know that would happen?”
Erin winked at her.
“Nope.”
The river fell. The promised wrath never came, nor did it turn into a roving Elemental. In the days to come, people would be wary of it and the levees would still rise, for it was a wild thing of ancient times. Children would be cautioned to be very careful of the river.
All this was fair, even if the old man did not strike at Riverfarm again. But the one thing that would define him and give him a new nickname in the days to come was a strange phenomenon.
They called him the Scrying River, because now and then, one of the television broadcasts would appear for as long as a mile on the water, and a passerby could watch the news on his surface.
All because of one [Witch]. But then—Erin was not the only one. She had given a river something to watch and learn from. In the days to follow, Wiskeria’s craft would be even more notable.
Visitors coming to Riverfarm and seeing the new traffic lights would be instructed as to their simple usage. It made traffic easier, and with the new road lines, traffic jams were less frequent.
But bad and hasty and careless drivers still existed. So someone running a red light or improperly turning would break that law of traffic—and hear an enraged shriek. Then they would look up and see a being of metal glaring and shining a light on them from on top of one of the hanging traffic lights.
The Elemental of Law’s power was mostly to shame someone. It would scuttle after a dog relieving itself on the sidewalk if its owner didn’t pick up the waste. It stared and shrilled at someone breaking traffic laws or tossing trash on the ground.
It was the most annoying thing in the world, but it was young. And growing. What it became…well, that was for Riverfarm to see.
 
——
 
Much love to them. Really. Erin found a lot to admire in Riverfarm. From the friendly people, the tolerance to Goblins, and, she had to admit, the [Witches] themselves.
But it definitely wasn’t her place. Nor did she think she and Laken were on the same page. They would best be described as how Erin liked Wiskeria.
Someone who was slightly opposed to her viewpoint, but who she could respect. That was a good way of seeing it. It was hard for Erin to be humble, sometimes; she liked doing things her way.
But she felt like she’d learned a lot from the [Witches]. As Agratha pointed out, Erin had a lot still to learn.
“Fundamentals, my dear. Fundamentals. Can’t you stay another week?”
“I, uh, have to get back. I heard something crazy is happening back home. There’s yodeling Drakes, and I’m missing it!”
Erin had spent three more days in Riverfarm, not blowing anything up or causing chaos. She actually felt bad about going, but she knew she had to. Agratha sighed.
“Well, we may have to send some teachers to help you out. As a [Witch] to another [Witch], of course. Liscor does seem like a fortuitous place to be, and as Wiskeria proves—[Witches] can be parts of cities.”
“Not I.”
Mavika croaked, but even she nodded to Agratha’s statement. Their class was changing. Oliyaya chuckled.
“Perhaps I shall send Alevica to visit and impart lessons and gifts.”
“Er, no, that’s fine.”
“Master!”
