9.18 E
Page 41
“In that case, we should head to the throne room, which is, of course, warded against spells. Summon Lady Rie! Have the throne room guarded, Gamel, and the Thronebearers shall stand guard as well. I shall entertain Miss Mrsha’s request to the fullest extent of my capabilities. After all—it is important, isn’t it?”
Mrsha was sweating now. Wait…maybe don’t take me this seriously? But she nodded vigorously, and Ser Dalimont’s face as he escorted her to the throne room said this had gone far beyond no desserts ever.
Sure enough, even the mysterious [Lady] who smelled a bit like iron came hurrying over, and Mrsha found herself standing in the throne room as the [Emperor] took a seat, and the session was sealed to all eyes and ears but the three within.
The Thronebearers were waiting for the disastrous consequences to fall on Mrsha’s head. But Laken waited, feeling only a bit like he was bullying a child. But the most annoying child he’d ever met, so he waited.
The conversation between Laken and Mrsha was not smooth, as Lady Rie had to read from Mrsha’s writing, but it was still somewhat coherent. Excluding the pauses for the scritch scritch of the quill and Rie reading out Mrsha’s comments with the occasional aside—it went something like this.
“You’re a mean man.”
“Miss Mrsha, you are an annoying child.”
“You’re not supposed to say things like that to me. I’m cute and young!”
“I am an [Emperor]. I say what I wish. If you came to berate me or demand cookies or something trivial, I will do my utmost to have you punished. I do enjoy pranks and entertainment, but you are as arrogant as a [King].”
“I’m a good person. I want to help Nanette. That’s why I’m here. Listen, you rapscallious pretender to a throne that doesn’t exist. I have, admittedly, been somewhat of a rogue upon these lands, and I will acknowledge a bit of childish glee, but Nanette is in full grief, and I will not waste your time or mine on frivolous issues. Will you hear me out, Your Majesty?”
“…Rie, did she really write that? Really? Er—go on, then. What is so important? If it is cheering up Nanette, I am all for it, but I do not believe a hundred forts of pillows will make her smile.”
“Do you think I am so unintelligent? I am Mrsha, and I know grief. I know every drop and dram of it, sire. Nor did I come here without a plan that involves you directly. You see, it behooves everyone to acknowledge when they do not know the answer to a dilemma. You have your court. I have the friendship of the Protector of Jecrass, the Eternal Ruler of Glorious Khelt, the…my paw hurts, so I shall not recite his list of titles overlong. I sought Fetohep of Khelt’s aid in this matter, and he had an idea that only you could act upon.”
“Fetohep of Khelt…? Are you serious?”
At this point, Laken Godart felt like someone was pulling a prank on him, but the little Gnoll continued.
“Do keep up with the times, Your Majesty. Hear me out and decide for yourself. I offer this, a gift, in the name of friendship and aid towards our mutual goal of helping Nanette. Not for love of you or your empire. Now, this is what Fetohep did spake thereof in most private advice to me…”
The [Emperor] listened. Then his brows rose. Then—he halted the throne room’s private meeting.
The doors opened, and the Thronebearers waited for Mrsha to be thrown out and for Lyonette to be summoned. It might be an important lesson, even for the daughter of a [Princess].
