9.18 E
Page 49
Mrsha was there too, and they stared as Wiskeria shouted.
“No, a smaller fit! Almost—we’re almost there! Bring it to me, Mister Prost! Cut it down if you must, but I need both body and vessel!”
“What’s going on? Wiskeria?”
Lady Rie went to find out what was going on, but Laken Godart could sense it. He found Witch Eloise, who gave him a summary of the events as she saw them.
“Wiskeria was approached by a…a power in Riverfarm not half an hour ago, Your Majesty. She made contact with it.”
“Power? What kind of power?”
Laken was instantaneously alarmed, but he relaxed—slightly—when Eloise told him about the axe.
“We believe she encountered Elementals.”
“More Elementals? And she’s binding one? No more.”
Laken was adamant, but Eloise hesitated. She glanced at Wiskeria.
“You may have to physically subdue her to stop her, Your Majesty. Nor are these Elementals of the kind that are in the river. These are…perhaps worse. Perhaps better.”
“What are they, Eloise?”
For answer, the [Tea Witch] spoke as the glowing traffic light was ported to the blacksmiths working on a small creation in steel.
“Elementals of Law.”
She said it as if she couldn’t believe it herself. Mrsha’s eyes widened, and she thought about what that meant. So did Laken. That didn’t sound so bad?
Mrsha was running for the guest houses. Nope. No thank you. She had a better idea of what kind of Elemental that might mean. And even the [Druid] could sense something coming.
There was a lot of power in the air. Laken felt like he was staring at a sun. Or…the fingers of something pressing across reality. He felt like backing up.
“Just—just how easy would it be to stop her?”
“The real question is—do you want to make an enemy of that? You sense it too, Your Majesty?”
He did. And he did not want to make a foe out of—Laken bit his tongue as the traffic light appeared. Even the most innocent of ideas turned into this! He had no doubt it was part of it all—
All three lights were shining bright, like spotlights into the air. And he was sure Nesor hadn’t enchanted that.
“Evacuate everyone who isn’t needed from the smithy. A hundred feet. At least. Summon Beniar, and put a blade in everyone’s hands. Ask the Goblins to get ready for—something.”
Laken made his decision fast. The [Witch of Law] was reaching out, pulling something across the void like Erin had. But what?
 
——
 
A thousand forces reached out across a void even further than the one the Seamwalkers had climbed. And as thin as an idea.
They were old and young. Weak and strong enough to bend reality across a hundred civilizations, as immutable as time, as corrupt as mortal ambitions and sin.
They needed Wiskeria. And she…she longed for them. She was a [Witch], but one of law and justice and order. Only she could hear them, and they had screamed their will a hundred million times over the ages to any who might listen.
Even so. Their voices had grown louder only when the right conditions were met.
A vessel. An instrument emblematic of them that could anchor their spirit. Not a throne. Nor a book. Instead, the metal box, the streetlight of unchanging signals.
It had screamed to Wiskeria, but she could not see. Now—desperately—she tried to reach out, but she had to anchor them in both physical form and understanding.
How could a law be a thing? How could you believe in a law like you believed in the spirit of a river? They were nothing you could see. They were ideas.
And Wiskeria was weak because she believed in nothing true nor anything real but her mother’s magic. The connection wavered.
