9.18 E
Page 61
As for Nanette? She looked at the kind, slightly presumptuous, certainly arrogant-as-an-[Emperor] girl sitting across from her. She realized something at the same time as Lyonette let out a breath she’d been holding since the carriage started rolling.
Erin did likewise. The two whispered in the way of meddlesome adults, as if believing a witch and a Gnoll couldn’t hear them.
“You know, Erin. Mrsha doesn’t have any friends who can always visit the inn. And I imagine it’s hard to be a young [Witch] roaming about as, uh, they do. This might have been a good idea after all. Did Califor think of this, do you think?”
Erin smiled.
“That was the first thing she asked me—if my inn had any children in it. We’re going to need a playground. Or, at least, explore some of the cool gardens.”
Nanette looked up sharply, and everyone realized she had no idea about Erin’s gardens. Mrsha clung to her delightedly, and then the young witch felt it.
Once a [Witch], always a witch. Even if the walls of the box weren’t there. For the first time in a long, long while—Nanette began to look forwards to something and stared out of the carriage.
It reminded her of walking with her mother and asking where they were going next. It might be scary or dangerous—but she had a vision of following Califor and humming a song. Nanette began to hum it now, and Mrsha listened, then joined in. A little nursery rhyme.
 
Onwards, onwards we go.
Over green pastures and field and snow
Where we’ll end up, nobody knows
So onwards, laughing together down the road.
 
That was how the [Innkeeper] left Riverfarm. With a promise to return, with wonders and knowledge and deeds done, but no death, for once. It was a poor vacation, perhaps, but it was a start.
The party headed back to Invrisil and to Liscor. Two new souls, two new guests and parts of the inn’s family in tow.
Nanette Weishart, a girl with no class, wondering what she would do and when she would come back to claim her hat. But not afraid of the journey. She looked around at a strange family welcoming her in, and remembered how her mother smiled.
Two souls. A witch, and in the hamper containing all the now-eaten lunches for the ride back, a Sariant Lamb. A quiet traveller on a great journey of her own, for death and glory and salvation and terrible, terrible indigestion. But they only found the lamb the next morning.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: With edits, 39,000 Words. It was about 35,000 after two days.
I think we have established something and it is this: I write better after my weekly break. Say what you will, but the power is there and I sprint without stopping. Hence me being weaker at the end.
But sometimes you get stuff like Valeterisa’s chapter at the end of a writing month. I think it’s about consistency, though. Sometimes I can write too much, so there’s a negative on this side.
Here we are. Back to Erin’s story.
Writing is exhausting and it’s fun. I regret…well, I once thought Terry Pratchett was that madman who claimed it was enjoyable as the end product himself. I regret to say he was right. As always. Sigh.
That’s all from me. I’ll try to tone it down next chapter, but who knows? Let’s see what happens and try to make it a good trip. Thanks for reading.
PS: Taking ideas for the law elemental’s name. Toren was a good one. Can you beat uh, Trafficlighti? Someone suggested ‘the Legis-light-or’. Please, save this poor Elemental.
 
The Ivory Five, Zimrah, Gershal, and more by Lanrae!
