9.18 E
Page 16
Books? Mrsha the Semi-Literate stared in dismay at them. Another task for when you had less energy! She wanted to run around. She tried to think. Who else was there?
Ulvama. Ulvama was—
…Sitting in one of the mess halls, making Pebblesnatch cook up food for her and the other wet and hungry Riverfarm folk. And eating a lot of the Goblin’s food. Mrsha raced off to find Lyonette.
Lyonette! A panting Ser Sest held the door open for Mrsha; he had the unenviable task of following her around and keeping her safe. Lyonette was—
Sipping tea with Eloise again and chatting about home.
“So do you think your family will be trying for an alliance at this banquet they’ve cooked up, Miss Marquin?”
“Oh, it’s not a banquet. It’s clearly some kind of meeting, but the Restful Three…dead gods, Mrsha, how wet are you? Come in here and have a seat. We have tea and—”
Mrsha dashed back out into the rain. She howled up at the sky silently as she raised her fists to the storming clouds.
No tea! No snuggling! No gods or masters! She tried to think.
Who else was there? Who had come on this trip that she could find that was fun? The [Emperor] was no good. One of the [Witches]? But they were, uh…intense. Not to be crossed, even by Mrsha the Cute and Lovable.
Of the people she knew, who was free? Not Erin; her [Witch]-training was boring. Numbtongue, Garia…Mrsha counted on her paws until she thought of the new, fascinating duo.
Tkrn and Inkar.
Now, Tkrn was a known quantity, but he was a bit different after his time in the south. As for Inkar, why, she was a Gnoll-Human! Entertaining and wise in Gnoll-ways. However…Mrsha’s face fell.
She knew they were a couple. A serious, full-time couple, not like Numbtongue and his open, multi-snuggling arrangement. No doubt they’d be full bleh-fest right now indoors.
And there Mrsha was wrong. For, right before her eyes, she saw Inkar briskly walking with a load of bricks, helping transport them to the levees. She was working! But seriously, so Mrsha didn’t bother her. Then she saw Tkrn and heard something amidst the rain.
“Now’s hardly the time to test it, Mister Tkrn—but then again, now’s the only time! I wouldn’t have you standing in the street, and we have wagons coming in still since no one expected the rain.”
“What?”
Tkrn and Mister Prost were lugging something with a team of people down the street. Mrsha smelled new steel and something interesting. She followed Tkrn as Ser Sest the Weak begged her to go indoors, offering her a hot drink of something.
What Tkrn and Prost had that was so important was going straight in the middle of the street known for all the traffic jams. In fact, it was so important that Durene herself came to help hang it up. They were trying to hang it from a rope, but realized it was too unstable; instead, they had a post hammered into the street as they cleared a spot with pickaxes.
It was fast with someone as strong as Durene; then they anchored the whatever-it-was to the top. Mrsha stared in confusion as a small guardrail was installed to keep someone from hitting the central post.
What was this strange thing? Prost was shouting about putting paint down to mark the sides of the street, but Tkrn was so wet he could barely hear.
All the while, the [Guardsman] was blowing his whistle and directing the wagons such that they didn’t smash into each other.
It was an even greater concern on a rainy day such as this, where rain made wheels slip and obscured vision. Yet Laken Godart had commissioned a solution, and now, Mrsha saw a strange metal…thing…standing tall on the pole.
