9.18 E
Page 18
Oh yes, keep her from catching another cold. And his head be it if the rascal got one, but Mrsha had taken his umbrella and thrown it into the air when he tried to hold it over her head! Her raincoat? He suspected she’d stuffed it in the oven when he wasn’t looking because he couldn’t find it.
Where was she going? Mrsha was following something down the street. Only when Ser Sest rounded a corner did he see her charging after a small shape almost as white as she was—only this one had a lot of brown cloth over its body. Sest stopped because, despite them being a familiar sight—
He had never seen a Sariant Lamb wearing a raincoat. It even had little boots. Somehow, the wretched creature was more adorable.
Sariant Lambs hated the rain, but this one was trotting off, and Mrsha was running after it. In fact…as the Thronebearer ran, he saw a line of Sariant Lambs appear. They were all trotting ahead of Mrsha, who was following them.
Dead gods, were the rumors true? The lambs stopped at the edge of Riverfarm, and Sest felt for his sword. They assembled, and he saw the most uncanny thing as Mrsha halted herself.
They were, sixteen of them, forming an arrow. The arrow was pointing out of Riverfarm, up a hill. Mrsha turned and gave Ser Sest a wary look.
“Perhaps we’d better, ah, find His Majesty, Miss Mrsha?”
She hesitated—but Mrsha the Fearless was not about to turn down this mystery. She slowly began running down the street, and Ser Sest ran, this time with a hand on his emergency speaking stone. The lambs dispersed behind him, and he felt worried.
If we ever get back to the capital, I might need to have a word with the Grandmaster of the Thronebearers about the lambs.
Then again, he had heard the [Emperor] had a Skill. So the lambs might be doing this for him? But what could they think was worth Mrsha leaving Riverfarm?
The answer, thankfully, wasn’t that far from the town at all or Sest would have called Mrsha back and triggered the alert. In fact, it was just a small hill overlooking the town. There, sitting under a tree as rain thundered down, running down the trunk and drowning the roots was…
A [Witch]. A young girl, sitting with her hat dripping with water over her wet robes. She made no move as Mrsha and Ser Sest came to a halt.
 
——
 
“A [Witch]?”
Ser Sest the Obvious was the first to react to the strange sight. Mrsha was entranced just seeing Nanette sitting there.
It looked like…well, it looked like some kind of fantasy painting. There was the tree, water running from every leaf. Below it was a girl dressed in dark cloth, blue, but soaked so much it looked black, water running down her pointed hat, face blank as a doll. The water ran past her legs, a veritable torrent heading to the river, and the storm was only increasing.
It would be a lovely painting…but the reality of it had to be the most uncomfortable thing in the world. It was wet. And Mrsha could not imagine sitting there like that.
But the strange girl never moved. Mrsha wondered if she were dead. But she could see the [Witch] breathing.
Yet not once did she move, even when Mrsha padded forwards and waved at her. Ser Sest tried to call her back, but Mrsha ignored him.
Hello? Are you okay? Are you cold?
She couldn’t say these things with writing, and obviously the girl didn’t know Mrsha-signs, so Mrsha tapped a speaking stone.
“Hello! Hello!”
The [Witch] blinked at that. A head came up, and Mrsha saw little round cheeks, pale and shivering slightly with cold, and eyes that should have been shy and rosy brown, wide and innocent.
