9.18 E
Page 32
It was pushing at the banks in Riverfarm, swelling in this one spot. That was magic. Not the kind you wanted to see, but it was deep and old and made the power of [Mages] look like a drop in a sea.
Why was it that on this kind of day, in between horrible events, that the most magical moments were found, before and after?
Erin wondered. She still, if she closed her eyes or walked in the garden, could see the chess club when they had first defied their Hive and stood around her when Skinner attacked. From that moment had come a tragedy that changed her forever, and she wished she had known what would have become of the two dozen Workers.
Four had lived, and they had gone on to shape their Hive in ways no one could imagine. She cried, imagining what Bishop or Knight would have done or all the others whose names she still remembered.
Yet—they had never seemed as vibrant, as heroic, nor as sure as that very moment. That was the basis of Bird, as much as all of Erin’s lessons. That was the hard part to reckon with.
Great strife and fantastical moments were very close together. Like watching a heroine save the day in the middle of a disaster, a runaway car bearing down on someone, for instance.
But it was never something Erin sought out. She wanted all the…the magic of those moments and none of that danger. Today, she realized something.
She craved it. She hungered in the way Fierre hungered for blood. Perhaps all Humans, everyone did, but that was the very thing that Erin had always wanted, always loved since coming here. An [Immortal Moment].
The basis of her craft. The pure envy and laughter bubbling up in her heart from seeing Wiskeria clap her hands. Magic in every single action.
Even [Mages] would say that was silly. They believed that you could make a body of magic. Everything from your toenails to your blood could be infused with magic. In that way—Cognita was the pinnacle of their existence. If she could cast Tier 8 spells, the Truestone Golem would be the most perfect spellcaster. Or perhaps, a Dragon, a being of magic and time.
However, a [Witch] cheated. A [Witch] did things even a [Mage] called silly. Clap your hands? It had no arcane preparation, no list of magical symbols and powerful incantations bound to the gesture. Wiskeria clapped her hands, and because it was the perfect kind of clap—because she found a true moment in a hundred thousand sweeps of a broom, she performed magic.
That was what Erin wanted. Something opposite of memorizing a series of logical paths and rules. But not easy. That was the trick; everyone wanted to wave a wand and cast any spell they wanted. That was just—that was too easy. You had to work for this kind of magic, but it was the kind of work Erin would do. Seeking it in dark forests and practicing something you loved, rather than memorization and academic study.
So when she woke up the next day amid the storm, Erin felt it coming on her like the storm. Only, it was in her blood. Even the voice in her mind seemed like it was waiting.
 
[Witch of Second Chances Level 13!]
[Skill — From Witchcraft, Sorcery Ariseth obtained!]
 
—And then she knew her craft was waiting for her.
 
——
 
Skills. Erin was a Level 13 [Witch]. She had gained many from that single day when she leveled up. This latest one compounded the others and made her heart skip with excitement. However. They were conditional.
