9.18 E
Page 45
Her boots began to crunch on something, and she thought she walked over corpses. But what? What?
The light. It was her answer and guide. And now—Wiskeria realized it had the same voice that Erin had called something from her world. A thin, shrill scream, like a newborn babe in an inhuman, alien tongue.
It was the source of her light and, Wiskeria realized, her anchor and guide. The axe, or what had spoken through the axe, was here, too. They must be her contacts or representatives.
But what was the light?
It lay on a piece of fallen metal, so rusted it was all red and brown, not a trace of the original metal to be seen. The object there was small, hand-sized—tiny. Wiskeria didn’t know what it was, at first, but then, as she approached, she stopped.
“Impossible.”
She used that word so seldom, but she was proud of using it here. Incorrectly, obviously, but everyone used the word incorrectly. For what Wiskeria saw was impossible to some sensibilities.
She saw a tiny object, lying as if it had fallen on the piece of metal. It flashed lights at what she now realized were regular intervals. Not one color. There were three, and the little box with the slanted top and bottom was so small she could hold it up like a lantern.
Which is what it was. But there it shone.
Green, yellow, red.
Green, yellow, red.
The traffic light? It hung in her grip by a little loop, like a lantern, and brightened as she picked it up. Wiskeria felt a chill run down her arms. She began to sense a connection, but then she heard that voice like the falling of an axe blade.
Like a Hedag’s smile. She whirled, and the lantern shone with all three lights, no longer flashing the single pattern. It grew brighter, and at last she saw what this place was.
The first thing she saw was the axe. And it was the axe. Hedag’s axe was in this place. Or rather…
The idea of the axe. If you had no understanding in this place, it might be impossible to comprehend the connection. Wiskeria saw a long piece of rusted steel, tarnished and red in many places, rising from the ground. It had the shape of the axe—all in metal—but the single piece branched out.
As if a tree made of rusted metal were growing from the red water filled with rust and blood. The tree was made up of smaller axes, each blade similar in purpose, sometimes not in design. Hafts of wood transmuted to ancient metal. They dripped with blood.
Most of the axes were broken. In fact—all of them were. The tree had grown fairly tall, such that it was perhaps thirty feet tall in Wiskeria’s perception. Similar to a tree of her world—but dying.
Every single branch was broken. Red blood dripped from the broken branches, like blood. The entire thing was—perishing. Save for one thing.
A blade, an axe only slightly tarnished, shining bright among the foliage of this strange thing. This…idea, this sentience. One spark of ‘growth’ in biology so alien it could not really be called biology at all.
But Wiskeria understood it. She stepped back, for she knew what she saw. Then her lantern swung, and she saw them all.
Look and see. A throne sat among hundreds of its kind. A throne that sparkled with glass and the sun. It was adorned with familiar, golden colors that Wiskeria knew.
She had seen it on the Thronebearers’ arms. And indeed, the Eternal Throne of Calanfer looked like the seat that sat in reality. But—twisted. It was an amalgamation of more than the actual throne; it had corroded metal in places, and it sat in the bloody water. Smaller than many of the thrones.
