9.18 E
Page 38
She gazed out into the howling rainstorm, a force of nature so breathtaking that for all the malice in it, it was still a sight to inspire and frighten and wake some emotion in you. She saw only rain and force.
What a terrible way to live. Erin hesitated to say it, but Wiskeria seemed to read her thoughts like Oliyaya had.
“Don’t mistake me, Erin. There are still things in this world that make me laugh and smile. I can still enjoy a bowl of soup or the feeling of warmth in my hands on a freezing day. But what makes me feel passionate, what makes me admire and feel alive is not that great craft. It is here, in Riverfarm. It is why law is my craft. Do you see it?”
Erin didn’t. She cast around, thinking.
“You saw something in Riverfarm that made you love it more than Belavierr’s magic? Like what?”
For answer, Wiskeria pointed down at the ground of the smithy. There, Erin crouched down and saw in the wet mud from outside, crawling along the stone floor, a trail of ants.
They must have escaped the rain, and there must have been a crack or hole in the stone floor that they could form a nest in. Right now, they were hauling some of Helm’s old lunch off; a bit of bread, some scraps of meat fallen from a sandwich.
Ants, struggling through drops of rain, hauling the pieces of food around. Wiskeria smiled at them. Erin looked up as Wiskeria spoke.
“When I asked, my mother told me stories of how she would make war on kingdoms. How she would raze villages and cities and break armies against her. She went to the Meeting of Tribes and killed. I do not love her for that. I do not admire her for that. But I wonder—if you faced the Witch of Webs, the Spider in her wrath—what kind of courage does that take? A world of it. An ocean of resolve. A Gnoll with no great levels or Skills faced her with a spear in hand. In every age, women and men of every species stood against her. That is bravery.”
“Oh. I get it now.”
Erin mumbled. She looked up at Wiskeria’s shining eyes. And what the [Witch of Law] saw was something else. She turned to Erin.
“I know you come from a different place, Erin Solstice. Laken hasn’t told the others, even Rie, the truth of it, but he has told me and Durene and few others. I know you come from a planet where magic is dead or forgotten or so quiet it doesn’t roar. And despite that—your people fly. You have gone further than we have, into the stars, and you contrive weapons to slay mountains.”
“Bad weapons. Laken told you about Earth?”
Wiskeria shrugged. She leapt from the anvil and lightly walked past the ant trail, never disturbing them.
“I guessed he was someone from another world. Or at least, another plane. That’s what I admire, Erin. Someone who struggles. Not someone who was born and raised with all the powers and secrets of the world. I admire…Riverfarm. It started as a village, and now it has grown until it makes the Five Families nervous. At the end of it, when flames burnt down around Riverfarm, I think that they might have taken up blade and fist against Belavierr. And if they had won—even if they tried—that is beautiful.”
She turned, and Erin caught a flash of genuine admiration, pure happiness from Wiskeria. The [Witch of Law] looked out, and it was a black world she saw.
Not dark, but a void so long it circled around infinity. A deep lake, where the mortal imagination was a little leaf floating over hidden depths. From the edges came things like Belavierr. Creeping dreads that realized themselves like the Seamwalkers. Monsters and horrors.
