9.18 E
Page 43
They were preparing for a fight. Slowly, Hedag offered Wiskeria the handle of her axe. The [Witch of Law] wiped both hands on her dress, then pulled a dagger from her belt in her off-hand. She reached out to take the axe as Erin fished out Pelt’s knife.
“Wiskeria. Do you want to borrow this? I’ve got a jar of acid.”
She offered the blade, and Wiskeria eyed it.
“That’s sharp. I’ll take it.”
“We could gather charms for armor or a finer weapon in half an hour. I sense little hostility, but I do not like how loudly my bones rattle.”
Oliyaya glanced around, and the other [Witches] waited. Wiskeria hesitated, then shook her head as she took Erin’s knife.
“If something happens to me—leave the axe. You will need all your craft to quiet the river. Besides—if I die, my mother will be here to see why. I don’t think I will. This is my craft. For once, it calls me.”
So saying, she took hold of Hedag’s axe, and Erin waited. She saw Mavika tense and Alevica step behind Oliyaya, but with wand at the ready. She waited for Wiskeria to speak or do something, but as soon as the [Witch of Law] touched the axe handle, the voice ceased to howl.
“Wiskeria?”
Erin saw Wiskeria standing there, hand on the axe handle. She waited for another second, but Wiskeria didn’t move. Then…Erin saw Hedag clench one hand. She stepped back, and Wiskeria stood there, holding the axe handle in midair.
And she didn’t move. Erin saw the [Witches] spread out, step back in a circle, and as she walked forwards, she saw—
Wiskeria’s eyes were rolled up in her head. They showed only the whites, and she had gone as still as a statue. The axe was dead in the air, despite the weight. Wiskeria didn’t move as rain pelted her. Erin gulped.
That wasn’t good at all. She almost reached out to touch Wiskeria, but someone, Eloise, stopped her. Not that there was any point. Wiskeria’s body stood there, but…
No one was home.
 
——
 
The age of [Shamans] was over. [Oracle] was a rare class. Same for [Warlock], even [Witch] and all the other old classes of diverse magic. No one needed the title of ‘Waning World’ to know that ghosts were gone or that magic itself had diminished.
It had been a long, long time since even Belavierr had spirit walked. The closest Wiskeria had ever come was communing with Treants at sea by her mother’s side or going after Erin as she found the old man in the river.
This was similar, but different. Wiskeria found herself going to a place that had no corporeal reality. It was an idea, a representation of something. Her soul went; her body stayed behind.
This was a deeper version of what Erin had done and far more dangerous. If she died, her body would be left behind. And anything could come back.
Worse, Wiskeria had not prepared for this. When she found herself standing in the black world that she had come to, she had neither the axe nor Erin’s knife in hand.
“Wonderful.”
Wiskeria was not afraid. She was wary. If need be, she would fight with tooth and nail and carve chunks out of her essence to fight with. Ideas were as dangerous as material things, here. Her mother had taught her how to survive a journey into dreams.
But this was no dream. Wiskeria felt senses returning to her, but oddly. She smelled and felt—but distantly. She was, after all, within a different kind of world.
Even so, there was a kind of gravity, a kind of…place. Her boots were mired in something that ran around her. She heard little but her own breathing, but she had a sense of…something in the darkness.
