9.18 E
Page 26
“Ah, well. It’s not the most fun thing in the world. I admit that. But do you see anything? I think you might be getting it.”
Erin hmmed. Then she went back to mopping, thinking hard and watching Wiskeria the entire time.
That was a clue. Wiskeria had just hinted that she didn’t enjoy mopping either. So why was she saying it was interesting? If you didn’t enjoy something, but you got something that made you so content. No—what was that emotion?
Wiskeria gave off so few emotions. But this one…Erin realized it had been coming off her all day. It wasn’t as much an emotion as something more abstract. Like Mavika’s use of superstition in her craft, Erin realized what it was.
Wiskeria was working hard. She was giving this a lot of effort. Just like when speaking to Ram—Wiskeria was fully engaged. She was close to sweating with sheer concentration.
Over mopping? Erin watched Wiskeria’s mop form a figure eight down one length of the hall. Then she tried the old back-and-forth. She seemed to realize it wouldn’t work, so she did a square. No, a zig-zag? What about…a zig-zag that connected the square? But that failed to be economical; now you were using way too many strokes in one section.
So what if you didn’t take it square by square, but zig-zagged across the floor? Then you alternated directions until you were filling in a huge area, such that when the mop invariably spilled water to right and left, it overlapped with dirty spots?
Erin watched Wiskeria crossing into an open area of the dirty floor and then realized the [Witch of Law] was tracing something in the dirt and mud and cleaner floorboards that even Erin could see.
It looked like a kind of strange symbol, almost like a magical rune, filled in a thousand different directions, a crisscrossing shape of intent. Erin gasped. Was this how magic originated? That brushwork with the mop! Was this—
“Wow, that is a terrible cleaning job.”
Wiskeria turned, beheld her creation in muck, and pushed her mop in a straight line through it all. She looked back and nodded.
“This seems faster. Erin, you’ve stopped again.”
Erin was hitting her head with the handle of the mop. Doomed, she was doomed. She would never understand what Wiskeria was trying to show her.
And in that sense, Erin was mistaken. Because she assumed this was a puzzle. She assumed Wiskeria was going the ‘ancient master’ route and trying to hide the answer. It never quite occurred to Erin that Wiskeria was a bad teacher. Or rather, that Wiskeria was such a bad teacher that she hadn’t even managed to show Erin what she wanted the [Innkeeper] to see.
The moment came as Wiskeria turned across the long mess hall, her mop trailing behind her. She had mopped criss-cross. She had been using the broom all day, had picked flowers and shoveled dirt.
Now, as she swung the mop across her body, it ran across the floor. Just a single mophead, dirty from use, the old braids of fiber worn out. As Wiskeria stepped forwarsd the smooth handle twisted in her hands, running the mop across the newly-finished floorboards, not a year old.
Then, Erin’s head came up as she saw Wiskeria step across the forty-foot room from wall to wall. Her foot rose, and she swept across the entire floor, leaving behind nothing. Not a speckle of dirt, not a drop of water.
Her path curved across the flat ground, erasing all the signs of the storm and grit people had tracked in. Far wider than the mere tool she held should have cleaned things. It looked like a brush of cleanliness had slashed across the room from above.
