9.18 E
Page 9
“Alright—fine. But if I get swirly eyes and start cackling at the moon, I’m blaming you! Anyways, I have to go. I’m apparently making a hat.”
Ulvama’s ears perked up. She watched Erin leave as Numbtongue nudged her.
“Psst. Ulvama. How important is a hat?”
For answer, the [Shaman] rolled her eyes.
“How important is your guitar, [Bard]?”
Numbtongue eyed his guitar. He glanced at Erin and raised his brows.
“That important?”
“Yup.”
All three Goblins watched Erin head out to get back to her training. No wonder her being here was so important. She really was a bad [Witch].
 
——
 
The thing was, it was hard to tell who was most offensive to the [Witches]. Erin…or Wiskeria.
One was a joking, irreverent, non-conformist as easy to pin down as a feather in a hurricane.
The other was the greatest heir to their class, who wanted to pretend to be normal while speaking the language of the Elementals and refusing to teach anyone else.
Both were not just offensive to sensibilities, either. They were actively, dramatically rude and insulting at times.
That was why only the most patient [Witch] would suffer them making a hat for Erin as part of the competitions to make a hat that Riverfarm’s folk would wear. Something stylish, something…well, impressive. It would certainly boost the [Witch]’s acclaim who won, but there was also personal pride.
Agratha versus Oliyaya. So it was no less than Agratha who let the two [Witches] work on Erin’s hat as she and her friends and apprentices designed a hat for the non-[Witches].
Agratha, the [Teacher Witch], was the third-most abhorrent [Witch] to many other [Witches]. In this room was the trifecta of irritation. What was really impressive, to the outside observer, was that even here, they annoyed each other.
Erin Solstice stared down at buttons and beads and thread. Oh, so much thread. Cloth to form a hat, pieces of wire to create supports to sew onto, scissors and bobbins and…
She was not a sewing-person. She didn’t see a sewing machine, and when she heard she’d have to hand-sew her hat, she nearly backed out altogether.
“You can have help. It’d be embarrassing, but the hat’s quality can vary. Knowing what it should look like is the first step. Do you have something in mind? Remember what I told you—base it around your certainty. If you knew your craft, that’d help, but a [Witch] can wear whatever hat she thinks is good. Think of Eloise or Hedag.”
“Hedag wears a brown shoe on her head.”
Erin muttered, and one of Agratha’s students laughed before clapping a hand over her mouth. Agratha’s own lips twitched as she worked on her masterpiece.
Agratha wanted to create a practical hat, a kind of all-purpose cap for [Farmers] and [Crafters] alike. She was engineering it to be a cross between the wide-brimmed caps you needed to work in the sun with something closer to a baseball cap for versions indoors. And she had put Riverfarm’s pyramid-logo on the front.
It looked almost too plain—until you saw Agratha’s vision, which was to make this so popular anyone would try it on because it represented Riverfarm. She was experimenting with colors to see what looked best.
Casual-wear. Oliyaya, apparently, had gone the opposite way. Like the argument between their ideals, she was creating a hat for a few. A hand-stitched eye upon the top of two ragged wings, dark as night, and all enchanted so that the wearer could walk around in the dark like one of the [Darksky Riders] and see in every environment. A tricorne hat oozing with macabre style that only one or two would ever be made of.
