9.19
Page 2
Pawn stared at Lormel as a familiar feeling of frustration began to build in him.
“You know my relationship with Lyonette.”
Lormel’s lips compressed, and his eyes swiveled about, but the inn was flooding—literally flooding with people. Ceria escaped through the door as a flood of people asking for autographs charged in after her. Mrsha had met a wild Grev, and the two were high-fiving as Gireulashia gently picked up a startled Human and moved them out of the way so she could find her little friend.
No one had heard, so the Thronebearer leaned forwards.
“I know nothing of the kind, sir, and I would hope you will be silent about most untoward accusations against Her Highness’ integrity.”
Pawn looked at him. Then something clicked in his head, and he realized they knew. Which meant they were doing this on purpose. And disapproved. And—
Calmly, he patted Ser Lormel on the arm.
“My private life is my business. And Lyonette’s. Who I will now see at our convenience. Thank you for not getting in my way further, Ser Lormel. I would hate to disturb your work.”
“I regret—”
Ser Lormel reached for Pawn, and Gireulashia bodily checked him into a table.
“Mrsha, MrshaMrshaMrsha, let’s sit here with—oops! I’m so sorry!”
She hadn’t seen him, and the Thronebearer went stumbling into a table. Lormel turned to grab Pawn, who was marching towards Lyonette, and slipped. On his ankle.
[Bane of Luck].
Lormel was down, and Dalimont, Sest, and Ushar closed ranks. And all the while? This was the least important thing in the inn in some sense.
Because there were Goblins, and the [Princess] had promised a party. The only problem was—there was no Erin wandering about organizing everything in her odd way. There was a party, and this time, it was Lyonette who had to deliver.
 
——
 
The [Princess] was stressed out. But in that way where she invited the stress. Lyonette was deliberately buying time to think by showing Nanette around the rooms and organizing the little witch her spot.
But she was well aware that Zevara was breathing smoke, and that Lism, Krshia, Elirr, and the Councilmembers were waiting for her.
And the [Mayor] of Invrisil. Nanette seemed to sense it too.
“Miss Lyonette, you can let me look around. It’s safe in the inn, isn’t it?”
“Yes…”
Nanette gave her a brave smile. She looked around the common room and found Mrsha speaking excitedly with Gire. Her eyes went round at the sight of the huge Gnoll.
“She must be Ekhtouch! Mrsha’s here—she can help me if I’m lost, can’t she? I can look around myself.”
That instantly placed her as older than Mrsha. Lyonette hesitated.
“If you’re sure. Erin would be here, but we are in the middle of everything. Thank you, Nanette. I shall make it up to you.”
The girl went to tip her hat again, caught herself, and just smiled. Guiltily, Lyonette nodded to her, stepped back, then clapped her hands.
Every head in the inn turned as the [Princess] invoked her aura. And her voice.
“Attention, everyone! The Wandering Inn is open for business.”
Those familiar words. Smiles appeared on toothy fangs and mandibles, and then Lyonette saw familiar faces in the guests.
Old friends. Repeat customers.
They were already here, because they had sensed the moment the instant it began building.
Senior Guardsman Relc, tugging his daughter over to the table that Klbkch had already secured. The changed Antinium had a bowl of acid flies in one hand, and they were seated right next to Menolit, wearing his Liscor Hunted apparel.
