9.19
Page 22
“What are we doing talking about romance when we could talk about my world? Or anything else, Rags?”
The Goblin Chieftain sighed.
“We’re both bad at it. Besides. I can’t talk to my Goblins. I tell them I’m not interested, and they told Kevin to sleep in my room. Which he did. I had to find another bed. They want me to be happy. Maybe I’m young. But lots of Goblins my age are happy having sex, falling in love. Not me. I am cold. Or Chieftain. Probably both.”
She sighed and looked so tired that Erin’s heart went out to Rags. The Goblin gazed at Erin for a moment and hesitated.
“…Can I ask you a question, Erin?”
“Shoot. We’re being personal. Anything you want. Except the super embarrassing stuff.”
Rags rolled her eyes. Then she paused and seemed confused. Hesitantly, she looked at Erin.
“You said you were dead and knew you wanted to find love. Why did you—? No, why were you certain?”
The [Innkeeper] scrunched her legs up to her chin and curled into a sitting ball, but she relaxed after a moment. It wasn’t a hard answer. If anything, it was the easiest thing to say. She gazed at a sleepy little bee napping on a branch of the tree. And she thought of how she had wept in the lands of the dead and heard their sorrows until Gresaria Wellfar reminded her of what it was to be alive. How empty she’d begun to feel until Fetohep promised her to bring her back.
“…I was dead, Rags. Dead, and I thought—I’d never get back to my body. If that was it, if that was all I had—I thought I’d regret not trying to find someone forever. Even now? I’m afraid of dying without…without…”
Her voice trembled, and she couldn’t go on. That was the fear of the lands of the dead, as they had been. A void of forever with nothing but your regrets, if you let them haunt you.
Her words struck a chord with Rags, but not the one that Erin had expected. The Goblin sat up and exhaled.
“Regrets. I understand that. If you die tomorrow—if I die—there are so many things I want to do.”
“Yeah.”
Erin closed her eyes and imagined all the things she had left to do. The terror of the burden she might leave behind—opposing Kasigna—weighed her down. As well as the small desires to love and be loved. To find…even more happiness than she had right now. To stand and run, without feeling weak again. To put a smile on Nanette’s face.
To tell her parents where she had gone and tell them she was alright. Erin closed her eyes, and when she opened them, Rags was staring at her own vision of life. Life and the clear things left done and undone. If you looked at it with death at your side, it all became so easy to see.
And what Rags said was this:
“I don’t see it. Your need to have someone. My tribe is that someone.”
Erin knew what she meant, but she gave Rags an incredulous look.
“You don’t…want someone specific, Rags? Not one person? Someone to—to share things with, to reach out and touch?”
For answer, the Goblin reached out and poked Erin’s arm.
“Not privately. Not like that. No. I don’t get it. If I die tomorrow, I will leave too many things not done. Finding a lover isn’t one of them. I don’t have time. It’s not interesting.”
She turned back to Erin and gave her a rueful smile.
“Maybe I’m a child, still. Not a Hob.”
Erin sat up and looked at Rags in astonishment. Could that be true? No…the Goblin was as old as many she’d met. And yet, Rags shook her head.
