9.19
Page 46
The Goblin glanced at Erin, and she looked completely amused. She gave Erin a real grin.
“You can carry me on your shoulders. I sort of want to see what happens. Unless you’re too tired.”
The [Innkeeper] gave Rags a wide-eyed stare, and then she scrambled to her feet.
“I can do it! Hop on! It’ll be the ride of your life!”
Rags climbed onto Erin’s shoulders and felt the most childish she had felt all year. Erin hoisted her up with a grunt, and Rags was displeased that even the weakened young woman could do it. Then Erin began jogging across the ground.
“Alright. Let me just build up some speed—how am I doing, Rags? How does it feel? Do you feel like a child?”
“It’s bumpy. Go faster.”
Erin laughed and panted, and she actually sped up. Rags was tense, expecting Erin to wipe out at any second, but she realized that she was fairly stable. And if she fell? The Goblin leaned back and saw the sky moving slowly overhead.
The warm air whipped around them as Erin ran, and Rags realized she was laughing with the sheer stupidity of the moment. The innocent laughter filled the air. Rags looked up, and then she wondered if this were how it might have been.
Like Mrsha and Lyonette, a little Goblin riding on an [Innkeeper]’s shoulders. Rags’ eyes stung. She squeezed her eyes shut tightly. Then she opened them and smiled.
Just smiled as she rode on Erin’s shoulders like the child she’d never been and never known she wanted to be until this moment. An adult capturing something she’d missed.
“Wheeeeeee.”
 
——
 
Erin ran until she wiped out. She stumbled, Rags leapt off her shoulders, and Erin flopped on her back, wheezing for air. Yet they were smiling.
The little bee, flapping her one wing in the quiet garden, watched as Erin and Rags sat up. Then Erin hugged Rags tightly, and the [Chieftain] hugged her back.
Apista thought they might be friends after all. What did the bee see? She was the only observer, besides the empty garden itself, besides the will of classes and levels.
She saw something different, in her bee-like way, as the two spoke. Erin was ablaze with joy. It radiated out from her as she looked at Rags.
A hat full of flame. Yet she was that fire to Apista. A burning hill of fire, like Inkar saw. She was the inn and garden, inheritor of this sanctuary and the will of flames. She was glorious and grand when she was filled with life.
And Rags? Apista saw a little Goblin standing there. As she had stood before Tremborag and the last Dragonlord of Flame. The [Innkeeper], all her foes—Rags’ image of herself was different.
For there stood just a Goblin. But even shorter than Rags was in reality, in Apista’s insight into the two. Just a tiny Goblin, barefoot, wearing nothing but tattered clothing, staring at flame and fire and giants.
Facing them all down. Then the flaming giant wavered, and she took Rags’ hands.
“I wanted you to be young, Rags! I wanted you to be young and grow up slowly. I’m sorry. I didn’t do enough. Anyone else can say I did, even you. But I never did enough for the friends I met. And no one is a Goblin’s friend, so I should have been a better one.”
She was suddenly uncertain. A wavering spark of light buffeted by her own fears and trials and weaknesses, and they loomed large. She kept reaching out, for people. For love. And she was unable to grasp it. She chased a spark she herself couldn’t feel. Not yet.
The Goblin, though, just took Erin’s hands, and she was proud. She stood, leader of a tribe, buoyed up and sheltering, responsible for tens of thousands of lives. They were all close to her, all connected.
