9.19
Page 1
The [Princess] was standing in a flurry of people, organizing them pretty well, calling out names, meeting with a Watch Captain and a few Councilmembers of Liscor. A party. They were having a party, and multiple cities were invited.
But the little Goblin Chieftain and Erin Solstice were nowhere to be seen.
 
——
 
Lyonette du Marquin stood in The Wandering Inn, and Pawn was glad to see her. He had missed Lyonette terribly, and he walked forwards.
“Lyonette. You are back. I have missed you. How was—”
Then, like usual since she had returned, a figure in golden armor subtly interposed himself between Pawn and Lyonette. Ser Lormel coughed as the [Princess] hurried into the inn, escorting a young girl.
Who was this? Pawn tried to edge past Ser Lormel as the Thronebearer blocked him. The others were like that, too. Whenever he and Lyonette tried to be private, one of them was there.
He waited for Lyonette to turn to him and order her people out of the way, but she was busy talking to a young Human girl.
“I’m so sorry it’s chaotic, Nanette.”
“Not at all, Miss Lyonette. I should see how the inn is if I’m to live here.”
“Yes, but I did hope it would be less chaotic. What am I saying? Here’s the inn’s common room, and as you can see—”
“Lyonette. Lyonette, what are these Goblins doing here? I need to talk to you or Erin about so many.”
Watch Captain Zevara ran into the same problem as Pawn was slowly trying to push Lormel into a wall. Ser Dalimont checked her with an arm, and she stared at him.
“Excuse me, Miss. Her Highness is busy.”
“I am Watch Captain Zevara on business of Liscor. And this inn is technically part of Liscor. One side.”
“I regret that no authority but the crown of Calanfer can supercede my orders, Watch Captain.”
Ser Dalimont and Zevara clashed in a rather impressive way. The Watch Captain was literally breathing fire, but Dalimont didn’t move. And Lyonette was showing Nanette around, still.
Was this a new guest of the inn? Another child?
In Pawn’s view of the world, children could be born naturally, a process which he was still fuzzy about since the Antinium had no place in other species’ biological reproduction. Or they appeared, like Mrsha. Thus, he was the only person to guess that Nanette was staying at the inn. In which case he should obviously introduce himself to her to make a good impression. He had failed with Mrsha, but she was a rapscallion.
“Excuse me, I need to speak to Lyonette. Please move.”
“I regret that Her Highness is busy, Mister Pawn.”
Lormel had the friendly look of someone who really wasn’t that friendly. Pawn frowned.
“I have not insisted because I am being polite to Lyonette’s guards. But I must. Please move.”
“Mister Pawn, I am well aware of your…acquaintanceship with Her Highness, but I regret to say that she is busy.”
Lormel stressed the words with that same veneer. Pawn suspected that he wasn’t regretful at all. If he were, he would have let Lyonette know Pawn was standing there. What annoyed the Antinium more than the lies was something else, though.
“I am not ‘Mister Pawn’.”
“Oh? Pardon me, sir. I simply use it as a term to refer to people. As [Knights] of Calanfer do, sir.”
“I am not sir, either. I am a [Priest].”
Lormel hesitated for a second. He eyed Pawn with a look of slight unease, then smiled.
“Well, er, Priest Pawn, as Ser Dalimont said, no force besides the crown of Calanfer supercedes Her Highness’ own will. Please step back, and we will let Princess Lyonette know someone is petitioning her time at her convenience.”
