9.19
Page 34
No, what Hedault focused on was something the Goblin had in her hands as she tried to drag Kevin back to the Goblins in her posse. It was hardly similar to the ones he had been making for fun with Kevin. A modest side-business that was plaguing Pallass.
No…it wasn’t steel, enchanted, or finely machined.
But it was a skateboard. The Goblin had made it out of wood and pieces of scrap she’d salvaged from around Goblinhome. It ran downhill fairly well, but not much on straights. Then again—the High Passes were all downhill. And cliffs. To be a Goblin skateboarder, even for fun, was to risk your life.
The one thing that Poisonbite had that Hedault hadn’t seen before was style. In that she’d decorated her skateboard with paint to resemble a snarling Carn Wolf on the board. His head turned, and he pointed.
“Why does she have that?”
“A skateboard? Oh—the Goblins like to skateboard. Some of them. Yeah, you can have a bike. But not the enchanted ones!”
Kevin was distracted. He was admiring Ceria’s ice ramp. He looked frankly envious as he turned to Ceria.
“I’ve gotta go, Ceria. But that ramp of yours is…gnarly. Is it easy to, y’know, just make them?”
“Sure, why?”
The Californian surfer, biker, and general enthusiast gave Ceria a wistful look.
“You would have been so popular back home, you have no idea. Being able to make—well, it reminds me of a skateboarding park.”
“A what park?”
And there it was. Hedault’s head turned, and the slightly balding [Enchanter] with orange hair’s almost perpetually annoyed expression of impatience turned to fascination as Kevin described what a half pipe was. Ceria was so taken that she tried to replicate it, raising ice to form walls.
“I thought about that. But unless I can keep my balance, there is no way I’ll be able to risk it in a fight. You’re telling me people do tricks? With skateboards?”
“Sure. Let me get your board, Poisonbite. Not on ice, usually, but—”
Kevin was no huge expert in the field of skateboarding. He was, like many people, an amateur with enthusiasm who’d done it more in his youth. He could ollie, and he’d shown Hedault and Poisonbite how to do that. Now he wanted to show a kickflip. To his extreme mortification, he couldn’t do it instantly.
“Well—you’d do that on the top of a ramp, during a jump. Then you land on your skateboard and keep going. You can grind down railings—oh man. I suck. Dude. I can’t do it. I’ve gotten old. Joseph, we’re old!”
The [Football Coach] flipped him off. Kevin was just eying the ramp and wondering if he dared try skateboarding on ice to show them how it looked when he saw Hedault move.
The [Enchanter] was fishing around in his bag of holding. Kevin was afraid he was going to storm off—until he saw the familiar, steel skateboard that he had worked on as a prototype.
The same, insanely dangerous, enchanted piece of metal was in Hedault’s possession? Kevin had always thought that one of the Pallassians had stolen the first copy.
Then he remembered how Hedault had gone down Pallass’ ramps. Kevin had—thought—that Hedault had just done it for fun once. After all, the [Enchanter] had never done it again.
Because he didn’t visit Pallass. And there were rules about it, and Hedault probably read the rules. Now, though? The [Enchanter] eyed the ramp as every head turned. Mrsha’s jaw dropped as Hedault put one foot on the back of the skateboard, kicking it up. Then he put his other foot down, and the tip of the board touched the ice.
“Hedault—dude—”
