9.19
Page 26
“Miss Gire, I have done nothing wrong to you, and you have been a bit unkind. If you cannot tolerate me, that is how it must be. But I want you to know that I would like to be your friend. I do not wish to make Mrsha unhappy by fighting for her affection, but I will not be bullied.”
“I didn’t—I’m not—”
Gire was turning red under her fur. Nanette held her ground, her round cheeks slightly flushed. She looked around, and even Ulia, the [Innkeeper] who ran Blazehound in Celum, was taken by the girl’s composure.
Gire! What did you do? Apologize! I’m sorry, Nanette!
Mrsha was writing furiously. Gire was mumbling an apology as if she were a third her actual age, but again, Nanette just pulled her robes straight.
“Thank you, Mrsha. I think I’ll explore the inn by myself for a bit.”
“No, wait, I’m sorry!”
Gire looked hunted as Nanette began to march off. The little witch turned back to her and, to Gire’s surprise, smiled.
A kind smile, if not a happy one. Nanette dipped her head and looked at Mrsha.
“Then you can prove it in a bit. Let’s try again in half an hour, Miss Gire. Mrsha, don’t be mean to her. Everyone makes mistakes.”
And with that, Nanette walked off, leaving the [Paragon] speechless. She also put the fears of Lyonette and Erin to rest—if only the two could have seen her.
The sight of a twelve year-old girl lecturing someone twice her height and fifteen years old while they fought for a seven year-old’s affection was so mundane as to pass everyone by in the inn.
Getting Normen the [Knight]’s autograph was far more entertaining. Or looking at the Goblins, who were largely left alone by all the new guests. Liscorians were friendly; other cities were not. As Nanette wandered through the inn, she saw people investigating the weights room, the rec room with the billiards table and cards, and all the while, people were buying food and drinks.
Ishkr was everywhere. He raced down one hallway with a platter of drinks, showing a pair of Antinium how to take the food in and collect coins, then Nanette saw him behind the bar, serving more guests. She turned her head back, walked into the hallway, and stared as the two Antinium trundled back with empty serving trays.
…She definitely didn’t imagine that. Nanette’s brows rose. But then she was stepping aside to let the Workers pass, and someone was speaking loudly.
“Ants. Ants and Goblins. Who’s in charge here? They’re monsters! Monsters. Are you all blind?”
The angry voice was coming from someone in armor. An adventurer from Invrisil who was calling out. Some people turned, but the Human from the Waterborn Raiders, a team of Gold-ranks, was actually lost in the general hubbub.
He was staring at the Goblins with such hostility that some of the warriors were eying him back. However, what made the Gold-ranker so nervous was how the Redfang veterans who’d come with Rags were sizing him up.
As if he would be the one who regretted drawing a blade.
The rest of the Waterborn Raiders were not here, so the man was making a broad appeal to what he saw as common sense. Relc, leaning against a wall and trying to convince Embria that this would be a great opportunity for them to check out Pallass’ puzzle market together, glanced over.
“What’s that?”
“Goblins! You’re a fighter, right? Who’s in charge?”
Relc cupped a claw to one earhole.
“Goblins? Right! Yeah, are they getting served first? Damn Goblins!”
