9.19
Page 40
It seemed like there was a path of those rusted pieces of metal leading up to the hill. They weren’t everywhere, and if you marked the pieces of metal, only a few feet high in places, others taller than she was—
They would have formed a semi-circular base around the tree and the hill. Rags could imagine, perhaps, a kind of ramp. Which meant this room was one where you approached through this door.
Erin was walking left, around another edge of the domed room. There were no vines here; the endless water had drowned all but a layer of moss and slime on the wooden walls. She was peering at the flat mud as her [Dangersense] twinged. Rags called out.
“Erin, wait.”
“Huh? Why?”
“The mud is everywhere. It might not be ground everywhere.”
Rags had begun to wonder what the garden was supposed to look like. She turned to ask if Erin could tell—and saw Erin take a step and plunge into the mud.
She sank so fast that she was up to her neck before Rags charged into the mud. The Goblin had to try and haul Erin out, and a frantic Apista was buzzing on Erin’s face as the [Innkeeper] shouted.
“Pull me up! Pull me up! It’s deep!”
Her feet weren’t even touching the bottom. Rags heaved, and Erin pulled frantically at the muddy embankment. She hauled herself up. Then she crawled onto the ground, up to her wrists in mud, and panted.
Rags stared at the hidden drop next to Erin, and the [Innkeeper] felt Apista fanning her wing desperately on her hair.
“Oh man. Oh man—that was scary. Idiot!”
She meant herself. No wonder this was dangerous! Rags nodded. She pulled Erin up, and they staggered back to the door leading out of here.
“Let’s go, Rags. I’m not coming back, and this is off-limits for Mrsha and anyone else until I find a snorkel. No—a breathing tank. How will I even find what’s here?”
“Turning off the water helps. Maybe you have to dredge it? Put all the stuff inside somewhere else?”
That would be a terrible task. Erin was almost out when Rags stopped her.
“Wait. I think…I want to check something else.”
“What? The tree’s made of electricity, and there’s sinkholes everywhere! What else do you want to see? Whether or not there are evil mud-fish-monsters in the deep?”
Rags’ head rose warily.
“Are there?”
Erin had to think. She concentrated. She could sense what was in the gardens, vaguely. She closed her eyes and felt out.
“…No. But there’s a huge underground space. We’re on a kind of—raised area, around the hill with the tree. Don’t go left or right. The bridge is narrow, and you can fall!”
“I know. I can see.”
The Goblin was wading through the mud to the nearest bit of metal. Erin raised a hand.
“Rags! I don’t know what that is!”
“I think I do. What was this place supposed to be? A [Garden of Sanctuary]. So maybe this was all grass. Or dirt.”
Rags was bending down, scraping at a visible piece of thin metal sticking out of the mud four feet high. Erin slowly walked over, cautiously making sure she had footholds. But Rags seemed to have a better idea of this place than even Erin.
Apista, for her part, was freaking out. She hated water, she hated mud, and she hated snow. Erin was 1 for 3 on her gardens that Apista had seen. No, 0 for 3—the koi fish in the ‘relaxing’ garden were monsters.
Yet—this was like playing detective. Or trying to see the intentions of each owner of the [Garden of Sanctuary]. In this case, all the clues were mostly obfuscated by time and the unfortunate rainstorm.
