9.19
Page 41
But think of what this might have been. Rags imagined a walkway leading up to that hill. And planted in the walkway, with rain falling and lightning—were these thin pieces of metal.
Very thin, and mostly, very rusted. This piece flaked apart at a touch from her gloved hands. Rags eyed the metal and had no doubt the rain had done this. Yet…she gazed around, eyes narrowing.
“What do you think these are? I think I know.”
Erin peered at the upright pieces of metal. Now the rain was gone, she saw not all were completely corroded. She saw a flash of bright steel as Rags waded over to another. Then Erin’s eyes widened. She remembered seeing a bolt of yellow lightning striking the object that she’d seen before. It would have electrocuted both Human and Goblin in the water, another reason why this was the most dangerous garden.
…Because all of the objects planted here were metal. And Erin realized they weren’t just metal. Rags reached down and slowly pulled out something that neither rain nor time had broken. Nor even the falling lightning.
She lifted a sword out of the muck. It was old, so old that Erin recognized the mithril blade in an instant. But the handle was strange—it had a long guard across the handle, but the handle was curved and contoured in a way Erin had never seen.
It had not been meant for Human hands, but some other grip. Erin’s eyes went wide. She looked around, and then she saw it.
“Swords?”
Then she made sense of the huge, thin pillar of metal in the distance. The way they all stood mostly upright. Swords! Rags looked around, and Erin caught a flash of what this garden must have been.
A grave of swords. Monuments to warriors, perhaps, or had the owner been a [Smith]? They had been planted in the rain as lightning struck down. Like some kind of terrible art piece.
Rags felt at the blade and jumped. Erin actually felt a tingle in the water as the Goblin cursed and yanked her armored hand away from the blade.
“Rags?”
“Shocking. It’s still charged.”
Or rather—it was charged by the falling lightning. Erin didn’t see any visible crackle running down the blade, but then Rags slashed the water.
“Yeowch!”
The electricity electrocuted Rags, Erin, and Apista, and all three practically leapt out of the water as Rags held the sword upright. The bee angrily jabbed her stinger in Rags’ direction as the Goblin apologized.
“Sorry. It must be active when I hold it.”
She eyed the blade, and Erin, wincing, gazed into the garden. Now she knew what they were, she saw most of the enchanted blades had probably succumbed to the battering long ago. Only the most powerful or durable ones were still untouched.
“Electric swords. Who made electric swords? Are they all powered by lightning? And it’s expensive, too! Look at that handle, Rags. Whomever had it had…claws.”
That was the only thing she could think of. The sword had deeper divots in the grip than any Human would want, but it fit a Drake or other clawed grip better. Rags nodded; her hands fit a bit better than Erin’s did.
“Insignia’s worn off. Nice sword, though. Balanced.”
It was a shortsword, and it had a curiously slanted diagonal edge along a flat, wide blade. Rags could actually balance it, and she seemed so engrossed Erin pointed at it.
“Why don’t you take it with you?”
Rags blinked.
“Me? Doesn’t it belong there?”
Erin gazed into the muddy pit and shook her head.
“Whatever this garden was—I’d rather take the swords out than risk electrocuting myself. And frankly, whoever owned the garden doesn’t deserve how it looks. Do you need a sword?”
