9.19
Page 27
He shook a fist at them, and this might have been true; they were all accounted for. The man stared at Relc and decided he’d get better backup if he just forced the issue. He headed for the Goblins, a hand on his sword.
“Excuse me, sir. No attacking Goblins. No killing Goblins in this inn. There’s a sign.”
Ishkr intercepted the man as Nanette looked around for Lyonette—but the [Princess] and her Thronebearers were meeting with the [Innkeepers] in another room. She was worried for Ishkr and, broadly, for the man if he drew blades.
After all, Shriekblade was about. But even so—it just took one stab for Ishkr to be in trouble. Or dead.
Yet the Gnoll was fearlessly blocking the Gold-rank, who was shouting now, and people were turning.
“Those damn Goblins are murdering monsters! There’s letting [Bandits] at your inn and there’s this!”
“Sir—I will have to ask you to leave if you don’t lower your voice. No one is harming Goblins.”
The man finally focused on Ishkr. He turned his uncertainty over whether or not he’d be able to beat the Goblins in a fight into a certainty about the Gnoll [Server].
“If you’re with them, you flea-ridden bastard, you’ll have every Gold-rank in Invrisil coming down on your head! Get your hands off me.”
There was a flurry as Ishkr tried to gently move him back. At this point, Nanette was reaching for a wand and looking for help.
—And help was there. Todi had heard the argument, and Selys’ bodyguard and enforcer of all things Selys was pushing through the crowd with three of his team.
He was too late. A scrum formed and broke up fast as people crowded in as the Waterborn Raider exploded into physical fury. Todi drew a club, cursing—and saw Ishkr, panting, next to the bar.
“Where is he? Ishkr, you alright?”
“Captain Todi? Everything’s fine.”
Ishkr looked up, and Todi whirled, looking for a ducking figure.
“Where’d the bastard go?”
Ishkr got up. He was breathing only a bit hard. He nodded to the closest window.
“Outside.”
Todi stared at the window, a good eight feet away. He strode over to it, cracked the glass open, and stared down straight at a man’s crotch. Never a good place to stare, but that was because he was staring at the Waterborn Raider—upside-down and struggling to get up. Todi glanced back at Ishkr and then shrugged.
He cracked open the window and happily leapt on his opponent as he called for his three teammates to back him up. The Todi school of fighting had all kinds of ways to kick someone when they were down. Very few moves in an honest fight.
 
——
 
The entire scene was just one of many in the inn. Nanette saw it because she kept her eyes open. She walked around the inn, sizing it up.
So that was how she met the new [Chef].
He was in the kitchen, warming up food and serving it out, but Calescent was cursing and sweating.
Not because he didn’t get how Erin’s inn worked. He had been here before, and her system of serving preserved food was perfect for rushes like this.
No, he was upset because he was trying to cook and he had no idea where anything was. You see, the Goblin was trying to make a good impression. And the problem was—he wanted to prove to Erin he could cook something for the guests.
Like some hot-hot fries, which he made with some sliced, roasted bell peppers, a unique spread of his own you lathered over cut french fries that made it delicious with his Skills.
He felt like this would be a good showcase of his talents. But Calescent was heating up lasagna and other stuff like pizza in the ovens while trying to find everything.
“Pepper. Where is peppers?”
