9.19
Page 6
Fortunately, she had four Thronebearers who knew the score, and she had talked to Lism in a quick conference.
“You need to subsidize several taverns to give out free food.”
“Subsidize?”
He said the word like it was a filthy thing. Krshia was also huddled with him, and she gave Lyonette a puzzled look.
“Ah, like the Meeting of Tribes?”
“Exactly. Free food—but not so much. Don’t scowl at me, Lism. It just needs to be a mix of free and paid food. Find a hole in your budget.”
“Our budget is calculated, you—you—okay. I can see the point. Free samples. What else?”
“Parade routes. How is the army coming in? Where are you giving speeches, and how many times are you going to repeat them? Get me a map of Liscor, Dalimont? Thank you. I suggest doing a route. You need to avoid crowds so pedestrians can get around…talk to Hexel. Now, I will try to provide entertainments, but you’ll need to help me. Invrisil has a lot of performers, so I suggest dividing them up.”
“And we’re paying for them too?”
Lyonette gave the Drake a sweet smile.
“I suggest taking an estimate of how much coin you think will be paid and selling permits for [Shopkeepers]—like yourselves—to sell at the best points, Councilmember. Also, remember the door travel fee.”
That mollified him. Krshia gave Lyonette a respectful nod, but she glanced at the second group waiting in the wings.
“And what about the entertainments?”
Lyonette bit her lip. She smiled at Krshia anxiously.
“…I intend to have something grand. I will let you know on the hour, Krshia. Alright?”
The Gnoll gave Lyonette a look that said she knew Lyonette had no plan, but she nodded and then grabbed Lism and put him into an clothesline across the throat because he was trying to talk to Lyonette.
“So let’s talk about civic awards. How many medals does Invrisil give out? Do they even have a trad—Krshia, let go, you’re strangling me.”
“We can ask the [Mayor] ourselves, eh, Lism? Elirr, you stay here and monitor the inn.”
Elirr jumped. He was ‘monitoring’ a drink and a sidebar of tapas that Imani had delivered as he chatted with Redscar, who, amazingly, was prone to socialness. He gave Krshia a relieved nod, and she winked.
Lism was being strangled by Krshia. He hissed at her.
“You’re choking me. I do the—save that for later, Silverfang. Fine, let’s convene the Council. Where’s Jeiss?”
Meanwhile, Zevara was storming out to convene the Watch. She was hopping mad about the impromptu parade—but she did have the time to prepare. And she was bribed; Lyonette had handed her a bag of coffee beans. Zevara had justified it by saying it would be shared through the Watch House. They’d probably need it.
As for the celebrations? Lyonette sat in one of the private dining rooms and thought. She turned to the dozen people who had filed in after her and smiled.
“Does anyone remember how Erin’s big parties went? She was always good at having one main event, but we need activities for this celebration. I need ideas. How did Erin do it?”
“Well…”
The answer came from a scarred Drake who wore a shirt that said, ‘I survived Liscor Hunted and they gave me this shirt’ on the back. He had gotten that idea from Kevin, but the originator of the now-profitable Liscor Hunted activities was none other than Menolit.
He had no tail, but the [Veteran] looked happy to be here and far more fulfilled than he used to be.
He was also an old customer of Erin’s, and he scratched at his chin.
