9.19
Page 43
Erin glanced sideways at the Goblin, and Rags saw her bite her lip. The Goblin pretended not to notice. She let Apista crawl over onto her shoulder and stood.
“Do you want to keep exploring or not?”
She thought she had ruined the mood, but Erin shook her head after glancing at the far wall.
“No. No—I want to keep doing this together. So long as you do.”
She looked so earnest that Rags said nothing more, and slowly, the two formed up. Erin was wet and shivering a bit, so Rags suggested she get more clothes.
“Don’t look, okay? I’m just gonna change—”
“Yeah, yeah.”
Rags waited as Erin shuffled into new clothes. Apista was buzzing on Rags’ shoulder as the Goblin patted her head.
One more garden, one more bad one and I swear, I’m stinging both of yous.
When Erin came back into the garden, Rags glanced at her black pants and mismatched, yellow shirt. Apista gave Erin an approving look, but the [Innkeeper] defended herself.
“I was in a rush! Selys bought me all kinds of weird stuff. What’s our garden? Let’s do one more, at least.”
“Your bee is going to sting us if we take her anywhere wet.”
Rags pointed to the fuming Apista, and the bee nodded. Even Erin and Rags could tell how ticked off she was, so Erin clapped her hands.
“What about this, then? Garden! Take us to the place Apista will like most!”
The final door was made of glass and as clear as the blue skies. Erin peered at it as Rags felt at the nigh-invisible handle. Apista fanned her wings longingly, and Erin stared into the last garden.
“Oh. Wow. This one was a Garuda’s, right?”
She opened the door, and the wind blew, and Erin inhaled a smell like spring and sky. She knew she had to show this to Ryoka, because this garden?
This one had belonged to someone who could fly.
 
——
 
The ground was not, actually, flowers and grass like Erin would have pictured. Some of it was hard-packed earth, dry because the sun had shone down on this place for such a long time. There were tough plants growing around, including what Erin thought was a bush—until she realized that all the leaves were, in fact, hiding little cotton balls!
The instant the wind blew, a dozen scattered into the air, and Erin looked up and saw the largest garden yet.
It was so tall, vertically, that Erin and Rags stared up and up and finally saw the dome concealed amongst a backdrop that seemed like a world of clouds and blue sky. Until you realized that was an illusion projected across the backdrop of the dome.
Apista was fanning her good wing as the wind blew, almost picking her up, and Erin spread her arms and ran, laughing, across the ground.
“Wow! This is a great garden! Look, Rags! Are those floating structures?”
She pointed up, and Rags shielded her gaze against the sunlight.
“Nope. Just wood.”
But they were concealed along the edges of the dome such that it did look like rooms and places were hiding high up there. Erin stomped a foot.
“Yet another secret area out of reach! Just you wait until my friend gets here! She can fly!”
Then she looked down at Apista guiltily, because the bee was staring up longingly into this place where she could fly free. Erin hugged the bee until Apista crawled out and began to hobble across the ground.
Then Erin looked so despondent that Rags had to say something.
“Maybe you can heal her?”
“If we had a drop of Potion of Regeneration—we could. But we don’t have any right now. Ilvriss took his bottle back.”
Erin bent down as Apista crawled along. She looked up at Rags, and her glee was gone.
“I’m sorry, Rags.”
“What about?”
Erin shook her head.
