9.19
Page 11
“Silverfang sold goods every day of the meeting for months. Each tribe had something. Ask Gireulashia.”
She nodded out a window where everyone could see the big [Paragon] following two children around. Mrsha was showing Nanette around the inn in Lyonette’s place.
For some reason, she had started with the outhouses. And then the stables, filled with snoozing Carn Wolves…Gire was following, glaring at Nanette. Krshia snorted fondly at Gire’s obvious jealousy.
“Ekhtouch, they had less goods and more services. One expert might teach you how to perfect your aim with a bow or another make you something only they could. Not just goods! There were great [Tailors] and artisans who took orders during the time they were there.”
Now, Lyonette saw it. She chewed at her lip, trying to think of what one city, Celum, Liscor, Esthelm, or Invrisil could do that another might want beyond belief.
The problem was…aside from Invrisil and Esthelm, Celum and Liscor were not hugely famous cities. Liscor’s army and the spring floods were their biggest draws, neither of which were here.
As for Invrisil, they had performers and adventurers and trade, but that didn’t entice their populace. Even the Players of Celum were merely ‘famous’, rather than the all-consuming fad they’d been months ago.
And Esthelm? Well, it had one of the best [Smiths] in the world, but Lyonette had a fairly good idea of how asking Pelt to create metal fast for an audience would go.
She valued her toes. And yet, surprisingly, at this point, someone spoke up with an idea that Lyonette hadn’t thought of.
“Well, if it’s a market or services you’re looking for—why not go to Pallass, Lyonette? I was just at their bazaar, and I saw a Djinni’s bottle on sale. An actual Djinni’s bottle.”
Lyonette looked up. Selys Shivertail sat there as every head turned to her. Menolit frowned at Selys.
“The what? Pallass has a bazaar?”
Selys gave him a long, strange look. Then she gazed around the entire room.
“…Yes. It’s famous. 1st Floor, remember? You’ve probably seen it when you walk Pallass.”
“Oh, sure, all the times I just visit Pallass. I’ve seen scrying orbs of it. It doesn’t look that great, and Erin said there wasn’t much aside from the 9th floor.”
Menolit snorted, waving his claw. Selys’ jaw opened and closed, and she hesitated.
“Menolit.”
“Yes?”
“You’ve never been to Pallass have you?”
“…No. So what?”
“So you’ve never been to Pallass, and your one piece of insight into the City of Inventions is Erin? Erin, who barely knows more than ten streets in Liscor? Erin, who had no idea we had a City Council until they held elections?”
Menolit hesitated. When she put it like that, it sounded bad. Selys shook her head.
“Erin has been on the 1st Floor of Pallass twice. They have one of the most famous trading hubs in all of Izril! They’re practically what Invrisil is to the north because they’re in the middle of so many trade roads. Lyonette, if you want to trade…”
That was when Lyonette saw it. She had a sudden vision and stood up slowly.
“Dame Ushar? I need to go to Pallass. I have to speak to their [Senators] and see how many [Merchants] can come here. They’ll need to bring goods. But what if—”
She spoke, running ahead of her ideas to everyone else. They listened, as Lyonette envisioned it.
