9.19
Page 7
“—If we’re talking about monster attacks, I recall there being a lot of gore. But you’d have drinks, food, and everyone just gobbled down everything in sight. Conversation? Mostly recounting nearly getting your face torn off by a moth. Then you’d be drunk and high on life and kiss the nearest pretty Drake and pass out. That’s how I remember it.”
He looked around for confirmation, and the rest of the guests chuckled or sighed. Selys scratched at her neck spines, looking slightly miffed.
“That’s mostly you, Menolit. Erin tended to have something else be the spotlight. Remember her plays? It was all about the Players, right, Temile?”
The Human man nodded, straightening his flamboyant dress as befit the [Producer].
“The light shines on the stage, and the food and drinks are background. I recall the ball game being much the same. Erin’s inn was always stocked up.”
“…But she has no secondary activities.”
“The people are the secondary activities. Always someone new to talk to.”
Menolit waved a claw, and Lyonette saw the subtle genius in it. Entertainment via excitement, her mother would have called it. You could get a ballroom of the nobility chattering for hours without needing more than a single string quartet in the background and enough to eat.
The problem was—the Antinium had already won their battle. The people might celebrate, but celebrate what?
“Are there any activities that Antinium do? Pawn?”
“Eat? Paint True Antinium? Play chess?”
He looked happy to be included in the group of successful business people that Lyonette had convened. Temile, Selys, even Palt and Imani, Kevin, Joseph for Earthers—
She needed ideas. Unfortunately, her guests were sympathetic—and not that helpful. Kevin waved a hand.
“What if Numbtongue got the old band back together? We could, like, play some songs.”
“What band?”
“Mrsha, me, Numbtongue, Octavia, Saliss.”
“Saliss of Lights is in a band?”
Temile’s jaw worked as he tried to digest that. Lyonette had almost forgotten that moment! Which just showed how Erin did have secondary activities. She shook her head.
“Good idea, Kevin, but this needs to be systematic. A ‘band’ can only be in one place. Yes, we might well do that, but I need all-day activities that tens of thousands can participate in. Even if each city puts on their own performances, we need to give them ideas. Anyone?”
The group shifted. Menolit slowly raised a claw.
“Well, Liscor Hunted can help. What if we let several people go in our groups for free and took some hunting Corusdeer or fighting Shield Spiders? That’s why you asked us, right, Lyonette?”
She smiled at him.
“Yes, thank you, Menolit. And I know that the Players of Celum and Liscor have agreed to put on performances—but we need more. Kevin, Joseph, Imani. You three are…from Erin’s home. Is there another sport you could introduce?”
Kevin, Joseph, and Imani looked at each other. The [Chef] looked surprised.
“What, just introduce a sport? Lyonette…I mean, there are some we haven’t done. Kevin?”
He hesitated.
“What about…basketball?”
“Anyone got a basketball?”
Joseph was well aware of how you needed the right ball for the game. Kevin shook his head. He looked around, scratching his head.
“Don’t they have catgut in Liscor? Or something similar? What about tennis?”
“Do we have bouncy balls? Badminton?”
The Earthers broke off to make a separate group to figure out the problem. But they had only a day or two and none of them knew how Erin had managed to bully her way into creating sports practically overnight.
