9.19
Page 17
A great wariness. A terrible fear and knowledge buried deep down. The [Innkeeper] who had chased off Rock Crabs and fought monsters had been brave, generous, and good. She had nearly died, but she had the willpower to fight, the intelligence that Rags admired.
That young woman had no enemies. This woman did, and she knew them well and waited for the day they would return. She had seen every failure in her actions, and she no longer pushed ahead blindly.
The two people they had been were still there, in Erin, in Rags. But there was almost more of them in the memories the others had of them. They saw it reflected in each other’s gazes and looked away.
Silence fell once more. Erin didn’t know what to say. Secrets, perhaps. Even the great secrets of dead gods. Zineryr. She might have told Rags everything—
But that wasn’t what she wanted to say to Rags. It was all going wrong. Erin thought of Ryoka and how they had met after so long. It was like that, but even worse, because unlike Ryoka, she had never talked to Rags.
“What—what were you going to do after the chess game?”
Rags shrugged.
“I don’t know. That was all I dreamed about. Thanking you for helping me.”
“I didn’t, really.”
Rags just narrowed her eyes slightly, and Erin protested.
“I didn’t! I gave you a bit of food, but I never helped you build your tribe, Rags. I didn’t help you against the Goblin Lord. I didn’t do…much of anything, really.”
“More than any other person I’ve ever met. Even Goblins.”
“So? I could have done so much more.”
Rags fell silent. Again, it seemed like something was on the tip of her tongue, but she left it unsaid. Rather than argue against Erin, she just dropped the matter.
Erin wasn’t expecting that. And she realized, to her chagrin, that despite their mutual—respect—for one another, they had very poor chemistry in dialogue. She couldn’t figure Rags out, how to speak to her. Erin could with Grimalkin or Relc, but Rags didn’t respond in the same way. Perhaps because she wasn’t certain how to speak to Erin herself.
“Who…who did you bring to the inn? Helpers, you said?”
Rags sighed slightly, but she nodded. She gestured to the far wall.
“Goblins. Two Hobs. Mostly small ones.”
“Good workers? Um. Lyonette will want to know. Do they have classes like [Server]? [Cook]?”
“…Nope. They’re all different. One is missing a leg. Got eaten by an Eater Goat. Another? [Petty Thief]. One Goblin who wanted to come, he…picks up sticks.”
“Oh?”
“Just that. Picks up sticks. Very good at picking up sticks, but he keeps nearly getting eaten by Wyverns. Goblins like that.”
Erin was silent for a second, but a word was on her tongue too fast for her to stop it.
“…Are you giving me troublemakers?”
Rags grinned.
“Yep. Goblins who are hard to fit in Goblinhome. That’s the place where we are. Maybe you can help them. Like me.”
“I’ll try. They’ll be safer here, I think. There are jerks, but—the inn is safe.”
Erin hoped that was true. She turned to Rags.
“We’ve got some of the Goblins who went with Badarrow, too. I didn’t know if they wanted to stay, but—”
“If they want to come, we’ll take them. Not all survived. Most did. More than I thought. Badarrow and Snapjaw lived. It was good.”
“How many died when you kidnapped the Healer of Tenbault? I had no idea you did that. It was so dangerous—but you did it for me. Thanks. Again.”
Rags waved a claw.
“Less. It was my choice. My choice, Erin. The only Goblins who died for you went with Numbtongue. I chose to raid Tenbault.”
For me. Erin fidgeted, and Rags seemed to take something else from the subtle motion. She lifted a finger.
