9.19
Page 12
“In our largest plaza in Liscor. A…Shivertail Plaza. Everyone brings something. Goods, heirlooms they don’t want, artifacts—and five cities and everyone who wants to come is allowed in. But here’s the catch—no one is allowed to sell with coin. Only goods for goods. Okay, maybe some coin, but the point is that you’re trading items for items. Things that Drakes have never seen in the south. Helmets, soccer balls—an emporium of goods!”
“Oh, bartering.”
Krshia looked amused, but Lyonette had the idea from the Meeting of Tribes. It didn’t solve all of her problems, but it was one of the larger things she could put on.
She quickly arranged the others to do their part; Selys was interested in bankrolling some of the activities, and the other business owners had events they were willing to put on. In fact, Lyonette asked Ser Sest to call up [Innkeepers] next. As soon as she got back to Liscor, she’d speak to them.
But for now, she rushed to Pallass. And when she looked down from the 8th Floor, she saw the largest floor, the bottom, sprawling with colorful tent canopies, people milling about, rolling wagons, the huge elevators—
Like Market Street in Liscor, but a thousand times larger. Lyonette’s eyes shone as she practically ran to an elevator. Yes, that would do. And in her great rush and hurry, she barely saw Pawn waving a hand and trying to speak to her.
 
——
 
While all of the exciting things were happening outside, a young woman was speaking with a Goblin inside a garden.
Time passed slowly. Not because it was immortal, but just because it was just the two of them.
No one entered through that door to the garden.
It didn’t exist. And while that might be selfish with such a busy and exciting time outside, the [Innkeeper] wanted nothing to disturb her conversation with the Goblin. So that was why time felt so slow. Perhaps time itself had been waiting for them to talk.
Properly.
The irony, then, was that their conversation was so slow to begin. Because it was slightly awkward.
There they were. Goblin and Human. Two of the first people in The Wandering Inn’s long tale, and they were—shy.
Shy, despite their long connection. As if they weren’t quite sure that the image they had of the other person was right. So they took their time.
“I’m glad to see you. Do you wanna see my garden? I mean, you’ve already seen a lot of it. But I’ve got more gardens these days. Lots.”
“I know.”
The first thing that came out of Erin’s mouth was silly. She was taking Rags on a walk around her garden. As if she were Mrsha, showing Nanette every crack and crevice of the inn.
Yet the Goblin seemed to enjoy it. Erin led Rags down that dreadful, beautiful hill, and the Goblin seemed to breathe easier. She looked back over her shoulder, but Erin was pointing out the Sage’s Grass and flowers.
“They’re both super important. One fuels the door with magic—and they’re totally safe. Isn’t that cool?”
“Very smart. Free magic. What about the yellow flowers?”
Erin twisted slightly and, once again, marveled that Rags spoke. She was even eloquent, not like how Ulvama pretended not to know syntax and diction. Yet she had something of the old Rags in her.
A recalcitrance to speech. Not as if she were shy like Numbtongue, but weighing her words, choosing them as if each one she spoke were important and reflected back on her.
If Mrsha could speak, she would be a silly babbler at times or as prone to pontificating as Pisces. That was not bad—but Rags’ way of speaking made Erin hang on the words. Because they were ones that the Goblin could never have said to Erin long ago.
