9.19
Page 35
And down the [Enchanter] came. Poisonbite had been sneering at the Human until she saw the skateboard. She monopolized Kevin’s time! Then her eyes went round as the bearded man, balanced low, came shooting down The Wandering Inn’s hill. The over-tuned magical skateboard was already ridiculously fast.
On Ceria’s ice? He blasted past the Horns of Hammerad as Kevin shouted.
“Hedault, watch—”
Up the ramp. Ceria had made one six feet high, the one she’d fallen off of. Hedault shot down the hill, along a valley, and summited the ramp in seconds. He went flying into the air. That would have been enough to make even Calescent, the guests staring out the windows, stare.
But Hedault, that precise genius who could memorize any enchantment—had watched Kevin demonstrating the kick flip. He tried it, his foot sliding across the board as he went off the ramp.
And the skateboard spun. A Human torpedo flew through the air, over the Goblins’ heads and their open mouths. Mrsha the Extremely Lame stared up at the coolest sight she had ever conceived of, mouth agape.
And Hedault’s feet came down and found the skateboard’s top. He looked down—and there was only grass. He’d cleared Ceria’s ice, and he landed on a hill covered with grass.
He should have wiped out and possibly fractured a foot, but a ring flashed, and he slowed a millisecond before impact. The metal skateboard hit the earth and buried itself a third into the dirt like a deadly missile. The [Enchanter] turned, glanced at his stunned audience—
And smiled.
 
——
 
The ice spread. By the time Lyonette poked her head out of the inn, she saw a foreign landscape, filled with ramps, half-pipes—and even an insane loop-de-loop that Ceria made just to see if anyone would try to do a complete rotation.
“…What?”
That was when Lyonette saw her first big attraction spontaneously generating itself. She saw skateboards, Goblins doing tricks, and an [Enchanter] flying through the sky with a screaming white Gnoll clinging to his back.
Lyonette shrieked—until she saw Hedault’s magic saving Mrsha and him from the crash. In fact—Kevin was as horrified as Lyonette, because the people of this world had a different attitude towards the threat to life and limb skateboarders faced.
They just ignored it. Hedault could ramp off a jump twelve feet high after shooting down a hill and land head-first, and his ring would just flip him right-side up and land him like a feather. And if you thought there wasn’t much of a market for his featherfall rings before?
Here was the thing about ice. It was cheap, easy to make if you had a Level 35 [Cryomancer] around, and it was cold. A few minutes running about on the ice and you were in the mood for something hot.
Skateboards? Skateboards had been around for a while, but as the Pallassians had noted—while it was hugely appealing, it was dangerous as all hell and a hazard to pedestrians in the City of Inventions. The ramps on the great walkways were, ironically, too steep for anyone to actually do more than risk breaking every bone in their bodies if they wiped out.
It was almost like you needed a separate…contained…moderately challenging…space for people who wanted to pursue something like this. Like a skatepark or ice rink.
Or both. Hedault had completely forgotten about his meeting with Kevin. So had Kevin—he was wheeling one of the new bikes over to the tallest hill and eying a ramp.
“He’s not going to—”
