9.19
Page 20
“I didn’t mean it was silly. I just laughed because…it sounds like my life. Too many Goblins, all of whom want to hop in my bed. Or throw other Goblins in.”
“…What now?”
Erin sat up as Rags heaved the largest sigh in creation. She gestured emphatically as she stared across the garden.
“Goblins want a Chieftain to have partners. It makes Chieftains more balanced. That’s what they say. Children are good. First it was Pyrite, then Redscar—but that was stupid. Now Taganchiel, but he doesn’t want to. Then—well, all this year, Poisonbite tries until I kick her out of Goblinhome and lock the doors. Now? Probably Ulvama. Or Badarrow or Snapjaw. Or both.”
She glared past Erin, clearly venting over a long-standing issue between her and her tribe. Erin was mildly appalled.
“What, they want you to get in a three-way relationship?”
“Eh. Anything.”
“What’s the basis in thinking that a partner makes a Chieftain stable?”
Rags counted on her claws.
“Garen? No partner. Very crazy. Tremborag? Only has sex. Very crazy. Reiss? Goblin Lord. Very crazy. No partner. Goblins get stupid ideas.”
Erin had to admit, when she put it like that, there might be causation or correlation. But Rags wasn’t done.
“Now? They just want me to have fun. So every fourth night, I find Goblin in bed. Naked. In my bed. Tall, short, big, small. Very muscly, very scarred. Very magic—all the attractive Goblins, even ones in relationships.”
Attractive meaning, of course, any quality a Goblin thought was attractive, including the more technical aspects of sex to being a very attentive companion. Rags had shot them all down faster than Fightipilota in her dreams of soaring through the air in a jet plane.
Her scowl was huge, and, when she realized she was confiding all this in Erin, hugely embarrassed. Rags turned away.
“Stupid problems to have.”
“You’re telling me. Do you—do you feel bad?”
“About what?”
Rags looked over, and Erin’s face was guilty. And wistful.
“Not giving any of them a shot? I mean, I don’t have people in my bed—and that sounds like a real problem. Especially if they don’t wash their feet first! But I…I almost wish I had given all of the relationships a try, y’know? Just so I could say I tried. It’s not like I didn’t like Altestiel, you know?”
“…No.”
The [Chieftain] gave Erin a strange look, but Erin was trying to explain. Her cheeks flushed.
“I liked Altestiel. A bit. Just not in the way I thought I should if I was gonna love him or anything. But isn’t that how it starts? You really like someone and that turns into love?”
Rags sneered.
“Looks more like needing to jump each other, first. Love? Different. Snapjaw and Badarrow are a couple. Not like Poisonbite and her problems.”
Erin hung her head.
“Yeah. That’s what I thought. But I do like Altestiel. I do like Numbtongue and even Niers.”
Rags cast a glance at Erin.
“So you don’t try. Hmm. I thought you would have an easy time. Be an easy person.”
“What? Me?”
Erin turned red and grew a bit outraged, but Rags just shrugged.
“Love. Not sex. Easy person to have loves with. Bah. What do I know?”
She stared moodily away, but Erin turned to her. Hungrily.
“No, wait. Why would I be good at it? I’m terrible. I’ve never held down a good relationship for more than, like, two weeks. Except one time, and that was long-distance. On a computer. What…what makes me good at it?”
The Goblin thought for a moment how to explain it. Then she jerked a thumb to the dome above them and the opening.
“Did you see the Carn Wolves in the stables?”
Erin gave her a strange look, and a door swung open.
