9.19
Page 36
Kevin went down the ice, tried to do a bike jump, and wiped out. He was followed by fifteen of Poisonbite’s Goblins and Poisonbite herself, who tried to do a series of tricks on the boards. Half made it and then raced back to do it again.
“I think we’ve got some entertainment.”
Lyonette spoke, amused, and the [Innkeepers] peered outside. Some of them looked horrified by the dangerous sport. Others, like Ulia, were quite interested.
“Should we let it continue, Miss Lyonette?”
Ushar was glaring at Dalimont, who was allowing the Mrsha-endangerment, even if she had a ring. Lyonette tapped her finger on her lips.
Erin would. Erin would embrace this whole-heartedly. But Lyonette? She closed her eyes.
“…No. No, Ushar. Approach Ceria—no, she’ll agree. Find me [Woodworkers], [Carpenters], and ask Kevin how the skateboards are made. If they can be made easily, then requisition their services. Then we will organize a proper park…potentially not with such dangerous ice. Is there anywhere in Celum, Invrisil? Would wood work? Then we will have Kevin do tutorials and let people make these boards. And he can advertise Solar Cycles.”
Dame Ushar gave Lyonette a respectful nod as the [Princess] smiled.
“We also might need to make sure no one gets hurt, Your H—”
She glanced at the [Innkeepers].
“Miss Lyonette.”
The mother gave Ushar a happy smile.
“Of course! Which is why we’ll sell those helmets and pads Kevin wants to make with the bicycles. To parents. [Tailors] and [Armorers]. Oh, and find Drassi and tell her we have a story.”
“Are you sure she’ll find it newsworthy?”
Lyonette eyed Hedault, the famed [Enchanter] of Invrisil, doing a 360-degree spin through the air before landing and continuing his mad tricks.
“I’m sure she will. Now, back to business. [Innkeepers], please tell me how many guests your inns can handle and what kind of guests you can host. Please, don’t exaggerate. We will have lists and track how many guests we send where. And you, in turn, will kindly direct them to the following attractions…”
She turned to the [Innkeepers] briskly, and they were listening, and Lyonette was being fair. Even to Agnes. She had a grand celebration to run, and it had skateboarding, a bazaar—and it was starting to feel like an actual party.
 
——
 
The [Princess] had such grand dreams. And she might well do it all by herself. Wistram was setting up its Adventure Rooms for a huge opening, and she had so many people speaking to her, learning her name as someone who did these things.
All the while, the actual [Innkeeper] was almost forgotten. She was in a world of her own with Rags. She put one guest above thousands.
That was just her way. Erin Solstice and Rags stood in the [Garden of Sanctuary], brushing snow off their clothes. Erin was shivering despite having gone into her room for a coat. Rags was warm enough; they had just come back from the icy Dullahan’s fortress.
The Snow Golems had not troubled them. The survivors watched Erin, but the owner of the Key of Reprieve was not troubled. Nor was Rags, so long as she stayed close enough to Erin.
“So that’s what it looked like. How many are there?”
“Dozens. Um. Two dozen? I forget. Not as many as a hundred by far. Do you want to explore the others? I haven’t really, so far.”
Erin turned to Rags, and the shorter Goblin nodded, smiling with interest. The smile was mirrored on Erin’s expression. This felt like the old days.
Strangeness, something new and wondrous. And…talking. But talking while doing something else. So Erin took Rags by the hand, and the Goblin frowned at her.
