9.19
Page 24
Yes! And I’ll show you, but Erin is busy. And we’ll go to the playground—and Ekirra and Visma are here! But let me show you Bird’s tower next!
Mrsha went scampering up the stairs. She had a less organized way of showing people around and often travelled across the inn to one spot before running back. But fair was fair—Nanette and Gire had energy to burn unlike the sluggish Lyonette and Erin, who got tired and had ‘jobs’ or had been ‘shot with crossbows’.
Nanette began to hurry after Mrsha until a huge Gnoll with reddish fur blocked her and ran after Mrsha, just slow enough to keep forcing Nanette to halt. She saw Gire give her a huge scowl as they went up to Bird’s tower.
“Mrsha. Shoo. I am eating a rock bird. Go away. Oh, hello, Gire.”
Bird was just as friendly as the rest of the inn. Nanette found herself greeting him, and the Antinium was instantly fascinated with her.
“Do [Witches] fly? What requirements does a [Witch] have for the class?”
“Only being female and having a hat, Mister Bird.”
“Tricky. Tricky. And how good at flying is this Alevica?”
“She can fly for…a few minutes. I think longer if she charges her craft, but it’s not forever.”
Bird wrote this down.
“I see. Miss Ryoka can fly longer, but she sometimes breaks every bone in her body. Also, she may attract bolts of lightning and ‘drama’. Whatever this means. On the other hand, a [Mage] can cast [Levitation]. Thank you for telling me about [Witches], but they seem suboptimal on my ranking list.”
Nanette covered her mouth as Mrsha pointed at Bird, who was indeed a character. The [Witch] saw Gire fidgeting. She spoke up loudly.
“Well—you could ride a Roc like Az’muzarre’s tribe, Bird. We saw one, right, Mrsha?”
“Really?”
The little Gnoll shook her head emphatically. No old tribe stuff, thanks! Gire’s face fell, and Nanette smiled. She couldn’t help it.
“You could turn into a bird if you were Witch Mavika, Bird. And she has thousands of birds.”
“Wh—really? Tell me more! Your class has now reached the top of Bird’s flying class ranking. You are Nanette? Can you turn me into a bird? Not yet? Then I will be nicer to you than Mrsha in case you ever develop this power. That is called foresight.”
Giggling, Nanette shook all four hands. Mrsha was beaming—and Gire was not. Her scowl had manifested itself the moment Mrsha had told her about her new ‘best friend’.
Which wasn’t a misnomer. Children could have multiple best friends, and Mrsha meant it in the sense of wanting to be one.
But Gire was behaving…well, in a way as unfamiliar to her as Mrsha, really. She had never been jealous, and Mrsha was the one who was mostly jealous, vengeful, and petty.
So Mrsha didn’t notice Gire slowly ramping up her campaign of sabotage and harassment. First, she got in Nanette’s way. Then—she got really petty.
“Hello? Hello?”
Nanette was in the outhouse when she realized the door was blocked. She tried pushing, then using both her legs, but something—namely a nine-foot tall Gnoll—kept her blocked in for four minutes until Mrsha came to see if Nanette needed more toilet paper.
Whereupon Gire was innocent and helpful. Nanette adjusted her robes as she stared at Gire, and the [Paragon] gave her a challenging look behind Mrsha. Again, the Doombearer was more focused on swinging the door open and shut to make sure no one else was stuck in a dark purgatory.
But—well, the three were running around a busy inn. In fact, multiple [Innkeepers] were now coming to the inn itself.
So they came. Walking up to the inn by themselves in small groups, coming from Celum, Esthelm, Invrisil—and even Pallass.
