9.19
Page 5
“You’ve changed. Tell that [Innkeeper] that. I remember when she’d have her big parties out of nowhere. One second I’m dusting flour off my claws, the next? Moths. And then we’re eating snacks and clubbing the stragglers down. Or what about the party with music? Now you’re organizing it? You’ve changed.”
“I…will relay that to Miss Solstice at your convenience, sir.”
“You do that. Now, as I was saying, what kind of flour did you want? Because there’s acorn flour and wheat flour, and I assume your list just says ‘flour’, which is wheat flour, but sometimes you get things wrong. Why, once, I delivered six bags of wheat flour only to learn that I was supposed to have—”
Ser Lormel’s smile calcified in place. But while some [Bakers] could object, the rest of the city liked the actual time they had to prepare for this big celebratory bash.
The only question was…some people were making plans to close up the next day or already headed to the inn, which was a known quantity in celebrations.
But the question was—what was going to be on offer today, tomorrow, and so on? Drinks? Food? The moment? Yes, but if it were a holiday, there was a plan, right?
 
——
 
Lyonette du Marquin was a Calanferian [Princess]. She knew she had upped the stakes by calling for a parade and holiday.
If anything, she had had the easiest time talking the various leaders of cities into it. The potential for profits drove Liscor’s Council straight into a ‘yes’, as well the opportunity to garner attention and acclaim for their army.
Invrisil? The City of Adventurers’ [Mayor] had been bowled over by Lyonette in the first engagement, and they were no stranger to delights and parties. Same for Celum; the [Mayor], Cetris Duiland, had practically begged to be invited to the festivities.
Because there was a high, high profit incentive. Imagine, Lyonette had claimed, having a door open to all the cities? Obviously, Invrisil would be a long commute, but what if visitors trickled into Liscor for two days in preparation for the third one? Then, on the third day, they’d be able to transit to local cities like Esthelm, Celum, and a few would get to hop to Invrisil or Pallass.
During that time, all the cities would be putting on a joint holiday, and so you’d get your share of activities in each city, pay for food or lodging at inns, and fill the coffers of every city. This event had the potential to draw in people in the radii of every city, from noble guests to people who wanted to see the Antinium or be part of a news event.
Most of the leaders of their cities were canny enough to see how valuable this could be, and they agreed to spread the word. Visitors from Wales would head to Celum to see their army celebrated. Nobles in Invrisil could come to Liscor to safely see the Antinium and appear on the news.
All great. All wonderful. However—that left Lyonette with a problem she knew would come up, and it was this.
Activities. Festivities. You needed them. Now, Erin could throw a party in a second, but she mainly threw it around something new, like baseball being invented or a monster disaster being defeated. But for days of festivities?
Calanfer had [Troubadours] who sang in shifts. They had events for little children, late-night festivities; some funded taverns to hand out free drinks all day, and a parade was almost inevitable, with at least one [Princess].
And that was the baseline for Ielane to even consider something. She always kept Calanfer’s celebrations fresh and exciting. Lyonette had no smaller aspirations.
