9.19
Page 21
A doorway appeared in the grass on the hill, a line that slowly opened, as if it were always there, but hidden by some geometry such that it swung open and revealed itself in one motion. Through the portal in space, a stable appeared, past the outhouses, where a bunch of rust-red shapes were piled up.
Rags nearly backflipped into the Sage’s Grass in surprise. The door’s appearance was uncanny. She was also unsure of what she was looking at—a wooden stables with wide berths, filled with red fur?
Then she saw a bunch of Carn Wolves snoozing from their ride from the High Passes. They were munching on some fat bones that Ishkr had found for them, and a few were forming the most natural fortress of fluff that Erin had ever seen.
“Whoa. Big doggies!”
One perked an ear up at her voice and saw the door open on one wall of the inn. The Carn Wolf blinked at Erin and Rags, and then its eyes opened wide. It howled and freaked out in surprise. Erin guiltily closed the door as the snooze-pile turned into a chaos of barks.
“Sorry. What about them?”
Rags picked herself up, grumbling.
“Carn Wolves. Even they have pairs. One wolf, male and female. For life. Some just have sex, like Poisonbite. But when they are a couple—even Carn Wolves love uniquely. That’s what it looks like. Like Badarrow finding weird things to feed Snapjaw. Not like any other relationship. Goblins in the Molten Stone Tribe trade masks or make each other a mask. Mountain City Goblins make rings. But each one is different.”
She was making a point Erin understood, but she was still astonished when Rags pointed at her.
“You are those moments. Even if not love itself—unique. So. I thought it would be easy for someone to fall in love. Because it’s already…special.”
That was the most interesting way of thinking about a relationship that Erin had ever heard. She knew it had to come out of Rags observing these things and thinking hard. And yet—it also struck her as quintessentially wrong. She shook her head, smiling sadly.
“Yeah, but Rags…loving like that would mean I’m like—in a relationship with everyone. It should be even more special with that person you’re going to spend all your time with, right? And it’s not like that for me. Look at Jelaqua.”
“Who? Oh, the Selphid. What?”
Erin tried to explain.
“Jelaqua likes everyone. She’s great. She’s nice, doesn’t judge, and she’s friendly. But once she met Maughin, she really did change a bit. She sometimes gets nervous that things are gonna fall apart. She gets anxious, obsessed with being a good partner—she’s even a [Lover], you know?”
The Chieftain grunted as she scratched at her head.
“Seems like she got worse.”
“Maybe—but she does seem happy. I don’t see myself adding more than—well, being the best of friends. Even with Numbtongue.”
Erin swallowed a lump in her throat. She hesitated and then burst out a bit.
“Maybe I’m just cold. In a relationship. Romantically, I mean. Someone told me that once.”
The Goblin turned her head to Erin. She raised both of her brows, then saw how seriously Erin said it. Instead of laughing at the idea, Rags stared at the jungle of trees in part of the garden and shook her head.
“Cold people don’t have hats made of fire. Cold people don’t see Goblins instead of monsters. That was wrong.”
It made Erin feel better to hear Rags say that. Silly as it was—she ducked her head.
“Thanks. It’s just that I’ve messed up all the relationships and dates I had back—back home. On Earth. I did tell you about it, right?”
“Eh. I heard it from Kevin.”
“Kevin!”
Erin shook her fist randomly at the sky. Then she laughed.
