9.19
Page 48
Apista saluted them with one antennae. Then Erin was laughing and running after her, and Rags’ aura was changing. The Goblin looked up and sighed.
Later, she would hear the voice telling her what she already knew. But that new aura flickered around her. Changed by her meeting with the [Innkeeper].
Erin Solstice.
 
——
 
One last thing happened to the inn as a tremor ran through it, disturbing dishes, startling guests, and heralding the beginning of strange, fantastic days.
The Goblins, Humans, Drakes, and Gnolls all didn’t see it at first. But then Numbtongue nearly ran smack-bang into it when he and Octavia were running out to see what Erin had made explode. He stopped, and his eyes went round.
“Is that—from the garden? It has to be. Numbtongue!”
Other guests hadn’t even realized what had happened. They turned—and exclaimed. Some leapt out of their seats in shock. Relc? His eyes bugged out.
“That’s not supposed to happen. You—that’s from the garden. Erin! Is she alright? Is she—”
He leapt to his feet in a panic, but Numbtongue didn’t think Erin was hurt. Or perhaps…he stared at what was standing in the common room of The Wandering Inn.
It had appeared in the center of the room on a little pedestal. Just grey stone. A function—one of the oldest functions of the [Garden of Sanctuary].
Yet the two statues who stood there shouldn’t have been present. Not…not yet. Erin and Rags stood there. Clasping hands and smiling at one another.
How? Numbtongue didn’t think they were dead. Yet—he looked at the door to the garden, where a laughing [Innkeeper] and the [Chieftain] were coming from, following an out-of-control bee.
She had died. That was her garden, and so Erin’s statue belonged there. As for Rags? It might not be time for her. But the garden surely knew who would one day stand on that hill.
Perhaps that was why. Numbtongue’s claws trembled as he looked at the first statue to fill The Wandering Inn for all to see. It was a [Message] louder than even the Goblins’ presence as helpers.
For you could call them [Mercenaries] or servants or even justify their existence as some did without calling them people.
But if you did, then that statue made no sense. For they were not shaking hands to seal any deal. There was no partnership nor give or take on the gently smiling Goblin’s face or the [Innkeeper]’s beaming smile.
Just friends. They clasped hands as, once again, The Wandering Inn saw its [Innkeeper] walk out of the garden’s doors to cheers. Erin looked around and blinked out a window.
“Is that a skating rink? What have you guys been up to? Let’s do this party!”
She laughed, and Rags smiled. Then the two of them walked out, properly. Not to thank each other anymore, but as friends.
 
[Great Chieftain Level 35!]
[Skill Change – Aura of Command → Aura of the Emissary obtained!]
[Spell: Apista’s Jetflame created.]
[Skill – The Innkeeper’s Daily Bounty (The Wandering Inn) obtained!]
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I edited 1.02 R along with doing this 30k chapter. In three days. And it was good, substantive edits.
I uh…I’m working hard. I may need to take a day off just to do edits or screw around with fun side-writings. If so, I will let you know, but I think that my rewrite speed on Volume 1 is too slow. Taking an entire update off would be a lot, but I am pushing harder than usual, I think.
