9.19
Page 32
“Like it? I’ve been experimenting with my ice. See, Pisces, Yvlon? I can create barriers and ramps. So if I can manage my balance—what’s wrong, Pisces? Afraid?”
He was still testing his balance on the edge of the ice. At her words, the [Necromancer] glanced up. Then he did a little hop and went shooting down the side of the hill. He passed by Ceria and Yvlon, arms spread wide, and even did a little twirl on one foot as his teammates stared at him.
Mrsha stuck out a foot, and Pisces tripped and went flying. She laughed until he came up with a bloody nose. But the [Necromancer] just grabbed her and tossed. Mrsha went skidding past Ceria like a giant, white puck.
“Okay, slightly dangerous.”
Pisces dabbed at his nose with some potion. But he gave Ceria an arch look as he cleaned the blood away.
“As Lyonette saw fit to remind me—I do come from Ailendamus. They had frozen winters, and I learned to keep my balance on ice. As part of my father’s wonderful training.”
Indeed, Ceria saw Yvlon was gingerly trying to skate on her own boots. The half-Elf tried to copy her two teammates and nearly wiped out.
“Wait. I’m the [Cryomancer]. You two—off the ice! I’m the one who’s supposed to be better than you two.”
“Oh, indeed? Dear me, then I’m sure you’re holding back.”
Pisces, smirking, skated in circles around Ceria as Yvlon managed to do a straight line and break. Ceria wobbled, tried to take a step, and fell forwards. Mrsha skated past her, this time giggling as Gire hopped onto the ice and did a perfect slide.
“This is wonderful! I’ve only done this once before. Mrsha! Let’s skate!”
There was nothing like a [Paragon] for making you feel like an idiot. Gire skated with one leg raised behind her, wobbling, and looked delighted when she nearly fell over. And by now, Kevin was asking if anyone did have skates. When it turned out no one did, he did a running start, leapt onto his knees, and did a slide, arms raised.
Ceria’s ice was indeed like a maintained ice rink from Earth. Wet, fresh, and slippery. Possibly too slippery. The half-Elf got up ruefully and pointed at the ice.
“Maybe I need more grip. Or those skates. Let me try drying it out a bit. I—oh, there you are, Ksmvr!”
The Antinium had spotted his team doing something without him and came running.
“Captain Ceria, are we training on icy terrain? Novel idea! Let me try to whoa—whoa!”
To Ceria’s great satisfaction, their [Skirmisher] slipped a bit as he ran forwards. Despite his [Sure Footing] Skill, ice was ice. He slipped onto his back—
—And flashed past his teammates. Ksmvr’s four limbs flailed as he shot past Mrsha on his back shell.
His back shell—which was perfectly smooth. Like an Antinium cannonball, he ramped up over a hill and landed on the other side—and kept going on the ice.
“I believe I have discovered a faster method of travel—”
Pisces and Yvlon were laughing. But then Ksmvr got up and, to Ceria’s great pique, began to hop across the ice, running about with his Skill with only a minor amount of slippage.
“Ceria, this is great. Can you make your spell go further? Pisces, how good at ice skating are you?”
“Only as talented as the most capable amateur.”
Pisces polished his nails on his robes. Yvlon bared her teeth at him.
“Race you all the way over to the edge, there? Ceria, make the ice three hundred feet long. First one wins, but if you slip, you lose.”
“Hey! I’m the [Cryomancer].”
