9.19
Page 14
The two stared at each other slightly too long. And then Erin realized she hadn’t laughed and tried to, but it sounded unnatural.
“Oh. Hahaha! That’s great!”
“Mm. You don’t have to.”
Rags grunted, and Erin fell silent. She tried to insert a word into that silence—and fumbled.
She fumbled. Where she had spoken to people she hated or, at least, talked to them and known how to persuade them to think or do something, she couldn’t quite do the same with Rags. That bothered her.
“…I’ll definitely post <Quests> that can help, Rags. Definitely. You just ask. You need food? Or, um—things? I can post a <Quest> if you want. Even a hidden, private one.”
“You can do that?”
Rags’ head raised. Her red eyes shone with interest, and she spoke quickly.
“I thought you did. I have questions. About how they work. About the rewards. Are they really random?”
“Yes! They’re totally new. Actually—I might have, uh, unlocked them.”
“You unlocked them?”
Rags just blinked at Erin and then snorted and rolled her eyes.
“Of course. Duh. Strangers from other worlds. You unlocking <Quests> and coming back from the dead. Very normal.”
Erin’s smile felt strained. She didn’t feel like Rags was insulting her. She was just—desperately—
What?
What? What was so wrong that made this feel more painful than it should be? It should be the best. But Rags?
Perhaps Rags felt the same, because she caught herself and shook her head. She kicked at a mushroom and sent it flying.
“I—no. I don’t want to ask you about that. Not yet. Later.”
She stopped, took a breath, and Erin thought she saw the uncertainty in Rags’ face for a second. The Goblin looked up and pointed to the hill.
“I saw the statues there. Is that…part of your garden?”
Erin’s heart squeezed. Then she looked at Rags, and the bit of cheery artifice she’d put into her voice faded. She looked around and realized that the only bench in the entire garden was up in the hill of mists.
“Let’s go walk up on the hill. I can sit in the grass. Sorry. I get tired.”
Rags nodded. They walked up the hill, and Erin, to her great embarrassment, had to lean on Rags’ shoulders. She was still tired from her excitement in Riverfarm. But the Goblin didn’t say a word.
“Sorry. I’m still…”
“It’s okay. You’re not heavy. Sometimes Thunderfur lies on me.”
She meant the huge wolf? Erin smiled and hid her head. Rags glanced at Erin—then she poked Erin in the side.
The [Innkeeper] nearly jumped off the hill, and Rags glanced at her. But the [Innkeeper] finally sat down, and when she spoke, it was facing the hill shrouded in mists.
“…Yeah. The hill was there when the garden was given to me. It’s everyone. Everyone…I’m sorry I didn’t warn you.”
“It’s fine. I saw it the first time I came here.”
Rags settled, cross-legged, as Erin stretched her own feet out. The [Innkeeper] gave Rags a puzzled glance, and the Goblin elaborated.
“When you were dead.”
“Oh. You visited my…my grave?”
Instantly, Erin realized she’d said the wrong word.
“My body, I mean? When it was frozen?”
Rags just nodded.
“Yes. I got here too late. I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be sorry. It was my fault. I was silly and careless and—”
The young woman swallowed a lump in the middle of her throat. She looked down at her weak legs and felt the same sensation that she remembered in her dreams.
A sudden push at her chest and a strange, alien feeling. Lying on the ground and wondering why she couldn’t breathe. A piece of wood and steel buried in her lungs.
Dying. The worst part of all was that in her memories, in that dream—Erin Solstice died smiling. She died too soon, unexpectedly, in the stupidest of ways.
