9.19
Page 10
He turned to the watching crowd. Kevin waved the racket at the Drakes, Humans, Gnolls, Antinium, and Goblins. Even the Antinium looked unimpressed.
“Tada. Tennis. Alright, who’s up for a game?”
He waited for volunteers. The crowd looked at each other, and finally, a Drake raised a claw.
“Wait. Isn’t that just Toresball? Only, your paddles are too wide. I play it all the time in Pallass.”
Kevin’s face fell.
“What? You have that game?”
The Drake gave Kevin a long, long look.
“Yeah. It’s hitting a ball with a stick. Walled Cities play it indoors.”
The crowd muttered. Several Humans knew a similar game with horses and long poles where you played a kind of golf. Kevin’s heart sank.
“Well, what about…basketball? Joseph, basketball?”
“Ringshot? Lizardfolk play that with hoops in Baleros. Theirs are sideways, though. Got any other ones?”
Jelaqua leaned against Maughin, cuddling her beau who’d come out to meet her as Joseph slapped his forehead.
The Earthers conferred, talking about other games of varying levels of entertainment. What did they have? Board games? Um…hockey? Meanwhile, the crowd eyed their ‘tennis’ example. One called out.
“You’ve changed, man. The inn used to be fun.”
“Shut up! We’re trying!”
Joseph shouted back at a [Baker] in the crowd. Of course, that just provoked jeers, and the Earthers turned into the amusement. Imani shook her head as she climbed onto Palt’s back.
“I have to go. We need to cook up a storm. Tell Lyonette we tried.”
The Centaur galloped into Liscor as Kevin looked around for support. But to his chagrin, even Venaz looked disappointed and headed back to the inn in search of more entertainment. Ceria wandered off, munching on her food, and Kevin stood there—until someone poked him repeatedly in the side.
“Hey. Skateboard? Show me tricks. And give bike.”
Poisonbite grinned at him. Then Kevin realized the Goblins were cashing in on some promises he made. Slowly, he sidled off with the Goblins until Joseph realized he was alone.
 
——
 
Lyonette’s inspiration would come, just not from the sources that Erin had used. And she realized that—they did have baseball and soccer here.
So why not put on some games? Let people compete. Yes, compete.
She was coming up with a roster of ideas now, from finger-painting the Painted Antinium sigils and putting them on kites for children and adults to sports. And…
“A chess tournament.”
Every head in her group of brainstormers turned to her. Lyonette sat there and snapped her fingers.
“Erin always puts one on—but just between her guests. Why not a real tournament? With a hundred gold prize! The inn will sponsor that.”
“A hundred gold? You sure?”
Lyonette smiled sweetly.
“Well, we shall enter Erin herself into the competition, so I don’t consider it a cost. But why not? We can even have people play remotely, via scrying orb.”
She was so desperate for ideas, the significance of the first paid tournament of chess didn’t occur to her. Meanwhile, Lyonette was still keenly aware that no idea thus far was large enough to justify a huge crowd.
Yet the Meeting of Tribes had done it. Calanfer could do it—she just needed something. Frustrated, Lyonette looked at Krshia.
“How did the big tribes keep everyone entertained?”
“Aside from reunions and the deals each tribe made? They put on grand shows and activities, but Lyonette—the Meeting of Tribes in itself was the event.”
Krshia raised her brows, urbanely amused. She gestured to her silver earrings, which were in the shape of tiny, twisting Dragons today.
