9.19
Page 33
But it was too late. Pisces and Yvlon were off, and Pisces did a running start, then just stopped, sliding and maintaining his balance. Yvlon went running, then drew her sheathed sword and used it as a guide to push herself onwards. Pisces shouted as Ksmvr ran past him, ignoring the slippery ice.
“No fair!”
They were…better than she was! Ceria’s outrage knew no end. She tried to speed up, raised a ramp of ice to leap off of, as if she were jumping over a Gargoyle—
Kevin watched and then winced as a sprawling half-Elf went flying over a ramp, six feet into the air and—
“Oooh! Oh god!”
Joseph covered his eyes. It was one thing to see someone bellyflop like that. Another to see someone hit solid ice that hard.
All the Horns skated over as Ceria slowly picked herself up.
“If anyone laughs, you freeze. My master could do it. Dead gods, she could skate over waves. She once sawed a ship in half.”
“She what? What’s all this ice? Are you talking about that story about a crazy [Cryomancer] skating on the ocean? That’s a myth I heard eight years back!”
Wailant had discovered the icy skating area. More people were testing the edges of the ice, but only a few were willing to risk their safety. He laughed—until Pisces and Ceria gave him a strange look.
“Icy floor? Interesting idea. I wonder how many monsters can skate.”
Seborn was just as nimble as Ksmvr and Pisces. He stepped onto the ice and began to slide.
“Oh, look at that! Remember when I told you about the waxed floors, Maughin? Let’s try it!”
Jelaqua was eager, but the huge, armored Dullahan had a healthy respect for how hard you could fall. He demurred as some Goblins came marching over.
“Kevin! More bikes! What this?”
Poisonbite tugged him over as she scuffed at the frozen ice covering the grass. Kevin got up reluctantly.
“It’s skating. It’s fun! Damn, if Pelt wouldn’t kill me, I could ask him to make some skates. I bet he could in minutes.”
Poisonbite just gave Kevin a look.
“Good way to break head open. Only crazy people run on ice.”
She stared deliberately at Ceria. Mrsha didn’t care. Ekirra had found the ice rink and had run onto it with his soccer ball. She watched him try to scamper after it and go sliding the wrong way and begin running on all fours to get back to it.
Ice physics were hilarious. Mrsha was having so much fun, and she noticed more and more people taking interest in Ceria’s winter wonderland.
However, that wasn’t when it got interesting. Not yet. The interesting part came with the most uninteresting, boring man in Mrsha’s personal fun-rankings. She was surprised to even see him, but the annoyed [Enchanter] came marching down from the inn, and Kevin groaned.
“Oh no. Hedault, I’m sorry—”
“You missed our meeting, Kevin. I have been waiting for twenty minutes. I should have known the inn was to blame. Again. I have the latest ‘ball bearings’ enchanted and—why is half the area covered in ice? Ah, the Horns of Hammerad. I will be leaving now. Will you be attending the meeting or not?”
Hedault took one look at Ceria and the Horns, and his expression of distaste for everything here ramped up. Kevin got up, apologizing profusely, and Ceria blew Hedault a kiss.
“Hey, Hedault! Nice to see you too! Don’t you want to join the party?”
Hedault’s look of antagonism only grew when he saw Mrsha, begging to be turned into a shot-put by Gireulashia. He only stopped when he saw something strange.
Poisonbite. Not that the Goblin was, to the [Enchanter], novel. See one Goblin in a non-antagonistic setting and you’d seen them all.
