9.19
Page 47
—Yet she was proudly alone. She neither wanted nor needed what part of Erin would cry out for. And gently, she squeezed Erin’s hands.
“I was old before I met you, Erin. Goblins. Humans. I will pull us forwards one step, our species, if I can manage it. Half a step, if that is all. Until we can be children together. But I can’t do it alone. You gave a hungry Goblin food. If I’m ever hungry and lost later—can I come here?”
“Always.”
The [Magical Innkeeper]’s eyes shone, and she grabbed Rags’ hands with all the strength in her body. The [Great Chieftain] bared her teeth in a true smile, and Erin’s aura grew larger.
Fire. Those flames that Apista saw around her sometimes—and the Ashfire Bee knew fire—so wondrous and powerful.
It filled the inn and grew from the garden. Such that even the [Princess], the other [Innkeepers], and the guests felt it. They looked up and smiled and suddenly laughed.
From the witch who raised her head and beamed at the ceiling to the nervous Goblins who slowly relaxed and knew their Chieftain would be back shortly. To the giggling, snorting Gnoll girl and the adventurers who nudged each other.
A warm feeling, as if it was inviting them in. The [Princess] threw up her hands, mildly exasperated—
Because she couldn’t top that.
 
——
 
Slowly, a [Baker] glanced up from the table where he had been complaining about everyone and everything and this faulty party. He glanced up and looked around.
“Ah. Now this feels more like it.”
 
——
 
Flame. Rags’ own aura flickered around her, that lonely [Aura of Command]. But—she looked in Erin’s eyes and felt like she was lacking.
She was more than the Goblin who wanted to be a leader. A leader? She gazed around, and it was this inn, if not this exact garden and place, she had always been coming back to.
She took in Erin, and the Goblin reached out, across species and time, and took the [Innkeeper]’s hand.
Goblin and Human, not shaking hands, but holding each other’s hand as if supporting one another. Smiling as flames flickered around them.
—The inn was shaking. Apista felt the tremor under her feelers and wondered just how it felt in the actual inn. But she waited as some of that glorious flame licked off Erin, pure aura and will. Almost, almost…
Then the little bee fanned her wings and ignited her own flames. Like one of Octavia’s pieces of fire flaring off a match head, she caught fire. The flames jetted from little vents in her carapace—but Apista was focusing. Some winked off on one side as her good wing beat frantically.
Focus. Focus. Can we do it? Here we go. Herewego.
The bee had little to do while she was resting and while Lyonette was gone. All she could do was watch the scrying orb. For instance—the Archmage of Izril’s famous lifting of Fissival.
To the little bee, she’d seen something really interesting when Valeterisa did that. And if it worked for a city—
A jet of green-red flame shot out, startling Erin and Rags. They looked over, and Erin’s jaw dropped. Rags took one look over and closed her eyes.
“No. Fightipilota was right?”
A flame was burning upwards, and a tiny little thing, a bee, was corkscrewing madly through the air. She was flying! Apista was internally screaming for joy and sheer panic because she was not in control.
But the first jet-powered bee was using her wing and the flames burning out of her body to propel herself through the air. She buzzed past Erin as the [Innkeeper] gaped up at her.
“Hey. That’s my fire. That’s my fire!”
