9.19
Page 3
New visitors too, like Venaz, staring at the Goblins with undisguised wariness. He twisted in his seat, and Wil put a hand on his shoulder with Merrik as Redscar entered the inn.
With Thunderfur. The Carn Wolf scared every cat in existence into hiding behind Elirr as the [Beast Trainer] eyed the giant wolf with appreciation. Lyonette saw a Lamia poking his head out from behind Elirr’s back and smiled.
Nerry the Sariant Lamb scuttled into Garia’s arms as Numbtongue looked around. And he grinned as a sleepy [Alchemist] poked her head out of her shop and smiled and waved at him. But there was Badarrow and Snapjaw and—
Ishkr. The [Head Server] was everywhere, showing Antinium who to give food to and how to record receipts in the busy inn. Amazingly, he was keeping up with the chaos so far, but one look and Lyonette knew he needed backup.
So—with countless more faces she knew, like grumpy Tekshia banging a claw on the table and demanding cookies, Ceria slyly offering Bird a ‘stone bird wing’ she’d claimed from a Gargoyle’s corpse and getting a hug in return, Lyonette called out.
“We are slightly busy! So I hope you will bear in mind that these are going to be busy days. Please do not disturb any other guests, including the adventurers. The second floor is off-limits. Lastly, do not go into the kitchen for food, no matter how hungry you are. We store jars of acid in there.”
Some of the guests blanched, but the others just laughed. Mrsha was staring at Lyonette, and the [Princess] caught her daughter’s eye. She jerked her head and gave a meaningful nod to Nanette, who was watching Lyonette’s crowd management appreciatively.
Mrsha’s eyes went round, as if she’d forgotten Nanette. She had to be responsible now! She slid out of her seat and went to grab Nanette’s hand, much to Gire’s shock. Grev, the rascal, was just grinning, his feet up on a table as he leaned back in his chair.
The inn was warm with so many bodies and smelled like something wonderfully spicy coming from the kitchens. The Goblins smelled a bit travel-worn, a bit muddy, wet, like clothing got or leather, after being frozen and doused in water, and some were shivering from their long, high-altitude flight. So Lyonette gave orders fast.
“I could use a larger fire and a second fire, Liska. Ishkr, please call out if you’re in trouble, but focus on food for the tables.”
They had no bartender, unfortunately, which meant Ishkr would have to somehow fill mugs as well as deliver food.
…That was what Lyonette thought until a familiar figure paused and tried to duck behind the counter. She thought it was that other [Innkeeper]—until she saw the beetle shell. And the waving silver antennae.
The Antinium polishing the counter clean and filling mugs peeked up at her as he surreptitiously took money and filled a mug of ale. Lyonette glared at Silveran, but it was not Silveran.
Because of the huge, bushy mustache he wore, see? He stroked it as Silverstache, the temporary [Bartender], got to clean up all the horrible messes on the bartop. And yes, it was a silver mustache on his face.
Lyonette just sighed, but all hands were needed, and more were in fact wanted. So she clapped her hands.
