9.19
Page 38
They were certainly a bit too numerous to fit the garden; a thousand greedy mouths gaped up at Erin as the fish begged for food or just wondered what had disturbed their peaceful utopia again. Rags eyed them.
“Nice. Free food.”
“You think that, but they don’t taste that good. Plus, I feel bad about harvesting them. They are everywhere, though. I think they eat each other. Not everything here is…perfect. Especially after the owners die.”
“Sounds fitting. If the owners die, this is no longer a sanctuary. Anything special in here?”
“No…just some poetry in another language. Kevin thinks it might be Japanese, but what does he know? He was in here with his computer, trying to translate it before we left. Oh—that reminds me, you should see our computer and stuff!”
“Mm. He promised to show it to me too.”
Erin chuckled as Rags stopped to admire some of the trees, including the one shedding pale green petals.
“That Kevin. He gets around everywhere. He’s pretty good at that.”
“Not as good as you. But close.”
Erin didn’t know what to say to that. She let go of Rags’ hand so the Goblin could get on her hands and knees and peer at the flowers growing around here. Apista crawled down, and Erin held her out so she could suck up nectar.
“Sorry, Apista. We really haven’t been nice to you. I’ll make it up to you, I promise. And we’ll get you flying around, somehow. I swear.”
Erin had asked if the Antinium’s restorative gel would work on Apista, and Pawn had told her flat out that Apista was an insect. Antinium had developed their biology to the point where they could teach it to regenerate—the gel would be useless for Apista as well as anyone else.
Erin could have sworn the tiny bee gave her a salute with her antennae. Erin cuddled the bee gently. And to think she’d once been weirded out by Lyonette’s pet.
The restful garden was the favorite of the two doors that Erin had explored remotely thoroughly. Which wasn’t saying much. Rags glanced at Erin.
“This place is nice. Where next?”
“Oh—well, I haven’t checked out the other ones. Shall we try one more?”
Apista tensed a bit, but Rags just nodded.
“How? Do you know a good one?”
“Nah, nah. Watch this. There’s a trick to it. When I first discovered the garden—I asked this place for something exciting. Well…I can ask for a door.”
Erin closed her eyes and thought for a second. Then she cracked an eye open.
“…What should I ask for?”
Rags slapped her face. She thought and narrowed her eyes.
“How about—the most dangerous garden? So you can see which is bad.”
“Oh! Good idea! Er—can you hold Apista? Just in case. Give me the most dangerous garden! Stand back—I’m safe, you’re not.”
“As far as she knows.”
Rags warily put Apista on her shoulder as the bee nodded. She drew a sword and waited as Erin closed her eyes.
A door appeared in front of her, and Erin recognized it. She hesitated—but then she inspected the door. It was shaped oddly oval-like, a different style of architecture. The ‘knob’ was completely changed; it looked like a handle in the center that you pulled the door open with.
Strange. What species would use that? Erin had seen this door before, and she knew what lay inside. Warily, she eyed the writing on top of the door, which had a very jagged look.
“What species writes like this, Rags?”
The Goblin peered at the words and shrugged.
“Not Drake, Gnoll, or Human. Another species?”
“Hmm. Could be anyone. Okay—stand back. And, uh, maybe put that sword down.”
The Goblin frowned at Erin.
“Why?”
