9.19
Page 19
The [Innkeeper] was beginning to despair about everything, and Rags was petering off her summary of the choke-points and kill-zones she’d set up to defend her colony. She muttered.
“It’s fine. Goblins are Goblins. Silly creatures. Even when they’re fed and no one is attacking, they get into trouble. Like Poisonbite. And her relationships.”
“Hm? What’s wrong with Poisonbite?”
Rags had to explain that Poisonbite, one of the leaders of the mostly-female Goblin forces, often had an off-and-on relationship with a Hobgoblin under her command. Which then led into all kinds of Mountain City Goblin interpersonal drama, grudges, affairs…
It sounded dreadfully Human to Erin. Rags was apparently called in when the issues got so bad they were on the verge of provoking mass brawls, and her growing scowl indicated how she felt about her time being used that way. And despite herself, Erin couldn’t help but venture a tiny, sarcastic comment.
“Oh man. If Goblins can’t escape relationship drama, who can? That was just like yesterday when I had to talk about—”
She hesitated, guiltily, because that was private.
“—stuff in relationships. I hate it. I would rather eat a handful of grass. Two handfuls! And dirt!”
Erin stopped herself because she was venting the guilt and unhappiness she’d felt about hurting Numbtongue like that. And she was sure Rags didn’t want to hear about it. But to her surprise, the shorter Goblin snorted in amusement.
“You have love troubles, too? I would have thought you had easier times. I thought you were dating the Titan of Baleros.”
“Who said that? I’ll slap ‘em with a pan!”
Erin sat up with a yelp. Rags just shrugged.
“Rumors. So. Do people come up to you and try to get you to have sex with them? Ask to hold hands? Be…girl-Human and boy-Human?”
She flapped her claws at Erin, urbanely amused. Erin flushed, but she was in it now.
“No, but not for want of trying. I have the Titan in one corner, and, um—someone just sorta confessed to me, but it didn’t work out. And it hadn’t worked out, so I—I don’t think I handled it well.”
“Ah, Numbtongue.”
Erin bit her lip. Rags just peered back at the inn. She nodded to herself.
“I’m right. I can sense sad Goblins. I am a [Chieftain].”
“Oh no. Is he broken up about it? This is like Altestiel all over again.”
Now, Rags was counting.
“Three…any more?”
“No! And it’s three too many! People were already making rumors that I was engaged to Ilvriss!”
“That’s four. Let’s see. [Earl], famous [Strategist], Wall Lord. Numbtongue is the worst one. Only a [Bard].”
Erin glared at Rags. The Goblin seemed to find this hilarious. Erin didn’t find it amusing. At all. The snap in her tone made Rags go quiet, as did the flash in Erin’s eyes.
“It’s not funny! I keep hurting them. It’s not right of me. It’s not fair—and I know that. I want to find love, but I’m—I’m not able to. Even though I died. I realized I didn’t want to die without trying, but I’m…such a failure.”
She was whispering by the end, and another piece of her heart felt like it was out of place. As if she was on the wrong track, going the wrong way, with no idea how to right things. Let alone between her and Numbtongue.
Then Erin felt bad for flaring up at Rags. She thought of Olesm and Niers and—and wondered why she was so terrible.
To her surprise, the Great Chieftain of the Flooded Waters tribe didn’t take offense. Her eyes widened, and she sat back as her armor crushed the soft grass and a Faerie Flower. Rags gazed at Erin and then spoke, sounding surprised and hesitant.
