9.19
Page 23
“I don’t want these things. I never have. It’s just curious to me. Curious. Silly. If you want to find someone, Erin. Good for you. But I just want to be left alone. I wanted to come here and find you. I wanted to thank you, and I wanted to talk and sit here and not be a Chieftain for a while. But I will be a Chieftain. I like you, Erin. More than any person in this world, living or dead. But I want my bed to be empty.”
Her teeth flashed, and the little Goblin stood there, arms folded, glaring into a world filled with disgusting beds and nosy people. Erin Solstice looked at her friend, Rags, and then she giggled. She laughed as Rags scowled harder.
“I mean it. They’re my sheets. They’re silk and furs. They’re my sheets, and they get dirty. It’s a Chieftain’s bed. Stop laughing.”
But Erin did. She giggled and threw back her head and laughed, and eventually, Rags chuckled herself. Then, when they looked again, Erin saw no more stranger in Rags.
She just saw an incredibly picky little Goblin getting hilariously mad at attractive Goblins flirting with her from between the sheets. And Rags? She saw a person, lonely and silly and grand—
But not the [Innkeeper] who towered over her, mysterious and kind—but just a memory. Slowly, Rags reached down, and Erin felt a claw ruffle her hair.
Blinking, wide-eyed, Erin saw and felt the Goblin rub at her hair, then pat Erin on the head. Rags stood, triumphantly, over the sitting [Innkeeper]. She turned and spoke out of the corner of her mouth.
“I wanted to be taller than you, too. This is fine. I hated it when you patted me on the head.”
Erin blinked. She eyed Rags’ styled hair and hesitated.
“Is that an invitation to do it again for old time’s sake?”
She reached a hand up, and Rags slapped it down.
“No.”
Then they were laughing, and Erin was getting a feel for the Goblin that she had known and not known for ages. They had already shared a secret that both were too nervous to talk about to anyone else. So—Erin eventually got up.
“Hey, Rags.”
“Hmm?”
“Wanna see my secret gardens?”
The Goblin glanced up, and she grinned in that familiar way. When she sprang to her feet, Erin thought that this felt right.
 
——
 
New friendships could be disastrous. Old friendships rekindled could burst into a flaming fireball if things didn’t work right.
They were unpredictable, and not always because there wasn’t willingness. Sometimes it was about the circumstances. The outsiders, the secrets, the pasts—
The jealousy.
The Wandering Inn was experiencing one of those booms in guests coming through. If it wasn’t actually partying, the sight of half of Pallass’ top [Merchants] and [Traders] coming through the doors was enough to grab anyone’s attention. In fact, Lyonette had gone back to an old habit—begging the [Mages] to charge the door. Then she had to shell out coins to pay [Mages] to charge the door up via the system Liscor had figured out.
Spend money to make money, one supposed. Not that Mrsha supposed a lot. She patted a wall, proudly, as Nanette and Gireulashia, behind her, stared at it.
“What’s behind this? What’s behind this innocent wall?”
The Gnoll girl held up a card. Nanette hmmed. It took her a few seconds to see the ventilation slits of the secret, inner rooms, and Gire interrupted Mrsha.
“They’re hidden rooms. You can see where someone blocked off the walls. There and there. And you can smell something from inside. Obviously. See the vents?”
Mrsha’s ears flattened a bit as Gire folded her arms and gave Nanette an arch look. For her part, the girl shyly ducked her head.
“Is that true, Mrsha?”
