9.19
Page 0

[Andrew Rowe has come out with Book 4 in his series, Arcane Ascension! Silence of the Unworthy Gods (great title, we’re on the same page), is out now! Check out the book and series here!]
 
In Baleros, there is a [Doctor].
Her name is Geneva Scala, and she needs to be found. She is waiting, waiting…a ‘guest’ of the Minds of Selphids. Few people know this, and even if they do, who can find her, much less bring her back?
The Minds have her. And whichever Minds they are—they are both secluded and guarded by an army.
The Titan of Baleros had lots of maps. And he had found at least one group of Minds before. As for an army? He had a few. Now, the trick was sneaking up on a telepathic group of super-brains, or at least, cornering them.
Find, locate, extract—and the prize would be meeting the Last Light of Baleros, a woman from another world. Earth.
The Titan mulled over his maps as he sipped a mug of coffee, which he was probably already addicted to. And he had one, crucial thought.
Damn the [Doctor].
The reason why he had a cup of coffee was not because Oteslia’s new product had spread to Baleros—ironically, the species of plant that made coffee was endemic to Baleros anyways.
The reason was because the Titan of Baleros kept tabs on things, so he had heard about the drink. But he was mainly drinking it because…
The Wandering Inn was selling coffee. At a huge markup. The Titan of Baleros happened—just happened to know this, because next to his maps and notes about the offensive against The Dyed Lands, finding Geneva Scala, and pushing back Jungle Tails was a scrying orb.
One of four. But this one just happened to be a feed of The Wandering Inn’s common room. And he was, right now, watching as a flood of Goblins, Antinium, adventurers, and interesting people poured into the inn in what would be a three-day mega party.
And he had just seen Erin Solstice return from her vacation with what he swore was a flaming hat. How Niers wished he could be there.
He had heard, down the grapevine, that The Wandering Inn had famous parties. And an Antinium army would be returning to the city as well as even more fun guests in the next few days.
The Titan was piqued. He hesitated, scribbled in a little Fraerling-sized scroll, then tried to stop. But he couldn’t. So he kept compounding his problem, but…the [Message] scroll read something like this.
 
Niers: Heard about the river incident. Anything interesting happen with your [Emperor]?
Niers: Peki’s at the battlefield. Not my fault.
Niers: Thoughts on the Crusade? Have you met Xrn?
Niers: Nice hat.
 
He told himself that four was too many. Which was why six messages since Erin’s last comment was, uh…he was fiddling with a quill when someone passed by his table littered with tools at breakfast.
Foliana was used to Niers in work-mode. But she definitely noticed the non-war-related paraphernalia at the table. Niers tried to hide the scroll behind his back, and the squirrel just shuffled around him.
She looked up at Niers as he opened and closed his mouth. Then Foliana killed him. She leaned forwards, and her huge squirrel-face contorted into a terrible glee and, worse, sympathy for him as the Fraerling looked at her in horror.
“Lame.”
She left Niers skewered on the table and hopped off. The Titan slowly rolled up the [Message] scroll and went back to plotting to kill people. Possibly with more vengeance than before. But he didn’t miss the inn’s commotion. He couldn’t see the ‘private’ elements, of course, but he was watching.
