9.19
Page 39
For answer—Erin swung the most ‘dangerous’ garden open. She wondered what the criteria was, but she had a feeling she knew at least one reason why this one might be, uh—deadly.
The first thing Rags saw, or rather, didn’t see, was the flash. Then a howl of rain that made Apista flinch. A bolt of lightning touched down mere feet from where Erin and Rags stood, and the garden with the hill covered in strange pieces of metal and lightning crashing down was in front of them. A vast tree was the only thing in the distance, aside from blowing rain, mud and water and the flashing lightning.
That was all Erin saw. Water spilled into the koi garden, a deluge. There must have been drainage because not everything was flooded—but even so, the storm was in full tempest.
Bolts of lightning kept falling. Not with the full force of a true storm in the skies, but still alarmingly loud and deadly. Apista took one look at the thunder and tried to crawl into Rags’ armor.
No thank you!
“Hold on! I’m going to try and turn the storm off!”
“What?”
Rags shouted back, but Erin was calling to the garden. To her amazement—the rain lessened. The skies stopped flashing, and soon it was barely dripping. Erin stared into the drenched garden, as amazed as Rags.
“Wow. I guess I do have authority over this place. Well—give me a second. I’m going to look around.”
“I’m coming.”
“But what if you get hurt? The key’s mine.”
“And I can’t follow you if the door closes. Come on.”
Rags stepped forwards boldly, and Erin hurried through ahead of the Goblin. They found themselves in the wettest, muddiest bog that Erin could have imagined.
But that was because of the endless rainstorm. Even with it gone, Erin smelled…the most muddy, destroyed ground ever.
She wondered how long it had rained. That the garden had kept any shape at all was probably because there was nowhere else for the rain to deposit the silt and dirt.
…But this was certainly not how the garden had looked. Erin stood on a relatively flat plain, mud sloshing around her shoes, with a single hill. Now she could see more than a foot in front of her, she realized the tree had more of those odd spikes of metal sticking out of the ground.
Lightning rods for the lightning—but the tree that should have been even more of a magnet, tall as it was, was no tree that Erin had ever seen before.
It was crystalline. In the shape of a tree, glowing with inner light. In fact—Erin realized that it was the catalyst for the storm. She grabbed Rags’ arm and pointed to the translucent interior.
“Look! It’s lightning inside the tree! It’s electric!”
“Magicore, maybe. That’s dangerous.”
Rags had stowed her sword, and she and Erin both felt the charge in the air. Erin’s own [Dangersense] tingled as she looked at the tree.
“Best guess is that the tree’s charged like a power outlet. One touch and you could go boom. Uh—I can see why this is the most dangerous garden.”
Rags nodded. But she almost looked disappointed as she stared around the rest of the garden. They were all huge, but this one was just a flat plain. Mud had indeed destroyed all gradients aside from the hill, and Erin realized that the hill had only survived because the ‘tree’ had crystal roots that held up the hill. Some were exposed by the deluge.
“Darn. I guess some gardens really get ruined if you leave the weather on. Which I did not know I could do, by the by. I’ve got this really cool light trick I can do in my garden. Um…ew. It’s so muddy.”
Erin sloshed a few steps around as Rags peered forwards.
