9.19
Page 31
The two began sliding down the [Icy Floor] spell that Ceria had cast. Mrsha’s eyes went round. She tried to stow her wand, fell flat on her back, and then she was going faster, faster—
“Miss Mrsha!”
Ser Dalimont ran down the hill as the Gnoll went careening down the first hill, over the slick ramp of ice. Heads turned as Ceria, laughing, went skating down the ice.
“Whoa! Mrsha! Are you okay?”
The smaller Gnoll went streaking down the hill, and the momentum carried her up a smaller hill. And the slippery ice launched a flailing little Gnoll up into the air.
Mrsha landed on her back on the grass with a whumph that forced all the air out of her lungs. She stared at the sky, wide-eyed, as Ser Dalimont nearly slipped and went crashing down himself. Then she got up and, laughing, leapt down the ice.
“Icy floor? Ceria, what are you doing?”
Yvlon tested the ice with one foot. It was far, far slicker than she thought. Not like Ceria’s regular ice, but slick, that stage between solid ice and meltwater. In fact, it refused to give even a bit of traction, and Yvlon slipped, cursing.
Pisces had begun laughing when he saw Mrsha’s expression, but he doubled over as Yvlon went down on her back. The [Armsmistress] skidded down the hill as Ceria, windmilling her arms, came to a halt.
“It’s all hills and valleys! Well, I suppose this is training. Pisces! Do you get it?”
He did. The [Necromancer] felt a pang in his heart, but he was smiling. He shouted one word down to Ceria.
“Illphres!”
The [Cryomancer]’s smile was his reward. Yes, just like she’d tried against the Bloodtear Pirates in Savere—she tried to do a run-up on the ice and nearly slipped. Windmilling her arms, the half-Elf cursed, grabbed at her head, and righted herself.
“If I can skate—I can move as fast as Ksmvr. If I can skate! I don’t know how Illphres did it!”
“Ceria! Warn me next time! Mrsha, are you okay?”
Yvlon had hurt herself more than Mrsha. She got up just as the Gnoll did a cannonball onto the icy ramp. Ceria was casting her spell wider, and Mrsha slid past Yvlon.
Now this was what she’d been waiting for! Mrsha got up on all fours, instead of her two legs like normal. She scampered forwards and began sliding. Then she tried to run on the ice and barely got anywhere.
It was so silly that Pisces kept snorting as he tested the ice himself. But it reminded Mrsha of the Horn’s finest hour.
Not killing Crelers—but sliding on waxed floors at night. Yvlon herself got up, tested the ground, and eyed Ceria’s sneakers.
“So that’s why you took off your boots. Do you even know how to skate, Ceria?”
The half-Elf made a face at Yvlon.
“My village didn’t do it during the winter. ‘Too dangerous’, they said. My grandmother told me she used to skate now and then, but no. Illphres made me do it a bit, but I never picked up her style.”
“Ah. Well—you could wear ice skates.”
“What?”
Ceria had never actually heard of the metal blades you could put on your feet. But Yvlon had.
“House Byres looks wonderful in the winter. The lake near our keep freezes over. Although…I don’t think you can walk around with skates on.”
“Another thing this world already has. Cross it off the list, Joseph!”
Someone called out. Kevin was standing on the edge of Ceria’s skating rink, delighted. He tried a few steps and slid on his shoes. Then he wiped out.
“My hip! Whoa, this is slippery!”
Ceria came to a stop again and nearly face-planted as she realized halting was just as hard. She grinned at Kevin.
