9.19
Page 16
The [Innkeeper] stared down at her chest. That scared her. Not just the paralysis or the dreams of dying, but when her family looked at her as if she were made of glass and she thought of who she had been and—wondered if she could ever be that person again. If she had lost a piece of herself, perhaps, as if the crossbow bolts had broken off a piece of who she was and she’d lost it even when they put her back together.
She said this to Rags and felt like she was unloading an ocean as heavy as the one that had poured out of Nanette’s hat. Too quick. This wasn’t how she wanted to do this.
“Rags. I’m sorry. You came back to see me, and I’m just blabbing on. Let’s try again. Let me get you a plate of spaghetti, and—”
Erin began to try to heave herself up, but her arms shook. To her surprise, Rags grabbed at her arm. The Goblin peered at Erin and then gently tugged her down.
That was all it took for Erin to collapse onto her back. Rags noticed Erin’s weakness and let go at once. She seemed ashamed, and Erin played it off.
“I’m as weak as a baby. You could kick my butt right now, if you wanted. I bet that’s what you wanted to do to the old Erin. Even if you thanked her—beat her up for being so weird, huh? So silly?”
“Nah.”
Rags uncrossed her legs and copied Erin. She stared at the hill, as if trying to remember, now, the lines of a script.
“Let me think. I was going to thank you. Then I would sit down, and you would give me a…a hug. Probably. Then a plate of spaghetti and blue juice. Then I would challenge you to chess. And win. Or surprise you.”
“Really? We can do that.”
Erin almost laughed at the idea, but Rags just shook her head.
“It’s only a thought. It would never happen like that. The Goblin—that Rags is long gone.”
The young woman pulled herself up urgently. She propped herself up on one arm and turned to Rags. She looked over the Goblin, and yes, she was taller, but not by much! She had not changed markedly in one year, and neither had Erin. Physically, at least?
“What happened to her? No she’s not. I’m looking at her.”
She was lying. Rags gazed at Erin, and the young woman tried to connect this to the Goblin with almost no hair, wearing practically nothing but filthy rags, scared of everyone, buoyed up only by courage and her wits.
Rags, now, was clothed. The starving ‘monster’ had been wearing clothes because she was cold. If Rags tossed all her clothes to the winds now, she’d be naked.
…That was a bad analogy, but it was the difference in how she held herself. The eyes. Erin had seen those eyes when Olesm came back. They were the same kind of eyes that Maviola El had, that she imagined Niers had. Someone who had commanded and failed and watched people die.
But crucially—the eyes of someone who would do it again. When Rags looked around, it was too knowingly.
A child salivated over a plate of spaghetti. This Rags would pick up a knife and fork and look for seasonings or check if anyone else was eating.
She had become an adult so fast that Erin understood, bitterly, how Goblins aged.
As for Rags?
She saw the same face, but more worn. Not by time, but by struggle. Erin’s cheeks flushed too quick, and she panted, weakly, if she exerted herself. It was all over her. Not that Rags had seen her collapse, but the knowledge that she might. The sudden, painful frailty of someone who had felt their body betray them completely.
And Erin was only one year older. She had seen so many friends die—the wonder that shone through and her determination, however clumsy, was changed to something else.
