9.19
Page 44
“Remember when Relc hated you? I kicked you out of the inn right after the Goblin attacks or…or something, remember? You had that big Goblin with you, Garen? And I asked you to go? That was the last time I saw you until the siege at Liscor.”
“I remember. It’s fine. You did what you thought you needed to. Goblins did attack and kill people. Garen killed his team. Even Goblins didn’t forgive him. Even his tribe.”
Rags squatted there, and she saw Erin shake her head guiltily.
“Thanks for saying that. It’s just—I haven’t done enough for Goblins. I even got a Skill. [Natural Allies]. But—I don’t feel like a friend to Goblins. Not all the time.”
Rags gave Erin the blankest look in creation. If she didn’t feel like a Goblinfriend, who did?
She spoke after a second.
“Do you know Gna?”
“Who? Oh—the [Sergeant] who came with Numbtongue and the others, right? She’s with the army now. She helped. What about her?”
“Hmm. Badarrow told me about her. Do you know her class?”
Erin hadn’t met Gna personally, but her class was unforgettable. She grinned.
“[Bug Captain Goblinfriend] or something like that?”
Rags grinned.
“Yep. She got that class, and I think it’s funny. But she got that class, and Badarrow told me she didn’t like Goblins that much. Even at the end, she was wary. But she got that class because even marching with Goblins was enough to be a friend. You? You’re the only ally Goblins have.”
The praise might have fallen upon deaf ears. Erin just shook her head.
“But here I am, treating you like a kid. Sorry.”
“It’s not a problem.”
Now Rags felt annoyed that Erin was taking it so personally, and she glanced at Erin.
“I know I’m small. I know I’m young. I shouldn’t snap at you. You have kids like Mrsha. Who is a child. A spoiled one.”
Erin snorted and hoped Rags wouldn’t say that to Mrsha or Lyonette’s faces. She was sort of…a savage, verbally! Not in any other way. But she shook her head.
“No, I know you’re not a child like that, Rags. I know you’re a [Great Chieftain]—Badarrow told me of everything you’ve done and what you mean to the tribe. It’s just…”
She looked wistfully upwards as Apista began to smoke. Rags and Erin glanced at her in alarm, but the bee just ignited and then turned off the flames. She must have been pleased—she was staring around the windy garden, and Erin’s heart went out to her.
Like Rags, actually. The Goblin glanced at Erin.
“Say it.”
“You’re gonna be mad.”
“I’m not. Say it.”
“Promise you won’t get mad? It’s just—I had a dream, too, about you. But it’s sillier than you wanting to thank me. Promise?”
Rags just raised her brows, turning to face Erin. The [Innkeeper] ducked her head. She eyed Rags and then confessed.
“I…I had this idea, Rags. Whenever you came back. Whenever I got my inn in order. You’d be grumpy, and I’d cheer you up. And then I’d feed you, and, um…giveyouapiggybackride.”
“What was that last part?”
“Give you a ride. On my back.”
Rags gave Erin a blank look. It grew blanker as Erin explained. Rags had seen little Goblins riding on older Goblins’ backs, but seldom for fun.
“You wanted to give me a ride?”
“Horseback ride. That’s where you’re super high up. Legs around my shoulders. I thought you’d laugh and—and you can stop looking at me like that!”
Erin defended herself, blushing. It didn’t work anymore, not with the Goblin giving her the long look.
Rags could have snapped at Erin, but she knew the [Innkeeper] felt guilty. If anything? She was curious.
“Why? In what scenario of knowing me did you think I’d enjoy that? Pebblesnatch would have enjoyed that.”
