9.19
Page 8
And Erin was not here! Good! Lyonette was going to do this on her own. Besides, Erin needed rest and to speak to her friend. So the [Princess] turned, desperately, back to the group.
“What if we also involved the Silverfang Gnolls? Krshia?”
Krshia had elected to stay to help this part of the festivities and to let Liscor’s Council to weigh in. But at the mention of the Silverfang contingent in Liscor, she frowned.
“How do you mean, involve the Silverfangs, Lyonette? We do not have a surplus of goods nor do we have the time to prepare as if this were the Meeting of Tribes.”
The [Princess] shook her head.
“I know that. But—Gnolls are one of the most famous species after the Meeting of Tribes. Could we—could we bring some of that here? Wait a second. What about Liscor Hunted?”
She turned to Menolit. He raised his brows.
“What about it?”
“What if—we asked Gnolls to take people out to build fires, set up tents, and live like Gnolls? Show them what the lifestyle is like?”
That could tie up thousands if they had enough [Hunters] and such. Lyonette thought the idea had merit—right until Krshia snorted.
“No.”
“No?”
Lyonette turned to her, and the [Shopkeeper] shook her head. She gave Lyonette a firm stare.
“My tribe is in mourning still. We may participate, but we are not going to ‘show’ visitors our lives. Not in the Floodplains. Not Drakes. Nor even Humans, not right now.”
The [Princess]’ face fell. She needed ideas! To her relief, Selys suggested one, glancing at Pawn.
“Well, if nothing else—what if we have a contest?”
“A contest?”
The [Heiress] nodded as everyone turned to her.
“Drakes love contests. Humans too. Dead gods, we have a lot of crafters and visitors to Liscor too. Remember the Yoldenites are here?”
“How can I not? They were singing all last night.”
Krshia grumbled; the Yoldenites were living it up in Liscor. Selys smiled playfully.
“Well—they make amazing helmets. Could we have a contest to make helmets?”
Like Riverfarm’s hat contest with the [Witches]. Lyonette had never seen who won, but the idea sparked more in her head, and she blurted out.
“Songs. Anthems. Helmets. Paint!”
Everyone looked at her as if she had gone crazy, but Lyonette was already motioning to Sest to write up a plan.
“That’s brilliant, Selys. Calanfer often had contests where [Bards] would compose poems, and the winning one would win a prize. What about—a contest for Liscor’s anthem? Helmet-making lessons. I’m sure the Yoldenites would oblige. And we could paint, um, the Antinium’s colors. Hang them up on pretty pieces of paper or kites. Something like that.”
“What’s the prize?”
“Gold. Or—a Yoldenite-made helmet. A bit of gemstone for other contests? Numbtongue has a few rubies lying about. He might oblige!”
“He does? Who has rubies lying around?”
Menolit was struggling to grasp the idea, but he liked it. And yet—contests would not an entire event make. Lyonette knew it full well. She just had to hope the Earthers came through. The Wandering Inn was full of fantastic guests.
Surely one would get up to something amusing? She kept brainstorming as, outside, Kevin, Imani, and Joseph tromped out onto the grass, followed by a small crowd of interested people.
 
——
 
There were Goblins from Goblinhome among the guests. Including Poisonbite, and the Goblin immediately found Kevin and showed him a skateboard they’d made.
“Oh, cool. Hey, Poisonbite. How’s it going?”
Joseph eyed the Goblins as Kevin fist-bumped everyone he knew. Which was everyone. Meanwhile, Joseph was throwing his hands up.
