9.19
Page 42
Rags eyed her plain sword enchanted with a bit of sharpness and durability. Then at the mithril blade from a bygone era. She raised her brows.
“I will take it. If you want?”
The [Innkeeper] smiled down at Rags.
“I don’t wanna give anything in the gardens to just anyone. Like that Dullahan [General]’s stuff. So keep this private. But if it’s you, Rags—yeah.”
“Thank you.”
The [Chieftain] looked up, and Erin waved a hand awkwardly. She reached down and grabbed Rags’ muddy glove. This time, the Chieftain let her do it.
“Come on, we’ve got baths—but I wonder. Hey, is there a garden where we can clean up? And don’t do the snowy one. I’m already cold.”
She trudged over to another door as it appeared and then reached out. Erin eyed the strangest door yet that looked like a square…hatch? She reached out, nudged the handle—and the door fell over.
Whumph. Erin jumped, and she and Rags stared as her door fell flat. Erin’s mouth worked.
“What the—”
“Are they supposed to do that?”
“No! Did I break it?”
Anxiously, Erin bent over the door and pulled. Her face turned red, and she tried to use both hands. Rags bent down and heaved—and the heavy hatch came up. Erin and Rags looked down, and Apista began lightly smacking Erin with her good legs.
You. Have. Terrible. Gardens.
She backed up and began crawling for safety. After all—Erin and Rags were staring down, down through the wood of an ancient ship’s hold—
Straight into a garden flooded by water. Erin gazed down at the surprisingly bright depths and saw a sandbar just below her and, further down, illuminated by bright coral and even lights, a home untouched by more than the fish swimming around—
“Oh wow. A Drowned Folk garden!”
Rags whistled. Now she understood why the hatch looked like that. What if this had been in a ship? You’d open it and leap into the depths. The water was so close to the hatch that Erin could actually reach down and splash some on her muddy clothing. She splashed some in her mouth as she washed her head and instantly spat it out.
“Peh! Peh! Aw man. It’s saltwater.”
“Mhm. Plus lots of fish. Probably been pooing and dying in there for hundreds of years.”
Erin gagged. She ran back to her first garden and splashed around in the pond as Rags backed away.
Yet another garden that was, for now, unexplorable. Rags took off her armor so she could let it dry, and Erin saw she was dressed in a casual set of clothing underneath. She splashed at Rags.
“Hey! Look who’s lightening up! After this, let me give you some cake and ice cream, huh? And that spaghetti and blue fruit juice!”
Rags thought about it and shrugged. She frowned at Erin, then scowled. Something was again off about the way Erin was talking now.
“Cake and ice cream? I’m not a child. Or Ulvama.”
She had seen how Mrsha was treated, and she had a feeling Erin’s hand-holding was more than trying to keep her safe. Erin ducked her head.
“No, I know that. But you’re young!”
Rags folded her arms. She eyed Erin—then kicked a huge splash of water all over the [Innkeeper].
“Rags! How dare you! I’ll—”
“Do what? I’m a child. Right? Don’t treat me like one. Garen did. So did Tremborag. I’m tired of it. I am a [Great Chieftain], Erin. Even if we’re friends, I don’t like it.”
She looked Erin in the eyes, and the [Innkeeper]’s face fell.
“Oh. Okay. I got it. I didn’t mean to offend you.”
Rags sighed. There was something strange about Erin. She treated Antinium like people. She had treated her skeleton like a lamp. And Rags?
