9.19
Page 18
“If you don’t like them, I will take any back. If the [Thief] steals—it’s not hard. It’s an experiment. I can send good Goblins, but I need most.”
“No, I think it’ll be worth trying.”
Rags shrugged.
“Just send back the ones who don’t work. Silly Goblins are easy to deal with. All cause problems. Even my best ones.”
She heaved a huge sigh, and Erin tried to remember the Goblins she’d passed by.
“Badarrow wasn’t here long, but he told me there are a few who, um, work right under you. Calescent—wait, that’s the [Chef]? Poisonbite, Redscar, Taganchiel…is Ulvama part of your tribe?”
“Eh. Maybe. She would be useful, but I don’t like her.”
“Really? She’s not that bad…”
The Goblin [Great Chieftain] gave Erin another look that was a mix of annoyance and patience. Erin hesitated and amended her statement.
“Okay, she’s a bit of a lazy pest. But Mrsha says she’s actually nice, and she went to save Mrsha. That’s something.”
“More than I ever saw.”
Rags grudgingly admitted. She sighed and brushed at her tufts of hair with a claw.
“Maybe I’ll take her back. Badarrow is my lieutenant, too. Snapjaw as well. All of them have problems. That’s my concern. How about you? Does your inn need guards? Is Numbtongue doing well?”
“Numbtongue? Great. He’s, uh…”
Erin was going to say, ‘indiscriminately cuddling’, but it felt too childish. And after her conversation with him last night—she lowered her head. Rags noticed and changed the subject again.
“So. You were at Riverfarm. Are the Goblins well?”
Again, Erin started, but Rags seemed to have sources of intelligence that at least matched Selys. Erin nodded.
“Yeah, they were good. I met this [Emperor]…he says he has a history with your tribe, actually. But he seemed to be treating the Goblins under his rule well. They didn’t even want to come back with me.”
“Nor me. Good. If they were unhappy, they’d leave. So—a good vacation?”
Rags said the word as if she had no real idea what it meant, and Erin nodded.
“Oh, yeah. I met a friend, and I brought back this young witch—former witch—to stay at the inn. I’ll introduce you to her. Her name’s Nanette, and I met a bunch of [Witches] and refined my craft. Oh! We even summoned a River Elemental and nearly flooded everything, but then we found a Law Elemental, and that was wild.”
The [Chieftain] nodded along, listening. But she only broke in near the end.
“Mhm. What is a Law Elemental? River Elementals? Tell me about them.”
She was far more interested in the Elementals as a subject than Riverfarm. Erin gave Rags a brief recount of her time in Riverfarm and trip back. All the while, she was conscious of how painfully stilted their conversation was.
“How’s Goblinhome, Rags?”
“Oh. Well. We had a goat attack and Gargoyles. So we are building more defenses. Most went down the High Passes, but we are tunneling. Like Antinium, but slower. Sorry. Goblinhome looks like this. First, we inhabited a large cave at the end of a plateau in the mountains. Then we built it out with wood. We had a rampart, like a Terandrian castle, but we decided to make it almost completely indoors. No aerial defenses except in cover, because Wyverns would try to steal Goblins, and Eater Goats attack everything. So now it looks like this. If the original caves are here, we dug out here, here, and began adding wooden exteriors which we covered…”
The more Rags talked, the stranger it became. She was so…neat with how she laid out things. She gestured, tried to give Erin a complete picture of what she was talking about—and Erin had never known Rags thought like that.
