9.19
Page 13
And here they were, talking about flowers. Erin’s silly mouth spoke on.
“I got ‘em from faeries. Do you remember the faeries?”
“Winter Sprites? They don’t bother Goblins.”
“No, I guess not. Ryoka says something’s up with them. They’re actually faeries from another world.”
At this, Rags stopped and gave Erin the strangest look in the world.
“Really?”
“Yep. Faerie-people from another world. You’d have to ask Ryoka more, though. She had one as a friend. Ivolethe. She’s…well. Ryoka’s alive. And this is my garden. My [Garden of Sanctuary]. It’s my best Skill, that I got at Level 40. I mean, [Immortal Moment] is cool and I have a few other ones like my fire Skill, but this is really great. And I have more gardens, like I said!”
“Hmm. I know.”
“You do?”
Rags bared her teeth in a grin as she looked around and inhaled the faint smell of mushrooms and damp earth in the soil where that circle of mushrooms sprang up in a faerie ring. She bent down to pick one and stopped.
“I saw it on the scrying orb. The snowy garden. And I know about Ryoka. She’s not dead. I saw her fly.”
Erin realized Rags knew more of her than she did about Rags. She felt…Erin flapped her hands at Rags hurriedly.
“Go ahead and pick a mushroom if you want! I’ve never tried eating one. Anything you want! And look! My [Garden of Sanctuary] opens anywhere in my inn! It’s super convenient to get around and sneak up on people. See?”
She demonstrated, opening a door straight into the kitchen. A Goblin [Chef] was tasting a mana candy surreptitiously. He turned, spotted them, and screamed.
“Whaaah!”
“Aaah! Who was that?”
Erin slammed the door shut, then turned to Rags. And the little [Chieftain] was grinning. She pointed back to the empty wall.
“Calescent. My best [Chef]. You wanted one, so he kept annoying me until I told him he could come. I sent more Goblins. As helpers.”
“You did? Oh—thank you!”
Erin put a hand over her chest and felt bad about scaring him. Then she frowned.
“Have you…didn’t I meet him before?”
“When you woke up. He’s a [Spice Chef]. A very good fighter. Very dangerous.”
“With a cleaver or something?”
The Goblin snorted.
“Nope. Throws spice in people’s faces and blinds them. Even Gold-rank adventurers fall for it.”
Erin put a hand over her mouth, then laughed.
“I did the same thing with a bowl of soup one time! No, wait, it was curry. I bet you he and I will get along great! Are you sure it’s okay? Thank you, I mean! I felt bad about making the request.”
Rags brushed at her shoulder as if dismissing Erin’s concern.
“It’s fine. Everyone likes your inn. Not everyone wanted to go. Calescent likes to cook. Just stay away from Redscar. And all the Goblins who fly.”
“Why? Are they…mad at me? For what I did?”
The first real question entered the conversation five minutes in. Rags glanced up, and Erin saw the little Goblin studying her face. But Rags just shook her head again.
“No. Silly. They want you to…post a <Quest>. I have questions about that, too. They want you to give them classes or secrets.”
“Oh—I can do that.”
Erin was so relieved she nodded, but Rags held up a claw. The [Chieftain] searched for words.
“They…would also like you to make one of my Goblins gain a class. Redscar said, ‘if she can make a [Knight], she should make a [Fighter Pilot].’ Kevin told him about it. Idiot.”
She gave Erin a helpless, slightly annoyed, amused look, as if she were—well, a Chieftain who had to hear that kind of request all the time. Erin’s jaw was dropped in a satisfying manner, and she didn’t know whether to laugh or…
