9.19
Page 37
“I’m not a child. Do you need to hold my hand?”
Erin went to ruffle her hair, and Rags poked her in the side. The [Innkeeper] protested, teasing the Goblin.
“Aw, come on. Your tribe isn’t watching. You can do mine too.”
The Goblin glanced up at Erin and finger-combed her spiky mane.
“Your hair isn’t that nice.”
“Wh—how dare you?”
Erin’s hands flew up to her own brown hair.
“I comb my hair every day!”
“Yeah. So do Carn Wolves. No style.”
“Are—are you and Gothica sharing notes? Stop bullying me about my fashion. Just because you wear color-coded armor and fur and—do you do anything with your hair?”
Rags snorted.
“Duh. Redfangs have great style. We have a [Stylish Cutmaster].”
“A what? You’re making all this up. I won’t be bullied about my hair.”
“You don’t need to. Your hair bullies itself.”
Erin opened and closed her mouth. Of all the fights she didn’t want to pick, her style was not one she was comfortable with. Stupid [Goths] and [Chieftains] and people with their ‘aesthetics’. She didn’t let go of Rags’ hand, but pulled her on.
Rags huffed and rolled her eyes, but she let Erin drag her to another waiting door. They were, after all, alone. Completely alone.
A huge bee crawled over the front of the door, and Erin screamed.
“Aah! Apista! I forgot you were here!”
The bee gave Erin a hurt look as she fanned her good wing.
You and everyone else! Who’s this? She eyed the Goblin, who’d put a hand on her sword. Erin guiltily reached out, and Apista crawled onto her hand.
“This is Apista, Rags. Oh my gosh, I forgot she was sleeping here! We left her when we went to Riverfarm. She doesn’t look hungry—”
“I’ve seen the bee. Want to take her with?”
The bee certainly seemed to be trying to cling to Erin’s hair. Like a second, insectile hat. Erin grimaced, but she didn’t have the heart to chase Apista away.
“Oh—fine. But it might be, uh, dangerous. Sanctuary only extends to this place. So—stay close to me, you two. It’s just what’s in the garden that might be dangerous, but there were huge Frost Golems.”
Rags checked her sword and shield and nodded. Apista jabbed her stinger into Erin’s hair.
I got you, kid. I’ve stabbed a legendary [Witch]’s eye out and a [Shaman]’s eyes. I’m the eye-stabber.
The door to the other gardens changed depending on what the garden had been. The camouflage stone door to the [General]’s frozen garden was a contrast to the rosewood door that led to the Drathian flower garden with the lacquered bridged and beautiful pond.
It took but moments for Erin and Rags to hurry out of the frozen, snowy keep, kicking snow off their boots, into the far warmer, pleasant red bridge over the water. Rags felt the air change in a moment and inhaled faint pollen and floral scents. She felt wood, not freezing stone underfoot, and turned as the other door swung shut.
From one garden to another. Door by door. Erin could walk through completely different worlds at will, and this one was the quiet, natural garden surrounded by the flowing stream that encircled a meditative garden filled with splashing, the gentle thock of a bamboo pole filling with water and striking a rock every few seconds, and the splash of fish.
A place to rest and be happy. Erin smiled as she stopped shivering and spread her arms wide to the Goblin, and even Rags laughed for a second in delight at the new garden.
Apista hated it. The koi fish were everywhere, splashing under the bridge, and she climbed all over Erin’s face, breaking the moment up.
