9.19
Page 9
“How am I supposed to make a feathercock and badminton racket out of nothing? We’d have to put an order in, get a [Crafter]—how did Erin do it?”
“Well, she had a few leather balls, and she commissioned someone to carve a bat. Baseball’s not that hard. What if we went old-school? Imani, where’s your hoof-shod…boyfriend?”
Kevin grinned at Imani, trying to play on their affectionate titles for each other. Palt, passing by, buffeted Kevin gently with one hand.
“That’s how I flirt with Imani, thank you. Sorry, I had to tell Lyonette to bother Wistram. They might be installing one of their ‘Adventure Rooms’ in Invrisil. If they can put some energy into it—and I bet they can—that’ll be a huge draw.”
Already, some things were coming together, and Kevin grinned as he punched Palt’s flank. Joseph was frowning.
“Old school? Yeah. Ping pong requires a stupidly bouncy ball, but we could have a wooden paddle, right? And can you enchant a ball to bounce, Palt?”
“Of course I can. I’m a generalist. I passed Wistram with flying colors. Got a ball?”
Joseph shrugged.
“I bought the soccer balls from a shop that sold Ekirra’s balls. Hell—Ekirra? Do you have a ball we could use?”
He turned, and an excited little Gnoll wearing his jersey perked up in the crowd. People were following the Earthers outside on a hunch, and Joseph’s smallest fan was tagging along. He wagged his tail excitedly as Joseph singled him out.
“You want a ball, Coach? I can get one!”
“What about a piece of wood? Hey, can anyone carve? We just need a racket like this…”
Kevin could sketch decently well, and his tennis racket was a simple idea. Yes, you needed a strong mesh, but if you just needed something to whack around…Palt raised his brows.
“Doesn’t seem hard. Does anyone have carving Skills? You could turn that into a square with a handle.”
The crowd susurrated until someone spoke up.
“I’ve got a sword. Want me to give it a shot?”
It was, unsurprisingly, Venaz, who thought he had the answer to the world’s problems. He strode forwards with his greatsword, and Kevin eyed it. However, the inn had planks of wood for repairs, and with a few cuts and a bit of cloth to wrap the handle, they had the ugliest ‘racket’ in existence.
In that…it was a flat piece of wood attached to a handle. Joseph and Imani didn’t quite look at Kevin as he swung it around.
“Okay, it’s heavy.”
And Palt had to enchant it so it wouldn’t break. But Ekirra came racing back with a little leather ball he liked to throw and play catch with, and the Centaur gamely enchanted it to be light and bouncy. Kevin tapped it up as Venaz cut a second piece of wood into the shape of a paddle. He raised the mismatched rackets and asked Palt to cast a [Lightwall] spell.
“Right here. Yay high. Can you do that?”
“I’m enchanting your stupid pieces of wood. One second—oh, thank you, Ceria.”
A wall of ice rose as the [Cryomancer] came out to see what everyone was doing. She was watching Palt work, and she looked amused as she chomped on fries.
That worked. Kevin handed Joseph a paddle, and the two faced each other across a flat piece of ground down the hill and just outside Liscor’s gates. There were no lines marking the field, they held two pieces of unbalanced, rough wood as their paddles, and the enchanted ball bounced way too far when Kevin awkwardly served it over the ice wall. Joseph ran after it, cursing, and then lobbed it back. They managed to return it two times each before Kevin failed to return the ‘tennis ball’.
