9.20
Page 18
So it was with confidence, mystique, and perhaps veiled sexual innuendo that she gave her new visitor a sly look. Then a look of horror.
“Mother!”
Colfa Lischelle-Drakle looked around Fierre’s room.
“So this is where you work. It’s so…pedestrian, Fierre. Is that a Golem?”
She did a double-take as Fierre saw Colfa hadn’t even closed the door! A polite [Rogue] pulled it shut, and Colfa waved.
“I won’t be long! Just visiting my daughter.”
Fierre stared in growing horror as a group of…highly awkward robed or hooded figures stood in line. Like someone having a bad dream, thoughts swam into her panicking mind.
Why is my mother here? How did she find me? How long has she been waiting in line, and crucially—what did she say to them?
These were dire questions, and Fierre feared the worst. But Colfa was peering around the room.
“Fierre! I know you took on the Opener job because you wanted to be your own woman, but have we taught you nothing? Your desk is so plain. You have no decorations aside from this Golem—how much did it cost? Is that why you sent back so much gold? Your father was beside himself, and we did expect your presence anon at dinner.”
She was a bit casual since they weren’t being proper Vampires, but it still worked itself in. Colfa could direct [Shepherds] and talk shop with a [Butcher], after all. Fierre spluttered.
“Mother! My work is secret—how did you even find me?”
“Oh, Garia Strongheart told me when I asked. A very proper young woman who pays respect from blood to blood. Her father is a [Farmer]. A quite fascinating one.”
Garia. Fierre hissed, but Colfa wasn’t done.
“And your clothes!”
Fierre tried to cover her clothes, which were like [Assassin]’s garb…yes…
Cosplay assassins. Colfa pointed at it.
“Completely unacceptable. No daughter of mine will look like some nightwalker. Night stalker, Fierre. Less bodice and webbing, more cloak.”
“Mother!”
Colfa wasn’t done. She pointed at the far wall.
“And your wall? It’s pale beige. Beige, Fierre? Are you some kind of [Scribe]? You could do black or red or even texture it like brickwork. No drapes? No…ambiance?”
“Mother, it’s my office. I can decorate it how I want!”
Fierre’s aggrieved tone seemed to hurt her mother, and Colfa sighed.
“I’m sure you do very well. You had a lot of very keen customers. I shan’t take up your time! But at least let me…”
She found a handkerchief and began dusting the Golem. Fierre protested, but that was the thing about mothers. Fierre was going to dust the Golem! Just—at some point. Then her mother placed something on the table.
“Although we drink the ichor of others, I thought you might be hungry. Here.”
Fierre stared down at her favorite bloody shepherd’s pie as Colfa looked around. She smiled, and Fierre muttered.
“Thanks, Mother.”
“Make sure to visit tomorrow or we shall worry.”
She pinched Fierre’s cheek affectionately, then swept out of the office. And it was a real sweep. Fierre wished she could pretend to that level of casual arrogance that made one of the people in line step out of the way deferentially and another tip his hat to her.
Then again, that might come from being royalty among [Herders]. Fierre did tuck into her food because her mother was gone, and she resented that Colfa had somehow known Fierre hadn’t eaten since breakfast.
She had the terrible feeling that the next guests had received something like a baked snack from Colfa, because one of them was crunching on something, and another hid what looked suspiciously like a meat strudel behind their back when she walked in.
