9.20
Page 24
It was. And then she saw why it was Erin’s bounty: because only she would make a loaf as black as night to join the eggs and ham. Poisonbite looked up and rolled out of the way as a spoon nearly took out an eye.
[The Innkeeper’s Bounty] turned out to be, well…breakfast. Or, Rags realized with the new definition in mind, whatever an [Innkeeper] might serve.
But, crucially here, an Erin-style breakfast or supplies. Which meant it was stupid.
Stupidly delicious. The Goblins were already stuffing themselves as they came downstairs, much to an [Innkeeper]’s indignation. She put her hands on her hips as her special continental breakfast lost some of its charm.
“Hey! Who gave you all that food?”
“…You did.”
Erin’s jaw fell open, but that was nothing to Palt. The Centaur was coming down the stairs as Rags explained the free food, and he slipped. The crash and scream of a Centaur falling down the stairs?
Indescribable. Imani raced out of the guest rooms she and Palt still used despite their new lodgings in Liscor, and found Erin pouring a bit of potion over Palt. Everyone else came down, but the Centaur barely felt the pain. He was pointing at Rags.
“I didn’t break my leg, did I? I didn’t—good. She’s got a cornucopia Skill! How does she have—that’s one of the rarest Skills along with healing!”
The Goblin stopped. Another word she didn’t know. She munched on a slice of the deliciously fresh ham as several of Erin’s guests made suitably awed noises. Mostly Ceria, Ksmvr, and Mrsha, who imagined what they’d do with all that free food.
Eat it. They’d eat it.
Rags, for her part, was quite pleased by another supplement to the food issue that often plagued Goblins. But she just had one question.
“…Why is the ham green?”
“Eggs is green too. Chieftain.”
Redscar spoke between a mouthful of egg as Numbtongue tried not to correct him and say, ‘eggs are’. Because he was a word-nerd.
It was funny, to Erin, to see a relationship that she hadn’t known existed of the Redfangs punching each other and teasing Numbtongue. But she was also perplexed by the eggs.
“They look…different. Is something in ‘em?”
She was worried, but Poisonbite chewed happily.
“Melty cheese. Hot eggs. Nice eggs. This one has bits of bacon inside.”
Bird gasped.
“Green eggs? Are they from…green birds?”
Everyone looked at him. Bird waved his arms frantically.
“Super green birds! Even the whites of the eggs are greens! I must know which bird they came from!”
Rags pointed at the ham—it didn’t taste bad. Erin heard a snort. She turned, and Kevin had come up.
“I bet I know. It’s green eggs and ham, Erin. That is so like you.”
“Wh—no it’s not! Wait, that’s hilarious. I’d totally do that. But I haven’t!”
“Then maybe it’s something you would do? Or have you never made green ham before?”
Erin hesitated. Everyone stared at her, and she scuffed a toe on the floor.
“Maaaaaybe for Christmas. Y’know, Dr. Seuss? But I’m amazed the Skill grabbed that!”
“This. This is why you have a [Chef], Erin. Imani, my dear, do I look like I’ve recovered my dignity?”
“Recovered, yes. Dignity? You had little to begin with, my bygone stallion.”
Imani teased him, and Palt looked hurt.
“I give the flirtatious appellations, thank you. As for food—someone pass me the ham. Or anything to eat. It’s going to be a busy day.”
 
——
 
When you started with green eggs and ham, you couldn’t start any better. That was how Erin saw things, but what a morning.
