9.20
Page 22
Imagine the tariffs on all the goods they bought. And Goblins paid no tariffs, and neither did the underworld. So imagine you, Fierre, were pulling all the coin off a margin on whatever you bought.
The Vampire almost drooled at the thought. Rags gave Fierre a smile, and the Opener pulled herself together. Focus.
“Why me? Because I’m a friend of the inn?”
“Yep. You’re probably trustworthy. More than a random [Rogue]. So, how about it? I give you coin, you give me things I need. Say—the nails, tomorrow? Small list?”
“Let me—let me just call a few people. By all means, did you say two thousand steel nails? Any size? Fifteen pounds of butter—why chickens?”
Rags scowled as she sighed.
“My cooks want it. Chickens? My Goblins want feather pillows, and they want to raise chickens for food.”
“I could get you pre-made pillows. Soft ones. Silk or filled with Sariant wool, even. Pricey, but there’s very reasonable goose feather ones.”
Rags perked up as Fierre slyly began to scribble numbers down. She smiled and reached across the table. Fierre eyed the claw, then took it. Both gave each other a toothy grin.
“I think we could do business.”
The Goblin smirked, and the Vampire’s eyes twinkled with avarice.
“I quite agree. Speaking of—is there anything else I should know about coming up tomorrow? Anything with your tribe or the inn, or are you really just here to visit?”
Rags gave Fierre a polite smile.
“I had my talk. Now? I get to watch the fun.”
 
——
 
The inn was the place to be for meetings. For opportunity. If Rags were one example, well, seeing the meetings of adventurers, knowing this was the place of <Quests>, it all but confirmed it for others.
Like the new lamb named Nerry. She had been very sedate as she trotted from table to table, charming guests. A Sariant Lamb, like a housecat, was an actual draw for an establishment. Nerry curled up next to a snoozing Ksmvr, who had won the right to host her in the now-full guest rooms.
Adventurers and Qwera filled the other rooms, and the inn was quite spacious and nice, even for a Sariant Lamb. Why, you could even hear some of the occupants up late at night. Having intimate encounters.
Or, like Ysara and Ylawes, having the world’s quietest screaming match. The little lamb might not have been able to open doors, but she could hop up and down stairs quietly and listen under doorways.
However—she hadn’t found a way into the secret rooms in the inn or the garden. She’d tried, and a force had held her back from the entrance. Later. She slept, knowing her time would come.
Like that, the first night of The Wandering Inn ended. A night of reunions, of laughter, of bittersweet talk and meetings. When people woke, it was time for actual activities, festivities, the bazaar—and for the real celebrations to begin amping up.
However, even the best couldn’t predict what would come the next day.
 
——
 
The day started for Rags with waking up in an unfamiliar bed. She got up, grumbled, and felt at her sheets. She was serious when she told Erin that she valued sheets more than people in her bed. She liked a good damn bed, alright? The inn had quite lovely beds, but she’d already put in an order for some more good silk sheets and pillows for herself. Even magical sheets. Imagine how much you could get.
Fierre had told her you could buy an actual waterbed where you pulled a sheet of water over yourself as you slept. It didn’t sound the most comfortable, but it did sound fun.
…Unfortunately, Rags’ bed was occupied, a phenomenon she had grown used to. She kicked one body who grunted and another who kicked back.
