9.20
Page 57
They were…cycling. Eighty-seven challengers, and most had gone through [Immortal Moments]. Otherwise—it might have been days.
Erin looked like she was spent. She just nodded to Fetohep, but she waited. Niers, Chaldion—all of the players that were the best kept reappearing to take their shot at her.
And each time, they got closer. However, they were feeling the effects of exhaustion, and, too late, Niers realized he should have gone to sleep and started fresh.
That was hindsight for you. The world’s audience and Drassi were just waiting to see who finally took Erin Solstice down.
It was like watching a pack of Carn Wolves taking down a Mossbear. They were circling—and then one would come in, and there would be a flash of fangs and a bitter, bloody battle. The [Innkeeper] was no longer smiling.
She was concentrating, and she was visibly reacting to the quality of her opponents. She actually groaned when the scrying orb flickered.
“You again.”
A lot of weaker challengers were appearing, local regional masters. However, while some were surprising, Erin could knock a Naga flat, or Beatrice, or even Valeterisa.
…But the Quarass of Germina was a top-tier opponent. She twirled a pawn on one finger, then put it down. Erin inhaled—
And the Quarass stood by the thousands. Lifetimes of mastery facing down a world of ghosts. Erin Solstice looked in her eyes, and the Quarass nodded.
We have more to talk about than mere games.
The [Innkeeper] was blazing out, but she was going down swinging. She put down a piece, and the Quarass felt it like a quake.
Take me out and we’ll talk. The [Innkeeper]’s mouth was a line of concentration as she bit her lip to keep herself focused. You cannot best me that easily.
“Dead gods, they’re going at it.”
A yawning Qwera watched as pieces flew off the board and the Quarass and Erin’s hands blurred under the effects of their [Immortal Moment]. To outsiders, it looked like they were sped up, locked at the horns.
Speaking of horns…Olesm pushed himself back from the table and went back for his second rematch as Venaz smashed a fist on his board. Erin Solstice took down the Quarass and wobbled. She looked up.
“Niers? Don’t you have any sympathy for little old me?”
The Titan appeared, grinning.
“This is your hour, Erin. Show us how the ‘World’s Greatest Player’ goes down. Five seconds per move? Flash game?”
He taunted her, and Erin’s lips moved.
 
[Temporary Skill Assigned: My Thoughts Run Like Lightning]
 
A crackling storm swept over the void between them, and the Titan sighed as he saw her straighten her back.
“Bring it on.”
The Skills were still adapting to every opponent. Niers lost, swearing vividly, as Erin drew him into a rapid defeat. He couldn’t keep up with her!
…However, that had drained her even more. But now the audience was riveted. Again, not by the game.
By the atmosphere. The fourth challenger in a row appeared.
Fetohep, the Quarass, the Titan. And then…
International Master Antal Fekete appeared to cheers. Like the [Hero] facing the final boss—they were beginning to cheer on each player.
“You again. I’m sorry I can’t play without Skills…”
At this point, Erin was recognizing her opponents’ levels, and she gave him a guilty smile. Antal replied.
“No need. You’re insane.”
It was not the first time they had played together. But it might be the last. There was no roar of black wings beating, no moon this time.
