9.20
Page 46
Yet she watched as she cast every predictive spell against her opponents. She had to camouflage who she was playing as, and she was actively trying to crash every connection she came across to give herself less opponents.
She hated chess. But hey…she smiled as several sacrificial Demons lined up. They looked reluctant as Silvenia pointed at them.
“[Siphon Luck]. Your sacrifice is appreciated.”
There were ways to play, and the Queens were using their best tactic. They came in hot, and Silvenia knew the pressure that True Antinium could exert.
…The first champion to face Erin was reflected in Altestiel and Lord Bel’s scrying orbs. The Titan, the Death of Magic, and the other opponents watched the Queens squaring off against Erin.
 
——
 
This time, the Queens found themselves in their real bodies. Staring up. They were all vast beings who towered over other Antinium. The Silent Queen gazed around the alternate chess-dimension, and the Armored Queen raised a rook like a shield.
“This is not a battle. Focus.”
The Twisted Queen snapped at the others. She was the best player, and she would have added Wrymvr to the connection—but he was terrible at chess. And Anand wanted to take Erin on personally.
“Our Skills must be employed. Intimidate her.”
The Grand Queen was leading the charge, and the Worker sitting across Erin in the physical world opened its mandibles and screeched.
[Intimidating Shout]!
The Free Queen was having fun, despite their sense of contest. But…she had a bad feeling that her fellow Queens were underestimating Erin. The class was writing itself in the air again.
 
[Temporary Class Assigned: Grandmaster of Death, Advent of Living Chess]
 
…But something was different about the Skills. Erin’s eyes flashed as the screaming Worker slowly stopped. She looked in pity at the Worker bound to the Queens.
“Play me yourself, you six.”
The Worker jerked and then recoiled from the board. Shaking, it looked at Erin as she winked at it. Then she turned, and the six Queens looking up at her saw a Skill writing itself in the sky.
“…That is not good. That is green. Is anyone else seeing that? I am. It’s a fetching color, but I’m getting uneasy.”
The Flying Queen’s mandibles clicked. In silence, the six Queens saw a Skill appear.
 
[Temporary Skill Assigned: The Laughing Folk Bowed to None; Neither Shall I]
 
Their auras winked out. The Queens looked up, and they thought they heard voices. Laughing at them. Chuckling, practically wheezing with mirth. The [Innkeeper] smiled.
“Challenger one. Let’s begin.”
 
——
 
The game between the Queens and Erin Solstice was causing ripples in the chess community.
“Oh my god. Oh my god. Who is she? I think I know her. She’s…wasn’t she a chess prodigy?”
“Wait. You know her?”
The Earthers of Rhir were going crazy. Most of them were queueing up for local games, but one group of them was huddled around a laptop and coming up with a plan to win. However—there was one member of the thousand that had come to Rhir who stood head and shoulders above the rest.
That was International Master Antal Fekete of Hungary. An actual chess expert. For those who didn’t know—which were a lot of his peers—he was one rank below a Grandmaster of Earth, the highest chess level someone could obtain.
And he was watching Erin Solstice play one of the best games he’d seen against a bug-person. They were both playing at such a high level he no longer doubted her claims to being a Grandmaster of Scales.
…He was queued up against an ‘Earl’ of Desonis. Antal glanced over with a frown.
