9.20
Page 1
The real fighting would be when they pushed into the area around the Dyed Lands, not mopped up the rampaging monsters. This was almost…forensic. Kill monsters, see how they fought and which ones had tricks, adjust strategy, and move up slowly. Dissect, analyze.
The Fraerlings who were watching Niers peer at the scrying orb mounted on his wristwatch were a mix of awe and chagrin. The Titan’s company was like his arms and legs, and he didn’t look up as he swatted a hundred and twenty monsters.
Wistfully, Niers watched as Erin raised a hand and Drassi pushed forwards. Now…
“What are you going to do, Erin? All eyes are on you.”
It was possibly the first time The Wandering Inn had been a direct broadcast of Wistram News Network. Incredible, yes, but the inn had almost always been part of something, like a monster attack. This was the inn on its own. And the [Innkeeper]…she was known enough that people might recognize her face.
Erin looked up and around the party with a look of surprise, as if she hadn’t quite known how large it was. And there was the [Princess]. What kind of party, indeed? Niers saw Erin give Drassi a pair of finger-guns, smile—and hurry off. He laughed as she went to high-five Goblins.
“Good luck trying that forever.”
 
——
 
The party at The Wandering Inn was a three-day affair. The initial event had occurred as adventurers and Goblins arrived, just past midday.
In four hours, the skating rink that Ceria had made had become the main attraction, as well as the inn’s reopening. Mostly?
It was visitors coming through the doors. Liska was opening and shutting them nonstop, only pausing to let [Mages] recharge the door.
“Pallass? Step through. Inn is on your right. Liscor on your left. We don’t have time to open a door to Liscor. Thank you, goodbye.”
She shut the door, adjusted the dial, opened it.
“Celum? Step through. Inn on your right. Liscor on your left. No door to Liscor today. Anyone going for Celum?”
She looked around, and some people waiting in the exit queue raised their hands. Liska glowered.
“Why aren’t you in a group? Stand there for Celum. I need a sign. Who else is going to Invrisil? Got your money?”
People fussed about with money and asked the worst questions. Like a Human who tapped her on the shoulder.
“I’d like to go to Pallass. Can you open the door?”
Liska stared at him.
“No one’s going to Pallass. You have to apply for the waiting list.”
“You just opened the door.”
“That’s from Pallass.”
“Just open the door. I have the fee right here.”
Liska was almost tempted to as the man puffed up with indignation. She spoke slowly, as if trying to hammer the words into his head.
“The checkpoint will stop you. No one’s going to Pallass. Invrisil, Celum, and Esthelm are open. Who’s going to Celum? You need to pay me.”
“I just did!”
“That was from Invrisil to Liscor.”
“I have to pay per city? What a ripoff!”
Liska groaned. She needed signs, lines, and helpers. And indeed, the prices per door usage were at least keeping a horde of people from going through. But the visitors were of all kinds. She turned and closed the door to Celum and opened it to Pallass as a [Mage] tapped her on the shoulder.
“[Merchant].”
“I got it, I got it. Hello, sir or ma’am!”
A Gnoll gave Liska a long look. The helper tried to smile, but then she almost went blind.
“I’m heading for Liscor for this bazaar. I’ve got goods—mostly in bags of holding—and a staff of seventeen. Where am I staying? And whom do I pay?”
“Me, Miss…”
