9.20
Page 41
<Yearly Heroic Quest – Face the World’s Greatest Chess Player>
 
Limits: No cheating, no magical interference. No Skills to change the board. Everything else, including predictive Skills, is allowed.
 
I am the world’s greatest chess player. I have played the best in the world, and I would have been in the top ten thousand, at least, a few months ago.
None now remain. I am the Grandmaster of Scales, by virtue of victory. 
Challenge me at the chess tournament taking place in Liscor today. The first person to defeat me will win. The right to challenge me, formally, will be won by working their way up the tournament. I will play you at my utmost best and keep playing until I lose.
I’ll come at you with my best.
 
Posted Reward: Eighty gold coins to tournament winner, lesser rewards for finalists.
Quest Reward: One level in any <Intelligence> class.
 
——
 
Az’kerash dropped the plate of magical delicacies he was handing to Nerrhavia. The ghost dropped a fork.
 
——
 
Archmage Eldavin stopped drinking his cup of morning tea, and Telim ducked.
 
——
 
The Blighted King sat up upon his throne as his trusted advisor, Nereshal, practically sprinted into the room.
 
——
 
Silvenia, the Death of Magic, the greatest [Mage] in the world—
 
——
 
Well, you got the picture. Was that real? No, it was. And if it were real—no matter what level you held? <Intelligence> classes?
That wasn’t all. The quest itself. As far as anyone knew—you couldn’t lie on a <Quest>, right?
The world’s greatest chess player sat in The Wandering Inn and looked up. She smiled into the camera.
“We’ll do a quick demo match. Niers, you’d better bring your best because you have to work your way up in the tourney like everyone else.”
The Titan stared at Erin—and his dangersense began going off. Not the Skill, but something more instinctual. Slowly, he re-read the quest and realized that Erin hadn’t banned…
He glanced up. Then, to the audience’s amazement—the Titan tipped over his king. He stood up.
“In that case—I’ll see you later, Erin. But I don’t intend on wasting a chance. Especially if I need to surprise you.”
The [Innkeeper] grinned. The Titan stepped back and glanced at Lyonette. The [Princess] looked excited, pale with nerves—and she jumped as he bowed to her.
“Miss? Please put me down for the tournament. I will be ready.”
He stepped back, and then half the Fraerlings were shouting, demanding to be put on. Lyonette gulped as her Thronebearers whirled.
This party was heating up fast.
But that wasn’t fun, to hear the quest. To see the Titan tip over a piece and not see a chess game. Now, everyone wanted to see Erin do a demo match, even if it was just chess.
“Someone take his place! Just for a demo match. Erin, is that alright?”
Drassi practically screamed. Erin smiled.
“I’ll let someone take a shot at the reward right now.”
The Titan whirled back, and she gave him a wink.
“That’s called courage. Anyone but the Titan—who wants to get a free level?”
The inn suddenly fell silent. Who would take Erin on? Gireulashia almost stepped forwards, but she hesitated. Wil, Venaz, Merrik—they were taking cues from their Professor.
They might need to save their plays. After all, if Erin thought she would be taking on challenger after challenger…
On the other hand—this was the chance to win a level. You could, in theory, take a game off Erin!
And the clever people had realized something.
She hadn’t banned all Skills. Just Skills that actually altered the game itself. So someone stepped forwards with all the arrogance in his sniffing nose.
Pisces Jealnet turned to face Erin and smiled.
