9.20
Page 58
Antal sat in an [Immortal Moment], with words only for the two of them. In a [Garden of Sanctuary], feeling a spring breeze blowing across his face. He looked up as they played under a vast sakura tree with light green petals blowing in the wind.
Erin Solstice sat in the dress the owner of this garden had once worn. A silk kimono perhaps, but so long it spilled around her resting on a blanket over soft grass as she studied the chess board in front of them. Her hair was pinned by a single jade-green hairpin. She looked serene. Exhausted—and he thought she looked like a reigning champion waiting for him as she sat there.
“There’s so much I want to talk to you about.”
That was all Antal said. He looked at Erin, and the [Innkeeper] looked up. She smiled briefly.
“I know. I’m sorry, though. I’m tired. And—I’m playing you at my best.”
Her eyes flickered, and the wind picked up. Antal’s heart was already racing. They could only speak like this briefly—but he spoke, desperate.
“I know, but you’re my senior in chess and—here. Do you know anything?”
He was a hero of Rhir. Erin Solstice looked up slowly, and her eyes were sympathetic.
“I don’t know everything, Antal. But I can tell you this: it will not be easy. It’s all real, and—I cannot go across the world. Not yet. If you come to me, if you need help, I will try to give it. But you’re going to need to find your way.”
“…I just play chess.”
The [Chess Player] closed his eyes. When he opened them, the [Innkeeper] was smiling gently.
“So do I. It won’t solve everything. But take this moment and use it. You’re not alone. You have to do your best. More than you ever thought you could. This? This is your first step. Show me what you have.”
Then the breeze in the garden became a gale. Antal thought he saw a flaming bee flying past them as a hurricane blew around them, and he should have been so disconcerted that he didn’t play well. Instead—his mind was on fire, and he was pushing himself and hoping he remembered every move of this game.
He felt alive, like the truest moments of genius he had ever captured, like he was reading a hundred moves ahead. And his opponent was living in this world? Antal looked up at her as she came at him, and he wondered what opponents she’d met to make her smile like that.
He dreamed, in that moment—of playing chess with species he had never met. With Djinni and [Queens] and immortal beings and Golems. And he was not so afraid of the future.
 
——
 
The game took an hour and thirty-one minutes. To the audience? A minute, thirty-one seconds. Erin took a desperate gulp of a stamina potion, but she was swaying when she sat down.
“Come on, easy opponent. Easy opponent. Oh—uh, I didn’t mean to be mean.”
A Drowned Woman grinned as she saluted Erin in a swaying cabin. She whispered.
“Shh, if you please. We’re in the deeps. But it’s an honor to play.”
In silence, they dueled, and the Drowned Woman bowed out as fast as she’d entered, looking pleased to have challenged Erin. But—it wasn’t clear that even these ‘breaks’ were helping Erin. She raised bloodshot eyes and smiled mirthlessly.
“Et tu, Anand?”
The [Strategist] raised his arms as the Antinium began clicking and applauding wildly. So did the Goblins, cheering him.
“Erin. I’m sorry, but I wish to win.”
“So do I.”
Even now—Anand’s raised mandibles trembled. The [Innkeeper] took a breath—and her eyes began glowing again.
“Oh dead gods, it’s like that’s her special form or something. It’s like she’s a boss about to do a special attack. Joseph. Hey, Joseph. Do you think you’ll be able to do that in soccer?”
