9.20
Page 55
They were, uh, not doing well. Ryoka hadn’t bothered trying to get in the tournament. She had played Erin when the [Innkeeper] was being nice.
Right now, it looked like Erin Solstice could breathe fire and spit lightning. In a literal sense. Some of her Skills seemed to actually sap her opponents’ strength. Every time she took a piece off the board when she played a Centaur [Tactician], he grew paler and paler.
Mind you, he had already begun hyperventilating, but Ryoka actually saw a phantom bolt of lightning, like a flickering apparition, go through him when she knocked out his queen. He trotted around in a circle in his scrying orb—then passed out.
“Whoa! She’s killing them if she wins! It’s a chess game to the death! That’s awesome. Ryoka, Ryoka, it’s your move.”
Sammial thought it was neat. He slapped his board impatiently, and Ryoka glanced down. She was playing him and Hethon, and she frowned.
“You moved your pieces.”
“I get my pawn back.”
“…Why?”
“Because you have too many of my pieces! I get my pawn back!”
Sammial insisted. He folded his arms, and Ryoka rolled her eyes.
“Sure, take your pawn back. Check.”
“Argh!”
As the young [Lord] tried to scheme his way back to a victory, Ryoka turned to the scrying orb once more. What impressed her about Erin was not the Skills or the <Quest>. Well, those were amazing, as was her wiping out foe after foe. But it wasn’t even her meeting the rich and powerful. To Ryoka, that was dangerous. It wasn’t the community, the excitement…
It was Ryoka Griffin’s eternal envy for anyone who saw her opponents in that half-seen world. What she and her chess opponents saw was mostly lost to Ryoka. But the Wind Runner knew—perspective. She watched Viscount Visophecin appear in the scrying orb and his careful look at Erin Solstice.
She suspected that Erin saw something completely unique. She hoped that Erin was smart about it. This was the second game, and if the first had been any indication—
Erin had seen him.
 
——
 
It was just supposed to be a game. Once more, he sat down and sank into another dimension. Unlike the other players, he knew other dimensions.
This was a power like his own. Given to an [Innkeeper] for this quest? Incredible. Unbelievable.
But what made the Lucifen’s skin crawl even as he kept his face smiling for the cameras was this.
The illusion of a man faded, and a Devil spread his wings. He stood in a world of blackness as a roaring river the size of an ocean ran under the chess board hovering in the air.
Another area this time? The Lucifen looked up, and there was no giant this time. Erin Solstice was sitting across from him, tired. Mortal. Frail. Sweaty.
So—why was his hand shaking? He looked at it idly and then at her. His true form was revealed. The first time, he had been so disconcerted he’d thrown the match.
This time…he watched her face and wondered if he would have to kill her. For she was seeing something she should not be able to. Yet she was Ryoka’s friend. And what made the Lucifen’s heart beat fast was…
The [Witch of Second Chances] sat there. Empowered by the glowing Skills and class hovering over her head. But that was not what made Visophecin freeze.
There were a pair of horns growing out of her head. Her skin was grey, like his, and when she smiled, her pointed teeth were a copy of his own. He looked at her—and she nodded to him.
“Viscount Visophecin, isn’t it? Ailendamus?”
“Yes.”
