9.20
Page 20
“Mostly only idiots who make mistakes and want to blame me for it. I’ve handled a few—but one time I sold information that got me hexed.”
Fierre still sometimes felt a prick and wondered if she had a needle still buried in her body. She shuddered, and Rags nodded.
“So you choose your danger. I understand. Well. I am Rags. You know me. Will you take me as a client?”
The question surprised the Vampire girl, but she nodded slowly.
“Can you pay? I could accept more than gold.”
“I have gold. I have a lot I want to know, but how did you know that about Goblinhome? The [Rogues], I assume?”
Fierre waved that off.
“Don’t take it personally. Information is gold, so if a dealer came to you to make contact, they’d sell it. Not to adventurers—not unless they really thought there was nothing to gain. Er…”
Then she realized she’d just given away valuable intelligence. Rags didn’t smile, but Fierre caught herself. Clever Goblin.
She sat up a bit and stabbed her leg with a toe to wake up. Rags nodded, glancing at the Golem.
“Good. Then you know quite a lot.”
Fierre had bought a bunch of connections with gold, which was an expensive way to put yourself ahead. She nodded.
“I’m well connected. How can I help you? Consider everything I’ve said a free sample of my intelligence networks. Mind you, I won’t help if you try and attack Tenbault. That’d land me in hot water; even Faces—high-level criminals—need the Healer. Some don’t like you on the basis of that alone; some think your tribe is very valuable. Have you gotten any offers for employment as [Mercenaries]? Oh, and what did you get from the Healer? Any…spells?”
She was itching to know any of this, but Rags just studied her fingernails. To Fierre’s mortification, the Goblins were calmer than she was! Maybe her mother had a point about the atmosphere.
“I can tell you—if you help me first. If you know [Rogues] are visiting Goblinhome—we’ve been trading for their artifacts. I know their names. But they’re probably fake. Do you know a Whet? [Rogue], five feet ten inches tall, black hair, has a slightly limp back foot. Two curved blades on his hips, a stiletto on wrist? Carries a spell to make him jump in a scroll on his belt.”
Fierre’s fingers twitched. Her mind lit up as she sorted through identities.
“…I can do a lookup. Sounds familiar, but that’s not actually distinguishing for a [Rogue]. Still, there are only a few who’d make contact with your tribe.”
Rags thought.
“…The catalog on offer had a ‘scrying spell deflection’ spell by Mage Aumeth for sale. They also offered strange blades. Shurikens. Very…twisty blades with multiple edges.”
“Aha. Aha. That sounds like you made contact with the Wharf group.”
Fierre knew who sold Drathian-related items. Only a few had harbor access, and she named the likeliest mob who dealt in goods, not services like the Brothers. Rags smiled.
“That’s what they called themselves.”
Fierre and Rags sat back for a moment in mutual appreciation. So, that had been a test. Fierre was glad she had said it.
“So, are you not happy with their goods?”
“Mm. No. They’re decent. They work. But only the [Rogue] came to deliver goods, and he asked for Wyvern hides and other parts in payment. Gold, gemstones…his prices seemed high. Even for me.”
Now, Fierre understood. She smiled tightly. Oldest con in the books was selling to someone who had no other options.
“Oh, I see. So you’d like me to take a catalog or look into whether they’re ripping you off? Cheating you? Do you have a catalog?”
