9.20
Page 54
Lamia Tusxe nearly spat out her drink as Magnolia chuckled. She gave Reclis a smile which he returned. It was like they were playing a game of chess themselves, only they were learning the rules.
Oh, so this was how you did it? Drassi broke in with a laugh.
“Lady Reinhart, King Reclis, you two are crazy. But is Erin actually sending letters to…Archmage Feor? Oh my, she’s destroying him on the board. I think we’ll let our analysts tell us how the game went.”
Magnolia pursed her lips as Jecaina squinted at the board.
“It looks like Archmage Feor in the first part of the game actually opened up his left rook by moving his pawn forwards. Can we replay that, Drassi? My, my. I didn’t know he was this amusing.”
“My understanding is that Archmage Feor is considered a top-level player across the world, in the [Mage] community and elsewhere, Lady Reinhart. I, myself, have played him, and I was considered one of the foremost players in Calanfer. What is so amusing?”
Reclis teased her as Yerranola fumbled with her notes. Magnolia just sighed.
“I happen to know that is called the, ah…what was it? The Kadas Opening? A very bad opening for a very fine player, indeed. Archmage Feor might well be a skilled player, but I have been assured that is a terrible way to start a game. From playing myself, you understand. Perhaps it works on other players, but not Miss Solstice.”
“I believe she’s seen it before, uh, uh, Lady Reinhart. Y-your Majesty. She took it apart very fast.”
Yerranola stuttered in, and Magnolia turned.
“Miss Yerranola, please. Magnolia will do. Or even Mags. You must come by Oteslia, and I will host you. What I am pleased about, though, is that Erin is keeping herself fed.”
The rest of her commentary group looked askance as Magnolia smiled at Erin. Queen Jecaina murmured.
“You must be joking, Lady Reinhart.”
“Humans. She’s going to die. Wait, I heard you had sugar for blood. Do you eat like that?”
Tusxe pointed in horror as Erin, desperate to replenish her energy levels, snatched a bowl of ice cream from Lyonette’s hands, then dumped it in a cup of milk. She proceeded to pour in her cup of coffee and add in a nali-stick. Magnolia smiled.
“Not in that way, but I have a tiny sweet tooth.”
“Someone—someone stop Mrsha. Hey, Drassi—stop Mrsha!”
The Gnoll was trying to copy Erin’s example and make her own coffee latte ice cream shake with extra nali. Drassi ran off-screen and intercepted Mrsha. Magnolia defended herself as Reclis, Jecaina, and Tusxe took her to task about her eating habits.
Nothing would do then for them all to make the shake and publicly shudder—except for Tusxe, who finished hers. Meanwhile, Reclis eyed a certain red-haired young woman. Well, formerly red-haired.
She was wearing a bad wig. Magnolia rolled her eyes, but she kept going. This was quite amusing.
 
——
 
“Erin.”
Ryoka Griffin was watching her friend. So were the other Humans. They had to be. From a certain [Driver] heading north with an excited Antinium, to the Earthers of Rhir, the Singer of Terandria…
They saw her and saw Erin doing what she did best. Something wild and crazy. Her friend, the Wind Runner, wanted to be in Liscor. She was so antsy she almost went over to where Lord Pellmia, Tyrion, and a bunch of [Lords] and [Ladies] were scheming.
“What is the easiest tournament? No, no, I don’t want a local one—this is First Landing. Enter us in the Yoldenite tournament. Lord Pellmia, Lord Tyrion…fine, make them Drake names. Lord Pellsia, Tyllion—”
