9.20
Page 12
“So, um, Ysara. I see you’ve kept up with your sword training. Perhaps we should spar later.”
Ylawes poked at his plate as if trying to poke a hole through the awkwardness. Ysara tried to wave it off.
“These days, you and Yvlon are the real adventurers. Let’s talk about that, not the old days. I heard you were at Wistram. How was that, Ylawes?”
The [Knight] froze, and his eyes slid sideways to Falene, who was eating with Suxhel, but Dawil bailed him out.
“Wistram? We met with Eldavin, and the first thing he did was chuck Ylawes out a window. We were trying to make a deal to help out Erin, but the Silver Swords aren’t worth much in the heart of magic.”
“He what?”
Yvlon looked astonished, and Pelt snorted.
“Sounds like every [Archmage] I’ve met. He didn’t turn the idiot into a frog…and you broke the axe. I’ll kill you!”
He half-overturned the table, and everyone had to pull him back. Dawil fended off Pelt—every few minutes, the [Smith] would turn homicidal. But food and drink calmed him down. Yvlon had to wrestle Pelt back down, and Ylawes tried again.
“I only regret we didn’t enchant our blades or gain something other than a few levels from the journey. Which is, in itself, good, but I felt rather foolish at the expedition. Yvlon has leveled up. Ysara, did anything interesting happen at the Meeting of Tribes?”
“Oh, only a war.”
Ysara coughed into one hand. Her younger brother wavered.
“Ah, yes.”
She took pity on Ylawes.
“I could have used your sword there. I never felt as useless as I did with a single blade in front of an army of Drakes.”
She tapped the sword at her side, and Pelt snorted as he gulped down a huge mug of dark ale from Noelictus. The good stuff.
“Well, fancy skill at arms won’t do you much good with a piece of pig iron like that. Even if you are a [Merchant], you should be ashamed of yourself. The only person sitting here with good metal is Dawil, and he snapped his—and Yvlon’s arms.”
He pointed accusingly at the two. Ylawes and Ysara looked outraged. The [Knight] bared part of his silver-metal blade.
“Master Pelt! My sword was made by a Level 30 [Blacksmith]!”
“And mine’s an heirloom from House Byres’ armory!”
Ysara added. Pelt looked at both their swords.
“Amazing. And here I couldn’t tell. Heirlooms? A Level 30 [Smith]? You could throw them in a bucket of inferior swords in Deríthal-Vel and I’d never notice.”
Both Humans bristled, and Rags began cackling. Gothica poked her head up and took a huge bite out of some macaroni and cheese for the table.
“Your blades are so dull I wipe my butt with them.”
“Hah! I like this Goblin. Pull up a seat.”
“Master Pelt!”
Erin looked amused and horrified—and that was before Rags joined in.
“Be nice to the Humans, Smith Pelt. It’s not their fault they think anything shiny is sharp.”
The relentless savagery of the two Goblins and Pelt was making up for the Byres’ awkwardness. Dawil was pounding the table and laughing until Pelt glanced at Rags. He clearly knew her from Orefell; even he paid attention.
Hedault, who was sitting at the table where he was suffering the presence of Suxhel and Falene’s most elevated company, glanced up sharply as Pelt suddenly stood.
“Wait a second. I never noticed—show me what’s at your side. Who made that sword?”
“What sword? I dunno what you’re talking about, Pelt. Hey, Ylawes, what about them goats, huh?”
Erin began sweating as Rags put a hand on her new sword hilt. Hedault got up, and everyone was staring at Rags—right until they turned to Erin and gave her a look.
