9.20
Page 13
However, that just prompted another Goblin to hurry over. Redscar had three swords—although he wasn’t about to put the third in his mouth. Even his teeth weren’t that strong.
Pelt recoiled as the Goblin dumped three swords on the table.
“What’s this?”
“My swords. These two.”
The Hob pointed at Garen Redfang’s famous blade and the frost one that he used in his off-hand. Then he pointed at the third sword for some reason. Hedault had gotten up, and Pelt snorted.
“You want me to do what, Goblin? Reforge…well, this one has a nice enchantment. This one is nice trash.”
He dismissed Redscar’s two personal blades, and the Goblin didn’t seem that hurt. He nodded and pointed to the third blade.
“What about this?”
The [Smith] frowned. He pulled the blade out of the sheath, then eyed the sharp blade with the faintly maroon tinge of magic that glowed if he held it up to the light.
“Eh…steel’s not that pure. Enchantment, Hedault? Looks average. Hm.”
He broke off for a second and gave the sword a longer look. Pelt, who could stare at a blade mostly in the sheath and tell you how worthless it was, frowned. Hedault was on his feet too and frowning.
“The enchantment is [Bloodletter] and [Sharpness]. Competently enough done. I would call it a Level 25 [Enchanter]’s work. Average to a Silver-rank adventurer or a low Gold-rank one.”
“Right. Right. Anything…good about it?”
Redscar’s eyes gleamed. Pelt glanced up suspiciously, and suddenly, Rags looked fascinated. Ylawes sat up despite himself, and Ysara’s ears perked up. Everyone turned to Pelt, and Numbtongue thought he realized why that third blade was special.
“It’s odd as shit.”
Pelt held up the blade, grumbling. He swung it, and half the table leaned back, then frowned.
“Not perfectly balanced, but good enough. Steel’s not perfect. But it’s—”
He suddenly dropped it and wiped a hand on his shirt. Hedault was nodding. The two artisans looked at each other and then turned to Redscar.
“…Who made that blade?”
Pelt eyed it, and Redscar smiled.
“Was wondering. Why? Anything special?”
Rags glanced at Erin, and the [Innkeeper]’s own eyes widened. Did that mean…? Pelt slowly took a huge bite of breaded mac and cheese. He chomped down a rash of bacon, reached for a handful of buttered greens, and Ysara handed him a fork. He gave her a long look, but snatched it.
“…No one forged that sword with a hammer. I can’t sense any metalwork on the blade. It’s uncanny. It’s as if something just—produced the steel, ready-made, with flaws in it. Hedault?”
“I sensed no magical…identity behind the magic either. Every [Mage] has a signature to their mana. This one has none. It is not perfect. But it is just magic, spun, without a hand to guide it.”
Both looked at Redscar, and the Goblin exhaled.
“Yeah. Guess where I got it?”
“Where?”
Redscar pointed up.
“Out of the sky. Reward from a <Quest>.”
Every head turned to Erin. Pelt slowly muttered an oath under his breath, and Hedault’s brows shot up. Ysara stared at the free magic sword in sudden fascination. Erin raised her hands. She looked from face to face and smiled nervously.
“S-so, how about Rags’ sword, huh? Fascinating.”
 
——
 
“What an inn.”
The same person repeated himself as the table broke into further arguments. That person wore dark clothing, but not midnight black. More the worn, thick, casual clothing of a man who was used to being outdoors all day at work.
That man was old Bamer, who had ears good enough to pick up on fascinating conversations around the inn. Some were cloaked, but he was…
