9.20
Page 0

There was something bittersweet about seeing them coming out the garden to cheers. Together, the [Innkeeper] and the Goblin.
And the bee, but she didn’t count. Niers noticed, of course, but only because Apista was flying. He stared blankly at her.
“Is that…fire? And here I was going to send her a leg. And a wing.”
Back to Niers. It was—it should have really been him there. Waving his hat at the audience, being part of the changing continent of Izril.
But for Belavierr, he might still be there. So Chaldion had removed him from the board on more battlefields than just the one he’d left.
It made the Titan fuming mad to lose a battle like that. The Grand Strategist had been playing, but on a different board. But mostly, Niers just looked at the image of the young woman and the Goblin as the crowd circulated around them.
“…and it looks like the [Innkeeper] has come out herself for these festivities for the new ‘Hive’ of the Antinium. Sir Relz, we know Miss Solstice, don’t we? Have we ever done a piece on her?”
The Drake in the studio appeared as the image cut back to him with a smaller image of the inn in the background. Niers scowled at Sir Relz as the Drake shuffled his papers.
“No, Noass, we have not. But perhaps now’s not the time? The Wandering Inn has Goblins, Antinium, and chaos as usual. However, now, I think the news should be on the disrupted trade cycle. I have a segment coming up where I interview a [Merchant Captain] on the supply lines across the world. Don’t miss it!”
Noass nodded rapidly, but he hesitated as he smiled into the camera. Niers gave Noass a sinister smirk, because he knew what the Drake was realizing.
“This is Noass, Channel 1 of Wistram News Network. Our favorite [Reporter], Drassi, may cover any entertainment-related incidents on Channel 2. You can switch channels with our Wistram News Network patented scrying orbs or by consulting any local Mage’s Guild affiliated with Wistram. However, I encourage you to—”
Niers changed to the channel instantly, and he assumed that went for a large amount of viewers. Oh yes, television was moving in leaps and bounds. Drassi was smirking slightly as she waved at Noass; they were in the same inn.
“Thank you, Noass. I’ll be covering this party and anything else ‘fun’ and ‘inconsequential’. Like the Antinium Crusade marching back into Liscor, whenever it happens. Light stuff. Now, let’s see what’s going on around here. Can I get an interview with Erin? Personal friend, by the way.”
He should be there. Just saying. But Niers still smiled at the sight of the familiar inn. Right until someone screamed at him.
“Titan, are you out of your mind? Head up!”
“Yes, yes. I was watching. [Covering Fire].”
He pointed, and the screaming Fraerling turned as a volley of arrows and spells loosed over the battlefield. Niers glanced up, saw the exploding green monsters bearing down on his front lines, and went back to watching.
“We have it under control.”
“Unbelievable. Is he always like this?”
The Fraerling was one of the forces assigned to the Forgotten Wing Company. She was not happy about fighting monsters a hundred times her size, but Niers was calm.
“It’s a mopup, Tallguard. Save the Skills and energy; they’ll barely reach our front.”
He was right. The green-type monsters could explode and spread a nasty ichor around, but there was something about a thousand Lizardfolk with crossbows that deterred even a few hundred of them.
