9.20
Page 23
Poisonbite, Redscar, and Taganchiel glared at Rags, but she mercilessly jabbed them awake. They had not been having fun. In fact, Rags’ rule was that if you found someone nice, you would not sully her room with it.
The reason they were sleeping four to a bed was that even with renovations, Erin’s inn could not physically house all the Goblins, adventurers, regular guests, and new staff. Even some of the guests like Qwera’s staff had to find other places or sleep multiple per bed.
Badarrow and Snapjaw got a smaller single room to themselves, but this room had two big beds—and the other one had six more Goblins sprawled out in various poses. All things considered, the Goblins had really enjoyed the accommodations.
Redscar stared out a glass window as the sun rose over the High Passes. He hmmed as Poisonbite fought over her clothes with one of her warriors.
What a strange way to live. He missed not waking up with Thunderfur, but he supposed it had some appeal. Numbtongue certainly lived like this, but as the Redfangs knew, he was a nerd.
As for Rags, she was poking everyone out of bed with a simple promise.
“Breakfast. Breakfast. Up.”
The idea of breakfast stirred her lazy Goblins, and soon they were dressing, buckling on belts, and arguing over whether they should explore the old Flooded Waters tribe cave or stay around the inn all day.
It certainly seemed like a fun vacation. However, before they filed out, Rags had an idea. She raised a claw, and Poisonbite stopped teasing Badarrow and Snapjaw, who’d come in from their private rooms.
“Hold on. I got a new Skill yesterday. I’m going to try it out. Poisonbite—stand there.”
The Goblin instantly hid behind Badarrow. No one liked being the test subject of a new Skill, and every Goblin threw themselves out of the way of the finger.
“What’s the new Skill, Chieftain?”
Redscar didn’t move as Rags grinned. The Goblin pointed at him—then nodded at Poisonbite as she aimed her second finger at the cursing Goblin.
“[The Innkeeper’s Daily Bounty].”
Poisonbite shrieked, covered her head, and ducked as she tensed—and here Rags had to admit, in hindsight, that for all her study of the common language, she still had something to learn.
Because she had assumed, quite reasonably, that there was only one word for bounty. She, personally, had only ever heard it employed one way, but that was the thing about language. Poisonbite shrieked as something struck her. She looked up—and the first egg bounced off her head with a thunk and landed on the floor.
Thunk. Thunk. Crack.
Four eggs hit Poisonbite in the head as she looked up.
“What the—”
Redscar caught one of the eggs as it bounced off Poisonbite’s forehead and she swore. They hurt! That was because, to her great surprise, as Redscar checked the cracks, he saw no oozing yolk. They were, in fact, boiled eggs.
“Eggs? Chieftain, what’s your Skill?”
“I don’t know! It said bounty, bounty!”
Eggs were raining down on poor Poisonbite, and the goblin shrieked back.
“What bounty? Egg bounty? What are you, an [Egg Bounty Hunter]?”
Someone coughed in the doorway, and all the Goblins turned. The surreptitious nerd himself, Numbtongue, was laughing at Poisonbite.
“Bounty. Bounty as in, generous. A bounty of food.”
The [Bard] grinned. Poisonbite raised an egg to throw at him, then glanced up. She swore.
“Chieft—argh.”
A ham hit her in the face, and she went down. Rags stared. It was a lot of food pouring out of the air! Was…was that ham green?
