9.20
Page 35
He tried to do a Bird and flailed his arms like he’d seen Mrsha do when she was throwing a tantrum. Lyonette stared down at him in horror and backed away. Pawn began to raise his voice…then he stopped.
Because he felt like an idiot. Slowly, he got up and felt at himself.
What was wrong with him? He recalled, very vividly, hiding in the Free Antinium’s Hive and refusing to eat or move because he was so sad that Lyonette didn’t like him.
Reach for that, you fool! Where was the Antinium who would have probably leapt out the window in despair? He didn’t feel it. He was upset, angry, and sad—
But something was missing. He looked at Lyonette, and he was angry at her. Angry because she wasn’t the person he remembered.
Then he realized Lyonette was right. And that hurt worst of all. Lyonette’s eyes began misting up as Pawn sat there.
“Lyonette. You have the power to do what you wish. You may be right. But can I ask you for one last thing?”
“What is it, Pawn?”
“Can I hug you like this?”
He spread his arms, and she stepped forwards. She didn’t hesitate, but walked forwards gently and raised her hands as if to cup his head. Then she lowered them and reached out as if they were dancing, but her grip tightened and she gazed up wordlessly. Elegant and wretched.
The [Priest] had so little of that in him. So with all four arms, he gently hugged her, as if he were embracing Heaven. But he could touch her. But he felt no certainty or faith, just a painful, comforting warmth. No ray of light from the sky. Even so, for a moment, it felt like nothing had changed until he let go. And he tried not to. Another Worker would never have, but Pawn?
He had his people to go to.
 
——
 
She wept. She wept, as if spilling all the tears out for all the broken hearts and changing of ways. Visma howled and sobbed in front of the fireplace as Pawn and Lyonette came back.
Unconsolable. She didn’t want another piece of paper.
“My p—p—my! It’s burned up! It’s gone!”
She was wailing as Ekirra ran back in. The panting Gnoll stopped as Visma cried, and Mrsha tried to give her her drawing.
“Now, now, Visma. We can do another! Oh dear, maybe you’ve had enough. At least the others can have fun?”
The children looked at the screaming Visma, and their enthusiasm waned. Ekirra himself looked at Lyonette as she fixed her eyes on him.
“Ekirra, where’s your kite?”
He should be flying the piece of paper on a string. The Gnoll scratched at his head.
“It ripped up, Miss Lyonette.”
The [Princess]’ face fell. She hurried outside and saw a piece of paper—cheap paper—was torn in half by the brisk wind. Ekirra went to pat Visma on the head.
“Can we go eat now?”
The activity was in jeopardy. Lyonette looked around as Pawn stared at the ground. At least some people knew what had happened, and Numbtongue went to solemnly pat him on the shoulder.
“I—I—I think we need to reconsider. Um. Does anyone have…?”
Lyonette looked around, an expression of concealed panic on her face. And then, she spoke.
“Does anyone have a way to rectify this situation? Please?”
She gazed around, and Pawn looked up. He met her gaze as the inn’s guests turned, and Erin smiled. The [Innkeeper] put down her quill and stretched.
Pawn? He shook Numbtongue’s hand and walked out of the inn. Lyonette turned her head to follow him, but her feet stayed where they were. And then—
Jerom spoke up.
“Here now, little Miss Drake. Don’t cry. What a terrible thing happened to you, didn’t it?”
He stifled a cough as he came over and crouched. Visma was holding the bit of emerald that Numbtongue had given to her.
