9.20
Page 15
Himilt saw Rivel tense, but he glanced at his son, and Rivel put his hands in his pockets. Bamer studiously stared at his plate, and all four heard…
Giggling. Even a normal person could have heard that. Himilt reached for a piece of melted brie that he’d actually sold to the markets and that had landed up in this inn. Perhaps I could sell it to this place directly?
But he hadn’t introduced himself to Erin Solstice. He was wary of her. Her blood whispered to him.
No…he watched as a mysterious ‘something’ lifted the piece of cheese up. Then someone else snatched a bit of herring off Colfa’s plate.
“My word, what is this?”
Colfa sounded fairly astonished, although she might have hammed it up. The giggling grew louder before a shh made the voices grow silent. Himilt made a show of half-rising, looking concerned.
“Is someone there?”
He tried not to stare at the outlines of the three giggling children, Mrsha, Ekirra, and Visma, as they stole bits of food off the tables. The other Vampires looked everywhere but Visma, who was waving the cheese around in what she thought was a spooky manner.
“Ooh. Ooooooh.”
Himilt was hoping they’d leave so he could stop pretending when a voice shouted.
“Got you, you little rats!”
Everyone in the actor’s section of the inn’s [Grand Theatre] jumped as a loud voice cut through the [Silence] spell.
Wailant Strongheart was a loud man, and he snatched Ekirra up by the scruff of the neck. Visma squeaked and turned to run, but he had her up under one arm. Mrsha bolted for it.
“Come back, you salt-[Thief]! I’ll teach you to nab my damn omelet!”
“Sir! Sir, there’s a play going on!”
Temile practically sprinted towards them. Wailant glanced up at the stage. Juliet, the Gnoll playing her, raised a paw as she looked around the balcony.
“Hush, Romeo! Do you hear that? Lower your voice, lest we be overheard!”
Wonderful improvisation. The Vampires nearly applauded that themselves as Wailant drew behind the curtain, embarrassed. Himilt rose and nodded to the others as he followed.
He was worried the unfamiliar man would take out his embarrassment and apparent wrath on the children. If he did, Himilt was sure that Erin Solstice wouldn’t stand for it.
But just in case. He saw the [Pirate] scolding the two as Viceria waved a wand, and they reappeared.
“It’s one thing to play pranks—another to ruin someone’s meal! Let alone run your grubby paws over everything! Where’s that Mrsha gone? Show yourself or it’ll be worse for you when it’s time to settle debts.”
He threatened the air as Visma gulped and stared up at the angry [Pirate]. Himilt watched, ready to grab Wailant’s raising fist, and Visma burst into tears. Himilt stepped forwards—and Wailant lowered his fist.
“Ah—I didn’t mean to shout. Don’t cry, little girl. There you go, there you go. I just meant it’s not something to be done. Especially around people with bad tempers!”
“Like you, Wailant? You’ve terrified the children! Come here, little one. Where’s your family?”
Viceria reassured Visma. Himilt exhaled as Visma clung to her, and Wailant looked embarrassed again. He snatched at the air, and a wiggling Mrsha appeared. Dame Ushar came over, and Mrsha glared defiantly at her.
Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do, huh? Go get Erin or Lyonette!
The Thronebearers had never actually done any disciplining of Mrsha, and so Mrsha the Radically Defiant had little fear of Dame Ushar.
…That was, until the Thronebearer took hold of her.
“I deeply apologize, Farmer Wailant. I will make amends with the staff. Excuse me one moment, though?”
