9.20
Page 36
“My Antinium’s gone! He was going to be named Super Star! I liked him!”
She wept, and the Antinium staff in the inn glanced at Visma once, then at the fireplace. Jerom bent down as he fumbled with something he’d been working on at the bar.
“That’s terrible. Super Star deserved better than that. I’ll tell you what—why don’t you take this and…bring him back? It’s not a piece of paper, but maybe it’ll last longer.”
He put something in Visma’s claw, and she looked down and gasped. Lyonette blinked—and covered her mouth in surprise, for there was a tiny little Worker.
“Whoa! That’s amazing!”
Troydel blinked at the piece of wood. It was a faster piece than Mrsha’s, but Jerom had carved it into a Worker so well that he had even done tiny antennae.
Naturally, the piece of wood was just plain wood with a few whorls of the tree giving it a slightly uneven texture. But Visma understood what Jerom meant.
“You mean paint this?”
“You could place it on your dresser.”
Or make it one of your dolls, Visma! It’s so good! I want one for White Paw!
Mrsha held up a notecard. She looked enviously at Visma as the other children crowded around.
“That’s so much better than stupid paper. Let me have it, Visma. I’m gonna make Soccer Man again!”
Ekirra reached for it, and Visma punched his arm.
“No! Super Star! Mrsha, come help me! I’m going to paint him all over!”
“Be careful not to mix the paints up. You have to do it very carefully.”
Someone interrupted Visma before she could dunk the piece of wood in a pot of black paint. And that was someone who knew that painting wood or metal was a delicate process that required drying, special brushes…
Troydel eyed Jerom as the innkeeper glanced up. He advised Visma to paint on her design then carefully fill in the other parts with the dark paint—so if she messed the design up, she could cover it with the shell.
“Jerom, that’s so thoughtful of you! Although, now all the other children want a permanent figurine.”
Lyonette exhaled, and Jerom looked at the children. His eyes twinkled.
“I don’t think I can work that fast, Lyonette, but it might be something, to have little figures rather than a piece of paper, wouldn’t it? I could do six more for a few of the children.”
Unfortunately, they all wanted one. Lyonette didn’t think overworking Jerom was a workable idea, but Troydel was all for it.
“You should look into that, Lyonette. Figurines are huge money.”
That caught her ear. Lyonette turned.
“You think so, Troy?”
“Everyone loves them. Can’t you hire a bunch of [Carvers]? Or if you had resin, metal, or even clay, I guess, you could cast a lot of them. Like Pallass’ forges. I’ve seen the smiths do lots of parts all at once. Although Pelt spits on them for not doing it by hand.”
Troydel was a bit of an expert. He had a collection of one of the world’s most famous…ly expensive tabletop games. He glanced up, and Lyonette felt a familiar prickle on the skin. Jerom’s own ears perked up, and Lyonette began to make rapid calculations.
“We’d need a mold…”
“There’s Skills for that. But what if you had a hundred of these figurines yay tall, and you let people paint them—and buy them for a small profit? I could try to arrange that. I know some good people with metalwork, and Pallass is a second away, isn’t it?”
“It’s definitely profitable. Hey, can I get in on this? Copyright? Trademark?”
Troy got up excitedly, but the [Princess] and [Innkeeper] ignored him. They were getting excited, and someone whispered across the inn.
“Nerd. Neeeeerd.”
