9.20
Page 2
Liska was trying to shade her eyes. Even in the checkpoint, with the guards, the Gnoll was…sparkling? She was reflecting light like a radiant beacon.
Qwera, the Golden Gnoll of Izril, sniffed as she eyed the inn’s portal operation.
“Some place. Hey, Ysara, get in here! Do I step through?”
She gingerly stepped through the door as the crowd oohed. One of the [Merchants] had come to make a profit in the coming days.
The Golden Gnoll dropped a shower of gold and silver into a bucket that Liska had put out, and the other Gnoll quickly stowed it in a bag of holding before anyone got any ideas. Qwera sniffed the air.
“The bazaar hasn’t started yet, has it?”
“I—I don’t know, Miss. Um—you’re a [Merchant], right?”
Qwera gave Liska a long look as a Human woman wearing a sword and silver-style clothing strolled through the door with a bunch of helpers. Then the door portal flickered out. Liska groaned along with the crowd as Qwera spun.
“Door’s out. Mages?”
“I’m tapped.”
A sweaty young Drake was drinking a mana potion. He looked around.
“We’ll need to wait for more. Let me tell the Mage’s Guild.”
“Is my crew safe? How long till the door’s back up?”
Qwera demanded, and Liska nearly screamed—until a Gnoll poked his head out.
“I sensed a disturbance. Liska?”
Ishkr gave her an accusing look, then spotted Qwera. His eyes widened. He instantly stepped forwards.
“Door’s out? You, please send a [Message] spell telling the Mage’s Guild we need someone in five minutes or less. Everyone, we will have a ten minute wait! Hello, Miss Merchant. Are you waiting for the bazaar? It’s open tomorrow—accommodations are listed here.”
He had a piece of parchment which had begun to circulate. Liska had had one, but someone had walked off with it.
It listed every inn and place to stay in the cities as well as upcoming events. Qwera snatched it as she sniffed.
“That’s more like it.”
“Ishkr. I’m dying here! I need help! I need organization!”
For once, her older brother didn’t snap at her. He just looked at the door and sighed.
“I agree. I can’t fix it.”
“Don’t leave me!”
She almost clung to his shoulder, but he just waved her back.
“I’ll ask Lyonette to talk to Liscor. We’ll ask them to send whomever managed the door last time. Hang on for twenty minutes. Then you’ll show them the job for forty. Break for the day in an hour, okay?”
“Okay.”
He vanished out the door as Qwera raised her brows. Ysara Byres had been eying the ramshackle operation of the door, but she whispered to Qwera.
“That’s one calm worker. Mrsha must not have been lying about how chaotic the inn is. Or Krshia. Do you smell them?”
“Do I look like a [Tracker]? Mrsha’s about, but there’s a sea of people around. Do you think your sister and brother are here?”
“Yvlon? Yes. Ylawes…well, that’ll be fun.”
Ysara did not smile. Qwera bared her teeth.
“At least we’ll get to see the [Innkeeper] of renown. Alright, let’s wait for my team. Are we staying here or…?”
“Depends on if the inn has rooms. What are the odds it’s not full to bursting?”
 
——
 
Good, actually. The Wandering Inn was doing mad traffic in people, but few thought to ask for rooms. Mostly because—who would stay in an inn filled with Goblins?
A lot of visitors who had come to see the Antinium took one look at the Goblins in the common room and decided to find another inn on the list. But some stayed. It was a kind of deterministic selection: if you weren’t cool with the Goblins, you really wouldn’t like the rest of what the inn had to offer.
Ishkr had just gone out to check on Liska when he tapped Lyonette on the shoulder. She jumped.
