9.20
Page 51
It was the same thing that Niers and the other opponents that Correy had ‘beaten’ had sensed. It was one thing to ask for advice. When Altestiel met Erin on the board, the Lord of the Dance was talking to him on one side, Kiish reading out fellow [Strategists]’ input in the other ear.
But it was still a joint effort, a communal victory or one person taking help. There was a difference between even that and letting someone else do all the work. Letting a computer play for you. Erin turned her head away, and Correy got mad. He leaned over the board.
“Hey! I’m w—”
The [Innkeeper]’s eyes flashed. Then Correy shouted, and his scrying orb went dark. A flash of light bloomed—and the laptop exploded. She blinked, but Challenger #23 vanished. The only sound she heard before the feed cut was someone else—a young man?
He was laughing in a high-pitched cackle. The [Clown] howled with laughter amid the screams and Correy’s shouts of pain.
“Did…did I do that?”
Erin gulped. She didn’t think so. And if she didn’t do that—she saw Nerry staring up at her, as wide-eyed as Ulvama.
A bunch of potential cheaters eyed her face…and slowly put away their various cheating implements.
 
——
 
She was insane. Drassi’s Channel 2 news was breaking records—again. Even the famous summit with the Arbiter Queen hadn’t done this well—because the news was becoming something people tuned into.
However—what was significant about this wasn’t just the games themselves, but how people were interacting. It was almost as fun to watch people getting mad about Erin or hearing alternate takes.
“She has to be cheating herself. There is no way a Human can beat every person who’s gone up against her. She’s not even old! Her brain isn’t half as big as—as a Gorgon’s!”
A Lizardfolk woman was ranting after being kicked out of the second-rung of her tournament. Some people were also pointing to Erin’s use of Skills as clear proof that this was all rigged.
Others were just mad because most of the opponents making it to Erin were Humans or humanoid. Another Lizardfolk grabbed the magical microphone.
“This is a conspiracy! I’ve been counting, and do you know how many Lizardfolk got to play that Human? Two! Umina and one of our Lamias! Two out of twenty! Everyone else is a Human!”
“What about Tulm the Mithril?”
The [Mage] doing the interviews had to ask. The Lizardman scowled.
“Practically Human!”
“Fetohep of Khelt? He’s undead!”
“Still a Human!”
“The Quarass?”
At this point, the Lizardman hesitated.
“Uh—well, she’s Human right now!”
“What about the Antinium who faced Erin first?”
“Stop saying things that refute my point.”
Not everyone was a fan of Erin Solstice when all was said and done, for reasons that were better or worse depending on the logic involved. However, for every person complaining?
 
——
 
“Well, well, well. So my opponent is none other than the famous Feshi of the Gnoll Tribes?”
If Erin Solstice were flashy enough in her games with her opponents, her aura was still mostly confined to people who sat down against her. Drassi had tried to show the audience what it looked like to play against Erin. But the scrying orb only caught…flashes.
Like a flash of a distant lunar battleground—a vision—flickering across the air. Or those black wings, Void Dragonfire, or the hints of laughter running around her.
Which was making some people think she was a Dragon. No, no, think about it. Who knew how to play chess that well? She had magical fire, right? And she just happened to start an inn outside Liscor? Who survives crossbow bolts? Dragons.
