9.20
Page 44
“Your Majesty, every single [Strategist] and [Tactician] over Level 20 in Desonis. No, most won’t make it to the finals, but we need to flood the competition because there will be too many to play past otherwise. And they might level from the contest alone! Play yourself! Kiish and I will be entering the bracket in a half-an-hour, but I need to—”
He was headed to a neighboring kingdom that he’d been passing through. Location! Altestiel cursed not riding or finding an inn. But if he was going up against…
Erin? No, the Grandmaster of Scales, he needed more than to just be rested. He needed someone to bounce ideas off of.
And it was clear his only ally in the area had thought the same thing.
Lord Belchaus, the Lord of the Dance, came storming up the road towards Altestiel and whirled his horse around in a quick u-turn.
“Altestiel! Get to my manor! We need to compare notes! I have stamina potions, boards set up—are we allowed to practice or get help while playing her?”
“There’s no rule against it! Do you have any intellect potions?”
“No, but I’m sending for a [Tutor]!”
“Brilliant! When’s your game?”
“In an hour! Are we competing with each other?”
Altestiel didn’t know. He bared his teeth.
“I think—we had better plan on working together! If we’re going to take her down, it might have to be through exhaustion!”
They were speaking like she was some great monster to be slain. Like a Dragon! But if what he’d seen was true—she’d beaten Dragons. Erin Solstice was playing chess as he watched, and he would have felt a twisting in his stomach that she’d lose before he even got a chance.
But as he watched, she was taking on the first local champion of Liscor and any thoughts about the unfair system of the tournament was lost. Because if anything, the people playing her first games were the unlucky ones.
 
——
 
Thousands of people in Liscor had picked up a chess board after hearing about the quest. And the eighty gold pieces. Even if they had only played once or watched the game—why not give it a shot?
They organized in vast queues, playing each other, trying to psyche the others out, and using Skills liberally. The only cheating was asking another player to literally play for them.
But Skills? Skills were free-game, and the winners of each bracket would clash with each other as they rose in the rankings. International players who’d won their regional brackets squared off, but Liscor’s local tourney concluded fastest.
Who won the first tournament? Olesm was signed up for a scrying orb game, so he wasn’t participating.
But Wil, Venaz, and Merrik had signed up for the first tourney. If they lost, they could enter a later bracket and work their way up to Erin. They had reasoned that the only good players were Gireulashia, Bird, and possibly Klbkch the Slayer or a local [Strategist]. Pallass had its own game, so there was no one else, right?
In came Belgrade. Straight through the door that led to Liscor’s army. The chess games were so intense it was like watching him come in, pick up a chair from the inn, and beat Wil to death with it. Then he ran over Merrik.
Venaz was struggling. Gireulashia had gotten lucky with the Silverfang Gnolls who’d all queued up with her, but he had run into a bunch of Antinium.
Even if not all of them were as good as he was—they played far too well for amateurs. He was sweating as one took him down to trading his queen for a sacrificial play that netted him the closing checkmate. He got a bit of breathing room the next game.
“How did you get this far?”
