9.20
Page 32
Those Thronebearers. They had truly ruined what should have been a happy reunion. Because of them, Pawn and Lyonette couldn’t do what they had done in secret and private.
Sit and read stories together, talk, cuddle, other stuff, and Pawn missed that. He had missed Lyonette greatly.
He just felt like she had been avoiding him because this was one of their first long talks together. So he was happy.
Happy—in the way he imagined an Eater Goat might be, skipping along under a boulder teetering over a cliff high, high above.
Now, why did he think that? Lyonette flashed him a smile.
“We’ll have to make this quick, Pawn. The children are doing their Antinium painting, and it’s going well—I think we’ll set up a booth after all today and tomorrow.”
She hesitated as Visma’s wail came from below.
“Oh dear. That was Visma. Maybe there are complications.”
“We have not had much time, Lyonette. I know you are very busy putting on this party—but I have missed you.”
He took her hands, or tried to. Lyonette was busying herself at the mirror, walking around her room, checking her hair.
“I have too, Pawn. I’m very sorry Lormel and the others are getting in the way. You didn’t have to curse him, you know.”
“I wanted to talk to you. I was angry. I lost my temper.”
Pawn felt vaguely bad about it, but that sense in the air was growing worse. He smiled, or tried to—then felt something else tug at his mind.
“I wish I could have helped with your party planning. I think your painting of the Antinium shells is a good idea. On paper, with children and adults.”
“Thank you, Pawn! Yes, I wish you could have been there too.”
She flashed him a distracted smile, and Pawn went on carefully as Lyonette fiddled with some earrings.
“I think it is good because people will see how the Antinium are unique and how being Painted Antinium matters.”
“Exactly!”
“And I believe the Free Antinium support this idea as did I.”
“That’s wonderful.”
“Which is why I know you would have asked a Painted Antinium or me for our feedback, but you were so busy you were unable to.”
This time, the [Princess] stopped with a tiny opal earring in one hand and turned. Pawn stared at her and then looked out the window, following her gaze. He looked back at her and saw how her gaze slid past him. It lingered for a moment on his face, and then she was staring at an autograph of all the Players of Celum on her wall. As if she couldn’t quite look at him.
That—hurt, and he didn’t know what was wrong with her eyes. Or him? Was something on him?
“I—I just wanted to put on something entertaining, Pawn.”
“I know. That is why I was not angry. But Krshia Silverfang did not want her Gnolls to be a game. I am more fine than she was.”
“I’m not trying to take anything from anyone! It can be positive for everyone!”
“Yes. That is my point. Do not be defensive, Lyonette. I am agreeing.”
The [Princess] hesitated and reddened. She tossed her head and then spoke more quietly.
“And how are the Antinium doing, Pawn? Now that the Crusade is—a separate Hive? Has it changed things?”
Pawn nodded. He opened his hands, clenched them, and rubbed at his eyes gently, folding two arms and sighing. As he did so often these days.
“So many. Now it seems like there are Free Antinium, Painted Antinium, and [Crusaders]. That is better than it was before, but more…complex. Does that make sense? We are all Antinium, but they are so different from even me. Zimrah…I do not know her. I grieve for her, but she wants to be what she is.”
Lyonette came over and rested a hand on his shoulder.
