9.20
Page 25
The inn was opening to regular customers for breakfast, so Erin glumly munched on bisque as her friends ate, then she switched over to real food. But the chaos of yesterday was turning into real energy today.
“Free green eggs! Just peel ‘em and eat! Genius. They have food inside them! Why don’t we carry these, Suxhel?”
Lehra waved around the eggs, which were filled with treats, like a devilled egg yolk or cheese or bits of bacon. Suxhel answered out of the corner of her mouth.
“Because they’ve already been cooked. Take them with you on a trip and they’ll rot.”
“Oh. Well—hiyah!”
The Gnoll karate-chopped the egg in half, and Emper blocked a fragment of eggshell as it spun towards his face. Lehra’s team gave her such glowers that she hunched over and began to eat like an adult.
However, Erin grinned and forgave Lehra for yesterday. She was such a funny Named-rank adventurer! Unfortunately, Lehra was enough for everyone by herself—but this was The Wandering Inn.
The guests got stupid. Garia Strongheart was staying here, having never left the group, and when she tried to copy the chop, she struck her plate so hard she split it in half, flipped half her table up, and took Numbtongue out as the edge of his table rocketed up and slapped him on the chin. Mrsha stared as Garia bent over him, apologizing. Then she got up in her chair and performed a headbutt straight into her plate.
“Mrsha!”
Qwera looked amused, Lyonette horrified. Ylawes, who was silent this morning, stared at the worst manners he had ever seen—straight until Dawil joined the scolding.
“That’s not what you do at a table, Miss Mrsha. Watch.”
He took a boiled egg and cracked it over his forehead. Like a gentleman. Rags’ Skill was clearly meant for a tribe, so there was food to spare.
In fact, there was so much that Moore was eating his fill for once, but Seborn was adamant about not even touching the green stuff.
“I grew up on a ship. Sometimes, provisions rotted, and that was all we had. I’ve eaten actual green ham. No. And no.”
Nanette peeked at Seborn as she nibbled at a magical croissant roll. She was timid, but even Nerry the lamb seemed to like the day’s food. However—to Inkar’s mild chagrin, she was eating an entire rash of bacon.
“Don’t worry, Sariant Lambs eat anything people do.”
Tkrn assured her, and Inkar nodded uneasily.
“I know—deer eat baby birds. But she looks happy.”
She was beginning to pick up on Nerry’s advanced intelligence, and that, more than anything, made the girl used to animals uneasy. However, her comment provoked a coughing fit at another table.
“Deer don’t eat birds. What are you talking about?”
Joseph grinned as Inkar gave him a strange look.
“Yes they do. Cows too. And horses.”
“Nah, that’s when they’re sick. They’re herbivores.”
“Who eat meat. When they need the nutrients.”
“…They don’t eat meat. Kevin, back me up.”
“Dude. I’m not an animal expert. Inkar is. Deer eat birds? That’s gross, man. Too bad you didn’t download Wikipedia onto your stuff. Inkar—how was the trip? I’ve got a bike for you if you want to try it.”
Inkar smiled at Kevin shyly; the Earthers had a camaraderie, even if they didn’t know each other.
“Thank you. Can Tkrn ride with me?”
“Hey, you got it. Anything for you two.”
Kevin nodded at Inkar and turned back to his tablemates, Joseph and Bird—the Antinium’s mouth was open.
“Bird? Hey buddy, what’s up?”
“I have competition? More competition? I thought horses were an ally!”
