9.20
Page 47
“I could use my laptop. I want to log this game—what are you doing?”
“Nothing! Just win this one, Antal. And if you don’t…”
“What are you doing with my chess program? If you’re going to cheat—”
“Run for it!”
A group of laughing young men and women ran, and Antal, cursing, got up. But then his chess game began, and he sat, biting his tongue. He began playing, but much to his dismay, whomever he was playing was close to his level or…
They had Skills he didn’t. It was like they had a predictive software of their own. Antal had to forfeit, and he sat back.
Chess—wasn’t like how a lot of newcomers thought it was. Erin’s claim of winning every match was incredible. True, if she was really the world’s best, then it was likely you’d draw a lot of games. But she was just aiming to win.
Now he saw that she had the benefit of Skills, it made sense. She was affecting her opponents on a psychological level. If they were relying on their own Skills—and she took them away—she was effectively someone with a much higher chess level crushing people who were using crutches.
It was like everyone had a chess bot they could sometimes use for pivotal moves. Which was cheating, and he quite understood why some would call this entire tournament rigged. Different rules for a different world.
Cheating in the world of chess…well, if Antal had the inclination to cheat, and he did not, he knew that all you needed at the highest level was a move or two. Not to cheat the entire game, but to have a perfect move at a decisive point in the match?
He supposed that could lead him to beat Grandmasters consistently if he had that. Which was why Skills were so upsetting to the fair game. However, that was also contingent on them being the best moves.
Chess was a game that favored AI. In that a computer could always, always win over a regular person because it could calculate optimal moves where they could not. Some Grandmasters could and did make machine-perfect moves, but not for an entire game.
A computer could. Most chess programs weren’t that powerful, especially ones built into a computer. But an artificial intelligence could beat even the ‘best’ mind.
He wondered what would happen if Erin ran into his laptop. Or…someone else.
 
——
 
Challengers #22 and #23 were odd. Erin’s games with each challenger were quick. Even if they took a long time, she was playing them in rapid lightning matches.
[Immortal Moments].
…But she was growing tired. She had run straight into Niers in her 4th match. The Titan of Baleros had pulled out every single Skill he thought he could use.
She had activated [Path to Victory]. Against him! He’d been forced to change his strategy in some way or lose—and Chaldion had been opponent #8.
The Cyclops of Pallass’ own Skill led him straight into a trap. His [Path to Victory] turned into an illusion.
 
[Temporary Skill Assigned: All Plans Fall to Dust And Ruin (Chess)]
 
That had been when her opponents realized she could appear with a Skill that not only trumped theirs, but deceived their actual Skills.
If they had one consolation, it was this: Erin Solstice would lose.
She might have been boosted every time she sat down in a challenge match, but the mortal body was weaker. Erin Solstice was visibly tired after the 20th game against the Blighted King, but her game was still as sharp as a blade.
Earl Altestiel, Eldavin, Viscount Visophecin—they were just among the twenty-one players she’d brought low. Soon, though…she might begin slipping up. How many games until she fell over? Of course, all she had to do was lose once.
