9.20
Page 19
Fierre glumly provided intelligence to someone else who wanted intelligence on a ‘Jerom’—he looked familiar, or rather, his blood felt familiar, but she didn’t ask questions of Lyonette’s people. She took a report on a theft from a [Merchant] and sent a notification to the Merchant’s Guild—as if they didn’t know who had it already and weren’t negotiating.
And then the most interesting visitor of the day walked in, eyed the Golem, and took a seat. Fierre stopped and stared, a fork raised. Indeed, even the people waiting outside had gone quiet. They backed up because even if they were ‘permitted’, the sight of a dozen Goblins, most Hobs, appearing on the quiet street alarmed even Invrisil’s rogues.
Redscar, Badarrow, and Snapjaw had joined Poisonbite’s team to escort a single person into Fierre’s office. Rags nodded to Fierre.
“Evening.”
Technically, it was night, but the greeting completely caught the Vampire off-guard. She gulped.
“You’re Chieftain Rags, aren’t you?”
In her office? Of course, she’d intended to meet Rags, and she knew she was a friend of The Wandering Inn and Erin, but—the Goblin was eying Fierre’s cabinets with great interest. She sniffed at the remains of the pie, then spoke.
“I am. Do you know me?”
Fierre blinked and hesitated. The Goblin had to know who she was, so despite her panic, she found a piece of paper and read from it.
“Flooded Waters Tribe? High Passes, estimated at least six thousand Goblins, high-level Hobs, some possibly over Level 30. Ogres and Carn Wolf auxiliaries, and it’s estimated at a Level 40+ infiltration job? No huge…worthwhile goods aside from monster parts.”
Rags raised her brows. She looked impressed.
“40+ to steal from us?”
“No, 40+ for infiltration means to get in and out without someone getting killed. You can force it below the issue, but it’s our benchmark.”
“Ah. Hm. Not bad.”
Rags looked vaguely pleased at the appraisal. Fierre fumbled with the paper. This was incredible. A Goblin in Invrisil?
Wasn’t that insane? But no—she knew there were Goblins in the underworld, and let’s assume you were the Watch. If you saw some people with hoods on down the street, you might be curious, but you wouldn’t assume they were Goblins.
Yet only this Goblin would be so bold! Fierre flashed back to the Kraken Eater Goblins who’d gotten loose, and she wondered if she were in danger.
Heh. I’m not the one in danger, she is! Fierre was confident—right until she looked up and saw Rags watching her. The Goblin made her nervous, despite being short and Fierre having a Golem nearby.
“You’re Fierre. Erin told me about you.”
“She did? Oh, so that’s how you found me?”
Rags shook her head.
“No. I knew about you. [Rogues] know you as one of Invrisil’s Openers. When I asked, Normen told me you were good. Reliable.”
Now that made Fierre blush slightly. If a Brother said it, that was a recommendation worth a lot! She wondered if he’d let her quote him.
“Well—I do my best. And I am an Opener. Ahem. Excuse me, I’ve never had a Goblin as a client. Can I…help you?”
Rags narrowed her eyes slightly.
“I think so. So I know—I pay you for whatever information I need.”
“Information, connections, secrets, weak spots—even blueprints, plans. I can get you anything, but remember—you never saw me. That’s the rules around here. Not that anyone writes them down, but it’s about trust. Gold up front—and if I cross you, my reputation and life is on the line.”
It felt weird saying all that out loud, but Fierre felt like it was necessary. Rags thought about this.
“Hm. Anyone ever try to kill you?”
