9.20
Page 4
Jerom saw Lyonette’s glance and smiled.
“It’s a long story. We all have stories like that, I’m sure, Miss Lyonette.”
“Of course, Mister Jerom. I am delighted to meet you.”
He was a thin man, probably due to being confined in bed all day, but Lyonette could see how Agnes had fallen for him three times. He looked, well, like someone who could fit in Calanfer’s top staff.
Handsome, with a strong chin and a twinkle in those pale sapphire eyes. He even seemed graceful—if that were marred by moments of weakness. His hair was swept back in a greying curl.
Whomever he had been, Lyonette was sure he’d been good at his job of being likable. But all that was marred by his weakened state.
For all that—Jerom clearly was talented. He had been a good enough cook to keep Agnes’ inn running despite—Agnes. And even here, he took a drink from the cup and grimaced.
“I should head back whenever you’re ready, Ulia. Agnes will need help. But this inn is fascinating. The rec rooms, that weights room?”
He sighed about, and Ulia smiled.
“What if I sent some helpers to Agnes’ inn? Just one or two. You can take your leisure.”
“That’s extremely kind of you. Are you sure?”
He looked reluctant, and Ulia smiled and winked at Lyonette.
“If you help me win a few coins at the card table, perhaps. You haven’t had time to meet him, Miss Lyonette, but Jerom is a fantastic cards player. Very good with his hands cooking and in other ways. Don’t you carve as well?”
I just bet he is. Lyonette smiled, but she blinked as Jerom produced something with an embarrassed smile.
“Hardly good. I’m confined to bed, so it’s reading or something else. I picked up the class and—well, I was going to present Miss Solstice with this.”
Lyonette gasped. She stared down at a tiny, hand-cut figurine. Of Mrsha! The little Gnoll even had spiked fur, notched delicately with a tiny blade, and she was prowling around on all fours, sniffing at the air.
Jerom had even added mini indentations like whiskers. Lyonette exclaimed.
“Mister Jerom, this is the most beautiful—this is fantastic!”
“As I understand it, you’re the one who takes care of Miss Mrsha. Please, if you don’t think it’s a burden—”
He offered her the figurine, and Lyonette accepted it. She smiled at him.
“Thank you, sir! This is a delight.”
He nodded, and Lyonette thought that if the inn in Celum never worked out, she could send him to Riverfarm. Laken Godart had a [Carver] of his own, but the man, while good, was, uh…
Spitty.
Maybe not. Jelov the [Carver] and Jerom the mysterious [Innkeeper]? Too close. He’d have to change his name a third time.
But that was the kind of thing happening in the inn right now. While it was true that the grand party was more of a ramp-up, there was already a kind of meeting of peoples that would otherwise never go together that was generating excitement enough.
Not for Drassi, perhaps. The [Reporter] actually didn’t linger long in the inn once it became clear Erin wasn’t going to be interviewed. She found Rags for a short moment, but she’d had her interview with Rags. So—Drassi was off to her new studio to give a talk with the Singer of Terandria.
She’d be back tomorrow. Meanwhile? Lyonette was almost glad that Erin hadn’t taken over when she came back from the garden.
This was Lyonette’s big event, and she wanted to prove she could do it alone. She felt nervous, but she squared her shoulders and got back to work. Erin?
For the first day, Erin sat with the Goblins. She hugged Badarrow and stayed with them. Goblins before all. But the meetings between people were not isolated just to Goblins.
 
——
 
