9.20
Page 53
He was one of the world’s top players. Which astonished anyone outside of Rhir. The Lizardman’s complaint wasn’t entirely unjustified.
Of the best players—the Blighted King, Eldavin, and the Titan of Baleros were among the finest. Added to that, the Lord of the Dance and one more.
Archmage Feor was the last of the five best players that Magnolia Reinhart had once vouchsafed to Erin Solstice. All five men had lost.
Even the Blighted King’s Skills lost against Erin. Eldavin? She had beaten him once before. Their games were among the best, but Erin Solstice was not losing.
—In fact, when the Archmage of Elves waited for his turn, heart pounding, ready to greet her, he saw the oddest sight.
Challenger #46 saw Erin Solstice blearily walking around the inn, gulping down coffee, as she yawned. But then a cheering group of people had her on the floor.
Doing pushups. Feor watched as a group of Redfangs shouted, trying to give what they thought was a boost to Erin’s energy.
“Five! Six! Faster! Harder! Stronger!”
Redscar was screaming at Erin. The [Innkeeper] was screaming back.
“Stop making me do pushups! I hate exercise!”
It was the silliest thing in the world, and when she saw Feor staring at her, she turned beet red. But there she was.
Like Niers, no—like no one before, Erin Solstice was dead center in the news, doing what she did best. Which was, when you got down to it, chess. She wiped sweat from her brow, sat down, and smiled.
“Hey, is it Archmage Feor! Wow! This is amazing! Ceria—hey Ceria, Falene, look!”
She turned to Ceria and Falene, and both half-Elves pretended they didn’t know her. Erin was meeting people that she had heard of only as famous names. Eldavin, Tulm, the Blighted King…
But not Magnolia Reinhart. The reason was simple. Magnolia was watching the chess games, but she had declined to participate. Mostly because she had a fairly good idea how well she would do without obvious Skills that would lean on the competition and make her look unfortunate.
However—she was smiling. In that exasperated way she had when she watched Erin do anything, but with some genuine admiration.
Now, that was not to say that Magnolia was not part of this entire affair. Heavens, no. Lord Tyrion Veltras and the other Five Families might have lacked the, ah, chess acumen to make it to face Erin Solstice.
With the exception of Lord Deilan El. But Magnolia Reinhart was a [Lady]. She knew how to invite herself into the right situations even lacking the pure chess ability of some, and she could manufacture that moment herself.
“…It seems as though Archmage Feor is quite taken with Miss Solstice. Did she ask if he ‘got her letter’? My word, she is speaking to everyone.”
She lightly fanned herself as she turned to address the rest of her panel. Which was Queen Jecaina, a terrified Yerranola, Drassi herself, a very pleased King Reclis of Calanfer, and yes, in deference to Lizardfolk fury, Lamia Tusxe, a mercenary commander on Rhir.
They were providing commentary, and unlike Jecaina’s more clinical trial, this wasn’t about law. In fact, instantly, King Reclis leaned forwards.
He was just as good as Magnolia.
“Please, Lady Reinhart. Are you insinuating that Miss Solstice is in a…clandestine literary affair with more than just the Titan of Baleros?”
“Your Majesty of Calanfer, what are you suggesting? There’s nothing untoward about letters. If there were, Erin would be in bed with half a dozen [Kings] and some [Queens].”
“Really?”
