9.20
Page 3
“Ishkr? What’s up?”
“The door’s out of power again. I sent for more [Mages], and we will need to contact the Council for their staff. Liska cannot handle this alone. Nor are the Goblins and Antinium ready for that job.”
Lyonette bit her tongue.
“Damn. That’s the one job they cannot do. Alright, I will task Ser Sest with that. Thank you, Ishkr.”
He nodded, and she wondered how he was managing to do this. She had never seen someone move so fast!
They needed to give him a raise. And hold onto him! Some of the [Innkeepers] still loitering about looked just as impressed with Ishkr. But then—if The Wandering Inn was still weak organizationally, it did have capable talent.
Like Ser Sest, who was already halfway towards the door. He didn’t even have to be asked; he’d just heard Lyonette speak.
“On my way, Miss Lyonette.”
He passed by Miss Agnes, whose eyes bugged out at his golden armor. Her husband, Mister Jerom, murmured.
“Now there’s a serving staff that’d attract the eye, eh, Agnes?”
He laughed, then coughed. She patted his hand and smiled nervously. She didn’t quite look at Lyonette.
“Yes, dear. We should be getting back to the inn. Or I should. We’ll have business—but you just sit here for a moment. Can…can someone help him back? I should, but I must get to The Frenzied Hare now—”
She had a staff, but she was dithering, and someone spoke up.
Ulia, owner of another inn in Celum, Blazehound, turned to Agnes.
“You go ahead, Agnes. Jerom and I will head back.”
“Oh, thank you. Goodbye—Lyonette—”
Agnes glanced at Lyonette, and the [Princess] managed a smile.
“Best of luck, Miss Agnes. Sir, are you alright?”
“Quite alright. I just have a cough. It doesn’t go away, but I’m not abed. I was last fall—I was too cold, and it took me out for months. But for Miss Solstice…what a wonderful inn. And it is a pleasure to meet you, Miss Lyonette. I have to apologize, again, for any unpleasantness and thank you for—”
He shook her hand earnestly as she called for a cup of something. Ishkr appeared with a mug of goat’s milk and vanished. Jerom sipped from it.
He was so—nice—that Lyonette was slightly aghast. And embarrassed. She assured him there was no ill will. He was reasonable, calm, if sickly, and she remembered meeting him once before, but even when Erin had been in the inn, she had barely seen Agnes’ husband.
“It’s Jerom, isn’t it? Or Ronald? Cecil? I, ah, didn’t quite know if you existed. Not that Miss Agnes didn’t bring you up quite often to Erin!”
He laughed at that.
“Oh, that. I’m afraid that’s my fault. When Agnes and I first met, I was called Cecil. Then, we went out, and I had to find work further north. When I came back, I was using Ronald as my name. I headed south—actually past Liscor. I worked around there and came back as Jerom. All three times, Agnes didn’t quite remember me until I reintroduced myself.”
“You had three names, Jerom? Why in the world? I used to joke with Timbor that you didn’t exist and Agnes was just pretending she had a husband. Pardon me, but it was funny.”
Ulia looked fascinated, and Jerom coughed into a hand.
“Past jobs, Ulia. It’s a long story.”
No it wasn’t. Lyonette’s eyes sharpened, and she saw Ser Lormel glance up. He took one look at Jerom, and he clearly realized the same thing Lyonette did.
Jerom was a former [Spy]. That or he had some kind of job that required you to change names. And there were precious few like that.
Now Lyonette thought of it—she only knew one person who had poor lungs and an endemic weakness that couldn’t be solved by healing potions. And that was Mihaela Godfrey, who had been…poisoned…
