9.20
Page 45
Mrsha the Squire of Chess had beaten Relc, Menolit, and Visma to get to her spot. She cracked her knuckles as Venaz set up the board.
…Punting the Gnoll into the far wall in a metaphorical sense gave Venaz the chance to relax. Mrsha flipped the board in rage as she sulked off. He turned—and saw Belgrade dueling Rags.
The two were going at it like lightning, and the Goblin and the Antinium were good. Venaz eyed them, then frowned as he heard a howl.
“No! I lost! Mrshaaaaaa!”
Gire went crying to Mrsha, and the two hugged each other. They were joined by a sobbing Bird. Venaz twisted in his seat.
Gireulashia and Bird were both taken out of their bracket? He had assumed one would knock the other out after a tough game. But then Venaz found it was going to be him or his opponent versus what looked like Belgrade for a shot against Erin.
Rags was growling, but Belgrade was using his Skills, and Rags’ weren’t strategy oriented. Poisonbite kept trying to massage her Chieftain’s shoulders and distracting Rags.
So who had knocked Gire and Bird out? The opponent went to sit down, and Venaz eyed an unknown Antinium.
“Greetings. I am Venaz of Minos. Who are you?”
The Worker stared at him. He was no Painted Antinium, and Venaz’s first thought was that he was up against a [Crusader]. Or Garry?
No. The Worker had taken out Garry and everyone else. When the mandibles opened, Venaz’s blood ran cold. For it sounded like six voices were speaking through the Worker.
“We are the Queens of the Antinium.”
He looked up—and the Unitasis Network was flickering through the Worker. Six Queens were combining their intelligence. Then Venaz felt his skin crawl as an aura began pressing down at him.
“[Predictive Analysis].”
The Worker whispered. Venaz employed his own Skills.
[Unpredictable Insight]. He thought he saw a flaw in their thinking. What if he opened up with a side-charge from one of the knights? Then—the opening vanished.
Six minds were working in unison. The Minotaur slowly looked up as the Worker smiled. After all—even if they were divided, what if you could get six levels for the price of one?
“F-foul! I’m facing more than one opponent.”
“It’s not against the rules. I’ve played the Antinium before. Do your best, Venaz.”
Belgrade was staring at the Queens as Erin Solstice waited. She was eying the Queens. And she knew they would be her final opponent, Belgrade or not.
It wasn’t just that they were six working as one—it was the intimidation factor. The Queens had a presence, a combined weight through their vessel. It pushed at Venaz. He was good enough to deal with it, but he was an inferior player who tried to go for speed to unsettle his opponents’ decisive moves.
They were six minds linked. Queens who could command a battlefield. In a sense, it was like watching them give Venaz a spanking. However—Belgrade was very good.
He fell to the intimidation aspect. The Queens pushed at him mentally, and he shook with nerves. His game began with a strike across the center of the board but lost momentum and fell apart. The Queens had an iron defense and fell for no tricks or casual mistakes—it was like they were checking each other’s moves, and so they never missed a weak point in their game.
Erin wondered if they were better than early computers. She sat across the Queens in a televised game.
 
——
 
Antinium versus a Human. Queens—Silvenia watched.
“Well. That’s certainly not fascinating.”
