9.20
Page 7
But then the Antinium marching to the inn for their food, the people of Liscor, and the inn itself experienced a revelation.
For there was a shining figure upon a hill. She stood like a golden messiah, light glancing off her painted fur. The Golden Gnoll shone, and Mrsha dropped her fries. Ekirra bent down to eat them off the grass, but looked up as Mrsha began racing over. Her snuffly nose began to run again, and she was a blubbery mess before she was halfway there.
It’s you! It’s you! She raced at Qwera, leapt up, and the Gnoll blocked Mrsha’s head with her paw.
“Gross. Someone get me a handkerchief.”
She fished one out of her belt pouch as Mrsha landed, and then the Gnoll found one paw picking her up. A piece of cloth wiped at Mrsha’s face, and then she glanced up, and Qwera grinned.
“Look at you, you silly girl. Did you miss me that much?”
For answer, Mrsha hugged her. Then looked at Ysara and Vetn in astonishment. The [Armored Merchant] patted Mrsha on the head, and the Gnoll beamed at Vetn, who shyly waved at her.
“I told you she’d remember us, Qwera!”
“I wouldn’t bother. There, there. Stop crying. It’s not like we were even gone more than a month.”
But I love you guys! Mrsha reached out as Gire raced over and beamed at the others.
“Vetn, Qwera, Ysara, hello! I had no idea you had arrived! Where’s Tesy?”
She noticed the absence of the [Magical Painter], and Qwera rolled her eyes.
“Off causing mischief in another city. Vetn would be too, but I needed a [Thief] to stop a [Thief]. When we heard about the bazaar, I picked up the pace. I would have gone on foot rather than via Pallass, but gold doesn’t wait. Hello. And who is this?”
She eyed the Thronebearer, who glowed almost as much as she did with his armor. Ser Dalimont bowed.
“Merchant Qwera, Merchant Ysara, I am Ser Dalimont of the Thronebearers of Calanfer, and my ward is in your debt, as I understand it. May I escort you to the inn? Miss Lyonette will be delighted to meet you, as will Erin Solstice herself.”
“Oho. Aren’t you competent?”
Qwera raised her brows, but she seemed curious, not hostile. She tried to put Mrsha down, but the Gnoll clung to her neck.
“You little blubbering rat. Where did all that bravery go?”
Qwera gently teased Mrsha, and Ysara’s smile was genuine as she walked towards the inn.
“She’s at home, Qwera. She’s allowed to cry.”
Mrsha had actually stopped crying at this point, and she was waving for Ekirra and Visma to come over. The two friends looked up at Qwera in awe.
“You’re shiny!”
Ekirra gaped at Qwera. Visma, on the other hand, actually knew of Qwera’s reputation. She squeaked.
“My mother loves you! And my older sister! Can—can I touch your fur? You’re beautiful!”
Even the grumpy Golden Gnoll of Pallass had to smile at that, and Mrsha saw Qwera’s face turn softer. As she put on her stage show.
“Well, I can do more than that! Here! Hold out your hands, both of you…”
She drew out something and then pressed it on Ekirra’s and Visma’s hands. They looked down in delight, and Mrsha saw a golden stamp of a pawprint embossed on their scales and fur. Qwera winked as she raised her paws to call out to the crowd.
“The Golden Gnoll will be holding a seminar after the bazaar, tomorrow. Tell your friends! Free coins!”
So saying, she drew a pawful of coins out of her bag of holding and tossed them across the ice. Gold coins went scattering and people shouted and scrambled after them.
“You’re such a…performer, Qwera.”
Ysara looked mildly disapproving, but Qwera had done this before when Mrsha was on tour with her, however briefly.
