9.20
Page 56
He knew their voices were being picked up by the scrying orbs, even if this wasn’t. The Viscount had heard her greeting some of the Humans with familiarity, but no one could say what was truly secret. Yet—Erin just nodded.
“Ailendamus must be a fun place. Although I don’t support the war. I have friends that Ailendamus attacked. You look familiar, though.”
“I don’t believe we have met. Although we did play earlier today.”
The Lucifen carefully scrutinized her face. The [Innkeeper] leaned back and laughed. Her eyes glittered red, and she smiled.
 
[Temporary Skill Assigned: Visions of Defeat (Legendary)]
 
Slowly, the Devil gazed past Erin as a figure walked out of the shadows. He said nothing at all as a Lucifen wearing Chandrarian clothing in the style of old Khelt plucked an obsidian rose and placed it behind Erin’s ear, like a memento. The [Innkeeper] didn’t seem to notice.
“I’ve met a lot of interesting people today. It’s familiar. Now—shall we begin? How far away is Ailendamus, anyways?”
A [Princess] walked into the void and whispered urgently in her ear. Visophecin had seen the [Princess] and the Thronebearers cueing Erin into her guests. She blinked and laughed as Lyonette hurried away with a look at Visophecin. He nodded to her.
“Far from Liscor, I am afraid.”
Erin sighed.
“Everything cool is. But tell you what. If you ever travel to Izril—consider visiting my inn?”
The Lucifen saw her lift a chess piece, and he managed a reply as the first piece came thundering down and the river below him began to twist and roar.
“I believe I shall if ever the opportunity arises.”
 
——
 
Visophecin went down in flames, but he didn’t just go back to preparing for another game. Instead—he pulled out a [Message] spell as the Lucifen and Agelum demanded to know if everything was still safe.
He assured them it was and logged onto the world’s largest [Message] thread group.
 
Viscount V: Attacking her control by focusing on her knights did nothing. She is endlessly adaptive.
Rainy Boy: She still prefers to take the center. I suggest that anyone going at her force her into more unique patterns.
E: I will not waste my chance on possibilities, Earl. It seems to me that trying to be ‘unique’ is a surefire way to lose; better to play an opening you know well.
Rainy Boy: You say that—but I have seen her lose.
Viscount V: To whom?
Fetohep: Your diction is excellent. I believe that would be Bird, who plays in unique styles, is it not?
Strategist Coleom of Chandrar, Nerrhavia’s Fallen: Archmage Eldavin, I am such a huge fan of yours. Could I ask you if you’d be willing to entertain a visit to—
E: Deleted. Apologies. Didn’t someone press her quite hard? Who played her in that game with diagonal approaches?
Scout Leader Illn: Me?
Rainy Boy: Wonderful game. She might be adaptive, but she has a weakness. Does anyone want to volunteer to try that on her?
Fetohep: Assuming the chance occurs, I shall.
Quarass: And I. Excuse me, I was away.
Mri: AND MY AXE! Forsooth! I have defeated Erin Solstice before and have come to impart my wisdom!
E: Get out of here. And stop coming back.
 
——
 
The second day of the party was all about chess. Chess and meetings. Lyonette thought she was mostly ready for the big party on the final day. Even if Pawn and she…
She was staying up, lighting lanterns, and there was still a huge crowd, even if the children had long since passed out. Because there was Erin Solstice.
Challenger #87. Fetohep, again. His golden eyes burned in the darkness as he tipped over a king piece.
