9.20
Page 50
“Hi? Um…are you, uh, uh, I know your name. You’re…”
“Cognita Truestone.”
Every head in the inn turned, and Ceria began to choke on her popcorn. She hadn’t even bothered to try taking Erin on, circlet or not. But Cognita?
The Truestone Golem had beaten the Great Sage of Nerrhavia’s Fallen and everyone else in Nerrhavia. Now—she sat down.
“Am I not allowed to play, Erin Solstice?”
“No…but I don’t know if the <Quest> will work on you. W-wow.”
The Golem was made of marble and perfectly composed. She raised one brow.
“I merely desire to challenge you. I am Zelkyr’s creation, and I have picked up chess like every other game. Will you oblige me?”
Erin Solstice exhaled.
“…Yeah. Just out of curiosity. How good are you?”
Cognita’s smile was her only reply. Erin Solstice sat down—and no Skills activated. Her eyes didn’t blaze. The <Quest> didn’t acknowledge her opponent. But Erin did.
Thus began the longest game of chess yet. It was just Erin—versus a Truestone Golem. The first thing that Erin and some of the people who knew chess realized was this:
Cognita was no computer.
Or rather, she wasn’t as adept as a computer program. But she was the closest thing to it. Erin did not place pieces down with certainty. She sat and played.
The game took two hours and five minutes. When it was done, Erin looked toasted. She had a handful of pawns and a knight against several of Cognita’s and the audience was dead silent.
However, before the Golem could try to corner Erin, the [Innkeeper] forced a threefold repetition—something that most novice chess players had no idea was even a rule. That technically made the game a draw.
“Draw. Another game?”
Erin croaked. But Cognita just stood up.
“I believe I am satisfied. Fare well on your next game, Erin.”
The [Innkeeper] nodded. Then she groaned as another player appeared in the scrying orb. Due to the delay, all the other champions had lined up and beaten each other senseless.
“Who’s next?”
“Correy, from Rhir! Hey, Erin! I’m totally a fan!”
A young man sat confidently behind a chess board. Erin frowned at him and sat up…and nothing happened. He began playing, and Erin began playing too.
Chess Challenger #23 was as strange as #22. None of Erin’s Skills activated—and yet, this young man had beaten even Chaldion in a chess game against the other people waiting for a turn.
Whether it was Erin’s exhaustion or his abilities—he had Erin from the moment they began. The [Innkeeper] started losing pieces. Lyonette ran over with a refreshing drink and food, but Erin merely lifted a hand after forty-six moves.
“Wait.”
“What’s wrong? No takebacks. I’m a [Fire Mage], and I want to level.”
Correy was smiling, but he had been staring at something just past Erin every few seconds. He had frizzy red hair that made him look his class—and his smile was too relaxed.
The other chess players, from Chaldion to Niers, were waiting as Erin Solstice glanced at him. Their suspicions were confirmed when Erin pushed the board back.
“I’m afraid, Correy—that the game’s off. You’re cheating.”
“What? No I’m not! Prove it.”
Erin just stared down at the chessboard, and Antal nodded. If he’d been able to use his own computer, he suspected he’d be able to perfectly match Correy to an algorithm’s perfect moves. But then again—he didn’t have to guess.
Correy was staring at his damn laptop. Erin Solstice might not have had proof, but she just folded her arms. And her eyes flashed.
“The <Quest> and I know you’re cheating. What’s up, Correy?”
“Hey, I’m a huge fan, Erin. We should talk.”
“Maybe, but not here. You don’t belong in that seat. Next?”
