9.20
Page 28
Fighting, killing. That wasn’t a war. That wasn’t marching across half a continent with Goblins and Antinium, sneaking past armies, literally running with them! Salkis feared the Titan had given her too much of an adrenaline rush.
Or…the Drake tapped disconsolately at the iPhone, and Ryoka’s voice echoed out.
“Diary, um, number fourteen. Fuck, I forget. I don’t know. I’m just—am I really going to go to college? Or am I—”
There was something Salkis was missing, much like Ryoka’s chronicling of her own personal torment. And that something was…
Oh, maybe marching through the tall grass, picking ticks off your scales and pointing them out and watching the Antinium eat them. Or sitting around as the Fellowship talked with a Goblin playing guitar and teasing Gna.
For some reason, Salkis missed that. She missed that, and it irked her. Much like Ryoka’s recordings.
“—it’s what my dad wants. Which makes me tempted to burn down the college. Just burn down his company—and wouldn’t that be a great change for the world if I got him and all his friends in the same building? They’re not all evil, but they’re all rich millionaires or, hell, billionaires. Anyone in political office is. Can you burn down all of Wall Street? I’m probably on a watch list already, but I just want to take it all out rather than waste my life.”
“You and me both, Ryoka. You and me both.”
Salkis rolled over a third time and fell out of bed. Instantly, she rolled upright.
She was bored. She wanted out, but not…not the raiders. If she missed one group, one person, it was…
Well, probably Numbtongue. The Drake thought about the [Bard] and smiled as she checked the news. If there was anything my father would forbid me from doing, it’s going right back there again.
Which made her really want to do it. So she thought about what excuse would get her out of the house that morning as she tucked the iPhone away. And if she found an answer to the phone while she was at it? Numbtongue did know Ryoka Griffin.
Plus, when you got down to it, the Goblin was hot.
 
——
 
He couldn’t keep getting away with it. That [Bard].
How dare he? Troy watched with dark scowls for the Goblin. How dare he charm and philander his way with so many? Nevermind that he was open about it. First Octavia, then Garia? Then…did he have no shame?
Troy scowled along with Menolit, Relc, Ksmvr—who had no idea why everyone was glaring but wanted to be part of things—Ylawes for the impropriety—and Mrsha as Lyonette demoed her new activities for the day in the inn.
Garia, Octavia—how did he do it? Then he got Visma, and Mrsha’s scowl became a glare of rage. Just because he was probably good looking, played a guitar, was good in a fight, generally nice, and he gave gemstones to people? Was that the basis for liking someone?
Visma gasped as he gave her a bit of emerald glued to a stone. The Hobgoblin grinned and gave her a thumbs-up. Then he went over to watch the group activity as a bunch of children sat at one of the tables.
Only Mrsha glared at him, and Octavia leaned over to whisper.
“What’s with Mrsha?”
“Dunno. Maybe I erased her save data?”
“Weird. Thanks for bringing me breakfast. I got you this.”
Octavia shyly handed him something, and Numbtongue peered at the vial marked ‘bubble bath’. He grinned and put it in a pocket.
“Soft.”
Redscar whispered, and Numbtongue whirled to punch him, but the other Goblin blocked the fist. They all watched as Lyonette’s plan for the day took shape.
“Design your own Antinium?”
