9.20
Page 5
By evening in Liscor, a Gnoll returned from checking out the bazaar and put her hands on her hips.
“The Tailless Thief is out.”
Ysara Byres looked up from the stand she and Qwera were going to operate. Hers was right next to Qwera’s, and she had a huge supply of goods to offload, many from the tribes. She had a feeling there would be a huge market to match.
They had hurried down to inspect the plaza, and [Traders] and [Merchants] they knew from Pallass as well as Invrisil were all present. Lots of excited rookies too, who kept coming up to Qwera to ask for tips.
Don’t get fleeced was Qwera’s big tip. This was the opportunity for everyone to make a profit. Just sell at a good markup and watch out for fellow [Merchants]; they’d run you down with flash-deals. Unless you had gold in hand or paw…
Well, this was their battleground, so the [Merchants] were excited. So was Ysara, because she’d headed down here before having a chance to explore the ice skating rink that hundreds of people were skating across. An annoyed half-Elf had to keep recasting the spell, but she considered it training—as well as her own slip and sliding across the ice.
However—the person Ysara really wanted to see was Yvlon. And Ylawes. But before that…
“Not the Tailless Thief? We need somewhere secure.”
They had lockboxes of gold, and their best items and stock would need security. That meant The Tailless Thief; neither Ysara nor Qwera were stupid enough to chance being stuck in Invrisil when they should be at the bazaar.
“No. And it’s not the name. The [Innkeeper] is simply a Drake. A beautiful idiot of a Drake who I wouldn’t trust.”
“Ah. Speciesist?”
“His guests are all Drakes from Pallass. We can out pay them, but…let’s try The Wandering Inn. If only for storage. Besides, I haven’t seen Mrsha.”
They could have rushed into the common room and reunited with Mrsha the instant they got there…but neither Ysara nor Qwera had. A few hours would not kill them, and they had their priorities straight.
Now, though, it occurred to Ysara that if they wanted a room…she sighed and checked her bag of holding.
“Let’s go now, then. And keep checking your bag of holding, Qwera. I know Liscor’s a good city—or so Yvlon claims—but the [Thieves] have to be out in force knowing how much gold and visitors are here.”
That was true. Qwera and Ysara were not easy targets; they had Skills and the wherewithal to defeat most [Flash Thieves], who could snatch a bag with sheer speed, or covert ones, who would steal a bag of holding unnoticed in a crowd.
Even so—a certain young woman with a gemstone hand saw several [Thieves] loitering about the square. She herself had a lot of interest in Qwera and Ysara’s bags of holding as well as the top [Merchants]’.
They were rich. One of Pallass’ best [Traders of Curios] had already lost his chest of holding. His actual chest of holding. He thought it was right there, locked and waiting for tomorrow, and his [Guards] did too, but the crystal-handed [Thief] had seen someone walk off with the entire chest and cast an illusion spell in the same place.
One of the Faces of Invrisil. They’d probably sell the entire chest back to the merchant, and that would be the last theft today.
The [Thieves] of big cities often had deals with the Merchant’s Guild to only be a pest up to a point—otherwise, the [Merchants] would hire a Named-rank Adventurer to kill you. A merchant-rogue war was a bad, bad incident.
