9.20
Page 33
“Oh, Pawn. Responsibility is painful like that. Do you—are you trying to take command of the [Crusaders]? Shape their opinions? Yellow Splatters is a [Sergeant]—no, a [Captain] now, isn’t he? Perhaps he could be a liaison?”
The [Priest] looked at the [Princess], confused.
“Why would I want to tell them what to do? They are their own people.”
Lyonette turned to face him, bit her lip, and modulated what she was about to say. She stepped left, trying to guide him into a seat, but he refused. So she faced him, her face tightening with a hint of exasperation.
“They might need help. And…be nudged to make the right moves now and then. Pawn, you are possibly the most influential Antinium in the Hive’s leadership behind the Free Queen and Klbkch himself. You shouldn’t let it go to waste.”
He stood there, not knowing what to say, and Lyonette walked over to her dresser again, restless. She was pinning up her hair in a complex bun, and Pawn helped her. He knew how to place the hairpins, but he hesitated as he replied. She seemed so impatient, and he felt awkward and kept missing the spots until she took the pins and did it herself.
“I do not wish to do that, Lyonette. That is like when I was ordered to fight with Belgrade and Anand. I am not that kind of leader.”
She turned to face him. And he saw a look that showed him she didn’t understand. But that was fine. He didn’t understand all of what she was. It was supposed to be fine.
So why did it feel like there was a wall like his [Holy Barrier] between them? He reached out to take her hands, and then his lowered. Lyonette took a deep breath, then set her face. She straightened her back like he knew she did when she was about to do something unpleasant.
“Pawn. I have to ask you something serious. Have you—do you feel like something has gone off between us? Like there’s some separation? I fear that’s my fault, in part. Quite a lot, actually.”
Pawn nodded slowly. He looked at Lyonette.
“I do. What happened, Lyonette? You were gone for only a few months—”
She laughed. Bitterly, almost hysterically—and covered her face with her hands. She pulled her eyelids down a second, staring up at the ceiling in a kind of horror.
“A few months! Pawn, it felt like years. Didn’t it? I was at Oteslia, and Erin was dead, and we…Pawn, I have a confession to make.”
Uh oh. The [Priest] wanted to run, and he refused to. But he slowly sat on the bed as Lyonette spoke to him.
“In Oteslia, I was desperate to find a way to help Erin and save Mrsha. Remember, I only knew she was kidnapped and I had no idea where she was? There was this young…Drake named Cirediel. And I was trying to do everything in my power to help. So—I was considering entering an affair with Cire to manipulate him. Or whomever else.”
She waited for Pawn to react. He did not, so she went on.
“A sexual affair, Pawn.”
“I understood that. Alright. That is fine. I forgive you if you needed forgiveness.”
Lyonette blinked. She looked at his face, looked down, and he didn’t know why she gnawed on her lip like that. Where was his smile?
“Just like that?”
Pawn got up. He stretched, not because he was stiff, but because he felt awkward in his very shell. He turned back to Lyonette.
“Mrsha is your daughter. You would do anything for her, and I understand that. I fought Belavierr for her. It is fine, Lyonette. You did not, after all.”
She looked wretched and upset, perhaps that he wasn’t angrier.
“No, but I thought about it, Pawn. Pawn. You can be angry. I was thinking of being unfaithful. Intimately. That means—”
“I know what it means.”
