9.20
Page 11
She pulled rank, a rarity, and a clawed hand caught her arm. Another caught her shoulder. Lehra blinked as a pair of strong grips halted her dead in place. She tensed—because she felt a sudden prickle down her spine, but then she looked around.
“Oh yeah? Join the club, kid.”
An orange-scaled Drake was leaning on Dawil’s head as he held Lehra’s shoulder. Saliss of Lights nodded at Shriekblade as Suxhel screamed, jumped, and Emper had to stop her from wiping out.
Even she hadn’t seen Shriekblade. Lehra stared at her senior adventurers and gulped.
“But I—”
“Hey, kid. Kid. Kid. We’ve met, right?”
Saliss poked her on the shoulder repeatedly. He nodded at Stargazer’s Promise as they stared at the two Named-ranks in awe. Lehra thought they had, but only briefly at an Adventurer’s Guild or fancy event. Saliss gave her a friendly smile.
“Here’s some free advice: act like a Bronze-rank in this inn. Or the [Innkeeper] will serve you her specialty. Humble pie. Wait, why did I tell you that? Go ahead and bother her.”
He shooed Lehra with his claws. Shriekblade hadn’t let go, but Saliss winked at Lehra.
“I could use a good laugh. Hello, who are these delightful [Merchants]?”
“Saliss of Lights, you rogue.”
Qwera shook his hand with a sigh, but she actually smiled. As for Ysara, she nodded at the Drake, and he looked her up and down as Ylawes stared in horror at the naked Drake. The Goblins were just laughing—those that weren’t eying Saliss and Shriekblade with alarm.
“Hey, Saliss is here! Get the nuts-box!”
Erin shouted. The inn exploded into laughter, and Mrsha beamed. She ran forwards and tried to pose in front of these famous people as Drassi practically dashed back into the common room. The scrying orb illuminated these people—and Saliss, who had just dumped a potion of [Invisibility] over Mrsha’s head.
But that was alright. The [Alchemist] was laughing as the world’s first censor bar appeared. And Mrsha the Invisible embarked on her greatest reign of terror yet. Especially because Saliss handed her the half-empty vial.
 
——
 
“What an inn.”
This night, the attraction was the guests. Lehra sat, slightly more humble, but still as loud as could be, scarfing down food. The Golden Gnoll was eating with three top [Merchants], while the Players of Celum performed on the inn’s stage.
Just like the old times. However, the new times included more good things, at least, to the inn’s family.
Like Rags, sitting with Erin and looking urbanely amused as she dined with the funniest group in the world.
Namely, a stiff, nay, wooden Ylawes, Erin, Dawil, Numbtongue, Ysara, Yvlon, and Pelt. The Dwarf [Smith] had come out of his forge to see why Hedault was missing meetings, and nary a stranger group existed.
Especially because Dawil and Pelt had a weird relationship, and the three Y-named Byres siblings were a mix of uncomfortable with each other—and very familiar with their own friends.
Plus Goblins. Pelt glared at Rags suspiciously as she ate spaghetti off a fork.
“How’s it, Rags? Just like you remember?”
“Eh. I’ve had better cooking since then. I’m not the Goblin I used to be. Sad.”
Numbtongue looked horrified and outraged. Erin’s mouth fell open. Pelt? He roared with laughter, and a little Goblin compounded Erin’s pain.
“Yeah. Bad food. Stick it to the man! Woman.”
“Gothica! Shoo! Shoo! Wait a sec—Kevin! Are you teaching Gothica?”
“…No.”
Kevin ducked at another table, hunching his shoulders as Poisonbite and a bunch of Goblins fed a little bee preening and fanning her wing with awe. The herald of a new age buzzed happily.
