9.20
Page 39
And here it came. Niers bit his tongue because he knew how he’d talk about himself, or Erin—but she was so classically humble and awkward—he squeezed his eyes shut as Erin froze for a second. Then she replied.
“Me? I’m…um. Well. This is embarrassing, but…”
She fiddled with her fingers, then looked up. And Niers missed the spark of mischief in her eyes. The twinkle that made her friends sit up in the bar and disarmed Drassi. Erin Solstice smiled and leaned back in her chair. If she had a baseball cap, she would have twisted it around. If she had a pair of sunglasses, she would have slowly lowered them onto her eyes.
“I’m the best chess player in the entire world. So yeah, I’m backing the chess tournament today. If you think you’re hot stuff, sign up. You can even play remotely.”
Niers Astoragon’s eyes opened wide. Half the Fraerlings who were trying to ignore his small scrying orb turned. Drassi sat up and blinked.
“Did I just hear you right, Erin? That is a bold claim.”
The [Innkeeper] was shaking with nerves, but she made a peace sign. Then she began to play it up.
“That’s right. I’m the best. Don’t believe me?”
“That’s, uh—a hard thing to quantify.”
Someone was choking in the background. It turned out to be Pisces, who was dying on a piece of late egg for breakfast. Erin and Drassi watched as Yvlon raced over and slapped him on the back. Erin turned back to the camera.
“Well, it’s true. Put me on a truth spell.”
“Delusion can pass a truth spell, Erin.”
Drassi was trying to be tough, despite the smile edging its way across her face. Erin raised her brows.
“Oh yeah?”
“That’s just a fact.”
“Oh yeah?”
Erin leaned forwards, and Drassi leaned back a bit to avoid being headbutted.
“Erin, I’m going to need proof you’re the ‘best’ chess player. I imagine our viewers are already getting upset and calling in.”
The [Innkeeper] turned to the camera and smiled.
“You can prove it at the chess tournament. But if I need to prove anything—do you know Chaldion of Pallass, Drassi? Have you seen me playing him regularly in this inn?”
The [Honest Reporter] swallowed.
“I have…seen that.”
“And you’re so honest everyone knows you tell the truth—haven’t you seen Earl Altestiel playing me? I’ve beaten Venaz—hey, Venaz.”
She waved at a Minotaur, who jumped as he, Wil, and Merrik stood there. Merrik waved back. Niers watched, heart pounding with disbelief, as Erin turned.
“I’ve played more chess games than anyone else. It’s not a brag. It’s just how it is. I’ve beaten Grand Magus Eldavin when he was at my inn. I’ve defeated the Lord of the Dance remotely.”
“I think other players could say the same. The game isn’t that old, Erin. In fact, what about the Titan of Baleros? The inventor and world’s best player if I had to guess?”
Drassi was on the edge of her seat. Because she knew, before Erin turned, what the [Innkeeper] would say, and the [Reporter] just set her up for it. Erin Solstice looked right into the camera.
“Niers? He’s my chess partner. I play him every week. I am the [Innkeeper] of Chess. Don’t believe me? Get a chessboard and I’ll play a game right now. Ask Niers if you don’t believe me. Hey, Niers.”
She waved. And the Fraerling saw the young woman wink at him.
“…Fancy a game?”
 
——
 
The Titan’s mysterious chess partner had once been the talk of the world’s gossip—at least in chess circles. In the way of all the new developments, it had become old news.
Right until the [Innkeeper], Erin Solstice, revealed the truth for the world to hear and reignited that old flame.
