9.20
Page 48
…So while it felt like her opponents were literally getting punched by boulders when she took a piece across the chess board or staring at an undead [Queen] pointing a legion of chess pieces at them—that was only what they saw.
If anything, the most interesting parts for the audience watching was seeing Erin Solstice talk to her opponents and acting away from the chess board. She would speak to them a minute or two before she sat down and played, mostly in silence.
That was the fascinating part for people not interested in chess.
“Well, hey there! Magus-Crafter Femithain? Wait a second, don’t I know that name? Saaaay—did you attack my friend?”
The leader of Illivere blinked at Erin as she waved someone over. He bowed slightly.
“Adventurer Ksmvr. I regret to say that I was an impolite host.”
“Oh, hello Magus-Crafter Femithain. You were a very wonderful host. I regret that someone accidentally freed Nsiia. Yes. Have you seen Yinah or Spitty? Or Nsiia? She stole my sword.”
Ksmvr bowed to Femithain, and the Magus-Crafter hesitated.
“I regret that I have not exchanged words with any of them, Ksmvr.”
“Wonderful. I mean, that you know each other.”
Erin smiled wanly and yawned. The sun was still high in the sky, but it was on its way down. She looked at Challenger #21, and Femithain blinked as Erin motioned someone into frame.
It was a tossup who Erin met, and it was mostly just good chess players. Some people could fake their way to the top via magic, but to Silvenia’s complete and utter fury, she’d lost to Feshi. Luck, magic, Skills to intimidate or read an opponent—
The game was better than that. Nevertheless, there was a correlation most times between the players and their station. If only because a [King] could politely suggest to his vassals that they let him win.
Like Flos, who took Orthenon and Gazi’s spots to get a shot at Erin. Raelt himself kicked the King of Destruction off that region of Chandrar’s championship. Then Fetohep beat him.
However, if you made it to Erin…she motioned someone into frame, and Femithain hesitated.
“This is Rags. Hey, Rags, it’s the guy who makes Golems.”
“He rules an entire nation. Hello.”
Rags gave Erin a brief look, and the [Innkeeper] looked embarrassed. But Femithain bowed very politely.
“Good evening, Chieftain.”
“Greetings to you.”
That was all. And Femithain was probably being polite, but the Magus-Crafter didn’t miss how Erin had laughed with Altestiel before making Belgrade come over to say hi. She wasn’t bad at statecraft at all.
He bowed, sat, and Erin Solstice played like thunder for eighteen minutes. Then she got up and stretched.
“Who’s Challenger #22?”
The fascinating thing about her games of chess was not the incomprehensible and difficult notation of the chess games—but who was trying to get a chance to play her.
And who was not able to do so.
 
——
 
A cursing Drake was edging into line in the huge queue going to Liscor from Pallass. She was checking her dark red dress when someone tapped her shoulder.
“‘Scuse me. ‘Scuse me. I’m headed to the inn, and no, I was not waiting in line. Who do you think I am? I just came back to grab some stuff—out of the way, I’m important.”
Saliss of Lights was strolling through the crowd, after his band performance. He had come back here, apparently just to annoy the crowds by deliberately stepping in front of people waiting for the inn. He shoved Lady Salkis out of the way and stopped as he saw the top chess championship of Pallass ending.
“Victory!”
