9.20
Page 8
“It works. I thought this was supposed to be exciting. Aha. And I think here’s our famous mother of the world’s most endangered child.”
She looked up, and Lyonette du Marquin was coming out the doors of the inn, flanked by all but one of her remaining Thronebearers. Mrsha waved her over, and the [Princess] caught Mrsha as she leapt into her arms.
“Mrsha—oof! Do I have the honor of meeting the people who helped you? Merchant Qwera, Merchant Ysara, Mister Vetn? Welcome to the Wandering Inn. And thank you—I have wanted to say that ever since the Meeting of Tribes.”
She took Qwera’s hand as she held Mrsha and Ysara’s. Lyonette’s genuine look of gratitude seemed to disarm Qwera, and the Gnoll murmured.
“Well—it’s not like there was anything else to do. Hello, hello. I’m delighted to meet you, Pr…Miss Lyonette.”
“And I am honored to meet you. Silver and steel guide you, Princess Marquin. You’ve been a friend to my sister and brother, and I am grateful for everything you’ve done.”
Ysara didn’t even try to hide what she knew. Lyonette’s eyes focused on Ysara and widened a bit.
“Yes! And you’re Yvlon’s older…she’ll be delighted to meet you! I am so grateful to meet you—but Yvlon’s just inside! And you won’t believe it, but the Silver Swords just came in via Invrisil.”
“Ah. Wonderful.”
The older Byres’ smile slipped slightly, but Mrsha was sniffing the air. Then her eyes went round, and she leapt out of Lyonette’s arms.
“What’s gotten into her?”
Qwera eyed Mrsha as Lyonette scolded her daughter, but Gire was sniffing the air too. And then she bounded past startled guests. For Mrsha had smelled someone else who’d just arrived.
 
——
 
The little Gnoll burst into the common room just in time to see the most high-powered meeting yet. The Golden Gnoll had come to Liscor.
But so had Gold-rank teams. The Silver Swords, teams like Todi’s Elites from Invrisil, the Horns, the Halfseekers—
And one more. In fact, they had just arrived, and they were so famous that they had even put the Silver Swords’ return to shame.
“Goblins! Pizza! Ice cream! This is what I’ve been waiting for! I made it! Oh, hey Mrsha.”
The Stargnoll, Lehra Ruinstrider, was running around as excitedly as Mrsha. Her team, Stargazer’s Promise, were greeting the surprised Horns and the wary teams, who eyed one of Izril’s top adventurers with a kind of awe.
And wariness, because they remembered how ‘Regrika Blackpaw’ had gone. The [Innkeeper] was standing warily in front of her Goblin friends, but when the little Gnoll leapt forwards and tried to give Lehra a flying headbutt, the Stargnoll whirled her around in the air and put Mrsha on a table, laughing.
Then she turned as Qwera walked in.
“Hey, the Golden Gnoll! Everyone’s back from the Meeting of Tribes! Is Honored Krshia here?”
She waved, but a pair of Humans froze at the table where they were awkwardly greeting each other. Yvlon Byres half rose, and Ylawes looked up, stunned.
“Ysara…?”
She halted when she saw her two younger siblings. Ysara smiled awkwardly, but Yvlon shot to her feet. She came over, smiling genuinely as Ysara stared at Yvlon’s arms. She had seen, during the Meeting of Tribes, and she had no doubt seen images of Yvlon, but it was one thing to see and another to get a look up close.
“Yvlon. Ylawes. It’s been a long time. You two look—great. Especially you, Yvlon.”
She reached out and embraced her sister gingerly. Yvlon returned the gesture, almost as timidly, and Ylawes got up. He reached out, went to embrace his two sisters—and both let go. Ysara hugged Ylawes briefly, patting him on the back.
