9.20
Page 59
Kevin whispered to Joseph as Erin faced Anand down. The [Football Coach] hesitated. He imagined someone activating a Skill for a kick.
“We’re already in a videogame, Kevin. She’s just the final boss of chess.”
“Dude, I make bikes. What kind of videogame is that?”
How little he knew. Erin staggered off to the bathroom, but she came back in three minutes. She sat down and actually fell asleep. Her head dipped—she jerked upright—
And her opponents knew it was time.
Who was next who could take her out? Who was going to get that level?
Az’kerash, wearing a puppet-Naga, was trying to bludgeon the Lord of the Dance out of the way, and he’d had a winning position, but the nimble [Lord] was hanging on for dear life. Tulm the Mithril was determined to crush Feshi, but the Gnoll was hanging on. Umina and Olesm were vying for next place.
Erin waited, sipping a glass of water as another local master appeared. Tulm lost to Feshi. Az’kerash cemented his victory, and Olesm sighed in relief.
One of them would be next. Who? And would it be the first person or the third? Or in ten challengers?
Erin Solstice sat in her chair, and her hat was full to bursting. She was alive. She was dying. She was crying for the ghosts. She was triumphant, standing upon the metaphorical bodies of her enemies.
She was probably hallucinating at this point, but the [Innkeeper]’s eyes were glowing, even against her weakest opponents. Sometimes she manifested other powers, even seemed to slightly change shape depending on the Skills she got.
Now—a burning hat made of flames as pink as Magnolia’s carriage flashed above her head. It burned, and the [Witch] began laughing.
She threw her head back and cackled as the tired audience saw her stop playing chess. Then—as Az’kerash, Olesm, and Feshi waited—she pushed herself back from the table. They stared in disbelief as her unknown opponent, who had challenged her for the first time, froze.
Erin Solstice lifted a hand up and swept the burning hat from her head. She bowed—and looked her opponent in the eye.
“You’ve done it. Who are you? I didn’t even ask your name.”
She looked her opponent in the eye, and they seemed as stunned as Erin. Drassi looked up and lurched to her feet—she’d missed it? She swung the camera over, and slowly, a pudgy Human man raised his arms.
Calidus sat in his mansion as the scrying orb reflected his disbelieving face turning to rapid exultation and altogether too much pride.
“I won? I woooooon! I am the greatest [Lord] in the world! Do you hear that?”
He began posing and running about. In dead silence, the world’s best chess players looked up as Calidus Reinhart began whooping with glee.
“Erin—”
“He beat me. He’s…good.”
Erin Solstice turned. The great expectations that had been placed on the other players…the shocked audience looked at Erin Solstice, and she pointed. The image on the scrying orb became a split-screen of her best opponents.
Fetohep, a scowling Eldavin, the Quarass, Niers, Altestiel—Erin saluted them.
“The world’s best chess players took me on. I am the Grandmaster of Scales until someone replaces me—in a formal tournament, not a silly <Quest>. More will appear. Chess has a future longer than what we’ve seen. The game is deeper than I know. But you? You are all amazing players. And I hope you level.”
She beamed at them, and most smiled back, ruefully. Calidus was showering champagne all over the air and himself as he celebrated unabashedly—but it was true.
He was not the only one levelling tonight. But the [Innkeeper], of all of them, just stretched. She turned to Drassi.
