9.20
Page 6
She had no such compunctions, but she was wary of making an enemy of the wrong group, so Ysara and Qwera were a good target as independent [Merchants]. Obviously, she was waiting for her chance with Klbkch the Slayer, but profits were profits. Besides.
The contest had begun. The young woman strolled into range. Qwera wasn’t stupid; the Golden Gnoll would notice someone dogging her. But the crystal hand [Thief]’s range was wide. She flexed her hand, and the pale quartz hidden under the glove shone.
[I Stole Lightning].
Her hand blurred across the ground between her and Qwera, forty paces. If you could have seen it—and it moved at the speed of lightning—it would have been a disembodied hand of crystal, reaching out. A man’s hand, not the young woman’s. It reached out for both bags of holding—
And someone caught it. Or rather, blocked it. The hand slammed into a body, and the [Thief] recoiled. She saw a Gnoll hurtle out of nowhere into the hand, and Qwera and Ysara whirled. The [Thief] looked up, saw a Gnoll staring at her—
“Vetn!”
Ysara exclaimed as one of her ‘helpers’ broke cover and blocked the Skill. The Thief of Clouds rubbed at his ribs as a young woman began to hurry in the other direction.
“That’s one.”
“What? A [Thief]? Point her out.”
Ysara was ready to draw her sword or call for the Watch, but Vetn just growled.
“Don’t bother. She’ll be gone before the Watch even reaches us if you shout. That’s the second high-level [Thief]. Ow. My ribs hurt.”
He whined to Qwera, and she was unimpressed.
“Blow on it. This is why I hired you, Vetn. Keep it up.”
Sulkily, he nodded. Some of the other [Merchants] were eying Vetn nervously; a few could spot a [Thief]. But Qwera had hired him to run interference against other competitors or thieves.
She wasn’t an idiot. She patted Vetn on the shoulder, and the three of them headed off to the inn. They met the girl they were looking for ahead of that.
 
——
 
Mrsha was sniffling a bit, as if she had a cold again, and Ser Dalimont was worried he’d get in more trouble, letting her skate so long.
But as it turned out, she just had a runny nose from the chill. She was beaming, her white fur all puffed up along with two sweaty, beaming children. And one big one.
Gire, Ekirra, and Visma had been skating for hours. The novelty of being able to skate before the winter was only compounded by the food flowing from the inn. Right now, they were all having some hot-hot fries, which were spicy—but didn’t kill you! Calescent’s fries were hitting tables, and a certain witch had helped him get used to his new job.
Well, Erin was inside sampling his cooking with the laughing Goblins, and Mrsha was just about to suggest they all have a big bowl of ice cream to go with the fries when she smelled something odd on the air. She turned, sniffed, and her brows crossed.
“What is it, Mrsha?”
The Gnoll smelled a familiar acrylic scent that came from a lot of paint. A familiar smell—but that couldn’t be right. She looked at Gire, and the [Paragon] stopped wolfing down fries.
“Hm?”
She sniffed the air as Ekirra copied her. So did Visma, snorting and giggling as the Gnolls glowered at her mockery of them. But then Mrsha saw Gire’s eyes widen, and their heads turned. Mrsha watched as the skaters, couples and families running and slipping on the ice, looked up.
The fading fall sky was turning into an ember glow across the High Passes. Even green, instead of blue, and the two colors ran together like some crazy artist’s palette.
