9.20
Page 40
You might not believe it. You might scoff, and many would certainly take umbrage at her claims to be the world’s best.
But…that claim bore more weight when you saw the splitscreen image of Niers Astoragon sitting with his legs crossed in front of a miniature chess board and Erin in her inn. Both were staring at a scrying orb and arranging the chess board.
Live. This was how the tourney would go, and the two competitors could even speak to each other. And when they did…
It was the first time the two had really talked. It wasn’t Niers giving Erin a speaking stone or a gift. It was him and her and an audience of the entire world.
“You have me astounded, Erin. And here I thought you were too busy to play a game.”
Erin glanced up from setting up her pieces. She met his gaze, and his eyes were shining with wild excitement. He was so…tiny! A mug was providing her with a frame of reference, and it was as tall as he was.
Yet he was also the Titan of Baleros. Some Fraerlings were jockeying to be seen, much like Mrsha and Gothica and people on Erin’s side. She locked eyes with Niers.
“I never said that. I just felt like you were fighting a war against Jungle Tails, the monsters from the Dyed Lands. You’re so famous—this is where you live. Isn’t this where you’re happiest?”
To that, he had nothing to say. Because she was right. When he went to her inn, it was like a Fraerling in the night.
But she had come up onto his world stage and brought a chessboard. She took the black pieces, he took white, and they began to play.
That was enough. That was enough for him to call this a really wonderful day, but Erin Solstice wasn’t done.
“I’m going to beat you, Niers. Sorry, but I have to use my full power.”
She posed, two peace signs across her chest in what she might have thought was a cool pose. Niers just snorted despite himself.
“Erin. I will back you being a statistically better player than I am, but you can’t guarantee a victory.”
“Oh, that was true before I got shot with crossbows. But I’ve been practicing. I know we played a game together, but right now?”
Erin stretched.
“…I’ve got a tournament to help run and participate in. So I am going to squish you. Wait, is that rude to say to a Fraerling?”
“Absolutely! I am such a fan, Miss. Take him out!”
A Fraerling behind Niers shouted. It was safe to say almost every Fraerling settlement with access to scrying orbs was watching. And at least one city, Paeth on the Coast, was staring at…
Erin Solstice. The Titan looked annoyed at Erin’s bravado. He moved a pawn forwards.
“Pawn to E4—oh, you can see it. Well, back up your words, Erin. No Skills, but I will be making you eat those words.”
“Just one second.”
Erin was scribbling on something. She raised her head, and Niers felt a chill. As if he’d walked into a trap. He’d thought the trap was invoking her true potential to the world. Or facing him across the chessboard and lending his name to this day.
But what if…? His eyes slowly fixed on the piece of paper. Erin finished writing, then lifted it. She brought it down and slapped it on the table.
“You might want to check the Adventurer’s Guild, guys. I just posted a <Quest>. Now—”
She cracked her neck, winced, and her eyes lit up.
“Let’s begin the demo match.”
Then the news broadcast, already gaining momentum, truly began to pick up speed. The incredulous and outraged people went silent. Did you feel it now? Niers looked up, and the chessboard kept shaking. His eyes flickered uncertainly—then widened. Because even he found his heart beating painfully hard.
 
