9.20
Page 17
Himilt felt oddly touched by the gesture, and he ended up taking off his gloves to shake Wailant’s hand. The [Farmers] smiled, and Wailant winked.
“Just so you know—I’m hoping this might be a profitable relationship. The best kind. I might be ‘retired’, but it seems to me there is a world of possibility in Liscor, and I’m glad I’m not the only one who saw it.”
Himilt hadn’t actually considered that, only a place to be free. But as he shook Wailant’s hands and looked around for Colfa, he realized—
This might be a new chance in more ways than one. The Lischelle-Drakle family had always been careful not to be outstandingly rich or successful because that was dangerous. But Liscor?
New ventures could be a wild success. If you were willing to put in the work and you actually found success, of course. But a Vampire?
Himilt feared no work any more than he feared monsters. What he feared…he glanced at Ylawes.
What he feared was silver. And the people who carried it.
 
——
 
Serafierre val Lischelle-Drakle knew that this was the hour she had been waiting for. A party. Entertainment. Already, huge names were coming into The Wandering Inn.
And here she was, stuck, while the inn was probably winding down for the day. She checked the clock gloomily.
Half past ten. Wonderful. And she was here.
Working.
It was inevitable. She was a secret broker. The inn was having a moment. This was the prime time to move information and secrets about Erin, the adventurers, and so on.
Very profitable, of course. Why, she’d just sold a weird [Thief] with a crystal hand all the information she had on the Thief of Clouds. And that [Thief] was a goldmine of information in and of themself.
Fierre suspected she was part of something bigger, like the thefts in Calanfer. But there were ranks to any group, and if the brokers who could tell you what was up were Named-rank, Fierre was, um…
Silver-rank. High-Silver or low Gold-rank, maybe, maybe, with all the gold she’d gotten from Ryoka, but Fierre felt like she was just Silver where she’d been Bronze in Reizmelt. She needed power, more contacts, more secrets.
So she had to sit here, put in the work, and be sad that she wasn’t getting to be in on the action. Fierre assured herself that there was a line, even at this late hour. How many brokers could boast of that?
How many brokers had more agents and didn’t have to have a line? She forced that idea out of her head as the Steel Golem, standing motionless on one side of the room, slowly scanned its head left and right, as if searching for threats. It did this every ten minutes, but it hadn’t moved from when Fierre had last told it to stand there.
A thin layer of dust already coated the reflective metal, but it just meant Fierre’s tiny office, hidden by the enchanted steel door, worked. Her single desk filled with notes and the cabinets behind her faced a wooden chair she’d upgraded to have a padded seat.
Quiet, professional—Fierre heard someone knocking and sighed.
No one even knows the knock anymore. That was fine. She’d paid off the Watch already.
“Enter.”
The door opened—and Fierre tried her best mysterious smile with just a hint of fangs as she sat up behind her desk. She’d bought some more form-fitting clothing, in a quasi-[Assassin] look.
She still had yet to really unveil her full potential, but she was now familiar enough in her new body to understand how dangerous an opponent was. Seeing a war had told her that high levels could still threaten her—and that she was a threat.
