9.20
Page 14
Well. He was like a hungry man at a feast. And despite the bloody steak he was eating, his hunger was something different entirely.
After all, he could smell so many things. Mind you, he was keeping as far away from House Byres as possible, damn them.
But even he and his companions hadn’t resisted the allure of the inn. They were actually sitting in the ‘quiet’ part of the inn, where a [Silence] spell kept table-conversations only audible to each other.
That was to let the Players of Celum perform on stage. A curtain kept the light of the eating and dining portion from reaching the people who sat in darkness.
On stage, Juliet and Romeo enacted the timeless tragedy. The crowd was fairly enraptured; the [Actors] had Skills and levels such that you felt like you could feel the longing for each other, and when they fought in duels, it looked real and bloody.
Of course, that only made the Vampires hungrier. Himilt, for his part, did not listen. He was watching the play with one eye. Colfa? She was rapt, fascinated with the play itself. Why Colfa val Lischelle-Drakle, who dressed in high red velvet and black and white like some ancient queen of Terandria or Calanfer’s knights, liked the stage with all its light and glamor—one couldn’t possibly guess.
Himilt’s clothing was as subdued as Bamer’s, but he was watching the busy inn with different eyes. He was counting.
Lehra Ruinstrider was subdued at her table, longingly glancing at Erin, but she was speaking politely to Jelaqua and the Horns. She was one—and the Vampires kept shivering whenever the Named-rank Adventurer crawled overhead on patrol.
That made two. Two, to make Himilt’s own cold blood run. But the third, Saliss of Lights, had left after a while.
A female Drake with rose and cobalt scales had replaced him shortly thereafter. She was sitting with Qwera, a male Drake, Councilmember Elirr, and the Lamia, Hexel. In fact, Ysara excused herself from her table to join them presently.
Who or what she was, Himilt didn’t know. Nor did he know why she was special, only that he knew.
The blood called. Yet he was a master of himself. Not all of his family were.
Fierre was not here. She had promised to join in and visit, but she had work. Himilt was sympathetic to it; Colfa was more concerned about her daughter’s wellbeing, especially after her changes.
He had his own worries. Keeping an eye on the Byres family was one of them.
“We cannot escape them. If they perform their trick in Liscor…”
“The Watch Captain stopped them. There is a river and groundwater aplenty. Hold your peace, Bamer.”
The older Vampire was fidgety. But the most restless person was…Rivel.
Fierre’s older brother and the youngest member of the family who still worked the new farm they were setting up. Ever since he had learned the truth of their treachery, he had been unhappy. Unhappy—and he had spoken like many Vampires who’d learned what Ryoka had uncovered.
Silver in the water. Himilt had done what he could, but he could not rule his kin. He worried—but here, at least, Rivel seemed more pleased.
“I think I’ll join the others. They have a dice room. Cards. Even the Goblins are playing. And weights.”
“Don’t show off.”
Himilt cautioned him, and Rivel scowled. But he sometimes did when wrestling with the Humans in Reizmelt. Everyone made mistakes. He was just about to head off when the group of four froze at their table again.
They were not the only vampires who’d come to set up the new farm in Liscor. But they were a family, so they were dining together. Now, they froze—and even Colfa looked away from the stage.
