9.20
Page 49
A laughing Human woman fanned herself, a [Merchant] by the looks of it, as one of the [Strategists] under Chaldion slumped. She stood up, and a [Guardsman] hurried over.
“Adventurer Saliss, please stop getting in the way of the queue. The door is cycling. You can enter in ten minutes.”
“Ah, damn. Is this the winner? Hello, Miss!”
“Oh my. A naked Drake. You must be Saliss of Lights.”
The woman gave Saliss an amused glance. She had black lipstick and winked at him. He threw an arm around her shoulders, and she glowered as he grinned at her.
“Are you heading to play Erin? Fancy that, so am I! Ten minutes? Say, do you need to buy any magical makeup? A potion, perhaps?”
“I, ah—”
The woman gave the [Guards] a desperate glance, and they tried to peel Saliss off her, but he practically dragged her back.
“Come on, let’s go for a walk! I have a bunch of potions to foist—I mean, sell to top people!”
The woman smiled desperately, but there was no help for it. The Drake was strong. She followed him down the 8th Floor, and somehow, the pedestrians waiting for the door practically vanished only two corners from the door.
“Mister Saliss, please. You’re hurting me.”
They turned down a quiet street as the last Drake woman hurrying the other way vanished. Saliss looked concerned.
“I am? I didn’t ruin your makeup, did I? How do you do it? Wonderful powder. It even conceals dead skin.”
The Human woman looked perplexed, and she snapped open her fan. Then she slashed it across Saliss’ neck—or where he had been.
He ducked. And the undead woman lurched back and stared at the acid eating one foot. She swiveled.
“Wretch.”
Nerrhavia’s ghost struggled to control Az’kerash’s minion as she raised the fan. She had no Skills, so the corpse began firing [Deathbolts]. She turned, and Saliss slapped a glowing ember into the corpse’s mouth. Nerrhavia’s ghost recoiled as, remotely, the puppet burst into flames.
“Now who are you?”
Saliss kicked the puppet aside and bent, warily, to tear open the chest with a knife as several Eyes of Pallass appeared, but the corpse began to disintegrate, and he stepped back with a sigh.
 
——
 
Az’kerash cursed as his third puppet failed to get to Erin.
He had none in Liscor, which he hadn’t thought was a problem—but two had been taken out, one by the [Guards], another by Saliss just now. The third had just lost a contest in Invrisil. Fuming, the Archmage of Death debated how risky it would be to play Erin remotely via scrying orb.
“I can invoke one of my puppets to play the [Innkeeper]. Why do you, Nerrhavia, require a game up close? You claim to be one of the finest players!”
Nerrhavia scowled at him.
“Do not be uppity with me, [Necromancer]. Do you think Erin Solstice won’t squash you like an insect across the board? She calls herself the Grandmaster of Scales. She beat Dragons and Giants in the lands of the dead. I have one chance, and that is to be up close with a vessel. To distract her.”
The Necromancer folded his arms.
“Well, I fear that is unlikely. Two agents are now defunct, and I have no more I care to lose with Named-rank adventurers on patrol. The risk is beyond me.”
“Oh, then go and play your little game, Necromancer. I shall enjoy watching you lose.”
Nerrhavia turned and ignored him completely. Az’kerash ground his teeth—but he had seen Tulm lose the fifth game against Erin Solstice. Now—he turned, and Challenger #22 appeared. He halted, and Nerrhavia’s head turned back.
“Hello. Who is this girl?”
 
——
 
The scrying orb showing Erin’s next challenger made even the [Innkeeper] stop.
