9.20
Page 10
“You’re the one who posted the <Quest> for Mershi. You’re Mrsha’s friend. Aren’t you…?”
“Erin Solstice. Hi.”
She said it so casually, but her mere presence somehow halted the chaos for a second. Erin stood with the Goblins peering at the adventurers and newcomers in the background. She might have been unhappy in large events where everyone stared and fawned over her—
But in this moment, the [Innkeeper] knew just what to do and say. She spread her arms wide and beamed.
“Welcome to my inn! If you’re friends of Mrsha’s, you’re friends of mine. Do you want food? Somewhere to put your things? The Wandering Inn will never turn new friends away! Just remember to read the sign.”
“What sign?”
Lehra looked nervous, but Qwera brightened up. She reached out, and Erin’s eyes fixed on her golden fur.
“Whoa! You’re amazing!”
“It takes one to know one. Did I hear rooms, Miss Solstice? I’m afraid we couldn’t find suitable accommodations. Safe ones. [Thieves] and the like.”
“Oh—of course! We’ve got rooms on the second and third floors! Actually—we haven’t taken in any new guests, so we’ve got tons of room! Even group rooms. And my inn is super safe. Well, my garden is. No one gets in who isn’t allowed. Got valuables?”
“That would be excellent, Miss Solstice.”
Qwera smiled with great satisfaction. Lehra was still gobbling.
“You—you’re the one who knows about Mershi! Please, tell me everything!”
She tried to get to Erin, but Lehra had made a mistake—she assumed being a Named-rank Adventurer meant anything here.
She tried to reach out to Erin, and the [Innkeeper] rose two feet in the air. Mostly because Dawil was hugging her.
“Hey! Put me down! I—oh, Dawil!”
The Dwarf had tears in his eyes. But he let Erin down and gently patted her on the arm.
“You did it. Grandfathers awake, I can’t believe it.”
“Oh, Dawil. And Ylawes, Falene? I’m gonna cry! Don’t make me cry again! C’mere!”
Erin looked up, and the [Knight] and [Battlemage] were drawn into a hug far more genuine than the one Ylawes had given Ysara. Lehra practically danced around the edge of the hug, but even she couldn’t interrupt it. Then Erin was exclaiming.
“Yvlon’s sister is here? Whoa. Whoa! You have tattoos! Hi, I’m Erin.”
She shook hands with the smiling [Merchant], and then Mrsha was tugging over Vetn, who looked incredibly nervous for some reason. He stared at a point over Erin’s shoulder as he shook the [Innkeeper]’s hand.
Lehra, by contrast, had suddenly begun to explode. The genial Stargnoll was often so laissez-faire it exasperated her teammates. But when she had seen Erin—
The armband of metal on her arm had begun to glow. The Stargnoll interrupted the greetings with Vetn, or tried to.
“Excuse me, Erin. I’m Named-rank Adventurer Lehra Ruinstrider. And you know about the City of Stars. I own the Blade of Mershi.”
Erin glanced up. She focused on Lehra and frowned as the Gnoll tried to push past Falene. Obviously, the half-Elf stepped back, but Erin’s brows instantly knitted.
“Yeah. I posted the <Mythical Quest>. I’m happy to talk about it—but hold on, Falene! You have a Blade of Mershi? You’re almost there! Better work on finding the Crossroads first, though. Word to the wise.”
She gave Lehra a polite smile, and the Stargnoll gaped at Erin.
“What? Why do I need to find that? Tell me what you know! I’m—the blade has a—”
“I’ll meet with you later. Later.”
Erin was smiling, but Lehra was so excited that not even Emper and Elgrinna could stop her. She reached out to grab Erin as the young woman turned.
“Wait! Hey! I’m a Named-rank Adventurer!”
