9.20
Page 37
Joseph called to Troy. Redscar high-fived him as Troy glared back. Lyonette was all set when she realized Pawn was gone. And…she hesitated, looking at the little figure of the Workers.
But it was already being fought over by the children begging for one of their own or trying to carve a table leg into one. So she nodded to Jerom.
“We still need more activities. Anyone—I am so sorry, but if you have any activities that match the Antinium—Silveran? Or—or Chieftain Rags! Are there things we could do that celebrate Goblins?”
She looked around, and the two representatives of each species looked at her. Silveran adjusted his mustache from behind the bar uncertainly, and Rags stirred.
They looked at each other and then realized something odd.
The Antinium and Goblins didn’t…have many activities. Rags looked at Redscar, and he mimed combing Carn Wolves or punching each other for morning training. The Mountain City Goblins under Poisonbite knew feasting and their own contests, like throwing knives, but these were things modeled after Human cities, which they had stolen everything from.
Even culture. For some reason—the lack of something to define them hurt the Antinium and Goblins present more than most. Every species had something unique about them that made them good.
Even Drakes. Lyonette spared them the embarrassment as she turned.
“Well, let’s keep brainstorming. Drassi! Drassi—where are you going?”
“Sorry, Lyonette, but this is, um—not entertaining. When the Crusade rolls in or something happens—you know how to contact me.”
The Drake was making a beeline back to her studio in Pallass. Rags was signaling one of her Goblins to find a member of her posse still asleep, and Silveran was wondering if a seminar on cleaning counted.
Something was coming. But Drassi knew that she could come back and find it, and her audience was getting bored; she had a staff member, a Gnoll, covering a story while she got back.
She was halfway towards the door as Lyonette sighed when someone blocked her way. Erin Solstice was scribbling on a piece of paper, but she held a hand out as Drassi slowed. The [Reporter]’s eyes widened—and Erin Solstice looked up.
“What about my interview, Drassi? Let’s do a quick one—and you’ll have your story.”
She winked at Lyonette, and Drassi inhaled sharply. The [Reporter] looked around for a place to sit with Erin, and the [Innkeeper]’s heart began to pound. But this time she was ready.
And the [Witch], the [Innkeeper], nodded at Lyonette. This was the [Princess]’ party. But sometimes, you needed a hand. As for Erin…her eyes twinkled.
“Are you sure, Erin? And do you think it’ll be entertaining? Because some of the [Messages] people get when they look back on the scrying orbs are ruthless.”
Erin shrugged.
“Let them come. As for entertaining—”
She showed Drassi the first line of the piece of paper she was writing, and the Drake sat down. She turned on her camera, handed it to the Drake [Cameraman], and they began.
 
——
 
Niers Astoragon glumly watched as Drassi interviewed Erin. It looked like a fluff piece—the Drake was introducing The Wandering Inn and giving the interesting notes—monster attacks, a Human outside of Liscor, Antinium and Goblins welcome.
It was already, of course, fascinating enough to attract most of her regular viewers’ attention, but Niers was, uh…not invested.
Somewhere, Altestiel was probably laughing at him. Niers wondered how much you had to pay an [Assassin] to poison an [Earl]’s lunch. He thought he’d suffered once? Niers would procure laxatives made by Foliana herself!
