9.20
Page 21
For answer, Rags slid a pamphlet of paper over the table, and Fierre chuckled. But Rags just smiled blandly.
“No. I want to know by how much they’re cheating me. This is useful, right?”
“Oh, very. My goodness, is this their complete catalog of saleable items? And they just let you have it?”
Rags shrugged. She probably understood what she’d just given Fierre, but the Vampire had to explain.
“This…this is all their latest prices on all the goods they sell. They must have thought you could afford a lot, but their representatives don’t leave this lying around. Tell you what. Can I make a copy of this? I will give you a lot of credit. It’s worth money to all their competitors and enemies.”
“Sure. I like credit. It’s worthless unless we work together. But I think we can work together.”
Rags folded her hands over her stomach as Fierre quickly produced a magnifying glass. She ran it over the catalog, page by page, then ran it over a blank piece of paper. The ‘copied’ text was often blurred and badly transferred, so Fierre had to jot down quick notes and prices, but it even captured the layout.
As she worked, she looked at Rags.
“I can have a list of market prices and competitors you could find in a day’s time. I’ll even help you make contact if you can get word to me. There are speaking stones and [Message] spells that can’t be easily tracked.”
“I know. But I don’t want other competitors. It’s too much work. If they cheat us, we’re Goblins. We go into a city? We die. Better to deal with this Wharf if they’re reliable.”
That was true. Fierre shrugged; she had never considered how ‘monsters’ would have to deal with even the underworld on unfavorable terms.
“So, what? Information?”
“Mm. Information. But…I heard that Openers could open letters too. Get you things. Get rid of things.”
The Vampire glanced up, and her hand paused with the magnifying glass in hand.
“Normally I approach a fence, but I have moved items that come in Runner’s letters now and then. Why?”
Rags scratched at her chin.
“Well. I don’t need many criminal artifacts. Some—but my smiths don’t have lots of iron in the mountains. We have to dig for veins. Wood is expensive. Everything is hard to transfer. But the inn has a door, and Palt the Centaur is a…shady [Illusionist].”
“Ullsinoi. He’s a contact for spells and recreational drugs. Nothing dangerous. Yeah, why?”
An idea was percolating in Fierre’s mind, and it was the same one that Rags was surely here about. The Vampire slowly closed the catalog and slid it back over the table. Rags fixed Fierre with a smile.
“How hard is it for an Opener who knows everything to get me…two thousand steel nails? Fifteen pounds of butter? Books? Chickens? We have to find a way to take it home, but if you get me what I want, I will pay you to get it.”
Fierre blinked. She had expected it, but when Rags said it, Fierre realized—she wanted a broker. Someone to carry out her goals in Invrisil. Instantly, Fierre went to danger and benefits.
The danger was…being associated with Rags. Perhaps it’d be suspicious if she bought all that, but it wasn’t hard to hire someone to buy nails. And Rags was hardly a wanted monster like the Goblin Lord. The Wharf might be unhappy, but business was business.
And the plus side really outweighed that. Rags might be a Goblin in a tribe, and maybe she was ‘poor’, but if the Wharf wanted her business—
Imagine a town’s worth of goods. Even a fairly self-sufficient one imported sugar and goods and whatnot. Six thousand of them? Even if it were only six thousand…
