9.20
Page 34
The [Priest] felt his first flicker of actual anger so far. Lyonette bit her lip, and he wanted to pat her on the head. He sat down and stared at her.
She hadn’t grown that much older. But somehow, she looked different.
“What happened, Lyonette? There has to have been something more. Why does this feel odd?”
Lyonette laughed sadly.
“Oh, Pawn. I think we changed. It’s happened to me before. I was a young girl who liked to run around Calanfer. I had crushes—then I became a teenager. My sisters. You know them.”
“By name and personality. Unpleasant, mostly.”
The 6th [Princess] of Calanfer stared at a vision of something else.
“They weren’t always. I remember, vaguely, Seraphel being so nice before she got married. Aielef used to be this wild painter who drew on the walls of Calanfer, and I loved it even though she got in trouble. Vernoue was as shy as a mouse—now she’s just a ‘mage’. I think, sometimes, it’s not always bad. Dalimont told me about Seraphel, and it sounded like she changed again. Into something far better. No—I saw it. People change. I’m just afraid we did.”
“Then we should find out how the other has changed. Not hide from each other, Lyonette.”
He reached out to take her hands. The [Princess] looked at him unhappily.
“I think that’s true, Pawn. But maybe we should start all the way from the beginning.”
Ah. It was so quiet, he didn’t realize the boulder had hit him. The Eater Goat Antinium in his metaphor stared at half his spine before he realized that he was crushed. Pawn held so very still—his antennae twitched and moved faintly, as if in a breeze. Lyonette was squeezing her hands together until her fingers were white. Pawn looked at them.
“Why? Why do that, Lyonette?”
He took her hands with two of his own to make her stop, and the [Princess] avoided his gaze. She gently freed her hands, put them beside her. Then she came out with it at last.
“Your [Crusaders] scare me, Pawn. While I was gone, you took on the Stitch Witch of legends. The Spider of Terandria, who has led the Hundred Families of Terandria on a wild chase and dance ever since they were founded. You hurt her, Pawn. With a club, Mrsha said. And you formed the Crusade against Hectval.”
“I did not march with them. We were too weak, Lyonette.”
She nodded. And met his eyes with her earnest blue ones.
“But Pawn. You and I have different visions. When I was in Oteslia—”
“I’ve already said I understand.”
“Well, not about this!”
She whirled, and her red hair flashed along with her eyes. She splayed a hand across her chest, as if suddenly impassioned. Not the nervous girl he had once met. Or maybe the same? Prideful. But this Lyonette was also simply confident as well. And terribly sad.
“I was happy, Pawn! Happy, when I danced with Ilvriss! When I was struggling—but finding ways to move the City of Growth. When I had two of the Gentlemen Callers, Ratici and Wilovan, under my command? That’s why I didn’t push away the Thronebearers when it was all over. Because I wanted them. I wanted to explore, to push at my parents. And you…”
She looked at him, and he stared at her. She was the first person he’d been in a relationship with. Not the first person he’d loved. But the sky was just the sky, after all.
“Are you ending our relationship? Just like that? Do I get no say?”
“Pawn—I have to go downstairs. Can we talk about this later?”
He stood up from the bed. Then he lay down on his back shell.
“No. This is unfair. I am going to cry. Waah. Waaah.”
