9.20
Page 52
Cirediel thought the theory was sort of stupid because he noticed, but he also saw the appeal. The wings looked hot.
But he was cramming popcorn into his mouth with his friends in a bar as he saw one of the challengers sit down to vie to be one of Erin’s opponents. He had the scrying orb’s control, but every time a game began, Cire kept switching channels.
Because he hated chess. But watching the people talk? That was something.
The Earth Dragon felt it. In that way, he saw something people were missing.
The opponents from around the world were talking to each other. Feshi Weatherfur looked up as someone entered the scrying orb’s frame opposite her. He came in like a wrestler entering a titleship match.
Fifteen servants set up a raucous serenade of trumpets as a man in armor ran forwards to cheers from his audience. His enchanted armor flashed as he threw back a cloak off his shoulders and pointed a finger at her.
General Thelican of Nerrhavia’s Fallen was all show, despite having lost three bids for a championship position. And while Feshi herself was perplexed by his entry—he was beaming.
“I am delighted to meet you, Feshi Weatherfur!”
“Thank you, General Thelican. How is Nerrhavia’s Fallen?”
His face fell slightly.
“Oh, we’re at war with the King of Destruction, but you know how it is. Unlike some nations, we’re used to facing legends on the field, eh? You’ve clashed with the Walled Cities—how are the tribes, if you don’t mind me asking?”
It was a rather insensitive question, but Thelican followed it up with some actual insight.
“As I understand it, the lack of Chieftains means your Tribes will be partnering and safeguarding the younger ones until Chieftains emerge. No direct appointing to the role and risking a poor candidate. I think that’s a fascinating way to run leadership classes.”
Feshi blinked and ducked her head.
“That is…the way the tribes organize. I am impressed you know this, if you do not mind me saying so.”
“Everyone has been fascinated with Gnoll culture. I was dining on silkap just the other night. Delightful dish.”
What, the snack for dinner? There were obviously some disconnects, but Thelican could do worse. And in fact, he insisted on talking for nearly twenty minutes before the game even began and while it played. That was partly why he’d won some games; not all of his opponents could talk and play.
“I shall send you a suit of Nerrhavia’s [Sandstorm Dervish] armor—the kind we arm our best warriors with. Obviously, we are used to fighting in different terrain, but I think you might take something from it. And some fine items from home. A rug, perhaps. A flying rug—send her some good vintages.”
He clicked his fingers grandly to his servants, and Feshi looked surprised, but Thelican had been doing this all day. She hesitated and ducked her head.
“Then I shall send you some of Weatherfur’s finest paints and dyes. I am told even Nerrhavia lacks for the pigments we have.”
“Truly?”
Thelican raised a cup, and half of Nerrhavia’s Fallen’s [Painters] began to lambast Feshi and mock the tribal Gnoll…until she smiled.
“You do not have access to them, General Thelican. We do not sell such dyes save at the Meeting of Tribes due to how rare they are. I will send you some for cloth.”
That made him smile.
 
——
 
[Strategists] from across the world were introducing themselves. In fact, the Blighted King, whenever he appeared in a scrying orb against his opponents, often took the time to briefly speak to them.
