9.20
Page 16
She pulled at Mrsha, and the Gnoll’s ears flattened. Uh oh. Which would be worse? Erin or Lyonette?
She was wondering which one Dame Ushar was taking her to—until she realized Ushar was taking her into the kitchen. There, the Thronebearer calmly presented Mrsha to the person whose meals she was ruining.
Imani and Calescent. Mrsha gulped as Dame Ushar calmly announced that a number of guests’ meals had been ruined.
Nanette poked her head out from behind Calescent as Mrsha the Suddenly Accountable looked at Dame Ushar as the Thronebearer bowed to her. And the rest of her night?
Dishes. And cutting onions.
 
——
 
Ekirra and Visma got off easier, and their parents and siblings recovered them. Himilt was satisfied with that and sneaking away when the [Pirate]-[Farmer] caught him.
“Hold on. I saw you giving me the evil eye, fellow. Thought I’d be lashing those children?”
“…I was mistaken, sir. I hope you won’t take my actions amiss.”
“Not at all. Not at all. If I was in your shoes, I’d be ready to jump a man who did that, sea or land. I like you. And I’ve actually been wanting to talk to you, so this is a happy coincidence. Wailant Strongheart. Strongheart Farms—in Celum. You’re the Lischelle-Drakles. Practically royalty.”
The [Pirate] stuck out a hand challengingly, and now Himilt remembered the rumors of one of the most insane [Farmers] in the region who produced Sage’s Grass. He shook the hand.
“Himilt Drakle. A pleasure.”
“It is! Although all the competition’s starting to make me nervous. Like a man pissing next to a half-Giant. Have you heard about Riverfarm? My own daughter just brought me back a sample of their produce as a ‘gift’. D’you have a moment? Viceria, Viceria—here’s the Drakle family!”
“And you’ve made the worst impression so far, Wailant. Hello, sir. At least invite the family over!”
To Himilt’s surprise, the two [Farmers] were exceptionally cordial, if unique. In short order, he found himself discussing his new venture with Wailant.
“Seems like a huge risk, moving from Reizmelt all the way here. Don’t tell me the Drakes offering you a pittance to do it was why.”
“Not at all. Actually, our old farmlands were dead. Not even Skills could help—if we had them.”
“Damn, really? But you’re herders, right?”
“That is our speciality, but Liscor is so fertile, we’re hoping to expand the farms.”
Wailant poured Himilt a glass of wine.
“With what, magical crops or mundane? I can’t imagine you want to try mass-farming on the lumpy hills.”
Himilt smiled.
“We will have to shift a lot of soil, but we are willing to put in the work. Even if we need to hire earth mages or the…Antinium. As for crops, we would, of course, try magical. Ashwheat. Something rare and profitable. We do feed our animals on such crops. But we’ve sold much of our herds and will acquire local stock.”
Wailant’s brows rose.
“Well. And I thought the only brave men were at sea. You’re starting completely over, aren’t you?”
The Vampire ducked his head.
“We must. So far, it has been a promising start.”
Promising, but lonely, despite them being closer to a city. And Himilt had realized that was because his family had to be, by their nature and necessity, private. Yet Wailant just indicated the door that led out the inn.
“Well, it wouldn’t be right for me not to offer a Lischelle-Drakle the hospitality of my house. Would you care for a luncheon or dinner sometime this week? You could take a look around, and if you need to know the best vendors, I can set you up. Although frankly, this inn is lucrative in itself.”
“Thank you.”
