9.20
Page 26
Bird began slapping the table as everyone laughed at him. But Inkar eyed Kevin and leaned over to whisper in his ear. Tkrn tried not to listen in or look jealous.
“Kevin. Kevin, that reminds me. You have a laptop and phones, right? And your bicycles—you should give them all to Krshia for a week.”
“Why?”
Inkar showed him her phone covertly as Rags, Pisces, and half a dozen people either looked up sharply and curiously or pretended like they had no idea what was going on.
“She can upgrade it.”
Kevin’s eyes bugged out as he saw her phone. He grabbed Joseph, and Joseph grabbed him back.
“Kevin! Dude!”
“Dude!”
Poisonbite mocked them from the table, and it had already been ironic.
“Dude.”
She sniggered, but Numbtongue was gazing up sharply with the scent of someone hearing that his favorite object besides his guitar could get…better. Rags glanced at Erin, and the [Innkeeper] smiled.
“That’s something I think we should show you, Rags. And I don’t even have to be there. I hear Lyonette’s got a chess tournament going on, and there’s the bazaar, Lyonette’s activities—but there’s always time for a phone, right?”
 
——
 
Phones. Phones were something, you had to admit. Even if you came from a world where you were used to them, the modern phone even of Erin’s 2016 was so advanced it could do things that would astound any Human who had come in centuries before.
And that was back then. Inkar’s upgraded phone was so powerful that, if it had internet, it would have been able to perform an endless number of functions with ease. Without?
It was…less useful. However, consider the uses.
It could perform any number of advanced mathematical calculations in the blink of an eye, take perfect recordings of sound and image, play music and even entertainment. Depending on the apps, it could translate words, play games, and all it took was a [Repair] spell to keep it going forever.
For someone who didn’t know what a phone was—it was addictive. So real that when the first enemy came screaming at Redscar, he nearly broke Kevin’s laptop with a punch.
So—imagine how addictive this technology was if you had context, even if you were an Earther. Now, imagine if you were a Goblin who got to play with one.
Then, imagine if you were a Drake with onyx black scales, who had found a phone, managed to unlock it, and had the most wondrous, mysterious device, all available at the tap of a claw.
Lady Salkis Blackwing was from one of Pallass’ largest noble families. The Wall Lord and Lady tradition was weak in the Walled City of Inventions, but she was still related to the late Thrissiam Blackwing and General Edellein.
Her own father, Lord Werdin, and her stepmother, the Garuda, Melika, were high nobility in Pallass. For context, Sir Relz, the monocled Drake now the beloved star of Pallass, had been a brownnoser compared to the cream of society that Salkis was in.
—It didn’t stop her from being practically confined to the Blackwing family estate, though. Salkis was in huge trouble. She had been ever since she had returned from the Meeting of Tribes.
Not that her father had seen her fighting, thankfully. Salkis had actually found herself in the mass battles, but there was so much confusion that unless you knew she was there, she could claim she had been on an adventure with the Titan of Baleros. She’d run away like the innocent Drake she was and fallen in with terrible adventurers!
