9.20
Page 30
“Is he checking this every five minutes? That wasn’t even twenty seconds!”
Grumbling, she went back to writing, but…she got it. Multiple things. For instance, she really got the fact that watching chess nonstop on Wistram News Network Channel 2 would probably crash Drassi’s viewership rating.
That was probably why the Drake kept glancing at her. After all, Drassi had to be thinking the same thing Erin was fearing.
It might be time for an interview.
Erin Solstice had been interviewed before, but as ‘[Innkeeper] of that inn that just suffered a monster attack’. Never before as Erin Solstice.
Today, though? Erin saw Drassi arguing with a nervous Lyonette, and Erin felt like the [Princess] should have asked for more help. If not from Erin alone, perhaps from others? After all, Erin never did anything by herself. Lyonette had the basis. But problems were encroaching from multiple angles.
Pawn was marching through the door with Yellow Splatters, Purple Smile, and some of the Painted Antinium with a look that said he wanted to talk to the [Princess], and this time, no Thronebearers were going to get in his way. Also, Liscor’s entertainment director, poor Teliv, the [Negotiator], was fretting about more activities. One could not hand-paint their way out of all the children and guests here.
Well, Erin would handle some of that burden. Juuuust as soon as she finished here.
For she was writing, and the conversation, if you were a certain little lamb innocently reading upside-down while an [Innkeeper] gave you the stink-eye, looked something like this.
 
Niers: Nice hat.
Erin: Yo, yo. What’s up? How’s it going?
Niers: Yo indeed?
Niers: I apologize, I forgot you were entirely on a vacation.
Erin: It’s cool. :)
Niers: Aha. Anazu-speak.
Erin: ?
Niers: That’s what some [Mages] call the little symbols.
Erin: Emotes. Emojis. Um…smiley faces. You’re going to be seeing a lot of ‘em, I bet.
Niers: Wonderful.
Erin: u mad? ヽ(ಠ_ಠ)ノ?
Niers: No, I just hate having to learn new languages. Better to be fluent now. ◔_◔
Erin: …You’re no fun.
Niers: I’m studious. Do you want to talk over a game of chess? I can squeeze one in for the morning if we make it fast. 10 seconds per move?
Erin: Eh. I’m sort of busy.
Niers: Ah, understood. It’s been difficult for us to play.
Erin: Since I was dead. We played a game or two when you sent me that chessboard.
Niers: No need to thank me. It’s a collectible.
Erin: Got it.
 
Silence for a second. Nerry the Lamb gave Erin a long look, and the [Innkeeper] actually stopped trying to poke her with the quill enough to sigh.
“What, you too?”
The lamb made a gagging sound as the conversation continued. She trotted off, and Erin rolled her eyes.
 
Niers: I’m not hurt, just disappointed we’ve been chatting less and less. I hope Bird hasn’t been spreading lies about me.
Erin: Bird lies about everything, including birds. It’s just sorta odd, y’know? Like chatting up Altestiel. We played then too.
Niers: True. I’m just kicking myself for not being there. Listen, if I’m bothering you, do tell me. I know you’re in a busy situation right now, and I’m always checking my artifacts. It comes from having a spy network and a company to run.
Erin: See, you’re doing it again. This. This.
Niers: What?
Foliana: He’s doing it again.
Erin: Hey, Foliana! Are you feeling better?
Foliana: Is thumbs up.
Erin: That’s not quite how emojis work, but that’s great! Hey, how are you on this? Is Niers sharing the chat…scroll or something?
Foliana: I stole it from him.
Erin: You’re cool. Can I speak to Niers?
Foliana: Mm. Be nice.
