9.20
Page 27
She thought at least her father had bought it. He really couldn’t believe she had gone off to fight deliberately, and his wrath had abated over this month mostly because Salkis hadn’t gone out and caused trouble.
And that was because…
Salkis rolled over in her bed, clutching at the phone. If anyone knocked, she’d hide it under her covers, but right now, she was listening to a very, very quiet song.
Music! While she tapped happily and a fat bird ruined a few structures with its face. Salkis hadn’t even listened to every song—there were hundreds! But ever since the helpful [Lockpicker] had opened it—
Oh, she was so glad Ryoka Griffin hadn’t died. Because this phone was amazing. Salkis opened up the photos and stared at images of Ryoka’s most personal lifestyle. She paged through street graffiti that Ryoka had found interesting, an attempted selfie, her posing under a streetlamp—
The amount of blackmail she had was amazing. Not least the fact that this was an old phone that Ryoka had had for years. It had…personal voice recordings. Videos. And a lot of songs and music that Ryoka liked.
But the main thing in Salkis’ heart right now was a burning curiosity to know what the hell this was. She knew it was an iPhone, and she had deciphered some information from the product details, but none of it made sense.
Even if this were top-secret, Salkis heard Edellein talking with her father. She would have known if an artifact this powerful were in the possession of a Walled City or in the world. Since they hadn’t discussed it, she had to assume it was even more top-secret still, and why would Ryoka have it then?
Or…Salkis was wrestling with another idea. She was coming to the same conclusion as a certain Sinew Magus, but unlike Grimalkin, Salkis could well believe that there was some secret she didn’t know about.
After all. She was a Bloodfeast Raider.
Mind you, Salkis hadn’t done any raiding since she’d left with the Fellowship of the Inn. It had been a whim, the hunch that the Goblin, Numbtongue, could lead her to a great and bloody adventure.
Well, she’d gotten that, but not in the way she expected. Now she was in trouble, but Salkis didn’t care.
She was famous. Her father still let her go out once a week, and he was easing up; the moment Salkis had found some of her real friends, they had been all over her. They knew that she’d been in the Meeting of Tribes, and they told her that the others were furious.
The Raiders had a hierarchy, and Salkis wouldn’t have denied that made her nervous, but even the others in the city who shared her tastes looked at her like someone who’d gotten to rub shoulders with legends. The Titan? Fighting in a war?
She basked in their approbations. For a few hours. Then she went back, played on her phone, and claimed, accurately, that her father had kept her from going out.
But she was sure that she could have begged Werdin to let her visit her friends’ estates. He thought they painted each other’s nails or gossiped.
In reality, the truth was more complex. Salkis didn’t go out on the town or visit the raiders, and not just because the phone fascinated her. That was one thing. The other was…
Ancestors, my friends are so boring.
The Drake did not say that out loud. She just thought it and wondered why she suddenly found them boring. They were dangerous, able to kill, wild and crazy—
And she just thought it sounded weird. They had asked if she wanted to join another raid soon, and she had gone…eh, inside. Because what was the point?
