9.20
Page 43
The [Innkeeper] was smiling. She began to play, and the entire lunar world quaked as she put down her pieces. The guests of her inn only saw part of what Pisces saw—
Like they were staring at a distant dreamy battle occurring on the horizon. It reflected itself over Pisces and Erin’s heads. Just for a second. But that was enough for them to realize what made the [Necromancer] flinch.
Pisces was almost—almost able to think of a move when a wailing sound filled the air. He jumped and heard a screaming wail of electric strings. A bass howling like the storm he felt whipping around the world he was trapped in.
The [Necromancer] and the guests turned and saw a Hobgoblin [Bard] playing on a guitar. Like his other theme songs—he was playing one for Erin. But not Erin the [Innkeeper] of so many emotions, wondrous and gentle.
He was playing a rock song for the chess monster sitting across from Pisces. Erin’s eyes flashed with amusement, and a ray of solar fire baked Pisces. She pointed at him, and his mind went blank as he saw what Inkar feared.
A hill—a mountain with burning eyes, as tall as the horizon, flanked by the legends of death, waiting for him. She spoke, and his bones quaked.
“Your move.”
 
——
 
The [Necromancer] died so fast that only his slow play drew out the match to five minutes. But that was okay—no one said anything as he tipped over his king piece, then shot out of his chair.
Mrsha was hiding behind Moore. They could only see—flickers of what Pisces was seeing. But they felt the inn trembling. Numbtongue liked it, and so did his band.
Kevin was slamming on a drum as Saliss took a backup guitar and Bird just—screamed into a microphone. The band was revolutionizing a sci-fi rock song genre, and the music was like a challenge. It slowed a bit as the [Necromancer] backed away and Erin stopped glowing.
“What was—what was—”
Pisces pointed at Erin, and the burning gaze faded. Erin blinked—and the glowing class and Skills faded. She poked at herself and then seemed to come out of a trance.
“Whoa. What was that?”
That was what the chess players had to face. Gire, Niers’ students, the Titan himself—
Niers was grinning. He felt sweat rolling down his back, but he couldn’t stop the smile. What a monster.
If only she’d taken levels in her real class. But for a second, you could sit down and face—
Erin Solstice. 
Chaldion, the greatest chess player in Pallass, was sweating himself as he tried to figure out another move. His [Path to Victory]…
No longer seemed like the trump card it had been. Erin Solstice stood up. She spread her arms as she faced the scrying orb.
“I’ll be waiting. If nothing else, I’ll probably get tired. Now. Who’s coming at me? Sign up now. The first person to work up the rankings gets a chess match with me. And we continue until I lose.”
So who was going to play? The answer was…
Everyone.
 
——
 
Earl Altestiel was on his way back to Desonis from Calanfer. But he was screaming at Kiish to go faster, and his carriage was swerving left down a road. He’d begun picking up speed ever since this morning, but the first games in Liscor’s tournament had begun!
There was a two-silver entry fee, which Lyonette had imposed just to pay for all the [Mages] and stop the number of entrants from climbing past the thousands. In fact, she’d begged the Mage’s Guilds to send her the regional champions.
And even then—Altestiel was speaking into a stone.
