9.20
Page 38
War’s not over. Rally, regroup, and get back in it.
He worried for Erin, because as she had just said—this was not her forte, and if she thought Drassi was going to play nice the entire time—she hadn’t seen Drassi’s interviews.
The [Honest Reporter] had kept up her habit of pressing her interviewees, and the Queen of Nerrhavia’s Fallen had been only the first victim. So Drassi leaned over the table as the camera caught both of them—Mrsha was trying to pose in the background until the other children shoved into the camera, and they were all herded off by a member of Drassi’s crew.
“So, Erin. We’ve been friends and for our viewers, I have to tell you I was a [Barmaid] and then a [Bartender] at The Wandering Inn before I found my current job. There’s a bit of bias here, but I want to be impartial. You’re an [Innkeeper]. Dare I say the best in Liscor?”
“Hm…I dunno about that, Drassi. How do you rank best inns and stuff? People complain about mine all the time.”
“Level? What level are you, Erin? Over Level 40? Over Level 30, definitely.”
Erin hesitated.
“That’s private. Sorry.”
“No problem. But your inn is rather fantastic, don’t you agree? I’ve been to Liscor’s top inn within the city, The Tailless Thief, and while it’s ahead on staff, service, consistency—your inn has been at the center of any number of huge events. You’ve survived Creler attacks, the inn’s been destroyed how many times?”
“Tw—three? I’ve lost count.”
It was definitely a funny interview. The [Innkeeper] was nervous, but she had a bit of composure a lot of guests lacked. As if she knew how to do this. Drassi laughed.
“And you make magical food! Can we get an example, maybe of your ‘mana candies’? So you have magical food, Antinium on staff, and your inn has a sign that says ‘No Killing Goblins’. Can you tell us why?”
“Um…because I don’t want people to kill Goblins? They saved my life once.”
Drassi nodded reasonably.
“But Goblins are monsters to the rest of the world. Now, one group did just bail out a bunch of Humans and the Antinium Crusade in the north, and we have a precedent with Velan the Kind—but that cuts both ways. How would you discuss the issue of the Goblin King with Izrilians or other people who remember him within this generation?”
Erin hesitated.
“…There are dangerous Goblins, just like there are criminals and [Warlords] in every species. I’m just saying—not every Goblin is trying to kill you. Like…like her. See? There’s a Goblin. Hi, Gothica.”
She smiled as a Goblin wearing all black, including lipstick and makeup, passed by. Niers winced because he knew this was not the example Erin needed.
 
——
 
Somewhere across the world, on Rhir, a passing Earther grabbed a scrying orb.
“No fucking way. Hey! Tell Béclaire I found her other [Goth]! She’s not going to believe this!”
The orb caught Gothica as she froze, then deliberately turned to Erin and flipped her off. And in doing so, she flipped off the entire world.
She leveled.
 
——
 
Drassi covered a smile as Erin waved a fist at Gothica. She went on with a chuckle in her voice.
“Alright, we can dig into the Goblins angle later, but let’s just settle one thing so our viewers understand—you’re hosting this celebration for the victory at Orefell. Including a chess tournament with a modest cash prize, which I believe we might cover highlights of. You’re a [Magical Innkeeper], and you can produce amazing food—but can you tell the audience something that makes you special? Like how you posted the first <Quests>? Who is Erin Solstice in her own words?”
