9.20
Page 31
Niers: Foliana is a pest with no uses aside from eating moldy cupcakes off the ground. I apologize for that.
Erin: She’s sort of fun. But I was going to say that I’m pretty sure she’s not watching me via scrying spell right now.
 
The [Innkeeper] stopped and looked around meaningfully. An undead rat ducked behind a windowsill, and the Titan of Baleros winced from across the world.
 
Niers: I’m sorry about that. It’s a force of habit. My students are there, and I realize that might also look bad.
Niers: I’ve had enough of being blindsided, and getting ambushed just outside the inn counts. It’s not intrusive beyond what someone would reasonably see in the inn. The [Spies], which I’m sure you know you have, would be doing the same thing.
Erin: Yeah, but this is the thing. You’re someone who needs spies and runs the 4th Greatest Company of Baleros.
Niers: One of the Four Great Companies. I wouldn’t call us 4th, even with setbacks.
Niers: …That was meant to test my ego, wasn’t it?
Erin: Nah, I’m just being mean there.
Erin: Niers, I don’t even know you. You’re a continent away. I like playing chess, but it’s difficult to share a lotta stuff.
Niers: I understand that, and I do enjoy the chess games. :)
Erin: Well, if I’m not playing, it’s because there’s more to life than chess. I know, shocking.
Niers: Unbelievable. Well, I take your point and apologize.
Erin: Accepted. So, how’s fighting the green going? Are you making sure that icky stuff doesn’t get on your soldiers when it splashes?
 
And then the silence between the replies grew longer.
 
Erin: How fast did The Dyed Lands expand, anyways? Pisces told me you’re nearly a hundred miles out and still fighting them in some places.
Erin: Niers? You there?
Niers: Are you watching my campaign?
Erin: Don’t you get mad. It’s on the scrying orbs if you go to the Baleros networks. I thought you were watching my inn.
 
And then, if you turned to one of the scrying orbs that showed the television for The Wandering Inn, you would see that instead of an image of, well, themselves, the breakfasters were watching a quiet broadcast of the fighting in Baleros.
 
Erin: That’s the thing. Are you fighting a war and chatting?
Niers: It’s not an active battlefield, just skirmishes. Put your troops in the right spot and sometimes the enemy doesn’t even reach the front.
Erin: Yeah. But that’s not me.
Niers: So you claim.
Erin: I’m just saying, where you are, your kind of thing is different than mine, Niers. It’s not that I dislike you or think you’re a bad guy necessarily. It’s just that you’re the Titan of Baleros.
Niers: I understand. And I do have to go. Battle.
Erin: Luck.
 
She rolled up the scroll and exhaled. Erin only jumped when Ulvama tapped her on the shoulder.
“You going for a record for killing people this week?”
Erin gave her an unhappy look, and the [Shaman] bared her teeth. Erin shook her head.
“No. I’m just being honest. Sometimes you gotta.”
She turned and watched as Lyonette left the main common room with Pawn. Her Thronebearers protested and were told to stand there and help the painting. Visma beamed as she ran over to Ser Dalimont to make her kite.
She tripped, and Erin sighed as Visma’s colorful paper fluttered up and flew, flew…straight into the fireplace. Visma stared in horror as her piece of paper lit up.
Sometimes, things just sucked.
 
——
 
When they finally had a moment to talk together, Pawn was happy.
Happy in the oddest of ways. Because he had marched right up to Lyonette and told her he wanted to speak, and she had looked at him and hesitated until she agreed.
