9.20
Page 29
Erin hadn’t heard of yesterday’s exhaustive planning until today, and she looked slightly askance as the children drew on a front and back image of an Antinium Worker or Soldier. More guests had come with the children, and Jerom was sitting against the bar as Fierre yawned and scribbled on a piece of parchment in one part of the inn. Himilt had come to admire Erin’s [Garden of Sanctuary], and Lyonette was distractedly talking.
“Yes, a chess game. Can you attend? The prize is modest—eighty gold pieces, but we will have excellent players from around the world! It will be broadcast via Wistram News Network if there is time…”
She was having trouble. But she hadn’t asked for help—yet. Erin watched Visma dab glittery paint all over her Antinium.
“Is this in bad taste?”
She whispered to Bird and Ksmvr, and both Antinium looked at her.
“I do not know. I am Bird.”
“I am not part of the Free Hive either.”
Erin turned to Klbkch, but the Prognugator just shrugged when she sidled over.
“Children are performing an activity with Antinium. This is a positive for the Antinium as I see it.”
“Yeah, but it’s painting. That’s sort of a personal thing for the Painted Antinium, you know?”
Klbkch stared blankly at Erin and sighed audibly.
“Is this another emotional element for them? I would not know, Erin. I do not paint my shell.”
Erin gave up. Clearly a representative for the Painted Antinium was not here, and the children seemed to be having…mild fun.
“Miss Lyonette, Miss Lyonette, I’m done! Can I fly it now?”
The first child to be done was Ekirra, who ran over so Ushar could help him attach it to a bit of string. Then the paper could soar in a brisk breeze.
“Anyone gone to the bazaar yet? I’m going to.”
“It’s pretty exciting, Erin. There’s a lot on sale.”
Selys smiled as Erin casually opened a roll of parchment and winced at what she saw. The [Innkeeper] looked up with a laugh.
“Then I’ll definitely go! I want to see what Ysara and Qwera sell.”
“Oh—can you wait, Erin? I’m trying to find a bunch of activities, but I still don’t have quite enough to fill all of today!”
Lyonette was fretting, and Erin sighed, but agreed to hold on. She sat there as Mrsha industriously slapped her Antinium sketch with black pawprints…then stared at the Antinium and drooped as she remembered.
Today, the only big thing Erin knew she was part of was the chess tournament, and she actually thought her day might be restful. However, Rags had reminded her that it was one thing to talk or be ‘friends’ and another to know someone.
So, thoughtfully, she gazed down at the [Message] scroll as she idled at the bar and began to write. Once more, The Wandering Inn began to fill with guests. Lyonette was hopefully organizing the chess tournament. She had a bracket system and everything for people to win upwards and challenge Erin.
International guests would start ‘higher’ than a general tourney locally, which would produce around sixty of the top players. Then they would repeatedly clash on their way up.
She’d promised Erin that the [Innkeeper] wouldn’t be ‘forced’ to play more players as she would be seeded very high. Which just went to show that she really didn’t understand Erin’s passions at all.
Naturally, Drassi was there, because the tournament with a cash prize was news. However…one look at the inn setting up board games on a lot of the tables and Drassi saw a problem.
“…like heck this is going to be fun to watch…”
Erin glanced up as the Drake edged past her to have a conference with Lyonette. The [Innkeeper] smiled. She glanced down, and a line of text appeared.
