9.20
Page 9
“Ysara, this is an amazing coincidence. I am delighted to see you! What brought you to Liscor? The bazaar? Father and Mother will be delighted to hear from you.”
“Of course. And yes. Here I am, back in the north, or close enough. Look at you two heroes of the day.”
Ysara’s smile was about as genuine as Qwera’s fur. Which was to say, it wasn’t completely fake, but it had layers and hidden meaning. Yvlon glanced at her sister, but she reached out.
“You’re still wearing your sword.”
She pointed, and Ysara’s look of reserve turned to amusement.
“I still have to defend myself. But I’d say you two have long since passed me.”
“Not in talent. Not in talent. How are you? Is that—is that Gnoll made of gold? We just got in. This is incredible. Sit, please. Are you staying?”
Ylawes regained his composure faster—right until he noticed Ysara’s tattoos. One ran up her neck, and she had some on her arms and other places, more hidden by her clothing. He stared at the colorful tattoos with his mouth open, and Ysara sighed.
“Those are new.”
Yvlon managed. Ylawes was silently gobbling air, and Ysara was endlessly grateful for Qwera. She must have sensed the awkwardness, and she came over in full merchant-mode.
“Well, here are your younger siblings! I’m Qwera, the Golden Gnoll. Just an alias. It is a delight to meet Ysara’s family—she is endlessly proud.”
“Oh, hello, hello.”
Both Yvlon and Ylawes instantly turned to greet her, and the moment warmed back up again, especially when Ceria came tromping into the inn.
“Is that your older sister and a golden—tree sap, it’s Lehra Ruinstrider!”
She pointed at Lehra, and the Gnoll pointed back.
“It’s Ceria! I saw you on the scrying orb! Autographs! Where’s the Silver Killer? Ohmygosh, there she is!”
She swerved as she saw Yvlon, and the [Armsmistress]’ face said it all. Ylawes tried to bow to Lehra.
“I am such a fan, Yvlon! You are the most hardcore adventurer ever! And—hi, are you a warrior too?”
“Ylawes Byres, Captain of the Silver Swords. A famous Gold-rank team.”
Someone hissed in Lehra’s ear. Elgrinna, the Dwarf [Warrior], actually yanked on Lehra’s tail. The Gnoll started, slapped Elgrinna’s hand, then turned beet red.
“Oh no! I mean—hello!”
“Adventurer Ruinstrider, it’s an honor.”
That was all Ylawes managed. He couldn’t help but glance at Yvlon, then looked up—and saw his older sister’s knowing smile.
It was rare for Ylawes to look that uncomfortable. But Dawil was all there for it. In fact, he was right there, and he and Elgrinna were slapping each other on the back.
“A Dwarf from home! What’s with your adventurer? Don’t recognize some veterans, Miss Elgrinna?”
“Aw, here comes Axemaster Dawil, here to lecture me. Hero of Dwarfhome! If I could have teleported, I’d have been right with you. You damn credit to your people, you.”
Falene Skystrall was nodding to the Gazer [Wizard], Suxhel, and Emper, the Stitch-man [Monk]. They were certainly a sight for sore eyes!
In fact, Lyonette could barely keep up with the introductions! Mrsha was in the mix as Lehra tossed her up and down, and Moore gently caught her; Lehra gaped up at him in delight. But no one could get in a word edgewise for a second.
That was, until someone waved.
“Hey. Who’re all these people? I’m Erin. Are these your friends, Mrsha?”
Then they turned, and Qwera, Ysara, Vetn, Stargazer’s Promise—all looked at Erin Solstice. Ylawes himself hadn’t seen her, and he rose to his feet in awe. Dawil turned and smiled. He exhaled as if he’d been holding a breath, and Lehra pointed at Erin.
