Epilogue
Page 2
There were no other reasons at all. Nor did he appear at the inn. Neither did Watch Captain Zevara. She just calmly looked at the chaos on that hill and reset her little calendar marking the days since a ‘Solstice event’ back to zero.
She wasn’t smiling as she poured herself a little cup. The Watch Captain had to be at her desk. She’d go there—after clocking out.
 
——
 
Time. It had been a long time. The chaos would certainly return, and the Watch were already preparing briefings for the new recruits.
In time, they’d surely start complaining about that stupid, crazy Human. Tomorrow. But this hour was for meetings.
Some people had waited a long time to meet Erin Solstice. They could wait and watch a second longer. A minute…savoring this moment.
When Rags got tired of savoring the moment, she kicked everyone in the shins, and Erin Solstice looked up from the swearing. Her eyes met a little Goblin’s, and an [Innkeeper] in her inn stared at a familiar, awkward smile.
“Rags…?”
She was taller and older, but then Erin was being helped up, and there they were.
A Drake and an Antinium probably wasting Watch hours when they should be on duty.
A strange Human girl from far away, on a long journey.
A sniffing [Necromancer], pretending he was aloof to it all.
And a little Goblin, who hesitated, all the words she’d practiced flying out of her head.
“Rags!”
“H-hello, Erin.”
The [Innkeeper] looked at her in shock.
“You can talk?”
Rags rolled her eyes. But then she smiled, and Erin was laughing. She looked around, and her mind whirled.
They were all here. It was glorious. It was a miracle. Erin looked from face to face and realized—Ryoka Griffin wasn’t here. Nor was…
Was…
For a second, the vision of the living wavered, and Erin thought she saw another company. Of supercilious rulers. Strange legends. Bossy [Witches]. Her smile wavered, and her friends and guests saw the [Innkeeper] look about.
Erin gazed around and felt, suddenly, a terrible fear sweeping over her.
She had returned from the land of the dead. But a war had been lost. A screaming dead god still fell into the wound of the world. Seamwalkers had been destroyed.
Yet the ones who lived stared up from their nest in the grave of gods and other continents and now knew there was a world above. A’ctelios had gone silent, as had Rhir, but for how long?
The gods walked this mortal land. Four out of the six had been vanquished, but forever? One god was screaming in a box. Two more flew through space as the last ghost and Agelum fought them.
A Dragon lived. But how much of him? Teriarch spoke to Manus and Rafaema, but his eyes flickered to the [Maid] standing there and watching him. Not a trace of recognition was in his eyes.
For, like Erin…his memory of what he had been told was changed. But that was not the only reason.
 
——
 
He was still walking. A half-Elf trailed across the ground, bleeding magic. The armies had fled his death. But he was still dying.
“I don’t want to die.”
Eldavin whispered. He was alone. The Simulacrum was untethered forever from the Dragon. He stumbled and fell.
No more magic. No hope of salvation himself. His heart was empty. He lay there until a pair of figures found him.
Were they even there? The half-Elf looked up.
“Who are you?”
It would be a question that echoed around the world in time. It was a herald, but the two just smiled at him. The first, an old woman with eyes like death, bent down. A mother, a young woman, next to a warrior. Both of them reached down. They whispered to him. An offer.
“Do you want to live, Eldavin? Take my hand.”
