Epilogue
Page 5
The Goddess of Death glared at Zineryr as he pretended to shudder. She spoke softly.
“This is the end. The ghosts did more than I thought possible, but they are all gone. So, Gnome. So, Zineryr…tell your last joke. Play your last prank. Then take my hand.”
She waited, and the merry look faded on Zineryr’s face. He looked at her and then stood, brushing down the spacesuit he wore. He turned to Kasigna, and when he replied, he looked as young as the days when they had both lived.
“Kasigna. I have always loved you.”
She waited for the joke at her expense, the prank on the divine. But Zineryr went on.
“Of all the gods, I did love you. Because you, for all the arrogance of the others, for all the cunning—even intelligence of some, the bravery of others, I knew that when I died, you would take my hand, and I would have meaning in the afterlife. Even if it was what you thought. I loved you all, but you had a vision for this world I could not countenance. I did weep when I chose to take arms against you. I did hesitate. But I loved you.”
He looked in her eyes, and the Goddess stood there. Zineryr went on.
“When you returned…perhaps the ghosts and I wondered if you had changed. All this strife. This destruction. Even you all wept for what came to pass. An eternity of death, yet you clung to existence. And after so long—you did not change. After all your mistakes? You did what you had done before.”
He hung his head.
“Perhaps…even we hoped you might become something different. Yet even Cauwine only changes slightly. Were the gods we loved so static? Will all of what passed, that even you call a time of legends, be wasted if nothing changes?”
The Goddess of Death had nothing to say. Zineryr shrugged his shoulders wearily.
“I am Zineryr, the first Gnome to fly into the stars. I am the last ghost of the Second-Furthest Travelers. I slew my gods, and I watched the ghosts of the world fight until their end. They fought with a glory and courage that has never faded from the days when I lived and breathed.”
He turned, and his eyes encompassed the entire war in this blackness. The Gnome sighed.
“Yet they did end. And here I stand, the last ghost of all. The Goddess of Death whom I loved and still…still a part of me loves, asks me for a final joke.”
The Gnome looked up at Kasigna, and she gazed down at him. Her head lowered slightly, and Zineryr whispered.
“The joke is this: the gods did defeat the dead. They ate every last ghost. Two gods fell, and two more were carried away, all by ghosts. A single [Innkeeper] escaped the gods, and the Faerie King drew his odd designs across fate itself. Then…then Kasigna said: we will surely win this time.”
He turned and smiled. Up, up at the goddess, and the three-in-one did not smile. Zineryr did, and he chuckled. Then he reached out—
And was gone.
Kasigna stood there a while, his words echoing in her ears. Then she bent her head once more to her great task. After all…they had time.
 
——
 
Time. Erin Solstice looked around in a lull between all the furious voices—she wasn’t hearing much anyways, just getting hugs. Her body was so…weak.
She felt dizzy. She felt despairing and hopeful and…
They had time. But she had a mission. She knew that. Erin Solstice closed her eyes. She…
She had met…?
“Who was he? Who were they? Why can’t I remember?”
Tears sprang to her eyes, and she collapsed backwards. This changing world moved around her, and when she had the strength to get up, there was everything to do.
