Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 9
“They never came up this far. Yolden hasn’t ever seen an Antinium. We have a few heads mounted as souvenirs…er…”
She trailed off. Olesm gave her a steady look.
“I see. But the Antinium aren’t as much of a threat as the ‘Heckies’. Is this a formal offer or just an inquiry to see what we’re like, Captain Voita? I am pleased to talk to you, but I trust you’ll represent your entire city. Or do you not have that authority?”
Uneasily, she sat up and, though flustered, spoke professionally.
“No, sir! I can speak for the Township. However, I will need them to vote on agreement. But we’re prepared to vote fast. Frankly, sir, no one wants to lose the chance to get back what’s ours. I’m with 22nd Command; each town has their own force, and I’m from the last one.”
“Twenty-two towns? Go on.”
Olesm had learned the fine art of negotiation from Maviola and, to some extent, Chaldion as well. He was friendly…up to a point. But Voita deferred to him, which meant he had all his cards in his claw…and some of hers.
It seemed like Yolden really wanted a friend. And they really didn’t want to bleed much.
“See, we could hit Drisshia’s mines. Tie up some of their forces. They’ve got a big, fat one they’re practically leaving open. If your army ties up their forces…”
“Yolden gets to take a mine, and we bleed for it. I’m not interested in giving Yolden free real estate, Captain Voita. Why should my [Soldiers], who’ve been fighting and dying for two months, distract Drisshia long enough for Yolden to swoop in? If we take Drisshia’s mines, I’d rather collapse them or take control ourselves.”
She blanched.
“What? Collapse them? Take control?”
“Why not?”
“Well…we fight over them! We could really use the iron.”
Olesm smiled and looked past Voita at a map of the region.
“So will Yolden fight Liscor?”
“No—Commander, we’ve gotten on the wrong foot. Clearly! Doine, we’re not proposing Liscor do all the work!”
“That sounds like what you just offered me. Let’s try again. Why hasn’t Yolden already attacked? My guess is that you don’t care to antagonize Drisshia in case this war ends and they turn on you.”
Voita nodded uneasily, trying to stay ahead of the conversation. Olesm knew what it must be like. She wanted him to like her, and she had to report back to her Township. He knew what it was like to be a young officer who suddenly ran into a grandmaster chess player or suddenly had to deal with the threat of war.
Now that he was on the other side of it, he felt vaguely bad for her…and did exactly what would have given him cold sweats, putting her tail over the fire.
“What can Yolden offer me? I mean real forces, Captain Voita. Enforced by a magical contract. I have to report back to Liscor’s Council as well, but I am [Strategist] for Liscor. Let’s say Yolden wants those mines. How much are they willing to pay to keep them?”
“In…a share of the ore? Gold?”
Voita looked uneasy. Olesm gave her an incredulous stare.
“No, I mean how many [Soldiers] are they willing to spare? How many for a mine? Because if you want Liscor to back you after the war is done, I want at least a thousand.”
“A thousand—?”
“Convince me. How many [Soldiers] does Yolden have? What’s your distribution of forces?”
The poor [Captain] gave Olesm the standing number of Yolden’s army for free and realized halfway through him grilling her about their locations that she really should have held onto that. Olesm really did feel bad for her, so he signed her an autograph card. Then asked if she’d ever wanted to visit Pallass.
 
 
 
 
Embria, [Wing Commander]
 
“Ancestors, he’s hanging her out to dry.”
