Interlude – Perspective and Pas
Page 6
Even Ressa didn’t know. But she laid one more piece of information on Reynold.
“That’s just a bit of servant gossip. Keep it in mind when we leave.”
“…Naturally, Miss Ressa. The other?”
“Prepare yourself for a trip. Lady Reinhart has, in her infinite wisdom, decided to split some of her gifts that are Oteslia-bound. She is going to get every signatory she can before leaving. You are going to present some gifts to the Gnolls.”
Reynold’s head snapped up.
“But Zeres’ army is outside. I can’t imagine they’ll be keen to let Lady Reinhart leave, the statement we made at the gates or not! Ressa, I can’t guarantee her safety.”
Ressa gave Reynold a happy, sympathetic smile. And that chilled him to the bone worse than any scowl.
“No. Which is why she won’t be going.”
She patted him on the shoulder. Reynold took a moment to let that sink in. He pressed some cool fingers to his brow.
“About my vacation…”
“After this. Bonuses, as well.”
“Very good, Miss Ressa. Might I request a change in shifts?”
“Why?”
“I have the pressing need to find a drink.”
Ressa thought about it.
“Granted.”
The [Butler] nodded smartly, gave her a bow, and stepped lively over to the nearest available drinks. No good, cheap beer or ale. But the fancy stuff did it, and maybe they were serving Firebreath Whiskey, an impropriety to the occasion or not?
He found something almost as good; Hoshill Champagne. Now, your average champagne was slightly less alcoholic than wine. Of course, they also served it in tiny glasses. But Hoshill Champagne was a particular type of the stuff that was made from grapes. All kinds of grapes, but grown on Hoshill.
It was a place in Izril with higher-than-average gravity. Reynold didn’t know the details. Someone had been mucking around with physics, as usual. The end result was a particular kind of grape that took to a stronger, more concentrated drink, even after fermentation.
Strong stuff, which they served in what Reynold had always thought of as a noble’s version of a shot glass. It was a fluted, fancy, thin glass, practically pencil-wide and almost as long.
He calmly walked around the table, to where one of the staff was serving drinks.
“Excuse me, Miss. Would you mind if I…?”
She recognized him as being in the employ of the caterer, and nodded.
“Of course. Do you need some drinks?”
She offered the tray, which had little holsters to prevent the glasses from tilting. Reynold adjusted his suit lapels.
“I shall requisition what is needed, thank you very much.”
She nodded. The Drake watched as Reynold carefully picked out an appropriate vessel. Which was the biggest cup he could find. Then he expertly popped the cork on another bottle, filled the entire cup up to the brim, and took it down.
Her mouth opened wide with awe. Reynold sighed. Now that hit you well and truly proper. One of the other guests, none other than Wall Lord Aldonss of Manus, stared at Reynold. He checked his tiny glass, then tried to copy the [Butler]. He took down two mouthfuls of the Hoshill Champagne and realized he’d made a mistake when the world tilted forty five degrees. Reynold just poured himself a second cup.
Someone else drinking hard was also causing a scene. Two rather shabby fellows were clinking cups of wine. They would have fit in, normally…except that both had scorched clothing, dried blood all over their scales and fur, and they had just been seen laying waste to everyone within reach.
“Not today, then, Ratici. We nearly died.”
“Nearly, Wilovan, nearly. Here’s to nearly. Was that the aforementioned boon I saw on you?”
“Ratici, it was.”
“What did it feel like?”
