Interlude – Lifting Ants
Page 17
She had a minute left and Bird was gone. But he had been here. He wasn’t in a sack; she’d smell that. Ergo…
Mrsha put her head to the ground and sniffed, like a dog. Krshia said never to copy it and Mrsha usually didn’t need to. But she needed absolute smellability. She slowly traced Bird’s very steps.
Here, from the door, all the way to this wall. But there was nothing here. Mrsha stared up. She could smell even where Bird had stood. And then—a faint smell of Bird. But hidden.
Mrsha stared up at the wall. In the gloom, her eyes narrowed.
What’s this, then? There was something odd about this part of the wall. Very odd.
No—wait, there wasn’t. Mrsha was just imagining it. There was no secret lever. She sighed, sat down—
And noticed the concealed, tiny stone ring in the floor. Mrsha’s eyes went round. She stared at the ring. And then she slowly grabbed it and heaved.
Part of the stone floor came up. The hatch was perfectly balanced so even Mrsha could slide it open. And there, sitting in the secret tunnel was Bird. Eating a bird.
Mrsha stared. Bird jumped as he dropped his bit of filched chicken. He stared up at Mrsha. Then his mandibles opened.
“Aah! You found me! But this is my best hiding spot! You are not supposed to know about it! Or Erin! Or anyone!”
Mrsha grinned, wagging her tail and signing victory. But Bird seemed genuinely nervous. He stood up and waved all four hands.
“I lose, yes. I am a bad hider. Let us go. Do not tell Erin about the bird, please? Or she will make me not-hunt even longer.”
The little Gnoll had no intention of tattling on Bird. But the tunnel on the other hand was fascinating to her. Someone had built it! And Bird had known about it! She stared at the incredibly concealed hatch—so well hidden that she and the other Gnolls had never spotted it even with their keen eyes all the time they’d been down there.
“I will just close this—no, Mrsha. You cannot go in. It is very secret. You should not have found me. But I wanted to win—”
Bird was reaching for the trap door’s handle. Mrsha ignored him. She leapt down into the tunnel. It was dirt. Hard, and compact. Bird froze.
“Mrsha! Do not go down there!”
The little Gnoll saw him rush down the hatchway. She took off as Bird ran at her, trying to grab her. Where would this lead? How had it existed and she never knew? Numbtongue would never find her!
Mrsha darted ahead as Bird ran after her as fast as he could. But the Worker couldn’t catch the speedy little Gnoll. Bird’s voice was loud. And, for once, anxious.
“Oh no. Mrsha, come back. It is bad to go down that tunnel. Come back!”
The Gnoll ignored him. This tunnel was long! It was almost completely straight, but it was curving ever-so-slightly, and going down and down! It was also almost pitch-black, but there were points of luminescence tactically scattered on the walls. Glowing moss?
“Mrsha! This is not part of the game! I will be angry! Please come back!”
Onwards, downwards! Rushing, stale wind! And up ahead—a drumming sound, coming through the earth. Mrsha ran, fast and free. She didn’t fear Bird being angry. He never got angry. He was the nicest—
“Mrsha. Come back!”
The Antinium Worker shouted. Mrsha slowed. She turned back at the real note of alarm in his voice. And then—
The walls moved. Six huge Antinium Soldiers stepped out of the concealed alcoves they had been standing in. Mrsha froze as they raised their fists. Advancing on her. And she realized—
This was no secret tunnel to some magical place. Bird had not built it. The Antinium had.
And this was their Hive.
