Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 0

(I will be taking part in an online panel on r/Fantasy on the 23rd of April! Find out more here!)
 
“The Diamond Swords of Serept. One of the true relics of this world. Six blades, each forged by Serept of Khelt. A [King] beyond mere mortal [Kings]. He reigned for three thousand years before time consumed him. And no foe less than that ever humbled him.”
The swords shone in the ancient chest. Each one a different color; each one shaped of diamond.
Most people didn’t even know diamonds could take on color. More fools, they. But these blades had been forged of colored diamond. For instance—one was the shortest of swords, curved, a mix between a dagger and sword, really. And the diamond it had been made of was black.
Yet—transparent. Yet, lustrous. It shone in the light, the first time it had been seen in hundreds of years under the sun. Beautiful, deadly.
Magical.
“They are among Khelt’s great treasures. Each one is fit for a [General] or [King] of the old world. Perhaps none now live who are worthy of them. But a blade is meant to be used. And so—I offer my bargain.”
The speaker moved. His form was made of sand. Magic. An ancient curse. But it had replicated Fetohep of Khelt to perfection. He stood on the decks of the Emerald Signet, no longer the visage in the air. Speaking as he regarded his treasure.
“The chest is cursed. As are the artifacts. Death will befall any thief, as it did to those who stole the treasure from Khelt long ago. Yet, the blades endure. If Serept the Creator had any flaw, it was that his work was too perfect; the curse consumed the [Thieves] at sea so completely they never even uttered a word of distress. So my treasure was lost.”
The Revenant, the undead [King] turned his head. And he met a young [Lord]’s eyes. Wil Kallinad stood with Venaz, Feshi, Merrik, Yerranola, and Peki.
Staring. This was their adventure at sea. A tale of boredom, sea creatures, danger, friendship, failed romance, and hope, mixed with awe and fear throughout. But it had been their small adventure. Until this moment.
Now, they looked at a legend. And who more fitting to this story than Fetohep of Khelt? A ruler of an ancient nation. He looked at his blades, at Wil, and pointed.
“Boy. I say again: this is my bargain. It is no joke, or prank.”
His eyes flashed as the apparition spoke. It was powerful magic that gave Fetohep a presence thousands of miles from where he actually was. He gestured at the swords, each a different color and style.
“Three of the six swords. Half of the treasure that belongs to me. You will return the other three blades to my presence. And in exchange—I will grant you the use of the other three swords. For as long as you live. No longer.”
He turned his head, expecting a response. And Wil Kallinad was frozen. Because he had expected treasure, dreamed of it. But with it in front of him he couldn’t help but feel like he was dreaming.
It was Merrik who found his voice first. The Dwarf looked at Fetohep, gripping his beard in one fist. But his voice was steady. Forged of his own species’ resilience. He had seen wonders.
“Er—you, sir. You’re undead, ain’t you? Who are you, then? Some old spirit? How can we return your swords to you? Chuck ‘em back over the sides?”
Wil choked. Fetohep’s head slowly turned. But Merrik looked genuinely confused.
“I am Fetohep of Khelt. Dwarf. Ruler of Khelt, paradise of Chandrar. Do you not know of me?”
Peki started. She bowed slightly. Fetohep’s gaze flickered to her. Venaz copied the gesture.
“Khelt? Dead gods.”
