Interlude – Paradigm Shift (Pt. 2)
Page 26
“Loyalty spells. Writ first, into the center of your being. So that you would love and obey your master. Without question. Even desire his approval.”
A sad look crossed the half-Elf’s face, as if, despite it all, he had hoped not to find it. The Truestone Golem sagged against her bindings.
“He is my master. He created me, and I owe him everything.”
“No. He is your parent. And what you think you owe him is not what you have given. I know you feel the truth. It must be so…hard, though. To face the truth.”
At last, Eldavin’s face was sympathetic. He looked at the glowing lines. Then, slowly, he lifted a finger. He touched the countless lines, the first and last defense of every creator against rebellion.
Eldavin began to erase them.
“Stop! Please!”
Cognita’s voice interrupted him. Eldavin looked up.
“You see what he has done to you, Cognita. Child—I am not erasing anything but this! You may choose your destiny afterwards. I mean what I said! I have not destroyed your kin nor harmed you! I do not desire what lies above! I walked those halls before Zelkyr was born!”
“Stop, stop. I do not want you to do this.”
A sob entered her voice. Eldavin looked at her.
“How do you not see…?”
“I see. But this is what gives me life. This is all I am. The years I have been faithful, my love, my purpose, my loss—my sister was broken on Rhir. All of me is in this. Do not take it from me. Please, Grand Magus.”
The half-Elf’s finger hesitated. He looked at the Truestone Golem. If she could have wept…she was weeping. There were no tears for her to shed, but like those everywhere, she had learned how.
Frozen gemstones, colder than ice, were condensing droplets of water. They ran down her cheeks, sculpted by a Drake’s hand to be the most beautiful Human woman he would ever lay eyes on. A dream.
A child. Eldavin’s finger wavered. He had heard this too. So many times. He closed his eyes. Then his finger moved.
He removed the first line.
“You may never thank me for this, Cognita Amerwing. I do not expect it. Yet I will have you choose what happens next of your free will and never reproach you for what you decide. You must decide, though.”
Cruelty of kindness. No, that was wrong. Cruelty? If he could be cruel, he would not care so, to see her.
An arrogance, to presume to dictate how she should be freed. The Truestone Golem strained, feeling something vanish.
“Master! MASTER!”
Eldavin raised a shaking finger to silence the voice, because the anguished cry of the girl was doing more harm to his heart than…
He had to focus. The Dragon moved slowly, precisely, excising the one failure in the Archmage of Golem’s beautiful work. He did not look at Cognita’s tears, listen to her voice.
The only weakness of the Dragonlord of Flame. Tears of a…
The tip of a sword struck Eldavin in the back. He felt it break through the barriers, twisting. Then—pain engulfed his flesh. He cried out, stumbling, and then felt a second touch. A kiss of metal and poison, digging into his ribs.
What—? The half-Elf recoiled. He blinked, and landed on the ground, clutching at his wounds, casting a healing spell. Looking for—for—?
An assassin? An intruder to his grand schemes? But—but he had sealed the door to the lower floors! Even all the Archmages would not have broken through until he released the magic! That only left…
The upper floors? Eldavin’s pain-wracked vision turned. He saw the two gigantic, sealed doors…
