Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 24
Stories. They would have people believe that Iert had flipped over the wall after scaling it with his bare paws, stealthily avoided all of Darsul’s security, cunningly tricked Djinni and the [Mercenary Captain]—perhaps with a little rock, then slipping past them while they looked away for a second—before slaughtering the Emir as he slept.
The truth was always less interesting. Not less impressive, but less interesting. Iert had slipped into Darsul’s palace. He had maneuvered through corridor after corridor—but he hadn’t bothered with entering Darsul’s abode and trying to bypass the rather impressive defenses there.
He’d simply found something else, which Darsul in his panic had forgotten to secure. A single servant in the rush to fortify everyone, and a ‘defeated’ spirit.
The Djinni did not live in a lamp, although that sometimes happened. Each container was different. For instance—you could get flutes, lanterns, whatever was their prison. Sometimes it was a boring sphere. The object didn’t matter, the powerful relic-class magic did.
This was a bowl. A nice bowl, which, if you looked into the center, made you feel as though it had no bottom. You could grow dizzy, staring into…
It was her cage. The female Djinni, who had been blindfolded, had wisely removed herself from the area until he could take command of it. She was still bound to kill him, and even a blindfolded Djinni was good at that.
She had slipped into Darsul’s rooms unseen. It was the most efficient and besides—it had been one of her stipulations that she had agreed to with Yazdil. The Naga was happy to let her do it, and Iert too. Someone had to, and blood in your fur was impossible to get out on first wash.
It was also a mistake to say that Darsul had been an easy opponent. Iert entered the palace, walking past the security he had trained himself. He trotted to the vault and placed the bowl there, for the Emir to use later. The Djinni had been a considerable threat, and one that could well have caused chaos and too much damage even if they killed her.
Here was the part the story didn’t tell you. During the meeting with Emir Darsul and his harem, they didn’t say Iert took the time to communicate with the Djinni on display. They didn’t know that during the hunt with the Grand Elephant, one of Darsul’s servants was paid very handsomely and given instructions for later that week.
Knowing that would make people less afraid of the Naga. Because they would see how his plan worked, understand how he thought. Better to keep it as stories.
The Gnoll walked up through the palace, past the many [Slaves] in the Emir’s employ. And he was one of them. Even if the stories had been mostly true about his response to Darsul.
But here is what they also didn’t say. As the Gnoll entered the Emir Yazdil’s personal chambers, he found the Naga.
The Naga, who was sometimes a Human man, sometimes a…Naga. At the moment, he was a Human man. Slightly dark of skin, rather thin, his hair in this form a light blonde, generally styled—
Slitted pupils for eyes.
His hands were like a [Scribe]’s or [Scholar]’s but he wasn’t frail, just thoughtful. He was exceedingly charming if he cared to be, and athletic. He liked to practice such things—at least, the athleticism. Although he was hardly a [Warrior], so he had nearly been trampled by the elephant. His artifacts might have saved him if Iert hadn’t, but the Gnoll did not take risks.
