Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 58
However…the Antinium who walked forwards, three of them, all had robes over their chitin. They were Workers, not Soldiers. They carried simple clubs—but that was not their weapon.
At first, Olesm thought they were like Jelaqua. Until he realized what they held was not a flail, but…that object Pawn held.
A censer, Erin called it. Something meant to hold and burn incense. The three Antinium looked at Belgrade, and one stepped forwards.
“Strategist Belgrade. I am [Acolyte] Jerimy—”
“Shh! Shh! No classes!”
Belgrade waved his arms and winced. The [Acolyte] fell silent as Olesm stared. A what? However, another of the Antinium saw Belgrade’s bandaged side.
“You are hurt.”
“Yes. There will be fighting. You might need armor. I will speak with you…”
The [Acolyte] didn’t listen. He walked over, touched Belgrade’s side, and whispered. Olesm saw Belgrade stiffen…then relax. He didn’t understand what had happened until Belgrade slowly sat up and, to the amazement of all, hopped out of his stretcher.
“You should not do that openly. There is secrecy to discuss.”
His wounds were healed! Olesm had seen—he gritted his teeth, trying to piece it together. And wondering, more importantly, how to use that.
Despite their unique classes and abilities, Pawn’s disciples entered the Hectval war with little notice or fanfare at first.
Mainly because you could not [Appraise] what they had. Also, because the last specialist Olesm had called for made a larger impression. Olesm watched as they undid the specially-made bindings. He stepped through, and some of the Gnolls growled and the Drakes glared, but Olesm was certain.
He had written to Watch Captain Zevara only one thing when he had learned Manus had sent their best. If they wanted to enter the war…he would send someone right back at them. Manus was the Walled City of War. Perhaps, at last, the prisoner would get his wish. Either way, Manus and Hectval would regret it first.
Olesm had written to Zevara simply:
 
Send forth the Minotaur.
 
Calruz of Hammerad stretched his arm out as he looked at Olesm. The [Strategist] glanced back, towards his forces.
Crusader 51. Artur. Embria. Belgrade…the fighting Antinium, Drakes, Gnolls, and Humans of Liscor’s army.
The entrance of Manus into the Hectval war took place nearly twenty days into the fighting. Liscor’s advance would stalemate in the foothills for the next two months, and see the bloodiest fighting by far in that time.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: It’s 3 chapters. I think. And they might be big.
But that’s timelines for you. I am still heading towards the end of Volume 8, but it turns out that rather than the goalposts being moved, I just can’t tell how long a mile is.
However, there’s also danger in rushing. Taking a break is so important…I can’t write this chapter nearly as long, nor as well without rest.
I think you can see that it’s improved? I can always do better, however! And I will continue to do so. But you have voted, and I am writing our Hectval arc. Look forwards to the next part or not. It is a genre, and I think people familiar with it know enough of what might be coming.
Always in The Wandering Inn’s style, though. Thanks for reading! I’ll see you next chapter. Pray for Hectval. Not necessarily good things, but prayer abounds.
 
Oteslia, the City of Growth by Enuryn the [Naturalist]!


Portfolio: https://enuryndraws.art/
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/enuryn
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Enuryn_Nat














 

