Interlude – Of Vampires and Fraerlings
Page 20
The two began debating dyes and if they had enough as Bird rode forwards. The Drakes were drawing alongside the group, and it was a problem.
“Maybe slow down in a minute. Pretend someone’s thrown a shoe.”
Niers muttered. Bird nodded. It wasn’t just the [Soldiers], who had waved at the Antinium. It was that [Captain].
He had glanced at Fals and Garia, recognized Gna as a [Soldier] herself, and now he was looking at the hooded Antinium and Goblins, craning for a better look now and then. Damn, was he a specialist of some kind?
“Don’t let that group beat us, men! Pick up the pace! You can do it!”
The Drake cheered the others on as he turned his head back, keeping them safe for another moment. He was competent, and the [Soldiers] clearly liked him. Now here was someone they’d follow into battle, the [Captain] who brought them up from Level 1, who cared for them, probably knew all their names by heart.
Niers Astoragon appraised the Drake, just like Numbtongue, Gna, the Antinium, had all looked at the [Soldiers] to establish their worth.
…He hated that [Captain]’s guts and it had only been five minutes.
“Bird! Bird! Trouble!”
“Oh, what now? Shut up, you idiot.”
The [Captain] and Niers both received news at the same time. News of the worst kind. Garia had come running back from up ahead.
“There’s another army ahead of us! An actual army this time! I recognized the banners! It’s…Fissival!”
“What?”
Fissival? The Walled City of Magic, the most eastern of all the Walled Cities? Niers cursed. It made sense; if they were heading to any western point on the continent, they must have passed through one of the mountainous passes.
“We can’t run into them! They will see through our disguises! Oh, dead gods we’re dead!”
Gna moaned. She was well aware of the Fissival [Mage]’s power to [Appraise] and any [General], natural foe of Goblins or Antinium?
“How close are we on their back ranks?”
“Too close! W-we have to…”
Niers was still not worried. He was getting excited. But also…annoyed. What was Fissival doing? An actual army or had Garia exaggerated? He saw a tiny figure and sensed Snapjaw returning from overhead; she was definitely not going to fly over them. They had Wyvern Riders of their own.
Even the others, tagging along the caravan from afar, decided now might be a good time to run. Despite Niers’ best efforts, his caravan had been spotted. Although not in any way he could have predicted. The little Goblins, staring at the many powerful Hobs from afar, were about to slink off.
As Niers thought calmly about what to do, that annoying voice intruded in his thoughts. And it irked him.
“Lads! Three more miles! There’s Fissival ahead of us; we’ll greet them, show them what the Salamanders have! It’ll be something to see an army on the march!”
He was encouraging the Drakes as they almost reached the back rank of the cloaked figures deliberately facing forwards, not revealing their faces to him. One of the [Soldiers] groaned.
“Captain! We can’t keep going! I’m dying, here!”
The Drake turned back and gave his group a radiant smile of encouragement.
“Just a bit more. Come on! I won’t ask you for much more! Give it your 100%! You can’t ask for more than that!”
The [Grandmaster Strategist], sitting in Bird’s hat, turned his head slowly.
“What did that moron just say? He’s never seen an actual battle before in his life.”
He got distracted again. The tiny Fraerling had to stand up to pace around.
“Bird, tell them not to worry. There’s a lot of ways this can go and I can get us out of it. Tell Gna to find us a place off the road. That’s the easiest thing to—”
