Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 13
Tailpiece? The Drakes stared at the Gnoll covered in a Drake’s armor. The segmented tail-armor flexed as the nimbus of light faded.
“…Is someone playing music?”
Niila looked around. A Drake felt at his side.
“Whoops. Song crystal. What is—”
“Stargazer’s Promise! To me!”
Lehra hurled a spear that had appeared with the armor. Her team joined her. An odd crew, who had been thrown together by chance, drawn into the conflict by the corrupt Wall Lord of Fissival for the Forge of the Star Dragon—which would throw all of Izril, perhaps the world into chaos if it fell in the wrong hands!
The glowing spear pierced the magical barrier protecting the giant battle golem. Lord Dragial cursed and threw spells at the Gnoll protected by the magical armor. It was the last relic of the Walled City of Stars, a long-lost Drake city. And the gauntlet—the relic of the legendary heroine, Mershi, had called to Lehra by chance that fateful day—
Much to the other’s displeasure.
“Why did it choose you?”
Lord Dragial howled as the Blade of Mershi, contained in the magical gauntlet, manifested a sword and shield.
“I don’t know! Stop bothering me! I have to get to the Meeting of Tribes and you’re not invited!”
The young [Magic Warrior] howled. Her team charged at the fallen Wall Lord as Niila’s team grudgingly backed them up—
It was the story of the continent. There were, of course, lesser stories. [Innkeepers] making spinach quiche and stuff. But the story of the Named-rank team was obviously the tale dominating Issrysil’s south.
You’d have to be…a Human or something to have missed it. And they were heading to the Meeting of Tribes. Just as soon as they beat the Wall Lord back. Again.
 
—-
 
Inkar’s tribe received unwelcome…welcome visitors in the night. She was still shaken from the discovery of the crashed plane. She wasn’t ready to look through the possessions of the dead.
It was almost a relief to hear the sentries call out and spot, from afar, another tribe approaching. Many of the Gnolls in both the Greenpaw and Longstalker’s tribe looked up excitedly.
“The Ekhtouch tribe?”
Eska did not look happy. But she instantly ordered them to be given the largest welcome possible. She and the Greenpaw’s Chieftain rose, grumbling.
“What is wrong with them?”
Inkar whispered to her [Stalker] friend, Orreh. The Gnoll looked astonished.
“You—of course you don’t know. Ekhtouch is a powerful tribe. They have less than a thousand, though. Maybe…no, very few. But they are—impressive.”
How so? The answer came striding into camp. Inkar blinked. She saw fast-moving forms loping out of the darkness, illuminated by magical lights, carrying lanterns with flame, both magic and mundane—
Few horses. In fact, the Chieftain who howled a greeting from afar and sped towards Eska and Orelighn was on foot. And she clearly didn’t need a horse.
“So fast!”
Inkar stared. Was this some kind of specialized [Runner] class? Or a [Traveller] like hers? But it was a Chieftain! And the rest of the tribe was moving just as fast.
Something else—Inkar stared as the Gnoll drew closer and she realized something.
This Gnoll stood head and shoulders above Eska. And the rest of the Gnolls were similarly tall.
They were giants! Their fur gleamed as they came closer. Each one looked like—
