Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 34
At last, Niers Astoragon spoke. He stepped forwards and Umina lowered her head. Niers smiled, sighed, and shrugged. As if to say, ‘what can you do’? Umina wished she’d asked him if he was really cursed by killing Queravia. But then he whispered towards her earhole.
“Alright. Listen carefully. Because I will only ever say this once. The answer to…”
 
—-
 
Later. Umina walked through the streets of Elvallian. It was close to dawn; she’d been speaking with the Professor and Wil all night. And her question had come as the next day began. She was drunk, and her head was spinning. She was upset too, as she stumbled down the street. Regrets—oh, they piled on her.
She had her answer. But it was confusing. And it was—well, Umina felt like she’d made a mistake. She should have asked for gold, or the location of a magical artifact. Or made him tell her about his chess partner. That way Umina would at least be the most popular student in the academy…for months! Instead, all she had was a secret that belonged to someone else.
It was a big secret. Yes. But it put her in danger. Niers had bid Umina good night and she’d seen the worry in his eyes. For her. Not-special Umina. Why had she asked that? It was just—she’d always wanted to know—
It hurt. Umina stumbled into her apartment after eight tries. The door hadn’t been locked. She looked up and heard an exclamation.
“Umina!”
The Lizardgirl lurched backwards. But it was only Marian. The Centauress got up from where she’d been resting.
“It’s so late! Are you drunk?”
“Maybe.”
Umina mumbled. Marian guided to her to her bed, fishing for a water canteen.
“You were out for ages! Wil got back—everyone’s pestering him and he says the Professor talked! About his past!”
“We did. And then we got our questions answered. Just like promised.”
Marian paused. She looked at Umina and the Lizardgirl saw her friend bite her lip.
“You don’t look happy. Was it something bad?”
“Maybe? I don’t know. It’s not that, Marian. I asked the Professor a question before that. I asked him—”
Umina broke off. But Marian was looking at her and the words spilled forth.
“I wanted to ask if I was, you know, special—”
Marian’s face fell. She trotted over and sank to her knees. Her upper body hugged Umina.
“Oh, Umina. You silly little lizard! Why’d you do that?”
That brought on the tears at last. She’d held them so well in the Titan’s office. Now though, with Marian hugging her, Umina let them spill out. That was the thing about good friends. Umina didn’t have to speak. She just let Marian hug her as she sniffled into her friend’s shirt. The Centauress sighed.
“I get it. I understand, Umina. Everyone wants to know. I mean, Yerranola, Feshi—I bet they’re curious too. But there’s a difference between knowing and knowing. Why did you ask?”
“I don’t know! But I had to ask! I wanted to be, Marian. And I was drunk and—he said no.”
Marian stroked Umina’s head softly.
“It’s okay. It’s okay, Umina. You had to know—but you knew the answer. We all do!”
Umina stiffened. The words hurt. But Marian was looking at her and Umina couldn’t escape the obvious. She sniffed. It was true. Look at Perorn! Or Tulm! It had been arrogance that made her think she was special, someone Niers hadn’t ever seen before. It was right that he’d taught her. Arrogance killed. But Marian was going on, patting Umina on the back.
