Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 21
“She need not be there for the opening of the Meeting of Tribes. Just a few days out of the event. You will still have to make the journey, but not stay the entire time. And when she comes—it will be with Erin Solstice, whom I shall invite as a trusted friend of the tribe. Lyonette as well if she can come. And at least one team of adventurers. The Halfseekers, I think, would be excellent guardians, don’t you?”
“Oh. Well—”
“Erin! Don’t be swayed so easily!”
The [Princess] snapped. Krshia raised her paws.
“Even another tribe would be hard-pressed to get past a Gold-rank team as dedicated to Mrsha’s safety as the Halfseekers, Lyonette, yes? If that does not satisfy you—Silverfang will hire two teams. Griffon Hunt. The Horns. Another? Three teams? How many will satisfy? And that is not my only offer for Mrsha’s safety either.”
She looked mildly exasperated. The protective mother looked around for Mrsha.
“It’s still—”
“I have a plan I should have thought of months ago. Something perfect. Mrsha? Come here.”
The Gnoll somersaulted over to Krshia and stopped, dizzy. The Gnoll produced something from her belt pouch.
“It was a thought. I did not think it would work since…well, white fur was not her natural color. But what if…”
She uncorked the vial and Mrsha started sneezing. Erin felt the tang of a very strong dye in the air. She blinked.
“Wait a moment. Do you mean…?”
Mrsha stared at the brown vial. Then at Krshia. Then at the idea spreading across the other’s faces. She got the simple idea too.
She ran for it. They chased her, but Mrsha refused. No! She was Mrsha the White! Wielder of the Erin’s Fire! Guardian of the Inn—they would not—
Kevin had been telling her Lord of the Rings stories. But the Gnoll couldn’t escape the Garden with Erin blocking the door. And after a basin of water, a thrashing Gnoll who ruined everyone’s clothing—
A brown Gnoll emerged from the [Garden of Sanctuary] half an hour later. Little Ekirra, who’d been waiting for her, ran up, inhaled the still-strong fumes of dye, and began sneezing. Then he stared at Mrsha, who wore a shade of brown similar to her original colors.
“Mrsha? You’re brown!”
Yeah? And you’re smelly. Mrsha shot back. She was in a bad mood. The dye wouldn’t come off no matter how much she rolled about in the grass.
“You see? Precautions and precautions. It will wear off—especially with water and soap. But I will take every effort.”
“Why does she have to be there?”
Lyonette watched as Visma walked over, stroking at Mrsha’s fur as the Gnoll girl complained about the tyranny of adults. Krshia sighed.
“She must, Lyonette, because the tribes must see her. Many are too set in the old ways. They will never accept my word—a City Gnoll’s, they will say—that a Doombringer is not a bringer of calamity. Also…”
She lowered her voice.
“…I think it will protect Mrsha in the future.”
The [Princess]’ head snapped back around.
“Explain?”
“No Tribe will allow Mrsha to live who follows the old ways. They will try again and again. Just because she is she. By bringing her to the Meeting of Tribes, I may force the tribes to agree. Otherwise, news of Mrsha shall surely spread. I fear it may have already.”
Lyonette’s eyes flickered uncertainly. She wasn’t convinced by many of Krshia’s arguments, most of which had their roots in her tribe’s prestige and power at the Meeting of Tribes. But that—that had an uncomfortable ring of truth to it.
“You don’t know if you’d succeed, though, Krshia. And if you fail—”
The Gnoll bared her teeth at Lyonette.
