Interlude – Talia
Page 32
Ser Lorell’s face was grave. He and some of the other [Knights] still bled, but none had fallen. The Order had given a ferocious fight with the Goblin Slayer. With potions, they had beaten the Ogres. Only Ser Eldein had fallen. But it was already too much. Talia wept silently as Ser Lorell spoke before the Order of Seasons gathered around the simple grave.
“All things pass. As spring passes we wither. Summer’s glory fades. Autumn’s twilight deepens into darkness. And even the silence of winter must end. Yet the passing of time remembers glory. And so long as time continues, we remember. Ser Eldein, we return you to spring’s embrace. Your name shall not be forgotten so long as all who stand here live!”
“Spring ends.”
The [Knights] murmured. The Knights of Spring laid their brother to rest first. They stepped back, raising their blades. Many were weeping too.
“Spring ends!”
The Goblin Slayer watched. He stood alone, an outsider. But he had fought with them. As each [Knight] paid their last respects, Talia rose from Eldein’s grave.
“You fought with all the courage of Spring and Summer, friend. I will not forget you.”
She hadn’t prettier words to say. She turned. And saw the Goblin Slayer retreating. But she caught him as he began to move back.
“Look. Sir Slayer, look.”
He turned. And stopped. Where Ser Eldein had been buried, as the fresh dirt still settled, something was happening. Shoots of grass rose from the soil. Flowers, growing, budding, opening.
The grave was blooming. The Order of Seasons watched, breathless. Talia had seen it before. But the moment still made her heart hurt. Ser Eldein’s grave slowly bloomed, and a flash of color rose in the bloody clearing. Amid the death and carnage, something beautiful emerged. Growing.
It was not magic. The grave blossomed. The plants, native to Terandria, grew, not to maturity, but close. Spring’s scent hovered in the air.
Then it stopped. The flowers blew in a sudden breeze, suddenly fresh, but mortal. The mystery faded. Talia breathed again. She looked at the Goblin Slayer. The bloody helmet turned towards her.
“What was that?”
She smiled, and wiped at her face. Slowly, Ser Lorell raised his head. And his eyes shimmered with tears. Talia nodded at him and bowed her head. She spoke one word.
“Spring.”
 
—-
 
They burned the Goblin bodies. And then the Ogres. It was a horrible task, even with the [Summer Knight]’s ability to call fire. But a necessity. While they did that, Dame Chise, the Goblin Slayer, and Talia went after the Goblins. They came back with news.
“There’s a tribe of them in the foothills. The Goblin Slayer reckons at least eighty. Possible as many as two hundred.”
“Not a small tribe!”
Ser Thornst clenched his fist. The Goblin Slayer shook his head.
“Small. Weak. Many died fighting adventurers. It was probably eight hundred. Ogres made them fight.”
“Well, the rest shall die. It seems we have one last task ahead of us, brothers, sisters.”
Ser Lorell’s face was grim. Talia nodded, but it was the Goblin Slayer who shook his head.
“No.”
The Order of Seasons stared at him, perplexed. He had been accorded far more respect for his feats in battle. Ser Lorell worked his jaw.
“But Sir Goblin Slayer—”
“I will hunt them. Myself.”
The [Knights] stared at him. Dame Ingrela looked incredulous.
“With all due respect, Sir Slayer, we did not come all this way to leave a job undone.”
“No. I will finish it. I promise.”
The Goblin Slayer looked at her. Ingrela frowned. It was Talia who spoke up.
“Sir Slayer, why do you insist on doing it alone? At least give us reason for your motives.”
