Interlude – Embria
Page 7
She stalked out of the room, her tail twitching angrily. The officers watched her go. None of them, not even Vell had the heart to laugh this time. Pielt stared back at his fellow [Captains]. It took him a few more gulps to make the words come out.
“Ancestors. The smile, the timing, the way she looked at me—everything was wrong there. How is that even possible?”
Vell sighed. She finished her last mouthfuls of breakfast.
“You know those sad losers who hang out in taverns and bars and buy anything with a pulse and a tail a drink? I’ve seen Commander Embria scare them away when she’s trying to be encouraging.”
“Dead gods. I hope she doesn’t try that on her date today.”
Someone else mumbled under his breath. Vell turned her head.
“You think she’s on a date? She didn’t say.”
“Well, she’s not wearing her armor. And she usually dresses up. Did you notice she was only wearing her practice gear? Normally she’s in full armor. Who’d she land with those lines?”
“Oh. That? It’s not—”
“It’s not a date. It’s her father.”
Wikir cut in quietly. He mopped the table with a napkin. The other officers went quiet. Lieutenant Kesa growled.
“You mean she still visits him? That’s too good for that coward.”
“Lieutenant, show some respect. That Drake saved our Commander’s life. He’s a former [Sergeant], even if—”
“Even if he’s a coward? He gave us one retreat order, Captain. A coward’s a coward no matter what. I’m not licking his boots even if he was a big shot. And if the Commander wants to waste time on his sorry tail—as if we’d just let him waltz back in after abandoning—”
Kesa’s growling voice turned into a yelp of pain as Vell kicked her in the stomach across the table. It wasn’t a light kick either. The [Captain] stared at her subordinate and hissed.
“Stow that shit, Lieutenant. Unless you want to go for a twenty-lap run around the walls again? If the Commander hears you, you’ll be scrubbing the toilets with your tail.”
“I just—”
Vell jerked her head sideways. The younger Gnoll [Sergeant] followed her glance towards Captain Wikir. Kesa’s ears flattened on her head and she went quiet at once.
The oldest Gnoll at the table didn’t look at Kesa. Wikir calmly drank from his cup, and then spoke, as if reminiscing to the air in front of him.
“He got Garen Redfang, a former Gold-rank, even if he was a Goblin. He’s as good as I remember. And I was barely a [First Sergeant] when he retired. What Wing Commander Embria does is her business. You can’t choose your family. And if he’s a coward, then every single Drake in 4th Company will lose to a coward in a one-on-one duel.”
No one had a reply to that. After a long moment, Pielt bit into his fish.
“True that. My day off’s coming up. Birthday, actually. I almost wish it wasn’t. I’m going back to see my folks. My dad’s a Gnoll and he’ll try to get me playing catch. I want to tell him it’s not my thing, but his idea of fun’s throwing around a ball for hours.”
The mood at the tables relaxed. Wikir grinned sheepishly and the other Gnolls sighed, shaking their heads. Vell looked curious.
“You adopted, Pielt? You never said.”
“Nah. Fertility spell. One of those cross-species kinds. It works out well, but…you know? I think it hurts my old man when I don’t race after a ball. Just toss it to me. Don’t make me run for it.”
Pielt sighed. Sergeant Fika patted him on the back. Vell looked around; one of the youngest [Lieutenants], a Gnoll, looked frankly jealous of Pielt. She shrugged. What was there to say?
“I wonder what the Commander says to her father?”
Thoughtfully, Pielt stroked his chin with a claw, and shrugged.
