Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 9
“Redit! Let ‘em in! I’ll tell you when to stop! Just keep out the riffraff!”
The [Bouncer] stepped back. A flood rushed into the inn, staring at the doors. Veeid looked at Erin.
“We can put up a little barrier, keep ‘em out of your inn, Miss Erin.”
“What? You don’t need to do that. It’s free. We just need to move people back and forth.”
The [Innkeeper]’s brows shot up. Maviola, looking around and feeling around for a spare coin, sighed in relief. She began to shove into line as the patrons heard and clustered up.
“Free? You’ll get everyone in Invrisil wanting to duck in and out, Miss Solstice.”
“Ooh. Yeah. Then—hey! We’ll let people in, but later! We’ll do random selections! Don’t make a line! Just give us—half an hour!”
Erin waved her hands at the people. They blinked and shouted back, but Erin shouted.
“No line! Go eat food! We’ll get you menus! Who wants ice cream? Gelato!”
The crowd murmured. They returned to their seats, demanding to see as Lyonette hurried back with menus. Veeid’s eyebrows were almost engulfing his scalp. He stared as Erin nodded at him.
“I’m gonna let Lyonette handle the door. Nice to meet you, Mister Veeid! I think Zevara’s coming and she is angry!”
She hurried off. Veeid glanced at Lyon…or Lyonette. The [Princess] grimaced, but the [Innkeeper] hadn’t caught Erin’s slip. He stared after Erin’s back.
“Who is that, Miss Lyon?”
Lyonette didn’t know what he meant at first. But the male [Innkeeper] was staring at Erin’s back in awe. He looked at his orderly guests.
“She just ordered them about like that. I couldn’t manage it with Redit behind me on a crowded day. She has to be—and that level at her age?”
“She’s…fairly high-level.”
The [Princess] murmured. Veeid gave her a knowing look and shook his head.
“There are less than twenty [Innkeepers] in all of Izril higher level than her, I’d wager. Dead gods. And I thought the Players of Celum made it up. Let me know if you have anything and I’ll be right over, Miss. It’s a…pleasure to have The Wandering Inn connected to mine for the night.”
The [Princess] blinked as he gave her a little nod. She smiled back. And then Veeid turned back.
“Oh. One important thing, Miss Lyon?”
“Yes?”
He’d intercepted a menu. The [Innkeeper] dug out some coins and handed them to Lyon. Exact change.
“One ‘ice cream’ for me, please.”
 
—-
 
Watch Captain Zevara stormed into Erin’s inn. She looked around, and asked if Magnolia or the other [Ladies] were present. When Erin assured her they were not, the Watch Captain grunted.
She’d come here on foot, but more and more people wanted into the inn now. And they were coming via the regular door or the magic one as Lyonette turned the dial frantically.
“If they’re not here…I’ll take some of your portable foods, Miss Solstice. Those ham…ham…”
“Hamburgers?”
“Yes. Make it four. No, five. And some drinks. Alcoholic. I’m not facing this sober. And the door to Pallass—”
She turned as the door opened. Magus Grimalkin strode in.
“Watch Captain. There you are. Pallass’ High Command wants you on a group communication chat. I’ll provide the spell.”
“I was just getting hamburgers. Does four for you work?”
“…Do they have ham? I was under the impression they were beef.”
Both Drakes looked at Erin. She blinked at them. At Grimalkin.
“They’re…beef. With lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese, and stuff.”
“No onion on mine.”
Zevara informed Drassi, who’d hurried over with a bag of fries. Grimalkin saw the sealed mug of whiskey.
“Drinks, Watch Captain?”
“I’ll have it after I hear that number Magnolia Reinhart promised me, Sinew Magus. And you?”
He thought about it.
