Interlude – Conversations
Page 20
Bezale was already lining up, but Montressa had to swig the terrible-tasting stuff. She wiped at her mouth, caught sight of herself in the mirror of a shop window. Definitely gaining weight. Despite being a [Mage], constantly trying to eat and/or drown her sorrows didn’t help.
Something in the corner of the jewelry shop’s window caught her eye. Montressa read the little piece of paper and almost smiled.
“Courtesy of Silveran’s Cleaners. Inquire with the Free Antinium’s representatives or Cleaner’s Guild for services.”
Silveran did it. The mad-ant had actually gotten Guild membership, mainly because he was threatening to put them out of work.
“This city. When the Horns get back…when they get back, are they going to recognize it, Bezale? Bezale?”
Montressa looked over and saw the line for the door. Guiltily, she hurried forwards. It was just—Liscor was changing. It had grown used to such a fast pace that innovations were sweeping through it. It was at the flashpoint.
A Human boy on a skateboard was trying to do tricks with some Drakes. They weren’t all calling each other scalebags and fleshbags. Although it had…no. It wasn’t nearly as bad as a monster attack, and say what you would, but it was quieter now.
Even during a war with Hectval, there were less random events and attacks. They’d had one major monster incident.
And by ‘incident’, it was just that some Metalbite slimes had infested Liscor. Even gone on a ‘rampage’. They’d been wiped out in three days and the sewers re-cleaned.
New arrivals in Liscor were amazed by how sanguine the Liscorians were. No—it was even a kind of in-joke. A band of Stitch-Folk had rolled in one time via Invrisil, and been put out that no one asked them anything.
“Excuse me, you know I’m String-Folk?”
“Yeah, sure, buddy. You want somewhere to stay, directions, or what?”
Same when high-level individuals hit Liscor. They didn’t often get a lot of attention purely based on levels. Let’s say you were a Gold-rank come to explore Liscor’s dungeons.
A semi-famous [Merchant] attempting to make a huge profit on this new circuit.
A mysterious young woman with a crystal hand and a map, on the lam from [Bounty Hunters].
You came into Liscor and expected someone to ask questions. They did ask questions.
“You new here? Try the ice cream. Players of Liscor are putting on a show tonight. Don’t bother with Invrisil; they’re pricey and we’re just as good.”
It was so strange. Visitors didn’t understand it at first. It was not that Liscorians were blind to something interesting or exciting. It was just that it wasn’t their first time seeing something amazing. Or even tenth.
And no one would say why. Why they were used to the Antinium, why there were sports and all these new ideas and things coming here. Why the brochure had that funny line.
No one would tell you. It was like a secret test to be a true Liscorian. You had to know what to ask. And it was this:
What’s up with The Wandering Inn? 
Or, perhaps, ‘Why is it empty?’ ‘What happened?’
And finally…
Who is Erin Solstice?
Of course, if you understood it all, you’d know of one of the local legends of Liscor already. And you would ask it right.
“Who was Erin Solstice?”
Montressa heard that question in the air. Then a voice, as she hurried towards the plaza and the portal door. The voice was so familiar she turned.
“Say that again. Say it again. Was? Was?”
Someone had taken umbrage to the question and was shaking the person who’d asked. A Drake was trying to un-pry the claws around the terrified asker’s collar.
“Menolit. Menolit, calm down. They don’t know.”
