Interlude – Carriages and Conversations
Page 7
The Djinni did not blink. She met Ryoka’s gaze until the City Runner looked away. Fierre nodded.
“And that’s why you don’t free a Djinni, Ryoka. Why would you even think to do that?”
“I don’t know. Perhaps because she’s a slave.”
Ryoka glanced back at Fierre, then the Djinni. For a second, something flickered across the Djinni’s face. But it was gone. She turned, abruptly, and faced forwards.
“Do you think we would be grateful? You have no idea how long I have lived, Human girl. If I killed a million of your kind, I would still be filled with vengeance. Not gratitude. You have no idea what I am.”
She raised her arms, letting go of the reins, but the horses rode on, smoothly.
“Masters come and die. But so long as the magic that binds me exists, my vessel holds me. I am slave. Does that answer your questions?”
“All but one.”
Ryoka knew better than to push. But she might never meet this Djinni again. So she looked at the woman’s back.
“What happened to the Jinn? The history books said they were half-Djinni, half mortal. Half flesh, half magic. What happened to them?”
The Djinni fell silent. Fierre gave Ryoka an uneasy look. At last, the Djinni shrugged, slowly, but hiding a depth of emotion Ryoka couldn’t guess at.
“They died. And we were enslaved. They killed our little cousins and took the rest of us hostage. Now, few of us remain.”
“I see. I’m sorry.”
Ryoka felt…empty. But it hadn’t been her war. If the Djinni was old enough to remember—it was so old even she had little emotion left. But still…Ryoka looked at her back.
There was nothing she could say to make the Djinni like her. She realized that too late. Unlike Fierre, or even Teriarch, Ryoka was speaking to a prisoner. But still.
“Will you tell me your name?”
The Djinni’s head turned. And her gaze was more than annoyed.
“I will if you order me to. But I have had enough of your worthless sympathy.”
Her eyes had that timeless reproach, that—that look of disdain for mortals, and it was directed full force at Ryoka. At Fierre, and the Vampire girl looked away because she had lived for two decades compared to the Djinni’s eternities. Yet, for the first time, the Runner girl pushed back.
She held the Djinni woman’s gaze, refusing to look away. That surprised the woman. Ryoka spoke directly to her.
“That’s all true, Miss Djinni. We don’t know your suffering or your story. I didn’t know your people existed on Izril until an hour ago. But—if you would like to give it of your own free will—I would like to know your name.”
“Why?”
The Djinni snapped, bewildered, eyes searching Ryoka’s face. The young woman replied.
“I have met those who will live forever. I’d like to speak your name to them. It probably won’t change a thing. But they’ll remember your name over mine.”
For a moment, the driver searched Ryoka. Looking her up and down. Her eyes widened. Then she turned her head. They rode on in silence, and Ryoka feared that was her answer. She slid the panel closed, and sat back.
Then the Djinni spoke, from inside the carriage, though the panel remained shut.
“Karsaeu-Dequoa. That is enough of my name for you.”
Ryoka started. Fierre sat up. The Vampire girl gawked at Ryoka, and then fumbled for a quill. The Djinni went on, speaking to Ryoka, not Fierre. And her voice was soft for a moment.
“Tell the visitors of winter we miss them.”
The young woman stared at the panel. It opened—and a single eye stared at her. Not the driver’s body. Just an eye. Sitting in the darkness, round, looking at Ryoka.
