Interlude – The Great Race
Page 26
Even assuming they accounted for the biases of classes like [Rangers]. Even assuming they made all the logical preparations they could by speaking to people who knew what they were doing instead of relying on their own ego and judgment—a poor move unless you were doing it on purpose like Calidus—
Even then. The new lands might be appealing, but were you ready for them?
“Go to the new lands? You mad? It sounds like hell. I’ll sponsor it. I’m not going myself. And if we send a group from House Veltras, they’d better be ready for anything.”
Lady Buscrei’s opinion surprised Ryoka Griffin. She thought that the [Hunting Lady] would be all for the adventure, but Buscrei just shook her head as they walked through First Landing.
Everyone was talking about the idea, much like a thought experiment. Ryoka had Sammial in one hand—mostly because he’d walk off if you didn’t have a hold of him. Hethon was part of the group that included Buscrei and Swey.
Lord Tyrion was doing the murmuring and talking with the other nobles about alliances and such. Ryoka was trying very hard not to be caught up in it, hence the stroll.
Mind you—there was enough to see in First Landing. A group of Cenidau [Sailors] were having an axe-throwing competition they’d set up, and Ryoka was super interested in trying. But Sammial was all-too-eager as well, and she doubted his aim.
They passed by a young woman with clearly dyed black hair—she had a bit of blonde at the roots—who tried to get close to Ryoka. She wanted…an autograph? Ryoka saw several of House Veltras’ guards keeping her back then did a double-take.
“What the—”
“Wind Runner! Can I get an autograph? I’m going to become a Runner like you!”
The young woman had fairer skin than Ryoka’s, but she had the same unmaidenly trousers and t-shirt despite possibly being of the nobility. And she was barefoot. Ryoka stared at the cheap copy of herself, and Sammial’s jaw opened. Ryoka’s fan waved at Ryoka as another girl jogged over, wincing as her bare feet scraped on the pavement.
Buscrei’s mouth opened for a good five minutes until Ryoka spoke with the two girls. By the time she stopped chortling, they were headed to the park. Buscrei stared with a bit of dismay at the neat, manicured grass that had been pesticided or magically bombed out of all insects. Each tree was tended to, and there wasn’t any wildlife in First Landing but some squirrels and birds who were fed by some of the park’s guests.
“Look at this place. If that’s what a lot of the Five Families think is waiting for them in the new lands, they’re crazy. If I was trying to go there—well, I’d head out with light gear and tell the boys to bring all the supplies. But I’d pack very light and explore a good month. Slowly.”
Oswen’s folk were natural hunters, and Swey came from the plateau, which was why it was so interesting to hear the Veltras’ being cautious. Ryoka raised her brows as Hethon turned bright red; one of the younger Ryoka-clones was waving at him.
“You don’t think it’d be easier for you?”
Buscrei shuddered and gave Ryoka an incredulous look.
“You kidding? I know Oswen’s marshes, but my people have lived there all my life. What I don’t know is where a Mossbear’s territory is in this new place or if there’s hidden underground caves, faults in the rocks—new land is dangerous. If Veltras is going, Tyrion knows enough to send real rugged types. He’s the most city-like of most of the family, but he won’t go in with [Soldiers]. It’s a bad idea. Send people who can hunt for game and produce enough to eat over there.”
