Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 2
“And you will! My fellow teachers and I have all gone over your budgets—checked and double checked them! We’ll be passing them out—er, someone will have to help unsort the reports I just kicked over—but if any of you have any reservations, you may argue your case!”
Niers waved at some of the other teachers. One of them, a Drake, shot Niers a look as he bent to tidy up the reports. The Fraerling went on, addressing the Minotaur.
“Unfortunately though, in your case, Venaz, the math isn’t even hard. Your company starved to death.”
“What? But I arranged more than enough supplies! I paid that [Merchant]—”
“You paid a fraud, Venaz! He was a [Swindler]! A good one! He ran off with your gold and your company got exactly nothing to march with. To be fair, we gave them thirty miles before starvation set in, but with your foraging order, it wasn’t enough. You get a few points for that, by the way, but your [Soldiers] deserted.”
The Minotaur’s jaw dropped and stayed dropped as Niers rifled through his reports. He fished Venaz’s out and tsked much to the amusement of most in the room. The sharper students were realizing that Venaz’s performance might extend to them.
“A real tragedy. I warned you all! Take this seriously. And you all swanned off to our glorious city to spend the gold you were given—a quarter of you never even managed to spend it all! It was stolen, you gave it to fraudulent [Merchants] or you were tricked into terrible deals with actual ones—a few of you never even made it out of the red-light district! And yes, we have records of it all.”
The class stared at the Titan. He casually flipped through another report. Then he looked up and he was grinning. His students had nightmares about that grin.
“Did you really think being a [Strategist] was about pure logistics? Have I taught all of you nothing? The entire town was bought out! My precious students—you can fight an army and supply it, but how will you do if you can’t manage people?”
“Wait—Professor! You mean everything that happened to us in that hellhole was scripted?”
At last, the students began reacting. Niers grinned. Merrik looked outraged. The Dwarf slammed a fist onto his desk.
“I was mugged in that town!”
“Not fatally. You fought them off, well done. But may I suggest that next time you don’t walk around with all your gold in your bag of holding? Well done on recovering it, though. Don’t worry; the [Thief] whose arm you broke was a Selphid.”
Merrik’s jaw dropped. From below, another student raised her hand and called out.
“They were all actors, Professor?”
Niers smiled at the Lizardgirl who’d spoken up.
“Every last one, Umina. Or rather, they were hired. [Prostitutes], [Merchants], [Thieves]—some of them quite high-level! I’m pleased to say that many of you navigated most of the threats well, but some of you…well, let’s just get to the analysis, shall we? And our first student is…”
Perorn snatched the reports out from under Niers and checked the name at the top of the page.
“Wil Kallinad, your report. Passed. Next! Marian Felthof. Passed! Venaz of Hammerad. Failed. Feshi Weatherfur. Passed! Yerranola—”
Niers folded his arms, a bit hurt, but Perorn’s efficiency and the other teachers beginning to call out names meant the students were soon reading their reports, most with deep dismay. Some were relieved—and yes, many from Niers’ special class. Venaz just stared at his report in a state of shock.
“He was an imposter? But he was so—so—trustworthy.”
“You idiot, Venaz. That’s how you know they’re fake!”
