Interlude – Two Rats
Page 30
It was not right. Perhaps some part of her had known that. Or maybe it was Erin telling her. But it was not right. If she could go back, Mrsha would have used her [Thorn Paw] spell and cut Calruz apart. If she were in the dungeon. If the Raskghar were there.
But now? She looked into the cave and the two rats fled from her, squeaking. Crying. And Mrsha felt like they were Calruz. What had Erin said? It wasn’t right. Because they could cry. Because they could scream.
But who could she tell? Krshia? Elirr? Lyonette? Erin? Mrsha thought about each one as she sat in front of the cage. Which ones would get the Gnolls and Drakes in trouble most? Least?  Because there was something else at stake.
They were her people. Raekea had said it. Mrsha was a Gnoll. She had called Mrsha as one of her own. The Silverfang Tribe might take her in. But would she if she told? If she—Mrsha stared down at the two rats. Their tails were still bent, even though Erin had given them a drop of healing potion each.
Somewhere, out there, a Minotaur was screaming. And it had been bad when they started. It would be worse before the night ended. Mrsha shook in place. She looked at Lyonette, sleeping in her bed. Some part of her was still in the prison. And it knew the Gnolls and Drakes hadn’t come there to stop. They hadn’t brought healing potions. And they were going to do a bad thing. Trembling, Mrsha bent over the cage.
 
—-
 
Watch Captain Zevara sat in her office, too furious to work, but too annoyed to stop. She was trying to go over inventory for the City Watch, calculating her budget. But she was still furious over the day’s deliberations. She’d argued with Krshia until she was coughing smoke. And the Gnoll had barely, barely agreed not to call for Calruz’s death.
It made sense. But Zevara was still furious. Lism had whipped up a mob. Zevara had half a mind to check on the Minotaur, but she’d already done that and doubled the guard. The prison had been silent when she’d walked past it this evening. No people loitering about outside.
So the Drake sat. She stared at her quill, until the ink was dried. Then she dipped it again. And stared. She was staring at the place to initial the document, knowing she hadn’t actually read it when she heard the scuffling and the shout from downstairs.
“Hey! What’re you—”
Zevara looked up. She heard light padding and reached for her sword reflexively. Then something rattled the doorknob. Pulled rather than pushed; Zevara heard pounding boots, coming up the stairs. She inhaled as whoever was behind the door pushed at last—
And a little Gnoll tumbled into the room. Zevara paused as the fire in her lungs built. She stared at Mrsha as the white Gnoll got up. Zevara’s head swiveled—she turned, grabbed the window, and exhaled. A plume of fire lit up the sky as she spat it out of the window. Then she whirled as the [Guardswoman] on desk duty burst into the office.
“I’m sorry, Watch Captain. I couldn’t stop—”
“It’s fine. But what the hell—”
Zevara began to snap and caught herself. She stared down at the white Gnoll and began to grow alarmed. The little Gnoll was panting, and her eyes were wide. She’d run here. Zevara’s mind instantly ran to her worst fears.
“Something’s happened at the inn. Sound the alarm! Get Relc, Klbkch, put every [Guardsman] on the walls and get me a squad—”
She paused. The Gnoll cub was shaking her head rapidly. Part of the alarm faded. Zevara stared, and the [Guardswoman] hesitated.
“Should I—?”
“Is there a problem at the inn? Err—Mrsha, isn’t it?”
