Interlude – The Pets of Innworld
Page 25
“Here is my deal, Sariant Lambs. I know you can understand me. I am happy to let you eat, reproduce—in safe numbers—and have people look after you all your lives. But not if you take up all their time. Everyone must work.”
Gralton had reminded Laken of that. The [Emperor] went on.
“You will want for nothing in my lands, but you will not bother the other pets. If you are helpful, you may stay. If you continue as you have the last few weeks? I will have to force you to leave.”
The Sariants glared at him. Laken smiled thinly.
“I’m sure you think you can persuade your owners to get you to stay, and I have no doubt they’d try to smuggle you in. Which is why if I have to exile you—I will declare open season on Sariant Lambs. Not among my people, you understand. I’ll simply let the [Witches] keep Riverfarm clean of pests as they see them.”
Witch Mavika, Hedag, Eloise, Agratha, Wiskeria, and the others stood behind Laken. They stared at the little lambs and the lambs…hesitated. Laken Godart got back up.
“Let’s get you to your owners. Think about what I’ve said, would you?”
He let them go, and turned back to Wiskeria. Laken Godart rubbed at his forehead.
“…This is so stupid.”
He walked off and went to sleep to put an end to this debacle once and for all. But—well.
The world had the last laugh.
 
[Natural Allies: Sariant Lamb obtained!]
[Pact: The Hard-Working Lamb (Sariant) obtained!]
 
—-
 
The next day, Laken Godart followed some lambs around in his head. They helped tidy up the houses, nuzzled their owners, then lay down to sleep. A few followed their owners to work, and in general, lazed about.
“I suppose that’s as hard-working as a Sariant Lamb gets. But they’re not demanding attention or pampering.”
“You actually struck a deal with Sariant Lambs?”
Wiskeria tried not to laugh over breakfast. The [Emperor] regarded her, in his mind’s eye. For the daughter of Belavierr, she clearly found this normal, if funny. He shook his head, resigned.
“I don’t know what I find more offensive. The fact that I can strike a pact with Sariant Lambs, the fact that they are Riverfarm’s natural ally—or that the Skill isn’t new. Someone’s done this before.”
Wiskeria just shrugged.
“As long as you have the deal, we’ll abide.”
Laken Godart nodded and sighed. More of Gralton’s dogs had gone to stay, but the Sariant Lamb…he sat up and cursed.
“No! Absolutely not! Wiskeria, get Hedag and her axe!”
He shot to his feet, but it was too late. The growing empire of Riverfarm had fought over the seventy lambs. The empire, already into the tens of thousands, would not have to anymore.
Over the next three days, six more Sariant Lamb herds converged on Riverfarm. Laken Godart, the [Emperor] of lambs, decided to spend more time with Bismarck and Frostwing. Mossbears. Now, why couldn’t it have been Mossbears?
 
[Emperor Level 25!]
[Empire: Will of the Beasts obtained!]
 
—-
 
Pets across the world. Useful and useless.
Pets, not Healing Slimes or skeletons. Pets—animals who had a unique relationship with their owners.
Like the Fortress Beavers of The Wandering Inn—they weren’t pets. Not exactly. They had been left behind, abandoned the [Garden of Sanctuary]. They were Defenders of the Cave, and the pond, however lovely a retreat, was simply too small for them.
Animals needed to work. The inn was abandoned by even the animals. Selys Shivertail did have a reason to appreciate the Fortress Beavers.
