Interlude – Rufel
Page 14
“Rxlvn. Antinium-made, actually. It’s rather strong, but it’s new. Actually, I’m considering taking it off the bar, but I imagine [Soldiers] have had stronger.”
One of the Gnoll [Soldiers] spat. The rest looked disgusted. Vell wavered.
“Antinium-made? Like hell I’ll drink…”
She eyed the black liquid. Rufelt shrugged innocently.
“I have to warn you, it’s got more of a kick than Firebreath Whiskey. But just as you like…”
Vell snatched her claw back as he reached for it. Her eyes narrowed and she stared at Pawn as he sat with Lyonette.
“I can take anything the Antinium can handle. Let’s see what they think is strong. Give us all a shot!”
Rufelt did just that. He watched the table of [Soldiers] throw down a shot each, sneering at the Antinium.
Ten seconds later, Rufelt watched them trying not to pass out at the table. He regarded the black alcohol thoughtfully. Now here was a [Bartender]’s aid. As good as the trusty friend you kept in the form of a club or wand or pair of knuckles under the bar. And you could serve this in shot glasses.
So it went. A good [Bartender]’s job was never done until the last customer left, but this wasn’t Rufelt’s place, so he stopped as the sun entered its final descent. Lasica was beckoning to him and he sensed she was tired. He was too, after a day of work. So he abandoned the bar to Drassi, who was all too eager to fill his position with less variety of alcohol, but more talking and quantity.
Rufelt walked to Lasica. And they shared the far end of the bar for a moment. But for a hooded Drake, they were alone. Rufelt leaned on the counter and Lasica sighed.
“Done, love? We can head back now; I’m sure Erin won’t mind.”
“In a moment. Rufelt. I…”
The female Drake looked around the room. She paused, and then looked at him.
“Rufelt? Let’s visit the bazaar tomorrow.”
“Okay. For what?”
“Fertility spells.”
Rufelt paused, mid-scratch on his back. He stared at Lasica.
“What brought this on?”
“I don’t know. Seeing this. Isn’t it time? You’re not getting any younger.”
“Hey.”
But that was an automatic response. The Gnoll’s mind was racing. But it wasn’t blown away. Part of him wanted to ask if ‘fertility spells’ couldn’t have been repackaged in more traditional terms, but Lasica was pragmatic. He nodded.
“We can look at them. And discuss this. When you haven’t had four drinks.”
He always counted. Lasica smiled.
“Of course. Lots of talking.”
The two stared at each other, thinking, and knowing each other were thinking and imagining—until they were interrupted. The Drake on their right leaned over.
“You two should consider adopting a child instead.”
Surprised, then almost affronted, Rufelt looked up. He frowned.
“Excuse me?”
The Drake looked at the two and shrugged slightly, dislodging the hood a bit.
“There are children living in Liscor who need homes. Some go to relatives. Others…others disappear. Or they go from home to home. Strangers. I have to imagine a Walled City has that problem a hundred times worse. Those children deserve homes. Gnoll, Drake, Garuda, Dullahan.”
Rufelt blinked at the Drake. So did Lasica, but she had a reply.
“I wasn’t aware it was an issue, sir. We have [Alchemists] in Pallass, and there are magical items too.”
“Not everyone buys a potion to deal with that. Or they give children away after they’re born. It’s just a thought for you two to consider. Don’t mind me. I apologize for interrupting. But you should consider it, at least.”
The Drake shrugged and went back to his drink. Rufelt remembered serving it. A mulled wine. He studied the Drake. And then his eyes narrowed.
