Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 1
Yet he looked at Venaz and knew.
There was nothing to distinguish the other Minotaur from Bezale physically, at least, that he carried the authority Calruz had been waiting for. Yet, aside from knowing Venaz individually, Calruz saw the other Minotaur fix him with a studious gaze before striding along the room.
Minotaur feet were interesting, incidentally, because not all Minotaurs had five-toed feet. Some had hooves, others had regular feet similar to a Human or Gnoll. Bezale had humanoid feet. Calruz had humanoid feet.
Venaz had hooves. They clicked gently on the stone floor of the camp bar. Aside from that, he made no sound as he waited.
Bezale was right behind him, Ceria trailing at the rear. The other [Soldiers] in the camp bar turned.
They had heard Calruz’s question. Why did he smile? The Antinium had certainly noticed—they were leaving the bar in a rush.
“Calruz of Hammerad?”
“I am Calruz of Hammerad. Formerly of the Beriad of Minos. Prisoner-soldier in service to Liscor’s civilian army under authority of Commander Olesm as remanded to him by Watch Captain Zevara.”
The Minotaur stood straight and put one arm behind his back. Venaz eyed him.
“…Formerly of the Beriad? Your status was not revoked, last I inquired.”
His tone was—severe. Enough so that Wil, Merrik, and Peki, who had followed him covertly, were surprised. Venaz was often authoritative, but right now, he was cold in a way he seldom came off to his friends.
The one-armed Minotaur stiffened. He seemed to have two scars for every one Venaz carried—and Venaz did have scars. An adventurer who had fought in Liscor’s dungeon. He was, as Peki pointed out, in very good shape. If anything, Wil thought he had begun to develop the inhuman or in…Minotaur…body that came to those of a certain level.
Skin as tough as steel. Yet his voice was the interesting part. He had no battlefield roar—if anything, his was a quiet tone, and it hesitated now.
“I…assumed my position would have been in question at least. It would certainly be revoked following review—”
“But you are a member of the Beriad to your knowledge, Calruz of Hammerad? Answer.”
Venaz cut him off, and Calruz stiffened slightly. He clasped one arm across his chest.
“I am. Calruz of the Beriad. Forgive me, V—cousin of Minos.”
There was a logic to this. Venaz nodded, and only then did he copy Calruz’s gesture with his left arm.
“I am Venaz of Hammerad. Beriad of Minos, and [Strategist] in training under the tutelage of Lord Niers Astoragon of the Forgotten Wing Company. I believe you know Bezale of Maweil, also a member of the Beriad, [Mage] of Wistram’s Scriptel faction.”
“I do.”
Calruz nodded to her, and Bezale nodded back, looking…uneasily at Venaz. Not once did the [Strategist]’s face move. He was watching Calruz.
“I am also a member of the Mneiol by virtue of my rank as [Strategist]. I have the authority to render judgment in or outside the House of Minos. Per your request, Calruz of Minos, I have come to evaluate your actions as Captain of the Horns of Hammerad, then as leader of the Raskghar in Liscor’s dungeon. So. Tell me the events as you recall them.”
With that, he sat down and placed a truth crystal on the table, put one gold coin on the table as someone came to take his order, and waved Bezale and Ceria over.
“I will have water or a non-alcoholic beverage. Calruz of Hammerad?”
The other Minotaur paused a moment.
“…Water.”
He glanced at Bezale and Ceria. The half-Elf had a cup of wine and paused in the middle of taking a huge gulp—she’d dipped a giant stag beetle in a shot of whiskey and was about to down that.
