Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 6
Merrik muttered, but he sounded intimidated. Perorn, Niers Astoragon, and Foliana were all standing together with [Commander] Isheil. Three legends plus a distinguished commander. Venaz cleared his throat.
“I’ll—”
Even Venaz’s courage failed him for a second. The students hesitated and Wil and Umina looked at each other. They burned with the desire to ask. But now?
It was the same thing that had kept them from asking the entire month. Umina was just about to suggest they bother the Professor when he wasn’t so clearly busy talking to his superior and one of the most important people in all of Baleros, but she was interrupted. Jekilt, looking from face to face, snorted and pawed the ground.
“If you two won’t do it, I’ll do it myself. Professor! A question!”
The Centaur [Captain] trotted forwards. Everyone, the other students and even teachers, turned to watch. Niers turned his head and raised an eyebrow.
“Jekilt. How can I help you?”
His tone was mildly reproving. Foliana and Perorn both looked at the Centaur, and Perorn’s narrowed eyes made Jekilt draw up. But it was too late to turn back. Jekilt gulped.
“Professor. My deepest apologies for the interruption. However, I have to ask. When might you be available to let Umina and Wil ask their question? The one they earned at Daquin?”
Dead silence followed his question. Everyone waited, breathless. Umina even saw some of the youngest [Tacticians] poking their head out of a classroom with a teacher. Niers raised his brows, but he didn’t look amused, as if Jekilt had found him out. He glanced at Foliana and she disappeared. With a sigh, Niers turned back to Jekilt, frowning.
“I couldn’t give you a solid date, Jekilt. My schedule’s beyond full. This very night I’m meeting with donors to the Forgotten Wing Company, and tomorrow I’m due to inspect some of our company’s cities—I’ll be travelling all day, so Perorn will be instructing you all. When my schedule clears, I’ll let you know. But until then—I have business to attend to. Foliana! You better not have run off!”
“My apologies, sir.”
Flushing, Jekilt retreated. Perorn gave him another reproving look as Niers, standing on her shoulder, hurled a quill like a javelin. It stopped in midair where Foliana had been and she grudgingly reappeared.
“Oh dead gods. You really made him mad! Fleethoof too!”
Marian squeaked as Jekilt trotted back towards them. The Centaur just shook his head, too mortified for words. Umina stared at Niers as he turned back to Foliana. The Fraerling was frowning. But—she felt a tug at her side.
“Umina.”
Wil was looking at her. The Lizardgirl leaned over. He had sensed it too. The Titan had been unusually snappish. He had days like that, but he usually entertained questions. At least, intelligent questions. She hesitated and then leaned over towards him.
“Maybe he really is busy? Huh. My mistake.”
Venaz was scratching at his horns. Jekilt tried to kick him with one hoof. But Wil was looking at Umina.
“Maybe it’s worth a shot. But it would have to be…”
Umina nodded. She whispered with Wil, and then the two of them hesitated. Their classmates saw them raising their hands and quickly throw a sign. It was sword-wand-shield, or, as some other people called it, rock-parchment-knife. Or fist-palm-fingers. It was a universal game.
Wil threw sword, an open palm. Umina threw wand, her two claws pointed. Wil groaned. He turned, adjusted his clothes, and strode forwards.
