Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 4
The Antinium holding his flag clicked his mandibles together in confusion, but he didn’t immediately leave.
“That is not who…”
A voice split the air, bright and cheery and completely foreign to Olesm.
“Yayde Re~! Is that Olesm of Liscor I see? Ah, greetings! Could we exchange words?”
The curious, warbling call made Olesm turn. He saw a peculiarly-armored Drake riding towards him, along with eighteen more on horseback. Their flag was…Olesm squinted at them.
He saw a curious Drake waving at him. Curious because he—she?—had oddly-patterned armor all over their head and neck, the most complete helmet that Olesm had ever witnessed, and shoulder guards.
It looked akin to a [Knight]’s helmet, but it was practically skin-tight, form-adhering, and it was stylized to mimic a Dragon’s head, giving the Drake and all eighteen [Soldiers] an odd, predatory look. The helmet even had tiny, tiny holes for their neck-spines to poke out of, and a few Drakes had even coated their neck-spines with iron barbs. If they turned their heads, you were in danger of being stabbed.
The helmet melded into the shoulder and neck-guards, forming a protective layer of metal or stone—some of the Drakes wore what looked like stone armor—all the way down to their shoulders. Like the upper part of a cloak or mantle fused into their helmet.
It was the most sophisticated armor Olesm had seen: scale armor, interlinking, smoothly-moving plates, which were not fun for [Armorers] to make; they preferred pieces, just like how obnoxious chainmail was because of all the links interwoven together.
The complex head-and-shoulders piece abruptly ended at the shoulderblades, and was replaced by the most dull, painted…iron armor that Olesm had seen.
The Drake officer waving at him had a sword at her waist, and she was riding a pony, not a stallion. Her other bodyguards had hatchets, simple longswords, spears…and a pickaxe? Olesm squinted at the odd mismatch.
“What are they…? Artur, who are they?”
“I do not know, sir. They identify themselves as emissaries of the Drake city of Yolden.”
“Yolden…?”
The name vaguely rang a bell. Olesm started towards the [Soldiers]. They were hardly unwatched; Liscor’s army had two squads eying them.
With a bit of confusion. As Olesm neared, he saw a second oddity. These Drakes—and they were all Drakes, all nineteen—all had the same, complex helmet-shoulderguard.
And iron armor. Or leather. Their officer had what looked like a steel sword, although it was carefully sheathed, but Olesm didn’t even think they carried steel weapons. Oh—and he realized that, instead of bows, they had slings hanging by their sides and an overfull, bulging bag of ammunition.
Rocks. Only their commander, who was goggling at Olesm, had a bow, and it looked like an heirloom. She leaned over her saddle, then got down hurriedly.
“Yayde Re! Hello! Doine! It’s an Antinium! Hold your weapons, everyone! Commander Olesm, I’m from Yolden! [Captain] Voita, of the 22nd Command of the Yoldenite Army! Could I have a word?”
She was the most unusual Drake that Olesm had ever met. From her strange, yodeling cry, to an accent that seemed to be half-shouting at him, to her odd phrasing and armor…Olesm saw her gawking at Artur as he approached.
“Captain Voita? The Yoldenite army?”
Now Olesm recalled. Yolden. He had studied a map of the area. Wasn’t Yolden another Drake city in this region? Even higher up in elevation than Hectval.
