Interlude – Chocolate Gold
Page 2
“Wait, but I thought they were doing that for poor people. Selys, don’t you think low rent’s good?”
Erin had to object here. But Selys waved that away.
“Once we have enough space, rent won’t be as big of an issue. It is expensive to build and maintain apartments, Erin. And if there’s no rent, people won’t renovate. What we lacked was just—competition.”
“Huh. I didn’t think about it like that.”
“Trust me. I’ve learned a lot and I’m going to make nice places. I’ll have Human apartments, ones for Gnolls—”
“What makes those different?”
“Soundproofed walls.”
“Oh. Smart.”
“Come by later. No—let’s make a plan to get together, okay Erin? Just the two of us.”
Mrsha pounded the table indignantly. Selys smiled.
“And maybe Mrsha. But we’ll go around Liscor! Maybe Pallass too! I’m thinking of going there, like you said. For the armor, you know? It’s how I’m making money and I do want to see the Walled City after all. But I need to get the construction taken care of first. And Mrsha gets her day with me! Speaking of which, I have a present for you, Mrsha. Want to see it?”
Mrsha went round-eyed with excitement. The present was at Selys’ home and she was going to see her two best friends, Ekirra and Visma. Erin was thanking Selys when the Drake remembered something and stopped.
“Oh, that’s right. Erin, about the Sage’s Grass. Are you able to pay that [Farmer] his price?”
Erin’s face fell.
“I dunno. Between that and paying for the new inn, Lyonette says we’ll have to juggle some money. But we’re earning again. So…I hope this chocolate will also help with that.”
She saw Selys nodding. The Drake paused, and then looked a bit awkward. She coughed.
“I don’t know how to say this, so I’m just going to come out with it. Erin, if it’s just a few hundred gold, I can at least help pay for a bit. Did you say six hundred gold pieces? Half of that.”
Erin blinked. Selys was reaching into her personal bag of holding.
“Wait, what? Selys!”
“It’s nothing. Well, it’s not nothing, but I can help you out.”
“No, wait—Selys, thank you! I’ll talk it over with Lyonette, but that’s way too much!”
The young Human woman had to stop Selys for a moment as the Drake began fishing into her money pouch. The Drake paused.
“Erin, relax. I can afford that. Do you know how much I spent on dresses this month alone? Keldrass is paying me for the armor and he’s not the only one. Someone will pay a hundred gold to wear it for a week. The rich Drakes, that is. And that’s low compared to what I can get. I owe you a lot. If you need help—”
She was prepared to pay Erin there and then. The [Innkeeper] waved her hands.
“Let me see how much I need. I can’t take a loan—”
“Who said it was a loan?”
Selys smiled at Erin’s face. She waved a finger.
“Erin, I can afford it. Just give me free access to Pallass whenever I want. That would actually be worth three hundred gold. More than worth it. You need to monetize that door, Erin. Even if it’s only for travel to Pallass. Think about it. One silver coin to visit the Walled City or vice-versa. That’s a steal.”
Erin blinked. Selys was getting so—mercantile! But Erin had to smile.
“Thanks, Selys. I’ll ask Lyonette what we need.”
“Let me know. But I want to help. And, Ancestors, if I start earning money from rent, I’ll be able to do a lot more. By the way, I’m getting you new clothes. I had some made, but the [Clothier] thought it was for a Drake. So there’s a hole in the back. I’ll get it to you when it’s done!”
The [Innkeeper] blinked. But Selys was already taking Mrsha out of the door. She stared after Selys.
 
—-
 
