Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 34
“I believe we need another chat, Prognugator Tersk. A [Flag Bearer] is not a worthless class. It is a leader—of sorts.”
Tersk turned back to Calruz, and Artur tilted his head. The Minotaur did not meet with Olesm. He wrote notes and had a speaking stone, but most of Liscor hated him.
However…Artur had noticed Calruz, after the heavy fighting, would come to Tersk’s tent more and more and dine with the Antinium. So that he was not alone.
 
——
 
Artur learned there was a shortage of flags on his side as well. The Antinium had brought exactly one. And unlike before…this time, the flag was a target.
“Arrows incoming! Take cover!”
Artur crouched, shield raised, as arrows pinged off metal. He wore full armor—but with the right elevation and range…
Something pierced the metal on his side, and he felt a flash of pain.
“Wounded! Get them out of here! [Counter Fire]!”
The officer leading the [Archers] spotted Artur, but the [Flag Bearer] shook his head and produced his healing potion. He gulped it down, half-rising to peek across the battlefield as the officer stormed back, exchanging arrows with Hectval’s forces.
Hm. It was not good. The archer-duel was one thing, but Bepol was making the same mistake Olesm had chided him for once before in private. Artur had heard Bepol was fond of the line-breaking charge, and it had worked the first dozen times.
However…Significant Beavers were bogged down in the middle of a reinforced second line. Satel was covering Utel, who had a hole in her leg, as Bepol roared.
“Back! Back!”
And while he was focused on saving his charging soldiers, Hectval would…Artur looked up.
There. The [Riders] were coming. Hectval’s Alliance didn’t have many in the mountains, but the ones they did cut in, just like Olesm had warned Bepol. But the Drake had tunnel vision. The [Riders] nipped in, distracting one of the engaged squads, and forcing them to fight on two sides.
No! They retreated, and Bepol regained control, but Artur saw good Drakes and Gnolls fall. Then another arrow struck him in the shoulder but lodged in his chitin. It still hurt a bit.
 
[Flag Bearer Level 15!]
[Flag: Lesser Missile Defense obtained!]
 
——
 
After that battle, Artur spent three hours mending the holes in his flag. But he got a new Skill. The instant Bepol heard about it, he and Tersk began arguing where to put Artur.
“I need him with my [Archers].”
“The Antinium would benefit likewise from archer protection.”
“Ah, but it’s only lesser missile protection. Better to have it away from a direct volley. Is it permanent? That’s…not bad. Can we test it?”
Artur ended up standing with his patched flag as a group of [Archers] shot headless arrows at him and watched them swerve slightly. The Skill couldn’t block a direct shot, but it turned a lot of hits into grazes or misses.
An inch or two could be the difference between life and death. Tersk ceded Artur to Bepol…mainly because the Drake had taken some bad losses.
“It’s those damn [Riders]. They’re invisible or sped up. I know Commander Olesm claims he can see them, but I need 4th Company or something to handle them.”
Artur nearly fell over his flag when he heard that. Did Bepol not see the [Riders] coming at him, straight as day?
No…he didn’t notice. He was not infallible. Artur watched Bepol uneasily, because he didn’t like the Drake’s lack of vision. But did he say something?
Artur did not. He was only a [Flag Bearer].
 
——
 
The next day, Artur watched a repeat. Bepol didn’t charge the front; instead, they charged him.
