Interlude – Embria
Page 22
“If you could hit me so easily, I’d be worried. You’re a Gold-rank adventurer, Miss?”
“Silver. But I’ve improved since my last ranking test. Not enough, apparently.”
Embria shrugged.
“A Wing Commander should be the equivalent of any Gold-rank adventurer. At least.”
“True. True enough. But you’re quicker with a spear than I thought. I’d hate to try that with my actual sword, enchantments or not. Yvlon Byres, at your service.”
The woman held out a hand. Embria blinked; normally you’d take off a gauntlet, but she shook the hand anyways. Yvlon rubbed at one forearm as she stepped back and Embria wondered if she’d taken an injury. She didn’t comment on it.
“Please. Wing Commander Embria Grasstongue. Are you here to challenge Liscor’s dungeon, Miss Byres?”
“Call me Yvlon. And I’ve had enough of that dungeon for two lifetimes.”
Yvlon’s smile was bitter. But she brushed that away in a second. She and Embria stood to one side, watching as Bevussa flew up in a mock sparring match with Keldrass.
“I have to admit, I sought you out myself, Commander Embria.”
“Just Embria. Have we met?”
Yvlon blinked.
“No. But you were just at The Wandering Inn. And I uh, saw part of what happened there.”
“Oh.”
The Drake’s mood soured at once again. Yvlon spoke quickly, eying her face.
“I don’t know about the uh, Drake. Relc. Your father? I meant about Erin. I heard what she said. And I wanted to clear the air. Erin can be tactless, but she counts Relc as a friend.”
“That’s something. But she didn’t get anything wrong. And you can probably guess our relationship at a glance.”
“I can.”
Yvlon’s quiet voice made Embria look up. The [Warrior] gripped on arm absently, then she met Embria’s eyes.
“He’s quite good. I saw him fighting during the siege. And against the Face-Eater Moths. The Raskghar too, come to think of it.”
“You were here for all of that?”
Embria was surprised. She’d heard of Liscor’s woes. To hear tell, the city had barely made it out of each encounter. Yvlon nodded.
“I took part. Not as the vanguard of any of the action. But your father was a good part of all of it. I think he took out one of the giant Face-Eater Moths? He certainly killed a number of Raskghar. Even one of their Awakened. And…Garen Redfang.”
Her expression grew still at that. But it only made Embria more curious.
“I haven’t been able to get anyone to give me a full account of what happened. Can you tell me more? Uh—would you like to sit?”
“I could stand or sit. It’s not like we’re that tired. By all means, let me fill you in. I can’t say I saw all of what Relc did, but as for the action—”
Yvlon began to tell Embria about all three encounters. Then, with a grimace, she went back and related the encounter with Skinner as well.
“I didn’t see any of that. Not—well, not Liscor’s side of things. But I heard that he helped chase off Skinner himself.”
“No one mentioned that. It doesn’t surprise me, though. He’s one of Liscor’s best—no, probably their best fighter, if not the highest-level [Guardsman].”
By this time Embria was sitting. The Wing Commander smiled to herself as she balanced her enchanted spear on her legs. Yvlon eyed the tip with interest; it had been given a very fine metal inlay that made it look like blue tracers of metal were forged into the spearhead.
“I have to admit, I was surprised at how good Relc was. I’ve known [Guardsman] and none, not even their Watch Captains, have come close. Not even in places like Invrisil. I know the Drakes value their law enforcement, but Relc’s as strong as a Gold-rank adventurer. Without more than his enchanted spear. And he was a war hero?”
