Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 40
“Do you want to know how to humble Djinni, Igheriz? I will teach you. They will remember your name, and mine, for the rest of their days. He will be a better servant as well. Or…well. Let me show you.”
Riqre clapped his hands, and someone brought forth a decorated pot. At first, all shuddered, thinking of the jars. Yet it was not that which the Emir revealed. He showed the pot first to Igheriz, then brought it around, so that [Guards] and [Slaves] stared in puzzlement. He stopped before Pisces and Cawe.
“No one knows what this is. You, perhaps, Pisces?”
The [Necromancer] recognized it instantly. It was Cawe, though, who opened her beak, naming it in surprise.
“That’s…magicore.”
Riqre blinked and looked at her for a second. The [Pickpocket] froze.
Azam, who had not been able to see the contents of the pot, stirred. In confusion. Then…
Fear.
“Well done.”
“Magicore? How will this help, Riqre? I have transported magicore before, but never looked at it.”
Igheriz was confused. He stared at the grey, almost clear magicore, without element or nature. It was a [Mage]’s tool, or a [Jeweler]’s, if they specialized in magic. Few would ever use it.
Riqre spun back to Azam.
“He knows. Don’t you, Djinni?”
Azam was silent. The Emir looked conversationally over at Pisces, then the other [Slave Masters].
“Did you ever wonder how they reproduced? Did you not think to question if such beings ever aged, ever died? Surely—they have limits, or else they would rule this world. Djinni are beings of magic, that is the answer. Pure magic, you see? It is why getting them to reproduce is so hard. Even they can foul up the act of creation. Azam is a rare case.”
Again he smiled, but hefted the jar in his hands. Pure, raw magicore.
“And this…to change Azam, it is simple. It is not about taking his tongue, or forcing him to be this, or that. To punish him, it is simple. Mighty Azam, take this jar in your hands.”
He held it out. Azam did not move. Riqre clicked his tongue and looked at Igheriz.
“Take it, Azam.”
Slowly, the Djinni reached out and took the jar. He held it as far away from him as possible.
Even now, Pisces did not fully understand, but he saw the Djinni’s fear. The gathering was so silent, Riqre’s next words filled the air.
“Drink it.”
Azam looked at Igheriz. The man hesitated, but a malicious light was in his eyes. He nodded.
“Drink it, Azam. Why not? I have seen you down a barrel of spirits and poison without blinking.”
“Master—I do not wish to.”
It was the first, and only time Azam had ever spoken like this. Igheriz blinked, and looked uncertainly at Riqre. The Emir stared at Azam.
“You see? Order him.”
“Master, it will harm me.”
Again, the two warred with Igheriz, from either side. Yet it was the Emir who bent over, whispering in Igheriz’s ear.
“Have you ever heard him beg, before? Have you ever seen him afraid? This is power over Djinni, Igheriz.”
The Stitch-Man hesitated. Then his features took on a look like Riqre’s. He pointed.
“Azam. Drink.”
Slowly, the Djinni did. He slowly raised the magicore to his lips and imbibed it. It was a sludge, and it took him a long time to drink. He did not grimace, or show any signs that the liquid rock hurt him. After all, his body was magic, transformative. He might not even have a stomach.
So why did he look like he was in so much anguish?
“What is happening, Emir Riqre?”
