Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 30
Plop. Nsiia watched a huge chunk of salt, rounded, almost perfectly spherical, actually, drop into the water basin below the golem. Carefully, a lesser Golem with a long-handled net fished it out and carried it, dripping, over to a cart.
“Salt. Salt, and purest water. And you have all that for free? Tell me, Femithain. Is it a Water Golem or is there a special name for this…Purifier?”
She was outraged, and envious. Femithain nodded. He gestured at the Golem.
“You’re correct, Nsiia. It is a Water Golem. Type—Autonomous-Limited. Still more intelligent than the ones we create, but it was never designed to be as valuable as it is today. The size and quality set it apart. Frankly, its creators might not have dreamed we’d put it to this use.”
“Filtering seawater into pure water and salt. Does it provide for all of Illivere?”
Too late, Nsiia knew how silly that was. Even the endless stream of water could not quench a nation’s thirst. Femithain simply shook his head slightly. He consulted his magical notebook.
“It has limits. But yes—it supplies 47% of all of Illivere’s salt by itself. And a smaller, but still considerable amount of freshwater.”
“If I had known of it before, Femithain, I might have been tempted to steal it. Savere, surely would. Or destroy it so their water was worth more.”
The Magus-Crafter sighed.
“That’s indeed a problem. However, the Purifier can defend itself…and we do keep its existence somewhat secret. It has security, Empress. Still, I would count it as one of our nation’s assets. Which are almost entirely Golem-based. Surely…Tiqr had similar treasures?”
The question paused Nsiia. Of course, Tiqr did. The Roc Pact had delivered fabulous mounts and companions. They would not be migrating there on their six-year route anymore, though. And of course, Tiqr had other magical beasts whose products had been worth far more than mere salt.
For instance, only Tiqr’s [Druids], [Beast Tamers], and so on had ever managed to encourage Nightmares to let themselves be sheared. Stitchfolk paid a hundred times the weight of a single bale of the magical horse-hair which could render you invisible in shade…
Yet all that was different than this. Nsiia turned with a bitter smile for Femithain.
“We had our value, Magus-Crafter. But Tiqr’s great treasure is not something like this. It is in our animals. Our great herds, our ties with the creatures of the land. In taking Tiqr, your coalition destroyed all that was of worth.”
He looked at her. And the awe and pleasure of the moment was lost. He nodded slightly.
“Just so.”
It was one of the reasons why Nsiia had chosen him to surrender to. If he had prevaricated—she would have stabbed him. She looked back at the Water Golem. If it had been Illivere instead of Tiqr, would it have fought, drowning the foes as the Grand Elephants had with their tusks and feet, until they brought it down and muddied the waters forever?
It was a passing thought for her. But Femithain had to worry. His nation was not yet lost.
 
—-
 
After the Purifier, the two had a break to eat along the way to Elbe. Nsiia enjoyed some olives and cheese as a snack—the tough olive trees were common to Illivere and she quite enjoyed them. She kept spitting the pits out the window though, which mildly horrified Femithain who had a bowl for them. Nsiia considered that putting the saliva-covered pits in a bowl was the more barbaric thing.
