Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 26
“…Actually, they carried him half-dead off the field. Full retreat. His forces were nearly routed. But they held for fourteen hours. By the time Pheislant had marshaled the full invasion, Desonis had brought all they needed to bear. He was called a hero. I think we burned pictures of him.”
“Wait, what?”
“Oh, Calanfer was on Pheislant’s side for that war. But we thought it was a brave victory, even so.”
Erin rubbed at her head. Lyonette made everything so complex. But that was Altestiel?
“And he’s here, making bad crepes in my kitchen?”
“They looked okay to me. But…yes.”
“Why? He’s way too famous to be here!”
“So was Zel Shivertail. And besides—I remember someone else who went charging across the mud with an army. And you did fight from the front.”
Erin’s mouth did the goldfish thing again. But that wasn’t heroic. That had been desperate. Despairing…
Yet they tell stories about that and get everything wrong.
She wondered what Kiish or Altestiel would say about that battle. Maybe they’d tell it like she would tell…
That was the [Knight Marshal of the Rains], though. A powerful man. A war hero. Certainly one of the more influential people in his kingdom.
He’d asked to court her. Erin paced in the garden for a moment. And he was making crepes. He’d walked with her on the Floodplains and was still here, even after Garry had practically shoved him aside to talk to Erin. Willing to do the dance and not order everyone to move aside. And he surely could unless Erin stopped him, with his aura.
Why?
Perhaps because he wanted to see more of her. And perhaps because he likes what he’s seen.
That thought was practically Lasica in tone and nature. Yet, Erin had to agree with it. That was so—so—
Mrsha wandered into the Garden, to wash her paws in the pond. She’d tried making crepes too, but with limited success. She paused and then padded over to Erin. She produced her notepad, scribbled for a moment, and then handed Erin a note. She could have signed and often struck a balance between the two, but she had no word for this in her lexicon, yet.
Erin looked at the brief word in cursive.
“Tomato.”
Erin put her hands to her cheeks. They were hot! She glanced into the inn, into the big kitchen where the cooking was going on.
Oh no. She was taking this seriously. Selys or whomever it was had put the idea into her head. Altestiel—she half liked him. She didn’t know him as well, but…
She looked at him, at the Antinium furtively inserting flies into his crepe.
 
—-
 
“Erin. It is morning. What will we make to eat today?”
A voice woke the [Innkeeper]. She groaned and rolled over in her bed.
“Garry! I’m sleepy. Do I have to cook today?”
The [Chef] shook his head.
“If you are tired, I will make you breakfast in bed.”
He walked towards the kitchen. Erin hugged him.
“Garry! You silly Antinium! You’re too nice. Come here.”
She threw her arms around him. The Worker started. Even now, he looked surprised and pleased by the hug. He patted her arms.
“You must let go, though, Erin. I have to make you sustenance.”
“Well, then, I’ll make you sustenance. And we’ll both make Bird his chicken-and-eggs.”
“Very well.”
They walked into the kitchen, and Erin slapped his hand down as he reached for the dried flies. That was the one downside of Garry’s cooking…
 
—-
 
It was easy to imagine. Garry and Erin were so natural. They’d done stuff like that. It was easy to imagine that in the future. But even as Erin could visualize a fun moment with him—not a relationship.
