Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 25
And the ballistae? Just as fast. Minotaurs just pulled the massive siege weapon back, reloading it.
“Devils in the deep.”
The Bloodtear [Pirate Captain] had heard stories. But the Minotaurs surprised him. They kept firing; before a bolt landed, another was in the air. All five ships began to take evasive action.
Captain Therrium was swearing. But he pointed his ship ahead at The Emerald Signet.
“Bring down the Minotaur’s warship first! This isn’t over! Send out a call to any Undersea Crews nearby!”
 
—-
 
The Minotaurs weren’t even using spells. Wil stared. They just had siege weapons, but the weapons had incredible range. And the Minotaurs were expert marksmen. They were pumping out a rain of fire that the other ships had to dodge or be sunk by, even with [Reinforced Hulls].
“Dead gods! I had no idea that’s how Minotaurs fought!”
Yerranola was staring. Venaz was laughing proudly.
“No [Pirates] challenge our waters! Well—a few do, but most know better! Minotaur warships are a terror of the seas! And we fight on land just as well! I told you—”
The students looked at each other. Venaz’ boasts were being backed up a bit—if only by the dramatic save. The Minotaur stood on the prow, bellowing towards the distant ship. Wil heard an answering roar back.
But—Lasc kept glancing back.
“They’re still coming, Mister Venaz! And they might be damned experts at close quarters, but they’ll be outnumbered five-to-one! Those are all expert, high-level [Pirates]!”
“Don’t worry, Captain Lasc. The other ships won’t make it. See?”
The Minotaurian ship was moving backwards, as The Emerald Signet fled in its wake. But the other ships kept coming; they were tough and even the impacts from the ballista bolts and catapults weren’t doing more than slowing them. Wil glanced over his shoulder.
“Venaz? Are you sure?”
He could see Captain Therrium in the distance. The [Depth Captain] was pointing. And—Wil heard someone swearing.
“My [Dangersense] is going off. Captain Lasc—”
Delivan looked backwards. An [Archer] was standing on the deck. Lasc peered through a spyglass.
“Damn. No wonder the Bloodtear Pirates have abandoned attacking The Passing Shadow. Everyone! Get belowdecks! They’ve got a poison archer!”
The others looked up. Lasc pointed at the [Archer] that Therrium had placed on the prow. She was sighting—and she was half-Drowned. Wil saw yellowish skin, something like…spikes? He saw her spitting something. Lasc pointed.
“Blowfish. One dose from her arrows and you’re dead.”
The crew ran for the decks. Wil looked at Venaz. Within a few more minutes, they’d be in range. No—were they already? Therrium was pointing at Wil.
“Stop your ship or die. This is your last chance.”
The Drowned man shouted. One of the Bloodtear Pirates was accelerating, using a skill on the right. Wil saw Lasc’s eyes flick from left to right.
“Mister Venaz—”
“Hold course. We’re nearly safe.”
The Minotaur crouched behind the safety of the deck, but he looked—confident. Wil saw the Minotaur vessel turning ahead, offering more covering fire. But the two ships were catching up to the wounded Storm Ship. Wil saw Therrium raise a hand. The [Archer] drew back, sighting.
And the Bloodtear Pirate ship began to draw alongside. The [Pirates] whirled grappling hooks, shouting. Wil saw Lasc bare his teeth.
“Prepare to repel boarders!”
He reached for his sword, planted in the deck. Wil reached for his blade, staring at the casket. He saw Venaz looking up at the sky as the Bloodtear Pirates’ ship drew alongside. Wil looked back.
“Time to fight. Wil, stay behind us.”
