Interlude – Lifting Ants
Page 13
She grumped over to the table and put down the tray; she’d need to get more water and fruits already. Perhaps only Lyonette saw how Grimalkin carefully angled the mirror to avoid showing Erin to the Walled Cities.
“Whew! That stuff is heavy! Captain Z needs to get some of these weights. Imagine doing this every day at the Watch Barracks?”
Relc was grinning and talking with some of the [Guards], who’d strained muscles. Grimalkin had advised them not to use healing potions; it would just reverse their gains. Erin saw some groaning, but many were nodding at the idea. As many female as male, in fact.
“Senior Guardsman, you can lift more than almost anyone else!”
One of the other [Guards] from Pallass, a Garuda, breathed, eying Relc. He had indeed been one of the champions of today’s lifts; Relc had both arm and leg muscle, whereas Maughin had been more unbalanced, and Jelaqua was just cheating.
Pelt could out-lift Relc, but one of the benches had collapsed and the Dwarf had said the steel bar had too much weight on it and had been beginning to bend.
“Hey, well, you know. I’m Relc. Say, are you from Pallass?”
The Drake grinned at the female Garuda. She nodded. Erin thought the Garuda was about a decade older than her, with ash-grey feathers mixed with blue.
“That’s right. I was on the 6th Floor when the Wyverns attacked. But I saw you taking one down.”
“Really?”
Relc preened. Embria and her 4th Company weren’t associating with the former [Sergeant], but Erin could see the Drake’s daughter glancing over at her father with pride. Relc leaned against one wall and coughed into his claw.
“Nice uniform Pallass’ Guards have got. Say—you wouldn’t mind lending it to me sometime, would you?”
“Why?”
The Garuda looked perplexed. Relc put one claw on his chest.
“Because miss, you’re wounding my heart. And while you’re at it, do you know where I can find a [Bard]? Because you’re plucking at my heartstrings.”
Erin nearly walked into Moore, who was gingerly squeezing a lemon into his glass of water. A pair of Gnolls looked up and tried to cover their ears. Erin waited for the inevitable rejection—
And saw the Garuda [Guard] laugh.
“That is the worst line I have ever heard.”
“Aw, really?”
Relc blushed, scratching at his neck spines. He cursed, but the Garuda [Guardswoman] grabbed his arm as he tried to slide away.
“Not so fast. I’ll give you points for effort. Are you free after this?”
The Drake’s eyes widened. He looked over the Garuda’s shoulder at Erin.
“Of course! Are you staying in the inn?”
“Well, I have to get back to Pallass. Magus Grimalkin only had us here to demonstrate, but if you can get a ride, I’m actually off duty on the 8th at…”
Erin’s jaw dropped. She saw Relc and the Garuda conferring, and then she walked off, flicking sweat off her feathers. Relc watched her with a grin. Erin had to walk over as he called after her.
“Yeah! Definitely! I’ll find a way! Grimalkin and me are pals!”
He turned and jumped as he saw Erin staring at him. She stared at Relc, and then the Garuda.
“What?”
“Oh, hey, Erin. Saw my slick pickup, there, did you?”
Erin stared at Relc. His grin faltered and he coughed.
“Okay, I fumbled, but I did it! High five?”
He held up a claw. Erin folded her arms.
“How? That was terrible!”
Relc shrugged.
“Hey, you know, it works.”
“It does?”
A Gnoll exclaimed to Relc’s left. The Drake sniffed.
“’Course it does! Or why do I use them all the time? Anyways, I’m also a Senior Guardsman, pal. And it helps, being a cool hero who helped fight the Wyverns. That lady knows a cool guy.”
“But…what about Embria?”
