Interlude – Paradigm Shift (Pt. 1)
Page 30
He laughed, spreading his hands.
“I would rather you gain a servant you can trust. I would rather she lives. I can admire someone who rises after making a terrible mistake. I am not heartless, see? Do you want to know more, or should I go?”
He sat there, indulgently, as Laken Godart glared across the table. After a long moment, the [Emperor] got up. Tamaroth’s expression shifted; Laken could not sense it in enough detail yet, but his voice was alarmed.
“Where are you going?”
The [Emperor] walked over to the door. He opened it, turned, and looked back. Savoring the other’s discomfort. Then he sighed.
“To get a sandwich and a drink.”
Raucous, relieved laughter followed him as he closed the door behind him. Of course, what Tam didn’t know was that Laken Godart was getting both for himself. He came back though.
And listened.
 
—-
 
The schemes and plots of little villains. Foes, both mortal and immortal.
He had known them all. He still had them, despite how many ages had passed. Grave foes. He knew some of them not as enemies that deserved no pity or reason, but simply those who had set themselves against all. Indeed, he might find common ground with some, if they knew he lived.
Others…others deserved naught but fire and damnation. However, most of these he had watched die, sometimes by his own efforts.
His reasoning in his original body came back to him. How many times must I fight? How much must be sacrificed?
A young woman’s reply, the most unique of all the replies he had received to the question asked:
Do what you want. Help—even if it’s half-assed. Half-effort.
He chuckled at that, even now. Perhaps this was a mistake. The day had arrived, though, and he was committed to his course.
He had prepared in sleepless nights. He had studied, him, practiced, worked harder than he had in millennia. All for one moment.
A Dragon’s plans were more than a single moment, though. Eldavin stood, taking a few breaths to calm his beating heart. What he was about to do next was audacious. He well understood the implications. But what was he, Teriarch, if not one for such grand moments?
He had studied for this moment. Bound magic tingled in his fingertips, ready to be activated. Another breath; Eldavin heard voices from beyond. He would have to act quickly. The world would change from what he was about to do, he had no doubt. If he failed?
Do not fail. The half-Elf smiled, baring his teeth like a Dragon. It had been a long time since he faced failure.
 
—-
 
Incidentally, the Dragon’s position and preparations would have unnerved any of his foes, known or unknown to Teriarch himself, had they known of them.
Indeed, the one foe that Eldavin was unaware of was unnerved. He kept craning his neck and turning, breaking off the lesson.
“Er—is something wrong?”
Aaron Vanwell stared at Emerrhain. However, he was rewarded with a glare.
“It…may be. What is that salamander doing? This makes no sense. Why…?”
He was uncertain. Which surprised Aaron. The restless guest who had appeared in his rooms was clearly nervous about something, although what, Aaron could not tell.
 
—-
 
It was time. Eldavin had taken forty three breaths and he was beginning to suffer from hyperventilation. He steadied his nerves, exhaled, and put his hands on the doors.
“Time.”
He threw open the double doors and strode into the room. Magic moved around him, countless pre-prepared spells. Eldavin raised his hands.
The room beyond had only a few people in it. A Golem turned, saw Eldavin. The Grand Magus lifted his hands.
