Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 20
The ‘Grand Mage’ poked around dismissively, sighing and grumbling. He didn’t like working with enchantments. And he was less than motivated. To amuse himself, he kept snacking, casually emblazoning a few sigils of long-distant empires on the newly-painted coach. Reynold glanced up and protested weakly again.
“Grand Magus—perhaps you would consider relenting?”
“About what?”
Meow. A loud yowl of complaint came from above. Eldavin glanced up. So did Reynold, with a pained look.
Magnolia Reinhart owned cats. How many had never been ascertained until now, but she tolerated them about as much as they tolerated her. It was now clear—and Reynold would bet on this—that all eighteen in the large mansion were now stuck on the roof. They were hissing at the Dragon.
He ignored them. Teriarch kicked around the carriage.
“…Well, I bridged it. But the entire enchantment’s old. Someone needs to just recast the magic. Tell Reinhart that.”
“Er—recast, Grand Magus?”
“That’s right. The wood is what’s decaying. Build a new carriage, port the enchantment over. I’m not doing it. What else did that brat want?”
The Dragon yawned a fifth time. Reynold felt sweat beading down his back as he followed the half-Elf around. Of course, Reynold knew.
What exactly he knew was up for debate, but he wasn’t an idiot. Still, he had exact instructions and this thankless job was mostly humoring Teriarch.
“I er—believe Lady Reinhart would appreciate a few discreet…scrying spells…on some individuals. [Assassins], mainly.”
“No.”
“No, Grand Magus?”
“Too much work. Too much interference. I’m doing this…half-hearted. I’ll have some of that good wine now. And those annoying pests may come down.”
Teriarch pointed a finger. The cats, about to set up for another chorus of yowls, found themselves on top of the magical carriage. They leapt down, hissing or flipping their butts at Teriarch. He ignored them. Reynold stared.
Instantaneous teleportation. A high-level [Mage] could in theory perform [Lesser Teleport] sub-vocally, even teleport a group like that. But a bunch of cats spread out on a rooftop to another point in a moment without proximity himself? That would be a…high-level, dedicated teleportation expert.
But he had also seen Teriarch physically reconstruct the destroyed Steel Golem, literally reshaping the metal and reanimating it while pocketing all the latest books in Magnolia Reinhart’s library. Now, the Dragon wanted popcorn.
“With…yeast. Yes, that’s what that [Innkeeper] served me. Salt, butter, yeast. And where did I put that infernal device? Summon. I mean, er—[Summon Object].”
The laptop popped into Teriarch’s hands after he cast the spell. Reynold hurried into the kitchen. He needed a sit down.
Magnolia Reinhart was out. She had not been in a good mood and was wise enough not to butt heads with Teriarch. He had been exceedingly amused by the news about the [Lords] and Erin Solstice, conveyed through her informant networks. The Dragon even chuckled about it as he played Solitaire on the computer.
“Hah. As if you’re the only one who can conduct trade deals, you little brat! That was so amusing. Ah, well…where’s my popcorn? The inn was faster than this!”
He shouted as a [Chef] in Magnolia’s kitchen labored over a stove. Teriarch was a menace.
