Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 5
Olesm’s flash of anger turned to chagrin. Selys could do that, of course, but he realized he’d snapped because he was…nervous. Stressed.
Afraid.
He took his time replying.
“We’re…as ready as we can be, given how much time we’ve had to prepare. We put all the new [Soldiers] through the Watch and Embria’s crash training, and it works for the army. The Antinium aren’t integrated into our forces, but Belgrade’s leading them and they’re armed. Three thousand Antinium plus our five thousand regular soldiers.”
“Seems like a small army.”
Selys couldn’t hide her worry. Olesm frowned.
“It’s huge! For a city of Liscor’s size of a year or two ago? It would be massive. But you’re right…we are up against three cities. Hectval, Luldem, Drisshia.”
“And you convinced the Council to let you go to war because…?”
Olesm took a gulp of his tea and chewed furiously. The fruit was going a bit mushy, so Selys sucked on her straw.
“I don’t like this tea. I don’t eat soup with a straw.”
“Eh, it’s not cookies for me either. The war?”
Olesm curled up his tail around a chair leg. He tried to be impartial, but he kept thinking of their last battle. All the mistakes he’d made.
The fire as Maviola El burnt away. He knew he wasn’t thinking clearly, but…he looked up and met Selys’ pale yellow gaze. Olesm’s own blue raindrop irises, which matched his sky-blue cobalt scales, were collected.
“They won’t stop. Twice now, they’ve attacked. First with a raiding party. Second with an army.”
“We did march on them.”
Selys pointed out. Olesm growled.
“Yes, and we retreated before we even got within sniffing one of their cities. They put an army at Liscor’s gates with the express intent of bombarding us. They won’t stop. I’ve studied inter-city conflicts. I never thought I’d need to use that knowledge in Liscor, but Hectval will keep raiding caravans, harassing our new villages…now is the time to attack. They’ve lost chunks of two armies. They’re weak. Normally, it would be three cities versus one. We could beat Hectval one-on-one, I’m sure of it, but without the Free Antinium or this moment…so it’s now.”
He expected Selys to argue longer, but she nodded.
“If only uncle Zel were here. He’d…well, he’d probably try to stop the war, but I doubt he’d take their side. And he could have won the war fast. How long do you think this’ll take?”
Olesm cleared his throat. The cold tea was making it a bit sore.
“I didn’t put a time limit on it. Nor am I set on any one goal. It seems like a bad idea. I hope to reach Hectval and have their alliance sign a formal magical treaty within four months.”
Selys raised her brows.
“That’s fast. Uncle always said it took half a year even with the fastest campaigns.”
“Well, we’re close, and they’ve taken losses already. Don’t…don’t keep bringing up the dead.”
Selys’ brows snapped together. She looked at Olesm.
“Why? He’s my uncle. Zel, Erin, Maviola…we say their names to honor them.”
“Erin’s not completely dead.”
Olesm muttered, but the last of the three names struck him the most. Selys glanced at Olesm, and her face fell.
“Here I am making it worse. Argh. Ancestors! I should have just done it the way Uncle says to do it. Fast and quick. Here.”
She slid something across the table. Olesm blinked as he picked it up. A strange, metallic cube dangled from it with a symbol emblazoned on each side. They looked like stylized versions of elements. Fire, a bolt of lightning, an arrow…he raised his brows. It didn’t seem cheap, but it was made of bronze as far as he could tell. And it was clearly magical.
“What’s this?”
