Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 5
Head on a swivel, never looking in one place too long. Walk at an easy pace. Earholes open; don’t walk in a straight line from street to street. Vary it up; stick near crowds. Say hi to people. In fact, that sometimes was the job.
“Morning, Miss. Anything new from out of city?”
Pos greeted a Drake [Shopkeeper], who was setting up. She glanced at him.
“Oh! Senior Guardsman—well, there’s a [Merchant] in, I think. Prices as high as Giants’ eyebrows, though! You wouldn’t believe.”
Pos nodded, studied some hairy fruits—Relc eyed them too.
“What are these?”
“Prelons?”
The Drake and Pos gave Relc a blank look. He’d been in the city for a month and recalled the local produce.
“Oh, right. Are they sweet or sour or…?”
“Sourish. But these are matured, so they lose a bit of it. Very nice.”
Relc’s stomach growled, and he recalled he’d ignored breakfast so he reached into his money pouch.
“How much for two?”
“Two coppers each, but I’ll do you a deal and make it three for both.”
“Deal!”
Relc happily took two of the largest, and, as the woman showed him how to disembowel one with a knife, split the thick fruit’s hide with his claws. Both Drakes, Pos, and the [Shopkeeper] were impressed.
“That’s some strength you’ve got there!”
Pos commented as Relc walked on, sniffing the pale-red fruit, somewhat similar to the red-brown shell with all the long hair. Relc shrugged.
“Skills. What, you need knives to open things? Everything splits if you squeeze it hard enough.”
“Huh. I guess you really are the expert from another city. Here I thought that was an exaggeration, for all you’re good on the training field.”
“What, you think I’m all talk? That hurts, Pez.”
“Pos. Well, why else would you be here?”
Relc paused, chewing the stringy but somewhat tasty fruit. Why else indeed?
[Guard] trades between cities weren’t unheard of, although for Liscor, it was understandably rare with the Bloodfields. Sometimes it was to help—or, Relc knew, to let a [Guard] escape a mistake they’d made.
That was what Terigrals had known. He’d heard about the Golden Triangle debacle and Relc’s involvement. When Relc had arrived via the wagon he’d hitched a ride to, the Watch Captain had put a claw on his shoulder in a grandfatherly, commanding-officer type of way. Like the older leaders in Liscor’s army.
“Heard about your bother in Liscor, Senior Guardsman Relc. Don’t you worry; we had our share of troubles with that damned scam. Lost nearly half a gold to it myself. Not your fault, and no one will hear it from me why you’re here. I’m glad Watch Captain Zevara reached out to me. We could use you for a few months until you can go back. Besides! [Guards] don’t abandon their own.”
It was the same kind of sentiment as in Liscor’s army. Once you were one of them, you didn’t get kicked out unless you broke all faith with your people.
Funny. Relc thought that Watch Captain Zevara would have taken his badge…if he hadn’t tried to give back the money, warn people off. Terigrals? Relc had pinned him as a team-Drake, like the army from the moment he’d said that. He was like the old Watch Captain, before Zevara.
Strange. Something felt…off. Relc recalled the old Watch Captain. Before Watch Captain Zevara had been Watch Captain Eresc. An older Drake in his twilight years, having served honorably in Liscor’s army before being granted a retirement and position in the Watch.
No one in Liscor had minded at the time. Liscor’s Council often took notes from the army…even if relationships had been become strained since the Second Antinium Wars.
