Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 8
“We have to buy from Drisshia. Or hope a [Merchant] decides ours is a good trade route or sends a caravan out. They’ve got the monopoly. Hectval’s got their bows, Luldem has their magic…Yolden’s not the biggest tail around. I don’t know if you noticed.”
Olesm very carefully kept his face straight.
“Your [Soldiers] looked quite professional.”
Voita gave Olesm a toothy smile that told him she knew he was being nice.
“Doine, Commander Olesm, no need to be polite. We’ve lost enough battles with the Alliance to know we’re behind. Not that they get over the Big Wall.”
“Tell me about that. Big Wall? Is Yolden a…town?”
She shook her head.
“No, it’s a city—sort of. Big Wall’s the curtain wall around our towns. See? One big wall—we hold off foes there. And Yolden’s around Yodemite. That’s the name of the enchanted mountain. Throws off some magical stones…nothing like Salazsar. Ever heard of pumice?”
Olesm stared. Yolden was a city that, among its pastures and wide, wide land area, was more like a rural collection of widely-spaced towns behind a single, long curtain wall. They were nestled with their backs to a sometimes-unpredictable mountain filled with lighter stones.
Pumice, which was a stone so light it floated on water. Olesm had to see that. He saw a stone that was pale beige, so weak it was crumbly, with tiny airholes, come out of Voita’s pouch. She handed it over with a faint blush.
“It’s good for taking off dead scales. Put it in a cup. See?”
“Is it…magical?”
Olesm watched as the rock bobbed in some water. Voita shook her head.
“We wish! Just light. We’ve got it all lying about. Something about old Yodemite makes some stones float…there’s decent mining up there, but stones fall down all the time. You can get brained by one, and even pumice hitting from high enough caves in your skull. So we wear this. See?”
She tapped her odd headpiece, and Olesm realized why the helmets were so elaborate. It was a perfect shoulder and head-guard to ward off pieces of stone falling from above. Even children apparently had them, and the only times you took them off were indoors.
“This is…fascinating. So the Alliance isn’t friendly to Yolden.”
She snorted.
“Friendly? We’ve paid tribute to them…the Townships have to send a lot of our sheepies. No one likes them, but who can beat three cities all teamed up and close together? We’ve tried. Yolden joins up with Naughtl, and even Fillen, but we don’t trust them all the time…we hold our own. Then Liscor appeared, and we thought—we have to reach out, Antinium or not.”
Olesm glanced at Voita’s face. She had a big smile, perhaps because this was all so exciting to her, and an oddly metallic sheen to her scales, which were almost grey-orange. Metallic orange.
“You’ll forgive me if I’m skeptical, Captain Voita, but yours would be the only city I’ve ever met that didn’t treat the Antinium as a greater threat than anything.”
“Oh, the Black Tide? We know they’re nasty…but we hate the Heckies more. That was the big argument, see? However, Yolden didn’t suffer siege in the Antinium Wars, either one. We sent our girls and guys out, and some didn’t come back, but the Antinium never made it to us. They focused on Luldem! Hah!”
Ah, there was the pettiness. Olesm relaxed and offered Voita more of his Amentus wine. She was remarkably free with his things. It seemed Yolden was the kind of place where anything left out was fair game—so they hid anything they didn’t want guests to touch. Which was everything.
Drakes with a twist. Voita explained Yolden’s history in the Antinium Wars.
