Interlude – Lifting Ants
Page 11
Occasionally, the Drake would show one of the students lifting to punctuate a point, or flex a muscle group; he had perfect control over his body.
And he was also speaking to all the Walled Cities of Izril. All of them in the world! True, he wasn’t being broadcast by Noass and Sir Relz on Wistram’s ‘approved’ channel, and the highest-ranking members of each Walled City weren’t watching.
Well, the Dragonspeaker of Manus was. As were a number of powerful people from other cities. Watch Captains, military leaders—they were all listening on Grimalkin’s request.
It began to hammer home just how important Grimalkin was. Erin nervously watched as he made his speech about the safety, increased effectiveness, and utility of the weights.
“We already have a number of civilians observing the tests, along with the group I have personally invited. I thought it would be instrumental to see a hypothetical gymnasium in operation. I have the exact numbers of how much this would cost, which has already been forwarded to each Walled City.”
He flourished a packet of paper. Another surprise; Grimalkin was much like a muscley professor! He went on as he headed towards the bench press.
“I thought it would be informative to observe how much or little muscle each type of profession or warrior can bring to bear. For instance, Selphids are known for their ability to Rampage and bring out a full body’s potential, but how might that compare with the strength of, say, an elite [Warrior]? Here we have Senior Guardsman Relc, also known as the Gecko of Liscor—”
Relc was lifting a weights bar up, both ends loaded with weight. He groaned.
“Aw, don’t call me—wait, am I being watched by everyone?”
He stared into the scrying mirror. There were six benches and Moore, Jelaqua, one of 4th Company’s [Captains], and two [Guards] were all sitting on the other ones.
“Another utility of these weights is measuring individual strength. We can actually quantify data, although any one test will not properly represent an individual’s full capacity, it is data. Imagine knowing definitively which of your [Soldiers] had the best upper body strength, or who had surprising growth or potential in any given area? We’ll begin testing who has the most strength among this group. Begin lifting—now!”
The six all lay down and tried to lift the bar in the press Grimalkin had taught them. Moore looked incredibly nervous and self-conscious; Jelaqua looked like she was having fun.
“They are attempting to press two hundred pounds of weight. Let’s see how they do. Now, lift! Exhale as you push! I want to see you struggle!”
Grimalkin roared at the lifters, switching gears. Erin saw the bars lift—she inhaled.
“That’s heavy. I weigh a lot less than that!”
Indeed, while three bars rose fast, Moore’s, Jelaqua’s, and Relc’s, the other three test subjects had trouble. The [Captain] got it up with a grunt. Embria and 4th Company cheered him on.
“Go, Pielt! Don’t let those adventurers beat you!”
Next to him, the two male [Guardsmen] were struggling hard. The Gnoll got it up, but his balance was off and he did have to struggle. The Drake—didn’t. The bar fell towards his chest and he cursed and called out—
“As you can see, not all the trained warriors can do two hundred pounds. And while I’m sure we’ll see a very high limit on those with Skills and levels, two hundred is still a sizable number.”
Grimalkin caught the bar one-handed and pulled it back into the rack. The Drake panted, shamefaced, as Grimalkin went on.
