Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 41
Hrome burst out at last, confused. Riqre just watched Azam’s face. The Djinni stared at him, and there was hatred there. So much that it unnerved Pisces. Gone, gone was the blank look of what now all realized had been contempt and indifference. Azam glared at Riqre.
“The trick is not done. Tell Azam to spit it out, Igheriz.”
“Azam…”
The Djinni was already doing so. Out came a spool of liquid from his mouth, and it was dark. The magicore was silky night black, flecked with bright orange stars and a film of color Pisces had never seen. He stared, impressed despite himself.
“That’s valuable.”
Cawe whispered to him. The [Necromancer] nodded. Riqre clapped his hands. Like the [Magician] showing off the highlight of his trick.
“Do you see? Do you understand?”
It took all of them a while, but Pisces got it before the rest. He only had to think of magic…and his face became so disgusted that Igheriz himself stopped smiling.
“Explain it, Riqre. I do not know magic this well.”
Riqre waved at the jar of magicore.
“Think on what it looked like before, Igheriz. Transparent. It was raw magicore. It is the void, you see. No—more like glass. You understand? Transparent. Nothing. They are creatures of color. Even their nature. Nightair. Aethertravel.”
He strode over to the jar, and inspected the valuable liquid. It began to splash onto his hands and the ground.
“Azam, in the jar!”
The Djinni stopped spitting it out at the Emir. Riqre just shook his hands free, smiling up at Azam, and let a [Slave] clean him. He gestured at the liquid on the ground, shining with magical power.
“Such valuable magicore. Colored bright. Worth—easily worth—ten times what it was mere seconds ago. Had we let Azam keep it in him, it would be even more valuable. Maybe not. It has his quality, you see, so it may be hard for a [Mage] to work with. They have to distill individual elements. After all…it is part of Azam. Or was.”
He smiled like a Demon, gleefully. Azam’s face was still. Igheriz stirred. Some of the others finally realized what had been done and looked incredulous or uneasy.
“You mean…”
“Not his power, Igheriz. Just…what was Azam. A bit of certainty. A bit of memory. Faded away. Now it is here. Do you want it back, Azam? Do you want to ignore me again?”
The Djinni stared at the pot. Pisces held his breath.
A bit of Azam? A bit of his memory? What had happened? Was it like…forgetting a detail of something in your head, like losing the color of the drink you’d had last night? Or had he forgotten a face? A name? An event?
It terrified him, and he had not suffered it. Azam stared down at Riqre, and his lips moved.
“No, great Emir Riqre. What do you bid?”
The smile was victorious, and magnanimous. Emir Riqre turned away, waving a hand.
“Nothing from you, Azam. It is a lesson for Igheriz. You see.”
The man did. He stared at Azam, and the jar, and at Riqre as the Emir went to recline. The Emir kept speaking, as a [Slave] took the jar from Azam to be sold.
“That is how you will punish Azam if you feel like it, Igheriz. To motivate him. Does he not make you laugh? Feed him magicore. Does he misinterpret an order? Do that. A bit of him will go with it. A small amount makes him dread. A large amount? That is the biggest punishment. In time, they could lose everything that makes them…Djinni. They are practically newborn, then, like the few who are created.”
His head turned, a gleeful mask. The caravans of Hrome and Igheriz were silent again. They stared at the horror that could make a Djinni shiver and freeze up in fear.
