Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 31
He was glad the Goblins and even some travellers liked the music. Few kept pace with them so late at night, but occasionally he saw a traveller turn to listen.
But it couldn’t be just headturningly good. It had to be beautiful. Something so sad it brought you to tears, so glorious when it mattered that it scorched the soul.
It was wrong to say that Numbtongue had no real desire or inclination towards his class. It was just that he hated playing anything that wasn’t good enough. Especially when it mattered.
For the moment, he played. He had been there, so only he could remember it properly. He, Badarrow, and Rabbiteater.
The last brothers.
It was also wrong to say that the song, as it was, was inherently poor. It was just a composition of Numbtongue’s finest work, some filler, and a conflicting bunch of ideas.
For instance, was it appropriate to have an electric guitar riff instead of a dirge for Bugear? Bugear probably would have appreciated it, but thematically it might be a bit off.
Nevertheless, Gothica glanced up as Numbtongue began to play like lightning, and actual electricity made the horse skip forwards a bit.
Music as you had never heard it, from an instrument born of knowledge of Earth. The Singer might have copies of that kind of music, and her own version, but this was the first instance of it existing in Izril outside of a recording.
The Hobgoblin’s music was electric. The company listened. Fierre poked her head up, nodding appreciatively. Salkis started. She liked this music. It was definitely the right choice to come here, bugs and annoyances or not, even if she hadn’t been able to do nearly as much fighting as she’d hoped. She’d levelled. Worth it.
Niers Astoragon wasn’t sure if he liked it or not. He just felt it lacked accompaniment.
“Bird, am I getting old? Old people have no taste in music.”
Bird tilted his head.
“Whether you have taste or not, you are certainly old.”
“Thank you, Bird.”
However, the consequence of Numbtongue’s playing wasn’t so much in affirming the relative age of his listeners. It was in how it affected them. Especially the ones who’d never heard it before.
Some of the Goblins began oohing or pointing at Numbtongue. Look at that! Look at that! Snapjaw stopped snuggling with Badarrow on her horse—she’d let someone else take over Icecube for the day—to frown.
“One, two…Badarrow, who those Goblins?”
The [Sniper] frowned at the odd Goblins. At last, he took notice of them. Just in time to see one of them approvingly see Numbtongue playing and decide this was a jam session. She pulled out a curious bone flute out of a pouch and began to play on it.
The haunting melody made Numbtongue falter for a second, but it was complementary, not competing. He turned to stare, but assumed for the first second that it was a Goblin disclosing a hither-to unknown musical gift.
The two began to experimentally duet as Badarrow and Snapjaw exchanged glances. They’d picked up Goblins? They were sort of used to it; like ticks, a Tribe could actually pick up Goblins. But it wasn’t something they wanted now.
Especially when attention came their way. And the bone flute/electric guitar solo finally picked up the wrong kind of attention.
“Excuse me. What is that music? We’ve been listening to it for the last hour.”
Numbtongue started. He recoiled, nearly went for his sword, but relaxed just in time as some Gnolls caught up down the road. The group slowed, uneasily, and Garia gulped.
But the sixty-odd Gnolls who’d come their way were as friendly as they could be. They even sniffed Numbtongue.
