Interlude – Embria
Page 5
“Exactly. But we have orders to support him, and we have to. I wish we didn’t. Soldiers like Zel Shivertail never played politics. He said what was important. Stop the Antinium. Kill the Goblin Lord. Tying ourselves to someone else or meddling in this election is going to come back and bite all our tails. But we have to win.”
She looked around the table. The other officers sighed or muttered, but they all nodded. Vell leaned over, looking troubled, and poked Wikir.
“Hey, Wikir. That Gnoll [Shopkeeper]. She’s a big shot, yeah? What’re her odds on the Gnoll side of things. How many of them will see sense about the Antinium?”
Wikir coughed. He looked at Embria and shrugged.
“She’s honored Krshia, Commander. I can’t explain it too well and I’m not running with the civilian crowd yet. They don’t trust me. But I do know Krshia. She’s smart. Got lots of authority. When she howls, a lot of Gnolls will follow, no matter what deal with the Antinium is going down.”
“Then maybe we have to get her to reconsider her stance on the Antinium thing.”
“And fund all her shiny projects how?”
“Tax the adventurers more? I’m all for expanding Liscor if that’s possible. I have an aunt who told me about the prices yesterday. And if she’s hurting for coin—”
The breakfast table erupted into several arguments. Embria quietly drank the rest of her tea as she listened to the pulse of her officer’s opinions. At last she raised a claw and had silence.
“I’ll explore our options. Tomorrow. For now, keep an earhole open and wait for further orders from High Command. We’ll support this Lism and wait for more candidates to emerge. There are eight seats on the High Council unless anyone’s forgotten and these two are fighting for the same district under that plan Krshia rolled out. Someone get me a map of those districts too.”
The Drakes and Gnolls nodded. Fika shook her head as she scratched at a patch of scarred, burned skin on the side of her face where the scales had never regrown.
“What do you want to bet its eight Gnolls vs eight Drakes on either side? Ancestors, we might have more Gnolls than Drakes on this year’s Council.”
Wikir turned his head down the table like the slow wrath of the mace he used. Which wasn’t slow at all in battle.
“And would that be a bad thing, Sergeant?”
Fika’s cheeks colored.
“Nossir! Not unless it means I wake up sharing my bunk space with an Antinium!”
Another laugh. Pielt covered for Fika, who was part of his mainly Drake squad.
“You just worry about getting our squad that table at Wishdrinks, Sergeant. I’ll see to it we walk out with two lovely companions. Drakes or Gnolls.”
“You keep saying that, Pielt. But even if you got more nests than all the other squads—which you won’t—could you even get anyone to join you for a drink?”
Captain Vell smirked. Pielt glared at her.
“No problem, Vell. I’m as smooth on a tavern floor as I am on the battlefield.”
“Really? In that case, give me your best shot.”
Vell spread her arms, mockingly. The officers laughed and Pielt grinned. He pushed back his plate, then leaned one arm on the table and gave Vell a full-toothed grin.
“Hey there, sweet-scales. I saw you checking out my tail. I’ve got two. Want to see the other one?”
Embria saw Vell’s eyes bulge, and then heard her guffaw. The Wing Commander smiled as the female side of the mess hall laughed and some of Pielt’s male friends rolled their eyes.
“Dead gods, that’s your best, Pielt?”
“If it works, Vell…”
Pielt grinned around. Kesa snorted and leaned over to Vell. The Gnoll whispered loudly.
“He says that, but I’ve never seen a tail that short before.”
