Interlude – Lifting Ants
Page 6
Bird instantly handed him the goat’s cheese. Archer B12 froze and didn’t take it.
“Eat the cheese.”
“This one is on duty. It is not permitted to speak, only—”
“If you do not eat the cheese, terrible things will happen. Archer B12’s duty is to eat the cheese. That is what Individual Bird says. Also, as slowly as you want.”
The Worker processed the statement. And then, slowly, he took the little goat’s cheese. He began to nibble at it. Just…tiny bite by bite. Eating something he’d never had. So wonderful.
Of course, he’d had soup, and acid flies, and everything else at the inn, all of four times. And Archer B12 remembered each time. But cheese? All of it for him? The Worker tried to savor each bite.
“Good.”
Bird sat down, humming happily and opening and raising his mandibles. He fished around in his basket.
“Would Archer B12 like a drink of apple juice? It is a question of utmost importance.”
Before Archer B12 could respond, a voice rang out across the roof.
“Bird! Are you bothering the Workers?”
Instantly, all the Workers began working twice as fast. Archer B12 started, but Bird put a hand on his shoulder.
“Eat.”
He stood up and looked around. Erin propped her hands on her hips and stared at Bird. She had sensed him on the roof and she’d been checking to make sure he hadn’t been shooting Birds. But she stared at Bird and the basket as he came over.
“What are you doing, Bird?”
“Feeding the Workers.”
“What? But they never want food when I offer it. They say they have to work. Why are you feeding them? I mean, it’s fine. But why?”
Erin blinked at Archer B12, who was eating the goat’s cheese and trying to rush and not rush at the same time. The other Workers silently worked, trading places, setting up frames…Bird shrugged.
“They are Workers. And so am I. Since I am not hunting, I thought I would give them food. Because it is sad not having food all the time. Food in the Hive is bad food. Yucky.”
His little speech made sense. But it still impressed Erin. She looked at Bird.
“Huh. Well—good job, Bird.”
He really had changed since he’d been banned from his vocation in life. Or rather, that was the reason. Bird tilted his head left and right.
“May I feed the others?”
“Sure, I mean, are they hungry? They never are when I ask.”
Bird nodded. He turned back and walked back to Archer B12.
“That is because you ask. Is Numbtongue awake yet? He was asleep when I knocked.”
Erin hesitated.
“I think he’s still in bed. He was dragged to Wailant’s farm to drink. I mean, he wanted to go, but he drank a lot. Also, Octavia’s in Pallass.”
“Yes. So our mining expedition will not happen today, probably. Which is sad. But they are happy. Miss Octavia is. Numbtongue is sad.”
“Oh yeah, Octavia’s over the moon. She’s learning from Saliss.”
“He is very naked.”
“Yeah. But he’s cool.”
 
—-
 
In his secret laboratory, Saliss’ eyes glittered as he carefully maneuvered a dropper over the jar of Haste Potion. His eyes shone with excitement.
Real excitement. And that anything could make Saliss Oliwing, Saliss of Lights, Named Adventurer of Pallass excited was enough to nearly make Octavia rip her heart out of her chest. But she was learning.
For one thing, she was learning what it meant to be one of the best [Alchemists] in the world. Because Saliss was excited. He’d practically dragged her into his laboratory this morning to do this test. But he was also incredibly focused.
