Interlude – Chocolate Gold
Page 8
Visma’s older brother bowed low as Ekirra raced into the apartment. Visma stared about the apartment, and then raced after Ekirra as Mrsha waved a hand. The Drake tried sniffing Mrsha back, then she stared at a scrying orb Selys had left precariously near a table. Her eyes went wide.
Selys had everything from the five books that had been written this year, to a map of Izril. She couldn’t afford the big stuff yet, but everything within a normal family’s disposable budget Selys could buy, and more.
The little Drake girl instantly grabbed the dress, put the scrying orb in it, and hugged it to her. Her brother tried to scold her.
“Visma, no! Put it down! I am so sorry, Miss Shivertail—”
“Call me Selys. And it’s fine. I should’ve thought of that. I’ll be fine with the kids. Feiss, is it?”
“That’s right. Um, my parents say they’ll be happy to help out if you get tired. Um—”
“If I need to, I’ll call for help. But it’s just down to the park, right? I’ve done it before. Thank you! Oh, and how’s your mother doing…?”
Mrsha ignored Selys. She had noticed how polite people were to Selys these days. She’d taken Mrsha to the public bathhouse, and the attendants had given Selys a lot of attention! Well, Selys had paid for a private bath for her and Mrsha. One with nice-smelling water, and you got your fur groomed afterwards!
Selys was so nice. Mrsha waved at Ekirra as he completed a lap of the house. Like her, he’d been sniffing everything. Visma was busy trying to find a spot to stash the items she deemed most Visma-worthy, but the two Gnolls met up in the living room. They hopped onto a sofa.
“Mrsha, are we going to play? I brought my ball!”
Ekirra had indeed brought his special ball with stars on it. Mrsha’s tail wagged as she held the crimson, magical ball behind her back. She proudly brought it out and Ekirra’s eyes went round.
“Ball?”
He choked as he saw how special it looked. Selys smiled fondly as Mrsha slowly touched one of the magical sigils and then tossed it onto the ground. The ball shot off and Ekirra—
Went nuts. He and Mrsha chased after the ball, nearly running into Visma. She nearly grabbed the ball but it swerved and juked! It was the ball of a century, a magic ball!
“It has other functions too, Mrsha! It can come back to you—you can play catch with it that way. And it lights up in the dark! Some [Magical Craftsman] made it, I think.”
Selys demonstrated more of the ball’s functions. Mrsha was leaping around, rolling on the floor, unable to contain her excitement! She was going to have so much fun showing it off to the other Gnoll children in the park! No, any child would love this ball!
Mrsha leapt up as Selys pointed towards the door.
“Want to go to the park, kids? I’ll be one second! I just need to get Visma. Visma! I know you like all the nice things, but they’re mine! You know what they say! Hoarders don’t get to keep nice things! You don’t want to turn into some old Drake with a pile of trash, do you? Come on!”
She went off, looking for Visma to find her things, promising the little Drake girl a treat and maybe a little toy if she came out. Mrsha knew Visma probably would come out; she was getting better about hoarding. She raced about excitedly as she held the ball in her paws. Mrsha only stopped when she realized Ekirra had gone still.
