Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 25
At this moment however, the great Emir of Roshal, [Slave Lord], the Naga…was bound, gagged, and naked, tied up in the center of his quarters. And lest someone think this was an extremely kinky hobby or shared moment, no one was around, and a blindfold covered the Emir’s face.
Coincidentally, a Dagger of Wounding sat on the low-set table in front of the Emir. Also, a Scroll of Teleportation, and the Emir’s personal key to his vaults and palace. The Emir wiggled as the door opened, but was quite helpless.
The Gnoll paused in the doorway. His eyes fixed on the dagger—and the Emir, who was divested of his artifacts. The scroll, the key—the Emir lay, helpless, trying to move.
“Emir Yazdil. Has someone rendered you helpless? Or am I to leave you here and call for a [Concubine]? Or shall I untie you?”
The Gnoll stepped past the table, ignoring all three objects, and gently pulled the gag down. The Emir Yazdil blinked up at him as the blindfold was also removed.
“Untie, Iert. How is Darsul?”
“Dead. They are telling stories about you in the marketplace.”
“Are they?”
The Naga smiled. He stretched as Iert cut away his bindings and stood, unabashedly naked. The Gnoll bowed his head.
“The Seven Legends of Emir Yazdil. One for every day of the week. I can repeat it for you, if you wish.”
“I would like to hear it myself. And Mak’erieen?”
“Enjoying her day in Roshal. She will be back by nightfall.”
“Good.”
The Emir stretched. Iert looked around and found his clothes, neatly folded in a corner of the room. The Emir preferred loose clothing when he was a man. He walked over to retrieve them and heard a cracking sound.
Like…sinews and tendons snapping. Iert held still, waiting. He turned; and the Naga was rising, his serpentine scales flickering orange-yellow in the light.
Shining, polished, sinuous. The Emir preferred to be a man in most companies. Because to look at him as a Naga was to see him for what he was. Far more dangerous than the scholarly man.
He smiled at the Gnoll. Iert picked up the clothing and tucked them away; they weren’t needed now.
“Was that a test, master?”
“Of course it was. Were you at all tempted?”
The Naga looked at Iert, teasingly. The Gnoll sighed.
“No.”
“Not even a little bit?”
“What would I be tempted for? Tell me, has anyone ever failed that test?”
“Not when it was actually me. Ah, my scales are dry from sitting so long. I thought you’d be back hours ago. You had breakfast, didn’t you?”
“Blackberry tarts.”
Without being asked, Iert fetched a container of very high-quality scale cream. The Drakes made it, as well as Lizardfolk. The Emir let the Gnoll apply it to his dry scales, sighing. His tail slowly began to curl around the Gnoll’s legs. It was a habit; Iert ignored it.
Yes, he could well imagine it. Someone would come across the Emir. Just like that. And in their wrath, even if they hesitated for a long time, they might take up the dagger, or scroll, or key, or all three. And stab the Emir to death, or teleport, or use the key.
Then they would wake up.
The Naga twined about his most beloved servant. Some things they said were true. Such as the fact that Emir Yazdil prized people more than artifacts or animals. Darsul had collected a harem. Yazdil desired more than that. Gender did not matter. Attractiveness did not matter.
Competence and loyalty did. And the Naga was possessive.
“Do you want anything, Iert? You’ve worked hard this last month.”
“If I think of it, master, I will tell you.”
“Please do. Tonight, you, the Djinni, and I shall dine. No parties, no gatherings for a few days. It is all done. Darsul’s holdings—”
