Interlude – Meetings and Friendships
Page 7
As Grand Strategist, Chaldion had the option of enforcing or vetoing that kind of command as a matter of security regardless of what the [Senators] decided. He had not, either way.
He too was conflicted.
“Grand Strategist, does this prove anything? Sserys’ legacy aside…one little gesture does not change our state of war.”
General Edellein hadn’t been moved by the gesture. The Drake’s arms were folded and his expression was annoyed at best. The Grand Strategist looked at him.
“General Edellein, your personal thoughts aside, an Antinium [Strategist] has decided to honor General Sserys. This is an act unprecedented to our understanding of Antinium. It matters.”
The [General] hesitated and ducked his head stiffly, flushing beneath his scales at the reprimand. General Dulm was concerned, but for different reasons.
“Liscor is under no gag order, Grand Strategist. Word is already spreading.”
“I know. The Assembly can’t keep this secret. The question is—do we frame this in a way that makes Liscor’s Antinium positive, or just leave it as it is?”
Chaldion drummed his claws on the table. The news that had been sent covertly to him by an unmarked message had annoyed him. Someone—and that someone was almost definitely Wistram—had intelligence they’d passed onto him, including details about the Antinium like Anand’s class.
What did they know? The Grand Strategist decided a visit to The Wandering Inn might help things. But Grimalkin was pursuing his own leads…and his news made even the memorial look like peas compared to pumpkins.
His head hurt. And it hurt more when the old Drake heard a crunching sound. Dulm and Edellein, looked sideways.
Saliss, completely nude, was snacking on popcorn. They were in Chaldion’s home, and the Drake had occupied a couch that Chaldion was now going to have cleaned.
“I mean, look, guys. Who cares? Sserys got a statue. Yay!”
A few popcorn kernels went flying. Saliss lowered his claws. He balanced the bowl on his stomach as he lay, front facing up. Edellein turned away instantly, as did Duln.
“So what? Sserys is dead. Yay, our old war hero got a memorial! So what?”
“Not everyone is as unpatriotic as you, brat.”
Chaldion glared at Saliss. The [Alchemist] had let himself in—probably knowing this secret conference was happening. Ironically, Chaldion trusted Saliss’ discretion. And that was about the only thing Chaldion trusted. He had been raised to defend the Walled Cities, including Pallass. If only…
“Generals, I propose we make the announcement crediting the memorial to Liscor’s Antinium. If nothing else, this proves there is a difference of opinion between Antinium.”
“You’re sure, Grand Strategist?”
Oh yes, the note had been very clear that the Hives competed with each other. Chaldion nodded, his eyes flicking to Saliss. That meant something. Even if the Slayer was back to strength…infighting was something Drakes knew more than any other species.
“Make the announcement. I’ll deal with the Assembly of Crafts. We’ll throw a day of celebrations in three days, even. All crediting the Free Antinium. Spin it on Liscor.”
 
—-
 
“[Soul’s Armament]!”
Numbtongue raised his arms and shouted. To Mrsha’s disappointment, there wasn’t any cool music or a flash of light like Erin had taught her to expect. Mrsha had decided she wasn’t going to be a [Wizard] and maybe not even a [Druid] when she grew up.
She was going to be a super-cool, transforming warrior like the ones from Erin’s world.
By the power of the tribes! She just needed a cool sword like Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin loved his crystal blade. He never let Mrsha touch it.
