Interlude – Bird
Page 7
He glanced at Bevussa. The Gold-rank adventurer idly wondered what would happen if she said yes. It could be funny. Then she recalled the image of Bird sitting with a dozen dead monsters lying around him, feathered with arrows. She sat up and looked Bird in the eye very deliberately.
“I would not like you to, Bird. Ever.”
“Okay, Miss Bevussa.”
“Glad we got that straightened out.”
Bevussa breathed a sigh of relief. Then she had another thought. She glanced at Bird and smiled.
“I get the worry, but I can dodge arrows just fine. Even Halrac would have trouble hitting me on the wing. Anyways, you’re an ant-man. Technically you should be worried about me.”
Bird paused. He looked confused.
“Why would I worry about you, Miss Bevussa?”
The Garuda smiled.
“Well, I’m a bird. And you’re…an ant.”
“I am not an ant. I am an Antinium.”
“But you have a carapace.”
“Yes. But I am not an ant.”
“But you walk around.”
“Yes, but I am not an ant.”
“Are you sure? Ants walk around and they have carapaces. And just so you know…I have been known to snack on ants.”
Bird froze. He stared at Bevussa and then looked down at his body. He seemed to process Bevussa’s statement. Then he glanced at the bird woman again. Nervously. Bevussa licked the edges of her beak. Bird stared at her for a long moment and then edged away.
“I am not food.”
“Sure. And I’m not a bird.”
The two looked at each other. Then Bird stood up.
“I must go for reasons I have not come up with yet. Goodbye.”
He scurried towards the stairs, glancing behind him at Bevussa every few steps. She grinned, and then felt a bit bad.
“I hope I didn’t scare him.”
Erin came over with a mug of her own lager. She tasted it and made a face.
“He’ll be fine. I think it’s a good lesson for Bird. Hey, you gonna drink your beer? Because I’m not. This stuff tastes bad.”
Bevussa realized both of her drinks were in front of her, as yet untouched. She shook her head and lifted her mug to her beak.
“He’s not what I expected an Antinium to be. But I like him. He’s a child, but an adult. It—well, are all of them like him?”
“Not all. But they’re all a bit young and old at the same time.”
Erin stared sadly at Bird as he hurried up the stairs. He was clearly nervous, but he held the feather like the most precious thing in the world. Like his bow. The two women watched Bird disappear. Bevussa sat with her mug in her hands, thinking of the Antinium Wars, of all the Workers that no doubt lived in the Hives. She glanced at Erin. A hundred things raced through her mind, questions, statements, very few of which would change anything that was reality. She opened her mouth to choose one of them—
And a Drake slid into a seat next to Bevussa. Both she and Erin turned as Relc appeared. The Drake gave Bevussa a huge grin and flexed his arm a bit as he leaned over. He took a deep breath and then spoke in what he thought was a seductive tone to Bevussa.
“Hey, baby. Did you drop out of the sky? Because you look like a bird of paradise to me.”
He winked as he pointed two fingers at Bevussa. The Garuda stared at him, drink tilted towards her beak. Part of it began dribbling down her front as she and Erin just stared at Relc. He looked from face to face and then turned away.
“Damn it. I knew I shouldn’t have given all the good lines to Embria.”
