Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 12
He had been shamefaced, refusing to meet her eyes. But now the [Butler] stiffened. He nodded to Erin, politely, but his voice was firm in disagreement.
“Miss Erin. I do regret the way the incident occurred. And Lady Reinhart is less than…polite in her way. She has used your inn to her advantage. However, I would ask that you refrain from insulting her in my presence.”
Erin looked at Reynold incredulously.
“Don’t you know what she did? She wrecked the chances of helping the Antinium! She just made war more likely and for what? To get in with the Walled Cities? She could have done something better. Nicer. She could have—”
The [Butler] met her eyes calmly as he shook his head.
“Miss Solst—Erin. I hope you will never have to defend all of Invrisil. Let alone Lady Reinhart’s estates, which contains more land and people than many [Kings] or [Queens] will ever rule. It is true she can be cruel. It is true that for her justice or safety, she runs roughshod over the rights of a few for the many.”
He looked at her.
“She is cruel. But have you never hurt someone to help them? I set bones in battle. And men screamed and cursed my name at the time. But they thanked me later. Perhaps Lady Reinhart could be kinder. But was she wrong? Erin Solstice, you have never seen The Black Tide march. Perhaps you would change your opinions then. But I hope never to see such a sight again.”
The young woman didn’t know what to say to the polite [Butler]. But the [Princess]? Lyonette du Marquin looked at Reynold.
“Well said, Mister Reynold, was it? I’d expect nothing less from one of Magnolia Reinhart’s servants. She does garner loyalty from her people.”
She paused as Reynold and Erin looked at her. Lyonette went on.
“She has earned your loyalty, sir. But I fear Lady Reinhart treats others like disposable objects to be used against their will. I hope you never find yourself a piece in one of her games.”
The [Butler]’s eyes flickered as Erin looked gratefully at Lyonette. He hesitated, and then Reynold bowed again.
“Begging your deepest pardons for my incivility, Miss Solstice, Miss Lyon. I will not trouble you further.”
He turned and marched over to Yvlon. The [Butler] bowed, handed Yvlon a letter. Then, he returned to Lyonette, handed her six silver coins, and walked out the door and back through to Invrisil.
“Damn.”
That was all Erin could come up with after that. Another slap in the face. And worst—she couldn’t even undo the slap. She tried—she could go through, but when she asked Ceria to flout Magnolia’s rules, the half-Elf found she couldn’t leave without handing Erin six silver coins.
“Now that’s enforcement of a rule. A Skill for a [Lady]. Yvlon, what was that missive?”
Pisces observed. Yvlon stared up at him from her letter. The woman’s face was pale.
“She knew. Take a look at this.”
She showed her team the letter. It was a short message from Magnolia Reinhart.
 
Dear Yvlon,
I consider the presence of your little friend, Ksmvr, an acceptable one in Invrisil, and I have spoken with the Watch Commander regarding it. Please do refrain from using your rank too much in Invrisil, although I quite understand this occasion.
On another note, do send me more of your little letters if you ever have the time! I did regret it when they stopped, but I suppose you grew older. You must call upon me on my estates sometime. Oh—and your Gold-rank is exceptionally well-deserved. Do introduce me to your team when you get the chance.
Best,
–Magnolia Reinhart
 
“No way. How did she know?”
Ceria stared at Yvlon. The young woman was blinking.
