Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 15
And that was that. The other two Gnolls left the tent fast—after selling one copy to the [Shaman]—with their trade-goods. It was a lighthearted moment, if hugely embarrassing.
Satar sat where she was for a long while, before Cetrule walked over. He inspected her works and picked them up, offering them to her.
“We should, ah, get back to the Silverfang tribe. Akrisa sent me right away when she heard. She will want to know all is well.”
“Oh.”
So her mother knew she’d been arrested. Satar walked after Cetrule, head hung low. She tried to say something as they left the tent.
“Chieftain Akrisa doesn’t have to know why I was stopped, does she…?”
Cetrule hesitated, clearly torn.
“She…will want to know why. And not knowing the answer will bother her more than the reason. Which is not—awful? Not at all.”
He looked at Satar, and the [Shaman] didn’t say anything.
“It’s not a shame to have a hobby, Satar. If it is what you like—she knows you are a [Storyteller]. She might even be glad to hear of your level. Level 23 [Archival Storyteller]. You didn’t tell us you were Level 23! She would have thrown you a celebration.”
“I was going to. Later. I wanted it to be a surprise.”
The [Shamans] had used [Appraisal] on her to make sure she had no untoward classes. They were thorough. Cetrule nodded, looking at her.
“Then, you prefer this class over being a [Shaman].”
“I like being a [Shaman]!”
She protested, but she heard the disappointment in his voice. Satar looked at Cetrule wretchedly.
“I just like stories too. I didn’t want to do anything wrong.”
“You didn’t.”
“I was arrested. Mother will think I’m a child. That’s why she doesn’t trust me, isn’t it?”
Satar was close to tears again. Cetrule hesitated. He touched one of the silver charms hanging from his bracelet as he slowed. They were coming close to the Silverfang tribe, and more celebrations were on the way.
The Meeting of Tribes was winding down, but the threat of Drake armies, the revelation of the magic-theft…it was complicating the ending. Still, there was always an event, and Satar’s Retellings were one of a dozen on even the slowest day. It looked like a little parade, a celebration passing by their tribe, so Cetrule turned to Satar.
“She regretted that, Satar. Truly. It is unimaginably stressful for your mother and her sister right now, and they do not even trust the secret with the other Honored Gnolls of the Silverfangs. Only a handful know; even the Chieftains of other tribes working with us tell no one but their most trusted Gnolls.”
Satar’s head rose. The [Storyteller] felt a tingle on the back of her paws.
“Is it something like…Ferkr? Or our gift to the Meeting of Tribes?”
“Bigger still in its way.”
“Bigger? What, Cetrule?”
He hesitated. The [Shaman] looked around, then drew her into one of the tents not being used yet. He sighed.
“Give me five minutes. I would have to do this in the Silverfang tribe anyways.”
He drew something on the ground. A circle, no, a warding sigil Satar recognized. It took Cetrule seven minutes, and he actually pulled out silver dust to complete it. It was one of the most complete wards for privacy he could manage.
“There. I can tell you, now. But turn this way so no one can read my lips.”
The Gnoll angled his back to the closed flaps, and Satar’s fur prickled. She was excited—but suddenly nervous at the precautions Cetrule had taken. He leaned forwards, and Satar held her breath.
“That child who is in the Silverfang tribe—who Krshia and Akrisa made a fuss over when she arrived?”
