Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 27
And Numbtongue did. The moments blurred together. He stood with his back to Yellow Splatters, shouting.
“Redfang!”
And then it was like how he remembered fighting. The Humans were everywhere. But his friend was at his back. Numbtongue spun, kicking, grabbing for a weapon. A club—he swung it and the wooden club locked with a sword trying to take his chest.
More Humans! Numbtongue didn’t know where they’d come from. Suddenly, there were twenty around him! Yellow Splatters guarded with two arms, swinging with blows that lifted men and women off their feet and put them on the ground. But he was too big a target. Someone threw a bag and vines showered him and Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin fought clear and a mace caught him on the side of the head.
Reeling, he nearly tipped over. The [Brigand] tried to finish him off and a potion exploded in his face. He clutched at his eyes as a Pepperspray potion detonated. More Humans scrambled clear. But there were more of them as Numbtongue got up. Yellow Splatters moved back, guarding the shop as Octavia hurled potions out of her window. Numbtongue swung his club and hit something.
But they were losing? No. Yes. The [Enforcer] spun past him, dodging four people at once, his hat clean. But he’d taken a knife to the side. Numbtongue looked around.
So many Humans. Where did they keep coming from? He looked down at the club in his hands and realized he was bleeding. He felt at his side. An arrow stood out.
“Ow.”
The [Bard] grinned weakly. He looked around. And the Humans were closing in. He looked back at the shop.
“Numbtongue!”
Yellow Splatters roared as he threw another Human. But he was cornered, his carapace bleeding. Three versus twenty had been done. Three versus thirty was possible. But forty?
Numbtongue looked around. He was surrounded. A [Warrior] with a sword advanced, and Numbtongue saw four more Humans closing around from each side. The Redfang Warrior bared his teeth.
“It’s just one Hob. Kill it.”
Shakily, one of the Humans breathed. Numbtongue looked at him. But it was true. Numbtongue was just a Hob. Not Headscratcher. Not Shorthilt. If he’d had this club—Numbtongue blocked a slash from the [Warrior]. He staggered, slipping. Someone jumped in, stabbed Numbtongue along the shoulder, darted out. The Hobgoblin twisted his head, took a punch from a pair of brass knuckles.
If only I was Headscratcher.  If only he were Pyrite. The other Goblin’s memories surged in his head. He’d fought Eater of Spears. He’d hurt Reiss! He’d stopped Tyrion Veltras. He could have won this fight. With fat. With strength. With skill. He would have seen them coming. The sword flashed at Numbtongue’s face.
Pyrite would have ducked forwards.
Numbtongue knew it. He ducked forwards and the blade flashed over his head. But because he was moving the Human [Warrior] actually ran into him. He tried to bring the sword down, but Numbtongue was under his arms. The Hobgoblin rose, staring at the sword.
Good sword. Pyrite would have taken it. How? Oh—
Another bite. This time down to the bone. Numbtongue felt a wrench as the [Warrior] yanked his arm free, screaming. But he’d loosened his grip on his sword. Numbtongue seized it. He eyed the blade.
Iron. Not too sharp. But decent. What would Pyrite say? Not good. But okay. The [Warrior] grabbed at a dagger. Someone charged Numbtongue. A dagger for his back. And Pyrite—
