Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 10
Wing Commander Embria was listening to the conversation in Olesm’s tent. He could have warded it, but he hadn’t, instead letting her listen in. She shifted, and the other person listening in nodded.
“Commander Olesm is quite unkind. He has Captain Voita on the back foot. He should press the charge. Unless that is not how you win verbal wars?”
Artur, the [Banner Leader], stood with his banner, almost invisible. He was conspicuous as a Worker standing behind a pole of wood, but he was so still that you forgot he was there. Embria hesitated. She looked at the Antinium and replied.
“I…er…she might back out, but I’ve seen the army negotiate. They tend to hang anyone trying to cheat us out to dry. You have to; small-time cities can be as bad as big ones.”
Artur nodded reasonably.
“In that case, I am glad he is being so mean.”
Mean? Embria listened. Olesm was offering Voita a chance to look at his Kaalblade.
“Steel? Liscor has steel. We also have access to two major cities, Human and Drake. Would you accept a gift? I have a fine, enchanted dagger. Perhaps you could show it to the Township as a symbol of relations…? Oh, and you should have one meal before you go. Liscor has its own delicacies.”
It was surprisingly mean. Embria had always thought of Olesm as somewhat of a nice guy. The war was making her rethink that.
She was actually a bit surprised Artur thought this was all fine. Embria frowned at him.
“You’re Artur, aren’t you?”
“Yes, Wing Commander Embria.”
“I thought Antinium liked being nice? I never saw those Workers and Soldiers at The Wandering Inn so much as curse. I thought you’d be all for hugs and kisses.”
Artur craned his head as Olesm poked his own head out of the tent to order a pizza—and Liscor’s own diplomatic core and Council to get in on this.
“If Yolden does not commit its forces, more of our [Soldiers] will die. So he should press her as hard as he can.”
“You mean, Antinium Soldiers?”
Artur gave Embria a look. She blinked because it could only be described as…withering.
“I mean, Liscor’s [Soldiers]. Do not be an idiot, Wing Commander. Sir.”
He gave her a three-handed salute, one hand holding onto his flag. Wing Commander Embria’s mouth worked.
“Sorry.”
 
——
 
The Antinium were changing. Wing Commander Embria didn’t speak much to Artur; she was busy meeting Captain Voita and watching Olesm impress upon her and her squad just how much she wanted to make this alliance work.
“We need to talk to the other cities, Wing Commander. I suggest [Message] spells rather than sending runners. I’ll put the Council on it. Stupid of me not to think of it.”
“Yes, sir. I mean—no, sir. I can pull 4th Company and see if they can glean any tidbits about which cities are trustworthy or useful.”
“Do that. Oh, and Wing Commander? I have a lottery for you to bring back to Bepol’s troops. Tell him I want him to take his rally point in the next two days or I’ll have his tail.”
Perhaps it was the directness. Olesm didn’t try to coddle people’s feelings. He could, and he had soothed Bepol’s ego at the start. However, these days he had a carrot and stick in either claw, and he’d smack you with both if he had to. Or feed you the stick.
That was how Embria had experienced command in Liscor’s regular army. She returned to her command with Wikir and Vell, and found three members of 4th Company were in trouble. And that Division Leader Bepol had personally come to sort out an altercation in her absence.
“They started it!”
