Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 6
That was how Noa found herself rolling in barrels and dumping bags of holding into them for the Human to drink as he sat cross-legged under the canopy of trees, far, far overhead. A sky unto itself for the Fraerlings. Luan gulped the ‘cups’ of water down.
[Body: Water Retention] had allowed him to survive against all odds at sea, but thirst was still thirst. His first real, wonderfully cool water went down so fast he had to slow down. He knew he’d puke if he drank too fast, so he tried to sip and talk.
“You’re Fraerlings. I thought you weren’t secretive, though. The Titan of Baleros is a Fraerling.”
That was the first thing he thought to say. The two little Fraerlings, the angry man in charge and the young woman who looked up at him, awestruck, both exchanged a look. The younger girl looked amused; the man just growled.
“Yes, yes. Every Tallfolk knows the Titan. The most famous Fraerling ever! And you think you know us? The Titan’s a damned adventurer and head of one of the Four Great Companies! He’s an insane loon who left the Fraerling settlements when he was young. We’re not like him, so any ideas you have of us—forget it. We’re not like the ones in his company either.”
“Okay. I’ve touched a nerve. I’m sorry. Thank you for saving me.”
“You’re welcome! We saw you swimming here! I mean, I did. It was amazing! We couldn’t help; you were far too far for us to even think about it, but it was incredible! Are you a [Sailor]? Did you survive a shipwreck?”
Ekrn glared at his sidekick.
“This is Noa. She’s the idiot who didn’t shoot you through the head before you blundered into our perimeter.”
“Perimeter? Oh—the exploding wires?”
Luan suddenly recalled running into what felt like a minefield. Ekrn sighed.
“Yep. The area around here is secured against predators, so don’t run out or you’ll hit something. Mind you, I’m amazed you didn’t die when you ran into all our lovely, lovely…expensive…traps.”
He glowered. Luan felt like he was talking to someone determined to hold a grudge. He was disoriented, but he had been around Ken long enough to appreciate diplomacy. So, the South African man just grinned.
“I’m sorry for living, sir. I’ll do better next time. I’m no [Sailor]; I’m actually a City Runner. Sea, not land. And I can pay—I’d repay you for saving me as well!”
He fumbled for his side, and realized his bag of holding was gone. He glanced at Ekrn.
“…Unless you want to help yourself?”
The Sentry Leader grinned inadvertently—then scowled and coughed.
“We went through your bag of holding. Nice crossbow. Did a monkey make it for you? We don’t want your gold; we don’t need it.”
“A friend of mine made that. What do you mean, you don’t want any gold? I’m happy to pay—”
Ekrn sighed.
“And what would we do with gold, Human? Well, gold would be great for the [Alchemists] and [Enchanters]. Shame your coins have less gold than pyrite.”
Now Luan leaned forwards, reaching for another barrel. He looked down at the Fraerlings, greatly intrigued.
“You don’t use it? For trading with us? Humans? Lizardfolk, Dullahans and Centaurs?”
Noa laughed incredulously, then caught herself. Ekrn looked up at Luan, and now he did look amused.
