Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 32
Possel snarled at Relc, gesturing to the spear on the table. It was cheap; not even steel-tipped. Someone had made this in a good likeness of an actual short spear.
A kid’s weapon. Still dangerous enough if you hit someone with it the right way. Especially if you had six buddies with spears all jabbing at once. That was why they called it a ‘spear wall’. Drake tactics were built around the idea of ‘if you run into a lot of pointy objects, you get hurt’.
Relc glanced at Possel, then at Watch Captain Terigrals, who was looking angrier than Relc had ever seen him. The Senior Guardsman looked at the Gnoll; his spear hadn’t done much good. Someone had given him two black eyes before arresting him, and a bloody nose.
It wasn’t Vok. Possel laid it out in a few words.
“There’s entire gangs running around with spears! For ‘self-defense’. My patrol ran into them and if they’d had steel tips…”
The Gnoll kid looked at Relc and then down. Terigrals turned to Relc.
“Senior Guardsman Relc. Have you been training civilians to use spears on your off-duty hours? With no regard for the consequences?”
Relc twitched at the word. It didn’t suit Terigrals, not how he used it. He replied, slowly.
“Some kids watch me practice, yeah. I’ve been showing them the ropes. I know you…”
He didn’t know the name. But the Gnoll kid looked familiar. Possel looked incandescent. Terigrals spoke.
“This is the last thing we need at this time. Relc, I expected better of a Senior Guardsman.”
“Why?”
The question stumped the Watch Captain for a second. He pointed at the spear.
“Arming dangerous gangs—”
“They’re kids. Civilians know how to defend themselves. It doesn’t even have a metal tip. You could barely take out someone’s eye with it.”
“If that’s a [Guard] patrol which has to fight a gang with spears—”
“I’m not teaching gangs to fight. What were the kids doing?”
“They had weapons! We followed up on an urgent call…”
For a bunch of kids holding wooden practice spears. Relc kept looking at the Gnoll kid. No one was offering him a healing potion, and—Relc looked at the Watch Captain and Senior Guardsman.
Routine. Relc stood there like he did when Zevara chewed him out. Hands behind his back, posture straight, face straight and staring through Terigrals’ head.
“Yes, Watch Captain.”
“No, Watch Captain.”
“It won’t happen again, Watch Captain.”
Relc was getting sick of routine. He looked at the Gnoll kid as he was put into the Watch’s lockup for the day.
He wanted to go home to Liscor. But how would that change anything for anyone but Relc? He was given a warning, a write-up, and assigned to patrol-duty with Possel for the foreseeable future, as Senior Guardsman Relc’s reliability was now under question.
 
—-
 
Relc could have listened to Terigrals chewing him out. However, among his amazing non-Skill abilities was the power to tune out things he didn’t want to listen to. So he stood there, inserting routine-comments as necessary.
He was tempted to do the same for Possel. It was amazing, but the other Senior Guard had volunteered to partner up with Relc. It was to make a point. Relc knew what Possel was going to say before he said it as they walked out of the Watch House. Not the words, but the dance.
This too, was routine. Relc’s grip tightened on his spear as Possel snapped at him.
“I thought we were on the same page, Relc. First you kill a bunch of monsters and stop that robbery without anyone getting hurt—now this. Whose side are you on here?”
