Interlude – The Great Race
Page 21
It had about eight entries in red on one column, and the other column had over three hundred, all in black with question-marks appended. The [Administrator] smiled as Ilvriss and Zail eyed the unusually brief paper.
“This, Wall Lords, is a list of possible dangers we might encounter. I have eight known threats. The rest is a list I compiled, and I’m sure we’ll add to it.”
Ilvriss glumly inspected the sheet. Known threats?
[Pirates], Shifthold*, competing forces, crabs…
“Oh come on, crabs?”
“The only wildlife spotted so far by ships, Wall Lord. The point is that we have no idea what’s out there. We’ll be fighting them and other cities, other species—not to put too fine a point on it, but how likely is it a Lizardfolk colony would clash with, say, Manus?”
Ilvriss ground his teeth together and cursed Alrric for being right. Zail just nodded.
“So the competition is…?”
The Gnoll gave him a happy smile.
“Everyone.”
The two Drakes waited. Alrric spread his paws.
“Gentlemen. Ilvriss, Zail. Even with all my Skills, I do not have time to write down every single nation, [Merchant] over Level 30, and [Innkeeper] in existence. Everyone wants to go to the new lands.”
“Yes, but the amount of people who can venture out is low.”
Ilvriss smiled at Alrric’s exaggeration, but the Gnoll just gave him a long look.
“Yolden has made its move. You…haven’t been walking past the Merchant’s Guild lately, have you, Wall Lord?”
Zail and Ilvriss hesitated. They had people to get them coin, and the Merchant’s Guild was on the lower floors. Alrric nodded.
“You might want to take a peek.”
 
——
 
It was not unique to Salazsar’s Merchant’s Guild. In fact, the largest notices were plastered across many guilds in a region, whereas the smaller offers were specific to a few cities depending on the power of that particular guild or [Merchant].
 
[Merchant] Concie’s Venture to the New Lands! Sign up now with applicable classes* to journey to the new lands! Food, supplies, and even weapons will all be accounted for by the Level 34 [Enterprising Merchant], Concie!
Day pay 1 sp, 4 cp. Additional rewards for exemplary performance. Treasure splits to be negotiated. Inquire with Merchant Concie’s representatives.
 
That was one of the kinds of notices that Alrric fetched for Wall Lord Ilvriss and Zail. It was one of a dozen, and the Wall Lord just sat there.
“Does anyone actually take this kind of offer up? A silver piece per day…that’s rock-bottom.”
“I imagine that’s on top of other incentives. But yes, it is one of the weaker options. However, there are entire groups of [Merchants] pooling resources, Ilvriss. I saw a headhunter notice asking for anyone with [Settler] or applicable classes over Level 20. There was a 20-gold signing fee.”
“Still low.”
Zail grunted, but Ilvriss was starting to get worried. If that was what you got from the public advertisements…he tapped a claw urgently on the table.
“Alrric, how many pickaxes or—or wagons are left in Salazsar?”
The [Administrator] gave Ilvriss a proud look, like a [Teacher] finding a great pupil.
“As a matter of fact, I secured as many of them as I could. A pickaxe’s value is already 344% what it used to be. The smithies are working overtime churning out nails and other related goods—I can only imagine how much Pallass is doing in business.”
It was great to have someone like Alrric. Ilvriss exhaled, but Alrric continued.
“So, as you can see, Wall Lords, there will be thousands of individual ventures. And they’re all headhunting. Talented individuals are in a seller’s market.”
