Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 64
He saw the Gnoll duck, spear sliding sideways. His thrust dented Crusader 51’s armor, and the Gnoll cursed as the shield clipped one side of his helmet. He rolled, and the shining blade split the [Soldiers] above him. Up, the spear exploded, stabbing Crusader 51, cutting off his upper right arm.
Lulv leaned out of the way of the blade, and Crusader 51 smashed his jaw with the hilt of his sword.
The [Spearmaster] grimly planted a dagger in Crusader 51’s neck, and the poisoned blade ate into the [Crusader]’s life. Still, Crusader 51 stood. He turned away from Lulv.
A sword obliterated Manus’ front ranks. [Soldiers] backed away from the gigantic blade and Lulv cried out.
“[Spear Art: Fangs of the Dire Wolf]!”
The first fang destroyed Crusader 51’s chestplate. The second ran him through. The [Crusader] raised his sword, a spear through his beating heart, and Lulv caught it. The Gnoll’s arm trembled as the [Crusader] tried to bring it down.
“What are you? Where is that power coming from? Kill the Painted Antinium! Don’t let them get away!”
Manus was hammering on the golden barriers. Crusader 51 tried to bite Lulv in the face and the Gnoll jerked his head back. The [Crusader] was laughing. One Soldier watched as Manus’ army lost their quarry.
If one can do that—he saw Lulv break away and felt an emptiness as the spear yanked out of his breast. The [Spearmaster] whirled. He raised the spear to throw. Sighting on Dekass’ back.
Crusader 51 reached for him, but two dozen [Soldiers] grabbed him. He fought, but they held him down, stabbing. Crawling over him. Sacrificing themselves against a high-level warrior.
One look. Lulv turned a snarling face to the [Crusader] and saw the Antinium smile. Strength beyond fairness? No. Well, maybe. It occurred to Crusader 51 he’d been onto something. Perhaps someone hadn’t thought things through?
But this was fair. This was just…a miracle.
If you believed, if you were willing to sacrifice everything and you were the right one—he could do it. The [Crusader] tilted his head back and listened.
 
[Conditions Met: Crusader → Templar Class!]
[Templar Level 25!]
 
[My Noble Virtue: Sacrifice declared.]
 
The world turned white. Lulv went blind. Everyone saw nothing…and everything.
He saw the first glimpse of a cloudy sky, the light peeking around a cloud, revealing the sun, brighter than—
When the light cleared, the Antinium were gone. The [Templar] lay, body ruined. Arms folded, at peace. Lulv, arm shaking, lowered his spear. He saw someone raise a hand to destroy the body and caught the arm.
“No. No…don’t touch it. We have to know. We have to…”
He looked around, rattled. For the first time in this conflict…
Spearmaster Lulv felt afraid. He had witnessed something he had no name for. Something different from magic. If he could have named it, it would be—
Faith.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: …Eek. This is 40,000 words. But I am on-track for an easier…shorter…third chapter to conclude this arc. I didn’t think I’d make it, but I did—assuming I kept everything and didn’t save it. So third chapter might be shorter and easier on me to write!
Please stop laughing. I know we are racing, but three chapters is the shortest I can do the arc justice with…and I hope you find it entertaining. It is a genre apart.
However, I will leave it at that. There are two secrets in this chapter. Also, I congratulate Selkie on their Stabby! Everyone go check out a fellow web serial author, and read their story! For now, I will rest, but I’ll be back next chapter. Have faith.
 
Skinner by twerkzoncatz!
                                
 
