Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 40
“What are you going to do about the people murdering Gnolls? Didn’t you see the latest Sellme drawing?”
One of them shouted. Relc waved a fork back.
“If you mean whoever killed that guy a day ago—I’ll investigate. Where was it?”
The speaker went silent, confused, but the acquiescence didn’t fly. It was just a [Guard], trying to calm them down. The crowd rumbled. Then someone focused on Relc.
“Hold on. Look. That’s the Drake that’s teaching the spear.”
Some of the Gnolls recognized him. Relc nodded. He waited. The fact that they knew him was probably because his patrols had never ended that badly. Or he knew Vok. Or maybe Sellme’s latest painting had a strikingly similar Drake arresting another [Guard], who was trying to hit a bunch of downed civilians.
Even so, if they went for him, Relc was going to…run away. So fast they’d never catch up, even if there was a City Runner in the mix. If they didn’t, he’d look into that murder.
They didn’t attack him. It might have been the fact that Relc was eating from a bowl of noodles, or the way he talked to them, with a different city’s approach.
Maybe it was just the badge. It gleamed on his armored chest.
Senior Guardsman Relc, Liscor’s Watch.
The piece of metal had never looked so fitting. Never seemed so important before. But then, it fit Relc today more than other days. He had been a [Senior Guardsman] for a long time, but he’d been surprisingly low-level for the position.
Below Level 20, if you could believe it. Zevara and the previous Watch Captain had made an exception for a Level 30+ [Spearmaster]. However, Relc had leveled painfully slowly in the class, even if you took his other classes into account.
Today, the former Level 18 [Senior Guardsman] stood and talked, listening to the crowd and the way the city waited. It wouldn’t be long. He also doubted he could stop it. The Watch wasn’t changing. Relc wasn’t smart enough to change their routine. A single Relc fist could only punch one person at a time, as amazing as he was.
Nevertheless, the badge shone. With trust. Such that even those citizens of Cellidel, Gnolls and Drakes, who didn’t know Relc, saw it. It was a Skill only for a [Guard], who needed it.
[Wear My Integrity]. A capstone Skill, along with another for a [Guardsman of Trust].
But what it really meant was different. Relc had once told Erin Solstice that a Senior Guard was special because they couldn’t just get the job. They had to have enough people willing to vouch for them. Hundreds.
A [Guard] was not a [Soldier]. The badge meant trust. If you didn’t have that, you weren’t a [Guard]. With it, he could do his job. You didn’t run away, even if you were alone, because someone was counting on you.
Relc Grasstongue kept the peace alone, where it went badly on other streets. The next day, martial law was declared.
 
—-
 
It was going to get worse. Watch Captain Zevara kept glancing at the reports from Cellidel. She sat in her office, checking over Calruz’s work reports, the army’s growing needs, and every other aspect of her job.
Wing Commander Embria had been by again, to make a personal appeal. Watch Captain Zevara normally resented that, but she had let it all slide because she agreed.
Cellidel. Why had she sent him there? She’d thought it was just crime, but this? Riots between Gnolls and Drakes. She didn’t have to double-check Relc’s claims. She believed what she was reading.
So. Why then was this the letter that sat on her desk? Watch Captain Zevara had written back; she recalled the letter, verbatim.
 
To Senior Guardsman Relc,
