Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 47
The Centenium threw him back. Saliss skidded. He made a sound. Like a roar and hiss at the same time. He could do it! He could—
“Stop.”
Someone grabbed his shoulder. Saliss felt a familiar claw drag him back. He whirled. For a second he thought he saw a glowing eye.
Chaldion. The Drake looked at Saliss. It was like a cooling splash on the Drake’s head. He saw the Skill fade—and looked back.
Wrymvr was waiting. Coiled up, bleeding. But—Saliss focused on something.
The cracks—
Were closing. As soon as he’d damaged the armor, it was closed. Where had he ripped off the mandibles? The Centenium wasn’t even bleeding anymore. Saliss wavered as a second wave of spells hit the ground around the Centenium. And he realized what Chaldion was trying to tell him.
I can’t kill it—
Saliss reached for a potion. He put it into his mouth—and everything exploded out of him.
From every orifice, nasty as that was. Saliss vomited and fell to his knees.
Potion of Complete Purge. The overload of alchemical effects left him—worse than poison. Saliss gasped as he got up.
“How much time did that take off…?”
Wrymvr advanced. Saliss flicked a Potion of Haste into his mouth again. A second Antinium landed lightly on the ground.
“You were right, Wrymvr. Of them, this was the best one.”
“It was not enough.”
The Centenium spoke. Saliss jerked. Wrymvr the Deathless was watching him. And—Saliss saw—
Healing. It was regrowing the limbs he’d torn off. Not just closing the wounds.
“[Regeneration].”
Of course. Saliss closed his eyes.
“Whew. Well, you got me. Congrats!”
He applauded them. Klbkch and Wrymvr studied the Drake. Saliss spread his arms.
“You know what, I know when I’m beaten. Why don’t you just eat me? Fair’s fair. I did my best, I lost. So I’ll just roll myself up, slather myself with butter, and—die, would you?”
The [Alchemist] threw his potions. How many? As many as he could grab, as fast as he could. Magnetic attraction! Bottles of lightning! Potions of Blast! Cyclones of wind! Just blow the damn Antinium and all of Izril into ash and fire!
[Combination Attack: Lightning Tempest]. [Combination Attack: A Thousand Fireflies]. [Combination Attack: Winter’s Freeze]—
If it could regenerate, he’d blow it to bits! Destroy it so fast it wouldn’t have time to recover! No quarter, no mercy!
He was Saliss of L—
The Drake stopped, bottles in hand as the continuous explosions kept echoing for another ten seconds. He advanced—the two Antinium retreated.
“Get back here.”
They were a hundred feet away. Watching him. Wrymvr was much slower than Klbkch; its armor was torn. But they were moving away as Saliss advanced. The [Alchemist] pointed at the ground.
“Get back here and fight.”
“Do you have enough potions to kill Wrymvr, Saliss of Lights?”
Klbkch stood at a remove. Saliss bared his teeth.
“I still have potions. Enough. I’ll bill Manus later. If they can afford it. Come over here and let’s find out which one of us is dying.”
He waited. Wrymvr was making a sound. Ice and fire and lightning and acid and…so many effects that it had taken its mark. But the damage was healing. And then…
And then the Centenium spoke.
“[Body of Change: Alter Resistances]. [Threefold Elemental Body] [Greater Resistance: Acid], [Greater Resistance: Fire], [Greater Resistance: Electricity].”
Saliss dropped a potion. He picked it up, then looked at Wrymvr. The Centenium fluttered its wings. And it started laughing at him.
Wrymvr the Deathless. Centenium had levels. You just didn’t…
…need to speak Skills to use them.
 
—-
 
