Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 24
“Okay? Which one is it?”
Shelly’s antennae waved. The audience of Drakes, Gnolls, Humans, and a few other Antinium waited. Then he pointed towards the bowl in the middle.
The Drake’s jaw dropped as Shelly revealed the right coin. He looked accusingly at his partner, and the other Drake shrugged.
“Another round! Damn it—”
Maksie’s brows shot up.
“I’ve never seen an Antinium gambling. What’s the problem?”
“That Antinium does it every night. It’s not…they seem to enjoy it, but that Antinium wins almost every game.”
Maksie blinked at the other Squad Leaders. But that Worker was letting other [Soldiers] do the game. And they were cheating; some were honest, but most cheated.
“Wait, he wins?”
One of the Sentry Leaders growled. The Gnoll shook her head.
“Yep. And guess what he does with it?”
As Shelly’s winnings piled up, he took a handful of copper coins and approached one of the [Soldiers] chewing on half their ration. Maksie watched as way too many coins traded hands for the half-ration, but Shelly and two other Antinium, a Soldier and another Worker, gathered around and gobbled it down.
The Shell Gang. The most hated Antinium besides Kevin! Crusader 51 watched them. Food.
It was all about food. Most of the bad Antinium had found a way to get more. Maksie figured out what they were doing after two more shell games. She rolled her eyes.
“Oh, Ancestors. You morons.”
The Squad Leaders looked at her. She pointed out how Shelly was doing it. The Antinium was watching the moving shells. But even when the Drakes tried to trick him? Even when they slipped a coin out or even hid it behind their backs?
Shelly 2 and Shelly 3 in the crowd were watching them. Their antennae waved energetically. Ironically, the honest player who moved too fast for all three Antinium to spot was the one likeliest to win.
“That bastard!”
The Squad Leaders exclaimed. One went to break up the gathering, and Shellys 1-3 scurried away, abandoning their winnings. Maksie watched in satisfaction, but she had to admit—an Antinium conman was really funny.
The Worker was a [Cheater]. Crusader 51 stared daggers at Shelly as the Worker went to sit with his squad. He was clearly biding his time till the next group came by that didn’t figure it out. Well, Maksie often saw other squads. She could point it out to them and that was that.
 
——
 
Shelly lay on his back. [Spearmaster] Lulv lifted his spear and cursed.
“They’re bombarding their own lines again! Fall back! Fall back!”
Manus’ soldiers ran back as arrows rained down around them. One—just one—was dead. An arrow through the Drake’s earhole. Lulv bent down, frowning.
“The angle—”
He ducked an arrow and whirled.
“Sniper! We have a sniper! Find it!”
He ran off. The [Cheater] lay on his back. Dead. After a few seconds, one of the Antinium lying next to him sat up. 
A Soldier. Shelly 2. He was alive. He’d lain down after taking a glancing blow. He looked around. 
[Cheater]. He’d done it! He went to find Shelly 3 and Shelly 1. They had…had…
Shelly, the original, lay on his back, a bleeding green hole in his chest. Shelly 2 stood over him and saw Shelly 3 was dead, too, headless. 
So. They hadn’t learned how to [Cheat Death] yet. The Soldier stood there and then bent down. He placed two coins on each of the Antinium’s eyes and then lay back down. Curling up.
High overhead, Scout Leader Maksie looked down at another dead squad. Every single battle she saw it. She saw that Antinium lie back down, and that—
That rattled her.
 
——
 
