Interlude – Chocolate Alchemy
Page 10
“Let’s save the rest. We’ll have this much for chocolate milk—we can make at least a few gallons. And this much for the cake—four of them? It’s strong, so we don’t need much. Chocolate cookies will take this much—and I’ll need this much. I’m gonna cut them up into pieces. Can I get a bag, Lyonette? With a ribbon or something?”
The [Princess] frowned. All of Erin’s other uses for the chocolate were fine, but she narrowed her eyes as Erin looked around for a suitable container for a good amount of chocolate she’d chopped up—enough to fill a hand-sized bag to the brim.
“Who’re you giving it to? The Halfseekers? Relc? The Antinium? They can pay for it, Erin.”
“Nope. I’m not giving it to any of them. It’s a bribe.”
Lyonette paused. Her expression cleared and she pointed.
“Oh, well then. Here you are. Let me know if you need more.”
Erin Solstice paused as she took the bag. Sometimes she wondered about Lyonette’s values and how she was teaching Mrsha about the world. But then—Mrsha’s other teachers included Bird, and Numbtongue. Erin was the sane, guiding influence.
It was hard being the responsible parent, sometimes.
 
—-
 
“Halt! You’re not authorized to come through at this time! Identify yourself!”
“Hey! I own this door! Don’t tell me I can’t come through! You know who I am!”
“Hands in the air! Don’t move! What’s in that bag?”
“Chocolate! Hey! Hey, that’s a br—that’s a gift! It’s food! Not poo! Eat one, go on! Don’t give me that look! And don’t you dare throw me in jail! I’ve been there! It sucks!”
The checkpoint that now held the door from Pallass to Liscor had gotten a lot harder to bluster through these days. There was no Guardsman Kel that Erin could walk past. Instead, there was a gate, [Guards] who got really mad if you came through unannounced, and other levels of security.
Even so, Erin got through with her new magic catchphrase.
“Chocolate. You take. Chocolate. Chocolate.”
Each time a [Guard] protested, she reminded them they knew who she was, she wasn’t bringing Bird in the little sack of treats, and she gave them a bit of chocolate and told them she was selling it at the inn tonight.
It worked. Erin fought her way out of the checkpoint and realized it was still on the eighth floor. Only, it was located closer to the Watch House on the floor, and Pallass had repurposed a building to act as the new containment for the inn.
“Huh. Wow. They cleaned this place up.”
Erin stared about the city. It was indeed restored to how she remembered it, before the Wyvern attack. She looked around. People were walking about—it seemed like Pallass had gotten back to normal.
Well, aside from that very large poster tacked onto a wall. Erin stared at it. Noass and Sir Relz grinned down at the pedestrians.
 
Presenting Noass and Sir Relz! Pallass’ [Commentators]! Have an issue worthy of worldwide discussion? Write in now! Now accepting applications for assistant positions and other staffing opportunities! Inquire on the 3rd Floor!
 
“…Noass.”
Erin chuckled to herself. But the poster made her vaguely uneasy for various reasons. What she objected to was how proud people seemed to be of it, and the two [Commentators]. Erin still remembered them commentating over the moth attack.
But she wasn’t here to bribe them. No, Erin had loftier goals. So she stopped the first person she saw on the street, a Drake.
“Excuse me, can you tell me where I can find an [Alchemist]? Saliss of Lights?”
