Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 6
The chair he abandoned. This time, the Hobgoblin wandered downstairs and came up with some bits of wood. Quickly, he fashioned together a crude box. It was small—the size of two hands. But when it was sufficiently box-like, it took on Erin’s Skill.
“Aha. See?”
Numbtongue put the hand-sized crossbow and some iron-tipped bolts inside. Then he closed the lid. It appeared to be impossibly small. And if you weren’t careful—unnoticeable. The Hobgoblin winked at Mrsha and she grinned.
“Now, where do we put it?”
They walked downstairs and investigated. Mrsha wanted to install the tiny box under a table, so you could pull out a crossbow and go boom, like those ‘Cow Boys’ that Erin had told her about. But Numbtongue was more practical.
“Everyone sits at tables. Better to put it here.”
He placed it right next to the windowsill, next to one of the flower planters. Erin had moved the Faerie Flowers to her garden to prevent thieves, but she’d liked the flowers so much that she had some lovely scented red ones there. The crude box was innocuous.  Mrsha grinned. She saw Numbtongue lean against the windowsill, check the room, and slowly slide the box open. He grinned at her with his teeth and she gave him the same smile. The Hobgoblin leaned down and muttered in her ear.
“Now just have to hide the acid-jars. Maybe small vials in chair legs? Or just shiv?”
 
—-
 
Mrsha was just done hiding the acid jars in secret spots in the inn with Numbtongue—they’d decided not table legs given how often they got smashed—when they heard Palt calling for Erin.
The Centaur didn’t like stairs. He could do them—but with difficulty. Lyonette was working on a special ramp between floors in the new parts of the inn. But it wasn’t done yet.
“I have a spell from the Silver Swords! It’s urgent! They’ve uh—they say they’ve found Ryoka Griffin?”
“What?”
Erin came clattering down the stairs. Mrsha’s ears perked up. She saw Erin, with Palt’s help, using the communication spell. Even Mrsha couldn’t hear the other side of the conversation, but she heard Erin’s side.
“Ryoka? But why—I—uh oh. Uh oh. Falene…um, no, listen. Listen—wait, you got her? When you say…tied up? What happened? She did w—no! No, she already came back here! Yes! A few days ago! I forgot to tell you! Uh…um…is that Ryoka in the background? Listen—no, I’m so sorry. But listen—”
All was well. Mrsha relaxed. And the guests of the inn started coming in as Erin began apologizing profusely.
The first was the two strangers with hats. A rather stylish Gnoll and a Drake. Mrsha liked them. They were always polite. They tipped their hats to Lyonette, they spoke funny, and the Gnoll gave her some snacks.
“I say, Ratici. That was a bit of a scrap yesterday. I feel somewhat embarrassed to tell the truth. We nearly failed our contract.”
“How were we to know, Wilovan? But we were stuck in Invrisil. Perhaps we should stay here?”
“Some thought on that, Ratici. The Tall Man’s paying well. Too well to pursue our—other activities. I say we devote more effort to this.”
“Agreed, agreed.”
The two sighed. Then the Drake did a double-take as he stared at one of the windows. His eyes narrowed; they flicked to a beam on the ceiling, the kitchen, and then he looked all around. Wilovan patiently cut a pork chop in half.
“Something the matter, Ratici?”
“…The inn’s different. I’m seeing multiple holding areas, Wilovan. Either this [Innkeeper]’s leveled up or an [Enchanter] went insane. And someone’s already created multiple stashes.”
“Anything good inside?”
“Hand crossbow, knife, jars of…something.”
“Sensible precautions. Pass the salt?”
