Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 26
If only he had fliers! Olesm saw the order go out and one of his specialist squads move in. [Hunters] from Liscor, experts with the bow…the cliff-[Archers] fell back as one took an arrow and fell—Olesm looked away with a grimace.
It wasn’t bad so far. He couldn’t detect anyone intercepting their messages, nor was this a full army in the pass, clearly.
But Ancestors, they had it in for the Antinium! Or maybe just Dekass’ battalion? No sooner had the infantry pulled back again than Olesm heard Maksie shout.
“Commander! I just saw a magic flare high up! All stop! All stop!”
“All troops, halt and watch for collapses!”
Olesm shouted. This time he heard the distant thump and crumbling groan of rocks collapsing. He whirled, ran out of his tent, and saw dust rising from above the ridgeline.
“Where was that?”
“Antinium got it. Looks like…Battalion 3!”
Maksie reported in, breathless, flying over the collapsed passage. Olesm’s stomach churned. He’d thought they hadn’t had time to do that!
“Was that a prepared spell?”
“Nope. Looks like they put a [Mage], Commander. I’m watching three—and two are puking their guts out. They’ve overdosed on mana to pull that. Want me to try and take a shot?”
Olesm hesitated. He dearly wanted to, but Maksie was one of his only fliers.
“No…no. If there are any of your [Scouts] up there, or [Archers] on the ground with an angle, have them take down those [Mages].”
“Yes, sir.”
Olesm turned back to Battalion 3. He tried to raise Dekass.
“Dekass? Prognugator Dekass, status?”
Silence. Olesm heard Tersk snapping into the stone.
“…assault on Battalion 2. They are engaged with a Drake force which has flanked them in Battalion 3’s absence. Battalions 1 and 4 are pulling back to support them.”
“Wing Commander, get to the fighting. Maksie, watch for more [Mages].”
“Two dead. Last one is surrendering.”
“Make sure they don’t cast a spell. Wing Commander?”
“On it. Three minutes.”
Olesm stared at the map as a [Tactician] fumbled to try and put the little painted pieces in an order showing what was happening. He heard Bepol speak up nervously.
“Commander, I’m looking at more forces headed my way. Not armored, but a lot of them.”
Olesm’s head snapped up.
“In that case, pull your riders forwards and prepare for a charge with your infantry. Your discretion, Bepol, but prepare one volley with all your [Archers]. Give me a mark and three countdown.”
The Division Leader paused, but his tone was suddenly exceptionally relieved. He knew what Olesm was doing, but the [Strategist] didn’t say it out loud—just in case they were being monitored.
“They’re raising shields.”
“Aim up—then straight ahead. Ready?”
“Ready in…”
Bepol was giving orders. Olesm heard him exhorting the [Archers], then the Drake spoke.
“Three…two…one…now! Volley!”
Olesm heard the snap of bows and gave it another second, then he shouted.
“[Instantaneous Barrage]!”
He didn’t get to see the second volley of arrows appear and hit Hectval’s forces, but Bepol’s tone said it all.
“That got them! Charge! [Victor’s Push]!”
He was good on the attack. Olesm switched back to Tersk as the Prognugator began speaking rapidly.
“Coordinated attack. 4th Company arriving. Commander, Drisshia in retreat. Battalion 2 engaged. Battalion 3 engaged. Pincer on three sides. Enemy falling back. Surrendering.”
Olesm snatched up the speaking stone.
“What was that?”
Then he heard a crackle from Dekass.
“Prognugator Dekass. Communications restored? Commander, Drisshia forces are retreating or have surrendered. Orders to engage?”
“We can wrap them.”
