Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 45
It had first arrived as a simple little thing. A neatly shuttered contraption made of wood, carefully filled to the brim with as much fuel as possible.
Mere tinder. It was there to keep the spark burning. The fire glowing.
She looked down and saw Glory. That fleeting, bright pink flame, like the very essence of the feeling it contained. Something that would never last would come to [Soldiers] and the brave and linger in memory.
Bright. The lantern burned as the squad holding it gathered around.
But it had not remained as a lantern. It had caught fire. Perhaps Ishkr had packed it with too much fuel. Or perhaps—the Gnoll had known it would ignite.
It covered the Soldier who held it. And it was burning on more than just the lanterns. The Workers and Soldiers had tossed everything onto the blaze.
Now, it burned amidst the Antinium, and more squads looked at it. Artur approached, flag waving.
He did not, as Embria thought, lower it and set his flag on fire. That would be a waste of a good flag. However, the Worker looked at her.
“Squads. You will charge with me. Formation.”
Antinium were gathering around. And as Embria watched—she saw them lifting their blades.
A Soldier dipped his spear’s head into the fire, and it clung to the tip. A trio of Soldiers placed their blades into the fire, and they burned with Glory.
“Wing Commander Embria?”
4th Company was moving. The Drake looked down. The Worker helping hold the burning brazier aloft stared at her.
Offering it to…
“Oh, Ancestor’s tits.”
Wing Commander Embria raised her spear. She looked at it, as 6th and 9th Companies began to sortie. She knew her own command was watching her. Perhaps Xith and Narkr didn’t see—but Embria would never deny this moment.
She lowered her spear, and a Soldier raised a hatchet laid into the fire. The Antinium raising their blade touched it to hers. Just for a moment. Embria looked around as a company burning with magical flames looked at her. She raised her spear into the sky—then whirled her mount.
Artur charged. And 4th Company rode into Manus’ lines. Following a Drake whose spear burned with pink fire.
Did it do anything? Perhaps not. Glory wasn’t much of an effective weapon. But she held it. The Antinium following Artur raced into battle carrying the dream of every [Soldier]. Fighting, the flames flickering on their blades.
Burning out. Fading.
So brilliant before they died.
Embria raised her spear, fighting to reach Lulv. The Gnoll deflected her first strike, and second. He whirled his spear, taking her on, running her through the leg, slashing one of Yellow Splatters’ hands off.
He would not fall. And she did not have the skill to bring him down alone. Yet still—
The [Spear of Glory] fought, her class burning bright.
 
——
 
Manus was slowing down. Lulv looked right and left. It was more than Liscor’s companies coming to their defense. He sensed it.
The Antinium had too many levels.
A [Crusader] raised his [Reinforced Shield]. [Battering Charge]. He slammed into a Drake, angling his sword. [Quick Stab]!
Three Skills? Those weren’t even all of them! A squad was holding down one of Manus’, refusing to give ground.
Who? Who was responsible for this? Lulv looked around and saw a Drake sitting on a horse. He howled, pointing at the high-level Antinium [Crusader] forcing some of his people back.
“Mark that target!”
The shield-bearing Antinium went down. But another stepped up. And then—it happened.
 
——
 
At last. Olesm held the Kaalblade in his claw, but he had seen how you died.
He had been forced to watch. Feed the Antinium to Manus.
