Interlude – Chess and Ships
Page 1
Erin had won the game of Go. That was on the second board. She was, in fact, playing on both magical boards at once. The ghostly pieces shimmered as she rearranged them and smiled.
Her opponent was good. Very good. But Erin had experience, the theories of her world to draw upon, and, most of all, a passion for the board games. She improved, studying new theories, and playing Belgrade, Anand, or Olesm.
Even Bird; he had memorized every single chess opening she knew of. He wasn’t just quirky, but scarily good at recreating immortal games piece-for-piece when he wanted to. Which meant of course that he could instantly recall a counter to a move if he saw it on the board.
But Erin’s mysterious opponent was the best player of all. Erin was still the better player by a bit, but her impression was that while playing against each other had risen both of their skill levels, her opponent was growing faster.
It was a bit of an infuriating, happy feeling. Because Erin wanted to be the best. And yet—what good was it being alone at the top?
Erin Solstice paused as she cleared the boards. Both boards of chess and go. It was fun, playing two different games at once. She paused, with her hands on a few of the go stones, and then she began placing them on the board.
 
gg!
 
It was a message, written in go stones. A bit hard to read, but Erin and her opponent had both learned to visualize the letters. And—yes. The reply came back in moments, spelled out in go stones.
 
gd victry
 
The spelling was atrocious, and the words shorthand, much like texting because both players had to laboriously spell out each word on the board, sometimes with both chessboard and go board. Erin was a lot faster at it than her opponent; stuff like ‘gg’, short for ‘good game’ was intuitive to her, from online chess chat rooms. Her opponent?
No. But they were talking. Erin went on, spelling out a message. They’d begun playing at the set time, without chatting—she sort of wished she had a chat bar she could type in.
 
hy! hw r u tday?
 
A pause. Erin tried to imagine her opponent, who was often meticulous and careful in their plays—and would capitalize on a mistake with ruthless aggression—pondering their reply.
 
nt bd. u?
slw dy. hw abt gm chss? spd? 5-sc?
 
Erin had to erase her sentences one by one and respell them, but it really was getting intuitive. Instantly, the reply came.
 
ys.
 
In the nuance as Erin understood it, she had vouchsafed a brief question as to her opponent’s wellbeing, and he had replied with a positive but bland affirmative. Then she had stated it was a ‘slow day’, and offered to play a game of chess. Namely, speed-chess, with 5 seconds per move.
And her opponent had said yes. So that is what they did. Erin reset her board, took the white pieces, and began with the Dutch Attack, or Bird’s Opening. Bird, the Worker, did love it so.
The game was fast and aggressive. Erin wasn’t a huge fan of speed chess; she didn’t like the speed and how you could get caught up in the rhythm. But she’d begun practicing it because Belgrade, Anand, and Bird could smash Erin one game out of four in it. Not because they were at her level yet; but because they had sharp, sharp analytical skills under pressure.
And her opponent was no worse. The chess pieces moved fast as Erin and her opponent did the chess-equivalent of beating each other with hammers. In the end, Erin threw up her hands.
“Damn!”
