Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 29
Detective Relc had uncovered the cookie-case all on his own, though. His investigation had revealed Mrsha had only stolen one cookie—after Bird walked off with half the jar to make bird bait. He’d also found the pickle jar.
Anyways, he uncovered Tesy being Sellme the [Painter] by accident. Although only Relc could have figured it out…
 
—-
 
It was a monster attack that Relc was called to solve. And by ‘called’, it was ‘called out of bed’ by the scream for a [Guard].
Monster attacks were rare. Cellidel was not Liscor, and had a record of monster swarms attacking it every eight years at most. Stray Wyverns, roaming hostile monsters, all of that took place outside the city, mainly.
However, a monster always appeared, even in Walled Cities. In this case? It was one of the nasty types, not a sewer-monster grown to unnatural size.
They were called ‘Cericel’ in general. But you appended ‘Stalker’, or ‘Warrior’, or so on depending on how they grew.
The best way to describe one was to take a Ghoul, or other stringy, tough monster, and imagine they were living, feral things that travelled in packs. They were just smart enough to use weapons, but they preferred their claws. They had two longer arms and were humanoid…ish. They squatted a lot, but could jump ten feet into the air. Clawed feet.
What made them unique were their mouths. No mouth full of teeth; they had a sucker-type mouth and weird tendril-tongues. They drained victims, their scaly-exteriors sloughing off as they shed and grew.
But for Crelers, they might be one of the more dreaded nesting-type monsters around. The really bad variants grew wings or got big. They moved sluggishly under daylight and like the wind by night.
Typically, when this pack attacked, they went right over the walls and rampaged into the city. The Watch was already sounding the alarm, but they were chasing the rapid-moving predators that were trying to kill and run. They ran right into the apartment complex where Relc was sleeping; a bunch of helpless food only barred behind cheap wooden doors.
The Cericel Stalkers were tearing into wooden doors as terrified civilians screamed and tried to fend them off with self-defense weapons that did little against the Silver-rank monsters—each one Silver-ranked as a threat.
They were on the lower floors, going up, but some had climbed higher and one was on the fourth floor, tearing into a room with a few children inside and no adults.
One recoiled as a cheap training spear jabbed it in the chest, but Vok hadn’t attached a tip and he didn’t have Relc’s short spear. It backed up, snarling, and then tensed to leap through the shattered door.
Relc grabbed the monster by the tail. The Cericel Stalker whirled, fast as could be—and screamed as he tossed it over the balcony in one motion.
They could jump, but they didn’t bounce. Relc tossed his spare short spear at Vok and snapped.
“Get into another room and barricade the door!”
The Gnoll fumbled; missed grabbing the spear and had to pick it up. Relc didn’t see. He was already charging down the corridor. He slammed into another Stalker and hit it so hard both crashed into a room with two screaming Drakes. The monster opened its weird mouth, uttering a warbling scream; Relc punched it in the face and then speared it.
The Cericel realized something was hunting them as the second body fell from the 4th floor. They went up, flanking whatever was attacking their kind. They heard a voice coming down the stairs as four bounded up, ready to pounce and slash from all sides.
“[Lightning Sprint]! [Pierce Thrust]!”
