Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 4
“Are you mad, man? Why do you think you only got the barest code-signs we were coming? This is secret. Do you know how hard it was to smuggle Itorin’s Pride all this way? We had to use illusions! This is beyond top-secret. But mark me. If I pull this off, his Majesty has assured me personally that he will make me a [Great General] of Ailendamus. And if I reach that position—I’ll be calling for you to become [High Admiral]. How’s that sound, Dakelos, eh?”
He pulled the other man into a one-armed hug. The [Admiral] grinned in disbelief.
“That would be—excellent! Gener—I mean, Yerzhen.”
“Exactly! Now, the Lord of the Dance is going to probably put up a fuss for the show of it, but he’ll pull back his ships once we clash a few times. That’s the politics of it—he’s going to pretend he gave up. So we’ll discuss how we want to orchestrate the thing. I think a few salvos of [Fireball] spells…but then we’ll have to rush my [Soldiers] to disembark, got it?”
“Of course….”
“Not to worry, man! The hard part is mine, keeping the [Soldiers] hidden. You have the easy part, shepherding us here and just play-fighting. Here—let’s grab a drink while we discuss landing points and such. I had a location—here?”
He pointed to the map as he investigated the cabinet with expensive liquors. Before Dakelos knew it, the [Admiral] was seated and the [General] was pouring him a drink. He tried to refuse, but Yerzhen insisted.
“Come on, man! Nothing like a drink to steady the nerves. We’ll toast to Ailendamus! May it conquer all of Terandria—no! the world! And to his Majesty’s health!”
You had to drink to that. Nervously, Dakelos did. Just a sip. His crew wouldn’t notice…
 
—-
 
The [General] emerged from the cabin with a somewhat intoxicated Admiral Dakelos an hour later. Plans all set. Together, they gave a speech to the crew, informing them of the sudden plans. It was of course—riotous, but the [General] strode up and down the decks, stumbling a bit, but roaring his intent to break the Dawn Concordat in a single, stealthy strike.
Itorin’s Pride was filled with cheering [Soldiers], even the stern-faced Order of the Thirsting Veil, saluting the sky. The rest of the navy took heart from it and sailed at full-speed, the [Fleet Mages] pouring all the wind they could into the sails.
They reached Nadel’s waters in record time after only nine hours, thanks to the currents and high morale. Admiral Dakelos was there as he saw, in the distance, patrolling ships react like they’d been struck at the sight of an Ailendamus fleet bearing down on them.
Nadel was not that far east of Calanfer. Somewhere near the middle of Terandria’s southern coastline, it was a safe-zone where no fleet save the Lord of the Dance’s was welcome. It allowed safe trade and it had fought off any number of navies.
On any other day Dakelos wouldn’t have put even a foot over the invisible borders of Nadel, but today he was drunk on courage, dreams of glory and promotion—and just drunk. General Yerzhen chuckled.
“See them spooking off? Probably screaming the alarm. I bet you the Lord of the Dance didn’t even tell them. Makes it authentic.”
“Er—of course, Yerzhen. What do we do? Start throwing [Fireballs]?”
They had a routine all set up. The [General] winked.
“I say we begin with a speech. I’ll give you the honors, shall I?”
“If you like.”
