Interlude – Meetings and Friendships
Page 8
Now, instead of a transformation scene, Numbtongue created…
A pickaxe. It was half-transparent. The colors were like Pyrite’s favorite pickaxe—just transparent. A weapon from the soul’s past.
“Hm.”
Numbtongue wasn’t channeling Pyrite. The hobgoblin experimentally swung the pickaxe. It dug into the ground. It was as good as a regular pickaxe. And it lasted…
Three minutes. Then it blinked out. Numbtongue sighed.
“Can’t replace normal pickaxe. Good for fighting, though.”
He was experimenting with his new Skills. He could also call Pyrite’s battleaxe into life—but it had no enchantment.
Mundane armaments. Even so, Numbtongue wasn’t about to look down at a free battleaxe. He liked the free Skills. And his other new Skill was quite fun.
[Directional Sound]. The Hobgoblin took out his enchanted guitar. Hedault had enchanted it so it could go loud. The Hobgoblin wailed on it, and the guitar solo screamed. Kevin covered his ears.
“Oh god I can’t hear anything.”
“I can’t hear a thing. Awesome. Hey Lyonette! Now Numbtongue won’t wake anyone up!”
Erin gave Numbtongue a thumbs-up. She was standing to Kevin’s left; the only people who could hear Numbtongue were in a narrow cone. Kevin hurried out of the way—Mrsha poked her head in and out, excited.
“Directional sound. Bird, grab Mrsha.”
The Goblin had already found a utility for it. He spoke normally, but only Bird heard. He obligingly walked over and sneak-grabbed Mrsha. Numbtongue grinned. Now that was how you used it in combat! Imagine shouting orders only a few people could hear?
Well, that was the excitement for the day. Numbtongue shouldered his guitar. The crew dispersed.
“I’m going to Pallass. Everyone wants to check out the skateboard and I’m going to see if we can make some without needing Hedault and Pelt. See you guys!”
Kevin left, rubbing his ears. Lyonette sighed.
“And I have to talk to Ferris about the possibility of a deal—but he really wants you as an ambassador, Erin.”
“Pass! I’m gonna make billiards. I think the table I ordered is almost done.”
Everyone looked at Erin. She waved her hands.
“No one’s gonna die! It’s just a game! I’ll show you later if I can find felt! Maybe I can grow a moss? Nah, nah…but maybe.”
That left Mrsha, Numbtongue, and Bird. Mrsha sighed through her nose. No Ekirra or Visma today. Ekirra had football practice with Joseph and Visma was sick with a summer cold. Well, it wasn’t as bad as before. She had two big minders who liked to play games!
 
Let’s play tag!
 
She held up a card. Numbtongue took it, thought about it, and held up a claw. He glanced around in a way the other two had gotten to know. And the third co-conspirator of the Bee Rescue Team buzzed down. Bird was the new recruit.
Numbtongue glanced around.
“I have a better idea. Found a good spot. Outside. Let’s go fishing.”
Mrsha looked up excitedly. She ran for the fishing poles. Bird tilted his head.
“Fishing?”
 
—-
 
The garden had a pond, but the Fortress Beavers made fishing harder since they tended to eat the fish or get tangled in your hooks. Numbtongue had enjoyed fishing for a little while before the Beavers had been added. Now, he’d found another spot.
The Hobgoblin prepared for the trip by first finding Ishkr. The Gnoll was showing a new hire the ropes. The Drake jumped when he saw Numbtongue, but the Gnoll just looked up.
“Numbtongue. What is it?”
“Ishkr. Going on trip. Have the door set to my stone by default, please.”
“It will be done.”
