Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 5
Boldly, the [Admiral] swaggered up to the front of the decks. In the distance, Nadel was a dot. But the harbors would already be boiling with the Lord of the Dance’s ships, as planned for the staged attack. His fleet would attack, and the Lord of the Dance would ‘fight’ for a few rounds before retreating.
“Admiral! The Lord of the Dance himself is setting out towards us with Nadel’s entire fleet!”
An hour later, the panicked, but excited shout came up the command deck. Dakelos felt a twinge of fear as he saw the huge fleet—dwarfing his own—but Yerzhen just tapped the side of his huge nose.
“Here we go. Just as planned. I’ll tell the Pride to begin moving for the shoreline. They need to do the most work.”
“Of course. And my speech—where are the notes?”
“Here.”
The [General] offered the inky notes to him. Admiral Dakelos focused on them and began to shout through a voice-amplifying spell as the enemy fleet came close.
“Attention, ships of Nadel! By order of His Majesty, King Itorin II, I demand you give us passage to the harbor! Ailendamus will not be stopped by any nation in this world! If you do not move your ships, we will immediately attack!”
Fiery words. He and Yerzhen had laughed over them an hour ago. They felt…wrong to say aloud, but Dakelos was shaking with excitement. He heard an answering voice a moment later.
The Lord of the Dance.
“Nadel bows to no other nation. I am Lord Belchaus Meron. If you advance further, we will destroy your fleet.”
The Admiral…sobered a bit. That was a terrifying threat. The Lord of the Dance himself was crewing his flagship and they could outmaneuver and out-fight his smaller fleet. He turned to the [General], but Yerzhen bellowed.
“All part of the act! Send the [Fireballs]!”
The Admiral nodded. He croaked around a lump in his throat and felt the wrongness—but he was too far gone.
“—[Mages]! Throw [Fireballs] at the flagship! Aim to miss!”
The [Mages] did. Dozens of [Fireballs] blasted across the gap between the closing navies. Dakelos saw them go wide, or explode too early. But Nadel’s navy reacted as if a hive had been struck.
“They’re closing! Starboard side! Dead gods—”
A shout from the side. Admiral Dakelos turned his head just in time to see Lord Bel’s flagship shoot forwards. It slammed into The Wrath of Sel, a twin of Dakelos’ own warship. The Lord of the Dance didn’t waste time on an engagement at a distance. He leapt aboard the ship, holding a sword, and his retinue followed. Dakelos saw him landing in front of the surprised [Captain].
“That’s a bit much for an act, don’t you think, General—?”
Lord Belchaus beheaded the man. Then he stepped across the deck, as if he was on a dance floor, and killed the [First Mate]. His crew followed, moving in graceful patterns, but deadly as could be.
The blood ran onto the decks as Ailendamus’ navy slowly stopped and stared. But more ships were crashing into theirs, boarding—
“General! I don’t think the Lord of the Dance is acting! General?”
Admiral Dakelos whirled. But the [General] was gone. Yerzhen, that bear of a man, was missing. And—
“Admiral! The Itorin’s Pride has vanished!”
“What?”
The [Admiral] rushed to the railing. But it was true. The giant warship, that had sailed through the waters, making noise, crewed by thousands—had even toasted to them and called jests for nine hours—was gone.
