Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 70
She had done none of it for him. He was…just here. A side note—it was always Azam, that the Death of Chains had come for. Pisces didn’t care. He was grateful. He saw the Djinni’s eyes fix on him. The Death of Chains dipped her head, and her words filled the air.
“Go, Pisces Jealnet. Never let yourself be chained again!”
Then—she shot into the air. She laughed, a huge laugh, as the wounded Djinni and the glorious rainbow shot across the skies.
And all across Chandrar, from Merreid to Roshal, they looked up. All those who feared her return. The Naga, the Traders of Roshal quaked. For their only true foe had returned. And all those of her kind looked up and rejoiced.
“Sister, you live! Hope remains! Free us. Free us all.”
Karsaeu screamed from distant Izril, the Djinni terrifying the passengers of the Unmarked Carriage. [Slaves] and the Djinni slaves alike looked up and remembered the stories. The rainbow, a sign of hope.
Let all those who held chains tremble.
 
—-
 
Cawe had died. If only Czautha had been a second earlier, but she was a miracle he had not looked for. The only one he had ever seen on Chandrar.
“This damned continent feels worse than Terandria.”
“It’s not all evil. Just them.”
Bearig held Rophir. The half-Elf stared after the rainbow, wonder the only expression on his face. Pisces looked at the [Cook].
“You can still say that after all this?”
The Stitch-man shrugged, painfully.
“It is all I know. And you have seen the worst. Far and away the worst. What—what will happen now? The Death of Chains liberated us, but we are alone. And they know we are [Slaves].”
Some had been marked like Pisces. Others were simply on the roster, subject to any [Detect Truth] spell. Pisces shook his head.
He ignored the remains of Astotha, Shein, Droppe. He knew why they had done what they did, but the Death of Chains had no pity for them. He looked at the others.
Qshom, awkwardly holding a weeping Merr. The [Bandit Lady] looked up, and all [Slaves] wept. They were free. Eloque stood over the remains of Igheriz, almost confused.
“It was so easy. Why was it so easy?”
Pisces had no answers for her. He only knew…he looked down at his rapier. His bag of holding. He slowly fastened the objects to his belt, and hesitated over the spell tome. He didn’t pick it up. Not yet.
“First, wait here. I have something to do.”
The other [Slaves] milling about looked at him. Pisces turned.
 
—-
 
Everyone had forgotten him.
Hrome had fled and Azam had forgotten all about him. The Death of Chains had not killed him. Nor the other [Slavers] who had fled.
Pisces had not forgotten. Hrome jerked from side to side, staring. The [Guards] who had joined him were screaming.
[Slavers] slashing at the air, aiming spells and bows at—the air. The air slaughtered them.
A red rapier coated in blood appeared for a second—a bolt of black magic made one of the others collapse, dead.
“Pisces! Pisces!”
The [Necromancer] appeared as the last of the [Guards] died. He had killed them in bare minutes, as gloriously superior as Hrome had seen him on the scrying orb. The man fell to his knees as Pisces walked towards him, bloody rapier at his side.
“I—I was asked to free you, you know. I could not, not with the Djinni! I admired you, Pisces. That thing, the Death of Chains—was it her?”
“That’s all you have to say?”
Pisces looked down at him. Hrome spread his hands.
“Pisces. I never so much as raised a hand against you, did I? I spoke for you, did what I could! I was your admirer! You know this!”
The [Necromancer] eyed Hrome. He lowered his rapier.
“All of this is true.”
