Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 37
Wil was stunned. He stared at Foliana. What had she done? She’d erased—frantically, he tried to recall his life’s details. And then today’s events. He remembered it all! At least, he thought he did. He remembered this morning, his lesson, even going to the Professor’s office with Umina. And the conversation about Niers’ past. But the question—
The young man went pale. He couldn’t remember! He could remember asking the Professor his question, remember the Titan walking back and forth, Wil’s own reactions and emotions, but the answer? It eluded him! Wil stared at Foliana. She was eating his message to his father!
“Lady Foliana! What did you do?”
“Hm. Erase your memory. Wasn’t it obvious?”
The Squirrel Beastkin [Rogue] looked at Wil. He was shaking.
“That was my answer to the Professor’s question! Why did—was it too great a secret? Why did you take it from me?”
His mind was a jumble. Was it something she had done herself? Her decision, overriding Niers’? Or—paranoia gripped Wil. Was this how the Titan safeguarded his secrets?
Foliana swallowed the rest of the paper. She looked at Wil as he tensed, aware she could kill him without any effort. She reached into her pocket—she was wearing clothing. Rather nice clothing, but all in dark grey. She pulled out a piece of paper, folded four times, and handed it to Wil.
“Mm. Here. Read this. It will explain.”
Then she turned and walked out of his room. Wil stared at Foliana’s bushy tail as the Squirrel-woman opened the door, nearly gave Venaz a heart-attack, and hopped off the balcony. Wil listened to Venaz shouting incoherently, and then at the bit of paper in his hands.
He felt a premonition. A stirring on his skin. His hands shook so hard he could barely unfold the paper. But then he looked at it.
It was a short missive. But it changed everything. Wil read it, rubbed at his eyes, and then read it again. In her room, Umina sat in silence, wondering, and the world changed for her. For Wil, it lit up. And he smiled and laughed.
 
Dear Wil,
A question asked on someone else’s behalf is no real question. Even one for family’s sake is a poor equal to the true desire I saw bursting out of you. If your father asks, you may direct his inquiries to me. 
As to your truest question, and your little discussion in your bar, I don’t actually know the location of the most infamous shipwrecks like the Laleday’s Triumph with the Mooncaller’s Quiver, for instance. Even I would spare no effort to grab such an artifact. 
However, I am aware of a number of sea-based locations that the Forgotten Wing company have never been able to explore thanks to those damn Dullahans and their sea superiority. Each one is a credible shipwreck or site where I am convinced something of value lurks, but has never been explored due to depth or danger. See the attached list. 
 
Sincerely,
–Niers Astoragon
 
PS: Oh, and when you form a crew, try to pick a trustworthy [Captain], would you? [Storm Sailors] can be just as bad as [Pirates]. Also, try to be back with whichever classmates you take before the summer break ends.
 

