Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 4
The Gnoll with the spear raised it overhead and howled, and Vess saw Liscor’s entire army shudder. He felt nothing but a sense of excitement, pants-wetting terror, and the juddering of blood in his veins. The Alliance’s army charged down the hill. Big Yam was on one wing of the fighting off-left from the vanguard.
They entered the fray amid swirling black mist, which revealed foes and allies only when you got close. From then on?
It was like a dream. Vess followed Velden. The [Veteran] followed the [Sergeant], and Big Yam shouted at each other to stay together.
“Shain! Keep up! Vess, you with me?”
“Yes, Velden!”
“Sergeant! Sergeant?”
“Here! We’re over here!”
The Drakes of Big Yam jogged forwards and saw a Drake waving at them. The Drake looked relieved.
“Where’s Commander Olesm? What are the orders? The cloud just came over us!”
“I don’t know! Stick to the plan! Attack the…”
The Drake [Soldier] and Velden looked across the gap, and Velden’s teeth parted. The Drake, wearing an armor with an insignia that Vess didn’t recognize, recoiled into her comrades. Both groups realized they were the enemy at the same time.
“Attack!”
Velden roared as the Drake raised her voice.
“The enemy’s here! Attack! A—”
Vess didn’t think. He raised his wand, triggered the spell, and the [Light Arrow] went through her mouth. The Drake toppled over, and he looked at the wand in his hand.
I killed her. The arrow spell was weak, but it cut deep even at his level. He looked at the wand, then Velden grabbed him.
“Fight!”
Vess raised his wand and…fought.
 
——
 
A struggling pair of Drakes, grappling over a spear. A Gnoll hacking at an opponent, not realizing the enemy was leaning on him, already dead, sword grasped in a dead man’s grip. A charging Drake, running onto a spear thrust from the side, never seeing it.
Vess fired a [Light Arrow] into the head of the Drake fighting with Velden, then turned. The wand blasted another arrow into a Drake’s armor, and the enemy barely flinched. It was a weak spell.
“Faces or skin! Big Yam! With me! With me!”
Velden whirled his halberd, and Big Yam fell in. They clung together in the fighting, advancing slowly, meeting the enemy in the chaos.
Twice, they nearly attacked the Alliance’s own. However, Hectval was more coordinated, and Liscor was falling back. In truth, Vess fought only three times.
The first, panicked encounter. Second? When a group of Gnolls and Humans ran into them, fought for one second, then fled backwards, shouting to regroup. Big Yam had taken no casualties so far, thanks to potions.
The first casualty was Shain. Someone realized he was gone. Velden backed them up—the [Sergeant] had never returned—and they found him lying on the ground.
An arrow was through his neck. Vess looked down at Shain.
“He didn’t raise his shield.”
“It wouldn’t have mattered. It went through the back of his neck. Was that friendly fire? Damn them. Shields up!”
Velden cursed. Vess raised his shield—and they ran into the Antinium.
Just four of them. Big Yam saw them marching through the mists and froze. The Antinium were staring around. They didn’t see Big Yam until Vess blasted one in the face. The Antinium didn’t fall—but Velden stabbed it in the legs, and another [Soldier] stabbed it repeatedly in the head.
It was a short fight, and two of Big Yam went down screaming as an Antinium shot a crossbow through one of their legs, and another slashed too fast to block. But they were outnumbered, and armor or not, it was four against one.
“That was [Quick Slash].”
