Interlude – Embria
Page 0

(The Wandering Inn is on break until July 13th! 15th for public readers. The author must rest. See you then!)
 
Wing Commander Embria Grasstongue of Liscor got up like she normally did. For a minute, a good, nice, long minute she lay in bed as the dawn’s rays began tickling the scales on her face. Her crimson scales, as vibrantly red as could be, reflected the light, creating a small nimbus of color on the far wall of her room. Embria admired it. Then she raised her voice.
“4th Company, assemble!”
The shout went straight through the thin walls of Embria’s private quarters. She heard a thud from the room over, a groan, and more distant sounds still. The Wing Commander swung herself out of bed and reached for her folded clothes and armor. Then she checked herself and just took the clothes.
A minute later, Embria pushed out of her room. The Drakes and Gnolls in the officer’s quarters were still dressing. They looked up as Embria strode into the room.
“Inspection, then morning training. Hop to it.”
The two [Captains], five [Lieutenants], and eight [Sergeants] in the room groaned. Embria ignored them and headed straight for the main barracks that housed the regular [Soldiers]. It was larger, but not by much; the officers weren’t outnumbered by much when it came to the regular soldiers.
The first [Sergeants] followed her as the sleepy [Soldiers] rolled out of their bunks. Those who’d slept through Embria’s call and their fellows warning them to wake up got up as the [Sergeant] rolled them out of their mattresses onto the floor.
The thumps and curses were a backdrop to Embria’s voice. The Wing Commander bellowed into the barracks that the 4th Company of Liscor’s army was using in Liscor.
“Wake up, ladies! What are you complaining about? We’re waking up at dawn, not before! This is the height of luxury. Now, present your gear and so help me, anyone who isn’t ready for a scrap I will feed to Captain Vell for breakfast! Stand to attention!”
The [Soldiers] did. The [Sergeants] and [Lieutenants] proceeded down the bunks, checking gear and calling the Drakes and Gnolls out. The Drakes and Gnolls of Liscor’s regular army stood straight, wincing only when some aspect of their preparations was called out.
They were, as Embria had indicated, all female. The Wing Commander gave the female wing of the barracks five minutes of her presence, and then marched over to the male half, where the officers were already doing the same process.
“That’s enough. Captain Wikir, take the squads out and have them practice. Anyone with punishment detail will take it out of their vacation time. The rest of you, to the practice grounds on the double!”
Embria jogged out of the barracks, followed by her 4th Company. She ignored the muttered jokes and groans coming behind her; her men and women, none of whom were in fact actually Human, were right on her tail. And in the early morning, all ninety seven of Liscor’s 4th Company was running down the streets of Liscor.
They were headed to the sparring grounds. Usually they’d do it right outside their camps, but since they were quartered in Liscor, the 4th Company had arranged to use the Adventurer’s Guild’s large practice area. Embria didn’t expect to find many people there this early.
And indeed, only a few private citizens were there. They let the 4th Company form sparring sets and occupy eighty percent of the courts. Embria grabbed a practice spear and went through her morning routine alone. She barely thought about it until she came to sparring with one of her [Captains].
