Interlude – Bird
Page 3
But Bird seemed alright. Strange as a shaved Gnoll, and half as sane, but for a two year old, she thought he was doing well. Armed with that knowledge, Bevussa smiled more comfortably at Bird.
“Okay, so you like birds. You enjoy hunting them?”
And like that Bevussa opened the floodgates. Bird sat up, his multi-faceted eyes shining.
“Yes. very much. I shoot birds all day. All night too. I have a new bow that my Queen gave me, and it is very strong. I have shot many birds with it, only I can only shoot them in Celum because there are not many birds in the rain. I have been hoping to see water birds which must surely exist, but I have not seen any yet. I think they may be invisible, and Belgrade tells me they do not exist, but then Pawn came over and said they may exist, and Erin said they might as well so I am still looking for them. Have you seen water birds?”
“Water birds? Do you mean…flying fish? Or—or swimming birds?”
Bird stared at Bevussa.
“There are fish that fly?”
“Yes?”
At this stage Bevussa wasn’t sure of anything in life. She sat back as Bird tried to describe what the elusive, and, Bevussa realized, probably imaginary, water birds looked like. She shook her head.
“I’ve never seen a bird made out of water. It sounds like something a [Mage] would summon.”
“Oh. Do you think I could find one to summon one for me?”
“To do what, exactly?”
Bird looked blankly at Bevussa.
“Shoot it of course. And then eat it.”
“That’s all you want to do?”
“Yes. I like shooting birds. And eating them.”
“But you call yourself Bird.”
“Yes.”
“And you…like birds?”
“Yes. They are my favorite things. I like all birds.”
“Then why—no, wait, I’ve done this before. Okay. You like birds. Hey, I like birds too. Except for the aggressive types.”
“Aggressive types?”
Bird sat up. Erin screamed as a keg rolled over her foot. Both Bird and Bevussa looked over, but since it wasn’t anything serious they turned back to the conversation. Bevussa waved a taloned hand, relieved to be on firmer ground. Or rather, in clearer skies as the Garuda would say.
“Oh yeah. There are tons of angry birds in the sky. I guess Liscor doesn’t have many aggressive birds, huh? Oh wait—you do have Razorbeaks, don’t you?”
“Yes. Erin calls them Dino Birds. They are very big and sit in the grass.”
“I bet they do. And they love to swarm wounded animals and people. Nasty things, but not too deadly if you’ve got any kind of armor. But other birds…hm, no, I guess you would be okay up here. Now, around Pallass we’ve got some nasty fliers.”
“Ooh, like what?”
Bird leaned forwards. Bevussa ticked off species on her talons.
“Aside from the regular birds—that is to say, the ones that don’t have a taste for meat or can’t shoot lightning? Well, southern Izril has Wyverns, those are the big ones everyone knows about. Are they birds? Well, they’re death in the air. One drops on you and you’re dead. But I can see a Wyvern from miles away and they can’t maneuver at all. No, if I’m in the air I’m watching out for Vaas Beils.”
“What are they? Are they birds?”
“I mean, if you want to be charitable, yeah. They’re these large freaks with two sets of beaks—and teeth—that hunt out of clouds. Now, you’d think they’re divers from how big they are, but they’re not. Instead they scream with both beaks. It’s awful. It messes with your sense of direction and then they’re on top of you.”
“Ooh. What do they taste like?”
Bevussa paused.
“I’ve never checked. I tend to stab them and let them drop. But I have tasted the other bird I have to fight a lot. Starlings.”
“Starlings? What powers do they have?”
Bevussa laughed
