Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 8
“Mydre, my friend—it is a grand thing you offer. But then it would not be a fierce, solitary animal, but a possession. And I do not care for that. Nor would he be mine. For I do not know how to tame animals. People I know, but I will let that beast go in peace.”
Thus cheered, he returned to his palace and held a banquet the rest of the day, in the best of spirits. And true to his word, the Emir owned no great, striped cats, no exotic birds, not even hunting dogs or a menagerie like some of Roshal’s [Slave Lords]. He owned only people, and called them his great treasures.
 
—-
 
Fetohep of Khelt arose from his throne. His servants, thus alarmed, flocked to him, but asked nothing. Merely followed, waiting for his will.
“I shall walk my city today.”
The undead ruler’s words caused a stir—his appearance as he descended the long, long steps from his palace, even more so.
It was rare for Fetohep to walk in his city, for all Khelt was a city of marvels. Each building, as Trey Atwood had once seen, artistic. They had all the time in the world to make their city beautiful. And in this true utopia, the citizens wanted for nothing. They could eat and drink and sleep away their entire lives and some did, or devote themselves to art, a passion.
Fetohep asked nothing of them save they obey his laws. If one left, they might never return. But who would leave?
Some did. Fetohep was reminded of the family of Khelt, who had left and contracted the Yellow Rivers disease. He turned to one of the servants.
“The family of six—have they recovered from the disease?”
“Yes, Majesty. Shall they present themselves to you?”
“Good. And no.”
The servant bowed and Fetohep thought no more of it. He knew the family; they were not unique. The father had dreamed of adventure and lands beyond Khelt and thus left, despite knowing he might not return. The mother and children had followed.
They had begged his forgiveness and aid less than three years later. Fetohep would not have taken them in, save for the fact that the children, all four of them, had not been old enough to choose.
Thus, he had paid for [Pirates] to raid the ships bearing the cure and deliver it to Khelt for one family. The rest he had kept in case the disease came across the borders, although he had locked them down the instant he had heard of it.
All for six of Khelt’s own. Which was right and proper.
As he walked the streets, Fetohep reflected that this had shaped Khelt. Many of the people were heavier than any other nation. After all; they could eat however much they wanted.
Food was free. No one looked ill, or tired. There were no laws about when they must work, and no corporations.
Housing was free. If they craved drink; wine, bourbon, even that horrible Firebreath Whiskey?
…Not free. Those had to be paid for. Khelt did have an economy, insofar as the actually valuable goods needed some exchange of goods or coin. However, you could receive food from Khelt’s fields, meat from the flocks, and you would never starve. Your home would always have bedding and water and light and basic furniture. Just nothing else unless you worked for it.
Previous rulers had done this because they had observed the one true weakness of Khelt. And that was that without anything to do, many would find a passion, or enjoy themselves.
Some would turn to corruption. Hedonism being the first step. But then darker desires and activities would begin to appear. It was one of the reasons Khelt kept no slaves. It was a poor thing and bred poor practices.
