Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 23
“Damned bandits! This is what comes of taking the direct route! We pass too close to Savere and the Siren respects not even Roshal! Something must be done, Hrome. We must join forces or hire more guards. Azam cannot be everywhere!”
It was Savere, the lawless country run by a [Bandit Queen] that had launched the attack. Not formally; it was one group among many, but Igheriz was worried.
Pisces wondered who had hired the [Bandits]. Perhaps a certain someone after the auction had failed? If so, more attacks might be coming. This one had been too close already; they had been going for the [Slave]’s tents to free them, Pisces had learned.
But for Azam.
It was then that Hrome and Igheriz began casting a wider net for support. Roshal protected its own—for a fee. However, it was easier to look for allies in the area. They found it in a third caravan, the largest and wealthiest by far.
“Do you know this [Slave Master]? The Emir?”
Igheriz was dubious as the joined caravan went to meet the third. There would be no danger if they joined three groups into one, or so he hoped. Hrome shook his head, frowning.
“Not personally. Riqre’ma Medaale is—unpredictable. They say he has lands not far from here. But it would be best to treat him with all respect, Igheriz.”
“He’s unpredictable?”
Pisces stared at Igheriz. The [Slave Master] was insanity personified to Pisces. Yet somehow, the adventurer had yet to see the worst. He saw Igheriz check the sky and curse.
“We will not reach this Riqre’ma today. Tomorrow, perhaps. Yes, it might be well. Today—it has been tiring on all of us. This attack, the pace. But given that it is three days after Cinaelu…”
He glanced around and raised his voice significantly. The [Guards] had been frayed with nerves ever since the raid and losing eight of their number. They glanced up, and looked excited. Hrome nodded.
“You think we should stop now?”
“Yes. Of course! Let us make camp early. Then—Leciaun!”
Igheriz clapped his hands. Pisces heard a low moan run through the [Slaves]. Cawe had frozen. Bearig looked pale and sick.
“What is Leciaun? That’s not a Chandrarian holiday.”
Pisces knew all the major ones, or so he thought. He heard no answer from Cawe. Bearig’s face turned towards Pisces, struggling to come up with a reply. It was Droppe who answered.
“It’s not one. Roshal created it after Cinaelu, long ago, but only they truly celebrate it. Especially in the caravans. It’s…to ensure obedience.”
Pisces’ head slowly turned. He did not like the way Droppe was telling him this. He did not like…what he guessed was meant.
“What is Leciaun, Droppe?”
The [Broker] glanced at him.
“You can’t guess? A day for the [Guards] to do what they want. The ones who have done the best. Everyone is fair game—everyone but the [Slaves] most favored by Igheriz and Hrome. The [Guards] can’t permanently damage anything. But beyond that they’re free to do…anything.”
Pisces sensed Cawe shuddering. He looked around, and once again noticed—to almost exclusion, Hrome and Igheriz employed almost all men. If there were female [Slave Traders], and there surely were, they operated differently.
This? The [Slaves] were herded into camp. They were untethered, and then the [Guards] looked at them, separated them.
And Leciaun began.
 
—-
 
Pisces heard a sound as terrible as when Gewilena had died. He was untouched. He sat, in Igheriz’s personal tent.
The [Slave Master] did not partake in Leciaun. Why would he? He owned everyone here, so that day was every day to him. He drank as Eloque poured him wine.
“Do you know why I called you here, Pisces?”
