Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 14
They did not like him. So Olesm had Calruz teach a few classes, made sure Embria and her 4th Company took what lessons they could, and put him with the one group who wouldn’t complain.
Antinium.
 
——
 
They were a curious lot. Calruz had to admit, he had never known Antinium well. He had known Pawn and a few others, but he had never interacted with them closely.
Let alone seriously considered how they fought with four arms, much less how to improve them. He learned what The Crimson Soldier already knew within the first day of watching and training them.
Antinium couldn’t coordinate all four arms perfectly. At least—it was like someone who picked up a sword and shield trying to use them for the first time, only multiplied.
Everyone thought they would become a swordmaster within a moment of holding a sword. That they could just copy what they saw. They could not, and Calruz saw the same problem with the Antinium’s four arms.
They got in the way. They were, in fact, cumbersome, especially if an Antinium tried to chop, block, or reach for something and tangled two arms together. So Calruz improvised.
“You will move two arms together! Left side! Right side! Stab with your left! Block with your right! On my mark, stab! Block! Stab! Block!”
He had them in lines, performing a basic stab with a dagger and spear in their left hands, and a shield or even two shields in the others. The Antinium moved in sync with one another, learning how to alternate arms.
In theory, they could use all four arms independently, but Calruz was more worried about making them functional in combat. So he strode along their ranks, eying them as they stabbed, blocked, and progressed into a set of attacks. Even if they moved either side of their bodies in tandem, an Antinium could stab high and low at the same time. Terrifying for a regular [Soldier].
However, the Minotaur realized something else and began picking out Soldiers one-by-one. Strange. He hadn’t realized this earlier, though it was obvious now he saw them together. The moment he had seen Pawn, it should have been obvious. It threw the idea of ‘the Black Tide’ into the gutter.
The Antinium were not all equally talented. Some…were gifted.
 
 
 
 
Crusader 51, [Crusader]
 
He wasn’t sure why the Minotaur made him stand away from the rest of his squad and three thousand practicing Antinium. Had he done something wrong?
If he had, the trembling, mace-carrying Soldier had also done something wrong, as had two of the Worker-archers and a [Crusader] with a shield and sword, like Crusader 51.
By now, Crusader 51 knew the names of Squad 5. Each Soldier in the group was Crusaders 50 to 59.
The one carrying the mace was Crusader 53. Calruz, the Minotaur with one arm, stopped in front of their group and spoke.
“All of you are different from your peers. You…do not have the same awkwardness, or you have some quality I have identified. It may not be customary among the Antinium to do this, but I have selected you for training. Do you understand?”
Silence. The [Crusaders] looked at Calruz, and he exhaled slowly.
“I will take that as affirmation. You—Worker. What is your n—”
He hesitated. Calruz had been told not to ask an Antinium’s name, but the Worker volunteered it.
“I am Archer B12. I am a [Crusader]. [Archer]. Archer B12, Squad 1, Battalion 4.”
Like Crusader 51, he knew who he was. Calruz grunted.
“You speak as if you are one of at least twelve.”
The Worker hesitated, unsure of what to say. He replied slowly.
