Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 0

Selys, [Heiress]
 
Two and a quarter months since the army marched upon Hectval, the city felt different. A month was a long time. A year was a long time.
To Selys, it felt like it had flashed by in some senses. Dragged on after Erin’s death. But the war…
Liscor was changing. Not a day went by when she didn’t hear of some new enterprise like Liscor Hunted, or receive news from her friends across the world. The Meeting of Tribes, the King of Destruction not dying, Wistram, Ailendamus versus the Dawn Concordat…those were worldwide events. Everyone watched the news and learned, well, to stop worrying.
It had seemed, when the television news stories first came out, that when a war happened or a battle was broadcast, it was going on right next to you. Then you realized—it was Chandrar or Terandria. You’d never go there, most likely, and the repercussions were abstract.
At the same time, you got invested. In a very real sense, as Drassi put it—the audience of television learned how to be an audience.
Compared to that, some things were close to home. And that was Liscor’s war with Hectval. Not the army. The army had left their home. Compared to that, Hectval was a real threat. One that Liscorians felt more than a vague animosity towards.
However, time changed how people felt. The first shock of casualties coming in, hearing rumors of the carnage on the front…Selys had heard howling every time someone brought the casualty lists. She had seen people gathered around the [Criers], and later seen the lists appended to boards in the plaza because no [City Crier] wanted to deliver the news themselves.
She still saw it two months in, but the war had taken a different kind of space in people’s heads. These days she heard people arguing about it.
“Enlist? Are you mad? Do you want to end up with one less leg? Mom’ll hit you if you even say it.”
A pair of brother and sister Drakes were arguing fiercely. Selys turned her head as Drassi slurped Imani’s next incarnation of boba tea. The two friends listened in. The younger brother, perhaps eighteen, looked adamant.
“There’s a signing bonus. I’m not Antinium. I’ll survive and level up and then become a Bronze-rank.”
“A Bronze-rank? I’m telling Mother. You’re cracked in the head. You want to go into the dungeon? That’s suicide unless you’re Silver—no, Gold-rank. You’d be safer in the army!”
“Aha! So you admit signing up as a [Soldier] is safer.”
The younger brother looked victorious, as if he’d scored a profound victory in their debate. His older sister stepped on his tail. Unlike Humans and Gnolls, who learned how to pinch ears, the yelping Drake’s weak spot was his tail.
“You’re not doing it. If you really want levels, go sign up as an adventurer or [Guard]! Even Celum would be safer. I’m not waiting around one of the announcement boards to see your name on a list. Those poor Ants—what happens when they stop fighting?”
Those poor Ants. Selys watched the younger brother keep arguing as he backed away from the stompy boots threatening his tail. You’d have never, never heard that a year ago. Maybe ‘poor Senior Guardsman Klbkch’ in context with ‘did you hear what that idiot Relc just did?’, but never that.
Drassi commented out of the corner of her mouth as the two siblings left.
“I hear it’s going better. I think. Hectval is moving back.”
“Hm? When did you hear that?”
Selys looked up and saw her childhood friend, Drassi, finally stop sucking fruit-boba up a straw. Instantly, Drassi began talking, and the absence of sound had been an irregularity in Drassi-world.
