Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 33
It was funny. For all Lyonette called them ‘lawless rulebreakers’, it was clear that they regarded this as Mrsha’s domain. They were respectful to her, listened when she wanted to say something, and treated her like an equal. Mrsha liked it.
“What you must know of us, Mrsha, is that we occupy many roles. It is not just people and pets that concern us. In fact, it is seldom them for most of us. Nalthaliarstrelous is an exception. We must battle monsters, disease, starvation, fire, even animal species themselves.”
Shassa went on with the explanation. She lifted her staff, and showed Mrsha the tip. To Mrsha’s horror, she saw it actually had a small nest of tiny purple spiders. They scurried out as Mrsha backed away. Shassa laughed.
“Don’t worry, they’re friendly! Nor would I let them infest this place.”
She lifted her staff and they disappeared into the web. The [Druid] gestured about.
“Our job is balance. Not protection. For instance, I am a [Spiderweb Druid]. But when Shield Spiders bred over their limits and began eating everything in the Kask region—I exterminated them with my fellow [Druids], adventurers, and military. Because it was necessary. In the same way, unnatural things, like undead, some monsters, are also our enemies.”
“Crelers. We exterminate them.”
Nalthaliarstrelous was blunt. The Drake shuddered. So did Mrsha. But it was an important distinction to make so the Human took over.
“Few things we loathe, Mrsha. The Bloodfields are a type of nature. However changed. Not nature I would allow to persist outside of its zone, but nature nonetheless. Crelers destroy everything. Even rabbits would destroy Creler eggs rather than let them exist. What [Druids] deem enemies, we battle. We are warriors.”
Shassa touched her chest.
“Caretakers.”
“Arbiters.”
The Human [Druid] bent down. He touched the ground.
“You and Shassa wonder why I worked with Magnolia Reinhart? The Antinium are our enemies, little one. When they came, they eradicated everything around their Hives. We fought them.”
His eyes flickered. Mrsha felt his cold resolve. He had fought them. Buried them, drowned them, torn them apart during both wars…
Indignantly, the Gnoll [Druid] stood up on her two legs. No! The two [Druids] recoiled. Mrsha punched Nalthaliarstrelous’s leg. Not Pawn! Not Garry! Not Belgrade or anyone here! She’d beat them up first, she’d—
Nalthaliarstrelous picked her up. Lyonette jumped to her feet.
“Hey!”
The [Druid] ignored her. He let Mrsha swing wildly in the air.
“Stop that. Explain. The Antinium have always been one Hive. Explain, little one.”
Mrsha hesitated. She thought—and both [Druid]’s eyes widened. Mrsha imagined Garry, feeding her scraps, Belgrade, learning to play chess—
Pawn, praying for the dead. Was that evil?
“…No.”
Slowly, Nalthaliarstrelous lowered Mrsha to the ground. He blinked. Shassa turned pale.
“I cannot believe it. The Antinium are one thing.”
“Clearly not. Listen to the young [Druid], Shassa.”
“But she’s a ch—”
Smack. Nalthaliarstrelous bopped the Drake so fast Mrsha didn’t see it. The Drake clutched at her head and squatted down. Lyonette hesitated as Mrsha excitedly nodded. Nalthaliarstrelous scowled at Shassa.
“Do you deny the truth? Look! Listen! If she says the Antinium are not one thing, they are not!”
He turned to Mrsha.
“If they are not all the same, we will treat them as such. But this is a revelation. The other wild walkers must know. Now I regret helping Reinhart.”
His face was troubled. But as he bent low to look at her, the man’s face broke into a huge smile behind his beard.
