Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 1
…But it was wrong to say that it was only now beginning. In truth, some tribes had been heading towards the meeting, making the long trek months ago. Krshia Silverfang was going with a small group, fast as she could, to catch up with Silverfangs from Liscor and the bulk of her tribe.
The door to Pallass meant she’d skip 400 miles past the Bloodfields—which had allowed her the luxury of waiting. Normally, she would have been gone three months prior, as one of the furthest Gnolls to travel to the Meeting of Tribes aside from those off-continent.
And the entire tribe that had adopted Inkar was moving. As their female Chieftain, Eska, explained, some tribes would send representatives.
“Not so for the Longstalker’s Fang tribe, no. We have too much to steal. [Raiders] might attack us for our herds if I left with too many, especially our [Shaman], Inkarr.”
Inkar nodded. She felt compelled to remind Eska.
“Inkar. Not Inkarr.”
Eska’s teeth flashed.
“But Inkarr is a Gnoll name! And you are part of our tribe, Inkar.”
She did her best. But the Gnolls really did treat her like one of their own. The young woman from Kazakhstan ducked her head. It was a high honor. But she had come to the Longstalker’s Fangs by chance—great magic as their [Shaman] believed—and they had welcomed her with generosity and warmth.
Inkar, the [Weaver]. Then—Inkar the [Cook]. Inkar the [Dyer]? Inkar the [Herder]. Hold on—
After she’d gained her sixth class, the mysterious voice in her head seemed to have given up. It had awarded her with a new class instead of just the [Inventor] class she’d gotten.
So, they called her by her class. [Worldly Traveller]. Inkar the Traveller, perhaps closest the voice had come to ‘jack of all trades’.
It suited the young woman. And indeed—it helped on the long march they’d made from the northeast towards the central, vast southern plains of Izril.
She was used to it. She had been able to adapt to the Longstalker’s way of life with amazing ease.
Despite the fact that they resembled giant, furry people and that there were Skills, levels, and magic in this world as well as monsters. The truth of it was—Inkar’s home had many parallels with the Gnolls.
Their mobile tents, for instance, that they set up? Yurts. Different in design, almost identical in conception. Inkar had grown up outside of the cities—she had family who had lived like the Gnolls.
She could ride a horse. She could speak English—which for some unknown reason was the common tongue.
She had hardly struggled to fit in. And indeed—Eska gave her an affectionate pat on the arm.
“You will be our tribe’s great news at the Meeting of Tribes, Inkar. If others of your kind are not found already. If any came to the tribes—they will be there.”
She meant, of course, other people from Earth like Inkar. The young woman had told the Chieftain most of how she’d arrived within the first month of stumbling out of the wilderness, half-starved, her dead smartphone cannibalized for the electrical charge she’d used to start fires to keep the predators at bay at night.
“Will there be danger? If your tribe is worried about raids—”
Eska laughed and pointed. Beyond her, herds of pink sheep plodded past some cows ambling in their own lane. Goats, a flock of very nasty chickens which were worse than guard dogs if you tried to attack them, and even some rabbits, were being shepherded by hundreds of Gnolls on the move. Some were on foot; most had horses, or other beasts of burden.
