Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 29
“Goblins don’t make threats. Run.”
He let go and the man ran. Numbtongue looked around the street. Amazingly, no Humans had died in the fight. Some were dying, thanks to the blood leaving their body from the stumps of their arms and hands, but no one was dead. Yet. There was a remarkable amount of screaming. Numbtongue wandered back to the shop. Yellow Splatters looked up at Numbtongue as the Hobgoblin walked over.
“Potion.”
“Who—oh, dead gods!”
Octavia poked her head out of the shop. She ran back inside and grabbed a bottle, threw it at Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin caught it, opened it vaguely, and drank.
“Thanks.”
He looked down and saw a dozen injuries on his body closing. It occurred to him he might have been close to dying of blood-loss. Looking at Yellow Splatters, the Hobgoblin saw the Soldier was in better shape. Well, sort of. Yellow Splatters had been burned and it looked like something had melted through his right shoulder’s armor. He was healing too; the cuts hadn’t gone through his carapace and it was mostly cracked. The Soldier looked at Numbtongue.
“I called you back to the shop. You did not hear me.”
“Sorry. I got a sword.”
The Hobgoblin pointed vaguely at the iron sword laying in the street. The Soldier nodded.
“So I saw. You were impressive with it. A [Bard] is dangerous.”
“Not me. It was—”
The Hobgoblin wavered. He turned his head. Belatedly, nearly fifteen minutes after the fight had begun, he heard a shrill whistle and the marching of boots. Dozens of [Guardsmen] flooded the street, covered in chainmail and leather armor, shields raised, clearly apprehensive. They stopped in horror when they saw the bodies and the Antinium and Hobgoblin.
“Dead gods, it’s a massacre!”
One of the women cried out in horror. A flurry of [Guardsmen] aimed at Yellow Splatters and Numbtongue.
“Don’t move!”
One of the men with a plumed helmet screamed at Numbtongue and Yellow Splatters. The Antinium and Goblin looked at each other. Neither one moved.
It didn’t seem to reassure the [Guards]. They advanced slowly, screaming at the two. One of them took a look at some of the Humans lying on the ground clutching at their limbs and called for healing potions.
“A-arrest the two of them—”
The [Guardsman] with the helmet began uncertainly. Another one stared at Numbtongue and swore.
“Hell to that! Shoot them!”
The arrows tensed as the bowstrings drew back. The Watch Captain inhaled, and Numbtongue, seeing Yellow Splatters tense, reached for his belt. He said one word.
“Stop.”
No one did. They never did. The arrows aimed at Numbtongue and the Watch Captain roared.
“Don’t shoot! Don’t shoot! There’s an Antinium and by the Five Families, if there’s war—”
He froze as Numbtongue pulled a scroll out of his belt pouch. The Goblin unfurled it, muttering to himself, and tossed it at the Watch Captain. A bow twanged; an arrow flew and Numbtongue ducked under it. He straightened, and the [Archer] went white as the Hobgoblin glared at him. Then Numbtongue turned to the Watch Captain.
“Read it.”
He waited, arms folded as the Watch Captain shakily picked up the parchment and read it, keeping one eye on Numbtongue. Then he blinked, did a double-take, and began to read again. He looked up.
“That’s impossible.”
The Hobgoblin grinned toothily at him. He raised his voice so all the Humans on the street could hear.
“My name is Numbtongue. A member of the Redfang Goblins. I am a Bronze-rank adventurer. The Humans threatened me and attacked. I defended myself.”
The Humans stared at Numbtongue for a long second. Someone breathed out.
“Bullshit.”
Numbtongue shrugged.
