Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 19
He spoke with pride for the talent that had gone into each piece, confident that their worth would remain wherever they went, and a mind towards the needs of the nation he had dedicated his life for. In that way, when dignitaries came to the House of Minos, it was often Prince Khedal they mistook for the King of Minotaurs, an archetype of honor, duty, and war.
The King of Minotaurs listened to Khedal’s speech and saw Lareqol nodding. She coughed and spoke with a slight whisper behind her voice, a straining of her lungs. Inreza nodded to a vase passing below them.
“…We also sell our art because they make quite a lot of money, Lareqol. And we have limited storage space in our islands.”
Khedal faltered as the prince turned to his mother.
“Do we not do it for the reasons…?”
He glanced at Khedal, and Inreza shrugged.
“They are all excellent reasons Khedal speaks. But ask yourself—why do we actually maintain this tradition? Have we found reasons to explain the tradition when more…pragmatic ones suffice?”
“I see the honor in the actions, my King.”
Khedal protested uneasily. Inreza smiled.
“And I can see your point, Khedal. If there is honor to be found, good. But not everything need be honorable. I try not to look for honor everywhere.”
And that was the difference between the two. Rather than object, Khedal just bowed instantly.
“Your wisdom is always something I strive for, my King.”
“You needn’t do that. Just listen, and if I make sense, adopt what fits.”
Inreza looked amused and resigned, but then Khedal proffered the letter.
“I apologize for interrupting, my King, Prince Lareqol. But I have this letter, and I deemed it worthy of your immediate concern. It is an affair of honor for one of the Beriad.”
Inreza raised her brows as she took the letter. She read, and her eyes focused slightly.
“I see.”
The letter, written in small words and as neatly as possible—if slightly nibbled on one corner—read as follows:
 
To the King of Minotaurs,
I am writing to you regarding the judgment of Calruz of Hammerad. He is to be sentenced to death under Minotaur law if found guilty, and as of writing, he is now under trial by (Venaz of Hammerad). 
It is my belief a sentence of death is wrong. I have observed Calruz of Hammerad as a close companion and see no monster. He is an [Honorbound Prisoner]. The facts any arbiter may hear are incomplete. Calruz was a prisoner of Liscor’s Dungeon, and I hope you will consider his sentence personally.
I am not at liberty to give my name, but I hope you will think of his honor; he has done many things, such as charging Crelers and fighting monsters, to redeem his actions. He is my friend, and I would not see him hurt any more. 
Sincerely, H. Please pardon the damage to the page. I have rat troubles.
 
Inreza turned the letter about and stared at it.
“I assume the original was nibbled upon. Whomever this is has not sent [Message] spells before. Where did it come from?”
“Liscor. I can trace the sender…”
Inreza’s eyes flicked over the letter once more. She peered at the odd handwriting.
“Neat. Precise. But an odd penmanship. See how each letter wobbles? I wonder why. They did not know it would be Venaz when they wrote that letter.”
“Venaz is in Liscor?”
Lareqol spoke with faint envy and interest. Inreza nodded.
“His journeys take him far abroad. This letter is odd, again.”
“Why?”
“It was written in the common script, not Drake. It has no forms of their address. I wonder who wrote it?”
Khedal had observed none of this, only the comments about honor.
“Should I send a reply? Or ask Venaz about the facts of the case?”
