Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 37
Shassa bit her tongue. Mrsha glowered. Yeah! Exclude from…what?
“A decision. Something grave affects this land. Worse than the dungeon.”
Nalthaliarstrelous stared across the Floodplains. He touched at his eyes. Mrsha saw them flicker. She sensed…something. Shassa bit her lip. And the [Druid] turned.
“To me…this place seems much worse than it has ever been. Mrsha du Marquin. Look and see.”
He turned to her. His brown, plain eyes deepened. Mrsha’s gaze was drawn into the black pupils. Something was in there. A…picture. She blinked—
And she was standing in the same place. Mrsha looked away from Nalthaliarstrelous. And froze.
She saw the Floodplains as they had been. The mountains were the same. But—the land was different.
Gone was Liscor! There was no tall walls! No city of stone! Just—water. Mrsha’s jaws dropped. She saw Nalthaliarstrelous pointing. Only he, Shassa, and she were left. Even the roof of the inn was gone.
“See through my eyes. What must have been here once.”
The [Druid] pointed. Through his Skill, Mrsha saw.
First—a vast lake. Oh! The Gnoll saw, in a flash, how this basin, the rains—it had been a lake! Of course! Only, at some point someone had pulled the plug and the waters drained. But before—she saw water everywhere, only a few points of shallow land. Vast things swam in the waters. Mrsha saw something far larger than a Lurkersnatch fish moving in the deeps. And then—
Then it was a swamp. Mushy, overgrown. But beautiful. Nalthaliarstrelous’ eyes reflected in their very depths a buzzing place full of wild creatures, large predators who lived in water and on the sparse areas of land. Lots of trees, growing wild. Not a fun place to live for people. But so full of life!
Mrsha saw Razorbeaks in the trees, amphibious reptiles—snapping, fighting with snakes—mammals were rare. She looked at Nalthaliarstrelous. Shassa was wide-eyed.
“[Memory of the Earth]. Nalthaliarstrelous, why—”
“And then came Drakes.”
The [Druid]’s voice was calm. Mrsha saw trees disappearing, the murky waters clearing. Someone was removing the trees! Harvesting them—to build settlements of wood. And the effect of the clearing was pronounced.
The waters drained. The marsh system turned into something familiar. Mud flats and a temporary lake by spring. And at other times—
No more trees were left. But that was not a bad thing. Just something new. Mrsha blinked, ran over a field of flowers.
What was this?
The Floodplains were dry. They filled and drained, but in the summers, they bloomed verdant. Mrsha saw Corusdeer herds, vast plains full of moles, rabbits, and other grazing animals like cows and sheep! Not all native to Liscor. It was a vast pastoral land! Albeit not flat.
Of course, predators roamed this place too. Foxes, wolves—Carn Wolves too, hunting, larger species such as Rock Crabs at the top of the hierarchy. But it was filled with wildlife. Mrsha smiled. She raced after a rabbit—
Nalthaliarstrelous caught her from going over the edge of the roof. Mrsha blinked. Suddenly, she was back in reality. The Floodplains looked almost like her vision. But something was wrong.
Where had all the animals gone? Mrsha blinked. The Floodplains now had butterflies, ordinary bees, birds, flying well clear of the inn—a few rodents. But not the abundance of before. Even the [Shepherds] and their herds were gone. Liscor was back, but…
“Oh. No, Nalthaliarstrelous—”
Shassa breathed. Mrsha glanced at her and then the Human [Druid]’s face. He looked…weary. Concerned.
“Do you see?”
He asked Mrsha. She did. Sort of.
