Interlude – Embria
Page 15
Relc complained. The [Trader] laughed.
“You’ve barely even unlocked half of the functions, yes? There’s a lot more you need to do to even come close. How about it? I can show you some more if you’d like. All equally hard or harder! There’s one that not even Wistram’s mages have figured out how to open yet. But I’m told that the creator swears on a truth spell that it’s doable!”
“Really?”
Relc’s eyes lit up. Then he glanced to one side at his daughter. She noticed his stare at last and looked up. The [Guardsman] hesitated, then shook his head.
“Eh. I’ll get one later. This is boring. It’s boring, right, kid? Let’s go somewhere else.”
He jerked a thumb down the street. Embria started.
“What? No. Go on, try your puzzle.”
“You’re not into them, though. I won’t take up your time.”
“No, it’s fine…why not get one? For your patrols, at least.”
Embria smiled, and it wasn’t too forced. Relc stared at her, and then turned back to the [Trader].
“Alright. I can’t afford whatever that stupid magic one is. How about a good, expert-level one? I can spend…”
A few minutes later he counted out some gold and silver into the [Trader]’s paw and walked away with three small puzzles, all mechanical and magic-less. Relc seemed happy, although Embria was mystified.
“You had to have spent at least a few day’s pay on that. Maybe a week’s! How much do Senior Guardsman earn per week?”
“Eh…enough. Look, I like these things.”
Relc answered evasively. He walked down the street and both he and Embria heard Drassi’s cheerful voice as she talked to the [Trader] with charms on display. Relc paused as he watched Drassi.
“You really don’t remember Drassi?”
He looked at Embria. She shrugged, embarrassed.
“I don’t. I wish I did, but all I remember is the voice, and not even that.”
“Really? You kids used to get into all kinds of trouble. I remember that. I can’t believe I didn’t…well, you weren’t here long. Hey. Why don’t you catch up with her at the inn? I could sit and watch a play or something.”
Surprised, Embria blinked up at her father. He shrugged in answer to the question in her eyes.
“You don’t have to hang out with me. If you’re busy. I know being a Wing Commander’s hard work, and you only get so many days off…”
And for a second she wavered. Embria stared at Drassi’s wagging tail, then at Relc’s smile. Her expression firmed and she shook her head.
“It’s fine. Did you have anywhere else you wanted to go? I didn’t have a plan for today.”
“Well…”
 
—-
 
The second stop they came to was a shop that smelled like animal. Because it was in fact, inhabited by animals. Lots of them. Embria pushed open the door, sneezed, and then saw a cat glaring at her from its window perch in the sun. The Gnoll running the counter shouted he’d be out from the back and a number of dogs barked. That set off the birds. And a sheep. Embria stared around, and then at Relc. He grinned.
“I thought about getting a pet, too. That’d be cool, right? I could get a big dog and have it run down [Thieves] while we’re on the job. One of the Senior Guardsman has an attack dog he’s allowed to take on patrols. He never has to run.”
“You want a dog.”
Embria eyed the animals wandering the floor. They were either all amazingly well-trained or the owner cleaned up after them. Relc nodded.
“It would be cool, right? Dogs run. I can run. Dogs like food. I like food. It’d be this thing. Anyways, I’m just checking them out. But if you get a good impression—hey! Elirr! It’s me!”
Relc waved at the Gnoll who came out of a tattered curtain in the back. The Gnoll froze when he saw Relc. Then he groaned.
