Interlude – Rufel
Page 11
He reached into his belt pouch, put a silver coin as a tip, and turned. Rufelt watched him go. He watched the Drake, but he didn’t watch what came next. Because he didn’t need to know. It was at his wife he looked. And she nodded.
“Young. Remember that?”
Rufelt did. Not in the same way, but in a similar, parallel one. A hundred times. He winced as the slap echoed and looked back. Which one had done that? Again, it didn’t matter.
“Well, what should we do about it, Lasica? Or is it fine as it is?”
“I don’t know. But I feel sorry for them. A bit lonely.”
“Lonely?”
Rufelt walked out behind the bar. He looked at the Drake and she glanced at him.
“Well, for them. Rufelt, I do think Erin’s inn is amazing. For her age—for what she’s made. But it’s missing something. I like to think our place is better.”
“Me too. But I don’t feel like rubbing it in her face.”
“Well, I’m not going to either. But sometimes we can show her what she’s missing. Can’t we?”
The inn was unaccountably quieting as the two talked at their position at the bar.
“Of course. Are you thinking…?”
Erin Solstice glanced up from her game of chess, frowning. Rufelt nodded, and then glanced towards the door to Pallass.
“Yes. But where would we find our lovely Dullahan [Cellist]?”
Lasica smiled. And the note that rose above the quiet conversations was played by a cello. But there was no player. Lasica raised her brows.
“We don’t need her.”
“No.”
The conversations stopped as the Drake took the Gnoll’s extended paw. And heads turned, back, looking for something that the people knew was there.
Forwards they came. A Gnoll and a Drake. A [Bartender] and a [Chef]. Lasica and Rufelt. And before them, people looked around and realized what was going on. The cello began to play and the tables moved back. Chairs scooted, moving, The Drake and Gnoll saw a space clearing in the inn. They walked out onto it. And then they began to dance. And it was as simple and as quick, as magical as that.
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice looked up. She felt the shift in the inn before the music began to play. But it was the music that made her realize what they’d done. It wasn’t melancholy. But nor was it jolly. It was simply…passionate. The kind of passion that invited the slow, intimate dance between the two. The kind of music that demanded nothing as complex as a waltz.
It was free-form, inviting, intoxicating in a way alcohol could never be. And it suited the two who danced with all to see.
She had seen it with Jelaqua and Maughin, holding hands, talking together, forgetting everyone else even when they were at the same table. It was the self-absorbed selfishness that young couples had. But what was so despised among youth hadn’t disappeared with age. It had only changed form. Now it was on display.
And it invited. It was not a wall, but path. Illumination, and it drew more and more people, like moths into the light. Couples first, and then people. Individuals, becoming duos. Erin looked around as the people in her inn looked at each other.
See. A nervous invitation, or a confident one. A surprise, or something long coming. A Drake bowing to a young Dullahan woman. A Gnoll turning down her suitors and plucking a Garuda from where he sat. Because he had been watching her out of the corner of his eye. Old and young.
And Lasica and Rufelt danced among it all. It wasn’t slow, the way they had danced in their bar. In fact, as the invisible cellist picked up, they moved faster, and the inn came alive. Erin heard laughter, but there was a silence between the two.
