Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 13
What intrigued her was not just the price. As she rode and numbers raced down the caravan, Eloque listened to the shouts.
“Four hundred thousand! Sing it to me, Hrome! We must drink, even when riding!”
Igheriz was in high spirits. He would visit her tonight, drink or not. Eloque stared out the flaps in the wagon, then turned her head.
“You don’t look impressed, Azam.”
A figure, like obsidian from Baleros’ volcanoes come to life, turned his head slowly. Azam, guardian and greatest slave of all, if not with the class.
He spoke to no one and nothing unless Igheriz ordered. He was silent, efficient, and often walked with her, next to the wagon with the greatest goods, a deterrent for [Raiders] or [Thieves]. Twice she had watched him crush a man’s head or throw magic. He was faster than they dreamed.
Yet he spoke to her of all the caravan. For she was not a guard, whom he no doubt detested, nor was she a transient [Slave]. He had not spoken to her for two entire years. Now?
…Well, she doubted he knew her name, but Igheriz’s attention seemed to instill the only pity Azam had ever shown anyone. So after a minute of walking, one eye slowly slid down and his mouth moved grudgingly.
“Should I be?”
“Is not five hundred thousand a sum beyond sums? Even you might be sold for a number close to that figure—and the price still rises!”
Eloque prodded Azam, wondering if she could stir him to anger or any emotion. She succeeded, but to her surprise, it was a smile that flashed across his face. His lips quirked, then his face went flat.
“It is a number. Should I respect another digit on the end? You nor I will never hold nor be able to use such a sum.”
This was true, but Eloque was still impressed by it. More than that…this was not the reason Azam stared at Pisces, then.
“Do you think it is too low, then? You sometimes stare at the adventurer.”
His eyes flicked to hers again and Eloque felt a shock as the power in him revealed itself. Azam frowned. He was displeased.
“We walk for days without end. There is little to stare at.”
Eloque rested her chin on the lip of the wagon and then winced as it jolted and her jaw clicked together. She rose, rubbing at the spot.
“Azam, are you avoiding the question?”
The Djinni looked at her, and then away. His eyes focused on Pisces, dismissively.
“His worth is due to fame. Not his power. Rather than that…this sum you make much of. All the numbers being shouted so loudly by our master—”
He nodded to Igheriz, still rapturously calling out. Azam glanced at Eloque and hesitated, but then lowered his voice slightly.
“—They are far too low, and directed upon the wrong target. The adventurer is worth far less than the book.”
Eloque’s eyes widened. She looked at Azam and realized. The Djinni was not staring at Pisces for interest in the man.
The book? What did Azam see with his power in the book?
Her curiosity grew still further, and Eloque resolved to talk to Pisces. Perhaps to gain the measure of a man worth half a million gold pieces.
 
—-
 
It was midday when the final announcement came. The hoarse [Mage] shouted, eyes bulging.
“Emira Se-Hexri has placed another fifty thousand gold on Pisces!”
Murmurs arose. Pisces looked up, scarcely believing it himself. He was now worth seven hundred and fifty eight thousand gold pieces.
“For that kind of money, you could buy a Named-rank adventurer! A cheap one, if they were on the market!”
Hrome was astounded. Igheriz was dancing, in the greatest of moods. It was down to two now.
