Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 18
But he also settled disputes, or rather, found solutions to problems. Or just told people when to shut up. And one of the biggest problems he had?
“Squad Leader Holls, you are relieved of duty in Belgrade’s division.”
The angry Drake and small cluster of protesting officers relaxed slightly. Olesm looked up as he pulled a roster out.
“Thank you for understanding, Commander. To whom am I reporting now?”
“That would be…I will place you under Squad Leader Joit.”
Holls’ face went slack for a moment.
“Joit? But I’m a Squad Leader. Sir?”
Olesm looked up. His stare wasn’t hostile; he had learned hostile meant they thought they had something on him. His was cold. Flat. Maviola had told him to do that.
Which was ironic, given that Maviola and cold or collected were oxymorons when put together, but the [Lady] of the House of El had taught Olesm that there was a time for fire and a time for authority, and while the two could mix…
Not now.
“You are relieved of command, Squad Leader Holls. If you cannot obey a superior officer and insist on protesting to the commander of your army, you will get your wish.”
The Drake went pale. He began to protest, and in Olesm’s experience, getting to protest was also something he didn’t have to deal with. Maviola had said…oh, what had she said?
“When I lay down orders for the House of El, do the [Lords] and [Ladies] protest? Surely they do! They always do, because they are [Lords] and [Ladies] and I am not better, simply the matriarch. What they learn is that they may protest anywhere but to my face, for I am—was—the law of El. I do not have to listen to them. So I do not.”
“You are dismissed, Holls.”
Wait for it. Please argue, please argue…
Holls did. He began to splutter, and Olesm cleared his throat. A pair of [Soldiers] from 4th Company appeared, and the Drake found himself unkindly picked up. Then tossed.
Olesm looked up at the rest of the officers who had come to support, but not join, Holls.
“If you would like to resign your commission, please let me know now or privately if you wish. This is an army, not a nursery. I expect you to obey orders. Dismissed.”
They left fast, and Olesm sat back, glaring at nothing. Belgrade hadn’t even done anything wrong, but some people had a problem with him.
More than I thought. Did Erin not show them…? No, the issue wasn’t that the Antinium were fighting. Even 4th Company seemed to be grudgingly at peace with the Antinium fighting alongside them in this war. Every hand needed and all that, and Antinium had four.
The problem was that Belgrade was in charge of them.
Olesm happened to know how good Belgrade was—not from chess alone, but simply from seeing him direct Antinium during Liscor’s all-too-frequent battles. He had heard from Pawn, Garry, and Bird how Belgrade had cut down the Free Antinium’s casualty rate by an unbelievable number.
Did that mean he was ready for pitched battles with soldiers outside of his species? Olesm hated the niggling thought in his head, but the officers’ doubts put it there.
 
——
 
During the practice simulations, Belgrade moved each piece of his command adeptly. He had his own command Skills, so even with all the shouting, individual groups could maneuver. The question was…
“How’d an Ant get so good at strategy?”
Division Leader Bepol couldn’t hide his clear unease, watching Belgrade outflank Ramia. The former [Guardswoman] knew small-unit tactics, and her face said how flabbergasted she was as two lines of [Soldiers] neatly folded up her advance from both sides.
