Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 14
The [Aegiscaster] smiled. She sat back in her seat.
“We failed when it came to getting Erin out of her inn. But I think that might be a good thing. Think about it, Beza. This inn has access to two major cities. That’s…a lot of influential people. And both are trade hubs.”
Beza slowly exhaled.
“Hm. You’re proposing…what? The same thing Beatrice and you did?”
“Well…we’re not exactly popular at Wistram. And I do know how it goes. It’s all about making connections. Introducing people to people. And we know the person with the magic door. Why don’t we just nip up to Erin, offer to greet Master Hedault and…?”
The Minotauress hmmed and leaned forwards. They had been largely aimless of late. But this was something she understood. Liked.
Neither one noticed the gaggle of Drakes and Gnolls coming in from Pallass. Many were wide-eyed. But here were…tourists.
One, with a smart cap, adjusted it and looked around, murmuring. Another, a Drake with a leafy staff stared around, blinking. A Gnoll with a bow on his back and travelling gear—a tribal Gnoll on whose fur was stamped a silver crescent—or fang—sniffed the air.
“Excuse me, Miss. Do you know where the owner of this inn, a, ah, ‘Erin Solstice’ is?”
The Gnoll with the cap strode up to the nearest person. That happened to be Lyonette, still a bit red-eyed, but back to work.
“Oh—Erin? I’m sorry, she’s personally occupied. But I can help you. Are you looking for a place to stay? Directions? We can transport you to other cities…”
The Gnoll gave Lyonette an abashed smile. Awkwardly, he fumbled for his belt.
“I’m sorry. I should have introduced myself—oh—”
He dropped the bit of paper and several coins. Lyonette bent to pick it up, but with flustered apologies, the Gnoll scrambled to pick it up. She felt bad for him, as, blushing, he stood upright.
“Sorry, sorry! Let me begin. I’m ah, sent here on behalf of my company. Izril’s Wonders. I’m not sure if you’ve heard of us…?”
Lyonette had to dash his hopeful look. The Gnoll sighed, despondent.
“What is it? Can I get you a drink?”
He was dusty, Lyonette realized. The Gnoll brightened.
“That’d be wonderful, Miss. I’m actually here on behalf of our group with an offer. You see, we’ve heard of this wondrous inn. And we’d love to expand our destinations. I’m forgetting myself again. You see, my company takes people to each Walled City. Shows them the sights.”
“Oh! How delightful! And you want to put Liscor on that list?”
“Well, Invrisil, in point of fact, Miss. We’d love to discuss the matter if we may.”
The [Princess] smiled. Her mind began racing at once.
“I don’t think Erin would have a problem with that. I’ll let her know as soon as possible. It might be a little bit, but she’s sure to be interested. Can I offer you something to eat and drink while you wait? What’s your name?”
The Gnoll slapped his forehead. He took off his cap, abashed.
“I forget myself. I’m no [Negotiator], Miss. I was just closest when I got my orders. I’m just a [Coachman], me. Not sure why they wanted me, but we’re not the biggest company…Ferris, Miss. Ferris Seftpaw. Oh behalf of my company, I’d love to make a deal with Miss Erin Solstice. Even offer her a free trip. We can get you to a Walled City within a week from one to another.”
“Really? How?”
“Trade secrets, Miss Lyonette. Well, I say trade secrets, but really, it’s just good wheels, magical horses, and…”
The Gnoll took the drink eagerly as he told Lyonette about the fantastic company. Meanwhile, the Gnoll with the bow on his back had found Ishkr, the first Gnoll on staff.
