Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 13
The Centaur gave the advice he gave all first-timers. Lyonette nodded and kept puffing away. Pawn stared ahead.
“I feel nothing.”
“It takes time. Look, I have a job to do. Tell Erin I won’t be able to help cook.”
“Sure! Thank you for this and…”
Lyonette waved her hands. To mean everything, really. Palt had stayed at The Wandering Inn for a good time now. And he had ingratiated himself to everyone as much as possible. That meant handing out his goods to the Earthers, Ceria—Pisces had refused his goods, claiming he liked drinking more—and Pawn and Lyonette now.
Helping Erin out in the kitchen, too. The Centaur saw this as his duty for multiple reasons. First—Erin was an ally. You helped allies out. Second, he owed her. Montressa and company had tried to kidnap the Horns, had gotten into a fight at Erin’s inn. Debts weren’t a one-and-done thing.
And finally—he rather liked Erin. She was, in Palt’s words, cute. Attractive in more ways than just physical. The Centaur also knew that Erin was as hard to nail down as the Elusive Lot. But that was part of her charm.
“I’m going to Pallass!”
He called out as he trotted back into The Wandering Inn. He had been out the back, to pursue the semi-illicit experience of smoking. Palt already had a cigar in his mouth, though. He conjured a bit of fire to light the end and—
“Palt! How many times have I told you not to smoke indoors?”
An angry voice made Palt wince. He hadn’t even registered putting the cigar in his mouth. It was automatic, the way other people breathed.
The Centaur turned and ducked his head as he snatched the cigar out of his mouth.
“Sorry, Erin. It’s a habit.”
“It’s a bad one! How many times do I have to tell you? Smoking kills!”
“Er…it does?”
Erin Solstice hesitated.
“Yeah. It totally does. It makes your lungs all black and icky, right, Ryoka? Tobacco is evil!”
“But this is dreamleaf.”
The Centaur pointed to his cigar. Erin wavered again, and then wagged one finger.
“It’s secondhand smoke. That’s what’s bad! You’ll get kids high!”
“But if I funnel it out a window or contain the smoke…I’m only harming myself.”
Palt knew it was a losing argument. Erin didn’t like smoking. It was, perhaps, one of the biggest challenges facing getting to know her. He sighed, and then heard a voice as a taller Human came up beside Erin.
“Why not let him smoke if the smoke can be negated, Erin? It’s…not exactly the worst of drugs.”
Palt blinked at this unexpected ally. Erin turned and looked at Ryoka Griffin, surprised.
“Ryoka! But it’s bad! Weed is bad, right?”
“Uh. No. What century are you living in?”
“This one! Wait a second, Ryoka. Do you mean you’ve done…the stuff?”
“Which stuff?”
Palt smirked as he saw Erin’s jaw drop. The Centaur turned his head and pretended to cough. Erin looked indignant.
“But weed—”
“Erin. It’s not worse than alcohol.”
“N—yeah but—wait a second…”
Erin opened and closed her mouth. Palt looked at his rescuer and slowly put the cigar in his mouth. Erin eyed him with wroth, but she said nothing as the stream of smoke floated into a bubble around Palt’s head. The City Runner smiled and he nodded to her.
“A fellow connoisseur?”
“A dabbler. Hi. Ryoka.”
“We’ve met.”
Briefly. The two eyed each other up and down. Palt was sure Ryoka was from Earth. Beyond that? He was very curious. Could she be the legendary ‘batman’ for whom every Wistram mage had been instructed to look for? Perhaps. And knowing Erin? Palt would have put money on it.
“Is it…I mean, we have a similar substance. Is dreamleaf…like that, do you know? You were at Wistram.”
