Interlude – Foliana
Page 4
Outside, Niers was throwing silverware and Foliana was blocking them. She refused to give up the comb—until Niers pointed one of his rings at her.
“Last chance. Give me the comb or I’ll singe your fur off.”
“I’ll dodge. You’ll damage the walls.”
“Foliana—”
The Squirrel-woman hesitated. She eyed the charging spell in Niers’ ring and realized he was about to fire it at her. After a long pause, Foliana grudgingly placed the comb on the table. Three feet away from Niers. He stared at her and stomped over to it, swearing. He reached for the comb—
Foliana snatched it. Niers swore. From his kitchen, Selentierre winced as he heard something explode. He turned to Mixasa.
“I’ll finish the sauté. Tell the guards Lord Astoragon is…discussing an issue with Lady Foliana.”
Wide-eyed, the Dullahan grabbed her head and scurried out a side-door. Selentierre finished Foliana’s breakfast, arranged it onto the platter, and hurried out of the kitchen.
“Breakfast is served! Apologies for the delay!”
Foliana and Niers looked up from a war that had set a corner of the table ablaze. Silently, they both returned to their places. Niers had a chair on the table. Foliana blew on the blue fire engulfing part of the table and seemed miffed when the fire didn’t’ go out.
“Ah, Lord Astoragon, should I change the tables…?”
“No need. It won’t burn more than the wood and tablecloth where it’s stuck to. The table’s gone anyways.”
Glumly, Niers watched the blue fire slowly eating away at the part of the table he’d hit with his ring. Foliana silently passed him his comb. Niers stared at her. The [Rogue] nodded at him.
“Your hair is awful. Mm. Disgraceful. You’re a professor. Use my comb.”
Niers twitched. Selentierre hurriedly placed his breakfast down on the tiny dining table on top of the larger dining table.
“Your breakfast, Lord Astoragon.”
“Ah, thank you, Selentierre. Although I would have eaten a squirrel. Today. Wonderfully arranged, as always.”
The Fraerling smiled a bit as he combed his hair at last. Selentierre brightened; he was a master of presentation and few [Chefs] in the world could arrange food on a miniature scale. He’d won an award in Fraerling-circles for that. Delighted, he swept across the table and bowed low.
“And for you, Lady Foliana.”
“Mm. Thanks. Niers, give my comb back.”
She held out a paw. Niers stared as she crooked a finger, demanding the comb back. He stared at Selentierre, resigned, as he threw the comb back and Foliana took it. The Garuda gave his employer a sympathetic nod as Niers picked up a fork and shook his head, sighing loudly. They were both used to her unique personality.
Foliana. What people forgot was that she was a [Rogue]. More than Three-Color Stalker, more than the leader of the Forgotten Wing Company and one of the most feared assassins in the world. Foliana was a [Rogue]. She hid, she stole things, and she had no sense of personal privacy.
“I hate you so much. You’ve cost me my morning’s prep time. I have a full day, you know!”
Niers addressed Foliana as he dug into his breakfast. He dined efficiently, savoring bites, but aware that time was running out before he had to get to classwork. And then the business of running one of the Four Great Companies. Even if you delegated, there was work to do. Well, if you were anyone but Foliana.
She was in charge, but she didn’t manage the company. That was Niers’ job. Foliana eyed her breakfast and poked at it with one paw. Selentierre, retreating to the kitchen, held his breath.
