Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 28
Something must have gone really wrong in Pallass. She hadn’t seen Saliss in this mood for a long time and she’d known him since he returned from Chandrar. But he’d already been the top solo Gold-rank and then…
The Antinium Wars had turned him into Saliss of Lights.
Three [Earthquake] scrolls had been provided for the purpose of damaging the Antinium’s project. Shriekblade, Saliss, and Mivifa were all entrusted with one scroll each. They were Group One.
The plan was simple. Group One teleported in and began casting. The Antinium had no spellcasting might of their own and Xrn was confirmed in Liscor. Therefore, Group One would begin the [Earthquake] spell. Almost right after that, Group Two, with Sixswords and the Gold-rank teams would teleport away from Group One and cause a diversion.
Both sides would retreat the moment the Tier 6 spell activated. They’d reach the waiting camp, here, and teleport further way.
It wasn’t new to Mivifa. Or the Antinium. The Hives and the Walled Cities were at ‘peace’. But raids crossing the border like this were common. Killing a Queen or destroying a city—well, both sides had danced on the edge of war before. One mistake and it could be the Third Antinium War.
And even if not—the adventurers were pawns in this conflict. They could die and they wouldn’t have been here. No wonder everyone but Saliss was tense.
The Gold-ranks were muttering. They knew they were the diversion and the three Named-ranks were the real attack and thus the ones most at risk when the Antinium got angry. But Saliss was not great at making friends when he was being his most annoying.
“He shows up late, he’s drunk, and disrespects all our cities? Pallass for you. Do you think he’ll even throw straight when the Black Tide marches?”
Another Gold-rank snorted as he adjusted the glowing javelins ready to throw.
“We would have been better served by a [Slinger] with his potions. Just because he can make high-quality potions—”
It was just nervous-talk, and Saliss had certainly earned some ire. But as Group One’s teleportation circle lit up and they waited to be sent to their destination, someone felt compelled to speak up.
And that was the Drake with the huge greatsword on his back. He leaned over.
“Hey rookies. Shut the hell up.”
It took the Gold-ranks a moment to realize the Swordsman of Six was referring to them. They also then realized—the Swordsman of Six was glaring. He nodded at Saliss, giggling as the [Mages] snapped at him to lie still.
“Saliss is the most annoying Named Adventurer on the con—one of the most annoying. If he mouths off, ignore him or do something about it, but don’t speak ill of his fighting abilities. That’s Chaldion’s grandson. [Grand Strategist] Chaldion of Pallass.”
The others hesitated. There was a name. An old name, from before the Antinium Wars, even. Sixswords nodded as the light became blinding.
“That old Drake taught his kids to be first-class [Generals] and [Warriors]. When the Black Tide comes for us—you’ll want that damn Drake in front of you.”
The Gold-ranks stared at the Swordsman of Six. Some nodded respectfully. Say what you will, but Zeter was willing to acknowledge Saliss’ abilities. It was the [Alchemist] who seemed determined to hold a grudge. Discord between Named Adventurers? Well—it made sense. But he’d doled out lavish praise there for Saliss.
He just…really…shouldn’t have said that part about Chaldion. Mivifa looked down at Saliss. The Drake had been lying there, eyes closed, ready to do his job—however reluctantly. But at Sixsword’s words, his eyes snapped open. His head rose.
“Saliss—”
