Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 2
“I’ll bet they never made it past Liscor. House Byres, I mean. Did Vampires?”
Fierre and Himilt exchanged a quick look. The farmer looked around. Then he walked over and lowered his voice even further.
“We went everywhere. The Vampires of Drakes and Gnolls…were hunted differently than we. More bitterly, by their kind. If they exist—we lost touch with them long ago. But that is a good point. We will think on that, as well. Thank you once more, Miss Griffin. You will be welcome here anytime. Fierre—watch your meals.”
“I’ve got one right here, father.”
Fierre grabbed Ryoka’s arm with a smirk. Himilt rapped the top of his daughter’s head and she scowled.
“Don’t be arrogant. We will have to talk later about your…change. Later.”
He waved them off, brusquely, and jogged back towards the farm. Fierre glared at her father’s back, but she smiled before she saw Ryoka looking. The two ran on.
“Your father’s nice.”
“He’s overprotective. But…yes. I’ve never met your family, Ryoka. Are they…?”
“I have my issues.”
Ryoka bit back saying ‘I hate their guts’. It was—true. But Ryoka, now, wondered if maybe it was partly her. Well—it probably was. But her father was still an asshole. Compared to Himilt, it was night and day. Her father had never burned his hands down to bone to lie for his daughter. He had bribed people, though.
The City Runner shook that off. The two ran on. And in time—they encountered someone running towards them.
“Salamani! Morning!”
“Ryoka, Fierre! Everyone still alive?”
“It’s been two days. No one’s gotten sick or been hurt yet.”
The Courier slowed as he turned to jog with them. Salamani had yet to go running on his journey as well.
“Given how long I’ve known you two…have you settled things at Fierre’s home?”
“Just about. Now, back to business.”
The three ran on, and Ryoka saw Reizmelt appearing in the distance as Fierre gave Salamani some of the cheese her family produced and thanked him for his help. The Mage Runner waved it off.
“What’s next for you two?”
Ryoka smiled, brought back to life. As they covered the last three miles, she turned to Fierre and Salamani.
“Now? After all this, I think we deserve a reward, don’t you?”
Fierre grinned toothily before she covered her mouth. She looked at Salamani and back at Ryoka.
“We’re rich. I’ve got enough items to turn every adventurer in Reizmelt into Silver-rank teams, at least. We might be carrying multiple sets of Gold-rank gear. That’s money. Enough money to do…anything.”
“So, that means appraisals. Selling some of it?”
“That’s right. I was thinking—”
As Ryoka Griffin ran through the gates of Reizmelt, she heard a shout from the walls. She waved at the [Guards] there. She turned back to Salamani and someone on the streets pointed.
“It’s the Wind Runner!”
Ryoka Griffin slowed. Fierre, Salamani, and Ryoka heard more shouting. Warily, they all checked themselves. Ryoka reached for one of her new wands, taken from Valeterisa’s mansion.
“What’s that about?”
Salamani shrugged. He drew his wand. Ryoka jogged forwards, seeing more people streaming towards her in the distance, pointing. She took another few strides past a corner—
And walked into a storm of applause. Ryoka Griffin heard cheers, and people shouting her name.
Wind Runner! Children and adults both came running to see her. To applaud and cheer her. She had no idea why.
“Wind Runner! Wind Runner! Can you write your name on this? It’s an auto-graph!”
A boy came running up, holding a bit of white cardboard and a quill pre-dipped in ink. Ryoka was thrown—and she saw more people cheering her. But why were they applauding?
