Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 23
There she was, arms thrown around Lord Tyrion as she stopped him from launching an attack into First Landing itself. The Courier of the hour, who had perhaps been the very reason he went to war. Ryoka let go of Tyrion as if he were made of molten metal, but there it was.
Chaos on the docks. Infighting in the House of Wellfar. A statue burning, another under debate, and they’d barely set foot onto First Landing. A voice sounded in Ryoka’s ears, accusatory.
“This is all your fault. I don’t know how, but it’s all your fault.”
For a moment, she looked around to see if sock-Rhisveri had followed her across the sea. She didn’t put it past the Wyrm to have cursed her with it. But no. It wasn’t a sock puppet.
It was a young boy with pale blonde hair, staring up at Ryoka. His hands were on his hips, and he looked delighted. A familiar man with tattoos was grinning as an orangutan, which had swung them both onto the ship, happily patted the deck.
Seve-Alrelious, the Hundredfriends Courier, and Sammial Veltras looked at Ryoka Griffin as Tyrion whirled. Then Sammial launched himself forwards and hugged Ryoka’s leg.
“You survived! And you’re causing trouble! I missed you!”
He beamed as Tyrion froze up. Ryoka blinked and then bent down and hugged Sammial fiercely.
“You’re okay! Sammial! Did the voyage go well? And—”
She turned to the Hundredfriends Courier, and he lifted a hand.
“From sea to land, Couriers all. Greetings, Wind Runner.”
“Ook.”
The orangutan, Erek, waved as Ryoka, flustered, tried to bow, hug Sammial, and speak at the same time.
“You’re—the Hundredfriends Courier! Thank you. Is the Waterbear, I mean, Courier Worroar of Cerun…?”
“She’s alive and on her next assignment. I agreed to wait here—Lord Sammial Veltras refused to leave once he heard you were all inbound. I believe Worroar had to leave. For her own sake.”
Seve’s eyes twinkled with good humor, and Ryoka finally prised Sammial loose.
“Sammial—Tyrion. Lord Tyrion…”
The two looked at each other, son and father. Tyrion was still frozen up, but as Sammial turned to him, he cleared his throat, knelt down, and looked Sammial in the eyes.
“Sammial. You look healthy.”
“Hi, Father.”
Sammial’s beaming smile turned wary. Ryoka looked at Tyrion and then at Sammial. Tyrion searched for words—you could see it on his face.
“I trust Ailendamus treated you with all due respect while you were a hostage? I am sure you conducted yourself as a member of House Veltras.”
The young [Lord]’s face screwed up, and Ryoka kicked Tyrion. She didn’t mean to, but she just—kicked him in the side. He blinked at her, and everyone stared at Ryoka.
“What I think you mean is—hug him? You fought a war for Sammial.”
She stared Tyrion in the face, more amazed by this than anything else. He blinked at her, and the [Lord] looked at Sammial. Awkwardly. Then he nodded.
“…Of course I did. Why would I not?”
Sammial blinked at his father and then rushed forwards. He hugged Tyrion, and the [Lord] actually hugged him back and picked him up. Awkwardly, but Tyrion was carrying Sammial.
It wasn’t just Buscrei who sighed, or Jericha. Ryoka saw Tyrion holding Sammial, checking him, and in that moment…
Well, it was all well. She turned to Seve, embarrassed.
“I’m sorry. I’m so grateful—”
“Couriers help each other. Seve-Alrelious. I know it’s a mouthful. And you are Ryoka Griffin, the Wind Runner of Reizmelt. I wanted to meet you.”
Ryoka took his hand and felt a strong grip, callused, and smiled. She looked at Seve and then felt someone take her other hand.
“Erek! Sorry, that’s my companion.”
