Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 24
Hard to say. A phalanx of Sand Golems formed up at Trey’s will. They were perfect Puppet-class Golems. Temporary, but he could make them do whatever sand could do. And that was a lot. However—
Mini-Gazi halted her charge at them and actually ran left before hitting them in the flank. The Sand Golems were too slow to pivot and she ran past their spears to start hacking them into lifeless sand.
Trey had only given the Lifesand Golem the order to ‘attack’. But despite that, there was something of him in Mini-Gazi. A bit of his intention along with his blood.
The battle raged on. Trey kept animating tiny Sand Golems to fight Gazi—he even went for a giant colossus four feet high to battle Gazi made up of all the sand he’s brought to the Academy. It didn’t matter. Mini-Gazi could not be killed by regular sand. It buried her and she just hacked her way out. When it was done, she stood amid a sea of sand. That was when Trey picked her up and put her in his pack.
“Well, you’re going to be useful. Now, do I tell my teachers I can make you? No…no I don’t. And not the other Earth-people either.”
Mini-Gazi nodded obediently. Trey had made her do that, of course. She wasn’t a thinking Golem. Autonomous-class, maybe, even if he hadn’t given her a Golem Heart. She was temporary; Sand Golems almost always were, as one of the lowest classes of Golems. However, this Lifesand Golem wouldn’t decay and didn’t take mana like regular Sand Golems. She could absorb it from the atmosphere—and Wistram Academy had more mana in the air than any place Trey had ever been.
She only required one additional thing that a regular Golem wouldn’t want. Trey grimaced. The sand was looking a bit crumbly on Mini-Gazi, so he drew a dagger and cut his wrist.
Blood dripped down onto Mini-Gazi’s head and the sand brightened. She waved her arms and grinned.
“You’re welcome.”
Lifesand Golems required blood. Mini-Gazi was only a foot high, so she required only a bit every day, or a good amount would see her a few days. Trey wondered if he could get her to spy. But he hadn’t figured out how to see through her eyes. Especially since her ‘eyes’ were made of sand.
“Off we go. Stay in the pack and don’t move.”
He saw the Golem nod before he closed the pack. Mini-Gazi was mostly just to keep him company for now, but she was an asset. Oh—and she was really good at keeping the magical rats out of his room at night. Wistram had a rat problem.
It didn’t bother Trey, but one of the new girls who’d been added to the incoming students class had been in hysterics. Trey walked out of his room and waved.
“Hey…Flynn. Where’re we going? I forgot.”
Flynn Patel, who was rooming next to Trey, closed the door and stretched.
“Uh…I have no idea.”
Trey gave him a look and Flynn grinned.
“Pricky’s the one who has a good sense of direction! And since she has to be in the kennels if I’m in class—”
“We don’t have to study, they said.”
The young man from Australia looked Trey up and down. The [Sand Mage] was wearing his robes and carrying his staff as well as a pack with a spellbook and other supplies, including quills and parchment.
“You’re going to. I figured I might as well learn magic, right? In the ‘Academy of Mages’? This is wild! It’s like Hog—”
“Don’t say it.”
The two began walking down the corridor. They were temporarily with the new students, but Aaron and Elena had promised they’d be reassigned with ‘other people from home’ once a faction claimed them.
