Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 29
Wil saw one of them go under, sucked down by a slug. Another reached the brain and was covered by slugs. Two down. But then—Inky was standing on the brain. Diving into the waters and hacking into the pink head. The other [Storm Sailors] joined her. They cut, mercilessly ripping the jellyfish apart.
The slugs swarmed back over the railing, trying to protect their true self. Too late. Even as the last ones tried to plop over the railing, they slowed. Grew…aimless. They flopped down.
Dead. The [Storm Sailors] kept cutting until all that was left was floating pieces and gore in the waters. Then they returned to the ship.
Three didn’t come back. But thirty-seven, some wounded, most intact, had done it. The [Sailors] cheered. The students, panting, Merrik, Peki, and Venaz covered in jellyfish guts, saw the [Sailors] returning. Captain Lasc saluted them.
“[Storm Sailors]! Sea’s honor to you all! And the bounty to you and the dead!”
They raised their weapons and cheered. Victorious. Wil watched, panting. He felt—tired. But he’d barely fought, just tried to command. Saved one man’s life.
That was all. He felt—wrong. He should have done more. And Feshi’s face clearly reflected the same.
But it was done. The [Captain] ordered kegs of alcohol breached. He toasted the dead, listing names. The [Sailors] drank. They slapped each other on the back, complimented Venaz and the two [Commanders], who had slaughtered the jellyfish. Even Wil and Feshi and Yerra, who’d helped with their Skills.
And then? They got back to work. And yes—swabbing the deck was now mandatory. The jellyfish was dead, but it had to be removed from the ship.
“The worst damn part is that there’s little to salvage. Maybe the brain, but we’re not sticking around to gather it up.”
Inky was cursing as she tended to a few bites on her side. She glanced up as Wil and the other students approached. She grinned at Wil’s face.
“Fancy your first engagement at sea, Lord Kallinad?”
“I think I’d have preferred the boredom. That was…something.”
An enemy that vast? No land-creature was that big. At least, none that Wil had seen. He stared into the ocean. A different scale of foe. He looked at Inky and stared at the dark waters.
“Is it still good to look at the sea, Inky? Captain Lasc?”
The man heard him. And he and the other [Sailors] laughed as if it were the funniest thing they’d ever heard. So did Inky. Her teeth flashed as she pointed at the jellyfish they were leaving behind.
“Of course! How else do you know what’s sneaking up on you?”
 
—-
 
Treasure and Angry Crabs
 
The next day, the ship felt different to Wil. Not as much a prison of boredom. More like…well, a kind of home.
They’d fought for it. Protected it. And—Inky had shown him the sailor’s secret.
The sea. The students sat at their table and just watched as the ocean passed by. They didn’t need games. They had conversation and—well, you could admire the ocean.
Green and clear with the sun’s rays shining through them. It was hypnotic beauty, one that could let you spend days and hours watching.
Too, the battle was fresh in their minds. And they were discussing it.
“I feel like my entire strategy was flawed. Here I was, leading a vanguard down the decks when I should have been apprising the situation. Also—we weren’t optimally fighting. We killed the slugs, but I didn’t take into account the fact that they were weighing down the ship. I should have been keeping them from boarding. Mistake, and mistake, and mistake—I didn’t even see the real threat.”
