Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 35
Inky took the cup out of Merrik’s hands. He’d been offering it to Wil. But the [Lord] didn’t want to drink. Yerranola went on.
“That’s right. And he gets the treasure…”
“And keeps it. Why would he share the bounty with us when he does all the hard work?”
Wil spoke up flatly. Yerranola opened her mouth.
“Well, we have the location.”
“And? He’s the one who has to do the fighting. Or the Professor. It doesn’t matter anyways. We could sell it for…something. I’ll do it tonight. Sell the location, rather.”
“Oh, come on, Wil. Sell it? Negotiate—”
“With what?”
Wil turned, looking angry. Yerra didn’t understand. She waved at him.
“We’re the only ones who know where the treasure is.”
“Yes. Us. And Captain Lasc. And Delivan. And the entire crew of The Emerald Signet. Who probably already sent their own [Messages] to people telling them what they saw.”
Yerra went silent as she digested this.
“Oh. But…but they don’t know where it is. Right?”
Inky swished the drink in her mouth before swallowing. She looked sympathetic.
“Trouble is—Miss Yerra—that undersea mountain’s too visible. If it were one of the older shipwrecks, I could see it being harder to locate. But this one’s findable. Now—if there was no marker of any kind and you were trawling the sea bed unless you had the exact star-coordinates, that information would be worth something and perhaps only Lord Kallinad’d be able to sell it. Or Lasc, since he’d have a good idea where it was. But this? Too easy to say ‘look for a mountain around hereabouts’.”
She nodded at Wil. The [Lord] nodded glumly.
“I don’t think we can even sell it for much. I’ll…ask Lasc to make the next two shipwrecks harder to spot. He can play with the timing so we arrive by day and sail far away by the time it’s nightfall. If there’s anything worth finding, though.”
That would help. With the other two shipwrecks. If they came back for a treasure. But the fact remained. That had been it. And it—was gone.
“I’m sorry. It was a sight to see, at least.”
Feshi spoke quietly from the bunk where she was sitting. The others nodded. Wil did too, after a moment. It was. He tried not to let the depression consume him. However—it was hard.
To distract himself, Wil took issue with Yerranola. Mildly.
“Yerra, you dragged me belowdecks. Again. And you told me and Feshi to take cover. We’re not children. We are [Strategists]. We can fight.”
“Yeah, but you’re fragile. Venaz has his armor at least and Merrik and Peki are [Commanders]. And I’m—”
“A Selphid.”
Everyone chorused. Yerra smiled.
“Hey, you know my line. Look, Wil. I’m just looking out for my favorite fleshfriend.”
She hugged him lightly. Wil sighed.
“I appreciate it. But we don’t need to be overprotected, Yerra.”
The Selphid disagreed, smiling, looking a bit concerned.
“But you’re all my fleshfriends. I can’t have one of you accidentally getting stabbed! Arrows through the head kill you.”
She elbowed Wil, laughing gently and tapped her skull. It made a slightly hollow sound.
“There’s nothing up here.”
“You can say that again.”
Venaz grumbled. Yerra threw his pillow at him. It stuck on his horns. The others laughed, relaxed—Wil smiled as he felt Yerra patting him on the shoulders. It was a cold, clammy touch. But she and he were friends, ever since she’d befriended him when they first entered the academy.
Yet, Yerra’s flaw was she was protective. Overly so. He straightened and spoke in a haughty tone. Half-mocking, half-serious.
