Interlude – Sand and Notes
Page 14
The first list appeared on Erin’s gym wall a little bit later. It had the beginnings of a statistical model attached, and, after Grimalkin had requested it, data on the lifter to correlate with their max rep.
 
Human, female – 247 lbs. Date…
Human, male – 220 lbs. Date…
 
“Who’s putting stuff on my walls?”
Erin groused, but the little list had attracted the interest of some of the weight-room group. It was a small number, and since Relc was gone, she didn’t know a lot of them. But after Erin had wandered back in with Lyonette to see about some air-freshening charms—or just more windows—she noticed something else.
There was a second list, with max-reps by the patrons of her gym.
 
Gnoll, female. 272 lbs. Date…
 
“Whoa. Dat’s a lotta muscles.”
“Thanks.”
Raekea smirked as the others crowded around the list. The [Blacksmith] had claimed one of the higher numbers. Which of course, made others decide to place themselves.
When Grimalkin came back the next day, he found the second list, to his surprise. And another list as well, waiting for him via [Message] spell. It had a note.
“Sinew Magus. As per your copied data of Human lifting numbers, Manus has benchmarked our group’s capabilities.”
The Drake [Mage] stared at the reply and the list. And then another Street Runner came by.
“List from Oteslia, Magus Grimalkin! And Zeres, Fissival, Salazsar…”
They had all decided to make their own lists. And…Grimalkin couldn’t help but notice that a lot of the numbers at the top just so happened to beat Lady Pryde’s numbers. Of course, she’d only been doing it with probably a sample group.
But Grimalkin of Pallass was no fool. So he copied over the numbers to Pryde and created a master-list. He also attached one to Erin’s weight-room.
The next day, Lady Pryde sent a list with a number at the top.
 
Human, male. 500.
 
The [Lady of Pride] did not cede anything to Drakes. Of course, Grimalkin posted that. And he immediately got a demand for the next logical step.
Proof.
So that was how Salii found herself watching a bunch of sweaty Humans cheering an exceptionally ripped Human with [Enhanced Strength] and two other strength Skills lifting five hundred pounds on the scrying orb.
“We can do better.”
Lady Pryde was dressed in work-out clothes. She looked around, imperious.
“This was just a sample. We’re going far beyond five hundred pounds. I say—it’s possible to break one thousand, without magic. With the right Skills, diet, exercise—we’re making it happen! Not Minotaurs, not half-Giants—a Human-only record!”
The crowd around her cheered. Salii stared at the sweaty bodies, the rippling muscles, and turned.
“Do you want these things?”
Orjin and the martial artists of Pomle looked at each other. They eyed the Humans, as the broadcast cut to Manus, who had a bunch of angry Drakes ready to get ripped. Orjin nodded.
“Sure.”
Salii shook her head. Magus Grimalkin smiled as he watched Lady Pryde challenging him. The orders began to pick up. Of course, the important thing was the academic and material value, not the popularity of his work.
It just made him a bit happy.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I had another perspective planned rather than Grimalkin, so this interlude was titled ‘Unfair Advantages’ originally. Well, it would still sort of fit, but I didn’t include Minotaurs or other races.
Day Three! Tomorrow, I’ll be shouting about The Last Tide, which is coming out tomorrow! But we have four more chapters before my long break! I hope you’re enjoying this! And of course, the shorter narratives means I get to dance around more. Do fun little stories.
