Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 32
He found himself in a large circle of onlookers. The [Guards] of all three caravans, the [Slave Masters], Riqre, Igheriz, Hrome, and Azam standing a ways away, [Slaves] of Riqre’s caravan…and one man he recognized.
Shein. The Bronze-rank adventurer looked as terrified as Pisces felt. Riqre clapped his hands.
“There is Pisces! And here is a strong young man! Good bones. Bronze-rank? Psht.”
He made a sound and his people laughed. Shein flushed. Riqre turned to Igheriz.
“You will not make much off of him. Almost better to call him a [Warrior] or—no, he is a [Fighter], isn’t he? Rather than tout him as Bronze-rank.”
He glanced at Shein and read the man’s class. The adventurer could only hang his head.
“He is still worth gold, Emir. I would not have him—damaged. Whatever it is you intend…”
Igheriz looked nervous. Uneasy, as he glanced at Pisces. The [Necromancer] was tense, but Riqre lifted an admonishing finger, frowning.
“Igheriz, I will recompense you at double, nay, triple his price for any accidents. Which there will not be! And I will ‘risk’ my people first, you see? But first—Pisces!”
He spread his arms as if to embrace Pisces. The [Necromancer] backed up into impassive guards.
“What…what am I here for? I will not be privy to any…wrongness, Riqre. If you intend—”
Pisces referred to anything and everything Riqre had done. Was this about the half-Elf child? Yet Riqre looked hurt.
“Pisces. Ah, Pisces. You wound me. Am I that unsubtle? Sometimes. Yes, sometimes the hammer is needed instead of the brush, but I am adept at both things. I know you. You are unruly. Angry. You see, Igheriz? All defiance. Not trained at all. Nearly completely wild.”
He gestured at Pisces, as if it were written on the young man’s face. Igheriz hesitated.
“I do not have your Skills of appraisal, Emir, but need he be? I am only transporting him.”
“And you do nothing to add to his worth? You could at least try, Igheriz. But then—I have many methods and the experience of decades. So I will help. Hrome, you may watch as well.”
“Y-you honor me, Emir.”
Hrome managed. Riqre dismissed him with a single glance. He looked at Pisces.
“I would rather free you and have you work with me, as a companion who shares my vision, Pisces. But to do that, you would have to be my [Slave], and…well. There are ways to change someone. Like that.”
He snapped his fingers and Pisces flinched.
“The Naga could make you think I was your boon companion, the fifth in the Horns of Hammerad. For a while. Make you a friend as true as…what is that funny Antinium’s name?”
Pisces refused to speak. Riqre hunted until one of his [Slaves] whispered.
“Ksmvr. That’s right! I am beside myself, though. Pisces…I only mean to use your powers tonight. Improve you.”
“I will not be party to anything you do.”
Pisces whispered through stiff lips. Riqre gave him a pitying look. He turned to Igheriz.
“You see? He says this like he has a choice. The same as your Djinni. He obeys.”
He pointed at Azam. Even Azam was wary. Riqre sighed at Igheriz.
“Far better for them to want to do things, Igheriz.”
“Then show me, Emir. But if you harm Pisces’ value…”
“I know.”
This time the crack in Riqre’s voice made everyone go still. For a second death filled the air—until Riqre passed a hand over his face.
“Igheriz. Igheriz. My temper gets the best of me. I will make it up to you. Just watch, please?”
The [Slave Master] said nothing. Riqre turned to Pisces.
