Interlude – Bird
Page 4
“Powers? They’re not monsters. They’re just little black birds. I bet you’ve seen them! Only, you’ve probably never seen a swarm of them before.”
“A swarm?”
Bird edged closer to the table. Bevussa nodded, grimacing as she ran a talon down her beak.
“Worst things for any flier to run into. I had a group of Oldblood Drakes—kids, really, barely able to get off the ground. And we were flying over a forest when a swarm of starlings took offense. That’s the problem, see. They’re usually not aggressive, but when there are monsters in the sky, starlings learn to attack. And this lot went after us. Now, they’re tiny birds like I said, but there were thousands of them attacking all of us, trying to smash us on the ground. I barely got the Drakes down before the starlings took us out of the sky, and I still have scars—hell, one of the Drakes nearly lost an eye and I got blamed for the entire thing!”
Bevussa grimaced. Bird didn’t pay attention to her, though. He was dreamily staring off into the distance.
“Thousands.”
“That’s right. And they’re not the only ones. A lot of birds learn to fight against monsters. Or run. It’s the only way they survive being wiped out. Ever seen a group of eagles take on a Wyvern? It’s not all about size in the sky. And believe me, there’s a lot you ground folk never see.”
“Like what?”
“Hah! Where should I start? How much do you have time for?”
Bevussa leaned back flapping her wings dismissively. But Bird edged closer. He fixed Bevussa with a pleading look.
“Everything. I want to hear everything.”
The Garuda woman stopped. She stared at Bird and saw in his eyes the purest and deepest interest she’d ever seen. Slowly she sat forwards.
“Well, alright. If you want me to talk about the sky—well, I’m a Garuda but I was born and raised by Drakes. They’re not good fliers, despite the Oldblood thing, but I’ve heard stories all my life and my family took me to the library. And I’ve met Garuda from Chandrar and they’ve got all the tales.”
“Tales like what?”
“Oh, of the sky of course! Wyverns and local birds aside, there are legends up there. Birds that hide behind clouds, special ones that only come out when the rainbows shine! Birds that can go higher than the tallest mountain, so high up they have to hold their breaths and fly with magic because the air’s too thin! And yes—even birds that live in the water. Some you have to fight, but others just…appear.”
“Appear? Like what?”
“Like, okay, there was this story I heard of a Garuda who got lost and found himself flying over the sea. He had no idea where land was and he was flying in circles, lower and lower, thinking he was going to fall and drown. And then he saw the air move and realized that there was something flying right beneath him! He looked down and saw something flash by. It went by so fast that he never saw it, but the slipstream dragged him for over ten miles, back towards the land!”
Bird sat transfixed, staring at Bevussa. He glanced out a window towards the rainy sky.
“Was it a bird?”
Bevussa nodded.
“Apparently. He swears it was twice as large as he was and had red slashes on its wings and a white body. And he’s not the only one who’s seen it. Apparently this bird travels around Chandrar, and there was a time when a bunch of Wistram Mages came to see if they could capture it. Hah, well, they didn’t get the attention of that bird, but they did manage to piss off one of the leviathans of the sky…”
