Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 41
She turned and nearly touched the spear on her back, but relaxed…slightly.
“Strategist Belgrade. Not joining the officers playing cards?”
They had a habit of doing that, those not on duty, and Embria knew Olesm abstained, but she occasionally went there to talk. Belgrade tilted his head. He had a bundle of letters too.
“Excuse me, Commanders? We’re opening in one minute by our count, and it’s fast. Transit? Supplies? Messages?”
“Just letters. Here. Thank you.”
“I, as well. To Pawn. My report is also meant for Xrn. I have labeled both.”
Belgrade handed the letters to the [Mage], who nodded a bit warily. Embria eyed Belgrade.
“…You report back regularly?”
“Every night.”
The two stepped back as the [Mage] counting down with a flashing timer-spell decided it was time. She threw the door open.
“Letters. Three wounded! Detritus—”
She passed letters through first, then three [Soldiers] were helped through, and then crates of trash or things meant for Liscor. Briskly, some muscular folk of all species dragged them through on the other end.
“Damn, mana’s going down. Refill! Damn door…”
A weary official on the other end was complaining, but a crate of supplies was pushed through—just potions, nothing heavy. Everything cost magic, and the line of people behind the door were clearly waiting to go through.
“Hey, is that the army? What’s the news?”
“We won again! Obviously!”
The [Mage] shouted, to general cheers. Embria cleared her throat meaningfully.
“Don’t leak information.”
“Sorry, Commander.”
The [Mage] looked abashed. Embria stepped back as the door quickly closed with an agreed-upon time on both ends. She turned to Belgrade and found he hadn’t left.
The two leaders looked at each other, Embria far more uncomfortable than Belgrade.
“Well…it’s good to see Liscor. I shouldn’t keep you from the officer’s tent. I don’t see you playing card games, but, er, it’s open. Nightly.”
She wished she hadn’t suggested he come, but Embria was already edging away. Belgrade glanced at her, and replied in a fairly cheerful tone of voice.
“I do not attend. I am aware the other officers do not care for my presence. Yourself included.”
Embria swung back.
I don’t mind your presence…was a lie she didn’t utter because it would probably set off [Detect Lie] spells back in Liscor. She coughed instead.
“I, uh…apologize you’ve gotten that impression.”
“You attempt to hide it. But you are poor at subterfuge. I take no offense. I was told that Liscor’s 4th would not be hospitable or other elements of the army. I joined anyways.”
Embria did a double-take.
“…Why? You signed up?”
She had assumed the Antinium had joined because they had been ordered to. Belgrade looked at Embria oddly.
“Every Antinium in the army volunteered. We will hurt Hectval. For Erin.”
For…Erin Solstice? Embria blinked. Belgrade nodded at her.
“You see, they took a good thing away. Bird did not go to war; he must chase after Mrsha. Pawn stays with his people. Anand is elsewhere. Garry is a [Chef]. So I had to. One of us had to.”
“Is…there something about you five that makes that so important?”
Embria was wavering between the oddity of having a conversation with an Antinium—which she had never done, even with Klbkch, really—and finding out info on the Antinium. High Command had given her orders, but she had never thought to…ask.
Belgrade looked straight at Embria. He was like every other Worker, nothing visible in his insectoid eyes. They never moved. They had no pupils, and no eyeballs to rotate, and in that sense it was like talking to a statue. Creepy.
