Interlude – Of Vampires and Fraerlings
Page 15
The issue was the Goblins and Antinium. Fals raked at his hair. Salkis, Gna, Garia, Fierre, Octavia, and even the Brothers could all travel without too much suspicion, unless Salkis’ family was after her as she thought, but what of the two species who were kill-on-sight for most of Izril?
Splitting up the group was inherently dangerous, as Bird’s Skills only affected the people with him. Then again, that might let them keep up…
Bird was not part of this discussion. He had taken a nap on the wagon because he was sleepy even with the promise of hunting night-birds.
“Niers. Niers.”
“What? Shut up, Bird. I’m listening. I think I can deal with this. I need you to tell them what I’m going to say. I’m going to coach you. One sec. Is that Goblin incapable of talking in actual geographical details? She’s a [Chieftain]!”
He was glowering at Snapjaw as Bird sleepily raised his head. The Antinium regarded Niers.
“Okay. Then I did not level and I will not tell you about my new fantabulous Skill.”
Niers glanced back at Bird.
“You just levelled up?”
“Yes.”
“Well—tell me. And fantabulous is not a word.”
“Yes it is. Erin uses it.”
Niers glared at Bird. The Antinium happily annoyed the little man.
“What’s your new Skill? Come on, Bird. We don’t have time! I need you to repeat my words exactly. No making up anything this time. We have to convince them…”
“There will be no need. Because I am a superior Bird. I am now a Level 7 [Liar] because my lies are so big even I cannot believe them. Would you like me to tell you?”
“Yes, Bird. Tell me.”
“Say ‘please’.”
Niers snapped.
“Just tell me already! Levelling up is not impressive, Bird! It’s Level 7.”
Bird looked hurt.
“But I am already a [Bird Hunter] over Level 30. I am also a [Singer] and [Tactician] and [Revalantor] Level 4. My quick levelling with so many classes is thus extraordinary and I deserve a pat on the head. Maybe an egg.”
“No, it’s not.”
“Yes it is.”
“No, it’s not, Bird. Because I’m Niers Astoragon, the Titan of Baleros. You’re not levelling faster because you’re an amazing [Liar]. It’s because I have [Swift Levelling] and I’ve been using it on you all since we started travelling.”
Bird dropped the egg. He looked at Niers. Then he opened his mandibles to protest that Skill did not exist or everyone would try to get it. And then he looked at the greatest [Strategist] with all his Skills.
“…My accomplishments have been invalidated and I am now sad.”
“You still have to earn them. Just…what’s your Skill?”
Bird sulked for four seconds, then cheered up since he was levelling. Niers rubbed at his head. Everyone loved to tell him it was cheating. Cheating? At what? Erin Solstice clearly had the benefit of that Skill. No one hit Level 40…he wondered who’d boosted her. That Grand Magus?
“I am now able to use [Marionette’s Imitation]. Praise me.”
Niers’ head snapped up. He looked at Bird. Then he developed the most evil grin Apista had ever seen. The Ashfire Bee grabbed one of the eggs and flew off. Good for Bird.
 
——
 
Something was different about Bird when he strode into the meeting about the road and their problem. Oh, he was the same Bird, wearing his weird new hat. His voice was the same…but it had a sudden authority, a difference in cadence now and then.
Bird would say something without the correct body-language to convey it, at first, but he began to act more normally—for Bird—soon enough. Even so.
“We are going to go across the road. Now. Listen to me, because I am Bird and I have a superior plan.”
