Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 32
“You want more? Belgrade’s already hammered his side flat. Do we all have to come over and do your job for you?”
The [Soldiers] under Ramia’s command jeered good-naturedly. The Squad Leader looked more comfortable around Artur. So comfortable, in fact, that Artur spoke.
“Is Strategist Belgrade sending reinforcements to the center?”
Kerone jumped, like many who heard Artur speak. He hesitated, coughed into a fist, and replied.
“My squad’s part of a company that came to help fight, yes. The right’s going well. We destroyed an enemy camp, and they’re retreating hard. Division Leader Ramia’s forces requested some support, so Belgrade sent us over. Not that they needed us that much!”
Artur accepted this lie as a lie. He hung around Olesm. He knew Belgrade was doing better than any other part of the army.
Ramia’s forces…weren’t dying. Not like the Antinium. But the Alliance was showing its backbone, and she was not Olesm or Belgrade.
So it was the soup. Artur knew all that. What he didn’t realize was something trivial. Well, two things:
Firstly, Ramia’s forces had no flags left, aside from one standing outside her tent.
Second? There were no [Flag Bearers] but Artur.
It wasn’t as if [Flag Bearer] was a class Olesm had dedicated himself to creating. He had assigned [Soldiers] to carry a flag, but Hectval burned every flag they captured, just like Liscor would do to all three cities in return. They were not a critical resource, nor did Olesm request more flags from Liscor.
So Artur’s flag began to become a rarer and rarer sight. Indeed, he realized his Skill was one of a handful in Liscor’s army.
[Flag: Inspiring Sight]. As Kerone led him around Ramia’s command, [Soldiers] spotted it and some approached.
“Hey, is that the Antinium flag? What’s going on? Is the Antinium side sending Ants here? Or is it going so well we’re getting their flag? Can anyone add to it?”
Kerone shrugged.
“I don’t think so. Commander Ramia’s gotten three squads. A bit beat-up. The flag’s on tour for morale.”
A few Drakes, all of whom had an odd, strutting walk and an odd badge one offered Artur, frowned.
“Morale? It does feel…well, I feel a bit better looking at it. Fancy that. So no news from the other fronts?”
Kerone shook his head. Artur looked at him, then clicked his mandibles.
“We have received a reinforcement of two hundred and thirteen Antinium. Commander Olesm has also won a protracted battle on Division Leader Bepol’s side. We are also receiving a shipment of Corusdeer steak as premium rations, to be divided up per command tonight.”
The Drakes recoiled, and Kerone blinked at Artur.
“How do you know that?”
The [Flag Bearer] gave him a blank look.
“I heard it?”
He did not tell them about the bad things, like Crusader 57’s squad being wiped out. That was bad for morale. Or Bepol’s failed charge.
However, the [Soldiers] perked right up at the news about the steaks. One looked at Artur, and, to the Antinium’s astonishment, held out a claw.
“Do you shake hands? We’re from Liscor’s Players.”
That explained their badge, which looked like a stick-man with clothing. Or stick-Drake? Kerone was fascinated.
“You’re Liscor’s Players? Nice name. My squad’s Friendly Mold. Any relation to the actual thing?”
One of the Drakes chuckled, but with that note Artur had learned to hear.
“Any relation? Half of us are Liscor’s Players. Not the main cast…well, one of us was. We signed up after the first attack.”
“Why?”
Kerone didn’t know the connection Liscor’s Players had with…Artur kept looking at them, even as he toured on.
