Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 9
It was about Skills or trust. He didn’t know if he could trust Bearig or Cawe, but they were close to him and it was good to make friends. Cawe could be helpful, though. He learned she was not, in fact, a [Thief] when he offended her by using the class.
“I’m a [Pickpocket]. There’s a difference!”
Then she kicked him in the shin. Pisces swore—being kicked by a Garuda’s talons was not fun.
“I apologize for the palpable difference.”
She clacked her cracked beak at him.
“A [Thief] isn’t a specialist! I am. I could have a key out of my [Guard]’s pockets if my collar didn’t stop my Skills. Even without…”
The others shushed her and she fell silent. Astotha looked at Cawe, warningly.
“Any of them hear you again, and you’ll suffer twice. Igheriz won’t tolerate it, Cawe.”
The Garuda snapped her beak shut and Pisces saw her bravado vanish in a second. His sense of unease grew, but her comment told him two things. Firstly—he wasn’t the only person shackled from their Skills. Cawe had a special collar, if not as elaborate as his. Bearig did not.
Neither did Astotha. In fact, she could use her Skills. She…had Skills from her class as a [Slave]. She eyed Pisces, still a bit exhausted from the trek despite his rest, and touched his arm.
“Here. I won’t need this until tomorrow and you look tired, Pisces. A gift for a gift. That’s how we like to do it in Chandrar. [Ease Your Burdens].”
He felt some of his exhaustion vanish. Pisces blinked, and some of the footsore, aching joints and tiredness flowed away…into Astotha. He saw her grimace, slightly, and protested.
“You needn’t have done that. Thank you—”
She smiled.
“It’s my class. Some of it is lost, so we both gain.”
He met her eyes and they were kind. So Pisces nodded, vowing to remember the favor. He did remember such things. Like the [Innkeeper]…
No thoughts of home. Pisces catalogued the other three ‘interesting’ [Slaves] and made a point to talk to them the next day, as they struck camp and were put on the road again.
There were three. Most of the caravan were Human or Stitchfolk, with some spattering of Garuda, the natives of Chandrar. However, Pisces also saw a Dullahan [Tailor] amongst them. Qshom, who had run into a debt after a fire consumed his shop…his armor was plain metal, and he often cursed his justifiable misfortune.
The second was Droppe, who, like Cawe, ran afoul of the law. He was a [Broker], the kind that existed on Izril, that Fierre was, and had tried to sidle up to Pisces twice to chat about anything the [Necromancer] might share. Even here, he seemed to think there was profit in knowledge, and Pisces couldn’t fault him for that.
“I’d rather increase my value before we get to Roshal. You see, the more I’m worth, the better I’ll be treated! True, my master will know everything, but it’s better to be valuable than not.”
He grinned. Pisces turned to the man laboring next to him. The only other adventurer, a Bronze-rank Human named Shein who clearly held Pisces in some regard. They were the potentially ‘helpful’ or interesting ones, and had naturally been chained together, with Astotha as the exception; the small freedoms they were allowed.
“What will we expect when we get to Roshal?”
Shein grimaced.
“For us? The markets. We’ll be sold in big batches unless we’re worth something. Someone like Bearig’s worth more’n me.”
He jerked his head. Pisces was surprised, but Shein explained.
“I’m just a Bronzer—not like you. They’ll lump me in with anyone who might be good for hauling, fighting. Cawe and Droppe are specialists.”
“Told you.”
