Interlude – The Pets of Innworld
Page 21
He stopped as something went baaah in front of him. A little lamb rubbed against his leg; they were still following him and kept trying to touch him.
It actually reminded him of how Rie had tried to manipulate him, so Laken wasn’t fooled. He squatted down, and turned his closed eyes to the little sheep.
“How smart are you?”
It backed up a step, and then tried to climb his leg innocently, begging to be picked up and held. Laken didn’t like that answer. He turned to Eloise, who was—aiming a wand at a lamb trying to come up to her. She put the wand away as the lamb fled.
“Could they perform some kind of duty like the dogs do? They are as smart—smarter—than any animals I’ve met. Smarter than monkeys back home.”
She glanced at him and Laken recalled he hadn’t told the [Witches] his big secret. He would—perhaps only to spite Tamaroth—and they knew it existed, but it was one of the things he was currently waiting on. He had no idea how they’d react.
Hedag strode up, aiming a kick that missed one of the lambs who hopped out of the way. The Hedag laughed, but even her laugh had an irritated edge to it.
“That’s the issue we put before you, Laken-boy. And you see it clearer than most, eyes or not! They might work, since they’re smart’re than most, but they have a weakness that makes them not worth spit.”
“Which is?”
Laken Godart sensed Hedag lean down. She whispered the Sariant Lamb’s fatal flaw into his ear.
“They’re lazy.”
 
—-
 
Two weeks had passed and the Sariants were driving Laken crazy. Riverfarm’s people still defended them, but they were taking up more time. They wanted special food, petting, affection—and they had begun to breed.
They’d spawn like rabbits, and by now, Laken was sure something had to be done. He had sat in…conversation…with one more advisor and received an amusing response.
“Murder them.”
Apparently, they got even on a certain bearded man’s nerves. But that just made Laken want to object. He came upon a good solution, and an obvious one, when he entertained a rare visitor to Riverfarm.
Lord Gralton Radivaek was closer than Yitton Byres, and sometimes dropped by.
“Heard you had a bunch of Sariants.”
He grunted, bringing his usual armada of dogs, who were usually instantly played with. This time? They came up to people fawning over lambs and barely got a scratch. The dogs sniffed the lambs, who wiggled their noses, cuddled—and promptly backed away.
The [Dog Lord]’s hounds weren’t fooled. Laken glanced at Radivaek, and couldn’t read the man’s face from his [Emperor]-senses, but got a rumbling chuckle.
“Hate the buggers. I came to ask if you had a bone in the Oswen fight.”
“The—? Oh, the border dispute with House Veltras’ people?”
It was one of the new political events Riverfarm was now big enough to weigh in, being close-ish to the group that was feuding with the swamp-region over some kind of hunting territory dispute. Radivaek nodded.
“I’m on Oswen’s side.”
“About the hunting lands and the legal territory…?”
The [Dog Lord] gave Laken a blank stare as he tore into some meat and tossed the bones to his dogs. Laken let one climb into his lap; he liked the hound a lot more than the lambs; the dogs were genuine. They got bored with you, they didn’t act. When they wanted to play, they asked.
“Who cares about who’s in the right? I’m on Oswen’s side because they do right by me. Was hoping you’d do something.”
“Militarily? Economically?”
“Nope. Just agree Oswen’s right. Might tip the scales; they’d thank you.”
“Hm. Well, how many repercussions might that invite?”
