Interlude – Carriages and Conversations
Page 13
Fierre stopped shouting. She dragged herself up, a face full of snot and tears. Ryoka looked at her, and then at the other people in the coach. Karsaeu was mad.
“She uh—she’s really allergic.”
That was the best Ryoka could come up with.
 
—-
 
“I’m really sorry, really. Here. Have another chip. This garlic don’t bother you?”
A while later, the Sister of Chell was offering Fierre another garlic chip. It was a copy of the food she’d brought in—only made by Karsaeu. Fierre took a nibble, shook her head.
“No. Garlic is great! I wish I could eat it—”
“It’s magical food. Not real. I have shellfish all the time I’m in here. I swell up something terrible if I eat the real thing.”
The [Nightstalker] had been properly apologetic and accepted Fierre’s explanation at face value. She waved at the coach.
“Lovely thing, Djinni, aren’t they?”
The Brother and [Assassin] were getting ready for their stop, which was actually the same place. Ryoka glanced at the Sister.
“You know about that?”
“’Course. I want a Djinni myself, but they cost the earth. Even them weak ones.”
The Sister had a nice grin. She waved at the carriage.
“One who can make an entire place like this and make food appear out of her magic, well, that’s something. Don’t eat too many chips now, or she slows down. Takes too much of her.”
Fierre stopped gobbling the garlic-flavored dishes, which she had hither-to never experienced in any fun capacity.
“Takes too much magic?”
“Well, magic, her…”
The Sister of Chell saw the blank looks.
“Djinni are like magic, right? No real bodies. Everything is them. If they makes lightning, it’s out of themselves when they throw it. This is that female Djinni. Tastes alright, doesn’t it?”
Ryoka choked on her food. Fierre tried to swallow and regurgitate at the same time. The [Assassin] grimaced.
“Please stop bullying the new riders.”
It wasn’t really Karsaeu in the same way it was her flesh and blood. But it was real enough to put Ryoka off her feed the rest of the ride. Fierre too. It didn’t feel right, even if the Djinni made her own magic and this was just her power; creating material out of magic. That was how Djinnis fought and the base of their power. Theirs was creation.
It also explained why the Brother had refused to order or eat anything. Ryoka now copied his example, much to the Sister of Chell’s amusement. This was, apparently, a form of twisted affection; she kept trying to trick the two of them into saying where they were from and where they were bound.
People came and went. And the Unmarked Coach travelled on. It stopped at one spot, on its winding journey to Ryoka and Fierre’s destination—one of the last stops because it was so remote.
The Brother and [Trapmaster Assassin] stopped at the same destination, or close enough that they were lumped together. The [Thug] tipped his hat to the [Assassin] as the coach rolled off.
“Best of luck sir, if your target happens to be one as deserves it. If it’s an innocent sort, or a child or so on and so forth, I hope you won’t mind if I wish blasted damnation and failure on you.”
“Not at all. Best of travels to you as well.”
The older [Assassin] saw the Brother off with a nod. The two parted ways, the [Thug] heading for the city. The [Assassin] walked off towards the forest. He vanished out of sight and out of mind moments after leaving the coach.
He found two others among the trees. They had already set up camp. Two Faces of the Assassin’s Guild. Not full-timers like he was. But just as good.
“Evening, Mire. How are the kids?”
