Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 24
“Doombringers. So that lies at the heart of the Gnoll’s fear of white fur, eh? Well, I’ve seen actual bad luck in my Gambler of Fates. She could use up our luck for a month. Cause calamity—or bring great fortune. If a Doombringer brings doom, where is all the good luck?”
Flos Reimarch’s questions had no answer. Not from the Gnoll [Chieftains] he was speaking to. The King of Destruction ran a hand through his hair, frustrated.
“The Meeting of Tribes. I hoped to make it to the last one! And here is another I’ll miss! The Gnoll people of Izril are not familiar to me. I had hoped to gain their aid as I took the battle to Izril. And here they are, gathered. Powerful tribes, eh?”
“Some could match a Walled City’s might, King of Destruction.”
One of the [Shamans] murmured. Flos snapped his fingers.
“Then one of you must return to Izril. Posthaste! Or—send word to your allies! If any would fight for material things like land, or a cause—tell them I would be their ally. A dangerous one, to be sure. But I will give…Medain…to the Gnolls. Yes, and the Claiven Earth once I conquer it. That is a [King]’s promise. Conditional on my victory!”
He laughed. The Gnolls stared at him, but had he not already given them Hellios’ land? Already, they were looking at a castle in progress to defend their home ere he fell. They might have to defend what they had been given.
But that was how it worked. And Chandrar was such a vast place. A tantalizing offer.
 
—-
 
Similarly, Wall Lord Ilvriss was musing about land and Gnolls in the same way. He was going down a list of his holdings with his trusted second, Alrric.
“You’re a City Gnoll, Alrric. But do you think if I signed a contract forfeiting, say, Culondun Forest in perpetuity, it might turn some Gnoll’s heads?”
“If you had the entire forest? It might among some tribes, Wall Lord. But most distrust Drake contracts.”
“Damn.”
Ilvriss had had the same thought Flos Reimarch did. After the disaster on Rhir with the Death of Magic…which was taking more reinforcements away from Izril to fight the Demons, damn it all, he had looked for more powerful allies among Izril.
And thought of Gnolls. The Wall Lord drummed his claws on the table. He had a list of the Tribes, each one with a unique type of warrior at their disposal. The question was—loyalty and motivation. Price was hardly an object.
“Would you consider going to the Meeting of Tribes as my representative, Alrric?”
The Gnoll [Administrator] jumped. He nearly dropped the papers. Ilvriss eyed the curious reaction.
“I—would not be welcome, Wall Lord.”
“Even as a representative of…? No, it’s a silly thought. You’re married. What am I thinking? My apologies.”
“Nothing of it, Wall Lord.”
Alrric exhaled slowly as Ilvriss went back to planning. He wondered where…the Wanderer was right now. Close, he hoped. As for the Meeting of Tribes?
Damn the Meeting of Tribes and Gnolls stroking each other’s tails and talking about their glory days. Alrric only hoped the Wall Lord didn’t reach out to the more radical tribes. If they accepted, it would make his life—and those of his people—a lot harder in Salazsar. The tribes were a shadow of their glorious past, but what race didn’t have their glory days long ago?
They were still dangerous.
 
—-
 
Other groups planned for the Meeting of Tribes. Az’kerash. Wistram. Even the Walled Cities, among other forces, took note of this moment.
A lot could happen there. Niers Astoragon’s students would be present. Representatives hoping to use or coerce the favor of other tribes.
People to trade, learn, or just sell goods. Humble merchants.
