Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 23
He took Kevin’s…Kevin-ness. Just to steal food. They offered Kevin-Worker more of their food, amused and perplexed by the Worker.
The other Antinium watched disapprovingly. This Worker had no morals. Kevin-Worker did it every time. He just sidled over, made the other squads laugh or found ones he’d already ingratiated himself with, and stole food.
That was so wrong. Those poor Liscorians! But Kevin had no morality. He was evil. Crusader 51 folded his arms, feeding his pillbugs some of his rations. Kevin even went back with two links of sausage and handed them out among his squad. He went back to Significant Beavers over breakfast too.
Kevin. How dare he besmirch the real Kevin’s good name?
 
——
 
Kevin-Worker found Significant Beavers in the smoking crater of a [Fireball]. The squad halted as the Antinium wandered out of the chaos.
“Hey…hey guys.”
Utel whirled, raising her bow.
“Who—Kevin?”
“Hey. Mind if I sit down?”
The Antinium sat down without asking, again. He was still smoking. Jordes looked around.
“What happened? Where’s your squad?”
They all looked past Kevin at the crater where the [Fireball] had detonated. Kevin didn’t say anything. He just sat there as Significant Beavers closed ranks around him.
“I’m tired. I’ll just sit here a second, okay?”
Crusader 51’s head was ringing. He saw Significant Beavers clustering around Kevin as Squad 5 picked themselves up. [Fireballs]. Tersk was reporting the location of the [Mage] to Commander Olesm and Maksie, demanding they be taken out…
Kevin just sat there.
“I’m okay, guys. I’ll just sit here. Okay?”
 
——
 
Another bad Antinium was Shelly. This Antinium actually got no less than Scout Leader Maksie involved.
Maksie might have been only a Scout Leader, but she actually had [Aerial Scout] and [Lieutenant] as a class, being from 4th Company. So she had a quasi-rank above her station.
“Why can’t Tersk or Dekass handle it?”
She didn’t like Antinium, but the Squad Leaders with her watching Shelly and his evil criminality shook their heads.
“We can’t talk to them. They’ll execute the Ant buggers or something. Besides, it’s…”
Well. It was embarrassing. Maksie folded her wings as she glared at the Antinium. Then frowned and peered at the group of complaining [Soldiers] and the jingle of coins. And…
Bowls?
Shelly had one trick. Every time they made camp, the Antinium would wander over to the Liscor tents and sit down. He and another Antinium would wave their arms, and Shelly would produce three bowls. He would also place a single coin down.
Sometimes copper, sometimes silver. No gold; he didn’t have gold. [Soldiers] would see. Oh! A shell game!
They’d walk up after some hesitation and ask to play. Shelly would look at them, then wave a coin. One coin to play? No problem…they had some back pay. The [Soldier] would hand it over and get the three bowls in return.
“We have to do it?”
A Drake laughed as Shelly patted his knees. He watched as the Drake, amused, looked around.
“Who’s got the fastest claws? Let’s teach this poor Ant a lesson.”
Shelly didn’t prey on Liscorians who liked him. He chose the ones who didn’t or were greedy. So the Drakes would whisper, and one would put a coin under a bowl.
“Okay, Ant. Watch it closely…”
They were cheating. Maksie’s eyes narrowed. She saw the coin vanish from the first bowl, and a second Drake subtly slid it into the second. So everyone focusing on the middle bowl was wrong. It was the bowl on the right…and you could follow the rotations. The Drake was doing it just slow enough so that Shelly wouldn’t get confused and pick the right one on accident.
