Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 26
Apista was napping on the bench, between two statues. She fanned her wings lightly as Erin laid her eyes on the second statue and gasped. For there was a second young woman. Lyonette paused in confusion, and even Yvlon was dumbfounded.
“Is that…?”
There was barely a soul alive who could even tell if this statue was accurate. That it was here was proof—but only Erin knew for certain who this was.
Gresaria Wellfar looked like she had in the lands of the dead. The younger woman who had lived well, with her husband. Her hair was bright green and brown in Erin’s memory, though the statue only had grey, and Gresaria looked like a [Sailor] as much as a [Lady]. She was mid-laugh, in some kind of argument with the exasperated Maviola.
Two eternal friends and rivals sharing a bench. Erin covered her mouth as her eyes stung.
“Gresaria. And there’s Regein.”
She pointed, and everyone saw a fellow leaning against a tree, hands in his pockets, glancing at the two arguing young women from a respectful distance as he stared into the distance, at peace with the moment. Olesm’s brows rose.
“That’s Regein Wellfar? He’s…young.”
“It’s him. I didn’t realize they were here. Of course they were. There are just…so many.”
Lyonette looked sharply at Erin, and Mrsha stopped bawling long enough to look around. But Erin Solstice’s head turned, and she whispered.
“They’re here. They must all be here.”
Not just the Antinium. Not just the adventurers she had known or Goblins. But if there were so many statues…Erin glanced at Olesm, and he slowly sat down next to Maviola.
“This is the greatest Skill I’ve ever known, Erin. No wonder the world is talking about it. But it’s a painful one to have. I don’t know how any [General] could bear to have it if this is what it did. I’m glad you’re alive. So much has changed since you were dead.”
Slowly, Erin sat down. Olesm rested there in the grass, next to Maviola’s statue.
“What happened, Olesm? I heard you led an army…”
The Drake plucked some grass from the hill top and tossed it into the wind. He shook his head bitterly.
“I led one. And it was a stupid mistake. I got a lot of good people killed because I was a fool. Then Hectval came after us again and again. So I went to war. That was the difference. We’re still at war, Erin. Liscor has a second army, and I intend to take them to Hectval’s gates if we must. Ancestors, I’ll buy trebuchets and bombard the city for a month. If they want peace, they’ll pay for it. Then we’ll see what happens after that. But we’re advancing—slowly. The soldiers are getting a lot of time off. I think they deserve it before we get back to fighting.”
Erin heard him, but she didn’t quite understand. She looked at Olesm.
“But I’m—alive, Olesm. You don’t have to attack their city, right? Didn’t you win?”
He glanced at her.
“We won a few battles, but Manus intervened. They killed a lot of Antinium, Erin. And Drakes and Gnolls and Humans. Manus withdrew, but Hectval’s stupid alliance won’t quit. They’ll just attack or raid us. I will have a magical contract enforcing peace or I’ll ruin Hectval.”
“But I—”
“It’s not about you, it’s about everyone. They killed Maviola.”
Olesm gently touched the statue. Then Erin looked at him and saw a familiar look in his eyes. Not cold decisiveness. Not the impartiality of some kind of monster. Even Chaldion didn’t really look like that.
