Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 34
Thwoom. The ship shook. Wil and the [Pirates] whirled. Three Storm Ships had docked.
“For Lord Seagrass!”
Hundreds of [Sailors] poured over the railings. Rasea grimaced.
“Well, well. Merchant Seagrass brought his trading fleet. Back up!”
Another impact. Two Drowned Vessels. Therrium strode onto the deck, eyes blazing.
“Get. Me. Those. Swords!”
The Drowned Crews and [Sailors] hit each other in a melee. Rasea looked towards Wil and Captain Lasc’s crew, a shrinking knot in the center of the fighting. She eyed Fetohep, defending his treasure. Her eyes…slowly passed over the diamond swords.
“Cap’n? Are we going in?”
The Oldblood Drake hacked apart a Drowned Woman. Rasea looked at her crew. A Centaur with a pair of crossbows calmly shot two [Sailors]. The Illuminary’s crew was waiting.
“Huh. You know, lads. I just had a thought.”
The [Pirates] groaned and grinned. Captain Rasea eyed the diamond swords.
“Back to the ship. Now!”
They dove over the railings, taking themselves out of the fight. Rasea swam like a fish towards her ship; she grabbed the line and was flung onto the deck.
“Captain? Too hairy for you?”
The Gnoll [Helmsman] laughed in disbelief. Rasea just grinned in reply. She pointed.
“Take us out of the melee. Get me to the Bloodtear’s ships. Over there!”
They were sinking two Drowned Vessels; giant holes had been taken out of the Drowned Vessels and the crews were swimming to other friendly ships. The Bloodtear Pirate group, eight ships in total was pulling back.
Seagrass’ navy was on the advance. And the Undersea Crews and [Pirates] were still outnumbered by them. It was Prince Khedal and the Minotaurs who were taking on the ships on The Emerald Signet’s starboard side. They cut through the [Sailors]. And only Therrium and the other Drowned Folk were keeping the battle equal on The Emerald Signet.
The Illuminary shot towards the Bloodtear Pirate’s ship. They saw the famed [Pirate] ship coming and the Bloodtear Pirates began aiming spells.
“Hey! Hold!”
Captain Rasea bellowed. Her ballistae were aiming at the lead ship. But she hadn’t fired. Yet.
The Captain of the Bloodtear Pirates hesitated. He met the shining gaze of the woman and held up a hand.
“No one attack! Yet.”
Rasea strode up the gangplank. She wasted no time.
“Hey, Bloodtear’s Lot. I had a thought. We’re all going after that damn treasure. But the way it’s looking, only one of us is going to get it. And there’s a treasure worth more than even the Swords of Serept or whatever. Waiting to be claimed.”
“A bigger treasure? Which is?”
The Bloodtear Captain looked incredulous. For an answer, Rasea pointed. The Bloodtear Crew turned their heads. And Rasea the Shining grinned.
Lord Seagrass’ command ship floated in the middle of his navy. The Bloodtear Captain looked at Rasea. And her eyes blazed.
“Merchant Seagrass himself. Why are we wasting time on swords? You with me? If you are—spread the word.”
The Bloodtear Pirates looked at each other. And then they grinned.
 
—-
 
The navy of ships began turning. [Pirate] vessels and Drowned Ships broke away from The Emerald Signet. Wil didn’t know why at first.
Nor did the others. Lord Seagrass turned his head, spotting the ships moving in concert. Thirty in total, Undersea Crews, [Pirates]—but they weren’t fighting each other.
“What are they doing?”
His eyes narrowed. But then he saw. The ships were turning. Coming his way. The [Stormlord] saw a glowing ship leading the charge.
“Admiral Seagrass! The Illuminary is coming about!”
“Send forward all ships!”
