Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 34
Azam had stopped. Pisces stood there, trapped twice over. Now, he looked at Riqre. He imagined plucking out the man’s eyes, striking him in the face, the groin—and his body refused to move.
“Why did you free me?”
“So you could fix Meritha! Of course!”
Riqre instantly turned, all attention on the [Slave]. Sweat stood out on Meritha’s forehead, but the [Slave] had been numbed, and she lay there, shattered knee oozing blood. Pisces looked at Riqre. Then he understood.
“With…with my magic?”
“I know [Necromancers] cannot affect bodies from afar. Unless they touch them. Unless the patient is willing. Meritha, you would like to be healed, wouldn’t you?”
“To serve you, Emir? Yes.”
The young woman gave Pisces a look of trepidation, but also desperation. Pisces stood there. Riqre knelt beside Meritha, taking the young woman’s arm. Then he sighed.
“…Both legs. I forget myself.”
It was fast. The [Slave], for all the obsession, still cried out as the hammer fell. Yet not once did the half-Elf try to dodge. She lay there, crippled, as Pisces stood there.
“Pisces. I beg you. Fix my beloved Meritha.”
Riqre fell to his knees and turned to Pisces. The [Necromancer] looked at him.
“Me? Why?”
Riqre blinked.
“Because you can. Because you are an adventurer, and I have heard, a brave one who fights for those in need. Meritha is in need. Is that not enough? Fine then. Because, Pisces Jealnet. You will level.”
He gestured at Meritha. Pisces looked at the broken bones, the [Slave] waiting patiently as others held her, giving her water and applying more numbing cream around the leg. He understood, then.
“Few [Necromancers] have a chance to work on the living, you see, Igheriz. They are experts at bone-manipulation, though.”
Suddenly Riqre was the [Teacher] to [Students], striding excitedly to the [Slave Masters], who were watching with a kind of fascinated horror. More fascination than horror, Pisces noted.
“You want me to heal this woman? You’d trust me?”
He demanded, still shocked, outraged. Riqre looked back.
“My trust in you, Pisces, is not just blind faith. I know you can do it. Haven’t you ever fixed a bone? We of Roshal know how [Necromancers] are experts at melding bone. Even [Healers] study their arts to learn to treat it—those who are free of Terandria’s idiocy, that is.”
What madness. What…Riqre said things Pisces agreed with. Which were true. He knew Pisces’ class, and wanted Pisces to level.
The [Necromancer] didn’t move.
“What if I refuse?”
Meritha looked at him, and Pisces could barely meet her gaze. Riqre heaved a heavy sigh.
“Then Meritha would be crippled for life, Pisces. I would be distraught. I would not live with myself but to replace her limbs with fine magical ones. You see, I would be in despair that you refused to cooperate. Then I would break both his legs and not let you heal him, either.”
He pointed at Shein. The adventurer turned even whiter. Pisces and Riqre traded looks. The Emir smiled.
“So?”
 
—-
 
That was how Pisces found himself kneeling on the ground, mending bone. It was familiar. The ivory moved, the marrow shifted—and Meritha whimpered, despite the numbing.
It was familiar. Pisces recalled…
“The bone’s broken. Stop squirming!”
Gewilena was mending the bones of one of the new apprentices to the cabal, as she was the best. The idiot had tripped trying to pick mushrooms on a hill! Still, [Necromancers] feared no broken bones. Unless someone squirmed.
“It’s healing potions that we have to worry about. And infection. Even so, don’t you see what an asset we can be? If only they tolerated us.”
