Interlude – Niers
Page 3
The Squirrel Beastkin didn’t look too disappointed. Because she already had a normal-sized chessboard and was piling up the chess pieces to make her own tower. Niers eyed it balefully but let it go. For now.
“I just don’t know what they were doing. They had to know I’d see what was happening. Right? Or they’d do this with another chess board. Unless they’re too poor to—no, they’d have sold the magical chessboard. This is a message. It must be. But what? It could be a code, but it was too fast for me to decipher. Or just a display of abilities? Maybe…”
Foliana paused in piling up a rook on top of her very tall tower of chess pieces.
“Mm. You should stop.”
“Stop? Stop what?”
“Pacing. And acting lovesick.”
She looked at Niers. He was indeed pacing around the magical chessboard, which was tiny compared to the duplicate he’d had made and sent across the world to his mysterious opponent. Niers stopped pacing.
“I’m not lovesick.”
“Yes you are. This is bad. Worse than the time you travelled to Terandria. Remember?”
Niers gritted his teeth and colored.
“I’d rather not.”
“It was when you thought there was a [Lady]. Mm. Who was a strategic genius. Remember?”
“Yes. Please stop talking.”
“And it turned out it was the Lord of the Dance instead?”
The Titan turned beet red and shouted.
“How was I supposed to know it was him? He never mentioned his name! And the stationary he sent me was perfumed!”
“Mhm. You were lovesick then too. You had flowers.”
Niers Astoragon had made his enemies weep. He’d broken armies with nothing more than a quill and ink and a bit of bark to write on. He’d defeated one of the King of Destruction’s Seven and fought other Great Companies. But only Foliana could make him cover his eyes in sheer embarrassment.
“It was a mistake. And this isn’t the same.”
“Really?”
For a second Niers contemplated going over to kick Foliana’s bowl of spaghetti into her lap. He looked up sharply and saw Foliana’s tri-color stare looking right back. That was the last thing many people saw. And Niers’ anger slowly subsided. Because Foliana didn’t look like she was making a joke.
“Go on.”
The Squirrel-woman nodded. She slurped down a noodle and balanced a pawn at the top of her tower, which was several times Niers’ height. The magical chessboard’s tower kept falling over due to poor structural design.
“You used to play chess with your mysterious mage friend from Wistram. You were lovesick. Or obsessed. Mm. Close enough.”
Niers scowled darkly.
“I stopped that.”
“Yes. After you found out it was half the mages in Wistram working together to play you.”
“It was fairly obvious after all the gossip started. Mages can’t keep their mouths shut. What’s your point?”
“You could have kept going. But you stopped. Because it wasn’t one person.”
“No. It wasn’t. I thought it was Archmage Feor. He played the first few games, but he’s not at my level. Not without using predictive magics and boosting his mind, I think. It could have been another of the Archmages…so what?”
“You’re lonely.”
Foliana’s words made Niers pause. Then he shook his head.
“No I’m not.”
“Yes you are.”
“I’m not, Foliana. I live in a citadel filled with people. I meet people all the time.”
“Subordinates. Other people. Not [Strategists]. Doesn’t matter. You’re lonely. No one you meet is as good as you.”
“At chess? That’s not—”
“At anything you do.”
Niers fell silent. He stroked his beard silently, and Foliana went on. Her eyes were focused as she stared at Niers around the chess tower.
