Interlude – Conversations
Page 15
A skeleton scuttled away with a baked apple as Belavierr came close. Damned [Witches]. A skeleton couldn’t even sit around a fire and bake apples for his friend slime without….grumble grumble…
Belavierr glanced at Toren, but her attention was on the pieces of paper.
“What are you burning?”
She was too direct. Az’kerash sighed, but proffered one of the pieces of paper.
“…An approximately hundred-page plan with as many steps and options for fostering conflict between Gnollish tribes and the Drake cities.”
“Ah.”
The [Witch] discarded the piece of paper. She watched Az’kerash burn more pages, faster now that she was here and the ceremony of the moment was less enjoyable. Az’kerash felt motivated to speak after six minutes.
“I had designed the plans during my recuperation. Far before the Raskghar or these latest developments.”
“I see. Is your agent, Kerash, following these plans?”
“He is adapting.”
The [Witch] stared at the fire. She looked at Az’kerash.
“I have found that plans of that nature go awry. Especially if laid too many centuries in advance.”
He bowed, stiffly.
“I will bear it in mind for the future, Witch Belavierr.”
“Ah. Yes. I had forgotten you were new.”
Az’kerash sighed. He waved a finger and the rest of the pages ignited in one moment, swirling into the fire before extinguishing themselves. He inclined his head to her.
“Until later, Belavierr.”
She made no response. Az’kerash returned to his lair.
Long laid plans set up in literal flames. And yet—everything had changed. He went back to checking on Pisces’ position. Oh. The next part of the documentary had aired.
It was a strange confluence of circumstances. Az’kerash remembered designing the plans, to take advantage of the bloodbath. But that was not the Necromancer of now. Now, his undead levelled. His Chosen, his alliance with the Stitch Witch…
And, of course, among the limited aid he could give to an…ally? No, apprentice? A worthy [Necromancer], if only starting out, and a debt he was finding alarmingly difficult to fulfil was this:
“Erin Solstice.”
“That’s me! Hey, don’t wear it out. I’m Erin. Hi.”
A zombie lurched past Az’kerash. He pinched the bridge of his nose. Then he went to consult his notes.
“Belavierr. Will you consult with me?”
She was there in a moment. The Stitch Witch eyed the zombie, who stuck out her hand.
“I’m—”
The zombie hesitated, then lurched off to stand by a wall, dead silent. Belavierr walked forwards.
“Interesting. This was not part of our agreement.”
“Must we renegotiate on the basis of limited magical discussion?”
Belavierr tilted her head.
“If you wish.”
“I do not wish for that.”
“Ah. Then I shall consider it…a gesture of respect.”
The Stitch Witch walked forwards. Az’kerash turned. He did not have to speak, exactly. She saw multiple stages of his investigation, and regarded them, frowning.
“Fetohep of Khelt. Frost magic. Regeneration magic.”
“Do you have a reagent capable of mimicking ethereal effects in alchemy?”
Belavierr blinked at the complex spells. She tilted her head, left and right.
“Not one of the items listed.”
“Ah.”
Even she didn’t have…the Necromancer turned as the Stitch Witch produced something.
“Do you wish to use this?”
A long, semi-transparent thread on a single spool. The Necromancer eyed it.
“What use would that have?”
The Stitch Witch blinked at him, her ringed eyes shifting a bit.
“Dealing with spectres. This…soul. You know you must retrieve it?”
The Necromancer sighed.
