Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 10
However—Ryoka also guessed that Tyrion’s loss of levels was a reason his House wanted him away from nosy appraisal Skills. He was warded with the best magic they had, but that couldn’t hide the fact that he’d lost countless levels—even his old class.
That Tyrion had told her was shocking. And another sign of his bad judgment abilities. Ryoka was on deck as First Landing came into sight. There she stood, as Buscrei waved a final time and loosed a magical arrow into the air in the half-Elves’ direction. The faint explosion and glittering colors made Ryoka start.
“Courier Griffin. Do you have need of…?”
Someone appeared like magic and offered her a towel in case the ocean air and spray had gotten her wet. Ryoka glanced at the livery of someone from House Veltras and looked around.
“Oh. I, uh—thank you.”
She scrubbed at her hair and the seawater. She was going to drape the towel around her neck until she realized that she could hand the towel back. The servant bowed and backed away, and Ryoka almost went flying after the half-Elves to beg them to take her with them, slower journey or not.
Here she was again. House Veltras surrounded her, and the servants treated her like a guest or worse—as a member of the nobility. She had almost forgotten what she’d been so worried about.
This time, do it better, Ryoka. Just—a bit better? Please? 
If she went two months without killing someone, she’d call it a win. Ryoka leaned on the railing and tried to exhale. But no sooner had she leaned there than someone strode up.
Tyrion Veltras was not a man who had a casual stroll. He strode like someone who did not want to waste a second getting from point A to point B. He came to a halt at the railing, and Lord Pellmia Quellae covered his face.
Tyrion had no tactical approach. But he was doing his best, and amazingly, Ryoka didn’t jump into the sea to avoid him. She owed him far more than that.
“I almost feared you would land on the half-Elves’ ships and sail to Baleros. Or the new lands of Izril. I would have had to spend another month in pursuit.”
Ryoka almost choked as she began to take a sip of water. She looked at Tyrion.
“I wouldn’t do that! I was just saying hello to them.”
As mentioned—as he was famously depicted in most images or even verbal accounts—Lord Tyrion Veltras was like a statue. Straight-faced, his beard usually trimmed to exacting fineness, and almost always wearing armor, or, as now, the green and whites of House Veltras. ‘Casual’ clothing looked like old military-style attire on him.
Ryoka, by contrast, had the Runner’s loose clothing, bare feet like a lot of House Wellfar on deck, actually, and a belt festooned with pouches and tools of the trade, not least of which was the Faeblade.
They cut an odd duo, especially given their personalities. Well, they were closer in height, which was one similarity. Their ability to insert their own feet into their mouths was another striking commonality. Tyrion Veltras hesitated with Ryoka’s reply. He glanced at her and then stared at the city coming into view, a massive harbor flanked by two gigantic gates emblazoned with five seals of each noble house.
First Landing. Tyrion had seen it—Ryoka had not. She stared at the massive city, the largest in the north, as he responded.
“…That was a joke. My attempt to be humorous.”
“Oh.”
“I can see it has failed. Comedy is not my forte.”
Ryoka heard a snorting sound from the side. You wouldn’t know that to see Buscrei’s red face as she laughed into her arm.
