Interlude – Foliana
Page 12
Peclir Im, the [Chamberlain] to the citadel, looked resigned. Perorn, also known as Perorn Sadiluc, Fleethoof and one of the best [Strategists] in the company outside of Niers himself, was furious. She glared at both leaders of the company, but her ire was reserved for one of them alone.
“Lady Foliana—no, Niers. Why did you decide to make Lady Foliana’s presence an issue? Much less call in a full alarm? There are dozens of alerts spreading at this moment! Peclir—”
“I will issue an immediate explanation. However, some of the officers may insist on personally ensuring the all-clear is not a ruse…”
“What? Why is it my fault? Foliana has been harassing my students all throughout my lesson—”
Niers blinked as Perorn poked a finger at him. The Centauress bent and glared at the Titan balanced on Venaz’ palm.
“You knew full well that Lady Foliana would remain hidden. Instead, you decided to alarm your students and issue a full alert!”
The Titan spluttered indignantly.
“That was Feshi! Which, let’s be fair, was excellent work from her! I decided to turn Foliana into an exercise! And we can observe how fast our company reacts to alarms—”
“Don’t make excuses! I don’t care what silly issues you have with Lady Foliana. This is unacceptable, Niers.”
“She stole my comb! Which—I grant you isn’t proportional to this—er—”
The Titan wore a rare look of chagrin as Perorn chewed him out for five minutes. Foliana had vanished again. Venaz kept feeling at his horns warily with his other hand and looking around. Both Perorn and Niers were watching Foliana, though, as she nibbled on some grapes in more or less the same spot. At last, Perorn turned to her.
“Lady Foliana.”
Foliana appeared next to Perorn. The Squirrel-woman paused and waved slightly at the Centauress.
“Perorn. Mm. Hello.”
The Centauress smiled slightly. She inclined her head to Foliana.
“I apologize on behalf of Lord Astoragon’s behavior.”
“Me? But she’s the one lurking around in my class!”
Perorn shot Niers a look. Then she hesitated and turned to Foliana.
“Which she’s done before now. Although—Lady Foliana, may I request that our students study uninterrupted?”
The Squirrel-woman hesitated. Foliana grudgingly nibbled on a grape.
“Maybe. How’d they know I was there?”
She blinked at Venaz. Niers rolled his eyes.
“I alerted them, of course.”
“How?”
“Secretly.”
Foliana paused.
“Makes sense. How?”
Perorn sighed. She rubbed at her forehead and turned around.
“Enough. I’m going to reassure half our [Commanders] that we’re not under attack. Lady Foliana, a good morning to you. Lord Astoragon.”
She trotted off. Niers glowered after Perorn. Foliana smiled and addressed Venaz, who was watching her warily.
“She likes me more than him. Mm. Grape?”
“No thank you, er, Lady Stalker.”
The Minotaur bowed stiffly. He was very ill-at-ease around Foliana. Most people were. Niers sighed.
“Well, back inside. Let’s explain what happened, shall we? Foliana, please don’t vanish until after I finish my explanation. Then stay out of my classroom and you can keep the comb. Deal?”
“Deal.”
Foliana followed Niers and Venaz back inside the classroom. The students stared at her with wide-eyes. And not like they looked at Niers. He was famous, but he was also a renowned figure, known, celebrated. But Foliana was the shadow of the Titan’s legend. Few of them had seen her, even after years of staying at the academy.
And they knew what she did. Every eye focused on the grapes Foliana was holding. Niers sighed as he took his place on the lectern.
