Interlude – Meetings and Friendships
Page 18
He was so light he could leap across the ballroom and touch the ceiling. He was fast—
And he carried the rapier. The Necromancer smiled.
“Devail.”
“Creator, I have studied the books. The style of Albezian war mages. Am I to learn to fight?”
“Yes. I will duel you in that fashion. My Chosen—Devail will practice with me. Reflect on your failures. Think of—”
Az’kerash, distracted, turned to his Chosen and they did not miss his exasperation.
“Think of what you currently lack. Emulate Toren. Devail, to me.”
And the Necromancer drew his rapier, the one he had begun to carry. The new Chosen moved forwards, gliding to practice with his creator. He was a [Fencer] already. Still low-level, barely created.
The first of many. Belavierr watched with interest. Her head turned to follow the four Chosen as they left. Az’kerash dueled Devail as the undead attacked with a speed and ferocity other species could never match. An agility too—he could reconfigure his body in any number of ways.
He would become the ultimate fencer. But right now he had to learn the styles—and then adapt. He was simple—for now.
The Necromancer was no expert in creating minds. Just bodies. That was his weakness for now. But he was experimenting, trying to teach.
And he had brought an expert here. Offered her lodging. So far, Belavierr had been content to watch. But she had come because for her assistance with his Chosen, with his projects—
Az’kerash had promised to give her one of his new undead. So the Stitch Witch waited. Her plans were inscrutable for now. But she smiled.
She had said one thing. And the effects bore themselves out in the angry Chosen.
 
—-
 
Toren the Skeleton heard the angry tromp of Venitra’s body echoing. He dropped the broom he’d made and ran. He ran fast, arms and legs pumping.
It didn’t matter. They caught him in moments.
“Worthless skeleton!”
Venitra grabbed Toren and smashed the smaller skeleton into a wall. His bones went flying. Ijvani conjured fire. Bea hit him with her fists. There was less the Plague Zombie could do to Toren, but she kicked his skull.
Kerash slashed the skeleton’s bones. The Chosen watched as the skeleton slowly—slowly reformed himself. Without the magical Archmage’s bones, it was slow. Difficult. The first time he had been broken, Toren had nearly died in truth.
But he had lived. Now—the skeleton reformed himself and Venitra raised a foot.
“We are more than you.”
She stomped and the ribcage broke. The Chosen attacked again, viciously venting frustration. Only when Toren was close to losing all the mana he’d gathered did they leave him.
If he ‘died’, their master would be furious. Indeed, Ijvani made sure Az’kerash was fully occupied. He would have been wrathful—if he knew what they did. Or if Toren told him.
But the skeleton was too afraid to. The Chosen left him to pull himself together, mend his powdered bones. Toren couldn’t with a number of bones. So he dragged himself down the corridor until he found one of the storage rooms.
Femur, femur—Toren grabbed a femur and replaced it. Now he had a working leg. Then two. The skeleton clumsily reassembled himself.
Then he went to hide before they found him again. The Chosen were always in a bad mood after their failures. And oh boy did they fail. The only thing that would make them angrier was if Az’kerash asked Toren to demonstrate how to fight Belavierr. Like, for instance, trying to blow her up with bags of flour. Toren had done that once. Shortly after that, the Chosen’s bullying had begun.
