Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 9
The Drake toyed with his fork. He felt a hot flash in his chest and smiled at Erin.
“Oh, you know Chaldion. Everything’s a war for him. There were only a few thousand [Guards] and [Soldiers] kicking people’s teeth in. Literally. I sold a few teeth-regrowing potions. Broken bones—I think they beat a few children—excuse me, troublemakers—unconscious. But that’s Chaldion! You should ask him about it.”
Erin’s face went still. She saw Saliss eating the food he didn’t really taste.
“I will. He…ordered that?”
He winked at her.
“Everything to keep law and order, right? Hey, this is great, by the way.”
The Drake gobbled at his food, but the [Innkeeper] wasn’t fooled. In a way, they were too much alike. Erin watched Saliss eat for a second.
“Think I should kick Chaldion in the butt when he comes into the inn? Nah, I’d probably break his tail or something. How about I beat him ten times in a row at chess? I can do it. He’s not as good as he thinks he is, Skills or not.”
The [Alchemist] looked up. He blinked at Erin and then he guffawed. Saliss slapped at his knee as Mrsha began to giggle. He must have laughed for at least a minute because everyone saw him on the ground, rolling around with the box. When Saliss finally got up, he was actually smiling.
“Would you? Can you do that?”
The [Innkeeper] just grinned at Saliss and winked back.
“I can probably do twenty. If I really put him off his game. How about this? Um…okay, I can challenge him to speed-chess, which he’s bad at. His [Path to Victory] helps, but he can’t keep using it in game after game. And I can win even if he sees one path. But once I beat him four times, you can like, I dunno, run up behind me and start waving a sign and counting how many times he loses, see…”
He laughed and didn’t know he needed that until he did. Erin sat with Saliss. After the laugher, she asked.
“How bad was it, really?”
Thoughtfully, Saliss looked at her. He had resolved not to complain. But with Erin…the Drake wavered. Still, he shook his head. Onieva was his secret. And he trusted almost no one with it.
“I—didn’t see much of it. I was in my laboratory, making potions. Those faerie flowers are giving me lots of trouble, by the way.”
“Oh?”
“Yeah. Xif doesn’t have any to experiment on except the one, but…well…he said the same thing. They’re magically potent, but I feel like I’m missing something. Something about their natures. It’s just a hunch, but mind telling me how you got them?”
“Er. Yes?”
Saliss sighed. But he had expected that. He was about to ask Erin about these Humans [Lords] when someone called Erin’s name.
“Erin Solstice. You have a lesson to learn! Stop having breakfast and come on!”
Maviola had been waiting in Erin’s room the entire time Erin had gone down to persuade Saliss to box his genitalia. Now, she came downstairs. Erin stood up.
“I’m sorry, Maviola! I forgot! Saliss, I have to go.”
“That’s fine. Just promise me you’ll make Chaldion cr—”
Saliss spotted the fiery-haired young woman. She didn’t notice him; she was haranguing Erin. The Drake [Alchemist] stabbed himself in the mouth with his fork. His eyes bulged.
Maviola?
The fire burnt away day by day. But how beautifully it died.
 
—-
 
Mrsha ate her soufflé. It was fluffy and delicious. She was thus in the best of moods as her minder for the day arrived.
“Sorry I’m late. Visma’s family wanted to walk her to the door. And I forgot it was moved to right next to the Adventurer’s Guild. I mean, it’s closer, but I went the wrong way…here they are! Mrsha! Ekirra and Visma are here!”
