Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 29
The Drake began to stand, but one of the [Mages] shouted.
“Stay still, you are about to teleport, you idiot!”
Saliss didn’t get up. But he called out to Group Two and Sixswords.
“Hey Sixswords? You’re an idiot.”
The Named Adventurer swung around. Saliss pointed at the second group.
“The Black Tide comes for us? We’re on a stealth mission. We’re casting one spell and running away. We’re not heroes. You know what the difference between us is? I’d run over the border naked if they asked me. You need a bunch of teams backing you up. If you want to be a real Named-rank, why don’t you walk through the Bloodfields a few t—”
They winked out of existence as the first [Long-range Teleportation] spell activated. The [Mages] staggered, and began casting the second.
In the unpleasant silence that followed, someone whistled under their breath. They’d heard Saliss could be annoying, but not tetchy. What crawled under his scales?
Then the second group teleported out. And the mission began.
 
—-
 
Chaldion, [Grand Strategist] of Pallass, was monitoring the events as they unfolded in real-time. They had [Scrying] spells, after all, and unlike most modern enemies, their foes were magically deficient. It should have been ridiculously easy to win against a foe that couldn’t resist a basic [Sleep] spell.
But the Antinium—you didn’t underestimate them. The Drake watched as both groups appeared in flashes of light. And he knew their progress was being monitored.
“All six Walled Cities are online in real-time communication. Manus, you have speech.”
A voice was speaking in the background. Fissival was in charge of the magical communications network. Chaldion listened as a female voice replied.
“Both teams are in position. Distraction commencing. No irregularities so far aside from minor time delay.”
That was Dragonspeaker Luciva herself. Chaldion smiled. She would not normally be in charge of reporting the call. But any good operation had multiple outcomes.
In this case—they were testing the strength of their inter-city communications as well as the information Wistram had provided. How much could the Academy ‘hear’? How good was their intelligence?
Yet that was secondary to the action below. Chaldion was watching.
Saliss of Lights, Mivifa the Oldblood of Feathers, and Shriekblade had spread out. They were casting and however the [Alchemist] had been behaving—he’d teleported in on his back—he was all business now.
It was just a triangle, backs to each other, spread out as the [Earthquake] scrolls activated. Saliss was ready to throw potions, Mivifa and Feathi were ready to take to the skies—to evacuate both Named Ranks if need be. As for Shriekblade—she had her daggers out and was crouched.
Three Named Ranks. And on the other orb, Chaldion saw the diversion beginning.
“Set up trap spells! [Tremor]!”
One of the [Mages] cast a lesser spell by striking the ground with his staff. A second Gold-rank produced a custom-made chest and opened it—tipping the contents into one of the Antinium’s covert entrances.
Tonnes of water spilled outwards in a second. The custom-made Chest of Holding was filled with seawater. Meanwhile, the other [Mages] and [Archers] began bombarding the ground with explosive spells and munitions. They were trying to grab the Antinium’s attention from the Grand Hive—
And it worked. Within less than a minute, the first Soldier appeared. It charged out of the tunnels, the first of hundreds.
An arrow blew it to bits. Chaldion watched as the report came in, with barely a second’s delay.
“Contact. Soldiers are emerging.”
