Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 36
“Yep. Barehanded. Don’t worry, the cows are used to it. I think they enjoy it; the new warriors seldom win. Once you’ve met a cow who blinds you with a hoof, rolls over you, or kicks you with both hooves, you learn you’re not invincible. Good training—terrible for milking. Where were we?”
“Doombringer stories?”
The [Wild Shaman] grunted.
“Oh, those? I don’t tell them.”
“What, not at all? I thought Wild Wastes’ [Shamans] were…um, traditional?”
The Gnoll shrugged.
“We are. I just don’t tell those stories. Or Raskghar stories unless I have a mixed audience. Retellings are for the clan, right?”
“Right.”
“Well, Doombringer and Raskghar stories scare little cubs. They have enough to watch out for from real monsters without wetting themselves at night thinking a Doombringer is going to wipe out the tribe.”
“Oh. That’s…”
Actually sensible. The [Wild Shaman] obliged her by retelling the stories anyways, and Satar frowned at her journal.
Something was off.
Maybe it was just this tribe…but Satar’s instincts as a [Storyteller] told her she was onto something. She was halfway towards the third [Shaman] when someone appeared behind her.
“So you’re investigating Mri’s past. You’re helping. I see that. I don’t have to hit you. Good. Is that milk?”
Satar spun around and saw someone’s lower chest. Gireulashia loomed over her, and Satar’s mouth went dry.
“Honored Gire!”
“Is that milk?”
Satar was holding a jug of milk the [Shaman] had gifted her. She had intended it as a gift for the next [Shaman] she met, but Gire licked her lips, and Satar handed it to her. The Gnoll [Paragon] happily began drinking it.
“Yum. So good.”
It was practically a normal bottle in her paws. Satar was still wondering how a nine-foot-tall Gnoll girl snuck up on you, but that was Ekhtouch. And Gire was a [Paragon].
One of her Skills was literally called [Superiority Made Manifest]. Another was [Perfect Basic Action]. If it sounded arrogant to say she could do anything…Satar had seen it. One of Silverfang’s best [Archers] had tried to beat Gire in an archery competition. She had split his arrows three times, then hit the target blindfolded without using her Skills when he conceded.
“Did you follow me, Honored Gire?”
The [Paragon] lowered the bottle; she was sipping rather than wasting the milk, but greedily, savoring it. Satar had heard she wasn’t allowed to eat anything not on her diet; the [Paragon] seemed good at getting around that restriction of late.
“Yes. You can call me Gire since you’re on Mri’s side. I thought you were going to tell someone, but you’re gathering stories about them, aren’t you? Doombringers.”
“How did you…?”
Did she overhear Satar? Gire looked at the [Shaman].
“I listened to you, and I figured out what you were doing. It’s not hard. Secretive people act secretive. They tense up. When people lie, they move their eyes up and to the right. It’s simple.”
It was to her, but Satar was amazed nonetheless. The [Paragon] crouched down.
“I’m glad you’re helping. What are you looking for? Truth in stories? Lies?”
“Um…something. I—where’s Mri?”
“She’s writing to her penpal. She’s sad, so I left her be.”
Of all the things she would expect Mrsha to do, something as mundane as writing to a penpal was the last thing Satar expected.
“She has a penpal? Who?”
Gire took another big sip from her cup and shrugged nonchalantly.
“I don’t know who it is. Mri says it’s ‘a funny old guy’. Which to her means anyone over thirty. She’s occupied, is the point. I’ll help you search if you want. That old [Shaman] was boring.”
