Interlude – Bird
Page 5
She began talking. Telling Bird stories, some real, some made up, all told to her during her childhood and as she’d swapped tales as adventurers. It was strange. Bevussa had never met anyone else on the ground who loved tales of the sky as she did, but in Bird she found a greater fascination than even she had.
The Worker practically leaned over the table, drinking in every word she spoke. And when Bevussa’s throat ran dry, there was Erin at last with a dark lager and several bruises. Bevussa spoke for minutes, and then nearly two hours before she had to sit back.
“Whew.”
“And? And? What bird is next?”
Bird bounced excitedly in his chair. Bevussa looked around. Erin was cleaning up her mess behind the counter. The Garuda coughed. Her mug was long empty.
“I’m a bit tired, Bird. Maybe let’s hold off on more stories? Hey Erin, can I get a refill?”
She waved her mug. Erin turned.
“Coming! Damn, where did I put the lager barrel? Uh oh, I’m getting déjà vu!”
Bird looked crestfallen. Bevussa felt bad, but she told herself not to fall for the Antinium’s disappointment. That was how he’d gotten the last fifteen tales out of her.
“I can always tell you a story later, Bird. And I’m sure the other adventurers have a few tales.”
“But you are an expert.”
“Because I have wings? Well yeah—”
“No, because you are a bird.”
Bevussa paused. She stared at Bird and checked out her blue and green plumage.
“Well, I guess if you want to be technical about it, Garuda are bird people. But uh…we’re not birds.”
It was actually a sore point with Bevussa. She’d been teased growing up and her species as a whole got too many bad bird jokes to count. No Garuda liked being called a bird. But Bird the Worker only cocked his head.
“But Miss Bevussa, you have wings.”
“Yeah.”
“And you fly.”
“Yeah, but—”
“Does that not make you a bird?”
Bevussa’s eyelid twitched. She took a few breaths.
“There’s more to flying and wings, Bird. Or rather, there’s a difference between—look, Garuda aren’t birds. We’re people! We’re not birds, just like a bat isn’t a bird.”
The Antinium digested that for a moment.
“Bats aren’t birds?”
“No!”
“Why not? They have wings. And they fly.”
“Yeah, but—what about the moths?”
“The moth-birds?”
Bevussa stared at Bird. He stared back with purest certainty in his eyes. Bevussa scrubbed a talon through her feathers and then looked at Erin.
“Make that two lagers, Erin!”
“You got it! I think. It’ll be there eventually!”
“Great.”
Bevussa turned back to Bird, shaking her head. Erin was a good [Innkeeper]—probably the best one around Liscor, although she’d be in trouble if she moved to Pallass and ran up against some of the good ones there. Still, she was friendly, helpful, and she had a magic door. But her knowledge of alcohol was distressing. She looked at Bird.
“You want anything? It’s my treat.”
“No, I am fine, thank you.”
Bird shook his head. As he did, he shifted and Bevussa saw that he was still holding all of the goose feathers in his four hands. She had to point at them.
“Are you still holding those? What are they for, anyways?”
“For trading. I thought I could trade them.”
“To who?”
Bird pointed at Bevussa.
“You.”
The Garuda paused.
“For what?”
“Feathers.”
“Feath—”
And then Bevussa realized what Bird meant. She stared at her brilliant feathers and then looked at the broken and worn feathers he held. She wanted to laugh. But then she noticed how Bird looked at her feathers.
“You really like my feathers that much?”
“They are beautiful. I would trade all my pillows for one feather.”
