Interlude – Rufel
Page 1
“That was the intent. Along with the addition of other unique elements in order to create a drink unlike any other. I will see to removing the venom and reducing the strength again. Now, how would you price such a drink?”
“Well…given that the Antinium made it, I somehow doubt it’ll sell well. But if I were putting it out as a curio, I could see…”
Rufelt leaned on his bar as the world slowly stopped trying to turn upside down and carry him with it. Klbkch sat across from him, nodding, taking notes. The Wandering Inn bustled around the two as Lasica took two sips from the Rxlvn and promptly decided that was enough.
“I’ll keep it with my other alcohols today. But I can’t promise I’ll sell much of it. Or any. I will let you know how I do, Guardsman Klbkch.”
The Antinium nodded as Rufelt carefully placed the…container of Rxlvn on the shelf behind him. Rufelt had set up this morning and the bright and colorful jars and containers were attracting a lot of attention from the inn’s guests. Klbkch stepped back.
“I appreciate your feedback, [Bartender] Rufelt. I must return to my duties, but I will attempt to return by sundown for your opinions. Farewell.”
He walked out of the inn, and Lasica let out the small breath she’d been holding.
“Ancestors, he makes my tail twitch. Klbkch the Slayer. Can you imagine it?”
“I don’t need to.”
Rufelt busied himself behind the bar. It was early for drinks, but he had a feeling he’d be in business soon. Lasica blinked at the door, and then shifted her attention to him. She frowned as he put his specialized mugs and cups and various glasses—from shot glasses to specialized drinking vessels designed for smoky drinks, or ones on fire—in a row behind him. She sighed.
“Did you bring half the bar with you? You know we’re giving Erin too much help. Especially you, Rufelt.”
The Gnoll grinned apologetically as he ran his paw across the counter.
“I can’t help it. I see a bar counter and I have to do something. Especially with a crowd like this! Humor me? Besides, Erin’s given us all the profits I make.”
Lasica rolled her eyes, but she gave in without much fuss. She knew her husband, after all.
“Oh, very well. Just remember you’re putting more people in her seats. Don’t work too hard! We have to open tomorrow.”
“I know. Don’t worry, love. Have fun with Erin in the kitchens! Please don’t tease her too much. Or tire yourself.”
She snorted gently and patted Rufelt’s arm before walking across the bar. And like that, Rufelt got to work. He was, after all, a [Bartender]. And in his bar, or The Wandering Inn, he could ply his trade.
It was simple. Simple and complex. Because a [Bartender] served drinks and that was one thing. People could ask for something simple, like a mug of ale, and he could fill and pass out a tankard almost before the thirsty Drake had finished talking.
But sometimes a [Bartender] was there to listen, or deal with a tricky customer. Of course, sometimes they were just drink-machines, and Rufelt certainly did pour thirty-eight drinks, mostly ales, to the inn’s patrons. A few wines, one stronger spirit too. And then his first notable customer sniffed and leaned on the bar counter.
“Excuse me, [Bartender]. But am I to understand you are a high-level member of your class? The co-owner of the famous Pallassian bar, Tails and Scales, if I am not misinformed.”
Rufelt blinked at the young man in a white robe with an arch expression. He felt like he’d seen him around.
“That would be me. Rufelt, [Bartender]. Reasonably high-level I suppose. Can I help you, sir?”
