Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 36
“I don’t know. Am I supposed to feel…something else? Because if I am, I love everyone like I love Mrsha, or no one at all. And that means you as well.”
“Ah. I see.”
She nodded. The Earl’s face clouded. Erin looked at the pieces.
“I don’t know how to explain it. Sorry, Altestiel.”
“Go on.”
He waited, gently. Kiish pumped her fist in the air, then looked around and collected herself. Erin ignored the onlookers, pushing them back in her mind. This was just for her and him. He’d earned that.
“I…here’s how I can say it. Chess. It’s like chess. You know, there was this guy who fancied me who once said that if he beat me, we should date. I mean…I kicked his butt, but come on.”
“Not exactly appropriate.”
The Earl coughed, almost hiding a smile. Erin glowered.
“My soul isn’t in the chessboard or anything. The chessboard is only a piece of wood. Even enchanted wood. I didn’t marry it. I hated it, when I was younger.”
“Younger?”
His eyes flickered. Erin missed that.
“Yes. I loved it, and then hated it because it was all I was. Just someone to play and win or lose. So I quit. Then I came back because I did enjoy it. But it’s something I really…really…like. I don’t know if it’s love.”
She regarded the stone as she put it down. Altestiel placed his.
“There are more important things to love than a game. I’d trade playing chess for the rest of my existence to bring just one of them back.”
“So would I.”
He murmured. Erin didn’t know who he was talking about. But she did. As she thought of her next move, she spoke. It helped to play. She had to be honest since she was concentrating on the game as much as her words.
“What I’m trying to say…is that you couldn’t win me over with chess. Not even if that guy was the best chess player in the world. A Grandmaster’s Grandmaster. That wouldn’t ever work. Because it’s chess. I’d be like, ‘he’s good at chess. Okay’. And I’m sorry. But I really liked walking with you. You helping—I think we’re friends. But I don’t think it changed how I felt. I just know you like me.”
She looked up at him. He exhaled, slowly.
“As rejections go…I have had far worse. Many delivered in ruder ways.”
She ducked her head, embarrassed.
“I’m sorry. I just don’t feel—”
“So you said.”
He sighed. Erin tried to clarify.
“If—if it were possible? For someone to like, be someone I’d want to fall in love with right away?”
Half the population in The Wandering Inn listened from afar. Erin put it into words, piece by piece as she cornered one of Altestiel’s formations.
“If there was someone to fall in love with—I guess they’d have to be grander than anyone I’ve met before. Sorry, Altestiel.”
“Grander?”
He sounded hurt for the first time since she’d talked to him. Erin glanced up. Oh yes, a kid with a storm. She shrugged.
“I meant…even grander than an Earl. I couldn’t—see myself falling in love anyways. Not if I was worried about…”
Rabbiteater. Erin gulped.
“Someone who could protect them all. All the people who’ll tear out pieces of my heart if they die. How am I supposed to love someone and be selfish for me while they’re out there?”
She’d taken the copy of the conversation with Rabbiteater. It crumpled in her pocket as she gripped it. That was what she wanted.
“You can’t protect them with gold alone. You’re too weak. We all are. If there was someone who could capture my heart with who they were alone—it would be someone who could promise me they will not die. Or if they do—it will not be in vain. Who could give meaning to this world and what happens. Does that make sense?”
“It does. Strangely, it does.”
