Interlude – Food and Growth
Page 6
The [Warriors] advanced, as their [Shamans] and the cloud began to encircle the pursuers. Faced with those numbers—the seafolk broke and ran towards the coast. They wouldn’t take the blades by force. Subterfuge was all that remained.
Wil sighed in relief as the Gnolls began to approach the [Strategists]. He looked at Feshi.
“Your tribe came all this way for us? We owe you, Feshi.”
“I have a Diamond Sword of Serept. Of course they’d come. And it wasn’t just for us; the Meeting of Tribes approaches ever faster. Let’s get to Oteslia.”
He nodded. They rode on, towards the distant tree in the lake. They had to hurry. Time…time was running out.
 
—-
 
She was coming. The First Gardener of Oteslia was a female Drake. A fun fact about her was that she was the 6th female Drake to be elected to her position in a row by the lesser caretakers of Oteslia. Each one managed a district and they in turn elected her.
There were actually Gnolls as well—but the First Gardener was always a female Drake. Again, for the last six generations at least.  And she ruled for life.
People assumed that it was some law that demanded that. But it wasn’t. There was a reason the First Gardener always met those two criteria.
Well—even then, she was always the most competent in both administration, diplomacy, and so on that Oteslia could find. This First Gardener was named Shaerrha Brasswing, apt due to the coloration of her family’s scales.
She…was stressed out. She often was, for multiple reasons. But Shaerrha would have gladly traded her job with Luciva Skybreath, or the Sharkcaptain of Zeres. They had easy roles, fighting off [Pirates], combatting the Antinium…
Shaerrha had to manage angry [Druids], spend Oteslia’s limited budget wisely, deal with her ward, and now—prepare for what might be the most politically charged event in Izrilian history for the last century, aside from the Antinium arriving.
“Magnolia Reinhart is prepared to arrive within a month’s time. What’s our guest list looking like?”
“Expanding each day, First Gardener. Wall Lady Navine and her mother are of course coming, and they’ve now expanded the list to nearly thirty dignitaries from Salazsar. And that’s only the arrivals, not their staff…”
“Security. The instant she crosses the border, we’re going to need an escort. Have we coordinated with Reinhart?”
“She claims she has a route planned—”
“Well, get in touch with her! And tell Skybreath that this isn’t under discussion! No—deny that we’ve heard anything. If she objects, I’ll speak to her myself.”
The others were starting to get wind of the event planned. Shaerrha had kept it under wraps with her co-conspirators as much as possible, but it was inevitable. A [Lady] of the Five Families, coming to southern Izril? To…negotiate? Or just socialize?
It had a lot of potential. Shaerrha didn’t deny that; that was why she had offered her city for the gathering. Peace with the Humans appealed to her, especially with the Antinium threat. She had never believed strongly in the conflict; that was why a lot of female Drakes, especially the Wall Ladies of Izril—had convened this event.
Still, it was stressful. And Shaerrha, as mentioned, had a hard job. Not only did she manage her city—she had to keep Oteslia’s great secret.
The City of Growth had a secret. A secret so grand and important that they had guarded it for nearly a century now, and before that—centuries still. But the last century had been much, much harder.
None of the other Walled Cities save for Manus knew Oteslia’s great secret. No other city could know. It was zealously kept.
