Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 13
“I hear they found the Antinium—a Worker—hacked it up, burned the pieces, and watched it all night. Then one of the crew guarding the pieces got an arrow straight through the back.”
Vess shuddered. This was one of the things that there was no way to fight against. The Alliance was fighting Liscor because, if they lost, so High Command assured the [Soldiers], the Antinium would slaughter their cities. They fought because the Antinium were allied with Liscor, those bastards.
However, morale was at an all-time low. The right wing had apparently near-daily mutinies. The immortal Antinium sniper was one of the legends keeping [Soldiers] up at night and scanning for a sight of a bow and a Worker.
But there were also…tangible things to fear.
Like…
The Minotaur.
 
——
 
Vess saw him appear in a battle the day after that. He charged down the slope as Liscor’s army came after him, ahead of the others.
A giant Minotaur—Vess aimed his wand, and eight [Light Arrows] bounced off the Minotaur’s hide. Arrows broke against his skin and armor. He raised an axe and roared.
“Beriad of the Free Antinium! Death before dishonor! Charge!”
Behind him, thirty Antinium streamed towards Drisshia’s [Soldiers]. This was no ordinary grouping. The Minotaur had begun going into battle with allies. Worse? They fought like he did.
He rammed forwards, head lowered, one huge arm raised. An axe as wide as Vess’ chest rose and came down towards a [Soldier] holding a shield.
The Gnoll’s will broke, and she tried to dodge—the axe fell, and no one survived that. The Minotaur pivoted, and the axe slammed into another [Soldier]. He kicked someone, shattering a leg, and that axe rose.
No defending. No hesitation or dodging. Stab me. Attack me. Challenge me! The Minotaur’s eyes were red, and he roared.
A blow for a blow.
The Antinium behind him all carried two-handed weapons. Battleaxes, greatswords, mauls…they charged in, trading a swing for a swing.
Beriad?
That was what they called themselves. Or he called them.
 
——
 
The Minotaur appeared in another battle before the lines met. Both sides were trading magic and missiles, and Vess saw the Minotaur holding the axe up as his squad waited on the front lines. Then, as they waited for the order to charge, he heard a strange sound.
Thud. Thud, thud, THUD.
A rhythmic boom. A heavy echo that ran through the ground. Vess looked up—and saw the Minotaur and Antinium, hundreds of them, stomping in unison.
A rhythm. The Minotaur was leading them. The Antinium struck the ground with their feet as one. They kept their weapons up, shields raised—yet this was a way to make sound, even while keeping their guard up.
The Alliance jeered and shouted curses, screaming at the Antinium, but the organized sound made their voices falter. The Minotaur was staring at them. And the Antinium…
Challenge. Me.
The Minotaur walked in front of the stomping line of Antinium. They looked…angry. Fierce. There was something more in their insectile stare that made Vess shudder.
It hadn’t been there at the start of the war. Before, they had been…angry? Now—now. Vess thought they wanted to kill him.
It was his doing. The Minotaur turned his back to the Alliance’s lines. He walked forward, ignoring an arrow that cracked on the back of his head. The bits of wood splintered off the Minotaur’s horns, and he brushed a piece away from one ear.
The scars. He had as many scars on his back as his front. His fur rippled as his muscled arm rose. The axe rose into the sky, and the light was harsh.
