Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 40
Embria saw 6th Company muttering and pointing at the madness of 4th. It hadn’t turned into outright disputes…yet. But, oh, the irony was that Maksie had come back to have a drink with them last night, and 6th and 9th were rumbling at 4th, who were angry that they were being called bug-kissing traitors when they—
“What’s that over there? Oi. Quiet.”
Wing Commander Embria saw something odd as Drisshia drew nearer. 4th Company instantly went silent, and she went to check it out.
Both armies were coming into arrow range, and shields went up. Soon they’d fight and die.
Something was up. She had noticed Olesm was here personally. She suspected he had a plan…but she had deliberately kept that to herself. Trust in the [Commander], after all. Fool the enemy.
She rode closer, breaking from 4th’s position. The others let her pass, and she rode straight into the Antinium lines. As an officer.
“What are you doing? Get into formation!”
She snapped at an Antinium squad who had not stayed in their columns and rows, but were clustered together, a prime target.
“Do you want to eat a [Fireball]? Spread out!”
Dekass had made his command immune to lightning, so whenever Antinium got hit by a [Lightning Bolt] spell, everyone called it ‘free mana’.
“They’re coming! Ancestors! Manus is in front! Six—eight hundred [Soldiers]! Get ready!”
Maksie was screaming into their linked stones. Embria whirled and heard one of the Workers speak.
“We have received a gift. Tonight is the night. We will die or they will. He walks among us. Wing Commander, do you want some?”
The Drake whirled back to him. Then she heard a roar go up across the Antinium ranks. She saw Spearmaster Lulv charging, and her scales prickled.
What was this? Why were they coming in so hot?
Then she saw him, standing amid a cluster of Antinum slowly emerging from the center. It seemed Olesm hadn’t disguised them well enough after all, or they had a mole. Embria looked up and whispered.
“Pawn.”
 
——
 
Lulv pointed at the Worker and the Painted Antinium around him. Yellow Splatters—he didn’t recognize any other high-value targets, but that was enough.
“[Mark Target]. Bring it down, no matter what!”
This was the battle. The instant he had heard Olesm had requested Pawn’s presence on the battlefield, he had known.
The Drake [Strategist] might have had a plan, but Lulv had one of his own, and it was simple: kill Pawn.
If Manus’ theories had any weight—the Free Antinium would collapse if that one died. At the very least, he was a leader on par with the others.
Pawn, Garry, Belgrade, Anand, Bird.
He had come with the best of the Painted Antinium, Lulv had no doubt. But that Worker had made one mistake:
This was a war.
Eight hundred of Manus’ [Soldiers] tore down the hill after the [Spearmaster]. Lulv raised his spear.
“[Intimidation: Spear of a Thousand Graves]!”
Manus’ [Soldiers] roared as the Gnoll leapt into the dark sky. They had seen him a hundred times. The Antinium didn’t flinch and lifted their blades.
The first ranks of Manus’ lines went through them without slowing.
 
——
 
Death. Those poor [Soldiers]. Embria whirled her spear up. The Antinium surged forwards.
“Protect Pawn! Hold your ground! Crab Battalion—advance!”
Dekass roared. The broken Battalion 3 charged. They had returned. Not one single Antinium had lived in the original five hundred.
Yet it was Crab Battalion who met Manus. They had inherited their name. Embria was about to ride towards her command when she saw the squad of Antinium unveiling their gift.
Ishkr’s gift.
She stopped, and one turned to her.
