Interlude – Foliana
Page 24
And it occurred to the Centauress, at last, that she was doing this the entirely wrong way. She was a [Seductress]. An expert in her class. But sometimes there wasn’t much to seduce. So she sat up, out of her languorous sprawl. And gestured for her companion to do the same. The Centauress smiled, and took a breath.
“Well, Miss Foliana. May I call you Foliana? I think we have nothing to offer you.”
“Mm. Not right now.”
The Squirrel-woman smiled. The Centauress nodded.
“Then if we can oblige you, let us know. But what can we do for you? Anything at all?”
Foliana paused. She looked at the Centauress, and for once her gaze didn’t provoke that moment of fear, that flutter of uncertainty as it did in so many people. The Squirrel-woman smiled slightly.
“Maybe. Do you have a bucket of water?”
The Centauress eyed Foliana. Then she listened to the Squirrel-woman speak. The Drake was aghast.
“We can’t do that!”
“Oh yes we can. For Lady Stalker? Anything at all.”
 
—-
 
Later, the The Scaleless Sight was filled with screams. It came from various rooms as Foliana, aided by the Centauress and Drake, opened the door catching people in flagrante delicto. No, wait—just having sex. They then tossed the buckets inside, and ran for it.
Foliana was smiling as outraged and dripping duos—trios—and in one case a group of eight charged out into the hallways. She hopped out of the brothel as the angry guests milled about—realized that their anonymity was being threatened—and instantly fled back into their rooms. She laughed, a soft chuckle. The Centauress smiled down at her.
“Lady Foliana, was that at least worth the visit?”
“Mm.”
The Squirrel-woman smiled. She turned as the [Manager], finally aware of the situation, charged down the corridor, apologizing profusely to the naked guests still in the hallway.
“Yes. I think so. Now, I have to go. Mm. Thank you. This was fun.”
She pulled out the jam biscuit, mostly-eaten, and inspected it. Then she lifted it to her mouth and ate it.
 
—-
 
That evening, Foliana dined with Niers. He eyed her over the table as she consumed her regular dinner. It wasn’t a jam biscuit, at least. He cleared his throat.
“I hear you’ve been causing trouble. First my class, then my students. At a brothel.”
“Mm. They had fun. Probably. You should visit one.”
“I’m a Fraerling.”
“Do something about that first. They’re very nice. They cooked me an egg later. Mm. I probably owe them money. For the mess.”
“I’ll handle it.”
The Titan sighed. He rested his head on one hand and looked at Foliana. She glanced up at him.
“Did you enjoy yourself today?”
Foliana paused. She chewed on her plate of muffins, spaghetti, piled on top of one another and shrugged. It was not a classy meal. It had been made by a master, but Foliana insisted on mixing the two together. She shrugged, and slurped up a noodle.
“I enjoyed myself. Watching. Saw a baby. Did what you wanted. Had an egg.”
“Bothered my students. Do you ever want to quit?”
“That’s your job.”
The [Rogue] smiled at the [Strategist]. He smiled back, ruefully.
“But do you ever dream about it? Having children? A different life? You’re unnoticed by so many. Which is how you prefer it, I suppose. But do you want something else?”
It was a question he’d asked her in different ways, over the years. Foliana paused. And she looked around, speculatively. But at last she shook her head.
“No. Because this is mine. This. And this. And this.”
