Interlude – Perspective and Pas
Page 29
“Don’t give me that, Seraphel. Ronnel and I have agreed on some fine, eligible bachelors. Not out of her age, with promising classes and backgrounds. Nothing like what you went through.”
Vernoue’s head slowly rose from her book, then ducked down behind it. Azole and her younger sister looked at Seraphel as the 4th Princess spoke, slowly.
“I would have thought you’d give her more time.”
“To do what, lose the best matches?”
“Your daughters need not marry as a necessity of state, Aielef.”
“Better that she has time to set up now than wait. You’ll have a difficult time, bearing children and starting a family, Seraphel. Believe me. I’m not saying any of it is your fault. It’s bad luck. War, age, hunting accidents, and a divorce. None of it is your fault.”
“But…you have a point, Aielef. Make it.”
Seraphel tapped her ring finger on the table in a way her sisters knew was a sign she was losing her patience. And thus control of her tongue. Aielef hesitated, but they were in the weeds now.
“—I only mean that you don’t get to complain from having simple bad luck. Every one of us is to be married, even that runaway, Lyonette. Take what you’re given and make the best of it, I say.”
Azole looked at her mother, not nodding, but listening. Seraphel glanced at her.
“And what if the marriage isn’t…ideal? As mine were certainly not. Death aside, divorce aside?”
“You make it work. Do you think I’m not aware of complications? Dead gods and eternal steps, Seraphel, you hold yourself like you’re the martyr of all [Princesses]. You’re one of four of us. We’ve all been married. We make it work. Shardele? Do you think she smokes Dreamleaf just because it’s fun?”
“Absolutely.”
Vernoue muttered quietly. Her older sisters looked at her and she fell quiet. Seraphel knew what Aielef meant and her older sister went on.
“Menisi—well, she’s the only lucky one of the lot! She has someone who fits her damned personality.”
“True enough.”
Seraphel caught something Aielef had let slip. But that meant…
“Then what about you, Aielef?”
Vernoue peeked around a page. Aielef sat still, and Seraphel looked at her daughters and cursed. She shouldn’t have said it here, but in private.
Incidentally, the serving staff were calm automatons this entire time, like Golems. They took plates, filled glasses, and scurried out of the way. All of the diners ignored them; they were used to being watched.
Seraphel was about to take it back, but Aielef replied in a calm voice.
“I have borne three children for Kaliv and Calanfer, Seraphel. I quite love them. Ronnel is a perfectly fine husband and we understand each other. It took a few years, but I do not lack for my enjoyments. And I understand he has his.”
Vernoue sat bolt upright and Seraphel hoped her daughters didn’t understand that last part. She feared they did.
“Is this how you talk about marriage to your daughters?”
“What, realistically? You do not need to love the man you wed. Or do you disagree, Seraphel? Can you honestly say you even liked any of the three you were betrothed to?”
Azole and Ayuse turned to Seraphel. She saw the elder daughter staring at her. This was, perhaps, the only moment Seraphel would see her before she was married. They did not often visit, and Seraphel could say any number of things.
Most of them useless. Their fates were nearly written in stone. And yet…Seraphel’s head rose, and Vernoue edged back from the table.
“Uh oh.”
She prepared a small barrier spell. Even Aielef hesitated, because she knew her younger sister.
“Seraphel, don’t make a scene…”
