Interlude – Meetings and Friendships
Page 15
“I’m exhausted. I’m going to First Landing. I just wanted to see you one last time as you were. An old woman’s nostalgia. Not that you would know anything about that, you fire-addled brat.”
She turned away, shouting for her retainers with a voice that could quell a harbor front. Maviola sat there, lost. Until Gresaria turned. The two women looked at each other. Maviola wished she could give Gresaria just a sip of the Potion of Youth, to see her friend again.
But then—Gresaria reached out and drew Maviola into a long hug.
“Go well, Maviola El.”
Tears stood out in her eyes as she let go. The old woman walked out of the inn, towards the chariot. She looked back once, raised her spear.
“Back home! Maviola El—we’ll consider that my victory, shall we?”
She rode off before Maviola could shout after her. The [Lady] managed something anyways and heard a distant laugh.
Here, gone—just like her. Maviola had to go back into the inn and sit down. The strength in her legs had gone out. She felt—
Everyone was looking at her. It was Erin Solstice who came over.
“Was that your friend, Maviola? She came all the way here to see you?”
“Friend?”
Maviola blinked. She looked back towards the door and half-shook her head.
“Gresaria? We hated each other all our lives.. She was a [Sea Lady]—the Wellfar family is known for their ships. I tried to kill her in earnest at least…twice.”
She hesitated. Looked at the spot Gresaria had been. Shook her head.
“We hated each other all our lives. She attended Fulviolo—my brother’s funeral. I couldn’t attend her father’s. Aside from that, we fought across Izril. I think I have a scar from where she stabbed me once. Here.”
She pointed at her shoulder, moving cloth to show Erin. The [Innkeeper] winced.
“When did you two stop hating each other?”
“Just now. And a long time ago, I think.”
The [Lady Firestarter] sat there for a while. Then she felt the eyes on her and looked up.
“Desinee.”
She hadn’t really said goodbye, had she? She wasn’t going back. But—her niece looked at her with tears in her eyes. Maviola El felt old. She had run from that feeling. But Gresaria—damn her—had aged so well.
Would it have been so poor, to die beloved and surrounded? Maviola didn’t know anymore. She…rose. And walked over to the girl she had known from the moment she had appeared in this world as a squalling baby.
To say goodbye properly.
 
—-
 
Their rivalry, their friendship was the stuff of stories. The [Sea Lady] of the ocean, nicknamed the Duchess of Waves—or the Duchess of Salt—versus Lady Firestarter.
They had been enemies, allies, in love, politics—all so long ago that only they and a few others remembered it. There were still stories. But they were just…
Stories. Maviola and Gresaria had lived those times. To be the last two, when all the other friends and enemies had fallen away—they understood that kind of pain the young couldn’t dream of.
And what it was like to sense an ending. Not a sudden, quick thrust of the knife, the feeling of slipping, falling—or a sudden pain in the chest. But something you could see approaching. Something you could even put a number on.
They had not fled that knowledge. And if there was one thing the two old [Ladies], the pair that disagreed so strongly would have agreed on, it was that they would have called the kind of creature that fled their ending at any cost cowards.
It was right to search for another day, another week, to fight and cry and struggle for another second. But there were some costs that were too much.
