Interlude – Rufel
Page 7
Now this was a challenge. But Rufelt had had children in the bar from time to time and after a moment’s thought, he pulled out a rarely-used bottle of liquid and uncorked it. Mrsha sniffed and recoiled a bit as he poured the orange juice—that was not orange juice—into a clear cup.
“Hm. How about a little carrot juice? With a bit of sugar for taste.”
It had absolutely no alcohol. But Mrsha didn’t know that. She sniffed the drink as Rufelt sprinkled some grains of coarse sugar in and he offered her a small bit of sugar she licked up excitedly. He offered her a stirring rod and she stirred the drink herself, sniffed again, and took a cautious sip.
Mrsha made a disgusted face. Rufelt grinned. The carrot juice tasted like…carrots. And he could count on one-paw the number of people who’d enjoy drinking carrots. But the little Gnoll’s disgusted look was followed by her taking another determined sip. She looked at him and he nodded.
“Rather tough, isn’t it? I could add more sugar—”
The little Gnoll shook her head. She raised an authoritative paw and he left her there. She kept sipping determinedly. And she had a satisfied look on her face. This was properly adult, wasn’t it?
She was so concerned with the drink, she didn’t notice Rufelt watching her. Because the [Bartender] was conflicted. Neither said anything about yesterday. Not that Mrsha could. But two Gnolls occupied the bar together. And Rufelt wanted to say something. But…
He knew how to cheer up someone who was worn out by a hard day. He’d helped up ten thousand drunks, salved a hundred thousand broken hearts, soothed a bitter soul, a violent rage—a countless ailments and more. But bars had few children in them. He didn’t know what to say. And Mrsha could tell him nothing. He could only guess as the Gnoll girl quietly sipped from her cup.
She’d left Lyonette because the young woman was busy, but Rufelt could see her glancing at Mrsha. If she’d looked up, Lyonette would have been there, or Drassi, or Ishkr, or Erin or…but she didn’t. After a while, two more customers came up at the same time.
“Do you have anything that smells good?”
“A carrot juice. Thanks.”
Elirr and Hawk paused as they came up at the same time. They looked at each other, and then down at Mrsha. Rufelt raised his brows.
“Hawk. A pleasure. I forgot you lived here.”
“I didn’t expect to see you.”
The Courier leaned one muscled arm over the counter as Rufelt passed him the Rabbit Beastkin’s favorite drink. Carrot juice, seasoned with a shot of rum. For Elirr, Rufelt worked on a very herbal cream liqueur that tempered the rather strong base taste with the cream and added complexity with a bit of nutmeg, some mint…Elirr took the glass and sniffed, sighing.
“Ah, thank you. What do I owe you?”
“My pleasure, sir. It’s on the house.”
The [Beast Trainer] didn’t object. Rufelt had a soft spot for old Gnolls, especially ones like Elirr. And ones that had survived damn Raskghar. Hawk looked up hopefully at Rufelt.
“Not a chance. Pay up.”
The Courier sighed. Then he looked sideways and saw what Mrsha was drinking. The Gnoll cub was sniffing at him; he smelled of a dozen places. The Courier nodded down to her with a friendly smile, oblivious to the white fur that gave every Gnoll who saw her pause.
“Good taste, kid.”
He saluted her with his drink. Mrsha stared as he downed half and sighed contentedly. Elirr sniffed his bouquet and smiled. Rufelt smiled to himself as she watched him go. He might have given Hawk the drink free just for that unintentional kindness. Then again—the Courier was loaded.
