Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 17
“I did. They are fascinating and have objects of another world—ah, that tragedy. Chieftain Orelighn found a vessel that crashed out of the skies from their world. With dead children in it. Young people. They always seem to be young. But I honestly cannot imagine what they tell me. They have pictures, though. I will make sure you speak with them. Again, we must wait for the Meeting of Chieftains to bring it up. I will let your mother explain the rest. But I have told you…and that will simplify things.”
He sighed, and Satar realized he had done all this on his authority as the Silverfang’s [Chief Shaman].
“Thank you, Cetrule.”
He smiled as he broke the ward and tried to reclaim the dust. He’d have to purify it and the dirt, but it was worth it to him to see the [Shaman] happy again. They headed out of the tent and smelled smoke on the air and grilled meats.
“I hope you will accept that, for me telling Akrisa about your hobby. Did you write that history of Ferkr?”
“Yes…I like stories. I wrote down all the Retellings. Someone should, Cetrule.”
The Gnoll didn’t argue like she expected, just rubbed his chin and hmmed.
“Someone should. There are books like that, you know.”
Her heart leapt and sank.
“There are?”
“You are not the only one to have that idea, but we never maintained a central library. We did once—but like everything, we lose and gain. The older [Shamans] might know more. But it is not a bad idea. You could very well write down stories of our people—Akrisa would surely let you do that and sell copies. We can bring it up after the Meeting of Tribes ends. I think she’ll be proud to hear of your levels. Hurt you didn’t tell her.”
“It’s just…I didn’t want to…”
The young woman was trying to explain what it was like to strike out, to do something in secret on her own without parental supervision, to be her own person to Cetrule, as if he had never heard of the idea before, when they came to the celebration as it passed by the Silverfang tribe.
That was when Satar saw Mrsha, really saw her for the first time.
A white Gnoll. A Doombringer.
Of course, what Satar saw was a little girl, roughly Cers’ age. Old enough to stand on her two legs if she wanted to, which she was doing now, clinging to a giant Gnoll’s hand. A [Paragon], so tall that she had to bend slightly to let Mrsha squeeze it.
Gireulashia, whose fur shone, perfect in mind and appearance. Compared to her, Mrsha looked so plain.
One child among others, although the tips of her ears had been painted gold. Golden, like the Golden Gnoll, Qwera. Aside from that? She was so plain that Satar hadn’t really noticed her.
Mrsha was a silly girl. She had, of all things, a crab’s shell strapped to the top of her head like a silly hat, and Gire had one too. A child’s fancy. She had a bag full of gold and a magic wand, and in that she was not like other children.
However, what Satar noticed now, as she coughed and smelled meat, burning wood, and heard a [Shaman] shouting and a crowd cheering happily, were Mrsha’s eyes.
Brown eyes, a Gnoll’s eyes. A girl’s eyes…
And far older than they should be. At times, like now, it seemed like someone far older, still a child, but older, ancient, was staring out of the little girl’s face. Not for knowledge or the weight of years.
Simply…weariness. A weary, sad expression. A terrible weight all in one look. Not directed at Satar or Cetrule. The [Storyteller] nearly ran into the [Shaman]’s back.
Then she noticed the celebration. So caught up in staring at Mrsha, Satar never saw…the event.
