Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 14
Relc could dodge in and out of a conversation. However, sitting there was illuminating. Gnoll problems? He went automatically through the drinking and talking and complaining, chipped in a silver coin, and left.
None of this was original, think-on-your-feet stuff. It, like all of Relc’s tactics, was routine. He’d learned the obvious; what you said and didn’t say in a group that leaned one way. It was easy if you knew the steps to follow along.
Strange. He kept thinking of Erin as he walked back to the empty apartment. Now, if that had been her inn and someone had said the same thing—only replaced Gnolls with Antinium or Goblins—she would have walked on over and argued. Even if it was a full squad of [Guards].
That was…extraordinarily hard to do. Also stupid, but it was very Erin. It took a certain kind of someone to harvest acid flies. If she had been there, she would have kicked up a fuss.
Relc thought of her. Then his thoughts shifted to someone else who occasionally crossed his mind. Another Human woman, albeit one he had known less long. If differently.
Ryoka Griffin. Relc smiled for a second. Then he sighed. He’d followed her run to the north. Good on her. Flying? He wondered if he could beat her in a race anymore. He almost hoped some days that the Street or City Runner who found him with the letters would be her…but that was nigh-impossible. It had only been one night.
He had liked her. She had been very complimentary too, about how fast he was. People didn’t appreciate that about Relc enough, in Relc’s opinion. However, mutual admiration aside—Relc thought more of how Ryoka would have interacted with that conversation. His guess? Bar fight.
Relc was not a master of fast, innovative thinking. However, he had seen all kinds of things and knew when not to shout what he really felt. Ryoka Griffin…was the exact opposite. She had no routine, no cover-jokes, no way to duck a bad conversation. She’d probably sit there and start talking and that was when someone threw the mug at your head. She and Erin would both get into trouble in minutes. Dangerous trouble, which might make them enemies of their co-workers.
But they would do it because it was right. Relc stopped, with the key in the lock. He ignored the other transitory Drakes and Gnolls glancing at him as they went to their own rooms in the cheap apartment complex. Ah, yes. He’d paid for a small place, despite being able to afford a bit more on a Senior Guardsman’s salary. Relc glanced around.
I don’t see many Gnolls living in the expensive streets either. Cellidel’s Watch had the opinion Gnolls caused more crime. They were certainly poorer on average than Drakes. Or maybe it was that the Watch didn’t patrol their streets as heavily, and…Relc didn’t like any of this.
He wanted to be back home. The Drake entered his apartment and sat down. Erin had offered him a room in her inn after his place burned down and he’d felt…
For a moment, Relc indulged in a dream. It was a dream he’d had now and then—okay, often. Before hearing about Erin, especially. He went back to it now as he lay on his back.
In his dream, he was staying in The Wandering Inn, and had a great breakfast each day. That little kid, Mrsha, was always making life fun by stealing his food, and he’d see something hilarious every day.
That was easy. Harder to imagine, but what Relc had carefully put into the dream were other…nice parts. Embria taking a room there, for instance. Not next to his! And they didn’t talk all the time, but he saw her before she got to work and they’d share breakfast. Stuff like that.
