Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 16
But that had come at a great cost. Ryoka hadn’t been here. But she knew the tale. Her eyes slowly travelled from the Assassin’s Guild to an edifice along the harbor’s docks. A bell stood high above the ships, silent despite the wind that tried to move it.
The Bell of First Landing. It waited, never rung except for war or the death of one of the leaders of the Five Families.
It was right there, on these docks while Maviola El, Saliss of Lights, and the Wind Runner were racing for Tyrion Veltras, that someone had rallied the Five Families. Maviola El had flown the banner, but it was her great friend and rival who ignited those flames in First Landing.
Gresaria Wellfar. The [Harbormistress] had charged the Assassin’s Guild and paid for it with her life. That had been the catalyst that had doomed the Assassin’s Guild here and across Izril, as the nobility broke their fear of them.
“…it wasn’t the Five Families who charged over those docks and killed the [Assassins]. I was there, Tyrion Veltras. I watched my mother and father die like tempests at sea.”
Etril Wellfar spoke, and Ryoka turned and saw his strained expression. He stood on the docks of the ship from where Regein Wellfar had launched every magical spell at the Assassin’s Guild. He pointed, and Ryoka’s shivering grew worse.
Gresaria Wellfar stood there, spear in hand, atop her chariot. She called down to the frightened nobility, challenging an army of faceless figures waiting down the street. 
She charged them, alone. They watched as she surged into the [Assassins] and fell, never striking a blow. 
Then—it wasn’t the nobility who came to her defense. Not at first. It was a [Captain] from Cenidau, then the crews of the ships.
[Pirates] and [Sailors] avenging the [Harbormistress] of First Landing. 
Only then did the Five Families move. Then came the reckoning. But what Etril remembered, what the seafolk remembered, was that it had been them. Not for a noble house, but for the [Harbormistress].
Ryoka’s eyes stung as she listened to the retelling of that story. She hadn’t known.
She had…known the [Harbormistress] was one of the people who’d died, but never met anyone who had known her. Etril was her son. Now Ryoka understood why he wanted to meet her. She searched for something to say as he looked at her. His ruffled clothing was like an older ship’s captain, practical and ornate. But he seemed more like a [Sailor] than [Lord], sometimes.
“I…Lady Gresaria…”
“Harbormistress. She was a Duchess, for whatever it was worth. The Duchess of Salt, they called her. But she liked being called Harbormistress.”
Ryoka hesitated. She looked at Etril, and eyes like the salt-grey skies waited.
She died because of my arrogance. I’m sorry.
No. Those were entirely the wrong words. She died because of me? Ryoka had said something like it before and been reminded of her arrogance. What else?
I wish I could avenge her? I won’t forget this?
No, and no. At last, the Wind Runner gulped. She looked Lord Etril in the eyes and nodded.
“…I wish I could have met her. She sounds like she was a hell of a woman.”
Tyrion blinked, but Etril’s eyes widened slightly, and he threw his head back. He laughed once, almost in relief.
“She was! A hellion worse than her children. She always told us we were too calm and mild. She tore up Izril with Maviola El. A hell of a woman. I like that.”
Ryoka exhaled, and Etril shook his head, chuckling. She had gotten it right this time. And Etril…he turned and pointed, and Ryoka’s breath caught again as the gangplanks were being lowered.
