Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 2
Taganchiel shouted right in Poisonbite’s ear, but the Goblin was deaf. Crowdcaller Merdon. Many of the Redfangs were deaf, despite their precautions. Whether it was temporary or not—it had made the retreat bloodier. They hadn’t been able to hear their comrades, and some had failed to miss the maneuvers or gotten lost in the dust storm.
The rest? A Redfang slung herself out of the saddle, and finally roared an answer.
“Redscar with Chieftain! Fighting! Followed! Cut north.”
“North? Why?”
“Followed. Humans’ fliers. We go!”
Without further guidance, Taganchiel led the retreat as Poisonbite was disabled, and the other leadership, Badarrow, Snapjaw, Calescent, Redscar, were all occupied. He knew what to do. Wyverns flew off, but they had a far longer flight to the secondary dispersal points.
Meanwhile, the Goblins held the hill they’d set up in and waited, tending to their wounds. They knew the Humans would come after them.
So Kevin got to see Goblins make war. From a distance. He sat in their command outpost, nervously holding onto the self-defence wand. Watching as Taganchiel grimly cast spell after spell.
Even they hadn’t predicted how furiously the Humans would come after them. The first group was hot on the heels of the Wyverns and riders, though this outpost was nearly fourteen miles south of Tenbault. Kevin waited, and waited—then there was violence and death. Waiting as they regrouped, rapid loading of Goblins onto the Wyverns’ backs.
Fiercer fighting as the Goblins’ numbers dwindled and the Humans’ grew. Yet, even then…
 
——
 
They finally reached the first line of Goblins. Kevin saw the infantry, the ‘foot’, charging up the slope. Six sallies of [Riders] had been broken, even with [Mages] in tow. It had been a bloodbath the last two times, but whoever was leading them hadn’t had an organized force, just the fastest groups, and had been clearly incredulous that they were being beaten back by Goblins.
They had shields, which protected them from the slings and casual arrows loosed by non-[Archer] classes. However—
The Thunderbow fired with a sound exactly like its name. Kevin saw a Hob, calmly standing behind the turret, aim and loose a gigantic bolt through two Humans charging with howls in the first rank. Another aimed her oversized crossbow, training it on a [Mage].
A bolt of lightning blinded Kevin. When he could see again, the Goblin was gone. One of her companions blinked at the charred body, then grabbed the Thunderbow, and with a roar, shifted the aim and took down the [Mage].
The second, a Redfang, didn’t reload the damaged Thunderbow. He had so many stripes of red warpaint he was practically covered in the stuff. One for each fallen comrade, or so Kevin had been told.
He came down the slope, into the Humans skirmishing with the line of Goblin pikes. An axe in each hand; the Humans looked up as the howling Redfang cut through them. They were already breaking; his charge put them to flight.
“Come back! Ecraw!”
Taganchiel howled. The Redfang lit up with a faint, glowing, misty aura that saved him from the first two arrows that shot towards him; they glanced off like they’d hit rubber, not flesh.
However, Ecraw kept going, cutting down fleeing Humans, charging towards the army exchanging bolts with the Goblins in their superior cover. He was headed straight for an officer. He went through a [Footsoldier], five of the militia, even what might have been an [Armswoman] or…
Kevin looked away as the Redfang fell. Taganchiel stared down as the Humans tried to regroup. He hissed.
“Too many Humans. Now. Now, now!”
