Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 29
She beamed up at him, happy as could be. She waved her arms as she indicated the blueprint and Fraerlings hauling tools around behind her.
“No vurel needed! No allotment to worry about! We can dump as much magic into this as we want and not have to worry about containment—well, not more than the basics. It’s not staying at Paeth, so the tree branches are the limit! It’s a dream come true!”
Luan grinned as she pointed to the project in progress: a scull, being built by the Fraerlings from the ground up. An enchanted scull. Not a converted Lizardfolk canoe, or kayak, but a sleek, modern design that would be faster than even his old vehicle.
Fraerling-enchanted. From the paddle to a custom-sewn spray skirt, even clothing! They were sparing no expense, magical or otherwise.
“Are you sure you can make it properly, Engineer? Fraerlings don’t paddle.”
“Row.”
Luan frowned at Ekrn. Vuiel scoffed at Ekrn.
“You think we’re idiots, Tallguard? All our prototypes work! There—”
They had indoor pools, and a Fraerling was indeed sculling about in the outdoor testing area with a miniature design at this very moment. Ekrn shrugged.
“Alright, Luan’s the one who has to live with it exploding in the water or something.”
Luan doubted that would happen. The Fraerlings were working on it with their best, and so far the only arguments had been how to make it as lightweight and strong as possible; they didn’t have plastic, but they had been prototyping with everything from enchanted cloth to metal. Predictably, wood seemed like the best option, and now they were testing enchantments.
“Engineer! Anti-gravity spells are a no-go. Lightweight, but not reverse thrust!”
One of the testers called out as the Fraerling trying to scull across some simulated waves went over one—and then flipped as the enchantment overcorrected. A few Fraerlings dove in to rescue the tester.
“Damn. Also, a shame we can’t bind a few [Fireball] spells into it, but it’s no good for a Tallfolk.”
The [Engineer] sighed as she made a note on the blueprints. She looked up at Luan.
“Sorry, Human Luan, but we can’t arm you for that. We’ll focus on protection and speed. Maybe even stealth.”
“That’s more than enough. And I am going to have some self-defense, right, Ekrn?”
The Sentry Leader grinned.
“That’s right. We can’t make enchanted bolts, but I think they’ve nearly ‘fixed’ your worthless crossbow.”
Rather, the Fraerling [Blacksmiths] and group devoted to that project hadn’t even touched Luan’s old crossbow, just built a new one from scratch. The new crossbow would be hand-held, smaller, but three times stronger. Luan wondered if he could ask for one for Daly. It might be a present on the way back. He walked over to field-test it. Ekrn was grinning as Luan lifted the plain, wood-tipped bolt and aimed the crossbow at a target they’d set up for testing firepower.
The crossbow bolt went through the armored plate—and part of the tree behind, although it couldn’t survive the impact and it was actually shrapnel that did as much damage. Ekrn grinned and Noa danced in delight—right up until they heard the cry of pain.
Luan had broken his hand with the crossbow’s recoil.
 
—-
 
It wasn’t a bad break; just a fracture, but the [Engineer] team got chewed out, and Luan’s hand ended up in a brace while [Healers] fussed around it, even numbing his skin to make an incision and apply a gel directly to the bone itself so it knitted.
