Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 9
The Fraerling looked amused. Luan opened his mouth.
“I’ve tasted healing potions and they taste like—”
His head drooped. Noa looked up as the Human began to keel forwards. The [Alchemist] screamed; Ekrn just whistled. Dozens of ropes shot forwards and caught Luan, dragging him down backwards. A [Mage] pointed.
“[Featherfall].”
It took six to make Luan slowly drift backwards towards the ground. His eyes were closed. They began preparing the next spell as the [Necromancer] yawned her way forwards.
 
—-
 
“—scrapings out of a trash can. What—”
Luan stared. Suddenly, he was staring around and the world was different! He was…looking through the world like it was a single, fish-eye lens. It was so disorientating he didn’t realize at first that the view was of a completely different place than he had been.
Everything was huge. He saw a few figures, and then a man bent down.
“Well, well, well. Not so huge after all, are we, Human?”
He was Luan’s height; maybe a bit shorter since Luan was a tall guy, but distinctly around the same height. Six feet, Luan would have guessed…if it weren’t for the fact that he knew Ekrn was six inches tall.
A woman of roughly the same height waved at him.
“Hi, Luan! You look—creepy!”
The floating eyeball rotated in the liquid, but couldn’t see itself. Luan’s voice, when it came out, was slightly muffled, but lacked the echo he expected.
“I’m…in the eyeball?”
“Basic possession magic. Don’t get attached. Literally. Sometimes people keep seeing out of the eye after it’s done—we’ll get rid of it. Okay! Into Paeth to show Tallfolk all our secrets because why not?”
“I think it could be helpful, boss. You know Paeth’s over its allotment. And the Tallguard had to go on the Gathering Run—what if he helped?”
“And what if we lived in a city and Humans visited us all the time? You know your history, [Sentry]! Stop believing in fairytales. He’s not some ‘magical Gnoll’ who washes ashore and fixes all wrongs.”
The eyeball swiveled from Ekrn to Noa as Luan adjusted to this new, temporary body. He interrupted as Noa lifted the jar with a grunt.
“Wait, you have stories about Tallfolk meeting you?”
“Yup. Historical accounts which aren’t so pretty, but every child reads the classics. What, you tell stories about meeting us? Hah. That’s funny. Fairy tales both ways.”
Ekrn looked amused. Now he was taller than Luan, or rather, speaking to the eye in the enchanted jar, he seemed less wary. Or maybe he was just resigned.
 
—-
 
As they walked, Ekrn explained what Luan was about to see. Which was counterintuitive, but, as the Fraerling man said, it wasn’t what Luan was going to see that mattered—it was what he wasn’t going to see.
“That makes no sense.”
The [Athlete] countered. He was feeling…slightly unwell, despite the spell working without a hitch. It was mostly because he had no legs, arms—no body at all. He didn’t even know how he was hearing or speaking. They claimed they’d looped in a basic speech and hearing spell with the necromantic possession, but the more Luan thought about it, the sicker he got.
“Don’t focus on it or you’ll drive yourself mad. Listen. Paeth isn’t your typical Fraerling village. Village. Hah! Well—it fits some of the settlements across Baleros. There are places where there are actually Fraerlings who farm, and make a basic living—in touch with nature. I’ve had to guard some of those settlements and it’s a nightmare. No magic, which does mean less threats…no allotment to argue about…”
