Interlude – Food and Growth
Page 7
The First Gardener walked across her balcony, built into the very wood of the Heart of Oteslia, the grand tree planted eons ago. She looked across her city, seeing life.
Life! Not just Drake or Gnoll! Birds, animals, from squirrels climbing the vast trunks of the tree to a myriad of birds hunting for seeds and the fish of the lakes, the insects—
Okay, she hated the insects. The First Gardener was pleased to see that the repellant spells were working on her balcony. And below her—every kind of plant was growing in every area. From terraced rice paddies to arid zones built into the tree or underground, whatever existed Oteslia could grow. The builders of the City of Growth had made the city to provide for all the Walled Cities of Izril. In ages past—the vision had been simple.
Manus to train. Zeres to hold the seas. Pallass to create. Salazsar to mine. Fissival to connect. And Oteslia to provide. There were other Walled Cities of course; but Fissival and Oteslia had been integral to the grand plan.
The teleportation network of Fissival would have connected all the Walled Cities and so even if they were under siege, they would never be starved. Not with reinforcements and Oteslia’s foodstuffs.
Of course, now the Walled Cities were reduced and squabbled amongst themselves when they should be united. Shaerrha sighed. But there was hope. Oteslia had been given a charge. And as First Gardener, her priority over even the safety of her city, the growth of plants and everything else was to tend to her sacred charge. Even if—
“Mom. Mooooom! Guess what I saw? It’s those [Strategists] on the scrying orb! Can I visit them? Can I? Can I?”
—Even if it was hard. The First Gardener sighed. Her headache resumed. A green…Drake…flew up towards her balcony.
Anyone else would have been stopped. But the young Drake, a young man of around…sixteen?…wasn’t stopped. His guards, all Oldbloods or Pegasi riders, strove to catch up as he shot upwards.
The Drake was magnificent. His scales were a blend of green there were few words for, mixed with a brown and purple that ran across his body. His neck-spines were  a pale yellow turning almost to white, and his eyes shone with the bright warmth of the earth.
He had wings and the ability to spit acid, or noxious fumes in the form of fogs of various maladies—or even beneficial substances—and he was faster, stronger than any of his peers. He was her…son.
He was also in trouble. The First Gardener glared as the Drake alighted on the balcony, as nimble as could be.
“Cirediel Anvi’dualln Olic—”
“Mom. I told you to call me Cire. No one calls me by my full name but you. All my friends call me Cire. And my girlfriend.”
The Drake hopped on to the balcony. The First Gardener waved away the guards who’d finally caught up. She should have been annoyed with them but she knew how fast Cirediel was.
“Cirediel—”
“Cire.”
“Cire, you know I’m not to be casually disturbed when I’m at work. I am the First Gardener of Oteslia. And you have to be aware of my station.”
“But Moooooom—”
The young Drake had a whine in his tone which most people would have objected to at his age. But Shaerrha was unusually patient.
“Cire. First of all, if those are the [Strategists]—”
“They are! I saw them! They’re like, miles away, but I’m sure it was them.”
The Drake waved it away breezily. The First Gardener believed him; Cire’s eyes were superior to even most Skills. She changed tactics.
