Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 18
He grabbed an armful of bottles. Octavia couldn’t take it.
“No! That’s my merchandise! If he takes that—”
Her income was liquid. Literally; more money was in the potions waiting to be sold than anywhere in her shop, even her safe. The [Thug] raised a fist as Octavia grabbed at him and she flinched.
“Don’t. We’re taking all of these today. Damn, we’ll need a wheelbarrow or something. I’m not carrying them. You’ll get two thirds—Alchemist Quelm gets a third. And he won’t even charge you a weekly fee anymore. Isn’t that fair?”
“He—that—”
Octavia gulped for air. The world was swimming. If Quelm did that, she’d lose far more than twelve silver every three days. A third of her profits? He’d be the only [Alchemist] selling in the city and she’d be unable to run. And both she and Quelm and the [Thug] knew it. He gave her another pearly smile.
“You can’t do this. This is too far. Quelm—I know we had our grudges, but this is robbery. I’ll go to the City Watch if you take my potions. I’ll testify under truth spell! I have friends in Liscor too. I go through that door—”
Octavia’s voice shook. The [Thug] turned to her. His eyes narrowed. Suddenly, deliberately, he dropped his armful of potions.
“No—”
Too late. Octavia grabbed one bottle, but the rest smashed on the floor. Horrified, she stared as four stamina potions and three healing potions mixed on the floor. That was—at least three gold’s worth of—she looked up as a boot smashed the glass shards flat. The [Thug] drew his knife with a snarl.
“And what? You tell the Watch or you go through that door, and your store won’t last till morning. Neither will you. We’re in charge now, not some [Guardsmen]. Or didn’t you hear what happened to Jeffil?”
Octavia froze, the last potion in her hands. She backed up.
“I heard. But—but—”
The [Thug] grinned unpleasantly.
“Too bad String People can just replace their arms, right? Don’t make us make an example of you. Be smart. Mabel the ‘Magnificent’ is smart. She’s working for Alchemist Quelm. You’ve got one chance to make the right move. Either you agree right now, or—”
He broke off. Octavia heard a sudden roar of sound and jumped. A familiar voice rang out in her shop!
“Okay! Ten minutes! Remember, stay inside!”
The [Thug] swore and ducked back. Octavia turned. The door to Erin’s inn was open! Her heart leapt, but the warning growl behind her made her tense up. And the door was closing as soon as it opened. Octavia opened her mouth—and then choked when she saw who was coming through the door. A Hobgoblin, and—
“What the hell is that?”
The [Thug] hissed at Octavia. Frozen, the [Alchemist] stared at Yellow Splatters and then looked around.
“An Antinium Soldier. And that’s…Numbtongue.”
“That’s a Hob! A flipping Hobgoblin!”
The man looked afraid, which pleased Octavia. She hesitated, looking at Numbtongue. He glanced at her and waved.
“We want to look at things.”
“Uh, okay! I mean, great! Pleased to have you here! And your friend! I’ll be over in a second!”
Octavia smiled nervously. Her eyes flicked to the [Thug]. He glared at her. Slowly, he edged back to her door and caught himself. He leaned over to Octavia and hissed.
“We’ll finish this later. Get them to go away.”
The Stitch-Girl hesitated. The [Thug] caught her arm, squeezing it tight.
“Say anything and we’ve got fourteen people outside your shop. Don’t be stupid. I’ll be right here.”
He bared his teeth. Octavia’s heart sank. She saw him go to the door and wave his hand urgently. Damn. If there weren’t more—she hurried over to Numbtongue.
“Hey, Numbtongue, right? Good to see you!”
