Interlude – Two Rats
Page 12
“The Antinium cannot be trusted! Don’t you see the lies in the web they weave? The insects would take your city and drown you in with gold and pretty gestures. Let us build a city alone!”
And more than one person in the crowd listened, and was troubled by his words because they made sense. Not long past were the Antinium Wars. But standing opposite her, a Gnoll replied in words no less eloquent.
“So you say alone, Lism. But who can be alone? We are Gnolls and Drakes. And here has come Pallass, flooding to our city to acknowledge it! Not because of any one Drake or Gnoll. But because of a Human! The very ones you rail against. Antinium held our walls. Antinium died for us. But it is all species I say Liscor should accept! And I say you would drive all but Drakes out!”
And those words stuck in the Drake’s throat and he choked and the crowd murmured. But thus went the debates. And as Raekea paused with Mrsha on the edge of the crowd, she whispered to Mrsha.
“It seems to be deadlocked. No, in our favor. It is your [Innkeeper] who tilts the scales. And a truer friend to Gnolls we have yet to find.”
So she pointed and Mrsha saw Erin Solstice, standing in the front. And Lism ignored her and as his nephew, Olesm, for whom Mrsha saw as both good and evil, whispered to him, he replied. Or at least, tried.
“You are deflecting from the point with each statement, Krshia Silverfang. It’s not about other cities or even Humans—”
“That’s me! Hi, Lism! Remember me?”
“—Humans, as I was saying—it’s about one thing alone. Antinium. And I say again: have Klbkch, Klbkch the Slayer, swear that the Antinium offer Liscor no threat. I’m all for other species—”
“Except me! Do you remember how we met? You ripped me off! I paid a gold coin for a basket!”
And at that point Lism closed his eyes and gnashed his teeth, and Mrsha and Raekea both laughed in delight, for Erin was being Erin and had a [Loud Voice]. The Drake went on, huffily, but losing momentum with each word.
“And if you think the Antinium won’t turn on the city when it suits them—”
“Do you remember trying to rip me off after that? By making Olesm play chess with me? Hi, Olesm!”
“Shut up! This is not about you, Human! So be quiet while we debate the real threat!”
Perhaps the spittle that flew struck even eight rows of people standing closest; it sprayed those in front. But it did not stop the [Innkeeper], who replied to the outraged Drake without missing a beat.
“You say it’s all about Antinium. But all you’re doing is painting them in a bad light. There are bad ones and good ones. So maybe Klbkch won’t swear he ever thought of doing Liscor wrong. But can you tell me Liscor has no plans to destroy the Antinium Hive? Seems to me you’re a hypocrite, Lism. And a really bad guy.”
On his stage, the Drake spluttered and some of the crowd laughed. The white Gnoll laughed in silence, the [Armorer] with her voice. But the [Strategist] who stood at his Uncle’s side only sighed. And Olesm Swifttail stepped up, and in a quiet voice delivered his counterstroke. Whispered words that made Lism’s eyes light up and announced as loud as could be.
“Miss Erin, it seems to me you have affection for the Antinium you call friends. But they are a handful, a few, a fraction of a larger whole. And the Grand Queen is no Human’s ally, nor Drake nor Gnoll’s. Can you call Antinium anything but slaves who will obey when she points them to war? Can you claim they will not obey her when she speaks?”
