Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 14
The [Wall of Femininity] blocked him from interfering with Erin as she tried to rally. Lyonette broke off and tried to explain—Belgrade was hovering as well.
“It’s courtship, Pawn.”
“Ah, you mean, like—”
“I’m here! Am I late? Dead gods, I can’t have missed it!”
The door slammed open. Everyone flinched—and Jelaqua Ivirith strode into the inn. She inserted herself into the group. Ulinde—did not follow. The Selphid walked over with Seborn and Moore, shaking his head; he was a male Human today.
“Why is everyone making a huge deal about this?”
Erin looked around, trying to breathe. Mrsha handed up a card, solemnly.
“Because it’s funny.”
Lasica read. She swatted at the little Gnoll and Mrsha bounded away. Lasica would have chased after her, but that would have given Rufelt an apoplexy, for all she wasn’t even showing her pregnancy yet.
“Children. But you’re right, Erin. This is ridiculous.”
“Exactly. They should just walk over to you, announce their intentions, and present gifts or ask you to join them in activities! The Earl was half-right—he just shouldn’t have left you hanging!”
Lasica gave Bezale the side-eye. The Minotauress clearly had a different perspective on this than the Drake.
“My point is that this is too much. Erin, if you don’t like it, tell this Earl to stop. Otherwise—enjoy the attention.”
The [Innkeeper] looked at the [Cook]. Viceria half-nodded and smiled.
“Do you want to not be courted?”
“Yes! No! I don’t want to make him upset. I just said yes—”
“That’s not the point, Erin. Is this so unfamiliar?”
Montressa put in. The others nodded. Erin hesitated.
“…What am I supposed to do?”
“Enjoy it?”
“Listen to what he’s saying?”
“Stop asking ‘why’?”
“Reciprocate?”
The group turned towards Drassi. The [Reporter] held her claws up.
“Only if she wants to!”
From the looks of it, that was the last thing on Erin’s mind. Which was…in itself curious. Selys had long observed that Erin seemed to lack even a single romantic bone in her body. Heck—Selys might have had the ill-fated relationship with Hawk she felt very bad about now—but she had wanted, well, romance.
Wasn’t that a natural thing? From Jelaqua to Bezale to Lasica to…well, the kids were kids. But even they pretended to play ‘inn’, and such.
Each in their own style. It was definitely wrong to say it was all one thing. For instance, Rufelt was not Wailant was not…Maughin. But the commonality was there. Short-term, like Drassi’s flings. Long-term marriages…
“Erin, do you want to…fall in love?”
Selys put it into a simple question as direct as the Earl’s. Erin stared at her friend.
“What kind of question is that?”
“A pertinent one? If you’re going to be all Dullahan about it—”
“Hey, that’s speciesist!”
“—you should let people know. I guess the first question—the only question is, Erin—do you want to be in a relationship?”
Erin opened her mouth. Selys went on.
“Someday. Ever?”
Fierre offered a blood sausage to Mrsha as she sidled up. The Gnoll sniffed it, and declined. Apista buzzed about—she wanted in on this too! Fierre ducked.
Everyone else waited. This was the question. Heck, Krshia Silverfang might have turned around right there and then to join in. Maviola would have ridden in and Ryoka would have probably crawled out of her coma if only she knew this was what was at stake.
As it turned out, the answer was easy. Erin Solstice’s gaze cleared. She looked at Galina, Rose, Imani, around at the others, and then at Selys. It was a whisper, but it was certain.
“Yes.”
Selys exhaled.
“Then I guess that’s one problem solved. Now we just have to figure out everything else.”
