Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 10
Third, they weren’t being crowded at their spot; it was designated, and their performance wasn’t being rushed because they had to earn enough coppers to justify their job—this was a job they’d chosen and enjoyed. They had homes, food, and someone was playing on a stringed instrument in the distance, so if they didn’t keep talking, they could listen to that or talk to other Minotaurs or visitors.
“Music while you work. They stole that from Noelictus. Although, it might just be a performer. A number of Minotaurs practice music.”
“They do?”
The idea of a Minotaur delicately blowing into a horn was beyond Ocello. He envisioned drums or warhorns—and Saimh gave him a stern look. The older Drake had a huge scar that ran down his chest.
Not a war-wound from battle, Ocello had learned. An old infection that had nearly killed him as a child. He scratched at it absent-mindedly.
“You still only think of their army, Ocello. The House of Minos is proportionally high in how many fight, but that’s only because their population is carefully matched with the size of their islands. Most Minotaurs have never swung a blade, nor need to. Look—they have pets. See? There’s one of their Astelain.”
The Drake looked back just in time to recoil with a shout. That was because a giant thing had just come ambling down the street! It was…
What was it? A mutated beaver? It was bigger than a beaver. In fact—it was rodent-like, but it had such giant fur that Ocello had thought it was a dog.
“Wh—what’s that?”
“I think it’s got another name in Baleros. A…capybara?”
The oversized rodent was indeed as large as a Fortress Beaver, but it just plopped down next to the Minotaurs, accepted some seaweed, and began to chew it down next to the [Fish Gutters].
“Those are Minotaur pets?”
Ocello couldn’t take his eyes off them. In fact, they were so chill and relaxed and he realized there were a lot of them, more than cats, dogs, or birds, that he suddenly wanted to pet one and see what it was like.
“Go ahead. You can talk to anyone. They’ll tell you if they’re busy.”
Ocello did, and a few minutes later, he decided that the Astelain were quite nice. They were so relaxed—probably because most threats that usually preyed on rodents wouldn’t even have a shot at bothering them.
“Those aren’t our only pets. But you’ll have to wait till midday if they decide to come in. Merchant Saimh. Going to tour the islands? I hear you’re retiring this year. It will be a shame.”
One of the [Gutters] recognized the older Drake, and Saimh smiled sadly.
“My time has come. But I am glad I will be missed…I have obligations, and I’ve decided to give up my trading life.”
“Understandable. Family or what have you come first. But I encourage you to tour the islands and show your apprentice at least the major ones.”
“We may go to Hammerad today, Maweil tomorrow—unless the sales have begun?”
“Excellent choices. Hammerad is always popular thanks to their beaches. No, the sales will take a day to set up. The King is busy with the Isle. She and Khedal both. Which reminds me—we’ll put in ten hours, everyone. No work to be done when the fighting begins.”
Ah, now there was the thing Ocello had been waiting for. The other Minotaurs grunted and nodded.
“Fair enough. Ten hours. How will you spend the three days off? We can’t be near the sea…”
“I think I shall climb Honn’s Mountain once more. Or dredge some new land along Caeitl. I nearly have eighteen feet done.”
“Respectable, respectable. I myself have obligations with my daughter. She wishes to practice with the rapier after the Arbiter Queen.”
