Interlude
Page 17
A skeleton could do a lot if it spent all day and night just carrying dead bodies around. Toren grinned. And then he checked something at his side. A mask. It hung loosely, ready to be put on. Toren hesitated.
The mask called to him. But no adventurers had come into the dungeon for a while. They would come in time. And when they did she would grow louder. But until then, he, Toren was in charge. And he intended to make full use of his time.
The dead bodies lay in piles. Some were already stirring. The dead were rising. Toren carefully shut the door. Soon, there would be more undead. And he knew that they would grow stronger in death, especially with so many dead bodies. He had wondered what would happen if he could harness that power. The dungeon was full of monsters. Full of enemies. Alone, Toren could only run. But with an army?
The skeleton didn’t cackle because again, that was a thing that required lungs. But he was good at grinning. And he did just that. He grinned and squatted by the door. Waiting. And the dead lay. And began to rise.
 
—-
 
Jelaqua noticed the first zombie get up as she prepared the pyre. She glanced at it.
“We should burn the rest of the bodies.”
Seborn and Moore glanced at her. The Selphid amended her statement.
“Not us. But the city should. Hells, isn’t there a suppression company for hire on Izril? They’d already be here if this were Baleros.”
“Different continent, Jelaqua.”
“I guess. But Liscor will be swimming in undead if they don’t do something soon.”
“More work for adventurers.”
“It’s just—”
Jelaqua sighed and shook her head. She stared down at the wood as Moore poured oil on the branches. Here was one less undead to worry about. The half-Giant paused as he splashed oil on the body in the center of the pyre.
“Are you sure, Jelaqua?”
He looked at her. The Selphid hesitated. She looked down at the body. Garen Redfang stared up at her. He had no right to look as happy as he did in death. Not with his chest filled with holes. He had taken two dozen stabs from Relc’s spear before he’d fallen. And before that—
Jelaqua traced the hole in his chest. Just above his heart. It was a clean strike. She wouldn’t have imagined anyone could hit him like that. Even a Goblin Lord.
“You know, guys, Selphids love dead bodies like this.”
The Selphid spoke quietly. Moore and Seborn looked up at her. They knew most of what Jelaqua meant, but they let her say it anyways. The Selphid, wearing the Raskghar’s body, spoke quietly.
“Among my people, the bodies of warriors over Level 30 are worth their weight in gold. More, really. Something happens to people as they level. They change. Even in death, bodies like that are as strong as steel. They don’t break. I’ve seen it happen. People moving long after their hearts have stopped. After they’ve taken wounds that would kill them.”
Seborn grunted. He stared down at Garen and shook his head.
“Treasure to the Selphids. He was a traitor, regardless of how he died.”
“But he came back.”
Moore hunched over his staff. He didn’t weep. None of the Halfseekers did. But neither did he look away from Garen. Seborn looked away. Jelaqua nodded.
“He did. But he was a traitor, Moore. By all rights I should claim his body. Or leave it to rot. That’s what Selphids do.”
“To your enemies?”
“No. And not to our friends, either. To the useless. That’s the biggest sign of contempt.”
The other two Halfseekers looked at her.
“Well?”
Jelaqua bent over Garen. She stared down at him. At the slight smile on his face. And she thought of all he was. All he had been. Traitor. Murderer. Friend. Companion.
