Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 29
It got to the stage that Azam was directly consulted on what would happen if they came to blows. The Djinni spoke, one of the rare times Pisces had heard.
“I could not down the Emir Riqre’s four hundred and forty one [Guards] alone and keep you safe, Igheriz. They possess blades that could wound even one such as I. He has…servants who could do the same.”
He meant the other [Slaves]. This was what disconcerted Hrome and Igheriz’ [Guards]. Their willingness to rape and abuse [Slaves] still meant they were Traders of Roshal, who obeyed certain laws. They regarded Riqre creating the cannibal classes as truly monstrous.
Yet when they subtly or unsubtly mixed with Riqre’s people, they got the same answer when asking about Riqre’s extremes.
“The Emir must have his passions.”
“Roshal does not impugn him, so we shall not. He pays very well.”
“You grow used to such things. Or you end up like Tenir. Happy enough, you think, don’t you?”
Riqre’s [Slaves] mixed with Pisces and some of the others on the first night. Some had decorative collars; none had manacles and they all began telling the others how wonderful Riqre was.
“He is the Emir beyond Emirs. You will love him, and weep if he sells you! His [Guards] are the most loyal and he produces fine servants. He rarely takes others into his confidence. Beg your masters to sell you to him! If you are worthy.”
Each one was, without exception, beautiful. Mostly female. Pisces noticed that uneasily. Largely Stitchfolk too, which discomforted Igheriz. The fantastical adoration though, puzzled Pisces.
Even Astotha glared at the woman addressing her, sharing their dinner.
“You don’t need to say that every second! Your master won’t hear you if you complain—unless he can? Are there spells or…?”
She looked uneasily at the other [Slave]’s gilded collar, but the woman just gave Astotha a blank look.
“I am not lying or omitting complaints. If I had any, I would say them. Look at Emir Riqre. Do you see any faults?”
She turned and gave the Emir a look of such admiration that everyone fell silent. Her smile was…unnerving. Too wide…Pisces felt the same uneasy tingle he had when he’d laid eyes on the [Carrion Eaters].
Something was terribly wrong.
The dinner was interrupted by Riqre summoning Pisces. The [Necromancer] rose and, escorted by two [Guards], was drawn over to Igheriz and Hrome. The two men were on their feet, and many [Guards] were retching; unable to eat.
“Ah, but you get used to it! Come, Pisces. Let me show you how to use basic necromancy. This is one of my projects. For Roshal’s ranks of [Assassins], you see? Not one of the poor ones. This child will be one of the best, in time. You see?”
The Emir ate with good humor. And he showed Pisces. The [Necromancer] looked over and saw…zombies.
Zombies, the most basic of undead, swaying, attached to the caravan. Rotting. They were undead, animated by a basic spell, a cheap, weak one. There was nothing unique about them, yet they were so…decrepit that Pisces was confused.
The zombies had missing internals, damaged bone, and every sign of degradation as undead got. Even zombies could ‘decay’, or simply lose their ability to function if they took enough damage, yet someone had continually reanimated them. Was there a lack of bodies?
Even more confusing still was the [Slave] who had been brought out. A little half-Elf stood there, blank-eyed. holding a shortsword in his hand. Alive—and young.
“Emir Riqre, what are you…?”
“Silence. Rophir—begin!”
