Interlude – Chocolate Alchemy
Page 15
The two took another measure of each other. This was not how Erin’s plan had been supposed to go. She’d been wavering between using the chocolate on Chaldion, Grimalkin, and Saliss, but she’d settled on Saliss because he seemed like he had the most of what Erin wanted/needed. But she’d forgotten what Saliss was like, incredible as it was.
Or perhaps, she’d underestimated him. Erin nodded at the vial in his claws.
“What did you make? Some new exploding potion? And why do you need my fire? I know Xif wants to experiment, but is my fire that useful?”
The Drake shook his head.
“It’s a youth potion, actually. And your fire is helping cut one of my processes and save me, oh, a good amount of gold. The happy flame, you see? The heat isn’t just physical. It makes you feel all warm inside, and that works on an alchemical level too…”
Erin’s mouth dropped. She barely caught the rest of his explanation.
“Youth potion? You mean—it makes you younger? As in, eternal youth?”
Saliss blinked. He waved a claw, laughing.
“What? No, no…just for like, a week. Anti-aging potions are the other thing and they’re a pain to make.”
“But for a week? Wait, go back. You can make anti-aging potions? Really?”
The [Alchemist] grinned.
“You don’t need one. And the best I can do is about two years. And trust me—those are harder to make than these. But this infernal brew—which I can make one in ten times on a good day—will sell for more gold than you can imagine. All the old people scramble for it. Who wouldn’t want to be young for a day, right?”
Erin could just imagine. She looked at Saliss and felt—unprepared. She knew he was good, but a youth potion? He flipped it up into the air and caught it.
“I’m going to run it down to the Merchant’s Guild after this. They’ll auction it off and stuff. Don’t tell anyone I can make them. Or if you do—tell rich people. But I hate being bothered about it.”
He nodded casually at Erin. She just looked at him.
“Why can you make one of those potions? Wait—is it that easy?”
The Drake paused.
“No. It’s not. But I can make them because I’m one of the best in the world at my job. Old Xif goes wide. But I do battle mixes and the kind of stuff that earns real money. And you came to get my potions because you want to blow something up. What, exactly?”
He looked at Erin, grinning. And Erin—hesitated. She could pretend, or she could trust the instinct that said he was onto her.
“I don’t know what I’m blowing up. It could be monsters. Or just something nasty. An Adult Creler, for instance. I have these um, acid jars. Made out of acid fly acid.”
“Nasty! Wait, do you have a source? I’d love to buy that. You can intensify the effects, although containing the substance is hard. Okay, for monsters. And what were you going to pay me with?”
The Drake sat cross-legged. Erin pointed at the bag.
“Um. I have chocolate? And I can make more. Like—cakes. Ice cream. Chocolate milk. I was going to invite you to my inn for food if you want?”
Saliss’ eyes widened. He shot to his feet.
“Food? You had me at food! I’m starving. Let’s go. I’ll leave this here.”
He tossed the vial onto the carpet, turned, and then ran back to stomp on it again. He really seemed to be holding a grudge over the precious liquid. But then again—did he say eight hours and six failures? Erin hesitated.
“I can’t pay you much. But if I could get a few potions…uh—”
She was embarrassed by the way she was asking. She had a different vision of how this would go, hopefully with Saliss having a huge sweet tooth. Which he clearly had, but this was different. To her surprise though, Saliss turned.
