Interlude – Talia
Page 33
The armored figure paused. When he spoke, it was succinctly.
“[Knights] fight well. But you fight battles. Some Goblins will escape. I will not let Goblins escape when I hunt.”
The Order of Seasons exchanged glances. Ser Lorell’s voice was confused.
“So what if a few Goblins escape, Sir Goblin Slayer? They may rebuild, but Goblins are impossible to eradicate. It would be quicker to—”
The helmet turned.
“Do you want to know…how Goblin Lords are made?”
The company of [Knights] fell silent. All eyes focused on the Goblin Slayer. He spoke slowly. But this time the words came more fluently. As if he’d said this before. No—they came from the heart. The grating voice echoed as Talia looked at him, his hunched figure.
“It happens like this. There is always a tribe. Always Goblins. And adventurers hunt Goblins. Or [Knights]. Or an army. Doesn’t matter. They kill them. All but one or two. Because Goblins hide.”
He looked up, meeting eyes with his visor. The [Knights] listened, silent. The Goblin Slayer’s voice darkened.
“And that one Goblin that lives? It remembers. It learns. Usually it still dies. But sometimes it lives. And then it grows older. Gets stronger. It never forgets. That Goblin becomes a Hobgoblin. And then a Chieftain. And then a Goblin Lord. If it is strong enough. It remembers. And it seeks vengeance.”
“The survivor.”
Talia murmured. The helmet swung towards her.
“Yes. Few can become Goblin Lords or Chieftains. Few can become Hobs. But a Goblin that sees its tribe die. That Goblin has a reason to become one. So if you want to stop Goblin Lords? You kill every Goblin in a tribe.”
“The one that remains seeks—”
Dame Chise looked at the Goblin Slayer. And then she glanced at her companions. Slowly, the Order of Seasons nodded. The Goblin Slayer missed the looks they gave each other. But then Ser Lorell stood.
“Your point is made, Sir Slayer. If you are certain you need no help—”
“There will be no Goblins.”
The voice was flat. Talia saw Ser Lorell nod. The older [Knight] looked at the Goblin Slayer. And there was some sympathy there. It was an easy story, after all.
“In that case, we shall return. We would extend the hospitality of the road to you, Sir Slayer. At least rest a day before tackling this tribe. Unless they’ll move?”
“No. The Ogres will make them stay.”
“Then come with us.”
Talia reached for the Goblin Slayer. He moved back, and she lowered her hand. She stared at the dark visor and inclined her head slowly.
“It would be an honor, Sir Slayer. Let us at share our company and speak to Ser Eldein’s valor a moment longer.”
She thought he’d refuse. But at Ser Eldein’s name, the Goblin Slayer turned to look at the grave. Then he nodded.
“Fine.”
 
—-
 
The company was subdued at first, returning the way they’d come through the forest. They found their mounts and the Goblin Slayer was offered Ser Eldein’s mount. He refused, and instead trotted along. It didn’t matter; the Order of Seasons kept their pace slow.
They mourned Ser Eldein. But he had died well. So instead they praised them, taking a lesson from earlier that week. And many were interested in the Goblin Slayer. Talia walked alongside him as he kept pace with the horses. Dame Chise wanted to know what the magical axe was. He let her inspect it and the woman nodded in appreciation.
“Jade and gold. Or perhaps truegold. The kind the Dwarves and master [Smiths] can shape. I think the enchantment is a light form construct. Brittle, yet sharp as any steel. Worthy of any full [Knight] of the Summer. A fine weapon, Sir Slayer. Where did you come by it?”
