Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 69
Oh, her eyes were filled with a thousand shining stars of light. Like the reaches of space. The air around her glimmered with magic. It was all contained in her chest.
The great [Shaman] of the Gnolls stopped in the center of the floor and turned. Rose and Inkar tripped after her. There came Gire, looking up at Firrelle, Satar, watching, as three Gnolls halted.
Yelroan, who looked at Xherw and smiled at his [Chieftain]’s surprise. Feshi looked at Torishi and saw her aunt beaming proudly. Adetr looked up at Iraz and bowed his head.
“Gnolls of Izril! You have heard the revelations of another world. They are terrifying. The world is changing. You fear what they have done and might do—rightly. I will never say that the world has been kind to us. Yet—as a young Gnoll pointed out to me—we lack perspective. It is too hard to look through another’s eyes.”
Theikha spoke to the assembled Gnolls, and one of them, Akrisa, almost guessed what was intended. She looked down at Satar and saw Theikha gesture.
“A great magic took place here once, to reveal the truth. Now—I hope to work one again. For only good, this time. For understanding. Permit me this moment. Rose, Inkarr. Take my paws.”
She reached out, and the staff floated upwards around her, curling her body as it defied gravity. Inkar and Rose gulped, then both young women reached out and took Theikha’s hands. They gasped as if they were touching the font of some immense power.
A Giant’s hands. That was how she looked to Adetr. But the [Battle Seeker] slowly looked at Rose and saw her glance at him.
“Will you try to see more than just death and battle?”
“I will try.”
He whispered and took her hand in his paws as gently as he could. On the other side, Feshi looked at Inkar.
“My teacher, the Titan of Baleros, always told me the world looks differently from where you stand. I want to see what he means.”
Inkar smiled.
“Me too. I want to show you.”
They linked hands. Then was Yelroan. He hesitated. He looked at them.
“I can’t…I have math, but I have no understanding of the rest. I don’t know people as well. I’ve been a fool and blind.”
He looked at Theikha. She didn’t respond. A current was running around them. Feshi nodded.
“I want to see. I can provide understanding. I have seen many peoples.”
“I have seen war. But I do not—I cannot make sense of the rest. You can. But I cannot understand it all.”
Adetr hesitated as well. Theikha’s head rose. It was incomplete. They were missing something.
So a giant girl stepped forward and Gire captured Yelroan’s paw in hers. She took Feshi’s paw and looked around.
“I can understand it. Whatever they made—I can understand it. Whatever you can do, I can do better. Trust me.”
She smiled, that arrogant [Paragon].
“We’re still missing something.”
Theikha’s voice was dreamy. Not a [Chieftain] moved. Not a Gnoll made a sound. The [Shaman]’s head turned, searching. She did not have to look far.
Satar started. The [Storyteller] saw the [Shaman] nod.
“Satar. Join us.”
“But I don’t have a Skill…”
“We have logic and math and understanding. We have the children of another world. But that is not enough. We need someone to fill in the gaps. Stand with us, Satar.”
So the [Storyteller] walked forwards like she was in a dream. She took Yelroan’s other paw and Adetr’s. One by one, they lowered their heads.
“I call upon something greater than each of us. I am [Shaman of Tribe and Plains]. I summon the magic of the tribes. My magic is [Magic of a Thousand Souls].”
