Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 39
“More loot, more levels, more prisoners, Wing Commander. Liscor’s army loves it all. Give me your best! I’ll sell your helmet with the rest!”
The Gnoll replied cheerfully, quoting one of Liscor’s army’s adages. The other members of 4th Company laughed and cheered, and Embria smiled. Ramia glanced at them.
“Liscor’s Army. I haven’t seen it in…ten years. I forgot how much I liked hearing the [Soldiers] on leave shouting that.”
Embria glanced at Ramia and then looked around for those familiar insects in armor. She saw Wikir frown, and Pielt looked up with a glower.
“Yeah. We miss the city too. But you know how it is. Always another front. We never came back too regularly.”
Ramia nodded uncertainly and brushed some fur out of her helm.
“But once every few years. Is it just…the Antinium? I wasn’t comfortable with them myself, but I’ve met some of them. Senior Guardsman Klbkch—everyone knew them, and they aren’t…monsters. Belgrade plays chess. Is it just that?”
Wing Commander Embria found she was suddenly very uncomfortable with this line of questioning. She coughed.
“Of course they’re not. But High Command and a lot of the veterans…fought against them. Sserys? General Sserys? Hero of Izril and Liscor? You know what they did.”
Twenty years ago. She was too young to remember that, not really. She just remembered Relc being really upset whenever she asked how he died later on. Liscor’s army had been with Sserys, a great number of them.
None had come back.
Ramia nodded, looking conflicted. Embria was grateful she was interrupted from another question.
“Speaking of adding to provisions, make sure you get it all checked for rot or poison, obviously. But if you take out a commander’s tent, you can find good eating. Let’s see what we eugh! Wing Commander!”
The Wing Commander and Ramia turned, and Vell nearly dropped what she was holding. She’d been going through Hectval’s rations, and she lifted a tin can in outrage.
“What, Vell? Is it asparagus? Grow up. Until you see an Asparagus-monster, I’m not convinced there’s a problem!”
Embria shouted and the other [Soldiers] laughed. Vell glared back, waving the tin.
“It’s not that! Wing Commander, take a look at what these Hectval bastards eat! If there was ever a good reason to go to war—this confirms we should wipe ‘em out!”
Curious now, Embria trotted over. She expected something revolting, although she couldn’t imagine what was worse than the Antinium’s paste. Not that they ate bugs. Did Hectval eat…?
She stared down into the tin perplexed for a moment. Ramia gave a huge sniff.
“Doesn’t smell bad. What is…”
The two women stared down into the tinned can of Hectval’s rations. They looked at Vell’s face, and Embria gingerly poked the half-eaten ration of…
“Is that…is it…pudding?”
The entire object wobbled from Embria’s poke. She saw Wikir crack open another tin and make a face.
“Eugh. It’s all of this. What is it?”
“Some kind of gelled…it’s not pudding. It looks like sausage mixed with congealed…what is this? Someone get me a prisoner!”
Embria was mildly revolted. Ramia was outraged. When one of the bruised Drakes was hauled up, he stared blankly at her when she thrust the tin into his face.
“What? You gonna feed us to the Ants? You’ve got our food—”
“Shut it. What is this?”
He went cross-eyed as she thrust the wobbling dish in front of his face.
“…Food? You gonna eat that?”
He looked hungrily at the can. Vell, Embria, Wikir, and Ramia traded glances. The Gnoll pointed a paw down.
“This is food? What, exactly, is it?”
The Drake considered the question.
