Interlude – Meetings and Friendships
Page 13
The two were speaking in silence. Maviola had activated a privacy charm. She grimaced as she took a mug, sipped from it.
“Watch it. But for the potion and I’d be using my wheelchair.”
“Right. Hard to imagine seeing you now. Well, I made a four hundred mile trip from Invrisil rather than use that new door just so I could see your face when I rode at you in the chariot.”
“Was it worth it?”
Lady Gresaria bared her teeth, showing Maviola the gaps and places where she’d replaced enamel with gold.
“Are you joking with me, Maviola? It was worth every miserable mile! The look on your face made me three decades younger, I’ll swear. It reminded me of the time we attacked that little pissant, Adeis. Remember?”
“When we joined forces? Of course.”
Maviola laughed. She remembered that moment too. Gresaria laughed too, until she coughed. She thumped on her chest.
“Figures you’d need a potion before I did, Maviola. You were always soft.”
“Here we go again. A [Sea Lady] can outrun a soft land-lady—I recall I won a footrace against you.”
“On land. Look who needed a Potion of Youth just to walk about.”
That was true. Maviola raised a fist, but decided not to punch Gresaria. Even now—the old lady could probably beat her.
 
—-
 
“Who are they?”
“Lady Gresaria of the House of Wellfar, and Maviola El of the House of El. Two members of the Five Families. Maviola El was the matriarch of the House of El before she retired. Both of them are over a century old.”
Lyonette du Marquin rubbed at one ear. Mrsha’s jaw dropped. She, Numbtongue, Bird, and Apista had come back with a bag of fish. Lyonette turned to Lady Desinee.
“Could you repeat that? I think I’ve gone deaf and stupid.”
Erin Solstice said nothing. She had known. But seeing Lady Gresaria there…she just watched. One young woman, one old. In body. But in spirit…
The fire burned. An [Immortal Moment] showed Erin two young women. One, with green hair mixed with a brown like Erin’s. Definitely more muscular than Maviola. The two were arguing, at each other’s throats—until the one with green hair grabbed her spear and Maviola ran for it, throwing fire…
 
—-
 
The secret was out. Maviola El looked at Gresaria and felt her age in full. It was easy to forget when she was away from Invrisil, Liscor. But Gresaria—
“You’ve lost all your green, Gresaria.”
“Eh. I had a few hairs last I checked.”
The woman’s skin was still tanned, but lines had changed her. She was thinner, had lost most of the muscle of her youth. In her prime—at the same age as Maviola, she had been a force.
Now—Gresaria took another sip of the healing potion and grimaced.
“They just don’t make them like they used to. Or…I’ve grown too resistant. Scars hurt. Including a few burns you gave me.”
She looked at Maviola, but there was no real rancor in Gresaria’s gaze. The delight and nostalgia that had swept through the two of them for a little while had turned into something else.
“I suppose you heard about my stunt.”
The [Harbormistress] nodded.
“Of course I did. I started looking for you the moment I did. You just off and leaving—well, you were always headstrong like that. A hundred years hasn’t changed you, Maviola.”
“Thank you.”
The old woman snorted. She glanced at Maviola.
“You always knew how to piss me off. All this time and you can just up and leave your family. Never mind your replacement—well. I’ll give you credit for one thing. You do look beautiful.”
Maviola didn’t know what to say to that. Gresaria looked her up and down and shook her head.
“When I die—I would like to do it like that. Sometime within the decade. Perhaps sooner.”
