Interlude – Conversations
Page 4
“So why do you wish to speak to me rather than the other Lucifen? Did you say a young woman? Then you’ve come to us with sense, Visophecin. One of us should be at court. You know you don’t…deal well with mortals.”
Lady Gadrea of House Shoel coughed, looking tired in Lesy’s absence. But she drew herself up and regarded her cousin. Cousin, which confused people because they were both of House Shoel. But that was just for appearances. After all…Visophecin looked at her strange gaze, her tall, frail body, but with a passion and vigor that seemed to defy her weak flesh.
What had Ryoka called her? He nodded to his kin.
“I seek the council of all Agelum, Gadrea. Not just you. I was concerned you were on your feet.”
She looked after Lesy.
“I couldn’t leave her behind. They grow up so fast, and the darling Sariant Lambs bring them so much joy.”
“Yes. They do a fine job.”
Visophecin agreed, absently. He looked at the grave. The cemetery. All the things designed to make the servants’ lives as happy as possible. Not for him. He thought he would have run a pleasant household with minimal interaction if given the chance; the kind of efficiency you got from the top [Maids] and [Butlers]. Magnolia Reinhart was an exemplar in that area, or so his notes went for the current serving scene.
But Gadrea needed Lesy, tears and joy in all, just like Visophecin needed the dregs of Ailendamus. Of course, she would rather die than harm a hair on Lesy’s head. But she still took something from the girl. Or perhaps…basked in it, for he didn’t think it was like [Witches] or other such classes or monsters.
Happiness. When the staff were content, thriving, in passion, Gadrea and her kin lived. Even now, she smiled like…an Angel.
 
——
 
But what did an angel smile like? Visophecin told her no lies. They were too close, and Gadrea might not be the greatest of her kind, but she was close. She grew excited as she paced around the cemetery.
“From another world? And you did what to her? I could harm you, Visophecin.”
He watched her, because that was no idle threat—or wouldn’t be if she were in better health. Gadrea glared at him.
“Have you no thought for how a young woman would perceive it? After so long?”
“I was carried away. I rectified the issue.”
Gadrea shook her head. Her cheeks were slightly flushed, but they had turned a lighter color, rather than darker. Light blue?
“I must speak to her! I must ask her—oh, everything. You said she brought Fithea comfort? Why, then she must be an ally! And Rhisveri should grant her whatever she needs. I am glad you saw sense. If there is another place out there…”
Her eyes sparkled with the very possibility. She was no fool. Visophecin remarked quietly.
“She trusted me because she was aware of how valuable she was. But I have not earned her trust. Nor do I intend to blindly invoke whatever powers brought her here.”
“Visophecin! Have you no trust? An extraordinary girl comes here, with the daring, the drive to stand up to Rhisveri and you, knowing what you two are, and it truly strikes no chord? Imagine what she could become. How old is she?”
“Hm. I would say…twenty two?”
“Twenty two. Dead gods. I can almost picture her. Such bravery. And—and you were cold.”
Gadrea turned, almost resignedly, to Visophecin. He touched his chin.
“…No, actually. I rather desired to keep dancing with her. Even court her.”
“Really? This is wonderful! Astonishing! Inconceivable, truthfully!”
Gadrea clapped her hands, becoming even more animated. Visophecin’s smile was crooked.
