Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 27
It all went well right up until they investigated the battery. It turned out batteries did explode. Fortunately, the Fraerling who’d made the incision survived the first flare of fire.
“[Forcewall]! [Lesser Teleport]! [Repair], now! Everyone back!”
The battery was saved, much to Luan’s relief. The [Engineer] was teleported out so fast that the flare of acid or whatever was reacting didn’t touch them, and the hole was plugged and it was sealed back up in moments.
“Not a bad energy source! A shame we can’t convert the…well, maybe we can. [Aeromancer], can you detect the latent charge of this battery-thing at what Luan calls 100%? Then, convert it into a magical figure. Let’s see how it stacks up compared to your average Sage’s Grass plant. Four-months of growth versus one phone battery.”
A bunch of Fraerlings bustled around and showed the Alchimeer a figure. He took one look.
“Double-check that. That can’t be right.”
“Already done. Unless we’re off…”
The Human watched as another [Mage] specializing in lightning magic put hands on the battery, frowning.
“Something wrong?”
“Maybe it’s how this thing converts to electricity. Human Luan, we’re getting, well, our math isn’t off, but this is below 1% of a Sage’s Grass plant’s energy, converting electricity to magical force. Here.”
He had to draw the numbers bigger, but Luan could see that there were a lot of numbers after the decimal.
“Magic might just be more powerful than Earth technology, Alchimeer. Phone batteries have to be recharged each day and we don’t have healing potions.”
“Makes sense. The amount of energy to knit muscle…so we have an edge on energy. I guess there go hopes of replacing Paeth’s entire mana supply on your ‘solar’ or geothermal stuff. Wait, am I an idiot? If your entire phone runs on this much power, we could power all of Paeth at a fraction of the cost if we can convert mana to your energy! Now. How do you make air conditioning?”
Luan had no idea. Which disappointed the Fraerling [Engineers] no end, but he attracted their attention back again.
“Paige studied this kind of thing. If anyone could tell you more, it’s her. We also have other devices.”
That, of course, led to the Architects meeting.
“More Humans? This is exactly the problem. I have to overrule this. Maybe more devices, but more Humans goes into matters of security, Architects.”
“Even if it advances the Great Project a thousand years? Gnomes guide us, Sentry Leader—and I think they are—this is more than just Paeth! Farspeaker, you intend to contact every other settlement within hailing distance, don’t you?”
Ekrn hesitated. The Farspeaker was nodding to Citivican Loust.
“We have to share this. Human Luan is an acceptable risk given what we’re reaping. Frankly, I can already see the possibilities.”
“Turning into a Fraerling settlement with ties to the Tallfolk isn’t a light decision, Architects.”
Guidance Heish nodded. She looked around.
“We can’t be quick. Sentry Leader, what would you propose?”
Ekrn frowned.
“I trust Luan, but at this point, I want the Skywatcher and all the Tallguard back from their Gathering Run before any other Tallfolk even hear of this spot. Yes, we can trust Luan. I advise we give him all due help.”
“How are we doing with that, Alchimeer?”
The Fraerling was distracted, clearly wanting to go back to analyzing the dearth of information. He chewed at one lip.
