Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 9
—Still, his opponent was nearly impossible to read. The outer layer? Of course. The challenge was one no one had managed yet, to his knowledge.
Another man might tread carefully. But the Earl had a royal order threatening to drag him back—and the [Knights] would do it if it came to it, despite being in his service. Moreover—Altestiel was Altestiel. Unlike Lord Bel, he didn’t dance.
When it came to it, he played his hand and let the rain fall. The [Knight Marshal] sighed and mustered his best cards.
“You know, Miss Solstice. The answer is…you. Desonis is far from Liscor, or even Izril. I would hate to be out of touch with such a fine chess opponent. And an interesting person and place like this!”
Erin’s fingers slipped on a pawn. But then she looked up and smiled.
“Thanks, Altestiel! I wish you could stay a bit—but maybe we can play chess via [Message]? You know chess notation, right?”
“Strategist’s Olesm’s magazine has educated me as to it. Such a complex system. I wonder where he got it from?”
“…Mhm…”
Erin avoided the gaze. Altestiel waited; he could handle the awkward silence. But so could she.
“Your move.”
The [Knight Marshal] checked the board.
“It is indeed. Miss Erin Solstice. Do you know much about Desonis?”
“…It’s got a [Knight Marshal]?”
He laughed. Erin clarified.
“And it’s on the coast. But um—no.”
“That is quite fair. Desonis is rather waterlogged, in fact. Many tributaries—if you have a map, it looks like fingers, bits of land instead of a solid coastline. Marshy would be an uncharitable way of describing it. I’m told some Lizardfolk feel right at home, and we actually have a small population.”
Hexel nodded as he passed by the table. Altestiel made a small gesture towards him and the Lamia grinned and bowed slightly. The Earl went on.
“We specialize in fishing, as many coastal nations do, but we also have some rather fine sky-buildings—that is to say, highly elevated architecture, to deal with the flooding that often occurs during monsoon seasons. And if I might say so—Desonis pottery is rather well-sought across the world. Excellent clay and other deposits in the marshes, you see.”
“Ooh. That does sound nice. I’d like to visit someday.”
“I should like that quite a bit. A shame your door has not nearly the reach. And teleportation on that level is…impossible for all but an Archmage. It would tax even my finances.”
The Earl sighed. Yes indeed. Then he looked at Erin.
“But I would be delighted if that ‘someday’ were sooner, Miss Solstice. Have you ever considered travelling?”
Erin hesitated. Olesm’s head rotated slightly at his table.
“Well—to the other Walled Cities? But it’s far for even that. It sounds very far to Terandria.”
“Could I offer you an escort? Passage, lodging?”
“That’s tempting! Maybe when I have time…someday. Sorry.”
Altestiel smiled as Erin looked up guiltily.
“That is the problem, isn’t it? You’d have to have a sufficient reason to travel about. Well, Erin…it may be indelicate of me to put it just so, considering we have only met, but I hope you might consider it seriously. I would be delighted to entertain you. And I think you might find Desonis to your liking. I cannot transport your inn across the world—but I would arrange any number of other alternatives. Lodging for however many guests? A second inn?”
Erin Solstice hesitated as she reached for a knight in trouble.
“That’s—super generous, Altestiel. But we’d be an inconvenience.”
“I assure you, it would be my delight.”
