Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 14
Se-Hexri and Yazdil. The two were bidding slower now, reaching their limit. Pisces couldn’t understand why this female Emira wanted him, but he had a suspicion. Maybe…
As for the Naga? The [Mage] hesitated, put a finger to his brow. He reconfirmed, then whispered.
“The Naga tires of the bidding. He has put the price for Pisces Jealnet at nine hundred thousand gold pieces, and invites the Emira to go by the hundred thousand from now on.”
Dead silence reigned in the caravan. Then Igheriz laughed, the wild laugh of a man who had struck all lotteries. However, Hrome shook his head, nearly white with shock himself.
“There is no way she has enough to match that. Se-Hexri would beggar herself already, whatever fortune she has stashed away. There is no way…”
“And the spellbook is still to be auctioned! But we will keep that secret until I reach Roshal. I need not want for gold—and I shall give you 1% of what I now earn, Hrome! Never let it be said your generosity goes unpaid!”
Igheriz laughed and laughed. Pisces waited, but Se-Hexri had nothing more to bid. The true power behind her could have bid more, but he would have had to justify why.
So the Necromancer raged and the Naga won. As he always did. Now, Pisces felt the chains grow tighter, for here was a nine hundred thousand gold [Slave]. If there ever had been any chance of sweet-talking the [Guards]…now there was none. Each one had been promised a bonus for delivering Pisces. Hundreds or thousands of gold pieces; a pittance compared to what Igheriz would get!
If there was any danger, it was to the Caravan Master, Pisces realized. So did Igheriz. He now knew he carried true value, and Hrome’s speed would be essential. However—any thoughts of quickly taking Pisces themselves that surely existed in the [Guards]’ minds were forestalled because of one being.
Azam. The Djinni hovered, watchful, above them all. Igheriz turned to Pisces, smiling wide.
“You will be sold for more than even Azam, Pisces! More than you are worth, I think. Because Azam is mightiest of all. But then—so goes fame! I am minded to celebrate, but we do so only when we stop! To Roshal! Faster and faster!”
Still, he made merry that night. And that was how Pisces discovered who Eloque was. And how he began to see deeper into Roshal’s depths.
 
—-
 
That night, Igheriz made merriment with wild abandon. He drank, opened a rare cask of wine he had been intending to sell, ate liberally, and shared his good mood even with the [Slaves].
Especially Pisces. The [Necromancer] was allowed to drink, and did so. He drank and drank and carefully made sure Igheriz didn’t see how much was going onto the ground.
This was an opportune moment. The caravan was wildly excited with how much gold was promised for Roshal and they would be going fast to Lailight Scintillation, the port-capital said to be one of the wonders of the world.
They’d be more vigilant after this night. If there was ever a time to make a move, however incautious—it would be when Igheriz was in his cups. Pisces was ready. However—Igheriz surprised him in the worst of all ways.
“I—I knew you were lucky, Pisces. But this is more than you or I dreamed, eh? I will convey you to the Naga and be rich beyond dreams. So—so let us have fun! Eloque! Astotha, fetch her. And you, Pisces. Which one of Hrome’s or mine would you fancy? Cawe? I see you talking.”
Pisces froze, cup halfway to his lips in a feigned drink.
“What do you mean, Igheriz?”
