Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 0

The rain was still falling as the Lischelle-Drakle family bade farewell to Fierre and Ryoka. Magical typhoon Erannda was still chewing up Baleros’ coastline and provoking sympathetic storms around the world.
“But neither rain nor snow and all that.”
Fierre looked at Ryoka, confused. The City Runner coughed.
“Sorry. Just a saying from back home. ‘Neither rain nor snow nor gloom of night shall stay these messengers about their business.’ I think that’s how it goes.”
“Nice saying. Where’s it from, exactly?”
Shit. The problem with being friends with an informant was that she could look that up. Fierre saw Ryoka’s face go slack. She raised her hands.
“If you don’t want to talk about it—I won’t look into it, Ryoka. I—my entire family—my species owes you.”
Ryoka smiled. She looked at Fierre, who was extra-bundled up. Hood, gloves, long clothing—she burned even faster by daylight. But she was no longer coughing.
She was healthy. Ryoka was so glad. So relieved.
So angry. If she thought of it too long, Ryoka’s hands would start shaking.
Ylawes. House Byres. The—evil of it. Poisoning an entire continent.
Damn them. But also—because she was Ryoka—part of her mind whispered treacherously.
What if they’re right? What if they had good reasons? What if—
“Ryoka? Are we going?”
Fierre looked at Ryoka. The City Runner glanced up.
“What? Oh. Sorry, Fierre. It was just—I was thinking.”
“About the silver?”
The two started jogging back towards Reizmelt. Ryoka started and eyed her friend. Fierre gestured.
“It was written on your face. Also, your heartbeat picked up.”
“Nice to know I’m friends with a walking lie-detector.”
The young woman groused. Fierre grinned slyly as she adjusted her hood.
“It comes in handy.”
For a while, the two ran through the morning. Ryoka saw Fierre matching her pace, despite having shorter legs, copying her running style. Fierre lost a bit of her superhuman speed and strength in the sun. But not as much as the legends indicated. It was mostly the ‘catching on fire’ thing that made Vampires weaker in daylight.
After a bit, as they ran past grazing cows—a number of farmers lived here along with Fierre’s family—Ryoka felt compelled to bring it up again.
“So, what are you all going to do? We didn’t have much time with the other [Farmer]’s families to talk about it…”
Fierre bit her lip.
“We’re talking about it. We might…move. Somewhere far, far away. That’d be huge. But—”
“Fierre! You forgot your lunch!”
Someone called out after them. Fierre turned red as a man ran after them, moving faster than he had any right to.
“Dad!”
“You left it behind. Don’t give me that look.”
Himilt appeared unapologetically. The [Farmer] stopped Fierre like every parent in the world—except he’d just broken most athlete’s records for a thousand meter dash. Ryoka looked around, but only the cows had observed.
“Here. Meat, bloody—don’t open the bag. You’ll have it go bad! And blood…”
“Dad. Please. Thank you, but you didn’t need to run after us. What if someone had seen you?”
Fierre, embarrassed, shoved the packages into her bag of holding. Himilt gave her a long look and adjusted his scarf and hat.
“You need it. It’s not as if we can give you the farm’s blood. We had to pay for a breeding-goat we were sure came from Chandrar. It might’ve grazed on the way here, but…”
