Interlude – The [Rower] and the [Bartender]
Page 6
Geneva. It beat the roar of the ocean. And for all the pain…he felt solid ground underneath him. He could have slept happily. But the shouting grew louder.
Then, the first steel-toed boot struck him in the jaw.
“Get up! Now!”
A voice barked in Luan’s ear. He grimaced. The boot swung again. A vicious kick!
…It tickled. Which was odd, for steel-toed boots. It had hit him in the jaw, and the voice was loud. But there was one thing off.
Luan opened his eyes and saw the tiny boot swing back for a third kick. It was…about the size of the tip of his finger? He looked up as the man kicked him.
A tiny man, one foot high, bellowed at Luan with a voice that would have fit a man six times his size. He had a bow in one hand, and was blowing a horn in the other.
“Tallguard of Feiland! To me! You, Human, get up!”
He snarled at Luan. The man stared. He had to be dreaming. But no—the shouting grew louder. Luan looked around and saw dozens, nearly a hundred tiny people on the ground.
They were perched in tree branches, raising small shields or swords, many loosing arrows as the rest fought in clusters. And they were fighting…
A huge centipede, the kind that could take off one of Luan’s toes with a single bite, was slithering towards the bleeding man. Luan recoiled; it was a nasty bug!
To the Fraerlings, it was a gigantic beast, many times longer than they were, capable of sawing a man or woman apart at the waist with a single bite. They were loosing little arrows on its position; a Fraerling with an axe was hacking legs off.
That wasn’t the only one. A female Fraerling next to the one who had woken Luan up loosed an arrow.
A Scavenger Toad, all teeth, capable of a nasty bite and not a threat normally unless they tried to eat you when you slept by the hundreds, was hit by the glowing arrow. It shot into the huge, gaping mouth, and blew out its stomach as it tried to swallow the projectile.
Countless jungle predators were trying to eat Luan, following the blood. The Fraerlings were fighting a war in the underbrush. Luan tried to push himself up, but he couldn’t find any strength in his arms.
After the swim, the damned fish—and the crocodile, he’d spent everything he had. Then the tree had…exploded…
“Get up! Get out of here!”
Ekrn swore up at the Human, but he could see how injured Luan was.
“Sentry Master! Incoming from the flanks!”
A Fraerling on over watch barked. Ekrn raised the speaking stone and turned. He bellowed.
“[Clear Position]! Fall back!”
Fraerlings ran as the creature emerged from the undergrowth. The largest predator yet. Luan was fumbling for a potion—anything—but he was out of both. And he felt pain in every part of his body…he heard the frantic scream as Fraerlings spotted the creature. Noa lowered her bow, turning white. Oh no. One of the worst predators of her people had come calling. Ekrn took one look at the familiar, sinuous body, the long fur, the sharp teeth, tufted ears and tail, and shouted.
“Cat. Cat!”
This was no house-cat, but a smaller predator than a leopard—if only just. A scavenger-predator, who preyed on scavengers around dead creatures. Just like this scenario.
It’s fur was dark green-brown, perfect cover in this climate. Fraerlings took up defensive positions as Ekrn shouted.
“Hold your ground and take cover! Permission granted to use enchanted ammunition without limit! Prepare to use your Signim!”
