Interlude – Chess and Ships
Page 8
“Why’d you come, then, you featherbrained bird?”
“I want to see the Walled Cities. Before I go home to Pomle. And find treasure.”
The Garuda stretched. Wil sighed as he looked around.
“We’ll get there. And don’t worry, Venaz. We’re nearing the first site. We won’t be at sea that long.”
“I hope so. I have the Meeting of Tribes to attend, and the Professor is still teaching classes. You are sure we’ll be back in time, Wil?”
Feshi looked at Wil, and the others nodded. Wil was their expert logistician. He nodded; he’d calculated their route and they were on schedule.
“It’s a short trip. We visit the spots the Professor gave us, find anything worth finding, and then head to Izril to drop off Feshi. We should have time to visit Zeres and maybe even a few other Walled Cities—and for Feshi to attend the Meeting of Tribes—before we have to be back for fall classes.”
“A semester’s seminar abroad. The rolling boat beneath my feet, some of the Professor’s best students to keep my mind sharp, and the promise of adventure! Well, just the promise so far. If that’s the worst the sea has, I needn’t have brought my armor or my hammer.”
Merrik sighed. Yerra gave him a sideways look.
“Merrik, you do realize we’ll be fighting at sea? What happens if you fall overboard like Peki?”
The Dwarf snorted.
“Hah! I like water. And I can swim with armor on, unlike the rest of you.”
“That’s so un-Dwarflike.”
“Shut it, Yerranola! All these damned stereotypes about Dwarves and half-Elves. I like swimming, and I like fishing. And I’ll swim laps in my armor around you all—except for Wil.”
The Minotaur in the room was not about to let that slide. Venaz folded his arms and met Merrik’s grinning gaze.
“I can swim with an axe in one hand and fight underwater. Wil, what if we find…something?”
The room fell silent and Wil shivered. What if they found something? It was more than an outside chance. He’d been given the location of a number of sunken shipwrecks by the Titan himself. Every location with a possible artifact of power or…treasure. It was not what Wil had asked for, but it was what he had wanted. He nodded around at the other [Strategists].
“Then we play it by ear, Venaz. And like I said—we split the loot.”
“You take first pick, Wil. You have the map, or locations or whatever, and you found the ship. We just helped pay for it. Well, some of us.”
Yerra looked at Peki, who was destitute. The Garuda shrugged.
“I just want to have an adventure. Treasure aside! Why’d you let us come, though, Wil? Because Umina and Marian turned you down?”
Merrik exclaimed. Wil shook his head.
“I had a short list. Marian and Umina were on it—”
“Not Kissilt? How will we ever live without his soothing ambiance and sweet comments?”
The others laughed. Wil went on, shaking his head.
“Umina’s a great swimmer and she’s brilliant, but she didn’t want to come. Marian would be an asset too, and she’s a great shot, but she hates water and boats. But the rest of you all have something to offer, and Feshi’s got a great cover reason for us to go, for instance.”
“Even me, Wil?”
Yerra leaned over, batting her eyes. Wil smiled.
“Yerra, you’re central to part of the plan.”
“How?”
“I’m not?”
The others exclaimed. Wil nodded to Yerra.
“She’s a Selphid, so she can dive into the water longer than the rest of us. Captain Lasc has some [Divers] and waterbreathing artifacts on his ship, but a Selphid has utility.”
“Ah. So the rest of us?”
Feshi grinned. Wil shrugged.
