Interlude – Dancing and Brawling
Page 10
The Selphid nodded. She had brought someone with her. A…Dullahan. Female, like the Selphid’s body. It reminded Orjin of a Garuda he used to train. Well, hit every time she challenged him and then teach a few new moves to.
Peki. He wondered if she’d ever made it to Baleros. Orjin dismissed the thought. If she was strong, and she was, he would see her again. She had promised to return when she met the Titan.
“Your apprentice?”
He indicated the young Dullahan. Well, ‘young’—she was in her mid-twenties. But young in terms of ability. She was restless, drawn in by the sight of all of Pomle’s warriors gathered. Orjin and the Selphid by comparison were calm.
“Mendi. Introduce yourself.”
“Strongest. I hope to fight today, if I am able. Master Salthorn has taught me for eight months.”
The Dullahan bowed to Orjin. He nodded.
“You seem like a grappling-striking expert. Correct?”
He eyed her muscles and posture. The Dullahan nodded. Orjin was able to tell how his opponent fought most of the time. He remembered another Drake who’d come by when Orjin wasn’t the Strongest. He’d been interested in learning, too.
Perhaps it was the visitors today who were prompting so many memories. Orjin looked at Salthorn.
“The challengers are a large group. The Windcaller’s Wrath. I think.”
“All warriors?”
“They follow their great leader, who is a master of [Martial Arts]. He has come to challenge me, I think.”
Salthorn looked interested. Orjin had been too, when he’d heard that.
“A great master indeed. What is their name?”
Orjin paused.
“I don’t know. Salii informed me they were coming, along with others. So I gathered everyone here.”
It was a regular event in Pomle. At the Strongest’s whim, or for a challenge from afar, the warriors of Pomle would gather to spar. To learn. Even if Mendi did not get to spar the outsiders—and sometimes it was adventurers, or foreign warriors who would come to pit themselves against Pomle—she would get to fight other disciples.
“Here they come.”
One of the Garuda [Martial Artists] had spotted some of the newcomers. The warriors of Pomle turned, and saw a vast group heading their way.
“One thousand, two thousand, three…”
Orjin’s brows rose. To see so many challengers was incredible! But he quickly realized that the group converging on Pomle’s oasis weren’t all martial artists.
“It looks like a nomadic tribe.”
“But not Garuda. And they dress well.”
The Strongest of Pomle eyed the group with confusion. There were indeed civilians, following a smaller group of [Martial Artists]. Some kind of…support? They were carrying packs, while the [Martial Artists], dressed in silk, strode forwards.
Not just dressed. Some were silk. Stitch-Folk. And their acolytes, the followers, were cotton and hemp. Orjin stared. Some were former-Cotton or even former-Hemp. He could see by the cloth-skin of their heads, which was hard to change. But these [Martial Artists] were clearly above the pack-carrying others.
Which was odd. The stronger one should have carried the packs. Orjin frowned. Were they conserving their strength? They’d never build muscle if that was how they lived. But he only waited, appraising.
“Odd forms. Look at how they walk. Unguarded.”
Salthorn murmured. The [Martial Artists] did indeed have a strut about them. They glided as they walked, which Orjin allowed looked good, but left them open if someone were to attack them.
Then he realized. Some of them weren’t touching the ground. Their feet was hovering over the arid ground and dust.
“An air-walking Skill?”
A murmur ran through the warriors of Pomle. One of interest. Orjin frowned.
