Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 10
Hey! Mrsha threw up her paws and scampered towards her friends. She saw a shy Gnoll and Drake poking around Drassi’s legs. Ekirra went over to Mrsha at once, but both he and Visma were…shy today.
This was not the first time they’d visited The Wandering Inn by far. But today they were reserved, and Mrsha was confused for a good minute until she saw them staring. Then she knew why. They looked at Erin as she made Maviola drag her up the stairs. The silly [Innkeeper] was the same. But the way Mrsha’s two friends looked at her was different. Mrsha saw it in their eyes.
Awe. They were not the only ones. A group of Humans from Earth were breakfasting and looking at Erin surreptitiously. As Drassi tried to herd the children towards the [Garden of Sanctuary], which was their approved play-area, Mrsha heard Troy and Leon talking to the others.
“Dude. We were hiding in a shop the entire time. You said Erin charged them?”
“We all saw it. She went straight into them! She got stabbed, but she had a potion and Bird was shooting people in the legs and they actually broke up one of the crowds! Twice!”
Rose was looking wide-eyed at Erin’s back. It was the same look they’d had after the Rock Crab incident. Only, magnified.
“Miss Erin is cool.”
Ekirra informed Mrsha. Visma just peered at Erin’s back as the [Innkeeper] was finally dragged upstairs with a wail. It was hard to conflate the two Erin’s. But Mrsha had seen both. Rather proudly, she signed at her friends—who could understand her hand-signals—that Erin had always been cool.
The play date in the inn was, for once, without reservation on the parts of Ekirra and Visma’s parents. Erin had found both families during the riots. And more notably—stopped a riot around Visma’s house that had threatened to burn down her home.
“She was invisible. And then she appeared and told the people go away or else. And then she went bang! With the pan and Mr. Goblin. And Miss Minotaur.”
Visma relayed the entire event to Ekirra and Mrsha; she had been there. Mrsha had been in the garden and only heard some of it. Mrsha was nodding proudly. She made a triumphant fist on Erin’s behalf. Then paused; Ekirra was waving a paw for attention.
“My dad says Miss Erin was lucky no one was killed. He says she could have made things worse.”
The Gnoll boy’s comment made Mrsha frown. She folded her paws and then—since she had to use them to communicate—unfolded them.
“Erin did good! She saved Visma’s home. And yours!”
“No one burned down our homes. My father says people got hurt when Miss Erin stopped the riots. Badly. Some had to go to the [Healers].”
Ekirra’s parroting of his father’s opinion offended Mrsha to the core. She glowered at him as he played with some flowers in the grass where they were sitting. Drassi was lounging, reading a book; she didn’t seem aware of the moralistic debate occurring and assumed they were just playing.
“Erin did nothing wrong. The riots were wrong! She should have hurt them more. Bird should have shot their arms and legs so they hurt no one again.”
The Drake and Gnoll child looked at Mrsha’s furious face. Now Mrsha thought of it—she grew angrier and angrier about the riots. As she had been yesterday.
Visma’s short tail waved uncertainly in the grass. After a second, the Drake girl spoke, her voice tinged with uncertain certainty.
“No. Because that would be wrong. Bad people hurt each other. Erin shouldn’t hurt people.”
“But she saved your house! And what about the Workers?”
Mrsha furiously pointed out. Visma had nothing to say to that. Ekirra waved his paw again.
“My dad says—”
