Interlude – The Great Race
Page 20
“Let’s see. Back to Ilvriss’ themes. Value, competition, dangers. We have no reports of any new resources outside of purely land-related objects. There have been Garuda and Oldbloods flying the area, but [Scrying] spells are impossible to use since the area is not coordinate-charted or however [Mages] do such things, let alone [Geomancers] analyzing the substrate. I expect this will persist for a long time, even with the Archmages and other magic-users on the case. I’m also adding this to our ‘hazards’, because it will mean any exploration has to happen manually, and we will not be able to see what’s out there.”
Alrric got a nod from both Drakes. Ilvriss tapped a claw on the table, then stopped, adjusted his posture so he was sitting more professionally, and tried not to watch Zail out of the corner of his eyes. He felt like a boy again.
“And so where is our profit? Mostly in the land itself.”
Less valuable by far. Salazsar was not exactly cramped for room. Ancestors, northern Izril had yet to expand everywhere! But Zail shook his head slightly, and so did Alrric.
“That’s assuming there’s nothing of value, Ilvriss. But let me paint a picture. Let’s say an opportunistic group sets up a colonial-type area. It has no resources, even if others find anything. I would still call it a heavy incentive to be there for one main reason: our neighbors.”
“Ah. Oh, I see.”
Ilvriss flushed. Alrric produced a spreadsheet of underlined items.
“These are a list of goods that Drowned Folk and half-Elves create, from their specialty woods, bows, sea-based alchemical items, and more. I don’t know about half-Elves, but Drowned Folk are hungry for our best gemstones for their ships’ protective spells. We stand to cut out all the Zeres tariffs we’ve been eating century after century.”
Now that did put a smile on Ilvriss and Zail’s faces. That alone was worth a massive amount of gold, so Alrric outlined a plan unique to House Gemscale.
“My proposal, Wall Lords, is not to prospect. Some nations will do that. I suggest that House Gemscale mobilize a force with the express goal of finding a suitable trade route and capturing it. Invrisil has become a rich city not just due to the patronage of Magnolia Reinhart, but because it is where everyone goes. One city that provides access across the new lands safely?”
“We’d be rich. We often forget how important free travel is. The Walled Cities maintain the roads to keep commerce alive.”
Zail murmured. Alrric nodded.
“Worth established. I’d also like to point out this: there are almost certainly things to find in the new lands, if only relics of old.”
Now, Ilvriss was hungry again, and Alrric produced several mage-images and sketches taken by Zeres’ expeditionary fleets. He grumbled in the back of his throat.
“We had to pay a small fee to receive the mutual intelligence from our friends, but all the Walled Cities will have seen this—look. A city.”
It was just broken ruins, from what Ilvriss could see, set against a blasted beach stretching for miles upon miles inland. Still—there was a lot of green for what had been seabed before. He suspected that the Gnoll ghost who had cast the spell had accelerated the greenery’s development. Another action that might make things interesting.
“A ruined city. There are artifacts, possibly even spells or blueprints here. Or nothing at all. What I am certain is—this is not a simple venture. We need specialists.”
“Adventurers.”
Ilvriss nodded. More profits, more risk. Alrric handed Ilvriss and Zail a sheet with the word ‘Hazards — New Lands Venture’ at the top.
