Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 28
A net, a dome of twisting vines. They shot out of the sea, snatching the magical projectiles, letting them detonate harmlessly around the island. They kept regrowing, kept shielding the Goblins from the deadly fire.
A single Goblin was doing that. A single Goblin Lord. Without moving, without visibly chanting—Khedal watched the fury that had humbled the King of Destruction and forced him to charge, a greater onslaught than that, grounding itself helplessly against the air.
Of course, that network of vines was not perfect. One single Goblin could not handle all of the ammunition coming down, and the Minotaurs had pushed past that limit with the sheer volume and speed of fire.
However…Khedal’s eyes picked out a flicker from the treetops. A Goblin perched there loosed an arrow straight up and hit a falling comet, a boulder thrown by a trebuchet.
[Interception Fire].
Hundreds of Goblins were adding their arrows to covering their home. [Shamans] were throwing up walls in the air, others casting blooms of magic to detonate the danger above their heads.
The Goblin warriors didn’t move as shrapnel fell around them. This was just the welcome. All of this wasn’t enough to overload their protections.
“Vanguard, ready! Follow the Prince!”
One of the [Battle Leaders] roared, and Prince Khedal’s warship surged forwards. The [Captain] shouted.
“[Ramming Speed]. Brace. Three—two—one—”
The Minotaurs held onto something, save for Khedal, as the ship plowed onto the beach. Not towards the harbor with the Goblin ships. Khedal had chosen the stronger point to distract the Goblins.
It was impossible for a regular warship to perform this maneuver normally. They were deep-water vessels, and their hulls didn’t allow them to come this close to land; they’d run aground unless they had a specifically-adapted hull to let them perform this trick.
The House of Minos had many such vessels, but Khedal had no need to use one of those warships for the simple reason that the Isle of Goblins floated. Past their beaches, the terrain just dropped into the sea. It meant that he could take his ship in. Assuming he was willing to lose it.
They were aimed straight at that cliff. At the Goblin Lord. She saw them coming, but she didn’t even look down from warding the island. The ship was willing to ground itself permanently to so much as disrupt her concentration.
They never made it. Khedal felt The Horn of Valar slowing and looked down.
The two giant Fomirelin had moved. The moss-covered boulders stood and blocked the ship. Their feet dug into sand, and they skidded backwards—then the ship began to slow.
“Hammerad’s shores.”
One of the vanguard spoke into that breathless silence. Khedal said nothing at all. He leapt from the railings as the ramps lowered. The Minotaurs stormed down onto the beach, and the Goblins screamed their peculiar, high-pitched warcry. Khedal brought down his axe on a Goblin head and then—
 
——
 
“Ancestors.”
Ocello whispered. He was watching from the harbor with an enchanted spyglass. He was allowed to be out during the fighting—but the Minotaurs had said they would not take responsibility for his death.
Because there was fire coming back from the island. The Goblins had neither siege weapons nor ships, but some were still throwing arrows miles upon miles.
It looked like…a cloud of arrows frozen in time. It blew gently overhead, then the arrows unfroze and rained down. Minotaurs took cover as the Goblins’ reply blew a ballista apart.
