Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 32
“Hello, brother! What tribe are you from, yes?”
Numbtongue stared at Bird. The Antinium helpfully tipped his hat, but there was no way his Skill could fool this many people.
Somehow, he did. And the Gnoll group was from a local tribe. Their leader explained.
“We’re hunting, yes? For one-horns. There are few about.”
“One horns? I don’t know them. I thought all Gnolls were at uh, Meeting of Tribes.”
Numbtongue blinked. The Gnolls were sniffing the air, looking a bit puzzled, but they clearly thought he was a Gnoll and their company was full of Drakes and Gnolls. They took them to be City Gnolls and Drakes.
“Ah, you cityfolk. Not all of a tribe goes. Our Chieftain’s over there. Probably eating all the food in sight. We are the Lomost Tribe. We settled this place; well, the Drakes love to say otherwise.”
The Gnoll indicated ‘this place’, which included the local hills, lowlands, which was fairly elevated in terrain. The Goblin with the bone flute rolled her eyes at the Gnolls, but was hiding behind the wagon.
“I see. Uh. Hrr.”
Numbtongue did his best. He felt bemused by the convivial Gnolls. One pointed to his guitar.
“It looks normal, but it must be enchanted, yes? How do you make it sound like that?”
“Skills.”
“Told you.”
Another [Hunter] sighed. They wanted to hear some songs and play with him. That was it.
“Why don’t you stop with our tribe tonight?”
“Er…we are moving.”
“Our tribe moves too. Are you going too fast? Ah, if you cannot, you cannot. But play with us for a bit, eh?”
Numbtongue kept glancing at Snapjaw, who looked alarmed, but their cover was holding amazingly well. He needed this Skill himself! He wondered how Bird had gotten it. He was just preparing to oblige them with a few of his songs he’d learned from Kevin when the Gnoll’s relaxed demeanor changed.
“Hunt Leader…”
One of the Gnolls whispered. The Hunt Leader, who’d spoken to Numbtongue, looked sideways. He cursed.
“Friend, don’t move. You’ve got…Goblins.”
The Hobgoblin gave him the best poker-face of his life.
“Goblins? No way.”
The Gnoll just pointed. Numbtongue’s head slowly turned and his heart beat faster. But it wasn’t at Snapjaw that the Gnoll was pointing. Or even Rasktooth or the Antinium.
It was at a little Goblin peeking at them from under the wagon. The Goblin with the bone flute, and a group of about eight. Numbtongue…had never seen them before today. They were not part of the group. Accordingly…
“Damn. They’re getting bolder.”
One of the Gnolls cursed. Numbtongue tensed. He didn’t know what was about to happen next, but his hand oh-so-casually moved, towards the hilt of his sword. They all had bows and weapons to hunt one-horns, the thick-skinned rhinos who were worth a lot of money for meat, hide, and horn.
The Gnoll [Hunters], oblivious to the growing danger, muttered. Niers watched from his hiding place. Was this going to be a bloodbath? He didn’t care for massacres, but his Skills suppressed their [Dangersense].
Until the hammer falls. They’d lose cover for a long time, but…his eyes narrowed. Wait a second.
The [Hunt Leader] didn’t go for his bow. Instead, he picked something off the ground. Numbtongue’s hand moved—but the Gnoll picked up a small stone, and threw it and sent the Goblin scurrying backwards.
“Get lost, you pests! You’ll die if someone sees you! Scat! Get away from here!”
The Goblins scurried backwards, making rude gestures and calling out to the Gnolls. Numbtongue’s jaw opened.
“Brother—don’t go for your sword. They’re harmless.”
