Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 2
He meant Venaz, Wil, Feshi, Yerranola, Merrik, and Peki. Niers hadn’t chosen the group, but he had given Wil the map. And now?
They were at sea. Hunting for sunken wrecks. Having an adventure. The one Wil Kallinad had always dreamed of.
An adventure. Foliana and Niers glanced at each other. And the old leaders remembered their youth as adventurers. Foliana sipped from Niers’ tea cup.
“It will be dangerous. They might die.”
“That’s my tea, you overgrown tree rat!”
Niers swore. But he nodded as Foliana put down the cup. He stomped over to it and looked around for the long straw he used. Or the mini-cup he could scoop his drink out of.
“True. It’s dangerous. But the seas have their own rules. More importantly—it will be good for them. All of them could use the experience. They’re all…incomplete as students. You know?”
“No. You must be a bad teacher. Mhm.”
Niers ignored Foliana. He counted on his fingers.
“Each of them has weaknesses. Venaz is astoundingly competent in every area, as befits a [Strategist] who has seen combat. The Isles of Minos sent their best. But he’s as pig-headed as Marian; arrogance does run in the blood of both species. He needs to learn when to run. Wil’s far better than thinks he is, but he’s hesitant to be bold. And when he does? Pig-headed, again. He’ll burn himself fighting, like he did against Tulm rather than go crafty.”
“Isn’t it bull-headed?”
“Don’t interrupt me, Foliana. I know which animal I mean. Yerranola and Feshi are good at craft, but they suffer from relying on cunning over trusting their ability to win a death match. Come to that—they haven’t had that experience yet. Merrik and Peki? Fine commanders, if you give them orders. But they need to open their heads.”
“I could do it with a knife. So does this adventure make them better? Fix their problems?”
Foliana was being classically unhelpful. Niers sighed.
“That’s not the point. None of these things are problems. Each of them would make a fine [Strategist] in their own way. You don’t need to patch every hole in your style. It’s just—what they lack isn’t one singular flaw. It’s this.”
He walked over and poked at Foliana’s arm. A grey patch of fur. She shooed him away.
“Rude.”
Niers laughed as he stroked his own white and grey beard. Mostly turning to grey, or white. How time caught up with you. He looked at Foliana.
“They don’t need any one thing, Foliana. What they need is…the adventure. They’re young. They have to experience…everything.”
She paused. And her eyes flickered. Now, Foliana understood. And she nodded.
“But they could die.”
“Yes. Or find no treasure at all. But that’s what an adventure is. I hope they all come back safely. And with treasure. But that’s an adventure. And the seas?”
Niers leaned on the lip of the cup. He stared out the window, at the sky. And he smiled.
“Let the young have their adventure, Foliana. We have work to do.”
“You mean you. I’m on holiday.”
And far from where the two were sitting, as Niers threw his tea at Foliana, far from even the continent of Baleros, on the vast seas, a younger [Strategist] named Wil Kallinad looked at those same skies. And he sighed too.
Because adventure wasn’t all it was cracked up to be.
 
—-
 
The 6th Location
 
It turned out that the sea was boring. Crossing it, that was. By and large, it got boring.
That was what Wil Kallinad hadn’t known. Well, he’d known it, having crossed the sea once, but he’d assumed it would be different for…an adventure. And this was what it was, right?
