Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 1
“Don’t say it. If you’re saying it even as a joke, you believe it.”
“I don’t—”
One of the other [Soldiers] who’d seen a battle or two roughly elbowed Shain.
“People who say that die first. Velden’s right. Keep together. Don’t try and be a [Hero].”
They had such a serious attitude that Shain blustered and walked back to complain softly, but didn’t refuse. Vess, for his part, stayed meek and quiet. It seemed to him that Velden knew what he was talking about.
Perhaps that was why Velden took Vess under his wing. It might also have to do with their names…as ‘V’s’, they lined up close together under company musters, so they saw each other more than most.
 
——
 
“Listen, Vess. You’ve got a shield—keep it raised. Until the enemy’s on you, keep it raised. Even if you see the whites of their eyes or whatever—that’s when I see most idiots lower their shields to block. And that’s when the arrows hit you. [Strategists] are bastards. I’m glad we have some on our side, but remember that.”
They were enjoying a hearty meal of Telgas spread after a hard day of marching. Vess’ legs ached from marching in light armor up the hills. He was a proper Luldem boy and had roamed the rocky terrain, but he dug into the gelatin dish with most of the components of a soup dish—solidified.
“What’s this about, Velden?”
“Keeping your little head on your shoulders so you go back to your family. What else?”
Vess chewed on the gelatinous meal. It was a popular staple among Hectval and Luldem, part of the Alliance. That was what people called it, although it was properly the Luldem-Drisshia-Hectval alliance. Drisshia, full of smoke and, Vess had heard, foundries from their iron mines, were all about smoked foods. He’d seen some of their units linking up with his, and there were good old jokes about Hectval, [Soldiers] asking if they’d brought the Gnolls to do Hectval’s laundry for them.
However, it occurred to Vess he didn’t know why the war was going on. Obviously, he knew what everyone was talking about. Liscor, that Liscor, was going to war. They’d sent Antinium and everything. They might be on the news, but they were warmongering bastards who’d kicked out Hectval’s Council or somesuch.
But the rest…?
Velden frowned.
“I hear it’s about the Antinium. Top brass says that, but sometimes I hear rumors…they say it’s also about an inn. Or something.”
The rest of Big Yam gathered around.
“An inn? What inn?”
Velden scratched at his jaw scales.
“Dunno. I just hear it’s about an inn. Some of the [Soldiers] who fought off Liscor the first time said that was all the prisoners said. We burned an inn or killed an [Innkeeper].”
“One [Innkeeper]?”
Vess was incredulous. Velden shook his head.
“Eh, war starts for many reasons, kid. Don’t think too hard on it. And get some sleep, everyone. Don’t stay up dicing. We might see battle tomorrow. We’re heading up. Seems like the army’s at Lookout Lookout Hill.”
“Only there? I thought we’d be closer to Liscor.”
Shain commented as Vess scarfed his food. This was good eating; he’d have gotten less if he was a day laborer mining for Magicore. Velden grunted.
Lookout Lookout Hill had two ‘Lookouts’ in the name because someone had apparently not heard the first warning and gone off one of the cliff faces dotting the area. Hence, the name.
“Seems like we pulled back to hold it.”
His voice was neutral, but Vess had a good look at Velden’s face. The Drake looked…concerned. He caught Vess’ eye as the others rolled up.
“Is that bad?”
“…I think Liscor being there isn’t good. We were going to hold them at Seventeen Fingers. The ridgeline?”
