Interlude – Rufel
Page 5
“Right. You remember what my grandmother told you about using bones of people, right? She’ll stab you.”
The [Necromancer] paused defensively.
“Hypothetical. Although Ksmvr did acquire quite a number of ah, bodies. They were [Bandits]—I have no intention of summoning them anywhere around Liscor. But given the material, it would be a shame to…”
He broke off as Selys rolled her eyes.
“You know, you could just get to the point without trying to make excuses. You’ve got bodies. Fine. I get it. I’m not going to tell my grandmother unless you bring them into the city. But these ‘hypothetical skeleton soldiers’. What makes them special? Any decent Bronze-rank adventurer can knock down a skeleton in a one-on-one fight.”
“Ah, but not mine. You see, I’m attempting to create a formation of bone—rearrange the ribcage for instance—such that the skeletons would have an inner mechanism they could deploy. Their ribs could shoot outwards for instance, catching an unwary foe unawares.”
“So you get close and they explode at you like some kind of spike trap?”
Selys didn’t look impressed. Rufelt on the other hand nearly poured ale all over his paw as he listened with one ear. That sounded horrific. Pisces sounded smug.
“Well, yes. The trick is to inflict the most damage. And I have created quite the efficient design if I say so myself—”
“Hah!”
“I beg your pardon?”
Rufelt eyed Pisces and Selys as he poured a drink for Maughin and Jelaqua. He handed it to the Dullahan’s body and it turned around and brought it to the table where Maughin’s head and Jelaqua were sitting. Pisces frowned. Selys just laughed. She waved one claw.
“Oh, Pisces. Really? That’s your best? You did this last time. You have a good idea, but—are all [Necromancers] so lazy?”
“Lazy? I will have you know that this design is inspired. Classic [Necromancers] don’t even think to innovate in this way!”
The Drake rolled her eyes gently and snorted as she took another sip.
“That’s them. I know you. And you can do better. I’m just a humble [Receptionist], but even I know that having trapped skeletons is lazy. It’s just a gimmick.”
“Explain.”
Pisces folded his arms, looking peeved. Selys frowned and began doodling on the bar counter since she couldn’t do what Pisces had done with magic.
“Okay. You surprise a Silver-rank adventurer and they’re dead. Good for you! The rest of her team will just back up and throw a [Fireball], or use shields. I thought you were trying to get an edge. At Gold-rank, anything you fight will probably just walk away even if your skeletons landed a clean shot. And then they know all the rest are trapped.”
“But I would injure one adventurer—even kill them—”
“One. And if she uses a healing potion, then what? If all your skeletons are the same, Pisces, a surprise attack works once and then never again. Why can’t you make all the skeletons different?”
Pisces sighed.
“The problem is standardizing a design that can be quickly animated in battle. Of course, if I kept a standing army—which I remind you I do not—I could freely innovate at will.”
“I hear you complaining, but all I hear are excuses.”
“Then what would you do? Enlighten me, oh fount of necromantic knowledge.”
The two began bickering as they waved at Rufelt. Selys glared as he slid a drink towards Pisces. She grabbed it, took a swallow, and handed it to him. He looked askance as she stopped her drink with a claw.
“I don’t know. Give them crossbows! Stop being so cheap.”
“Cheap?”
