Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 2
Who could say something? And what would it be? Ceria didn’t know—but then she saw, out of the corner of her eye, one of Erin’s oldest friends moving. Because of course, he had been there way back when.
Slowly, Pisces looked around. The [Necromancer] found a chair in the silent inn. And, as Drakes and Gnolls and guests from Invrisil looked at him, he sat down. And then he leaned back, precariously perching on the back two legs of the chair. And he put his feet up on the tabletop.
Pisces sniffed, and looked at Erin. And his voice was mock-acerbic and mostly kind.
“Well, I expect service, Miss Innkeeper. Pasta and blue juice, if you please. For me and my team.”
The young woman and Ceria looked at Pisces. Ceria opened her mouth, and saw Erin’s face. The young woman sniffed. And if she’d been close to tears—they were gone when she put her hands on her hips and glared.
“You again? You’d better have some money.”
Pisces ostentatiously slapped a few coins on the table. And he smiled at her.
“If the food is good, I suppose I could give you a tip.”
And Erin Solstice laughed. Like a normal person, but her eyes lit up. She looked around her inn, at her old friends. And they smiled. Erin inhaled, and looked about.
“Hey. We’ve got guests. Lyonette, do we have any food left? Get something for Mister Necromancer here.”
The [Princess] rolled her eyes. But she was smiling. Mrsha leapt out of her arms and tackled Ceria’s legs. The half-Elf hadn’t been expecting that. She went over with a crash. Yvlon winced. Ksmvr hurried over to help her out.
And Pisces began laughing. So did Erin. And the inn came alive. More people laughed, and Ceria, getting up, saw Erin turning. The [Innkeeper] breathed in and out. And then she smiled.
She wasn’t over it. But she had guests, so Erin put the feelings away for a bit. And The Wandering Inn began to shine again.
“Damn, the door’s out of mana again. Are the Sage’s Grass not working right?”
Palt grumbled as he trotted over. Ceria looked up and saw Montressa holding out a slow hand. Ceria took it, unthinking, and Montressa helped haul her up. Bezale was standing next to her, arms folded. She grunted at Yvlon and the [Armsmistress] nodded slowly back.
As the others began chatting, Ceria saw Numbtongue reaching behind the bar for a drink with Bird. A love struck Belgrade was still standing where he had been.
“So pretty.”
Pawn was hurrying after Lyonette. And the Players of Celum were looking around. Temile made a choked sound and began to push towards Wesle and Jasi. Ceria realized Maviola was missing. Still in Invrisil?
And at that moment, one of the young people looked at Pisces and exclaimed. Kevin pointed at Pisces.
“Dude. He’s a [Necromancer]?”
Everyone turned to look at Pisces. And the [Necromancer] stiffened. But Kevin promptly turned to his friends.
“That’s so cool.”
 
—-
 
The first few minutes afterwards were full of chaos. Erin was surrounded by the Horns of Hammerad, who she was hugging and talking to. But then she looked up and her eyes widened.
“No way. Halrac’s here? And Revi and Typhenous?”
She saw the second team standing by the door. Revi waved as she looked around.
“This place looks a lot better than it used to. I always thought the old place looked a bit run down. Hi, Erin.”
“Miss Solstice.”
Typhenous’ eyes twinkled. Halrac nodded to Erin, cool as could be. He was not prepared for the [Innkeeper] to charge him.
“Halrac! How’ve you been?”
Erin tackle-hugged the [Scout]. He growled, embarrassed.
“Get off. Erin. It’s good to see—”
