Interlude – Carriages and Conversations
Page 4
It was burned. Like a lobster sunburn, almost comically red. Fierre tried to feel at her face since Ryoka’s mirror was a stupid idea. Vampires had no reflections. But then she blinked. The sunburn faded even as Ryoka stared.
“What the—that never used to happen! It took you minutes to burn!”
“It must be because I’m cured.”
The Vampire breathed. Both stared at the sliding panel. That had been weak sunlight, through the clouds.
“If you were in the actual sun—do you think you’d catch on fire?”
“I—Bamer told us stories about that. But I—I didn’t think it was actually—”
Fierre laughed nervously. And again, Ryoka heard a snort from the front of the coach.
“Break my chains, but you two are fools. If you want to see your friend really react, Human girl, take the garlic out of your bag of holding.”
Slowly, Fierre’s head swung around towards Ryoka. She sniffed at Ryoka’s side and her eyes narrowed.
“Ryoka…”
“You knew it was there! That was insurance! Wait, how did you know I had garlic in there?”
“I have eyes.”
The Djinni retorted. Ryoka hesitated.
“…I could toss it out, Fierre. But I’d have to open the door for a second. It’s in a jar…”
It was, in fact, a lot of garlic and garlic oil mixed into water. Ryoka had made it after being kidnapped by Fierre. Just in case she needed to fight off a certain Vampire girl. Fierre waved her hand.
“No thanks, Ryoka. I’m fine…I trust you.”
“Thanks.”
The two young women smiled at each other. But then their attention swung back towards the front of the carriage.
For someone as grumpy and non-talkative as she claimed to be, the Djinni certainly seemed to be aware of what was happening in the inside of the carriage. Ryoka got the impression that the last hour had been weird, even for her.
“Fierre. You never really explained what this…coach is. The Unmarked Coach?”
“It’s the underworld’s most famous transport service, Ryoka. Everyone needs to get places fast. Everyone who’s anyone uses the coach, if they don’t have something better. The Gentlemen Callers, the Elusive Lot, high-ranking [Thieves] or other sorts…”
“Wow.”
Ryoka blinked around. The inside of the coach was certainly fancy. Even a limo didn’t have this much room! It was a huge, horizontal room, with no other rows. Just two seats facing each other that stretched impossibly long for the dimensions of the coach, with a central table area. Nothing else like a minibar or fridge, but you couldn’t get everything, Ryoka supposed.
Then she had a sudden thought.
“What about the Bloodfeast Raiders? Would they…?”
She tensed, remembering them. Fierre shook her head instantly.
“They’re not lawful, er, criminals, Ryoka. They’d never be allowed, even if they knew of the service.”
The City Runner relaxed.
“Oh. Then how did you get us a ride?”
The Vampire grinned.
“I’m a bit famous now, thanks to surviving the curse, Ryoka. And money buys all sorts of favors. I applied when I heard you needed a ride north and it was approved in a day.”
“Approved?”
“Oh yes. No one gets a ride without approval.”
“From…?”
Ryoka pointed. And Fierre’s nod coincided with another snort. The Vampire looked warily at the front and replied in a low whisper.
“She’s just the driver, Ryoka. I didn’t know she was a…but it’s the owner who runs the Unmarked Coach. No idea who they are. I’d bet they’re her…”
“Master. And I am the slave that has run this service for longer than you two could ever know.”
The Djinni’s voice rumbled. Ryoka looked at her. Then she slid forwards and opened the panel. Fierre moved out of the way of the light.
