Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 26
One of the Humans was actually carrying a sword. He was standing very straight, and had a [Warrior]’s poise. He was mannered—but clearly here with ill-grace. He looked around, and his eyes slid past Trey too fast.
The young man sighed. Well, he was reminded why he was here. Trey Atwood leaned on his staff and at last, he saw the one they were waiting for.
A woman made seemingly of white marble walked down a hallway. She was huge. A statue come to life. Yet the stone flowed as she walked, her dress moving as if real. The students stared. Some even bowed.
They knew who she was. Trey’s eyes widened and he heard an oath from Flynn.
She stopped in front of the new arrivals. Cognita the Truestone Golem did not bow. She looked them over, her eyes lingering on no face, just taking them in with instant knowledge. She did not smile. She was—terrifying to some. Trey saw the [Mages] who had come to welcome the students standing far back from her.
“Greetings, new students of Wistram.”
Cognita’s voice was soft. Flawless as she was. She looked at Trey and he felt a flash of—it was like looking into Fetohep’s eyes. The Truestone Golem spoke, the same words she had welcomed countless students with.
“I am Cognita. I am a Carved Golem, or rather, a Truestone Construct designed to oversee Wistram and its mages. I and my kindred maintain and preserve this building and will assist you for the duration of your stay. In a few moments you will be led to your rooms, but before that I must tell you of the rules of Wistram.”
She spoke, and Trey listened to the rules. Then the [Mages] spoke and he heard their rules. Cognita led the students to their rooms and gave them keys. Since Trey already had one, he just followed along; they’d be led into the banquet hall next, and given food before being told their curriculum by some of the older [Mages]. Since he was from Earth—Trey had a number of exceptions, and his benefactor was Aaron—or ‘Blackmage’ as he was nicknamed.
But he was here. Trey saw the young man with the sword salute Cognita with a hand clasped to his breast and a bow as she handed him a key.
“So that’s Cognita. She’s, what, a Golem?”
Flynn came over. He wanted to introduce the two who were indeed from India. Trey nodded at them. Cognita was offering a key to the Dwarf, who was asking about soundproofing. She replied—and then a [Mage] hurried to tell the Dwarf how they did it.
Power and power. Trey nodded to Flynn.
“A Truestone Golem. She’s the most powerful being you’ll meet in Wistram.”
So Fetohep had said. One of the [Mages] who’d come to introduce the others glanced at Trey with annoyance and Trey bit his tongue. Flynn whistled softly. He eyed Cognita.
“You can make Sand Golems, right? You showed me. Are you going to learn from her?”
“I don’t think she’s a teacher. Besides—she’s not a [Mage]. Not like the Archmages or anyone else. She was made by Archmage Zelkyr…”
“Who? You’re going to have to lay it out, Troy. I didn’t learn magic, like you before I came here.”
Flynn and some of the others really didn’t know anything about the place they’d come. Trey saw the other non-Earthers giving them incredulous looks. He tried to explain as Cognita gave one of the Lizardfolk a room and told them they could share if they wanted, but they all got a room.
“Cognita is a Golem. The greatest ever made, or at least, still existing. But she’s also intelligent—Cognizant-class. The Golems I make—or anyone but Archmage Zelkyr don’t even compare.”
“Whoa. So that makes her…”
