Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 24
“How many ships are in the area? How fast are they coming to rendezvous?”
Wil turned his head, trying to calculate over the map table. Venaz looked at him.
“No, we just need to get in range of the isles! We’ll have support! We’re nearly—”
Crash. Something from behind. Wil turned his head.
“What was—”
“Harpoons! They just shot them into our hull!”
Merrik howled. One of the Bloodtear Pirates had launched the metal harpoons. Inky raced up from belowdecks.
“We’re taking on water! I need hands below! Help me patch up—”
More explosions. The other ships were loosing more spells.
“Dead gods. They’re recharged. Captain Lasc! We might not survive a volley! It’ll tear us apart—leave us dead in the water at the least!”
Delivan hunkered down as spells rained around The Emerald Signet. The [Storm Captain] bit his lip.
“I could use my last card, but we might all perish. Lord Kallinad! Have you anything left?”
“Not unless King Fetohep aids us. I think—”
Wil ducked his head as something shredded the command deck. Lasc fell back, swearing; something had opened his shoulder. He looked back; the ships were gaining; they’d put more holes in the sails.
Here they came. Therrium was in front this time. The Drowned Man’s blade was bared. Captain Lasc slowly drew his blade and planted it in the deck. He turned back to staring ahead.
“Captain Lasc! A ship to the port!”
“Another [Pirate]?”
Yerranola shouted hopelessly. But Venaz’ head had turned. He snatched Delivan’s spyglass.
“No! That’s a warship from the House of Minos! Keep going! We’re going to make it!”
He grinned wildly.
“Just one?”
The young [Lord] looked alarmed. There were five ships in pursuit! And this Minotaurian Warship didn’t look that much bigger! In fact, it was turning in the distance!
“Is it not engaging?”
“No! It’s—”
 
—-
 
“Captain, warship ahead! It flies the colors of House Minos!”
The Drowned Sailor called down to Therrium. His head rose as he hunkered down, avoiding flaming arrows from the damned Bloodtear Pirate ships. He looked up.
“We’re already in Minos’ waters? Damn. Catch that ship! Fire all spells!”
He pointed at The Emerald Signet. His [First Mate] moved to obey. She strode to the front of the ship. Therrium saw a flash. He raised his head, then felt something hit his ship.
“What was that?”
He roared. Then he saw a plume of splinters. His [First Mate] stared at her missing legs. Then—at the ballista bolt made of metal that had shattered the deck.
“The warship is firing at us! Damned Minotaurs!”
The Bloodtear Pirates saw the impact on The Passing Shadow. One of the [Pirate Captains] saw the warship presenting broadsides, far, far in the distance.
“Then close with them and destroy the ship! They can’t reload in—”
Splash. The [Pirates] ducked as something hit the waters next to their ship. Another ballista bolt.
“So they have two ballistae. So wh—”
Crack.
A third ballista bolt hit the side of the ship. The Bloodtear Pirates looked up. Then—a stone cracked into the decks of the other Drowned Ship. The boat rocked.
“Three ballistae and a catapult. Damn. Fine then—”
Another bolt hit the decks. The [Pirates] slowly turned to look at their [Captain]. He snatched a spyglass up. Impossible. They couldn’t have four—
The warship had four. And a catapult in the center. As the [Captain] watched, he saw distant figures reloading.
They did it like this. Two Minotaurs pulled the arm of the catapult down. One slammed a boulder out of a bag of holding into the firing arm—the catapult was adjusted and fired. In less than thirty seconds, another boulder was in the air.
