Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 30
It took two days for a full-recovery, which was the result of them being able to get at Luan’s bones…and call for a [Necromancer] to check for the exact fracture points and help knit it up. Luan bore no grudge.
He was interested to note that cutting into his hand and applying the gel was the limit of their surgical expertise. The Gnomes had, apparently, not focused on that aspect of medicine as much as their other areas, so Geneva Scala had a considerable march on the [Healers], who asked for a copy of her basic doctor’s manual.
“Let’s see. I need to bring back samples of every electronic, other smartphones, Geneva’s manual, eighteen different ingredients from an [Alchemist] shop, a block of silver, actual gold—”
“Don’t forget the scrying orbs! We want to see this news!”
“We’re not doing that. We’ll find a way to do it ourselves, Luan. If there is a worldwide network, we’d watch only if we could make sure they can’t see us. Which I doubt.”
Ekrn growled. Noa gave him a hurt look and Luan crossed it off his list.
“—And as many fruits as I can grab.”
“Can you get us some er, goods from abroad too? Not strictly necessary, but we used to have some Firebreath Whiskey. An entire keg would last us a generation. We’d share it with other cities.”
Luan grinned. Ekrn sighed. Paeth had a wish list so long for such a small place. He turned to the Architects.
“There’s no way that Luan can cover all this on his City Runner’s salary.”
Luan eyed the scull, which he’d have to carry to the sea. No bag of holding would ever fit it, as enchanted as it was.
“I consider it less than what you’ve given me, truly. And I’m happy to do it. It might take a while…but I’ll come back.”
“Boss. Boss, can’t I go with him?”
Noa pleaded. Ekrn snapped.
“Absolutely not. No offense to Luan, but I’m not sending anyone to get eaten by a dragonfly or get sat on. Remember, we’re a secret.”
Noa looked disappointed and Ekrn glared at her—then Luan. The man raised his hands. He’d been asked, privately, by Noa and no less than a dozen other Fraerlings if he wanted a companion, and he’d refused, mindful of Ekrn’s stories.
“I’ll be back as soon as I can. Within the week! I just need to tell everyone I’m alive.”
And run about. Luan did feel a bit cramped, as he had to stay in the ‘safe zone’ around Paeth. In short though, he was all set to go. He had food—some of the Stelbore, salted and dried, and some other provisions, although Luan hadn’t taken much, mindful of Paeth’s supplies.
“We’ll watch for you at the inlet. Just return there and you’ll meet with our team.”
Ekrn went over how they’d make contact again; Luan wouldn’t have a map right back to Paeth, and frankly, he didn’t know if he’d be able to make the jungle-trip even if he wasn’t running for his life. It was hidden in the maze of green.
“We’ll have to have a farewell. Inside, of course.”
Citivican Loust glanced back at the tree, shuddering as he indicated the outside world. Luan smiled, nodding. One last eye-trip. The Human was heading to his ‘house’ to lie down.
He wondered how he’d tell his friends about this without giving the secret away. Would he tell the leadership, Ken, Daly, Geneva, and the others? Maybe…Geneva. She’d want to know about their alchemy, at least. Come to that—wait a second.
“I need to ask for that recipe for her anesthesia!”
Luan would ask when he was small. The [Necromancer] bustled in.
“Alright, Luan. We’re brewing up another batch of that soporific again. Just a moment…”
