Interlude – Burning Alcohol
Page 12
“You don’t understand. I’m just saying that it’s better to have a system like that. Clear-cut. No backtracking on rules, no negotiating sentences…if the rest of the world were like home, it would be easier. Well—I suppose that’s what my ancestors thought. We were not always on the Archipelago, you know. Once, we had lands elsewhere. Until the Era of Conquest. For that, we were exiled to the House of Minos, condemned to face our ancient foes.”
“Beza, you’ve told me this a thousand times…”
The young woman sighed. When Beza got drunk, she lectured people on honor and her home. The Minotauress waved an urgent hand.
“I’m not saying it’s perfect! Just—nearly.”
“Oh yeah? You have your ancient foes. Goblins. Explain that one to me.”
The Minotauress paused. She took another drink. Glumly, Montressa did the same.
“You don’t understand. You’d have to see them. Well—I never have. Up close. But I’ve seen the results. They are not like the Goblins on the continent. Your Goblin Lords…you had one come through here. We know what power they possess. Even after thousands of years, we can’t wipe them out from their damned island.”
“Not for lack of trying?”
“No. But it’s our burden to bear. Our punishment, that’s what I’ve heard. Personally, I believe the world forced us onto our islands because they were afraid of what would happen if we grew in number.”
Beza flexed one huge arm. She was taller than most species—even most Gnolls—and she had an incredible physique for a [Mage]. Second only to Grimalkin, really. Although that was an unfair comparison.
“Minotaurs are naturally stronger than any other race; we make siege weapons, which only Pallass and a few other nations even understand. If we are not the most gifted at magic—well—you have not seen our [Warmages], our navy and army.”
“Gee, tell me more. Why did you come to Wistram, then?”
The [Aegiscaster] heard nothing. She glanced up and saw Beza looking into her cup. The Minotauress mumbled a reply.
“I…went to Wistram because I lacked the magical ability to qualify for that role.”
“Oh.”
Montressa sobered a bit. She sat up.
“Beza, I—”
“It’s a fact. But I was weak, for all I loved magic. You understand? I fought for the honor of leaving the House of Minos, but it was a lesser one. Not like Venaz of Hammerad, who learns from the Titan himself.”
“Do you miss it?”
The two were maudlin now. Beza chewed savagely at some of the fries and Montressa helped herself to some of the nuts.
“Yes. No. The House of Minos…is a peaceful land, Montressa. That’s what people do not know. We clash with the Goblins, defend our shores. But we live in a utopia. If you do not desire to leave our islands, you may live and work and prosper in peace. Even the other nations which claim perfection admit ours is a wonderful place. Fetohep of Khelt himself acknowledged it as such under the last three Minotaur Kings.”
“Really? Even with the Goblins…?”
“We can’t get rid of them, but they have never invaded, save for when the Goblin Kings appear. Believe me, it is a paradise. One of few in the world.”
“Do you have a list? I know Khelt, and the Archmage’s Isle, but…”
Beza had a list. She counted them off on her fingers.
“Khelt in Chandrar, the Kingdom of Keys in Terandria, the Archmage’s Isle of Heiste, and of course the Silent Dome the Dullahans built—and the House of Minos. Paradises in our time.”
“So why leave?”
