Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 51
One of Big Yam looked at Velden. The Drake was…wobbling. Velden, the [Veteran Sergeant], looked at Vess.
“I think we got hit with something. I’m…”
He was pouring sweat. Vess leaned over.
“I don’t feel well, Velden. I…”
The Antinium had said something. Vess recalled it as he saw Velden slowly collapse, and Big Yam explode into chaos as the squad fell back. Another Gnoll who’d been struck was so bleary on her feet she stumbled forwards until her friends yanked her back. What was wrong with them?
 
 
 
 
Lulv, [Spearmaster]
 
“[Arrow of Fever]. Are you sure that’s what the Antinium said?”
Spearmaster Lulv stood well back from the Drake boy with the wand, upwind, listening with his keen hearing. The fever wasn’t contagious, or so it seemed.
It had broken merely an hour after the Drakes and Gnolls had collapsed, but that Antinium had fired nearly three dozen off. The arrows went through ordinary armor, and they made those struck feverish.
“I have never heard of that spell in my life.”
Sokkel, Manus’ representative, muttered in Lulv’s ear. The [Spearmaster] growled back.
“Neither have I. Three Antinium. Do you have marks on them?”
“Yes. Each one’s got amulets and rings, though. Our [Archers] took potshots…nothing. The one that was screaming insults even has a diffraction barrier.”
“Huh. They’re definitely on the list, then. Speaking of [Archers]…I have to investigate that, later.”
“Captain Yulre?”
Someone was calling Lulv’s fake name. He grunted and saw an officer of Luldem approaching.
“Sir?”
The Drake wasn’t as insulting as Hectval’s officers could be, but he was smiling a bit too-wide.
“I trust our consultant and your troops heard that? More…irregularities.”
His tone lingered on the word. This entire war was one big irregularity to the Alliance. Liscor didn’t go for surrendering nearly as much. They fielded Antinium. They were out for blood.
Lulv nodded.
“Yes, sir. My forces are considering the issue.”
“Ah. Then you’ll be deploying with us the next battle?”
Lulv kept his face blank as the officer looked at him.
“We are debating our best plan of attack.”
“I see. I see. But you will be fighting with us? In some capacity? High Command would look askance, given the circumstances, if we didn’t have—”
Sokkel interrupted before Lulv could snap.
“I can relay your question to High Command, [Captain]. I will be apprising them of my thoughts. Rest assured, Mercenary Captain Yulre will be engaged in the best position for his forces.”
The Luldem [Captain] looked at Lulv and then smiled helplessly at Sokkel.
“Yes, sir.”
He walked away, and Sokkel leaned over.
“Idiots. They don’t like [Mercenaries], but they come to us whenever they run into trouble.”
“Hrr. Can’t blame them. I’ll let you know where I want to go.”
Sokkel nodded. Lulv didn’t miss the frustrated look Luldem’s [Captain] and the other officers gave him as he strode off.
He was an annoyance, he knew. Lulv was turning the Alliance’s battles around by his presence, but he did not fight in the most advantageous spots for the Alliance. He only engaged the Antinium in numbers, and when, twice, a commander had tried to order him to follow their orders, Lulv had ignored it, and then, faced with court martial, offered to quit.
Wytel’s Blades, as his unit was posing as, was too valuable, so High Command put up with it. That was standard [Mercenary] stuff, and Lulv felt this could pass as standard. The problem came when he heard about the [Slaver].
 
——
 
“No [Slave]-trading. Where did that bastard come from?”
