Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 21
The Antinium Soldiers were used to moving in a tightly-packed wave of bodies that surrounded foes and dragged them down. However, under Tersk and Dekass, the Antinium moved and fought in the Armored Antinium’s style.
In ranks. Spaced out to give each warrior room to swing a weapon, with a second rank buried behind the first.
In that way, Squads 1-5 might face the foe while Squads 6-10, armed with longer weapons like pikes or halberds, would thrust and stab through the gap or move in.
It was neat, orderly…and odd to Crusader 51. However, as part of Battalion 1, he was ready to fight. Which was why he was entirely confused when Batallion 3 marched ahead of the others into the first ridgeline pass as Liscor’s army cautiously advanced.
Why Battalion 3? Crusader 51 didn’t feel unhappy. Just confused. The battalion in front might get hurt. Die. It wasn’t that he pitied them either; he just didn’t understand the logic.
Some battalions in the Antinium division were armed with bows, or different assortments of weapons, but Battalion 1 and 3 were functionally similar. The main difference…was that Battalion 3 had crossbows instead of bows on their backs.
Crusader 51 had been issued with a Soldier-bow, which meant it was designed so even he could put an arrow on the string with his clumsy digits. The crossbows of Battalion 3 were in even shorter supply; they had oversized triggers so a Soldier could pull them. They were so cumbersome to reload you got one shot unless you had a break from the fighting.
One shot, as Dekass would happily point out, was more than zero. Math.
It was he who led Battalion 3 into battle. From the rear, but still ahead of the others. Crusader 51 had mixed feelings on that, too.
If Tersk and Dekass were new, they were still Prognugators and to be obeyed. Yet if Tersk, for all Calruz had struck him, was more like Pawn, then Dekass was the Ksmvr or Klbkch. Why, exactly, Crusader 51 couldn’t say. It was his…reputation?
These things spread through the Antinium without much verbal exchange. In Crusader 51’s mind, it simply was that Tersk was probably better to lead than Dekass. Dekass ate too much food. Dekass was greedy. Dekass was less intelligent. And Dekass was still better than Pivr, who Crusader 51 had never met and didn’t want to.
 
——
 
The Antinium advance ran into an attack in the first hour of marching. The [Crusaders] came to a stop as Dekass spotted movement down the pass. Then a line of Drakes and Gnolls advanced, and the first [Fireball] spell exploded among their ranks.
Contact! Battalion 3 was engaged!
“Tersk to Commander Olesm. One [Mage] capable of [Fireball]. Dekass is holding ground. Battalions 1 and 2, advance! Cover Battalion 3’s flank! That position! [Precise Orders]!”
Tersk was booming, and Crusader 51 marched forwards—not to join Battalion 3, which was fighting the Drakes and Gnolls, but to their left flank.
They had been attacked in a V-shaped intersection, and while fighting had engulfed the right, Tersk clearly thought another attack was coming on their left. Crusader 51 had his sword drawn, his long thrusting dagger, and two shields on his right raised.
You do not have the room to maneuver. Do not disrupt the fighting line if possible! Make economical strikes! Defense is paramount to offense; the enemy will tire and give you a weakness! 
Calruz’s words bellowed in his mind. Crusader 51 was ready. Stab through the gap, raise the shield to cover his face like so, angled such that only an arrow from dead ahead would even find the narrow gap between helmet and shield cover.
He waited.
And waited.
