Interlude – Foliana
Page 7
No one noticed. And indeed, the only trouble Foliana had was navigating through the increasingly-busy citadel that housed the students coming to learn strategy, the servants, teachers, staff, members of the Forgotten Wing Company, and so on. Because no one stopped for her. No one tried to avoid her; they didn’t know she was there. So the [Rogue] slipped from spot to spot, deftly avoiding people, watching them stop and greet each other. Listening. Watching.
She was a ghost. So much so that she could lean on a shoulder and someone might not notice until she was gone. She could use an object and only someone with keen awareness would notice it was moving. It wasn’t just [Invisibility]. It was why Foliana was so feared. If she ate your favorite food, she was coming for you. And you’d never see her before she got you.
But she didn’t kill that often. Indeed, Foliana’s day looked more like this. After breakfast, she descended the citadel, following the students. She lined up as they did in front of a classroom, staring up at the big Minotaur, idly poking the Human [Lord] chatting to him. When the door opened, she followed them inside.
 
—-
 
Wil Kallinad’s back was itching today for some reason. He kept scratching at it as he talked to Venaz, and then filed into the classroom where he and a large number of advanced students were reporting today.
Niers Astoragon’s classes were always different and exciting. They were seldom easy, but that was the point. You could get to Level 30 just by taking his classes and learning from the master of strategy himself. That was why he was so popular. It wasn’t as fast as fighting, but it was far safer. So [Lieutenants], [Generals], [Strategists], [Commanders], and any class that owed anything to the art of strategy came here to learn how to improve.
Today’s was a joint lecture class. Which meant that the Titan’s special [Strategist] class was combined with the officer classes and other classes. Wil sat down next to Venaz and Yerranola, sighing. He was not having a good day.
“Do you have fleas or something?”
Venaz grumbled warily. Wil shrugged as he scratched at his back.
“I don’t know! I feel like something’s biting me, or tickling. You ever have that feeling?”
“Yes.”
“Nope.”
Yerranola looked at her classmates. Venaz rolled his eyes.
“Phantom feelings, Yerranola. You wouldn’t know because you’re a Selphid.”
“Hey! My nerves are connected. This body’s fresh.”
The Selphid poked her Human body. Wil and Venaz didn’t look convinced. Yerranola folded her arms.
“I can feel things. It’s great! Although I do disconnect my nerves if I think there’s something funky going on. So yeah, maybe you have poor nerves.”
“It’s just a feeling. It’s gone now.”
Wil sighed. Foliana stopped poking his back and watched with interest as Venaz edged sideways, closer to Kissilt.
“If you have fleas—”
“I don’t have fleas. I don’t have that much hair!”
“Fleas can get everywhere. Kissilt, switch places with me.”
“Shut up, Venaz. I’m having a bad day.”
The Drake raised his head, looking annoyed. He rummaged in his bag, growling.
“Ancestors—my inkpot’s gone! I swore I had it—will one of you lend me yours?”
Venaz checked his bag. Foliana sniffed the inkpot she’d opened and tasted the ink. She paused, then corked it and put it back in Kissilt’s bag.
“I only have mine.”
“Let me use it, then.”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“You’ve been rude to me, Kissilt. I won’t do you favors for unpleasantness in return. Amend your ways, and we’ll talk.”
The Drake half-rose, furiously, as the last students hurried into the room.
“You damn—oh, wait. Here it is.”
