Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 46
“I apologize for disturbing you, Honored Garsine. But I can see Earth’s warriors. Thanks to that, I understand more than I ever would without. I can tell you all, Chieftains, honestly, that we must prepare for Earth to meet our world. If we have time, I suggest we race to develop arms like theirs. If we have years…we may survive. If they appear next month, next year? We must find the best way to hide or surrender.”
The Gnolls looked at him, astonished. This, coming from Adetr Steelfur, the [Battle Seeker] and [Vanguard of Metal]?
It had far more weight than coming from even Rose herself. Werri sat up, and Iraz blinked at his nephew.
“You truly say this, Adetr? You did not say it to me.”
“I was making sure, Chieftain Iraz. But I am certain. Rose has spoken to me about Earth. I have…facts. They have superior weapons to ours. Not magically—we can use magic against them—but if two sides meet unprepared, ours will lose. Not just Gnolls. Any army in the world. Named Adventurers would stand a chance, depending on their Skills and artifacts. But if we meet tomorrow, and every nation allies without restraint, enemies and allies, and both worlds go to war—we will lose absolutely and instantly.”
Adetr was shaking. Now that he could say it, it was a relief. Rose sat upright.
“Adetr! That wasn’t what we talked about. I told you about Earth because…you were nervous! I thought you understood we’re not like that.”
He looked at her and almost smiled at her.
“I have talked with you, Rose, and you have told me many things. I cannot imagine your world fully. But I can understand your numbers. This is the number you should know first, Honored Gnolls, Chieftain. Seven billion. Possibly eight. That is a thousand times a million. Eight billion Humans reside on Earth.”
The Gnolls all looked at Adetr, completely unable to understand that number. Feshi’s fur drained of color, and she lowered her notepad.
“Eight…I cannot…the Walled Cities number in the millions, and they are among the grandest cities in the world.”
The huge [Shapechanger] rubbed at her head. Adetr nodded to her.
“Rose’s city is four million people strong, Honored Garsine. And it is one of many. But not just that—Earth Humans have the ability to fly in vehicles and launch explosive weapons at us, greater than [Fireball] spells. They can fly a mile up, and they have created metal vehicles like Golem armor—but controlled, with weapons capable of knocking down a Drake City’s walls with one shot. I have seen it.”
“With your Skill. I cannot credit that. Where is one of these weapons? How would Az’muzarre fare against them?”
Chieftain Reizet was patently incredulous. Adetr met her eyes, and saw the Gnoll woman stiffen as he delivered the next words.
“Chieftain Reizet. I say this with no insult but with the truth. There is a scenario where their average warriors—average warriors, with their weapons, guns, firearms, rifles—could face all of Az’muzarre from afar. And, before you took one of their lives, they could kill your entire tribe. Steelfur as well. I have seen it.”
The Chieftain of Az’muzarre stared at Adetr for a second in pure astonishment before she grew angry. But she was forestalled—
Iraz dropped his cup out of his paws. He didn’t even look at the water splashing down. All the Chieftains looked at him. Werri shot up, cursing, then saw Iraz staring at Adetr. Because what sounded like alarmist talk, or someone exaggerating?
Iraz knew Adetr. He didn’t lie.
“But—but listen. Adetr. I thought we talked. I thought…”
