Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 42
And for once, Greydath hesitated. He put out his claw, and Izikere stirred.
“No.”
No? Few things surprised Izikere, but she turned her head, blinking, as the Goblins in the village pointed up at the Goblin Lords. Some waved. Greydath stared past them and whispered.
“Not Curulac. Nor Velan. They were filled with fury. Consumed at times, yes. But Goblin Kings are only partly insane. Whatever happens to them—they have lucid moments. I was with both until their ends. That is why each one leaves something.”
“Curulac destroyed Terandrian Kingdoms at random. All that he ruined is rebuilt—”
“No. He fought for a reason. He went to Terandria and broke the enemies he sought to kill. Servants of our foes, he called them. Do you know the ones they call Agelum and Lucifen?”
Izikere tilted her head back and forth.
“…I thought they were dead.”
“More are, now. Just like Velan, they all left something. Sóve, this island. Velan, his challenge to the Goblins of Izril.”
The other Goblin Lord was looking at Greydath with sadness, now. She spoke.
“And Curulac left you.”
Greydath of Blades’ hand tightened on his greatsword, and every Goblin decided it was a really good time to go inside their homes.
“Not me. My mother. And he was not the Goblin I knew when he became King.”
And still, he wanted them to rise. The two Goblins stood there, arguing, sharing secrets, but in truth—Greydath looked tired. He had seen another Goblin Lord fall as soon as he rose. Greydath turned away from Izikere.
“—I came to tell you that the Redfangs of the High Passes are gone. Their Chieftain was Level 38, I think. Two classes. Garen Redfang. He is dead. Another tribe has begun setting up there, but the Goblins of the north have lost many tribes. South, too.”
“I will send many Goblins to their shores, then. It will be the most dangerous, with all the nations fighting for land.”
“Good. I will go to Terandria. Something…calls me. Not the other tribes. A strange Goblin. Do you watch the news?”
“News?”
Izikere gave Greydath the blankest look in creation, and he laughed. The Goblins of this isle hadn’t even heard of television, yet. That did make him smile.
 
——
 
“The Goblins will be launching their armada. We have witnessed them preparing the ships at night, covertly. Even with Greydath of Blades, it seems they have no confidence they can protect their flotilla.”
It was a huge migration of Goblins, the very thing the House of Minos wanted to avoid. Prince Khedal was preparing to lead the fleet against the Goblins, though it would be a running battle against two Goblin Lords.
The Minotaur King, Inreza, had asked if Khedal were able to keep fighting. He had assured her he was capable. Of course, he probably would have said that if he were breathing out a hole in his chest, but she hadn’t forbidden him.
He felt…slightly off after surviving the Isle of Goblins. Most put it down to the poison and harrowing journey—or his defeat, all of which could damage the prideful prince.
Inreza thought the real reason might be different. She approved Khedal’s warplans with the [Admirals] and then spoke to him alone.
“You have been unhappy with me, Khedal. For interrupting your duel with the Goblin Lord.”
He hesitated. Khedal, who spoke his mind about any dishonor he saw, no matter the situation, was loath to contradict her. Once, when rumors had spread that Inreza might be best served by appointing Khedal her replacement and retiring due to her wounds, he had offered to abdicate his claims to the throne on the spot.
His jaw worked as he put his hands behind his back.
