Interlude – Chess and Ships
Page 5
Feshi tried to run, but the heaving deck was impossible for her to move quickly on; she had to clutch the railing, unlike the [Storm Sailors] who dashed about the slippery deck unimpeded.
“You idiots!”
A Minotaur’s bellow cut through even the storm’s howling. Venaz, braced at the railing, turned. His eyes, normally white with dark yellow and brown irises, began to turn red. He dashed to the railing and a young man ran with him.
Wil Kallinad and Venaz reached Merrik and Yerranola. Unlike the others, they moved with some ease on the decks. Both had experience on ships and they’d been trying to get their companions below decks. Now, Venaz swore as he saw Peki in the distance.
“It’s you and me, Kallinad! Get some ropes and we’ll dive in! When we grab her, pull us back up! Find me some rope, Yerra, and—”
“I’ve got her!”
Merrik turned and stared as Wil Kallinad, the young Terandrian [Strategist] and [Lord] from House Kallinad, ran towards the railing and dove over it, into the waters.
“Dead gods! Wil!”
Yerranola shouted at her friend, but Wil appeared almost instantly. He swam through the huge waves, making towards Peki.
Fair play to the Garuda, she hadn’t stopped thrashing about. She couldn’t swim, but she was learning—and fast. But her wet feathers and inexperience would have swept her under with the next crashing wave. She stopped as she saw Wil racing towards her and thrust out a hand.
“He’s got her! Toss the ropes!”
Venaz had found a [Sailor]. They threw a rope as Wil began to swim backwards. Feshi stared as the two seized the rope and were dragged aboard.
“Selphid’s tits! He swims like a fish!”
Merrik exclaimed as he hurried over to Peki and Wil, both dripping with saltwater. Venaz shrugged.
“Bah, I could do the same. Wil’s a coastal [Lord]. When I was a boy in the Isles of Minos, I swam—”
Venaz’s reply was cut off by a roar from the bow of the ship.
“Everyone below decks! There’s a titan of a wave coming! Move your worthless legs!”
Feshi, Venaz, Yerranola, Merrik, Wil, and Peki, all ran for it. They were six [Strategists], prodigies who’d studied at the Titan’s academy by merit of their talents. And that meant they listened when an expert shouted like that. Especially at sea.
“Dead gods!”
Feshi howled and pointed. A massive wave was coming straight for the ship. The [Storm Captain] was taking them right towards it.
“We’re going to go under!”
“No! Everybody brace!”
From the bow of the ship, the [Captain] roared as the colossal wave began to break on the ship.
“[Wavebreaker’s Advance]!”
The ship shot forwards. It smashed through the wave as the bow hit the wave and split the waters. The wave parted. For a moment the [Strategists] saw a terrifying sight, of the waters on either side rushing past as the ship sailed through the gap. Then they were through, and the wave, split in two, began to collapse with a roar.
The [Storm Sailors] cheered as the [Strategists] stared ahead. The [Captain] shouted them down; there were more waves to come. But they’d made it. As the six students headed below decks, Peki threw up some water.
 
—-
 
“Dead gods. What was that?”
A few hours later, the six emerged above decks to find an exhausted crew, and clear skies. The ocean was still, and but for the water which had soaked the decks, and their memory of it, the students wouldn’t have known there’d be a storm.
“Summer storm. Mild, as it goes. Sorry about your friend. We thought you lot’d know how to at least swim.”
