Interlude – Of Vampires and Fraerlings
Page 12
The little advice actually did a lot for Fierre. In that she didn’t take as many punches or kicks. She began to leap around; it was still easy for Garia to tell her trajectory. But…Fierre twisted in the air. What if she could execute an aerial dodge? What if…
 
——
 
Fierre took Garia aside, so they were fighting out of range of the campground on the pretense that they’d nearly hit the fire a few times.
“Garia. Garia, try hitting me now. Don’t hold back.”
The [Martial Artist] leapt at Fierre and the Vampire girl did a leap that defied gravity; she could jump ten feet straight up. Garia, with her [Greater Strength], was still envious of Fierre’s agility. Fierre landed, hopped, and dove as Garia advanced, grounded, striking and punching.
But Garia had many Skills and Fierre had only a handful.
“[Flash Kick]!”
Fierre leapt backwards, taking the kick on a cross-armed block, just like Garia had taught her. But her jump, again, was the most obvious thing in the world.
[Footwork: Half-circle Reposition].
Garia swept towards Fierre in that circling movement, like Grimalkin had taught her. She set up a roundhouse kick to Fierre’s back as the Vampire twisted in midair. She saw Fierre’s eyes glow red, and then—
She vanished. She turned to mist, just for a half-second, and changed directions in midair. Garia recoiled.
“Aaaaaah!”
[Sway Dodge] made her lean under a wild haymaker from Fierre. The Vampire girl could have pressed her attack then, but like the amateur she was, she stomped her feet.
“I nearly had you! I did it on the first try! Come on, Garia, couldn’t you let me have just one good punch?”
The [Martial Artist] just blinked at Fierre. She lacked Skills, but she could make up for it with her natural abilities. She just needed…
Practice.
 
——
 
Niers didn’t see the hidden sparring, but he didn’t need to. Fierre was fairly bright; if she didn’t work anything out, he, and her friend, would get her to adapt to a more grounded style.
Just a kid. Never seen a real fight. He agreed with the others’ assessments.
However. Fierre wasn’t wrong. If the Goblins and seasoned warriors laughed at her desire to be ‘cool’, Niers laughed at them. It was amazing. Her desire to be…well, a Gold-rank? A superhuman individual? That was what you needed.
At any rate, Bird had more tasks that night. Like squatting next to Gothica.
She confused the hell out of Niers. The Cave Goblin, rather than join Fierre, was mixing more eye-shadow. Bird asked about it when Niers prompted him.
“Gothica. What is a [Goth]?”
“Psh. Don’t know. [Goth] is [Goth].”
The Cave Goblin sneered. Niers prompted Bird again.
“Was your class…new? In your mind? I am asking because I have never heard of a [Goth].”
“Not new. But good class.”
“Can you tell me anything about the nature of [Goth]?”
The Cave Goblin had the same problem as Niers; her class didn’t have a helpful tutorial. Rather, like new Skills, it was something you learned, or knew about.
And Niers, who knew more classes than almost anyone in the entire world, didn’t know her class.
Of course he was interested. He narrowed his eyes.
Bird, acting as his voice, talked to Gothica. She had some intuition.
“[Goth] is look good. [Goth] is…like that one.”
She pointed in the direction Fierre had gone, and gave a wickedly sharp smile.
“Good teeth. But also good dress. Like…this color.”
She gestured to her clothing. Dark, brooding. Gothica tilted her head.
“…Should get good music, too.”
“Numbtongue plays good music. He is in a band with Kevin.”
Bird pointed out. Gothica made her ‘puh’ sound and swept her bangs back.
