Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 11
Bepol glared but let Wing Commander Embria sort out Igessi’s squad. The Wing Commander saw Wikir walk down the row of [Soldiers], smacking them.
“You idiots. We’re 4th Company. You’re starting brawls with the army?”
“Not us, Wing Commander! They started it!”
“Oh, and someone wants to pick a fight with 4th Company. Who did?”
Vell raised a boot to kick a surprisingly battered-looking [Corporal], and the Gnoll burst out.
“The Ants! They jumped us!”
Embria unfolded her arms.
“What?”
Bepol had two Antinium squads of ten placed among their ranks. Ostensibly to let Liscor’s [Soldiers] see them fight alongside them. Unofficially? Embria guessed it was a kind of reward for a lucky squad.
They didn’t get minced up with the rest of the poor bastards by Manus. Although Embria had heard a single Soldier somehow held off Manus and saved the Painted Antinium. That had to be a rumor, but she wasn’t heartbroken that they got away.
There was definitely a change in the Antinium. The [Corporal] looked uneasy.
“We were just talking, and one of them heaved over and punched Samul’s lights out! We nearly stabbed them, but they fought with their fists, and Commander Bepol himself stopped it.”
“Antinium punched you? Why? Did you provoke them?”
Vell was incredulous. The [Corporal] visibly hesitated.
“N-no? We were just, uh, talking…”
Embria’s eyes narrowed. Another [Soldier] confessed.
“We might have been saying something about the…casualties? Like how the Painted Antinium weren’t as good as everyone said? Then—bam!”
Wikir hesitated, looking at Embria. The Drake growled.
“So you badmouthed them, and you were surprised when one of their own decided to knock your face in? Corporal, if someone said the Gnolls on Chandrar deserved what they got, what would you do?”
The Gnoll [Corporal] protested.
“Yes, Wing Commander, I’d give them the Liscorian handshake, but they’re Ants.”
Embria hesitated.
“I know. But…don’t do it again. Just don’t. And if any of 4th Company starts a fight that gets to Commander Olesm, I’ll let him kick you all into the latrine. Besides.”
Besides…Vell had her arms folded, but Wikir finished it.
“They’re getting chewed up and spat out, no? Stow it.”
Vell blinked. She looked from Wikir to Embria. The Wing Commander slowly nodded.
“Exactly. So shut the hell up and get ready to join the latrine diggers.”
 
——
 
Odd, odd, odd. Embria didn’t like it. Not the Antinium punching out anyone who bad-mouthed them. Or them getting more dangerous.
She didn’t like…knowing Artur’s name. Or feeling embarrassed when she said something stupid. She hated to admit it, but she had a vague uncertainty in the back of her head. She resisted it…like she would have resisted Olesm giving her an Antinium squad to command.
But part of her feared that her hatred of the Antinium? The dislike of them being in the army? She feared that one day, she’d wake up, or blink, and the reason would unravel like a piece of thread.
And if she thought like that…perhaps it was already undone. But the truth would come out later. Embria did not have to wait long for results after Yolden’s forces encountered Liscor. Manus kept coming at the Antinium lines, but with noticeable hesitancy after the mystery of Crusader 51. And elsewhere?
The stalled warfront slowly began to break as a second new force entered the mix.
 
 
 
 
Vess, [Arcane Warrior]
 
When he reached his class consolidation, Vess was Level 20. He’d reached Level 20 during the war, and Big Yam threw him a celebration.
“Prodigy! We have a real prodigy here!”
