Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.1)
Page 19
Her inn was full. And it held Gnolls and Drakes, Dullahans, Garuda, even a Selphid and half-Giant. But the one Goblin was going. He couldn’t stand it in there, and he didn’t like to think of another day with the inn full of…people.
He was glad for Erin, he really was. But he felt out of place in her inn, when everyone was filling it and she was at the center of it all. Especially when half of them recoiled from the sight of him. It wasn’t just tiring, it made him annoyed. He knew it was natural; his heart skipped a beat whenever he saw an adventurer he didn’t recognize. But he didn’t like it. Nor did he like being stared at all the time.
So he left. He walked down the hill from The Wandering Inn and towards the city in the distance. No one stopped him. And as he neared Liscor, no one blew horns or raised the alarm. And that was…wonderful. A miracle. He could walk in the inn, even go near the city without being hunted. Like a monster. It had been his dream, since being a child.
When he was young, he used to dream of entering a city and walking around, seeing what Humans did when they weren’t hunting his kind. Greydath used to tell him stories of marvelous cities, of sights few Goblins had ever witnessed. And so Numbtongue had dreamed of it. 
Ironically, it had been Garen Redfang who had taken that chance; he could pass as Human, while Numbtongue had been far too fat when he’d become a Hob. So Garen had been first, and had learned so much more than Numbtongue ever could. Funny, when you thought of it, they were both of the same generation, children during Velan’s war. 
But Numbtongue had always felt older than Garen, if only by a few years and experience. Perhaps it was how they Numbtongue blinked and missed a step. He slid down a hill, catching himself before pitching into a muddy sludge at the bottom. The valleys were still filled with water. Numbtongue cursed, dug his feet into the side of the hill and climbed before taking a bath in the mud. He stomped over the next hillock, pounding his forehead with the heel of his clawed hand.
Pyrite. It was Pyrite who had spoken to Greydath and dreamed of being in Human cities, not Numbtongue. He, Numbtongue, had grown up in a Human city in his youth. In the sewers, before the Humans had eradicated all Goblins living there.
They had both dreamed of walking a city’s streets in peace, though. Both dreamed of a day when they could see the cities that they could never approach in person. Human cities, full of wonders and lights. An enticing, deadly dream. And now it was true. Only, in reality, it was a Drake city that Numbtongue could walk near without dying. And while they didn’t shoot him with arrows, their stares sometimes felt like them.
And for this privilege, Numbtongue knew, the price had been tens of thousands of Goblin lives. Over a hundred thousand. It had been his brothers and his Chieftain. A Goblin Lord and his people. All dead to win one Goblin the right to be stared at in peace. Numbtongue bowed his head as he walked. And he remembered a time when five Goblins had stayed at Erin’s inn. He liked to think he was happy, now. But he wanted to believe he had been even happier back then.
