Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 4
Ryoka’s eyes widened. She stepped forwards—
…And nearly tripped on a rock. The City Runner swore as she nearly split her big toe. Salamani eyed his wand. Then he sighed.
“You must be wearing an anti-enchantment artifact. I think it’s the necklace. You’ll uh, have to take it off for me to enchant you.”
“Oh.”
Ryoka was still wearing a bunch of the looted gear. Salamani grumbled as Fierre giggled.
“That was so much more impressive in my head.”
When he cast the spell again, Ryoka felt a familiar sensation. The world—slowed—around her. Or perhaps her mind and body sped up to create the same effect. It wasn’t the same rush as when she’d taken Teriarch’s potion. But it was—something.
“AaahI’mgoingsofastthisisamazing!”
Fierre zipped past Salamani and Ryoka before the young woman was given the spell. Then she, Salamani, and Fierre were running in their own world of speed. The rest of the world was a slow blur behind them, people turning in wagons, moving slowly.
“Wow! And you run like this all the time?”
“Mage. Runner. Do you think I’d ever run without magic?”
Salamani grinned at Ryoka. She resolved to buy a Wand of Haste or something to have this effect at will. This—this was Courier speed.
“What are you going to do with your money, Salamani? That spellbook with a Tier 6 spell?”
The Courier nodded.
“That. And I’m going to buy something I should have bought a long time ago. Well—I couldn’t afford a good one. A Golem! Fierre, you work as an Opener, right? You should invest in one!”
“Golems? From where?”
The Vampire girl stopped running ahead to run with them. Ryoka was interested too. Salamani shrugged.
“If I can get a discount? From home—I mean, the academy. Wistram makes some. Not high-grade, but we can manufacture up to Autonomous-Combat type Golems—mostly in the Steelbody forms. Nothing like Cognizant-Steward types like Cognita—if she’s not above that, even.”
The words rolled over Ryoka, but each one was fascinating in its implications. Fierre, predictably, seemed to know part of what Salamani meant.
“Which one would you buy, Salamani?”
“Either one of those huge, hulking types that can fight and perform tasks—or a Golem horse.”
“A what?”
Fierre brightened.
“I’ve read about those, actually. D-do you think I could buy a Golem?”
“With how much gold we’ve got? Surely!”
Salamani grinned. Ryoka tapped him on the shoulder.
“Where do you buy Golems? Wistram?”
He nodded.
“That’s one spot. There aren’t many places capable of producing…good…Golems anymore. Illivere is by far the best place to commission an order from. But Wistram might discount me if I call in some favors. It’s expensive—very expensive—but at a Courier’s income, you can afford one! You should consider it.”
“A Golem.”
Ryoka had a sudden image of a Golem from a video game punching someone in her way. Like…a certain sallow-faced girl. It was a tempting thought. Then she remembered the Snow Golem during the winter run with Ivolethe.
“They’re so useful. Guard duty, lifting things—heck, I could get one to dig a new well for the farm. That’s actually a great idea, Salamani. It’d really make me a credible Opener with some security like that…”
Fierre was musing aloud. Ryoka nodded. Golems did sound great. Which begged the question.
“So…why aren’t Golems common? If they’re at all affordable and that useful…I haven’t seen any on my runs, except maybe Magnolia Reinhart’s mansion and Valeterisa’s. Are they just not common in Izril because they’re made in Chandrar and Wistram?”
Fierre and Salamani looked amused. The Mage Runner laughed.
