Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 48
“Enough. Enough! I cannot live like this.”
Eloque screamed. Pisces reached for her, but she struck his hand down. He stared at the gashes on his hand, wincing, but Eloque was calm in the next second. She looked at Pisces, and backed away from the door. She had thought this was a safe place. Now?
Now, she looked at Pisces.
“When we first met, you told Igheriz you were better than he. A [Necromancer] better than a [Slaver]. I believed you. Right now? Look what Riqre has done to you.”
She pointed down at the unconscious Bearig. She never looked away from Pisces’ gaze. The [Necromancer] wavered as Eloque slowly opened the door.
“Igheriz makes me look like something more appealing to him. Slowly. Painfully. You—you do it less visibly. Faster, kinder. You are better at it than him, yes, but I prefer Igheriz after all. Riqre will have you make us all into his puppets. I have had enough. Goodbye.”
He did not respond as she threw open the door and fled deeper into the mansion. Pisces stood there, swaying, her words echoing in his mind. He looked at Cawe, and down at Bearig.
Pisces knelt, head in his hands. He had never thought of himself as a monster. He had never…
He felt himself sinking. Riqre was laughing, somewhere. 
Pisces stared at his shaking hands.
 
—-
 
When they brought Pisces to the banquet hall, Emir Riqre was not angry. He sighed as he stared down at Bearig. The man’s body was whole. He was healed.
Not changed.
“Ah, Pisces. How close you came! Nevermind. I can see you had someone change your mind. The little bird? Perhaps…no, it does not matter. We have time. Let us try again.”
He didn’t even care Pisces hadn’t ‘fixed’ Bearig. The man was dragged out, surprised that he lived. Yet Riqre had forgotten about him in a moment. He was studying Pisces, thinking, musing aloud.
“It is so tricky. Perhaps if I said ‘that Garuda dies’, you will…but what? Some things are too crude. Hm, hm…let me think.”
His gentle, musing voice horrified Pisces more than anything he had ever heard in his life. The [Necromancer] looked around. There was nothing to stop Riqre. Hrome had come to, but was pouring himself more wine in horror. Azam? Azam—Pisces couldn’t look at the Djinni. Not after what they’d done.
There was no salvation here. Not in this darkness, in this night. If the sun had risen overhead, and the roof of the keep broken, Pisces thought the light would have quailed and fled Riqre. If Erin were here? Could she stand against this?
If he could have done anything, Pisces would have eradicated this entire place. Destroyed it completely. That was all there was left. There was no salvation here. He began to reach for something, a weapon, a fork or butter knife, hands shaking, knowing he would never come back.
Then he saw Riqre look up, and beam. He clapped his hands and rose.
“I have it! It is always first steps, Pisces. First…steps. I will help you down the first few, so we shall try again. Bring me magical agents! Find my [Mages] and deliver unto us all their little powders and crystals, to write spell circles! And bring me one last thing.”
His [Slaves] rushed about and the others turned to look at Pisces. What now? The [Necromancer] waited, hand on the butter knife. He saw Riqre look down and laugh.
“Oh, Pisces. You will not object nor need that. Put it down; you cannot raise your hand against me, anyways, only my enemies or those I let you. I could give you company, threaten you to do many things. Kill that man as punishment. Inelegant. Foolish.”
He flicked his fingers, blew on the tips of his nails and brushed them against his lips.
