Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.1)
Page 16
The Pallassian Garuda smiled, keeping her voice low as the crowd, some of whom were now sitting on tall chairs, craned over her head, watching a play in the background. She whispered back to the Drake.
“I think we were talking about family. Do you have any relatives around here?”
“Well, I have an Aunt who lives in Lassil. Have you ever been there?”
“Lassil? No way! I was there just last—”
“Quiet in front! I’m watching the play!”
The Garuda turned her head and glared.
“Some of us are talking! You shut up!”
“Why can’t we go through? Just get a [Mage] already!”
“Shut up! I’m watching the play! And I’m on the list for tomorrow!”
“What? I have to wait three weeks—”
The crowds on both sides began arguing with each other while the aggrieved play-watcher demanded silence again and again. Numbtongue, watching from the side, was amazed neither group started jumping through the door to hit each other. Erin, watching with him, shook her head.
“Nuts, huh, Numbtongue? Everyone loves the other city suddenly. Sorry about forgetting to check on you; I’m really busy today!”
She waved around the crowded inn. Numbtongue nodded silently. He had been here yesterday and witnessed Erin introducing Liscor to Pallass and vice versa. Today it seemed no less busy—and it was just past dawn! Erin glanced up at him and frowned.
“When did you go through the door anyways? Lyonette said she saw you off right when she woke up, but I got up an hour before dawn! How long have you been mining?”
The Hob shrugged.
“A while? I found something. Want to see?”
He shifted his pack, ready to show Erin. He had been looking forwards to her reaction and the delighted smile on her face made him smile unconsciously. Erin looked at the pack.
“Really? More magicore? I know you have a few mana stones from…Pyrite’s stuff. But what else did you get? No, wait…sorry. I’ve got to take this.”
She grimaced. Someone was shouting her name from the door. Numbtongue lowered his pack and watched as she fought through the crowd.
“Alright, who is it? I told you, no one’s allowed through no matter how much they’re paying unless—oh! Hey, I remember you! Grimalkin! I need a door charge!”
Erin turned and bellowed across the room. Amid the roar of protests from the door crowd on both sides, a muscly Drake turned his head and grimaced. Grimalkin was sitting in the inn with Relc, doing some workouts with some barbells and other weights Erin had helped him come up with. He sighed, but came over to the door as Relc took the barbells from him.
“I told you, I’m not your walking battery, Miss Erin.”
“Yeah, but—please? I helped with the weights. Maughin made a bunch, right Maughin?”
Erin waved at a Dullahan who was sitting with a Selphid in a corner of her inn. The Dullahan jumped and looked up. He raised his head and looked around blankly.
“What? Am I needed?”
“Nah, it’s just Erin being Erin. Sit back down.”
Jelaqua laughed next to him. The Halfseekers were in the inn, having been derailed from their journey towards Invrisil for two days now. Moore got up and cautiously made his way towards the door with Grimalkin. The [Sinew Magus] was arguing with Erin as he leaned on it.
“It’s not that easy. We don’t regain all of our mana in a single night’s rest, Miss Solstice. And yes, I generate mine efficiently thanks to my muscles and I have a larger mana supply than most, but this is taxing. I appreciate Mage Moore’s help and the other [Mages] have pulled their weight, but you need a better system in place for this.”
