Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 31
Not immediately. Not right away. He actually spent one week in Olesm’s camp, even visited Liscor with Squad 5 and other Antinium and [Soldiers] on break.
Not with them, mind you; he was a prisoner. Yet Olesm took Vess on a tour of the camps, parts of Liscor. He had a long talk with Vess and nearly eighty other prisoners he gathered up.
Mostly young men and women. Gnolls from Hectval were figured among that number, and Olesm told them they were going to their cities.
“I’ve made a deal with your High Command. You don’t appear on the front lines again. You go home…and tell them what you saw here.”
That was how they left Lookout Lookout Hill, which was developing a new name as the bloody front of Liscor’s war with the Alliance. Vess had no idea of the battles between Liscor’s [Negotiators] or Olesm fighting for this result.
He thought it was kindness. It had certainly felt that way. Kindness and…
 
——
 
Luldem’s gates opened up to fanfare. Vess hadn’t expected that. People turned, some dusty from harvesting gickel roots, having hurried into the gates.
Gickel, the big farms of it, and the heavy amount of livestock, for Luldem’s gelatin. Vess smelled the thick, heavy odor like faintly edible chalk that clung to the roots before they were cleaned, dried, and ground up for the gelatin.
The air was so soft. The sky never looked so…beautiful.
And tragic. He would never forget Big Yam or Velden. The [Sergeant] had died in his sleep, a single stab wound in his heart.
He couldn’t forgive the Antinium for that. However…it was not them that Vess was angriest about.
“Our brave heroes from the front! Vess, a [Corporal] and [Arcane Warrior]!”
The Councilmembers singled him out because of his class. He saw them, adorned in their customary outfits of poofy clothing. Thick, like a comforting bowl of gelatin soup you had to work at to even get a slice of.
His Council was so unlike Liscor’s. He shook the claws of each Councilmember, and his family was crying and waving at him.
And Vess? He looked at Councilmember Saiyl and wondered if he knew that Hectval had assassinated an [Innkeeper] after they’d been kicked out of Liscor.
Or did they know?
Vess was burning to tell someone. He had to. This war—the Council had to call on the Watch to stop people from mobbing him, begging to know if they’d seen their loved ones. He wanted to shout it.
This war could end tomorrow if Luldem stopped backing Hectval. Vess realized that the Council might know, but no one else even knew that two more Antinium Hives were in the war. They had no idea that the front was a bloodbath—all they heard was what the army told them.
“I’m…tired.”
That was all Vess said to begin with. He kept staring up at the sky. And he wondered if the Antinium thought it was beautiful too. That was what the one who talked claimed. And why would he lie?
 
 
 
 
Relc, [Trusted Sergeant]
 
After three months, after he visited the inn and had a meal with his best bud, Klbkch, Relc Grasstongue heard about the war.
Or, to be more precise, the war found him.
“Guardsman…is that Senior Guardsman Relc? Hey! Hey!”
Relc turned as he and Klbkch were walking down the street. They weren’t on duty, but habits never changed.
“Huh?”
A Drake was waving at him. A Drake in a squad.
Relc recognized it instantly. It was the walk. They moved together, unconsciously, just like they’d fought and died and bled together. They looked around Liscor like children, taking everything in again.
