Interlude – Of Vampires and Fraerlings
Page 11
Octavia frowned at her cards. Ulvama scratched at her side, yawning. Sergeant Gna glared at the Hobgoblin until Ulvama shook her head.
“Argh!”
“Fierre! Jumping attacks are really stupid. No one hops around like that.”
Fierre’s flying kick looked like something out of a movie. And it was about as practical in a fight.
“It’s just—I know I can punch and block, but I want something incredible! Don’t you feel that way, Garia? Numbtongue! Don’t you think a flying attack looks cool? Imagine jumping off that rock with your sword!”
The Vampire protested as Garia, sweating but exhilarated, tried to debrief her combat failings. The [Bard] looked up and glanced at the rock Fierre pointed at.
He and all the Hobs laughed.
“Jump? Sounds like good way to land on pike.”
Snapjaw chortled. Fierre’s face fell; even Salkis and Gna looked disapproving.
Amateur fighters. She acted like a Bronze-rank adventurer, all flash—but with some actual strength and speed to back it up.
“I just think—I know it’s not practical, but I just uh, levelled up! I want to fight like it! It feels…incredible. Like a Gold-rank. Why can’t I fight like that?”
“Hah. You want to be an adventurer, miss. They can show off; real [Soldiers] don’t flash around like that. Even our Wing Commander. She can do tricks like that with her spear; she’s as close to a [Spearmaster] as anyone. But she doesn’t, especially not in battle. Economy of movement.”
Sergeant Gna retorted as she lost three coppers to Ulvama. She threw down her cards in disgust. To make her feel better, and because it wasn’t her food but the group’s, Ulvama offered her a boiled egg. The Gnoll woman hesitated, then bit into it and chewed, grumpily.
“But…”
Fierre was crestfallen as the veterans assured her that no, she was stupid. Garia bit her lip—right up until Bird wandered over and sat down.
“There are flying fighting styles, Miss Fierre. I would know. I am Bird. Tell her, Pivr.”
“There are?”
Pivr looked up. Bird glowered as his antennae, poking out of his hat, waved idly. Fierre glanced up.
“There are, Bird? How do you know?”
“I am smart? There are [Martial Artists] who fight in midair. You are just doing it wrong and Garia cannot teach you.”
“…Can you teach me, Bird?”
“Nope!”
The Antinium [Bird Hunter] threw up his hands happily. Fierre sighed, but she glanced at him. And his hat.
“…So what should I do?”
“Figure out why you are being punched in the face. Don’t do that. I had a st—I mean, I know of a [Strategist] who practiced the ‘Steel Feather’ school. Garuda. Drop kicks and many leapings. I am also Bird. So my contribution is that you are not fast enough. Every bird in the world laughs at you. I wrote an article on the Terandrian Galewing because I am a column-writer for a newspaper. They are faster and more agile. Garia hits you because you always jump at her. Evade.”
Bird actually added to Niers’ advice. Fierre blinked for a bit to decipher his confusing rant, but she nodded.
“Garia! I’m ready for another try!”
“Are you sure?”
Even Garia, who knew Fierre’s nature, was astonished at her resilience. Niers, sitting in Bird’s hat, stroked his beard.
She was tough! He frowned at Fierre. She was a minor curiosity. He would have guessed she was a Selphid in hiding with that kind of physical superiority. Maybe her mother had passed on some kind of super-traits via Skills?
