Interlude – Krshia
Page 18
Mrsha nodded. She paged through the spellbook, pausing for a few minutes on each page. Elirr watched her and then offered a suggestion.
“Mrsha, look for a powerful spell that has to do with earth magic.”
Both Krshia and Mrsha looked up at Elirr, confused. The Gnoll explained.
“I hear that spellcasters learn some magics more easily. A thing of personality, yes? Like how Ceria Springwalker casts primarily ice magic. Mrsha may be attuned to the magic of nature.”
That made sense. Krshia nodded. If there was an element that belonged to Gnolls, it would be earth magic, surely. They were a tribal people.
“Earth magic then, let us know when you find one.”
It took Mrsha nearly sixteen minutes, in which time Elirr and Krshia got some hot tea and just sipped it, watching her. With Elirr and Krshia’s parameters, Mrsha moved swiftly from page after page until she came to one and triumphantly slapped her paw on it.
“This spell? Is it good?”
Mrsha frowned as she read the first line, very, very slowly. She looked up and gave Krshia a nod and shrug that said ‘yes, probably’. She didn’t know what it did and kept scratching her head, but her posture said quite clearly that this was a powerful spell of some kind.
“In that case, learn it. Or at least enough to tell us what it does.”
Krshia gently urged the little Gnoll. Mrsha nodded and, tail wagging, bent over the book. Krshia and Elirr watched her pour over the first letter of the book for five minutes and then realized it might take her a while. So they got up, snagged the crackers and silkap and went into the kitchen to talk quietly. They didn’t bother to keep their voices low; Mrsha was engrossed in the book and besides, it was now clear that she could hear them wherever she was, no matter how they whispered.
“Elirr. We have not had a chance to speak privately since you returned from the dungeon.”
The Gnoll smiled wearily. He leaned on the counter as Krshia offered him some dried sausage and cheese. He waved it away. He was older than Krshia, though she was a higher level than he. But he didn’t seem to hold that difference in age or levels against her, and Krshia respected him. He, like she would have been called Honored Krshia or Honored Elirr by the younger Gnolls, a sign of their rank in the community.
“We did not. And in truth, I have been avoiding joining others for dinner or the requests I have had to socialize, Krshia. I appreciate it, but I do not wish to recall what happened so strongly.”
Krshia laid a gentle paw on Elirr’s shoulder.
“We would not ask you to.”
“No, but you would ask questions with your eyes, even if your mouths were silent. It is not something I hold against you. I would be curious too. But what I have told you is all I can—the others and I try to forget. As does Mrsha, I think.”
“You still have bad dreams each night?”
Elirr nodded. He had bags under his eyes, though his fur hid it to all but other Gnolls.
“Nightmares. Jumping at shadows. What else could one expect? I have used the sleeping potions you obtained from that [Alchemist] you have deals with and they help. But daytime is sometimes little better than night. I…I do not know how Mrsha smiles so easily after what she saw. After what that bitch, Nokha, promised to do.”
He growled softly and Krshia hushed him before they disturbed Mrsha. Elirr was upset, because he’d used an insult Gnolls regarded as highly offensive. Comparing any Gnoll to a dog was far worse than using it on a Drake or Human. Saying something like that to a Dog-tribe Beastkin was even more inadvisable.
“It is done. The Raskghar are broken.”
