Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 25
The [Innkeeper] drew back. Nalthaliarstrelous—whom she was quickly abbreviating to Nalth in her head, was completely unrepentant.
“Look, Nalth, buddy. No one likes mistreatment of animals. If I saw a dude kicking a dog, I’d kick him! Or her! But you broke his skull.”
“And?”
Mrsha peeked up at Nalthaliarstrelous’s blank face. He seemed to sense Erin’s complete lack of understanding and explained.
“He spurred his horse until it bled. Until it screamed for mercy. No one stopped him but me.”
The guests in the inn rumbled. That was poor treatment of any animal. Even so—Erin looked at him.
“You were close to killing him.”
“And if I did—would the world be any poorer?”
The [Druid] leaned on his staff. It was the [Princess]’ turn. She smiled at Nalthaliarstrelous.
“But sir. The Watch would have fined the man. Or arrested them. You did not need to resort to violence. There are laws—”
She broke off. Nalthaliarstrelous was blowing his nose on the sleeve of his robe. He looked at her with clear disdain. He sneered at her.
“Law? Laws say many things. ‘Do not hurt that man’. Make him pay money for torturing his wards. He will not learn. When I break his legs for spurring a horse when it screamed and bled—he will remember.”
“But you could stop him without hurting him! Or at least—not that much!”
Erin protested. The [Druid] looked around the inn. He spotted Teriarch, half-bowed in acknowledgement. Eyes swung to Teriarch as he chewed on some popcorn. Much better than the mansion.
Nalthaliarstrelous replied to Erin curtly.
“Let me ask you something, Innkeeper. When you see a man yanking on a dog’s leash, mistreating it, would you say something? Stop him?”
“Yes.”
Erin didn’t blink. The [Druid] eyed her. He seemed approving of that. Shassa and Mrsha both nodded. But he went on.
“Good. But would you take the dog from that man? If he mistreats it once, he will again. Will you, on the spot, take the dog so it will suffer not a second longer? What if he is an important man? The [Mayor] of the city?”
Erin hesitated.
“Well…it depends.”
The [Druid] nodded, almost understandably.
“Yes. It does to you. You have laws. The dog is that man’s property. You cannot take his property. So for laws, for words, you allow the dog to suffer. And that is the difference between you and me. I do not wait.”
Mrsha and Shassa stared at Nalthaliarstrelous in silence. They felt his rage—the willingness to kill the man a second time if he did not change. The Drake leaned over and whispered to Mrsha.
“…That’s his perspective. We’re not all alike.”
A thoughtful silence ensued. Nalthaliarstrelous wasn’t entirely losing his audience. Although the perspicacious among them could still note blood on the tip of his staff. Even so—he was a character. More people began to order popcorn, or snacks to go along with their drinks.
“I get that. I even respect that. Sort of. Don’t look at me like that, Lyonette. But you’re like—that went too far.”
Erin argued with the Human [Druid], but her temper had subsided somewhat. Shassa waved an urgent claw.
“Again, we’re not all like him. I don’t break the law! Excuse me, I’m so sorry about this. Again! But I was just coming through to Invrisil. To meet with Druid Nalthaliarstrelous, actually! I’m from Oteslia!”
Ferris’ head snapped up. Teriarch, Grimalkin—the inn turned to Shassa. Erin blinked.
“You are? Wow, that’s far!”
“Yes—but we have an urgent appeal for Nalthaliarstrelous. If—if we could just talk, I will remove myself forthwith.”
“I mean…”
