Interlude – Krshia
Page 33
“Gnolls aren’t as troublesome as Drakes or Humans, Beilmark. Your people don’t stab each over family heirlooms and you police yourselves. With that said, I’ve heard tales of other cities and Watch Captains who clash every day with Gnolls in territorial disputes, racial crimes, and Gnoll politics. But that’s not been the case in Liscor.”
“Yes, Watch Captain.”
Beilmark looked straight ahead. Zevara nodded and went on.
“However, every time I think I know your people, they always surprise me. Every time I think I know magic, it surprises me. When I see that light, I can understand how Gnolls broke our Walled Cities so long ago.”
“Yes, Watch Captain?”
The Gnoll stared past Zevara, smiling slightly. Zevara smiled too. She turned around and looked at her city. And she knew that there wouldn’t be any mass exodus today. Maybe not tomorrow either. She looked at Beilmark, smiled and nodded.
“It was a nice spell. Do it again without telling me first and I’ll throw you off this wall. Dismissed.”
 
—-
 
Outside The Wandering Inn, the adventurers stared up at the sky as well. Jelaqua sighed as it went out and looked around.
“I guess we can stay for a few more days. I mean, we can always run south instead and there’s Mrsha and Erin and Lyonette to worry about. Plus, the door’s back.”
“I think…yes, I could wait. One more day at least. Until Yvlon decides where she’ll go.”
Ylawes spoke quietly. Halrac stared up at the place the light had been. He turned.
“Well, if you’re staying I’ll wait. It’s late anyways.”
The adventurers turned and looked back at the warm inn behind them. For a second they stared into the open door and remembered all that had happened there, for good or ill. Then they heard a voice from above.
“You call that magic?”
Pisces stood on the destroyed third floor of the inn and bellowed at Liscor, looking outraged. He waved his arms furiously.
“It’s just a crude emotional spell! It even relies on a visual component to work! You call that real magic? You might as well eat a hot meal and take a warm bath for the same effect! This is why shamanic magic is—”
He yelped and flailed wildly as someone kicked him, nearly sending him toppling from the roof. Ceria appeared behind him, smiling.
“Shut up, Pisces.”
 
—-
 
Elirr, Krshia, and Mrsha sat in his shop as he began leading his animals downstairs. Mrsha helped fill bowls with food as Krshia wearily spoke. The [Shopkeeper]’s arms ached and she felt worn from holding that much collective magic for so long. If she’d been a true [Shaman], this would have been so much easier. But it was done. She looked at Mrsha and spoke quietly.
“The next few days will be serious. I think we must all do our part to fortify Liscor and make preparations in case…well, in case all comes to the worst. I will bring you with me when we bury the book, so you know where it will go. And if, no when this is resolved, you will come back every week at least and read from it, yes? If you wish.”
Mrsha looked up and nodded. She chewed on some of the cat’s food, which earned her a dirty look from a tabby. Krshia smiled. Time for Mrsha to go back to Lyonette for dinner.
“And perhaps I will teach you what I remember of how [Shamans] do magic too. Maybe practice it once more myself. It would never be useful for me, but it would be nice to shock that annoying goat, Lism, in the tail, yes?”
The little Gnoll grinned. Elirr nodded. He leaned over and chuckled as he filled up the huge mastiff’s bowl.
“Even dogs may learn, so Gnolls too must change, yes?”
