Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 3
“What’s going on?”
Salamani started laughing. After a moment, so did Fierre. Ryoka was bemused, until Fierre made it so obvious.
“You woke the Archmage of Izril. You did, Ryoka. That’s why!”
“It was a group effort. We barely survived! It wasn’t…”
Ryoka trailed off. ‘It wasn’t anything big?’ No…perhaps…
She looked around. The people were cheering her. Asking for autographs. Asking her what the Archmage was like, how she’d done it.
Perhaps it was something. Ryoka had run greater deliveries. She would never forget running away from the Goblin Lord’s army. Meeting the Necromancer face-to-face. Taking her delivery from a Dragon. Her run to the Bloodfields, full of anger and self-loathing.
But no one knew about those runs. This was the first time Ryoka had done something that people talked about. She looked about, and blushed in the face of the genuine adoration. Fierre started laughing at her.
 
—-
 
It took a while for Ryoka to get out of the crowds. She was tempted to run off, but Salamani and Fierre caught her before she could make a break for the gates.
At least Mad Madain treated her like normal. And Alber. Ryoka found herself waving to the guards by the gates. Her red cheeks still hadn’t vanished.
“Well, Wind Runner of Reizmelt—where are we off to?”
Fierre teased Ryoka. The City Runner looked at her friend.
“Got your lunch, Fierre? I don’t want to tell Himilt you lost it.”
The Vampire shoved Ryoka. Salamani watched, with urbane amusement. Ryoka stumbled, and then sighed.
“Liscor has herd animals. And Hedault owes me a favor. I think…I need to pay Invrisil another visit. To talk to Lady Ieka as well. I think she said she was still there and hopefully she hasn’t left because of the typhoon.”
“Sounds good.”
Fierre stretched, copying Ryoka. The Wind Runner eyed her.
“You’re coming too?”
The Vampire thought about this.
“Suuuuuuure. I can…yeah, why not? I’ve already been out of work. And this is—for the artifacts—yes.”
Ryoka grinned. That would make her run interesting. And if they got to Invrisil—Fierre might be able to meet Mrsha and Erin! How—strange. And exciting.
Salamani interrupted Ryoka’s musings.
“I’m going too.”
The two younger women looked at him. Ryoka raised one hand.
“Salamani, you don’t have to keep following us around. If you want to pay off your debt, I’m fine with saying there is one. But—”
The Mage Runner pointed a finger at her.
“At this point, I need you to have one day when no one’s sick or dying before I’ll feel better about leaving you two alone. And at least two days where someone isn’t beating Ryoka into mash. Besides, we’re all prime targets for [Thieves] until we get the loot stowed away.”
He was right about all that. Ryoka nodded with a smile. Fierre frowned.
“Who’s beating up Ryoka? Besides me?”
Ryoka and Salamani glanced at each other. It felt like ages ago. But it had happened. Ryoka coughed.
“Er…it was Mihaela Godfrey. She stopped by to punch me and left.”
It didn’t sound real, even to her. Fierre opened her mouth and chuckled.
“Wh—hah. That’s a…are you being…?”
“To Invrisil we go, then!”
Ryoka took off. Fierre caught up after a second, Salamani in two strides. He sighed.
“It’s a long ways to Invrisil. I don’t suppose we could get that carriage again…?”
The other two laughed.
“Doubt it. It’s not that cheap, Salamani.”
“Alas.”
“Sure you don’t want to split up? We’re going to slow you down. I’m not that fast compared to a Courier.”
Ryoka turned to Salamani. He winked at her.
“Not by much. And not if I do this.”
He produced his wand and flicked it as he touched it to Ryoka’s arm, lightly.
“[Haste].”
