Interlude – Of Vampires and Fraerlings
Page 27
Then they coughed. Then people collapsed, crying out, clutching at legs, hacking so hard, unable to draw breath, literally crawling around if they didn’t just pass out.
Niers Astoragon stood there as Bird dropped like a stone, on top of the little Antinium’s head. He looked past Bird, at an army of people on the ground. He laughed.
That was how you trained [Soldiers]. With a few Skills, yes. But none to give them endurance. Only to magnify the speed they had created by pumping their legs and arms. Inspire them, with words, not a damn [Motivational Speech], to do what they thought was impossible.
He still had it.
 
——
 
The unknown commander’s run had done a lot in a little time. Barely any time in the grand scheme of a day, to be honest. But the distance covered?
The Zephyr Salamanders missed returning for the end of their training day. They were now days out from their city. And levels higher.
In Fissival, one of the top [Strategists] was summoned from her rest by an anxious tactician.
“Strategist—3rd Army. Brigadoon Mages.”
“The ones sent to reinforce Wall Lord Dragial? What about them? Don’t tell me they ran into a Gnoll tribe or a city attacked them?”
The [Sorcerous Strategist] sat up, worried. The [Tactician] meekly consulted his notes.
“No. Not that. Th-they…they just broke their land-speed record. For all of Fissival’s armies, actually. They’re three days ahead of schedule.”
“…Huh?”
The [Sorcerous Strategist] reached for a cup of tea. Then, since it was clearly defective, splashed her face with the scalding tea instead.
 
——
 
[Training Captain Level 22!]
[Skill – Exceed Yourself, Suffer Later obtained!]
[Skill – Madman’s Sprint obtained!]
[Ski—
 
The voice interrupted him, which was a shame because he’d been Level 19 until just this moment. The Drake groaned, and felt his lungs tear and coughed at the iron.
A hand slapped him, kindly, to wake him up. Then three more helpfully slapped for good measure.
There was a chuckle and the light battering stopped.
“Son. Wake up.”
The Drake opened his eyes, tried to stand. Someone was standing over him.
“Sir?”
The Drake looked down at him. It was impossible for the [Training Captain] to place, but his voice was calm, even grandfatherly. Authoritative.
“You’ll have to get your [Soldiers] in order. Listen. They’ve torn muscles in their legs and lungs. You need to get up, and administer some healing potions. Pay attention. What’s your healing potion rating?”
“U-um. Halflimb damage?”
The [Captain]’s mind was discombobulated, but he gave the answer instinctively. The Drake nodded.
“Good. Then…three drops in the mouth. Two per leg. Only that many, got it? Takes the damage off, but leaves the rest to heal and toughen up. Remember that. Repeat it.”
“Three in the mouth. Two…”
A coughing fit in his own lungs made the [Captain] reach for his potion. The unknown [General] nodded.
“That’ll do. Take care of your lads, and remember—that’s how you do it. Tell your [Soldiers] that whenever they want to level, remember this day.”
The [Captain] searched for something to say. But before he could rise, ask the questions, or even say something like ‘thank you’?
They were gone. And Fissival’s entire army was sufficiently grounded—the ones who’d joined the mad run sufficiently burned out, and separated from the rest of their forces—to be disorganized for days, although they had made up considerable ground to their target, if they had gone too far south without enough west to reach the Great Plains.
