Interlude – The Competition
Page 4
Dorim hesitated. He was not on top of things, but his expression cleared after a second.
“The ladies? Yes, I believe they left with your—associates?”
He referred to the friends, hangers-on, and crowd that normally found their way in each time Calidus did this. The [Lord] nodded.
“Good, good. How many were there?”
“F—five?”
The [Lord] of House Reinhart smiled and sat back in his chair.
“Excellent.”
Dorim tried to hide his expression, but Calidus happily ignored him. After all, [He Felt No Shame]. One of the perks of having his class.
[Hedonist]. Some said it was a bad class, and it was true…Calidus had virtually no Skills he would have termed good for the betterment of anyone, even himself. But they did make him feel good, and they protected him from the worst of his antics.
Including headaches, which Dorim was clearly suffering from. Calidus glanced over some [Messages] and realized the shots were wearing off. At least, the initial discombobulation.
Because that damned brain of his was working again. He tried to hurry along this part of the day, which was checking on things.
Everything. Politics, the news, his holdings—he had to do it. He queried Dorim as he watched a recap on that scrying orb with the news. Something about a garden…aha.
“Tyrion Veltras is back?”
“Er—yes, Lord Calidus! First Landing. Did you wish to ride out and visit…?”
Calidus was not at First Landing, but a private Reinhart holding. He could, with an enchanted carriage, get there. The question was…was there anything fun there? Calidus tapped his lips.
“—Do I have a ticket to the Players of Celum?”
His head of staff fumbled around—Calidus had given him access to the organizational system the last [Manager] had used. It had lists of servants, every item he had to pay attention to laid out in detail such that any idiot could see what he needed to do, like check the aviary for certain messages—Calidus knew it was a good system because he’d designed it himself so he could rotate managers in and out. Even so, Dorim was slow, especially since he was an [Innkeeper]. Why had Calidus hired him?
Oh yes, the <Quests>. So fascinating, but exploiting the mechanics of how they worked had seemed like a lot of work. Calidus had wondered if you could create an infinite-loop of quests that rewarded more than you put in. Maybe he’d try that later today. Unless…
“No, Lord Calidus. No ticket.”
“Damn. Then, has Miss Jasi responded to my letter?”
“N-no, Lord Calidus.”
“Lady Wuvren? Miss Esbell? Er…damn. Who else? Any letters like that?”
“No, milord.”
Calidus nodded gravely.
“Any day now.”
The former-[Innkeeper] nodded back, as if hypnotized. Calidus was sure, positive, that he would get lucky one day. A [Lord] was a [Lord], and he could guarantee a grand time.
He wasn’t looking for a relationship unless it was very fun, and nothing like a wedding. No arranged marriages for him, no thank you. A marriage into House Reinhart was so…Terandrian to begin with. Let someone else make a poor girl or boy’s life a misery. He just wanted—
“I’d think about visiting the city. House Veltras must be leaving the city aflame. How fast did Tyrion Veltras leave? Anything else happen?”
Dorim hesitated.
“Lord Veltras hasn’t left the city yet, Lord Calidus.”
The [Lord] was overturning bottles on the full banquet table, looking for a drop of wine or something else. He paused, genuinely surprised for once.
“No? What, did all his horses throw a shoe? What’s keeping him?”
