Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 17
Erin made a punching gesture and Shirka coughed into her claws. It looked like she was covering a smile. Saliss hesitated. Erin meant it. But he waved a claw.
“Nah. They’ll just send the old man. And if you punch him, he’ll probably die.”
“I could challenge him to a chess game. He’d lose.”
Saliss laughed. Genuinely laughed at that. He stood up, shaking his head.
“No, he wouldn’t give up. Fine. Let’s go, General. Let me just…thingy…”
He was sighing and checking his belt. Erin saw Shirka step back. The [Innkeeper] followed her. It was a hunch that made her ask the next question.
“Where did you come from, General Shirka?”
“I rose up from one of the allied cities to Pallass, ma’am. I was offered a position in the City of Inventions a year after receiving my [General] class and took it.”
The Drake was so polite. Unlike Grimalkin or the [Senators]—and rather like Chaldion—she had entered Erin’s inn to ask if she could speak to Saliss once, to do her job. It was hard to refuse that.
“One of the allied cities?”
“Allied with Pallass, ma’am.”
Shirka watched as Saliss, muttering, brushed dirt off his tail. Erin studied her face.
“Do you…know Saliss? From before coming to Pallass, I mean?”
The Drake gave her a sidelong look. She didn’t need to answer this time. And her voice wasn’t as crisp as she replied.
“I…did know Adventurer Saliss in his earlier years. As a girl, in fact.”
Erin looked at Saliss. The Drake threw up his claws.
“I’m older than I look. Stop judging me! And I was young. A proper, decent adventurer.”
“Oh, I get it.”
Erin softly remarked. She watched as Shirka escorted Saliss to the door. He didn’t protest—much.
“What is Saliss supposed to do?”
“Confidential, Miss Solstice. A job for the Walled Cities is all I can divulge. Thank you for your cooperation.”
“Is it that bad?”
Erin stopped by the door to Pallass with Saliss. He was still clearly the worse for wear, but he was going. He shrugged.
“It’s not going to be fun.”
“But—no, never mind. I guess it’s hard, huh? At least—maybe you’ll be able to beat an Armored Crawler this time. Faster, right, General Shirka?”
That was all Erin could think to say. It wasn’t the most—tactful—of things to say. But if Saliss was afraid or reluctant…
“Armored Crawler, Miss Solstice?”
The [General] turned her head and gave Erin a blank look. She saw one of Saliss’ closed eyes open. Erin looked at him.
“Not an Armored Crawler?”
“It must have been a different monster.”
Shirka looked sharply at Saliss. Then she nodded once and thrust open the door.
“Excuse us, Miss Solstice. Two to Pallass! Open the checkpoint for Adventurer Saliss!”
They disappeared. Erin stared at Saliss’ tail. It could have just been a mistake. But…every other detail appeared to be correct. She wondered why that was off. And then she got nervous. But that was all.
 
—-
 
Saliss of Lights was not Erin Solstice. As he stumbled through Pallass, ignoring the dirty looks and playing up his miserable state, he harassed Shirka. But mildly. It didn’t seem to be working and besides…
“You don’t know how I adventure. I used to be like those silly adventurers. I went to other continents. On Chandrar—I was a proper, crazy adventurer. These days, I’m here.”
“Yes sir. It’s not for me to say, sir.”
He scowled at General Shirka. The sunlight was hurting Saliss’ eyes.
“If I were doing actual adventuring, they wouldn’t send you. I’m not going to find any of you, there.”
She twitched at that.
“Not for this mission, sir. But you did find me.”
