Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 24
Vess ignored that. He glared at 53.
“You bastards did this. If not for you, we’d all be at home.”
Click, click. The Soldier did it twice, snapping its mandibles together. And then he shook his head, deliberately, side to side. Vess…hesitated.
“What?”
53 just stared up at him. But the double-click sounded…deliberate. And he’d just…Vess hesitated, glanced over his shoulder. No one was listening.
“This is Liscor’s fault. You attacked first.”
53 shook his head back and forth repeatedly. Vess kept blinking at him.
“Is that…no? Did Hectval start it?”
Click. And he nodded his head once.
The Drake’s eyes widened. He looked towards Velden—then hesitated. The [Sergeant] and Big Yam weren’t very willing to investigate the Antinium. So he lowered his voice and went on.
“Wait. Liscor started it…maybe Hectval argued, but Liscor marched their army into Hectval’s lands first. Right?”
A shake of the head, impatient. The mandibles clicked twice. Was that code for ‘no’?
“Hectval started it.”
Click. Nod.
“Are you actually saying yes? Does one click mean yes?”
Click. Nod again.
“Uh…uh…your name is 53?”
Click.
“The sky is green.”
The Soldier turned his head up, stared at the orange glow among the High Passes and setting sun, and clicked twice. He seemed to enjoy that, more than shaking or nodding his head. Perhaps it was easier, trussed up as he was.
He also had a different kind of neck, so perhaps nodding or shaking his head was harder. Either way, Vess began…well, arguing with it. Interrogating it. Playing a game.
“Hectval did something?”
Click.
“But I heard…is that why the Antinium fought? Or is it because of something else?”
A long stare. Which question am I answering, stupid?
“Is what Hectval did the reason the Antinium fought?”
Click.
“What’d they do?”
Stare. 53 buried his face in his tin of food. Vess grew angry.
“What am I saying? You’re not people. You probably just fought because your Queen made you. You don’t know—”
Click-click. The muffled sound within the tin made Vess stop. Still munching on the gelatin, Crusader 53 looked up.
“No way.”
Vess breathed, and someone else murmured.
“Indeed. This is the most valuable find so far. And here I thought this wretched war wouldn’t have me send anything back to the Emir. A dead [Innkeeper], children guarded…but this is fascinating.”
Vess jumped, whirled, and saw a Drake standing there, with a bevy of Stitch-folk with collars around their necks and cloth armor staring at 53. The Antinium Soldier went still, gazed at Cubol the [Slaver], and then went back to eating. Big Yam got to their feet.
 
——
 
“I would like to buy that Soldier. I will pay you now for it.”
His name was Cubol. He was from Roshal. He sold [Slaves].
Vess had never met a [Slaver]. He’d heard some people owned [Slaves], but it was a super-wealthy thing. He wasn’t really comfortable with the idea.
However, he’d seen Cubol in camp and heard they were supposed to take prisoners for that—until High Command changed their minds.
It had caused a huge fuss, actually. A lot of [Soldiers] had been for it—and some vocally against. Cubol had left—or so Vess had thought.
This was his first time meeting the Drake, and Cubol was rich. He had a ring on every claw-finger, silk garments, and an odd tattoo of scales on his right claw. When he smiled, it seldom reached his eyes.
When the smile did touch his eyes, it was because they were filled with true, avid interest. Like someone staring at a valuable object.
That was the smile he had for 53. However, he wanted the Soldier now.
