Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 28
“Sir. The Gnoll we were meant to arrest is dead. His throat was slit. The Dullahan woman has…disappeared.”
Slowly, the Grand Strategist and Venim turned. They looked at Palt. The Centaur went pale.
“Mage Palt. Explain this.”
“I—I had no idea.”
But Palt did. The Elusive Lot did not play games. They were pranksters. Tricksters. But when they stopped laughing, they were scary. Chaldion slowly looked around.
“Change of orders. Venim, find those people. Take them into protective custody. Mage Palt?”
“Yes, Grand Strategist?”
The Centaur was weak-kneed. The Grand Strategist looked at him.
“Your faction has now interfered in Pallass. I will speak to them. Now. As for my goodwill…you are not arrested. Yet. Your master will speak to me immediately.”
“Yes, sir.”
Palt was sweating as he raised a finger to his temple. Damn them. Then he had a thought.
“Oh no. That means—it’s happening everywhere.”
Chaldion’s good eye opened. He bellowed after Venim.
“Send a [Message] spell to the cities!”
It was also a lesson about Wistram that both Chaldion and Palt knew. They fought amongst themselves. They could be petty, fractured, terribly inefficient. But they were also Wistram Academy. They had more money than The Golden Triangle could have dreamed of, and the reach…
 
—-
 
People were dying. But only a few in each city. The gangs were aware. And they had been part of The Golden Triangle, or aware of it. The Elusive Lot had ties everywhere, and if they worried about their actions—well, it curried favor among the underworld.
No one liked being taken for a ride. And who would know the Elusive Lot was behind it? Only Palt, Chaldion, people who had ties with gangs. For the rest of the world—news of The Golden Triangle was spreading. Slowly. Too slowly.
The scheme had already run through Liscor. Not as badly as other cities, perhaps. But enough money had been taken. Relc’s coin pouch was empty. His little stash of coins—all but depleted. And it only covered a fraction of what had been spent.
He saw it now. The Drake walked down a street, body aching. People had shouted at him—or not believed. He’d handed out coins, sometimes to bemusement, and seen that they were just going to invest it into the Triangle. They thought he was mad.
That was the worst part. Seeing what Erin had surely seen in him. The Drake hurt.
Perhaps that was why he walked into the ambush. He should have seen it coming. He did, actually. The empty street, the warning of his [Dangersense]—it gave him precious seconds of warning.
Still—it was too late. Eighteen figures moved out on either side of the street. And one of them was huge.
Bearclaw grinned at Relc. She didn’t need to say a word. The Drake chilled as he saw the figures. He didn’t need to ask. He swung his spear up.
“Damn.”
Not now. He was off-duty. He wasn’t wearing his armor. Klbkch wasn’t here. The Drake’s body came alive as he looked around. Nine in front, nine in back. [Thugs], [Rogues]—each one armed. Swords, daggers, mainly. Few bigger weapons like spears. A club—
Bearclaw had her steel claws. She grinned at him.
“You mocked me. Hello, Senior Guardsman Relc. You’re in a lot of trouble.”
“I’m always in trouble. Back off. It’s been a really bad day, alright?”
The Drake snarled. He looked around, putting his back to a wall. He reached with one claw for his belt. His whistle—
He didn’t have it. He only put it on when he was on-duty. Relc bellowed.
“Guardsman in trouble! Call the Watch!”
The others chuckled. Relc was pretty sure he was out of earshot. Or if a Gnoll could hear him—they might have been silenced by fear.
