Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 2
“Do I need to not drink?”
“As you choose, Captain Ceria. Magus Bezale?”
“Wine. Whatever you have.”
It was quite strange. The three watching [Strategists] realized Venaz wasn’t about to render instantaneous judgment. And he confirmed that the moment he turned around.
“I am not about to cut his head off. This will take time. Hours, days…he has to tell his record of events. You three might as well come in, but don’t interrupt unduly.”
Embarrassed, the other students slunk into the bar. Calruz blinked at them as Venaz introduced them.
“My companions. I apologize if their presence is distracting, Calruz.”
“No. I…am I to be judged as if I was home, Venaz of the Mneiol? I did not expect that. Surely the facts are clear.”
At that, Venaz folded his arms.
“What other judgment would suffice? You have been granted exceptions to your execution under Drake law by the Watch Captain of Liscor. Did you think your arbiter would come with any preconceived notions to pass judgment in an hour?”
Calruz flushed.
“I—must have been long from home, Strategist Venaz. I will confess, my mind is made up. I also do not expect mercy, nor have I ever been judged by the Mneiol for crimes. My impression was—different.”
He glanced sideways at Bezale, and she turned beet red as she recalled their interaction. Venaz looked at her and nodded.
“I will take your position into account. So you know—the Mneiol judge much like you were judged when you were named Beriad. Your Right to Dissent is not an option; the rest is much the same.”
Bezale and Calruz started.
“Like that?”
“Similar enough. So—I will require your testimony. If you have prior engagements or duties to your commander, inform me, and we will make allowances. Otherwise…”
Otherwise he would render judgment as soon as he believed he knew all there was to learn, and as soon as that was done, he would execute whatever he had decided.
The half-Elf knew it—that was why she was here. She watched Venaz out of the corner of her eye as she flipped a shot up, and Peki crunched a beetle down and then spat it into Merrik’s face.
Yet Venaz seemed more relaxed than Calruz. In fact, he was mulling over the short list of snacks.
“A…plate of Belgrade Ambush-Fries for the table. How many does that serve? Make that two. What differentiates this from regular fries?”
The server gave him a crooked grin.
“Lots of ketchup and relish plus some beans scattered around for good measure. What an enemy squad normally looks like when they run into Belgrade’s division. Blood and scales everywhere. See?”
“What’s the beans, then?”
Wil was very curious to meet an Antinium commander—much less see a Drake army in action, even one as unorthodox as Liscor’s army. No, especially one like Liscor’s army, and learn all he could and report back to the academy.
The Drake server replied happily.
“That’s all the crap from their pants. Two?”
“We can remove ourselves. I have a tent, Strategist Venaz—”
“Be at ease, Calruz. Is it Captain Calruz or Adventurer Calruz? How is this campaign against Hectval going?”
The question threw Calruz a moment.
“It—is mostly static and skirmishes, as Hectval’s alliance has withdrawn around their cities.”
“Indeed. I would dearly love to meet some of Liscor’s army. Even see them train if there’s time? This is personal—I intend to report my experience back to my professor, Niers Astoragon. Assuming the Antinium allow it, viewing their command would be highly informative.”
“I could arrange that. But…”
