Interlude – Meetings and Friendships
Page 3
“I don’t think so, Wilovan. But if we fail our charge at night…”
“Guard duty?”
“What are we, [Bodyguards]? Good sleep is essential, Wilovan. I won’t be staking out this inn every night until we’re done. Even in shifts!”
“Ratici…”
An exclamation made Wilovan raise a furry finger. Octavia had just brought up the [Boon] Skill that Lyonette had used. The Gnoll’s ears twitched and Ratici went to eating a hard-boiled egg.
The conversation, to any interested Gnolls or those good of hearing, went like this.
“—two of them! Free! I have to use them! Maybe, maybe I get them if I level up, but both of them helped me with my breakthrough. I’m begging you, Lyonette. Use your [Boon] Skill on m—”
Lyonette kicked Octavia. The [Alchemist] collapsed onto the table, grabbing at her shin.
“I told you, keep it quiet. Let’s continue this in the garden, if we have to.”
The [Princess] was wary. She was about the only one. Well, all that told most idle listeners was that Lyonette had a [Boon] Skill. But those in the know…well, Wilovan was a member of the Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings. Untoward actions did not befit him.
But it was something to note. The [Thug] relayed the knowledge to Ratici, whose brows shot up.
“A [Boon] Skill? I can count the number of classes that get Skills like that on one claw, Wilovan. Or is it two?”
“Something to look into, Ratici. Something to look into. Now, we may be fattened layabouts, but I’m rather interested in that weights room. And the darts board…”
The two Gentlemen Callers reflected that at least The Wandering Inn had amenities to occupy them day by day. They were rather taken with the new games Erin was introducing. They had already earned a reputation as two of the best dart-board champions.
Gnolls had good ears. And as the breakfast crowd cleared up, you could hear a lot of important stuff if you were listening. Some people were intelligent and always took precautions, like Palt giving Montressa and Bezale the plans for the skateboard as part of his sharing agreement. His conversation and even the objects he was holding were blurry if you tried to focus in on them.
However, there were snippets, like Octavia’s broken-off conversation with Lyonette that a spy could pick up on. If there were any in The Wandering Inn, of course.
Well, one of them was miserable. Ferris, one of Manus’ top agents, sat at his table and wondered if going back empty-pawed would be worth Rafaema incinerating him.
He was a Gnoll. Also, an expert in covert operations, infiltration, combat, and any number of activities that the City of War needed done. Ferris had come to The Wandering Inn under the guise of a member of Izril’s Wonders, a travelling company that actually did exist. He actually had a charter with them.
None of it had prepared him for this assignment. Or rather, Erin Solstice.
“Miss Solstice! Ferris here. Er—Ferris Seftpaw? You wouldn’t happen to have given the offer some thought, would you?”
The Gnoll intercepted Erin on the way to the [Garden]. The [Innkeeper] blinked at him and his nervous-but-amiable expression. It was a perfect guise that had fooled countless people into believing the inept but well-intentioned Gnoll was just ‘doing his best’. She hesitated, guileless, and then slapped her forehead.
“Oh no. Oh man. Ferris! I completely forgot!”
Ferris could detect truth in three different ways. He had a Skill, an artifact that helped him read people, and he had been trained in the detection of lies across multiple species. His heart sank because none of that helped with Erin Solstice.
Because she was telling the truth.
