Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 21
The story was being pieced together by the audience to the legend of the Goblin Slayer. The [Mage] cleared his throat awkwardly.
“Right. Well…no ransoms there. How about…your people? Your city? Your sworn [Lord]?”
Rabbiteater had pledged to help Rags. But his Chieftain? He thought of that glorious Goblin and closed his eyes.
“All dead. Everyone I had is dead. Murdered.”
“Lancearrows bugger me, this is depressing.”
Someone murmured in the background. The [Mage] himself looked distressed. But he noticed the telltale mix of colors in the truth spell.
“But there are some alive, aren’t there?”
Rags, Badarrow, Snapjaw, Calescent…
Erin?
It was true. Rabbiteater was silent. The [Mage] tapped a finger on the table.
“One of them would pay for you, wouldn’t they?”
The Hobgoblin doubted Rags was accepting [Message] spells. He thought of Erin and shook his head slowly.
“I left them. I will die here. Do not—deserve—to bother them.”
His truth shone from the spell. The [Lieutenant] looked at the [Knight] and turned.
“I need a moment.”
The [Mage] shook his head. He’d seen ‘loner knights’ before and such, but this was a new one, even on him. He looked around.
“Hey—you. Toss me that flask, right? Ale? Someone pour this bugger a drink. Then…let’s figure out who’s out there. If any.”
A flask and dirty cup was produced. Rabbiteater found a drink in his hands—and a straw. But the questioning continued, to find a name. The [Mage] wanted to know who remained. Purely out of professional curiosity this time. And in time…he sent a [Message] to Liscor.
 
—-
 
The Wandering Inn was a flurry of activity. Many people were just discussing the grandiose gesture. The Earl and Erin were still walking the Floodplains.
Even so—opinions were divided.
“Showoff. Who likes grand gestures like that? It’s not how I’d want to be courted.”
Menolit looked annoyed. One of the female Gnolls snorted.
“And you’re an expert? Oh—also, you’ve had so much success yourself.”
The [Veteran] looked incredibly hurt.
“I’m just saying…and I have had success! But who likes that kind of fancy thing?”
“Some people do. It seemed to work on Miss Erin now, didn’t it?”
“Certainly makes it harder for the competition.”
Every head turned towards a flustered Drake looking around in his bag of holding, for something…anything. Olesm sensed the eyes and looked up. Menolit and the gossip circle turned their heads.
“He’s not got a chance. No prep, nothing. Missed his chance. Disgraceful for a [Strategist], really. But I have seven silver on my guy.”
“…Which guy?”
Menolit gestured. And Numbtongue was there. Intently listening to his advisor.
“You have to give her something pretty.”
“Mm. This?”
“That’s good. What about two?”
The Hobgoblin eyed the cut emerald. That was a good point. He was glad Visma was advising him on this kind of thing. He fumbled around in his mining sack and produced a sapphire.
“This?”
“Do you have anything shinier?”
In the Antinium corner, Lyonette was shaking her head playing her ‘advisor’ role mainly by trying to talk Garry out of baking another cake.
“Just…just tell Erin you like her, Garry.”
“Should I not make a grand gesture? Romeo says many kind words.”
“That’s a play. And that might work. But not on Erin.”
Lyonette was wavering. Half of her wanted to say that Garry didn’t understand courtship and that the issue wasn’t the same and that Erin wouldn’t abandon him. The other half? Well—she and Pawn? So why not?
