Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 0

They called him the Titan of Baleros and not because of his tread. In truth, the man was as impressive, or at least, as short as a mouse. But say that to his face and you’d probably be dead. Say it to his [Soldiers] and they’d kick in your face. Say it to Fraerlings and you’d make an enemy of the whole damn race.
Say it to his students and you’d soon have medical needs. For Niers Astoragon’s tiny boots were those of the greatest [Strategist] in the world. Of that, his students were all agreed. And this is the tale of the question they asked. Two students, a Lizardgirl and a Human who won the right at Daquin, nearly a month past.
 
—-
 
“And the results are in! You all had a week to outfit and supply one of my smaller divisions with food, equipment, potions, and whatever intelligence and directions you saw fit! The goal was to march them nearly two hundred miles through swamp terrain upon which they’d make camp for three days before joining an attack on a nearby city! And the results are…”
Niers Astoragon stood on his podium and his class tensed. [Tacticians], [Strategists], even [Commanders] and other classes who used strategy as a tool, were all gathered in his class. It was one of his joint classes and as such, competition was high.
Nerves were even higher. The Titan of Baleros waited, flipping through his page of notes as Perorn Sadiluc, another teacher who led such classes, shifted impatiently behind him. They could not be more different. Perorn, also known as Fleethoof, was a famous [Strategist], almost as famous as Niers Astoragon. But while she spoke in a crisp, no-nonsense tone and never wasted time…
Niers raised a hand and waited for the drumroll to die down. The [Drummers], all Dullahans, filled the lecture hall with sonorous thwooms of sound, probably echoing the heartbeats of his class. Perorn stared at Niers.
“You actually brought [Drummers]? What is wrong with you, Astoragon?”
“Let me have my fun, Perorn. I get old and cranky if I don’t get to do this. Ahem!”
Now there was silence. The [Drummers] packed up and left the room as Niers cleared his throat. He eyed the papers and announced to his students.
“…Of the eighty seven of you in my advanced class that were deemed capable of the challenge, I regret to say that my prized division of fourteen thousand [Soldiers] died, starved to death, got lost, or ran afoul of some malady or issue in their terrain that caused them to delay or miss the battle completely in sixty two percent of the cases!”
“Rounded down.”
“Rounded down!”
A groan ran through the classroom. The Titan cheerfully kicked off the painstakingly written budget reports off his desk. Each student had recorded food bought, supplies paid for, and information added from their own surveillance of the region or [Informants] and so on. Some had hired guides, others, adventuring teams.
It was all a front. None of them had actually bought anything. In truth, they’d gone to an entire town that Niers had painstakingly set up with actual [Merchants], [Informants], and so on, all selling goods that his students had bought with actual gold—but didn’t actually go to this hypothetical army. Still, the challenge had been real, or unreal. Niers bellowed at the class.
