Interlude – Dancing and Brawling
Page 3
“Savellia? This is going to be good. Have you heard of Lord Bel, Ryoka?”
“Best [Lord] in the world? Lord of the Dance?”
“That’s just what some Drake wrote. But he is one of the best [Lords], in combat and other aspects. But do you know what the Order of the Knights of Savellia are known for?”
An image was appearing in the scrying mirror, replacing the two Drakes. Ryoka leaned forwards, glancing at Fierre.
“No. What?”
And then there was light. Ryoka looked up and saw…well, a ballroom.
That was what she assumed it was at first. Marble floor, an expanse of smooth stone decorated in some pattern she couldn’t make out—and people, standing in near darkness.
The ballroom was vast, the kind of place where you could see hundreds, perhaps thousands of people mingling, eating, dancing—or book it so two people could dance obnoxiously in the center with a film crew.
But it was poorly lit at the moment. And Ryoka could see people in shadow. Whomever had control of the viewpoint was sweeping it across the silent room. There must have been at least four hundred people, all…waiting.
And then, the view tracked towards two double doors. Ryoka heard a sound from outside. Voices. Marching footsteps, the sound of armor en masse. Then the doors blew open, spilling light into the room, and the Order of Savellia swept into the room.
They were [Knights]. And yes, they wore armor. Plate, among their more senior members, but chainmail, even cloth mixed in with their clothing. Oh yes—and they were colorful.
Ryoka had seen the Order of the Seasons, who decorate their armor brightly, with the colors of the summer or spring. But the Savellian [Knights] had style. They’d decorated their armor with art, not just a layer of paint. Ryoka saw one [Knight] sporting a motif of flowers along his armguards and breastplate, which twined down into vines along his legs.
Another had on an armored…dress. Which was exactly like what it sounded; a knee-length skirt and armored leggings and guards on his arm, yes, but more suited to a court than a battlefield.
But they were armed for battle. All the [Knights] had helmets; none went without, although few were full-visor. And they wore weapons, mostly quick ones, like shortswords and bucklers, few battleaxes or huge maces. There were about a hundred on this…raid? Challenge? And one of them had just kicked the door open.
They stepped into the ballroom slowly. And the light that slowly illuminated the room was aided by a series of magical [Lights] that sprang out around the room. Ryoka saw the hundreds of people in the room stir.
And she realized they were [Dancers]. They were dressed in free clothing, and more than that, they had a certain athleticism and way about how they stood and moved. They were lined up as the Order of Savellia slowly gathered on their side of the ballroom.
And then Ryoka saw Lord Bel. He stood at the far end of the room. And he was distant, but Ryoka saw him surrounded by a court of the best-dressed people. She stared at him, and then the [Knights]. And she blinked.
“Are they carrying…drums? Is that a trumpet?”
The [Knights] at the back of the group were holding instruments. Not weapons, unless you thought you could kill someone with a trumpet. Which you probably could, but—Ryoka saw a pair of cymbals, a kind of violin—she stared at Fierre.
Then the [Knights] began to stamp. Ryoka saw the armored figures began to stomp, their armored feet hitting the ground in perfect unison. At first, they did it slow, ominous, a rhythmic thump and clash of metal. But only for a few seconds. Then they began to speed up.
