Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 17
“I could afford a case, you know. And I’m just Orichalcum—yeah. Between you and me, I hear there’s a rank higher than Adamantine. But good luck getting to it. I’m willing to put down thousands of gold—and I earned it all through the Golden Triangle—but for higher ranks? Some of the nobility are willing to pay that much for…I hear it’s called Dragonscale-rank.”
Dragonscale. Palt kept his face straight as the Gnoll whispered the words. It was just a name. Meaningless. But the Golden Triangle had all the makings of a cult. Give to the Triangle and you would ascend the steps. And you would receiveth.
It made him sick. But he kept up his friendly smile as the Gnoll inhaled the magical smoke and coughed. And it made him more talkative.
“Truth is—I know the first person in Pallass who was part of the Triangle. Now—if you were to ask about it, you could go to her. She’s Adamantite. You hear me?”
“Impressive!”
Palt exclaimed. The Gnoll nodded a few times.
“She’s a Dullahan. Still signing people up. She doesn’t show off her money—she put it all back into the Triangle since she’s trying for Dragonscale-rank. Now me, I want to live a bit. But she’ll be richer than I…it’s confidential, you understand?”
“Of course.”
The Centaur’s fingers twitched. More of the smoke whirled around the two. The Gnoll didn’t notice. He was inhaling both dreamleaf and Palt’s cigar.
The [Illusionist] had not told Erin a lie. He did not sell any dangerous drugs. But that didn’t mean he didn’t have any. People knew Palt was a [Smoker]. But so few wondered what that class could do.
This. The smoke was addling the Gnoll’s senses and mind. Making him friendly. Talkative. Palt was deliberately not inhaling his cigar’s fumes. He took a draft as the Gnoll passed it back, held it in his lungs—but he had a [Smoker’s Lungs] Skill that allowed him to just exhale the cloud.
“Phew. That’s something. I love it. Could you sell me…a few of them?”
The Gnoll was glassy-eyed. Palt eyed him.
“For you, friend? I can sell you a few of my special items.”
And he did. Passing dreamleaf cigars off as the ‘special’ stuff. He charged only his normal rates, pretending it was a massive discount. It was a trick, but Palt didn’t sell his special cigars.
He had a few. Like the ones he’d used on Pisces. The one he was smoking now was designed to make friends. The Centaur let the Gnoll go—he patted the Gnoll on the shoulder and murmured something.
“Might want to clear the smoke. You know how Pallass is. [Brisk Breeze]—and take one of these to do something about your breath. Free of charge for a friend.”
The smoke blew away and the Gnoll blinked as Palt handed him a near-translucent cigar. He grinned as the Centaur lit it for him.
It would detoxify his system fast. The Centaur trotted off as the Gnoll began to puff it. The [Illusionist] made tracks in case the Gnoll figured out he’d been under the influence and called the Watch. But Palt doubted it would come to that.
He was on the hunt. His Master, one of the Elusive Lot, had told him to try and find out where the Golden Triangle had originated from. Palt was motivated because it was an important assignment—
And because he’d talked with Erin and Ryoka. The Golden Triangle made him sick. He liked pranks as much as anyone else. But this? This was too large. Ryoka Griffin—who he regarded as a prize for his faction as big as Erin—had spoken about the kind of devastation this scheme could bring. Rich people? Well, they’d lose money and that was terrible and all that. But poor people would lose everything.
