Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 3
As one of the [Slaves] permanently attached to his caravan went down the line, offering a long ladle of water to each person so they could drink several huge gulps then move on, the caravan owner leaned over his saddle and grinned down at Pisces.
“You see how I do such things for you. This is a sign of admiration, Pisces. I wish you to take note, no matter where your fate takes you after Roshal. I, Igheriz, give such tokens of respect to no [Slaves] other than the most beautiful of women or the greatest I have ever dealt with—and you are no beautiful woman!”
He laughed hugely at his own joke. Pisces bared his teeth.
“I would be even more impressed, [Slavemaster] Igheriz, if you would let me ride without manacles.”
“Ah! Ah!”
Igheriz waved a finger. He looked down at Pisces sternly.
“I am not that kind of a fool, Pisces. The manacles—well, adventurers like you get such thoughts. I know you are smarter than most, but Gold-ranks always think they can escape, collar or no. But that is not what displeases me. You keep calling me [Slavemaster]. It is to annoy me, I think? You would not like me to lose my good humor so I forgive you, Pisces! Remember: it is Caravan Leader Igheriz. I will not warn you a third time.”
He grinned and Pisces hesitated for a long second before ducking his head.
“Of course…Caravan Leader. Do you not style yourself by your chief class?”
The [Slavemaster]’s eyes lit up. Pisces took a grateful drink of the slightly brackish water being offered, and listened as the man replied.
“I am more than one thing, Pisces. Or we would call you [Necromancer], not just adventurer! I am a [Merchant]! I trade in goods and rumor! I make connections. And—yes, I sell slaves, but those who lead caravans are greatly respected. Roshal’s name—not everywhere. Especially not in Izril or Terandria, eh?”
He gave Pisces another knowing look. The [Necromancer] didn’t reply, and he was happy to be called that so long as there were no other pejorative added because that was what he was. Igheriz?
The man was a pompous, ruthless lowlife, and Pisces would have happily called him a [Bandit] wearing a [Merchant]’s skin if he were freed. He detested Igheriz, but unlike Yvlon—or Ceria come to that—Pisces could lie and be polite. So he smiled.
“Have you heard of my team, Caravan Leader? It’s been nearly a week and a half.”
“Ah! Of course. You ask every day.”
Igheriz slapped his forehead, again pretending to be astonished. He seemed to tire of the charade now and then, but his spirits were high. After all—he was going to be rich from selling Pisces.
“No word yet, but we are on the road and I will ask as a favor to you when we next stop. However, you needn’t fear! None of them have bounties, so they cannot be taken. If you hope they will catch up and rescue you—that too, I do not fear. You are mine, fair and done under Chandrar’s laws, and Roshal and Azam protect me.”
He grinned. That was the pretense under which he’d justified taking Pisces as a [Slave]. Pisces had a bounty extant from Wistram and Terandria—thus, he was fair game to be taken captive. It seemed like a poor and easily exploitable system to the [Necromancer], which was probably exactly why Roshal liked it. It wasn’t as if they had many Terandrian nations to impress; [Slaves] were not common in Terandria or Izril.
Pisces was a [Slave]. A Level 3 [Slave]. He’d woken with the class in his mind and he resented it. For one thing—it was…red…in his head.
