Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 42
The Magus-Crafter quietly nodded to her. As if to reassure her that her tricks and escapades were not that bothersome. He really was hedging his bets. Wisely—if he knew the King of Destruction’s legends. And he surely did.
Nsiia nodded. Her eyes were fixed on her Golem. She walked over.
“Even so. I must take responsibility. And I know how.”
Femithain saw the former-[Empress] raise a foot. His mind was quick—but he couldn’t fully comprehend what she was planning for that crucial moment.
“Nsiia. Don’t—!’
It took one stomp. [Elephant’s Strength]. Nsiia smashed the Cat Golem across the face and her foot went through the fragile bone and crushed it. The Crafters screamed as if she had done that to an actual cat.
“What have you done?”
Se nearly attacked Nsiia, before she was pulled back. Calmly, Nsiia brushed aside the broken front of the Golem. She had avoided the back and legs. She picked up the pieces—and turned to Femithain. Yinah sniffed at the inner circuitry of the Golem and recoiled. Then she looked at the Magus-Crafter too.
He was white-faced with the destruction of the Golem. Nsiia lifted the legs.
“Can you give them to Yinah?”
“The Golem—”
He almost stuttered. She got to see genuine shock on his face. Nsiia looked at the broken face of her creation.
“It is just a Golem, Magus-Crafter. This is a cat.”
She held up Yinah. The cat meowed at the Magus-Crafter. Nsiia smiled.
“I know which one I value more. Golems were made to serve. Not to rule. Is that not so?”
He stared at her for a long moment. Then the Magus-Crafter adjusted his spectacles and smiled ruefully.
“Empress. You never fail to make my day interesting.”
 
—-
 
A day later, Nsiia returned to Elba. The city was abuzz and crowded. Crafters and layfolk flocked to the coliseum—the Testing was about to begin.
The Golem Fights. But people still stared as she walked towards the Magus-Crafter’s box. They pointed, offended, amazed, both.
There was Nsiia, who had created a Golem Cat! With such skill that the Crafters were all in awe of her understanding of anatomy! But she had also broken the Golem. And the proof of that walked proudly behind Nsiia, meowing the entire time.
When Yinah stopped, her legs actually kept walking for a half-second and made her stumble forwards. And they weren’t that agile. Femithain was going to adjust the circuitry, but he’d actually adapted them to get Yinah to walk. She had to move in a certain way to trigger the walking cycle, and Nsiia had needed to teach her.
But the cat was happily walking around with her new Golem-legs. Nsiia was quite pleased by it.
It was scandalous of course, but some of the Crafters seemed amused more than horrified.
“It’s quite an idea. I can’t say I disapprove now, can I? Magus-Crafter.”
“Crafter Inerta. Is your Golem ready?”
“The Hammer of Elbe is ready to win once more, Magus-Crafter, if that’s what you mean.”
It was amusing to see Femithain actually grit his teeth and smile as he and Inerta met before heading to their boxes. He really was loyal to his state. And it was a competition between states to see who had made the best Golem.
Nsiia found herself in the Magus-Crafter’s booth, which was really Dellva’s state booth to watch the bouts. It was simple. In other times, there might be a scrum of multiple Golems, or interesting features like an underwater battle, traps that a Golem’s programming should navigate around while fighting—even monsters to battle.
