Interlude – Queens and Dragons
Page 11
“I believe the Walled Cities disagreed strongly with the decision to place a Hive under Liscor. That decision went against all the Walled Cities at the time. And since the trade road was overtaken by the Bloodfields—”
“I told them to figure out a way to burn it. But they thought it was fine. And the war council and the Dragonspeaker make the decisions. I’ve only been allowed into the war council recently, because I’m responsible now.”
Rafaema snorted and the air grew charged. Ferris felt his fur standing up on end. He’d have to buy an anti-shock ring if he was going to work this job. But Gnolls had been rare attendants of Rafaema. Few were trusted with this much knowledge. He coughed lightly.
“The Dragonspeaker and the war council respect your opinion greatly, Lady Rafaema.”
“But they look at me like I’m still a child. And I’m older than any of them by decades.”
The Dragon’s eyes were flashing. Oh yes, she was a Dragon, even if she had only ever met one other of her kind. And she did not like condescension, among other things. Part of Ferris’ job was to clean up after…problems. Or prevent them.
“Lady Rafaema, I’m sure the war council doesn’t mean any disrespect. If you have an issue, Dragonspeaker—”
“Quiet.”
And he was. Rafaema drew herself up. Dragon. Secret hope of the Drakes, if they didn’t know it yet. She still had time, over half a century to go. But look—
She was real. Rafaema looked at her home, the only city she had ever known. A pleasant cage. She had gone beyond the walls before, but never long. And since the Antinium—
“I want to go on a trip.”
“We can arrange a visit to another Walled City—”
“Not another Walled City. I want to go to Liscor.”
Ferris paused.
“I’m afraid that’s impossible, Lady Rafaema.”
“Oh really? Because of the Antinium?”
“Among other considerations, yes.”
“So, I can’t protect myself? Is that why I still can’t leave Manus?”
A delicate pause. Ferris didn’t feel like flying today. He bowed his head.
“I am only doing my duties, Lady Rafaema. And I have clear instructions. The Dragonspeaker—”
“Fine.”
Rafaema turned away. Ferris blinked. And then immediately grew wary. The young Dragon looked back at Ferris.
“I understand. I’m not a child. And I can understand Manus’ need for security. But I’m also older than I was. And I want authority. This is my city. And I’m going to do what should be done. The war council is making their decisions. And I’m making mine. So if I can’t go to Liscor—I want that Human to come here.”
“Erin Solstice?”
The young Dragon smiled.
“Yes. Bring her here. Manus is going to send her an invitation. And you’re going to help bring her here. Tell your [Infiltrators] or [Spies] or whomever else is going to make that happen too.”
“Lady Rafaema—”
She stared at him. Rafaema’s tone never grew less pleasant.
“I want to meet her. She’s an asset to the Antinium or she knows about them. I want to meet her. You’re going to get her to come here so I can appraise her. She’s just an [Innkeeper], right? I’ll make her an asset.”
“It might be difficult. We cannot kidnap a Human—”
“Who said kidnap? Just get her here. Offer her gold. I don’t care. But bring her here so I can make plans. This is my operation, by the way. Which no one is going to know about. You’re assigned to me, so you’re under my authority.”
Ferris paused. Each generation, and each handler had their struggles. He was sure his would be an eventful entry. Even if it was…short.
“What if, hypothetically, I found reason to take issue with your request, Lady Rafaema?”
She shrugged, smiling.
