Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 35
He buried himself in the soil. That was probably why no Goblin found him at first. When he tore his way out of the earth, he had to dislodge a shattered tree that had fallen on him after he struck it.
“…defeat.”
That was all he said. Khedal had healed his wounds as he woke up. Only when he looked around did he realize.
He was in enemy territory. He was on the Island of Goblins…and while he could hear explosions in the distance, it was clear that the navy wasn’t on the attack.
Khedal understood he might be dead. If so—he swore to make it a death to remember. He had one axe, he was sure the healing potions had only partially healed his cracked ribs, and his right arm clicked every time he raised it.
Left arm, then, and find a shield for his right. Khedal looked around. His armor was in tatters, but it would do.
Now, when behind enemy lines, there were a few methods for a fighter to survive. Hiding, disguising oneself, covertly signal for extraction or make your way back to—
Khedal started running. He charged through the brush, eyes scanning for opponents. He found one within four minutes. The Minotaur burst out of the brush onto a dirt trail, long worn out of the jungle, where a little Goblin was gathering fruits from a bush.
The Minotaur raised his axe and saw the little Goblin jerk up. She stared at him—her clothes were bright green, and she had a necklace of beads. The Minotaur realized it was a child.
The child dropped her basket and ran, shrieking, into the distance. Khedal lowered his axe.
“A village?”
He had never seen one of the Goblin villages from shore. Seconds later, he heard shouts and horns in the distance. The Minotaur knew the village was alarmed, and well they should be.
He was headed straight for it. The Prince burst into the open as he followed the child, looking for their warriors. He saw Goblins in turn bursting out of houses, whirling, shouting the alarm to their warriors that a Minotaur was here.
One raised a hoe in front of a garden, and the Minotaur saw a Goblin glance up, sitting while a squirrel ate an acorn on top of its head. He saw a Goblin in a tree house swing down and another train a bow on him.
He…hesitated.
Not because of the children running into homes. Nor the [Shaman] or older Goblins trying to block him. The young warriors calling out challenges. Not because of how familiar it surely should be.
No, he saw Goblins. It was the architecture that confused him. He looked up and saw, for a second, before the first poisoned arrow shot down, a house among the trees. Built into the trees, but not a tree house.
A tree house, a cabin in the air was so primitive. So ungraceful compared to the flowing architecture. The bridge across the air.
The gardens…Khedal deflected a blow from a Goblin youth and nearly took their head off until the Goblin who’d been feeding the squirrel pulled the young one back. He made a gesture and then punched Khedal from a dozen paces away. A…[Martial Artist]? A [Monk]?
A poisoned dart from the side. Goblins screeching at each other. Khedal’s one axe swung as he seized a shield from an attacker, backing away.
A garden? His mind whirled as the poison bit him, and he backed up. He was confused, so he fled backwards. The leader of the village shot a third arrow into his back. Khedal looked over his shoulder once.
He was a traveller of many lands. He had sailed across the world for fifty years. Why…
Why did that village look like the ones he’d seen in Terandria? The Claiven Earth?
Like a half-Elf’s…
 
——
 
