Interlude – Carriages and Conversations
Page 1
The Runner bent down, grimacing, and the green rats, as if sensing the intentions of the Human, fled en masse. Cursing, the Runner was chasing after one of the nimble rodents when they saw a flash. They turned their heads.
“Oh hell.”
The first arcing magical arrow hit the ground and nearly blew them to bits. The Runner hit the ground, looked up, and ran.
The mansion was lobbing huge bolts of magic at them! The sensor spell in the ground had targeted them; now they were being hunted by artillery spells.
“Damnit, damnit, damnit—”
The Runner looked around. But there was no help for it. More spells were coming. So—the Runner gritted their teeth, grabbed a potion, and downed it.
“Here we go.”
Magic enhanced their steps. The potion enhanced their reflexes. The Runner turned, sprinted at the mansion—
The ground began to explode. The Runner weaved, outrunning the magic hitting the ground behind them. The rats hopefully watched, wondering if they were going to get snacks. To their disappointment, the Runner was fast.
They reached the door of the mansion, sprinted up the steps, and hammered on the door.
“Archmage!”
They tried the door’s handle. To their surprise, it was unlocked! The Runner sagged in relief. They heard a hum of magic from above—twisted the knob—
It was a mark of their understanding of the devious cruelty of the mortal condition that saved the Runner’s life. They had yanked the door open as they leapt off the porch and so the blast of fire didn’t cook them along with everything on the steps. The Runner staggered upright, peeked over—and saw dirt through the open doorway.
“What the…”
There was nothing behind the door. Not flooring; just dirt. The mansion was…
Slowly, the Runner stood up. They twisted a ring on their finger and touched the amulet again. This time, close up, the Amulet of Detect Magic and their veil-piercing ring functioned. They saw the mansion glow—and the Runner groaned.
“This isn’t even the real mansion, is it?”
The illusion vanished and they saw the real mansion, invisible, quietly waiting on the cliff away from the death-trapped minefield. The illusion spells had fooled the market-grade artifacts.
The Runner looked around. Now, they were in the lee of the fake mansion’s shadow, surrounded by magical mines, and targeted by the homing magical spells. The real, coast side mansion, a huge, sprawling compound, waited.
The Runner had to take a few seconds.
“I. Hate. [Mages].”
 
—-
 
Then.
The Unmarked Coach was the counterpart to Magnolia Reinhart’s famous pink carriage. It wasn’t as fast—but it was still damn fast. More importantly—it was unremarked upon. Hence the name. It was a special transport. You had to know about it to request it. And even knowing about it was reserved for people with the right connections. Even then—getting on the good list took a bit of doing.
But once you were on the list? Well, the Unmarked Coach took you where you wanted to go securely, swiftly, and without anyone knowing.
Two details about the coach that always changed were the driver, and the coach itself. They were always different. Sometimes the driver was male, a Gnoll, or a Drake, a Dullahan, or female, a Selphid…
The coach took all colors and all forms as well. It could be a rather posh, but visibly old carriage like the one that trundled down the road now, or a sleek new model, a barely-functioning converted cart with holes in it…you could never tell.
