Interlude – The Hangover After
Page 4
The [Alchemist] grinned. He pulled out a vial. There was a little marking on it. Numbtongue saw a colorful note of music. The Drake winked at him as he opened it and downed half.
“I can do anything…if I drink this potion. Now, give that to me. Good thing it’s a string instrument. I don’t have one for trumpets. Not many [Bards] or whatnot use them. Not a solo thing.”
He took the instrument. And then—began to copy Numbtongue. Not improvise, but he began to  play the same background beat. The Hobgoblin stared. Mrsha’s jaw dropped. Bird just nodded.
“Do you have a flying potion?”
“I wish. I have one that makes you float, and  another for weight and stuff, but no flight.”
“Oh. How sad.”
“How?”
The Hobgoblin stared at Saliss, almost outraged. The [Alchemist] winked. Then he turned.
“Hey, Octavia! You want to get in on this?”
The Stitch-Woman stared at the band on the stage. She was hung over, but the [Alchemist] had a number of hangover cures. They made you pee like nothing else, so she’d been visiting the outhouse. She paused.
“Master Saliss?”
The Drake winked at Numbtongue as he showed the vial to Octavia.
“Careful. I can’t make more of them. Not my focus. Acquiring the vital essence of talent is something other [Alchemists] specialize in. With Skills, usually. Or I dunno, dunk someone in a solution and let it take some of their skill.”
“And you can play? Play this.”
Numbtongue demanded urgently. Saliss copied his bass line. He nodded as Bird and Mrsha began laying down the beat on their pots. The Worker began to test his voice.
“Me, mi, me, mi.”
“Talent Potions are rare. But Blademaster Draughts exist. I’ve heard the best [Alchemists] can brew Luck Potions. Or [Witches], who can make you literally drink…life. [Witches] are really scary. I hear stories about them.”
He paused and looked around meaningfully. All five stared into the empty fireplace. Saliss’ eyes still gleamed with the memory of last night.
“Strange how an [Innkeeper] has that rare power. Well, Xif and I both got some of that fire. She gives it away, you know. For free or too cheap.”
He looked at Octavia, and then back at Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin paused.
“That’s why she’s better.”
He stared challengingly at Saliss. And again, the Named Adventurer just smiled.
“I know. That’s why you give back, even if you’re not asked.”
The Goblin stared. And Saliss casually took his place on the stage.
“We doing this? Octavia, get up here! You have to play! Is there another guitar? Anything with strings works with this potion.”
“What? Me? Are we giving back?”
Octavia stared as she drank from the talent potion. Saliss grinned.
“What? Nah, this is just fun. Here, drink up. Ready?”
Numbtongue paused. But he had a bass line. A drummer. A singer. And what did you need beyond that? Reluctantly, he nodded.
“Go louder.”
Bird took the center of the stage, next to Numbtongue. The [Bard] kicked it up a notch. Mrsha began hammering the beat in the background. And they began to play.
At first, the music was quiet. But the band didn’t believe in quiet music. As Numbtongue launched into the first pop and rock songs, his guitar began to pick up in volume.
Not only that. Saliss began to sing along as he picked up the words. And he and Octavia could play the bass that Numbtongue taught them. Mrsha began hammering on the drums.
At some point, Bird began singing as loudly as he could. Numbtongue was playing hard on the guitar. And the music went through the inn.
