Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 28
“How about, ‘Battalion 3 triumphed in the face of adversity against Hectval’s numerous attempts to overwhelm them?’ That implies numbers, but…”
“Ooh, I like that.”
The others present began debating the way to phrase it. Olesm turned to Kesa, Embria, and the rest of 4th Company.
“In your experience, how well-received are High Command’s…verbal…addresses?”
“Permission to speak candidly, Commander?”
Embria glared at Kesa as the Drake raised her claw eagerly.
“Permission denied. Not that effective, unless it really mattered, Commander. Something…tangible would be better. Words won’t hurt, though.”
Olesm nodded.
“Maybe…do we have anything in the rations we could give? Say, a half-ration of something Antinium like? Belgrade, what would that be?”
“Anything but wheat-based products.”
The [Strategist] replied instantly. Bepol frowned.
“Yes, but dates, fruits…”
Olesm smiled slightly.
“Belgrade means anything, doesn’t he? Antinium don’t eat anything other than their rations…wait. How much of their…food…are they eating?”
The [Trapsetter Strategist] considered the question.
“Enough for eighty-six protracted days of battle, Commander. It is highly storable, highly difficult to rot, and highly…nutritious.”
Olesm shuddered. Embria raised her brows, but she had probably never seen the Antinium’s food-paste. It could be green. Grey. Brown. Orange…but these colors were, in and of themselves, not offensive. Something about the paste…and those colors being dominant and speckled in with things Olesm thought he recognized, like a tooth or…
“Let’s give them a half-ration of other food. And a commendation to Battalion 3’s fighting spirit. We’ll do that every day there’s major fighting or someone to celebrate. It seems like a good tradition so long as we’re not low on supplies.”
The other officers nodded, even 4th Company. Olesm felt that alone was good, but something was bothering him. This was good, old-fashioned leadership. Manus’ teachers would have approved and probably given him examples of ways military leaders encouraged or chided their soldiers effectively.
So what was he missing? Olesm sat there as Bepol began to do a draft and Ramia lost a game of chess to Belgrade, prompting Kesa to try and then lose in eleven moves. Something was missing.
…Erin’s inn? Olesm thought of her inn. Here he was, at war. There was little of what Erin did or her inn—save for the Antinium. She hated wars, for all he thought she was a brilliant [Strategist] who hid it only as a love of chess. What would she do?
The blue-scaled Drake brushed at his armor, free of any blood or gore, and looked up at Belgrade. He remembered the Painted Antinium and Belgrade…
Belgrade. The [Strategist] glanced at him as Olesm blinked. He rose to his feet and exclaimed.
“That’s it.”
What they needed, as much as commendations, as much as a little gift? Olesm saw the other officers look at him and glanced at Embria. He couldn’t believe she hadn’t thought of it, being in 4th Company. But perhaps she had and just hadn’t volunteered it, or she didn’t think of it as something Antinium would do. Olesm took a breath.
“Battalion 3 of the Antinium division is faceless. No one knows Antinium. No offense, Belgrade, but they look alike.”
“This is very fair.”
Olesm looked around. He saw Embria raise her brows.
“They need…a name.”
 
[Leader Level 9!]
[Skill – Bird’s Eye View obtained!]
[Skill – Boosted Morale (Unit) obtained!]
 
 
 
 
Crusader 51, [Crusader]
 
Thus was born Crab Battalion.
