Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 21
Vess had the distinct impression the Soldier was listening to them. So they didn’t have to feed it, they’d instead chained the Soldier’s legs, torso, and neck. It could move its two arms on its left side and move about. Well, about three feet given how many different chains were on it.
It didn’t blink, and the antennae waved, but not much else moved. The Soldier didn’t have pupils, but Vess still thought it was looking at him. He shuddered.
“What’re they doing, the Yoldenites?”
 
——
 
“Yayde Re~! Hey Heckies! Have a taste of this!”
The odd warning call was something Yoldenites said to each other from afar. It was like saying ‘hello’, or simply, ‘I’m here’.
Three hundred Yoldenites on ponies all shouted it down at the Alliance—then began whirling slings and tossing stones down at the Drakes and Gnolls. The instant the Alliance pivoted to attack them, the Yoldenites were retreating, showering their pursuers with stones.
They were obnoxious enemies and had adapted their tactics to battle Drisshia’s heavy infantry. Worse—the Yoldenites put the same helmets on their ponies and turned it into full-body armor—from the top. They would cheerfully engage in any ranged warfare with their enemies, and as the saying went—you couldn’t kill a Yoldenite from above.
Some people uncharitably called them ‘mountain Lizards’ after the cheerfully obnoxious Lizardfolk of Baleros. The difference between Yolden and Lizardfolk was…Yoldenites were still Drakes.
They were unused to the intensity of the battle between Hectval and Liscor. The first time they saw a Hectval line of crossbows open up on them, the Yoldenites experienced fairly significant casualties. They also tried to take a group of Luldem [Soldiers] prisoner and ended up in a close-quarters fight as the enraged [Soldiers] refused to give up until half their number were down.
In response, the Yoldenites waited until the Alliance was marching down a pass and then collapsed an entire shelf onto them, burying over a hundred and fifty [Soldiers] alive.
 
——
 
Over two thousand entered Liscor’s war, mostly as skirmishers harassing the Alliance or appearing to flank their foes from hilltops, where their slings did the most damage. They were hardly the hammer, but they were distracting and, most of all, demoralizing. Apparently, they were threatening one of Drisshia’s mines, and their city wanted to pull back and fight Yolden, which prompted accusations that Drisshia was abandoning the real battle where the most deaths were occuring.
Vess and Velden were discussing the issue when the Soldier’s rock pinged off one of Big Yam’s helmets. It missed the Drake’s eye, and the [Soldier] recoiled, shielding his face.
“You damn—”
Instantly, the squad began hurling everything in sight back at it. Velden had to yank people back, and the Soldier, covered in dirt and bleeding from multiple scratches, was re-chained at once.
“It tried to hit Dosel in the eye! You saw that! We have to kill it.”
“Just wait. The longer it takes to find someone to interrogate it, the more we sit around. Chain it back up.”
Velden panted, but Vess felt his scales crawl. There was something…cheerfully malicious about the Soldier. It seemed like it was hungry now, because it snapped its mandibles and turned its head to stare at the food tin.
“I’m going to—”
Dosel got up, and Velden grabbed his shoulder. Vess rose and picked up the tin and the spoon. He approached the Soldier.
“You. What’s your name?”
The Soldier stiffened. Vess offered it another spoon of gelatin pasta.
