Interlude – Krshia
Page 7
But no wonder. This situation was unprecedented in scale. Monsters were a fact of life. Undead attacks, the dungeon appearing…all that was something you lived with. But war? Enemy armies? When those threatened, that was when you did start counting your coins and looking to the gates. It wasn’t treachery and it wasn’t cowardice. It was just that people didn’t want to die.
“Honored Krshia.”
One of her customers, a Gnoll, muttered under his breath as the discussion became a hypothetical ‘what if’ about fleeing from Liscor and where they’d all go. Krshia glanced up and saw an older male Gnoll looking at her. He muttered under his breath as he inspected a set of writing quills.
“Honored Beilmark has requested us to call a meeting with all the representatives. She says the news is urgent.”
Krshia nodded. She leaned forwards and under the pretext of showing the Gnoll her quills, spoke quietly.
“Does she know anything more than this?”
“She knows numbers and details. The other representatives have agreed. Honored Elirr has volunteered his home for the meeting.”
“I will go.”
The Gnoll nodded. He would spread the word further and tell others.
“We will meet at Elirr’s shop then, at midday. It is time for it too; many families are discussing fleeing the city tomorrow when the waters lower. Just discussing, and not seriously, but if we must come to a decision…”
He glanced over his shoulder. The Drakes were standing and talking. They weren’t committed. They were finding every reason not to go. Wyvern attacks, having to pass through the Blood Fields which would be waking up, leaving everything behind…but they were talking about it. Krshia nodded.
“I will be there. But I go to The Wandering Inn now. To hear what may be heard. And to pick up the Mrsha child, yes?”
“Now?”
The Gnoll raised his eyebrows. Krshia shrugged.
“Her abilities must be seen and discussed. It is not as pressing as this attack, but I have not had the opportunity to find out what she knows until today. If Honored Elirr is willing, please send him to meet us. It will not take more than an hour, and he knows…”
She trailed off meaningfully. The Gnoll nodded.
“I will pass the word on. Also—how much for these quills? I need new ones.”
“Take them. I’m closing shop. Dear customers! Make any final purchase, because I am closing, and I do not know if I will reopen my shop today, yes?”
Krshia raised her voice. She closed six more hurried purchases and packed her coins away in her belt pouch before sweeping her goods back into their bins and locking them. Krshia took one more look around Market Street before she left. A few more [Shopkeepers] were open, but they were hardly doing business.
They were talking with their customers and looked as worried as anyone else. Krshia shook her head and hurried down the street. Not towards her apartment, but to the eastern gate. Up to the battlements, and, after speaking with a [Guardsman] on duty, down one of the ladders and onto a bridge leading eastern and north. To an inn on a hill.
No rain fell on Krshia as she walked across the bridge and stared down at the hills and valleys submerged in muddy water. The rains had stopped and the water level was lowering. It was almost six feet lower now, so the bridge to Erin’s inn was in fact, an actual bridge now rather than one that rested just above the waterline. Already Krshia could see mud and bits of grass dotting the hills where the water level had receded.
“Almost enough to walk on, yes? Almost. But slippery and foul-smelling. Not good for Gnolls.”
