Interlude – Flos
Page 11
“More than you. I fought as a mercenary for a decade, my King. I could buy you armor as well—”
“Mm. A few artifacts might not go amiss. A shame djinn are so difficult to manage or I’d seriously consider a flying army of them. Remember the Kingdom of Oleis? Fantastic at harassing the enemy. But now that I think of it, a flying carpet—”
They began heading into the bazaar. Flos had elected to dismount so they all walked on foot, joining the crowds of people walking past the open tents that had been set up. Some were magical, so the tents were larger on the inside than the outside.
Trey gaped at the objects on display—there were magic scrolls, floating orbs, and then things that didn’t look so magical like rich saffron being sold by the pound, sheaves of high-quality paper, food and ice being offered by some food merchants—it was a feast for the eyes, ears, and nose. Almost overwhelming, in fact. Trey looked at Gazi. She was following Flos as he looked around animatedly, talking loudly to Mars and Teres.
“Are you going to shop by yourself?”
Gazi turned. She had no eyebrows to raise, but Trey saw her skin move in the same way.
“Would you like to come with me?”
“I…wouldn’t mind.”
Gazi smiled. It wasn’t that Trey wouldn’t mind following the King of Destruction, it was just that he liked Gazi’s company.
“Very well. My king—”
She broke off as their group of five passed by a crowd. The man who had fallen off the carpet had survived his fall, but had broken both his legs in multiple places. He was screaming for help as [Traders] clustered around him, offering him a number of objects.
“Sands, my legs! My legs are—healing potions, please!”
“Can I interest you in a bone regrowth potion sir? The finest to be had for miles—”
“Pain numbing tonic? Just a whiff and you’ll be free of pain—”
“Would you like me to retrieve your carpet sir? My djinni can find it for a nominal fee—”
The poor man reached for his money pouch as Flos passed by. The King of Destruction turned his head as he looked around.
“Blacksmithing…I’m sure there’s an entire row of tents devoted to weapons. Ah! Well, we’ll find our way there eventually! Gaz—I mean, Gabrielle, are you going?”
The half-Gazer bowed slightly.
“I will return within the hour, sire. May I take Trey with me?”
“Oh? But I had hopes to enjoy—well, if you wish.”
Flos frowned slightly, looking almost hurt that Trey wouldn’t follow him around. It would be him asking Trey exactly what he found familiar from his world and his opinion on everything, Trey knew. Teres was giving Trey a look that told him to stay and join in her suffering. Trey gave her a guilty grin.
“I’m sorry, your m—sire.”
“Far be it from me to distract you. Besides which, you might keep Gazi occupied. Don’t start a fight if someone insults my name, Gazi. And keep Trey safe!”
Flos sternly instructed Gazi before turning and staring at a stall filled with scrying orbs and mirrors and so on.
“Now here’s a shop that catches my interest! I could have watched the battle at Liscor far more easily and without hurting my neck with one of these. [Shopkeeper], how much is this orb?”
He held up a yellow sphere that shone with inner light. The man who hurried up to him with a welcoming smile had a turban on his head and silk clothing.
“Ah, a good eye sir! Eight thousand gold pieces.”
“For an orb this small?”
Flos looked dismayed. The man bowed his head slightly.
“Ah, it’s not just scrying, but records memory as well! Hence the price. Did I hear you say you observed the most entertaining affair in Liscor?”
“We did! However, my scrying orb was only so big—”
