Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 21
“I hear that all the time. But she’s been a leader for a long time and I have to say, it works.”
Niers shook his head. He spotted an ant and kicked it; Umina watched it fly away.
“Damn things. Must have come with the food; I have ward charms. Anyways, where was I? Oh, yes. Foliana.”
Niers shrugged.
“She’s better at leading than I am, in a way. She’s unpredictable, disappears on me, has no social ability—but that’s fine in a leader so long as I’m here. She scares the flesh off of other rulers and company leaders and they can’t make her do anything she doesn’t want. It’s a symbiotic relationship, but yes, when she gives orders, I obey. Rare as that is, there have been times I’ve been grateful for it.”
“So she actually is in charge.”
Umina exhaled and looked at Wil. He winked at her, deadpan. Cameral owed Umina a gold coin! Niers laughed.
“Leadership comes in different forms. And Foliana being our head means no one can truly ever figure out how we’ll jump. Not even me! Besides, she and I have known each other for decades. Dead gods, over fifty years come to think of that.”
“In that case—that leads me into my question, Professor.”
Umina almost raised a hand before she caught herself. Niers and Wil both laughed quietly. The drink was loosening tongues as well. And Niers wasn’t using his bag of holding trick; his students had finally caught on to it.
“What made you decide to become a [Strategist], Professor? Everyone knows you were a Named Adventurer before you formed a mercenary company, but what made you—uh—”
Umina fell silent because she didn’t know how to say it without being offensive. Niers smiled.
“What made a tiny Fraerling decide he could take on the big, bad world? Don’t worry, Umina. I get that question all the time. The answer is…well, do either of you have cats?”
“Cats?”
Umina looked blank. Wil nodded.
“We have some in the Kallinad household. Not many dogs; my mother’s allergic.”
“Huh. Remind me never to visit the Kallinad estates. I hate cats. I’m not keen on dogs either, or many ‘pets’. But cats I hate. You know why?”
Umina didn’t have to guess. The Titan was gesturing at his candle-sized height.
“They’re a danger to Fraerlings, right, sir?”
“Exactly. Cats love small objects. Even trained ones will kill anything as small as a mouse. Fraerlings are in danger around them. Cats are cruel, too. They kill things for fun. They’re banned anywhere a Fraerling village exists, and everywhere where the Forgotten Wing Company holds power. They can stay indoors, but those damn things don’t go outside.”
“What’s that got to do with you becoming an adventurer, sir? Or a [Strategist]?”
If he says his family was killed by a cat, don’t laugh. Umina repeated it twice and saw Wil doing the same. Niers smiled.
“I’m just bringing up cats because they’re a good example. Cats are deadly to Fraerlings. But uh, how many of your people do you know that have been killed by a cat?”
“Well, bobcats—”
“Housecats, Umina.”
“…Two?”
Niers and Umina both paused and looked at Wil. He looked embarrassed.
“Suffocation. I have a third-aunt who was suffocated in her sleep by all the cats she kept. And I heard about another death the same way.”
“That’s hilarious. Those damn furred monsters.”
Niers shook his head. He waved Wil’s statement away.
“Practically though, they don’t savage you to death, right? Umina, you’re no [Warrior] but I bet you could fight off a dozen cats if you had to. Fraerlings on the other hand? I know…dead gods, at least twenty eight people who died to cats. Imagine that.”
