Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 27
And—she saw Viceria beating at the fire on Wailant, Jelaqua pouring water on her arms.
It was so hard to put out.
“Make it stop! It’s burning Mrsha!”
The flames were beginning to eat away at the finest hairs on the tips of Mrsha’s fur. Erin realized her skin was…hurting. She reached for Mrsha, but the Gnoll recoiled as Lyonette grabbed her with her free arm, and brushed at the invisible flames.
“Stop it, Erin!”
“I don’t know how!”
The [Innkeeper] looked around. And she felt the hatred burning on her skin. She fought against it. But how did you get rid of it?
“Pull it back to you. It’s yours.”
Someone spoke. Erin’s head turned. But she didn’t see who it was. Still—the words were right. She concentrated.
“Come back. Come back, right now—”
Across the inn, the black flame winked out. Jelaqua gasped as she stared at her dead flesh—the flames had eaten away at her dead body fastest. She looked up. No flames on her, or Wailant. The [Pirate] relaxed.
“Storms at sea. What was that—”
Every head turned to Erin. The young woman was engulfed in the fire. From head to toe. It did not burn on the floorboards as she stepped back from Lyonette and Mrsha. It only thrived on living things. And now it was visible.
A dancing, dark flame, like a shadow in the light. Lyonette held Mrsha as she backed away.
“Erin? Can you put it out? Someone—get some water!”
She nearly reached for Erin, but someone—a young woman with black and red hair, put an arm out. And Erin Solstice turned. She saw Ishkr grab a glass of water and hurl it at her.
The water burned away as it landed on the fire. Lyonette saw Erin regarding her hands.
“Can we help?”
“No. I’m fine.”
Slowly, the shrouded young woman looked up. Her eyes burned behind the black veil. They flashed as she looked around.
“You’re not fine. We need to put that out—I’ll try my magic.”
Ceria stood up. Erin glanced at her friend.
“No. Sit down.”
The half-Elf froze, and slowly her legs collapsed. Erin Solstice looked around. And then she walked towards the magic door.
“I’m going for a walk.”
She reached for the magic door, adjusted the dial, and opened it. Walked through. The flames engulfed her. Her hatred.
But that was right. That was what she needed. Not a damn party. She needed strength. Magnolia. Erin narrowed her eyes. She walked forwards. Sergeant Kel backed up in his checkpoint.
“Let me through.”
The Drake opened his mouth. Erin Solstice looked at him. She grabbed the portcullis. And the steel—slowly—began to heat up. Warp. The [Sergeant] looked at Erin. He turned.
“Raise the gates.”
“Sir?”
The [Guard] looked at Kel incredulously. The [Sergeant] snapped as he stared at Erin and the dark, almost invisible fire. It was only visible under the light. In the shadows, it just made her form ripple.
“Open the gate. And send a runner to the Watch Captain, Grand Strategist, and—Saliss of Lights. Run!”
The gates opened. Erin Solstice strode through. She turned, and walked down the street. The flames were invisible on her in the darkening night. But people avoided her. The look on the Human woman’s face cleared her way in the already emptying streets as she walked.
Listening to the sound of hatred whispering in her ears.
 
—-
 
She was being consumed by it. Maviola tried to go after Erin, but the [Sergeant] refused to let anyone else through. She hesitated. But it was the young woman’s fire. It wouldn’t kill her. Maviola just hoped it wouldn’t consume her.
“She’ll be alright. I’ll go after her. Mrsha, stay here. Mister Kel, let me through!”
