Interlude – Two Rats
Page 31
Zevara looked down, trying to remember the little Gnoll’s name. Her fur was beautifully white. She shook her head rapidly. But her wide eyes told Zevara something was wrong. But she didn’t say what it was. Instead, she began making a bunch of strange signs with her paws.
“What? What? What’s the problem? Come out with it already!”
The Watch Captain snapped as she tried to make sense of the signs. The [Guardswoman] stared too, but she knew a bit more than her Captain.
“It’s uh, I think she’s mute, Watch Captain.”
“She is? Damn. I forgot—okay. What’s the problem. Is it the inn?”
Zevara stared at Mrsha. The Gnoll shook her head. She pointed; Zevara saw her bridge her arms like a wall. Then two arms up? Poking? A contorted face? Two paws over her head? The Gnoll kept doing that symbol.
“I have no idea what you mean. Someone’s hurt? Where? Who? Damn it—can you write? Here—”
“She’s only a child, Watch Captain.”
“I know that! Go stand watch and tell someone to check the inn for fire or monsters or something!”
Zevara snapped at the [Guardswoman]. She stared. Mrsha was running about, frantic. She kept making the same symbol. Two paws, curved over her ears. Zevara frowned. There was something familiar about—
Horns. The Drake’s eyes widened. She looked at Mrsha’s desperate expression. And her mind leapt to the worst conclusion, the right one, at once.
“Calruz? What’s happening?”
She watched the pantomime. Then she charged past Mrsha, leapt down the stairs and shouted the alarm.
 
—-
 
At some point, he’d stopped feeling pain. He could still see it. Still feel the prodding. And then the retort, the snap of an arrow. They’d progressed from burning. He was only glad the child hadn’t been here to see it.
He laughed as they killed him. Bit by bit. Slowly. It only made them angrier. More vicious. He would have stopped it if he could. Ended it himself. But he wasn’t sure. What was worse, far worse, was seeing the look in their eyes.
It reminded him of the Raskghar. A vicious glee. No—on some it was just pure hatred. He deserved that. But some hadn’t come for vengeance.  Or if they had, it had turned too vicarious. Too…he saw them aiming, arguing.
“Too far! Enough!”
A Gnoll [Guardsman] and some of them were arguing with the Gnoll with the stripe. They were split as they pointed to Calruz. He was lying down by now. They’d healed him four times, but—he could have told them that a healing potion couldn’t heal forever. Eventually the body broke first.
“Enough? Enough?”
The Gnoll was shouting. He had a spear and Calruz knew it was meant for him. The Gnoll had never intended to leave him alive. The instant he’d walked into the prison, Calruz had been sure today would be his last. He was only glad the child wasn’t there.
This was how he died. Without honor. Not in battle, or surrounded by friends or family. In a dark cell. It was fitting. But bitter. The Minotaur waited as the Gnolls fought. Then the spear was raised. He sat up; a Minotaur should die on his feet, but they’d stopped working. He saw the [Guardsman] raise the spear—and then turn.
Sound was gone. But Calruz saw him react. Turn, snarling. Then—a flash of white. A little Gnoll cub tackled him, and a thorn protruding from her paw stabbed into his leg. He howled—then flames ripped down the prison. The white Gnoll child fled and the Drakes and Gnolls fled, some rolling to extinguish the flames.
Calruz sighed as he saw the Drake stalk forwards, full of honor as Gnoll whirled to face her, snarling. Because he knew he wouldn’t die yet.
 
—-
 
