Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 1
The Archmage of Izril waited. Ryoka felt the wind blowing around her, cooling down the horses. She smiled, slightly.
“Better find a [Seamstress], too.”
She had plans that might just involve breaking every bone in her body. So, some things never changed.
 
—-
 
As the coach rumbled forwards, the roads were mostly clear. Riots had happened. Not in smaller towns or cities, but Invrisil had not been the only place struck by them. Terandria, even as far away as Baleros and a very few Chandrarian cities…the synchronicity across the world was frightening.
And even now, the [Coachman] was reading the ‘new papers’ he had gotten from the Mage’s Guild on his 30-minute stop in the last town, detailing the riots. Created by Wistram, distributed to most Mage’s Guilds. He passed the paper to Ryoka when he was done and steered with one hand as he drank a soup-breakfast.
She contented herself with some of Erin’s sandwiches. They held up pretty well in her bag of holding. She just wished Erin made more sandwiches than ‘grilled cheese’, ‘peanut butter and jam’, and ‘ham ‘n egg’.
Erin was weird.
And as it happened, the coach rode past a weary three adventurers, arguing as they headed north. They were covered in blood, and the travellers on the road steered wide of them. The [Coachman], Randal, slowed to stare at the trio. They weren’t [Bandits]; rather, they were adventurers.
“I’m telling you, I didn’t know they exploded.”
Falene snapped. Dawil and Ylawes glared at her. The half-Elf was only partly covered in blood. But the [Knight] in his armor and the Dwarf were soaked. They had run into some monsters—part-fungi, part flesh-and-blood—whose defense-tactic was to explode and thus send viscera and spore everywhere.
“Let’s not point fingers and blame Falene now. We all know whose fault it was. The problem is that we’ve lost our horses.”
Dawil growled. He dumped a water flask over his head. Ylawes spat and Falene slowly cast a cleansing spell on her robes rather than her companions. The [Knight] spoke, gagged on mushroom-blood, took a swig, spat, and spoke again.
“We’ve lost our horses. They were galloping for the High Passes, last I saw. If we lose them, we’re only out the cost of the saddles and rental. Let’s ask if a [Hostler] can locate them. Some can whistle them back from miles and miles away. And they’re trained to run back home if they’re in danger.”
“If they’re dead, the stables will give us hell. Damnit. I hate mushrooms. Think we could’ve eaten them?”
The Gold-ranks stared back the way they’d come. All three shuddered. It hadn’t even been a quest; they’d just seen the carnivorous fungi close to the road and decided to do the world a favor and themselves a disservice.
“I miss Durm. We should buy dedicated warhorses. Or at least, I’ll buy one. Falene, please stop cleaning yourself and conjure some water for us?”
The half-Elf [Battlemage] pointed and a jet of water blasted Dawil in the left ear. He roared in fury, but after a brief scuffle, the three Gold-ranks looked at each other. Dawil grimaced, feeling at his belt.
“Let’s talk after we get back. We’re not sitting flush when it comes to coin, Ylawes. Although…that old woman did give us this amulet-thingy. And those other two heirlooms. And the family’s treasured potion of who-knows-what. Might be worth something.”
