Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 33
The Minotaur Prince was as fast as he was. He left an afterimage where he had been standing, and suddenly—Greydath jerked back as the second swing from above and below nearly caught him.
That speed! Greydath launched himself from the ship and leapt across the railing. He actually hopped from one ship to another, a twenty-eight foot jump—and saw the Minotaur right behind him.
This time, Khedal actually scored a cut on Greydath’s arm. The Goblin Lord twisted away, but he wasn’t prepared for Khedal’s swiftness. It was as if the gap in speed had suddenly—vanished.
Then the Goblin Lord turned. The Minotaur spoke into the void of time between them.
“[You Cannot Escape My Steps].”
He lunged, and Greydath struck his armor with a kick, then brought his sword down. He moved to cut the ship in half, with the Minotaur on it. The greatsword swung down—
A wave of silver came up. Khedal’s axes cut the air, one, then another, as he activated a Skill that chopped half of the sail apart. Greydath parried the Skill and landed on the deck. The Minotaur advanced.
“[I Match Your Strength for Strength].”
Relentlessly, he advanced, using the two axes to threaten both of Greydath’s sides. He wanted to get in close, where the greatsword was useless. Greydath spun.
“Evacuate the deck!”
The [Captain] of the ship shouted, and six Minotaurs fell as Greydath’s horizontal sword slashed them across the waists, cut through the railing, a ballista—
And stopped as Khedal blocked it, saving the ship. The impact rocked the ship, but the Goblin Lord’s eyes were locked on Khedal.
“[Until Death or Dishonor, I Challenge You].”
The Prince hissed. Greydath looked in his eyes and, finally, read his class.
[The Glorious Challenger].
 
——
 
A third warship was being destroyed by the Minotaur Prince’s conflict with Greydath of Blades. However, Khedal was keeping up with Greydath’s insane speed.
Greydath of Blades was bleeding. Yet his arrival should have been a great portent for the Goblins, an ally in this battle.
So why was the female Goblin Lord frowning? Perhaps because this had not been predicted. And with the Prince’s life in danger—
The House of Minos was unleashing everything.
Another giant axe struck down as a tree exploded out of the waters, taking the impact. It still spun towards the island, and one of the two Fomirelin raised a shield and stumbled backwards as he absorbed the rest of the throw.
“Spells! Spells!”
A warning shout—the Goblin Lord looked up and saw the first of Valmira’s Comets coming down.
No…Valmira’s Comet Storm. They were using spells. And if anything, despite the warships sinking and embattled, the House of Minos was throwing more ammunition into the fight. She clicked her tongue. Escalation.
“Wave.”
 
——
 
“Tidal wave! Tidal wave—evacuate the—”
Merchant Saimh grabbed Ocello as a wall of water began to rise up. The Drake saw it rolling slowly, slowly, towards the harbor—then realized how big it had to be. Minotaurs began throwing up magic shields around their ballistae. The rest?
They took cover as the King of Minotaurs turned her head slightly.
“Lareqol?”
Her son was watching her throw each axe, slowly, gauging her target. It might be a minute or two between throws. He started.
“Yes?”
“Evacuate the throne room.”
Then she slowly stood and reached up for something hanging above her throne. She had been throwing axes she had used while she rose to her title. Now—she pulled down the relic passed between Minotaur Kings.
The Axe of Minos.
 
——
 
