Interlude – Talia
Page 34
“I took it from a Hobgoblin.”
Of course. The [Knights] nodded. Ser Thornst eyed the blade.
“Why did you not use it before? I grant you that it would have endangered those around you had you swung it carelessly.”
“Sneak attack. Advantage.”
Talia snorted. She lifted a hand in apology as the metal helmet looked at her.
“Is everything for advantage in combat, Sir Slayer?”
He thought about the question seriously.
“Yes.”
The Order of Seasons returned to the nearest village inhabited they’d passed through this morning. There was only a small inn, but the people turned out to hear that the Ogres were dead. And they feasted the [Knights] accordingly. Talia tried to smile as they gathered around, thanking her comrades. But her heart ached for Ser Eldein.
The one figure who stood alone was the Goblin Slayer. But the villagers knew him too. A dog barked furiously at the armored figure before the owner pulled him away.
“Sorry about that, Sir Slayer! So you got the Goblins and the Ogres? We’ll send word to the Adventurer’s Guild if we get a Runner sooner than you leave!”
“Some Goblins are left. I will finish them. Tonight.”
The Goblin Slayer’s voice was level. Talia eyed the angry dog. The man, the [Innkeeper], apologized.
“Sorry. Bessy smells the Goblins.”
“Perhaps a bath is in order, then?”
The other [Knights] looked anxious at the thought. They had cleaned off the worst of the gore, but their armor stank from sweat, entrails, and so on. The Goblin Slayer was the worst of the lot. The [Innkeeper] was only too happy to offer them baths. Talia accepted happily, but the Goblin Slayer shook his head. He grabbed a bucket and doused himself twice before beginning to rub dirt into his armor.
“Will you not drink with us, Sir Slayer? We will be toasting Ser Eldein into the night.”
“No. Sorry.”
The [Knights] sighed, but only Talia was truly disappointed. They began to tell the story of the battle and Ser Eldein to the villagers, and Talia and the female [Knights] followed the [Innkeeper]’s wife to the outdoor baths that were the pride of the inn.
“That Goblin Slayer is a truly odd character. But skilled. I wonder if he was a [Knight]. He spoke of loss. I think he is to Goblins what he claimed the survivors might become to Humans.”
Dame Chise spoke slowly as she shed her armor. Talia nodded. Dame Ingrela shook her head, eying the hot water with anticipation. She looked at the other female [Knights].
“An odd sort. But valiant. We might have taken more wounds from that club. As it was, we have lost yet another of our Order. Ser Eldein.”
“Too many. And yet, this is what it means to be a [Knight].”
Talia murmured. Her companions agreed. They lowered themselves into the hot water after scrubbing themselves with cold buckets, luxuriating in the steam. Talia looked skywards. Night had fallen.
“I hope Sir Slayer truly can dispose of a Goblin tribe alone, though.”
“With that axe and his skills? He might. But in truth, Dame Talia, I am relieved he did not allow Ser Lorell to order us to aid him. He may well fight any number of their warriors, but in the end, he will kill each Goblin in that tribe. And I have done so. They are children and mothers. It is not chivalry to do that.”
Dame Chise’s face was troubled. Talia looked at her and nodded slowly. She had never participated in an extermination of a Goblin tribe. Ingrela looked like she might object, but at last, she sank into the hot water up to her lips. Talia looked to the night sky and imagined the armored figure prowling the darkness. She thought of the intensity of his tone and shuddered.
