Interlude – Embria
Page 6
The table burst out into raucous laughter. Two of the male Drake [Captains] coughed as their morning tea went down the wrong tube. Pielt’s scales turned beet red. He opened his mouth to reply, and Embria decided it was time to cut short a potential argument. It was nearly time for her to go, anyways. She didn’t want to be late. So she put a snap into her tone as she stacked her cup on her plate.
“Lieutenant Kesa, stop impugning your commanding [Captain]’s authority. Captain Pielt, stop bringing up your failed attempts at romance. Find someone outside of the army or I’ll write you up for your inability to conduct interpersonal relationships.”
“Under what charge, Commander?”
The [Captain] looked hurt. Embria stared at him and replied, deadpan.
“Making me laugh my scales off.”
This time even Pielt joined in the laughter, and Embria considered it a job well done. She was standing back to bus her plates when Vell glanced up.
“You are one to talk, Commander.”
“What?”
Embria paused, one claw holding her plate. Captain Vell shrugged, looking apologetic.
“I’m just saying. I’ve heard your best, and Pielt’s a master [Seducer] compared to you. No offense to the class.”
“Oi, Vell. Commander Embria can’t be that bad.”
Another officer chortled. Vell only raised her brows. She looked teasingly at Embria and the Drake felt an ominous prickle on her back. She’d known Vell for years. Even so, she couldn’t just walk away after hearing that. Embria tossed her plate back on the table.
“My game’s better than Pielt. I can guarantee you that, Vell.”
“I’m wide open, Commander. Or Pielt is. Come on, give us your opening line. Say you spot someone handsome across the bar—not Pielt, for instance. What do you say/”
Suddenly it was Embria on the spot. And the Wing Commander couldn’t see a way out of it. Embarrassed, she cleared her throat. No problem. Casually, she walked over and put a hand on Pielt’s shoulder. She gave him a smile.
“Yo. Good looking. Are you part Selphid? Because I’d like you to get inside me tonight.”
Pielt stared up at her as if she were a Creler. Embria wavered. She looked around. The other officers weren’t laughing. They were just staring. Wikir reached for his cup and found it was empty. Mechanically, the Gnoll reached for a kettle and tried to fill his cup.
“You’d actually say that, Commander?”
“What’s wrong? Too forwards? Okay. Fine. How about this?”
Exasperated, Embria turned back to Pielt. He flinched as she leaned further down, treating him to another smile. Something charming, the kind of thing that would sweep him off his feet if Embria were interested in him.
“Hey there. Are you a Courier? Because you’ve been running through my mind ever since I laid eyes on you.”
She waited a beat. And then she winked. Pielt opened his mouth slightly. He gulped.
“I uh—wow, Commander. That’s…terrible.”
“What? No it’s not. ”
Embria looked around. No one else could meet her eyes, except Wikir. The tea cup he’d been filling from the kettle was slowly overflowing on the table. Embria stared at it.
“It’s not. Is it?”
Vell looked delighted. She gestured with a claw.
“One more. Come on, Commander.”
Embria hesitated. This time she abandoned the winking and just leaned on Pielt’s shoulder.
“You come from Salazsar? Because you’re a fine gem in my eyes.”
He froze. Just froze up in his seat. Embria searched his face for something, anything, then straightened. She glared around the room, daring anyone to say anything. They were silent.
“I’m going to take my day off. We’ll discuss this later, Captain Vell. The rest of you—you’ve got a job to do. Dismissed!”
