Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 40
She intended to send thousands.
“Are you going to the ‘new lands’ too?”
The other Goblin Lord laughed at this, and Greydath chuckled at his own joke.
“No. I may split them by continent. Each a tribe. Isn’t that why you came here? I felt the Goblin Lord of Izril rise and die in moments.”
…And like that, he wasn’t hungry anymore. Greydath tossed the bowl over his shoulder, and the cup followed.
Savage. Barbaric. You put plates and dishes away. But what did the Goblins of this island think of their cousins across the world? Greydath sneered.
“The last one called himself Reiss before he died.”
“Drake name.”
Izikere looked curious. Greydath nodded.
“He was a servant of a dead Human [Necromancer]. But he still became a Goblin Lord. He had a dream, to build a city of Goblins where they could live in peace.”
“Did he not know of the island?”
The blademaster sneered around at the island, and Izikere’s eyes glowed a bit brighter.
“If he did, I did not tell him. His dream sounded better. You could take a nation, secure it, and demand to be like the cloth-people. You would just have to risk your life.”
It was a challenge, an old argument, and the fundamental difference between the two. Izikere was the Guardian. She stayed here, like the last three Goblin Lords before her.
Greydath travelled continents abroad, alone. Seeking the next Goblin King.
Izikere took her time replying. She didn’t seem to need to drink nor eat, but the talking had clearly made her want to wet her mouth, so she inhaled a mist that drifted down before speaking.
“What then?”
“Hm?”
“We take a nation and do what? Scream out our voices to the world and say, ‘we are a people, we are kind, ignore the Goblin Kings’? Do you know what Demons do?”
The [Shaman] turned her head as if she could see across the world towards Rhir. Greydath, who had met Demons, spat.
“I know. Their [Diplomats] die in beds, in shadows. Everyone who listens dies. So? Is this easier?”
The Minotaur barrage had damaged the island. Nevermind the [Shamans] and [Druids] who could repair it. Nevermind that fewer Goblins had died than anyone could reasonably ask. They were still dead, and this conflict was yearly.
Greydath leaned forwards.
“You could throw yourself behind the next Goblin King. But it would take the island, everyone. Risk it all for…”
They had this argument almost every time he returned. Sixty years felt like six. Greydath stopped talking, because there was no point.
He saw the fear in her eyes. Izikere replied with a gaze that looked through him, not at him.
“It will change nothing. The battle is already lost. Or won—”
She held up a claw to forestall his snarl.
“—I will not destroy this island. You sneer at the villages.”
“You could build a city, here.”
He jabbed the plain soil. Izikere was no [Druid]. And even if she were, [Druids] could build wondrous cities. They could have at least put this floating island on some great animal, like a turtle. Or a sea-elephant. Or five sea-elephants on top of a turtle.
The [Shaman] laughed in his face. He had such stupid ideas.
“Cities alarm them. We are contained. We are the Minotaurs’ problem. You, Greydath, wish to destroy the greatest achievement of Goblins? No.”
His eyes narrowed. Greydath had no more cups or plates to break, so he dug a claw into the ground and picked up a handful of dirt.
