Interlude – Death and Stitches
Page 15
The Death of Chains, Czautha, queried her the moment she sensed Silvenia leaving the shores. She might be thinking Silvenia was doing something stupid, so the Death of Magic replied impatiently.
“Someone’s sent me mail.”
“Ah. Roshal?”
“If they are, I’ll send it back. It looks like…a bird? Interesting. Death magic. I’ll let you know.”
Neither she nor Czautha were nervous about a single spell coming Silvenia’s way. If one could kill the Death of Magic and if she couldn’t detect a trap—she was an idiot.
But she had to own, the strange bird made of ivory sections all patched together still made Silvenia blink. Not because it was indecipherable—she could clock the spellcaster as being well below her level.
No, because it was old and…odd. This kind of patchwork magic where you carved a bunch of tiny, intricate pieces to make a greater whole was efficient if you feared your creation might get damaged, but time-consuming. It spoke to her of old empires where you had a thousand apprentices doing Golem-work for a [Mage].
Or undead. And this thing was certainly undead-based…but again, it was sort of laughably wasteful. The ivory that made this bird had been taken from a high-level undead. Thousands of pieces.
So imagine destroying a Skeleton Lord and getting, oh, a hundred pieces per skull or maybe ten or less from a Skeleton Knight. That was how expensive this thousand-some piece jigsaw was. Someone had cannibalized a lot of undead. Silvenia thought it was an idiotic move for a [Necromancer]—but she had no insight into how a certain Necromancer didn’t really authorize someone smashing up his favorite undead for spell catalysts.
Anyways, Silvenia read a few more things. The bird had a lot of powerful spells that someone else had enchanted it with, but the basis of it was to seek and find and deliver a few bound vocalized words. It also had something odd in its mouth she wasn’t quite sure about, but if it were dangerous, it was in a weak vessel.
“Silvenia. Silvenia Ettertree.”
The bird was croaking. Silvenia crossed her arms and rolled her eyes. Someone at least knew her old name.
“Who sent you, little bird?”
“Message for Silvenia Ettertree.”
The bird’s rough caw and its flapping of wings as it sped towards her halted once the former [Archmage] came within range. Then it hovered, and another voice came out of its mouth.
“Hello, child. You are astonishing, a glimmering tear of wrath in this world of dust. You would have fit in my era and empire quite well.”
A woman’s voice, silky and smooth, came out of the beak. Silvenia’s smile grew wider with amusement—then it suddenly turned into a glare.
Child? The voice was complimentary—and condescending. The Death of Magic debated taking the bird apart to see who had made it and throwing a spell back, but she had to own, intrigue warred with irritation.
The Nerrhavia special. The bird went on, staring at her with two gemstone eyes.
“I am an ally. Or at least, more than most in this world. I have studied your Demons and you. You were not here when I was alive. So, I shall keep an open mind.”
“Oh, a ghost.”
The Death of Magic snapped her fingers. Now things were making sense. Either the speaker was a fool or she was dropping the right clues. She was disappointed—the little bird didn’t seem to have a two-way spell, which would have been a risk. It was just a recording.
“Will you do me a favor, Silvenia the Deathless? I shall, of course, repay it. My means are limited for now, but I have such things as even a ‘Deathless’ would want.”
