Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 23
“I, uh, offered to feed it if it told me its name, sir.”
“You asked its name.”
Sokkel’s voice was flat. He looked at Vess like the younger Drake was an idiot. The [Major] glared, mostly because the [Strategist] was ignoring him.
The mercenaries and Sokkel were not well-loved in the Alliance, for all they won battles. They were elitist, kept to themselves, and, Vess was sure, looked down on the Alliance. So Vess bristled.
“I was just hunting for information, sir. I got its name. It was holding up fingers. It even nods and shakes its head.”
“Fingers…interesting. And it can nod or shake its head?”
Sokkel rubbed at his chin. He still regarded Big Yam as if they were a load of idiots.
“You see? There’s valuable intelligence to be had. Our [Interrogators]…”
Sokkel interrupted the [Major] briskly.
“Call them off. Captain Yulre will arrive as soon as he can, and we’ll take the prisoner.”
“You can’t do that! It is the Alliance’s prisoner. We will share any intelligence—”
“How? By torturing the Antinium with hot pokers? Giving it [Detect Truth] spells? Refusing to feed it? Asking it its name? You’ve never dealt with Antinium as prisoners, have you?”
The [Strategist] was so contemptuous that all the others looked at him. He shook his head slowly.
“The Walled Cities captured countless Antinium during both Antinium Wars. They refused to talk under extreme duress. This one…”
He glanced at 53, and the Soldier clicked at him. Sokkel raised his brows.
“This might be different. That’s on us for not considering it.”
“Ah, so you admit you were wrong. Gratifying to hear for once! Our vaunted [Strategist] can make a mistake.”
The [Major] snapped back, clearly at the end of whatever issue he had with Sokkel himself. Sokkel’s flat glare made him back up.
“Yes, well. Courageous as your squad was for capturing the Antinium Soldier, [Major]…I very much doubt any other unit from a city would try that. Much less try to interrogate an Antinium Soldier. They can’t talk. They’re physically incapable of it.”
Vess’ mouth opened. The [Major] hesitated.
“…Oh.”
The look Sokkel gave him as he strode off to head off the [Interrogator] made Vess convinced that the [Strategist] had better not walk around Luldem’s camps at night, especially Big Yam, or he’d find out just how much they appreciated his attitude.
However, all this meant that 53 was now even more valuable, and the angry [Major] told Velden to guard him and wait…for the Gnoll [Spearmaster].
Apparently, he was on another battlefield, so it would be tomorrow when he arrived. Big Yam grumbled, but secretly, everyone probably hoped they’d have to guard the Soldier all the time. It beat fighting for sure.
“I’ll feed it.”
Vess announced after they had enjoyed their supper.
“It won’t die if it misses a meal…oh, fine.”
Grumpily, some of the squad watched as he approached. This time, Vess just pushed the tin over and saw the Soldier roll over and begin awkwardly eating out of the tin.
“What’s important about 53? Why did that [Strategist] kick up a fuss? You can’t answer, huh? Why are the Antinium fighting in Liscor’s war? Why are they attacking us?”
Vess squatted by the Soldier, and 53 looked up at him. His antennae waved vaguely, then he went back to picking out bits of sausage.
“You started this war! Why are you—”
Vess wanted to kick the Soldier and knew it would be like kicking a rock. The [Arcane Warrior] balled his claws into fists. He saw the Soldier look up from the tin and click at him.
Just once. The Soldier did it again as Vess jumped.
“Think it’s swearing at you? Go ahead and kick it; we won’t tell.”
