Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 26
“I don’t suggest you lose your command, [Sergeant]. I very much doubt I could compensate all of Luldem’s finest for the disgrace…but accidents happen. If, say, this Gnoll were to come tomorrow and find a Soldier in your command—tragically dead—he would be very upset. But if it were to have attacked you all, and you had to defend yourselves—”
“Velden, you can’t be thinking of this. We’ll be in so much trouble. The officers aren’t idiots—”
“Vess, shut up. I’m talking here.”
The [Sergeant] snapped at Vess. Cubol glanced over at Vess, and the Drake saw the [Slaver] smile.
“No, no. I realize I am asking a lot. Let me just…”
He leaned over and counted his coins. A flashing gemstone fell into his lap as he spilled more coins out.
“Gold is such a heavy thing to carry. But I find the value of certain objects is worth more. One must exchange them, but you can hide such things more easily. The worth of this opal, for instance…a hundred and fourteen gold coins.”
Big Yam stared at the shining gemstones with a core of glittering magic in each. Vess was transfixed as well—and he never realized that some of Big Yam were looking at him out of the corner of their eyes.
Cubol kept talking, and Vess realized too late that they should have called for a [Major] the moment he appeared. The moment he sat down, it had been too late. He realized the danger they were in as soon as Velden began asking where they might find a Soldier’s body, and someone got up.
He realized he was in danger far too late.
 
 
 
 
Crusader 53, [Maceman]
 
Crusader 53 was a Level 18 [Maceman]. And a Level 15 [Crusader]. There was a difference.
He liked to hit things.
It was not that he did not have wrath for Hectval, did not believe in Heaven, or did not weary at the horrors of war.
But he also liked to hit things.
Crusader 51 was different. He had liked bugs. He had been sad. Crusader 53 was also sad. Theophilus was dead. Jerimy was dead.
Hectval had to pay.
However, Crusader 53 had stayed with his squad. He had to. They needed him, someone who could hit people trying to kill them. Even angry little 57 and the others. Crusader 51 drew away because they died.
Crusader 53 tried to hug them with his two arms so they wouldn’t leave him again.
Now, he was going to die.
He knew it. It didn’t matter if it was ‘Vess’, the Drake with the wand, or this Cubol, or whomever was coming to interrogate him. He was dead.
It was fine. Crusader 53 had outlived everyone. Everyone except 51, and he was gone, now. He had seen Theophilus and the Painted Antinium and Jerimy die and…gone. 53 had seen something break.
 
——
 
He watched as the [Slaver] turned the squad. Convinced them to sell him. And kill Vess. Crusader 53 would have warned Vess if he had but words, but the younger Drake didn’t see it coming.
His [Sergeant] was no Calruz. Perhaps the older Drake might have stopped it, but the [Slaver] was smart. He had nearly convinced Big Yam, but for Vess, and he offered Velden a drink.
The Drake began getting drowsy at once. Maybe…some of the other [Soldiers] saw the powder one of Cubol’s bodyguards put into the cup for Velden.
But they never stopped him. They watched Vess as the [Arcane Warrior] shook Velden’s shoulder.
“I believe the [Sergeant] is tired. Do we have an accord?”
The [Slaver] rose, and Big Yam looked up. Vess rose too, a claw on his wand.
“You’ve poisoned him. You’re using some kind of charm on your ring. I’m not blind. I can see it. Everyone—”
