Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 39
Olesm was remarking to Belgrade. The [Tactician] nodded. It was clear Erin and Teriarch needed to settle this. One last win took all. But the Grand Magus had flipped the chess board after the first loss, and then proceeded to blast a table out of existence so thoroughly that even [Partial Reconstruction] wouldn’t salvage it. People were…concerned about a third loss.
But Erin was on fire. Almost literally. Her competitive spirit had been turned up by the only other player in this world who could match her. Teriarch was good. He didn’t play like her mysterious opponent; he was far more aggressive. She’d tried out-speeding him, but he’d taken her down effortlessly. He could process faster than even she could. But he grew overconfident. And that meant…
“One more game takes all. But we’re betting on this one. I won’t lose again!”
A roar came from across the room. Erin saw the half-Elf stalking back down the room. He wanted to put it all on the line. He passed through the crowd.
“Erin—maybe a bet’s a bad idea.”
“I dunno, Olesm. I’ve played for money before. What do you want to bet, Eldavin?”
The Dragon looked at her, snarling. He was tempted to say one million gold coins and be done with it! Reynold and Sacra were trying to drag him back, remind him to keep his cover. But he was too incensed. The Dragon’s head turned as he looked for things to bet.
The magic door? He had magic doors! Gold? She couldn’t match his bet! A magic sword? Hm. His eyes alit on Numbtongue’s sword. Bah, but it wasn’t valuable. He looked around.
And there was Xrn. The Centenium stared at the Dragon. Her interested yellow-and-rose eyes turned bright yellow. Orange. Shock. Alarm. The Dragon’s eyes widened.
He recoiled.
“You? What are—”
The Dragon’s anger turned to hostility at once. Grimalkin and Chaldion looked around. Saliss of Lights reached for his bag of holding. Xrn’s hand tightened on her staff. She looked around, unafraid of anyone. Wary of Saliss and Eldavin.
“Ratici. I think we might be earning our pay.”
Wilovan adjusted his cap, looking worried. He saw the Centenium shifting. And his [Dangersense] began going off.
Erin Solstice didn’t notice the ringing in her head at first. She was reaching into her pocket. He wanted a bet? She didn’t know if it was a good idea. But she had something to bet. Pelt was watching her.
The world was ready to change. But if you understood this moment, you know—it wasn’t about chess. Or Dragons. Or even Antinium.
It was about [Druids].
The first rolling drumbeat came from the roof of the inn. Soft. Then louder. Everyone in the inn looked up.
“What the…?”
Erin rose from her seat. She heard a thunderous beat. It shook through the entire inn. Everyone, the crowd, the guests—even the Dragon looked up.
Slowly, they came out of the inn. The sound was louder now. On the walls of Liscor, someone was shouting the Solstice-alarm. The Watch stared towards the inn. Towards the source of the sound.
Nalthaliarstrelous was banging his staff on the roof. Mrsha, standing next to Shassa and Lyonette and Bird, felt like the entire world was shaking.
“What’s happening? What is he doing?”
Lyonette was screaming at Shassa. The [Druid] shouted something back. But no one heard a thing.
“What?”
Lyonette screamed. Bird shouted.
“What?”
The Drake [Druid] screamed loud enough, even as the pounding grew louder.
“Challenging them!”
And then it was silent. Mrsha saw the [Druid] halt, his staff raised. She heard shouting from below, confused voices.
“#2, don’t make me come up there! We’re playing ch—”
