Interlude – Chocolate Alchemy
Page 13
“Gets them every time. Can I get you a chair? Sorry, I don’t have a chair in here. They tend to get destroyed. Well, everything does. Oop! My mixture’s nearly ready! One second!”
Saliss dashed back to the few objects on a steel counter. Erin saw a glowing liquid swirling under a purple flame…
“Hey! Is that my fire?”
“Yup! Happy fire! Don’t go out! Don’t go out! I just need a bit of heat!”
Saliss urgently prodded more tiny bits of charcoal into the purple flame. It was bubbling the flask on a stand. Erin looked about as Saliss thrust open a cupboard.
“Where’s my Wyvern eyes? Where are they? I have jars of them now, and there’s not one—aha! Gotcha!”
He yanked out a jar of…well, preserved Wyvern eyes. Erin stared as Saliss slammed the cupboard shut.
“Wouldn’t it be easier to have it all out in the open?”
“You think that, but no!”
Saliss pointed at Erin as he pulled an eye out of the jar. He grabbed a pair of tweezers and before Erin could process what he was doing, ripped the irises out. Erin made a sound as Saliss repeated the process.
“Oops, sorry. Might want to look away. It’s going to get gooey. I need a jar for the stuff. Can you open that cupboard—”
Erin did. Saliss took the jar and poured the rest of the eyes into it. Then he began to mash the pupils up. Just the Wyvern pupils. He swiftly added it to the glowing flask. Rather than change colors, Erin saw the liquid steam and begin to reduce at an alarming rate. Saliss cleaned the rest of the eyes up and returned to staring at the mixture. He was like a blur around Erin, never missing a beat even when juggling slippery eyes.
“Where was I? Oh yeah. Got to keep everything contained. When something explodes or turns into poison gas—and it does—anything that can react also does the same. I keep everything sorted and take out what I need. Don’t worry; this room could survive even that Wyvern Lord blasting it with frost! Probably! It can definitely withstand a [Siege Fireball], no problem. I had that tested.”
“What about us?”
Saliss glanced up.
“Well, I’m fine.”
Erin threw her hands up, alarmed.
“What about me?”
The Drake grinned.
“Don’t worry. This mixture won’t ever explode. The worst that’ll happen is that I have to toss it out. I wouldn’t put you at risk.”
That actually sounded reassuring. Erin relaxed as Saliss gestured to the shrinking liquid.
“Give me one second and I can bottle this. I just have to—yes! It’s doing it! You stupid little potion! Reduce! Reduce!”
He danced about, waving his arms and shouting at the potion. He looked—tired. For all he was dancing. And relieved, too. As the potion reduced, it stopped changing colors and became a bright silver. Like mercury, but clear, and with a faint aquamarine trace of color to it.
“Wonderful.”
Saliss had a little vial ready. He poured the liquid into it, stoppered it, and wiped at his brow. Without a word, he put the vial on the counter. And then he snatched it up and hurled it into one of the enchanted drawers.
“Take that! You do not get the best of me!”
Erin stared as the Drake ran over. The vial had landed, undamaged, and now the Drake began stomping on it. It didn’t shatter despite his blows, and Saliss threw it a few more times across the laboratory until he was satisfied. Then he picked up the enchanted glass vial and turned to Erin.
“Okay, I’m done. Let’s chat in the study room. I have a chair there.”
He ushered Erin out of the laboratory. Erin found herself sitting in a chair as Saliss lay on his back on the carpeted floor. Only then did she find her voice.
“What was that?”
