Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 6
“Ceria, I’ve told you about the Isles of Minos.”
“A bit—but not that much. You were always, ‘honor this’, ‘duty that’, ‘proper formation means we line up shoulder-to-shoulder and charge like idiots’. I’ve never talked to Minotaurs about their home casually before. Are they like your pets, Calruz?”
“You have pets?”
Venaz and Bezale were surprised. Calruz thought of his rats, in Selys’ care.
“Rats. A pair of them gifted to me.”
“Rats…interesting. Well, we would never keep rodents as pets. That would be entirely foolish.”
Venaz blinked, looking more surprised by this fact about Calruz than anything, even the Antinium. Bezale shuddered.
“Rats?”
“What, don’t you have rats? What about cats, dogs?”
Venaz frowned until he snapped his fingers.
“Some of both, although our pets are…hrm. Wait, don’t we have rodents as pets? Astelain.”
Bezale and Calruz had to think about it. Calruz turned to his friend and found she was looking at him with curiosity.
“…I suppose they’re rodents. Pets aren’t as common as they are in Liscor, Ceria. Some are shared and—well, the House of Minos doesn’t act as much of the world does. I know I’ve talked to you about that.”
“Yes…but we didn’t talk about our past as much. I never told you about the village, not exactly, and you were considerate. So you have pets. What’s an Astelain?”
Calruz hesitated and looked at Venaz, but Venaz was all too ready to share. And before they knew it, the three Minotaurs did what people from the same place, far abroad, did.
They talked of home to the other [Strategists], to the Beriad who clustered over with drinks in hand, and to Ceria. Home—the House of Minos.
A place like no other. Paradise, the only home of Minotaurs. Honor and duty. The Minotaur King.
But what did it look like? Well…Venaz took a long drink from a cup of water.
“What do you think the House of Minos looks like?”
Peki raised a winged hand eagerly.
“Hundreds, thousands of Minotaurs who train every day.”
After all, all three Minotaurs, even Bezale, a [Mage], looked like they were in the prime of physical acumen. Venaz looked at his companions, and his lips quirked.
 
——
 
In the House of Minos, the Minotaurs got up at the break of dawn and ran ten miles along the beach.
Some carried weights on their shoulders, rocks tied with string, or just ran in armor with weapons strapped to their backs. They shouted encouragement at each other.
Male, female, it didn’t matter. They ran in a furious, churning wave of muscle—and there was a lot of muscle. Anyone who stumbled, fell, or injured themselves pushed themselves back up and would have slapped a healing potion out of a hand offering it—then slapped the offerer.
Minotaurs didn’t need healing potions! 
Imagine…imagine a thousand Grimalkins, running down the beach, only with fur instead of scales. Sweat running down biceps, abs doing ab-like things. Gritted teeth, snorting pants as they finished their run and then began to eat.
Huge mouthfuls of grainy porridge, ostef, shoveled down so fast they barely tasted the fish and vegetables mixed in. Fish being the major protein source of an island nation.
Island, so the air was humid and the sea visible from almost every spot across the House of Minos. After all—it was an archipelago that the Minotaurs lived in, each island a different region. The central port and largest city was the capital from which the Minotaur King ruled. The harbors were not nearly as filled as many trade cities, but they did get fleets of mercantile ships, including this week.
