Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 4
By now, the class was calming down. The students who’d failed were resigned to their fate. It wasn’t a disgrace to fail in the Titan’s academy. In fact, everyone in the class had failed at least a dozen times. It was a lesson Niers wanted to hammer into the students he was teaching: failure was inevitable. You failed, and you learned from your mistakes. They were also used to his unusual punishments, and while they were certain the march would be deeply unpleasant, it was also what they’d signed up for.
“Alright! That’s all for today, my lovely students! The losers will take part in march next week; don’t worry, you don’t have to do anything but follow our [Soldiers]! Although with that said, you might want to prepare yourselves…”
Groans followed the Titan’s statement and he smiled. Perorn was waiting by the door and the students were packing up their notes, quills, ink, parchment or for the richer ones, paper, and looking expectant. Also—a bit nervous.
“Let’s see. No homework for today. Just be prepared to discuss your reports in your individual classes tomorrow. Oh, and one last thing.”
Niers looked up. His students stared at him as one. The Professor’s eyes twinkled and Perorn sighed again. Loudly.
“Umina?”
The Lizardgirl jumped. Behind her, Wil sat up in his chair. Suddenly, the attention of all the students in the room was fixed on Umina. She stuttered.
“Y-yes, Professor?”
Niers looked at her. He could practically hear her heart beating. He held the moment, smiling, and then nodded.
“Congratulations on your passing! But please, next time remember to put your name on your report?”
She turned bright red across her scales. The class exhaled; a few laughed, but mostly everyone just sighed. Niers smiled, leapt off his desk, and strode up the Fraerling-ways, the tunnels that ran the length of his citadel and were small enough for only his kind to pass through. He called out as he reached the door built into the side of the wall.
“Class dismissed!”
 
—-
 
The students dispersed in groups. They had circles of friends, or pairs, or some were alone, but most had groups. They ordered by age, personality, and class. This particular group were made up of Niers’ special class, his best students. They were varied in species, but they were friends.
More or less. Some, like Marian and Venaz, were more like rivals, or they didn’t get along, like Xelic and Kissilt. But they stayed together because they were friends of friends. Classmates. It was a powerful bond for all the time that they’d spent together.
It was another day in the Titan’s academy in the city of Elvallian, headquarters of the Forgotten Wing Company, one of the Four Great Companies. However, it wouldn’t be forever.
Summer was coming. And with it, a certain expectancy in the air. The students were groaning about the march, but not too hard. After all, soon most would leave for a while, and while it might seem odd, these students were passionate about their work. They liked being here, and they didn’t feel like leaving. But leave they would.
The Titan of Baleros believed in vacations. He gave his students time off to visit their families or return home during the summer and winter seasons—or when the Forgotten Wing Company was engaged in the business of war. His students enjoyed the breaks too by and large; it was good to go home. But the group leaving the hall now were quiet.
