Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 31
“I just wanted to…show people a statue. But I can’t even do that without nearly killing someone! And they won’t stay, and not everyone can see them. I have to let people into the garden just to…”
She sat down as Numbtongue got up and let Ulvama check him over. He didn’t remember what he saw. He didn’t—want to remember.
He wasn’t ready. Ulvama listened to Erin, more furious than ever because the [Innkeeper] kept surprising her. Did she know what she had nearly…?
Numbtongue wouldn’t have become a Goblin King. Ulvama was sure he had no capacity to do that. But Erin had triggered something. Something only Goblin [Shamans] were supposed to know, like the trick she’d taught Palt to wake Numbtongue up from his depression. How much did she know about…Goblins?
Erin bent down, feeling at Numbtongue’s forehead. She helped him up as he rubbed at his skull.
“Numbtongue? Are you alright? I’m so sorry—”
“What did he see?”
Ulvama seized Erin’s shoulder with one claw. The [Innkeeper] looked at her, glanced around the room at all the keen eyes, and hesitated only a second.
“…A clue to one of the world’s biggest mysteries. I think. But I didn’t realize they were part of it. Of course you are. I need—”
She bit her tongue.
“I need to speak to Rags. She can’t get here fast enough. Numbtongue, when she comes back…”
“Yeah. Let her. Not—not me. What was—who was—? Later.”
There was genuine fear in the [Bard]’s eyes. Ulvama looked at Numbtongue, then Erin.
“What was it? Tell me.”
She wanted to know. Wanted more than any jewel or artifact Tremborag’s people had fought over. Erin glanced at Ulvama.
“I could. But…are you part of the inn or a guest or what? Rags’ Goblin?”
Ulvama blinked at the keen look. The [Shaman] realized she was dropping her act and smiled widely.
“Me? Just [Shaman]. Very curious.”
Erin sighed.
“Uh huh. Well, when you want to choose—let me know. Or wait for Rags. Numbtongue, you don’t remember exactly?”
He shook his head. He was pushing away the memories. Erin bit her lip as she helped him into a chair. She turned and looked around.
“So what did he see?”
Menolit looked very curious. Erin threw up her hands in exasperation.
“I wish I could show them. Mrsha, you remember what you saw, unlike Numbtongue, right?”
The Gnoll nodded. She began to write, saw Peki and Merrik staring over her shoulder, and put down her quill and began to fire off middle fingers until Lyonette scolded her. Erin sat down.
“…I want a statue of them to last. I want—hey, who did that statue of Gresaria in First Landing? Could I, like, hire them to do some for me? I’d put them up in the inn. In the actual inn, or in Liscor if they’d let me. Can I donate statues to the city?”
Every head swung towards her, and Lyonette rolled her eyes.
“Hire the most high-level [Sculptor] in Izril? I don’t believe we can afford that, Erin. Do you know how much a sculpture costs? A good one? And you do need an expert.”
“Well, I—I know that! How much does it cost? But I want one. I’ll save up. Heck—if there was ever a favor I’d ask—it would be for a statue.”
Chaldion had no ears to perk up, but at least one other [Strategist] did. However, Erin was thinking. Lyonette pointed out the obvious again, too-patiently. She knew statues; Calanfer had lots.
“A [Sculptor] can’t design something they can’t see, Erin. Gresaria Wellfar is easy enough because there were paintings of her, but an [Artist] has to use their imagination or a reference.”
“I know. Does anyone have a [Sculptor] class in Liscor?”
Someone slithered forwards and cleared his throat.
