Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 15
Reinhart’s was twisting vines and a single flower—but the vines sometimes looked like snakes. More ornate versions of the sigil included falling petals. House Veltras, by contrast, was of a tree that a bow and lance had been placed against, leaning across the trunk. Like Reinhart, sometimes there were variations.
One of the sigils that Ryoka had seen in the keep had a tiny, tree-like figure half-hidden behind the tree and a Unicorn resting on the grass.
At any rate, she picked out House Reinhart’s sigil from one of the towers. It was…er…glowing. A hazy blue-grey light leaking from the crystalline heart of the tower. She pointed it out to Etril and Tyrion.
“Ah—is that a magical tower?”
Both men glanced over, and Tyrion grimaced.
“Tower Tuell. Reinhart. I believe it was first home to an [Archmage]. I don’t believe it is open for general visitation. I could petition House Reinhart to visit. However, not all their structures are…”
He looked at Etril for the right descriptor. The [Lord] raised one brow.
“Safe?”
Lord Pellmia frowned.
“Pleasant. Most of the greatest structures are ruled in some way by one of the Five Families, Ryoka. They were funded or claimed after their owners passed. Tower Tuell was a famous laboratory of magic. Now, I believe it fulfills many of Reinhart’s wants magically.”
“Such as?”
“Spying.”
Everyone in earshot chorused at once. Ryoka actually saw House Terland’s [Lady] smile, before hiding it behind the fan.
It seemed that the Five Families got along much like, well, an extended family. Grudges and prejudices. Ryoka turned back to the city—there was a huge crowd at the docks. And someone with a scrying orb. But they had moments to look while the shouting and swearing [Helmsman] brought them in and anchored.
The second thing Ryoka noticed was that the outer walls looked…odd. She pointed them out and saw that entire sections had been—vaporized. Blown in. An eighty-foot gap was visible from the harbor—but someone had erected a hazy barrier of light magic there. Other sections were covered with blooming vines and flowers.
“Was that from—?”
“The Second Antinium Wars. The Goblin King broke First Landing’s walls in many places. Those are the repairs. We have not commissioned finer.”
Tyrion’s face froze up again, and all the nobility fell silent. And again—Ryoka remembered that the Sacrifice of Roses had taken place here.
Classic Ryoka. However, Pellmia shook himself with a slight laugh.
“—We might as well replace all the walls, then! Those ‘repairs’ are stronger than the original, Ryoka. See the vines and plants? That was from the Crown of Flowers. They bloom with each season, flowers even in the winter. [Alchemists] love them.”
“People with pollen allergies hate them. Like me.”
Lord Swey announced, pinching his nose. Ryoka nodded slowly.
So even First Landing had seen foes to bring it to its knees in the modern era. And as if that thought heralded something else, Lord Tyrion calmly pointed to something close to the harbor. A black patch of street, a blasted building and rubble.
“There is the Assassin’s Guild. What remains of it. No more of them. No more rot within First Landing.”
Etril’s head rose, and his teeth bared. Ryoka looked at him, and then she saw that rubble and her skin crawled. The scars on her back itched.
There it was. No one had built over it. The Five Families had dug up the very firmament, ensuring no hidden passages or secret tunnels remained. Like a rat’s den, they had purged First Landing of the Assassin’s Guild.
