Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 18
The branding took a long time to heal. He was only given a tiny bit of potion. And it would not…heal. Not that. Not burns.
Igheriz was not just evil, Pisces realized. But truly mad. Eloque was proof of that. So was Pisces.
“He will kill you. Offend him three more times and you die. He does it, for [Slaves] who matter.”
Astotha took a bit of his pain, treated him. Pisces stared at his burned, raised flesh. Igheriz had…written his name there. Across his chest.
“Three more times? What can he do worse?”
He laughed, almost hysterically. Astotha stopped brushing a bit of potion onto him and looked at him.
“Pisces. That was only the first. The second time, he beats you to almost death. The third? He cuts off your balls. The fourth—he kills you. No matter who. You think he won’t do it? He will, even if the Naga wants you.”
The [Necromancer] looked up. Astotha stared at him, and then away.
“And you are his [Slave]?”
“I have no choice. He is fine if he is not angered. Well. Mostly.”
Pisces looked at her. Around the tent. He was developing a hatred for Chandrar he had never felt before, not for his father, not for anyone—no. Just Roshal. Just Igheriz.
The worst part was what the [Slave Master] had called his perversion of Eloque. Beautiful. As if he was making art. That was how he thought of it.
Art—Pisces fell into troubled dreams. Because he remembered true art.
 
—-
 
Her name was Gewilena. She was a [Necromancer]. No—she was different. She had a class, and it was [Artist of Bone].
She was the first person that the boy Pisces had met, one day after he’d run away from his training, sobbing and tired of learning the art of the sword. He’d met her in a forest and she’d been as terrified as he.
“Why—why are you upset, young man? You’re from the manor, aren’t you?”
Padurn Jealnet taught the rich scions of the noble family how to fence. Pisces stared at the woman, who was hiding something behind her back.
“My father’s the [Fencer] who teaches them. I hate him.”
“You hate your father? That’s…terrible. I didn’t expect to find anyone here, you know. Why, are the lessons hard?”
She edged back. She had been in a cave he had run into, thinking to hide here. It was clear of wildlife, but there was something…he tried to see.
“I’m better than everyone. Everyone but him, but he says I’m not good enough. I like magic more. The [Mage] teaches me, but he won’t let me learn. Who—who are you? What’s that?”
Gewilena froze. She was in her mid-thirties, though she had looked far older. Pisces would always remember her as being—furtive. Looking over her shoulder. She rarely relaxed, unless she was around him. Young and old. As innocent as could be, laughing, delighted, or older from what she had lived through. She had tried to block him, to destroy it—but he had seen.
An undead. But not like any undead he had ever seen, before or since. She had been working on a torso of bone, a creation. Her creations. She had even begun to paint it, having taken the bones from this cave to work.
Gewilena was a [Necromancer], but she created undead slower than even natural magic. She created…Pisces had fled the staring face, the alien structure. He had fled in a panic as she cried out for him not to tell anyone, that she wasn’t hurting anyone!
No being, not even Crelers or the most foreign monsters had ever looked like that to Pisces. It was what Erin or Ryoka would have called alien. He had run, accepted his punishment, and never breathed a word about Gewilena, although he had known what she was.
