Interlude – Dancing and Brawling
Page 9
She sat down heavily as that thought struck her, as it sometimes did. She’d left Mrsha behind. And yes, it was because Ryoka thought—no, she knew she brought death. Better for Mrsha to be safe…safer with Erin. But she should send a [Message]. Or perhaps it was best if Mrsha forgot all about Ryoka. After all, if she and Ryoka had never met…
“I’m a terrible person.”
Fierre noticed Ryoka’s suddenly despondent look. She hesitated, and then squatted down and laid a comforting hand on Ryoka’s shoulder. Since her hands were ice-cold, that really just made Ryoka shiver, but Fierre tried her best.
“Hey. You couldn’t ever be as bad as them.”
Ryoka paused.
“That’s true.”
 
—-
 
At the same time as the disappointing broadcast was taking place, another event was occurring. Only, no one was broadcasting this. And only a few were even aware of its existence.
In Pomle, the warriors gathered by the oasis. They did so seldom, save for when the Strongest of Pomle called them. For war, or momentous occasions.
Such as this. The [Martial Artists]—those who obeyed the call, some were simply loners—gathered. Some hadn’t seen each other in months. They trained as they pleased, lived as they pleased.
This was Pomle, one of the heights of the martial-arts in the entire world. And it had to be said, in a world like this, where magic swords and spellcraft were common, anyone willing to challenge that with their fists or bodies alone was brave indeed. The warriors had resisted all other nations, created a sanctuary where there were few rules.
You lived and did as you pleased here, so long as it fell within the basic rules of Pomle. The [Martial Artist] community would shelter people who had committed murder, so long as they did not break the peace here. And it was the Strongest of Pomle who enforced that rule and shaped the tiny nation.
At the moment, that person was Orjin. And he had allowed many outsiders in. Refugees, fleeing the war in Tiqr. Many had left, but a lot of non-warriors had created a small settlement. The [Martial Artists] weren’t happy about it—but neither were they unduly upset. The Strongest made the rules, until someone challenged him.
And this, at least, was something Pomle was used to. The [Martial Artists] had gathered for a fight. An organized one, but a fight nonetheless, and they’d honed their bodies—or brought weapons, if they had them.
Not all of them used bare hands of course. Orjin knew eight different weapons well enough to use in combat, and there were a number of experts, such as a [Peerless Spearmaster], a pair of [Fencers] in training, a retired [Assassin], and a few [Weapon Experts]. But most were [Martial Artists], albeit with unique specializations and variations of the class.
“Strongest. Who challenges Pomle today?”
“Visitors from afar. Two groups, I think. The regular ones and some…expert.”
The dark-skinned man answered a Selphid [Martial Artist]’s question. She nodded, looking intrigued. Her body was old, and would have been rotting but for the fact that it was desiccated.
She was the only Selphid in Pomle; few would have been able to survive given how hard it was to find new bodies regularly. As it was, her Skill allowed her body to move and keep active with minimal wear over the years.
She was one of Pomle’s masters. If there were many who came to Pomle to train, or learn, there had to be masters who wanted to teach, be alone, or perfect their craft. The Selphid was an expert in grappling. Orjin would rather jump into a nest of giant flame ants than let her get an arm around him.
