Interlude – Conversations
Page 25
Maughin, the Armorer of Pallass, sat in his private apartment. Jelaqua let her robe slip lower around her shoulders. She breathed, savoring the feeling in the nerves not rotted away.
“So…Maughin?”
“Yes?”
“I was thinking. We could do something really adventurous. Anything you want.”
“I see.”
The Dullahan’s face never changed. Jelaqua let the robes slip even lower. She whispered.
“And Maughin? Before I go after Mrsha, and risk my life? It’s been a long journey south and they’re still fighting over the Helm of Fire. But I never stopped thinking of you. And I would love to have something to remind you by. I even have a new Skill. So I would love for you to ask me to do anything, and I will. And then you can turn away from that piece of metal which you seem to care about more than me!”
She tore off her robes and stomped on them. Maughin jumped, and turned his head guiltily away from the Adamantium ingot. His body had been facing her, but he swiveled his head around just in time to see Jelaqua burst into tears.
“It’s over. I knew it was too good to be true!”
Faint green ran from her eyes and nose. Maughin reached out.
“What? Jelaqua, what do you mean? I just—look.”
He tried to show it to her. A tiny sliver of metal lay next to the block.
“It’s taken me two months, but I’ve not only figured out how to manipulate it, I think I’ve finally figured out how to heat it like Master Pelt. I’m inspecting the unique grain, you see; I managed to cut it yesterday. Well, not cut, but—”
“You care about a piece of metal more than me! Well, fine! She can be your partner!”
Jelaqua pointed at the block of metal. Maughin’s head slowly swung back and forth.
“Jelaqua, that is a block of Adamantium. It’s not you. I’m sorry, it’s just that Pelt gave it to me as a challenge. It’s a sign of deep respect. The challenge of my career.”
“Oh, fine then! Go marry the block of Adamantium and Pelt!”
Maughin’s mouth opened, but Jelaqua went on.
“I’ve been on the road, and fighting with idiots to make sure they don’t sell the Helm of Fire out from under the Horns! I nearly died at the Village of the Dead and I was waiting to meet you and you can’t even look at me!”
The Dullahan tried to apologize. Jelaqua refused to be consoled until he began to rectify his mistakes. And only then, after he quickly booked a restaurant, made arrangements, professed his deepest mistake—
And put a cloth over that damned block of metal.
 
——
 
Something was in the air. A familiar feeling. Pawn saw it ripple through Liscor on his way back. Someone had just arrived that made even the citizens look up and say, ‘what now?’
It was a feeling. A familiar feeling of excitement, confusion, and apprehension in the air. But perhaps it was a sign.
These days will come again. And the harbinger of them walked through Liscor’s door. What was the first thing she did? It was something that lived up to expectations.
To that name.
In Liscor, there was no embassy of the Antinium. Their representatives could be found in Yellow Splatters of the Watch, or Pawn, or a number of other people.
But, strangely, one of the voices of the Antinium, who actually fielded requests to talk with Silveran, this or that, had a shop next to the fairly empty street where the entrance to the Hive was. He got good foot traffic on top of the people who sought him out. Mainly because he was the only Antinium with a regular presence.
Also, you could not beat those prices. Although, as the sign said…
 
May contain insects.
 
