Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 55
What did a [Slaver] fear? This. The moment when they stared so deep into that darkness that it pulled them in.
The things at the ruined keep would not endure long, even if they could. Perhaps they might have collapsed, or spread outwards, bringing madness. Or changed yet further. Maybe they would have created a shadow of Riqre’s misery, so altered as they were.
But they never got a chance. As Igheriz and Hrome fled, both miraculously salvaging most of their caravans, the [Slave Masters] finally alerted Roshal to Riqre’s madness.
Roshal replied with full attention. From Lailight Scintillation, before anyone could learn of what had been unleashed, came [Slavers]. [Slave Masters] on carpets, with powerful servants and Djinni and artifacts.
They investigated the ruins. Captured what they wanted. Then—with spells and relics, they burned it to ash. All of it. Any of Riqre’s associates that had survived this moment?
They would be found and killed. Lest this return. Some things even Roshal did not countenance. That was the end of this tale of horror, which even in Chandrar’s many myths and fables, was only whispered of.
 
—-
 
They caught Pisces and Eloque after less than a day.
Igheriz rode down on the two himself. He laughed in delight to find Eloque alive, and Pisces heard her scream and regretted his words to her. He tried to attack, but could not.
A [Slave Lord] pointed down from a carpet. They had joined the hunt.
“Capture that [Slave].”
Two dozen [Mages] hit Pisces so hard it was over in a second, even as he tried to dodge. Pisces had failed.
He had tried everything to remove Eloque’s collar, knowing they would be tracked. He didn’t have the magic to break the enchantment. He couldn’t even fight back; he just saw the flash of magic and woke up two hours later.
They were captured again. The caravan resumed its course.
Not the same, of course. Igheriz and Hrome were changed by what they’d seen. They all were.
And yet, they continued to be [Slavers]. They never questioned what they did, only feared what Riqre had shown them. They had seen every conclusion to the path they took and still they didn’t turn away.
That was when Pisces knew there was no redemption here. He planned his escape in earnest.
The first time, he failed.
 
—-
 
Of all those who had survived Riqre’s madness, it seemed wrong more [Guards] than [Slaves] should have lived. But they had weapons and weren’t in cells where they could be butchered.
It was also wrong to say that none of Riqre’s people had made it out. That was the official line. Yet a few had fled.
His [Slaves]. A handful of [Guards]. Among them…
Tenir. The man had followed Igheriz out, even saved the [Slave Master]’s life. For that reason, and his shorthanded caravan, Igheriz let him stay. He probably had every intention of replacing him at the next city, but he wanted to make as fast a pace away as possible.
That Tenir was allowed to live after everyone had seen what he had done was due as much to the man’s levels as the fact that the [Guards] were so few in number. He was still dangerous.
Still insane. He thought the monsters who had come out of the basement were some kind of underground horrors. He didn’t understand—refused to let himself realize what they really were.
Pisces watched him. Igheriz had said no one would lay a finger on the [Slaves], and Tenir had agreed, too shaken to act like normal anyways. But what did that mean?
Absolutely nothing. Riqre’s madness lingered.
