Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 16
Numbtongue nodded eagerly. He beckoned to Yellow Splatters and Erin pushed her way towards the magic door. Lyonette looked anxious as Erin changed the door, let the Hobgoblin and Antinium through, and then came back.
“You’re sure that’s fine, Erin? Shouldn’t one of us go with them? Or at least, one of the Horns?”
“It’s fine. It’s just Octavia. Numbtongue promised to stay in her shop. And I’ll head over as soon as I finish setting up the fondue. Relc’s gonna love this. Hey, Relc!”
Erin waved and turned. It was just five minutes. Ten or fifteen at most. She’d be over as soon as she finished melting the cheese in the big pot. Pisces was providing the flame and Erin had already equipped Mrsha, Ceria, and Yvlon and Ksmvr with some long forks to dip sausage into the cheesy goodness. Relc was beaming as he rushed over with Embria following, and Erin was smiling too. She’d introduce the wonders of fondue to the inn, then pop over to Stitchworks and…deal with Octavia for a bit.
It never occurred to her to worry. Right up until her [Dangersense] started going off, that was.
 
—-
 
It was past lunch in Celum. And Stitchworks, the [Alchemist]’s shop owned by Octavia Cotton was not open. It was still closed, despite the [Alchemist] being awake. She sat in her shop, and for once, she was too tired to make a sale.
She knew she had to. The day’s payment had been twelve silver. More than half a gold coin! For an [Alchemist], it was doable. But Octavia had to sell, and sell well to get ahead of that. Let alone make money.
“But what’s the point? I might as well pack up rather than keep on here.”
Dully, Octavia stared at her racks of potions. The magical glow they gave off was usually enough to cheer her up. But today the colors just looked pale. Fake. Octavia was an [Alchemist]. She could see the low quality of her own potions.
She used to think she made up for quality with quantity, an affordable margin for both her customers and herself. She’d liked to imagine she was making her mark in Izril, despite the competition. Today? She wished she’d never left Chandrar.
Octavia stared at her potions. Then she stared out the boarded-up window of her shop. There were slits between the imperfect covering, but the pane of glass in her door also gave her a view of the street. She could see them, out there. They were watching her.
The [Alchemist]’s eyes flicked to her shelves. To the door. Then to another door, set in the back of her shop. It was a magic door. Or at least, the mana stone glittering in the doorframe was. But if Octavia opened the door, it would just reveal a wall. It wasn’t connected to Liscor at the moment. So she couldn’t just run through with all her gold and potions.
And even if she could, then what? Octavia shook her head. Assume she could get her gold, her equipment, and all her ingredients and wares through. She was still out the cost of her shop. Not to mention she’d have to set up in Liscor. If they even accepted String People. And would Erin let Octavia stay? Or—if Octavia opened the door and asked, begged for help…
No. Octavia shook her head and slowly got up. She went over to her shop sign and slowly changed it. Erin wasn’t going to come to her rescue. She, Octavia, had given up on the thought. Why ask? Octavia hadn’t gotten anyone she knew to slow down and hear her out. Bad pitches, bad timing…it didn’t matter. She knew all the Gold-rank teams had left Erin’s inn anyways. And who would answer her call if she did ask? Erin? That small Gnoll, Mrsha? Lyonette? The Horns?
“Say they did take care of…”
