Interlude – Queens and Dragons
Page 3
The magical mirror that the Free Queen had recently been delivered was glowing again. But instead of the Grand Queen—Garry and the Free Queen saw a shadowed cavern. A dark form, moving amid the shade of her hive.
The Silent Queen had always been quiet. But now she had embraced her Hive’s perceived role. And she’d scared the daylights out of the Free Queen—who had not seen daylight herself in over a decade. The Free Queen looked around. Put out, she stared at her food lying in the dirt that Garry had worked so hard on, then at the Silent Queen.
“Silent Queen. Greetings. What is the meaning of your communication? I have not received one since the siege at Liscor.”
The Silent Queen ignored the question. Her antennae waved restlessly as she opened and closed her mandibles. She was smallest of the Queens, and most timid, despite her genius at shaping Antinium. Normally she was quiet, except in matters that regarded shaping Antinium. But today she was agitated.
“Lack of proper digestive fluids was not an oversight. You claimed to be redesigning the Soldier/Worker forms. Is this another aberrative innovation you have not shared with the other Hives? That is in violation of the Grand Queen’s orders.”
“I do not understand—”
The Free Queen stared blankly at the Silent Queen. Then she realized the other Queen had been listening in.
“—That was a passing thought. Silent Queen, as the Grand Queen ordered, I have been forbidden from experimenting with new Antinium forms.”
But she’d done it anyways, with Klbkch and Yellow Splatters. She’d just lacked the resources the other Queens had to engineer their new Antinium. The Silent Queen stared at the Free Queen.
“I have witnessed your new Prognugator. Optical enhancements? Muscular coordination? You did not communicate your breakthrough. I have shared all—all improvements to base Worker/Soldier forms.”
“Bird? He is not a Prognugator. Silent Queen, I have been chastised by the Grand Queen, but that incident was an accident—”
The Silent Queen stared at the Free Queen. She glanced around and the Free Queen saw the darkness rustle. The Silent Queen’s camouflaged attendants moved, and the darkness shifted.
“If you do not wish to share the designs of your new Bird-Prognugator, perhaps a trade can be effected? I did not wish to offend with the delegation. Now a passageway has been effected, I will send a Prognugator. Two. We must communicate. The evolution of the Antinium cannot be personal, Free Queen. Infighting has only weakened the other Hives.”
The Free Queen was very confused. And she was certain the Silent Queen was misunderstanding basically everything.
“Infighting?  Silent Queen, as I said to the Grand Queen—”
The other Queen twitched.
“Yes. Yes. Your communication of ordinary Worker slaying Wyverns with physical manipulation of a bow is understood. I will send a Prognugator. Would that be acceptable?”
She was very agitated. The Free Queen remembered—they had been the students of Bessachidia, and thus responsible for remaking the Antinium Workers and Soldiers. The Silent Queen had been better, which was hard to admit, but she had been as conscious of her inability as the Free Queen compared to a proper Shaper Queen. Now…what was she thinking?
The Free Queen was still a Queen. Her mind could perform on multiple levels, manage a Hive and thousands of Antinium at once. She had been designed for it. Now, her multiple levels of consideration made her open her mandibles slowly.
“I…will accept an envoy. And I regard the advancement of the Antinium as vital, Silent Queen. Let us discuss advancements.”
