Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 6
Garry quite enjoyed taking orders. He had begun offering birthday cakes to his regulars, which mystified some people, because the rare confectionary, even in Liscor, was something Garry had no problem making. Nor did he count the cost in sugar, and again, his budget was backed by the Free Queen.
He thought of his stall, in fact, like Erin’s inn. Garry hadn’t realized it at first, but Hisnis was like…Garry had been to Erin. Sometimes you needed somewhere to eat food and not be worried about Mister Soot’s minions or whomever was in charge now.
Garry’s shop was right outside the Free Antinium’s Hive. He didn’t have a problem with crime. Crime had a problem with eighteen Soldiers who would charge out of their Hive. Garry had begun adding seats, and the scrying orb kept his crowd busy.
“Does anyone have a special order for tomorrow? I am going to order from Miss Krshia, and if she is to send a Street Runner to Invrisil, I must know now.”
The new cities had really opened up Garry’s markets. He listened as a Drake boy shyly asked if Garry could make something special for a Level 10 celebration and decided he’d make a variation on Erin’s bisque, perhaps. He ran it past the Drake boy and sighed.
“…Lobster bisque? They are very socially acceptable water-borne insects. No? A cake? A lobster cake? No? Just a sweet cake. Very well.”
He wrote down the order and happily went to order some food. Garry was glad Erin was having so much fun on the scrying orb. What he didn’t realize was that if she had knowledge of his humble stall, she would have been quite, quite proud of him.
But that was the city of Liscor. It was changing, and Garry, more than Erin or Lyonette or even Relc and Klbkch, could see how much it was changing.
 
——
 
The Antinium Worker trundling around the city with a basket and a list of groceries for Krshia’s shop, dubbed the Silverfang Emporium since she was so busy she could seldom run it—and hadn’t been in Liscor for months—was not an unfamiliar sight to Liscor.
Antinium had been in the city for over a decade now, but their role was changing.
Selys’ grandmother, Tekshia Shivertail, often sat with some veterans and old Drakes and sipped spicy tea in the morning. It was a bunch of grousing old scaleheads who complained and argued.
Funny. When they’d first started getting together, they didn’t play chess, but cards. And whenever one of them saw Antinium, they’d spit or argue about the decision to let them in. In those days, Workers moved around in a group and often out of sight, at night.
After that, Senior Guardsman Klbkch had started his routine, and people would stop him just to hear an Antinium—the Slayer—talk. But after he’d captured a [Killer] on the streets and slain several monsters on patrols, and after years, he’d actually been a welcome sight, especially if you wanted a competent [Guardsman].
Later…the patrols had started, and everyone would clear the streets when they came by. Tekshia was just one of the Drakes staring at the Antinium show of force…until she noticed one with Yellow Splatters and saw more colors day by day.
Then Hectval. Then the siege and so much more.
These days, the Antinium marching by the Drakes sipping tea was how they started their day, and if they didn’t march by exactly at half-past six, the group would be off-kilter for the rest of the morning.
“Where’s the gemstone fellow? I told you to bring that one. The one with the gemstone on his forehead.”
One of the Drakes harangued the patrol leader as they passed. He was being crotchety, but the Worker turned and actually spoke.
