Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 24
The gang stared at their friend as he fell. They listened to the sound he made as he landed. He didn’t move. Yellow Splatters looked around and his mandibles opened wide. His deep voice boomed as Numbtongue set himself behind the Antinium.
“Flee. Or stand and suffer.”
The Humans wavered. They looked up at him. A giant, a black-brown insect from the nightmares of Rhir. A Soldier. And behind him, a monster with glowing red eyes that grinned.
Goblins and Antinium really didn’t count cost. Erin had never counted the cost of kindness. You did what you did. And that usually involved hitting things.
Numbtongue and Yellow Splatters charged with a roar that shook the street. Two against thirteen. The Hobgoblin leapt and kicked a man in the chest, ignoring the sword that slashed at his side. His blood hit the street as he and the man fell. The Human reached for the sword—Numbtongue kicked him in the face as hard as he could. The man’s head snapped back and made a gurgling sound. But it wasn’t enough to kill. Numbtongue saw a confusion of legs as he rolled.
Up. He had to get—someone rammed into him from the side, a knife stabbing. Numbtongue felt it hit his gut twice. He sucked in, but the pain wasn’t even registering. And to the woman’s horror, he caught the bloody knife with one claw, ignoring the way it cut his palm. He tightened his grip as she tried to pull away.
“Dull.”
Numbtongue informed her before he put a thumb in her eye. Screaming, the woman let go and Numbtongue tossed the knife aside. Any blade he could grab that hard without losing his fingers was dull. It had still gotten his stomach. The Hobgoblin reached for his belt and saw someone swinging at his chest. He raised an arm and felt the impact as a [Highwayman] hit him with a cudgel. The man gaped and Numbtongue kicked him in the groin as he grabbed a potion. It was a winning tactic.
The Hobgoblin didn’t bother to uncork the vial. He tossed it into his mouth and chomped. Shards of glass splintered, cutting his mouth, but the cuts began to heal as the potion flowed down his mouth. Carefully, looking around, Numbtongue held the shards with his tongue and spat them in the face of the next Human he saw.
This was a fight. This was a fight!  The Humans were everywhere. And though they outnumbered Numbtongue, he was not alone. Behind him, Yellow Splatters had his back to Octavia’s shop. He looked around as six Humans came at him at once. A man stabbed at him with a long-handled knife and the blade sunk into the [Sergeant]’s carapace. A few inches. Then the poor metal snapped.
Casually, Yellow Splatters backhanded the man with one of his four arms. Then he turned as another man charged him with a yell. The Soldier swung left with two arms into a man’s chest and stomach, and then left, hitting a woman across her scarred face and belly. Both Human’s bodies made dull, heavy sounds and their feet left the ground. When they landed they crumpled into heaps.
“[Power Strike]!”
Someone struck Yellow Splatters from behind. This time the Soldier’s carapace cracked as a fellow with brass knuckles delivered two powerful blows into his back. But aside from a green trickle that began to run from the cracked spots, the Soldier barely staggered. The [Brawler] paled as Yellow Splatters turned.
“Five Families save—”
All four of Yellow Splatter’s arms shot out. Two grabbed the [Brawler]’s fists. The other two began battering the man in the face and chest. After five seconds, Yellow Splatters let go. He turned around and the other Humans backed up.
“Antinium.”
