Interlude – The Great Race
Page 16
Lism stood with his [Councilmember] robes next to Krshia Silverfang, hand raised to shake…the first Drake rattling a tambourine? A young man whirling an empty sling? Olesm had written to him about Yolden, but he had left out the details.
 
“They’ve got crossbows, bows, wands, and swords
But so long as it comes from overhead I won’t feel a thing
So I’ll keep a helmet on my head and breakfast in my pack
For music I’ll toss a stone and hear their helmets ring!”
 
There was only one thought in Lism’s head when he saw the conflagration descending on Liscor. It was a mix of chagrin and a realization—
Liscor needed an anthem.
 
——
 
This was news. Ryoka Griffin realized she was staring at the scrying orb with the rest of the nobility. Some of the Five Families looked horrified or amused or both.
In fact, while not everyone would see this live—any number of important people would watch the Yoldenites’ entrance into Liscor.
There was just something…purely cultural about them. Something unique. And yes, you could be mean about it.
Or good-spirited. Or both. For instance, the King of Destruction, that conqueror of an entire continent, nearly met his end this day. He laughed so hard he actually cracked two ribs.
 
“They’ve got [Archmages] and they’ve got Named-ranks. 
They’ll set them at our flanks, but so long as I’ve got a rock we’ll be fine.”
 
However…Ryoka Griffin saw someone tapping their foot and nodding to the song. Lady Buscrei was listening appreciatively, and Ryoka realized—this was her kind of music. Hells, the Yoldenites might be her kind of people.
They entered Liscor like a musical storm and a single song.
 
“Send a catapult or bring a hundred mauls
You’ll never get past Big Wall
Yayde Re, keep your helmet on your head!”
 
Proud as could be. Which, to be fair, was far beyond Ryoka as an entire people. If you were going to enter a city, well.
The Yoldenites certainly had style.
 
——
 
“Donei! What a city! Hoi there, are you Commander Olesm’s uncle? I told him we’d be by to visit now we’ve got Hectval running tail-first!”
A Drake officer swung herself out of her saddle as a crowd gathered. It was impossible not to gather. Even if you just wanted to stare. And many people, like Temile, were just watching. The [Manager] was taking notes as fast as he could, and since he didn’t have parchment, he was writing on his arms and shirt.
At this, Lism finally managed to smile. He reached out, and a beaming young woman took his clawed hand and pumped it up and down.
“Oh. Yes. Councilmember Lism at your service. And you are…?”
“Captain Voita! Ah, doine! It’s [Major] Voita! Yayde Re, Councilmember! Hey there! It’s the Councilmember of Lism, and he’s not an egghead! Get over here, you lot!”
She said the word again. Then three dozen Drakes were lining up to shake his hand.
“How do you do? Yayde Re, Councilmember! I’m a [Mayor] myself. Lemel.”
A [Mayor]? Then he was like a city governor! Lism turned to the Drake who was in charge of Yolden’s city—but an older Drake with bright silver scales, a rarity, elbowed him aside.
“I’m [Mayor] Brieese!”
“Another [Mayor]? Er—”
“Hold on—[Mayor] Zollost here! Hello, Miss Gnoll! Who’re you? Doine, look at all the Humans and Gnolls here! That [Commander] didn’t exaggerate, did he? And look! An Antinium!”
“How many [Mayors] do you have in your city?”
Lism exploded until he realized his mistake. The Yoldenites practically fell off their ponies howling with laughter as they dismounted. Voita grinned.
“Good one! Big Wall’s got tons of towns behind it. And we all wanted a place to visit Liscor!”
