Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 15
But most of the room looked like an office. Scrolls of parchment, velum, sheaves of paper, were organized on the desks and tables meant for regular-sized people.
This was a private room. But the bed, the chairs, and all the comforts of home could fit on one single table in the center. They’d been pushed to one side today, however, the little magical chessboard, his wardrobe—everything neatly tidied to a corner. On the table sat large bowls full of snacks. Several bottles that were giant compared to the tiny furniture. The glowing light orb.
And standing amid the dishes, smiling, was the Titan of Baleros. He too was dressed for the occasion in colorful clothing. He even had a hat with a feather. He swept Umina and Wil a bow, taking the hat from his head.
“Welcome!”
“Professor.”
Umina exhaled in exasperation and wonder. Wil just sighed in relief. Niers Astoragon’s eyes twinkled as he straightened.
“Come in, both of you. Sit, sit! And you can relax. That was the last test, I promise. Fraerling’s honor.”
Warily, not believing him for a moment, the two entered the room. They couldn’t help but stare around at the shelves full of documents, the tiny possessions next to the huge furniture. This was a Fraerling’s room. They had never seen one before; few of the small folk ever ventured into society at large. Fraerling villages were hidden. Umina almost wanted to giggle as she saw the Titan’s bed. She could pick it up, or hide it under a hat! But then she saw him sitting there and froze up.
Wil approached the table. There were two chairs at opposite ends. The Titan had one on the table itself. The [Lord] looked at the snacks and drinks.
“Is this—a meal, Professor?”
The Fraerling shrugged. He ushered Wil to one side, Umina to the other. He was smiling, looking as pleased and relaxed as they’d ever seen him.
“Drinks, really. But if you want anything else, I’ll have someone make it. Come now, sit! I told you, the tests are over.”
“Really, Professor? You had us ask you this morning. And now the door?”
Umina sat cautiously. The chair was lovely and comfortable and she practically sank into it. Wil did the same, but he sat upright, nervous. The Titan sighed, but his eyes twinkled.
“It was rather cruel of me. But I couldn’t help it. You do have to learn how to speak to your superiors. A [Strategist] must be able to overrule a [King] if need be. Nevertheless, I apologize. And I do promise that was the last of it. You’re here! Sit down. Take a bite of something. Relax. You’ve done it.”
So saying, he sat down and snagged a date. It was comically huge compared to him, but the Titan, undeterred, simply pulled out a sword and sliced off a hand-sized chunk. He laughed at the expression on Umina and Wil’s face.
“I seldom eat with you all. But believe me, Fraerlings can eat quite a lot! It still makes feeding us ludicrously cheap. Not to mention alcohol! Help yourselves. If you’d like a drink, you’ll have to pour. It makes me a poor host, but at least I can serve myself.”
He had a thimble-sized cup, and Umina was tickled beyond belief to see that each bottle had a tiny valve attached to it! Like a keg’s spigot! They were made of metal and the Titan strode over to one and casually filled his cup.
“Professor, is that…?”
The Titan’s eyes twinkled.
