Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 23
“Here. For you.”
He offered her an emerald orb. So exquisitely clear and perfectly shaped by Pyrite’s techniques that it made even Altestiel do a double-take. A marble of emerald, in which were caught only two imperfections; a tiny bit of amber and a gap of air.
It glittered in the sunlight speckled with rain, a prism of its own. Erin oohed.
“That’s so nice, Numbtongue. But it’s too much. Really—”
“Do you like it?”
Erin hesitated. Badarrow and Snapjaw, the cheering squad, were silently nodding their heads. Be honest.
“Yes, but—”
“Take it.”
The Hobgoblin put it into her hands and closed her hand on it. Erin looked at the gem. It really was a Hobgoblin’s gift. Both worth something—and useless. A shiny trinket. Good for adventurer bait.
Then she looked up at him and realized what it meant. She looked at Garry. At Olesm, inching over. Dawil coughed.
“A token of my affection, Miss Solstice?”
He offered her the alcohol. Erin stared at it. Then at the Dwarf. Falene had her head in her hands.
“Dawil! When did you get here?”
“Just an hour ago. May I offer you my sincerest compliments, Miss Solstice?”
Altestiel looked like he was unsure of whether to laugh or take this seriously. Erin too. But then she looked around and realized—
But for Dawil, they were serious. Her smile faded. Her blood pressure went up.
And she noticed Palt wasn’t joining in. Montressa listened to the swearing and clattering on the stairs and smiled.
“Well done, donkey.”
 
—-
 
What did they see in her? Why had the Centaur stopped pressing his suit? Perhaps…because he saw something. Sensed he might fail? Or realized there was something better?
You would have to ask him why. It could be, simply, that when the chips were down, the stakes raised, he realized he liked the idea of Erin more than the person. Especially since the [Innkeeper] had a standing policy against cigars and smoke. And she cooked garbage food.
Or something else entirely. Yet if he was one—why the Earl? What did he see? He could have courted any [Lady] or even royalty across the world. Beautiful women. Intelligent geniuses.
Why her?
It was like some kind of comedy. Or—alternatively—a standard event in The Wandering Inn. But Strategist Kiish couldn’t believe her reality.
She…had her history with the Earl Altestiel, her sovereign [Lord]. That was not unrelated, but Kiish had made her peace with it. Even so—
“Mm. Nice crepe mixture. You um—you—you sure you don’t need a hand? Guys?”
Erin smelled the sizzling crepes she was making for lunch. She saw Garry insert a spatula and flip the nearly-done one over. The delightful sizzle was accompanied by a plop as Olesm dropped his.
Numbtongue peered at his batter suspiciously. The Earl was determinedly ladling a portion onto his pan.
“I’m quite engaged. But could you show me how you’re supposed to cook this, Miss Solstice?”
“S-sure?”
They were making food. Garry had, by a reasonable argument involving food, gotten Erin into the kitchen. She had accepted, if only to escape the rush of suitors and buy time.
…They had followed her in and were ‘helping’ make lunch. Erin’s skin was prickling. This wasn’t like normal. They were serious.
“Bacon crepes.”
Dawil happily adjusted his pan as he stood on the stool. His crepes had tiny bits of bacon in them. Erin eyed him.
“Yeah. Good for you, Dawil.”
She looked at Altestiel. The Earl seemed to be having fun. That was the weird thing. He winked at her as he saw her expression.
“This is quite fun. Kiish and my people won’t let me so much as touch a pan. I’ve never actually learned how to cook. Am I doing it right?”
