Interlude – Burning Alcohol
Page 6
Six seconds. And Erin had known where Palt was, even appeared right behind him in the kitchen along an empty wall. She stood there silently as Palt turned, and stowed her knife.
The Centaur was humming to himself as he flipped a crepe. He turned, spotted her, shouted.
“Aah! Erin, don’t do that to me! Mrsha’s bad enough with that damn Garden! I don’t need two [Panic] spells on my tail!”
The [Illusionist] clutched at his chest. For someone in the Ullsinoi faction and a huge horse-man, he was very sensitive to scares. Mrsha loved Palt for that reason, although Erin had told her not to get near his hooves.
But then, Centaurs were apparently prone to frights, like horses. And Erin supposed being around a faction of Wistram’s worst tricksters and pranksters did things to your psyche. She waved at him, smiling.
“What? I walked in ages ago. You didn’t hear me. Nice crepes.”
“What? Oh—well, I get absorbed in my cooking. Thank you. One of your guests ordered it, and I decided to make some for myself. That’s alright, isn’t it?”
Palt blushed. Erin waved an airy hand.
“What? Sure! Like I said, thanks for helping out. Uh, I think your crepes are burning.”
“Horseflies!”
Well, that worked.
“Fire, next.”
Erin mumbled to herself as Palt salvaged his crepes. The Centaur turned, sucking on a burned finger.
“Excuse me?”
“I think that stove’s a bit hot. It’s still running on fire; I should really pay for those heating runes.”
She gave him a cheerful smile. The Centaur nodded.
“True, but that’s no excuse on my side. Speaking of which, I know you’re extremely busy, but if I could borrow you for just a minute, Erin?”
He looked ready to plead, but Erin nodded. She had been expecting this too.
“Sure thing.”
The Centaur looked surprised, but he trotted into the common room hurriedly after Erin.
“Maybe in a private room? It is about the sensitive issues.”
“Right.”
 
—-
 
The Centaur ate from his slightly burned crepes in one of the private rooms. Well, the last one left; the other two were now in Octavia’s storage and the lifting room. There was a neat little table in here and chairs, and Erin waited as he tapped his fingers together.
“Well, Erin. About yesterday. I uh, know you don’t like these questions, but the Elusive Lot got wind of the broadcast Magus Grimalkin put out. I know, I know, spying, but it’s an open secret with these kind of things. Er, and since it doesn’t seem to be a huge imposition and you’ve told Magus Grimalkin—”
“You want to know about the weight training.”
Palt paused.
“We’d like to compensate you. Obviously, I don’t have anything planned, but as I said, we’re making this an exchange, Erin. And favor’s the real currency with a lot of these—”
“Fine.”
Erin pretended to sigh, but only mildly. She eyed Palt as he paused.
“You’ll do it?”
“Yep. Okay, you win. Lifting. I’ll give you the details. But it’s just…I dunno, muscle stuff. Does your faction really want that?”
Palt gave Erin a long look.
“Erin, you heard Magus Grimalkin. This is valuable information. Yes, absolutely. Anything you can tell us specifically about it we’ll take, even if it’s already being disseminated.”
Fair enough. Erin had, in fact, already done the calculation of risks in telling Palt. And she’d concluded that if none of the Earthers in Wistram Academy knew more than she did about strength training, it would be a strange thing indeed. So she nodded.
“Sure. It might take a while since I’m not an expert…and I never really did it, but let me tell you everything. Which you’re not going to tell anyone but the Elusive Lot, right?”
