Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 33
Each [Soldier] had a reason to be here. Sometimes it wasn’t much of a reason beyond ‘getting paid’, or that they didn’t know what else to do.
Sometimes it was a reason that had roots back to the inn. Artur kept repeating his news, because [Soldiers] asked and Kerone prompted him to.
“Corusdeer steak…a victory on our left. Yes, I believe they will soon become regular rations as Commander Olesm did not want them to go bad.”
That cheered them up. In that sense, the Antinium and Liscor’s soldiers were alike. Good food…just saying it made them smile, as if it were as large as a victory. Artur’s feet hurt from walking.
 
[Flag Bearer Level 12!]
 
——
 
He saw two battles under Ramia’s command and leveled up to Level 14. A level per battle.
Artur thought he encountered more arrows as two arms held a shield up. Ramia certainly told him to go back towards the [Archer] lines twice.
“Bastards are shooting flaming arrows at us. Keep that flag raised! Move Squad 9 up! There’s a gap…”
One hit Artur’s flag in the second battle. His flag caught fire and he had to put it out—but then he raised it again as the tear mended. That was all he did, and five arrows rattled off his steel armor, but Ramia sent him back to Olesm with a personal commendation and a request to have Artur return.
Olesm read out the note and glanced at Artur.
“Any new levels and Skills related to that flag?”
Artur had gained a new Skill—[Indefinite Marching]. He shook his head.
“No, sir.”
Olesm drummed his claws on the table.
“Well, I’m placing you back with Bepol and the Antinium. Report to Tersk. Oh—what now?”
A [Soldier] was waiting for Olesm even as Artur marched towards the tent opening.
“Someone to see you, sir. Not one of ours.”
“An enemy? Someone from Liscor?”
Olesm looked up sharply. The [Soldier] hesitated, and Artur marched out of the tent.
And almost into a strange fragrance in the air. An odd perfume…and a head that recoiled, and a look that made Artur’s chitin crawl.
A Drake man stepped back as a dozen odd warriors wearing cloth-type armor over their metal gear put their hands on their weapons. But he lifted a claw. He had an odd…tattoo…across his clawed hand. Artur stared at him as the group stood well clear of him.
“Interesting.”
“Come in!”
Olesm’s voice sounded from the tent, and the Drake turned. He walked to the tent, and two of his bodyguards went to follow, but he lifted a claw as the [Soldiers] guarding Olesm bristled.
“I will enter alone. Here is my weapon…you may, of course, search me.”
The [Soldiers] nodded, and one of the guards protested.
“But Master—!”
“Silence.”
Artur’s head turned as he watched the Drake consenting to a thorough inspection via magic and simply being patted down. In the tent, Olesm’s head rose, and his eyes narrowed as he saw the [Slaver] of Roshal smile politely at him.
 
——
 
Artur saw no more of that. However, it was glimpses such as these that gave him an insight no one else had into the war. Front lines and back.
He also got to see how people were changing. There had been no room for a [Flag Bearer] in Tersk’s understanding of how war was fought at first. However, when Artur reported his commendation from Ramia, the Prognugator paused.
“It seems you have a positive effect on morale? This is…problematic. Antinium have no morale. We do not break and run. Perhaps it would be best to place you in a position where you can aid Bepol’s command.”
He was learning. But he still didn’t understand. Artur nodded.
“I will do so.”
Behind Tersk, Calruz rubbed at his face.
