Interlude – Embria
Page 27
And there he was. Relc raised his spear above his head. And he was right there. His head turned to look at her. Embria faltered. Her spear nearly slipped. Then she realized. His arms. His posture.
It was a copy of hers. And as Relc brought his spear down, he completed the slash she’d been about to perform. Slowly, Embria cut downwards, in the same arc. She looked at her father. And he waited.
What came next? Embria’s body took over for her mind. She retreated, cutting across the first cut. And beside her, Relc copied the move.
No—he didn’t copy it. Because that would have put him a beat behind her. He had moved at the exact same time she did. He knew what was coming next. And of course he did. This was a spear technique. A move he had learned. Perhaps even the ones he had shown her growing up.
Of course they were the same. Slowly, Embria brought her spear up. It was her routine. Her warm up. But two spears rose. They fell as one. And daughter and father looked at each other. And then Embria took a deep breath. She spun her spear and Relc blinked and then mimicked her. And they began again.
 
—-
 
Yvlon saw the two figures moving in synch out of the corner of her eye at first. And at first she didn’t pay attention, coaching Ksmvr in traditional Byres swordplay. But then the movements were impossible to ignore. Because they were an anomaly. Just like something completely dissonant stood out, the unity of the two figures was also different. Yvlon turned and halted her practice session.
Her eyes widened. She saw Embria, sweat covering her crimson scales, turning. Her spear was lowered, tracing a circle in the dirt around her. And beside her, his spear held in the exact same way, at the same angle, was Relc. He flicked his spear up, and hers flew with it, a slight thrust that kicked up dirt. They jumped back, and the veil of dust billowed up. And two outlines moved together. Two shadows.
Step. Pivot. The spears cut a line through the cloud of dust. Yvlon watched the tips of the spears tracing silver lines in the air. They caught the light.
“Silver and steel.”
Yvlon breathed the words. The move was beautiful, but the technique of both Drakes was flawless. And she wasn’t the only one who’d seen. Across the sparring grounds and practice area, other people were lowering their weapons. Captain Bevussa and Keldrass halted in their practice to watch.
“Are you seeing this, Issa?”
“Yes, Captain.”
One of the Oldblood Drakes alighted on the ground. Her eyes caught a crescent cut. This time Embria and Relc advanced, and the half-moons cut patterns through the air. Bevussa glanced at her teammate.
“You use a spear. How good are they? Could you do that?”
“Good, Captain? I can’t tell. But I can’t do that. Not with a Skill. Look.”
It wasn’t just the way they cut, or the fact that they moved in tandem. Because a spear was not a single weapon like a sword you could only hold a limited number of ways. It could be long or short, and where you held it, where you stood, affected how you fought your opponent.
Stab. Cut upwards. Shift grip. The spears jabbed and then spun, from a lance to quarterstaff. The other practitioners in the courtyard looked up. The two Drakes struck, up, down, left, right, a never-ending flurry of blows. Then they changed their grips and swung.
“Watch out—”
The long end of the spear swung across the courts. And Relc and Embria were too close. They were going to strike each other across the torsos! Bevussa started forwards with two Drakes from her team. They were too slow.
