Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 3
Marian trotted over to him and gleefully looked over his shoulder. The Minotaur began to angle his papers away from hers, but then gave up and slapped it on the desk for all to see. He folded his arms.
“He seemed military! He knew what he was talking about—he must have been truly high level!”
They all had been. Niers smiled as he watched his students debate and bicker over the results. In truth, the test had been hard. Niers had sent expert [War Merchants] used to haggling with company leaders to tear into his students and get the best deals they could. He’d also hired criminals versed in trickery and artifice to do the same.
They’d loved their roles. Niers had even hired some of the red-light district’s finest to tempt his students. You could tell who’d fallen for their wiles by the red faces. To be fair—many of them had used their charm or seduction Skills liberally, but that was a valid danger for [Strategists] to fall into. And not just because they might spend money unwisely.
“Ambushed? Oh, dead gods. My division got attacked because I—”
Merrik was groaning as he showed his report to his friends. He broke off, turning red and muttering into his beard. Peki just shook her head.
“You suck. Ha. Ha. I’m going to stay here while you march two hundred miles.”
The Garuda smiled. Merrik scowled at her.
“How the hell did you pass, Peki? I had to hold onto my bag of holding with both hands with all those damn [Thieves] about! Not to mention prying a good deal out of my [Merchant]!”
“I flew. Obviously. And I bought food from a trustworthy person.”
“How did you know they were trustworthy, Peki?”
Marian called up at the officers. Peki looked down and then leaned over her table to call down to them. Ever since the games at Daquin, the officers and strategist classes had gotten more friendly.
“I watched how they stood and talked to the others. I learned that from—”
“The Strongest of Pomle. Yeah, yeah. Dead gods, we got slaughtered. How’d you all do, you [Strategist] pricks?”
Merrik groaned. He looked down at the [Strategists]. Venaz’s head was bowed, but the rest looked fairly cheerful. Yerranola was covering her face, but most had passed.
“I could also smell some of them out as liars. I suppose I had an advantage there, yes?”
Feshi was grinning as she showed her report to the others. Wil smiled and covered his report as she glanced sideways at it. Not out of embarrassment; the [Lord] had gotten the third-highest marks out of everyone in the class and only lost points because he’d had a fourth of his gold stolen by one of the better [Pickpockets]. Umina sighed as she stared at her paper.
“I managed to pass too, Merrik. Barely. I got mugged too, so I just gave them some of my gold. Wil, how’d you do so well?”
“Uh—I’ve met [Merchants] so I had some experience with them. I could tell who wasn’t genuine. Venaz, there’s a number of signs, but you have to go through the Merchant’s Guild or some other form of verification to hold them responsible.”
“I thought I was buying directly from the source! And he had a certificate—it even tested positive at the Merchant’s Guild!”
“Fake. They can do that. You should have checked his name via the Mage’s Guild. The [Receptionist] at the desk was either blindsided or he bought her off.”
