Interlude – Chess and Ships
Page 6
Captain Lasc, a tall man with two glinting eyes, a long cutlass, and a tattoo that looked like a magical rune on the back of his left hand, greeted the passengers. He looked tired, but the salt and water couldn’t drown out the intensity in his eyes and manner. He brusquely nodded to Peki.
“I hate water.”
The Garuda grumbled. Wil nodded.
“We didn’t know either, Captain. We’ll have to teach Peki. Thank you for your efforts! And that was a mild storm? I’ve lived in Pheislant for almost all my life, but I can’t remember a storm that bad, even when I was in some of the ships there!”
Lasc grinned. He had two ruby teeth. Yes, ruby. They glinted, shining like fire.
“Ah, well, for a landfolk such as yourself, Lord Kallinad, that’s not a bad place to be. But sea storms aren’t like the kind that make their way to land. This one was far from the worst, even for the summer. But don’t fear. So long as the Emerald Signet has me and my crew on it, we’ll be fine. [Storm Sailors] shower in storms like these.”
Wil nodded, and thanked the Captain again. He did seem unfazed by the fury of the storm, but then—it was his class.
Lasc was a [Storm Captain], one of the famous ship captains who braved storms, monsters, and pirates to deliver his cargo. Or in this case, passengers. They were what amounted to order on the seas, the untamed vastness that was larger than all the continents combined, and least settled.
“We ride through storms all the time. If worse comes to worst, I’d battle a storm over a sea monster any day. But next time we’ll have you below.”
“Thank you, Captain.”
Yerranola added her thanks with the others. She looked at Wil.
“And you said this would be a safe trip! I thought it wasn’t eventful, but here we are, a storm in the first week!”
Lasc and Venaz both laughed. The [Captain] explained to the bemused Selphid.
“That’s not that eventful. You want eventful, Miss Selphid? Try meeting a Kraken at sea. Or a [Pirate] ship. Or worse—a crew of the Drowned Folk.”
He spat over the side of his ship and flicked his fingers. Sailors were a superstitious lot who believed in luck, and [Captains] were no exception. Yerranola noted some of the other [Sailors] copying Lasc.
“Which is worse? [Pirates], Drowned People, or monsters?”
If [Storm Sailors] and their ships were the (mostly) lawful sort at sea, the rogue [Pirates] were the other main force. They preyed on merchants, sailors, and each other and had little to no laws.
They could be deadly crews, or a bunch of Lizardfolk in a rowboat. But Yerra had heard some had bounties that would make a Gold-rank adventurer blush, and that was for each member of the crew!
On the other hand, the Drowned Folk were something of an enigma, even to Yerranola. She knew they were half-fish, sometimes crabs, or eels, or any number of species that somehow turned ordinary races into the half-aquatic people of the sea. They seldom came to land, and they did not treat well with ‘landfolk’. Or even the other sea-goers. Drowned Folk fought [Pirates], [Pirates] fought them and [Sailors], and monsters ate everyone.
Lasc shrugged. He scowled as he indicated the water.
“I’d rather a storm over a monster, and a monster over a [Pirate] ship. But I can see two of ‘em, and monsters are simple, usually. But Drowned Folk? Saltsucking bastards, the lot of ‘em. If we don’t see one of the Drowned Ships on this little errand, I’ll be grateful for it.”
“Maybe we might have been better hiring one of them. I hear they have underwater capabilities, which is what we need.”
