Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 18
It was a younger Minotaur, who was taller of the two. The other might have been taller, but she was stooped over, leaning hard against the railing. Neither one had armor on, and their clothing was plain enough that a visitor might take both as ordinary citizens.
Except that in the case of the female Minotaur, they’d look twice, because she had clearly fought in some battles. In an age of healing potions, it was still plain to see that the King of Minotaurs had scars that would never heal.
Part of her ribcage was missing. A divot, a long-since healed scar that was visible in her light robes, and a network of long scars below it. War wounds so dire she often sat rather than stood.
Khedal slowed as she replied.
“Do you have one piece of art you care for more than another? That one, perhaps?”
She pointed with some amusement to a painting that was familiar to Khedal and most Minotaurs. Her son didn’t answer, but he stared at the familiar protagonist captured in battle.
That would be the same Minotaur standing next to him, if far younger. The King of Minotaurs, Inreza. As Khedal knew full well, it was also Lareqol’s father who had painted it.
“…I just don’t see the point.”
The younger prince said at last. Inreza glanced at Khedal as he approached, the letter in hand.
“What do you think, Prince Khedal? Lareqol is speaking of how we divest ourselves of art.”
Khedal replied instantly.
“I am partial to many of the scenes of glory we are selling, my King. I would keep them all if it were my decision.”
Lareqol turned. Khedal didn’t often say things like that. Inreza listened.
“And would you say we should call the sale off?”
Khedal shook his head.
“Not at all. My desires do not lie superior to the good of our people. And it is our people who benefit from seeing their works displayed proudly to the world. This practice encourages artists and our crafters to aspire, Prince Lareqol.”
He spoke affectionately to the younger [Prince], who he personally tutored. Lareqol looked at the two old legends of Minos.
To say he was in their shadow would be something of an understatement. He worked hard, had a gift for combat and a sound mind—but he was also not awarded the privileges of rank. Most Minotaurs considered his an unenviable life, trying to live up to his mentors.
Of recent note, about four years ago, Lareqol had competed with other Minotaurs to be the student sent to the Forgotten Wing Company to learn from the Titan of Baleros.
He lost to a certain Minotaur named Venaz. Khedal continued, as if he were lecturing the young.
“There is another reason why we allow other peoples to take our art, Lareqol. Consider our King’s feats of glory. They are known throughout the House of Minos. In time, they might sit in a palace where other species witness a story time and time again. It is not a shame to sell our works of art. If anything—it proves that it is valuable.”
“How so?”
Lareqol hesitated, and Khedal smiled.
“We create works that other species covet. Worth is not something one can judge alone, but bestowed by others. We value the past, honor our works of great art. But the past cannot overshadow the deeds of those today. If this were not so, we would cease this tradition. The House of Minos must act in a way most beneficial for all, while minding the needs of each individual. The artists who created these works have already made more or have passed.”
