Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 44
“Then that shall be factored into the reckoning due. I will ask you in fullness, then, Erin Solstice. I have appointed my successor, a child who is of Khelt, but has seen the world. Brave and wise in her youth. She knows as well as I that I may choose another. Would you be Khelt’s heir apparent? If so—I will grant you that class.”
Would you be Khelt’s [Queen]? Erin thought of Khelta and her vow when she had just woken up. Her response was softer, but she did hesitate.
“…No. And not because I don’t think it’s an honor, Fetohep. I’m too far. I’m not as good at ruling as this. The [Witches] and the rulers of Khelt knew I was an [Innkeeper]. I’ve gotten nearly to Level 50 this way. I don’t…I don’t have time to do it another way.”
“Fairly stated. Then let us talk of more pleasant things a moment. I have oft-described the Quarass of Germina to you, though she is one of the few individuals you have never met, only heard tales of, I am sure.”
Erin shuddered.
“The Quarass? Ooh. That scary lady. Or guy? She’s got a lot of enemies. Had—what’s she up to? I mean, she’s a possible ally. If you don’t mind checking your food for poison.”
“This one is more responsible. I had the strange privilege of watching her act as an [Innkeeper] for a day to obtain the class.”
The [Innkeeper] laughed so hard she knocked a few chess pieces over. It was okay; she was fairly certain someone else, another Fraerling perhaps, was challenging her, so she was wiping the floor with them with one hand.
“No. Way. That’s so—what was it like?”
“I believe the mortals were slightly nervous of poison. I myself considered the option. How is the Mrsha-child behaving?”
“Um…let me tell you about Ceria’s breakfast challenge. You know Ceria, right?”
“I have met her. Is she—well?”
 
They talked—gossiped, rather—for another thirty minutes. But Fetohep left Erin as soon as she began yawning. Reluctantly, she put his stone down.
He didn’t offer her Khelt’s riches. He got it. But Erin wasn’t done. Now that she had begun, it was easier.
The next missive she pulled out was a bit florid, mostly because it was transcribed. It had to be, but the gist of it was that the sender was extremely apologetic and hadn’t read her request until now. Erin skipped down the page until the ending.
 
…His Majesty, Laken Godart, wishes you to know that your missives will immediately reach his presence at earliest convenience. Once again, he extends his relief for your recovery on behalf of the Unseen Empire. A personal note from the Gold-rank team, Griffon Hunt, also add their congratulations and desire to visit your inn at earliest convenience.
His Majesty dictates verbatim: ‘This missive will only be read by myself and my most trusted advisors, Erin. Lady Rie Valerund is transcribing my words. I hold her in my closest confidence. May I ask why you’re inquiring into Nanette’s whereabouts? It is agitating some of the [Witches] here. They seemed quite curious of you when they saw you on the scrying orb, but they weren’t certain. What is your plan, and can the Unseen Empire help you or Ryoka?’
His Majesty’s confidence in the sanctity of the words exchanged with Miss Erin Solstice and the Mage’s Guild are tempered by his knowledge of such methods. On behalf of the Unseen Empire, please consider any responses…
 
Whomever Lady Rie Valerund was, she had a style of writing that Lyonette would appreciate. Erin just stuck to Laken’s words. Her quill stayed dry a long time before she penned her response.
 
