Interlude
Page 20
“The letter comes from one of the Walled Cities. And a certain member of the nobility. It would be unwise to name names. And in truth, the letter says very little of consequence. There are more perhapses and maybes than I could count, nothing of substance. But it leaves the door open for an invitation in the future.”
“An invitation?”
“To the Walled Cities. Perhaps to a soirée or gathering.”
“No Human noble has been invited to a Walled City in—”
Bethal broke off. Magnolia nodded.
“Exactly.”
“And all this came from opposing Tyrion’s plans? But the Drakes have to have known your stance, Magnolia. Why all of this now?”
One of the younger ladies looked confused. Magnolia sighed slightly.
“There’s a limit to what one can prove with words. But with this? I have rather indelicately put my finger down on the side of peace between Drakes and Humans, and like-minded individuals have taken note.”
“So. You make gains. But remember the cost.”
Zanthia kept her gaze on Magnolia’s face. The Lady Reinhart nodded.
“I am well aware of the cost. After all, we are the nobility of Izril. And we do not forgive.”
“Or forget. Any of us.”
 
—-
 
It was just politics. Lord Erill knew that. Which was why what he had chosen to do was a reply in kind. Less than a day had passed since Magnolia Reinhart had forced Tyrion Veltras to back down. What most people didn’t mention was how she’d done it.
With threats. With an open invitation to violence. Lord Erill was a [Merchant] before he was a [Lord]. He was used to underhanded business, even shady deals and other…unpleasantness. But even he had been shocked by the open threat he’d received.
Accede or die. That was Magnolia Reinhart. And the threat hadn’t just come to him, but the other nobility. But the image he had received had been meant for his eyes alone. His mother. Lord Erill’s blood burned at the thought. He was no warrior. He had come at Tyrion Veltras’ request and lent coin and his warriors to the cause, but he didn’t take to the battlefield. In the same way, he would never reply to Magnolia with steel. Or even an open threat. She was too powerful for that.
But there were ways and ways. Lord Erill knocked on the tent flap. He waited for the response and pushed his way in.
“I have something for you. And your friends.”
The [Lord] didn’t beat about the bush. He cut to the chase. He placed a bag of holding on the table as the occupant of the tent looked up. Erill spoke quickly, trying to conceal the nervousness in his chest. Magnolia was one thing. But this group was another. But Magnolia had made her choice. And so had he.
“I want no part of your…organization. And as far as you and I are concerned, I was never here. This is a one-time offer.”
“Which is?”
“Gold. Gems. Other goods that can be exchanged. Two hundred thousand gold pieces’ worth in total. Consider it my repayment to Magnolia Reinhart. I want her to know nothing of this. And I owe you and the Circle nothing. This is a donation. Are we clear on that?”
“Perfectly.”
Lady Ieka reclined in her chair. Lord Erill nodded to her.
“Then I bid you good day. I’ll see you tonight for dinner.”
He turned and walked out of the tent. Lady Ieka eyed the bag of holding. She stared at Lord Erill’s back and smiled. The [Merchant Lord] hurried away, his task done. He wanted nothing to do with the Circle of Thorns, and the less he knew of them, the better. But he had not been the only visitor to Lady Ieka’s tent. And some had stayed longer.
“Dear me, Magnolia. You do have a talent for making enemies.”
