Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 44
To be fair, not many people were good at it. Still, she kept forgetting that her audience had no grounding for anything. Adetr, after a month of talking with Rose, still couldn’t picture it.
Planes in the sky. Skyscrapers on the ground. Humans all connected to this internet…he felt like all of them had some kind of invisible tether attached to a giant cloud. That was how he saw it, and Rose kept correcting him, but he had gotten a rundown of Earth’s history and a lot of major events and factoids, even if she refused to tell him everything about their weapons and so on.
So as some other Chieftains approached them in the Silverfang camp, Adetr rose and bowed. Feshi caught sight of them and instantly did the same.
“Chieftain Iraz! Chieftain Reizet, Chieftain Werri!”
“Strategist Feshi. I should have known you would beat us here. Intelligent, while we sit on our paws…”
Rose blinked as three famous Chieftains joined them, despite two being rivals. They all looked at her, and the young woman licked her lips.
“Oh, wow.”
“May we speak with Miss…Rose? Please, join us. Adetr.”
Iraz nodded at his nephew, and Adetr bowed his head.
“Of course, Chieftain. I have been speaking with her too.”
“Ah, so Steelfur knew ahead of time? Well, I suppose that’s fine.”
Werri bared her teeth. She looked Rose up and down and sniffed the young woman, which Rose clearly found uncomfortable. They were all sitting when Adetr turned, and Feshi’s mouth opened.
“No way.”
Garsine Wallbreaker strode into the Silverfang camp. The tallest Gnoll in the Meeting of Tribes, nay, the world, was thin, stretched out, wearing the hide of the magic bear she could transform into.
“I have come to meet them. May I enter your discussion?”
Her voice was far lighter than Adetr imagined—still deep—but the other Chieftains instantly bowed to make room for a hero of their people. Rose gulped as Garsine bent.
“So you are Rose. From…”
She hesitated and looked around.
“We’re well warded, Honored Garsine. Please, speak freely!”
Feshi urged her. Garsine nodded.
“Well thought. You are from Earth. Another world. Is this true?”
“I—y-y—oh my god. Yes.”
If anything could have proven she was from Earth, it was that. All the Gnolls looked at each other. Garsine exhaled.
“I thought the grandest thing of my age would be the Antinium, and feared to leave the world behind with them. Now? Now, I fear I am too old for what will come. I must sit. I must listen. Chieftain Werri, it is good you and Feshi Weatherfur are here. The young must hear this. They must all hear this. Where is Lehra Ruinstrider? Where are our Named Adventurers? All must…”
“They are with their own tribes, deliberating, Garsine. But rest assured—all will hear Rose’s words. We are merely the first.”
Iraz assured the older Gnoll, and Garsine nodded slowly.
“This world apart. Earth, you call it. Earth…such a strange name for an entire world. Why that? Please tell me everything.”
“I—I—where would I—oh man, this is so—”
Rose was overwhelmed. It was one thing for Adetr to talk to her, and he was already intimidating enough with his body of steel and his piercing intensity. But Garsine?
Draped in the fur of the Racdelbear, she looked like half a beast herself. Her arms were so long that Adetr thought they were longer than he was. She smelled of the pelt, of nature itself, and it was not unpleasant, but it made even the Gnolls here feel like they were intruders into a wild place.
