Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 34
How did you fight Magnolia Reinhart? Erin sat in Pelt’s forge as the Dwarf coughed, already forgetting, snarling that he was fine. And Erin, shaken, looked around.
For something. Her eyes settled on Saliss. The Named-rank adventurer was naked as always. You almost forgot about that. He grinned at Erin.
“Hey. You always show up at the right moment, don’t you? That’s an adventurer’s trick.”
“Hah.”
Erin tried to smile. She looked around, and then sighed.
“Want to go to my inn? Drinks are on me, Saliss, Pelt. And a free round for everyone else.”
The others looked at her. But the [Innkeeper] just smiled wanly. And the others smiled back. Because that was Erin’s power. Her real power, that was.
Soon, they were back in the inn. Lyonette relaxed and Erin went around, apologizing to her friends. She put Pelt in a private table and loaded him up with drinks—despite that probably not being the most sound medical move. But the Dwarf was happy.
And Erin owed him a debt. Saliss followed Erin into the inn on her insistence. He grinned as he saw Octavia and Revi exclaiming over Revi’s stiches. Revi glanced up.
“Oi! Naked Drake! Put some pants on—”
Her eyes widened as she recognized Saliss. Her jaw dropped. And Erin elbowed Saliss.
“Don’t leave just yet. I have something I want to talk to you about.”
He looked at her with a bright smile. And saw right through her. Erin Solstice looked around. She breathed in and out. And then she put on a happy expression. And she made herself—cheerful. And the inn followed suit.
Why did she throw a party even in her darkest hours? Erin Solstice walked around, talking to people. Making them feel welcome, joking about the invisible flame, apologizing. And why?
Because it wasn’t about her. She was an [Innkeeper]. And her guests came to her inn for what she gave them.
The [Lady] saw it all. And approved. Just look!
The Players of Celum and the Players of Liscor were coming back. They entered the inn with an explosion of sound, a babble of voices.
“Dead gods! I’ve never seen acting like that!”
Temile was dumbstruck. He looked at Jasi and Wesle with awe. And even a bit of fear. The [Actors] were radiant as Wesle and Jasi laughed. Emme was hugging Kilkran’s side.
“We did it! The [Ladies] loved the performance! All of them! They were bidding to have us perform in their lands! Private performances—we can go on the road—this is it! We’ve made it!”
The Dwarf [Manager]’s eyes were shining. She didn’t think to keep her voice down. The [Actors] turned as Erin overheard. Wesle faltered.
“Oh. Erin—”
“You did well? You’re going to be sponsored and stuff? Hey, that’s great.”
Erin smiled. And she meant it. Jasi exchanged a look with Wesle.
“We owe you everything, Erin. You have to see us.”
“It was the most impressive performance I’ve seen, Erin. I think I might level just from having seen them!”
Temile was babbling. He had tears in his eyes. Erin wistfully smiled.
“I wish I had seen it.”
“We have a booth reserved just for you. We’ll perform tomorrow.”
Kilkran was stroking his beard as he spoke—he was wearing a wig over his bald head, a rather good one. But then—Wesle looked across the room.
At the stage. The [Grand Theatre] waited. And the [Actor] cleared his throat. The others looked at him.
“Kilkran. Why do we need to wait for a stage? Our first one—well, one of the first—is here already.”
The Players of Celum turned. And they looked at their old stage. Erin’s head rose as Jasi, resplendent in her dress, twirled and looked at her cast.
“Of course! Players of Celum! I believe it’s time for an encore. With all of us! What say you?”
