Interlude – Perspective and Pas
Page 10
“Dalimont, do you think it’s wise to go by yourself? I could smooth Her Highness’ temper…”
Dalimont glanced up as Lormel offered to join him. He eyed Ser Lormel.
“…When was the last time you attended Her Highness?”
“Hm. Well, not personally, but she was a lovely girl of about twelve…”
“Ah. In that case, I think I will risk her wrath alone. Her Highness, Seraphel, gave me a message to relay to her sister should I meet her.”
None of the other Thronebearers looked keen to join Dalimont, especially since it turned out they’d also let her daughter uh…vanish. They gathered around, taking stock of the situation, as Dalimont girded his loins or whatever the hell [Knights] did.
Mirn watched with a bit of Saliss’ skepticism as they muttered.
“So this is Oteslia. What a huge tree. I’ve seen paintings and the scrying orb world tour, of course, but it is a sight to see in person.”
Ser Lormel nodded.
“Extraordinary. You know, this is the time to purchase some souvenirs in person. As much as one can afford, really. I am told they sell cuttings of some plants, seeds—”
Sest raised a finger.
“Is it germane to gift something frivolous, in times of war?”
“More to gift than not, I should think, Sest. Why, it’s the height of impoliteness to travel a continent apart and not have some token to bring back. Now, what’s this business we’re caught up in? I got that Lady Reinhart’s here—what a scandalous contract! And a siege. And the Meeting of Tribes. And…I say, does anyone have a bit of paper so we can jot this all down?”
Amazing. They were idiots. Dalimont rose as Ratici looked up. Lyonette had called his name, and he marched to the steps like a man towards a Creler nest.
“Excuse me, Miss, Sirs. Paper’s over there.”
The Thronebearers turned. Dame Ushar fetched some writing supplies.
“Thank you, Mister…”
“Ratici. Are you staying with us, then?”
Wilovan raised his intoxicated and weary head; he was indeed feeling a bit of gravity pulling him sideways, not altogether unpleasant. But he was in no mood for another fight, thank you sir. Dame Ushar watched Dalimont head to Lyonette’s room and bowed slightly.
“Indeed, Mister Ratici. We trust we shall not be a burden on her H—Lady—Miss Marquin.”
“You mean, Miss Solstice.”
“Is that the name she’s using?”
Ser Sest exclaimed. Xif poked his head back into the dining room.
“Are you all staying here? Someone had better get groceries. Not me. I’m trying to experiment…”
The Thronebearers traded glances. Lormel looked patently horrified.
“Is Her Highness staying under the same roof as an [Alchemist]? Hardly safe, I must say! Mister Ratici, and Wilovan, is it? And good day to you too, Mister Mirn! I know we are allies of convenience, but I must ask if Miss Lionette is so strapped for coin that she must share a home?”
Interestingly, he gave Lyonette the curious inflection of her fake name. Mirn shrugged.
“I just got here. I think we’re all here to avoid her being shanked in her sleep. There have been attempts already. This is a house given to her by the First Gardener.”
“Yes, but the impropriety!”
Xif looked rather hurt.
“Saliss of Lights is here too. He’s a Named Adventurer and he’s naked.”
“We did notice. But a Named Adventurer is considered de rigueur in making scandalous moves…no, no. Absolutely not. This will not do!”
Dame Ushar had investigated the pantry and found it was almost empty of foodstuffs. She tapped Lormel on the shoulder.
