Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 9
None of them could have gotten in. Only one other person had free access to enter and leave this place. And that was…the reason he’d have walked in here…
Saliss stared at the glowing piece of parchment. He did not want to read it. He knew what it meant. But he did read it anyways. He read the note, wished he hadn’t, and then abandoned his plans.
Determinedly, Saliss found a white cigar in a special box—to prevent it from actively decaying when exposed to regular air. He took it, lit it with a breath of oxygen, and then found Firebreath Whiskey. An entire bottle. He looked at the note—a summons, really, with a date and time. Then he did his damnedest to forget he’d ever seen it. It was calling for Saliss. Not the [Alchemist], not Saliss the Nude.
Saliss, the Adventurer.
 
—-
 
It was time for something exciting. A big event. Something dramatic, that would change things. If that was vague, it was because the idea, if not the minutiae, was spreading across multiple factions at the same time.
Look at where we are now. Look at all this potential. Time to do something about it, y’know?
…Well, ironically, one of the people who didn’t feel this way was Erin Solstice. Saliss also qualified—that feeling of ‘it is time’ was for those who were discontent with the way things were.
The Archmage of Izril was awake, the door was connecting cities. It was today. The reasons differed.
For instance, the blue Antinium hiking out of the Free Antinium’s Hive had her own reasons for taking a walk. She had a slice of pie she was nibbling at.
“Pie. We did not have pie. We should bring this back.”
She was going on a little walk. An outing. That was remarkable in itself because Xrn did not normally do such things. But it was today.
Also—someone had arrived that Xrn had been waiting for. Oh, for a while. A short time, compared to the long time she had waited. But with some impatience.
The sun was still rising as the Small Queen walked up the hill towards the inn. She saw a Worker happily singing to birds, luring them in, and smiled.
After an interesting encounter with a white Gnoll, the Small Queen walked upstairs. She scared the hell out of an [Architect], and found the right door with magic. She walked in.
“Mrsha, I’m really t—”
Ryoka Griffin looked up and saw a giant blue bug smiling at her. She froze.
“Ryoka Griffin. Hello. My name is Xrn.”
The City Runner stared at the Centenium as Xrn walked forwards. She tensed up, opened her mouth—
Xrn tapped her on the head. Ryoka felt her heart skip a beat—
Mrsha raced into the room, determined to find the fascinating Antinium and find out what she was up to! She looked around.
…Where did Ryoka and Xrn go?
The Small Queen stood on the grass, and looked back at the inn in the distance. Ryoka, sitting in the exact same position as she’d been on her bed, started. She scrambled to her feet.
“Wh—”
“Let us go for a walk, Ryoka Griffin.”
Xrn smiled.
 
—-
 
The Wandering Inn was busy as the sun rose. Of course, Erin wasn’t in the middle of serving guests. She and Palt had spent all night helping Montressa, Octavia, and Bezale detox from the Saliss cigar incident. Now, she was yawning.
An hour’s sleep would be two hours. So…two hours would be four. Was two hours good? Erin was trudging upstairs when Mrsha ran over to her, panting and signing rapidly.
“What is it, Mrsha? Is Ryoka not feeling well?”
Erin blinked as Mrsha told her multiple things.
“Blue Antinium…Xrn? And Ryoka’s gone?”
