Interlude – Conversations
Page 13
It was a strange duo that walked around the Ekhtouch camp. A tiny Gnoll cub and a giant girl. Mrsha rode on Gire’s shoulders, and the Gnoll let her sign, watching out of the corner of her eye and replying. The older Ekhtouch Gnolls were a bit grumpy.
“Gire, you should be stretching and practicing.”
“I am with an honored guest. Chieftain Firrelle will agree. Chieftain Torishi and Chieftain Akrisa both think so.”
“But your training…”
The instructor blinked, then dodged a [Mudball]. Mrsha waved her wand. Back off, fool! Gire laughed in delight.
“You can use magic! I don’t have any magical capability, or if I do, it’s tiny. Firrelle thinks we have to breed for that too.”
Mrsha wrinkled her nose. Breeding? Adult stuff? Disgusting!
“I know. But I have to have lots of children some day.”
Gire sighed. Mrsha shook her head. No way. Just run off! Gire gave her a long look.
“I thought about it. But where would I go?”
Liscor! Liscor was nicer than anywhere. It had football, cakes, the plays…and Numbtongue, Bird, Ishkr, everyone, and the laptop!
Gire had an interesting reaction to Mrsha’s tales of home. She wasn’t actually as fascinated with how famous people got, or even football.
“I’ve played it. It’s not as fun. I don’t want to be famous.”
…said the [Paragon]. Mrsha blinked, but Gire’s eyes did light up at the mention of Numbtongue and the laptop.
“I would like to meet a Goblin who’s not hostile. There are stories about them, you know. And a laptop? Rose and Inkar have their phones. Inkar even let me borrow it. What’s a laptop?”
Only the greatest invention of all time! It had movies, games where you got to kill alien things with big booming weapons if Numbtongue didn’t hog it all the time, card games, music, and it was proof against evil, immortal [Witches]!
Gire’s ears perked up. She reached down and produced the iPhone, upgraded, small in her paws. Mrsha’s eyes bulged as she realized this was a new model thanks to Krshia’s Skill.
“I want to see this laptop! Did you know this device has lots of games?”
Give, give that to me. So I can inspect it.
Mrsha reached for the smartphone, but Gire effortlessly held it out of reach. She was moving through the apps, and held the screen out to Mrsha.
“Hold on. You can try the games. I’ve beaten most of them…but look at this. Do you know what this is?”
She had opened the most boring app of all the ones on the phones. Mrsha sighed. Really? But Gire pointed.
“No, look. I know what it does and so do you. It’s not that useful, or so I thought. But look over here.”
She pointed as she tapped a few numbers into the calculator.
“Multiplication, division…it can do larger numbers flawlessly, which is good if you can’t do it in your head, I guess. But—here. You see?”
She pointed to something Mrsha had never bothered with, with all the other interesting things. Gire frowned.
“It works with a lot of numbers. It’s some kind of…answer. But I don’t understand what it means and Inkar couldn’t explain. See?”
She pointed to a little button that labeled a nonsense word. It said ‘log’. Gire pointed to others. ‘Sin’, ‘ln’, ‘cos’…they were nonsense words.
“Inkar told me they were mathematical devices. But she didn’t know what they represented. Neither does Rose.”
Mrsha raised her eyebrows. That checked out. Rose didn’t know anything. Kevin might know. Gire shook her head.
