Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 18
Relc listened to his own voice, bellowing at the [Guards] to stop! Shouting at them, berating them for doing what would cost them their badges in Liscor.
He…stood there, as one of the patrol clapped him on the shoulder.
“Fastest entry I’ve ever seen! We never even caught up. Good job, Relc!”
“…Thanks.”
That was the first word Relc had said. The shouting, the admonitions to stop—had never made it out of his lips. He had been too afraid.
Routine? Senior Guardsman Relc stuck to routine. Never rocked the boat. The patrol applauded him, told the others how fast he’d been and wrote him up in the ledger afterwards. He went through his routine.
He hadn’t done a thing.
 
—-
 
The [Robber] did…not die. A healing potion saved his life, when the Watch’s [Healer] made the call that one was needed.
It did not change the fact that Relc had thought he was dead when they put him on the prisoner-wagon. Nor that he had done nothing. The Gnoll was a [Robber], a criminal and no one in the Watch would have shed a tear if he died. If Relc had stabbed him in stopping the armed robbery, defending his life, protecting someone—he wouldn’t have lost sleep over it.
He did not sleep that night, when he returned to his apartment. That was because there was a difference. Killing someone in battle was not the same as stomping them to death after they were down and out.
Relc kept seeing it. He kept hearing himself bellowing, seeing himself thrusting the other [Guards] back and restoring…law. And what would come next. No—it was just him doing his job! Yet Relc was certain what they’d say, how they’d react.
He hadn’t done a thing. In the past, Relc had forgotten to go to work. He’d fudged his working hours, stolen ink, and had his own list of ‘going too far’ in arresting criminals that Zevara had chewed him out for. He’d been drunk on duty, picked fights with other [Guards], and once accidentally burned the entire month’s ledger to ashes.
However, this night, for the first time, he was afraid to go to sleep. Afraid that when he slept, he’d hear a voice telling him his [Guardsman] class was gone.
Fear was not unusual for Relc Grasstongue. Fear was why he’d left the army. Yet he could run into danger. He’d charged into that robbery, ducked two—three—arrows that might have ended his life and he’d do it again.
However, he was more afraid of being the target of the Watch’s ire than confronting a Creler nest. Relc could stab his way out of one problem. The Watch being against you?
That was dangerous. That was what Relc was afraid of. He’d seen it happen. Lived it, like when he’d quit the army. And then he’d made tracks to Liscor. A lone dissenter in a city? There…were things that could happen, in bad Watches.
The [Robber] had lived. Relc still couldn’t sleep. Something was dawning on him. Something…terrible. A realization.
It came to him by midnight. A terrible voice whispered in his head, like Erin’s when she softly told him to leave. That was how he heard it. Relc opened his eyes.
He sat up slowly. Oh. So that was it. Relc sat there. When he spoke, it was to the silent, dark room, filled with shadows. The unfamiliar sounds of the city, the distant sounds of someone moving around in the room overhead. Thumping from another room to his left. Probably someone having sex or a dance party.
