Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 17
Pits? All you needed for a pit was some wood, or pointy rocks, or the drop, and all you needed for that was some time and effort and your hands.
Or a shovel, if you weren’t Antinium. That actually would have been a problem, as the Drakes, Gnolls, and Humans weren’t natural tunnelers. However, that led Belgrade to his second Skill:
[Antinium-Expertise Command]. It took effect as the Alliance’s army spread across the foothills. While the left side suffered Antinium attacks, and the ‘mercenaries’ inflicted their equally grim toll on Antinium lines, the right side feared to advance. They began to mutiny rather than pursue their foes into the caves, cliff faces, and valleys that were technically their homeland. Mainly because…
 
——
 
The Hectval patrol were trying to keep their voices low. An entire army was moving forwards at a snail’s pace, but they couldn’t help it.
Their [Scouts] and regulars kept stepping on bear traps. Just yesterday, an entire patrol had fallen into a pit trap and then been buried by rubble.
A ghastly way to go.
“How’d they dig it? Are there more Ants around?”
“Bastards. I haven’t seen them in a week. I’d rather be on the left flank. These cowards have their tails between their legs. You hear me? You hear—”
A [Soldier] raised his voice to shout to the darkness beyond, but his buddies shushed him. Another [Soldier] shuddered as she stood watch at the entrance to their camp. She kept staring at the cliff face beyond.
“They could be in those caves.”
“We’ve been here for a week. They’re not in those caves.”
A [Sergeant] snapped at her grumpily. He was watching the sentries every now and then, counting them. All was good. They’d held this place, fortified it…the cliffs might be a source of attack if they held enemies, but they’d been scouted. He relayed this to his command, and they relaxed…until the nervous [Soldier] pointed up at the caves.
“You can’t check all of them!”
“You can check most of ‘em. Trust me. We went all the way until you could barely fit in. There might be a few dozen, but that’s all. Get some sleep.”
The group did, but uneasily. The [Soldier] kept watching the caves and muttering about how they might be in there. Which showed she had a paranoid streak in her and some imagination, which might be officer material?
Squad Leader Kerone still thought it was hilarious, and he kept shushing the giggling Gnolls, Drakes, and Humans under his command. Not that they made much sound. They carefully marked the place where the soldiers were.
…Above their heads. The [Soldiers] marched through the narrow tunnel. So narrow, in fact, it was shoulder-to-shoulder wide, and the dirt almost scraped their heads.
Claustrophobic? It was a nightmare come to life, and yet each [Soldier] breathed easily. They also picked their way down the network of tunnels with ease.
“Huh. Ceiling needs another brace here. Get one of the dig-crews on it.”
Kerone noted a point where the ceiling showed danger. He didn’t know how, but he saw it. The other [Soldiers] agreed.
“Yep. What d’you reckon? Another day?”
“Sounds about right. Charges in place?”
Someone jogged up from the back lines. Their [Alchemist].
“Jars set. I think it’ll collapse the shitty loam they’re camped on, but, if not, I guess we’ll find out when we use the exit ramp. Idiots are right over an empty space. Who does that?”
It was hilarious because none of them would have known an empty space below their feet from bedrock two weeks ago. Now, though? Kerone felt like he had a good five feet of room in every direction, although he could have concussed himself by jumping too hard.
