Interlude – Sand and Notes
Page 5
“Okay, I charged all of the refugees that stayed a fee to buy land around the oasis or compensate the [Martial Artists] who had to move. That, as well as for services like the members of Pomle who went out and got food for everyone. I leveraged that coin with some [Merchants] who’ve been saved by [Martial Artists] before to help us buy some of the animals and crops and after I found the highest-leveled expert in each field, I gave them the produce and animals at a very reasonable loan. It’s paid off in dividends. Pomle now has a budget.”
Orjin rubbed at one ear. Even hearing about that process hurt his head.
“You…made money out of selling land?”
“Well, I moved money about. It’s not hard if you know what you’re doing. Put it in the right objects, and it grows, Orjin. I am a [Secretary]. It wasn’t hard for me. And I’ve negotiated to use the money to buy other things. Like the potions.”
“Negotiated. With [Traders]?”
“Yup. I’m better at it than most. So I make a profit selling and buying most of the time. But that’s my side project. The real income that paid for the potions—and the upgrades to the oasis that the others are so mad about—is over here. You really haven’t noticed?”
“I’ve been practicing jumping. What upgrades to the oasis?”
The [Secretary] led Orjin over to the water, partly clouded by dirt and debris, but perfectly sanitary; you had to watch a water supply like that. Or…it should have been.
Orjin had taken enough water to last him for weeks; he had a Skill that reduced the amount he needed to intake, a valuable Skill most of Pomle’s residents got. He saw now that someone had altered the oasis.
Drastically. There were now rocks around the outside of the oasis, preventing erosion. Someone had installed a few long-handled dippers and even a kind of pier to let people draw larger buckets of water from. And there were signs, instructing people not to take more than a certain amount of water per day.
But that wasn’t what made Orjin frown at Salii. It was the fountain.
It sat in the middle of the oasis, dribbling water into the existing water there. It was…well, a fountain. Stone, basins shaped to let the water flow down. And mounted in the center, dribbling the water was a large, gently glowing aquamarine jewel. Not perfectly spherical, but close. Water was condensing, running down around the sides.
“Salii. What is that?”
“Improvements, Orjin.”
The Strongest of Pomle looked at the [Secretary]. He looked at the magical stone. He shook his head.
“Tell me what that is. And what you’ve done, Salii. Now. Or…”
“Or?”
“Or I will throw you into that oasis.”
The Drake considered the threat. She nodded at last.
“Alright. It began when I was measuring the decrease in the oasis’ water levels, Orjin. I noticed it was going down day after day and started marking the sides. Do you know what I found?”
She pointed at the oasis. Orjin thought the water level was higher than it had been in a long time, but he conceded that it had been quite low a while back.
“We were running out of water?”
“We were running out of—you knew?”
The Strongest shrugged.
“It’s happened before. I was considering what would happen when it ran out. People would die. Many of Pomle’s warriors would have to leave for a time.”
The Drake nodded seriously.
“If the water runs out, Orjin, Pomle dies. Only the best [Martial Artists] would be able to survive without access to water. And with all these new people, we would have run out of water in…67 days. Here are my calculations.”
She offered a clipboard to Orjin with some notes. The Strongest pushed it away.
