Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 34
“No! We have to go after it! That’s a Golem! That’s—”
“Stow it!”
Merrik jumped down the steps. Peki, even Venaz was taking cover. The Dwarf looked at Wil as he pointed.
“That thing will destroy the ship in one go! That Golem is massive! It’s probably designed to sack cities! We can’t fight it!”
“But the treasure—”
Wil whispered. The ship rocked as Lasc and Delivan took The Emerald Signet away from the isle. Another near miss—and then—silence. Wil looked around. Yerra stared at him. Afraid, remorseful.
“I’m sorry, Wil.”
“Some threats are too big to fight in the sea. You learn that.”
Inky spoke up from her cover. Wil Kallinad looked around. But it was there. The golem.
An Archmage’s…
He closed his eyes, bitterly. Someone else would have to take it. A navy. Another hero. He let his head fall back.
“Damn it all.”
 
 
—-
 
Captain Therrium of The Passing Shadow had seen it all, of course. He’d let the jellyfish attack The Emerald Signet—the [Storm Captain] had the resources to fight it off, even if he was an air-breather.
But the crab? That had caught them off-guard. He stared from his remove as another beam pierced the waters. It didn’t penetrate far, but the explosion was thunderous from under the sea. His crew, used to silence, clapped their hands or appendages over their ears.
The Emerald Signet was leaving. Fast. The [Depth Captain] stared at the giant crab, which guarded the other wrecks and what was clearly a war golem. The half-Eel man eyed the monster, glanced at the other Drowned Ship waiting underwater next to him. The other [Captain] was staring at him.
The two came to a same conclusion.
“Nope.”
They turned their ships. They’d mark the spot, but an armada would have to take the ship back from that damn crab. Some treasure wasn’t worth the risk.
But it burned in the memory of all who had seen it. A relic of Archmage Zelkyr. It was there. Waiting to be claimed. Perhaps more. Was it better to have never seen it? Because it consumed the soul, like poison.
It was there.
 
—-
 
The Kraken’s Pass, Fog, Strange Meetings
 
“…Upon reflection, we should have clearly taken measures for engaging giant monsters. Not that this ship isn’t well-equipped. But as we’ve seen—perhaps a very defensive-oriented ship might have been able to close the gap. I hear some hulls can be stronger than steel.”
“Well, if you had the best [Captain] in the world and one of the most famous ships, perhaps. But Captain Lasc did right by us, Mister Sea Cow. And before you complain you did naught—there was nothing any of us could do.”
The mood was somber after the encounter with the giant crab. It had been so sudden. So short. But they had seen it.
Treasure. And yet—it was gone. The giant crab was too big, and the magical attack from the golem too terrible. Lasc had flatly refused to even go near the spot again. He had taken the ship in the direction of the eighth shipwreck.
And Wil was depressed. He sat as the others debated the issue.
“We know it’s there, though. Can’t we go back with like, uh, a magical deflecting shield or the right equipment? A stealth-rogue like Lady Foliana to deactivate the Golem? Dead gods! I’m sure the Professor would do it. What if we hired a fleet?”
“No good. And how do you propose we negotiate for it, Yerra?”
Merrik sighed. Venaz nodded as he poured a drink. The Selphid looked blank.
“We know where the crab is.”
“Yup. So you lot tell…who? Lord Seagrass himself? And he takes his armada, loses some warships and…what?”
