Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 5
Pisces looked at the forward man. Bearig was a sweaty fellow, a [Cook]. As portly as the stereotype, because he did like to sample his own food. He was, apparently, not a good [Cook], because the Stitch-man had been made a [Slave] for nearly killing one of his most esteemed guests, the [Magistrate] of a region in Nerrhavia’s Fallen, with a fishbone in a fillet.
Accidentally, but still the enraged Magistrate Ducaz had accused him of trying to murder him or gross incompetence, and thrown Bearig into chains.
The Garuda woman behind Pisces was also from that area; they were passing out of Nerrhavia’s Fallen, heading west, towards Roshal along the coast.
A [Thief]. Well, that was the kind of person you got in this kind of caravan. A mix of the innocent in poor situations, like Bearig, those in debt who were sold to recoup their losses, the simply desperate—those who lived on the street were easy targets—and criminals like the Garuda and Pisces.
She grinned superiorly at him with a cracked beak. Cawe had heard all about Pisces’ story. He glowered back.
“Firstly, if the Putrid One’s servant could have been teleported, I’d have had to touch him. I doubt he would have let me cast the spell, and if my hand did not rot off, we would still be in the center of the Village of the Dead.”
“Ah.”
Bearig nodded, looking suitably impressed. Cawe just tossed her head scornfully.
“Excuses. Shut up about it if you’re going to explain away why there was no other option. I’m sick of hearing of it!”
Pisces shut his lips firmly. He couldn’t tell her about the one part that might have been changed—Az’kerash’s coordinates. He had probably wanted to send Pisces somewhere secure, under his influence, or that he considered safe. Khelt, the Necrocracy, was one of the few places.
Even so. Now that they were on the move again and talking, Pisces jerked his attention to the present. He nodded at Bearig, who had to half-turn, and to Cawe, who did not.
“You two have been part of this caravan for nearly a month now. How long until we reach Roshal?”
“Eager to get to the auction houses? I’m sure you can look forwards to a rich master; we’re not. Bearig’ll be lucky if he’s sold to some place who needs a [Cook] who leaves bones in his food. Me? I’d rather have been in the gladiator pits.”
The Garuda woman sneered. She was resigned to her fate. It was Bearig who answered.
“We took a month on our route; we were heading north and south as well as east to west, Adventurer Pisces. But since you arrived, we’ve been heading west only, and fast at that. I’d say only a month. Far less if we begin using Skills.”
“Only a month?”
Pisces glanced down the road. Nerrhavia was not close to the coast, and he knew Roshal was at the southwest of Chandrar. They had half a continent to traverse! It was Cawe who jerked her head.
“Travel Skills. All the [Caravan Masters] have them. You have that one to thank for it, though. With him, we’ll not need many Skills.”
All three looked ahead. Towards Azam. Pisces stared ahead at the bare-chested half-Giant. Yet—not an actual half-Giant, more like one half-made of obsidian for skin. Actual obsidian, with glowing magma beneath. That seemed to be the form he chose, but obviously it was mutable.
Azam was a Djinni, and the true reason why Pisces would not escape even if he had the collar and manacles removed, according to Igheriz. From what the [Necromancer] knew of Djinni—that was correct.
“If he’s so powerful, why can’t Igheriz check the [Messages] for my team, and why does he have to pay for a scrying orb from Wistram?”
