Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 41
Saliss leapt into the nest of webs, panting. Klbkch halted, warily. Pieces of web were adhered to his armor. Saliss saw, at last, what was allowing him to move so fast. The Slayer reached for a bottle, downed it—
“That’s a damn Potion of Haste. You’re not allowed to use them! The files say you don’t use anything but healing potions and stamina potions!”
“Potions are for sale to everyone. True, I have never needed to use them before. Guarding Liscor is not very challenging.”
The Antinium calmly retorted. He still had the cloak, ready to block whatever Saliss threw. He eyed the Drake as Saliss checked himself in the nest of webs.
The Spidersilk serum had created a thick coating of the super-sticky stuff on the ground. But Saliss could have danced on it without a problem—so long as he was naked. Similarly, the acid which he’d leapt through to stop Klbkch did not burn his scales.
The Drake and Slayer eyed each other. Saliss slowly spread his arms, glistening with acid.
“Want a hug?”
The Antinium smiled. He looked at Saliss, and then continued in a conversational tone of voice.
“Since your involvement in the Antinium Wars, where you survived an encounter with Wrymvr and achieved your Named Rank status, you have continued to adventure sporadically, but most of your employment outside your profession of [Alchemist] has been undertaking missions on behalf of the Walled Cities, from raids on the Hive to dealing with particularly dangerous monsters.”
Saliss threw a jar of lightning at the Antinium. Klbkch blocked it with the cloak. It fell down onto the ground, the glass perfectly intact.
Fun fact. No one, not Erin or anyone else, could just throw one of Saliss’ jars like the Gold-rank adventurers had assumed. You could toss one at a wall and it’d probably stay intact. The glass was strong and expensive. To make them break, Saliss used [Remote Detonation]—
The jar exploded at Klbkch’s feet. He blocked the lightning with his cloak. Damn, but he was fast with that Potion of Haste!
The two stood there for another moment. Klbkch opened his mandibles.
“Recently, I understand you have been frequenting The Wandering Inn at Liscor. Hence my investigation into you.”
Saliss glared. This was a different kind of annoying than Wrymvr. One didn’t bother to dodge or block Saliss’ attacks. Klbkch struck Saliss as the kind of enemy that would die in one good hit—if you got that hit.
“Why are you telling me what I did? Come on, fight me! I’ll take you on, barehanded!”
He made two fists and jabbed—Klbkch swatted the invisible jar back at Saliss and the Drake ducked with an oath. It exploded behind them and set some of the webbing on fire.
The two stared at the flames in silence. Saliss turned back to Klbkch.
“That’s alchemy-boxing. Completely legal.”
Again, the smile. But Klbkch didn’t lower his guard.
“To answer your question—I am telling you because I want you to try and kill me. Wrymvr thinks you are dangerous. However, you seem surprisingly unmotivated.”
Saliss tossed an explosive at Klbkch. The Slayer vanished and leapt lightly out of the way. He paused, waiting.
“If I was Wrymvr, you would have thrown dozens more potions at me.”
That was true. Saliss threw up his claws.
“Will you let me fight him? I’m not interested in you.”
That was true for two reasons. Firstly—Saliss felt like fighting Klbkch would waste his inventory, and he needed every potion to take on that monster, that damn—
And secondly, he couldn’t conjure the same hatred against Klbkch the Slayer as Wrymvr. A month ago? Saliss would happily have burned the Antinium’s face off.
