Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 39
Captain Rasea Zecrew crowed. She grinned; she’d swung off her ship again! She reached down—and a fake Wil tackled her. The [Pirate Captain] cursed. She stabbed Wil through the chest multiple times and he vanished.
“Get the sword!”
Inky dove for the blade. A dozen hands yanked her off. Wil saw the blade skittering across the deck, slicing a few feet—where was it?
Someone grabbed the blade. And held it aloft. The fighting deck stared at the black dagger, held aloft. And at the furry paw.
Feshi met Wil’s eyes with her wide, brown ones. The black dagger flashed.
“Ah. That would be the Sarcophagus Dagger of—”
A figure rose out of the decks. No—it stepped out of Feshi’s shadow. Out of the blade itself. Wil saw glowing eyes. A skeletal figure.
In fact—a skeleton. Wearing faded armor. The figure was dressed like some ancient warrior of old. And it—no—she—spoke.
“Protect Khelt’s chosen.”
She held a glaive. And she swung it around. Two of Seagrass’ [Storm Sailors] fell down, screaming as the frozen blade cut them, turning their skin black with frostbite.
A second shadow stepped out of the blade. This time a skeletal [Archer].
“Serve eternal.”
It loosed an arrow through a Drowned Man’s chest and into another figure standing behind him. Feshi stared around, terrified.
“What is—”
“Ancient Kheltian protectors. The Sarcophagus Dagger of Devi. A good tool for a [Strategist]. Let the champions of Khelt fight. They will rise eternal. Now, we have made our bargain. Return the rest of my blades, Wil Kallinad. And you and your comrades shall possess these blades until you die.”
Fetohep’s eyes glittered. Feshi looked around, horrified.
“No. I do not want this. Necromancy—”
The Gnoll staggered back from the undead, staring at them. But more were rising. Fighting. And Lord Seagrass pointed.
“Claim the chest!”
He advanced on Feshi as the undead servants of Khelt formed a wall. They were good—but the admiral was hacking them apart. Their shadows returned to the dagger as Feshi fled.
“Protect the chest!”
The last remaining Wil ordered. The real Wil stood. And his friends placed themselves in a circle around the box. Merrik grumbled at Fetohep.
“Mind loaning me a blade?”
“No. They have been given to their owners. Fate has chosen.”
The storm was whipping the deck. Sailors slid back and forth as The Emerald Signet began to rock. Therrium was cursing. He looked at Wil.
“You could have been saved.”
“Indeed.”
Seagrass from one side, Therrium from the other. Lasc blocked Therrium. And Rasea slid forwards.
“You can’t get away, Seagrass!”
“Damn you, you idiot!”
The admiral cursed as Rasea leapt at him. Wil looked left and right. He saw ships being blown by the storm. It was getting worse and worse.
“It’s time! Delivan! Take us into the storm!”
The [First Mate], unnoticed at the helm, spun the wheel. The boom moved—everyone ducked. Peki and Merrik charged left as Therrium backed up. Venaz was hacking at the Drowned Crew and they were afraid of the Minotaur with the enchanted blade.
And Feshi’s undead. The Gnoll, looking terrified, but resolute, pointed the dagger and Khelt’s elite undead charged, forcing the Drowned Crews back. But that left—
Yerra, and Wil. Rasea was battling Admiral Seagrass, but he was pressing her back. He tore left as Wil and Yerranola attacked the remaining enemy [Storm Sailors]. The last Wil went down as they hacked him apart. But the real Wil was unharmed but for a few cuts. And his Mirrorblade could still cleave flesh and metal.
“Push them off the decks! We can do this!”
