Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 37
This was it. Wil saw the waves of enemies incoming. He looked at Fetohep. And he could have sworn he saw the undead king’s left eye flash at him.
“Choose, Lord Kallinad.”
Wil nodded. He closed his eyes. And then he reached down and picked something up.
Inky’s head turned as she reloaded Delivan’s crossbow. She saw the [Lord] holding a transparent blade that glittered in the fading light as rain began to fall. A magical sword.
A relic. Wil held the Diamond Sword of Serept aloft. The fighting crews looked at him. And Wil understood.
“Blades are meant to be used.”
“Just so.”
Fetohep nodded, pleased. Wil took a breath. He felt the blade humming in his hands. He saw Admiral Seagrass turning as Lasc staggered backwards, cut. The Illuminary was sailing at his ship and more.
Rain was falling. The waves were growing choppy as heavy winds began blowing. A storm was coming. And Wil held the blade.
Green diamond. A greatsword. Yet it was light. He marveled at the power rushing through his hands. And then—Wil turned.
“Venaz.”
He tossed the sword. Every head turned. The Minotaur whirled. He dropped his axe, saw the sword curving towards him. And he grabbed the hilt.
“Wil?”
Stunned, the Minotaur looked at the [Lord]. Then his eyes focused on the blade.
“He has the damn sword! Get it!”
A [Depth Pirate] shouted. She lunged. Venaz whirled. And his form blurred.
The [War Strategist] turned. And the greatsword whirled through the air. Fast. As if he were under a [Haste] spell. He slashed—a Bloodtear Pirate looked down at her sundered blade and the deep cut in her chest.
The Minotaur brought the blade down. So fast Wil didn’t even see the arc. The greatsword cleaved through armor and blades. The Minotaur slashed left and right—the [Depth Sailors] and [Storm Sailors] fell back, crying out.
“The Windblade of Serpisel.”
Fetohep of Khelt smiled. Venaz swung the sword and cleared the deck around him. Wil heard a bellow in the distance.
Prince Khedal was raising his axes. Roaring in delight and surprise. The Minotaur crews bellowed as Venaz held up the blade. And the enemy crews fell back in disarray.
All but Lord Seagrass. His eyes narrowed.
“Stop that [Lord]!”
He pointed a finger. Crossbows snapped, but Fetohep calmly cut the bolts down as Wil ducked behind the chest. And he was reaching for another sword.
The second blade was clear diamond. It had an odd hilt, with three reflective leaves. Wil rose with it as a [Storm Sailor] charged him. He raised the sword and the man stumbled back. Wil slashed—but the blade didn’t speed him up. The [Storm Sailor] ducked left, grinning.
He was fast. He lanced out and caught Wil in the shoulder. The enchanted leather peeled away as the [Storm Sailor] cut Wil shallowly. The [Lord] cried out. His friends were engaged, even Venaz. He saw the Minotaur turn and blur towards him. But the [Storm Sailor] was right there. He raised his blade as Fetohep watched.
And Wil stabbed him through the side. The [Storm Sailor] turned. He looked at Wil. And then—down at Wil, trying to shield himself with the sword.
The glowing sword. And a third Wil Kallinad raised his sword. He thrust—the [Storm Sailor] staggered back. He looked at the three Terandrian [Lords]. Down at the two holes in his body. They weren’t…illusions.
“That’s not fair.”
He murmured and collapsed. Wil Kallinad, shaking, saw another Wil staring wide-eyed at him. And on his right—another Wil. All three looked at each other; mirrored perfectly but for the cut on one of the Wil’s shoulders. Then they turned to Fetohep.
