Interlude – Relationships
Page 6
“I’m not childish. Shut up.”
Then he turned the other way.
“You too.”
Erin opened her mouth. She assumed he was speaking to his ghosts. He wasn’t always that obvious about it, but she knew that at least two of them were Pyrite and Shorthilt. Numbtongue was recalcitrant on there being any more. She thought about it.
“I get it. You don’t want a lecture, huh? That’s way too bossy, and you’re an adult Goblin, like when you and Lyonette got into it about the computer. Don’t treat you like Mrsha. Am I right?”
He brightened up a bit.
“Yeah.”
Erin nodded amiably. Then she raised a palm and slapped his stomach as he stretched out. The [Bard] oofed reflexively and sat up hard. He glowered—and Erin poked him.
“Hmm?”
“Stop that.”
His eyes glowed with annoyance, but Erin poked harder, and he shifted to avoid the finger.
“Hm? Huh?”
“Stop that.”
He growled, but Erin kept grunting and poking him. Numbtongue went to shove her away, lightly, then grabbed one hand. Erin made a fist. He grinned—annoyed—and went to grab her.
“[Minotaur Punch]!”
Numbtongue ducked the punch and smacked his face into the table. Erin waved her fist warningly. Don’t try that on me!
He let go of her hands, and she kept poking at him. At last, the [Bard] snapped.
“Stop that!”
Erin stopped communicating in the eloquent way of Goblin poking and folded her arms.
“I’m not Lyonette. I’m sure she lectures, but I’m just asking you if that was dangerous. I know you’re an adult, Numbtongue. Gonna behave like one?”
He turned red, stared at her, and then swatted at something by his side.
“Shut up!”
An invisible Goblin ghost had apparently made a snide remark. Now embarrassed, Numbtongue folded his arms again and stared sideways, blushing. He glanced sideways at Erin.
“Fine. Maybe Gothica was bad. She tried to get on horses too, but she’s too small if they go wild. I was safe, though. They have Skills to protect horses and riders. [Race Organizers].”
“Ah. See, that makes sense. You could have led with that.”
The [Bard] grudgingly nodded. He seemed astonished at being called out and probably remembered the other times he had asserted his difference from Mrsha and Bird. Erin quite appreciated it, but she had been making a point too.
“Numbtongue…nothing’s the same, is it?”
She sat in the dark inn, where the [Innkeeper] who had given them rooms for the night was peeking at Erin, much like a housecat stared at a lion who had wandered into her abode. Erin waved at the woman, and the [Innkeeper] ran away.
Numbtongue sat up, looked at Erin, and stretched out.
“Yeah. But you’re breathing. It’s pretty good, eh?”
“Yep. Breathing is better than being an icecube. No one, uh…cooled their drinks on my body while I was out, did they?”
The Hobgoblin began snorting as Erin grinned. Then she grew serious again. She kicked at the table and looked at Numbtongue.
“So you and Garia are sorta close? And…you and Octavia?”
The Hobgoblin bit his lip, then exhaled. If he did not appreciate being lectured by Lyonette on being ‘responsible’—this was the one conversation he didn’t want to have with Erin. Especially because she was trying to be tactful about it. But this day had to come. In fact—he looked at her and wished they’d had this kind of chat before she was shot.
Way back when Earl Altestiel had first proposed to her.
 
——
 
That damn [Knight Marshal of the Rains] had ruined everything. It served him right, getting rejected and bawling his eyes out before running back home.
That was how Numbtongue chose to remember and recollect the events to everyone he met.
