Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.1)
Page 4
When you had a deal, you trusted the other party, especially when those present represented larger organizations. If one or the other were to break the accord, there might be ramifications that went far beyond them. So neither was inclined to do so. There was security in having more to fear from your own side than the other’s. It was what made the…lesser known side of cities run so smoothly.
Not that Celum was used to the trio that strolled down the street. The [Enforcer] and [Nightstalker] looked around the city, taking in the scenes, the sights—Celum probably held ten thousand people at most. It was small, quaint in the [Enforcer]’s lexicon of words. The [Nightstalker] would have used a different word to describe it.
“I must confess, I’m not at a firm place to start, Miss. Do you have a preference? I might grab a drink and scope out the scene first.”
The [Nightstalker] snorted.
“They sent you here without intel?”
“Mm. More like I would’ve met some of the chaps if they’d been about. Unfortunately…”
“Hah. Well, we have information. And I know where I’m starting. This way. We’re headed to an [Alchemist]’s shop.”
The [Nightstalker] moved down the street, clearly following a map in her head. The [Enforcer] nodded and followed. They made good time; dawn was still breaking. And they came to the little store down a side street quick enough. The [Enforcer] peered at the frontage and the boarded-up front. He could see into the store through the glass door, but the twice-repaired front already told him an interesting story.
“Stitchworks? Fancy seeing one of the String Folk around here. She any good?”
“Don’t know. Don’t care. Take a look at that, though.”
The Sister of Chell nodded to a small sign attached to the front of the store. The Brother read it, frowning.
 
Potions half-off! No longer selling ‘matches’; please inquire at Alchemist Quelm’s.
 
He nodded.
“So that’s the game, is it?”
“Part of it. Come on. That’s who we’re finding next.”
“And this store?”
“Where both teams went in.”
The [Enforcer] paused and gave the shop a sharp glance. He could tell someone was inside; there was a light on. But the shop’s sign said ‘Closed’. For good reasons no doubt. But…
“Really? The ah, target was in there?”
“You mean the fucking door? Yes. Don’t ask me why. But it’s there. The access point is, anyways. The real thing’s still in Liscor.”
“Fascinating. So this other [Alchemist]. Quelm…”
“It’s a lead.”
The [Nightstalker] and the [Enforcer] both nodded. This was worth looking into. It might be coincidence, but the sign and the damaged frontage spoke to their area of expertise. And they had been sent to run down all leads, so the [Nightstalker] lead the way down another street. She did have a map; the [Enforcer] saw her checking it covertly. He politely coughed.
“You wouldn’t happen to know what this Quelm business is? Just in the interest of sharing information.”
The woman looked sour, but in the end she nodded.
“Low-level racketeering. We’re not sure who’s leading them on the street front, but it’s a new gang. Brand new. Their backer’s Quelm. [Alchemist]. Level 20 to Level 25. Moderately successful. With his help they’ve created a monopoly on this new item. Matches.”
“Matches?”
“Some new, alchemist invention.”
“Wants to sell it all from his store does he? Understandable. So this Quelm’s got muscle to keep the other [Alchemists] in line. And the gang’s being funded through…?”
“Protection payments.”
