Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 31
He wasn’t even listening. The Emir glanced down at something he was holding. Pisces saw the truth crystal flash red and the Emir sighed.
“It does not do to lie, Anareen. Two more days, then. Next!”
The [Guards] lifted her. The Stitchgirl began to scream and thrash with such might that if one had not touched her with a Wand of Paralysis, she might have broken free. She went limp. Pisces saw her huge, horrified gaze meet his as they slowly dropped her into a giant jar. They covered the lid, sealed it, and all sound ended.
“She can breathe. I will ask her tomorrow. And one more time when we reach my lands. If she still cannot tell me the truth—then she will remain.”
Riqre walked past the two [Slave Masters]. They looked at him. Then at Riqre’s people.
Each one gazed at their master with pure, genuine affection. Each one had passed the truth spell Riqre applied to the other five captives. Somehow they had passed.
“Emir Riqre. Why do you ask? Is it not enough they are slaves?”
The Emir turned to Hrome, raising his brows.
“If I were selling them, surely, Hrome. But I wish them to be my people. I would not take a [Slave] that does not love me.”
“And if they fail to answer you?”
The Emir’s eyes were wide and something stared out of the pupils in the center.
“Then they will remain like that forever. I feed them, you know. Most pass my test. You see—if they have a choice between this and me, they will change. For me. They change their classes. Most do not before they see the others who failed, but then they succeed! Joyous. You will learn, Pisces. It is classes. It is all about…classes.”
Then he turned, and as if he had suddenly remembered, he beamed at Pisces. The young man froze as Riqre twirled on his heel, the jar forgotten in a moment.
“Ah, but where is my mind? Igheriz, Hrome, we must slow our pace a tiny bit or make preparations tonight! Pisces is here, but we cannot delay any longer.”
Igheriz looked close to snapping. The zombies, and this—his hand hovered at his side, but the [Carrion Eaters] and [Guards]…he almost snapped a reply as he looked for Azam.
“For what, Emir Riqre? Pisces is mine, I remind you.”
Hrome grabbed his arm, warningly, but Riqre’s smile never faded.
“Of course, of course. Yet it seems to me, Igheriz—and I ask your pardons for my bluntness—but you are not yet a [Slave Lord], or one of my class and level. Even if Pisces is to be sold…and we shall talk…there are still yet ways to improve him. Teach him.”
He looked at Pisces and the young man felt a pit in his stomach. Riqre scratched at his chin as Igheriz glanced at Pisces.
“Your Djinni, too. He is but a servant. He could serve you better, Igheriz.”
His voice was loud and carrying. Pisces’ head moved and he saw the giant, always close by Igheriz for protection, turn. The Emir and Djinni locked gazes.
For the first time since meeting him, Pisces saw Azam…shudder.
 
—-
 
When they came for him at dusk, Pisces seriously considered if fighting and dying here was worth it. He’d go for a sword and if he died…there was a chance. Better that than what Riqre intended.
He did not. Because Pisces still had hope of surviving, of finding the others. Because he owed Erin. Because, damn him, he was curious.
What would Riqre do to him? If it was too egregious, Pisces hoped Igheriz would fight back, and create an opportunity for escape. Pisces was worth nearly a million gold pieces.
Unfortunately, Riqre was cunning. Riqre was mad, but…when Pisces was pushed into an open space in the camp, he didn’t understand.
“What’s…what’s going on?”
