Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 65
He tried to raise undead from the sand. Pisces [Flash Stepped] as Azam grabbed for him. The others were running for the horses. Pisces shot acid over a [Guard] and seized the sword from the screaming man. He whirled, in one long shout of fury, ducking a blow from Azam.
The [Slaves] outnumbered their guards, even in one tent. They were desperate, unarmed, but free to use their Skills. They had the advantage of surprise, if lost mostly by Astotha, and they knew what would happen if they were caught, so they fought or ran with all their might.
They would have made it, but for Astotha. Even then, they would have made it.
Except for Azam.
 
—-
 
“Never again.”
He whispered, even as the Djinni dropped him in front of Igheriz. Pisces lay still. If he could have moved, he would have…have…
The last of the [Slaves] were kneeling. Merr, Bearig—all of them. Those not killed.
Azam had caught Pisces. The [Necromancer] had tried to stop him from capturing Eloque, but the Djinni—that damned Djinni knew how to stop [Slaves]. He had hurled fire and killed the horses. If he had been slower to react, they might have gotten out of range.
He had caught Pisces with another trick, as the [Necromancer] turned back for Eloque. A Wand of Paralysis. Now, the Djinni stood, and Pisces looked up and met his glowing gaze.
“Damn you.”
Pisces cursed him. The Djinni looked straight through him, uncaring. He had absorbed every spell, broken every barricade. [Deathbolt] had done nothing to a being of pure magic.
“Pisces. Ah, Pisces. You nearly made it. I call you clever after all. A clever fool. Look at you! A Gold-rank adventurer worthy of your price! But I am a man of my word.”
Igheriz was beyond fury. His too-bright eyes shone as Pisces looked up at him, still paralyzed. Eloque was weeping. All the [Slaves] were. She had tried to end it, as she had sworn, but Azam had taken the dagger away.
“If only you knew people better. But a [Necromancer] has no eye for the living, eh? You, Astotha. I will consider letting you go for this.”
The [Slave Master] turned and patted Astotha on the head. He regarded the three who had betrayed Pisces and the others fondly. Droppe gave Pisces an apologetic shrug as if to say there was nothing personal for seeing how the winds blew.
Merr lunged at Astotha and Shein, who met no one’s eyes.
“You fucking traitors—”
Igheriz turned and kicked her across the face as hard as he could. He walked down the line of [Slaves].
“Master, be merciful, please.”
Astotha begged, not looking at Pisces or Eloque. It was the Lizardwoman that Igheriz stopped before.
“I will be. After I am angry.”
“Kill me.”
Eloque whispered. Igheriz just laughed.
“After I have made you so beautiful? Pisces—ah, Pisces, you know what is coming. But before that…”
The [Necromancer] stared up in hatred as Igheriz passed by. Hrome was speaking urgently.
“We’ve lost only three, Igheriz. Consider otherwise. You’ll be rid of him tomorrow.”
The Stitch-man whirled, and screamed in Hrome’s face.
“You think this is easily forgiven, Hrome? That I am not a man who keeps my vows? He would have gotten away!”
The Human backed away. Igheriz controlled himself—barely. He looked around. No one dared speak. The [Guards] were still angry, but a small blaze compared to the raging inferno of Igheriz. Azam bowed his head. Pisces’ hatred for him…he only cared for the book, which lay open behind Igheriz. If he had just…Igheriz laughed, and he sounded like Riqre for a moment.
