Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 15
“I said your [Slaves] were fine, Emir Darsul. But I did not say I envied you. For it seems to me that not a single one loves or admires you. Nor, I think, if I took off their enchanted collars, would any of them remain.”
“And what does that matter? I do not require loyalty from my possessions.”
“I consider it the perfect mark of a [Slave Master], myself. For instance, my bodyguard, Iert, has neither enchanted collar nor bindings on him. If he were to desire to leave, or attack me, I would not be able to stop him.”
At this, all the other Emirs were quite unsettled and looked at Yazdil’s bodyguard, who was nearly of note as the Emir himself.
Iert, who was until now, nameless, was a Gnoll with reddish fur, like the redwood tree, who was born of [Slaves] and raised in Nerrhavia. He had become a [Gladiator], and became champion of Nerrhavia’s greatest arena, the Coliseum of Glass, and won his freedom.
Of course, that was before he was twenty, and then went on to become an adventurer, who some say might have become a Named Adventurer. But as such stories go, he grew arrogant and soon ran into debt, upon which time he became a [Slave] again.
It was then that the Emir took him into his employ, and not much was seen of Iert for ten years as the Emir himself rose to power. When he reappeared, the Gnoll was his bodyguard.
Now, scrutinized, the Gnoll bowed. The Emir Darsul, very much taken aback, demanded to know how this was.
“Did you suborn his mind with potions or spells?”
“Not at all. Or should I say, I do not enchant him to obedience.”
“Then how do you sleep at night?”
“Very comfortably, with him watching over me. You see, Emir Darsul, you possess slaves. I train mine, into becoming what I believe makes them best. And they are, of course, loyal. Happy too, is that not so, Iert?”
“I am happy, Emir Yazdil. Or I would point out that I was not.”
The bodyguard’s response doubly enraged Emir Darsul, who by now had developed a great loathing for the Emir Yazdil, quite aside from Fetohep of Khelt’s own involvement in Darsul’s enmity (this was known only after the fact). He sarcastically turned to the Emir Yazdil.
“And what if you were to end up dead in your bed, with your trusted servants having slain you and taken all your possessions?”
The Emir thought quite long about this, then replied levelly.
“I would consider that a failure on my part. If such a thing occurred, I would have no one to blame but myself. I trust Iert completely to do whatever I ask of him. And since the most basic thing I would ask of him is not to kill me, I do not think twice about it.”
The other Emirs laughed at this and complimented Yazdil, which did not enrage Emir Darsul further because he was most likely at the peak of his fury in any case. However, he happened across an idea which caused him to smile and suggest to the Emir.
“Why do you not prove it, Emir Yazdil, and order your bodyguard, Iert, to run about like a dog and fetch whatever you toss.”
To this, the Emir was visibly upset.
“I would prefer not to.”
“Because your servant would refuse?”
“Because it would distress him, and therefore, me.”
The Emir Darsul then smiled and insisted.
“If he will not do this, Emir Yazdil, who is the master and who is the [Slave]?”
The Emir, who had not been enraged until this moment, grew quite angry, but to the surprise of all, his bodyguard promptly did as the Emir Darsul had requested. Upon completing the tasks, and the Emir Yazdil tossing his plate, Yazdil excused himself.
