Interlude – Meetings and Friendships
Page 5
“Both of you might be really good recipients. And I like both of your potentials. But ultimately, I’m going to have to go with…”
Everyone leaned forwards. Lyonette waited a beat and then spoke.
“…Numbtongue.”
The [Goblin Soulbard] pumped a fist. Bird sighed.
“I shall never hunt the elusive water bird, then. Alas.”
“I’ll give you the boon tomorrow, Bird. I think that’s the minimum amount of time I have to wait. It might be a few days, actually. Mrsha had it for a while. It’s not a Skill you can just toss about.”
“Oh. Then I am happy.”
The Hobgoblin grinned as Lyonette turned to him. The Terandrian [Princess] took the Hobgoblin’s hands in hers. She smiled at him.
“Numbtongue…”
Her friend. Family. The [Princess] gave him her blessing.
 
[Temporary Skill – Directional Sound obtained!]
[Temporary Skill – Soul’s Armaments: Mundane obtained!]
 
—-
 
At the same time as the contest was happening, Maviola El was talking to Olesm.
“I can’t tell you where I’m going. Because you’d follow me.”
“You can’t just…leave. Are you in trouble? If you are, we can do something about it. Erin’s inn can’t be taken with an army and I can use my position—”
She halted him with a touch. The anxious younger Drake looked up at them as they sat together.
“Olesm. It’s not yet. But it will be soon. I’ve made arrangements. I…I might be able to stay. But I told you; I’m on a time limit.”
“You’re sick.”
He looked at her. It was the logical conclusion. Maviola El smiled gently.
“Something like that. Olesm Swifttail, I know you. If you truly wanted to know who I was, I know you would have found it by now.”
“I don’t want to know. Can’t you stay? This is the happiest I’ve ever been. Truly.”
The [Lady]’s smile flickered out. She sat there, her black-and-orange hair glimmering in the sun.
“I’m sorry. I’ve been happy too. I wish…well, if I had one wish I wouldn’t spend it on us. But if I had a few, I wish we could have more time. Perhaps we will. But…”
One vial left. Maviola El had made all the preparations necessary. Regardless of whether Saliss of Lights made good on his offer or not…she had done what had to be done.
Olesm was the hardest part. And the only thing she couldn’t arrange. The Drake looked at her, miserably.
“Is it me? You came when I was at my lowest. Is it because it was just to…help me?”
She kissed him, gently.
“Never that. And it’s not you. I’m just out of time, Olesm. And sometimes that’s okay. Everything has to end.”
He pulled away from her, suddenly.
“No. Don’t say that! You, of all people? Nothing has to end. Fight it! Even if it’s death, diseases—you taught me that, Maviola! Burn! Blaze! Don’t—don’t quietly go out.”
Her eyes widened. It sounded like something she would have said if she was as young as she looked. For a second—Maviola El touched her breast. And she felt her heart beating faster.
She wanted to live. But oh—Maviola’s desire was tempered by knowledge. The bright flame of life was beautiful and pure. Yet it could so easily be corrupted. She had seen that. She knew who waited down that twisted road.
“Belavierr.”
“Who?”
Maviola didn’t realize she’d spoken aloud. She jumped. Her eyes flicked to Olesm.
“A dark woman. If you ever meet someone by that name—give her nothing, Olesm. Believe me. There’s evil in this world that you can’t yet imagine.”
He slowly nodded. She had taught him many things. Not just about strategy or organizing on the level of one of the Five Families—she had knowledge of other places. Of artifacts, Skills—
She wished she could stay here. After a while, Maviola El smiled.
