Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 22
The statement was sobering. Umina paused as she reached for a drink. Niers went on, gesturing to his body.
“A Fraerling is strong. An adult can lift things many times their weight. I could toss that cup you’re holding, Umina, even lift it when it’s full. But that’s not much use when everything’s so big, is it?”
“No, sir.”
The Titan sighed. He sat back down in his chairs and stared upwards. When he spoke, it was distantly.
“I grew up in a Fraerling village. Like most Fraerlings. It’s rare we live elsewhere. Sure, some of us have that classic story where we live in a house unknown to the owners, but let’s be real: that’s dangerous. It’s too easy to be squished. And rats! You ever think about fighting rats? They don’t fight you, but to us they’re like bulls. Big, vicious, and smart. Cats terrify us. Now, imagine what it’s like for Fraerlings to fight a Troll.”
He shook his head.
“There’s no point to being a [Warrior] if you’re a Fraerling. Not if you want to do anything with the tall folk. Oh, you can turn the tides and we have ways of dealing with huge foes, but it’s just a waste of levels when you get down to it. A Level 60 Fraerling [Warrior] can kill even a Griffin, but they’ll still die if you stomp on them a few times.”
“What about magic?”
Umina offered that uncertainty. Niers snorted.
“Ever seen a [Fireball] cast by a Fraerling [Mage]? Size isn’t everything where magic is concerned, but it matters. There’s this book by a Drake that goes into body mass and magic. Grimalkin—I think there’s a copy in the library. Anyways, that can be better, but Fraerlings are still too small. It’s literally too hard for us to weave larger spells; we can throw tiny [Fireballs] all day, but that’s not exactly what you need, is it?”
He shook his head.
“No. Fraerlings have to hide because we’re in danger. We can protect ourselves from rats; our [Warriors] can hack through a colony at high levels, but those are small threats. Big ones? No Fraerling can match an adventurer from another species. I knew that, growing up. I couldn’t stand with other species as a [Warrior] or a [Mage]. I didn’t want to be a [Crafter]. But there was one class that didn’t care how big you were. And that was…”
“[Strategist].”
Both his students exhaled. The Titan’s lessons were often circular, but they always came back to the point via story or example. He nodded, his eyes flashing.
“Exactly. It was my dream to leave my village. To be more than someone who had to hide from a stray housecat, or live in terror of an errant boot! And [Strategists] can affect any number of people! So I became one.”
“Just like that?”
Niers looked vaguely offended.
“We need [Strategists] in Fraerling villages too, Wil. Here, pass that bottle, will you? The Drake one. Thank you. Put it there. Yes, we need [Strategists]. And I was good at my job! I helped clear out this damn hornet’s nest on my first campaign, and I pushed back a boar herd.”
He saw his students chuckling and raised his brows.
“Oh, you laugh! But imagine fighting them with an army of people one foot tall at most? I was a higher-level [Strategist] than anyone else my age by the time I turned twenty! And when I left the village to go to an Adventurer’s Guild, I could have stood toe-to-toe with any of you in my classes now. Think of that!”
Umina did. She stopped laughing. Wil leaned forwards.
“You would have been an asset to a team, Professor. But I imagine it was difficult.”
Niers nodded.
