Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 20
“Because they will die if they leave. Tallguard or not, Noa has as much chance surviving a week in a city—any city in the world—as you did on that insane journey here. I wish the Titan had never become famous, frankly, because it makes people think Fraerlings are like him. Luan, have you ever met him?”
“Yes.”
“Wh—really?”
Ekrn hadn’t expected that. He stared as Luan nodded.
“Briefly. At Daquin.”
“Where?”
“The…games at Daquin?”
“What games?”
The Fraerling hadn’t heard about the Titan’s games! He shook his head when Luan gave him a brief history.
“That sounds like him. We don’t keep in touch with the outside world…just all the big news whenever one of us has to visit a city or someone who’s from a village that does that comes by. That’s another difference. Listen, Luan. I met Niers Astoragon once too. I grew up hearing stories about him. Do you know what he is?”
Ekrn leaned forwards and hissed.
“He’s insane. He joined the Tallguard, he was one of us! A damned good one too, but he left to become an adventurer. He’s like—no, he is one of your Named-rank adventurers. Have you ever met one of them? He’s like that. Most Inners can’t even think about stabbing a rat to death. For them it’s like, like—”
Like fighting a bear on Earth with a sword. Or even a gun; Luan could imagine it. It might be a…fairer fight than the Human deserved, but what kind of a person could do that? Actually do that?
“That’s what the Tallguard are, aren’t they?”
Ekrn shrugged.
“We’re the people who want to fight. Who can’t live in Paeth or other places…you want for nothing. I admit it, I like fighting. I like adventure! But there’s a difference between that and going out. Tallguard work together, we know our spaces. Do you know what kills Fraerling kids who see the city?”
“Tell me.”
“Ants. They go with you, some big, friendly Human, and they’ll be adventurers, friends! Live with their big friends. The first day? Their big, giant friends find them dead. A rat killed them. A cat disemboweled them in their sleep. Ants attacked and they fought hundreds, thousands alone. Because the giants had them in their safe houses, the inn, and never noticed. Why would they? A cat’s a pet to them.”
Luan’s skin prickled. He could just imagine it, the horror of a city. He shuddered and Ekrn nodded.
“That’s why we don’t live next to Tallfolk. It’s why we can’t.”
“The Tallguard are strong, Ekrn. I couldn’t kill a Stelbore—I have friends who’re a Silver-rank team who have to plan to kill even one.”
The Sentry Leader accepted the compliment.
“That’s true. If you were an evil Gold-rank, we could probably have gotten you even if you turned violent, Luan. We can take on monsters—hell, we survived the Creler Wars! True—Paeth is our new settlement, we had to abandon the old one, but we survived it. The problem is we can take on one threat. Even big threats. But any Tallfolk army in the world could destroy Paeth. Think about that.”
The Human did. It just boiled down to…numbers, ironically. If the Tallguard could slay a team of Humans, the problem was, funnily enough, that the Tallfolk could come in such numbers that the Fraerlings just ran out of ammunition, even if they wiped them out individually.
“So that’s why you’re afraid of Tallfolk finding out where you are. Have you ever tried?”
Ekrn smiled.
