Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.1)
Page 24
A lonely Goblin walked across the Floodplains, back to the inn he called home. And he realized he was miserable. In Celum, a trio of Humans who were accustomed to a different world than most of the world knew finished off a quiche and waited for something to happen. An [Alchemist] sat in her shop and counted her coins. Pure misery awaited all and each in their own way. The quiche was off.
And yet it was all backdrop. These were the lives of the inconsequential. The small. They did not move the world, even in large ways. They were in the wrong place, the wrong time. But in The Wandering Inn, part of the world shook and moved and changed. In the inn and on the streets of Pallass, crowds were gathered as the morning progressed.
They were back. In fact, the inn was even more crowded than yesterday. Erin had opened Pallass and Liscor to each other. Now, the two cities couldn’t get enough of each other. And already, the ripples Erin had splashed were turning into waves.
Rufelt and Lasica were standing in the inn, with a trio of Gnoll [Senators] from the Assembly of Crafts. Even Errif Jealwind, a member of the Protectorate group. But he was a Gnoll, and he looked very uncomfortable in the group of Gnolls from Liscor, Krshia, Raekea, Elirr, the Pallassian Gnolls, and Lasica. He might have been a [Senator], but in the Gnoll hierarchy…
Across the inn, Jelaqua was practically glued to a certain Dullahan. And the implications of that had every Dullahan who’d seen them today spinning their heads on their shoulders. Moore and Seborn, stranded in the inn with their Captain suddenly on vacation, were a mix of happy and irritated. Mostly irritated after watching the two hold hands or talk to each other while ignoring everyone else.
The Players of Celum were performing their second play of the day. Temile, the [Stage Manager], was giving the new cast and crew the workout of their lives and the new [Actor] Drakes and Gnolls and Humans were performing until their throats needed healing potions. But no one complained; this was their moment and they all felt it. Eight of Pallass’ citizens were already on the roster to come through this week and learn from the cast up close, rather than having to watch through the crowded door. And what might that lead to?
Some things were predictable, like Grimalkin and Relc, happily devising workouts with Erin’s new weights. Wing Commander Embria had joined them this morning, and Erin was tickled to see that she and Grimalkin were getting along like a house on fire. Possibly because Embria seemed to hold Grimalkin in some esteem, or because she was enamored by the weights as they pertained to her soldiers as he was. The [Innkeeper] was about to circulate past them as she helped load some freshly baked pizzas onto plates with Drassi.
“Say what you will about pizza and how bad it is for you, but it’s fast food!”
Erin nodded to the crowd percolating the inn. Drassi only smiled. She was having a great time, listening to the debates around the elections.
“It’s easy to serve! I’ll get the plates out, Erin. You have someone looking for you!”
She pointed. Erin sighed. Someone was always looking for her.
“Do I care? Who is it this time—”
She broke off. The person waving at her and making his careful way across the floor was someone on her list of people to care about. Erin beamed as a tall, elderly Gnoll approached.
“Xif! Hey! Thanks for coming!”
The Gnoll [Alchemist] paused in front of Erin and bowed slightly to her. He smiled around at her, and then vaguely waved; Krshia and her group had spotted him and were coming over.
