Interlude – Lifting Ants
Page 9
She blushed, trying not to look down. Octavia was still in the second day of meeting Saliss, which meant she was still conscious of him, unlike, say, the resigned Watch Captain Venim who could hold a ten-minute long conversation without so much as breaking eye-contact even with Saliss jiggling and dancing about.
Interestingly, that was what made the Drake pause. Saliss eyed Octavia, and then cleared his throat.
“Well, maybe I’ll put on a towel or something while I’m teaching you. Don’t want Xif getting weird ideas. I have one somewhere around here. Hold on.”
He walked out of the laboratory, undoing the metal latch on the door. Octavia instantly shot to her feet.
“Oh no, Master Saliss! Anything you prefer is fine. Don’t hold back on my account—”
Saliss reappeared with a towel over his privates. He looked like someone coming out of a sauna.
“No, no. I think I need to make one thing clear.”
He pointed at Octavia.
“Me, you? I’m never asking you to do anything…sexual. Or illegal. Or wrong. If you think I am, I probably said it wrong or you heard it weird. This isn’t Nerrhavia. I said that last night, right?”
Octavia stared at Saliss. She nodded slowly.
“I didn’t mean to imply—”
“No, no. Shh for a second.”
Saliss sighed. He came over and leaned on the steel counter, looking at Octavia. Seriously.
“I think we need to talk about it. I know what happens with master-apprentice relationships. The master, male, female, Selphid, begins getting touchy with an apprentice. Or you hear about them in bed. Or getting married. Well, the married thing might be different. But I studied in Nerrhavia. That’s not happening here.”
Octavia felt a surge of relief. Not that she’d thought Saliss was capable of it. But—she did know. She nodded silently. The Drake went on.
“Nerrhavia has a culture of it, right? What’s the expression about sleeping your way to a mastery? Never mind. Well, it happens in Pallass too. Sometimes. If you’re learning anything from me, learn this—no.”
Octavia nodded, then she paused.
“Is it wrong, though, Master Saliss? It is an exchange. It happens in Nerrhavia. I didn’t—well, I didn’t have an opportunity. It’s mostly Silk-castes who get offered that.”
The Named Adventurer paused.
“That’s what I hear. And I suppose that’s Nerrhavia’s way of doing things. Actually, I hear a lot of masters fall in love with their apprentices, or vice-versa. That happens a lot, right?”
The Stitch-Girl nodded. Saliss sighed.
“Here’s what I think of it. A master and an apprentice in the same bed’s like sulfur and fire. If it doesn’t explode, it will poison over time. It’s not an equal combination of ingredients. Believe me. I’ve lived that.”
Octavia’s jaw dropped. Saliss winked at her, but then paused.
“I’ll tell you about it, sometime. Maybe. Now, enough serious stuff. Let’s get to finding what this is!”
He whipped out the sample of the potion and gestured to it. Octavia relaxed. Saliss had challenged one of Nerrhavia’s traditions and she hadn’t known if she agreed with him. Master [Alchemists] walking about and being beloved and powerful was one of the reasons why she’d wanted to become an [Alchemist]. One reason. But she had always hated that transaction; she’d been stuck to grinding while lesser-talented [Alchemists] skipped ahead.
