Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 34
The excuse came when Possel ordered a group of over ten to break up. Not all Gnolls, but either way, it was the ‘no large gatherings’ order. He snapped.
“Break it up! All of you, get moving!”
One of the Gnoll workers glowered at Possel, who had a hand on his club—not the sword he carried. He spat, narrowly missing Possel’s boot.
The Senior Guardsman went for his club. He raised it—and Relc yanked him back.
“Stop that.”
It was a moment. A simple tug, but it took a lot to do. It changed…well, just what happened next.
The crowd broke up, running, and the Gnoll in front of the [Guards] ran too. Possel whirled, red under his scales.
“Relc!”
“Possel.”
“What the hell was that! Did you see him spit on me?”
“I saw him spit on the ground. You nearly bashed his brains in.”
Possel stared at Relc. His voice was trembling.
“Weren’t you listening to what I said?”
“Nope. I’m bad at listening.”
The two Drakes looked at each other and Relc felt the invisible fissure open up. No going back now. He was trembling with nervous energy. He felt like he could see the future. The instant they got back to the Watch House…
No, they didn’t even have to wait for that. A whistle blew and both Senior Guards whirled. Without a word they ran.
Relc got there first, obviously. He saw a melee. More running people. The exact same scene with Possel had played out, only there was no Relc. A Gnoll was on the ground, getting kicked, and two more were flat out.
Including a white-scaled Drake. It looked like someone had clocked him so hard he’d just gone over. Relc saw a squad of six [Guards] blowing a whistle; the street was rumbling, but no one wanted to go up against six—no, eight—[Guards], all wearing armor and armed. Unless…
“Senior Guard. Stop.”
Relc snapped as one of the [Guards] drew back to kick the Gnoll on the ground again. The angry [Guard] glanced up as Possel skidded around the corner.
“Those bastards sprayed us with sewer water!”
He bellowed. All six were soaked to some degree and he’d gotten the worst of it. He drew back his leg to kick. Relc pointed.
“Stop it. Arrest them, but stop kicking them.”
The answer was a snarl. The boot came back, swung forwards—
Relc bent down, and lifted the foot up higher. The Drake went over onto his back with a crash of metal as he overbalanced.
“Relc!”
Possel and the other [Guards] stared at Relc. The Senior Guardsman was breathing hard, although not from the run. Here it was. Here it came.
“That’s enough. They’re under arrest for spraying sewer water on [Guards]. Do you really want to start a fight here? Look around!”
The more level-headed [Guards] looked around and saw the stares. Some of them, even Possel, realized Relc was right. A few more kicks and half the watchers might decide to stop it themselves.
“Call for a prisoner-wagon.”
One muttered. A [Guard] blew the short whistle-call and they all stood there. Staring at Relc. It was a long time before the wagon arrived, and it came with ten more [Guards].
Leave it there. Leave it there.
Relc wasn’t talking to himself. He was staring at the angriest [Guard], who was trying to wash…well, crap off him. He was so angry he couldn’t even hold the water flask without it shaking.
“We’ll load them up. Just calm down. We’ll clean up later.”
One of the [Guards] was trying to talk him down. Relc just watched as all three, including Tesy, were loaded onto the wagon. A few began to wake up. Including the [Painter].
He was like Erin after all. Because as the Drake opened his eyes and spat a bit of bloody saliva out, he looked straight at the [Guards], including the angriest one, and spoke.
