Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 9
Nsiia swung herself up onto the terrace roof and lay on the beams as she saw the servants enter, take the dishes, wipe the table, and leave. They looked for her, but she was as still as stone. She could still hide like a bat, run with hyena packs, fight Gemlions…
But she could not rule her nation. The former-[Empress] closed her eyes. She had lost many Skills. Including—[Wild Riot]. That was something.
[Wild Riot]—A Skill earned in madness. In bloodshed, and war. It was not a skill the [Empress of Beasts] should have had. To compel animals to fight and die? No, there were other Skills far more suited to a class that ruled. That Skill had been—
Nsiia shuddered. She had gained it with Thef’s death. Her beloved Grand Elephant friend, whom she had shared so many Skills with—it had come to her in her grief and rage. She had used it and begun heading down a dark path. One she was glad Flos Reimarch had saved her from.
Odd, to be grateful to a man she was still so angry with. He had denied Tiqr’s strength. Had failed to be the King of Destruction even in his return as he had in his youth. Even now, she could not believe a single army had laid him low. Where was the [King] who destroyed eight nation’s armies in a battle over a month? Where was the man who had come to Tiqr and received its loyalty without a drop of blood shed?
Yet wisdom was perhaps in surrender. For all Tiqr’s animals had died or fled. For all its people were slaves…for all that. Nsiia hoped she would one day reclaim her nation. And neither she nor Flos could do that if she was dead.
Anyways. She had lost her [Empress]’s Skills, but kept some thanks to her new class.
[Animalfriend Exile]. Interestingly—not [Prisoner], but [Exile]. Femithain truly had put few shackles on her, making her more of a dignitary than hostage.
Either way. She’d lost many Skills. Gained a few in return, like her [Famous Name] Skill—and the ones that led young golem-artisans to create endless copies of her. Was it temporary? Depending on if she ever got her Empress class back—she might keep the class, or return herself to her throne. Or combine the two.
All that was for the future, though. In this moment, Nsiia listened to the staff walking away, murmuring—and then she was alone. The Warhawk was far north already, Femithain had gone to oversee the Golem his state was working on under his direction for the grand gladiatorial competition, and they were due to visit Elbe, both on business for Femithain, and to relieve Nsiia’s boredom. She would see some of Illivere’s glories.
And she had two hours before all that. So Nsiia sighed, and flicked out the fork she’d taken from the breakfast table without anyone noticing. It was good silverware, with actual silver in the alloy. Not a knife, but decent.
Nsiia raised it—and stabbed it into her arm as hard as she could. The flash of pain made her double over, clutching at her arm. Blood ran from around the tines and she gripped her arm as pain shot up her arm.
She did not move. Slowly—Nsiia pulled the fork out of her arm. It had gone down as far as it could, nearly hitting bone. She pulled it out slowly, her teeth grinding with the pain. Then, with trembling fingers, she reached for a healing potion and poured just a drop over the bleeding wound.
It closed. Nsiia wiped away the blood.
“Forty three days.”
She whispered. Her punishment for the morning done, she swung herself back down and leapt back towards Femithain’s balcony. She crept inside and looked around.
