Interlude – Carriages and Conversations
Page 6
Ryoka realized that most of what she knew was a Western take on largely Arabian mythology. She also recalled the books on history she’d read.
“Djinni are slaves. Bound to magical objects. Their masters summon them and get three wishes.”
This time the driver snorted. Fierre blinked.
“Three wishes?”
“Er…one?”
“Why would you have one wish? Ryoka, it’s whatever the owner of the Djinni wants. Whoever opens the bottle—lamp—vase, whatever, commands the Djinni until they die by the contract they agree on. Three wishes? Where’d you get that?”
“Oh. Er…I read a story.”
“Hah! The first thing they’d do is ask for more wishes. Obviously.”
The driver tapped the side of her head. Ryoka opened and closed her mouth.
“But that would be against the—never mind. So this contract…”
“The master writes it. And the Djinni agrees. Of course, the master must speak every line of the contract and we are only bound to the verbal language. Woe to one who leaves out an important line.”
The female Djinni’s eyes flashed. Fierre nodded.
“I actually have a copy of a standard Djinni contract, Ryoka. Back in my office. They’re long. You generally read for hours, and that’s to have a personal servant. Few Djinni are bound with anything less. And most get jobs like—”
She nodded at the driver. Ryoka wrinkled her nose.
“They don’t make Djinni act as bodyguards?”
“Some do.”
The Vampire and Djinni chorused. They looked at each other, sizing the other up. Fierre went on, shaking her head.
“But it’s risky, giving Djinni powers to harm anyone. I’d hate to imagine how long even a self-defense clause is. Most are given very binding clauses to, say; act as a servant until the master’s death. Everything expires with the master’s death. And even then, you have to make sure they don’t poison, conspire, suck the air out of the room—”
“That’s a classic.”
The Djinni seemed to be enjoying the description of her roles. Ryoka nodded. Close to her understanding.
“And Djinni are powerful. Not…all powerful, though. Or they’d have ruled the world. But powerful.”
“It depends. I’m betting this Djinni is strong. Isn’t that right?”
For answer, the Djinni grinned.
“I am not allowed to tell you, Vampire. You may test me, if you wish.”
Ryoka went silent. There wasn’t much else to ask. Well, two things. Firstly—
“What happens if a Djinni is freed? Hasn’t that happened, Fierre?”
The Vampire girl went silent. Ryoka had thought it was a natural question to ask. But the Djinni began to laugh.
Her laughter was booming, and it came from inside the carriage and out. She laughed, and it was a mocking sound.
“You are a strange guest, Human girl. A fool. I like that! Would that you had found my vessel. I would have been freed and you would have been dead.”
She twisted in her seat. Ryoka looked at her. The Djinni driver was mocking, her look contemptuous. Some of Ryoka’s fascination turned to irritation.
“Is that so? You’d kill me if I freed you?”
The Djinni turned her head and spat something that fizzled and vanished before it hit the ground. She looked at Fierre, then Ryoka.
“I am a prisoner, little girls. I am a slave. You may command me. But do not think your pathetic sympathy makes us friends. If you set me free, I would happily destroy both of you, Vampire and Human. I am bound to tell the truth. If you would like me to lie—well, I would if you had found my bottle.”
She grinned with all her teeth. Ryoka looked at her.
“Why?”
“Because I could. Does it matter? Does the Oliphant walking on the plains think about the things it steps on?”
