Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 1
The preparations for the conflict had begun interfering with sea trade. Ailendamus warships had clashed twice with Pheislant vessels and were blockading trade to the Dawn Concordat. Any goods headed their way? Well, those ships were ‘accidentally’ intercepted by Ailendamus’ peacekeeping force. Confiscated, or just ‘lost’ during routine searches.
It wasn’t exactly a stealthy maneuver. But it worked well against all three landlocked nations. They didn’t rely on continental trade, but their trade goods and luxuries were being clamped down on.
Just another precursor to the war everyone knew was coming. Now, it didn’t matter to Wistram except that this was a matter of international sovereignty on the waters. And Wistram Academy was—split—on what should be done.
Ailendamus would win. That was Viltach’s belief. He had a strong connection with King Itorin and he preferred to keep it that way by doing…nothing.
The other two Archmages disagreed.
“They can’t block trade! That makes us look bad if we don’t condemn them, even in words.”
Nailihuaile argued for opposition to the Ailendamus fleet’s actions. Only that. Feor was more direct.
“No nation rules the oceans. Ailendamus’ actions cannot be tolerated. Wistram does not take sides.”
That statement was so false that all three Archmages had to pause. Naili snorted, Viltach’s lips quirked, and even Feor paused in acknowledgement of what he’d said. Nevertheless—that was what the Academy said.
“I believe Ailendamus is within its rights. Or will Wistram oppose the nation?”
Viltach looked around challengingly. Naili grumbled, and Feor glanced at her. It came down to a vote in the Council. Nailihuaile mustered her Revivalists who held seats and pushed for a strongly-worded letter of condemnation. Feor tried to use his Centrists, one of the largest factions, to persuade Wistram to go a step beyond, unifying the other coastal nations to oppose Ailendamus and force a cessation to the blockage.
Archmage Viltach threw his Libertarians beside the Revivalists. The two factions hated each other usually, but this was politics. In exchange for his votes on a referendum inviting Chandrarian bazaars to hawk their goods at Wistram in an upcoming fair…Feor lost. Wistram sent words against Ailendamus, conveying their dislike of the blockade. The matter rested.
The ships still sailed the waters, ready to seize anything bound for Terandria. They had truth spells to check even the most tricksome of [Merchants], [Mages] of their own. The warships had fast counterparts who would destroy any would-be blockade runners or smugglers…perhaps some Drowned Ships got through, or the most elusive of [Merchants], but so what? It was working.
That was politics in Wistram. They had, through much arguing over three days, accomplished exactly nothing about the blockade, but done it in such a way that much clout had been expended and gathered. Feor was unhappy, but the fate of the Dawn Concordat wasn’t the highest on his list of priorities. More time to interfere when the war began, if need be.
And that was that. The end. The Academy had spoken, the Council of Mages had voted, and there was nothing more to be said.
…Except of course that there were some people who didn’t obey the rules. They were not Archmages. They had no desire to be that public. And they viewed a nosy bunch of warships interdicting all ships as bad for business. [Smugglers] already had to dodge [Harbormasters] and inspections at the ports. So one faction happily set sail even before the votes had been cast.
They were an Elusive Lot.
 
—-
 
