Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 5
He snapped at the [Depth Captain] who’d lost. She compressed her lips, but signed the document.
“For six months, aye. And the treasure?”
“We wait! A final shipwreck awaits and I will have the entirety of it or naught at all. The landfolk’s luck is running strong. We wait.”
That had been what the quarrel was about. The other ship had wanted to attack now and claim the Swords of Serept. Therrium had disagreed. Now, he had two ships under his command. But—he was restless.
“They have a Kheltian treasure, Captain. Better to cut our losses and seize them now, rather than later?”
The [First Mate] examined her slowly-regrowing fingers as the others tended to their wounds. The defeated crew were doing the same, heads hung low. The Undersea Crews often came to blows. But they didn’t kill each other; they preferred submission to slaughter of their own kind.
“Patience has gotten us further than not. I say we wait. After all—that [Lord] is as keen on the final shipwreck as he is on those relics. What’s worth delaying claiming the blades?”
The crew looked up sharply as Therrium stared around. The [First Mate]’s eyes lit up.
“An even greater treasure, Captain?”
“Exactly. Now, get the ships moving. Get our [Mages]—I’ll blow winds in the sails of the landfolk if I have to!”
Therrium gritted his teeth. He was taking a risk. More treasure. Something…his instincts were screaming there was a double fortune to be had. But he was worried. He cursed as The Emerald Signet moved too slowly for him, for all it was covering the ocean at a quick pace. But it would have been too slow even if it moved as fast as the Illuminary for Therrium.
Because word was spreading. The students had found the Diamond Swords of Serept. And now—everyone was aware of that fact.
 
—-
 
Wil Kallinad was not an idiot. Or he tried not to be. Nor was Captain Lasc. After that day of libations, Wil had suddenly realized the swords made him the biggest target on the sea.
Lasc was already on top of that. He’d posted his most trusted [Sailors] around the chest. Not Inky, in fact, but [Storm Sailors] who’d served with him for over ten years in some cases. And he had blunt words for Wil.
“If you think there’s something worth searching for, I’ll deliver you to this final shipwreck, Lord Kallinad. But until then—I’ll be plotting a course away from every major sailing route, sir. And I’ll treat every vessel we come across as potentially hostile. Any [Pirate] gets wind of this bounty and we’ll be fighting for our lives.”
The chest was under lock and key—well, metaphorically. It was sitting in the center of the ship; the crew had moved it there, but they’d feared to stow it below. Fetohep of Khelt had warned dire consequences for anyone but Wil who touched the blades.
So, now the ship sailed. Wil had helped Lasc plot the most evasive route he could devise towards his final destination. But no one, not even the [Storm Captain] knew where the final shipwreck was. Wil was on tenterhooks—
For the first four days. But he was at sea. And even with the [Storm Captain] and an excellent ship, the sea was vast.
“The Emerald Signet moves faster than most ships her size, especially without as much cargo, sirs. We’re running high on the waters, actually. But we’ll still be six more days at sea.”
Delivan announced. The [Strategists] nodded. They were taking turns guarding the chest with the [Storm Sailors]. And—debating.
“So, what will you do with the swords, Wil? The three of them you can pick, I mean?”
