Interlude – Conversations
Page 18
“Yes. Duh. Stop staring. Didn’t you read the brochure? Don’t make a scene or we’ll never get a copy of the plays! I hear they kick you out if you badmouth them!”
Another Drake hissed at her companion. She dragged him out of the way and gave Pawn a huge stare, but two things had changed the visitors’ reactions.
First was the documentary, which was on repeat in the Free Antinium’s Hive. Pawn had mixed feelings about Ksmvr, but he had prayed for him anyways.
The second was…well, the brochure. Which was offered to new cities, especially ones with the door. It was free, and it had a number of travel advisories.
Cost of using the magical door, times, rules on entering Pallass, Liscor’s own warnings and information. And, among them, two rules. One pertained to the Antinium, emphasizing their status as citizens. The second…
No killing Goblins.
Pawn didn’t know who had arranged for that. Olesm was fighting Liscor’s war, so he had to imagine it was Elirr or the Council. He didn’t know how they’d gotten past Lism. But perhaps it had been…Zevara.
He didn’t see the Watch Captain much these days. Not in person; she was always striding about, teaching the new recruits. A lot of her job was sorting out incidents with visitors.
And, oh, there were a lot. The Antinium passed through the main square, nicknamed Traveller’s Gate already. He heard another shout.
“The day-transport to Pallass is beginning! If you don’t have documentation, please, don’t line up! You’ll just be turned away. A reminder that you will have to pass an inspection and background check!”
That was a snappy, official-looking Gnoll. He was good at his job. He also wasn’t Liska; she’d been fired two days after the door had been moved. Mainly because she was lazy.
However, it was also because the door only opened to Pallass twice a day. No exceptions except diplomatic travel or emergencies. People wondered why—and other cities got the same treatment. It was faster to ride to Esthelm with a Skill than use the door, much to the discontent of regular travellers who had to plan around it.
But that was because of the stream of goods that came through the door. Pallass wanted to send something to Invrisil, or further north? It was an entire operation of organizing the goods coming in and out, holding them for later transit.
Plus, without its proximity to the inn, the door had to be regularly recharged. They had debated keeping it in the inn, but the inn was too small, it wasn’t right, and…no.
The [Guards] at the gates let Pawn and the pilgrims out without a word. He walked up towards the hill with a stream of other people. In fact—it looked like a new group was heading out into the wild green yonder.
That was to say, the Floodplains. Humans mostly, this time. [Farmers], no less. They looked a bit nervous, but they’d already established a base camp and were chatting.
“I reckon it’s Yellats.”
“For a first crop? It’s not worth spit!”
“But they’ll grow fast. Hear me out. Yellats first. But we put up some fast growing trees. Wood’s a premium. Buy some magical fertilizer. And we have an entire grove of Amentus trees. That’s long-term. Short-term? Anything on the list. ‘Scuse me, sir.”
The [Farmer] nodded at Pawn and walked wide of him. But she was leading a group out towards the Floodplains. It wasn’t as dicey as it used to be, but they’d hired a Bronze-rank team for the job, and they were on the lookout for Rock Crabs. Not as many Shield Spiders; now it was cleared up, more [Farmers] had begun heading this way.
