Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 45
Hey, Emperor Laken, I know you were one of the people who helped save my life. I am in your debt. And in debt to more people than I can count.
I am going to repay all debts. At your earliest convenience, if you would like to tell me when is acceptable—I will come to Riverfarm. I would like to meet and speak to Nanette—that’s all I can say right now, and the rest should be left for her.
It seems like it’s been a long time since I was going to go to the Summer Solstice party. However, if you are willing, I will visit you in earnest with my friends and family. I know you have…friends of mine. Not just Griffon Hunt. 
Let’s meet in person. I would like to greet you and thank you. We’ll reckon with the consequences of our actions in full. But I’d like to meet and leave as friends. Best, let me know,
—Erin Solstice
 
Her hands trembled a bit as she put the letter aside for Alcaz to bring to the Mage’s Guild tomorrow. But so it went. Erin Solstice kept glancing at the wall, where the garden showed her more rooms. More gardens. In a bit, perhaps she’d sit in the flower garden to relax.
But she forced herself to keep writing, pausing to think. However difficult…the next letter she pulled out made her think for a long time. Then she wrote her response.
 
From: [Innkeeper] Erin Solstice, The Wandering Inn, Liscor.
To: Archmage Feor, class unknown, Centrists Faction, Wistram Academy.
 
Dear Archmage Feor. Thank you for your letter and offer. It is exceedingly generous, but I have to decline. I don’t believe I can help you yet. I do have <Quests>, but I would like to tell you this:
Everything you want lies above. You may not be ready. Zelkyr was a petty guy from everything I’ve heard. However, you will never get there by staying in Wistram.
[Archmage] Kishkeria roamed Chandrar from her home in Izril. [Archmagus] Tolleve-beis, the Archmage of Dragonfire, another legend of old Chandrar, roamed the world as an adventurer. They did not become [Archmages] in Wistram. 
I would invite you to leave Wistram Academy. Maybe go to the new lands? Maybe elsewhere. They said of [Archmages], once, that a true [Archmage] had gone to a hundred different nations and cast a different spell in each one. 
Come to my inn and I’ll give you a free meal and we can talk about magic. Not that I’m an expert, but as it is now, even with Archmage Eldavin, there’s more to learn outside Wistram’s walls.
Sincerely, 
—Erin Solstice.
 
She was getting a bit grumpy. Erin debated trying to write the letter again, but she decided against it. She had to roll her wheelchair over to the garden’s door.
“Excuse me? Can I get a snack from—? Silveran…why are you still working here? Okay, pass me something munchy.”
She came back with a bowl of lovely crackers and some dips including the silkap dish. Silveran himself offered Erin a lovely Prelon juice. She sipped at it suspiciously, then sighed, smiled, and put the letter aside.
What next…? She picked up another letter, read it, and began to write.
 
To King Itreimedes of Avel, I apologize, but I’m not giving out <Quests> upon request. If I can say so, though, the royal line of Avel never became the finest archers in the world by sitting in their palace. 
Princess De-ra, the greatest archer of Avel, even more than King Avel himself, famously went from nation to nation challenging every archer in the world. Which really annoyed them, but she became the world’s most renowned archer without even becoming the [Queen] of Avel.
