Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 2
Velden pointed up, across the hills. Vess nodded. Velden went on.
“Good, defensive spots. They didn’t come up the road…so the Alliance moved to block them there. If they’re at Lookout Lookout Hill…”
He trailed off. Vess waited, but Velden rolled over. Vess thought about it. Sleepy and full as he was, it only occurred to him right before he slept.
If they were there, the Alliance must have failed. And if Velden didn’t want to say that directly…Vess began to wonder just how bad the war was. Come to that…
This was the second round of recruiting. They had an army. How big was Liscor’s?
 
——
 
Velden’s words quickly became more than a single [Soldier]’s hunch. By the time Luldem’s reinforcement company got to the front, the word was out.
The battles with Liscor were not going well. In fact, they were so not well that the regular army holding the pass had sent everyone they could to hold the line here.
“This is where they stop. Remember it! The Alliance is making a stand. I don’t want any dissenting talk or negative tail wagging!”
An officer walked through each squad’s tent ground the second night, and Vess felt better as the confident Drake strolled along. He even stopped at the Gnoll tents. Velden just grunted.
“[Morale Sergeant].”
Vess’ spirits slipped when he realized it was a Skill.
Velden was silent, tersely speaking with other [Soldiers] who knew something. Vess listened in, but Velden and the others tended to do a lot of talking when no officer was watching. Velden told Vess only some of what he heard.
“…It’ll be intense. Antinium are fighting.”
“The Black Tide?”
Velden nodded. Vess tried to appear calm, but the Drake [Veteran] just hefted his halberd.
“They die like everyone else. We beat them two Antinium Wars running.”
Vess nodded hurriedly.
“But if Liscor’s fielding them—are they allied? Why would Antinium and…”
“They have a Hive. Listen, Vess. Don’t spread it about.”
 
——
 
The older Drake’s injunction didn’t matter much. Everyone was whispering about it. The Antinium were fighting, and they were tearing holes in the Alliance’s forces.
“I heard that the enemy commander’s some high-level [Strategist]. They sniped three officers. They can conjure a hail of arrows. And Liscor’s army sent a company to fight. Veterans.”
“I thought their entire army was Liscor’s?”
“Their mercenary army! The actually dangerous ones!”
Shain snarled at Vess as the other [Soldiers] gossiped. Vess’ stomach dropped even more.
So there were professional soldiers—at least a company of them, though some rumors said four—Antinium who could speak, survivors said, and a high-level [Strategist]. Liscor had fielded Drakes, Gnolls, in surprising numbers, and Humans.
There were more outlandish rumors still, saying that Gold-ranks had joined the forces, but the [Sergeants] and officers came down on any gossip hard. Vess actually got two lashes with Shain, and the welts on his back made him shut up.
None of this made the impending battle at the hill any better. The only thing that cheered Velden up, and kept him from telling Vess to stay behind him and keep his head low and shield up every fifteen minutes before the day of the battle, was some unexpected news.
“There’s some hotshot Drake ‘consultant’ in High Command. I saw him arguing with the brass, and three [Strategists] went storming out of the tent. Also—there’s a group of [Soldiers]. Snooty bastards. Didn’t want to swap stories or anything.”
Vess’ neck spines perked up since he had no ears, and he listened in as Velden gossiped with some other soldiers.
“Really? [Mercenaries]? How’d they look?”
“Sharp.”
