Interlude – Talia
Page 27
“This is an overabundance of caution. Our sentries are well-positioned.”
“And now they have traps.”
Ser Lorell’s mouth worked and he gave up.
“As you will! I shall take third watch. Everyone, to your positions. Let us at least rest well for tomorrow’s encounter. Sir Slayer may set up all the traps he wishes.”
So he did. As the Order of Seasons settled down, pulling gear out of their bags of holding, Talia saw the Goblin Slayer set up eight more traps.
“You take many precautions, sir.”
“I have to. I work alone.”
The Goblin Slayer looked up and looked at Talia. He seemed uneasy at her company. Of course, he was used to isolation. She hesitated.
“You have a number of items in your bag of holding. Traps. I see you use a shortsword. Do you have any other weapons?”
He paused.
“I have another trick. I will use it when we fight if needed.”
“Will you not take supper with us?”
“No.”
Talia conveyed his words to Ser Lorell. The [Knight] grunted sourly, eating from the pot. The fire truly was smokeless, and the light contained by the glade, but some of the [Knights] had taken the Goblin Slayer’s precautions seriously. They were checking their weapons and making sure they lay next to them where they slept.
“Let this adventurer do what he wills, Dame Talia. We shall see his mettle tomorrow.”
He gestured to the Goblin Slayer. The armored figure ate alone, in the darkness far from the fire. Talia kept glancing his way. Ser Eldein sat next to Talia as she ate some stew seasoned with bits of pickled herring.
“You seem intrigued by Sir Slayer, Dame Talia.”
“Just interested, Ser Eldein. He reminds me of the [Hunters] from Terandria. They are much like him.”
The [Spring Knight] nodded, but looked perplexed. Talia smiled.
“Oh, very well. I have another reason. You know that I am a [Lady]?”
“In upbringing, perhaps, but I call you a fellow [Knight] above all.”
His words made Talia smile. She shook her head.
“I mean that I have the class. And I have few Skills I gained before becoming a [Squire]. One of them tells me yon Goblin Slayer is a person of interest.”
“Oh. What is the name of the Skill, if it is not secret?”
It was, but Talia didn’t mind sharing among her comrades.
“It is called [Mark of Worth]. Some [Commanders] and [Leaders] have something like it. In my case, it would help me choose worthy retainers. Not necessarily trustworthy ones, but it does help. I sometimes see such people. There were a few in Riverfarm, for instance.”
“Like the Stitch Witch?”
Talia’s smile vanished.
“Oh yes. Worth comes in many forms. To me, I see notable figures. I wonder what makes this Goblin Slayer so important. Perhaps he is capable of killing thirty Ogres over time.”
“We shall see. Ah, but I have second watch. I should sleep.”
Talia nodded. She bedded down, noting that the Goblin Slayer had vanished. She thought his silhouette might be leaning against a tree. Paranoia? Or…
Her thoughts drifted off and Talia let herself relax. She slept, knowing her watch was nearest to dawn. The [Knights] relaxed, trading off watches with the sentries in the darkness. The fire’s embers had long been extinguished and the forest was silent.
The Ogres fell upon the camp in the night. They might have swept through the heart of the camp and slumbering [Knights] but for the sentries. And the traps. The [Sentries] shouted the alarm seconds before the monsters hit the camp.
