Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 39
“My words carry the seeds of wisdom and your destruction. Ignore my wisdom and remain trapped in the ignorant spawn your people have languished in for eons after the time I was made in. Listen—and each word shall be the current that drives the dagger I give you closer into your own heart.”
The head smiled. And Nsiia was afraid. For she had seen great predators stalking Chandrar’s plains. And this was a beast to fell even the Grand Elephants. A thing which could destroy a nation with words.
“Ask me a question, Empress of Beasts. I can help you reclaim your throne. But you will pay a cost one way or another. Ask! Or will you live without my guidance?”
The Empress had had enough. She grabbed the doorknob and thrust it open. Yinah uttered a scream of defiance as Nsiia slammed the door behind her. The head laughed as it was left in darkness. It heard voices on the other side, the guards, Nsiia’s, and then Femithain’s. It lay there.
Words to destroy nations. Guidance that would lead an empire into ruin. Words to twist truth into weapons. The Oracle of Elbe thought for a while, and then sighed.
“I wish I had the ability to do any of that.”
 
—-
 
“It’s not actually that intelligent, Nsiia. I don’t believe it’s ever led a nation to ruin. It has started several blood feuds. About eighteen deaths directly—several riots. But I very much doubt the ‘Oracle’ knows much of golem construction.”
“But it said—”
Nsiia’s cheeks were red out of the room. She felt like a fool and from Femithain’s quirking lips, even he was trying not to smile.
“It controls the lights. It’s quite good at making an impression. But the ah, Oracle—is only a limited Cognizant-class. It was not designed to be a genius.”
“Oh. So the guidance—”
Femithain coughed.
“First Crafters do come to it for advice and keep it up to date on the world. But I myself don’t trust the Oracle’s words. Nor is it entirely more clever than you or I. I once beat it in a chess game.”
Yinah made a sound as it clung to Nsiia’s head. The former-[Empress] sighed. Femithain looked at the cat.
“So this must be…”
“Yinah. You heard?”
“I did. Nsiia…”
“I would have done worse, but I thought of the grievance it would put you to. Yinah’s legs will never move again. Do not tell me—”
“I have addressed the matter. We shall speak no more of it.”
Nsiia looked up. Femithain offered Yinah a finger. The cat sniffed it and turned her head.
“I regret that we have no [Healers] capable of mending this kind of injury. Will you keep her?”
“Of course. Thank you, Magus-Crafter. About the—Oracle?”
Femithain smiled thinly.
“It is a curio of an ancient time. A warning, as it claims. But hardly as dangerous as it likes to pretend to be. The most dangerous it can get is swaying a gullible First Crafter. But it has resided there for centuries and Illivere still stands. Either it is more predisposed to us than it cares to admit—or it truly is helpless.”
Nsiia sighed. She was going to remember that for ages. She almost wanted to go back in there and throw the head against a wall. Then she blinked.
“You call the Oracle ‘it’. Not she?”
Femithain nodded.
“I asked. And the head told me it was neither male nor female, just made in the image of one.”
That made sense. Nsiia rose. Calmer now, she carried Yinah with her as Femithain rejoined the gathering of First Crafters.
“So this is the intruder who visited the Oracle. And broke one of our Crafter’s legs. She’s troublesome, Magus-Crafter.”
The First Crafter of Elbe met them at the door. She was interesting. Nsiia saw her turn—and the woman’s face had a decorative…attachment on it.
