Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 31
“Strategy is important. It’s all too easy to come up with a winning strategy that relies on one element. But being adaptive? It’s our job to come up with plans that can change an entire army’s battle. However, even with all our training, amateurs can surprise even the best [Strategists]. We can always learn. And we should. Do you have any naval tactics you can share with us?”
Venaz sat back, looking at Inky. She grinned at him.
“Mister Sea Cow, you’ve come to the right place.”
“Sea Cow?”
The other students choked on their drinks. Venaz stared at Inky.
“I take objection to that.”
“Go ahead and do that. And sit back while I spin you a yarn about a few situations I was in that were worse than that.”
It was a good way to pass the time. And Venaz, who was known as ‘Sir Bull’ behind his back, was given another name. Wil had almost forgotten the purpose of the trip or the fact that they were closing on the seventh shipwreck. But he realized when he saw the island in the distance.
“Land ho!”
Someone shouted from the crow’s nest. The [Sailors] and students rushed to the railing, eager to see. The island was mostly a rocky bluff in the sea. Some underground mass of stone that had risen. Or an actual island eroded by time.
“Ah, damn. Look at the rocks! No wonder the ship went down.”
Inky exclaimed. Lasc instantly ordered the ship to slow.
“Delivan, you’re steering. Take us close as you can. We’ll row to the spot if need be.”
“Aye, Captain.”
The [First Mate] gritted his teeth. He had a navigation Skill that helped him see underneath the boat. He moved them forwards slowly, adjusting the ship, swearing at the changing wind. Wil stared at the precipice of rock.
“I don’t…see the boat.”
What he did see was some sand and an actual floor to the ocean—as well as the treacherous outcroppings of stone that could so easily shred a boat’s hull. Inky peered into the waters.
“Might have fallen deeper. We’ll have to dive. But hey—it could be this place wasn’t picked clean. Although…wait…”
She pointed. The [Sailors] peered over the edge. Wil stared into the waters. They were very clear around here and he could see straight down. His heart leapt.
“Look! A ship!”
It had been downed. The hull was cracked in two. But it was unmistakably a ship!
“I don’t see a diver’s sign. Could be its hidden, but it would shine at us.”
Inky was staring down at it. Wil’s heart leapt. He looked around.
“Prepare the diving bell. [Divers], get ready.”
Lasc was calm as could be. But he was smiling, having heard Inky’s words. The other students were perking up. Yerra slid over to Wil.
“Come on, [Strategist] Kallinad. Which wreck is this supposed to be?”
“Well…I don’t want to raise your expectations…”
“Wil!”
The young man’s heart was pounding. It even looked the right size. He took a breath.
“Alright. This may be the site of a cargo ship. With cargo that was meant for…Archmage Zelkyr.”
The students and [Sailors] looked around. So did Lasc. Yerra’s eyes went round.
“No way. Then…”
Everyone stared at the shipwreck. Delivan was looking about.
“We’re good if we hold here, Captain. Drop anchors?”
“Yes. We’ll search the wreck and—”
“Storm Captain! Shipwreck off our aft starboard side!”
Someone shouted. Begal waved and everyone turned to look. Wil stared and then rushed to the other side.
“A second ship?”
This one was torn to bits. Everyone stared at it. A submerged prow—a faded figurehead. Wil saw heads turning to him.
“Was it a fleet meant for Archmage Zelkyr?”
“Perhaps. But the Professor said it was only one.”
