Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 15
“I am one of ten in my squad. I am one of five hundred in my battalion. I am an [Archer]. I was one of Archer Group B in the Free Hive.”
Archer B12 stared at Calruz as he snorted and glared down at him.
“That is not what I meant. You…you are not like the others.”
“I am Archer B12.”
“Yes, but you are not like the other [Archers]. I have seen you shooting. There.”
Calruz pointed at a target. Every Antinium turned and saw a neat cluster of arrows in the center of a bullseye.
The other Antinium didn’t have a spread nearly as good. Archer B12 looked at Calruz as if he had done something wrong.
“I will copy the others.”
Calruz stopped him as he raised his bow.
“No. You are extraordinary. Do not aspire to copying your peers. You stand out. You—”
He pointed at Crusader 51, and the Soldier felt a jolt run through him. Calruz pointed at the other two Antinium.
“You have a coordination about you. You understand posture. You handle your sword like a master. For some reason, you use that mace as if you were born with it in your hand. Though you picked it up…what, yesterday?”
He pointed at Crusaders 51 and 53, who looked at each other in silent shock. They did? Crusader 51 had to admit…it was easy, copying the Minotaur. You just held the sword like he showed you.
He didn’t know why the other Soldiers held it crookedly. Calruz addressed his trainees.
“It is a lesson I am not sure you will understand, but I will repeat it to you. In the House of Minos, warriors are told to understand their strengths. If they are higher-levelled, more skillful, better than other warriors, they should know it and apply their strengths. Obeying orders is a virtue, but there is a time when every warrior must decide how to act. It is not arrogance or bravado, but understanding one’s strengths and limitations. You all have a gift. So you will train with me and show your peers how to fight.”
 
——
 
Crusader 51 had two weeks of training with Calruz directly. In that time, he learned Calruz was right.
The sword was simple. He held a dagger in his off-hand, a long dagger he could stab with, but he only did simple poking motions to threaten an opponent’s face. The same with the two shields on his right, both light and overlapping.
He didn’t…understand how to use all four arms independently. The arm that moved, swung, and changed with his body was his sword-arm.
And that arm slashed down and flicked up and nearly tapped the Minotaur as he leaned back. Calruz grunted.
“You cut well, but your footwork is lacking! There!”
He spun, kicked, and Crusader 51 staggered back, despite trying to cut the Minotaur’s leg. He was good.
The other Antinium? Less.
 
——
 
The five hatchet blows were all easy to parry. Crusader 51 saw each one, and the shield bash coming at his face, and deflected them all, just as he was supposed to do. Then, since he was allowed to attack, he feinted at the face and let his sword swish lower. The shield rose as if his opponent didn’t see it was such an obvious feint.
Crusader 51 poked the tip of his sword gently through another [Crusader]’s armor, in a weak spot under their elbow, and the Antinium froze. In the other duel, Crusader 53 sounded like he was making music.
The metallic thud of metal on metal was like drums. Crusader 51 looked over and saw the Antinium with the mace swinging two in both arms while his shields cheerfully blocked the spear jabbing at him. Three shields were not enough, and Crusader 53 brought down his foe with less aplomb, but almost as quickly as Crusader 51.
