Interlude – Foliana
Page 17
Marian looked alarmed. She nearly trotted around, turning her head, but then she held still. Feshi eyed Marian’s back, looking straight through Foliana. The Squirrel-woman held still. Feshi slowly reached out—and Foliana leaned back. Feshi waved a paw, and Foliana rolled across Marina’s back.
“What are you doing? That tickles!”
Marian giggled, and then scowled at Feshi. The Gnoll blinked. She stared around, patting Marina’s back, then she finally noticed the flattened fur near Marian’s rear. She pointed at it to Umina. The Lizardgirl’s eyes went wide.
“Lady Foliana?”
The Squirrel-woman reappeared grudgingly. Feshi jumped, her brown-eyes going wide with surprise. Marian yelped and immediately began to buck.
“Get off! Get off!”
Her reaction was instinctual, but the Squirrel-woman held on, like a tick, easily riding Marian around. Umina was shouting.
“Marian, stop! It’s Lady Foliana! It’s—”
Marian caught herself and froze. She stared at Foliana with the other two students. The [Rogue] blinked up at her. Then she patted Marian’s back.
“Squirrels are born deaf and blind. Mm. It’s not easy to take care of them. Probably. I’d be a poor mother.”
Umina, Marian, and Feshi exchanged a long glance. After a moment, Umina bowed.
“Lady Foliana, good day to you. Can we—help you in any way?”
“Mm. No? I’m just listening.”
The Squirrel Beastkin idly swung her legs. Marian stared at Feshi, her eyes wide with nerves. She mouthed silently. She’s on my back. The Gnoll girl nodded. Marian spoke in a high-pitched voice.
“Lady Foliana, are you tired? If so, I can transport you wherever you wish to go.”
“No. I want to be here. Babies are funny. I saw a foal once. It was lost. Mm. It grew up after a while.”
“Oh. Um. That’s—they do grow up.”
“Yes.”
The Centauress paused. It was Feshi who broke the silence. She bared her teeth in a wary grin.
“Lady Stalker. Have we offended you in any way?”
“No.”
Foliana was staring idly down the street. Pedestrians were staring at her. Marian hesitated. She looked at Umina and Feshi, but none of them could quite suggest the obvious. At last, Umina opened her mouth.
“Lady Foliana. Do you—what do you want from us?”
She flinched as the three-colored gaze found her. Foliana stared at Umina unblinking, and all three students held their breath. They were sure, intellectually, that they were safe. They were the students of Niers Astoragon!
Three-Color Stalker might be a mysterious person, but she wasn’t some random killer. They knew that—but they weren’t sure. If Foliana had been eating shrimp, Umina would have been running for the gates already.
Absently, Foliana spoke. She looked around blankly, and then pointed in the direction the foal and Lizardbaby had been.
“Babies. Mm. Let’s go find babies.”
The students stared at her. Umina’s jaw worked.
“You mean—find some babies, Lady Foliana? We—we can do that.”
“Yes. Let’s go. Find babies.”
“We can do that. I know a mother down Spicesel Street that—”
Marian babbled, turning around. But then Foliana’s paw pointed.
“No. That way.”
“That way?”
The three female students blinked. Foliana was pointing away from the citadel, into the heart of the city. The Squirrel-woman nodded sagely.
“I know where to find babies. Go that way.”
Marian looked at her friends. But then she began trotting forwards, obediently turning as Foliana instructed her. It wasn’t what she’d had in mind for her day. But she was far too nervous to say no.
 
—-
 
“Here we are.”
Foliana gestured up at the fancy frontage of the…shop they’d come to. Umina’s mouth opened. Feshi blinked up at the sign. Marian just stared.
