Interlude – The Competition
Page 23
This was desolate terrain. Gaoelos watched Shifthold coming up behind them and saw a second mast practically dissolving.
“We’ll be adrift soon. Landing craft down! All passengers aboard! Fill them up as much as you dare. Get to shore. Corbbin—take us about.”
The [Helmsman] looked up. He began to spin the wheel, but hesitated. Gaoelos pointed at Shifthold as his passengers turned to look at him.
“Captain?”
“Aim us straight at Shifthold. Then bring us up to speed. We’ll ram the damned [Alchemist] and take up his time.”
Gaoelos was shivering. And for the first time—he actually feared a mutiny. His mouth kept moving.
“All passengers and as much of the crew—get on the boats and get to shore now. [Storm Sailors] remain!”
The [Alchemist] saw Waterlily coming about. The bombardments actually slackened as Waterlily deployed the landing craft—Gaoelos watched with a sick feeling as the [Alchemist] came on.
He feared neither collision nor the boarding. The madman was actually inviting them!
“Captain, abandon ship! This is sheer suicide!”
“Not if we can slay the [Alchemist]. Go now, Magus. Someone must avenge the Treespeaker and our kin.”
To Gaoelos’ amazement, the [Duelist] had chosen to stay. He was calmly applying poison to the tip of his blade. Then he pointed his sword at Irurx. The [Alchemist] laughed at the challenge as his crew waited. The [Duelist] caught Gaoelos’ eye.
“I took a lesson from the King of Duels. Can we rid the seas of that monster? I’ve heard he is nigh unkillable.”
“Then behead him. We’ll head straight for him. There’s no chance of taking his crew.”
The last [Storm Sailors] on deck were hurling bottled letters and valuables, even their gold, into a chest. Corbbin heaved it overboard with four others. Wills and mementos.
“All boats headed to shore. We need to give them twenty minutes if they’re to make it into hiding, Captain. There’s a poor forest miles ahead—they might be able to hide there or just outrun Irurx. Stay ahead long enough for your folks to chase him off.”
Corbbin looked sick as he saluted. Gaoelos offered him a hand, and the [Storm Sailor] took it grimly and shook his hand.
“An honor to serve with you, Corbbin.”
“[Storm Sailors] die at sea.”
That was his only reply. Then Gaoelos turned back. Shifthold was coming, and the crew called encouragement to the desperate rowers headed to shore.
“Go, go, and don’t stop running!”
“Tell them to find the Sailor’s Locker! Tell them to find—”
“Run, you idiots! Tell that dingy to turn around and run!”
An aggrieved shout from one group at the stern of the ship made Gaoelos turn. His heart sank. Another ship?
A tiny craft was bobbing along the coast. Some poor damned Drakes. It was beginning to turn; the ship must have mistaken the storm as a regular one. Then he heard someone draw in a breath—sharply.
The [Duelist] looked back again and did a double-take. He muttered as Corbbin aimed a wand at the crew of Shifthold, almost in range of small arms.
“That’s no Drake ship. Those aren’t Drakes. Or Dullahans.”
Now, why would he think they were Dullahans? Gaoelos’ head spun around, and he fixed on the small ship.
He would have barely paid attention to it regularly. Only to avoid smashing it; he’d never have to worry about such a ship unless he was doing a sailby of the land or heading into port.
