Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 14
They had some kind of greenish tinge to pale silver, which was apparently what happened to mithril-alloy over thousands of years. However, the details were barely faded; mithril didn’t age much.
The docks themselves could hold fleets of ships. The Wellfar’s berth was one of five—fittingly. And that was for the largest ships in the sea. Ryoka had to rotate just to see the rest of the harbor, and that was when the irregularities began cropping up.
Firstly? No bilge water or filth on the docks. No barnacles, no understandable wear from constant water. The stone—the docks were stone—looked fresh, rather like sandstone, and tiled with brighter walkways. She put it down to enchantments to block that kind of thing, but then she saw the real cause.
Ryoka Griffin had never been to Wistram Academy in truth. If she had—this would have been a slightly familiar scene. As it was, her skin chilled a second as she saw House Terland’s great gift to the north.
Golems. They were uncannily humanoid, many of them. Some were the giant, bulky laborer-types slowly dragging cargo from their ships, but others looked like, well, servants.
To Ryoka, Magnolia Reinhart’s servants had seemed uncannily familiar to a certain era in Earth’s history. Now she realized Magnolia had based the dress and style of her servants off of Terland’s Golems.
They had been carved into their clothing, and they tirelessly pushed mops or maintained the docks. In fact—all of First Landing was more magical than any city Ryoka had seen save Pallass.
She watched as an experienced crew of [Sailors] stepped back from unloading their cargo ship. They’d piled a lot of crates up high on what looked like a dais of stone, a rectangle with a glowing gem in the center. As Ryoka watched, it levitated slowly, and a regular-sized Golem began to pull it on a short tether.
“Mage lifts. It must be priority cargo like Reinhart’s damned sugar. We don’t have as many—mostly the unloading is manual these days. Or simpler.”
The comment came from Etril Wellfar. He nodded to another ship, and Ryoka saw a giant clay Golem being tethered to a unique harness. It had to pull a wheeled cargo container towards a warehouse. In fact, Ryoka saw a primitive rail system to make sure that the wheeled lift wouldn’t slip into the ocean.
“How far we’ve fallen. But this is House Terland’s efficiency at work. With Wellfar’s help. I hope you will visit our lands where you might see the true potential of Golems unleashed.”
A [Lady] with a fan idly spoke, and Ryoka jumped—one of Terland’s representatives was watching the docks with a slight frown.
As if a semi-automated dock were something to scoff at. But then—she had grown up here. And the floating archer-Golem capable of miles-distant bombardment was calmly waiting to return to House Terland’s custody.
So Ryoka understood. She understood this city was going to be wild.
Already, she could see landmarks across First Landing. What was notable—well, aside from the docks—were a few elements Ryoka quickly chronicled for later questions.
Firstly—the city was not all old buildings. Some was mundane stone and wood, which fit a city constantly expanding. It had that old inner city with sturdy walls and had progressively gotten more sprawling as it had grown.
Ryoka saw the largest and most impressive towers and buildings were mostly in the center, near the docks, but a few outliers appeared later on. Each one tended to belong to one of the Five Families.
House Reinhart’s sigil was the only one that Ryoka knew by heart along with Veltras’, but they weren’t exactly hard to guess.
