Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 20
The longest spoon in the world contained a wobbling bit of jellied pasta and sauce. Not pasta and sauce.
Gelatin pasta and sauce. It wobbled like the screaming soul and faith in cuisine of many [Chefs] who saw it.
They just didn’t appreciate good gelatin. Luldem’s squad watched as the Soldier looked at it, then, quite nimbly, took a portion in its mandibles, flipped its head up, and let it slide into it’s real ‘mouth’, which gobbled it down.
“I’m going to be sick.”
One of the squad muttered, but Vess couldn’t look away. Antinium actually had two mouths! Their mandibles and that opening in their face. Horrific…but it ate the gelatin pasta with every sign of enjoyment.
“Stupid thing. We should feed it dirt.”
“And let it keel over? Shut the hell up, Coloz. Are you fighting them or sitting on your tail?”
Velden watched, a hand on his halberd, as Vess gingerly fed the Soldier more.
“What’re we going to do with it?”
“Dunno. Maybe trade it for one of our prisoners? Interrogate it, probably. I hear the mercenaries are interested. But they’re just sending one of their officers. High Command says it’s looking for someone to interrogate it, too.”
Vess looked up. That wasn’t encouraging. Then again, this was no officer so it made sense. If they’d gotten the Antinium who spoke, maybe.
He kept watching it. Once they’d pulled it away from the Worker, the Soldier had begun to fight. A bit. It had struggled, trying to break free, and bit at a few boots when the kicking started.
Now? It just sat there. It looked like it was…waiting.
To die? Vess knew they were monsters, mindless things that swarmed over the enemy. The Black Tide, one of Rhir’s dooms.
It just didn’t gel with the idea of the Soldier holding his comrade. It was something Vess had seen the Alliance’s [Soldiers] do. Holding someone bleeding out, calling for a potion, trying to stem the bleeding that poison or magic refused to let potions work on.
When he’d mentioned it to Velden, the [Sergeant] had just cuffed him.
“Don’t go imagining things, Vess. It probably just lost its direction or something. I hear they do that.”
Why…then why did they have voices? Why did he think they were glaring at him across the battlefield? Why had that Worker cursed them to…hell? Rhir’s hell?
Vess didn’t know, but he realized this Antinium was important soon enough.
 
——
 
“What is your unit? Unit. U-n-i-t? This thing’s stupid, [Sergeant].”
The Soldier stared blankly at one of Big Yam, trying to interrogate it ahead of the others. Velden snorted.
“And you’re some [Interrogator]? Soldiers don’t have units, you lizard-brained idiot.”
“Oh…”
Big Yam was sitting around, relieved not to be in the soup. Apparently…it was ugly. The Antinium had taken a hell of a beating, that strange Antinium that had saved the last of the Painted Antinium or not.
However, another group had just entered the war, and everyone was talking about it.
“Yoldenites. Those idiots with helmets for brains are on Liscor’s side!”
Some of the Luldem veterans were swearing a blue streak. The Drisshians—the closest city to Yolden—were livid.
“Why is Yolden with Liscor?”
Vess had met a few of them, when they weren’t at war. Velden shrugged.
“Who knows? They’ve always been weird. They don’t have a proper city, they do that stupid call—‘Yaydee Ray’ or whatever. And they’ll help themselves to anything while walking about in their stupid helmets. Inbred idiots.”
