Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 62
“Yes. Satar Silverfang, I believe. A…penpal of mine of whom I have found myself regularly corresponding brought up the issue. Naturally, it was within my vast purview, and I have taken it upon myself to answer the request in part.”
Satar stopped breathing when she heard her name. Cers touched her arm, then jumped as she inhaled.
“Gnolls. Gnolls have now come to Chandrar, and that was the cause of the King of Destruction’s war with Belchan and Jecrass. I listened to your commentary, Noass of Pallass.”
It was amazing that Fetohep didn’t laugh, and pronounced the Drake’s name so seriously. The Drake shifted uneasily.
“Er, yes, Your Majesty?”
“I found it inaccurate. You speak as if Gnolls came to Chandrar for the first time. As if one of their great [Archmages] did not hail from Chandrar itself. This question about Gnolls practicing magic could have been resolved by simply reading a book. Ah, but I am told that such books are passing rare in Izril. I communicated my surprise that the existence of Gnolls across the world was in such doubt. Even Feshi Weatherfur, who bears one of the Diamond Swords of Serept, did not have sufficient proof.”
“Satar, Satar, what did you do?”
Cetrule was shaking her urgently. Satar burst out.
“I don’t know! I didn’t do anything. We just sent letters, but I didn’t tell Fetohep to do anything. He refused to help at first! Why’s he on the news? It had to be—Mri!”
There was only one person who could even possibly be responsible for this. Cetrule looked around, and the smuggest little girl in the world poked her head out of her tent to look at Satar, confirming Satar’s suspicions. Mrsha’s satisfaction lasted only about five seconds until Krshia stormed out of her tent.
“Mrsh—Mri! You are in big trouble!”
Off the little girl ran, helter-skelter, but it was far too late. Fetohep of Khelt was still speaking.
“Feshi Weatherfur. I have no doubt you are listening to my address.”
“She could be asleep.”
Noass pointed out reasonably. Drassi elbowed him; annoying Fetohep didn’t seem wise. The golden undead’s eyes flashed.
“Then she will hear my words. Feshi Weatherfur, do you doubt your kind’s boast that you came across the world? You are a talented [Strategist]. But you are young. Investigate your possessions. Learn. Hold the dagger above your head. And call for Dorrer of Khelt.”
 
——
 
In the Weatherfur camp, all of the Gnolls turned to Feshi. The Gnoll [Strategist] paled. Then—at Fetohep’s words, raised the dagger over her head. She spoke.
“Dorrer of Khelt?”
The dagger flashed. Black diamond opened a portal to somewhere else, and something rose from the ground.
An undead. A servant in undeath, like the Minotaur champion of old. Like the other warriors bound to serve the wielder and Khelt eternal.
Of course, Feshi knew she could summon warriors to fight for her. But she had never thought…the Gnoll looked down and stepped back as a figure rose.
Like the others, the mummified corpse was so old it had lost almost all of its fur. It was bone in places. Yet even bones revealed the original form. And this warrior, armored in ancient golden metal and holding a spear and shield?
This was a Gnoll. A Gnoll? A Gnoll had once lived in Khelt? Feshi turned, and Fetohep of Khelt had his servants bring in a tapestry so everyone could see it.
“This hangs on the Serept-era hallways, quite appropriately. I had it brought out that I might illustrate my point.”
He smiled with modest satisfaction at his joke. Everyone looked at the illustration, and Drassi gasped.
“Oh my.”
