Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 27
Relc and the Watch never got to the Guildmaster in time. A mob got him first. The question of how Sellme knew—or if this was an unsubstantiated allegation—consumed the day, until previously-silent victims came forwards. Somehow, Sellme had gotten wind and delivered a justice of their own.
The Watch did not look good, of course. Relc sensed the increasing unease. If Sellme was running down Cellidel’s lists of faults…
It was interesting because to the [Senior Guardsman], it rang of guilt. Relc wondered if Klbkch would have been able to use [Detect Guilt] here. The Watch wouldn’t be this jumpy if they really thought all was well. Or maybe they just put it down to those crazy Gnolls.
In fact, it was Gnolls they were watching, convinced Sellme was one of them. They were cracking down hard on those coming in and out of the city.
However, as Relc had observed, it was Sellme’s fourth painting that had caused an actual death. The first had been the Merchant Guild, and the second.
The third made Relc think Sellme was almost certainly a Drake. It wasn’t just that it was ignored; it was deliberately not talked about.
A fresco on a longer section of walls at just over head-height, long and horizontal. It was a mirror of the actual street, complete with pedestrians, a store opening, and had very little of a theme at first.
Until you saw the two male Drakes holding hands and walking together with tails twined as well, and every other pedestrian on the street watching them and whispering—or pointing. Relc had seen it before it was erased.
No one talked about it. Not everything Sellme did was shouted, it seemed. However, if the [Painter] had been disappointed by the third painting, the fourth had drawn blood.
The city was waiting for the painting that came next. Gnolls were hungry for a voice. Tired of…well.
Routine.
 
—-
 
The end of the week and his happy [Merchant]-guarding duties behind him, Relc found he was teaching an entire class. For free!
Well, it was fun. It reminded him of Embria when she used to beg for lessons. He did it in the morning and before he slept, in the courtyard and a bunch of Gnolls and Drakes came, even some adults, to learn from an actual [Spearmaster].
Some didn’t have talent, patience, or any other quality. Some though—had a spark.
Not Vok. Ironically, he fell behind a talented Gnoll girl, barely older than Mrsha, who actually mastered a spear-flurry by her fourth day. That was pure talent. However, Relc cheered up the young Gnoll by telling him it was practice that equalized things. Practice; levels rewarded you.
Not everyone practiced; a lot liked to watch Relc’s incredible spear-dances. One of them, among others, came up one day and introduced themselves.
“You have amazing form, [Guardsman]. It’s a shame you use it in the Watch. A [Spearmaster] versus civilians isn’t very fair.”
Relc blinked at the young Drake man, older than Vok, but only a bit, with pale white scales.
“I don’t fight civilians. Just bad guys.”
“Are all the ‘bad guys’ you fight criminals? How many do you kill?”
Vok glanced at the Drake, who was a newcomer to the apartments. They had a strident attitude as they faced Relc. The Senior Guardsman put a claw in one earhole and scratched.
“Most of ‘em. I don’t usually have to kill many people, you know. I just punch them. You see, I have a Skill. It’s called [Relc Punch] and it’s the most powerful technique ever. See? [Relc Punch]!”
He did it to the little girl with talent and she recoiled, shrieking with laughter. The pale-scaled Drake blinked, but then almost smiled. He tilted his head, regarding Relc.
