Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 14
“No! Er—apologies for the interruption, everyone. So—The Emerald Signet’s only chance is to outrun the opposition, is that right, Adventurer Seborn? But I doubt any group would lose the opportunity to seize The Diamond Swords of Serept. Can you rate that as a treasure on a scale of one to ten?”
“Eleven?”
“—And I think we have Archmage Nailihuaile waiting, who can give us a rundown of some of the effects of the blades! If you’re just tuning in, you’re watching Wistram Worldwide live! With me is Adventurer Seborn of the Halfseekers, and we’re…”
The image flicked back to the ship as Noass kept talking. Wil stared. He stared at the ship. Which was…very familiar. He just hadn’t recognized it because he hadn’t seen an aerial view of it.
It was a good view. It had, well a deck full of [Sailors], a nice view of the ship. A [Captain] at the helm. A treasure chest in the center…and sitting next to it…a group of students sitting at a table. Two were sitting on the ground and one was staring into a scrying orb.
Wil stared up at the sky. Then down at the orb. After about a minute, the image of the young man on the deck glanced up straight at the viewers for a second, and then looked back down.
“…Wil. Why are we on the scrying orb?”
Yerranola spoke very, very slowly. Wil’s ears were just ringing.
The Diamond Swords of Serept. And that—that Drake was saying it over and over again. Announcing to the entire damn world that—
“We’re being scried? We’re on the orb?”
Venaz stood up, incredulous. Feshi stood up, hair on end. She stared up, as if she could see the spell monitoring them.
“But how? Why? But they shouldn’t know we have the Swords of Serept. Not unless—”
“Captain Lasc! We have an emergency!”
Wil was on his feet, shouting. The [Captain] looked up, and vaulted over the command deck. He ran towards Wil, looking alarmed. So did the other [Sailors]. Delivan—Venaz swore.
“Wil! We have a spy! We have—”
He turned his head. Merrik and Peki put down their cards. They stared at Inky. The [Storm Sailor] stared back.
“Ah, no. Inky?”
“It wasn’t me!”
Venaz slowly reached for a sword. Merrik was swearing, pulling his armor out of his bag of holding. Captain Lasc looked at Wil, bewildered.
“What’s going on? Lord Kallinad?”
For answer, Wil pointed into the scrying orb. The crew stared into it. And—on the orb—Captain Lasc was captured vaulting over the deck. The view cut back to Noass, who spoke urgently.
“Um. It looks like something’s going on. Hold on, viewers. We are of course monitoring the ship via [Distant Vision], not scrying; the ship is warded. Let me see if we can get ahold of our contact on board the ship. Mister Begal? Hello?”
Suddenly, the voice was duplicated. One of the [Sailors] swore, recoiled, and clapped a hand to his side. A voice was speaking from the man’s pocket. Wil’s head slowly turned.
“Begal?”
“Damn idiot [Mages]—”
Captain Lasc whirled as the [Sailor] grinned and backed up desperately. Lasc turned to Wil.
“What’s going on?”
“They know. Everyone knows we have the swords! They’re broadcasting it from Wistram! They have our position—and we have [Pirates] on our tail!”
Wil leapt to his feet. The [Storm Captain] drew his sword with an oath. Noass peered at the stone in his claw.
“Oh wait, I’m being told we might have to wait until later. We’ll check back in later—uh oh. What’s happening on deck?”
Someone slapped the scrying orb. It went dark. Captain Lasc advanced and Begal stumbled backwards. The [Storm Captain] had drawn his sword and his metal gauntlet flashed.
