Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 40
Some gleaming bit of metal or ceramic actually fused with her skin. It gleamed with some enchantment. But that wasn’t what caught the eye.
What caught the eye were her two Golem-arms. Both were made out of a magical steel alloy that turned them blue-silver. And they were thin, delicate, strong, and the fingers were tipped with some glowing blue crystal. They joined the woman’s shoulders. She was…part-Golem.
The First Crafter of Elbe smiled as Nsiia looked at her arms. She was in her late fifties, probably. She lifted one arm, extending her fingers and flexing them—they were just as nimble as real arms.
“Exquisite, aren’t they? I injured an arm ten years back and decided to replace them. I have yet to properly replace my legs, but I intend to.”
“You…must be First Crafter Inerta. Greetings.”
“And to you, Empress Nsiia.”
“Former—”
The First Crafter waved that away. She stepped forwards.
“You met the Oracle. Did she give you any wisdom?”
She. An interesting difference. It told Nsiia much. Inerta was…well, she made Femithain look disinterested in Golems. And she wasn’t the only one.
Other Crafters in Elbe had replaced parts of their body. Femithain saw Nsiia’s stare and coughed.
“Nothing of note from the…Oracle, Inerta. We should get to work.”
“A pity. I had hoped she would speak to the Empress of Beasts. Perhaps another time. I am glad you only damaged flesh, not a Golem. I made that one myself. We shall speak later. After the Testing, Empress.”
The First Crafter sighed and drifted into the room. Nsiia looked down at Yinah, who had been captivated by the arms.
“They’re all mad here. Each one.”
The cat just meowed in agreement.
 
—-
 
Femithain left earlier than anticipated. The First Crafters were in agreement; no formal declaration of war would be issued against Reim. Yet.
It was all Nsiia wanted. She rode back with him late into the night. Femithain was receiving [Messages]. One made him pause and he looked at Nsiia before coughing and inquiring whether Yinah would need anything.
Nsiia assured him that she would ask, but the cat just…had to get used to its new conditions. Yinah kept crawling around and meowing. It hurt Nsiia’s heart. It wasn’t even a spinal break; Yinah’s back legs were all that wouldn’t work.
Perhaps…Nsiia had an idea. But before she could put it into action, they arrived back in the capital of Dellva. And waiting to greet her were a flurry of Crafters, who practically besieged the carriage the moment it arrived.
“Empress! Did you make this?”
“By herself? Out of bone? Extraordinary! And the command spells are almost—is it your collaboration, Magus-crafter?”
Nsiia froze as the doors opened. Femithain looked at her steadily over the rim of his spectacles. Outside—the Crafters were excitedly crowded around a moving thing on the ground. Made of bone.
It was her Golem Cat.
 
—-
 
It was simple, really. A servant had been checking for moths while the two were gone and found the cat hidden in Nsiia’s closet. She should have buried the pieces or…
The strange part was that no one was angry. Femithain was bothered, especially since it turned out that Nsiia had stolen so many tools and pieces from his workshop.
But the Crafters? The populace of the city at large? They were agog over the Cat Golem made of bone. Admiring, even.
“It’s perfectly designed! See how it moves like a cat? It can flex—curl up—how did you do it?”
Nsiia was a bit…offended no one was trying to arrest her or even chastise her.
“I made it out of segments.”
“Yes, but the skill of it—”
