Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 12
Bepol’s scales turned pale, but he threw a salute that said that he had been taught enough of when to shut up. Olesm was looking between Embria and Bepol, searching for something to say. He eventually snapped.
“Wing Commander Embria. A bit too frank. Division Leader Bepol and your company will serve together. Liscor’s army is inexperienced, but I’m sure you trust them as much as I, if you’re willing to fight alongside them.”
Embria’s cheeks darkened and she saluted, staring at the sky.
“Yes, Commander. I apologize for the outburst.”
Olesm exhaled. Then he heard a confusion of voices, and Embria was relieved to look sideways and see…
“Commander Olesm. Commander Embria, and Division Leaders Bepol and Ramia. I apologize, but my Antinium division has summited the hill and we are out-of-place. I apologize for preceding the other [Soldiers], but I did not realize we had moved ahead of them. Should we go back down and wait?”
Belgrade, the Antinium [Trapsetter Strategist], hurried over, looking distraught and embarrassed. Embria turned and saw his two fellow commanders, the Armored Antinium’s Prognugators, Tersk and Dekass, ordering the Antinium into neat ranks as they stood, some a bit dusty, but on the summit.
All of them. Well, most, and the rest were appearing so fast 4th Company looked startled at their speed.
“How did you…? Er, Strategist Belgrade? You’re not out of place. If anything—how did you do that? Did you dig your way up?”
The shorter Worker was wearing chainmail, and he had a sword, but he was a [Strategist] to his core. He was confused for a moment, then moved his mandibles up.
“Ah, Olesm. I apologize, Commander Olesm. That is a funny joke, ha-ha. Antinium cannot dig as fast as that. I saw that the Antinium were performing below-average in climbing the hill due to the weight of their armor. So I remedied the problem.”
Olesm, Embria, and the two [Division Leaders] all exchanged glances. There were a handful of [Tacticians] and other lower-level officers, and everyone trooped over to see what Belgrade meant.
What they saw was simple, known to Embria—and still impressed her.
In the short time since she had lost sight of the Free Antinium’s group, a simple structure had appeared in its place. The Antinium climbing the hill and passing the other [Soldiers], who looked enviously onwards, were all climbing, securely anchoring themselves to…
Ropes. Someone had hammered pitons and anchored ropes from the top downwards, letting the [Crusaders] balance and climb up. Not more than four per rope, and only the sturdiest lines at that, but it made it exponentially faster—especially because a slip was far less likely with Antinium holding the ropes.
“We do that all the time with tough terrain.”
Vell muttered, folding her arms as if the Antinium were doing nothing new. Embria bit her lip. They did do that in Liscor’s army—but she hadn’t thought of it. Nor was it her go-to idea.
She was a Wing Commander and had looked at her wing and seen they had no problem and stopped there.
Belgrade? Olesm’s eyes lit up. Belgrade was a [Strategist]. The Antinium stood there humbly as Olesm turned to him. He looked at Embria, and the Drake saw Olesm come to a rapid decision.
“It’s quite clear that the Antinium work well under you, wouldn’t you say, Belgrade?”
“They do not need much help, Commander Olesm. The Antinium will fight and are good at fighting. Tersk and Dekass have led armies before.”
Olesm was nodding.
“And your 4th Company is an exemplar, Wing Commander. I imagine they stack up with any one of our army’s other companies?”
