Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 45
They took off, silently. After a second—Mivifa winked out of existence with her mount. Saliss hoped Manus had a [Toxin Healer] ready to help her. In the old days—
 
—-
 
He was coughing. His lungs were burned. The [Healers] were trying to apply potions to him—Saliss tossed a vial down and knocked them aside as the smoke cloud covered him.
His potions. His treatments. And his lungs—unlike Mihaela Godfrey and so many other’s—survived. He had the right resistance, the right treatment. They based future cures against the Flying Antinium and Wrymvr’s toxins on his research.
Too late to do anything to Mihaela’s lungs, though. It had melted vital parts of her breathing organs, and the toxins were etched into her body. Saliss had thought as he recuperated, his broken bones mended—
 
—-
 
“It’s an [Alchemist] who’s best to kill you. And you would be our worst nightmare. Or the biggest challenge.”
Wrymvr the Deathless rose from the ground. Unharmed by the hundred foot fall, despite the small crater it had created.
It, he? Klbkch had said ‘he’. Could the Centenium reproduce? Magical Antinium now—
Magmagel, my entire supply. Saliss hurled it all at Wrymvr. This time the Antinium seemed to try to block it. It lanced out with appendages, so much like a damn Creler, but the gel burst and covered it. It roared, multiples mouths opening, and charged at Saliss. He tossed a vial down.
Pressurized Bottle of Air—
Thwoom. Saliss landed on the ground and posed. Tada! Wrymvr turned towards him as the jars Saliss had used [Delayed Throw] to toss into the air hit the charging Centenium.
Fire. The Centenium turned into a fireball. The Magmagel, the Potions of Blaze, everything—Saliss saw an inferno consume the Centenium in a moment. And Wrymvr screamed.
For a moment. Then Saliss saw a burning shape turn towards him. He saw a flicker—
“Burn my stitches!”
Another curse from his second home. Saliss dodged whatever projectile Wrymvr had just shot at him. Exactly like an Adult Creler! But an Adult Creler—
—Would have died. Wrymvr? Charged. And now Saliss was running from an angry Centenium that was on fire.
“Would you die?”
The Drake unloaded a second arsenal of potions, mainly to slow the Centenium down as Wrymvr took off. Lightning, fire, boom!
The Centenium was knocked out of the air again. So Saliss could stop it from flying! He turned, a jar in hand—
Klbkch the Slayer stood to his left. The Drake froze.
The adventurers were gone. Oh shit. Wrymvr was getting up. Saliss whirled—
“I am not fighting.”
The Slayer walked away. The [Alchemist] stared at him. And then he felt it again.
Something was wr—
Wrymvr lunged across a hundred feet like an oncoming missile. Saliss exploded another vial of air to blow himself away. This time he used up his entire supply of spiderweb vials. That cost over a thousand gold pieces even with my discounts! Slow down, you damn—
The Centenium tore through the webs after about ten seconds. Unstoppable, unstoppable. Saliss didn’t see a damn scratch on it. However—his mind was shrilling at him.
Something was off. He should be dead! Unless—
Again, Wrymvr came for him. Saliss turned—and began running in the opposite direction. [Haste], Potion of the Gecko, Windcutter’s Gel. He zoomed in the opposite direction, turned back.
Wrymvr shrieked as he came at Saliss. He was…slow. And—Saliss narrowed his eyes. He’d barely gotten Mivifa after all that time. Was the Centenium taking it easy? He looked for the Slayer. Maybe. But also, maybe…
Was the Centenium not really that strong? It could destroy armies. But Saliss—remembered—
 
—-
 
