Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 41
“This is worth nothing. Since this island was made—not once has a Goblin King emerged from the Goblins here. Not because your Goblins are less ‘Goblin’. Silly words. If anything, yours know more of the truth and who we should be than any others. And yet, do you know why they will never even become Goblin Lords?”
She was getting annoyed, and the ground was sinking slightly around them, turning into a bog. Izikere didn’t reply, and Greydath went on with a laugh.
“Because your Goblins are as foreign to the rest of the world as Antinium are to Drowned Folk. They cannot lead our people.”
“So you keep searching for a single shining soul among children who can barely talk or remember the truth. My warriors found the tribes that come to greatness. The [Witch] of the Molten Stone tribe of Izril came from these shores. Kraken Eaters were descendants of my people!”
“Tremborag was not. Nor were the Redfangs.”
Izikere gave Greydath a long, cold stare. She didn’t even know their names. Greydath grunted as he tossed the dirt down and dusted his hands.
“I fought for Velan. You hid here even when he came—twice. Once to learn, then to make war.”
“I sent warriors. The Goblin Kings are trapped in the past. If they did not remember, perhaps Goblins would not be hunted.”
Izikere the Guardian’s tone was bitter. Yet Greydath picked up the greatsword she had grown for him out of the oldest tree in the forest and slashed at the ground. He drew a line between them fifty feet long in the soil.
“The past? Have we won? Lost? If that is so—why do they scream war every time they rise?”
“Trapped by madness.”
She turned and wouldn’t look at him. Tremborag was right. Right—and wrong.
Every Goblin Lord who rose with Velan the Kind had been young. Ones he knew, or ones who had come to their position as contemporaries.
The old ones, though—and there were a few—did not go to Velan. They were like Izikere. Only Greydath of Blades had served the Goblin King. And the next might be the last, if he even lasted that long.
He would be hunted, now that the Minotaurs knew he was still alive. A Goblin Lord who had fought with Velan was entirely more alarming to any nation than Izikere was.
Because their fight might start destroying parts of the island, the two Goblins went for a walk. They stood on a cliff over a village, and Greydath watched the necessity of this island.
Young Goblins grew up at any task they wanted. Much like the House of Minos. Yet…the difference was that you could be too good at something.
One Goblin child was making cups out of clay. She knew how to spin the wheel and make a cup as fine as anything you could buy in a Walled City already, and played with colors and shapes.
She was too good with her hands. A [Shaman] had watched her at work for two years. He took the last cup she made from the kiln and then offered the Goblin child a spear. The [Potter]’s face fell, and she protested, but weakly. And stopped when she saw the Goblin Lords looking down at her.
Greydath spoke bitterly as Izikere avoided his glance. The newest recruit slowly joined the most talented Goblins to become warriors.
“She will never become a Goblin Lord. She might, following her passion. Clay would make her a Goblin King. Not blood. Not your choice.”
“She will become a fine warrior. This island is safe, Greydath. Safe—it is a place of Goblins and will not fall. I have met the last two Goblin Kings. I am not as old as you, but when he became a King—Curulac vanished. All that was left was rage. That is what happens to them.”
