Interlude – The Pets of Innworld
Page 17
“Do they have any natural predators?”
“Sure. Crelers, undead…Eater Goats. Sariant Lambs fear them like the plague. Anything that can’t be bought by cuteness.”
Laken was beginning to understand, but still, this beggared his belief a bit. He gestured at the lambs. Cute they might be, but…
“Surely other predators would eat them. Like Bismarck if he was hungry.”
Eloise gave him a patient sigh. She walked over to one of the lambs.
“Your Majesty…watch.”
The [Tea Witch] bent down and seized a lamb by the scruff of the neck. She produced a belt knife, and the lamb freaked out. It opened its mouth and—began to wail.
It cried almost like a child, but—cutely. Instantly, every person looked at Eloise in horror.
“Witch Eloise! What are you doing to the poor creature?”
Even Bismarck came over to protectively shield the lamb. Eloise gave it up without much more of a fuss, and walked back to Laken.
“That sounded like a baby! A cute baby!”
Laken was rattled. His head tracked the lamb, but all he could ‘see’ was its outline. Eloise nodded, adjusting her hat and tucking her knife away.
“It’s just as well you can’t see them, your Majesty. Their charms aren’t working on you. Which is also why we came here, to warn you about the danger. Sariant Lambs are intelligent, and they know what they’re doing. They sought out Riverfarm, so don’t be fooled—they’ll be a pest worse than Vorepillars in the fields since you can kill one, not the other.”
The Unseen Emperor nodded slowly. He had to admit, that the [Witches]’ commentary and his own lack of insight was revealing the Sariant Lambs as little, cynical manipulators rather than the cute, helpless animals.
As if they suddenly sensed that the leader of this place wasn’t being won over, one of the lambs broke away from the crowd and trotted up to Laken. It stopped in front of him, on its bottom, all four hooves raised, and waved them.
“Baah, baaah.”
It was an adorable display. Laken Godart didn’t pick it up.
“It wants you to hold it, your Majesty!”
Miss Yesel called out. Laken bent down. The Sariant Lamb stared up at Laken’s face.
His face, with his closed eyes. The man frowned at the little lamb.
“Hm. It sounds cute.”
The Sariant Lamb backed up, clearly confused at this lack of pure adoration. The other lambs glanced at each other. Then one baahed, and came forwards. It moved past the first, and began nuzzling Laken’s leg.
It was so soft! Laken put out a hand and the second Sariant Lamb began to nuzzle it. He blinked, then smiled despite the [Witch]’s warnings.
“You clever little sh—”
Wiskeria actually kicked at the lamb, but Gamel blocked her. It ran away, crying piteously until it was scooped up. Laken stared at his hand.
“I’ve never felt something so soft!”
“Don’t let them fool you!”
“Witch Wiskeria! Please! I don’t know what you’re talking about, but this won’t lose us productivity or start fights! Your Majesty, we can’t leave these creatures to be eaten up. Won’t you let us take them in?”
The [Emperor] sensed more lambs crowding around as Prost made an appeal on behalf of Riverfarm. He hesitated—then stood and backed up. Behind the line of [Witches].
“Hedag, Eloise, Agratha, Wiskeria—senior [Witches]. Quick conference.”
 
—-
 
Laken had to shake off the soft touch of the Sariant Lamb. The [Witches] gathered around him.
“Alright, what’s the actual concern if we allow them to stay? They’ve already won over everyone here.”
The [Witches] glanced at each other. Laken was almost more wary of the lambs now than before, having experienced their charm. It was almost like magic. It might be magic.
