Interlude – Krshia
Page 21
Elirr nodded. The issue had been discussed at each meeting of the tribes. Not always hotly, and many tribes did not consider it important, but the Silverfang tribe did, as did other tribes who looked to the future and saw the need for [Mages].
“So we have done without [Mages] for a long time. We are not without magic. Our [Shamans] can rival even great [Mages], but it is a different class and we know our lack weakens us. That is why we collected spellbooks for our gift to the tribes, in hopes of creating [Mages]. And then you came along. You, who can cast magic and read spellbooks. A [Mage].”
He smiled down at Mrsha, who scratched at one ear, clearly uneasy about something. But neither adult really noticed. Krshia was too preoccupied with her thoughts. It was wonderful, really. But part of her, a small part, resented how easy it was for Mrsha to read the spellbook. Why did she have the knack? When Ryoka had first given Krshia the spellbook, she and others had spent weeks trying to read it and enduring blistering headaches to no avail. But Mrsha had taught herself.
It was…it made Krshia feel jealous. The instant she realized what she was feeling she stomped on the emotions. Her? Jealous of Mrsha? Why? She had never wanted to become a [Mage]. She had wanted to be a—
Well, maybe that was why. Krshia sighed. She looked down at Mrsha.
“Hope, child. You give us hope. If you can learn magic, maybe we can understand what makes it impossible for [Mages] to appear in our tribes or cities. Why is that? When did the last of the Gnoll [Mages] die? And why did we lose faith in our ability to cast magic?”
Mrsha stared up at Krshia, clearly without an answer. Elirr rumbled as he thought out loud.
“It is not as if it is impossible, Krshia. I have heard rumors of Gnolls who cast magic, who are not [Shamans].”
“So have I. But why are they so few? Because of our feud with Wistram? Because we are unsuited to magic as Wistram said? Because…”
Krshia broke off, shaking her head. It was a mystery, and one she had pledged to resolve. She patted Mrsha on the head as the young cub leaned against her, already tired from spellbooks and the grand fate of Gnolls and magic.
“Ah, Mrsha. Do not worry about it. Just know that you will be important later on. Have another cracker. As for now—Elirr, we must speak of Liscor. And that is a conversation that cannot be put off. It is time to go, I think.”
Elirr nodded. He got to his feet with a groan.
“Past time. We have an hour, but I could use time to set up and clear a space. And my animals need tending to. Will you come with us?”
“Of course. Mrsha, come. We will go to Elirr’s shop. The representatives will gather there. And we must hear what Beilmark has to say.”
 
—-
 
Elirr’s shop was filled with noise when the Gnoll opened his door and ushered Mrsha and Krshia in. That was because Elirr was a [Beast Trainer]. Not a [Beast Tamer], which was the base version of his class, or a [Beast Master], which belonged to those who formed steady bonds with a few chosen animals—or monsters. No, Elirr trained animals.
He ran a pet store. One of five in Liscor and arguably the best. Elirr trained dogs, cats, and birds, although only small pet birds that would live in cages. Just as well, because a certain Antinium [Hunter] would have put him out of business if he’d tried to rear hawks around the city. But mainly, Elirr made his business selling food for dogs, tending to their hurts, and providing all the toys and tools needed to raise animals.
