Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 44
The giant scimitar and the Drathian blade had caught him just at the edges. Lacerated his carapace despite the leather armor he was wearing. The Slayer must not have been able to guess how fast the scimitar cut or the invisible cutting radius around the delicate, single-edged blade from the Drathian isles.
“Hm. Deficient, still. You have the edge on me, Swordsman of Six, Zeter. Speed, equipment—not skill. I wonder about strength?”
He brought a sword up and down. Zeter raised his shield, and realized it was a feint. The Named Adventurer deflected the second sword with his shortsword with an oath.
Strong! The Antinium wasn’t as strong as Zeter either—Klbkch flexed one arm, visibly disappointed.
“Stronger than my Worker form by far. About…three times? I was quite slow. Goblins could stab me. When I let them.”
Zeter heard someone shouting in his ear. He ignored it. This was his chance! He raised his sword. [Sixblade Slash] was a variant of [Grand Slash]! He could use it more than once!
“[Recaptured Sublimity].”
The Swordsman of Six raised his shield and tried to back up too late. He screamed.
“[Perfect Parry]—Manus, teleport me now!”
Klbkch’s blade cut him. The first blow struck the shield and activated the explosive retort. Klbkch wasn’t there to receive it. And the second—Zeter twisted desperately, trying to readjust—
Klbkch ran him through halfway. The Swordsman of Six slashed, screaming, and Klbkch vanished with his swords again. Zeter broke a potion against his side.
“Healing potions.”
The Slayer reappeared, looking annoyed. Then he vanished again.
“Full bombardment! Target the Slayer!”
Arrow-spells were hitting the ground around Zeter. They were trying to cast [Lesser Teleport] to get him up! If he dared reach for a scroll—Zeter was turning, watching as the Slayer kept vanishing and reappearing, dodging spells.
“Countdown! Twenty one, twenty, nineteen—”
The Slayer lashed out, but Zeter caught the first blade, took a non-mortal wound. Heal up! Heal up! He smashed the bottles against his scales, inside his armor.
“—nine, eight—”
The Slayer looked annoyed. Then he seemed to have a thought.
“I wonder if I can use my Skills.”
He raised his sword. Zeter shouted into the speaking stone.
“[Silver Illusion: Whirlwind of Blades].”
The Antinium blurred. He leapt—and crashed, nearly headfirst into the ground as Zeter vanished with a scream of terror. Klbkch lay there for a second. Then he got up. He dusted himself up, and looked around.
“Alas.”
The adventurers on the ground were gone. However…Klbkch thought this was fine. Most of the Twisted Antinium in ambush were pursuing the other Drakes in the area as the Queens directed them onwards. Everything was still fine. He waited for Wrymvr to finish his fight. Or die.
“…Heh.”
 
—-
 
Mivifa and Feathi were melting. They dove, as the Centenium closed in. Wrymvr was not fast. Or rather—he had little agility in the air. He could go fast in a straight line, but the Pegasus and her rider were too agile for him to catch.
But—the acid. The Centenium kept spitting it. Gas, acid—too much to dodge. And Mivifa’s weapons hadn’t left a mark. Now—they were dying and it was closing in.
Wrymvr the Deathless flew at them, spitting from half a dozen orifices the nearly-invisible liquid in the night sky. Then he exploded.
Saliss landed as the fireball encapsulated the Centenium. Wrymvr fell from the sky. Mivifa halted, aborting the dive with effort.
“S—S—”
He hit her in the face with a splash of liquid. The strongest base he had, as if she’d been doused by Acid Fly acid. Feathi too.
“Get out of here, you two!”
