Interlude – Relationships
Page 34
——
 
They were coming, and it was going to be big. Pisces looked at the cheering crowds and then at Lyonette. The [Princess]’ eyes shone as she promised him there would be a hundred times this many people.
“We shall have flags. Flags—and do the Horns have a symbol? Nevermind, we can certainly do House Byres, the, um—Free Antinium’s Hive. Oh dear. But how about you, Ceria? Does the Village of Springwalker have a flag?”
Ceria scratched at her head.
“…You could put a squirrel and an icecube together on a piece of cloth. That’s as good as anything I’ve got. As for a symbol, we used to have a token. It’s a cool hammer. Let me find it for you. Well, Calruz thought it looked good.”
“Flags? Ooh, I’ve got one for my home!”
Jelaqua was agog at the idea. She looked delighted, and even Moore had one he wanted to display. Seborn had a [Pirate]’s flag, and Ulinde had Wistram’s banner.
“Come up with any you want by tomorrow at the earliest. Any of the Thronebearers will have it stitched up. Even a national flag will do, Ceria. Whatever kingdom your village is in.”
“Oh, that’s Erribathe, but we don’t mix with that lot. I’ll do the ice cube squirrel. That’ll be hilarious. Ksmvr, you draw your Hive.”
Ceria’s eyes danced with mirth, but Pisces was troubled. Lyonette turned to him.
“We could put up a flag of, er, the Kingdom of Glass and Glory, Pisces.”
He glanced up, and his eyes flashed.
“My kingdom? Ailendamus? In what scenario would I like to advertise my roots in such a manner, Lyonette?”
He regretted snapping at her, but the instinctive flash of anger and hatred ran through him. Nor did she take offense. The [Princess] just gave him a smile every bit as arch as he could muster. But one of one confidant to another. One Terandrian to another.
“Well, Pisces. I imagine nothing would be more poetic than for the great [Necromancer] of the Horns to claim Ailendamus as his own.”
Or annoy them more. He blinked at her. Then he smirked at imagining their reactions to that. Lyonette was fussing about, and Numbtongue tapped her on the shoulder.
“Lyonette. This sounds like fun—but will Erin be mad?”
This sounded like exactly the same problem as last time. For answer, Lyonette blew out her cheeks.
“I am going to tell her the instant we get back to the inn. But she has her Goblins, and I?”
She looked at the adventurers, who deserved a moment worthy of them. Much less the Antinium. Lyonette straightened the collar of her travelling shirt.
“I believe we’ve settled our roles. Erin can be the frosting. I shall bake this cake myself, this time.”
And hers was going to be organized. Numbtongue licked his lips.
“Get a lot of cakes. With chocolate.”
 
——
 
The coming storm of confections, delights, and, yes, chaos would engulf the inn today and in the days to come. Already, change was coming.
And the name of the change?
Goblins. Little Goblins were wandering around with older ones. One limped around, one-legged, poking at things, and eying her new place of work. The Antinium Workers didn’t quite know what to do.
“Server Ishkr. Server Ishkr. There is a Goblin in the kitchen.”
“Let them look around.”
Ishkr was eying his new coworkers. They were going to be…interesting. But he was busy seating Goblins and pouring mugs of whatever they wanted out as some slapped coins down and watched, to their delight, as it turned into something actually useful like a drink. But the Antinium Worker was nervous.
“Yes, Server Ishkr. But this one is…cooking!”
