Interlude – Dancing and Brawling
Page 14
Mendi paused. The Hurricane’s Fist staggered back, and Orjin saw him wince. He punched again, without the wind this time.
“Mendi’s on guard. She’s feeling him out.”
The masters watched as the Hurricane’s Fist struck Mendi. She blocked, dodging some punches and kicks, and then backed up. Orjin saw her glance at Salthorn—until a punch made her put up her guard.
“Something’s wrong.”
Salthorn had seen it too. The two [Martial Artists] watched as the Dullahan continued to block. She never took a direct punch, although the cult was cheering as the Hurricane’s Fist blasted her with wind and struck relentlessly. Twice, Mendi hit him, one in the side, then in the chest. The other [Martial Artist] stumbled, and then went back on the attack, snarling.
“She’s not pressing him.”
At the end of the minute, the Fury of the Skies stood up. He shouted at his disciple.
“My Hurricane’s Fist! Use a pressure point!”
Instantly, the young Stitch-Man went at Mendi, two fingers aiming for a point along her neck. She backed up. He advanced—and struck. Mendi deflected the finger. She stared at the way the other [Martial Artist] was aiming at her with both hands.
“Hard to hit a pressure point on a Dullahan.”
“What’s that? Like a blow to the groin?”
“Why isn’t she fighting?”
The other of Pomle’s masters were watching, mystified as Mendi backed away. She kept glancing towards them. Then a minute passed.
“Break!”
Orjin shouted. The two warriors went back, the Hurricane’s Fist to thunderous applause. Mendi walked over to the masters.
“Mendi, what’s wrong? Why didn’t you hit back?”
The Dullahan took her time in replying. Then she pointed at the Hurricane’s Fist.
“Master, is that a [Martial Artist]? He has too many openings. And his punches are weak.”
The masters looked at each other. Orjin frowned.
“What do you mean, Mendi?”
“The wind kept blowing in my face when he punched, so I thought it was a feint. But aside from his drop-kick Skill—he’s not hitting me hard. And he has terrible form, even if that is a Skill.”
Orjin had noticed that too. The pressure point poke looked weak. Salthorn glanced at him.
“What do you think, Strongest?”
Slowly, Orjin inspected the Fury of Skies. The other [Martial Artist] was staring at Orjin, challengingly. He looked supremely confident, but Orjin had a thought.
“I think…these might be show-masters. I’m sorry for calling you.”
He turned. And the other warriors of Pomle groaned. Two of them got up at once and walked off. Salii, who had been worried, looked around.
“What? What’s a show-master?”
Salthorn sighed as Mendi looked disappointed.
“It means they practice, but not for a fight. Those moves—splitting the air? Walking on it? Breaking the earth? It looks good and it might be…decent. But they don’t prepare for a fight. Mendi?”
“His guard isn’t there. I hit him three times, and he was all attack. He doesn’t seem to know I can ignore the dust and fight blind.”
The Selphid nodded unhappily.
“Show-master. The Fury of the Skies sounds like one. A [Cult Leader]? Orjin, you don’t think—?”
“They may be tricked. By his abilities.”
Orjin agreed unhappily. The Hurricane Fists had decent Skills, but he’d give a fight to a Silver-rank adventurer with experience any day. As for the Fury of the Skies—he just looked too weak to actually hurt Orjin, who was large and heavier than him by at least twice without a Skill.
Orjin’s enthusiasm for this moment drained out of his feet. He looked at Mendi—the time was running out.
“Mendi.”
