Interlude
Page 7
Lyonette blinked. Water ran down her cheeks. Pawn stared at the tears. And then he looked at the dead. Slowly, he stood.
“Never. We will never forget.”
The Soldiers looked at him. The Worker stood taller. Never, ever. So long as one Antinium lived. Never. Lyonette could not read the emotions running through the Antinium. She turned her head, stared towards a hill with an inn and a shattered roof.
“Come on, Pawn. We’re going home.”
The Worker looked at her. Slowly, Lyonette pulled and guided him towards the hill. The Antinium surrounded their dead. Belgrade stared down at Yellow Splatters. He looked at Anand, but the other [Tactician] had no words. Slowly, the two Workers looked back. The Painted Soldiers stood around Yellow Splatters. They gazed silently at the fallen [Sergeant] and realized the choice was theirs. Theirs alone.
They made their decision.
 
—-
 
Osthia watched the Antinium go. She knelt by the body of a fallen horse, ignoring the stink and the mud and blood that clung to her scales. She had smeared mud onto her body. And she had waited for the Antinium to go.
It was agonizing. Osthia wanted nothing more than to get up and fly past them. But she dared not. That was Klbkch the Slayer she had just seen. And she had recognized the strange Antinium from the battle. They were the enemies of her people.
As were the Humans. Osthia looked around and then dared to crawl a bit further. She was on the lookout; Tyrion Veltras’ army may have left, but a good number of his nobles had split from his army and any one of them could be her doom. She could not be caught.
She had crawled past bodies already rotting, past glowing green flies, through the mud. All to avoid the attention of the Humans. Even now, she hesitated. She had to make it to the city. But her wings were bound. Reiss had kept her under guard until his lines had broken.
She had watched him die. Osthia still wasn’t sure what she thought about it. She knew what had possessed him in his last moments. That dark presence lurking behind his eyes.
Az’kerash. Liscor had to know. Her people had to know. Osthia gritted her teeth. There was at least two miles between her and Liscor. But she had not the strength to keep crawling, nor the patience. She had to risk it all. She got up slowly and began to run.
At first her weary legs betrayed her. But as she ran, stumbling, Osthia found her pace. She ran past and over Goblin bodies. So many. Osthia had seen battlefields before. But this had been a slaughter at the end. She stared at black bodies lying in piles.
They had been the Goblin Lord’s forces. Her enemy. They had killed her uncle and Garusa and so many of her comrades. They deserved death for that alone. But Osthia couldn’t find any victorious glee in her. She only felt numb.
They had died fleeing the Humans. Running away. It hadn’t been a battle. There wasn’t honor in this. But they were Goblins. Just Goblins—
Osthia tripped. She windmilled her arms and her manacled wings flapped uselessly. The Drake caught herself, and stared at the city. She was so close! She sprinted towards it. If she could just get in range of the walls—
Something flickered in the corner of her eye. Who was that? Osthia turned.
Someone was coming. Approaching her at speed, on a horse. A Human? Osthia didn’t bother to look. She put her head down and pumped her arms. She had to get to the city! If they spotted her, noticed she’d been a prisoner—
