Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 8
Heaven was real…but the [Priest] murmured as he looked up from his disciples’ faces.
“Heaven is for all Antinium. It is promised, do not worry, Theophilus. Heaven is for any Antinium who was good, or just was. However young. The only Antinium who might not ever go there…it is an idea, but there is a place that is the opposite of Heaven. That would be Hell. Only an Antinium who did terrible things would go there.”
“Like an Aberration?”
Zimrah asked. Pawn shook his head instantly.
“What is an Aberration but a Worker or Soldier who sees the pain we are going through and rebels? They do terrible things, but they are suffering. That is what I believe.”
Heretical words—until now. Yet Pawn preached that Antinium were in need of something, that life was not good…it could be better. The other [Acolytes] had nodded.
“So if they do not go to a Hell…who would?”
Pawn’s antennae went still. He turned to Theophilus.
“That would be an Antinium who harms their kind deliberately. Who does…bad things that have no excuse.”
“Why would you be one of those Antinium, Pawn? Perhaps…Ksmvr might be one of them? Or Klbckh?”
Theophilus suggested, and Pawn smiled wearily.
“Perhaps. But I feel hellbound.”
“Why?”
The [Priest] knelt there, and his voice was leaden, resolved, and…bitter.
“Because I must send more Antinium to die. Or at least, I will ask it of them. And it seems…”
He checked Belgrade’s desperate missive, which had been handed to him after Xrn and the Free Queen read it.
“…I must ask it of you, my disciples, too. I cannot go. I must remain. To give Antinium a place. And…to pray.”
 
——
 
Prayer. Pawn prayed every day. He used to pray simply for Antinium to live and be happy. Now?
Now he prayed for Erin to live. He tried to level. He believed, Theophilus understood, that if he leveled, if he gathered enough faith…he might bring her back.
He apologized when he asked them for three volunteers to heal Antinium and lead the [Crusaders]. As if it didn’t make perfect sense for them to risk their lives while he remained.
He was important. Theophilus understood he was too, as an [Acolyte]. He could cast [Heal Minor Wounds], which was a miracle beyond spells.
But he was not Pawn, or Belgrade, or Anand, or Garry, or Bird. It was right that they not die.
The world made sense to Theophilus, that way. The Antinium who died were a tragedy that cut Theophilus until he felt like he were the sky when the sky was overladen with wet clouds of rain and they opened up and showered down. What a glorious sight. That was the fount of his faith; that such things could happen. As well as the sheer fact that Pawn had to live. That Heaven had to be guarded and created, on this world as it was beyond.
That one day, Erin Solstice would return.
Oh, and Hectval be punished. The anger Theophilus felt towards that city was a real thing, so he rejoiced when he was sent to lead the [Crusaders].
It was a very strange thing, going to the rocky, barren highlands, seeing so many [Soldiers], and following orders from Belgrade, who told them not to reveal their class. In a way….the highlands felt comforting. If only they could dig into the soil, Theophilus would feel safe.
Yet his duties were simple. He went among the wounded Antinium and murmured.
“[Heal Minor Wounds]. Heaven is real. Reinforcements are coming. I am Theophilus. That is Zimrah and Jerimy. Please, I have a little of Garry’s bread. Eat, in no particular expectation of anything but food tasting good.”
Zimrah used the same miracle and then touched a shaking Soldier with a third hand.
“[Touch of Gentleness]. You are brave.”
