Interlude – Blackmage
Page 15
Montressa shrugged. She’d used an [Invisibility] spell to slip out after Blackmage. He hadn’t even run that fast—not to someone who’d learned [Flash Step]. Her stomach clenched as she remembered who’d taught her the beginnings of both spells. She suppressed the feeling. She’d put it to rest for good soon enough.
“Look, I didn’t hear the passphrase for the room. I wish I had, believe me. It was a passphrase, right?”
Blackmage stared at Montressa, lips sealed. He glared at her. She sighed.
“Don’t be stupid. And don’t reach for that wand—I’ll hit you with a [Flame Arrow] straight between the legs if you so much as try it. I’ve studied magic for years here and I’ve won more duels than you can count. Be reasonable. You’ll never be able to use a tenth of what’s in here, so you might as well make a deal now.”
“With you?”
“Hardly. You think Beatrice and I could shift all this? We’d get so many questions—no. With a haul like this, you’d have to talk to a big player. Someone like Archmage Feor. But why do I think you don’t want to let him know about this place?”
Montressa cocked her head, smiling slightly. Blackmage hesitated.
“You want to make another deal?”
“I’d like a finder’s fee, yeah. Teura’s going to be here any second. She probably can locate you even with the anti-scrying spells we cast on you. You’ll need someone to make contact and I bet you she won’t let you out of her sight. So why don’t we walk out of here, close this place up—”
“It closes itself. I don’t need to say the password out loud.”
“I’ll bet it does. Thanks for telling me there is a password.”
Blackmage shut his mouth. Montressa laughed. She looked around wonderingly.
“Dead gods. One of the legends of Wistram. How did you know? No, first tell me who you want me to contact. Unless your entire plan was finding this place? No, not even a first year’s that stupid.”
The young man eyed her balefully. But he had no choice, so he nodded.
“I want to talk to someone. Actually, I was going to talk to Beatrice again. She’s a Revivalist, right?”
“That’s right. Wait—do you want to talk to Naili?”
“Naili—that’s right.”
“Huh. That is good luck. For you.”
Montressa narrowed her eyes. She nodded after a second.
“Works for me. I’m a Revivalist too, by the way. We’ve never been introduced. Montressa du Valeros.”
“Oh. I’m—Blackmage.”
“Yes, I heard. Afraid of someone learning your true name? It’s not that dangerous. Come on, we’d better get moving if you want to speak to Naili tonight. Not even Feor’s people will follow you that deep into Revivalist territory.”
“Okay. I shouldn’t trust you but—”
“You’ve got no choice. Don’t worry. Secret brokers are as honest as they come. If we’re not we get into more trouble than it’s worth. Let’s run.”
Montressa left the room and saw the door close as soon as Blackmage stepped out. She whistled.
“Incredible. How did you know about this room anyways? It’s a legend in Wistram. You have to pay for the secret about the secret of the Evermote Study.”
Blackmage glanced at Montressa. For the first time since he’d met her, he smiled. This time in what she thought was genuine relief. He was sweaty, nervous. Just a kid. But not just another first-year.
“That’s a secret too. Wanna pay for it?”
The [Mage] glanced at the younger man’s smile and shook her head.
“I doubt I could afford it. Come on.”
