Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 48
It was an armored arm, with some thin scaled armor, but the descending mace caught the arm on the downswing…at the same time as Crusader 53’s other mace caught it on the upswing from the bottom.
With nowhere to go, the arm snapped, and the Drake screamed.
“Aaah!”
He leapt backwards. Crusader 51 ran forwards to stab him through the face, and his blade vanished as a Gnoll parried the blade off the sword. She whirled her own shortswords around.
“Injury! Fall back!”
“Watch out! Those two are better!”
The Gnoll woman turned, and two more of the strange soldiers moved to face Crusader 51 and Crusader 53. But by now, the rest of Squad 5 had seen them.
Multiple squads were engaged, and one of Squad 5 turned to thrust a spear forwards. One of the strange soldiers knocked the spear aside, lunged with a spear, and tried to stab Crusader 58 through the chest!
Crusader 51 and Crusader 53 saw it and reacted instinctively. Crusader 58 hadn’t realized they were enchanted blades, but the two Antinium knocked the blade down and stabbed forwards—only to nearly dissect themselves on the other two [Soldiers]’ blades.
“Huh. They are better.”
The spear-wielding Drake commented. The strange [Soldiers] pulled back, counted the nine Antinium, and, to Crusader 51’s surprise, backed up. They joined another group of their own, cutting into Squad 2.
Did they attack? Squad 5 didn’t know. Tersk wasn’t here. They had to attack. Did they fire arrows? Crusader 51 stared at his severed sword tip. He had no sword.
“Continue fighting! Assist other squads! Do not retreat!”
A voice broke through the stifling darkness. Dekass! Crusader 51 had never been more relieved to hear his voice.
Squad 5 instantly advanced. The enemy turned to face them, dividing themselves up, and Crusader 51 swung his shortsword in place of his regular one.
Strike—parried. Shield block—one of the Drakes took a piece out of it. Slash at an arm and a wince, but no blood because the armor was too tough—
Then Squad 5 was backing up. Crusader 53 was bleeding. Crusader 58 was dead.
Their weapons. One of the Drakes whirled his sword through an Antinium’s arm. He severed Crusader 51’s shortsword as their blades met and turned to stab Crusader 53 in the stomach. The Antinium wavered, falling back, and Crusader 51 planted the jagged end of his sword in the Drake’s eye.
The soldier dropped, and the others spun. Crusader 51 backed up, grabbing for something, and Squad 5 fell back.
“Soldier down.”
One of the Drakes announced with a calm bite to his tone. The others checked the fallen Drake, but the sword hilt was buried in his skull.
Crusader 53. Was he alright? Crusader 51 kept his guard up—and saw the other [Crusader] pouring his healing potion onto his stomach. The wound closed. He would live.
“Do not retreat! I demand reinforcements. Tersk, to me! I must have ranged support! They have enchanted weapons.”
Somewhere, Dekass was shouting at the top of his lungs. Squad 5, in the chaos of it all, found themselves holding with Squads 2, 4, and 9…what remained of them. The enemy advanced, confidently sundering blades and armor. A Drake used a Skill that made his blade set one of the Antinium on fire.
Another drew an arrow and loosed it through a shield. A third raised his shield, blocking a barrage of strikes from three Soldiers, including Crusader 53! A fourth drew his sword in a glittering arc, and Crusader 51’s [Quick Slash] took off his arm.
The Gnoll blinked at his arm, and Crusader 51 ran him through. The other soldiers looked at Crusader 51 and spotted what he was holding.
