Interlude – Dancing and Brawling
Page 11
“They’re showing off.”
He didn’t know why they’d do something like that. Orjin sat on a rock with Salthorn as the group approached. But he didn’t see anyone that looked like a great [Martial Artist].
“Orjin! Orjin! There’s trouble!”
Someone ran up towards the gathering. Orjin’s head turned. Salii, the Drake [Receptionist] appeared, waving her clipboard. She looked unusually worried.
“Salii, the guests are arriving for the sparring. Can this wait?”
“No! it’s about them! Remember how I said some foreign martial arts group was challenging Pomle? The Windcaller’s Wrath?”
“That’s them.”
Orjin nodded towards the group. Salii, nodded, desperately.
“Yes! But Orjin—I didn’t realize! They’re not just a group of [Martial Artists]! They’re a cult!”
The word made some of the [Martial Artists] look over. Orjin frowned.
“What?”
The Drake pointed at the non-fighters.
“They follow their leader, the Fury of Skies. He’s a master [Martial Artist] who promises to make his disciples into the greatest warriors! Everyone else gives money to him and his way of life, leaves their homes—”
“How would giving money to him help them?”
“It’s a way of life! I mean, a cult! It doesn’t have to make sense, Orjin!”
Salii snapped. Orjin just looked at her blankly. Then he noticed something. Someone was walking towards the oasis. Through the air.
There was a murmur. Orjin looked up and saw the Fury of Skies. Walking. And he was no Garuda.
“That’s a powerful level of air-walking. I wonder if he can fly or if that’s his limit?”
Salthorn leaned on one of her training swords as she watched, raising her rotted brows slightly. Orjin just shrugged.
“He’s pretty slow.”
“Orjin! This is important!”
The [Receptionist] snapped. The [Martial Artist] looked at her.
“Why? He asked to fight Pomle’s warriors and their strongest. So he will. That is how we do it, Salii. There is nothing to worry about, even if he has a cult. I don’t have any money to give him.”
“Orjin, he’s a [Cult Master] as well as a [Martial Artist]. This—group follows him blindly, and he’s started chaos in several nations before. If he starts talking to the other experts—”
Salii cut off as the cult stopped at the oasis. The people carrying packs fell to their knees as their leader walked slowly over them. They shouted, as the [Martial Artists] behind them bowed.
“Fury of the Skies! Fury of the Skies!”
And he descended. He was, Orjin saw, a thin Human. His body was covered by silk robes, etched with magic sigils. For protection? He moved slowly, nodding at his disciples and studying Pomle’s warriors with urbane interest. But that wasn’t what made Orjin, Salthorn, and some of the masters stare.
“He’s out of shape.”
The Selphid stared at the Fury of Skies. Orjin corrected her.
“He doesn’t have much muscle.”
“I see baby fat. His body isn’t like yours, Orjin! Or like half of Pomle’s warriors!”
She meant muscular. And yes—Orjin saw some evidence of muscle on the man, but he lacked, well, the pure athleticism you got by training all day. He looked—off. But he was walking in the air.
Without introducing himself, the master of the Windcaller’s Wrath descended to the ground in front of the warriors of Pomle. He spoke in an authoritative voice.
“I am the Fury of Skies. I have come to challenge Pomle’s Strongest, and to show the world of my power. My martial art is powerful. I have mastered the ability to cut the air and sunder the earth!”
He struck a pose, and Orjin saw him inhale. Then he exhaled and shouted.
“Ha!”
