Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 41
There was a warble in that last sentence. Tersk and Dekass turned to Theophilus, and Olesm bared his teeth. It was not kindness. He looked around at the Antinum and saw them eating their horrible paste.
“Don’t you award a ration to surviving battalions, Tersk?”
“As per your orders, Commander. We commend a battalion after every battle.”
“Huh. That bastard offered me enough gold to arm everyone. And food supplies. We don’t have a food shortage. We’re close enough to Liscor and the door…”
Olesm stared blankly at the Antinium slowly eating the paste. Tersk waited.
“Sir?”
“Commander?”
Theophilus was waiting for a reply too. Olesm turned back to him. He gazed at the [Acolyte] and looked around the camp.
“Be angry. They did this to you. Not monsters. Not fate. Hectval’s [Soldiers]. You’re here, fighting and dying, because they killed Erin Solstice. Because of them. You’ll meet them on the battlefield. Think of that.”
Every Antinium in earshot had gone still. Their heads turned to Olesm, and he saw Theophilus step back. Zimrah looked anxious. Tersk? Tersk tilted his head and watched the other Antinium thoughtfully.
That was Olesm’s first change among the Antinium.
 
[Leader Level 17!]
 
——
 
Levelling like an adventurer. Almost none as a [Strategist]…but as a [Leader]?
He leveled. His [Soldiers] died. Was it because Manus was in this war too? Or the sheer losses?
Olesm didn’t know. But he did know his orders had some effect on it.
He leveled again after he instituted a new command.
“All Antinium are to now receive standard Liscorian army rations. Moreover—each new reinforcement of Soldiers and Workers are to be fed, regardless of the time, before entering battle. I would also like to request any supplies of easy-to-read books or other materials from Liscor’s Council…with consultation from Pawn for the objects Painted Antinium use.”
He finished muttering and signed the order. And again, it was not kindness that dictated it, but that dark thought that this would make them stronger.
His officers objected. Wing Commander Embria brought it up with a frown.
“We’ve just shortened our supply line from weeks of reserves to a single week or less. We’ll need to demand far more supplies—which costs coin.”
“We’re ransoming prisoners to the Hectval Alliance. Someone get me Artur. Artur, tell Tersk…”
Olesm summoned the [Banner Leader], who was coincidentally hanging outside of his tent, and the Antinium trotted off. Embria, Bepol, and some of the other [Tacticians] and officers saw Olesm get up.
“Commander, this is a matter of morale.”
Olesm met Embria’s gaze.
“I’m sure. Why don’t we walk over to the Antinium camp? Tersk has agreed to show us something.”
“What? Which is…?”
Embria followed Olesm. The Drake steeled himself. He was not going to enjoy this.
“…Have you checked the supply listings of the Antinium? They never ship more of their food with their reinforcements. Somehow, amazingly, it doesn’t seem like they consume any of their inventory of food. In fact, I think they’ve added to their stock.”
Wing Commander Embria’s brows rose. She had not checked the roster. She and the other officers walked straight into Olesm’s trap. The Drake hadn’t had lunch yet.
He didn’t have dinner, either.
 
 
 
 
Embria, [Wing Commander]
 
She did not write this down, even as an imaginary letter to her father. She could not—she summarized it to the rest of 4th Company like this.
“I just watched Antinium make their food. They had some of their dead. Stripped them of armor—and then began stomping them into paste.”
