Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 14
“Commander Olesm, sir. We don’t intend a coup or anything like that. Have the Wing Commander listen…we’d just like to say our piece. We can’t—won’t have the Antinium in our ranks, sir. It’s not us hating them. It’s just—we can’t. If we go into battle like that again, we’ll fall back. Not desert. We hope you won’t call it rebelling. But I hope you understand.”
Olesm looked at the grim-faced Gnoll, then around at the others. Embria rode up, casually holding her spear, with two of her squads ‘casually’ jogging up.
“Commander Olesm. Problem?”
He saw the Gnoll warily eye her and shook his head.
“No, I think, Wing Commander. What’s your name, Battalion Leader? It’s early, and it’s escaping me.”
“Podk.”
Olesm nodded grimly.
“Come on in, Podk. You and…six more. The rest of you can wait outside. Let’s settle this. Someone get me breakfast.”
 
——
 
In another army, Olesm might have tried this as a mutiny, because it technically was. Embria was glaring daggers, but Olesm had counted how many officers were there. He had a feeling they spoke for the group.
That was what Podk claimed. He looked awkward, even ashamed, but he spoke.
“Is it Manus that’s fighting us? That group led by the [Spearmaster]?”
Olesm had issued a clamp order on discussing that with the lower ranks. He stirred, but Podk went on.
“That’s what everyone’s saying, sir. No one had to tell me. I have eyes, and it’s not like I think they’re Hectval’s best, no. They’re after the Antinium.”
That too was obvious to anyone who had seen…the battles. Olesm gave a grudging nod.
“I understand you refuse to mix ranks with them. Can you reiterate why?”
“Not because we hate them!”
A Human spoke up. She clasped her hands behind her back, and all the officers nodded, some faster than others.
“It’s just that they killed nearly a hundred of us. Today. Tomorrow? If the Antinium aren’t…apart? They’ll do the exact same thing.”
“That’s war, soldier. They’re on one side, we’re on this one. Grab your tail and kiss it if you want, but figure out how to stab them if you’ve got time, not your own side!”
Embria barked, and Podk turned red, but he held his ground.
“It’s not cowardice.”
“Explain it to me, then.”
Olesm saw the Gnoll look around for support and get slow nods. He flexed his paws.
“It’s…I know the Antinium got a thousand reinforcements, sir. Saw them marching up myself. Brave Antinium. We got what, a hundred?”
“Mostly volunteers. Two days ago, yes.”
“Right. If the Antinium took…more casualties. Not that I want it—if they did, would a thousand more come?”
Olesm had a terrible feeling he knew what Podk was getting at. He put aside his rations and looked at the Gnoll.
“Are you putting the Antinium’s lives below yours, Podk?”
The Gnoll met his gaze, unwaveringly.
“Yes, sir. I am. I know they’re Antinium, and I don’t hate them. I saw them save Liscor again and again. But if a thousand of them die, the Hive comes up with more. Somehow. I’ve lived for thirty-three years. If a thousand of us die…Liscor will have more trouble coming up with us. And we will die, with Manus on the attack.”
His paws were clenched so tightly. Yet he said it. Olesm gave him that. If he danced, Olesm would have been tempted to ignite the Kaalblade hanging from his waist.
The [Leader] sat there and calmly picked up a biscuit. He began eating it as the officers watched until they were just uncomfortable enough, not assuming he was mocking them. Make them wait was Maviola’s advice. Even if they have you naked and are looting the mansion, make them wait.
Experienced advice. Olesm nodded.
