Interlude – Meetings and Friendships
Page 16
Of course—those that remembered the turn of more than one century would beg to disagree. One of them was young. ‘Barely’ twice as old as Maviola and Gresaria.
Still old enough to recall his beating heart. The other was so old—she had once forgotten how to smile. But she was a bit more mortal now.
It did not make her kinder. She watched as the woman made out of bone advanced on her. The [Witch] was playing with a bit of string.
The undead woman charged across the stone floor with a roar. Her body was ivory. Her burning eyes filled with malice. Her sword, her shield, also made of bone, enchanted.
The [Stitch Witch], the Spider, twisted her fingers.
A loop of rope as black as midnight, a noose, slithered out of the shadows and wrapped around  Venitra’s foot. The mad charge of the Chosen stopped as the dark rope dragged her back.
And then up. Venitra flailed, slashing, her magic sword trying to slash at the rope that rose upwards. She hung from the ceiling, helpless. More tendrils moved as Belavierr’s fingers twitched, reaching for Venitra, trying to pull her apart as she fought…
“Enough.”
Az’kerash voice was displeased. The former Archmage of Wistram saw Belavierr move a finger.
All the bindings vanished. Venitra fell about fifty feet and hit the ground so hard she cracked the ground. Her body held. It was solid bone.
“Master, I—”
“You have lost, Venitra.”
The Necromancer’s white pupils and black eyes found Venitra. The bone woman slowly sank to one knee. And her carven face was ashamed.
“I—I did, Master.”
“Again. You charged Belavierr. With your enchantments active.”
“Yes, Master. I thought—she would attack me.”
Az’kerash rubbed at his temples. The other watchers, all three of them, stirred. Belavierr was just continuing whatever she was doing with the strings, ignoring Venitra.
“Venitra. Belavierr is a [Witch]. She would never allow you to close with her so easily. You had time to prepare.”
“Yes, Master.”
The bone woman’s head lowered. She heard a sound from the side.
Laughter. It came from two watchers. Ijvani and Bea. They were watching her, reveling in her defeat. Kerash just appraised Belavierr. It was his turn next.
“Venitra, only a fool charges in. You are no fool. You trust in your construction too much. I have instructed you as to how Cognita fought. And you are modeled after her—”
The Necromancer was having a new challenge in his existence. And that was teaching. He had been a fabulous teacher in the academy. But he had never taught children.
And the Chosen were his children. His creations. Now, four of them waited, learning how to fight. They were all below Level 10.
But they were leveling. The Necromancer had found the key to granting creations the ability to level. True sapience as the world understood it.
That he owed that revelation to an apprentice less than half his levels was one of those embarrassing secrets of history. But now—his existing Chosen had been granted the ability to level and they were learning from Az’kerash as his true children.
It…wasn’t going well. Venitra sulked as she sat with the others in the bleachers. She watched as Kerash went at Belavierr.
He lost, of course. The [Witch] didn’t even move. She used the binding spells to tear the Gnoll’s arm off, despite his attempts to flank her, confuse her spell among the pillars.
