Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 17
“Don’t worry. You can still see her. Look there. It went up two months ago. I’ve sailed so constantly after the Circle of Thorns I barely saw it myself. But there she is. Our famous [Sculptor], Haeis of Marble, did it.”
And there she was. Ryoka Griffin saw, next to the Bell of First Landing, a smaller statue.
Still life-sized. That was how big the bell was. Someone—a true master—had taken a block of marble and carved…
Gresaria Wellfar. She stood there, spear in hand, pointing outwards, head thrown back, white hair tinged the faintest green blowing in the wind. Even her skin seemed weathered by the sea, but her eyes were flashing as she stood atop that chariot.
It was so lifelike that, but for the right color, Ryoka expected the woman to move at any second. In fact…Ryoka’s heart raced as Lady Buscrei spoke softly.
“Has she changed postures since last I saw her?”
“She has. That’s Haeis for you. His works change posture—like how some paintings change. Do you know, he put it up in secret?”
“House Wellfar didn’t commission it?”
Even Tyrion was interested. Etril’s eyes lingered on his mother as he sailed home.
“No. We didn’t pay him a thing, and I would have—he put it up in the middle of the night. I think it caused a stir. It—damn. Are they still arguing over the statue limit?”
His smile became a frown as they pulled into harbor. Ryoka saw a commotion at the docks. And—she noticed something else—there was another crowd around the statue of Gresaria Wellfar. They had ropes, tools to winch something heavy, a number of horses, and two Golems.
But the [Laborers] took one look at the oncoming Pride of the Wellfar and Lord Etril and backed up fast. He strode towards the gangplank as Ryoka heard the shouting begin. Cheering from the people at the docks, calls to Lord Tyrion, the news crew—she stared around and felt hundreds, thousands of eyes on her.
She hoped this wouldn’t be a scene. But then Ryoka realized her first mistake. Even without the Ryoka special—everyone else here was quite adept at causing a mess themselves.
 
——
 
Erin Solstice had no understanding of First Landing’s cultural heritage or even most of the people with Ryoka. But she didn’t need to know that right now.
“She’s alive! She’s alive, and she hasn’t lost any fingers. Mrsha, see? See?”
Drassi wasn’t being broadcast at the moment. She was still digging towards the keep in the frozen garden, but the fickle news had switched over to The Pride of the Wellfar coming into port for a bit.
They hadn’t really figured out that they could delay broadcasting the news for later yet. So this live event was showing the gigantic ship as it came in, and there was a familiar head of raven-black hair. Of course, she was so far away it could have been a number of people, especially since you couldn’t see the bare feet.
The real clue was the way she kept shifting awkwardly and the wind that was furiously blowing around her despite the more placid breeze elsewhere. Mrsha stared at Ryoka and smiled. Well, well, well. You made it again.
Everyone else in the inn was less happy to see Ryoka, or her company. Noass was waiting to get back to Pallass, but he spat.
“Tyrion Veltras. The hound of the Five Families himself.”
Erin stared at the spit on her floorboards. She pointed at Noass accusingly.
“Clean that up.”
Then she went back to watching. Ryoka was keeping bad company, but what else was new? Well, apparently a lot of things.
Whoever this reporter on the ground was, he was fairly energetic and a good speaker. Candidate for an actual [Reporter] class and employment by the Five Families.
