Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 28
He looked at Niers. And the Titan stared back. He searched Wil’s unhappy face. And then he reached for his drink. Niers thought better of it at the last second and pushed it away. Then he just looked at Wil.
“That’s your question, is it, Wil Kallinad?”
“Yes sir.”
Wil broke away from Niers’ gaze. The Titan nodded thoughtfully.
“A good question. One that will aid your family. Did your father choose it for you? One of your family members?”
Wil flushed.
“They had suggestions, sir. But I chose it myself. Do you think it’s a wise question?”
“Is that your question?”
Niers laughed softly and waved a hand.
“Sorry. No, to be frank, it’s a fine question. And I’ll answer to the spirit of it—I’m not some malicious monster, Wil. But let’s be honest a moment, before I answer. That’s not really what you wanted to ask, is it?”
“…No, sir. It’s not.”
Niers nodded softly. Wil hesitated, opened his mouth, and then shook his head. He rested his hands on his knees, squeezing them tight.
“I won’t change my mind, though, Professor. I owe my family a debt for the ships and all the effort they spent. Not to mention enrolling me here! I can’t ask another one.”
“I understand.”
The Titan’s voice was sympathetic. He paused.
“Out of curiosity, Wil. If you could have asked, what would have been your question?”
The young man looked up. For a moment Niers thought he wouldn’t reply, but then the words spilled out of him in a rush.
“What is the greatest treasure or mystery of this world that you know of concretely that has yet to be uncovered, Professor? To clarify—how may it be found? What are the dangers? Where would one begin searching?”
He looked up, his eyes shining. And then he glanced down. Niers smiled wryly.
“Multiple questions in one. But the spirit is good.”
“I didn’t workshop the question, sir. I knew I wouldn’t ask.”
The [Lord] mumbled again. It was so at odds to the confidence the young man had shown at Daquin. Niers felt for him.
“Why that question, Wil? If you could have asked?”
“Well, the possibility, sir. I don’t know what the best thing to ask for is. A dungeon? A shipwreck? A…a Dragon’s horde? A riddle with an artifact? But you do. So I thought you would answer me fairly. And I have the means to attempt to find whatever you told me!”
Wil looked up, eagerly. He gestured to his clothes, only a bit stained by the night’s frivolities.
“The Kallinad family is wealthy, Professor. And if I made the request, my father might grant me the resources and even forces I asked for. We have ties to the Order of Seasons and to our kingdom, Pheislant. I could request [Knights] to join an expedition, ask for volunteers among my classmates with the summer break coming up—”
He paused.
“The greatest opportunity of a lifetime. It’s romantic, sir, but even though I’m a [Strategist], I’d like to be a hero out of legends. Someone who found some great treasure, or did something truly amazing. Like Thivian Stormless. I know it’s childish, but…”
He looked at Niers. The Titan sat up.
“Childish? Wil, I had the same dream in that Fraerling village. I wanted to be a hero too. Why do you think I was an adventurer all those years? It’s not childish. It’s a dream.”
Wil nodded, eagerly, looking up, validation surging in his eyes. But then his face fell.
“It’s a risk, though, Professor. And it might not pan out. Even if it does, I could die. If it was just me asking, I would. But my family—”
“You won’t change your question? I could answer it, you know.”
That hurt him. Niers regretted saying it, but he had to ask. Wil hesitated, and then hunched down again.
