Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 71
Hrome smiled. Pisces nodded. He rested on the tip of the rapier, lightly, feet poised. Lighter than he had ever been.
“And Merr? Your other [Slaves]? You liked me. You celebrated Leciaun.”
Hrome’s face twisted. He tried to stutter, but Pisces cut him off with a slash of his rapier. Hrome clutched at his throat; it was severed. He gurgled, screaming, choking.
The young man stood there. As Hrome died, he spoke to the man.
“You know, I could not forgive them. Not Emir Riqre, not Igheriz. They were monsters, each and every one. But you? In some ways, you were the worst because you pretended it was normal. How the world should be.”
He did not wait for a response. Pisces turned and walked away. He had a thought and stopped though, and saw Hrome pouring the healing potion on his cut throat.
Their gazes met, and Pisces pointed.
“[Acid Orb].”
Then he walked away.
 
—-
 
The Death of Chains flew across Chandrar, upsetting the world, announcing she had returned. She went to Roshal itself, and fled Lailight Scintillation as they sent their slaves to battle her. Her kin screamed her name as she flew away, swearing to return. She would not die until every chain was broken.
A far smaller story played out here, in the dust and desert. Igheriz was ash. So were many of the [Slavers]. But the rest had been piled together.
Pisces buried Cawe, amid the last route of the caravan, as the other [Slavers]’ bodies lay where they were. He thought she might like that.
Pisces Jealnet stood there, as the other [Slaves] watched. He addressed the corpses simply.
“You do not deserve rest. None of you. If there is any redemption in death, you will find it here. So…rise.”
He raised his hand, and cast the first spell as a free man—truly free, now that all had been avenged. Behind him lay the [Slaves]. They would be hunted. Pisces had no idea where his team was.
Yet he lived. His throat was bare. He would never be chained again.
The Skeleton Lord rose slowly to its feet. The bones had fused, leaving a sigil in the ground, the rest consumed. The glowing-eyed undead slowly adjusted its head and turned to face Pisces.
It wore no armor. Its eyes were a light emerald green. It was unarmed. Weaker than the ones created by the Putrid One. Perhaps—beyond his control.
The young man shuddered. A vision of Riqre swam before his eyes. Bearig pleading with him…Eloque’s words. He did not know if necromancy itself had been tainted by what he had done. He stared at his hands.
“It’s not the same.”
The voice came from behind him. Pisces started. Eloque. She stood there, looking at it.
“This is…just necromancy. It’s not part of what he did. It’s not us. Is it?”
The two looked at the undead. Pisces nodded.
“It’s not. I only wonder if I can control it. There are places in undeath I have never dreamed of yet.”
Eloque nodded, but did not step back. All the undead could do was kill her.
Pisces didn’t know if the Skeleton Lord could be commanded. All he knew was that he had sworn to Cawe, to Eloque, to the others, that he would bring them to safety. No matter if he had to cross the ocean and bring them to that one place in the world he called a kind of home. He spoke to the Skeleton Lord.
“The living do such cruel things. You are so much simpler. You were made of things that called themselves men, but I ask you to be more than they were. To give, not take alone. Will you betray my hopes too? Can I make nothing beautiful, nothing that lasts? Will you—help me?”
The undead creation looked at him. Pisces waited, and saw the skull slowly dip.
The Skeleton Lord knelt.
