Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 37
Suddenly, Satar found Gire had joined her investigation into the Doombringer stories. Gire knew a lot of [Shamans], and her very presence opened doors for Satar. She was intelligent, physically perfect…
But she was no [Storyteller]. She listened like a child, open-mouthed if the [Shaman] was good, fidgeting if not—although, when she caught herself, she was the model of attention. Faked attention.
The point was that she was an uncritical audience, insofar as that, while she was intelligent enough to read into a story, she didn’t read it like a [Storyteller]. She was yawning after [Shaman] number four.
“Are you just collecting a list of stories, Satar? Maybe I’ll go find Mri.”
“No…I thought it was just my imagination, but my Skill pointed it out, and now I’m sure. I thought it was just Wild Wastes at first—but it’s…strange. Beyond strange.”
The [Paragon]’s droopy ears perked up. She looked at Satar curiously, and the [Shaman] told her about her Skill.
“[Narrative: Spot Inconsistencies]. Sounds like something an [Interrogator] or [Guardsman] would use. Why is it working now?”
“Because of this. Look at this. I’ve written down the points of each Retelling of the Doombringer stories, as if I were giving you details so you could do it.”
“Oh…you simplified it.”
Without the gregariousness of details, or lurid, descriptive scenes, Satar had broken down each story into component parts, since writing down each [Shaman]’s story verbatim would have killed her ink supply, although it would have given her a great insight into how each one told stories.
However, when you broke down a story, you could make it very simple:
Doombringer comes. They’re chased off with sticks. Tribe dies. Tribe survives? Magic sword is found…
These were the parts of a story, the bare bones. It was arguable there was no story without the details, the meat and muscle and whatnot, but Satar had done this because she had noticed something.
“Look at this. Do you remember the Beast of Albez story?”
“Yes.”
“Well…look at how each [Shaman] tells it.”
Satar showed Gire the list. The [Paragon] flipped through page after page, reading at a speed Satar thought was fake. Her brows furrowed.
“Huh?”
The young [Storyteller] nodded. She felt it. She saw it on the page.
She had asked all the [Shamans] for the Beast of Albez story, and each one had told her it. They all knew it…but as she broke down the components into parts?
Each story was different. Not in the main elements, but in one key way:
The Doombringer.
It was the exact same story. Take out the Doombringer, and you had a fine, if generic tale.
Once upon a time, there was a tribe. Knocte. They lived in the foothills of Albez. However, they failed to heed a warning and the Beast of Albez emerged. One by one, it killed the tribe and lay fat and bloated among their bones. Amidst the tragedy, a Gnoll came to slay it. 
The end.
The odd thing was…the Doombringer popped up in Satar’s story at the start. The Gnoll who was the dire warning to run and flee that the Knocte tribe ignored.
In the Wild Wastes [Shaman]’s story, it was completely different. The Doombringer didn’t appear at the start, but at the very end.
“And as the Beast of Albez lay sleeping, the last Gnoll escaped its clutches and ran off. Their fur turned white, and when other tribes beheld them, they knew Doom had touched the boy. For he carried the doom of Knocte upon him, for the rest of his days. The beast lay dozing, fat and horrid, until one day…”
Another [Shaman] from Weatherfur had the Doombringer at the absolute end, to Satar’s surprise.
