Interlude – Queens and Dragons
Page 12
“Then the Dragonspeaker will be finding a new minder for me. Because the old one went flying with all his fur burnt off by lightning and his bones broken. Before he landed.”
Ferris stared at Rafaema. The beautiful, old and young, gifted and levelless, experienced and sheltered Dragon of Manus looked back at him. The Gnoll considered his options and sighed.
“I’m part of a rotation of your security detail, Lady Rafaema.”
“I know. But you’re in charge. Tell the other three they can cover for you. By the way, I know who’s on my detail. I have access to everything. I also know where you live. My 80th birthday isn’t anything compared to the trouble I can make now. And if I really don’t like what I hear, I’ll fly over those walls right now.”
The Gnoll paused, but there wasn’t really an option. And Rafaema and he both knew that. He looked pretty competent. Manus didn’t assign idiots to her, and the Gnoll was a [Soldier]. Rafaema watched him hurry off. And then she turned back.
Her city was a cage. But she was tired of it. She wasn’t about to wait eighty more years, not with the Antinium. Not when she knew her duty. Yes, duty. Investigating the Antinium and making the right decisions was something Rafaema could do. After all, she was a Dragon. And she could wait, at least until it was time to make her move.
She had forever, after all.
 
—-
 
“Alright! We’re not in trouble! There’s no war! And I am back! Cheers!”
There was a lot of plotting in the world. Lots of big, dramatic speeches, underhanded ploys, schemes—and you know what? It was all stupid. Erin Solstice knew what mattered. Sometimes it was about preparing for the future. Sometimes you had to think ahead.
But if you did that too long, you forgot to smile. And she had stared into the depths of her guilt and sadness. And she had seen her happiness. One was preferable to the other.
Erin Solstice raised her mug filled with apple juice and stood on a table. The inn cheered as her friends and family raised their mugs. The [Innkeeper] raised it and drank the sweet juice.
Lest the present slip away and be lost, smile. That was what she did on her first real day back. Erin drank the juice, sighed—and grinned. Around her, people drank deeply. But Erin wasn’t an alcohol drinker, mostly. Not only did she have [Immunity: Alcohol] until she turned it off, she didn’t really need it.
After all, she liked being in the moment. Erin climbed down from her table as Mrsha finished her cup of milk and smacked it onto the table. Next to her, Relc finished his substantially stronger drink and slammed it down.
“Hah! That’s right! This is how it should be! Whoo!”
The Drake was in good spirits. He cheered and Erin stared at his broken mug.
“Hey! Stop that! Restore!”
She waved her hands and her [Partial Restoration] Skill activated. Relc went cross-eyed as the mug in his hand fixed itself. He grinned.
“I love this place. Hey Erin, can I break a chair? Just for fun?”
“No! Stop that! Put it down!”
Erin Solstice laughed. And that was it. She was back. And the long-delayed celebration was happening at her inn. Relc paused in picking up a chair.
“Aw, come on. For old time’s sake.”
“No! Put it down!”
“Break it, Relc!”
Jelaqua shouted across the inn. The Halfseekers had come through the door to Pallass at the promise of parties and cake. She was sitting next to Maughin. The Drake raised it over his head.
“No! Stop it! Don’t encourage him!”
Erin pointed at Relc. She could have used her aura—but she wouldn’t. She saw people ducking as Relc turned. Then—Mrsha leapt at him.
“Ow! Hey! Stop that!”
