Interlude – The [Rower] and the [Bartender]
Page 9
The few voices that came through to him were from people who had been…where he was. He and Lasica. People who had lost children.
The Demon’s spell had attacked the entire world. Killing children. Not just Pallass. Every major city in the world. Sometimes only one person, chosen by…what, luck?
The Gnoll believed there was some greater, sinister plan at play. He had listened to one of the other parents trying to connect the dots. There had to be. Or else…what?
What was he supposed to do?
For him, there was nothing to fight. He had sent money to Rhir. But would he now grab a spear and enlist?
No. There was Lasica. He was no warrior, and the worst had happened. The future had been destroyed and there was nothing to protect besides her.
These dark days. They told him they would end.
The ones who knew told him the truth. It would not get better. But it would get further away. As if he wanted that. As if that would make it alright.
The comments that had driven Rufelt nearly into a homicidal rage had been the ignorant ones. Well, she wasn’t nearing delivery. What about that city that was overrun by Crelers?
If he had been able to calmly articulate a response, Rufelt would have said those kinds of statements were disingenuous to begin with. Of course he was not the only one suffering. Of course tragedy occurred every day. Yes, miscarriages happened for other reasons.
But never say that to me. Or I’ll kill you.
…He had Lasica. Remember that. Rufelt tried. He tried to not leave her to wallow like he would, made sure they had food, tried to…
Something was wrong. It was nothing he had done. Failed to do? He didn’t know. But their relationship, which had possessed ups and downs, rocks and smooth sailing like anyone else’s, but had been so good? An invisible wedge had been inserted into it.
Worse still, it was nothing she blamed him for. Not out loud, or even implicitly. It was just that everything had been shaken up. And suddenly they weren’t on the same page.
She was distant. When he wanted to talk, she did not. She sought other people’s confidences—her female friends, other mothers. But Rufelt wasn’t with her. And when he was, it lingered, unspoken. Or if he tried…
One month. One month, and Rufelt counted the days between shock, grief, fury at some of his ‘friends’ or well-wishers. Trying not to meet others. Sitting alone. Sitting with Lasica. Listening to the news.
Watching, angry without reason, as the world moved on. Resenting laughter. Attending strategy meetings, trying to make sense of the spell.
He should have been doing something. They were losing money. But neither he nor Lasica could bear to open the bar.
By the same token, he should be doing something. Making money, acting with a purpose for…
There were people that were recommended to him.
[Thought Healers]. Rufelt hadn’t really known the class existed. But this variation on [Carer], [Healer], was there for people who’d seen battle, adventurers. And parents.
He tried to get Lasica to go to one with him. He was terrified to go alone. But she resisted. She did not want to talk about…
And then had come the night when he’d found her burning all of the toys and things they would have used. He, Rufelt, would have saved each one. They’d fought, bitterly.
Now, today? It had been two days since Lasica stormed out of their home over the bar. Rufelt kept sitting at the bar. Waiting for her to come back.
