Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 32
And combat and shapeshifting. The Drake’s thought ran parallel to her words. Mrsha peered up at Nalthaliarstrelous. She nudged him.
Show me. The [Druid] understood her without words. He shook his head.
“This garden is a sacred place. I will not casually move earth. It is just magic anyways. Any [Earth Mage] could do the same, or [Geomancer].”
His tone made it clear what he thought of them. Mrsha wrinkled her nose. She had walked with the [Druids]. But she didn’t understand what made them…unique.
Shassa and Nalthaliarstrelous both smiled at that.
“The answer, Mrsha, is that we are more than just ‘protectors of nature’ like many call us. Your—your mother for one.”
She pointed up at Lyonette, who scowled at them from her hilltop. A bee was buzzing around her, lazily feeding on flowers. Nalthaliarstrelous nodded.
“You saw me dealing justice.”
Smacking bad mens with a club. Mrsha felt that was less…impressive than she had hoped from her class. The [Druids] chuckled.
“Not always. I do not attack [Woodcutters]. Despite what your parent thinks. You may chop down trees. You may hunt for food, or coin, or need. These things are what all people do. But when you destroy, waste lives—that is when I break your legs. My Skills and spells empower me to do that.”
The [Druid] tapped his hand with his staff for emphasis. His palm turned into a valley of thorns. Shassa shook her head.
“Nalthaliarstrelous—his role is more punitive, Mrsha. He deals with people. Myself, I deal with animals. Plants. Animals can be cruel as well. Sometimes they need to be disciplined. A rabid bear must be calmed and healed—or put down. In the same way, plants need water, but sometimes they must also be pruned. This is my role.”
Gently, she uprooted a thistle plant that had migrated into the [Garden of Sanctuary], perhaps borne on someone’s boots. Without malice. Mrsha was puzzled. Wasn’t the thistle a plant? Well—Mrsha would have yanked it up too.
“It doesn’t need to be here. It can serve another purpose as food if boiled, or in other ways. Again, we’re not all like him. I don’t break the law! And while I’m part of Oteslia, I am not under anyone’s command. Nalthaliarstrelous…the Circle of Oteslia is concerned about your involvement in the Antinium affair. We want to talk to you about that as well.”
She pointed at the Human [Druid]. Cautiously. The man ignored the implicit criticism. He addressed both Mrsha and Shassa.
“Sometimes, we must seek the authority of cityfolk to do greater good. Such as that woman. What she gives is more than is asked for. I deem it well enough. And my work is my own law; I am the only [Druid] around Invrisil.”
He meant Magnolia Reinhart. But his thoughts also indicated that [Druids] were rare. A Circle of them—rarer still.
Chastened, Shassa nodded.
“We acknowledge that, Nalthaliarstrelous. But—”
She broke off for a second. Mrsha heard a buzzing. All three [Druids] looked up.
Apista flew upside down past the three [Druids], ignoring the stares. Mrsha distinctly got an impression that if the bee could speak, Apista would be saying—‘whee…look at me, I’m flying!’
“What’s wrong with her?”
The Drake [Druid] looked concerned. Mrsha explained. Flowers. Apista got silly when she drank their nectar. Nalthaliarstrelous shook his head, frowning.
“Those flowers. Just as well they’re not fully matured. Terrible and beautiful. Where did they come from?”
Mrsha wasn’t sure she should explain. The two [Druids] frowned. But they did not press her.
