Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 3
Heavy. But not impossible to walk or even run in! The Armored Antinium had balanced the armor for Antinium, and while the weapons were heavy, the armor was sturdy, and Crusader 51 found himself liking it. If the angry suits of enchanted armor fought him, they wouldn’t tear his arms off as easily!
Squad 5, Battalion 1. That was who he belonged to. That was who he was. Crusader 51 of Squad 5, Battalion 1.
His entire identity had changed. But now he knew what it was. It was all the new warrior of faith knew. He didn’t entirely know what he had signed up for. He didn’t know what his enemy was or what it looked like, only that it was called ‘Hectval’. He didn’t know what Liscor’s army was, or his new role.
But he had a name, an assignment, and that was enough for now. He followed the other Antinium in his squad as they lined up behind Pawn. When they marched into the streets of Liscor to line up in a plaza and swear to go to war against Hectval, Crusader 51 was there. When they trained, he was there. When they marched out of the gates past a crowd that cheered and shouted—even at him—
He was there. When they marched out of the Floodplains, down a long road, and towards the hills where Hectval lay—
Well, by that time, Crusader 51 had learned there was a lot more to the world than his small little Hive.
By the time news broke that Archmage Nailihuaile was slain, and the Archmage of Chandrar, Amerys, was freed, the war against the Hectval-Drisshia-Luldem Alliance had gone on for over three months. At the start, it had seemed simpler, even to non-Antinium.
 
 
 
 
Olesm, [Strategist]
 
“Do you…no, I suppose you think you have to do this. Sorry, that’s a stupid thing to say. So you think you can win? Are you ready?”
The question caught Olesm Swifttail off-guard. He looked up from his last meal in Liscor.
Which, as it turned out, was a drink. Nor was it the lavish meal with Lism, his uncle, set with all his relatives in the city and friends in Wishdrinks, one of the fanciest club-bars, and all comped by the owner.
It was at an open-seating spot at The Drunken Gnoll with Selys Shivertail, and his last ‘meal’ was a drink.
With little pieces of something odd at the bottom. Olesm took a sip and nearly choked on the strange, squishy stuff.
“Gah. What is this?”
“Something tea. It’s experimental. What did Imani…? Palt. Palt, what did Imani call it?”
A passing Centaur serving more drinks to the new clientele of mostly Gnolls stopped and turned. He was wearing a matching apron with the [Chef], who was hard at work at Timbor Parithad’s new inn.
“Boba tea. Well, experimental boba.”
Olesm stopped trying to suck another object out of his sweet-tea, and Selys stopped with her own wooden straw in her mouth. Both had…associations…with experimental drinks from Erin’s inn. Palt saw their looks and hastily clarified.
“All entirely healthy! It’s a sweeter flavorful tea, milk, and frozen fruits. It’s not quite there yet, though, hence the discount.”
He waved at the sign which had ‘Boba Tea’ carefully marked for nine coppers a drink. A bit pricy for a drink—and Olesm put that down to Timbor actually knowing how to price a menu—but it was nice and sweet.
“It’s not bad. I like the idea of having little bits of fruit in my drink.”
Selys chomped down on the cold square of what Olesm now realized was fruit. He took another sip and found he had strawberry? Palt grimaced.
“Yes…it’s not bad if you have it quick. But Imani won’t stop complaining.”
“About something you’ve done or the drink?”
