Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 63
Pisces’ master plan was simple. The odds of him getting a key to his collar alone were remote, even if he could kill a [Guard] with the sword-trick. He hadn’t believed that one key would open all collars; he’d noticed the teeth on it and compared it to the others.
So, if he couldn’t get his key, he had to force a way for it to be revealed, as well as engineer better odds. The obvious answer was Cawe. She was a [Pickpocket] and even if she had been caught—she had a better chance than his.
The trick was Tenir. Pisces had deliberately gone for the bad keys to throw the caravan off. While they all watched him, he’d told Cawe to find the keys he’d tossed free. One of them was a basic key that Tenir would have had; the kind that unlocked all shackles. After all, shackles were different from collars and only one mattered.
With both limbs free, Cawe could steal a key to her own collar. She and Pisces had picked at the lock, trying to match jagged teeth to each [Guard]’s key, identifying which one she needed to steal long in advance. Once she had that? She could unlock her collar, nullify the enchantment and use her Skills without anyone noticing.
Tenir’s keys had gone into the pockets or key rings of the [Guards], replacing the bad ones. They hardly ever unlocked collars except when someone was being sold. Igheriz had been the question.
“Besides, I promised you.”
Eloque and Pisces were last. Everyone else was free, feeling at their necks; most collars had a single key, not being nearly as powerful as Cawe or Pisces’. Only Merr had a special collar. The one key that they’d kept was the one that fit Rophir’s collar.
“I don’t believe it. We’re free!”
“Not free. We’re under guard and he’s still locked up! And chained down!”
Pisces was indeed chained by six pegs Azam had hammered into the ground, and Cawe looked distressed.
“No keys. I’m sorry, I didn’t know—”
“I’m free. No keys? No problem, he’s only got tent pegs on him.”
Merr growled. The [Bandit Lady] reached down and heaved at a tent peg. It slowly began to come up as her Skills activated. Bearig grasped another. To Pisces’ surprise, the [Cook] began to extract one too!
“I’ll have them weighing me down, but it won’t stop a horse ride and I can fight with them. If I have my spells—none of it matters. Cawe. What about the last keys?”
Eloque and his collar. Pisces stared at the Garuda. She didn’t meet his eyes.
“It’s Igheriz. If he caught me—and Azam is always watching. I—”
She shook her head, and Pisces’ heart fell.
Then the [Pickpocket] produced a pair of keys.
“—Really hoped you’d cry.”
Pisces relaxed. He had almost, almost burst out in tears, if he were honest. Eloque began shaking as Cawe handed a key to Shein. She put the key in Pisces’ collar and twisted it.
The collar opened. The Garuda grinned at Pisces. He grinned back.
“That was worthy of tears, Cawe. Now, let’s prepare our escape.”
The others looked at him. Eloque collapsed to her knees, but Bearig urged her up.
“We’ll have to run for the mounts. It will be a fight as we run—but we must run. Azam can’t be stopped, but he’s not fast. If we lose him, they can’t track us.”
Pisces outlined the plan to the others. Astotha shook her head, eyes wide.
“You’re mad! You haven’t seen all his powers! He’ll kill us! And any [Slave] that runs—Igheriz will punish you—we’re dead! We’re not [Fighters]!”
“Merr is. So is Shein.”
“Me? They have more levels on me!”
Shein protested. Pisces overrode both. He looked around, his body singing with power. Yet he kept himself from tapping into his mana. If they noticed…
