Interlude – Conversations
Page 17
“Would you care to purchase any of it?”
She paused. Then offered him the hat.
“The hat is complimentary.”
 
——
 
Almost. That was what they told him.
Almost. Did they need help? Well…he could not go and help them. He could move, and he had acted. But when she wrote to him and told him they were under siege, what could he say?
“I will move mountains?”
No. What he could do was make it worse. That he understood very well. Yet it did seem that he had a role here. Someone had to make sure nothing happened, even though very little did at that inn anymore.
There had been one incident. It had never even reached the front door before being stomped, punched, and obliterated into nothingness.
Some days it was hard to preach faith. Yet many brave and wise and desperate people had gone to find a cure, so when he thought of it, he thought—soon. Soon, and he would go on saying that until the day he died.
Pawn of the Free Antinium swung his censer as he walked through the streets of Liscor, out of the Hive. Workers and Soldiers walked with him.
They did not have to do it. They could have left through another entrance. They could have done this secretly.
That was not the point. The point was when the Workers and Soldiers first saw the sky, they should see it like this. Walk the city they had lived every day of their lives under and breathe fresh air. See Drakes and Gnolls and Humans.
And be seen. If someone stopped them, threw something—it happened. But this was not the first congregation led up like this. People watched. Some pointed; many knew exactly where they were headed.
Not a congregation after all. That was what they were. But they were on…a pilgrimage.
They did not have to go far. Just through the gates, up a hill, to a place where Antinium held guard. They would stop there for a while. Then they would go get a Garry-cookie, or maybe a stroganoff.
Months. Months now. When had it been? Just after the middle of summer, and summer was over. That was a long time, though it had seemed even longer as it passed. Years.
In other places, mere months would not seem such a dramatic shift. Nations had risen over the course of centuries; what was months?
It was a lot. In Liscor especially. After all…
It had been months.
The Antinium congregation made their steady way down the street, so they could see and experience everything. Their heads swivelled, overwhelmed by the sights, smells, even the feel of the wind up here. Pawn saw a shadow following them. He turned his head, but the Drowned Man was just watching. The censer moved. What did he see? Pawn did not pray, but this too was…
Religion.
Yet it was not in a bubble.
“New paper out! The war against Hectval—new arrivals to Liscor! Five new condominiums open at cheap rent!”
A [Crier] was standing in the same place many had for a long time, in one of Liscor’s plazas. But this too was new; he was selling newspapers with the aid of a young Gnoll boy passing them out for copper coins. Pawn himself almost stopped to see if that was referring to Relc.
“One side! Watch coming through! Clear the way! Fire!”
The Antinium halted. They looked to Pawn, readying themselves, but he just gestured and they stepped smoothly to one side of the street. The Watch had this—and if they did not, no one did. Because they weren’t going to be able to rely on the Antinium.
…Not when a line of Drakes and Gnolls led the Antinium and Human [Guards] forwards at a double-time march. A new visitor to the city, clearly, was staring in horror at the Antinium. And Pawn himself.
“They’re just walking about.”
