Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 52
“Why did you have to say it like that? Why do you have to talk about Earth’s weapons? We’re not all warmongers!”
He growled back.
“I told you. I saw them. I saw them shoot me through the eyes, Rose—and then I didn’t see anything after that!”
“You saw a projection! It wasn’t even real people! Do you think we’d just gun you down the instant we saw you?”
“Why not? You told me you love making movies about killing species you haven’t even met!”
“Most of them attack us!”
“You make the movies!”
The screaming match in the background made Mrsha shift slightly. She looked at Yelroan, hesitated, and poked his side. He jumped, nearly leapt into one of the campfires they were sitting around, and stuttered.
“D—er—yes?”
He stared at Mrsha like she was a monster. She eyed him, then pointed.
“Can Mri try on your sunglasses, Mister Yelroan?”
Gire knew who he was. The Gnoll hesitated, then handed them to Mrsha. She put them on and then began to do poses. I am so cool! This is the best pair of sunglasses ever!
The [Mathematician] looked at the girl laughing and doing poses that made Satar giggle with such an expression of pain that he had to turn away. He focused on the screaming match instead.
“You’re so unreasonable!”
Rose hollered. Adetr shouted, his nerves breaking at last.
“Well, I cannot help it! I’m afraid of you!”
Rose stopped. The young woman from California stared up at the Gnoll who had a head and a half on her, and probably three hundred pounds with his steel body. She spoke, surprisingly calmly.
“Adetr. You’re a huge, metal Gnoll. You scare me.”
He looked her in her eyes.
“Your people could kill us all. It would be easy.”
Yelroan turned to frown at Adetr, and the two looked at him guiltily, but the [Mathematician] waved a paw.
“I know about…it. Does everyone else?”
They all nodded. Yelroan had been summoned to Xherw and Ulcre with the other leaders to explain what eight billion was in context of their tribes. Horrifyingly huge numbers that appeared from adding a few digits onto the end of the last.
“I just wish we had stories. I want to tell stories, but what’s the use if everything I write will disappear?”
Satar whispered, and Adetr, Rose, Mrsha, Gire, and Yelroan looked at her. Satar rubbed at one eye.
“We were everywhere…and there’s not one book? Not one? Someone burned it all? We explored Baleros! We climbed mountains and fought with other species. And…all we have are Retellings. And they’re wrong.”
She thumped the journal and Yelroan eyed it. Mrsha looked at Satar and patted her on the knee. She handed her a note.
Forsooth, it will be alright, child. 
Satar glared at Mrsha. Why did a child have better writing than she did? She started sniffing hard. At first, all of the other Gnolls thought she had smelled something. Then they realized Satar was trying hard not to cry.
Adetr patently didn’t know what to do, so he looked at Rose to do something.
“There, there…Mri, don’t bully Satar.”
“She isn’t bullying me!”
As if to prove Mrsha’s subtle bullying, Satar teared up harder. And not for reasons she could explain. It wasn’t just Doombringers somehow—she knew—being misrepresented in stories.
It was the dearth of stories that bothered her. Libraries. A kingdom. She hadn’t even known what the kingdom’s name was. Why didn’t Theikha and the others tell the story? When she asked, the [Shaman] had looked abashed.
