Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 30
They had a cause. That would make them weaker and stronger than any of their kind had ever been. But the suffering. You could grow numb to it. And that was the worst of all.
 
 
 
 
Artur, [Flag Bearer]
 
He saw it all. Like Maksie, like Crusader 51, he was there. The difference was that he did nothing.
Brave Soldiers like Crusader 51 fought. They survived and risked their lives on the front. Calruz jogged off alone, to fall on the enemy, one against a hundred.
Maksie flew through the sky, dodging spells and arrows, to call for reinforcements for the dying and wounded, to make sure their end was watched.
But Artur just held the flag. A useless Worker with no ability to fight. He held the flag he had been so proud of. It had the insignia of every single battalion he served with.
Even Liscorians. Even squads like Significant Beavers. They came up to him, the Worker with the flag.
“Er…we have a patch. If you want, we could sew it on?”
“Yes. That is good, please.”
Jordes recoiled as the Worker carefully retying the banner to the shaft of wood spoke. But then he handed the Fortress Beaver logo over, and Artur produced a needle and began to stitch it onto the flag.
It made the symbol of Liscor’s city look less…well, magnificent without detail, the icon of the city. Instead, the flag had dozens of little insignia, from cute to meticulously drawn. Like a children’s drawing.
Perhaps that bothered some of the people who saw it, because Artur had heard Olesm receive a petition that the Antinium not carry the banner. Or rather, that banner.
“Why in the name of the walls would I entertain that?”
He snapped back in a discussion with Bepol, who’d brought it to him. The Pallassian-trained Drake looked uncomfortable as Artur listened in.
He could get near the command tents. In fact, Artur alone could go wherever he pleased if he was in the right camp.
He was the [Flag Bearer], and as such, Tersk and Dekass rotated him from battalion to battalion. In fact, Olesm even sometimes requested Artur join a Liscorian section.
Because Artur had a Skill. Well, multiple Skills.
He could repair scratches and other small damage to the flag just by willing it, which was very important so that the patches didn’t need constant replacing. Nor would the flag get muddy or bloody; even water slid off the fabric. However, the Skill that mattered to all the officers was Artur’s first flag-Skill.
[Flag: Inspiring Sight].
He held the flag, and [Soldiers] saw it and didn’t break. They gazed at the flag and fought on. Weary limbs too leaden to move would rise—because they saw their patch flying on Artur’s flag. That was Artur’s first Skill, and it alone had made Olesm seek him out.
In that first battle when the cloud of darkness descended, Artur had stood petrified as Manus’ forces attacked. Liscor’s regulars and the Antinium crusade had looked for orders amid the chaos—and the flag had kept them rooted. When death surged around them and all was chaos and every officer shouted an order—
The flag flew.
What they didn’t understand was Artur’s guilt. He watched them die, sometimes right in front of him, sometimes from the rear. He was just a single Worker. Holding a flag that Bepol or someone found objectionable.
“It looks like a child made it, Olesm. There are laws in Pallass about disgracing flags.”
“This isn’t Pallass, Bepol. Besides…what’s the problem with it looking…”
Olesm looked around and didn’t notice Artur. Oh, the Worker had a giant flag, but he was standing with Liscor’s regular one. So it just looked like two flags were flapping in the breeze.
