Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 10
The [Innkeeper] blinked. Of course, Ryoka could have just gone for a morning run or something. But Mrsha was insistent. Xrn had come into the inn and Mrsha had maybe tried to steal a morsel and been glued to the ceiling—
“Wait, what?”
And then—the little Gnoll waved her paws to get Erin on track of what really mattered—and then she’d followed Xrn after the spell had worn off and Xrn had been in Ryoka’s room, she was sure of it! Mrsha had been hot on her heels but both were gone!
“Huh.”
Erin sensed shenanigans. She narrowed her eyes. Neither Xrn nor Ryoka were in the inn—and Erin’s [Dangersense] wasn’t going off, but she knew the Small Queen.
“Xrn’s pushy. Can you tell where Ryoka went?”
No. Mrsha shook her head. Ryoka’s scent had vanished. As if she’d disappeared. Erin rubbed at her head.
“Okay. Okay, let’s get Palt. And maybe Bird has seen something? And Pawn, or another Antinium…”
She hoped it was just Xrn doing something silly-but-not-serious. Because Erin was not in the mood for more drama!
And unfortunately, both Montressa and Bezale were down for the count so Palt was the only accomplished [Mage] who could help Erin. He was only too ready to help—right up until he heard ‘Xrn’ and ‘find Xrn’ in the same sentence.
“Um. Erin. You mean the—Small Queen of the Antinium?”
“Yep.”
Erin was briskly arming herself with her standard ‘in case of anything’ gear. Frying pan, knife, acid jar. Mrsha was inspecting her gear too—Erin saw Lyonette sneak up and grab her.
“Oh no. Not this time.”
Mrsha the Ryoka-Rescuer fought valiantly by squirming and protesting as Lyonette dragged her away. Palt was still blanching.
“Erin, I couldn’t scry Xrn even if Montressa and Bezale weren’t comatose! And—that’s the Small Queen. She eats [Mages] like me for breakfast!”
“Don’t be silly. She’s n—she’s c—she’s probably not homicidal. To us. I need help! Can you find Ryoka, at least?”
Palt actually made a whining sound. He danced on his hooves—but his refusal was marred by Fierre and Salamani.
“Have you seen Ryoka, Erin? I checked on her, but she’s already gone.”
The [Innkeeper] brightened up. Reinforcements! And a Courier-[Mage] and a Vampire! Palt closed his eyes as Erin told them about the possible abduction.
“I can try to scry Ryoka.”
Salamani volunteered. He immediately failed of course, which prompted Fierre and Palt to take immense interest in the issue. Meanwhile, Erin went looking for more reinforcements.
The Honorable Hatmen still hadn’t come down for food yet, but they were bound to be up soon for breakfast. Erin had been meaning to talk to them anyways. In the meanwhile, she decided a visual search would be best.
“Bird? Bird, I need your help. Have you seen R—”
Erin opened the door to Bird’s tower. There she found Bird, the [Bird Hunter], standing in his tower.
And a naked Drake, flapping his arms and clinging to the tower-in-progress. Erin stared at Saliss. He was demonstrating to Bird a flapping technique no actual bird in history had ever employed.
“But have you really tried to fly? Like this, see? Dare me to jump! I’ll do it! It won’t even hurt!”
The Drake was trying to cajole Bird…Erin’s head slowly turned to the Worker. Bird had crossed all four arms and he looked, well, peeved.
“Please get off my tower.”
The [Innkeeper] rubbed her eyes. Suddenly, Saliss was here. He turned to her.
“Oh, hey Erin. Do you think I can fly if I flap really hard? I know that Gnoll keeps trying it. But does he believe? Believe I can fly. Go on! I’ll do it!”
