Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 13
“The power of the Antinium lies in our numbers. We die by the hundreds to kill a single high-level foe. This tactic…works. But it is not acceptable. The Painted Antinium—no, all Antinium must live. And yet, how do we overcome this difficulty? The Antinium have no [Mages]. No capacity for fighting at range. At least, the Free Antinium do not. I envy your levels, Numbtongue. The Antinium are too low-level, too focused in one area. We have [Archers] now. But magic is…if we fight the Goblin Lord a second time, we will die by the hundreds or thousands to bring him down.”
That was the [Sergeant]’s nightmare. Even if they tunneled, the Goblin Lord might collapse their tunnels, use the same spells to blast apart their ranks. It terrified him. The Hobgoblin sat on his bed quietly, listening to Yellow Splatter’s fears. At last, he shrugged slightly. Not out of indifference, though. He looked at Yellow Splatters.
“Do you have sneaky Antinium?”
“Sneaky Antinium?”
The [Bard] nodded.
“It’s how the Redfangs fought. We lost our [Shaman]. So we just used traps. Gold-rank Adventurers love teams with [Mages]. So we learn to attack them from one side. Ambush them—use big rocks or artifacts or sneaky Goblins to break their barriers. Then it’s easy. One arrow and—”
He mimed being struck in the chest. Yellow Splatters paused.
“I understand the Silent Antinium are a…Hive specializing in sneak attacks. But their forces are not part of the Free Antinium, or so Klbkch has explained to me. But you use traps? Belgrade makes traps. Tell me more. You are much more experienced than I.”
“Oh?”
Numbtongue looked surprised. And then pleased. He shrugged again, and then looked around. Then he went over to his desk. Erin had given him any number of things to occupy himself with. Snacks, a jar of cookies, parchment, ink, quills, a nail file—he grabbed the parchment and a quill and ink and brought it over. It was largely unused, although Yellow Splatters saw some lyrics on one sheet. Numbtongue unrolled the parchment and dipped his quill in the inkpot.
“Hm. This is how Redfangs attack [Mages]. Very easy? See? Pit trap here, archers here with cover, boulders here with slope, oh. Poison arrows. And Carn Wolf [Riders] here—and sometimes angry beehives. Or exploding things like Tripvine bags. Simple. Anyone can do. What do you want to know?”
Yellow Splatters stared at the trap. He hesitated, and then he raised three hands.
“Please explain everything.”
 
—-
 
Life had its ups and downs. You didn’t win every fight. And sometimes you cried. But the trick was to keep moving. To pick yourself up again. That was why after about forty minutes, Erin Solstice was able to leave her room and go downstairs with a smile on her face and reassure her friends. She’d had a few more tears, a handkerchief to blow her nose, and a nap. And really, it wasn’t her that she was worried about. It was Numbtongue.
She’d expected the Hobgoblin to be somewhere else. But to her surprise, he was in his room. He hadn’t even gone downstairs. Erin cautiously poked her head into the room, holding a tray with two mugs of tea.
“Heeeey guys. How’s it going? Um—everyone okay? Sorry for going off like that. Anyone want a drink?”
Numbtongue and Yellow Splatters looked up. Erin blinked as she saw them sitting on his bed and chair. They’d dragged the table over and they were gathered around it. The young woman smiled.
“Oh wow! You two are really getting along!”
“Hi.”
