Interlude – Burning Alcohol
Page 3
“Oh? Well, well! That Drowned Man’s fairly generous with his friends.”
“Well, I think he thinks he owes me. So we’re square. At least, I think so.”
The young woman shrugged and didn’t elaborate. She’d taken the gold, and Erin was trying not to feel guilty about it. As Seborn had said—they owed the gold to Numbtongue, if not Erin as they’d claimed. And she needed it, and…
“And here we are, Erin. The contract. Let me simply sign here and…it’s merely paper. You can dispose of it however you wish.”
“Thanks.”
Erin waited as Viceria signed the roll of vellum that looked very official and document-like—it was actually sold by Wistram, another thing the academy provided to the world for situations like these. She took it and tucked it into her belt.
“I should buy a bag of holding, I really should.”
“Huh. You still don’t have one?”
“You know, finances…I’m actually going to make it a priority.”
Wailant stopped cutting up his breakfast and got up.
“Let me check my chest. One moment.”
Erin waited. Viceria offered her a second breakfast of fresh eggs, straight from some rather large chickens. Literally, three times as large as a regular chicken. Mean suckers too, or so Garia claimed. Genetically-modified animals had nothing on what magic could do to wildlife in this world.
Erin politely declined and Wailant came back with an old little purse with a drawstring on it. The cloth was burnt in one place, although not holey. He offered it to Erin.
“This is an old one. We offered it to Garia, but she wanted to make her own mark in the world. Holds about five pounds of weight, or—hm. A box this large. If you’d like it, take it.”
He indicated a very small container, just bigger than Erin’s head. She blinked at him.
“Really?”
“Aw, you’ve done me some good business. No use to me; I got mine custom. But for little things, free of charge. Go on.”
Erin took the bag of holding.
“Thanks. That’s really nice of you.”
“Go on. Won’t you stay for breakfast? We’ve got these large eggs. Courtesy of our Bullhens. Large suckers—bought ‘em from a [Rancher] who has the best damn eggs this side of the High Passes.”
“Maybe later. I just ate. But I’ll buy some of your eggs for later.”
“Take a basket. We have more than we eat with the runes of preservation.”
Erin ended up with a bag of holding and a basket of about a dozen of the huge eggs. She thanked Viceria and Wailant. And then she went back to the inn.
“What is this?”
“Eggs. Eggses. You want?”
Erin showed Lyonette the basket. The [Princess]’ eyes widened. And Mrsha sat up from her breakfast of suddenly substandard, subpar eggs.
“I—well, Viceria and Wailant gave them to you? We’ll have to give them something in return. Mrsha, do you want special eggs for breakfast? Don’t finish your plate, if you do, dear.”
Mrsha instantly pushed back her plate and nodded rapidly. Erin saw a Drake having breakfast turn around instantly.
“Me too! I want them sunny-side up! On toast! No, wait—wait—toast and a slice of smoked bacon. Thick!”
Relc waved a claw. Erin saw him staring at the huge eggs. Lyonette sighed.
“One perfect breakfast coming up.”
She went into the kitchen and Erin followed her, just to watch Lyonette expertly roast the huge eggs until they were crispy but not overdone, slide them onto some beautifully golden toast, and fat bacon.
Mrsha stared at her big egg and drooled over it. Relc lifted his toast, crying softly.
“This is why I come here. Erin, you’re the best. Can I have another egg if I pay for it?”
“Sure. What, just the egg?”
