Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 16
The Tallguard grunted, biting into something that looked delicious. Luan’s stomach grumbled in his real body—until he was told it was fried lizard.
“It’s good. You know, we have lots of [Chefs], but it’s hard to get actual fruit. Tallguard have died on gathering runs, even with bags of holding.”
“Birds. We can provide for all of Paeth if we kill a boar or something, but imagine harvesting it and ferrying it in? Plus—meat gets old.”
“So what’s the solution?”
Ekrn grimaced.
“Gathering Runs. For alchemical goods, for food—Tallguard go out and we grab everything we can, haul it into bags of holding…that’s what Inners don’t get.”
There were mining colonies that harvested steel, places where they grew or monitored wild Sage’s Grass, all the things that a place like Paeth needed. Getting it though? That was the problem.
“Okay, here’s a problem. Our water-condensation spell broke last month. Took two weeks to get fixed, and while it’s refilling, everyone’s been on water rationing. I say ‘water rationing’, but they get more than Tallguard sentries get regularly!”
Ekrn slapped his knee. Then he looked at Luan.
“…It’s a dangerous trek and takes lots of Fraerlings with bags of holding, even larger containers, to fill enough water and bring it back from the river. The Architects, in their infinite wisdom, pointed out that if you brought a damn bucket—or your bag of holding—you could refill our water reservoirs in a few trips and then some. I don’t like it, but we’d give you an escort.”
And here came the story again.
The Giant thought about it. He looked around this wondrous city, and didn’t need to think to reply.
“I’ll do it. Only if…you do me some favors too. And stop threatening to shoot me. Deal?”
For an answer, Ekrn sighed, then pulled off some of his sandwich crusts and tossed them into the jar with the eyeball. Luan and Noa glared at him.
“Oh, fine. I’ll play nice.”
 
—-
 
That was how Luan found himself doing, well, chores for Paeth. Chores that took advantage of his giant-ness.
Hauling water was the first step. He left his possessions in the Tallguard’s care, walked to the river, filled his bag of holding up with water, and walked back. He did this three times, and solved a city-wide water crisis.
Mind you, the hard part for the Fraerlings was figuring out how to process that much water.
“Dead gods, look at that! We need to purify it first!”
They pointed at a fleck of scum in the river water, which, to them, was as large as they were. Another representative of the city, an Inner, staring around as if he expected a bird to carry him off any second, added anxiously.
“And a container! Human—I’m so sorry, Luan, we need to figure out how to get this inside. Can you…help us store it? Maybe pour it into the barrels or…we’re going to need hands. Thousands! Tell the Architects we need every container they have!”
Luan was only too happy to watch the army of Fraerlings pour out, and their ingenuity. He was careful not to move, as both he and they were wary of a Fraerling being squashed.
Within half an hour, they’d constructed a miniature aquifer with his help. [Geomancers] opened up a pit—Luan helped remove a stone—and they descended into it, wrapping metal to form, well, a giant pot next to the tree, welding it together with fire magic, and making sure it was water-proof. Then, Luan filled it and watched as they constructed a long irrigation funnel back into their city to let the water be transported up to their actual internal plumbing systems.
