Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 12
Even Lord Tyrion raised his brows at that. Pellmia nodded seriously.
“I heard from home. It must be a huge scandal.”
“Why? I had no idea an inn could move.”
Ryoka had heard of that inn in the vague way she knew of First Landing and famous Archmages, but Pellmia elaborated.
“It has always been…mm, fairly mobile. It often changes crossroads, but it is a famously attractive inn. Couriers and the nobility flock to it. They must be in uproar—as entertainment goes, The Adventurer’s Haven is one of the best, Miss Griffin. Someone of the owner’s level has so many—fascinating abilities. She was a Named-rank adventurer before she retired, you see. A famous [Mage].”
“Really?”
The only [Innkeepers] of note that Ryoka had met besides Erin were, er, Agnes, Mad Medain, and the [Reader]. She wanted to know what a Level 50 retired Named-rank [Innkeeper] could do.
“If you’re going, we’ll join in! It’s pricey at times, but I love to visit the inn. Something for everyone—although I’m no longer a young woman, so I can’t have all the experiences. Quite a lot of lucky nights can be had there. It’s a feature.”
Buscrei winked at Ryoka. The other nobles from each family knew the inn too and, apparently, all thought well of it and wouldn’t mind another visit.
“It is certainly a spectacle, but I don’t care for the Adventurer’s Haven.”
…And there came in Tyrion, with such blunt honesty that even Pellmia’s new class couldn’t stop it like a mallet to the face. He amended his statement after a second.
“…But I’m sure it would be excellent for Hethon and Sammial to see it, as well as you, Miss Griffin. Before it leaves.”
“I shall take it upon myself to show you all around. And celebrate our survival of this war! First Landing awaits!”
Pellmia rescued the situation as he pointed to the harbor. The gates were open, and as The Pride of the Wellfar came in, even the harbor slowed to see the greatest ship on the seas come into port.
Frankly, Ryoka thought that the people in the city got a better show than she did. Even the ships inbound and outbound stopped as the Pride signaled the docks. Amazingly, there were berths for even her class, and she slowed to maneuver into port.
Etril Wellfar, the [Captain] of the vessel, only emerged as they were heading straight in. He looked around, and his eyes fixed on Ryoka’s. She started—because here was someone else with a claim on her time.
He was Gresaria Wellfar’s son. They hadn’t been able to speak long—he’d wanted to get away from Ailendamus because they were still technically at war until peace was declared. But here was someone else she had a debt to.
Him and the rest of the world. He bowed slightly to the other nobles waving at the crowds gathering on the docks. As Ryoka had been told, there was a high population of the nobility in the city. She wondered if there were even Reinharts, the most reclusive of the Five Families.
She wanted to explore this city, but she was also in the eye of the storm. Etril spoke.
“Lord Tyrion, House Wellfar has taken you to Terandria and back. The war isn’t at an end, and it may be Ailendamus will damn the seas with blood if they refuse to make peace.”
Ryoka had thought they would sign a deal, but Rhisveri hadn’t officially made peace—perhaps because he couldn’t. The other nations saw this as Ailendamus’ moment of weakness, and despite the ghosts, were pushing on the borders. Etril continued briskly.
“—But we’ve succeeded at the task you swore to me. Veltras and Wellfar ever stand together, forest and sea. I hope I can call on you if ever we need to.”
Tyrion reached out and took Etril’s hand.
