Interlude – Paradigm Shift (Pt. 2)
Page 28
Death. Eldavin faced them, rising slowly. His preparations—all his hard work—
Cognita met his gaze across the room, eyes now burning with fury. He still saw her magical construction shining around her. It was still open.
But to reach her, he would have to fight in earnest, not take them by surprise. The Grand Magus’ head bowed.
I must flee. Perhaps Wistram itself if she pursued him. He had failed. The knowledge was worse than the poison in his veins. He had…
“You will not take my master’s last will from me, Grand Magus.”
The girl spoke, like a child clinging to the hope, the idea of love. Eldavin flinched. He looked up at her.
Even now. Poor girl. She wanted to believe in it. He saw the magical bindings slowly retreating into her, collapsing. Her guarded heart.
I must run. I could die here. However slim…
The Dragon thought it.
The half-Elf’s feet did not move. Cognita advanced, in the best killing formation she and the other protectors of her master’s will knew. However, her footsteps slowed, even as her body shifted again.
She saw the Grand Magus’ head rise. His chest inflated, and then he exhaled. Slowly.
“Cognita, my child. I have seen many things over my life. I have lived, far longer than you. Far longer than you can imagine. Surely you realize all is not what it seems.”
The Golem knew that. What was he, Djinni? Some true [Archmage] of old?
She had seen him bleed. The knowledge of his frailty, his mortality lay between both.
Still, he did not move. The half-Elf was breathing faster. He had used up all his magic, surely! She had felt the spells he had cast draining him! Yet in the face of six fresh foes, he still held his ground.
“If you seek to intimidate us, Grand Magus, there is nothing to strike fear into. We are Golems! Our will is unbreakable!”
“No. You have a heart. Which makes you stronger and weaker than any of your kind. I came here to set you free. I do not forswear myself.”
Eldavin began to walk forwards. The Golems slowed.
“You think you can take us all on? By yourself?”
The Truestone Golem’s voice was incredulous. It wobbled. Perril Chandler himself would not have dared, not even with an army to prepare.
But would he have, if he thought he was freeing me? For a second, she wavered.
Eldavin’s lips curled upwards. He bared his teeth. The half-Elf snarled. Like…
“You do not know me, girl! Golems, quake. You do not even know my names, little things. Any of them!”
His feet carried him forwards. Walking, then, faster now. The six Golems slowed. Cognita…backed up, as the others spread out around her. They formed a ring in the vast chamber. Eldavin stopped. He looked around.
“Today—the Golems of Wistram will know me. I have walked a thousand thousand wars! I have broken [Archmages] and [Heroes] who stood before me! I have championed every right, fought every foe in this world! I do not run from children!”
The magic swelled. Eldavin felt his heart—stop—yet he drew more. Cognita gasped as the magic of a Dragon filled the half-Elf more, and more, unto bursting!
Dragonlord of Flame! Champion of Kingdoms whose names only he remembered! Last guardian, protector of lands turned to dust! Hero of only memories.
He posed in the center of the room, turning, light flickering around him. In his eyes. Eldavin laughed.
“Now—let me show you magic.”
His feet left the ground as he took flight. The Golems moved.
The battle shook the night.
 
—-
 
Trey Atwood stumbled through the halls of Wistram. He didn’t know what was happening. All he knew was that he was moving—following the little thing in front of him.
