Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 16
“Several…appoint themselves that role, yes. But you mean one tribe to govern others? Oversee? Adjudicate? No. Plain’s Eye is a famous mediator, but it does not rule us.”
“Hrr. It is all self-imposed. For instance, one tribe will no doubt welcome us to the Great Plains. They have made it their role to guard the Great Plains and the Meeting of Tribes—but they chose to. Remember that, Traveller Inkar. The other tribes let them do it because they are powerful and it is not an enjoyable role, however necessary. But that is all.”
Orelighn put in. Then he hesitated.
“…Not that I would ever say as much in front of them. And in truth, they are simply so strong that not even mighty Ekhtouch would cause trouble when—”
The others were nodding, but Deskie growled a faint warning. Orelighn shut up as the tall Chieftain of the Ekhtouch approached.
“Greetings, Honored Orelighn, Honored Eska, Honored Deskie. May I join your fire?”
She named Deskie as the most famous Gnoll of the Longstalker’s tribe. Completely ignoring their [Shaman], who looked a bit put out. Orelighn rose with Eska.
“Our fire is yours, Honored Firrelle.”
The Chieftain sat gracefully. A giant like the others. Her fur was near gold; she had only a single birthmark of brown around her left thigh. Deskie nodded to Inkar as the young woman stared at it.
“May we offer you food, Chieftain Firrelle?”
“I have eaten already. Rather, I come to offer drink and conversation of note.”
It was tradition, signal phrasing. The other Gnolls brightened as she drew flasks of carefully-preserved liquid out and shared them around. She had brought enough for everyone.
“A Chandrarian wine we traded for.”
Deskie chuckled as she accepted it and poured a drink for herself and Inkar. But she was already moving back. The other Gnolls gave the Chieftains room to have a conversation of note.
In other words, politics between the tribes even before the Meeting of Tribes had begun. Inkar had a particular Skill so that even as she moved away with Deskie, who was asking if she found any of the Ekhtouch Gnolls interesting, she heard the three Chieftains talking.
[Gift of Friendship: Keener Hearing]. Inkar’s ears perked up. Firrelle was speaking, and only Gnoll children, those with Skills—or Inkar—would have heard her low voice.
“My ears are sharp, Chieftain Orelighn. Before this Meeting of Tribes—I have heard your tribe found strange metals.”
“Many new metals, Chieftain Firrelle. The Demas Metal tribe has created an alloy of their own. I have less to offer.”
“Even so. Would you consent to show…whatever it is you intend to gift to the Meeting of Tribes to my [Shamans] and [Smiths]? My craftspeople, no more than twenty. To learn from and examine? I would consider it an honor repaid in kind.”
“Perhaps. What is it you offer?”
Deskie was gazing at Inkar with a sharp look. She would no doubt want to know what they said; hence their closer position to the Chieftain’s fire despite being ‘away’. Firrelle murmured as she shared around the wine.
“For the honor of inspecting, perhaps…trading before the Meeting of Tribes? I am aware it is the Greenpaw’s gift. The marriage of six of my tribe might be arranged for such a preemptive honor.”
A murmur of surprise from the other two Chieftains. Inkar’s brows rose. She stopped listening and told Deskie.
“They must think the Greenpaws have some great treasure. Do they?”
The [Magic Spinner] looked at Inkar. The young woman could only nod. Oh yes. Depending on how you used it and if you knew what it was.
