Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 31
“So, while I’m fully delighted to be working on a project like this, I must insist on [Bodyguards]. And if this inn is open? Yes, I’d prefer to stay here. And I insist on protection for me and my people. Non-Drakes. Gnolls or Humans, preferably. Without that, I will be returning to Invrisil and Baleros this moment.”
He looked at the table. Alonna, Lism—both Drakes looked astounded. Krshia’s eyes were wide.
“Master Hexel—we had no idea. What happened? Were they [Bandits] or…?”
“They were Drakes. More than that, I think they simply objected to Lizardfolk. Astounding, really. Zeres was pleasant, but the further north I went…it was rather reminiscent of the scene in Chandrar, actually. You recall, with the Gnolls? Drakes attacked my party. I was forced to kill the rest after the ambush.”
The [Architect] looked about. And his eyes focused coldly on Lism’s.
“I trust that will not happen here? In fact, I will ensure it will not.”
“Of course not. We’re not about to kill you—that was bandits.”
Lism looked rattled. The Lamia shrugged.
“Just as you say. But I have your word on bodyguards? Now?”
The Council stared at each other and then nodded. Krshia spoke.
“You have our word, Master Hexel. We will arrange it. Absolutely. And let me apologize for…”
She trailed off. The Lamia smiled at the Gnoll. Olesm just looked at Hexel’s assistants. They stared at him and the other Drakes, clearly terrified. And his chest felt tight. Lizardfolk. Of course they were…lizards. But they’d been attacked for being…? Or was it [Bandits]?
Hexel just nodded at Krshia. He smiled again, and slithered over to the table. He didn’t sit, but rather reclined on his lower half. And he beamed. But again—with that edge.
“Excellent. Now that little matter is settled—I will make other provisions tomorrow, as we settle the matter. But for now, let’s get to work. Blueprints!”
He gestured and a Lizardman hurried forwards with a map of Liscor. Hexel produced a wand, waved it. All the dishes on Lism and Alonna’s side went scooting away as the map was unrolled. He addressed the Council.
“If you would like to discuss security for your city, it’s rather been on my mind as well. However, I am delighted to speak with you all. Tell me more about yourselves! And if you wouldn’t mind—I am famished.”
He waved and Ishkr strode over. His apprentices were seated at another table, and Hexel, smiling, ordered and began to chat. He leaned over to Krshia and Elirr, rather ignoring Lism and Alonna. The two Drakes were speechless anyways.
So was Olesm. He looked at Hexel, but what could you say? Olesm was biting his tongue as he remembered well—Lizardpeople jokes. No, it had to be [Bandits]. It was just dislike. No one was actually going to go out and kill a Lizardperson over that grudge. Right?
Surely not. Olesm had to stand up and look for Ceria and Erin. But they were still gone. Some people were discussing what had happened. Olesm found a Human [Mage] and a Minotaur. He vaguely recognized them.
“Excuse me. You wouldn’t know what happened to Erin, would you? I’m a friend. I was hoping to talk to her…”
Montressa and Beza looked up from their covert observation of the Earthers. Montressa nodded to the door.
“She’s in Pallass. Something to do with her magical fire gone wrong.”
“Her…magical fire? Oh, right. That. Uh—gone wrong?”
Olesm blinked a few times. The [Strategist] wondered if something was caught in his earholes. Montressa gave him an odd look.
“Yes. Her magical fire. Anyways, she’s gone. The other adventurers know more about it.”
