Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 56
In L-shapes, just like where it was legally allowed to move. Mrsha looked around and saw all the spots the knight could move.
“Oh! Like a chess program! That’s genius, Feshi!”
Rose clapped her hand in delight. Adetr muttered in her ear.
“Yet another thing Humans can do that we need a Skill for.”
She slapped his arm and winced as her hand met metal. However, thanks to Feshi’s Skill, Mrsha could now see each piece’s threat zone and how they moved when she picked it up. She found a safe spot at last and smugly wrote in her move to Fetohep. Two seconds later, he checked her.
Feshi watched Mrsha throw a tantrum. In truth, that Skill’s application in chess had recently been discovered. It was more useful for a [Strategist] to see how a group might try to execute a maneuver and realize the terrain was too rocky, the shallows too deep in actuality to wade, etcetera.
“Not a bad Skill. You do visualization Skills too?”
Yelroan interrupted. Feshi turned to him.
“I do. Just that. Do you, Mathematician Yelroan?”
He smiled and adjusted his sunglasses, but modestly.
“I do. Take a look. Let me just find something like…how about all your ages? And then I…[Visualize Data Set].”
He did a quick scribble with their names, and ages, and then used his Skill. Instantly, the piece of paper turned into a little, floating graph. A crude drawing of Mrsha and her name shot up only a tiny bit with her age represented. Next, Gire. Then…Adetr?
“You’re younger than me?”
The Gnoll exclaimed as his bar came to rest just below Satar and above Rose. Feshi was next, then Yelroan. Mrsha looked up from angrily scribbling with Fetohep.
“See? Look how many times older I am. Seeing data is very useful to me. I’m amazed [Strategists] don’t all have the Skill.”
Mrsha handed Yelroan a card. He flipped it over and read two words.
You’re old.
Adetr looked at Feshi and Yelroan and cleared his throat.
“I have a Skill too. Only, I see battle in its entirety.”
“And a fat lot of good that does.”
Rose muttered. Feshi raised her brows.
“I’ve heard of [Battle Seekers], but not that you can visualize it. Can I ask how it works? Do fights shape up the way you see them?”
Adetr shook his head.
“Almost never. But some things I can learn—even enemy Skills or gear they carry. It’s not…precise. It is for a warrior to train their spirit, to learn how to defeat their foes. But I do not learn enough, not like a [Strategist] would want. My tribe’s [Strategists] gave up long ago on asking me to find out information. Part of it is simply…to sate my hunger.”
He looked embarrassed at the admission. Rose peered at him.
“Really. But that’s so powerful!”
“Hrr. Yes, well…it was my Level 20 capstone Skill.”
Rose and Adetr looked at each other, and the Gnoll bowed his head.
“I’m sorry. I’m only trying to protect my people.”
“Not from me.”
He hesitated.
“No. Not from you, Rose.”
 
——
 
The good mood in the group broke upon Adetr and Rose’s quarrel like waves on a beach. Both looked guilty and broke off their arguments, but it was true. This had been a pleasant distraction from the greater issue of Earth, but Feshi could not let go of Adetr’s fear either.
Feshi longed to believe Rose when she assured them Earth had enough good to balance out the bad, but she had a vision of a metal flying-thing dropping weapons—even stones—from a mile up. And Humans had a population of eight billion. Even if most were non-combatants? Even if they were armed with rocks…
