Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 16
Right until Cade ran into the jungle section. Into one of the burr-bushes Mrsha wanted uprooted and gone out of her garden.
The burrs were big. Not the sharpest, but they hurt more than anything. Numbtongue winced as Cade screamed and thrashed around in the bush. The Hobgoblin got up with a sigh and strode down the hill as Mrsha and Grev tried to help.
“Move.”
The Hobgoblin shooed the children out of the way. He picked Cade up and began to pull the burrs off him as the child screamed.
And only then did Numbtongue look up and realize that the door to Erin’s inn was connected right to the adventurer’s seats. And Briganda was on her feet, looking at him.
“Cade!”
The adventuress bellowed. The other adventurers had been laughing or seeing what was the matter. They didn’t realize how alarmed Briganda, the only one of them not used to Numbtongue, was. She charged and they grabbed for her, shouting, too late.
“Stop, stop! He’s not a monster! Well—he is, but he’s a guest of Miss—”
Grev shouted as he and Mrsha tried to bar the way. But Briganda had her axe and buckler out. She charged with a war cry as Numbtongue put Cade down. Tensely, he felt at his sword.
“Looks strong. Pyrite?”
He’s used his Pyrite-minute already, but the Hob could give him tactical advice. Pyrite stumped over as Numbtongue’s world slowed, and stared at Briganda, sizing her up. The [Chieftain] narrowed his eyes, nodded.
“…Nope.”
The [Magestone Chieftain] sat on the floor. Numbtongue stared at his friendly ghost. And then realized.
“Oh.”
Briganda charged at Numbtongue, who was standing in the garden with her son. She smashed into the open doorway and the invisible barrier protecting the Garden of Sanctuary. Mrsha, Grev, Numbtongue all winced. Cade looked up as his mother reeled backwards.
“Mom?”
Briganda hacked at the invisible door, but she only struck the wall with her enchanted axe. She left a few marks in it before the others pulled her off. And calmed her down.
“We told you there’s a friendly Goblin in the inn! You know the Halfseekers!”
Revi shouted at Briganda, embarrassed, as Numbtongue ushered Cade through the door. The boy, no longer frightened, stared at the Hobgoblin. Briganda was bright red.
“I reacted, okay? I heard Cade screaming and—I’m sorry! I just didn’t—I’m sorry.”
“Apologize to him.”
Halrac turned his head, gesturing at Numbtongue. Briganda stared at him and then called at Numbtongue.
“I’m sorry—Hobgoblin fellow. Didn’t mean it.”
Numbtongue waved idly. He tossed Mrsha and Grev through the door. Then he calmly went back up to the hilltop. Reiss eyed the milkshake Numbtongue had taken.
“Are you sure you do not wish to mingle with them?”
“Nope. Too many people.”
“And you will not accept my aid?”
“Not today.”
The Goblin Lord sighed. He looked at Numbtongue’s food. Pyrite smacked his lips.
“…Is that…tasty?”
The [Bard] smirked.
“Yep.”
 
—-
 
Maviola El stared through the open doorway. She cursed Lady Bethal. She cursed Magnolia Reinhart’s door tax. It looked really fun in there.
“Excuse me. Could I just—”
“No fee, no entry.”
Redit folded his arms. He was managing the door. Maviola fumed.
“Couldn’t I just walk over and…?”
“Nope.”
She could have walked through that door, Magnolia’s orders or not. But the young [Lady] was stuck. Fuming, she watched as, through the door, more people began entering the inn. They were paying, going through—and eating food! Her stomach was rumbling fiercely; she’d had breakfast with the Horns, half a sandwich, and nothing else.
“I know the Horns of Hammerad. Let me at least talk to them. I told you, my money pouch was stolen!”
