Interlude – Chocolate Alchemy
Page 20
A little while later, Saliss inspected the mess in Octavia’s room. Most of her non-volatile ingredients were piled up, ready to be put into the shop. He was staring at her molds, which had still failed to produce the mysterious penicillin Ryoka and Erin wanted so badly. They were in many colors, and the [Alchemist] poked at a few.
“You study molds too, Master Saliss?”
Octavia hovered behind him, trying not to get in the way and instantly provide anything the Drake wanted. The nudist shrugged.
“Well, I make poisons. You know that one’s really toxic? You should probably keep that away from the kitchens.”
He pointed at a fluffy spore mold. Octavia winced. She had not known. She made a note to never tell Lyonette and dispose of that one.
“Saliss? Octavia? Lyonette said you were up here. Hey.”
Erin appeared as Octavia began telling Saliss about her various mold cultures. That was almost a relief. Erin could take some of the Drakes’ attention from Octavia; she felt like her threads were coming undone just talking to him. Erin didn’t seem to realize what a legend Saliss was.
But she had some notion. She eyed Saliss and Octavia.
“Hey. Um, I just wanted to say thanks, Saliss. For the potions.”
Octavia’s head swiveled around. Potions? Saliss had given Erin potions? You couldn’t buy potions made by Saliss of Lights on the open market! When he sold, it was to an exclusive clientele who bid on his goods!
Erin seemed to get all that from Octavia’s bug-eyed stare. And the fact that the Stitch-Girl was resewing an ear onto her head to make sure everything was right. She shuffled her feet as she looked at the Drake.
“Thanks for doing it. I know I was bothering you, and uh—I’m being pushy. But I just need things to protect the inn, so I bug people and—”
“Sure, sure, lay it on me. I’m not Xif. And I’m currying favor.”
Saliss stretched, yawning. Erin and Octavia looked at him.
“Huh?”
The Named Adventurer grinned at Erin.
“I’m currying favor. How much do I have? How am I doing? I get points for helping with Mrsha, right? And giving you that ring?”
He indicated the ring on Erin’s fingers. The [Innkeeper] started.
“Yeah. You did do that. And it’s—expensive?”
She saw Octavia’s expression. Erin looked at Saliss.
“…Very expensive? Why are you doing this?”
Saliss of Lights went for a shrug. Then he eyed Erin and smiled. And it was an enigmatic smile, of all his grins and taunting smirks.
“Because you have something I want. And this place looks really entertaining. Say, I’ll trade you a really nice potion for a faerie flower.”
Erin blinked at the sudden offer. She bit her lip, staring at the ring.
“No. I—sorry. Look, I can think about—”
“Okay. How about four potions? Of invisibility?”
Erin froze.
“I—”
Saliss spoke over her.
“Eight potions.”
Erin and Octavia traded glances. The Drake pursed his lips.
“Sixteen? Blast potions, poison gas clouds. The arsenal I use. How about it?”
Erin hesitated. She looked at Saliss. And Octavia saw her mind racing. She was screaming ‘yes, give him the flowers for that!’ But Erin hesitated.
She could be incredibly stubborn, Octavia knew. Beyond stubborn. And Saliss—knew it. Because he laughed and slapped Octavia on the shoulder.
“It’s not working. See, Miss Cotton? I knew it wouldn’t work. I’ll have to try another way. Maybe begging. I’m good at that.”
He winked at her. Erin looked at Saliss. He returned her gaze.
