Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 23
So this is why the Emir’s enemies do not ever hint that they hold a grudge. Because the Naga is calm, watchful, and lets many offenses slide. But when he strikes, his fangs always hit home.
 
—-
 
That was the legend that came through Roshal that week. Of seven tales of Emir Yazdil, each one explaining who he was, and what it was to cross him. On the seventh day, Roshal woke to news of Darsul’s death.
People congregated, as they did, [Emirs] and [Slave Owners] and citizens alike, [Slaves] as well. They talked—and the only people who really did business were the [Storytellers].
The old woman took a long sip of a sweet, alcoholic drink at this point and the crowd listening to the Seven Tales of Emir Yazdil leaned in. She was a Stitchwoman and her thread was old, but her throat produced a beautiful voice.
“So, now you all have heard the seven tales of the Emir this week. And they are great—but each week does the Emir Yazdil act thusly! The Emir Darsul should have paid more attention; in his arrogance he crossed the Naga. And few live to do so, as you know.”
“Storyteller! Storyteller, did the Emir’s Gnoll tear apart Darsul?”
“It is not for us to know. Only what remained. And it is true, as I have said!”
The old woman calmly replied. She had a storyteller’s grace, which seemed to make her more knowing than others. A hand was raised in the back.
“It is true. But—point of fact, old lady? I didn’t run screaming per se. I raised the alarm! And I never saw the Gnoll get past me.”
The [Mercenary Captain] was in the audience, along with a number of servants. The old woman huffed.
“I am telling the story as I saw it. Or did you not come racing into the marketplace, hands covered in blood, wailing that a ghost had slipped past you?”
Everyone turned to the [Mercenary Captain] as he turned bright red.
“No one crosses the Naga.”
Another [Slave Mistress] murmured. All agreed about that. This tale just added to the Emir Yazdil’s fearsome reputation, all the more because it was clearly true.
Clearly. In the crowd, a hooded figure reached into a bag and munched on breakfast. It was normally a really stupid idea to wear a hood in a crowd since it made you stand out.
But this was Lailight Scintillation, and sometimes—often—people came here to do business and did not want to stand out, so enchanted hoods were actually common, to hide people’s identities.
Iert wanted to point out a salient fact. Which was that his name was Iertalinam, and Iert was the Emir Yazdil’s nickname. But he was content to let the [Storyteller] earn her fee. She knew how to make money; people were already tossing coins for her to embellish Yazdil’s reputation some more and tell other tales of his exploits.
Stories. Oh, how they got things wrong. A surprising number of things true, and yet—things wrong. It was good though; the Naga liked having stories about him. Iert memorized this one; he’d probably have to tell it later.
“What are you eating?”
Someone whispered to him. The Gnoll’s fur rose, but he calmly offered the bag sideways.
“A filled pastry.”
“What’s the filling?”
“Blackberry jam.”
“Hm.”
It was possible the disguised female Djinni had not eaten actual food for centuries; certainly, Darsul had not fed her. But still, she picked at the pastry before nibbling it.
“Return to the palace by nightfall. Cause no trouble.”
“As agreed.”
She looked at him. She looked like a female Drake, scales vermillion. But he was not fooled. The Gnoll walked away as the crowd broke up. And he returned to the palace of Emir Yazdil.
