Interlude – Perspective and Pas
Page 7
Reynold’s head turned in time to see a Gnoll with a battered top-hat exhale. Wilovan looked at Ratici gravely.
“It felt like I was a…it was like being filled up with light and…when I saw that ring glowing, I thought—”
He hesitated, and took a drink. Then he shook his head and spoke, solemnly.
“…It felt like I was a decent man. With a hat made of gold, and a knighthood.”
“All that.”
The Drake looked wistful and envious. Wilovan touched his chest, as if he could still feel it.
“Humbling.”
“Do you think you’ll level, then, Wilovan? It seems to me a fellow might hope for a bit of good news ere he lies down his head.”
“Ah, Ratici, that would be asking. That would…but a fellow does hope.”
“Excuse me.”
At this point Reynold had to break in. The two Gentlemen Callers turned, and gave Reynold a supercilious look. He saw them recognize him. On two levels.
First, as two men who saw someone else who was dangerous. And Reynold had to own—he wasn’t sure if he was the kind of danger they were. His magical legs and recent levels…well, he’d dare any group if he was sitting on the pink carriage’s driver seat.
But the second way they recognized him was, more importantly, as another man with the ability to dress himself. They gave his suit a nod. He gave their battle-worn ensembles the same. Ratici went to adjust his vest.
“Good day to you, sir. I hope we’re not disturbing the environs, such as it were? Been a rough day.”
“Not at all, gentlemen. Allow me to welcome you to Lady Reinhart’s gathering, in the name of Lady Reinhart herself.”
The two exchanged a glance. Ratici coughed into a fist.
“That’s a tall thing for a fellow to offer, sir. We’d be happy, but I’m not sure that’s yours to give.”
Reynold gestured at his garb.
“I am, in fact, Lady Reinhart’s personal [Butler] and driver. I can happily assure you that you two are welcome. Especially in light of you keeping Miss Lyonette alive. Believe me, Lady Reinhart respects acts like that.”
They all looked over to where Magnolia Reinhart and Lyonette were still arguing. By now, Ressa had included a visual filter, but Reynold, and, he suspected, Ratici at least could see right through it. Magnolia was splashing tea at Lyonette, and the [Princess] was pointing at the Thronebearers, clearly shouting ‘get rid of them!’.
“Well, thank you, sir.”
Wilovan broke the silence and raised his wine glass. Only then did he see Reynold was drinking.
“Is it customary for the help to drink? Not that we’d tell, sir.”
“I’m actually off-duty. Can I interest either of you two gentlemen in a fine Hoshill Champagne?”
“I’ve never really tried the stuff myself. I can’t say I’m in the mood for social drinking.”
“Ah, then you will be pleased to note Wall Lord Aldonss’ condition, Mister Ratici. Two gulps.”
Reynold expertly poured two full cups, having to crack open a second bottle as he did. Ratici saw the Wall Lord walking sideways, bumping into people.
“Aldonss? Aldonss, what’s the matter?”
Makhir hurried over, breaking off his surveillance of Rafaema as Ferris composed a [Message] back to the screaming High Command of their mutual city. The Drake was shaking his head.
“I can’t stop. I can’t stop. Everything’s sliding! Is the world on a slant or just me?”
Makhir seized Aldonss. The Drake breathed a sigh of relief as he stopped and began to right himself. Just a loss of equilibrium. He’d really thought for a second…
Hunt Commander Makhir’s eyes widened. Then he looked down and saw both himself and Aldonss sliding down the ballroom floor, despite standing perfectly upright.
