Interlude – Chocolate Gold
Page 7
The Gnoll was just poking her nose into a drawer and finding bootleg, cheap copies of the cookies Erin had pioneered—the [Cooks] and [Bakers] of the city were trying to copy Erin with mixed success—when Selys called out.
“Aha! Found it, Mrsha! Here!”
Mrsha rushed over and found Selys holding…a ball.
It was a lovely ball. Mrsha had three of them now, to catch, or throw, or chew—and they were very different, thank you! Gifts from Krshia, Elirr, and Lyonette. But this ball—
Oh, this one was special. It was bright red, already special because red dyes were expensive, like purple, and it was the perfect size for throwing by small Gnoll paws. Bouncy—you could even see the way it squished slightly in Selys’ grip. It was made to be thrown and chased after. And it had a magical pattern stitched into the outside.
It looked fancy. Mrsha stared at it. She stared at Selys. Slowly, she pointed at her chest.
Is that for me?
Selys beamed at Mrsha’s expression.
“I got it from a travelling sales-Human. What do you think? Is it good?”
Mrsha nodded up and down rapidly and then ran over to hug Selys’ legs. The Drake laughed.
“Don’t thank me yet, Mrsha! Wait till you see what it can do!”
And with that, she pressed one of the sections on the ball and the magical stitching glowed. Mrsha gaped as Selys threw the ball. It hit the wooded floorboards—and then rolled off, shooting away from Mrsha.
The little Gnoll had seen many things in life. Many glorious things, terrible things. But she had never seen this. The ball shot away, and then stopped, quivering. And Mrsha realized it was magic.
It rolled…by itself. In awe, Mrsha stared up at Selys. The [Heiress] beamed.
“Well?”
Mrsha took one look at the ball. It seemed to be staring at her. Mrsha tensed. The ball wobbled. Mrsha charged and the ball shot off.
“Whoa! Careful! That’s a vase! Don’t run into that—watch out for—”
Selys instantly realized her mistake. Unlike Drake children, who could be hoarding, biting little demons, Gnoll children were more prone to race about and hit something. And Mrsha was on the chase. The little ball appealed to every instinct in her, and it had been enchanted to give a Gnoll child a fun time.
No one, not even grown up Gnolls, not even Bird or Numbtongue, could outrun a Gnoll child in a game of tag. They were all adults, and big and slow. And Apista refused to play since Mrsha might squash her accidentally. But this ball had speed. It dodged and wove, and Mrsha shot around Selys’ apartment, laughing and leaping at it.
It even grew tired, like a real quarry. Mrsha eventually snatched up the ball and Selys, panting with anxiety, stuffed the fragile objects she’d bought in her room and closed the door.
“Well! I think that was fun enough for now! Let’s—let’s go to the park instead, shall we? And wait—I think I hear two little friends coming!”
Indeed, Ekirra and Visma were both coming. Mrsha couldn’t smell them, but Selys had a spy-hole in her door and a magical stone you could activate for a brief look at whomever was outside. Mrsha held the little ball in her hands, delighted.
“Mrsha! Mrsha, we’re here!”
Ekirra shouted as soon as Selys opened the door. He and Visma had come with Visma’s older brother. He was a young Drake—around fourteen? And he’d walked them over, since he wasn’t apprenticing under the [Fletcher] he was working at today.
“Miss Shivertail.”
