Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 5
Velden muttered after the battle. Everyone stood over the dead Antinium, and Vess didn’t stop shaking. One of the fallen Drakes got up; the other was dead. He’d bled out from the bolt in his leg.
“What do we do? If we’re near their lines…”
The other Drakes were afraid, but Velden raised a claw. He listened.
“Hear that? Someone’s blowing our signal. I say we fall back, find an officer.”
“What about the Ants?”
Someone had found a shield. Velden slapped it.
“Don’t take their gear! You want Antinium weapons?”
“We killed them. No one’ll believe it! We got them!”
But the Drake abandoned the shield. Velden hesitated. He looked down.
“That’s a good point. Hey—those things have…antennae. Someone cut them off.”
Big Yam looked at Velden, but the Drake pointed.
“Like Goblin ears. We’ll prove we got them. Hang back. Vess, you do it.”
“Velden! I don’t want to touch—”
The Drake protested, but Velden shouted at him.
“You want to advance into their lines? Do it! This way we can head back and prove we fought, instead of abandoning our officer!”
So it fell to Vess to hack off the antennae with a dagger. He stared at the Antinium as he did. They wore similar steel armor, and they hadn’t any eyes. They were giant bugs and horrific. That was his first encounter with the Antinium, and he held the bits of chitin until Velden let him put them into a bag. The [Veteran] patted Vess on the arm.
“You did good, kid. How many’d you take down?”
“Huh? I don’t know.”
“I saw at least six. You were a crack shot with that wand.”
Someone else in Big Yam piped up. Vess realized he had taken down at least…Velden clapped him on the shoulder again.
“You’ll level tonight. Maybe even get an award. No one else took down six. Let’s go.”
 
——
 
The rest of the battle saw no fighting for Big Yam. They retreated until they found the rest of the army in the darkness, and by the time an officer came to see the Antinium antennae, command had announced for all groups aside from the embattled ones to hold; they’d done their job.
Liscor was falling back. The Alliance had won.
Vess was the hero of Big Yam. Not only had his squad taken out the Antinium, they’d done a great job. Even their [Sergeant] returned! He’d apparently lost his squad and taken charge of another.
There was a round of good Luldem beer for everyone that night, and Vess rolled over and heard the voice.
 
[Magic User Level 12!]
[Skill – Recharge Minor Wand obtained!]
[Skill – Intensify Spell obtained!]
[Spell – Light Arrow obtained!]
 
Vess sat up with a yelp. He’d gained five levels, broken his capstone, and gained a Skill to recharge wands in a single night! Velden groaned when Vess shook him, but then he beamed.
“That’s great news, kid. Let me go to sleep.”
 
——
 
Vess’ chest was as puffed as could be the next day. Until he heard they were continuing the battles. That made him worried, but the excitement of five levels in a single day, more than he’d gotten in any one year, made him accept it.
Velden himself looked reassured.
“That new group of [Mercenaries] are all they claim to be. Apparently they killed a thousand Antinium in one go. Who are they? I’ve never heard of…what was their group even called?”
A thousand? Vess’ jaw dropped. That Gnoll with the spear had changed the Alliance’s fortunes with one attack. Even the top brass went to visit his tent, though they seemed disappointed as they left. However, that was Vess’ entry into the war. With the mysterious Gnoll, the mercenaries, it seemed like Big Yam had gone into the fighting just to see it turn around.
 
 
 
 
Lulv, [Spearmaster]
 
