Interlude – The Pets of Innworld
Page 6
“Who would do that?”
“Hello? Hostile Demons? We’re three high-value targets—you haven’t ever had to watch out for that?”
The two non-Baleros leaders looked aghast. Tusxe snorted. She scanned the pig, leaning back.
“…It’s clear. So that’s not gold on it?”
“Not at all. Come here, you.”
The pig was skittish, but Solvet made a clicking sound and it froze. It turned, trotted over, and sat down. Vors was doubly impressed.
“It must be trained.”
“Ye-es. For wardog commands. I really didn’t think that would work. Hm…it’s not shedding, and someone’s kept the fake gold trimmed. You see, they eat minerals and produce fake gold.”
“Pyrite. That’s actually useful in spells. I guess this must be the property of someone in Paranfer.”
The other two looked at Vors. The pig glanced up at Solvet, then got to its hooves again. Tusxe blew out her cheeks.
“Well, now we’ve got pigs roaming around and bugs. A fine welcome. Feels like home.”
“Agreed. Perhaps something is wrong?”
Solvet hesitated. Vors was about to suggest they all go searching, but Tusxe beat them to it.
“Let’s check. And stay on your guard, you two.”
They headed down a corridor, the three of them, leaving the pig behind. Vors sensed the Lamia tossing scouting spells—he just began casting his own battle-spells from a list. As an afterthought, he tapped Solvet. The man jumped.
“What? What are you—?”
He blinked as Vors’ [Mage Armor] spell appeared on his body. Tusxe eyed it. Solvet was surprised, but nodded at Vors.
“Um, thank you.”
“Just in case. Do you need a backup weapon? I can lend you my Wand of Fire Bolts.”
The [Lord] hesitated, eyed his belt-knife, and nodded.
“That—would be appreciated. I shall try not to waste the charge. I have aiming Skills.”
“Good. Don’t worry, though; it’s rechargeable.”
Tusxe glanced back as she came to the end of the corridor. Something was on the door; a bit of paper clumsily tacked to the cracked wood.
“Really? Fancy. How do you do that? I’ve heard you can recharge wands, but mine just break when used.”
“Fissival-made. Rechargeable sidearms are standard.”
Vors smiled smugly. Right up until he saw the note on the door.
 
Apologies for the delay. General Idecan is unavoidably detained. Please help yourself to rfrshments.
 
‘Refreshments’ was misspelled. Vors stared at the note. He was tempted to crumple it up and stomp on it, but he held back, aware he was in company.
“No way. They just put that up there and…? Without telling us?”
Tusxe stared at the note. Then at Vors. Then both she and Vors recoiled as Solvet raised the wand and blasted the note with a bolt of fire. Vors stepped back from the flash of heat, but Solvet just handed the wand back.
“Apologies. I lost my temper. I would appreciate it if you didn’t mention that to General Idecan.”
The three looked at each other, and then back down the miserable corridor. As they turned back, they saw a little roach scurry out of the corridor, heard a squeal, and then the Goldflake Pig caught the bug up in its mouth and crunched it down. It stared at the three, wagging its spiral tail as Vors, Tusxe, and Solvet stared at it.
They looked at each other, the pig, and then burst out laughing.
 
—-
 
Thirty minutes later, Vors found himself flipping peanuts at the pig as it stood on hind legs, opening its mouth to catch them. It even did a little hop, and fell on its back, all four legs flailing.
He started laughing, and so did Solvet, but Tusxe helped the pig get up.
“Don’t laugh! Alright, you’re okay, you stupid pig.”
It smiled up at her, or looked like it. The Lamia gave it a pat on the head.
