Interlude – Relationships
Page 38
The Goblin grinned, and she reached out to steady the Human as she wobbled. She tried not to, but she gently leaned on the Goblin as they walked out of that hill of mists. The two of them slowly found a place to sit and talk, and tell each other how their lives had gone for a while.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I cannot finish it. There is a huge amount of words and I realized that my plan to include the entire conversation with Rags and Erin would make this 30k. It deserves more rested-me to do it, anyways.
On the plus side, even if I can’t always do the Volume 1 chapter rewrites due to being tired, I am improving my editing skills. I just wish I had more energy, but you know me.
Lazy, at least when it comes to things I don’t find fun. Maybe if I do this for about 9.5 million words I’ll start to enjoy it like writing. I’m still evolving how I write most ideally. Like stream-writing; I’ve been far more consistent and productive than I used to be.
I used to stop and start and procrastinate by playing the video games for hours, and then I’d nap and wake up after a four-hour sleep to write in the middle of the night to try and get a chapter done because I didn’t know how to stay focused and motivated until I was done for the day.
So streaming helps–and I’ve moved off Twitch and onto Youtube because I think I can keep the videos of me writing instead of them being auto-deleted after a while. I don’t know if I’ll keep streaming on Youtube, but Twitch has been so good in all the areas that if you’ve been keeping up with the news, you can totally understand how I’m confident in the platform. So much so that I’m now on Youtube.
Anyways, I’m not delving into the rest of the world because I can barely keep up with this one. Maybe someday, but writing takes priority. Have a good night! Wish me energy.
 
Erin’s Hat and Rabbiteater by butts!
Twitter: https://twitter.com/buttscord
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/buttsarts
 
 
Lady Menrise, Costumes, ‘Traffy’ the Law Elemental and more by Brack!
DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/shurkin/gallery/
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/brack
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Brack_Giraffe
   
 
Witch Hat, Hugs, and Relc Puzzles by pkay!


Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/peekay











 
 

