Interlude – Conversations
Page 10
Mrsha, still eating, looked around for her notepad. She began to sign with her paw, one-handed. Then, frustrated, remembered that no one could understand. And the voice runes…
Gire tilted her head, ears flicking with interest. She reached over, and handed Mrsha her notepad without having to stand.
 
Thank you. What is a [Paragon]? What do you do, again?
 
The big Gnoll girl smiled.
“[Paragon] is my class. Only one Ekhtouch has it—perhaps I’m the only Gnoll living that has this class. It means I am the inspiration, the exemplar of all Gnolls. I am…superior. In body and mind. I must lead my tribe and people by example.”
She said that all with a straight face. Mrsha blinked at Gire. The tall Gnoll touched her chest, then sighed and went back to eating.
“…Or so Chieftain Firrelle says. But how would she know? The last [Paragon] was four generations before her, so all she has to go on is rumor and [Shaman]-memory. All I do is train. I’m not old enough to have a job, so I am Tested, learn fighting, crafts, and am witnessed at the Meeting of Tribes.”
A sour look crossed Gire’s face. She caught herself as she saw Mrsha watching and bowed her head again.
“Forgive me. I’m complaining and you’re an esteemed guest. Are you waiting for Chieftain Torishi? I could fetch her if you wanted.”
Mrsha shook her head. She was fascinated by Gire. Especially—what had she said?
 
How old r u?
 
Gire frowned at the abbreviation.
“Fifteen. Fifteen years, two months, five days.”
Mrsha’s jaw dropped. Fifteen? But she was huge! Mrsha wondered if she would get that big. That was…a long way up. But then she could do anything she wanted! Lyonette could never stop her! But it probably made crawling under the table harder. And sneaking around.
She thought that, but just then, someone shouted.
“Gireulashia! Where are you? Breakfast!”
Gire grimaced. She turned with Mrsha, and clearly someone was following her by scent. Mrsha saw the Gnoll glance at the pot, conspicuously empty, and her paws blurred.
By the time a Gnoll with a huge, covered bin appeared, some kind of woven container charred at the bottom, Gire was innocently sitting with Mrsha, and the frying pan and the bowls were nowhere to be seen.
“Gire—oh. The guest.”
“I was entertaining our guest, as Chieftain Firrelle asked.”
Gire innocently gestured to Mrsha, and gave her a swift look. Mrsha nodded obediently. The Ekhtouch Gnoll sniffed, but nodded.
“Then—will you breakfast here?”
“I…yes. Yes, I will.”
Gire accepted the odd container from the Ekhtouch Gnoll, who gestured.
“I will have the rest sent over. Chieftain Firrelle wishes you to take part in sparring later today.”
“Very well.”
The [Paragon] sighed. But she was already opening what Mrsha realized was some kind of steaming device. The charred wood sat over a fire and within were…
Green…steamed buns? Mrsha craned her head to see as Gire put the huge basket in front of her. They could have fed everyone. And they were curiously green buns, with strange flecks of some kind of vegetable baked into the exterior. They had an odd smell, but Gire lifted one, took a huge bite, and revealed there was meat inside. Meat and some other ingredients.
“I’m sorry. They never let me have bird hash. And I cannot go and buy food with them watching. Just pretend I’m eating everything. I’ll account for the extra food…”
Mrsha’s eyes nearly popped out of her head as a second basket was brought in, placed before Gire, and revealed a double helping of food. Mrsha was known in various circles back home as a devilish stealer of food.
