Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 32
“There are few experts in Liscor. There is a [Silversmith] among the Silverfangs who does excellent work, but that’s not exactly what you want. I’ve dabbled in sculpting, but only as a hobby. If you want an expert, Invrisil or Esthelm would be your best bets. And that will strain any budget, believe me. But I can certainly redesign your inn with that in mind. Am I late for my meeting?”
Hexel, the [Architect], looked at the stunned Numbtongue, the crowds in the inn, and then at Erin. He raised one brow as Erin turned to him.
“Of course, you remembered we had a meeting now? I’ll take that as a yes if you need a moment. For some food.”
 
——
 
Erin had forgotten all about her appointed visit with Hexel. However, it was almost as well she had gone into the [Garden] today; it had refreshed her memory.
She had a lot of foolscap blueprints, which surprised everyone, including Hexel. He stared around the inner Earther-rooms that Erin had rushed him into. Lyonette and Ishkr carried out a blackboard with some diagrams he eyed, but his attention was mostly on the blueprints. The [Architect] murmured as he delicately ate some roasted pheasant bites.
“I knew you had secret interior rooms. Quite sensible and mostly [Rogue]-proof, although the higher-level ones will just teleport or phase through your walls, you know.”
“They can do that?”
The [Architect] smiled politely. The Lamia was curled up with a workman’s vest—no lower garments. Not that he needed them, scales glittering bright, yellow flecked with browns and reds. His scar that Drakes had given him shifted when he smiled, but he seemed more at ease after being in Liscor for a while.
“Countering [Rogues] is an entire game for certain specialists, Miss Erin. I’m not one of them, but it’s quite difficult to create something totally impenetrable. And of course, if you have a delicate system with a hundred subtle counters, it might not stop a battering ram. Design to the client’s needs. And it seems like you have—an amazingly ambitious inn. What is…who made this?”
His interested look turned to one of confusion. Erin was hardly good at laying out blueprints, nor was she trained, but she had captured most of the ideas, by dint of someone repeating the instructions a few thousand times.
The [Innkeeper] smiled sheepishly as Lyonette hovered behind her with some tea. Ostensibly to facilitate the discussions, but also because she was intensely curious.
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you, Hexel.”
The Lamia glanced up, and his slitted eyes narrowed on Erin for a moment. He looked down, sorting through a complex layer of blueprints, and spoke.
“…Drevish the Architect?”
Erin’s spray of tea nearly hit the blueprints until Hexel swept them away. Erin gagged as Lyonette nearly dropped her teapot.
“How’d you—?”
“I’ve studied Drevish’s work. There’s not an [Architect] alive who hasn’t. This—fastidiousness. This obscene backward-design and complexity? Even the way he lays out the ideas is quintessentially him. Did you get this from some project he had? Khelt—I’d assume. But this…this is tailored to your inn. How did you do it?”
Hexel was shaken. But he was also intelligent enough to wait for Erin’s response. The [Innkeeper] hesitated. Then she remembered what Olesm had told her earlier. She took a deep breath. Could she trust…?
She looked the Lamia in the eye and thought about how long he’d been here. Also, Elirr liked him, and Mrsha said Hexel was good. She had to trust someone, so Erin leaned forwards.
“Keep it a secret, Hexel?”
He nodded. Erin whispered.
“G-ghosts.”
