Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 37
There was a faint scar from where the wounds had been dealt; beyond that, no one could see anything wrong with his legs or the bone structure beneath the skin. Of course not. Pisces knew bones.
Yet something was different. For…Shein walked and nearly skipped over the sands. He kept saying the same thing.
“It’s so light.”
His bones were lighter. Nearly half their original weight. Which was…well, a femur was barely a single pound in weight, and all the little bones added up, but it wasn’t that much on the whole.
Yet it did make a difference. Pisces had sweated, improvised, tried to find a way to do what Riqre wanted and had come up with this in the moment. He could have added to Shein’s bone mass, but that would just make him heavier, even if it was stronger.
Instead, Pisces had created a kind of internal structure that Yvlon’s arm had used, and added the Grand Elephant bone in place of Shein’s bone.
Stronger bone. There was a bit of magic in Grand Elephant bodies that allowed them to support their weight. Thusly, Shein’s bones could be lighter-weight and just as strong. Stronger.
I never told Erin that her bear-teeth were probably tougher than normal. Pisces walked along, attracting just as many stares.
Riqre was overjoyed. He’d been a bit suspicious until he’d gotten Pisces to swear on a truth-spell, and now he laughed.
“Better than the fleshshapers of A’ctelios! They can only mend flesh. Bravo, Pisces! Bravo, dear boy! I want you more now!”
Even Igheriz smiled. Pisces had not levelled, but the [Necromancer] knew that was only because he was Level 38. If he had done this ten levels ago? He was sure he would have levelled in the night.
“Excellent work, Emir Riqre. Your talents are undersung and I shall sing them loud when we go to Roshal.”
“My estates first, Igheriz. My estates first.”
Igheriz hesitated, and glanced at the [Carrion Eaters]. The mood of the caravan turned bleak once more. Yet Riqre beamed. He pointed at Pisces.
“So what about it, Igheriz? You see my point?”
“Of course, Riqre.”
“Good. Then we will do it again tonight. Perhaps a [Guard] who wants to be taller? Or just a [Slave] you want to change a bit. After all…a few of mine would like to be taller, or more compact. A chin shaped so.”
Igheriz looked sidelong. Pisces’ head rose. Riqre met his gaze as he gestured to [Slaves] who had the slightest imperfections as he saw it. An inch too short. A nose broken once. He looked at Pisces.
“Pisces can help us create perfection. He surely cannot refuse that, can he?”
Pisces stood there and felt the jaws of a trap closing. If he refused, Riqre would punish someone. If he accepted…
It was just [Necromancy]. Put to good use. This was not evil. This was…was…
This was what Az’kerash and he had dreamed of.
That was what was so terrifying.
 
—-
 
Thereafter, Pisces was favored once more. Not for his fame, but for Riqre’s interest. Ironically enough, for his value not as a celebrity, but his powers with bones.
He would trudge along with the others for an hour before someone unhooked him, then led him to a wagon where he would sit in shade, or work when they stopped. Every night Riqre would demand the same thing.
“Improve him, Pisces.”
“Make her a tiny bit…more appealing. I think her chin is a bit jutting, don’t you agree?”
First it was [Slaves]. Then he came with a [Guard].
“This man has weak bones. Can you fix him?”
