Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 45
“Have you never ordered your mighty Azam to change forms? Aethertraveller he might be, but they have talents. Have you never seen how far you can order them?”
Igheriz hesitated. Azam’s head slowly turned and he met Emir Riqre’s gaze. He did not shudder, or show fear. Yet Pisces thought even the Djinni feared…Riqre laughed and beckoned Igheriz to whisper. All others dining saw Azam begin to shake. And that was only the start.
The madness grew worse. And the Emir had called for Pisces. He was going to drag Pisces into it. Force him into this horror, and Pisces already saw the Emir watching him. The [Necromancer] felt sick. He would not be the same. No one who fell would. He rose, but Igheriz whispered and Pisces was unable to run.
“Pisces. Igheriz told me he marked you. Let me show you too—the very foundations of your class. Do not worry. We will begin gently, at first. With games. Fetch me a [Slave]. One who was often with Pisces. Games first, then to the true matters.”
Emir Riqre beckoned and Pisces did shout then, a mortal shout of horror to be freed, to run. He couldn’t move.
 
—-
 
This is how Riqre played his games. He broke you apart. Took you deeper into darkness. Let you float there, even try to escape.
Then dragged you down again.
It was a variation of the tasks they had made Pisces do before. A game, Riqre called it.
Pisces sat in a room apart from the banquet. He had been led there, locked in. He did not have to wait long.
“Bearig!”
Cawe screamed as they dragged him in. The man was screaming. He screamed as they dropped him, ungently, laughing. Pisces stared in horror at his legs.
“Broken! It lasted for a while, but not against hammers, eh? Try again, Pisces!”
This was the game. Bearig had been here twice. First, they broke his legs. Then Pisces sent him out…and they broke them again.
Riqre himself appeared in the doorway, swaying. Behind him, Pisces heard a voice. Azam’s? It was a shout, but there were no words.
Cawe backed up into a corner. Pisces did likewise. He couldn’t help it.
“What are you doing?”
“Pisces, I’m helping you, of course. I am disappointed. I have hammers. I can break this man’s legs.”
He pointed at Bearig, who was choking on his saliva and the pain. Emir Riqre tapped the side of his nose.
“Stop me. Six blows from my own hand, Pisces! Stronger bones! Make him a better man! A better [Cook] or [Laborer]! Like, yes, like a Draugr! Imagine it! A mix between undead and man! You have twenty five minutes.”
He was gone before Pisces could react, hurrying towards the Djinni’s voice. Pisces looked at Bearig.
“Pisces. Pisces. My legs!”
The man wailed. Pisces slowly approached. He knelt, uncollared, but unable to use his magic except as Riqre willed it.
“I know, Bearig. Just…hold on. I’ll stop him from breaking your legs. I’ll make you better. Improve you. Give me a moment. I’ll make it so they can never break you again. Perhaps you can save us if we leave here.”
Cawe saw Pisces kneel. Bearig was out of his mind with pain, yet it was the Garuda who saw Pisces touch the Grand Elephant’s bone he was using to meld into Bearig. She mouthed the words.
“Better? Improve…?”
There was something in Pisces’ eyes. He looked at Bearig, but it was a detached look. Could he make something out of Bearig such that the man could break their chains? He looked at Bearig, but not at him.
Cawe opened and closed her beak. Then she saw the door opening. She tried to flee, to find a place to hide in the bare room. No. Not her! Not—
 
—-
 
