Interlude – The [Rower] and the [Bartender]
Page 4
But the Olympian refused to give up. And then, at last—
He spotted land in the distance.
 
—-
 
It was a simple tale that engulfed Noa. A tale to break up the mundanity—and sometimes terrifying danger—of her watch duty.
Similar to many stories she’d heard. But it was better, realer, because it was happening. It was the story of a Human too stubborn to die.
She was sure of it after the third day of staring through her spyglass. And her superior finally admitted she was right after the tiny, tiny disturbance became clearer to both. He breathed out at last.
“Dead gods. It is a Human out there. Same as you saw last week.”
He grudgingly passed the spyglass back. Noa smirked, but hid it as he glared at her. Ekrn didn’t like being wrong.
“He’s been swimming towards the coast for a week, you said?”
She nodded, eyes on the horizon. You couldn’t even see the tiny Human without help of the spyglass.
“That’s right. He must be a survivor of a shipwreck or something.”
Ekrn grunted, tapping his foot on the ground. Noa wanted to know what had been the accident; her immediate superior was less enamored by the idea of the Human doggedly coming their way.
“Wonder how he survived. Bag of holding and luck that nothing ate him?”
“Maybe. Or fish. It rained as well, so that’s water, food…”
As he mused, Noa danced from foot to foot. Her nice, new crocodile-skin boots, a copy of his, made her feel wonderfully secure.
“So what’s the plan, Ekrn?”
“Plan?”
He gave her a blank look. Noa wanted to know if they were going to send out a rescue party. Of course…his look told her that was a stupid idea. Of course they wouldn’t do that.
“Keep an eye on the Human. If he lives or dies, that’s up to him. Odds are a hundred thousand to one he doesn’t come this way of all the places he could land up. If he even makes it to shore. If he does…”
His expression was not a kindly one. Crestfallen, Noa watched Ekrn stomp off. She turned and kept watching the Human.
 
—-
 
Two weeks. Four by Luan’s count, when he finally neared the shores. He was moving faster now, and Noa’s sentry post wasn’t the only one that had called him in.
She was dancing as Ekrn watched, grimly, the Human coming to shore.
“Crazy bastard must have leveled. He’s moving faster than he has any right to without Skills.”
“He’s entering into the inlet. Ekrn.”
There was a river pouring out to sea; they had made their home along it, although further inland than was comfortable for access to the water. But that was out of necessity. Ekrn shook his head as he adjusted the bow on his back.
“Bad idea. If he had any sense, he’d circle in either direction.”
Noa bit her lip. She wanted to say that this Human had been at sea for at least two weeks, trying to reach shore. He had to be starving, and taking a few hours’ detour wouldn’t occur to him.
But Ekrn was right.
“Boss—can’t we do something?”
“No.”
“But he—”
“He’s a Human. You have your orders. Hold position. Let’s see what he does.”
It was callous. But it was survival. Even so, Ekrn himself looked a bit…disgruntled. This Human had survived what few did, swimming to their continent on his own power. And now—he was going to die.
Because he would have been well served staying clear of the river. The river of Baleros’ jungles was freshwater. And all manner of predators lurked there.
Carnivorous fish. Crocodiles. Magical crocodiles. Invisible leeches…saltwater was safer than freshwater in Baleros, so long as you weren’t in the range of the ocean’s worst predators. The oceans had far bigger monsters, but less density.
