Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 49
“No, Pisces. I treasure you. So, my people. Bring me bones. If Pisces will not change the living…let us perform his great spell! I see it Pisces, and I know you must have never used it! Are you not curious? I am so curious. Perform the [Ritual of the Lord of Bones] for me! Let us make a glorious masterpiece!”
He threw up his arms and there was laughter and cheering. Pisces stood there. He looked at Riqre and dropped the knife dully.
Oh yes. He would try that. If there was a chance…his eyes were filled with the same fear as Azam’s. He would try, but how would Riqre twist him? How…would he fall? That was the Emir’s genius. Hope inverted itself around him. Pisces felt raw, terrible giggling in his throat. He began to laugh, as manically as Riqre.
Somewhere in his mind, he tripped and began to tumble.
 
—-
 
No salvation came. No hope.
It was the opposite of hope that appeared. It came in a sobbing woman, as tortured as Igheriz could make her. She had seen how much worse that could be.
Too much. Eloque had run, screaming with pain, her body a mimicry of a Stitchfolk’s. The Lizardwoman fled the laughing room in the chaos after Emir Riqre called for the [Necromancer] Pisces, and madness swept the crowd.
She fled again from Pisces as he sank into this hell. Eloque ran on, ignored by the [Guards] as they celebrated. Deeper. Deeper into the keep, running from what would follow and kill her one way or the other.
Down. Past wine cellars.
Down. Into the earth the Emir had dug into, deeper, into the cold and darkness.
Down. Where there was no light. Down so many steps she had to stop to breathe.
It was here Eloque found something. Found…but she had known. Known deep down, even when she did not want to admit it. Here, cut into the narrowing staircase, was Riqre’s promise to all those who did not love him. She looked around.
Jars. Each one large. Large enough to hold someone inside. But not to stand upright. They would be crammed in, like fish. Like…
There were hundreds of them. She had passed many, and many more lay there. Still. Silent.
There was air to breathe. They were fed. They were…Eloque backed away in horror. She drew breath to scream.
But even the air sucked away the words. Here was the end of everything. Riqre wanted Pisces for this, to take him even further into horror.
I have gone deep as I can, but I cannot go deeper, even when I dig… Eloque stared at each jar, and she felt it. The same thing Pisces did. What all the [Slaves], even the [Guards] and Igheriz and Hrome did.
The pure, unadulterated wrongness.
If you could, if you were free and had all the power in the world, what would you do to this place? This corrupted pit of the soul?
Her hands reached out, shaking beyond belief.
“Hello? Can you hear me?”
No response. The jars were silent. Perhaps everything here was dead. But Eloque felt…
“It must end.”
The Lizardwoman spoke. She looked at the thing Igheriz had made of her body. String amid her scales. She thought of all she had endured and all they had.
Months. Years. Decades, maybe, like this.
She had seen the [Carrion Eaters]. The [Slave] whispered.
“It must end. Either way—”
She heard voices. Her pursuers, lazy with contempt and laughter, were following, tracking her. Eloque looked up. There was nowhere to hide; the staircase down was not finished. It could continue forever if time and effort allowed. There was only Eloque… and the jars.
Slowly, she reached out. The air seemed to grow tighter and she thought she heard a…sound.
“Will you free me? Free us all?”
