Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 20
Each piece went on, secure, laced together. No frayed string—then you tied a knot that would last you all day; that wouldn’t slip or get loose, or let the string trip you up. Then you had your feet set. ‘If nothing else’, the [Sergeant] had once told Relc, ‘you can fight naked but in good boots.’ You could fight and dodge arrows and blades, but if you slipped—it was all over.
Relc smiled for a second as he looked at the knot. That was done. Thusly, Relc Grasstongue had on good boots. That was what he knew. The entirety of it.
Clothing came next, or ideally, before the boots if you weren’t ready for battle. Relc had never taken his clothes off from yesterday. Clothes…didn’t matter. Armor might matter, but his armor had changed. Armor did not define Relc.
Routine. The Drake thought about what he did. And he realized—there was something he’d been neglecting to do. Something that was ‘Relc’, if there was anything that was Relc. So he got up. His body creaked a bit as he walked to the door. Relc left his apartment.
A few Gnolls and Drakes gave him wary looks, but they recognized Relc as being a [Guard] and no one called out to him. They watched him, especially Gnolls, Relc realized, as one watches an unpredictable danger.
He couldn’t think of that right now. Relc was still trying to rebuild Relc with no false gaps, no imaginary pieces. So he counted the things he knew.
Blacksmith puzzles. He liked them. Relc walked down the steps of the apartment complex. There was a little plaza in a three-sided space; the complex could hold a lot of transitory people. All the rooms looked down into the center area. It was good enough.
Food. Relc was into food. He liked Embria. Treasured her. Wanted the best for her. But what did he have? Well, he had the [Carpenter] class. He had tried to garden. He enjoyed drinks, but that didn’t define him.
Love? He stared at the sky. He…had rather liked Embria’s mother.
“Oresha.”
However, they had been [Soldiers]. Young. Her getting pregnant hadn’t…been in Relc’s mind. It would have been rather like Ryoka Griffin getting pregnant—he hadn’t known her.
Family. That was Embria. Relc wasn’t skilled in fields outside of fighting. He didn’t have some amazing backup talent. He wasn’t building anything. Wasn’t dreaming of a project. The Drake stood in the courtyard, ignoring other people coming and going, occasionally glancing at the intimidating Drake. Walking wide of him, especially his enchanted spear.
His spear. One of his few possessions. His treasure. Now didn’t that suck? The Drake smiled bitterly. In the end, he had three things, he supposed.
Good boots. Embria. And this. He looked at the long spear, taller than he was by a bit. A killing weapon. A [Mage]-killer. A weapon to slay enemy officers if they wore armor or not.
Charge into enemy ranks. Alone. Run past [Soldiers]; dodge arrows. Strike them dead and run. 
At first it had been entire attack-groups. Then he had been an ‘elite’, sent in for missions like this when both sides were fighting.
When had it just been him, charging ahead of the rest? When had they begun calling him the ‘Gecko’? Put bounties on his head, begun targeting him?
Relc raised the spear, slowly. It was so much a part of him that he knew its weight perfectly. He could balance it on a tip of his claw. This, more than anything, was what he knew. More than boots. He was ashamed to say it, but he knew the spear more than his daughter.
Relc began from the start. And each day, this was how he started. First boots. Then—he hefted the spear and began to practice.
