Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 28
Lyonette went after Erin. The others stood still, murmuring. But without the flame and Erin—the inn was returning to normal.
“Something crazy each time I come here. I tell you, that’s our crazy Human.”
A Drake joked. There was laughter, nervous. But aside from Erin’s friends, people were relaxing. And as Ceria, Pisces, Jelaqua, Maughin, and a few others hurried after Lyonette to Pallass, the others sat back.
“I’m uh—anyone going to Liscor? Wailant? Are you alright?”
Drassi looked at the [Pirate]. He laughed, a bit shakily.
“Nothing burned, Miss Drassi. Apologies, Seborn. That was a hell of a fire, though.”
“No offense taken.”
The Drowned Man nodded warily. Drassi began adjusting the door, letting some people through and out. She opened the door to Liscor—and blinked at her next guests.
“Oh! Olesm! Councilmembers?”
“Hello, Drassi. We’d like a private table.”
Krshia smiled at Drassi. Elirr was with her, and behind her, Guildmistress of the Mage’s Guild, Alonna. And—
“We’re still discussing the matter, Silverfang! The council session is not over! Bah! And this inn’s at the heart of it all!”
Lism strode through the door, tail lashing the ground. The Councilmembers glowered, but they nodded as Drassi looked about hurriedly.
“We can put you at the table at the back over there—um! Oh, hi, Olesm. Are you sitting with…?”
“No, Drassi. Is Erin here?”
A [Strategist] entered the inn. Olesm, blue-scaled, tail hung low, was exhausted. As the four Councilmembers marched over to the table, still bickering, Olesm deliberately hung back.
“Wow. You look tired.”
Drassi was adjusting the door to Esthelm. Olesm nodded.
“The Council’s been in session for hours. Well—they’re still talking. Jeiss and Raekea had to go, but…Ancestors, you heard about what happened, right?”
The [Gossip] nodded, not quite comprehending.
“That Lady Reinhart found out how many Antinium were living under the city and other stuff, right?”
“That’s putting it mildly.”
Olesm’s stomach was in knots. The Antinium were double even the largest estimates he’d seen. And they had a tunnel that led southwards? They could sack Liscor anytime they wanted. And the Walled Cities were in a panic.
The only reason they’d let Liscor’s Council and Olesm go was because they clearly thought the Council and Olesm were idiots who hadn’t known anything about the Antinium. And they were right. Watch Captain Zevara was getting grilled—and Olesm?
He just wanted to talk to Erin. It had been so long since he’d come here. He didn’t feel…welcome anymore. Not after the election. That had been his choice. But…
“I’d really like to speak to Erin, if she’s here?”
The Drake looked hopefully at Drassi. She sucked in her breath.
“Ooh. You know, she was just here. But there was this thing with black fire and uh—not a good time? She’s in Pallass.”
“Pallass? Oh—fine. But let her know I’d really like to talk? If she has time?”
Olesm sighed. Drassi nodded sympathetically.
“Do you want to sit with the Horns?”
“They’re here? Ceria’s here?”
Olesm brightened. He looked around and saw—Yvlon and Ksmvr, talking anxiously. But no Ceria. Drassi winced.
“Ceria’s gone too. She went after Erin—”
The [Strategist] eyed Ksmvr and Yvlon. He sighed.
“I’ll sit alone.”
“Oh! Well, sorry—I’ll let you know when anyone comes over!”
Drassi called out after Olesm. She went back to the magical door, adjusted it to Invrisil and blinked.
“Ancestors! Um. Hello!”
 
—-
 
Olesm found a seat next to the Councilmembers. The four of them were still talking. Lism was speaking to Krshia, Elirr, and Alonna. And for once, they weren’t in disagreement, just shock.
