Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 18
“By burning down a city! And putting thousands of lives at risk! But he did win; I’ve just never seen eye-to-eye with him. I’ll admit, he got me, but Tulm was a troublesome student. Brilliant of course, but he could get under my skin! Still, he was as young as you two when I taught him.”
Niers frowned darkly, then brightened.
“Would you like to hear all about his embarrassing mistakes?”
Spellbound, Umina and Wil nodded. Niers chuckled.
“You think you made a bad mistake by not writing your name on your report, Umina? One time we had an assignment to lead a group of [Soldiers] like this last project—only in reality! Somehow, Tulm misheard the beach I wanted everyone to meet at and thought he was marching north. He made it three hundred miles and got hopelessly lost—it was two weeks before we found him! He thought the monsters, [Bandits], and everything he ran into was part of the test!”
He laughed. Umina giggled, trying to imagine that. Wil was trying not to, but he had to turn his head and chuckle. Niers went on.
“And he was hopelessly enamored with one of my other teachers. A Selphid.”
“No.”
“Oh yes! He wrote a love letter and it got mixed up with my homework. It was—ah, poetic in that Dullahan fashion. I think he nearly hopped off the citadel’s highest tower when he realized he’d turned it in with his assignment. I still have a copy. Want me to find it?”
“No! I mean—”
Umina was aghast. Tulm the Mithril? Niers grinned.
“Just remember he’s a person too. And he was as young as you two! Of course, now he’s a legend. But no one’s perfect. Perorn—”
He paused.
“Well, maybe I shouldn’t talk about her. She’d probably stomp on me if I told you her mistakes.”
“She made some?”
The Fraerling hesitated as he looked up at Wil, leaning down. Umina did likewise. The Titan wavered and then tapped one side of his nose.
“The fishing incident. I dare say no more. If you’ve brave, you’ll get someone else to ask Perorn about it.”
He chortled. And Umina and Wil laughed too. They were relaxed now. Suddenly, Umina found herself asking Niers, the Professor, the Titan questions. What was Perorn like as a student? And Wil was doing the same. They caught themselves, exchanged a glance.
It was a side of Niers they had never seen. And both of them felt it. This was a special moment. Something they’d earned. The Titan was speaking to them like equals. But neither could dwell on it; he was still talking.
And now Niers was speaking of Daquin. They’d gone over the game in detail in a number of lessons, but the Professor was speaking to Wil, looking up at him, smiling fondly.
“Brilliant work, Wil. Moving an entire strike force from Terandria to outside of Daquin by sea, unseen, and timing their attack? As logistics go, you’re already above most average [Strategists]. Hone that talent, lad. Don’t let it be your only trump card, but know that you have an advantage there and everyone will remember that fact.”
Niers held up a finger.
“With that said, you need work commanding a larger force. I don’t expect any of my students to beat Tulm in a city-wide brawl, even with the element of surprise and the Order of Seasons, but your command, while good, was too straightforward. Tulm was expecting more surprises which never came, and when he found your measure he began pushing you back hard. Still, you managed to make him use one of his better Skills—no, two of them. That’s something to be proud of.”
Wil nodded, breathless. The Fraerling turned to the Lizardgirl, and she felt a surge of apprehension. But Niers’ smile was kind.
