Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 25
The next day, Shelly was back. Only, it was a Soldier and two new Workers instead of the original. A new group of Liscorian soldiers who hadn’t heard about the cheater were complaining about the Antinium’s luck.
“What do you think it is? Maksie? I think it’s cheating, but I don’t know.”
Wing Commander Embria had noticed the odd behavior. She turned to the Scout Leader. Maksie looked at the familiar Soldier.
“…Don’t know.”
Embria eyed Maksie. She drew her aside.
“You alright, Maksie? Is it…getting to you?”
Even veterans could snap. However, the soup wasn’t that thick. For 4th Company, at least. Maksie blinked. The Oldblood Drake fanned her wings, and the [Aerial Scout] looked at Embria.
“No. Not me. It’s the Ants.”
Embria hesitated. The Antinium? Maksie shook her head. She kept looking at them.
“Don’t tell me you’re feeling bad for them.”
Embria half-joked, a smile on her face. She half-meant it. They were getting torn up, but she wasn’t prepared for the silent look Maksie gave her. She couldn’t even joke about it. Embria’s face grew somber, surprised, as Maksie jerked her head.
“Listen, Wing Commander. I don’t like Antinium. I listen to the old guard. I know Sserys got…listen. I didn’t feel bad even when they were wiped out. We’re on the same side, but I know they’re Ants. I saw them getting minced by Manus. I see it up there.”
She jerked her head up at the sky. Embria nodded, uncomprehending, and Maksie went on.
“It’s not when they die—just when they die—that gets me. I’ve seen last stands. They go down fighting. You have to be able to survive that or you quit scouting. Give away your position.”
“Right.”
It wasn’t easy, being the observer who called in data. You couldn’t break cover. So…Maksie looked Embria straight in her eyes, and her wings fluttered like her breath: quick, pained.
“It’s not that. What gets me is when they run away. The Ants. Or pretend to be dead. Or don’t move and just grab a buddy. When they break and run.”
She looked past Embria at Shelly. The Wing Commander thought of something to say. What she didn’t say, what was illegal to say…Maksie muttered.
“They look like Drakes.”
That comment would later cause a fight in 4th Company’s private tents with the officers, after which Maksie would stop showing up. As for Shelly? He kept stealing coins and exchanging them for food.
Crusader 51 wondered why other officers didn’t stop him.
 
——
 
He was not strong. [Faith is My Strength] only made him stronger. He believed when they heard the sermons. Heaven…Heaven…
But he was not strong. Just stronger.
Crusader 53 was strong. They ran into an officer leading Hectval’s [Soldiers]. He cut down Crusader 57 again. A sweeping flamberge. Enchanted. Another piercing, too-sharp blade. 
It met Crusader 51’s own enchanted sword, and the Drake backed up, cursing.
“Take out that Antinium!”
Crusader 51 fell back as spears jabbed at him, glancing off his armor, and he whirled his sword, slashing at the other weapons. But that left Crusader 53 exposed! The officer saw the lopsided [Crusader] and charged, his sword sweeping out for a cut straight through Crusader 53.
The [Maceman] turned. And his mace swung at the enchanted flamberge. The two weapons met—and the officer’s weapon went bouncing away.
“What—”
The Drake looked flabbergasted at the flamberge as it nearly juddered out of his claws. How? The mace was not enchanted! And yet…did it glow as Crusader 53 lifted it? How had it done that? How—
