Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 7
“I apologize, sir. I am Archer E41, and I was not present yesterday. Gemhead is likely on guard-duty. I will report this failure to Strategist Belgrade upon my return.”
“Oh—I didn’t mean you had to. Just so long as I see him sometime this week.”
Tekshia snorted as the Drake tried to clear things up. Antinium were entirely literal. They were also getting more and more interesting.
First paint. Then some decided accessories were as much their personality as paint, like the one which had no paint—save for a gemstone they wore like a kind of tiara between their antennae.
That was just as much an indication of Liscor changing: the fact that people spoke to Antinium and didn’t seem as mistrustful. However—it was still a huge change in one year.
Erin Solstice or not, there was more at play to how fast Liscor was changing. One reason was the Antinium themselves, but another was a power even Tekshia realized most were beholden to. From her Guild to Liscor’s Council—
It was the power of economics. Specifically?
Antinium economics. The patrol of Antinium often took this route, and, as a result, they were not halfway down the street when a panting stall owner wheeled up, smoke and a meaty scent wafting from the stall.
“I’m late! I’m—oh, Ancestors. Good! Hello! Can I interest your patrol in some hamburgers? Antinium-friendly cornmeal buns! See? Hot and very reasonable! Only one silver and two copper per!”
Tekshia’s snort made the Gnoll hesitate, but the Antinium leading the patrol twitched his antennae and then counted the Antinium present.
“The inn is very busy. How many here have had a hamburger?”
He counted the five hands raised out of the entire patrol and decided that it was a good purchase. The Gnoll stared at the gold coins avariciously as another stall owner hurried down the street—too late.
Antinium economics. The Free Hive had a lot of gold, and until now, The Wandering Inn had been getting most of it. It had taken a bit for the restaurants and other sellers of food to realize what they were missing. Only when Pawn had approached a few and bought huge amounts of food at their prices did they realize the Antinium were a literal goldmine.
You might not like them at first, but if you sold to them…none of the Antinium seemed to care that they were being overcharged. They ate happily—and it was good food they wanted. They would not ever say if it were bad food—but Tekshia noticed they were getting pickier and pickier with whose food they bought. Before, anyone offering food would get a sale, no questions asked. Now? You had better know the Antinium were intolerant to gluten or you’d be passed by.
She wondered if she should tell the patrol leaders not to pay so much. Then again—Tekshia also knew about Garry’s stall, and she considered that a boon for everyone in no small way. With the Humans and new parts of the city under development, Liscor really was feeling…new.
For instance, an older Silverfang Gnoll was pondering his next chess move, a tentative addition to the Drake group. Tekshia wondered if she’d get along with some Humans. She sipped at her tea cup and decided they had to try this ‘boba’ thing that Imani’s kitchen was offering via Timbor’s inn.
It was hard to get Imani’s new treats, but Tekshia had a granddaughter, and Selys was going to get it for her.
 
——
 
What even the canny Guildmistress, Spearmaster Tekshia, didn’t know was that the Antinium’s over-expenditures were being noticed by the one authority who could make it her concern. Yet the Free Queen didn’t care.
