Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 3
Relc poked at the padded metal armor he’d been issued when they realized he only had leather and chainmail. A Drake tossed a brush at him, looking exasperated.
“Because you keep storing it after it rains without wiping it down or maintaining it!”
“Well, I’m used to leather. Thanks.”
Relc amiably caught the brush and began scraping off rust. A nearby Drake winced at the sound as she put on her armor. Cellidel’s Watch got padded metal armor; more expensive, more protective. Heavier, though; they arrived a touch slower than Liscor’s Watch could thanks to it. It was a good tradeoff, though.
“Leather armor…Relc. You know leather gets mildew and mold and Creler-crap on it too, right? Do you do the exact same thing you do with our armor to your gear?”
“Er…I guess I’ve had a problem with that too.”
A groan from the Drake who’d asked. Relc just grinned, cleaned up his armor, and tossed the brush back with thanks. He put on his armor with commendable speed; there was even tail-armor for Cellidel’s Watch, another difference.
The Drakes stood around, metal flashing, talking, more male Drakes than female, but that wasn’t unusual. Relc listened to city-gossip, and he didn’t bother checking the patrol reports.
He knew what was coming next. It was the start of the month. Thus, when the Watch Captain, Terigrals, strode out of his ground-floor office and barked an order, Relc was lining up before some of the other [Guards], who’d been taken…off-guard.
If Klbkch had been there, Relc would have mentioned that joke and laughed until Zevara snapped at him.
Since Klbkch was gone, he was in a different city, and Erin was dead, Relc just stood to attention.
Routine. This was how a Watch started its month. This was how you kept corruption from spreading up the ranks, in part.
“Guardsman Possel. Do you swear that you have committed no crime against Cellidel’s citizens, broken no law of the city or of your class, and have not violated the integrity of your position as Senior Guardsman in any way?”
The Watch Captain held up a crystal. The first Drake in line barked a reply.
“Yes, Watch Captain!”
The stone glowed white. The Watch Captain nodded, walked ahead, waited until the stone turned clear, and began again.
“Guardswoman Gesa—”
Relc waited. When Terigrals walked up to him, he looked up, asked Relc the same thing.
“Yes, Watch Captain. I swear.”
Relc gave him a grin. The Watch Captain’s face stolidly watched the truth stone, and when it turned white, he smiled.
“Well then, get to work, Guardsman! You’re with Pos. Have you memorized the streets yet?”
“A few…”
Relc hazarded. Again, it was best to stretch how little you knew until you couldn’t get away with it any longer. That was how you avoided taking too much on. Terigrals still bought it; he thought of Relc as being from far, far away, as far as Fissival, despite Cellidel being only south of Pallass for a bit. Liscor was another world.
“Well then, with Senior Guardsman Pos.”
The other Drake groaned, but only in jest. Relc watched as the stone went down the line.
Twice it went grey, and the two Drakes gulped as the Watch Captain singled them out for questioning later. It was far from a perfect system, but it did catch the lowest-hanging fruit. Smart Watch Captains like Zevara did more than administer the truth stone.
