Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 41
Hedault felt his wand vibrating in his hand. He saw Nalthaliarstrelous drop to one knee, panting. The Shield Spiders flooded at him, greatly reduced.
“Why are they attacking him? Even insects should retreat.”
Chaldion ignored the look Yellow Splatters gave him. He turned to Teriarch for confirmation. The half-Elf shrugged.
“[Druids].”
“[Challenge of the Wilds]. He wants to erase their foothold on the Floodplains.”
Shassa breathed. Mrsha saw Nalthaliarstrelous on his knee. He was panting wildly. She could feel his exhaustion. But the spiders—
“Do something!”
Lyonette shouted in horror. Grimalkin pointed. The [Siege Fireball] blew a section of them apart. The other [Mages] rained spells at a distance at the black wave. But Nalthaliarstrelous was their target.
As they came for him, the [Druid]’s body grew. Mrsha saw brown fur race over his body. His form changed—
“Dead gods.”
Erin heard someone breathe. The Dire Bear form rose. It crushed the largest spider with a roar, claws tearing through even the thick armor with contemptuous ease. Nalthaliarstrelous brought his arms down, smashing the body.
The spiders swarmed him. Erin lost track of the [Druid]; the hill poured with spiders. But something was thrashing about as they tried to bite through his fur and flesh. Crushing them. Tearing them apart. Eating some of them, or spitting out fragments from his jaws.
From The Wandering Inn and Liscor’s walls came spells. Grimalkin grimly blasted pockets of spiders with his spells. So did Montressa and Palt; others shot arrows, like Bird. But it was all from afar.
Nalthaliarstrelous held the hill. He must have used potions; Mrsha twice saw-felt the [Druid] flagging, and then a surge of fury and vitality. He cut and tore across the spiders and they refused to stop attacking him.
Until…it ended. There was no signal. One moment the hill was boiling—the next, the Shield Spiders were fleeing. They fled over thousands of their dead, across the soil where buried, crushed spiders lay. A fraction of the army that had assailed him.
Mrsha tried to run, then. But Lyonette and Shassa both held her back. It was Grimalkin, along with Numbtongue and a few others who approached the hill.
Nalthaliarstrelous lay naked amid the destruction. His body was covered with blood, bites. He didn’t move as the party extricated him.
But he was alive.
 
—-
 
“It was just spiders. Saliss could do it. Or…Magus Grimalkin. At some point—spiders can’t hurt you. Keldrass could probably survive with the Heartflame Breastplate.”
The shaky opinion came from one of the guests. Later, in the inn, they analyzed it.
It was just spiders. They had been crawling all over one another to get to Nalthaliarstrelous. No wonder his spells had been so effective. The [Druid] had challenged them and he was an earth-specialist with Erin’s inn to back him up.
No wonder he’d won. Absolutely. Plus, the others had helped! [Siege Fireballs] had come from Magus Grimalkin. It was…was…
Olesm didn’t add to the appraisal of Nalthaliarstrelous’s abilities. He just sat there, trying to imagine a conventional army fighting that. Or even if the Shield Spiders had attacked Liscor’s walls.
“One. Two. Three. Four? No…three. Four if you give him that artifact.”
Maviola was counting. Olesm looked at her.
“Four what?”
She smiled at him. Then she pointed.
Xrn. Saliss. Eldavin. And then Grimalkin.
“Those are the ones who could do that. I’m not sure about Eldavin, but the other three—yes. Grimalkin might need the Heartflame Breastplate, though.”
