Interlude – Chocolate Alchemy
Page 4
“Hot as an oven? But not super hot. Let’s see what happens.”
Palt did just that. Erin walked off to say hi to Relc, who’d come in with his daughter on their weekly father-daughter get-togethers.
“Hi, Relc. What’s happening? Hi, Embria.”
“Miss Solstice.”
“Hey Erin. I just got paid, and I heard you have something to eat. Will it be done by tonight? Also—I got two new puzzles from the [Traders] so this week’s great. See? See?”
Relc was excitedly showing Erin a…lock. Well, it looked like a lock, but apparently you could take it apart and put it back together without picking the lock. As she fiddled with it and Relc gave her hints, Embria turned to her father.
“The 4th is getting restless, you know. We haven’t gotten word we’re going back to the rest of the army. We might stay here on semi-permanent duty.”
Her face said she was torn on the issue. Relc paused as he reached for his drink of blue fruit juice.
“Hey, if that’s what High Command says, the [Captains] and [Lieutenants] can tell the regular idiots to shut up. No use yanking your tail. And—well, you’re not fighting, but this is Liscor. Another group of Raskghar emerge, or the Crelers—they saw action.”
His words were unusually careful. The [Innkeeper] glanced up as Embria nodded. Her shoulders firmed.
“Right, right. Obviously. Those idiots are complaining when we nearly went up against an Adult Creler.”
“Not to mention the dungeon. Heck, I bet the Council will start ordering your company to kill threats, like extra Rock Crabs or something.”
“You think so?”
Relc shrugged as Erin blew on the lock and shook it.
“That’s right. I mean, maybe if you offer? Back when I was in 4th, we sometimes did that when we were on guard duty. Slay a monster here and there. But our [Wing Commander], old Splinterscale, had to offer.”
“Right. Well, the Council hasn’t offered, but maybe they haven’t considered it. Only a matter of time.”
Wing Commander Embria’s eyes flickered. She nodded at her father. And Erin gave Relc an approving look. She turned back to the lock. What was this new, helpful Relc? It was almost like he was listening to her advice when he sometimes came in to chat about issues, Embria being one of them.
“Hey, Relc. How do you solve this thing? Give me a first step.”
“Maybe there’s something on the lock you can use, Erin. Like…a long pointy thing?”
Erin had just figured out there was a camouflaged pin in the lock and was trying to get it out when Palt called her back. She waved at Relc and Embria, and trotted over.
“I think we’re nearly done. Take a sniff.”
The Centaur waved at the beans. Erin leaned forwards.
“Ooh!”
They had begun to smell nice. And as Palt carefully picked out a bean and offered it to her with a warning that it was hot, Erin inhaled something like…chocolate. Then she saw one of the beans jump a bit.
“Oh! They’re beginning to crack! Lasica said that’s nearly done!”
Excitedly, Erin waved at Lyonette. The [Princess] came over and sniffed approvingly. She checked the list—and Erin groaned again at the look at her face.
“What now?”
“Remember those [Millers] that Lasica introduced us to? I’ll have them winnow the beans now. The husks are apparently good for something, but the inside—the ‘nibs’ are what we want.”
“Aw!”
Erin glared. Lyonette calmly helped Palt push the beans back into a sack. Then she called for Ishkr.
“They’ll probably be done within an hour or two. They have a Skill. But we’ll process the nibs ourselves since that’s apparently when you add sugar. Or nali-sticks.”
“Ooh! I saw some in the garden! You do that! I’ll find them!”
