Interlude – Chocolate Alchemy
Page 21
“Bear in mind it’s not that expensive for me, Miss Erin. And I just gave you the ring to bother old Chaldion and Grimalkin. Chocolate for the potions. You don’t owe me. Yet. But I hope you’ll look kindly on an impoverished [Alchemist]—wait, I’m rich. Well, I hope you keep entertaining me and giving me the occasional nice thing.”
He winked at Erin. And the [Innkeeper] nodded.
“I uh—no. No, you really did—thank you. I’m…no, thanks. There’s just this thing with the flowers and—I’m sorry. But also, thank you.”
She looked…embarrassed. Which was a new look for her. Octavia stared as Erin backed away, turning red. And Saliss just laughed.
“It’s fine! Uh oh, she’s running.”
He turned back to Octavia, as if vanquishing Erin Solstice was nothing in particular. She stared at him. And the Drake leaned against her wall.
“It’s a heck of an inn, isn’t it? I knew that the instant I saw Erin Solstice.”
“It is.”
Octavia was certain of that. The Drake nodded.
“A magical garden. The door. A white Gnoll, oh, a few more interesting things here and there…and she wonders why I take an interest. Well, I like it. And she also has stuff that really interests me. Why shouldn’t I appear?”
He looked at Octavia, but the soliloquy had been meant for more than just her, she felt. Then he nodded, slowly. And his eyes were sharp on the Stitch-Girl’s face.
“Let me give you some advice, Octavia. There’s no real secret to success I figured out. I experiment, blow stuff up, nearly die, and count my gold pieces like every other [Alchemist]. But the key to alchemy is new ingredients. Rare things. And when you find something rare? Something unique? You go after it.”
He paused. Octavia’s heart was beating fast as Saliss looked around Octavia’s room. He smiled again.
“Xif came here. I know he did. But that old Gnoll made one mistake. He thought Erin only had one special thing. And he’s hung around Drakes too long. He’s a bit greedy; looks at cost and gains. He’s better at being a Drake than I am. Well—so are most people. Your [Princess], for one.”
He smiled and winked. Octavia was nodding, then she paused.
“My what?”
Saliss paused. His calm smile flickered, and then reappeared.
“[Princess]? You know, your…slightly stuck up Human who loves gold and bossing people about? Sorry, Drake joke about Humans.”
He laughed, lightly, and Octavia laughed too, embarrassed.
“Oh, right. Sorry. I’m from Chandrar; we have royalty too.”
“Right, right.”
The Drake relaxed slightly as Octavia nodded, her expression clearing. He sighed, and then fixed Octavia with a sudden, quick look.
“Tell you what, Miss Octavia. I have a recipe for an invisibility potion, which always sells. It eats ruby dust like nothing else, but I see you have access to gemstones. And I’ve got other gem-based recipes. I’ll share my notes if you match it. Deal?”
Octavia’s eyes went wide. Saliss went on, looking at her.
“I like to gamble. And I just bet Xif played his paw far too early. If Erin’s got a flower and a flame, what do you have, Miss Cotton?”
She hesitated. And she thought of becoming famous alone. But—what she hadn’t offered or shown to Xif was different. Saliss was different. He could be faking. But if he was, Octavia would pull out her life-thread herself.
Slowly, Octavia went over to a spot under her bed, where she’d hidden her most precious objects. She cleared away some magicore, gemstones, gold, and came out with a little jar with a tiny bit of liquid in it. It sloshed around as she held it up and turned to face Saliss.
