Interlude – Two Rats
Page 19
And there was nothing Zevara could say to that. She moved back. She knew she had to return. To tell Krshia—something.
“I’ll check back on you. And I’m doubling the guard on the prison in case Lism stirs up trouble. No—when he does.”
“Very well.”
The Minotaur watched as Zevara strode away. Then hurry back. He looked expectantly at her. Zevara snapped.
“What kind of Skills does a [Prisoner] get? It had better not be lock picking Skills or…”
“Nothing like that. The first Skill I gained was called [Peaceful Rest]. It helps with the stone floor. And then [Efficient Metabolism].”
“What in the name of the Ancestors is a metabolism?”
“I don’t know. But I get hungry less.”
“Huh.”
Zevara considered it. Then she stalked off. Calruz watched her go. He whispered.
“And then I gained [Recall Guilt]. And I remembered half. But the rest was a dream. So maybe you are right. But half of it is enough. Too heavy by far.”
He leaned on the cell’s wall. And Watch Captain Zevara did not hear the last. She strode out of the prison, snapping at the [Guards] on duty.
“Keep an eye on the cells.”
“Yes, Watch Captain.”
They watched her go. And if their eyes lingered on her back and tail, she didn’t notice. The Drake left the prison, hurrying back down the streets. She didn’t notice the other Gnolls and two Drakes filing into the prison after she’d left. And they were so busy keeping an eye on her, they never noticed the little Gnoll creeping after her.
 
—-
 
“Hey. What was she doing in there?”
“Same as always. Talking with him.”
“About what?”
“I didn’t listen. Look, you want to do this, I’m staying out.”
It was six. Five Gnolls, one Drake. Tkrn among them. He stood as they conferred with the four [Guards] on duty. Mrsha watched Tkrn shift as the Gnoll with the stripe conferred with the [Guards].
One of them folded his arms. He was a Drake and looked…uncomfortable. Mrsha didn’t know what they were discussing, but of the four [Guards] on duty, two were ‘in’, one wasn’t, and the last, another Gnoll, was undecided. She looked from the Gnolls to the Drake and her expression firmed.
“I’m in too. Tkrn?”
“I don’t know. If Watch Captain Zevara finds out, it’ll be our tails—”
Tkrn fidgeted nervously. Mrsha could smell his anxiety. Her paws held her rats as they squirmed in her belt pouch. She could smell the prison. It stank. But she could also smell him in there. And she hated and feared that smell.
Hate was all she smelled from the Gnoll with the stripe. Hate and fury. It reeked from all of them. Mrsha wanted to scrub her nose. But she held still, listening. The Gnoll with the stripe was glaring at Tkrn and the Drake who wasn’t ‘in’.
“If she finds out, it’s because one of us let on. You don’t like it? You keep watch. Or leave. Take a walk; we can cover for you. Lassil. Are you going to turn on us?”
He stared at the Drake. He glared back.
“No. But I’m not sticking around for this either. Nothing’s coming from me. But I don’t want to hear anything.”
He stalked out of the prison. The others watched him go silently. The Gnoll with the stripe nodded. He pointed at Tkrn.
“You staying or leaving?”
“I—”
“Then keep watch. You smell Zevara coming or anyone else, signal us! Now move; we don’t have all day before the Watch Captain checks on us. Or one of the Senior Guardsmen. Especially Klbkch.”
