Interlude – Rufel
Page 6
“That’s right! Bone traps in the skeletons? Just buy them armor! That’s what scares even Gold-rank adventurers. Not Draug, but Draug with plate mail. I realize that’s not a [Necromancer]’s solution because it means spending money, but it’d work. Crossbows—do you know how much more dangerous Skeleton Archers are compared to Skeleton Warriors?”
Pisces frowned.
“I take your point. But what if I built a crossbow into the skeletons—”
“You’re so cheap! Is that a requirement for the [Necromancer] class?”
The young man shook his head indignantly, but his eyes had lit up with interest.
“It’s just innovating with material instead of having to spend money on a finite resource—see here, Selys. I do believe you are onto something. If I sacrificed an arm, for instance, or modified my ribcage design to create a propulsion system and used a bone arrow…”
“How? They don’t have sinews. Crossbows need bowstrings and uh, bending parts. Right?”
“Well, yes. But I could create a projectile weapon—”
“Amazing. Five minutes of talking with me and you have a better idea then you came up in what, four weeks of work?”
“One week, and I will have you know that I have been diligently experimenting in other areas. The spike trap was simply one hypothetical—”
“Like what? Don’t be vague or I won’t believe a thing you say. Do you know how many adventurers I have to deal with who talk just like that?”
Pisces turned beet red. Selys stared at him. He took a huge gulp of his drink and snapped.
“Regenerating bone warriors with the ability to jump and run—”
“So essentially, faster skeleton warriors? Fancy.”
Rufelt had to turn his head and laugh. Selys did, out loud. She patted Pisces on the shoulder.
“Hey, I’m kidding. Stop pouting! See, that’s practical. Do you know how scary running zombies are to Bronze-rank adventurers? How does that happen, by the way? I thought a [Necromancer] had to be present for that to happen, but you hear stories…”
The [Necromancer] sighed as he adjusted his robes. He looked up, and nodded. For all his posturing, he was clearly interested in his subject. Even if it was undead.
“Running zombies? Ah, yes. That would occur in a charged zone. High levels of ambient mana tend to augment the undead and create more dangerous varieties. However, a zombie is still fundamentally weak compared to say, a Ghoul. If Bronze-rank adventurers are so afraid, they could simply set up a rope at ankle-height and stymie most zombies that way, running or not.”
Selys blinked, impressed. She snapped her claws and looked around for some parchment to scribble on.
“Hey, that’s a good idea. Do you have any tips for fighting Ghouls? Because there are some in the dungeon and they’re nightmares for lower-level Silver-rank teams to deal with…”
The two stood up and wandered over to a table with the other Horns of Hammerad, still talking. Rufelt watched them go. Undead? That was definitely Erin’s inn. He got back to serving drinks. The inn was gaining in customers now, and he reckoned he’d been at his job for an hour and a half.
The sun was reversing its climb in the sky when a small, white shape wound her way through the crowd. She peered up at Rufelt’s bar as he paused. Of course, he’d heard about yesterday. He blinked down at Mrsha as she stared up at the drinks on display. She climbed onto the stool and looked expectantly up at Rufelt.
