Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 5
“It is a copper for good customers, Miss Biscale. Thank you.”
She gave him such a…strange look. A familiar look. Garry felt like he looked at Erin the same way.
“Thank you very much, Chef Garry. I will bring you some recipes tomorrow. I’ll write them down.”
He beamed.
“That would be most welcome, Miss Biscale. I will see you tomorrow. Have a good day.”
She had no family, but he hoped that would be a lot of food, and she did have friends. That duck might be part of a potluck.
Drassi was exclaiming over the keep as Garry handed a young girl a box of meatballs—big ones for eating while you worked.
“Does your family have that mining job now?”
“Yep. They’re all making the new district. We can pay you more, Father said. There are lots of Silverfangs in the city, and they say we’re a tribe now, Mister Garry.”
“Well, I would prefer to be paid the same because it is easy to count. Why don’t you take one of my experimental candy-sticks? See? It is strawberry flavored, and there is an acid fly inside. Miss Imani and I have been making them.”
“Ew! Okay, I’ll take them. Do I tell you how it tasted?”
“Yes, please. There is no need to pay for them. They are experimental.”
Four red, slightly gelatinous lollipops went with the meatballs for breakfast. That was received…less well by some of Garry’s patrons.
Mind you, they ate it. When he’d first run Garry’s Antinium Edibles, the Worker had been very surprised to see people buying his food even with bugs.
Given his prices, it had made sense. But Garry, as a new stall owner, hadn’t realized why until a month later. Then he’d begun offering his specials and taking the bugs out of them.
It occurred to Garry, as he watched Drassi navigate the [Garden of Sanctuary], that he didn’t visit as much as he should. He had been far too sad when Erin was dead, but he and she hadn’t had a lot of time to cook together.
Why, she might not know how successful Garry was. He believed he sometimes, on a good day, broke even with his shop. Which was far better than the gold it tended to bleed week-to-week.
The Free Queen didn’t care. Neither did Garry. He leveled up, which the Free Queen told him was infinitely better than the gold that the Free Antinium had little use for. Moreover—Garry thought that his food was feeding a lot of people for very little.
And this…this was a good thing. Because Hisnis, without Garry’s food, might have to spend a lot of the money he managed to make—or steal, as when Garry had first met him—on worse food.
It was a strange thing. Garry had never set out to do this, but he knew most of the customers who came for his special deals at one copper each, and he listened to them and sometimes gave them more food.
He could not help them with their large troubles. Which concerned Garry greatly, like how Miss Biscale had been about to be evicted due to the soaring rent prices until the rent had been cut by the Council. Or how Comrei, the Gnoll girl, had been worried about her family’s situation, and Hisnis being arrested by the Watch for theft.
All he could do was give them food. Which he did. And sometimes food made it so you didn’t have to worry about coins. A fresh pie—without bugs—made a [Landlord] forgo the rent for a month. Or make a [Guardswoman] more inclined to let Hisnis off with a warning.
That was Garry’s Antinium Edibles, and it had a very select customer base. It did business with the occasional passerby who was often dared to eat something he made, but those who had his food were often surprised by the lack of bugs and quality on display.
