Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 48
It had been that Skill that Sokkel died to. Did it kill something more than his life? Lulv feared it. And he was sure that the other [Soldiers] feared it, too.
“Second, we have underestimated Liscor’s ability to work with the Antinium. They are not merely tolerant of the Antinium or see them as an asset. They are actively supporting and fighting alongside Workers and Soldiers. As…fellow [Soldiers].”
Manus’ forces stirred, but no one voiced any dissent as Lulv went on.
“Which brings me to my last point. Before thoughts about debilitating Liscor’s command or taking drastic measures against the city…I, Spearmaster Lulv, believe it is more beneficial to attempt to subvert the loyalty of the Free Hive. To study and learn what the Antinium are doing concretely. If necessary, to make radical steps to ensure that the Free Antinium do not join the rest of the Hives in a possible Third Antinium War. I suggest Manus employ every diplomatic angle we can.”
Dead silence. Everyone listened as Lulv went on, as if he stood in front of the Dragonspeaker. When he did—he would say the exact same thing.
“Failing that, my only other recourse is to ask if there is a…secret failsafe. Something beyond even the Security Council’s knowledge. A hidden Tier 8 spell. If we have one, I suggest we use it. If we do not, we must reconsider everything about the Antinium. Because I will swear on my class—the Antinium are either capable of this as a species, or their class enables it. I thought I could kill them all, but their greatest asset is not their new classes, abilities, or potential alone. In battle, they were counter-leveling without needing to sleep. If we learn how to do the same, Manus will benefit to no end. Otherwise? I mark the Free Antinium as the greatest threat in any Hive, including the Grand Queen’s.”
Spearmaster Lulv stopped. He looked around and waited.
“Thoughts? Objections?”
No one had any. So he lowered his spear, saluted the other [Soldiers], and went to make his report.
 
 
 
 
Olesm, [Strategist]-[Commander]
 
[Conditions Met: Strategist → Eleleu Strategos Class!]
[Class Consolidation: Commander removed.]
[Eleleu Strategos Level 35!]
 
[Skill – War Cry: Eleleu obtained!]
[Skill – Battlefield: Galuc’s Tunnel obtained!]
[Skill – Army: Charred Spellcasting obtained!]
[Spell – Army: [Firebolt] obtained!]
 
Olesm woke up, listened to his Skills, and then rolled out of bed. He wrote a response back to the Council, who wanted all kinds of confirmations after his late report. Then Olesm went to brush his teeth, comb his neck spines, have a cup of ‘coffee’ from Liscor, and remembered.
“Damn. Gelatin. Maybe we can get some.”
And the war continued.
Oh, not in the same way. Manus was gone. Olesm had double and triple-checked, and he would keep his guard up, but he thought they were actually gone.
They’d seen a real defeat. After hitting Liscor for three months, Liscor had been able to hit back. If Olesm had needed to, he would have called in Belgrade and really hammered them. But the [Crusaders] were enough.
Yet the war wasn’t over.
The Alliance was gone. They’d retreated practically back to their cities. Now, Lism informed Olesm, they were negotiating for a cease-fire. Olesm wrote back, repeating his words in his bleary state so he was sure he had them all down.
