Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 5
Were they going to fight too? He felt a sinking feeling, but surely if so, they wouldn’t have announced themselves? And this Captain Voita and her squad were staring at the Antinium in a kind of horrified fascination…but fascination as opposed to simple horror.
Many Drakes would attack or flee. Olesm thought quickly.
“Artur, go find Wing Commander Embria if she’s near our camp. Tell her to report at once. Greetings, Captain Voita. I apologize. You’ve caught me at a poor time. We just finished a battle, and I’m—scatterbrained.”
“Ah, that mess back with all the flashin’ lights? We saw it from afar. Put our tails over our heads, so it did. Not that it wasn’t encouraging. Sent the Drishy-Luly-Heckies packing, did you? That’s the Commander Olesm I came here to see! And your Liscorian army looks sharp as Metal Dragonbreath! I hope you and I can talk. Greetings from Yolden! The Township Councils all send their regards, and I’m acting as representative.”
Olesm knew Drassi. He had experienced a wall of words hitting his head, and he had learned how to wade through a chatterbox’s offensive wave of dialogue. However, everything Voita said made his mind wrestle for a bit.
Voita’s helmet revealed her face; it was oddly lax in a face-guard, but heavily armored upwards. Not even a chin-guard…and she knew him.
“You have me at a disadvantage, Captain Voita. I’m afraid I don’t know Yolden’s…Township? But your squad is welcome into Liscor’s camp. You’re welcome to keep mounted, but we can see to it you get some feed for your horses or a break if you’re staying longer.”
“Oh! Don’t mind if we do!”
What looked like Voita’s second in command instantly dismounted, and the entire squad was on their feet and stretching before Olesm could blink.
“Got any good feed? Captain, where do we park?”
“Wherever the Commander wants you! I was hoping we could talk privately. Some of it’s command-level talk, sir.”
“Er—”
Olesm looked around, and every officer in range tried to duck. His claw found a [Tactician].
“Merraw, feed, food, and maybe room around one of the fires for the Yoldenites. I will see Captain Voita in my tent. Send up some refreshments. Captain Voita, would you like to follow one of my [Soldiers] there? I apologize. I will be with you in five, ten minutes at most.”
She nodded understandingly.
“That’s very kind of you, Commander Olesm. Don’t mind if I do. My girls and boys won’t be any trouble or I’ll make ‘em go back home without their helmets!”
She laughed as if that were a real threat and followed a Gnoll up the hill. Olesm rubbed at his head.
This was going to be weird.
 
——
 
Wing Commander Embria didn’t keep a superior officer waiting. She galloped back, and, to Olesm’s surprise, he saw Artur riding a horse after her.
“I got your message, Commander. What’s this about another city?”
She looked vaguely worried. Olesm gestured at the squad of Yoldenites talking with some [Soldiers] from Liscor all dining on some rations.
“We have…an officer from Yolden who wants to meet me. I thought you might know who they were. What am I dealing with?”
Embria frowned.
“A who from where?”
She knew most cities in this region, having campaigned across Izril. Olesm repeated the city.
“Yolden. You don’t know about them?”
“I don’t know…every city. Yolden. Yolden…Wikir! Vell! Get over here! On the double!”
