Interlude – Talia
Page 8
“Aside from the adventurers? They’ve pushed back the worst of it and all the outlying villages and such are either barricaded up or empty. Them Ogres only attacked outlying areas. They’re close to Ulta lands. I reckon if they get closer to Invrisil, Lady Reinhart’ll up the bounty or have them all assassinated.”
“But no one is pursing the monsters?”
Ser Eldein looked shocked. Belic gave him a sideways glance.
“They’ll get got soon. Or get lost.”
“But they should be hunted down at once! Ser Lorell, if this was Terandria, a dozen knighthood orders would be dispatching their own to deal with these monsters at once!”
“Izril is different, Ser Eldein. The local nobility protect their lands. And adventurers take on the duties of [Knights]. Which means their safety is weighed against the coin they earn.”
Dame Chise frowned disapprovingly. Belic gave her an odd look.
“It works well enough, Miss Knight. Aside from idiots on the road and the first victims, not many folk are dying. It’s locking down some parts, but a Gold-rank team will finish the job.”
“Or perhaps we will.”
Talia murmured. She looked up and met Ser Lorell’s eyes. He hesitated.
“We have instructions to return to the headquarters, Dame Talia.”
“Surely the Order of Seasons does not ignore monsters wherever they may be!”
Ser Eldein protested. Ser Lorell frowned.
“We do not. But we are ill-equipped for a battle with an entire clan, Ser Eldein. We wear steel; due to the ritual, we were only able to bring…”
He eyed Belic. The [Shoemaker] helpfully shrugged.
“The Gold-ranks seem to be doing a good job. If you want to find the Ogres, anyone’d be able to tell you where the dangerous spots are. Myself, I’m going far away. Good to see you [Knights]. Means the road’s probably clear. Good day to you!”
The Order of Seasons watched him ride off. Then they congregated, arguing fiercely.
“A delay to hunt monsters is almost foolhardy, Dame Talia—”
“If but a single innocent dies, Ser Lorell? Is it not our duty to at least inquire if they’re being hunted?”
He exhaled, but couldn’t argue with that. Lorell turned to Talia’s left.
“Dame Chise, your thoughts?”
“We could alter our path. Let us ask if these Ogres are still a threat at large. If they are, we bear towards them. If not, we continue. Either way, we still lose little more than a few days.”
Lorell nodded. So it was agreed. The [Knights] began riding faster. The next traveller they came across didn’t know about where the Ogres were, but he could point them towards Ulta lands.
“Ulta. Some noble [Lady] rules them?”
Talia frowned. Ser Eldein nodded.
“They’re but a day’s ride away. We could reach the outermost edge and inquire further.”
“We shall, then. Dame Chise, will you aid our speed?”
“Certainly. [First to Battle]!”
The [Summer Knight] raised her morning star. And the company of [Knights] accelerated down the road. They might have been slow on their return home, but with a purpose in mind, they moved faster. It was just a rumor for now; the Ogres might have been dealt with. But Talia rode at the head of the company next to Eldein, urging her horse to move faster.
Even if there was a chance, the Order of Seasons would investigate. If they could save a life by effort, none would be spared.
That was what it meant to be a [Knight].
 
—-
 
