Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 30
The Lamia’s scales were larger than a Drake’s, but he possessed two human-like arms; and a more bipedal upper body. Unlike a Naga, who was larger, stronger, or a Gorgon who was even more imposing still, the Lamia’s body was agile. A form suited for intelligence, spellcasting.
His gaze was certainly quick, and the Lamia seemed to be appraising each member of the Council in turn. His eyes flicked to Olesm as the Drake stared at him, but he nodded politely to the table.
“Excuse me. I’m the [Architect]. Hexel Quithail, at your service.”
He bowed slightly, his body undulating with the graceful motion. Lism’s eyes widened and Krshia stood up.
“Master Quithail. We apologize, yes? We had no idea you were here. I am Krshia Silverfang.”
The Lamia beamed. He had a scar on one cheek, Olesm saw. And his reptilian eyes were bright. Olesm saw a trio of nervous Lizardfolk hurrying over behind him. Carrying a number of bags along with their personal bags of holding. They huddled together behind their master as Hexel gestured towards them.
“Not at all. Not at all. Miss Silverfang of the Council of Liscor, I presume? I apologize for the delay; I landed at Zeres, but I had to sail north and disembark in Human lands. Lady Reinhart kindly escorted me to Invrisil and assured me I’d have transport.”
He gestured at the door, smiling widely as he shook Krshia’s paw.
“How incredible. Is this magical door property of Liscor? Or the inn? Ah, but the events of today were also quite dramatic. Antinium under the city? I have my work cut out for me, clearly. I would deeply love to see the maps of their tunnels—I can rework the city in some ways to avoid deliberate sabotage. But again, that will require some redesign. But I do apologize, I’m talking too much.”
He had that chatty way of most Lizardfolk about him. The Council blinked, but then Elirr rose and offered his paw.
“I am Elirr Fultpar. It is an honor to meet you, Master Quithail.”
“Hexel, please. We’ll be working together.”
The Lamia beamed at Elirr. Alonna rose.
“I am Guildmistress Alonna of the Mage’s Guild. Hello.”
Hexel turned to her. He smiled.
“Charmed.”
He did not take her claw. Lism looked at Hexel with obvious distaste.
“It’s good to meet you…Mister Hexel. Our [Builders] have been working according to your designs. But this latest incident has…changed things. This isn’t an official meeting of the Council, but we welcome your input. Please. Sit.”
He nodded a few times, still looking warily at Hexel. And the Lamia smiled. With his teeth.
“Thank you. Councilmember Lism, I presume? I was delighted to be offered the job to build a city like Liscor especially given the weather conditions when I received it. However—before I sit, and indeed, begin my work, may I have a few words on the matter of…security?”
“Security?”
The Councilmembers blinked. Hexel smiled and gestured to his crew of three Lizardpeople. They stared at the Drakes. And Olesm saw Hexel’s eyes flicker to him, Lism, Alonna.
“Indeed. I’d heard Drakes didn’t like Lizardpeople, but I wasn’t aware of how badly that truism ran. Did I mention I first disembarked at Zeres? Well, I was heading north to Liscor. As it happens, Drakes slaughtered half of my [Assistants] and gave me this scar.”
He touched the scar running down his face. The table fell quiet. Lism’s jaw opened and stayed open. The Lamia went on. And his smile widened.
