Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 28
In the street, a Goblin turned. With one hand, he swung the iron sword in an arc. He brought it down and the hand stabbing towards his back fell on the ground. The Human holding it stared at his stump. Then he clutched at his arm and screamed.
In a dream, Numbtongue stared with interest at the Human. He looked at the sword, impressed. That was a good cut. As good as any Shorthilt could have made. He didn’t know how to do that.
And yet—he did. The Hobgoblin turned, and both of his claws grasped the sword’s hilt. He took a stance. A proper one, not like the self-taught [Warrior]’s fighting style he’d learned as a Redfang. The [Warrior] with the dagger backed up too slow. The Hob slashed his chest, leapt back, twisted, and cut. A second Human lost her hand, this time at the elbow.
The street—slowed. The gang of Humans backed up. Yellow Splatters, shielding his face, bleeding from a dozen injuries as Octavia tried to heal him, saw a Goblin turn. Numbtongue’s face was dreamy. But his sword swung in patterns and arcs, measured, warding his back and sides. And fingers flew. Hands cut down to the bone. Iron sheared through arm. Until the Humans were running.
Numbtongue cast aside the ruined iron blade. The edge was deformed from the last sword strike. A final Human charged him, not realizing her friends were running. She had blood in her eyes—literally. But his memories, both his and Pyrite’s, told him she was a high-level [Fighter]. Her brass knuckles had spikes on them—she’d gotten the [Enforcer]. The Hobgoblin looked down at his torn left arm, exposing sinew. And him.
The [Bard] might have hesitated, grabbed at the sword. But part of him said look. Numbtongue looked. He saw the woman’s muscles moving along her arm, and saw where she’d punch. Numbtongue stepped back, and the tips of the knuckles struck the side of his face. Then he stepped in.
His punch went through the gap in the woman’s guard. She stumbled back and Numbtongue followed it with a left hook. Stumbling, the woman retreated. He advanced, swinging, kicking.
Don’t give her a second! Left hook, kick, elbow, punch, head butt, kick to the chest, punch, punch, punch—he swung a fist and missed. The Human was lying on the ground, her eyes rolled up in her head.
“Dead gods.”
Someone breathed it behind him. Numbtongue turned. The street was filled with bodies. The [Ruffian] dropped his shiv as Numbtongue looked at him. The Hobgoblin’s eyes burned. The man screamed and ran. Numbtongue caught him halfway across the streets.
“Let me go! Let me go!”
The man was screaming, calling at his friends. Numbtongue turned the man to face him. The man grabbed at his side for something—he stopped when Numbtongue made a fist.
“Who sent them?”
He pointed down the street. The last of the gang was running as the [Enforcer] drank a potion. The [Ruffian]’s eyes were wide, the unkempt man’s face was white.
“You can speak?”
Numbtongue shook the man so hard his bones rattled. The Hobgoblin spoke again, impatiently.
“Who. Sent. You?”
“A-Alchemist Quelm! He sent us! He hired us! Go after him!”
“No.”
The [Ruffian] blinked, uncertain. Numbtongue made a fist.
“Tell him if he tries again, we will hurt him. That is a Goblin threat. Understand? See this?”
He waved the fist under the [Ruffian]’s nose. The man was nodding, relieved.
“I’ll tell him. I’ll t—”
Numbtongue aimed at the man’s jaw. He punched the man in the teeth and felt them cut into his fist—and felt six of them break. He shook out his clawed hand, grimacing. Then he picked up the man screaming into what remained of his teeth.
