Interlude – Chocolate Gold
Page 6
“Mm. Not too expensive. I have a three-to-one ratio of time in my average spaces. Eight-to-one in my special projects. I will give you the eight-to-one for gold, the others for silver.”
“Silver works for us. Now, it should take two to ten days regularly. So if you could let us know—”
“What am I looking for?”
The Gnoll listened as Lasica told him what the process should look like. Erin and Lyonette exchanged glances as she shook hands. Erin paid for the berth and the Gnoll let them see themselves out. Lasica had also bought eight jars of fish sauce. And she seemed contented by the entire affair.
“Before we leave, I’ll help you find some [Millers], or someone in the city willing to shell your cacao seeds. Assuming it isn’t insanely tricky, they should be able to do the lot for silver.”
“What?”
Erin and Lyonette looked at Lasica. The [Princess] was approving, but Erin was confused.
“Pay someone else?”
“Of course. You don’t have to do it yourself, Erin. You can get good, reliable results. Mister—well, he never told me his name—Mister Sauce is a good example of that. I mean, you can brew your own alcohol, or make your own pickles, but why would you when you can hire a specialist?”
Erin opened and closed her mouth. She looked back into the shop; the Gnoll was carefully clearing a berth.
“But you don’t even know his name! What’s he like? Why does he make fish sauce and paste all the time? What’s a [Fermenter]?”
The Drake [Chef] gave Erin a strange look.
“Erin, I don’t have to know his life story to hire him. It’s a business deal. He probably prefers being left alone; I can’t imagine many Gnolls could stand the smell.”
“But…”
And that was when Erin realized this was Lasica, and Erin was Erin. And because Erin was Erin…
The Gnoll [Fermenter] in the shop was humming to himself as he checked his pots and different containers where the usually very salty liquids or substances were, well, fermenting at speed. His was a substantially more cleanly and upscale operation than Holdnose’s, but the two would have respected each other as fellow members of the craft.
The Gnoll, whose name was Ushel, turned back to his counter. He really had a good job, in his estimation. He just had to take care of his pots, move around substances, make sure nothing was eaten—and it was a rare rat or bug who immediately went for the salty substances—and then he had a lot of time off.
He jumped as he saw a young woman peeking around the door to his inner laboratory. Erin waved.
“Hi. I’m Erin. Erin Solstice. What’s your name?”
 
—-
 
Across the city, Selys Shivertail opened the door to her new home. And Mrsha stared.
This was a bigger place than Selys’ small, almost cramped apartment had been. Selys had moved up in the world! Which meant she’d geographically actually moved down; she’d lived on the third floor of her old apartment.
But this new place was nice. And Selys had already begun buying everything she could want. Which was a sofa for lounging on, charms like the cooling charm that kept out the summer’s heat, clothing, snacks—
All of this was strewn about the apartment, by the way. Selys had many talents, and she was a good [Receptionist], but her clutter had built up faster than she could sort it. The Drake was a bit embarrassed and somewhat glad Erin and Lyonette hadn’t seen. She began tossing things into drawers and cupboards as Mrsha roamed around.
