Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 35
The Earl drummed his fingers on the table.
“If your friend has kept his secret, I doubt they will do anything at this point if he does nothing untoward. I can insist, and arrange communications. Kiish, put pressure on them through one of our [Diplomats].”
“I have sent word to the palace. Her Majesty would like a word, and Master Erimith will attend to the matter himself. But he is ah, being summoned.”
“Ah. He’s in his seventies. Old. Probably napping.”
The Earl nodded to Erin. He was so—decisive. It was like…Lyonette? Or maybe herself. Terandria wasn’t Erin’s area of expertise. It was Altestiel’s. He knew ransoms and…politics. So he was helping solve her problems.
The thing was? Erin was super-grateful. There were just two things and she’d finished with one.
The first was trying to figure out if the Earl was doing this to butter her up. But as far as she could tell, he was genuinely trying to help, courtship aside. And he seemed to like her without pretense.
She felt like she would be able to tell. That was her job. She was in her inn. She had the measure of Altestiel. And he was…cool.
And second? She didn’t feel like it was resolved.
It was too neat. Rabbiteater got freed? Ransom paid, he was on his way, doing whatever he was with strange [Knights] abroad. Hurrah!
But…she wanted to talk to him. More than play Go—she made another mistake and Altestiel capitalized on it. Unlike her imagination, he actually liked this game, possibly more than chess! And he was pressing her hard in her preoccupied state.
Caution: Imagination might not match reality.
“We’ll organize it and have a result within the hour, Erin. I hope this is helpful, not intrusive.”
And there it was. The day crystallized like this, as Erin reached for a piece. She looked up. And met Altestiel’s gaze.
Layers. First layer? He had to know she was grateful for his help. Perhaps it was calculated. She thought it was genuine.
Second layer. He liked her because of her deeds. Because of her level. He was dreadfully smart.
Third layer? She thought he did have affection for her. Frightening as it was to think that. Because…they had similar interests. Because he was a kid who liked to dance in the rain as much as he was an Earl.
None of the parts disqualified the whole. On the whole? Erin liked Earl Altestiel a lot. She thought she would in any circumstance, even if he had not come to Invrisil when he did. Even if she had not had his help in the siege. She could even see how they fit together, for all their differences.
So she took a breath. A long, painful breath. Then another for good measure. Then she remembered to exhale.
Altestiel looked at her oddly. But they were sitting together, in a small area of space; both auras keeping the others back. Erin felt it was unconscious on their parts. A desire for space. Perhaps because she’d known this moment was coming.
She placed a piece. Altestiel reached for his black stone.
“Love is a weird thing, Altestiel, huh?”
His fingers slipped on the stone. The clatter was loud. The Earl caught himself.
“What was that, Erin?”
“Love. Liking someone romantically. Weird stuff, huh?”
“…Indeed?”
Sudden squall in the middle of a battle. Unexpected breeze. The [Knight Marshal] looked at Erin. She regarded his stone.
“You’ve been great today. I mean…courting and all. I just have a question. Because—helping Rabbiteater, all this stuff? Chess? Am I in love with you?”
Olesm was choking on his fries. The Earl’s fingers simply curled around the smooth, polished stone. He waited. Erin looked up at him, meeting his yellow eyes with her hazel ones.
