Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 51
“Well, damn. We’ll just have to find something else. Maybe raid a Wistram ship. If only the King of Destruction were closer—I’d love to see him face to face, just once. Now there’s a man who’s a legend, for all my sister hates his guts!”
She sighed. And her crew began to throw out options. The [Pirates] were laughing, merrily. Unconcerned.
Underwave, Captain Therrium scowled.
“Good riddance.”
He had no intention of allowing a happy adventure. But Rasea was mad. Even the Undersea Crews thought so.
But then—it happened. As the Illuminary began to turn, as Therrium waited for Wil to hopefully find a treasure. As Wil Kallinad wondered at his luck—someone pointed.
“Captain? I see a reef.”
All heads turned. Captain Lasc strode to the prow of the ship. So did Rasea. Suddenly—they went quiet.
“Could just be a detached one.”
Rasea called out to Lasc. The [Storm Captain] was staring down into the deeps.
They were in shallower waters. ‘Shallower’ meaning the sea was probably less than a thousand feet deep. But now—Wil saw something moving.
It looked…like a coral reef. He saw the waters, usually dark or obscured, light up. There was light from the reef, illuminated by the remnants of the sun. And light from the naturally luminescent plants as well.
And shoals of fish. They clustered around the reef, taking nourishment and protection from the plants. It was a magnificent sight—like the reefs around Pheislant, thousands of years old and alive.
But this one was moving. And suddenly—every [Sailor] was staring. All the [Pirates]. Even the Drowned Folk. They stared in the distance.
“I think it is. Dead gods. Crew! To attention!”
Rasea looked at Lasc. He nodded. Suddenly, they were of one mind. Every [Sailor] moved to the ships as they turned, to present broadsides. Staring.
“What? What’s so special about that reef?”
“Shh! Be respectful!”
Inky stood with the [Storm Sailors] she was staring down at the moving reef. It was…strange. The reef seemed to be moving—not just floating. Parts of it were…definitely…moving.
“I think we’re witnessing a grand sight. One that proves I was right. Ah. Adventure.”
Rasea’s eyes shone. Captain Lasc saluted.
“[Storm Sailors]! Salute!”
They copied his gesture. Some [Sailors] were even lowering their heads or kneeling. As above, so below. The Drowned Folk silently took a knee.
But why? The students were left out of the loop. Yerranola murmured. The waters were lighting up with the passing reef. It was vast. Nearly…two hundred feet high? Very vertical, too.
“It’s just a moving bit of coral. What’s so great about—”
Lasc’s head slowly turned. And the even-keeled [Storm Captain]’s eyes narrowed with actual anger.
“The next man, woman, or creature on this boat who utters a word of irreverence, I will sink by anchor to the depths of the sea. I swear on my honor as [Captain].”
He said it in a flat tone of voice. Yerranola’s mouth snapped shut. No one uttered a word.
Closer, the reef moved. Wil studied it, trying to figure out what had the seafolk so awed. There was something…strange about the reef.
“Inky. What are we looking at?”
Venaz spoke quietly. It was the [Storm Sailor] who replied.
“A Guardian of the Sea. Far greater than dolphins or Nelgaunts or any other force. They ruled your lands, once. But they were defeated. They’re terrible wrathful. But—”
She gulped. Overcome by some emotion. Delivan took over for her, his voice quiet.
“They left the land, nature’s guardians. Banished by civilization.”
