Interlude – Relationships
Page 0

As they drove away from Riverfarm, Erin was napping. A little witch curiously watched her face as Erin dropped off.
One moment, she was full of energy, talking about her [Garden of Sanctuary] and promising to show Nanette around—the next?
She quietly fell asleep. Or rather, began dozing. She began murmuring and nodding along to Ser Sest reading out Mrsha’s pithy comments. Then she was sleeping with one shoulder against the carriage door.
What surprised Nanette was that no one else was surprised. Lyonette whispered to her as Gothica fished around the carriage.
It was Mrsha, Ser Sest, Gothica, Lyonette, Erin, and Nanette. A good mix for a single carriage. The other carriage and riders rode ahead of them. It was a quiet ride, not that bumpy, back to Invrisil.
“She’s almost out of energy. I think she ran out of stamina potion again.”
“Stamina potion?”
Lyonette nodded. Then, and only then, did Nanette learn that Erin couldn’t walk. At least, not without magical help. She stood and did everything with potions.
“She uses it to keep up her energy if she’s been running about all day. It’s getting expensive. At least Octavia provides the potions, but she’ll run out of her healing…gel…at some point.”
Lyonette commentated as the Goblin and Gnoll put the blanket over Erin. Nanette was astonished.
“I didn’t know Miss Erin was still recovering. No one did. Well—”
Then she thought of the older [Witches]. Maybe they had, but they’d respected Erin’s privacy, at least there. And Laken? Had he known?
Erin slept as Lyonette smiled wanly at Nanette. She reached out and patted the girl’s knee.
“Erin’s recovery has been slow, but she’s back. I trust you know about that?”
“All of Riverfarm knew that His Majesty was trying to help someone. I…”
Nanette hesitated.
She had been lost in her own world as distant as Erin’s. She looked at Erin, and Lyonette’s smile looked old. She sat there as Mrsha glanced up, and then Nanette saw it.
They looked like people her mother had met who had survived natural disasters or monster attacks. Not [Soldiers], but veterans, survivors of something. And it did not make them wholly poorer. Sometimes, Califor said, an earthquake downed houses. It broke walls and burst dams and shifted mountains. Then it unearthed steel in some people’s souls.
The [Princess] looked at Nanette.
“We all went somewhere. I journeyed to Oteslia, and—I made quite a number of mistakes. But we did what we could. You’ll meet more people who went further and did far more than I to bring Erin back. Now, we’re seeing what the inn looks like. It hasn’t been that long since Erin woke back up, Nanette. I hope you’ll fit in. We are all finding our way, as you’ll see. Even if some pretend better than others.”
She had a strange way about her, Lyonette. Nanette knew she was a [Princess], but she was also a mother, despite being just eighteen. If anything, she reminded Nanette of someone twice her age at times. Shyly, the young witch nodded. She liked Lyonette already. She hoped she would like this inn.
Yet she was no silent Gnoll, and Lyonette seemed keenly aware that Nanette would not fit into the same spot that Mrsha had when she first came to the inn. Nanette proved this in the next moment. She nodded at Erin.
“I’m glad Miss Erin did leave Riverfarm as friends. I don’t think she and His Majesty—Emperor Godart—really liked each other that much.”
Lyonette blinked.
“No, they quite respected…”
