Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 63
Lulv grunted as the Soldier fell back, pinned. An [Archer] took aim and stopped as a [Pikeman] lifted a spear to run the Soldier through. Lulv kept watching it as it lay, dying. He watched as it looked up, raised its mandibles…
And tore the javelin out of the stone. The pike struck the armor and glanced off. The Soldier rose, beheaded his opponent, and Lulv’s eyes widened.
“Counter-levelling.”
The Soldier raised his sword and slashed. A brilliant arc of metal struck every [Soldier] in front of him, ten feet across.
Had it passed out? Lulv turned.
“Javelin!”
It flew into his paws, and he took aim again. Consolidation? It had to be. But—it was one class—a handful of levels—
Lulv threw.
“[Impact Spear]!”
The javelin flew down, with enough force to splinter plate mail. The Soldier turned. It raised a shield and blocked the javelin. The sound was like thunder. Lulv looked down and saw it raise a sword. He didn’t know what it said—but then he felt something on his fur. Lulv looked up.
“What—?”
The clouded skies overhead split. A beam of light shone down. The kneeling Worker, the Painted Antinium, the regular [Crusaders] gazed up.
The Alliance’s forces threw their claws up and shouted. It was blinding! Lulv himself shielded his gaze.
“Light tactics! Special Antinium! I’m going in!”
He hefted his spear, blinking spots from his eyes, and saw the Soldier on the battlefield. He was impossible to miss, now.
 
 
 
 
Crusader 51
 
Did his armor shine like it was some precious metal? Was it his Skill? Was he taller? 
He stood alone as the Painted Antinium and Soldiers and Workers began to fall back. No one had given the order, but they all heard…a voice. Even through their helmets.
Zimrah rose slowly, looking at him as the Antinium turned. He was still wounded. The new class had cured none of his wounds.
“Let me heal you! Please!”
Dekass dragged her back. He was staring at Crusader 51. How did they all know his name?
“Run. We must retreat. He will hold them off.”
Manus’ [Soldiers] surrounded him. The Antinium whirled his sword through a helmet. He was so strong. He punched with his shield and shattered a skull.
Their magical weapons rose. One [Soldier] darted around Crusader 51 and aimed a sword straight at his unguarded back. The tip of the claymore met his armor.
Magic met faith. The weapon skidded off the armor, and Crusader 51 lifted his sword again.
Skywards. The pillar of light shone down around him. He lifted his blade higher, and it seemed like the light itself coalesced around his sword. Drakes and Gnolls looked up as a giant blade, far larger than Crusader 57’s zweihander, formed.
[Holy Blade: Sword of Judgment].
It crashed among their ranks, and even Manus wavered. How many Skills did he have? From one class consolidation? Even for counter-levelling—
 
——
 
They couldn’t hear it. The Soldier laughed. He knew his people were running. Listening to him. One of them whispered. Dekass.
“A Unitasis Network. You must live. Tell us how. How…?”
Yet they were all fleeing. Crusader 51 stood alone, and the enemy lines tried to force past him, chase after their quarry. They ran into a barrier made out of swords, glowing blades.
How?
He kept hearing it, between the blades striking his armor. As arrows rained down around him. Crusader 51 lifted his head as he heard a familiar howl. He turned to greet the [Spearmaster].
 
[Crusader Level 24—]
[Crusader Level 25—]
 
The [Spearmaster] struck him like a bolt of furry lightning. Faster. Crusader 51 whirled his blade. He was no master of thousand battles. Just one war.
