Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 21
He was more prescient, knowing what the Five Families were like. The purpling Lord Admiral Deinol had had enough. He shouted, and Erin thought she saw his aura manifest for a second, like the roar of a crashing wave silencing the humor.
“Enough! Lord Etril Wellfar, you are stripped of command! Remove him from The Pride—he has no right to captain her!”
He pointed at the ship’s crew as Etril folded his arms, grimly satisfied. The [Sailors] on board stirred—and then that barefooted woman came striding along the deck. And it got weirder.
 
——
 
[Lady Navigator] Heis was not someone Ryoka knew. She was just one of the crew, but she was a member of House Wellfar and placed highly enough to navigate and essentially run second-in-command to the entire ship.
If anything, she was arguably more competent than Etril; captaining this ship was supposed to be mostly ornamental since Wellfar did not risk their Citadel-class ship and Etril had already been in trouble for taking it into a warzone.
However, Heis barked down the length of the ship at the [Sailors], [Soldiers], and at the people on dock alike.
“Lord Admiral Deinol! I must respectfully decline your order! Circumstances have arisen that require a full Conclave of Ships! Lord Etril Wellfar is to be [Captain] of this vessel!”
“What? What? I gave you an order!”
The man looked incredulous. As well he should—Ryoka saw even Pellmia raise his brows in surprise. Noble families might squabble, but Wellfar had a hierarchy. But Deinol didn’t wait for an explanation.
“[Sailors]! Remove both the [Navigator] and [Captain]!”
He pointed at Wellfar’s people. They knew the score and who was in charge, at least, locally. The [Sailors] looked at each other—and leaned on the railings. One of them, a wild-looking ship’s officer with a half-shrimp face, called back.
“Ship’s spoken, Lord Admiral. No can do. The first man or woman who tries to remove Captain Etril I’ll throw into the waters myself.”
Deinol’s eyes bugged out. Ryoka looked around wildly, and she heard a murmur from the crew.
“The ship spoke.”
“Will of the Wellfar.”
“Shh—keep it quiet ‘till they convene.”
Then she realized—something had happened on this ship. Ryoka could not know that this ship had been visited by one of the ghosts—but it wasn’t a hard realization to make for a certain [Innkeeper].
It was definitely not the way that either side wanted this to be revealed, though. Etril glanced around, surprised by the defiance, but Lord Deinol was currently freaking out. He whirled.
“Take the entire crew into custody!”
The noble escorts were quite plentiful. Wellfar soldiers looked up at the giant ship and exchanged glances, but Deinol howled.
“Summon the Watch! Anyone who resists will be mutinying before the entire House! Tell them to lay down their arms, Etril!”
“Deinol! Give us a chance to tell you what we saw and heard! Don’t be mad—”
Exasperated, Etril called back, but the first Wellfar [Soldiers] were coming up the ramp. They’d almost reached the deck when an arrow sprouted in front of their [Captain]. The man leapt backwards, hit two more, and went sprawling into the waters of the harbor.
The shouts and screams were followed by a second flight of arrows. The nobles shouted in alarm—and then looked up.
“Who dares—”
Deinol had reached for a sword, but he froze as he saw a man pointing a finger down at the ramp. Lady Buscrei lowered her bow and swore softly, but Lord Tyrion Veltras spoke.
“House Veltras. Draw arms. The moment to remember our debt to Lord Etril is now.”
