Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 12
She had had companions, hadn’t she? He recalled…six. Six Revenants, like her. He would have had his friends, but they had all perished in battle. Xierca had told him she had planned on taking them all when he was older, past his prime.
But tragedy had claimed them. Now, he sat alone. It had not bothered him until now. Fetohep’s gaze dimmed. Golden light flickered in his eye sockets.
Boredom and now, nostalgic sadness. And yet something was wrong. His fingers flexed on his throne. And after a while—he stood.
 
—-
 
The third legend of Emir Yazdil came as he was entertaining a Terandrian [Lord] on a floating palace at sea. The Human man had invited Lord Alchremm of Taimaguros to Roshal, that they might discuss the possibility of dedicated trade.
It was well-known that Lord Alchremm owned a mithril-mine in Taimaguros, and that the Emir and Roshal were greatly desirous of the precious metal. A private trade contract would enrich Lord Alchremm and Roshal, but the [Lord] had refused to sell.
He made his objections known at volume and length to the Emir and his company, some of whom were his rivals, others his friends.
“I do not treat with [Slavers]. I have come, Emir Yazdil, to see the depravities of Roshal for myself and whilst your hospitality has been gracious, I cannot help but see the collars on the necks of [Slaves]. I find such customs barbaric and reprehensible, and speak my mind to you, sir, because good conscience cannot lead me any other way.”
The boorish remarks to Roshal’s finest were of Terandrian arrogance, but the Emir Yazdil never failed to smile as eyes flashed and daggers were plucked by his fellows. Calmly, he waved at his bodyguard to calm the other [Emirs] and bade the Terandrian Lord sit and discuss the matter over wine. This is what he said:
“Lord Alchremm, I understand your objections about [Slaves]. You object to the idea of one person owning another, is this so?”
“It is, and no argument will convince me otherwise. Terandria owns no slaves—or Taimaguros does not! And we will not consort with those who do.”
According to rumor, the Emir thought a moment and then raised a finger.
“This is true. However, Lord Alchremm, is it not true that a class of common folk exists in Taimaguros and Terandria? The class is known as [Peasant] or [Serf], and are beholden to their [Lord] or [King].”
“This is so. I have them myself.”
“Then, Lord Alchremm, if one of these folk were to tell you they wished to be a [Knight], or an entire family, a village, asked to leave, would they be allowed to?”
Reportedly, the Terandrian [Lord] frowned mightily.
“That would not be acceptable. I would need them to work the fields and they are part of our lands.”
“So you would prohibit them.”
“I see what you are doing, and it is not the same.”
The Emir shrugged lightly.
“Then let us say it is not. However, let us consider prisoners of war. I have seen them paraded in my visits to Terandria, dragged out and humiliated. Are they slaves?”
“No. They are prisoners of war.”
“Are they not collared and chained? Do they have free will? I have heard prisoners—half-Elves—rotting away in dungeons for centuries, unable to die, without right or liberty. Is that better than slavery?”
To this, Lord Alchremm fumed as he searched for a response. The Emir Yazdil’s arguments were well-liked by his fellows, who jested long at the [Lord]’s expense. But the Emir once again silenced them (enraging some, who felt he was altogether too accommodating to such a rude man), and spoke.
