Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 50
She pressed her head against the side of the jar. The voices above were growing uncertain, and the footsteps faster. Eloque listened, again. She thought she heard a voice. So she rose and reached out to the jar, fighting with all her strength to push.
It was unnaturally heavy. She heard a shout.
“Down here! She has entered the storage space! Where—”
They came running now. Eloque heaved with all her might and she felt the jar move.
Someone charged down and grabbed her. She fought, screaming. But the [Guard] saw the jar teetering. He reached for it, swearing.
Too late. It toppled, bouncing heavily down the infinite stairs, the enchantment keeping it secure despite the impact. Eloque, the other [Guards], everyone stopped and listened.
Thump. Thump. Thump—
Crashing from stair to stair, going down. Down and down and down….
Until they heard the last thump, and then the [Guard] breathed out, shakily, laughing. He reached out, grabbing her—and then froze.
Crack.
Slowly, the [Guards] looked down the spiraling staircase. They heard a sound. A crack. Then more cracks. They slowly began to move backwards.
And Eloque laughed.
 
—-
 
In the banquet hall, Pisces stood in the center of a glowing hexagram. He stared at the bones, of failed [Slaves]. Riqre was leaning forwards.
“Now, let us make it better. A ritual demands a sacrifice. Bring the bird.”
Pisces turned. He felt the magic summoning something powerful. Yet his focus wavered.
“Cawe!”
She fought, shouting, then fell limp. Her head rose and she looked at Pisces. She mouthed the words.
“Do it. Let me kill them.”
Riqre was chortling, looking from Pisces to Cawe to the glowing circle and moving bones. Either way, he won. Either way…
No salvation came. No hope. Just the very consequences of what Riqre had made.
They came out of the cellars. Up from that staircase. Hundreds. Things forgotten by even the Emir. People—changed by their classes.
Horrors.
The first of them fell upon the [Guards] enjoying themselves, then upon the sentries, and servants who had given in. They made no distinction.
Had they once been female? Human? Stitchfolk? Garuda? There was no way of knowing. They looked…nothing…like what they had been.
Imagine living a day in a jar you could not move in. Could not stand up in or stretch in. Then imagine ten days.
A year.
A decade.
Madness would descend in the first week, the first month. Time lost all meaning. It was one of the worst tortures ever, and you would live until you broke.
Many did die. Some—lived. They lived and heard the whispers.
 
[Rank 1 Horror – Entombed One.]
[Rank 2 Horror – Sealed Secret.]
[Rank 2 Horror – Many in a Jar.]
[Rank 1 Horror – Screaming Soul.]
[Rank 3 Horror – …
 
Trapped in infinite horror, they began to change. They gained—conditions. Aspects. Skills of a different kind. They waited. Waited, and waited, unable to die, some of them. Some of them clinging onto a hatred that would not leave. A desire for vengeance. If ever there was a chance…
If they waited long enough, they might grow strong enough to leave. They pressed at the magic and insides of the jars. Almost. Almost—it would just take one earthquake, one chance.
One [Slave] who was like them.
Released, they came out of their prisons and brought vengeance. Death. As much pain as they could inflict before death.
Pisces saw one as he whirled. Emir Riqre was on his feet, annoyed at the interruption to his fun. Igheriz and Hrome turned. They saw…a hand…reach out around a door as the screaming in the corridors stopped.
