Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 15
They had to come on foot, probably, so it was a foot-race, but the Goblins were slowing. They felt it too.
Something was down there. Something Kevin really didn’t want to meet. He didn’t want a damn magic ring either. Invisibility spells were cheap and he’d seen Ryoka’s missing fingers.
All of Kevin’s worst fears were crescendoing in his head into a fever of paranoia. He almost wanted something to pop out as the Goblins marched downwards. Just get it over with! What was it, Crelers? Evil horrors? Actually…
“Atter. How do you know this is a Dwarf-place? Is it obvious?”
“Mountain. Underground? We lived in Dwarf-place. Many around. This one old. Very old.”
The Hobgoblin’s voice made Poisonbite scowl for breaking silence-discipline, but since they were already followed, she let it slide. Kevin nodded, gulped.
“So…what could be lurking down here?”
“Whatever kills Dwarves. Could be bad. Horrific-death.”
“Great. Uh…one last question?”
“Mm?”
“Do, uh, ‘Balrogs’ exist? Ever heard of one?”
He really had to know. Atter glanced at Taganchiel. She was about to dispel his fears that this particular horror was unknown to her when it happened.
Thum.
The first beat rose upwards from the ground. An earth-shaking sound. It made the Goblins and Ogres freeze. It made Kevin pee, just a bit.
We’re all dead.
Even the Humans stopped for a second. Everyone turned their heads wildly, setting themselves, waiting for an attack. But Kevin knew. Oh, he knew. That sound was huge, and in this confined space, it echoed for perhaps miles. It had come from far away.
It was the sound of something coming. Something waking up. He heard it again as Poisonbite wavered. Then she glanced over her shoulder, bared her teeth. Light from behind them.
“Run! Run or die!”
The Goblins ran. Now, Kevin heard shouts.
“There they are! Get the monsters! To me! To me!”
Someone was blowing a horn, and the pursuers converged, finding the tunnel the Goblins were heading down. Kevin pumped his arms and legs, and one of the Goblins turned—tossed something down and the howls of pain told Kevin they had deployed a trap.
Even so. It was a race downwards. Yet everyone was waiting. Waiting for the next—
Thum.
That was the sound it made. The sound of a drum, the boom of it in your bones. Less loud this time? Perhaps. The first had been a wakeup call. But this next one, when it came, did not leave the silence lingering long.
Thum. Thum.
The beats began. Picking up in speed. Kevin heard them, the boom of something in the darkness. They were coming. Oh yes.
Thum. Thum. Thum. Thum.
…And the drumbeats were picking up in tempo. Even the pursuers seemed nervous—but it meant they picked up speed instead. They wanted the Goblins dead now, before this trick or external threat got them.
The Goblins and Ogres sprinted into a huge space, some giant walkway or gathering point, mere seconds before the Humans. Somo actually turned and struck low someone charging after her. There was a scream—pursuit slowed a bit as the Humans realized they still had to fight at the end.
“Regroup! Box them in!”
More pursuers were coming out of other tunnels. Poisonbite’s head whirled; she saw the other pathways, and pointed straight down the huge intersection.
“This way!”
“That’s towards the drums!”
Kevin yelped. Somo groaned.
“No, no. Bad. Other way!”
Poisonbite just snarled. She did an amazing dive sideways and a crackling ray blasted the stone. Everyone started running after her, dodging as Taganchiel shot magic back.
“We find death or we die! Too many Humans!”
Thumthumthumthumthumthum—
