Interlude – Burning Alcohol
Page 23
“What are you planning?”
“I’m going to use my other Skill.”
Erin met Lyonette’s gaze. Slowly, the young woman nodded. Erin relaxed, chatting with Saliss and Octavia who’d come back through raving about isolating one single component in their potion. Xif, who had a present for Erin. Relc showed up, with Beilmark, smug as could be.
And they came. All the others. As if they knew something was up. Perhaps they’d heard about Calruz. Or perhaps Erin had summoned them. Olesm and Selys, Krshia and Elirr, the latter muttering about Wyvern bites.
Even Embria and the 4th Company. Although they were just here to work out. Erin saw how Embria sat with her command, laughing and glancing at Relc as he sat and had a poke-fight with Mrsha. And Erin waited.
“Miss Solstice? [Message] for you.”
Erin received one last surprise that night. A Drake Street Runner arrived with a little letter. Erin blinked, and unfurled it.
It was a [Message], as you got from the Mage’s Guild all the time. It was addressed to her. Erin’s fingers froze when she saw who had sent it.
 
Dear Erin,
I’m sorry I haven’t written you. I’m so sorry about how I left. And I’m afraid I’m not sending you good news. Well, it’s a burden. There are some…people coming towards your inn. People like me. I didn’t know where else to send them. And I hope you can do for them what you did for me.
I’m rambling. Hey, can I pay for—never mind. It’s sort of hard to say, Erin. I’m uh, dictating this out loud if you didn’t know. I just wanted to say that I’m sorry. Not just to you. To Mrsha. I let her down.
I should have stayed. But I make such a mess of things. I couldn’t even face my mistakes. I want to change. I have to. Until I do, I’m afraid I’ll end up killing you or ruining your life. But I will come back.
I promise. I will come back, no matter what. But not yet. When I come back, I need to be different. 
There’s nothing else I can say. I’m sorry I haven’t returned. I’m sending gold, for Mrsha, and anything else you need. Please tell her that…I wish I could have helped her. I wish I was worthy of it. But I’m not.
Sincerely,
–Ryoka Griffin
 
Erin read the letter twice, slowing down as she noticed what looked like the transcribing [Mage] having real difficulty with Ryoka’s dictation. She stared as the Street Runner waited.
“Oh. A seal. And a tip. Here.”
The [Innkeeper] pushed a seal, a silver coin, and a chocolate chip cookie into the Drake boy’s claws. He blinked at all three and then bowed.
“Thanks, Miss!”
Erin slowly sat down at a table. She read the letter a third time, and stopped halfway through.
“This is the worst letter I’ve ever read.”
It really was. But it was also Ryoka. And Erin thought—it was something. To get a letter from Ryoka that read like this. It was her. Infuriating and sincere and sad at the same time.
…It also pissed Erin off. She stood up and glared at the letter.
“Who’s coming? What do you mean? Lyonette!”
Erin threw up her arms and stormed into the kitchen. The [Princess] was trying to flawlessly make an order for Saliss.
“I’m busy, Erin—”
She stopped as Erin thrust the letter into her face.
“Read.”
Lyonette did. She read the letter, swore with the kind of filthy language she’d banned in Mrsha’s presence, and read on. She looked up at Erin with much the same look.
“What is she thinking?”
“I don’t know. But she sent the [Message]. There’s no return address.”
The [Innkeeper] had cooled down. Now, she looked at the letter Lyonette was threatening to shred like a valuable thing.
“Don’t wreck it. Mrsha needs to read this. It’s good practice for her letters, anyways.”
