Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 0

[Firebrand is a new story by a friend of mine, Quill! It’s about elemental spells, a magic school, and a journey to become the Firebrand. Consider giving it a read here! https://www.royalroad.com/fiction/56176/firebrand]
 
“Let me in.”
A Drake stood like a [Beggar] in front of a [King]’s treasury. In every sense of the word, because the gates were open. A rich paradise of…content lay beyond. A trove, if not in exactly gold, then information, knowledge, and spectacle.
Yet the unjust, uncaring tyrant couldn’t part with a single gold coin in this analogy. Not a copper penny. The Drake pressed his hands up against the blank air, as inviting as the open doorway it was—
As solid as stone. He pleaded again.
“Let me in. Please.”
“No. Go away.”
The voice from the owner of the inn was slightly vexed. She had figured out that if she tossed something out of her [Garden of Sanctuary], it could hurt. The Drake had to duck out of the way. His dusky red scales, flushed darker with embarrassment and anger, were already covered with a bit of muck.
It did not go well with the cream-colored suit, highlighted by yellow. And yes—it was a look. He’d tried it on, and it was not flying with his audience. But being disliked was almost part of Noass’ appeal. And this moment was television gold.
“Let me in! Let me in! The world deserves to see!”
Noass howled as he clawed at the opening to the [Garden of Sanctuary]. Erin Solstice’s aggrieved sigh was her only reply, but she stayed well out of sight; even the [Cameraman] couldn’t get a view of her.
“Go away! This is private property!”
“Miss Solstice, you cannot deny the entire world the right to see inside—”
Noass’ refrain was cut off by an [Unerring Throw]…of a mudball to his mouth. He gagged and spat as Erin high-fived a delighted Mrsha.
“Go away! No one gets in here! Drassi’s already in here, anyways.”
“Then let her report on—”
“No.”
Here was the thing. The [Honest Reporter] was having a moment of journalistic struggle. She was part of the audience watching Noass try to talk his way into Erin’s garden. That wasn’t the struggle; Drassi was all too pleased to watch him eat dirt, and she’d let him eat shit if Erin could find some lying around and were willing to throw it.
Yet—she had to admit, Noass had a point. He often did. It was just that he and Sir Relz could find a way to package that point in a quintessentially Drake and often elitist tone. However, the scowling [Innkeeper] throwing mudballs from the side was Drassi’s friend.
More than that—she was Drassi’s former employer, and she’d helped Drassi get this very job. The Drake felt…an odd compulsion to mention that. Should she say it if she ever covered a story with Erin? Or just let Noass do that?
Then again—Erin would never let Noass in her garden. But she wasn’t keen on Drassi reporting on it either. However, Drassi wasn’t an idiot. The Drake coughed and then whispered loudly to Erin as the [Innkeeper] called to Mrsha.
“Mrsha, get a really yucky mudball. No, a snowball! No, a snow-mudball! With worms! Are there worms in…?”
“Erin, maybe you should let me take a look around the [Garden of Sanctuary]?”
The [Innkeeper] looked astonished. She was washing the muck off her hands as she stood in her garden after all the excitement of yesterday. It was early morning, and the excitement was still palpable. However—even Drassi didn’t know where the staff of the inn had disappeared to, and Erin had ejected everyone out of her frozen garden soon after they’d identified it.
