Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 44
The Antinium accompanying him settled down. The Demons breathed again. The glowing gaze turned away from Flora, and she would have fallen but for Bazeth supporting her.
“We ask. Perhaps you omit. Now, we ask again. Do not lie. Tell me what changed during the longest day of the year.”
The Deathless looked at each other. The Demon King moved on his throne, and Flora’s head snapped up.
The Summer Solstice? Had they too received children from another world? Silvenia’s eyes flickered, but she dared not confer.
“A great magical event. I sensed it. A weft in space and time, exploited by magic of a scale so great, I cannot explain how it was brought into motion. Yet it was done, by the Blighted Kingdom no less. And it has torn…something.”
“Yes. It has.”
A whisper. Flora jerked. That did not come from Czkelcill. The Centenium just nodded.
“What was done, exactly?”
“We do not know. Something the Blighted Kingdom wrought.”
Silvenia was angry. She could guess. Opened a gateway. Yet her eyes kept flickering across the Antinium. The Demons were wary.
However, it seemed as though they were speaking cross-purposes. Czkelcill’s antennae moved, but one of the Antinium opened huge maws on its armored body and spoke. Not with the cavernous voice that Flora expected but with a deep, feminine voice.
As if it was but a relay for some other intelligence peering out. No—that was exactly what it was.
“You are magic. Does it lie in your power to stop this event from occurring again?”
She addressed Silvenia. Again, the Death of Magic hesitated, and this time Flora, who knew enough of Silvenia from their talks together, realized the half-Elf wasn’t confident.
Silvenia did not like admitting there was anything she could not do. So she was uncomfortable as she replied.
“…I have stratagems in place. It may be impossible to stop, however.”
Again, the Antinium conferred. This time with considerable agitation, although the only sign was the flicking of antennae.
Czkelcill replied.
“Then—can you sense if another attempt is made?”
“Oh yes. I can do that.”
Silvenia nodded, eyes glinting. Czautha’s eyes never moved, but a part of her body changed color and Bazeth blinked. She was signalling the others. Flora knew the Djinni well enough to realize they had complex signs of their own.
What did the Antinium want? It was clear they never came above, and the few times they had were heralded by terrible conflict. Now, though, Czkelcill nodded. A decision had been made, perhaps before they had even come. This was simply notification, politely, as the Antinium did it.
“Dispensation will be made. If it occurs again, inform us. We will come to halt it.”
…What? For a second, Flora didn’t get the implications. Yet the Demons’ officers did. They looked at each other.
Were the Antinium declaring that they were willing to fight the Blighted Kingdom if the ritual occurred again? And their wording?
We will come to halt it. No question. The Deathless looked to the throne, but then Czautha spoke for the Demons.
“If your goal is preventing the ritual from occuring again, great Antinium, will you lend your aid to help us crush the Blighted Kingdom?”
Czkelcill took a long moment to speak, and Flora saw the argument, invisible, in the air. However, when the Voice of the Antinium spoke, it was firm denial.
“No more time can be spared. No more Antinium. We part. Allies.”
