Interlude – Conversations
Page 6
“And those wretches who picked that fight?”
“Haven’t seem ‘em!”
The boy gave him a huge grin exposing missing teeth. Uzine nodded.
“Suffer no bullying. Go proudly in House Shoel’s name.”
When the boy had limped off, he turned to Visophecin.
“I wanted to give him a practice sword for the end of the month. Herea refused. Speak to her, will you?”
“Hm.”
Visophecin’s eyes followed Tored. The boy had, after several incidents with a neighboring village’s children, single-handedly picked a fight with no less than four children with multiple years on him. He’d broken a leg and lost several teeth, but had given them more scars than the one he had. He had done it after a chat with Uzine on the issue.
Until Tored was older, Visophecin would have left him alone. Treated him like a servant if he was employed, and not bothered with any facet of his life unless it affected Visophecin for whatever reason. Unless Tored committed a crime. Then they would meet one more time, as man and Lucifen.
But Uzine and his kind…meddled. The children they poured their affection and attention into went on adventures. Many died young. Some became great heroes and figures of renown. Champions of the poor, feared warriors. Some simply snapped. There was no middle ground.
Live. Live louder, live with conviction, with passion. If Uzine had been able to stand for long periods, he might have founded a new [Knight] Order, or led the charge into enemy lines. As it was—he couldn’t.
They were all bedridden. All…weak. So, as Visophecin spoke, a few more were escorted over, to give him advice. Ironically, he trusted the Agelum more than his kin. Not all of his kin were as practical; you could learn the kind of selfish altruism he believed made great rulers. But Agelum…
“A girl from another world? Or one who travels at least? You were right to stop Rhisveri. Hear her out. Give her aid, Visophecin. Bring her here, perhaps. Have you heard about Ser Tubeliges?”
Another of the Agelum wheeled herself over. She was old, white in her hair…but that didn’t mean much. She coughed.
“Gadrea collapsed, then?”
“You shouldn’t have let her stand so long. Three hours? You are lucky she didn’t suffer intense harm.”
Razia smiled.
“You don’t know what it’s like, Visophecin. To want to stand and hold someone. Don’t scold Gadrea too long. I feel for mortals who suffer injuries like ours.”
“I have put forward your suggestions about ways to improve their lives and give them employment in the Court of Masks already. And we are purchasing magical prosthesis designs. Sophridel and Fithea, among some of the others, are looking into the project, but we have a war to fight, Razia.”
“I know that. I wish we could give more aid. But we are not as skilled at magic.”
She shook her head. Then she smiled ruefully.
“I hope we do not add to your worries, Visophecin. To tell you the truth, I stood and walked about the manor just this morning. Only thirty minutes.”
He sighed. But he did understand the frustration they had to feel. To occupy them, he gave them wide liberties to begin and envision projects. One of Ailendamus’ dishes that was now a standard across the kingdom had come from House Shoel’s kitchens, and thousands of taste-testings, much to their pride. Razia smiled.
“I know, but I had Herea send someone to watch me. I didn’t feel poorly at all. I’ve felt better this last month—months, really—than I have since before Curulac, damn him. And I’m not the only one, am I, Uzine?”
Visophecin raised his eyebrows.
“I hope you will remind the others not to push themselves, however you feel, Cousins.”
