Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 7
After all—if you were a friend to the Minotaurs, there were no safer waters than the House of Minos. Their enemies stayed well clear, for Minotaurs with their siege weapons mounted on their warships could down twice as many enemies in a fair fight.
The warriors ate fast, for after breakfast would come punishing spars, practice with their chosen weapons, and studying the art of war. They were relentless in their pursuit of battle. In fact, one Minotaur sprang up no less than eight minutes after sitting down, wiping her face clean.
“You, Spekelj, a rematch! Barehanded.”
She pointed, and another Minotaur rose as his fellows shouted him on. They marched over to a sparring ring, both eight feet tall without their horns. They lowered themselves into a fighting stance—yes, neither might be a [Fistfighter], but a true warrior of Minos could fight even when deprived of their weapon.
If either were hurt, they would tough it out the rest of the day. Only a truly debilitating injury would require a healing potion; Minotaurs knew that healing injuries weakened their bodies in the long run. It was possible either combatant could be seriously injured or die; they would not pull their punches. Yet to kill another was such an act of dishonor and loss of control…
The air seethed with adrenaline and sweat. And more sweat because humid, warm climates could really suck. But even mosquitos feared the grinding teeth, the, again, dangerous abdominals and sheer musculature that could kill the bloodsucking pests by flexing as the insects dared to try and take blood from the most elite, most battle-focused…
A third Minotaur walking down the road and yawning caught sight of the two young Minotaurs grunting and throwing each other around the ring. He paused to lean against the fence demarcating the sweaty Minotaurs from the road.
“As always, working hard, aren’t you all?”
The two sparring Minotaurs halted a moment and nodded to the third Minotaur. He had no abs you could presumably use to grate cheese. If anything, he had a paunch and would thus be the first Minotaur that Ceria or many non-Minotaurs had ever seen with anything like a relaxed gut.
He was also an ordinary citizen watching the antics of the Minotaurs enlisted in the House of Minos’ volunteer army with a bit of amused dismay. The female Minotaur wiped a bleeding nostril.
“The Isle is closing into our waters, sir. Can we help you in any way?”
“Oh, no. I’m walking for my health, and I see you all every day. Could I interest anyone in some olives?”
He had a huge jar slung along his side, snacks for the road, and plenty of water. The two Minotaurs shook their heads.
“We’ve eaten, sir. Thank you for your consideration.”
“Ah, well, back to it. If ever you want any olives, I have an orchard…”
The ordinary Minotaur winced as he watched the female Minotaur eat an uppercut straight to the jaw. He watched something fly out of her mouth and hoped it was only a bit of breakfast, not a tooth.
Then he went on, greeting some of the furiously-training soldiers. They were, amazingly, in good spirits despite the grueling regimen. They enjoyed it. Each to their own. And that was the beauty of the House of Minos and why it was called paradise, despite actually suffering conflict regularly.
Even Fetohep of Khelt would admit that while his nation had superior culture, a people that wanted for nothing, and so on and so forth of self-congratulatory lauding—
The House of Minos knew how to give their people something that even Khelt’s citizens lacked. And that was purpose.
 
——
 
