Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 21
“It’s simple. We give them routines so it can improvise in a fight. Autonomous-Class won’t deviate from what they know. And they’re too simple to think to use a chop; some’ll just use the same thrust over and over. Giving them routines makes them more efficient. And Femithain has created the most adaptive command-inscription Illivere has. Domehead will use different tactics if it senses it’s being ineffective. It’s as close to Sentient-class as you can ask for.”
Nsiia watched Domehead parry some strikes that the [Golem Artificers] were making with longspears and nodded slowly. Crafter Se looked proud of her creation. And yet…
“That’s enough. Domehead has no issues in its execution of all attack and defense routines. However…we can still improve the basic routines themselves. Armsmaster Dellic. What do you think?”
The man had been watching Domehead with an increasingly critical eye as it went through the routines. Now he bowed and spoke, nervously.
“I ah, do see places where—Domehead—can be improved, Magus-Crafter. A few openings and inefficiencies in how it moves, begging your pardon.”
The Crafters muttered. They didn’t like that. Nsiia pursed her lips. She’d seen the exact same thing.
“Can you elaborate, Armsmaster?”
The man tried.
“It’s uh—I think it was Attack Routine #5, Magus-Crafter. You see, when the Golem’s raising his axe like this—it’s a bit too high, you see? Too open. I’d slide in and cut a man trying that on me. And the motion whenever Domehead swings his axe sideways…”
He tried to show the skeptical crowd, but he looked silly and Domehead looked impressive when you lined up the motions. And that was because they were flashy attacks. But not good ones.
They looked like, well, a non-[Warrior]’s idea of what fighting should look like. Dellic was completely right in Nsiia’s eyes. Unfortunately, experience had taught her that meant very little.
“That jab looks all wrong, though. With a battleaxe like the one Domehead’s carrying, what does a jab like that do?”
One of the Crafters didn’t like the feedback the [Armsmaster] was giving him. He jabbed in a parody of Dellic’s motions. The [Armsmaster of Steel] spoke to a point over the man’s head as he clasped one hand to his breast.
“No offense, Crafter, Sir. It’s just that it works in combat. The axe is a bit oversized and er, fanciful for that matter. Looks a bit too heavy from the blade-end the way the Golem’s swinging it.”
“Not Golem-combat, you mean. This axe is designed to pierce enemy Golem’s armor.”
“Yessir. I only meant…yessir.”
Nsiia could bear no more of it. She strode forwards before Femithain, who was busy overseeing the inscription changes, could interrupt.
“I rather think Armsmaster Dellic has the right of it. I happen to know how to fight myself and I agreed with everything he said—only more strongly. Or would anyone who’s slain more foes on the battlefield care to object to your [Armsmaster of Steel]?”
Her tone was derisive. Femithain looked up and the red-faced Crafter hesitated.
“But surely—”
“Fast blows work in combat. More than wide swings. Domehead doesn’t use his weight. He could lean into me and I would be cut. He doesn’t seem to shove, does he, Dellic?”
Nsiia looked at the Armsmaster. Encouraged, the man shook his head.
“Not at all, Empress Nsiia. He could bring that axe up, just like that and just—”
He demonstrated and the audience muttered. Nsiia saw many were unconvinced, but she’d given them pause.
“Why don’t you demonstrate, Armsmaster? Only, it’s hard to see for non-[Warriors]. So—try me. Have you practice swords? Or sticks?”
