Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 38
It was hard to pass your capstones. Mind you, Wikir had started from the ground and was old enough to remember the Antinium Wars, but he hadn’t always been in Liscor’s 4th. Pass Level 30 and Embria would be…
Well, she might be a [Spearmaster]. And if she also passed Level 30 in [Wing Commander]—she’d have passed Relc when he first began being called the Gecko of Liscor.
It was an odd thought. Embria was sure Relc was higher-level. But she’d gotten to where he was…faster? Around where he was?
She wanted to level. Frankly, if she could have traded two classes for, say, a Level 32 in one class…
Well, she wouldn’t do it, but she’d give it a damn good thought. Because your classes gave you variety, but the height of your levels dictated the power of a Skill.
Take Olesm, for example. He was new to leading armies, but Embria saw his [Instantaneous Barrage] Skill, which could launch hundreds of arrows in a free volley attack at least once per battle, and she saw what Level 30 meant. As a [Wing Commander] and [Spear Hunter], she could help take down a dangerous group, battle an enemy officer, and slay them.
Olesm could change the entire battle around, especially if he pointed at a high-level opponent.
Anyways, she wasn’t leveling today. Embria sighed. She scowled up at a hill as Liscor’s army advanced over the last battlefield. The confusing terrain behind them meant their army had kept moving from battlefield to battlefield, trying to box their foe in, and Hectval kept fighting back—then retreating.
Right now, she was overseeing the inspection of all the supplies they’d taken from eight hundred prisoners of war, who would be ransomed off or held in a prisoner train. Olesm had learned from last time, and they wouldn’t be breaking out any time soon. Nor would Hectval launch a sneak attack to free them.
“Nice arrows. Unenchanted gear, unenchanted gear…personal possessions…”
Vell, Wikir, Pielt, and Igissi were all present, showing other officers how to efficiently sort and strip enemy combatants. That was the kind of thing this new army didn’t know. Everything from how to organize your pack to how to loot properly.
“Is this…are we going to wear the enemy’s armor, Wing Commander? It seems a bit off.”
That was from Division Leader Ramia. The [Guardswoman] was patently uncomfortable with the idea of battlefield acquisitions. Embria turned to her and tried to explain as Vell made her squad sort the gear.
“It’s not theft, Ramia. Nor would I advise tossing on armor without checking it; there’s lice as well as all the crap enemy soldiers will put on their gear if they think you’ll get it—including crap. But if you’ve got a hole in your armor and you see some new chainmail…I advise you not to crack down on that so long as a [Soldier] trades their gear. Now, looting is different. This goes straight to command to divvy out. We’re not [Pirates], but we’ll definitely take healing potions, eh?”
Ramia nodded, a bit relieved by Embria’s reassurances. Wikir chipped in with a reassuring growl.
“Don’t worry, the fact that we have so many prisoners is a good sign. Taking eight hundred in one engagement—Hectval’s probably tearing their fur out over it. Look at them.”
He nodded in the distance to where the other army was camped on the hilltop. In theory, they had the high ground.
In practice, they had lost every other area of ground, and while they had the numbers, Liscor had beaten them again and again. Embria nudged Wikir.
“Don’t say that. They can probably conscript if they haven’t done a round already. Plus, they’ll empty their garrisons.”
