Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 48
Klbkch did not expect Saliss to crumble. But neither would he have been surprised if the Named Adventurer did. But Saliss of Lights—proved again why Wrymvr had remembered him from their encounter. He swore, put the potions away, and then raised a single claw.
“That just means I need four elements. Come over here and let me experiment. Kill me if you can, Antinium.”
He spread his arms wide, nude, panting and injured. Klbkch looked at him. Wrymvr laughed again. But neither drew closer.
“That one could kill you, Wrymvr.”
“Perhaps. If I was careless.”
“Wrymvr, Klbkchhezeim. Our link has ended. There is a second group of Drakes approaching. It is time.”
The two Centenium turned. The Twisted Queen’s warning was followed moments later by Wyverns and Pegasi, riders on foot.
Reinforcements. To evacuate Saliss? Or finish…? Klbkch saw the Swordsman of Six, as well as Shriekblade.
“I wonder if that is what the other Antinium seem to the Walled Cities, Wrymvr? Where as we are like…”
Klbkch nodded at Saliss. They were trying to get him to run. The Drake was watching them. He wanted to kill Wrymvr.
Wrymvr the Deathless and Klbkch the Slayer faced the small army of Drakes. They were standing off. Neither one wanted to speak. If they did—this was clearly more than an ‘accident’. If they did, this was not war.
And Klbkch did not want war any more than the Walled Cities did yet. He shook his head.
“Wrymvr. The willpower of the last of the Centenium—has worn thin after thousands of years. These last few decades more than our struggle, more than the time since She died.”
“Yours, perhaps.”
Klbkch punched Wrymvr in one of his ‘faces’. The Drakes stopped their tense standoff to watch. The Antinium spoke again.
“I mean that even so, I still see something admirable in the best of Izril’s warriors. If that Drake lives and dies ten more times, perhaps he would understand what it is to be us. Certainly—he is stronger than me.”
Wrymvr nodded at that. Klbkch rubbed at his wounds. Even with his Skill, fighting one Named Adventurer was hard enough. Wrymvr had his old body and his Skills. Klbkch had needed to focus to avoid dying every moment of the engagement, even with Saliss not doing his best to kill Klbkch. The difference…was clear.
“Antinium. This exchange has cost both sides. Will you let us collect our dead and leave or will it be further hostilities?”
One of the Drakes called out. The Centenium nearly laughed again. What rules these other species came up with. Klbkch stepped forwards and the group tensed.
Gold-ranks. High-level warriors. Commanders and support from afar. And on the other side?
Klbkch the Slayer.
Wrymvr the Deathless.
“Would you fight with us? Who are you, Drakes?”
The [Commander] bared his teeth.
“The Walled City’s finest. Enough to kill even you, Centenium.”
Klkbch and Wrymvr exchanged one more look. Klbkch shrugged and sheathed his blades. Then he remembered and took off the belt. He looped it, and his swords, around one of Wrymvr’s appendages.
“That sounds appropriately fearsome. Wrymv—”
 
—-
 
The jaws closed with a snap. At first—Saliss just stared. Half of the Slayer’s body crumpled as his upper half clung to the bloody mandibles.
“Wh—”
The Drakes started. Was it an accident? The—Wrymvr the Deathless had just bisected—
“Heh.”
Klbkch’s mandibles moved. Wrymvr opened his maw. He spat part of his comrade’s body at the feet of the stunned Drakes. They had no idea what was going on.
“It seems I’ve been mortally wounded. Time to flee.”
