Interlude – Conversations
Page 32
“It needs thought. I will consider your offer and…let’s put learning [Restoration] on hold. There. Plenty of thought to devote to the problem. However, I would rather take an apprentice with significant advantages, and you have qualities that may cause issues, Mage Montressa. An idea. What if I offered one of the Earthers an apprenticeship? Troy Atlas. And then I have access to a Lifesand Golem…”
Montressa feared Valeterisa’s new lines of thought. The Archmage was floating faster, lighting up with ideas. Valeterisa was excusing herself, promising to get back to Montressa later—
When she nearly floated into a line of spears. She stopped, looked down, and saw Liscor’s Watch aiming bows and spears up at her. A Watch Captain walked forwards and barked.
“Archmage Valeterisa, you are under arrest for violating the peace, threats of aggression, breaking and entering, and casting high-level magical spells of a hostile nature within city bounds without a permit!”
Valeterisa blinked. She saw the [Guards] apprehensively aiming their weapons at her, and then noticed someone on the walls activating Liscor’s wall spells. Not in a ‘we really want to do this’ kind of sense, but a ‘do I have your attention’ moment?
She frowned; a city actually taking her to task was new. But a young woman hurried forwards before Valeterisa could decide if she was just going to teleport out of there.
“Watch Captain! Watch Captain—Archmage Valeterisa is willing to pay all fines. And issue a written apology. In fact, she’s leaving now, which is preferable to processing any paperwork or trying to arrest her. I’ll handle it. Isn’t that right, Archmage?”
Valeterisa peered down at Montressa. Zevara glowered, but Montressa had her at ‘she’s leaving’. She looked suspiciously up at Archmage Valeterisa. Montressa turned her head, heart pounding in her chest. She saw Valeterisa eye her. Then, of all things?
Valeterisa chuckled.
The amusement surprised her more than anyone else. She floated down, as Zevara held her ground, sweating a bit.
“Archmage…Valeterisa. Is Mage Montressa your, ah, agent? Representative?”
Valeterisa peered at Montressa. She nodded, slightly.
“She is my apprentice, and authorized to speak for me. Provisionally.”
Montressa saw Bezale’s jaw open wide. But she had no time to celebrate. Valeterisa plucked at her shoulder and drew her aside as Zevara ordered the Watch back to the city. Lism was demanding a verbal apology and she’d have to explain how bad of an idea that was.
Valeterisa was looking at her.
“Provisional apprentice?”
“A test. Deal with that.”
Valeterisa waved her hand at Liscor as a whole. Then she eyed Montressa again.
“You were a secret broker. A capable manager? And you meant what you said? You will learn magic from me. That is all I want. Everything is to forward that goal. If you are my apprentice, you must have the same belief.”
“It’s all I have. Magic. Everything else changes but…I stopped learning at some point, in Wistram. I want to learn again, Archmage. I’ll prove myself, I promise.”
Valeterisa nodded slowly, searching Montressa. She almost smiled, then snapped her fingers.
“Very well. You are on trial. Firstly, after you deal with any fines or legalities—can you find me a geological spot with no active monsters, suitable for inscribing a rune four by four feet wide? Somewhere that will not be disturbed. Safe from…”
“Elements and travellers?”
Valeterisa gave her a gratified look.
“Yes. Locations every hundred miles, beginning here and heading south. Plot me a course on a map.”
“I can do that!”
