Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 46
He would have traded all of it to have the Goblin who they belonged to sitting across from him, grunting and chewing on something as he always did. Numbtongue knew Pyrite now, though they had never spoken. He wished Pyrite had been alive to see him on that stage. To meet Erin. Him, Headscratcher, Shorthilt, and all the others. Numbtongue wished, and that was all. But he wasn’t unhappy. Just tired.
He closed his eyes.
 
[Bard Level 30!]
[Conditions Met: Bard → Goblin Soulbard Class!]
[Memory – Pyrite, Flooded Waters Tribe obtained!]
[Skill – A Minute, Reborn obtained!]
[Skill – Ballad of Bravery obtained!]
 
Slowly, Numbtongue opened his eyes.
 
—-
 
A minute later, a Goblin sat in Numbtongue’s room. He felt tired. Physically, his body, at any rate. Intellectually his mind was racing. And fresh! The Goblin looked around experimentally, blinking, and then felt at his body. He knew the body’s name. It’s owner. That was Numbtongue. But he? He was different.
‘Pyrite’ scratched his stomach. He stopped, poked it experimentally, and wondered if a flat stomach and nimble body was better than fat in combat. Then he thought of who he was.
He could remember everything. He was Pyrite. And he was Numbtongue. The gaps between their personalities had disappeared, but also reformed. This wasn’t the confused jumble that Numbtongue had been forced to sort through when Pyrite had died.
This was different. Pyrite felt like himself, although that might be an illusion. More importantly, Pyrite could remember Numbtongue’s memories, but he was sure, in this moment, he was Pyrite. Only, one inclined to help Numbtongue. Well, that was fine. He would have done it anyways.
Wasn’t this confusing? Pyrite frowned and blew out his cheeks. He knew he didn’t have time to waste on puzzling out who was who, though. The Skill’s name had sounded explicit. [A Minute, Reborn]. Well that was a time limit. And an inconvenient one, too.
One minute, so now probably thirty seconds. Pyrite hesitated, and then decided he needed notes. He bent and with Numbtongue’s finger scribbled fast on the floorboards, cutting into it with his nail. Numbtongue didn’t know how to write because he’d never bothered, but he could read this note in case he forgot. There were so many thoughts bouncing around in Pyrite’s head, but he jotted down the most pressing ones as he spoke aloud.
“This class. Is it only for [Bards]? Why did you get it? Because of memory? Was that because so many Goblins died or because I tried? Is this memory here to stay, or does it fade?”
He paused, not too concerned by that. This was fascinating. Experimentally, he flexed one clawed hand and went back to writing.
“Do I remember this or does Numbtongue remembering take over and I am new Pyrite with Numbtongue’s memories any time? Will I make him level up? Can I level up?”
Probably not. But Pyrite wrote it down just in case. He frowned. So many questions!
“Hm. Hmm. Greydath would know. Do I have Skills when I am reborn? Is it possible to make this longer? An hour? A day? Test me in the mountains or elsewhere. I have [Power Strike]—can’t use here. Lastly…”
Ten seconds. Pyrite could feel something tugging him. Yes. His time was coming to a close. And perhaps he could leave if need be. But he could also be called. When he was needed…his mind flashed from thought to thought, and then Pyrite’s eyes widened. With the last seconds, he wrote, scratching deep into the wooden floorboards.
