Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 8
General Feesken did not care about Human drama, at least unless they were going to invade them. His army was marching to war.
War—against another Drake city. The damned city of Yoire. It was an ongoing conflict for, oh, the last hundred and twenty years.
This would be the conflict that ended it. He had forty thousand Drake soldiers under his command. Archers, riders, mages—all the standards of his city.
And to seal the deal this time—some ultra-heavy armored [Shock Troopers], a thousand strong, and an enchanted battering ram to break through Yoire’s gates.
They were going to win. So—why in the name of the Ancestor’s balls were they having to wait for a bunch of Gnolls to finish moving down the road?
“We’re an army! General Vollk! General Vollk! Why hasn’t your force given the order to move?”
The angry Feesken turned to an allied commander who’d volunteered fifteen thousand of his soldiers for the victorious battle. The older Vollk, a [General] of his city, lowered the spyglass.
“They’ll be past us in the hour, Feesken.”
“Our tactics revolve around attacking Yoire before they can call for aid! Tell the Gnolls to halt while we move forwards!”
“No.”
The other [General] ignored Feesken’s fury.
“Our battle plans involve us getting to Yoire intact, Feesken. Not having to retreat and wiping out our forces before they get there. There are six tribes on the march towards their Meeting of the Tribes. They could wipe us out.”
That paused Feesken. He’d fought Gnoll tribes before. They caused trouble when they got near Drake cities. Some were lawful, others traders—others bandits.
“Six tribes? They might have numbers on us, but those are civilians.”
The other [General] snorted.
“You think so? I recognize two tribes among them. Tribe Inknight, Tribe Demas Metal—we bought some new armor from them.”
He gestured to the wave of Gnolls moving across the road. Not just the road; there was a seemingly never-ending stream of the nomads. Feesken hesitated.
“I haven’t heard of them.”
“New tribe. Brand new, as it goes. Their [Chieftain]’s clever. His [Blacksmiths] invented some new alloy based on a metal they dug up. Or old metal—I bet the Dwarves will say they invented it first.”
“Hah. What’s new? And—what in the name of Rhir’s Hells is that?”
His command staff, who’d been watching the procession, stirred. Vollk bared his teeth.
“That is the reason no one’s attacking them. Did I say two tribes? I meant, two lesser tribes. And the Gaarh Marsh tribe. That’s their protector.”
Feesken’s jaw dropped. He saw a massive…thing marching at the center of one of Izril’s most powerful tribes. And they had enough warriors to make the nervous Drake army shuffle back to give them room. In fact—his [Soldiers] were buying hot drinks from one of the tribes! Feesken wasn’t about to reprimand them or order the other tribes off the road.
Not with that colossus of earth marching past him, making the ground shake. It was like a Giant!
But it was no humanoid. Rather, it was far more rotund, a ‘face’ made of plant matter, still growing amid the muck and roots and…
“What is that? A Golem? A…Swamp Golem?”
“There’s no such thing as a Swamp Golem. That is the old world. The Gaarh Marsh tribe—I heard they had one, but I’ve never seen it. It’s no Golem either. Don’t call it names or it might throw something at us. Or turn the ground to muck.”
It was leaving a trail of…growth behind it. Not flowers, not beautiful. But the road itself was sprouting with life. Everything from weeds to flowers to basic grass…the ground even looked softer in its wake.
