Interlude – Embria
Page 13
They’d turned down another street during the course of their conversation. This one had a number of stalls, but it wasn’t as occupied by [Shopkeepers] as Market Street. If there was a place for [Merchants] to trade in their rich stores, [Traders] had their own spot to ply their wares. And this street was mercifully free of the arguments enveloping most of the city. Relc explained eagerly as he took Embria from stall to stall, clearly searching for one in particular.
“I tried gardening. Didn’t work out. But I’m into these puzzle-things. They’re—oh, look! There they are!”
He pointed excitedly. Embria saw one [Trader] had a display full of…she could only call them rejected [Blacksmith] pieces. Pieces of bent metal, odd shapes, some made of wood, some metal, a few decorative, but all very, very strange looking. They weren’t decorations. And as Relc showed her one excitedly, Embria saw they were meant to come apart. Only, it was the doing that would be the challenge.
“Take a look. I’ve got like six of these and I work on them during my patrols. And at night. And when I wake up. See? I know this one by heart.”
He had a tiny pair of what looked like bent, intertwined wires in his claws. It was two parts, joined at the center with a tiny little gap, but the two pieces of wire were twisted so that it seemed you’d never get them apart. But Relc confidently held the puzzle up by one claw. He flicked the little wire puzzle expertly and the connected pieces flew apart.
Embria blinked. Relc caught the piece before it could fly off and joined them together in a moment. He turned to the [Trader], a Gnoll with spectacles who looked approving.
“Not bad. You’ve done some beginner puzzles, hrm?”
“I’ve done advanced and even expert ones. Do you have any of the Wistram head-scratcher puzzles? The last female [Trader] who was in said sometimes you have the really complex ones.”
The Gnoll grinned as Embria picked up the pieces of wire, bemused.
“I’ve got a few very hard ones. Would you like to see?”
“Yes! Ooh. Oooh. How much is that one?”
As the Gnoll brought out some of the ‘special’ puzzles from below his counter, Embria gazed at her father and then the puzzle she was holding. She stared at the puzzle and tried to copy what Relc had done. But when she flicked it, the little wire pieces just spun around without separating.
Frowning, Embria tried to figure out how the two pieces were supposed to disconnect—the gap didn’t seem large enough, but maybe if she twisted it so the thin side was going through…no, that didn’t work…why had he flicked it?
She was so engrossed in the puzzle that she didn’t notice time flying by. Or the Drake who suddenly appeared behind her.
“Embria?”
The Wing Commander turned. She blinked down at a shorter Drake, around her age—no, slightly younger. She had bright yellow scales and a huge smile. The Drake beamed at her.
“I thought so! Only one Drake I know has scales like yours. Embria, hi! It’s me! Drassi! Remember me?”
“Um. Hello?”
Embria stared blankly at Drassi. The Drake wasn’t familiar to her, but she acted like she was. She peered at the puzzle Embria was holding.
“I didn’t know you were into those metal puzzles! They’re really hard. But there’s an entire group of people who love to solve them. Especially the magic ones. Apparently even Archmages get stumped with some! I’m not one for puzzles myself, but I hear [Thieves] like them too. Say, Embria, how has it been? I’ve seen you about, but you’ve always been on the job and we never had a chance to catch up!”
