Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 43
Embria did. Whether it was Maksie provoking it or intuition…something like [Dangersense] stole over her. And in fact—Vell grunted.
“Wing Commander. My [Dangersense] just pinged me. Hard.”
Embria twisted in her saddle. She looked at Vell, then called out to Olesm.
“Commander, we’re getting…warning signs. Be advised, I’m expecting an ambush or something new.”
“Understood, Wing Commander. We’re braced. It looks like Hectval has called in reinforcements.”
It did indeed. Embria scanned the forces in the darkness for that odd group Maksie had spotted, but all she saw were [Light] spells, torches, and a lot of [Soldiers].
“Major push. It’ll be tight fighting.”
“I’m putting in a request to Liscor for our door and emergency forces. Just in case.”
Olesm’s voice was tight. Did he sense it? Embria sat up in her saddle, though she was watching for arrows. They were out of range as of yet, but…
What was that uneasy feeling? She shifted her grip on her enchanted spear. Something was out there.
“Charge! For Hectval!”
“Luldem’s walls—”
“In Drisshia’s—”
They didn’t even shout the same thing. Embria saw dull glints of metal as figures raced downhill, their armored tails skating across the ground. Looser formations, trying to keep pace. Scared faces behind the helmets.
Boys and girls. Gnolls in the front. They slammed into Liscor’s shields, and then she saw a line of figures, flailing, struggling to heave each other forwards, shouting…
Blood in the darkness. But once more, the attackers lost.
It was on the left side where their charge was forced back a step almost before it had come. The spectral arrows that landed among their ranks; the right side where screaming figures were tripping up their comrades, shouting about traps. Bear traps?
Wing Commander Embria wasn’t searching for a point to tear the charge to shreds, though. She was looking up at the hill.
The entire damn army’s coming down.
“They’re going in for a full attack. Commander, you seeing this?”
“They can’t even bring that to bear! They’ll be massed up!”
Bepol shouted in confusion. Olesm replied tersely.
“I see it. [Mages] will begin throwing [Fireballs]. Watch out.”
The army was clustering up, beginning to try to spread left and right around Liscor’s entrenched lines, but they were all heading down, save for their archers and mages. Embria’s eyes narrowed.
These are Antinium tactics. It was ludicrous, too. Their front ranks could fight Liscor’s forces, but everyone else would be bunched up, not fighting, and at risk of one [Fireball] exacting devastating losses.
Where is that group Maksie mentioned?
“Wikir! Take your side past the attackers and chop up their rear lines! Wipe out everything, including their command.”
“Aye, Wing Commander.”
He peeled off. In another battle, Embria would have elected to follow him and do as much damage, possibly even take out their commander.
However, she was growing more worried by the second. Where was it? It was out there. She had an instinct.
Relc, the Gecko of Liscor, had never talked about being a [Soldier] to his daughter when they went back to Liscor. Only as a girl while they traveled with the army did he tell her stories. One of the things that had kept her up at night was his comment about headhunters beside himself. Ambush teams.
“It’s like a feeling on your scales. They’re out there. They could be an innocent [Archer] or a green-as-grass Drake kid. Then they turn, and you see that you’re dead. They’re waiting for you. So you have to wait for them, even when you’re fighting.”
