Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 2
Crusader 51 returned to the Free Hive through their secret tunnel in the basement, walking past lines of Antinium waiting for their vow. Pawn had asked for volunteers, and he had gotten more than enough.
The rest of his day was a blur after that. Crusader 51 got his armor from a Prognugator, but not Bird or Klbkch or Ksmvr. Rather, it was an Antinium wearing armor, who showed a room of a hundred how to put the armor on and gave them weapons of steel.
Prognugator Tersk. There was also Dekass, two of the Armored Antinium’s Prognugators. They were like the Free Antinium…but also vastly different. For one thing, they wore armor. The Free Antinium had thought it was strange, wearing a second skin.
Now Crusader 51 wore armor, and it was heavy. He was given a sword, a shield, and a bow and quiver of arrows.
“You have thirty. Don’t lose them. You will participate in training cycles along with Liscor’s army. Follow your squad, which will be assigned to a battalion and serve under the Antinium division fighting in Liscor’s army.”
Prognugator Dekass was making sure the Antinium receiving weapons understood their role and how to holster their gear. This was far more complex than mere armor; the Armored Queen had sent many suits of armor, but the Free Antinium had provided a number of the armaments.
So—for once—when Crusader 51 looked around, he didn’t see identical Antinium. They were given shields, most of them, but they weren’t the same shields! Some were round, others kite-shaped, and they didn’t get the same weapons. One Antinium to his left was holding a big iron mace with beveled metal making odd raised hexagon patterns across the head of the round weapon.
The Antinium to Crusader 51’s right? He had a spear.
The oddity of weapons had Crusader 51 nervous—and that was before Dekass told him he was assigned to new duties. The Soldier froze.
Squad? He didn’t go with his regular Soldier grouping? Did that mean he had to wake up differently? He didn’t know these Soldiers and Workers! And—and—battalion? Division?
Crusader 51 didn’t know these terms. They sort of made sense, but if someone asked him what they meant? He began to panic.
The way Crusader 51 panicked was to freeze up. He locked into place, looking for something to hit in case that solved his problems. And he realized—the other new [Crusaders] looked much like him.
Uncertain. Which was dangerous. One, the one with the mace, was even trembling. Was he becoming Aberration? Crusader 51 had seen an Aberration, once. It had spoken, and it had been shaking and—
Dekass seemed to notice the Antinium’s uncertainty, because the Armored Prognugator spoke, and his tone was laden with impatient authority. The Armored Antinium—whose armor was painted, far nicer-looking than the armor Crusader 51 had gotten, and possibly even enchanted from the way it glittered mesmerizingly if you stared at it long enough—snapped his mandibles together.
“You are Squad 5 of Battalion 1! Bow-armed. Battalion 1 will carry bows and a one or two-armed weapon along with a shield. Keep moving. You will follow Pawn to the surface.”
The world righted itself. The Antinium in the room, all ten of them, looked around at each other. Squad 5 of Battalion 1?
Crusader 51 realized that was his name. 51. It was special! He straightened and, stowing his weapons as he’d been shown, began to walk after the first Antinium closest to the door.
