Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 39
The Drake looked around and saw a Gold-rank adventurer stumbling towards safety. Jewel’s hands were red with cold, and she was shivering nonstop—they must have been digging for two hours. The snow had turned to ice. Jokingly, Jewel had called for Keldrass.
…After twenty minutes of blowing fire, the Flamewardens had to retire, and the melted ice water froze almost as fast. The only reason the team had gotten the door to the keep excavated, some rooftop exit, was because of Maughin. The Dullahan had volunteered to help crack and shovel the ice, and he had worked tirelessly for two hours. Drassi herself was so cold her voice quavered.
“This might be dangerous—but I think we’re close to Erin’s limit. I—I think we have to take a look. Master Maughin?”
The Dullahan had frozen the moment he cracked the keep’s door open. He stood there, his personally-forged armor complementing his huge frame, but every Dullahan could see his expression change to naked apprehension. He turned to Drassi.
“I—dare not. I cede the first steps to you, [Reporter] Drassi. Please.”
The Drake was so cold she didn’t notice the way he spoke, just motioned the cameraperson after her. If she did…
Dullahans had such a complex culture of meaning and gestures. Even Kenjiro had trouble keeping up, but they didn’t expect as much from him. If you read into Maughin’s words, you’d see how embarrassing it was for him to countermand her offer. It was rude, especially since he had asked to be part of this. It was rude to General Dolost, perhaps, to let a Drake walk his keep first.
And yet—the entire garden was a kind of scandal. No—not quite a scandal. This was a complicated feeling.
It was like looking at a Dullahan without their armor on. Intimate. Embarrassing because of that. This was his personal Skill. A place so sacrosanct no one had seen it, possibly not even his closest companions.
But every Dullahan wanted to see what a legend of their people had created. They also feared it. Tulm the Mithril, the Seer of Steel—
The very existence of a [Garden of Sanctuary] for a [General] of their people implied…secrets. It implied there was something that was shameful that he couldn’t share with his people. At the very least, it implied he couldn’t trust the Iron Vanguard of that era with it.
So attention? Drassi might not have known it, but an entire species was watching her slowly trail through the keep. No wonder Maughin feared what he might find here.
“It’s…warmer inside. I don’t know how to describe this if you’re watching, but the air is just—warmer. I can’t even feel the cold from outside. I guess this is controlled magically somehow.”
Drassi’s shivering stopped. Her footsteps trailed through stone corridors. Not poor, lumpy stone, but there were no rugs. This really was like a hermitage; even for Dullahans, it was austere.
Everyone in Invictel watched as Drassi walked forwards. What had Dolost wanted to hide?
You see—it wasn’t going to be a flower garden. It wasn’t going to be his passion for woodworking. If you had something like that, you would show your lover, a friend—the most significant act for a Dullahan was to show the inner beauty or passion they had. The value was in the trust of that.
This was something never meant to be seen. Or if it was—it was something Dolost would never reveal to anyone but the closest people in his life. Drassi trailed past rooms, shining a wand into them.
“…I think we’re passing by a library. You see?”
