Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 23
“Don’t make us take off our hats, Typhenous. ‘Specially not here, with innocent children about.”
“Never here. But we would like to discuss the matter, as gentlemen might.”
Wilovan nodded. So did Typhenous. The two Gentlemen Callers saw the [Mage] relax—slightly.
“In that case—as a gentleman, which I hope you see me as—what should I say to assuage your suspicions, sirs?”
The two looked at each other. Wilovan nodded.
“Why it happened. And no lies, sir. Just the truth as you see fit to tell us. If it’s a poor truth—it must will out.”
Typhenous breathed in and out. And then he spoke, with all the honesty he could muster and as little artifice as he thought he was allowed.
“Would you accept that it was to prevent a certain inn and city from being sacked, Gentlemen Callers? Or at least to let this young [Innkeeper], the child she’s taken in, and her friends escape if an army claimed the city by fire and blood? I also gave your friends fair warning; even I didn’t expect them to be taken out so…quickly.”
The two Gentlemen Callers glanced at each other. A bit surprised by the response. Ratici checked something and nodded.
“Interesting. You told them all of it?”
Typhenous squirmed.
“I…may have under exaggerated some of it. But I told all in scope. They seemed to believe the er…Goblins…weren’t a threat. Which they were.”
“A death by omission. A terrible thing. But you claim it was to aid yon [Innkeeper]?”
Wilovan sat back with a pained sigh. Typhenous nodded, and Ratici glanced at Wilovan, but so swiftly the Plague Mage didn’t notice. The Gnoll spoke, lugubriously.
“We might accept that. Some of our members do not have the kind of vision to see where their actions affect the lives of innocent folk, which is, of course, a thing of honor. And that is a factor.”
“Nevertheless, a debt remains.”
Ratici pointed out quickly. Typhenous inhaled and exhaled. Wilovan nodded and pinched the bridge of his furry nose.
“You’d better tell us all of it, Plague Mage. But you’ve run up a debt. Which—frankly speaking, is how it goes. A debt to foil a theft. Which in turn incurs another debt which must be paid. Nothing comes free in our line of work. Tell me though: was it worth it?”
The other two, Drake and Human, listened and nodded. Nothing was for free in their world. Blood debts were avenged, same as money. Typhenous looked from face to face. And he had been tense. But now, in honesty, he spoke, almost relaxed.
“Gentlemen, I will do my best to tell you the truth, since I cannot lie. I most likely do owe a debt. But I do assure you it was to help a young woman who deserved no theft. To save an innocent life. A glorious one, no less.”
The Drake and the Gnoll looked at him. In another place, another circle, the words would have provoked laughter and derision. Mockery and disdain, because some people could buy a life with a gold coin or less. But the Gentlemen Callers just nodded and tipped their hats.
“Well said!”
They chorused, and then leaned forwards to collect. For a gentleman was a gentleman, but he always honored his debts.
 
—–
 
“It’s…good to see you. Again.”
Montressa du Valeross spoke stiffly to Ceria. The half-Elf nodded. Once.
“Yeah. How’s things?”
“We…sent Isceil’s remains to his family. Ulinde’s part of the Halfseekers and enjoying it. Beza and I—well, Palt too—we’re just at the inn. Doing a bit of Wistram work on the side. You know how it is.”
“…No, not really. Little assignments?”
The [Aegiscaster] shrugged.
“Yeah. Looking into things. Um. You’re looking good. Your aura’s strong. You’ve got it under control now, though.”
