Interlude – Two Rats
Page 33
“She did what was right! What was just! What I taught her to do!”
“She is a Gnoll! She is one of us!”
The Gnoll and Human glared at each other. [Armorer] and [Princess]. And Lyonette shouted as she swept up Mrsha in her arms. And it was a hug like no other, warm and fierce.
“She is not yours! How dare you claim her? Where were you when she first came here, when she was lost and afraid? When you judged her by her fur?”
And the Gnolls had no answer. But they looked at Zevara and Gnolls and Drakes who would fill the very same cells. And the [Princess] did not care. She held Mrsha to her and turned.
“Don’t you dare call her yours. Or Plains Gnoll. Or think you can tell me what she is. Because she is mine! My child and I am her mother! Mine! My daughter!”
She held Mrsha. And the child held her. And the prison was silent. But the [Princess] didn’t care. And the little Gnoll looked up. Of course she knew it was true. Silently, in her heart, it had always been so. But sometimes it needed to be said now and then. And that night, the [Princess] said it again and again.
“My daughter, no matter what comes to pass. My daughter, no Gnoll’s child but mine. Mine, no matter your past.”
And that was enough. Enough to make a bittersweet end of it all. In triumph, in tragedy, the Gnoll held her mother.
 
—-
 
This was the end of it. As Lyonette carried away Mrsha, who clung to her as if she’d never let go, she glared daggers at Raekea and the other Gnolls. And they watched her. Until she’d left, bearing away the Gnoll who was brave. Who was brave enough to do what was right.
Erin stood and looked down at the Minotaur. He was healing. But the marks of—torture—remained. You couldn’t paint over that with fancy words. Burnt skin. Holes in him, poked by spears and blade. She felt sick.
The young woman looked at the Gnolls. And they were full of hate. At Watch Captain Zevara, her face grim, speaking smoke. At Tkrn, who’d surrendered his spear to Relc.
“Disaster. Disastrous. This could all have been avoided. Look at it! Honest Drakes and Gnolls. And imprisonment? Stripped of their duties for doing what they saw as right? How can we call this justice?”
That came from a Drake, sighing and clucking over the entire mess. As if it weren’t his fault. Erin whirled and Lism looked away. And it was Olesm’s face she met. Disappointed. Haunted. But not ashamed, per se. And Erin ground her teeth together. But it was Watch Captain Zevara who paused and looked his way.
“Shopkeeper Lism. One more word and I will arrest you for this entire ordeal. This was caused by your provocation. Your words.”
Lism opened his mouth to protest. Zevara spat smoke.
“One word.”
He eyed her and closed his mouth. Raekea spat. She still hadn’t had enough. From fury at Mrsha not telling Krshia first to hatred over Calruz, she smoldered with it.
“That doesn’t change what he’s done. Krshia! Are you really going to support keeping him alive?”
“I think I must. Although I see no goodness and rather much foolishness in it.”
The [Shopkeeper] glared at Erin. And Erin glared back. She glared at her friend, who was right and also wrong. If. If there was a chance—
But it was the same argument. The same old dance. And into that conversation, into the silence, stepped a Minotaur. He stood up in his cell. And his fur was burnt away. His blood still fresh.
“I won’t deny my guilt. Kill me and be done with it all. It seems I bring dishonor to everyone I meet.”
