Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 35
Klbkch started. A smaller mouth in one of Wrymvr’s maws. The…eyes…winked at him as the vast Antinium regarded Klbkch.
“Of course I am, Wrymvr.”
“You do not seem to be.”
Klbkch was astonished by the statement. Then—he saw what Wrymvr saw.
A slight, unique Antinium with considerable alterations to the standard Worker build. Bearing two swords. Not nearly as impressive as Wrymvr or Xrn’s forms. So different from when they had left home.
And also—the dissonance in how Wrymvr saw Klbkch. Form, without substance. Like an empty shell. That was how the Centenium thought of it.
“Ah.”
That was the blessing of the True Antinium and what had stopped the war between the first Hives of proto-Antinium before the First Queen had unified them.
See through my eyes. See my perspective. It made them closer than individuals trying to explain with faulty words what language had no expressions for. A people.
“I see what you mean. One moment.”
Klbkch stood there a moment. He had indeed been off. Though he had not realized it himself. Klbkch—it had been exceedingly odd to fight representatives of the Walled Cities. For Senior Guardsman Klbkch, that was.
The Slayer had no such qualms.
“Ready?”
The Centenium turned.
“Ready. Stick to the plan. Try not to die, Wrymvr.”
The other Antinium laughed as they emerged.
 
—-
 
“Everything’s going too well.”
Saliss looked around. Sixswords didn’t answer him. The other adventurers, Gold-rank and Named, slowed.
They were crossing towards the border of the Hivelands. Saliss’ scales were prickling. It wasn’t a Skill, but intuition. [Dangersense]—was little use here. The Hivelands were danger.
They’d nearly made it. The Antinium were pursuing, but as anyone could have told you, they’d fallen behind the Skills and spells and potions increasing the adventurers’ speed. Saliss shook his head.
He hadn’t stopped running as he repeated himself. Sixswords adjusted his grip. He looked up at Mivifa flying overhead with Feathi. They were flying past some large cumulonimbus clouds in the sky.
“Stick to the plan.”
“I could have run in there myself, blown everything to bits and run away. But no…you’re all so fragile.”
Saliss grumbled. He was the only nudist here; even Feathi wore custom armor made for Pegasi. But he felt like most of the others were naked.
“[Ambush Commander] reports all’s in readiness. Let’s go.”
One of the Gold-rank Captains snapped, coming off a brief exchange with the camp. Saliss gritted his teeth.
“Just get ready, alright?”
He ran with the group of adventurers as they surged ahead. Above them, Mivifa and Feathi were looking ahead. They flew into the large clouds above. Saliss’ head snapped up.
“Mivi?”
She vanished. The Drake stopped in his tracks. His claws blurred.
Damn. Potion of Jumping, Potion of Levitation could give him—
“Saliss?”
Sixswords and Shriekblade halted. Saliss drew two glowing potions from his belt.
Lightning. It was so damn hard to fight in the skies. Damn, damn, damn—they should have made Shriekblade or Saliss ride with Mivifa!
“Up there! Aim up—”
He pointed towards the cloud. The others whirled. Bows rose, wands pointed. Mivifa—
…Emerged from the clouds. She saw the adventurers braced, and swooped down.
“What’s wrong?”
“Oh. I thought—something was lurking up there.”
Saliss lowered the potions he’d been about to quaff. The [Flier] gave him a long look as the other adventurers relaxed, swearing.
“I send tracer spells into each cloud, Saliss. It was empty.”
“Sorry. I was just thinking of something that could fly.”
