Interlude – Lifting Ants
Page 10
But now Saliss was teaching her, and Octavia was all for that. He wanted to try identifying the base components of the potion, and he had a number of ways to separate or isolate particular compounds. But finding every ingredient and how they’d been mixed, blended, burned, boiled, or otherwise transmuted would be a terribly long task.
“Alright, we’re rendering one sample and we’ll see if air-drying takes this other one. Shame we can’t try it; but tasting it is a last resort for me. If I had more, I’d try more risky procedures, but every drop counts.”
Saliss had a few clear glass petri dishes of liquid secured in a rack. Then he turned to Octavia and leaned on the counter.
“So, what gossip do you have?”
“Excuse me, Master?”
Octavia paused in the middle of taking notes. She looked up, alarmed. Saliss grinned and winked.
“What? We’re going to have to wait on some rendering to hopefully get a base component out of the samples. While we do—let me have you make me your best healing potion. And you can gossip with me about more fun stuff in that inn. Or Nerrhavia. Unless you need to focus?”
“Not at all? I—gossip?”
Saliss shrugged.
“I mean, do you have anything better to do? Sometimes I sing, or dance. If you want to do that, I’m all for it!”
He struck a pose and began to do a slow hop across the floors, circling his hips. Octavia blinked, and then smiled. She’d forgotten what it was like to be an apprentice, talking while she brewed.
“I do know some gossip from Nerrhavia. I haven’t returned in nearly five years, but I get [Messages]…”
“Aha! Nerrhavia gossip is the best [Alchemist] gossip! Tell me everything!”
It was strange to do it with a master, but Saliss was someone you could talk to. He came back over and grinned and Octavia reached for a jar of Eir Gel. She looked around conspiratorially, as if she and her [Alchemist] apprentice friends were gossiping together.
“Well…do you know Master Therel?”
“That stuck-up Stitch-Man? Pioneer of the puresand-cleansing process and the Flashfreeze Orb? Lover of ten thousand women? That’s what he kept telling me every time I met him.”
Saliss’ eyes twinkled. Octavia nodded.
“Well, he was caught in bed with one of his lovers by his wife just last month. And she sliced off his uh, genitals.”
“Ooh!”
Octavia nodded.
“The very same ones that were apparently sewn with gold-fiber and gem-thread that came from across Zeikhal, and were said to have pleased a thousand women before landing him the hand of the fairest [Veiled Consort] in all of Nerrhavia.”
“Who did the cutting. Just to be clear, he could get a new one, right? He’s a Stitch-Man if I recall. If he’s not, this is a dark story.”
The Stitch-Girl smiled.
“Definitely, and yes, Master Therel is a Stitch-Man. Cotton-caste, originally. But this was his prized, er, jewels. His wife got the jewels, too.”
“Ouch. And? And?”
“Then she sewed them onto a camel’s backside, and sent it racing into the desert. It was said Master Therel was seen racing after it with all his [Bodyguards], as his fabulous treasure was seen flapping in the open air.”
Saliss rolled on the floor laughing. Octavia laughed too, and then paused.
“Well, if you think that was bad, wait till you hear what happened to the lover…”
 
—-
 
A little while later, Grimalkin of Pallass, the Fist Mage, the [Sinew Magus], gave a lecture to a scrying mirror he held in one claw. It was a variation of the one he’d given his audience earlier, cut down a bit to make it more punchy and less academic after a few suggestions.
