Interlude – Krshia
Page 28
Krshia nodded. She did have a plan. It had come to her when she had looked at Mrsha and been jealous.
“We do what neither Drakes nor Humans can do. Drakes think they know unity and order? They form spear walls in battle and stand tail-to-tail. But only their soldiers, only in war. But Gnolls are one pack, one people. We are never alone. So let us run about this city of stone and prop it up. If the walls crack, we will hold them up. With more than just words.”
The other Gnolls blinked. Krshia took a deep breath.
“I propose a gathering of magic. I propose a spell.”
The others immediately looked towards Mrsha. Beilmark, who had been all the way behind Krshia up till now, protested.
“A gathering is a serious thing, Krshia. If it fails it would shatter spirits. And the Drakes would notice. They may object. Besides, the most important issue is who will guide the spell? The child? Surely she is too young, and this is not something she would know.”
“I know. I will guide the spell. I was apprenticed to be a [Shaman], once. I can perform it.”
Krshia spoke simply. The other Gnolls blinked. Mrsha, sitting in Beilmark’s lap, looked at Krshia with wide eyes. The [Shopkeeper] smiled at Mrsha.
“You know magic, Mrsha child. But it is the magic of books and [Mages]. But today, I think, we will show you the magic of Gnolls.”
She turned and looked around the room. Then Krshia cupped her paws together. Elirr was the first to move. He stood up and walked slowly over to Krshia. He placed his paws in hers and smiled. The two said nothing, did nothing Mrsha could see. But then Elirr took his paws away. And then, shimmering in the midst of Krshia’s cupped grip was a speck of light.
 
—-
 
At first it was the tiniest of things. So small that Mrsha almost thought it was her imagination. But as Krshia went around, touching her hands to each of the other Gnolls in the room, the spark seemed to pass to each of them, so all eleven representatives held a tiny glowing…
What was it? Mrsha squinted, but Krshia shooed her away.
“Not yet, Mrsha. I do not know how [Mages] interact with such things.”
She closed her hands and the spark vanished. Mrsha thought it had gone out, but something told her the Gnoll had just hidden it away from sight. So had the others. Elirr bent, smiling, and Beilmark straightened her armor.
“I should get back on patrol. I’ll take those of us on duty. Elirr, I suppose you’ll have to leave your shop, yes?”
The Gnoll nodded.
“Too few will visit me. I will go down the residential streets and visit the families. Fashia will join me. But I think Raekea and Krshia may stay in their places.”
“Yes. I will open my stall. Send whomever wishes to argue to me.”
“Or me.”
Beilmark and Krshia nodded. The other Gnolls agreed, discussing things like where to meet and who would go where. It was confusing to Mrsha. They had a plan, but she didn’t understand it. They were going to stay in Liscor, to fight. And they had a plan to…reassure the people? The Gnolls all agreed it must be done. Then they did a curious thing, something Mrsha didn’t understand.
They went back to work.
At least, Krshia did. She marched Mrsha back to her stall and briskly opened up shop. Market street was still mostly empty, and people were nervously talking rather than buying. But Krshia just stood in her stall and began calling out to customers, Drakes and Humans alike.
“Hello, my stall is open! Miss Fauscale, I did not see you this morning. Are you still in need of things to write with?”
An elderly Drake jumped as Krshia waved to her, beaming. She trundled over.
