Interlude – Food and Growth
Page 4
Still—the Walled City of Oteslia grew the stuff. It grew everything. Oteslia was known as the City of Growth. It was Izril’s agricultural giant, a place at the height of green tech.
…The city was also poorest of all the Walled Cities. By a lot. People told jokes. Oteslia might have been rich in crops, but that was a bad thing in, well, a world where a single Level 30 [Farmer] could harvest his fields six times more than someone from Erin’s world.
Oteslia grew cash crops, and it did export produce cheap. But it just wasn’t Salazar, with gemstones, or the huge trading and naval power of Zeres, magical or mundane might from Fissival or Manus, or at the cutting edge like Pallass.
That was not to say Oteslia wasn’t nice. It just wasn’t essential. If Pallass fought with other cities, they could stop exporting steel and that would be felt. Manus had a vast army; if Salazsar hired mercenaries, they hired mercenaries.
If Oteslia got into a fight, their enemies just bought food from elsewhere. The City of Growth did buy goodwill; they had saved more than one city from starvation when disaster threatened with free shipments of food.
But those were cities which needed food, so Oteslia was something of a hero among the…smaller cities. Not the kind you wanted to back you in a huge, continent-wide political fight.
And ‘poorest’ of the Walled Cities was still richer than most. Oteslia’s main concerns year by year were ensuring good harvests—and fighting off monsters.
Swarms of locusts, Crelers, hungry birds, predators of every kind loved Oteslia. To that end, the Walled City employed [Druids], [Gardeners], and a lot of specialists in numbers. The Walled City was also famous for its Pegasus population—the largest in the world.
All of that meant that the City of Growth had a rather layered design. Like the vast, central tree that had grown in the center of the city that people now built into, the City of Growth built upwards. Down was hard; the city was surrounded by a vast lake, a defense, source of water, and entertainment for the people.
But the colorful buildings were often shaded by canopies like the branches of the central tree, the Heart of Oteslia. The canopies were beautiful and also prevented accidents involving Pegasi relieving themselves at high altitudes—or the many birds that lived in the city. Oteslia had the largest Gnoll-to-Drake population of any Walled City.
It also had a secret.
 
—-
 
A group of [Strategists] were making for the Walled City. Not on foot; they had rented a wagon, along with horses. The wagon was for Wil Kallinad.
And Yerranola. Any movement disturbed her; the Selphid was fighting the poison eating away at her body. Their progress was slower than they wanted to keep her from being disturbed. But it was also fast as they could make it.
Oteslia had [Druids]. It also had experts in antidotes. It might take them time to synthesize something—but there was hope there.
They were being pursued. Twice now, they’d come under attack. Venaz, Feshi, Peki, and Merrik had fought off the attackers already; the Drowned Folk trying to reclaim the blades and the [Mercenaries]—hired by someone else after the Diamond Swords of Serept the three [Strategists] carried—had failed to take them.
A Minotaur with [Haste] permanently cast on him, Feshi’s ability to summon dangerous undead, and Wil’s three clones all made the group difficult for anyone short of a Gold-rank to take on. But they were coming. The first attacks had only been to test their mettle.
