Interlude – Chess and Ships
Page 2
She was genuinely frustrated. Because she’d lost due to a careless move of her knight—she hadn’t spotted how in two moves it could turn into an unavoidable loss of a piece. She glowered at the board as she sat in place.
“Damn, drat, darn—uh, dingus…”
The [Innkeeper] cursed mildly. Behind Erin, the garden door slowly closed. Ekirra, Mrsha, and Visma, who’d been playing and about to jump at Erin and surprise her, closed the door. Mrsha took her paws off Ekirra’s ears, and Visma took her claws off her earholes. They looked at each other. Ekirra opened his mouth.
“Damn!”
 
—-
 
More chess-texting after that. Erin silently tapped her knight on the board and then spelled out—
 
gg! noice mves!
have tme fr anther?
y! : )
 
Erin wanted revenge. She didn’t get it. The second game of speed-chess was a draw. She sighed, but then began to write.
 
no tme mre gmes.
too bd. do u knw mre chss gmes?
 
Erin nodded. She chewed her lip, and then spelled out carefully.
 
u cn ply w/6-side brd! hexagon! is fun!
 
She had no idea if her opponent understood that. There was a pause.
 
hexagon brd?
yus!
intrstng. may make. Snd to u?
no! 2 expnsive!
is ok. hve money.
oo! r u advtrer?
 
A pause. Erin had asked a question like this before.
 
once.
 
And the answer made her sit forwards. Excitedly.
 
wow! mnstrs r scry!
ys.
do u hte mnsters 2?
nt a fn. evr c Crelers?
: /
?
ys! evil! adult bad!
adult? you met? 
frnds. : (
: (
Bt surved~!
: ) elder wrse
O_O
 
It was short, their chats after a game. Erin sensed her opponent was coyer than she. And—they were picking up her shorthand, even her little faces, which she could actually spell out in the form of faces on the board.
“Erin! Break’s over!”
Lyonette called up the stairs. Erin sighed. Her hands moved quickly.
 
gd cht! gtg, mking fd! ply tomrow sm tme?
of course
c u thn! (•◡•) /
 
And then Erin Solstice got up and went back to work. In the Garden of Sanctuary, Ekirra ran around shouting his new favorite word. Apista drank from the ordinary flowers, and Visma and Mrsha collected their favorite flowers, talking about which ones they’d put in Mrsha’s garden.
It was a quiet day, a good one. And Erin had had a good chat with her mysterious opponent. She still didn’t know who they were, but she was getting to know them.
And she had no idea what consternation and chaos her words produced.
 
—-
 
“See, that! What is that?”
Niers Astoragon paced back and forth in front of the go board. He pointed at the little emoji Erin had left.
“Mm. Looks like a little person waving.”
Foliana waved back. The Squirrel Beastkin was reclining in a hammock.
In her room. Foliana had multiple rooms, all devoted to herself. In this one she had a hammock she liked to rest in and eat food. The [Rogue] stared down at Niers Astoragon.
He’d moved to playing in her room. Normally, Niers hated how Foliana would bother him, or even move his pieces for him, but he had tolerated, even demanded her presence today. He turned his head to the Centauress kneeling on the magical grass beside her.
Foliana’s room was much like Erin’s garden, in that she’d had grass, plants, even trees imported and then magically grown in her room, so she could perch on high branches overhead. Archmage Nailihuaile herself had been paid to enlarge the room’s dimensions so this could take place, and Foliana sometimes sat on a branch high overhead. But that wasn’t interesting, much less to Niers Astoragon, the Titan of Baleros at this moment.
“Look at it, Foliana. Perorn. Do you think that’s a female hand writing that?”
