Interlude – Dancing and Brawling
Page 8
Really, though? They weren’t even saying they were…anything. But two men dancing—or two women—was enough? Ryoka sat, fuming, as the scrying orb changed again. She stared darkly at the orb.
A rather flustered [Mage] was standing in an empty classroom. He conjured a glowing ball of orange fire in one hand and spoke to the camera.
“And now, we shall begin a study of magic spells for those neophy—er, self-taught [Mages] abroad. I am Mage Rievan, and I will be going through one of our advanced lessons in spellcasting. Which is but one of the many of the magical theories taught in Wistram—”
“Bullshit! Give me my dancing!”
Ryoka was then ejected from the Mage’s Guild. She found herself outside, and raised two fingers to the guild’s doors, and then the sky to express her vexation. She stomped away as Fierre hurried after her.
“Hey Fierre, do you have another scrying orb?”
“It’s on my to-buy list, but I don’t have one, Ryoka. Most of my money went to rebuilding my shop and getting more contacts—why were you so mad?”
The young woman was about to have a talk with Fierre about gender—did she even know half of what was common knowledge on Earth?—when she caught sight of a [Fistfighter] striding her way.
Alber hadn’t come for the scrying orb. He was in fact, bare-chested, and he was sweaty. Ryoka eyed him. Fierre eyed his neck. Alber waved at Ryoka.
“Griffin, there you are. Are you going to show me the rest of those punches yet? I tried that other technique you showed me. But I need a sparring partner.”
Ryoka relaxed. This at least was a welcome change of late. She had begun teaching Alber some of the boxing theory from her world that she knew. And he had obliged her by knocking her flat a few times. He was a [Fistfighter] and she had no class, after all, but the two had a mutual appreciation of hitting things.
They were almost like friends. And it was an easier relationship than with Fierre. Ryoka grinned at Alber.
“Sure. Give me one second? Can you do a flicker jab already? Really?”
Alber grinned. He was already good enough to fight with Silver-rank adventurers—barehanded—and Ryoka teaching him about the priority of using jabs first and so on meant that he was getting more dangerous with each practice session.
“Like snapping a towel? I think so. Come check my form.”
She nodded. Alber jogged off—the importance of roadwork was something else that Ryoka had told him about. Strong lower body. Fierre glared at his back.
“I could knock him out, fancy moves or not.”
“Vampires don’t count. If you boxed, you’d be even more dangerous than you are.”
“Hmf, well, I guess they won’t let us back in there.”
Fierre looked at the Mage’s Guild. She sighed as Ryoka began to stretch.
“You and Alber like hitting each other too much. At least the kids are gone.”
Ryoka paused and grimaced. That was true. There had been…difficulties of late. And she was grateful for Fierre and Alber’s forbearance in hard times. She said as much and Fierre scowled.
“Don’t talk to me about them. They’re probably dead three miles south of here. Ambushed by rabbits.”
“Hey. Look—”
The City Runner began to defend them. Then she gave up. She shook her head.
“…I should probably send Erin a [Message], telling her…damn. I should probably send a [Message]. And gold. And ask about Mrsha.”
