Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 14
Umina blushed. She’d chosen her best dress for the occasion. She had to! It didn’t feel right to just stroll into the Professor’s office otherwise. And Wil had clearly done the same. He was wearing a doublet and expensive-looking leggings that out priced Umina’s best wardrobe a few times over. He hadn’t applied scale polish like she had, though.
Wil tugged at the ruff nervously and coughed.
“This was all I had. I know it’s stuffy, but I thought…”
He gestured lamely at Umina’s dress and she nodded. It fit the occasion. The two climbed the stairs, ascending higher. The classrooms occupied the two bottom floors of the citadel. But higher were the quarters of the Forgotten Wing Company’s staff. Niers Astoragon and Foliana both lived here when they weren’t away.
There were guards too. Selphids, mainly. They let Wil and Umina pass; usually students were barred from the third floor or higher. One winked at Umina.
“Congratulations, you two!”
“Thank you.”
“Don’t let the Titan pull another prank on you!”
“We’ll try.”
Wil tried to smile. But his walk was growing increasingly more disjointed, staccato. Umina felt just as rattled. He began to speak again distractedly as they climbed another staircase.
“You know, it really was kind of him to give me the right to ask a question. You won.”
“I—cheated. Really, you gave me the distraction.”
Wil shook his head adamantly.
“A win’s a win. That’s what the Professor teaches us. I’m just grateful I can ask—”
He broke off. The two paused on the seventh floor. The Titan’s quarters lay here. Wil looked seriously at Umina.
“I didn’t say it in the bar, but I really am grateful for the opportunity to ask, Umina. If I hadn’t won a question, I’d have embarrassed my family and all the effort they put into helping me. I’m glad both of us get to ask.”
“Me too.”
Umina smiled at Wil. He wasn’t her closest friend, but she felt a strong sense of connection with him in this moment. His uncertainty and nerves reflected her own. They were birds of a feather, with respect to Peki.
The Titan’s door was very, very large. Or so it felt. It was large enough to accommodate a Centaur, so it had a towering impression. Umina and Wil stared up at it.
It was silly. Both knew that Niers didn’t even use this door, but a personal one through the Fraerling-ways. Even so, the door alone gave Umina butterflies. Slowly, she knocked.
“Professor? It’s us. Umina and Wil.”
She waited. There was no sound from within. After a moment, Umina knocked again.
No response. She glanced at Wil. Were they early? But the young man’s lips had compressed into a line.
“I think—Professor?”
He hesitated, and knocked louder. There wasn’t so much as a peep from inside. Wil glanced at Umina, pointed to the door, and mouthed silently. She groaned.
“He wouldn’t—”
“He would absolutely do that. I’ll do it.”
Wil squared his shoulders and put one palm on the doorknob. He turned it and Umina held her breath.
“Unlocked.”
Wil looked at Umina. Then, pale-faced, he pushed the door open. Umina saw only darkness beyond. She inhaled. Oh no, he really was gone—
And then there was a flare of light. A shimmering orb of [Light] filled a glass orb in the center of the room. And the soft radiance illuminated a table.
Just a table. On the far wall there were shelves, huge shelves but tiny papers. An archive meant for someone far smaller than Wil and Umina. A painting hung above a scrying orb; another wall held what looked like an armory in miniature.
