Interlude – Chocolate Alchemy
Page 16
“What? Oh, no, food’s different. I pay for food. As for the chocolate—I accept your offer. And I’ll trade you for this.”
He reached for his bag of holding and produced something. Erin blinked as a swirling mixture of separate bands of color appeared in her palms. Saliss pointed at it.
“That’s a Potion of Speed. You need to get away fast? Drink that. You can probably outrun most people. Take an Invisibility Potion too. You can split it several ways; it’ll just last a minute or two if you do.”
He handed another bottle of…nothing. It didn’t even look full, but something sloshed about when Erin took it. She stared at Saliss.
“Wait. What?”
“Chocolate.”
He winked at her and lifted the bag. Erin’s jaw dropped. Saliss of Lights shrugged.
“I’m rich. I’ll trade you more for chocolate. Or buy it. I’ll buy all of it. Do you have more?”
And he winked at Erin. And something in her said that he was serious. And lying to her as well. Part of Erin calmly looked at Saliss.
If she had come with nothing, he might have given her the potions anyways.
 
—-
 
Saliss and Erin made a strange pair going back to the door to Pallass. The [Guards] certainly didn’t stop him, although they gave Erin a strange look for associating with him. But Erin was too busy focusing on Saliss, or rather, inspecting him.
When the Drake appeared in the inn, it was a busy time, heading towards evening. Chocolate-mania was in full swing, but the entire inn still stopped when Saliss strode into the common room and posed.
“Gah! What is that?”
A Gnoll choked on his food. Saliss turned, waving his arms.
“Hello, everyone! What a lovely crowd!”
“Put some clothes on, you freak!”
“A pervert! Relc, get him!”
“Hold on, isn’t that—”
Amid the chaos, Lyonette pushed forwards. She had the finger of authority, twice as angry because Ekirra and Visma’s family were here and staring.
“No clothes, no service!”
“But I heard you have chocolate. I have gold.”
Saliss had spotted the chocolate cake, cookies, and other treats on display. He reached out and started dropping gold coins onto the counter. Lyonette stared at him. The Named Adventurer grinned. Lyonette looked at Erin. The [Innkeeper] shrugged.
“He’s got gold. You gonna kick him out?”
“Yeah.”
Saliss leaned on the counter. He grinned and looked sideways at Erin. Lyonette spluttered.
“I’m happy to serve you, um, Mister Oliwing. But could you at least wear a towel? We’ll provide the towel. But—”
“Chocolate.”
“Excuse me?”
“Chocolate.”
Erin echoed Saliss, solemnly.
“Chocolate.”
 
—-
 
Octavia Cotton emerged from her room late to dinner. Like usual, she obeyed her stomach, wondering why it was so empty and hungry. She’d been doing a bit of experimenting in her room since it was fairly blast proof.
She was lightheaded with hunger, so she went to the first spot at the bar. The staff knew her, so Octavia soon had a plate of beef stroganoff in front of her. She ate hungrily—and only noticed the naked Drake after a few minutes.
He was naked. Completely. Octavia paused mid-chew and stared at Saliss. The Named Adventurer was eating a blue fruit salad; he’d already had a bit of pizza.
“Uh—”
“Don’t mind me. Just grabbing some pepper. Adds to the taste, you know? The tongue gets old after tasting ingredients.”
The Drake tossed a few flakes onto his salad. Octavia blinked at him. She eyed the Drake and caught on to the last word.
“Wait, you do [Alchemy]?”
“That’s right.”
