Interlude – Paradigm Shift (Pt. 1)
Page 4
Tyrion controlled his temper and took it from another angle with effort. He closed his eyes, then spoke.
“To speak with a Drake is…acceptable. A [Captain], a [Merchant]—none of these things would give me pause. To negotiate with the ruling body of Drakes, however, in any… conciliatory effort is wrong. Does that make sense, Sammial?”
“No. Why is it bad?”
Sammy kicked his legs under the table, glancing around impatiently. There were far, far more interesting things to do than be told what he’d heard a thousand times. He didn’t seem to understand that the more questions he asked, the longer he’d be lectured. He glanced towards the other head of the small table as his father took a breath.
“Drakes are not to be trusted, at least where the interests of our House and that of the north align. They protect their species, as we must ours.”
“So I can’t trust them?”
“No.”
“Why not a nice one?”
Sammial scratched at his nose. His father took a long, long breath. Then another.
“We are—technically—still in a state of war with the Drakes. Thus, each Drake is potentially an enemy, Sammial Veltras. Not in practice, but you should not trust any of them. Is that clear?”
Sammial scowled, but another nudge from Hethon and he might have nodded, just to be done with the conversation. However, at that precise moment, someone else leaned into the conversation, unable to help herself.
“No Drakes at all? What about…Saliss of Lights?”
Ryoka Griffin knew it was a bad idea. She’d improved on her temper, her fat mouth, she really had! Sometimes though…old Ryoka jumped out.
Hethon could kick Sammial under the table, but Jericha, hovering by the small breakfast party, could not. If she could, she probably would have done a running kick straight into Ryoka’s lower back.
Lord Tyrion’s head rotated slowly. He looked about to snap—then seemed to realize that Ryoka was not Sammial. Hethon stared at the Wind Runner as Tyrion had to rapidly reorganize his thoughts.
“I am—aware of my debt to certain individuals, Miss Ryoka. However, I remind you that Saliss of Lights is a Named Adventurer who has fought alongside Pallass’ army.”
“So you wouldn’t trust him at all? Or speak to him?”
Ryoka suppressed a smile as Lord Tyrion hesitated and glanced at his children, whom Saliss of Lights had himself saved. Sammy and Hethon both looked at their father, then at Ryoka. Jericha’s teeth ground together.
“—Magnolia Reinhart is a separate issue from House Veltras. It may be she has some scheme in any case. Just be aware of House Reinhart’s penchant for underhandedness, Hethon, Sammial.”
Lord Tyrion neatly escaped the closing verbal trap and turned to Ryoka.
“Miss Ryoka, would you care to speak with me in the…parlor?”
He glanced around. This was not the keep; they were on another holding of House Veltras, having yet to return home at their far more leisurely pace when Ryoka found them. Ryoka opened her mouth as she nodded, but Hethon and Sammial burst in.
“No fair! She promised she’d let us fly!”
“Sammial! Behave yourself!”
Ryoka saw Tyrion glare at his son. However, everyone knew that when Sammial wanted something…Ryoka lifted her left hand.
“I can let the two fly about. Any kids who want to as well. It’s no trouble.”
“If your business is urgent…”
“After, then. I could even kick a soccer ball around with them. From the television? I think I have one or two in my bag of holding. Souvenirs.”
“Really?”
The two boys were agog. Tyrion himself raised his brows.
“That would be quite acceptable. My sons had been asking Jericha to procure them. Might we purchase one?”
