Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 12
Not a paradise, but a splendiferous city that occasionally came under attack. The closest example might be First Landing, or a Walled City.
To Luan, though, it was the closest thing to a city from Earth he had ever seen. A modern city, with countless indications of technology beyond what most could accomplish. No dirt streets. It was either wood, long-smoothed from where it had been cut, or metal walkways, or…ceramics.
He stared down at laminated tiles, like that which you might find in a mall! Paeth was massive; there were even skyscrapers built into the heart of the tree.
The Fraerlings had hollowed out their tree. The walls were the hollowed out trunk, but Noa had not lied; some dimensional magic was at work here, because there was no way this would all normally fit inside.
The city within stretched up, and up, and Luan saw the center was the remnants of the wood, turned into buildings, while entire blocks and floors had been constructed in other places. If you could fly, you might well go up most of the tree without needing a galift—although it wasn’t a straight shot in most places.
Some windows let in light from the outside world, but most of the lighting was artificial. Magical. That was what made Luan stare.
Fraerlings had copied much of Earth’s conveniences—with magic. The first thing he saw as the galift’s doors opened was a sign of what was to come.
A harried-looking group of Fraerlings were making for the lift. Some had tools, or cases with supplies, others were clearly [Mages], [Alchemists]—Luan was grateful not to be able to smell, because as they rushed past Ekrn and Noa, the two Fraerlings held their noses and the group of people heading to work groaned as the [Alchemist] moved in.
“I’m sorry! Skunk gland—”
“Hold the galift! Hold the galift, please!”
It was like a scene from Earth, albeit somewhat of a cliché. Here came someone, who, while not exactly wearing a suit, had on a piece of formal attire. Fraerling dress, Luan would later realize, was more fashion than function for the inner world. They could style their hair, so even their ‘business people’ chose attractive, trendy outfits.
Still, give this Fraerling a briefcase and pop him into a black suit and tie, and Luan would have thought he was normal in any city on Earth. Okay—also dye his white hair and red tips that stuck up and reminded him of a paintbrush.
Luan saw the doors of the galift closing and the unfortunate Fraerling wasn’t going to pull the doors open; they were sealed hard to let the gas-elevator work. Nor were the Fraerlings willing to wait with the smelly [Alchemist].
The Fraerling was running too slow; he was no [Athlete]. However, as he realized this, he gasped, murmured something—and Luan saw his feet blur towards the elevator.
The man zoomed into the gap, nearly colliding, and turned, beaming smugly. The others sighed. Luan stared. The man stared back at the eyeball in the jar as if Luan was the weird thing—and only mildly weird at that.
“What was that? An artifact? Boots of Speed?”
I want one! Luan’s inner desires began to spill forth. This. This was what he’d dreamed of when he came to this world. Magic! Anime! He loved anime. It was a hobby…that was how he’d picked up enough Japanese to talk to Ken and Aiko.
Ekrn dashed his hopes with a laugh.
“Boots of Speed? Nah. You think that fellow would buy that? If we could get Boots of Speed that easily, I’d arm every Tallguard with them before a single Inner, no matter how much they squawked.”
“Ah. A Skill, then. [Can’t Be Late for Work]?”
Luan was deflated. Obviously, obviously. Noa shook her head.
