Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 20
High Command didn’t exactly susurrate. They weren’t the susurrating type. But they did exchange significant looks. Chaldion sighed.
“High Command, we will recess for five minutes.”
The others didn’t need to be told twice. Well, Duln did nudge Edellein before the [General] heaved himself out of the room. Saliss was staring up at the ceiling.
“You can’t make me this time.”
Chaldion didn’t immediately reply. Both of them knew how this worked.
“Six.”
“No.”
“Six and three months is my offer.”
The Drake stared upwards.
“It’s not a give and take.”
But of course—it was. No one had to say ‘or else’. Chaldion leaned on his staff.
“Three months. I’ll have the entire City Watch devoted to other matters. You cannot refuse this time, Saliss. The [Generals] will not stand for it.”
“They can eat my tail. I can always leave the city.”
That was an empty threat. Chaldion shook his head.
“Six Drakes on the wanted lists, three months.”
“You couldn’t order them to stop, could you? But I forget—‘you can’t do everything, even as Grand Strategist.’ Eat your tail, old man.”
Saliss flashed Chaldion a bitter look.
“That is the most I can do without making it overt, Saliss.”
The [Grand Strategist] saw the Drake make a few gestures at him.
“I hate you, old man.”
“That is fine with me. Stay at that inn. Make friends with the Antinium. They are not the same ones as the Hivelands produces. You are not being ordered to attack the [Strategist], Anand, for that reason. Or the other individuals in Liscor.”
Saliss paused.
“That would be—”
“I vetoed those suggestions.”
“You?”
“The Antinium are not a united threat. Liscor has always been the wildcard Hive. These Steelclads are a threat—if only to morale.”
The [Alchemist] stared up at the ceiling. When he did speak, it was without looking at Chaldion.
“Why don’t you have the guts to order me to destroy the Grand Hive? Because I could. I could probably get a Queen. Even if one of the Prognugators is there.”
The old Drake sat there. His eyes flickered. Cold—and terribly intelligent. Saliss did not like Chaldion and the feeling was mutual. But they were both aware of what the other could do.
“The Walled Cities will need Saliss of Lights in the decades after I am dead. Even more than they need to destroy the Antinium’s Hives. You are Pallass’ pride and greatest [Soldier]. And their greatest disgrace. Try to act like the hero some of our citizens believe you to be.”
The Drake twisted in his seat. He fixed two burning eyes on Chaldion.
“My name is not Saliss. You know that. Say my name, Chaldion.”
“Onieva.”
The [Alchemist] fell out of his seat. When he got up—Chaldion was watching him.
No hesitation, no waffling at that moment. If there had been a ‘…Onieva’, a hint of scorn—Saliss might have destroyed the entire command room and slapped General Blackwing silly. But Chaldion was smart. That was why he could handle Erin when [Senators] were too prideful.
He’d been dealing with Saliss for too long to be a fool—at least in doing what they wanted to get his way. Saliss hesitated. But Bird had been right from the start.
If it mattered—Saliss probably wouldn’t have asked. He had his price. So—
He went.
 
—-
 
Saliss of Lights stood on Pallass’ battlements. Not all of it was siege weapons and war. There were some areas designed for unusual purposes. He stood there, calmly, bitterly too.
“Once, I was an actual adventurer.”
The group of [Soldiers] was just there for show. And of course, they’d seen Saliss since they lived in Pallass. That joke. That nudist [Alchemist]. Until you remembered he was also—
