Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 37
The Drake gave Ishkr an odd look, like someone who noticed Erin’s silent help for the first time. He realized that no one Erin employed could ever be normal.
Drassi was just louder.
“Do you think it will help?”
“I…think it’s a [Strategist]-level move, Ishkr.”
“Hrr. Too bad I don’t have the class.”
And that was it. Ishkr went back to the inn, sat down, and unfolded the note. He kept checking the windows. He had a hunch…because he had free time, in between cleaning the inn, to keep up on worldwide affairs.
Because he had heard about a certain kidnapping, as yet unresolved. He watched the skies. And he waited.
 
Keep the Potion of Regeneration close. If a blind man or someone else with officer classes comes, let them in. We are coming too.
 
The inn’s first Goblin was frustratingly short on details, and she asked a lot, but for her…Ishkr made a special reservation.
Service with a smile.
 
 
 
 
Olesm, [Commander]
 
Ishkr’s gift went to the Antinium lines. Commander Olesm personally handed it over, and a group of Soldiers clustered around it.
But they shared it. Significant Beavers—other [Soldiers] went to stare. What a silent genius, that Gnoll was.
It was a classic Erin Solstice move. Perhaps that was why it was so fitting that it would be tonight.
Olesm Swifttail was surprised that he didn’t have to kick 6th and 9th company off a few cliffs. He suspected Wing Commander Embria had something to do with that.
“We’re getting movement all along our left flank. I think Manus is coming.”
Scout Leader Maksie had begun to pick up their movements by now. Olesm just nodded.
“Sounds good.”
He didn’t say anything like, ‘it’s time’, or ‘just wait’, because that was the most idiotic thing you could say into a tapped line.
Nor did he inform Bepol or Ramia or even Belgrade of a change. He gave routine orders that might have made them think twice…but the proof of the pudding was in the surprise. Olesm sent a note via Liscor’s door, but aside from that, it was all here, in the army. Ishkr’s gift was a welcome surprise, but the rest?
It was all just them.
 
 
 
 
Antinium of Liscor’s Army, 1st Division
 
It was the best and only gift they’d ever received, most of them. A [Crusader] peeled an orange, sharing pieces around. An Armored Antinium gobbled down the peel because the bitter was oh, so tasty!
[Crusaders] of the Free Antinium, Armored Soldiers and Workers—and the Silent Antinium infiltrators.
They weren’t supposed to show themselves, as the Silent Antinium could not be part of Liscor’s war. However, the strangeness infecting the crusade had already done something to them.
A fat bag of barley spilled out next to Crusader 442. He hesitated, orange half-peeled.
That wasn’t a gift. He looked around and saw a faint outline of a familiar mantis-Antinium.
Only, this one he knew.
[Thief]! The rest of Squad 4, Battalion 6, edged over covertly. Fluffy Lancers had encountered this particular Silent Antinium before.
It—she? They were all she’s—was notable not because they often saw her, but because of one detail.
She’d lost a single scythe-arm. Those didn’t grow back, and the Silent Queen did not invest in regrowth gels since the scythe-arms weren’t regrowable via the same restorative gels a lucky Worker or Soldier could get. The Silent Queen considered that the Silent Antinium would not live long enough to justify that kind of investment of resources.
Therefore, this Silent Soldier had half the fighting potential of others. That was possibly why Thief had developed her habit.
