Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 44
Merrik turned. He spotted the distant ship. It was—pursuing something. A second ship, running dark. The [Necromancer]’s painted ship, made to be white-grey, invisible in the fog. It was turning—but the Illuminary was three times as fast.
Merrik stared as the glowing ship came at the first. It didn’t slow. It hit the [Necromancer]’s ship with a crash of sound that split the air. The [Necromancer]’s ship cracked. The Illuminary did not. He saw a glowing figure, glowing with the same light as her ship, swinging across to the other ship.
The undead shuddered. They lost some of their cohesion. Became aimless. And they did not rise again. There were still hundreds, at least a thousand of them. But someone had slain the [Necromancers]. Merrik turned his head.
“Grandfather’s beards! Reinforcements?”
But Captain Lasc just stared. The Illuminary was turning. He shook his head and sighed, looking—well, worried.
“No. [Pirates].”
 
—-
 
The fog was lifting. As the last [Necromancer] died and the ship began to burn, a figure strode out of the flames. She caught a rope as it was swung out to her. Held on.
The passing ship yanked her off the deck. She swung through the air with a dozen other figures, back towards the glowing ship. The Illuminary. She landed. And she was glowing.
Glowing, like her ship. The woman was half-Drowned. Half her face was Human. The other half covered by a bandanna. But her right eye—and shoulder gleamed. Something bright burned in her body. Yellow light.
Half-Anglerfish. She grinned with sharp teeth. And a voice called out to her.
“Captain? Your orders?”
The sky was exposing itself. It was sunset; but the fog had been thick as night. The [Pirate] lifted her head.
“Onwards! Take out those undead ships! We’ve done for the [Necromancers]! Quick, before they do for that Lord Kallinad and those students!”
She pointed. And the Illuminary moved. It shot forwards, propelled by a wave underneath the ship.
Some called it the fastest ship in the world. Including the Captain herself. She didn’t wear a hat. But she had a glowing sword in hand. She pointed; the fighting had continued after the [Necromancers] had died. The undead were still undead.
“Hurry up! We’ll miss the action!”
As if the Illuminary was moving too slow for her. Her crew looked up as the ship sped towards the cluster of ships. The [Pirate Captain] turned her head. She grinned up at the clear skies.
“Ah. It’s a wonderful day. Battles at sea. The Kraken’s Pass! And treasure. What more could you ask for?”
She laughed, fearless, as her ship’s light threatened to wake the denizens of the deep. If she’d died at this moment though, she would have died laughing. And her crew laughed too. Fearless, and insane, all. Even by the standards of [Storm Sailors] and Drowned Folk.
But these were [Pirates]. The glowing [Pirate] looked around.
“Prepare a boom throw! I’m going in first!”
The [Helmsman] roared with laughter. He was a tall Gnoll. He saw the [Pirate] grab hold of a rope. Someone had attached it to a boom. He spun the wheel and the boom snapped around.
You had to watch the boom. But she always watched it. And the rope attached to the moving part of the ship snapped. The boom flung outwards. And she swung through the air.
“Incoming!”
Peki, flying through the air and hunting for the strongest foes, saw a flying shape. The [Martial Artist] turned and saw the flying [Pirate]. The half-anglerfish woman winked as she passed by. She landed, and the light flashed, brilliantly yellow. The undead whirled.
“To me! Take these rotting corpses down!”
