Interlude – Lifting Ants
Page 1
“Hey everyone, thanks for waiting! Grimalkin’s setting up, but he’ll be done in like, thirty minutes, tops. Probably ten since it’s Grimalkin. I have water and oranges. And lemons, for if you’re thirsty. That’s free since Grimalkin is paying for it!”
“Woo! Lemons!”
“But wait until you’re sweaty, Relc!”
Erin admonished the Drake who was trying to cram a lemon into his mouth. Relc paused and spat it out.
“No one touch that. I’ll use it later.”
A bit away from him, Embria covered her face with one clawed hand. A group of her senior command of 4th Company looked like they wanted to do the same, but they were at military parade rest as they stood together.
It did not look restful. Also, they were hardly the only ones waiting. Erin stared at a crowd of, well, swol guests.
Swol. As in ‘swollen’, which Erin had understood to be slang for muscular in some capacity back home. She was employing the term because there was no other good word for the assembly in front of her.
Garia Strongheart and her father, Wailant. Moore. Jelaqua. Maughin. Relc, Embria, members of 4th Company. Councilwoman Raekea. Councilman and Senior Guardsman Jeiss. Even Pelt.
Yes, Pelt! The Dwarf was drinking at the bar, but he’d paid for his drinks. But he was here too! And for once, Erin had nothing to do with it.
Well, only a little. The truth was that this motley assembly of Liscor, Pallass, and even Celum’s strongest were here at one Drake’s call. Grimalkin’s. He’d requested a reservation at Erin’s inn, sent letters out, and gotten everyone to show up.
He’d even paid most of the group to appear. Certainly Pelt. Grimalkin wanted a spread of muscles on display, and it was telling that Liscor’s 4th Company of [Captains], [Lieutenants], and [Sergeants] along with some of the city’s [Guards]—were the scrawny ones in the room.
It was hard to flex in front of Moore, who was a half-Giant, or Maughin, who was as close to a War Walker as you got, whatever they looked like. Or a Gnoll [Blacksmith], or Relc, or…
The overpowering muscle in the room was forcing Erin to keep from checking her own biceps. She had [Lesser Strength] of course, but that was a lesser effect that made her just…stronger. She didn’t work out.
But some of this crew had muscle. Garia had abs. The kind you were only supposed to see in gym commercials! And—when you got down to it—so did most of the others.
Relc didn’t have abs, but if you stared, you could see muscle shifting under a very thin layer of fat. Embria was fit—wait, could Drakes even get abs?
Erin recalled Grimalkin. Yes, yes they could.
“Sorry I’m late! Am I on time? What’s this about?”
Someone bounded into the room. And then the Fellowship of the Lift was complete. Hawk, the muscular bunny-man and Courier, strode into the room. He looked around.
“Whoa. Am I in Liscor or Pallass? This inn has changed. I nearly didn’t recognize it!”
“Hey, Hawk! You here to lift?”
Relc curled a bicep. Hawk walked over as Erin stared at his abs. Garia was poking at her father’s beer belly.
“Dad, I was invited. You don’t have to be here. In fact, I’d prefer it if you weren’t. Go do your job!”
“I’m not missing this. What’s this about weights? And who’s this fishy Drake you keep talking up? If he’s lifting my girl, I want to meet him.”
“…I don’t…that is not what’s happening! Do you even know why I’m here?”
“Weights. It’s this thing where you lift heavy weights. Like, I dunno, training with a sword with lead cores. Only, the thing is—there’s no sword. It’s all weight.”
