Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 21
But not unkind. Since he had been here, Reynold couldn’t help but notice that Bekia, the Gnoll [Maid] who had been sick ever since their clash with the [Assassins] had suddenly stopped puking. She’d taken many poisoned daggers, such that even their best healing potions and Magnolia’s [Healers] hadn’t done more than slow the toxins in her systems. Magnolia herself had been arranging a visit to the Healer of Tenbault.
But she’d had a word with Teriarch—er—Eldavin. And the Gnoll had looked better the next day. Reynold hurried back with a heaping bowl of popcorn. Teriarch took one bite, and pointed a horrified finger.
The entire bowl caught on fire. Reynold saw the Dragon spit and gag.
“What was that?”
“Yeast, sir!”
“That’s not yeast! The other yeast, you fool!”
Anyways. Between the [Butler] running about, he nearly slammed into Sacra. The [Maid], who was one of their best disguise-experts, was heading in from Invrisil. She was dressed in the regular maid-uniform and looked exasperated.
“Reynold! What are you doing?”
“I need yeast! Edible yeast, apparently!”
The [Maid] gave the [Butler] a look that suggested he’d taken leave of his senses. She opened her mouth—
Pop.
Both staggered. They were back in the large parlor. Teriarch waved a hand without looking up from the computer.
“I changed my mind. I shall have just the wine. And a good cheese to go with it. Make it one of the magical varieties.”
Reynold ran for it. Sacra just stared. She checked herself. She should not have been teleported. Not without a line of sight or…had he just grabbed her?
The Dragon looked up after a second.
“What are you doing here?”
He stared at Sacra. The [Maid] bowed slowly.
“Master Eldavin?”
“Who? Oh…yes? What is it? I’m not in the mood to entertain more of Reinhart’s requests. I’ve already done enough!”
The Dragon snorted. He stretched out in the comfy chair, playing with one hand and grumbling about uppity young [Ladies].
It was a funny thing. In The Wandering Inn, the Dragon had been like thunder and lightning. Kindly, but there you were. Here, he was more retiring. This wasn’t his first visit. Although Sacra had been a girl when she first remembered the ‘Grand Magus’ visiting.
“Is there anything I can do for you, Grand Magus? Reynold is procuring your desired items.”
The [Maid] waited, hands folded behind her back. Teriarch glanced up. For a second, his eyes sharpened.
“Do I…know you? The butler’s new. But your aura—were you a new employee?”
Reynold had been serving for a long time. Sacra chose her words carefully.
“I was a girl in the Reinhart employ, Master Eldavin. Perhaps you recall me from an earlier visit.”
“Yes. Perhaps.”
The Dragon’s expression grew uncomfortable. Abruptly, he made the laptop disappear. He sat back.
“Where’s Reinhart? Off, trying to stop this trade deal, I’ll warrant? If she’s so busy, I won’t trouble her.”
Sacra began to panic at once. Her top order—all of their priorities were to keep Teriarch entertained and here. Magnolia would kill them if he disappeared.
“No—that is to say, she’s only out for the day, Lord T—Magus Eldavin! I’m sure she didn’t want to bother you!”
“Well, I’ve already been here three days. If Reinhart’s busy, so am I. I still have to figure out how to construct a ‘mice’ for this…this game Ryoka Griffin showed me. And deal with all these [Messages]. Shoo!”
He waved at something in the air. Much like a cat. Sacra held her breath.
