Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 0

(A preview of Volume 2 is now up on Soundcloud! Check it out here! The audiobook will be release July 14th!)
 
Another day passed. And whatever madness, glories, tragedies or acts of fate had passed, the next day the world remained.
Well…for now. She woke up in the rolling, bumping darkness and realized she was alone. Which was preferable, for now.
Slowly, the City Runner reached into a pouch. And for light, instead of a spell, came a glowing vial. The liquid sloshed around.
Viridian. What a color. Blue and green, ostensibly. What vibrancy. What magic. For a moment, Ryoka Griffin marveled at it. Such a little vial; less than a mouthful, unless you were a baby.
It could change everything. Or…nothing.
“Panacea. Fierre…but what did Teriarch say? What did he mean? What causes Vampires to fall ill?  He knows.”
The mumbled questions from Ryoka’s sleepy lips were still tinged with a bit of satisfaction. A bit of happiness, wonder. She had met the Dragon. And he had left the cave. He had given her hope. And this.
A magical potion. And a question. The Dragon might refuse to interfere—but he was fairly bad at this commitment. And even half-hearted replies told Ryoka a lot.
Vampires.
There was a tap; Ryoka jumped and fumbled the vial into her belt. When the coachman opened the sliding window to address her, she was stretching.
“Miss Griffin? We’re nearing Reizmelt. Should be in eight hours if there’s no delays. Nothing bad’s happened yet, huh?”
“Don’t jinx us.”
The lanky young woman stretched out. She was rewarded with a grin—but a nervous one. The [Coachman] chuckled.
“Never thought my only passengers would be a City Runner, eh?”
It was a joke, albeit at her expense. Ryoka took it in good humor.
The driver was nervous. Ryoka hadn’t known the overnight coaches were part of the Merchant’s Guild, but it was obvious in hindsight. They needed a central authority and management, and theirs was an important service, even if Runners did deliveries.
After the Bloodfeast Raiders attack, the Merchant’s Guild had done an inspection to make sure Ryoka hadn’t provoked the attack. She had been carrying valuables, but since it wasn’t on a delivery, they hadn’t banned her from using the coaches.
But it was a close thing. Besides which—word had got out. Bloodfeast Raiders, riots; few people were using the overnights. So somewhat ironically, Ryoka was providing this [Coachman]’s coin for the day. She had tipped handsomely; in fact, in advance.
[Coachmen] were practical people. You gave them money up front and they made your passage more comfortable, rather than after the fact. Neither had seen anything more dangerous than a wild Mothbear, and it had ignored them.
Even so, both she and the driver were nervous. Ryoka smiled at the driver.
“I can’t run from Invrisil to Reizmelt as fast as a coach. Not nearly, even if I drank stamina potions every mile. Not high enough level yet. Sorry.”
He grinned toothily at her.
“‘Sokay, Miss. Your lot is the ones targeted by [Bandits] on the roads. Usually. They know the overnights don’t carry more than people, and not wealthy folk, most off. Let’s just not have trouble, eh?”
“Your wish is my dream, Mister Randal.”
The little sliding hatch shut. Ryoka sat back. Staring blankly at the covered windows. After a moment, she rolled up the shades. Sunlight streamed into the coach. She was headed back to Reizmelt after The Wandering Inn.
She would return. She had promised Mrsha. But she had a job to do. A party the likes of which even the fae would want to visit. Powerful nobles to impress.
