Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 19
“Drassi’s busy. And I think we can all appreciate some unbiased coverage from another species who understands that, from an outsider’s perspective, the minutiae of another nation’s customs are not—”
Erin was about to chase after Noass and shout at him. She was just turning when Sir Relz’s viewpoint disappeared and Drassi appeared in his place. She was pointing at the ramparts of a keep buried in snow; the garden was so filled that the top of the keep was being excavated by Jewel and some others.
“—I think I see a door. See if—what the heck?”
She jumped, looked around, and then listened to something in a speaking stone in her earpiece.
“That idiot did—ahem. Hello! Who am I speaking to? What’s going on? Oh, Ryoka Griffin! Personal acquaintance of mine. Distant friend. Friend is, uh, putting it generously, but I’ve met her. And is this First Landing?”
“Reporter Drassi! Wetiole here—”
The man beamed and introduced himself as Drassi found herself acting as news-anchor from the garden. She nodded rapidly as he did a recap.
“I see—so what is the statue-limitation law? I’m interested. Petty people are tons of fun.”
The people in the background of Wetiole’s feed laughed. He smiled and went on.
“Well, this is as petty as it gets—in a sense, Reporter Drassi. Basically, there is an old law on the books in First Landing that none of the Five Families are allowed to have more statues of each other than any other. This unauthorized statue of Gresaria Wellfar has put House Wellfar ahead, and the other Five Families want it gone—or to all have another statue of themselves. And between you and me, no one wants more of the nobility enshrined!”
“Ancestors, that is petty! So they’re trying to remove it? And Lord Etril…uh oh. Bad taste?”
“And bad timing!”
Lord Etril was having a heated argument with House Wellfar’s leadership, an affronted [Lord Admiral], as the other members of the Five Families watched. A [Lady] of the Reinharts was watching with a delighted smile as House El looked resigned and House Terland horrified at this breach of decorum.
“—not going to take down her statue.”
“The law of statues, Lord Etril—this is not the moment. Lord Veltras is waiting to disembark.”
“Then move your work teams back, or I’ll toss them into the surf myself!”
Etril barked. Erin saw the camera moving slowly towards him. In the background, she saw a telltale pair of bare feet.
“Ryoka! Ryoka—oh, wait. That’s not Ryoka. There are more people with bare feet? Oh no. It’s spreading!”
Erin pointed at the second-in-command of the ship, another of House Wellfar’s folk, a [Lady Navigator]. House Wellfar apparently had its nobility serve as actual members of their ships, hence their…down to earth or down-to-sea natures.
However, there were clearly differences, like the [Lord Admiral] who really did not want this argument right now.
“Her statue will be removed to a private space. Perhaps to Wellfar lands. It will not be destroyed. Nothing can be done right now, Lord Etril. You know the laws on statue-limitations. We already have three statues in radius of the harbor. Lord Shellac, for instance.”
He pointed at another statue standing proudly on a huge park looking down over the docks. It was one of those plazas you could walk around. Etril’s eyes narrowed as he stared up at it.
“Indeed we do. One moment.”
He turned and stormed back up the gangplank. The nobles muttered, looking offended, and Erin felt like Etril’s political stock was probably dropping. However, that wasn’t what drew her attention.
“Hey, did he look weird to you just now?”
