Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 4
“Okay. This is a sample contract. Note the magical bindings on the side? Magical contracts are essential for agreements you need to enforce with magic. Skills on the other hand can do the same. So never sign anything unless you’re sure…”
Oho! What else can I put in here, then?
Mrsha padded out of her room. After a second, she pushed open another door, came out with Numbtongue’s pillows and blankets. She pushed them into the drawer. Stared inside.
It was mostly full. Mrsha, experimenting with the limits of Erin’s [Compartments of Holding] had discovered that they were far more spacious than your average Bag of Holding. So much so that the upper limit of even the drawers in hers and Lyonette’s room could comfortably hold all this stuff.
She liked it. Erin had woken everyone up in the middle of the night shouting about her new Skill. Mrsha had wanted to experiment, but she’d been so sleepy.
At first, Lyonette hadn’t been too impressed. Numbtongue had decided it was useful for storing more weapons, but had promptly gone back to sleep. But for the Gnoll child—this was amazingly fun.
She could hide all her things wherever she wanted! In a tiny little space! Mrsha’s mind raced with the possibilities. Hide snacks Lyonette would never find! Store all her favorite things!
Lyonette only had boring ideas like ‘let’s store even more food and supplies and facilitate trade with the nobles!’ Erin’s new Skill worked on anything that was a ‘compartment’. Be it drawer, closet, cupboard, or even sacks in the basement, it essentially made the insides larger than what they should be. Multiplied space.
Mrsha reached down into the drawers and pulled out a pillow. She fluffed it experimentally.
So convenient. The Gnoll’s tail wagged. She had another brilliant idea. She stared into the compartment, which had held two blankets, six pillows—Numbtongue liked pillows—rocks, some of her toys…it was full to the brim. But if you removed two more pillows…
There was a nice divot of space in there. Mrsha eyed the open spot. She had been told by Lyonette you should never put living things into a Bag of Holding. But this was a Skill. Slowly, Mrsha looked around and then surreptitiously climbed into—
 
—-
 
The first screaming howl made Erin and Maviola jump from their room. They shot to their feet and looked around. They couldn’t place it at first. But the second howl of pain made them run out of the room.
“Mrsha? Where are you?”
Erin located Mrsha in Lyonette and Mrsha’s room a beat before she saw a green blur race upstairs. Numbtongue kicked the door open, his new sword drawn.
They found Mrsha in the cupboard. She was compressed along with the blankets, rocks, and other objects in the now ordinary-sized cupboard. Numbtongue tugged at the door, but Mrsha just howled louder. So the Hobgoblin aimed his sword and carefully cut the entire cupboard apart.
Broken bits of wood—the objects had cracked the other drawers when they reverted to real space—pillow feathers, and Mrsha all exploded outwards. The Gnoll was crying. She let Erin scoop her up as Lyonette, panting, raced up the stairs with a sword in her hands.
“What happened?”
Sniffling, Mrsha explained to Erin and Numbtongue out what happened.
“Bags of Holding don’t contain people. At least—not alive. Erin’s Skill must not either. It’s a failsafe. Better than what the enchantment does to some people. It’s definitely Erin’s Skill—if Mrsha tried that with a superior holding enchantment, it might have compressed her. Or even let her climb in—without air.”
