Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 28
When he slammed into something. The Drake bounced off and realized, as several shapes scuttled around him—
They were all around them. The confused screaming of Big Yam alerted the camp, but no one knew what was happening. A [Major] stumbled out of his tent.
“What’s going on? Where are the sentries? Night officer! Where’s…?”
No one knew.
Least of all Crusader 53. He recoiled as a giant, foreign insect materialized and scuttled over to him. He stared up.
What are you? What are you? Aaah! Aaaaah!
Only when a scythe-arm delicately descended and cut one of his chains free did he realize—
He was being rescued. And Vess?
 
 
 
 
Lulv, [Spearmaster]
 
The Gnoll knew something was wrong when Luldem’s forces didn’t challenge him. This was one of their permanent outposts well behind the front. He raised his paw, and the force of Manus’ [Soldiers] who’d ridden through the night slowed.
“No sentries. I smell blood. Guards up. Message High Command and Sokkel. Get me two Wyverns overhead.”
“Yes, sir.”
The Gnoll realized it was over before he got within a thousand paces of the camp. He could smell the blood.
He saw the carnage, and someone swore too-loudly in the quiet dawn.
Insects were everywhere. Not Antinium…but it had been them. Buzzing little creatures…
“So many fucking ants. Small ones, I mean. Damn it.”
Someone cursed as the Manus squad slowly advanced around Lulv. His hair was standing on end.
Slaughtered where they stood. This wasn’t a battle. This had been a one-sided ambush. He thought he knew…it was when he saw the razor-clean cuts that he was certain.
“Movement!”
Everyone snapped up, and Lulv whirled his spear—lowering when he saw a Drake wandering towards them.
“They came out of nowhere. They…they wanted 53.”
Vess stumbled across the ground, looking blank and white as a sheet. The [Arcane Warrior] didn’t have his wand or sword. He just walked around, past the dead bodies. Everyone had been slaughtered.
They’d left the Drake as a message. Classic tactics from the last war.
“Silent Antinium.”
Lulv saw Vess look blankly at them.
“They—they were invisible. The [Slaver] was going to buy 53. Then my squad tried to kill me. Sir?”
He was babbling. Lulv growled. He understood enough from that, though.
That damn—
“They took the Soldier? Where? Where was the [Slaver]?”
“There. There…”
Vess pointed aimlessly back to a hill. Lulv cursed. He turned his head. Then he hesitated as he looked around at his squad.
“Tell Sokkel…we’ve got Silent Antinium. Tell him the Dragonspeaker’s going to breathe frost out of both ends over this.”
One of the [Soldiers] lifted a paw to her ear where a little earring speaking-stone was pinned. Her eyes locked onto Lulv—
And she ducked the swing of the Silent Antinium’s scythe-arms. Lulv stabbed the one next to him.
“Ambush! Move!”
Dragonspeaker Luciva breathed lightning, not frost. Forewarned, Manus’ squad exploded into action. They whirled—and the Silent Antinium materialized.
Dozens of them. Lulv speared another one, deflecting a slash from one arm. Their arms were equivalent to enchanted blades! But—brittle—
“Spear art! Run! Don’t stop! Engage your emergency spells! Run!”
Lulv shouted. Vess was screaming. He curled up as the Silent Antinium, who had been waiting to ambush him, swarmed the [Soldiers]. Lulv’s spear howled as the Gnoll stabbed left, right—
But he had to run. A cut almost took off one arm. Six [Soldiers] were already dead. He wanted to grab the Drake boy—but there was no time.
