Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 43
“Yelroan’s a big-shot. Bigger than Merish, somehow. We all grew up in the same place, but look at them. Dead gods, but I can’t do more than count to a hundred, and I’m not hunting…them. I’d have nightmares.”
“Me too. I’d be too scared to move. Merish is tough.”
Yelroan saw the other Gnolls agree. He licked his lips and glanced over his shoulder at something.
“Do you remember, growing up, all the stories about Doombringers?”
Ghamen was asking the others. They nodded. Yelroan muttered.
“You mean, the [Shamans] dressing up in white and grabbing you out of bed before they’re chased away by warriors?”
The other Gnolls chuckled. One of them nodded, baring his teeth.
“I remember that. I wet my bedroll for three months afterwards. You know, I told that story to some other warriors the other day and they looked at me like I was crazy? They don’t do that.”
“Not chasing off Doombringers either? Really? It just goes to show what kind of traditions the other tribes keep…”
“Don’t start a fight, now. Let them do what they want. Plain’s Eye’s honor.”
“Here’s to that. What’s wrong, Yelroan? You look sick.”
There’s a Doombringer over there. Go kill it. The other warriors looked at the [Mathematician] as he stood there.
He felt a sudden, abrupt wave of nausea spill over him. Someone offered Yelroan a stick of meat just in time to see him clap a paw over his mouth—and vomit anyways, around it. The other Gnolls leapt back. They shouted and called for a [Healer] but had no idea why he was suddenly sick. Yelroan looked around, shaking.
He felt it too. That sudden, burning intuition that wasn’t math. But because it ran in his blood, he thought of it like that. An equation that didn’t add up at all.
There was something deeper here. Far, far deeper than tradition. And he was part of it. His eyes went back to the little girl heading through the Meeting of Tribes. He brushed off the paws of the other warriors and went after her.
He had to see.
 
——
 
The last investigation had taken over a month, and it was nowhere near its conclusion. The person leading it realized it might never conclude to his satisfaction.
But now, the news was out.
Feshi Weatherfur stared at Rose like she had giant Demon horns sticking out of her head and wings. The Earth girl shifted uncomfortably, but that was the same look Adetr gave her.
The [Battle Seeker] and warrior of the Steelfur tribe looked at Rose.
“Tell me…tell us more stories of Earth.”
“I’ve told you so many. History, my life…what more do you want?”
Rose complained, but mildly. She was flattered by Feshi’s attention and a little overwhelmed. Inkar had vanished on a ride with Tkrn once the secret came out.
The Chieftains knew. Their most trusted warriors and [Shamans]—they all knew. Now, they were struggling with the revelation.
Only, Adetr had learned a completely different way than Torishi, Feshi, and the rest. He had walked into a simulation of Earth’s [Soldiers] fighting on Rose’s behalf with his Skill. He had seen their weapons. Guns. Tanks. Even an aircraft dropping what Rose thought was a nuke on him.
So he looked at her completely differently than Feshi, for all the [Strategist] was clever and intelligent enough to understand what this meant. Adetr had seen enough to understand what they didn’t understand.
“Oh—okay. Just for Feshi. So, where I lived, Los Angeles—that’s one of the biggest cities in the world—”
“How big, exactly?”
“Um…if you included the suburbs, four m—”
“The what? What are ‘suburbs’?”
That was the thing. Rose backtracked, but she was really, really…bad at explaining a different world.
