Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 34
Khedal was bleeding. But he was also grinning. He whirled ever-faster, the twin axes he carried seeking Greydath’s skin. The Goblin Lord had no armor, and the shallow wounds he took bled, but Khedal had gone for a healing potion twice.
Yet one blow was all Khedal wanted. The two were fighting across the ruins of the warship, the Goblin Lord forgotten. This was a duel of honor, and Greydath couldn’t escape without dishonoring himself.
And he refused to do so. The Goblin Lord whirled from blade dance to art, yet Khedal charged into a cut trying to open a void, aware he was behind in Skill. One cut—and he was willing to sacrifice his body for that cut.
He was forcing Greydath into the end of that deadly dance when the axe roared in Khedal’s ears. He looked up.
“My King? No—”
Greydath whirled as the Axe of Minos howled through the air, and the storm broke. The Goblin Lord stared at the single relic, not a giant axe, shooting towards him like an arrow.
The challenge ended. Greydath spun, and his body twisted as he threw himself up. Far over the spinning axe. It twisted up with him. Greydath’s eyes narrowed. His greatsword flashed, and he parried the b—
He stared at the hilt of his greatsword as the Axe of Minos severed the blade in half. Greydath grabbed the axe as the head tried to spin into his neck. His arms bulged. His veins stood out, and his muscles contorted.
It lodged an inch into his neck, and the Goblin Lord held it there, quivering—then tore it out. He threw it down, and the axe zoomed into the air. Back towards the thrower. The Goblin Lord looked up as Khedal approached him uncertainly.
“…Nevertheless. Take it.”
Khedal tossed one axe down, and Greydath sneered. He lifted the hilt of the greatsword—
And both he and Khedal turned as the Goblin Lord on her cliff stood up.
The bark cracked. The tree groaned. Her bodyguards looked up and cried out, and the centuries the Goblin Lord had sat were over.
She landed on the warship as lightly as a feather. Khedal spun. Greydath moved, and the Minotaur Prince cursed—without the duel, he was no longer as f—
Greydath kicked him. The Minotaur Prince landed two minutes later. The Goblin Lord was watching him fall towards the island, and Greydath raised his hilt to throw when the [Shaman], the great female Goblin Lord, tapped him on the shoulder.
“Greydath.”
“Izikere.”
He looked the other Goblin Lord in the eyes and saw the mask of bark and nature, the greatest [Shaman] of Goblins, smiling at him. A descendant of Sóve, the Goblin King who had raised this very island.
Izikere pressed a finger to Greydath’s chest, and he jerked back, forgetting Khed—
 
——
 
The Minotaur warships were retreating in the face of Greydath of Blades. Not all the warships were burning. Two-thirds…but they had lost Prince Khedal. The ranged fire was still continuing as evening fell, but the giant tree encasing the Goblin Lord finally split open as the angry Greydath of Blades cut his way out.
The Minotaur King watched as her generals reported in.
“Is Khedal alive?”
No one knew. Nor did they quite understand why the Goblin Lord, Izikere, had attacked Greydath.
Inreza stared at the Isle of Goblins. Khedal’s survival was remote, but not impossible for his level. After all…
She too had once walked the Isle of Goblins. She wondered what he would see.
 
——
 
Khedal landed, obviously. But he only woke up an hour later.
Consider the impact a single kick had to transmit to launch a Minotaur wearing full plate armor into the air. Then consider how hard Khedal hit the ground.
