Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.1)
Page 21
Speaking of which…the Gnoll looked up as two of his fellow Gnolls on duty waved through more people heading to the inn. He sniffed the air, frowned, and then swore as he saw a green shape charging towards the gates.
“Aw! It’s him again!”
He bellowed at his fellow [Guardsmen]. They looked up and the Drake [Guardsman] with them spotted the distant figure at the same time Tkrn did. He must have taken a different route because he was closing on the gates fast this time. The Drake bellowed up at the battlements.
“Hey! Close the gates! Close the—”
The huge, metal doors of Liscor, pure metal to contain water during the spring season, slammed downwards as Tkrn blocked the path of two alarmed Drake ladies. On the walls, he heard shouts—not exactly of alarm, and then a voice as one of the Drakes shouted down at the figure who’d stopped, a couple dozen feet away from Liscor’s gates.
“Hey! You! We told you, you can’t come in!”
Tkrn listened to the Drake shouting angrily, a peeved not in his voice. The Gnoll growled and shook his head as he turned to the female Gnoll [Guardswoman] explaining to the frightened old Drakes what was going on.
“This is the third day in a row he’s done this. Doesn’t he get tired?”
She growled at him, vexed.
“Maybe it’s fun for him. Here. Escort these two to the Southern Gate, will you? And warn them the Goblin’s here again. He might try going to the other gates like last time.”
“Aw. Bersa—”
“I did it last time. Your turn.”
Tkrn sighed, but he gestured to the two elderly Drakes. One of them quavered as she stared wide-eyed as the gates and craned her neck at the shouting from above.
“What is it? An attack? Are we fighting Shield Spiders this time? Moths?”
“No, ma’am. It’s just a Goblin. The Goblin.”
“Oh. That Goblin?”
Tkrn sighed as he led the two away. And outside, Numbtongue stared up at the walls of Liscor. The gates were closed; they’d shut them faster this time. He hadn’t been able to even get close. A Drake poked his head over the battlements and shouted down at him.
“You can’t come in. Understand?”
“Why?”
Numbtongue folded his arms. He knew the answer, and the Drake sighed.
“We told you yesterday. And the day before that! No Goblins are allowed in Liscor. The Council voted on it! You’re a public threat.”
“I won’t hurt anyone. You can stab me if I try.”
“That’s not how it works. We can’t let in a security risk. And we have orders.”
“I’m not a threat.”
Numbtongue repeated himself slowly. He could see the Drake, a male with a helmet, looking exasperatedly to one side. Some other members of the City Watch were on the ramparts above the gates. The Drake nodded tiredly at Numbtongue.
“Sure, I believe you. But we’re [Guardsmen].”
“[Guardswoman] over here.”
“I’m a [Watchman].”
The Drake sighed.
“Right. All that. And we have orders. You can’t come in. It’s not our decision—it’s the law. Got it? Will you please go away? You know we’re not opening the gates. Please don’t make us close the others.”
He looked helplessly at Numbtongue. The Goblin reached into his belt pouch and pulled out a folded bit of parchment. He unfurled it and waved it at the Drake.
“Read this.”
The Drake hesitated.
“I can’t see it from here.”
“Come down and read it. It says I can come in.”
“I know what it says. You showed it to me yesterday. The answer’s still no.”
Numbtongue ground his teeth. he stared up at the tiny head dozens of feet above him. He pointed furiously at the parchment, as if the Drake could read one of the names signed on it.
