Interlude – Conversations
Page 27
Now, where to next? Valeterisa absently floated past an angry Drake [Councilmember] shouting at her to come down. The Captain of the Watch stared at a nightmare worse than the [Innkeeper] of stories herself. Archmage Valeterisa quite liked the pie. Maybe it was a suitable birthday gift? No, wait. Ten years…so a thousand pies?
But she didn’t know if she could recommend crickets to Ieka.
 
——
 
Montressa du Valeross saw her coming. She saw her coming, then going, as she flew past her. Overhead.
She could fly! Maybe it was [Levitation], not [Flight], but even so—there went an old Wistram legend. An Archmage. She flew through Liscor, ignored the law, nearly blew a hole in the city with what had to be at least a Tier 5 spell…then flew off.
“Old school Wistram.”
Montressa stared at Valeterisa with awe. That was like the Archmages who went anywhere they pleased. Got what they wanted. Put a door in their way? That was what [Acid Wave] was for.
Of course, she was making Wistram look bad—but where was she headed now? She flew straight for…Montressa heard murmurs.
The Wandering Inn. Montressa stared. Then she saw Valeterisa circling the inn as Antinium burst out of hiding places, aiming bows up at her. But she didn’t attack, and she had cancelled the other spells. Instead, she seemed to be searching for something.
And indeed, after only a few seconds, she stopped by a window, and, it seemed, unlatched it from the outside. She flew in through the window.
Well, in point of fact, she smacked into it, and then had to re-angle herself so she flew in horizontally, head-first. At this point Montressa began choking—then burst into a stumbling run.
Mainly because that was her window.
 
——
 
Montressa raced past Ishkr as she heard a voice floating down from upstairs.
“Hm. No. No. No. Ah, I am running out of clothing. Can I purchase this?”
“Where is she…?”
The Gnoll just pointed a finger. She arrived, panting, breathless, just in time to see Valeterisa stuffing her undergarments into her bag of holding. Montressa’s—
“Archmage Valeterisa!”
Her room was a mess! The Archmage had opened every cupboard, drawer, and the closet, and half of Montressa’s possessions, including empty bottles of wine rolled under the bed, were floating around as she sorted through them. Montressa’s awe was turning into fury, but then Valeterisa finally found what she was looking for.
“There it is. A prototype, just as promised. Oh, how interesting. Destroyed, but someone’s attempted to repair it. Nailiuaile did not mention that. However, I can attempt to repair it and see…excellent. Excellent.”
She floated over, and plucked the Shock Orb from behind Montressa’s dresser. The ruined orb of brass had indeed been destroyed, but it had been repaired as best as Montressa could; she even had a note appended to replace the liquid inside, and some still remained, sloshing about.
The Archmage of Izril’s eyes were alight with curiosity. She floated past Montressa, into the hallway.
“Hello. You must be Mage Montressa. I have left recompense for the objects. Thank you for the orb—I am taking it. Archmage Nailihuaile informed me I could. Goodbye. Excuse me, sir. Do you know where I can find an ‘Erin Solstice’…?”
She walked past Montressa without a second look. The [Aegiscaster] was lost for words. It was like Valeterisa was walking past furniture. Or people who just existed to get in her way.
“Erin Solstice is unavailable, Miss…?”
Ishkr saw Valeterisa frown.
