Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 9
Jerimy and Theophilus turned to her. She had a Skill beyond theirs—and what a way with words! Neither one had thought to say that, but the Soldier stilled. Zimrah looked at him.
“What is your name?”
There was no answer, but then the [Crusader] tugged off his metal helmet and they touched antennae.
“Crusader 51. You are brave. Thank you for fighting.”
“Thank you. You are brave.”
The two other [Acolytes] echoed her, and Theophilus admired Zimrah and envied her way with words.
Zimrah. Of all of Pawn’s acolytes, she was the only female one. And the fifth female Antinium in the Hive besides Xrn.
One day she had said her name was Zimrah. She had taken a name and identity with the butterflies, but when Pawn asked, she had told him she was actually Zimrah. It was the first time a Worker had done that, changed identities, but Pawn had thought about it and said it was obvious:
You could get your name wrong. The same with everything else. Antinium were new at identity, so Zimrah was Zimrah.
 
——
 
“It is such a terrible thing. So many dead Antinium. We must do as Pawn would do.”
Zimrah, Theophilus, and Jerimy sat together, and all three Workers nodded. Theophilus had given out all of Garry’s fresh bread to the [Crusaders] and thought it had helped. They had healed until they were exhausted.
It was not like mana, what they used up, but it did tax them to use their miracles so often. It felt…draining. When Theophilus was out of the power, he felt as though the world lost its color. That all was grey and meaningless…until his faith rekindled itself.
He had a sea of faith, so he had healed at least forty Soldiers and Workers.
“We will heal as many as we can, every day.”
Jerimy agreed. Zimrah turned to both other [Acolytes].
“Yes, but Pawn would do more.”
Theophilus instantly agreed. Pawn would do more. Exactly what should they do? Well, after some thought, the [Acolytes] had a revelation.
That was how the ritual of morning prayer began.
 
——
 
Theophilus was nervous as the [Crusaders] knelt as one. Tersk and Dekass watched as the morning gruel was digesting in every stomach. The day after the battle, the first thousand reinforcements had yet to arrive, but already the [Acolytes] were doing what they could.
They would not fight; they were a valuable resource, and Belgrade decreed they stay back. They could help mend armor, do chores, and tend to the wounded in the meantime.
However, the one true thing they could do was spread the good word. Reinforce the knowledge, the faith of Heaven within the [Crusaders]. Give them hope, a fraction of what Pawn had given to the Painted Antinium.
Theophilus had been chosen to do the speaking. Jerimy said that he had a speaking disorder in his vocal chords that acted up even back in the Free Hive whenever he tried. Some kind of terrible birth defect in the Growing Vats. Zimrah had suggested Theophilus was older and had seen more of Pawn’s miracles, and thus was more qualified.
He had labored for a long time on his first sermon. Theophilus stood on a bit of raised dirt, robes swishing nervously, as Jerimy and Zimrah walked down the rows of [Crusaders], spreading sweet cinnamon incense with their censers. He clicked his mandibles together a few times, and then spoke with all the conviction and power in his voice.
“The sky…exists.”
One hand rose and pointed upwards at the blue, blue sky, filled with little clouds high overhead, which gleamed white as the sun shone down. Every [Crusader] looked up.
