Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 38
Klbkch stared at him. Anand amended his answer.
“Sometimes. Is it dangerous, in some way, Revalantor Klbkch?”
“It is unpleasant.”
“To Antinium?”
“To the Queens. The Free Queen’s decision is not that of the Armored Queen. Did she…react beyond screaming?”
Anand nodded.
“She was very upset. She told us that we will never make music in her presence again. She seemed…pained.”
For a long time, Klbkch was still, and the custom-Antinium delicately maneuvering gels to aid the developing body worked in silence.
“Yes. She would be. It is not a physical phenomenon, but a mental one that has troubled Antinium since our arrival on Izril, Strategist Anand. I inform you that you may not offend the Queens again and hinder their process. It is a commonality amongst other species as well. Memory causes pain.”
He expected Anand to grapple with the problem, but the Worker just nodded.
“Yes. It does. It hurts when I think of Erin.”
Klbkch was silent. His great wisdom learned from many years had been already internalized.
He expected Anand to shuffle off, but the Strategist hesitated.
“Revalantor Klbkch…may I talk to you about being sad? I am sad. I still think of Erin. So are the others.”
Klbkch evaluated his ability to move, and also his desire to talk to Anand about sadness and Erin being dead. He clacked his mandibles.
“Speak to Wrymvr instead. You informed me he was an inspirational leader in many ways.”
Anand hesitated. Yet he did not scurry off to find Wrymvr, who apparently could be more of a leader than Klbkch.
“…I would, but Wrymvr is not suitable for this conversation, Revalantor Klbkch.”
“Why not?”
“He does not care about us.”
This time Klbkch actually moved his head slightly. He glanced at Anand.
“Wrymvr is constantly appraising your actions, Anand. He is pleased about your progress and…kinder…than I am.”
Anand nodded amiably. He poked his fingers together, then refuted Klbkch.
“Yes, Revalantor Klbkch, but I have misphrased my communications. He can be caring, but he does not care about us. My perception is that Centenium Wrymvr is interested in our worth. Not if we live or die.”
Klbkch looked at Anand. Something like…approbation stirred in him. Because Anand was correct. That was probably what Xrn described. Anand went on.
“Wrymvr is very helpful to me. He tries to cheer me up when I am sad. He delivered the ship to me. He does what is helpful. However, I have seen the Twisted Antinium’s Hive. Wrymvr does not care about our lives. Only our function. I believe this is so, Klbkch.”
Ah. So that was why she called him insane. That was the difference between Wrymvr and Xrn. Klbkch considered Anand’s statement. If he was going to be depressed for another week, Wrymvr was going to be upset. So Klbkch tried to say the most comforting thing he could imagine.
“Do not be disheartened, Anand. Wrymvr may see you as a means to an end, but he is not biased.”
“…How so?”
Klbkch raised his mandibles in a fake smile.
“If he believed the benefits were worth the cost he would sacrifice me or Xrn, just like any of the Antinium and expect us to do the same. Wrymvr is committed to success.”
For some reason, Anand did not look particularly inspired by this information. His mandibles drooped.
“Now I am very sad, Revalantor Klbkch.”
The Antinium stared at Anand. This was so difficult. He tried a different tack.
“I have an interesting factoid, Anand. About Wrymvr as it pertains to this morning’s incident.”
The [Strategist] latched onto this and Klbkch saw him stop moping.
“What is this, Revalantor Klbkch?”
