Interlude – Lifting Ants
Page 7
His claw holding the dropper didn’t quiver at all as he dipped it in and took a minute sample of the dregs that Ryoka had left Octavia. Saliss did not crack under pressure. Nor, in this moment, did he let excitement do anything other than intensify his focus.
“You can see my solution on your left, Octavia? That’s a basic magical condensing test. We can reverse-test the potency of a potion based on the ingredients used. It’s not a perfect test, especially if the potion isn’t wholly consistent, but this will tell us the grade we’re dealing with.”
Octavia nodded rapidly, too scared to speak. Saliss slowly dropped a bit of the Haste Potion into the liquid and it began to bubble and seethe. He slowly relaxed.
“Good. Can’t waste a drop if it is a powerful potion. Or even a Haste Potion! We’re sacrificing one drop’s worth; if we standardize how much liquid we use, we can compare the resulting mana crystal to other potion’s reactions. Assuming of course, we don’t get a reaction.”
The younger [Alchemist] nodded. Like Saliss, she was watching the flask intently for any signs of a bad reaction. Both were ready to move for cover, and Saliss had already secured the priceless Haste Potion sample.
“…I think we’re good. Go on, relax, take a look around. This will take a minute or two.”
After ten seconds, Saliss relaxed. Octavia did not. She stared around Saliss’ personal laboratory and then at the Drake himself.
“Wh—me?”
He grinned at her.
“Sure! I mean, I am teaching you. Go on and poke around. Open anything you like. Just not any bottles. But ingredients? Sure! I’m gonna eat more chocolate. Ooh, and I bought a cake with this whipped cream stuff!”
Octavia saw him stretch and yawn. He took a slice of the cake he’d bought from The Wandering Inn and began to munch on it—he wasn’t using utensils and just licked his claws clean.
Octavia hesitated, and then began to wander the laboratory. The Stitch-Girl was taking notes and trying not to faint. She was lightheaded and on a mental high—higher than the time she accidentally burned an entire pound of Dreamleaf. She was tingling with excitement.
And terrified it was a dream. This had to be a dream. Ever since last night. She’d—she’d slipped, cut her head off somehow, and this was the last thing she saw before her life-thread ran out of magic. That was it. There was no way she could be here.
“Um, Master Saliss. Is it alright if I…?”
Octavia pointed to a steel cupboard, warded by spells. Saliss waved a claw and spoke around a mouthful of chocolate.
“Go on, poke at stuff. Just close the cupboards when I start experimenting. Don’t need a chain detonation. Also—if I say run, run.”
Octavia nodded. She opened a cupboard, stared at the rows of gemstones ordered by purity, and size, tried to guess at how much it was all worth, and had to sit in a corner and shake for a second. The sight of a few hundred gemstones gleaming at her had undone her in one go.
“Nice collection, huh? I get it from Salazsar. Xif has some, but he doesn’t have as many as me.”
Saliss winked. As he did, there was an outraged voice.
“You’re letting her investigate your shelves? Saliss! There are dozens of [Alchemists] past Level 30 who’d do anything for a day as your apprentice! At least let me in!”
The speaker wasn’t actually in the room. Saliss spoke into a little stone sitting on the counter.
