Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 18
It could devastate an economy like a Walled City. And Pallass was an early adopter of the Golden Triangle. It was on everyone’s lips. Palt picked up the pace. He hurried to find the Adamantine-level member of the Golden Triangle, the only one in the city. This was where he excelled. Subterfuge, making connections.
Palt was a mediocre duelist in straight-up combat. But who fought in duels these days? He put a second cigar in his mouth and began to chain-smoke two. He was going to need to be very persuasive to get this Dullahan to talk. They hated smoking.
 
—–
 
At the same time as Palt moved and a Drake ambled towards The Wandering Inn, a Gnoll was in distress. Or rather—she was angry and that put those around her in distress.
Bearclaw snarled from one of the safe houses Mr. Soot owned. The Gnoll woman—a specimen of physical danger even by Gnoll standards—paced back and forth as she clenched her paws.
“Who are the Gentlemen Callers? Why are they guarding the damn inn?”
She snarled at Soot. The Drake was pale. His bodyguards shifted as they stood behind him, but the Drake kept his seat. He never visited Bearclaw without at least eight bodyguards these days.
She wasn’t alone. She had a gang, comprised of Liscor’s most violent criminals. And Bearclaw was a lion among cats even then. They waited for their boss’ orders. She had taught them a new level of violence. She’d killed two Senior Guardsman within a week of visiting Liscor. Now she was hiding out, avoiding attracting the Watch’s attention since she was tailed whenever she left the safe houses.
But you couldn’t keep a thing like Bearclaw caged for long. She had a mission. Abduct the white Gnoll child, Mrsha. Kill the Crazy Human of Liscor—or kidnap her as well. Erin Solstice. Steal the magic door…
The bounties through the underworld had been enough to attract Bearclaw’s attention. And the money offered for each was going up over time, not down. All things being equal, she should have been happy about that.
However. There was a point at which any [Gambler] knew it was time to make a choice. Where the betting pool got too high and you grabbed what you could—or you waited a moment longer for a bigger reward.
But wait too long and you’d get nothing at all. Bearclaw did not like how much attention The Wandering Inn was getting.
“That’s four, five Gold-rank teams, even if they’re not all there. Plus any number of high-level irregulars. A [Grand Mage]? We should call this off—”
He flinched as Bearclaw spun on him. Her steel claws and her actual claws were both out.
“No one scares me off. I’ve killed Gold-ranks before. Tell these—these Gentlemen to back off.”
“Bearclaw, please. No one tells the Gentlemen Callers—”
The Gnoll woman slammed her fists on the table. The thick wood cracked. The [Bodyguards] tensed, reaching for their weapons as Mr. Soot recoiled. The Drake [Mastermind Criminal] stared at Bearclaw.
“Tell. Them. They get in the way and I’ll deal with them personally. I’m Bearclaw. You think my gang is afraid of a Human gang from the north?”
She straightened.
“We’re running out of time. I’m not sticking around for the inn to get even hotter. We’re acting.”
“I thought you were going to wait—”
The Drake put up his claws as Bearclaw pointed at him.
“I changed my mind. Listen up! I want you to put together a big raid. On the inn. They get that door. It’s just sitting there. I’ll handle the other targets.”
“What—what will you do?”
The Gnoll woman smiled unpleasantly.
