Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 7
“What? Why? Tell me. I am a [Shaman] of the Silverfangs, aren’t I?”
Satar stomped one foot. She knew that was a bad idea. But suddenly she was outraged! This wasn’t her fault after all!
“You are…”
Akrisa sighed. Satar waited and saw Krshia look at her with a keen analysis, then back to her sister.
“It might be wise, sister. But I will let you be the judge.”
Cetrule looked up from inspecting a bowl of silver dust.
“There is a danger in it.”
Krshia blinked.
“To Satar?”
The older [Shaman] could only shrug.
“To us all, Honored Krshia, Chieftain. Until a decision is made or even proposed…I am uncomfortable with the leeway Mri has to begin with to run about.”
“She is being watched, but she is a precocious child. You are right, Cetrule, but raising suspicions is equally as dangerous. I am comforted that…”
The adults all noticed Satar listening keenly, trying to piece it together, and fell silent. They looked to Akrisa, and the [Chieftain] of the Silverfangs hesitated. For a long moment, Satar waited—and then Akrisa looked her daughter in the eye.
“This is a matter between Chieftains, Satar.”
“But I’m—”
“Even other [Shamans] are not aware of what is going on. I am sorry, but…you do not need to know. Not yet. Nor will I take that risk. Satar, I apologize for—Satar!”
The young Gnoll didn’t reply. She whirled and stormed out of the tent. Krshia slowly reached for a cup of tea and took a sip in the ugly silence after she was gone.
“That could have gone better, no? We…could have told her, Akrisa.”
Her older sister stared down at the ground.
“It is dangerous. Satar is young.”
“Capable.”
Cetrule returned carefully. Akrisa glared at him, but not with any real rancor.
“She makes mistakes. All of us did, but we cannot. Not with Mrsha. It would take one off-hand comment to the wrong [Shaman] and all of the Meeting of Tribes would know a Doombringer was here. And some are murderous.”
“Would she do that? She’s a sensible young woman, from what I see.”
Krshia offered. Akrisa shook her head.
“You do not understand how deeply Doombringers are rooted in the tribes, Krshia. I myself felt a chill until you explained it to me many times. Cetrule?”
“I confess…I thought of every story. We tell many. I will not gainsay you, Akrisa, but I sympathize for Satar.”
“Yet she is immature. She has her head—not in the clouds, but in stories. She is good at Retellings, but if anyone were to take the stories seriously…”
Krshia looked curiously at Akrisa. This was a part of her family among the Silverfangs that she didn’t know about.
“Anything Satar has done?”
“Just silly things young women get up to. Nothing illegal or dangerous. Just silly. I was far too harsh to her with no reason. As for not trusting her…”
Krshia winced.
“It might have been a bad idea. Imagine how we would have taken that?”
Akrisa stared blankly ahead.
“Yes. I regret that already. But it is done. The Meeting of Chieftains awaits. We must bring it up then, Krshia. If all the rest of these disasters and moments of note don’t interfere.”
She sat, with a heavy weight on her shoulders. So heavy, she gave little thought to her daughter’s feelings when weighed against the life of a little girl and the fate of the tribes.
 
——
 
Satar did not slam into her rooms because she didn’t have a door. The yurt flaps didn’t slam. But she did hurl her staff down and tear off her [Shaman]’s dress.
She sniffed. So that was how it was! She was still just the [Chieftain]’s daughter. Not important enough to be trusted with…what was that about Mri? About her stories?
