Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 10
Theophilus stood there as they all drank in that effervescent sky. Slowly, he brought down his hand and clicked his mandibles.
They all looked at him. Theophilus went on.
“So does Heaven.”
He saw a slight stir run through the Antinium. Theophilus raised his arms and clasped all four together.
“Believe in it. Let us pray.”
 
——
 
His first sermon was a huge hit. Zimrah and Jerimy congratulated him when it was done. Theophilus felt a lot of pride in his words.
True, it was no Pawn, Upon the Hill, Cursing Hectval Unto Death and Decay a Thousand Times, but it had clearly moved the [Crusaders]. They looked up at the sky. Yes, look at that.
Theophilus swept up the camp, helped lay hands on a few confused non-Antinium [Soldiers], and felt good about himself.
Until the army came back, and he saw the gaps in their ranks. The dead. He ran forwards and laid his hands on wounded Soldiers and Workers. And Theophilus saw their heads turn to him as he spoke.
“Reinforcements are coming. You are brave. Very brave. Rest. Be healed.”
And he realized…tomorrow, he would need different words.
 
[Acolyte Level 17!]
[Skill – Sermon of the Believer obtained!]
 
 
 
 
Olesm, [Leader]
 
Olesm wrote a letter to Liscor’s Council every day and posted it via the door. He held a war council with his officers. He was at every major engagement, but the front was spreading out across the hills.
However, no one, not Selys, who sent him a gift of more potions, not the Council, nor even the other officers saw the entirety of the war. They saw parts.
Olesm saw all the dead. And what he saw was Antinium dying.
Not Liscorians dying. Not them losing the war. Antinium. Dying. He made the distinction in his mind, because if he said one Liscorian regular died for every ten Antinium, that was not hyperbole.
“Manus has entered the war. I can’t prove it, sir, but they’re in it.”
Wing Commander Embria was frank with Olesm the day after the first disastrous battle. He took counsel with her, Belgrade, and some of her senior officers. Olesm turned to Wikir.
“First Captain, you’ve been with Liscor’s army the longest, haven’t you? Can you corroborate that?”
Wikir growled, shifting from foot to foot.
“I was not with the part of 4th that clashed with them, but this would not be the first time, no. Manus does interfere in wars. Like every Walled City. This…this sounds like a bunch of their best operatives.”
Olesm’s scales went cold. He too knew the practice.
“I’ve heard of that. They want to quietly tip the odds—so they send a group in. Or fund an army, or hire a group like, well, Liscor’s army. I just never thought I’d see it. Wing Commander, are you sure that was…a [Spearmaster] you met? Not that I doubt you. You would know.”
Relc’s daughter inclined her head, and the command tent went through a simultaneous clenching of apprehension. A [Spearmaster]. If Olesm had seen one, he would assume it was Hectval’s champion.
Manus’ [Spearmaster]? Leading a group of veterans with magical gear? Even worse.
“What can we do?”
Ramia asked desperately. She had a bandaged arm, but she, Bepol, and Belgrade had all survived. In fact, they stood with Belgrade, rather than notably apart. If there was one gem amidst the filth of yesterday, it was that Belgrade had become part of the army for holding the line, even when seemingly mortally wounded.
4th Company still stood apart, and Olesm felt a flash of anger at seeing that. A thousand Antinium were dead…but he held his tongue.
