Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 34
Numbtongue paused. He’d met lots of Humans. But now he was certain. The [Enforcer] stared at him. And the slight smile on his face…
“Perhaps this might jog your memory.”
He began to hum. And from his lips, Numbtongue and Yellow Splatters heard a faint tune. A quiet, rhyme. A children’s song.
 
“The night’s been long and the bodies are wet, 
But don’t you fret; be quick and ain’t not a guard who’ll be upset
The good folk are rising, and we’re off to our beds,
The smart thieves away with the loot and the slow ones are dead.”
 
And Numbtongue remembered. The man with the cudgel. The thieves who’d taken Erin’s door. The [Enforcer] winked.
“Jog a memory, perchance?”
“I…”
The Hobgoblin hesitated. This was something else unfamiliar to him. He looked for Erin, but she was still hollering in the middle of the street. And when he looked back, the [Enforcer] had stepped close. Too close.
“I’ve just a question. Sir. How’d it happen that you should cross paths with my brothers? And what terrible twist led you to kill them?”
“Numbtongue?”
Yellow Splatters was staring at the [Enforcer] cautiously. But he was behind the man and Numbtongue—the Hob’s hairs all stood up on end. Pyrite’s memories that had melded with his during the battle were screaming at him.
That sap can break all of your bones in a moment. His [Shatter Blows] Skill is probably recharged. The sap and his hands are so quick he’ll kill me in a moment. It’s something Humans developed for cities. On a battlefield you could kill him. Here—do you lie or tell the truth?
Maybe the [Enforcer] sensed what was on Numbtongue’s mind. One hand tipped the cap. The other hovered on the hilt of the sap.
“In case you were wondering why I’m so insistent…I’ve a Skill. [Grudgescent Terrier], sir. I can see the deaths of my associates on you. So I’ve a question. No unpleasantness for now. Truth is its own reward. Do not lie. Please.”
Numbtongue wavered for only a moment. Then he nodded.
“I killed them…”
The [Enforcer] listened to the short description of the fight. His eyes flickered when Numbtongue talked about the last name’s salute and the nursery rhyme. But all he did when Numbtongue was done was sigh.
“So you had no idea this group was coming your way. You simply saw the boats—and the door that you knew they’d no right to—and made your call. Simply done, sir. Simply done. But it brings up more questions for me, sad to say.”
He stepped back, pondering, and Yellow Splatters moved next to Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin saw two more figures approaching them down the street. A woman and…no, was it just her? She was beautiful as Humans went he supposed, and the scar was very pretty. Any female Redfang would want that. But her eyes struck him as predatory. Dangerous. And she had two blades in her sleeves.
“So this is the one.”
“The gent says he ran into our groups on the way out of the Floodplains. He recognized the door, but how our teams ran into him and apparently an entire tribe of battle-ready Goblins is the real question.”
The [Enforcer] informed the [Nightstalker]. She bared her teeth.
“A Hob and some Goblins killed an entire group and your three?”
“Apparently he’s better in a scrap when he’s armed. And there were…a few hundred of his lot. Now, why weren’t our groups warned that some very expert Goblins were in the area, hm? I think that’s the real question.”
The [Enforcer] smiled, but when he lifted his hat, his eyes were bleak. Numbtongue looked at the [Nightstalker]. The woman eyed him and spat.
“Are you from one of the gangs, Hob?”
“Gangs?”
“He’s a tribe Goblin.”
