Interlude – Relationships
Page 37
She sat upon a frozen bier. It was still cold, and frost still clung to the edges and turned the grass frozen. Mist drifted down around it, and a hundred gifts were strewn about the edges. A doll, flowers, a book…letters that Erin had only dared to look at, then put down because they were too raw.
That was where she had been for so long. That was where the Goblin had once found her. And now, it was where Rags sat.
She stood as Erin stopped there. For a while, neither one said anything. That was what the [Innkeeper] saw. A Goblin in armor, sure of herself, if not this moment.
So different from the small figure in rags who was both terrified and defiant. Who looked at chess and a plate of spaghetti as if they were the richest things in the world.
What did the Goblin see?
Rags saw a panting young woman, clutching at her side, face pale from her exertions. She wore plain clothing and, for some reason, even now, an apron. No longer stained with blood. An [Innkeeper].
She had matured from the young woman who had looked around a hostile world. But there was the same person there, who had slain a Hobgoblin, killed Skinner, and survived.
The girl who had hammered a sign in front of her inn and defied the world was still there. Just wearier. She looked smaller than Rags remembered. For a moment.
Then her lines of unhappiness, of stress and exhaustion, faded as she smiled. Those eyes lit up, and they were the same eyes that danced with something new. Something special.
An [Immortal Moment] was captured in that gaze. Teaching Antinium to play chess. The Goblin’s heart squeezed, and she looked up and saw flames.
Flames, burning over the [Witch]’s head in the shape of a hat. The same color and intensity as those in her eyes. The same determination. And when she opened her mouth, she laughed just like Rags remembered.
For a second, they were both here and in the past. A ragged Goblin and frightened [Innkeeper]—a [Great Chieftain] in armor and a [Witch] with a burning hat.
Then—Rags and Erin looked at each other as a great silence descended. And they had too many words and not enough time—even with immortality whispering around this hill. Rags stood there as Erin looked her up and down, lost for words.
But the Goblin had some. So she closed her eyes a second—and when she opened them, Erin was still there. Rags spoke in a clear voice.
“Hello, Erin. I’m back. I wanted to come, but I have been busy. I wanted to talk to you. Do you have time?”
Erin started. Her eyes went round, and Rags smiled at the look of pure disbelief, then delight and incredulity on the young woman’s face. Erin opened her mouth.
“You can—”
She’d said that before. She knew the truth, but it repeated itself. Their reunions, their past. Erin caught herself. She looked at Rags, and the Goblin gave her a familiar, slightly irked look, one eyebrow raised. Erin bit her tongue and thought for a long moment.
As the inn began to fill up. As the cities began to ring with cheers and these good days of chaos began and conversations and relationships rekindled, the [Innkeeper] searched and thought. Slowly, Erin nodded, her eyes shining with unshed tears and pride as she slowly bowed at the hips. Not out of fealty or service to any custom, but unconsciously, as she had never bowed to Dragons or [Kings].
“…Thanks for waiting.”
