Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 47
A Soldier strode forwards. He was not taller, but he spoke, and in such tones!
[My Noble Virtue: Speech].
Another Worker had grown like the one Lulv had killed. He pushed back a fighting Armored Antinium, running at the Manus [Soldiers] who backed up, visibly disturbed.
[My Noble Virtue: Stature].
A third [Templar] stood upon a bluff, fighting under a dome of light. It seemed like those around him could not die.
[My Noble Virtue: Protection].
 
——
 
The [Templar] of the Free Antinium began to advance. Lulv, snarling, looked left and right and realized—
They had flanked Manus. Liscor’s companies were cycle-charging their sides, and Olesm had neutralized the [Mage] spells from above. They had to descend and risk being shot or circle helplessly.
“Yayde Re!”
And there were Yoldenites, skirmishing with the Drisshians. Wait. Drisshia was pulling out!
“They’re fleeing! Spearmaster, we can’t stop their flight! Liscor’s right wing just overran their center! Spearmaster!”
They were—everywhere. Lulv’s spear killed everything he saw. But there were so many. Shining warriors. Sudden healing. That [Priest] aiming that mark of Hell at them.
Lulv went still in the fighting. He looked around and saw it all clearly.
A moment of calm ran over him. The fight drained out of him. He raised his speaking stone and calmly, in a relaxed tone of voice, even, breathed.
“Retreat. Retreat in good order.”
All the officers were silent a moment, then the order went down the lines.
“Sir? What’s our rally point?”
Someone asked after a moment. Lulv knew they knew. But he said it.
“Manus. We’re going home. We’ve lost this war.”
He stepped back, and the Antinium advance slowed as Olesm saw the retreat and halted the fighting. To preserve his forces. Lulv looked up at him and raised his spear.
Well done. The Drake offered him a rude gesture in return.
 
 
 
 
Lulv, [Spearmaster]
 
The Hectval Alliance objected to his pulling out of the front. Lulv ignored it. He was faced with speculation, officers trying to make sense of it all.
He ignored that, too.
The [Soldiers] of Manus were silent as they just…quit the front. Spearmaster Lulv walked with them, his spear on his shoulder. They would walk back to Manus. Or ride…Lulv was sure he’d need to catch a Wyvern flight to report directly.
However, he needed to walk with them. He had led them there. When the [Spearmaster] did speak, it was to all of them.
“I will make a verbal report, of course. But in my writing, which I think will be sealed to only the High Command of each Walled City—edited for the other ones, perhaps—I will write this.”
The soldiers and officers looked up and listened as the Gnoll spoke.
“To Dragonspeaker Luciva. I, Spearmaster Lulv, held my command in the fighting as long as I deemed the risks appropriate. In hindsight, I believe we engaged with the Antinium force too long. We have made three significant errors in our thinking.”
He counted on his paws. Three.
“Firstly. We do not understand the new classes the Antinium possess. They do not just ‘level’ as we do. They are capable of using a new type of Skill which is neither magic nor strictly a warrior’s Skills. I do not know its nature, but it is a highly powerful class and abilities I have never encountered before.”
More than just intimidation or [Fear] spells. Something about the way they talked…Lulv stared at his first finger. The most terrifying Skill he had seen on that battlefield had not been Crusader 51’s Skills.
