Interlude – Blackmage
Page 12
Montressa couldn’t take it any longer. She leaned forwards and saw the young man lean back. He stared at her. Montressa had grown since the first days she’d stepped onto Wistram’s shores. She was no longer an apprentice looking around with wide eyes but a full student of Wistram, on the verge of being recognized as a [Mage]. Beatrice had long since passed her final test and was now an official mage of Wistram, a [Runeshaper] and one of the secret brokers of the academy.
“What do you want, kid? You want her to stop following you? An accident? If that’s your goal you might as well give up. No secret broker will cross Archmage Feor’s faction whatever you’re offering.”
“What if I said I wanted her distracted for…twenty minutes?”
“Hmm. That would cost you.”
Beatrice’s eyes narrowed. She looked around. Now Montressa saw the half-Elf in question. She swore.
“We’ve got less than a minute before she spots which ward spell we’re behind. Make it fast, Beatrice.”
She began muttering more ward spells, although she didn’t have high hopes of hiding from a mage as experienced as Teura. Still, Montressa had been helping Beatrice out for years now and she knew her way around disguise and ward spells. Blackmage leaned forwards, whispering fast.
“Say that’s what I want. Can you do it? Tonight? Give me a window to slip away and prevent anyone else from following?”
The Dullahan traced a rune on the desk.
“I can do that. The question is how much you have to offer.”
“How about a secret?”
“It would have to be a truly massive secret. Doubt you have that. But give it to me and I’ll tell you what you’ve got.”
Montressa saw Blackmage hesitate. He reached into a pocket and pulled something out. A piece of paper? She nearly laughed. Any [Mage] could read what was on there! If they wanted to look. But she went still as she saw Beatrice unfold the paper. The Dullahan stared at what was written and then blinked. Twice.
“Huh. That would do it.”
“Are you serious, Beatrice?”
The Dullahan looked up. She immediately set fire to the paper and nodded at Montressa.
“He’s good for it.”
“Dead gods.”
Montressa blinked at Blackmage who was looking slightly smug. What kind of secret had Beatrice read? The Dullahan glanced around.
“Teura’s on to us. Human, you want this done now?”
“As fast as you can. Is it possible?”
“Give me five minutes. When Montressa finds you, go.”
Beatrice stood up. Montressa got up casually, dispelling the magics around her. She could see Teura heading towards them. She left Blackmage behind, hoping he wouldn’t be obvious about what he’d been doing. Then again, it didn’t matter. They had a contract.
“He really gave you a secret worthy of that, Beatrice?”
“And then some. I’ll get a distraction ready. Can you help?”
“Point to whomever you want. What if he’s lying?”
“Then he’s blacklisted. But the secret—I don’t think so. How could he know?”
Both older Wistram students looked back at Blackmage. He was wandering around the banquet hall, doing his very best not to look their way. Montressa grimaced. Teura was following Blackmage closely, but she kept glancing suspiciously back at the two of them.
“She knows he talked to us. Bet she knows we’re secret brokers too. Let’s move fast.”
“Agreed.”
The two split up. Montressa and Beatrice walked around the great hall. The new students were gossiping at their tables, talking loudly while some of the older students went over to talk or introduce themselves. Montressa slid past a table of wide-eyed Selphids and found a group of older students, all in their seventh years. They looked up as she approached.
