Interlude – Chess and Ships
Page 11
But either way, it would fulfill his dream of adventure. And—the last entry was the most dramatic of all. It was a short note, but even the Titan’s hand had trembled with excitement as he drafted the message to Wil.
 
I believe this is the location of the last known Dragonship, the Skyflame’s, resting spot. If it is—salvage everything from the hull to mast. And make at full speed for the nearest port capital city. Watch your [Captain], even if they’re the most trustworthy, if you pull anything big up, Wil.
 
If you find anything. If it was there—Wil shivered. A Dragonship. The very ships that had sailed in the ages when Dragons were still sighted, still known around the world. Not a ship made of Dragonhide, or bones. But a ship built by Dragons. Made for them.
All of that awaited. And Wil sat back, happy as he could have been. Friends and adventure, treasure and danger.
It was good to be at sea.
 
—-
 
As the Emerald Signet sailed onwards, the watchful sailor on the crow’s nest scouted for threats in every direction. But, keen-eyed though he was, he could not see far below the waters.
And that, of course, was where the greatest threats lurked. A ship moved slowly under the water, protected by a magical aegis. A Drowned Ship. And the crew moved in silence, dogging the [Storm Sailor]’s vessel.
“Captain. The landfolk and the storm-ship are heading into Seagrass’ trade-waters. Do we pursue?”
The [First Mate] of the Drowned Ship was half-starfish. She had survived a half-beheading, and regrown her limbs more than once. It was true that Captain Lasc was a good [Storm Captain] and his crew was hardy. But every Drowned Folk on this ship had sunken at least eight ships before.
The [Captain] of the Drowned Ship was a half-Eel Drowned Man. He could walk through lightning and generate it, and had a rubbery consistency to his fish-half. He was watching the hull of the Emerald Signet from afar, slowly following it. He replied without taking his eyes off the other ship.
“Everyone and their seadogs have heard the rumor. They’ve got a map of sunken treasure. If it’s Seagrass or an entire armada of storm-ships, we follow. Tell the other Undersea Crews this is our quarry.”
“Aye, Depth Captain.”
Of course, Wil’s journey was secret. And of course, the Titan of Baleros had let no word slip. But Wil, for all his great precautions, his efforts, had made one mistake in securing his crew and going about his great adventure. He’d underestimated, or perhaps, overestimated his friends.
Venaz and Yerranola had big mouths and loose lips. And you know what they said about that and ships.
 

