Interlude – Of Vampires and Fraerlings
Page 13
“Not good enough. Too light. Too…”
She searched for a word.
“Happy. Pop. Bleh.”
There was a twang as Numbtongue’s music slowed down. He raised his head. Gothica stared at him defiantly. Yeah. You heard what I said.
Niers got the distinct impression that Gothica liked annoying the Hobs and Fierre.
“Interesting. Reminds me of an [Anarchist]. [Rebel]. But the dress being a requirement she can sense…that’s closer to a [Jester] or a class with distinct dress requirements. [Chevaliers] have to have a certain style of dress. Hmm. Hmmmm. [Nudists]?”
He was trying to recall other classes with dress-based requirements. Gothica remained helpfully unhelpful, and Niers eventually told Bird to let her keep making her unique dress and makeup. She’d even begun to add to her parasol, in a copy of Fierre’s. Although Gothica, a Cave Goblin, aware of their mission, had begun to try to alter it further.
As in, she was trying to add razors to the edges and had sharpened the tip into a miniature dagger’s point.
Some combat potential there. Her class must at least be intrinsically linked with violence. Or she was adapting it to that. Niers was fascinated for another reason, though.
It sounds like a weak class, but it must be something…well, maybe there’s only one benefit. But it’s a damn good one.
He was definitely going to look into that. But later. Niers was distracted from telling Gothica about the thing she might not have realized yet herself. Because at last, there was some action!
Infinitypear, the new [Adventurer], had disappeared with Rasktooth for a second. Touma the Great, who had been covertly watching Fierre and Garia spar, and wondering if he could learn to turn into mist, edged out of his hiding place and hurried over to the commotion.
“Adventure! Adventure!”
The Goblin was waving something about. He and Infinitypear had had an adventure! They’d gone for a little walk to find supplements for the food, and then it had happened!
“We found a key.”
Infinitypear stood proudly, and couldn’t have known how his words made every senior Goblin and Niers look at him.
“A…key?”
Numbtongue glanced at Badarrow. Snapjaw had come alive, recalling something Reiss had wanted. The others gathered around. They had found a key! Rasktooth told them all about it. Niers sat forwards…then scowled.
“A little racoon had key. Shiny key. We followed. Key! And racoon.”
Salkis glanced at the skinned, red pile of flesh Infinitypear was carrying. She grinned.
“What about the key?”
“Looked about. Was in little den. Had a box! See? Look!”
They’d found…a key. Which a racoon had hoarded, along with a little lockbox. When Bird trooped out with the others, they found an abandoned homestead.
The little lockbox held the owner’s fortune. Which was fifty six silver pieces, two gold, and a gold ring.
Niers Astoragon needed a drink. Rasktooth and Infinitypear were beaming over their find and ‘adventure’, which had involved a bit of quick tracking and exploring.
A Level 5 [Adventurer]’s…adventure. Something an Antinium, who had an income of exactly zero, and a Cave Goblin, who had a similar economic background, thought was amazing. The racoon was worth more than the gold to them, but Infinitypear shared the ‘loot’ with Rasktooth, and the Cave Goblin wore the unenchanted gold ring proudly while Infinitypear got the shiny coins—and an invitation to the gambling with Ulvama, Gna, Octavia, and the Brothers.
“Dead gods dammit.”
