Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 16
Selys closed her jaws before she could give anything away. Erin looked at her friend.
“Okay. I’ll try.”
That was all they wanted to hear. Lyonette strode over.
“Erin. Out of your clothes.”
“Oh wow.”
Menolit’s head snapped around. Erin grabbed her apron and stood up.
“Lyonette—”
“I mean, in your room. What are you, children? If Earl Altestiel is going to court you, you owe it to him to at least not wear…”
She gestured at the floury apron and clothing speckled with Erin-blood from the game and some dirt from gardening. Erin sighed.
“This is where it gets complex!”
“Putting on clothes?”
“Yes! I mean—what’s appropriate. Do I super-dress up? It makes me nervous.”
“I could cast [Calm] again.”
“Maybe [Mind Blank], Montressa—”
Bezale nearly got kicked down the stairs by Selys, who hadn’t forgotten their first encounter. Chastened, the Minotauress joined the group going up to Erin’s room. The [Innkeeper] was protesting.
“I just don’t know—”
“That’s why you have us. And you need us, Erin. Especially if your taste in clothes is as bad as your cooking variety. What do you have? If we need to, we can get someone to buy a decent…”
Lasica chivvied the others into the room.
 
—-
 
It took only ten minutes to get Erin into decent clothing. Which—after she’d kicked out most of her ‘helpful friends’, was a more stylish take on jeans and a t-shirt. Well, that was too casual. It was more reminiscent of the loose garments favored by City Gnolls of both genders combined with an open, short-sleeved (yet high necked) blouse. Fierre had suggested that one for various reasons.
Liscorian style. Lyonette wanted something more formal, but that, to Selys and the others, was suggestive. The Earl hadn’t asked for anything and he’d rather sprung it on her. Just something nice.
As Erin descended the stairs, it began in earnest. The doors blew open—
And Garry came striding into the inn.
“I am told that someone is trying to take Erin away to another continent to marry her! I wish to court you, Erin! Do not go!”
He had a cake. Selys stared at it.
“And so it begins. The courtship gifts. At least someone came prepared.”
Bezale’s comment zinged over the suitors once more. Erin hesitated.
“Garry…there are so many things that—is that cake insect-free?”
“Maybe.”
The [Innkeeper] had expected nothing less. She bit her lip, but the [Calm] spell really was helping. How silly! And yet—she looked over her shoulder. There they were. She supposed she’d always known. Okay—she’d sort of been deliberate about not knowing. But—
Numbtongue? The [Bard] met her eyes, and then looked past her. Erin hesitated.
Really?
But there he was. What had Jelaqua said? Imagine…Erin turned back to Garry, her mind going elsewhere for a moment.
“Look, Garry. It’s just—I’m letting someone court me. I’m not even dating! Wait, is this a date?”
She turned back to look at the others and got a mixed response. Erin threw up her arms.
“The Earl’s not even here! It’s not like I need a cake! What flavor is it?”
“A cherry-cheesecake blend.”
“Oh, really? I’d actually love a slice if it’s bug-free…”
Then came the sound. At first, it was low. It had been building, but as Erin stepped forwards to investigate the dubious cake, she heard a murmur. A rushing sound.
The rain began to fall on the roof of The Wandering Inn. Everyone looked up.
“The [Weather Mage] didn’t predict rain today.”
“That’s Invrisil, Wilovan.”
“Ah, quite so, Ratici. Yet I recall Liscor’s skies were right clear a moment ago.”
