Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 27
Crusader 51 punched him in the face. The Worker bit his arm. Every Antinium halted as the two began to punch each other and roll around fighting. Crusader 51 saw Crusader 53 get up to help, but the smaller Worker should have been easy for Crusader 51, a Level 14 [Crusader], to beat.
However, he was so strong! And he punched and bit—Crusader 51 had used his mandibles as a weapon, but he had never encountered an Antinium who tried to bite as a tactic. He was pinning Crusader 57 down when the Worker suddenly spoke.
“oFF. GEt oFf ME.”
Every Antinium drew back in horror. Crusader 51 leapt away, and Crusader 53 raised his mace.
The first Aberration appeared in their ranks as a survivor of one of the decimated squads. Crusader 57 with the cursed zweihander. Worst of them all.
Aberration.
 
 
 
 
Calruz, [Honorbound Prisoner]
 
“It must die. I will execute it at once.”
Tersk drew his sword and advanced on the pinned Worker. Once again, Calruz barred his way.
“Why?”
The Prognugator looked at Calruz with pure astonishment. Calruz did not know what to think of Tersk. He was intelligent, sharp, a gifted leader with a mind for strategy, and had a lack of fear, even when Manus, a Walled City, tried to kill him battle after battle.
At the same time, he was arguably less intelligent than Rhata or Haldagaz. Calruz missed his pets.
They were with Selys. He would not take animals to a front. Calruz had not trained them for battle or subterfuge…if you would even train common rats to do that. He did have a class.
[Pet Owner]. It had surprised him that he could gain a class as a [Prisoner]. Perhaps, though…he was not one.
Calruz was fighting with no chains on him. He did have a tracking spell and a bracelet sealed onto his right leg. But Olesm had let him fight.
He did not lead forces. Calruz did apprise Liscor’s officers of impending attacks, but he was not permitted to lead.
He fought alone, from front to front. The Minotaur took no joy in it, but he did find a certain satisfaction. This, at least, mattered. One-armed or not, the Hectval Alliance had learned to fear a Minotaur with an axe coming at their ranks.
The House of Minos would look at me like a fool, the way I fight. All of the Beriad would call me insane, even the most foolhardy of them. 
One-armed warriors were not unheard of. Calruz had no prosthetic, but even then, he could have taken his position in an honorable rank of warriors if he were in the army. Yet he fought alone, charging into pikes and spears, trusting to his Skills.
[Steelbound Hide]. A relic from surviving Skinner, falling into the dungeon, and taking command of the Raskghar there. He had possessed [Thick Skin], then. When he charged the Crelers, it evolved.
Drakes would stab into him with mundane weapons, expecting him to defend—but his axe would crash into their ranks. Faster than they could attack.
Offense. Calruz didn’t think of it as a fair battle. Simply war. He would have challenged Manus’ forces for his honorable death…
If he thought he could kill any of them. They would shoot him before he got close. And besides…
The [Honorbound Prisoner] had realized he had to live. At least in this war. Not just so that Hectval would be punished.
For the sake of these poor warriors. For Tersk’s own honor.
“Why must that Worker die?”
“He is Aberration.”
