Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 28
“It seems my boast of safety was premature. There is a fleet approaching.”
“A fleet?”
“Storm Ships. Sixty of them.”
“Sixty?”
“Prince-Commander Khedal. Another sighting. Southeast this time.”
The Minotaur turned. He sighted again.
“Eighty warships.”
A third call. Khedal looked.
“Thirty six. Closer to forty.”
“What is it?”
“Did he say Storm Ships? That can only be—Lord Admiral Seagrass. The Tyrant Seagrass.”
Delivan’s eyes were wide. He looked at Lasc.
“But we’ve broken no laws of the sea, have we, Captain Lasc?”
“Not a one. Perhaps Lord Seagrass is here to give us an escort.”
“Yeah. And perhaps my beard is a nest for baby chicks.”
Merrik snorted. He looked at Prince Khedal. The Minotaur was consulting with his subordinates. He looked up, abruptly.
“We could sail for the House of Minos’ shores. And repel this Lord Seagrass. We have clashed with his ships before. He will never take Minos’ shores. However. I do not believe this is wise. Not for a single son of Minos, and a treasure that is not ours.”
He looked at Wil. The [Lord] numbly nodded. Venaz looked at Khedal, clenching his fists.
“But Prince Khedal—! Are we to surrender the treasure after all this time? Fetohep of Khelt has charged Wil with delivering it! Do we bow to dishonor?”
Khedal’s hand moved like a blur. He grabbed Venaz so hard Wil saw the other Minotaur’s armor move.
“Never.”
Khedal’s voice was low. He pointed.
“Captain Lasc! Head north! Now! We will sail past the House of Minos! Open the Bottle of Winds!”
“We?”
The Minotaurs leapt to follow Prince Khedal’s orders. The Minotaur turned as he strode across the gangplank. He nodded at Wil.
“I cannot in good conscience risk the life of our King and subjects in a siege if this Lord Seagrass would dare it. However—I have placed you under my protection. The least we can do is escort you closer to another harbor. We will delay this Lord Seagrass and his fleets as long as we are able. Minotaurs! Make ready for battle!”
A roar came from the warship. Venaz clung to the railing, looking alarmed.
“Prince Khedal! You cannot risk your life! You are Prince to the House of Minos.”
The Minotaur turned back to Venaz. He looked gravely at the younger Minotaur.
“I do not rule the House of Minos, Venaz of Hammerad. My life is worthless before that of my King. And honor is everything.”
He spread his arms, indicating the sea, the sky, the ship, the other Minotaurs. As proud as the sun. Fearless.
Wil looked at Venaz. The Minotaur’s jaw moved. Then he clasped a fist to his chest.
“You do us the greatest of honors, Prince Khedal. We will not dishonor you!”
And that was it. Captain Lasc was swearing as he moved his ship and the Minotaurian vessel kept pace. The two ships raced forwards, propelled by winds blown from a jar Khedal held.
This was the final hour. Wil saw Fetohep rising from his casket.
“The world has not forgotten Khelt’s treasures, it seems.”
The undead [King] smiled. Wil looked at his friends. And in the distance—the fleet of over a hundred ships drew closer.
“[Stormlord Captain] Seagrass. He uses his fleet to trade and make a fortune. He’s tamed his parts of the sea. No one challenges him—he’s a [King] of the waves.”
Inky breathed. Wil looked at her.
“If he’s a [Stormlord], don’t you owe your allegiance to him?”
The [Storm Sailor] grinned at Wil.
“Even a [Stormlord] doesn’t command us [Storm Sailors]. We pledged to this cause and we’ll…”
She eyed the other navy.
“…Run as long as possible and then surrender when we’ve done most of what we can. We might still make it. There’s one trick Lasc has left. A [Storm Captain]’s desperation.”
