Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 35
“…And she broke the Golem’s legs?”
Femithain had been listening to the whispered report in his ear during the debate with the First Crafters. He rubbed at his forehead. Of course it had happened like that. And he couldn’t rightly blame Nsiia.
That sentiment the foolish owner had expressed was not all-encompassing, but a large number of Golem-owning citizens did have similar views. Femithain did not, but people or animals or things being injured by Golems was a leading cause of injuries in Illivere.
“Er…no, Magus-Crafter.”
“Really?”
Femithain brightened. The [Senior Guardsman] hesitated and Femithain’s face fell.
“She…?”
“She broke his feet, sir. Two stomps was all it took. We couldn’t stop her.”
The Magus-Crafter winced. He looked around; the other First Crafters were wrapping up anyways for a recess.
“I will address the matter. See the man’s injuries are tended to—where is Nsiia now?”
“She ah, went into the heart of the palace, sir.”
“I see. First Crafters, I must extend our recess to take care of an issue that has arisen.”
The First Crafter of Elbe smiled archly. She was refreshingly unconcerned with Reim. However, she pointed at him and called out in a taunting voice.
“Dellva can take as much time as it likes, Magus-Crafter. But come the testing, Elbe’s Golem will be the champion, just like last year!”
The other First Crafters and representatives, who had been worried about the Reim business, immediately turned hostile. They began arguing about their Golems and trying to ferret information about the competitions.
That was Crafters for you. Femithain walked off, shaking his head.
“Not going to say anything, Magus-Crafter?”
The [Senior Guardsman] was impressed with Femithain’s restraint. The man turned and adjusted his spectacles. He spoke in a carrying voice before he left the sealed room.
“Hardly. I expect to demonstrate our Golem’s superiority. Needing to vouch for its capabilities is typical Elbian arrogance.”
He smiled and shut the door as the argument got really heated.
 
—-
 
“I’m sorry. I can’t help you.”
Nsiia cried over the cat. It was blonde and ash-furred, a coloration born of eating magical grasses or something that altered a natural camouflage in its parents. Either that—or there were some unusual landscapes around Illivere.
It meowed, softly. It understood—and didn’t understand. But its legs were shattered. And Nsiia had neither the Skill nor knowledge of how to fix it. Shattered bone…she or a [Healer] could set broken bones. But the cat would not walk again.
“You won’t starve. I promise. I’ll bring you with me and you will want for nothing. Come, little one.”
The former [Empress of Beasts] thought of Thef. So many animals had died. She should have never asked the herds to fight. She should have sent them away. Bled the people who had come to destroy her home with other people.
But the animals had wanted to fight. It was their home.
It was still not right. Nsiia hated Golems in this moment. Hated Femithain.
He had broken the Grand Elephant’s charge with his Golems. It had been war and he had done it for his nation. But she had not forgiven him. Nor had he asked for it.
Someday, they would reckon it out between them. But for now—Nsiia carried it in her heart. She cuddled the meowing cat, which was trying to reassure her.
And people thought animals had no thought or heart or feeling. Such people were beyond fools. Nsiia walked deeper into the palace. The [Guards] followed at a remove. They had seen her break that fool’s feet. It had not been the Golem’s fault.
