Interlude – Dancing and Brawling
Page 17
The young man from Mexico eyed the Strongest of Pomle as he stretched. The Fury of the Winds was exhorting his cult and Iratze had a sense of how this was going to go down. But he saw the Dullahan who had fought earlier was walking over.
“The Strongest won’t use a Skill. He doesn’t need to.”
The cult looked outraged. Iratze just nodded.
The fight, as it happened, went like this. The Fury of the Skies launched a blistering series of punches and chops as Salii called down the count. The air rippled, and slashes of wind burst across the ring. They were sharp blades, so much so that the other warriors ducked out of the way, shielding themselves as they did.
Orjin covered his face. The blades of air lashed his skin, cutting, even drawing a bit of blood. But it was superficial. He held still as the Fury of Skies kept attacking.
“See! He can’t move! He bleeds!”
The [Cultist] shouted. But Iratze noticed how superficial the wounds were. Indeed, Orjin had let the first one hit him as a test. He’d been prepared to dodge, but after realizing they weren’t that sharp, he just waited for the real attack.
Since it never came, Orjin began to dodge the cuts of air. He moved fast, and the Fury of the Winds kept striking at him. The blades of air missed, and the warriors of Pomle blocked or dodged. But…
The blades of air weren’t that powerful. Salii deflected one from afar with her clipboard. They could cut, but with his guard up Orjin’s scarred, enhanced skin couldn’t really take much damage if he guarded his vitals. And he closed in.
Tremor punch. That was the good Skill Orjin had seen. He was waiting for it, but the Fury of the Winds actually got tired of attacking. Literally, tired. Because he dashed in and struck at Orjin. The [Martial Artist] slapped the arm down.
And the Skill missed. The Fury of the Skies ground his teeth; Orjin was sure he couldn’t use it for at least another minute. So he grabbed the Fury of the skies over the head, under the armpit.
The man wasn’t expecting that. Such an ignoble hold! He tried to hit Orjin, but the [Martial Artist] was bigger, had a better position, and the Fury of the Skies had no idea what to do. So he shouted as he aimed a finger at Orjin’s stomach.
“[Pressure Point Bl—]”
Orjin threw him. The Fury of the Skies hit the ground hard. He scrambled up—
And the cult went silent. He lunged at Orjin, finger poking—and Orjin hit him in the face.
“Ooh. He doesn’t know how to take a hit either!”
Iratze saw the Fury of the Skies’ head snap back. He hadn’t tried to cushion or dodge—he just reeled there as Orjin watched him. Then he tried for a punch.
Orjin clinched again. He hit the Fury of the Skies twice in the face, threw him before the pressure point could hit him. Then, as the Fury of the Skies tried to get up, Orjin got on his chest and locked down his arms with his legs. He began to punch the Fury of the Skies in the face.
“That’s a fucking mount. He can’t get out of it!”
The other Earthers who knew anything about fighting groaned. Some had to close their eyes. Orjin was a heavy fighter and the Fury of the Skies had the ability to walk through the air, cut the wind, and shake the earth. But with Orjin on him, he couldn’t move.
So Orjin punched the Fury of the Skies in the head until he stopped moving. It wasn’t a fight. It wasn’t martial arts as practiced by the Cult of the Windcaller’s Wrath, who had gone deathly silent. But it did work. If you wanted to beat an enemy, you could slash their face with wind from afar or hit them with a paralyzing pressure point blow.
