Interlude – Embria
Page 20
“No matter what you might have heard, Miss Solstice, my father is a Senior Guardsman. I hope you give him the dignity of his rank? I’ll remind you that Sergeant Relc has served Liscor’s army and the city for over twenty years. He’s entitled to his faults, and I didn’t hear him pointing out yours just now.”
“Well, of course. I didn’t mean he was bad. He’s changed a lot! Improved! I just meant—”
Erin began to stammer as Embria got up. The [Commander] stepped back from the table and fished for money. She slapped down some coins and walked towards the door—at the precise moment Relc, looking annoyed but also relieved, walked back in. He stopped, staring at her.
“Where are you going?”
“Out. I’ve just insulted your [Innkeeper] friend. I don’t think I’m welcome here.”
Embria mumbled, wishing she could reduce the heat in her cheeks. Relc stared at her face, and then over Embria’s shoulder.
“What? You didn’t get along with Erin? Everyone likes Erin. What got under your tail? Besides me, I mean.”
“Nothing.”
Embria snapped back. Then she caught herself. She shook her head despairingly at the blank, exasperated look on Relc’s face.
“Nothing. I’m just done. Sorry I brought up your past, father. Have fun with the play.”
“Hey, I thought you wanted—”
Embria walked past Relc before she could say something she’d regret. She did anyways.
“We don’t need to keep this up, father. You’ve got your life. I’ve got mine. I’m going back to work. I’ll see you next week.”
With that, she walked out the door. Relc watched her go, as did Erin and half the inn’s guests, who were used to tableaus by now. The [Actors] on stage were taking notes. Erin wandered past the Horns of Hammerad, to Relc. She looked at him. He looked at her.
“Was that my fault?”
Relc sighed.
“No. I think it was mine. Don’t worry, Erin. It happens every week.”
“Every week?”
“Yeah. She always gets around to asking me to rejoin the army. And I always say no. We were having fun up until it this time, though. Well, even if we don’t do that, we argue about the High Command or something.”
The Drake felt at his shoulders, shaking his head. Erin looked at him. And then at the door. Embria had taken the door to the outside, which meant she’d be walking back in the mud and drying soil.
“It didn’t look like that to me.”
“Me either.”
Both Relc and Erin turned to look at the person standing behind them. Relc blinked.
“You’re…”
He hesitated. Then he snapped his fingers a few times.
“Uh, we’ve met. But I forget. Who are you again?”
 
—-
 
Wing Commander Embria was unhappy. And unlike her father, she had no hobbies to engage her. Or rather, none she could really pursue at this moment. She had no friends outside of her subordinates, and she was their [Commander]. So she was alone. And because she was alone, she did what she knew.
The training grounds attached to the Adventurer’s Guild were in use at this time of day, mainly by adventurers who weren’t currently at work. The City Watch must have had their own area, because Embria saw none of them there. She did recognize some teams—the Gold rank teams, the Wings of Pallass, and the Flamewardens looked to be coordinating team attacks together.
They were known even outside of their home Walled Cities of Pallass and of course Embria knew them as part of her job. Another time she might have introduced herself, but at the moment she was just angry. So she grabbed a training spear, eyed it, and then stalked back to her barracks and came back with her regular spear.
