Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 24
“We keep getting jobs like this. I bet Human adventurers or…or Garuda adventurers don’t have to do this.”
“They’re not part of the Walled Cities. And no adventurer is completely autonomous.”
The winged Drake deflected a bit. It was certainly true that other adventurers were hardly apolitical. Some fought in wars, everyone took sides…but adventurers who came from the Walled Cities were different. Sometimes they were assigned missions by the High Command.
“Well, this sucks. I’m bored. My actual adventures don’t take this long.”
That was also true. Saliss of Lights, Named Adventurer of Pallass—had the most boring encounters of any adventurer.
“Did you have any recently?”
“Just last week.”
“I didn’t hear about it.”
“Eh. It was those angry freak-things. Bulls with snake heads. And bitey teeth, you know?”
“Medurulls?”
Saliss pointed at the other Drake. It was late night—they’d been flying for hours, even with his [Haste] potions. He nearly tripped over a rock.
“Yes! Whoa! That! A herd of them! Attacking people on the roads outside of Pallass.”
“How long did it take?”
“To get there or finish the job? Uh…three hours all around.”
The encounter had probably lasted all of five minutes. Mivifa shook her head. Saliss had a motto, which was ‘acid is a solution to 90% of all my problems’. A joke so bad it had gotten him booed out of both the Alchemist and Adventurer’s Guilds multiple times.
A true statement, though. Most of Saliss’ monster-extermination jobs ended within seconds of him tossing a vial at the problem. And most monsters weren’t acid-proof, or at least not against his specialized acids.
It was when he had to toss more vials that it got interesting. People told stories about those adventures.
No one would tell stories about this mission. Nor was it happening. Mivifa was not here. Saliss was not here. Everyone was so ‘not here’ in fact that all the Walled Cities would shout you were a liar and toss you in prison if you dared to spew such falsehoods.
Mivifa was used to it. So was Saliss. So, as Named Adventurers did, they began talking about work as they drew close to the meeting site. No fear of being attacked; not yet.
“Took you longer than normal. What, trouble with Chaldion again?”
“I hate him. Let’s not talk about Chaldion. How’s Oteslia?”
“Buzzing about those [Strategist] kids. Lots of trouble; people keep trying to steal those artifacts from Khelt. The First Gardener is in a state about it.”
“Bleh. I had a job offer about that. ‘Make a cure!’ As if every two-bit Level 30 [Alchemist] couldn’t whip up a blowfish poison antidote.”
Mivifa shook her head. ‘Two-bit Level 30 [Alchemist]’ was a phrase only Saliss could use.
“On that note…rumor is that you’ve got an apprentice. Tell me it’s not true so I can collect all the bet money.”
“Um…true.”
Feathi nudged Mivifa with a wing. Not because she was smart enough to…well, she was very smart. And magical cats and dogs could understand most conversations. And pick locks, some of them. The Drake stared at Saliss.
“Why? You told me you would never do it!”
“It was a favor. Are we there yet?”
The Drake ignored that. And if you didn’t rise to the bait…Saliss sighed after a moment.
“She’s a good kid. It’s nice to have an extra pair of hands, anyways. I’m doing a lot of experiments, she needed a bit of help—don’t make a big deal about it. She’s got a lot of potential. You know the plague?”
“The Yellow Rivers? It just reached Oteslia and it caused a huge uproar. I visited Zeres and it was bad before the cure arrived. Still is, but…what about it?”
“She made the cure.”
