Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 11
The Drake smiled to himself. He bent over the puzzle as the sun rose, poking, fiddling, memorizing what he’d done and not done. He knew he’d have to leave soon enough. He was a Senior Guardsman after all. He had…
 
—-
 
Four hours later, Relc felt his stomach growling. The burly Drake looked up.
“Huh?”
Sunlight blinded him from the window. It had risen and, with the grace and tact of a [Thug], smacked him with its rays of light. Relc shaded his eyes. He checked the position of the sun and then swore.
“Ancestors, I’m late! Why didn’t that idiot get me?”
He shot to his feet and in a panic, looked for his clothes. His gear was at the barracks, ready for him to sign in. But Klbkch hadn’t gotten him! He always—
For the nineteenth day in a row, Relc caught himself. His beating heart slowed as he remembered something.
“Oh. It’s my day off.”
And then on top of that…
“Klb’s on vacation.”
Slowly, the Drake sat down. He looked around, blinking in the sunlight. Klbkch always got Relc before their shift started. In fact—the pair had been working together for nearly a decade. So much so that Klbkch would, on his days off, come to Relc’s door.
“Relc, we do not have work together today. Please do not bother me. It is my time off.”
That was what he’d say. Other times it was—
“Relc. It is time to go and sign in. We are late.”
Or—
“Relc, I have already signed in. I am attempting to wake you up for the fifth time. I will soon leave without you.”
Stuff like that, if Relc had gone back to sleep after his dawn wakeup. But he was gone.
Relc raised one scarred fist and looked at it as he lay on his back in his apartment. He could hear other people getting up, murmuring…it was a disconcerting experience. He was usually first out the door, thanks to Klbkch.
He could still remember punching his friend. Asking, pleading with him to stop. And Klbkch, angrier than Relc had ever seen him, refusing to stay down. Until he’d risen and—
“Klbkch has moves.”
The [Guardsman] felt his chest. He could remember being punched, too. He’d thought he was the best [Guard] on the Watch bar none. But Klbkch had put him and a group of Liscor’s [Soldiers] on the ground.
“Skills.”
The Drake stared up at the ceiling. After a while, he got his magical box and began to play with it without looking at it. Well, now Klb was gone. He’d come back. Relc had gotten used to him, though. And…
The Drake wondered if Embria was on-duty. She usually synced her time off with his. Otherwise, she was training 4th company; they had some new recruits to fill their losses. Or patrolling the Floodplains, helping out in Liscor…
“She must be bored out of her mind. 4th Company too. I’d be giving my [Wing Commander] all kinds of crap.”
The Drake thought about that. But Embria was tough. She’d handle it. She had the voice of authority. You had to have that. You couldn’t just get promoted on time served. Not in Liscor’s army. She’d be fine.
And she’d pick him up at any minute. Relc sighed, imagining her nagging him to get changed into something clean for their father-daughter time. Maybe they could visit The Wandering Inn? She didn’t mind it there. He brightened at the thought.
“Yup, yup. And maybe I can visit Invrisil. That’d be great. After all, I’ve got gold!”
He smiled as he thought of his other, newer job. The Drake bent his head over the puzzle and devoted his attention to it. He kept working, as the sun rose and everyone else went to their jobs.
