Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 25
Already a worrying statement to Trey. Well…that process had been delayed because Flynn and Trey had arrived ahead of all the regular arrivals. Theirs was the only ship who’d made it through the storm, so they’d had days to relax before the regular orientation.
Which was now. The two looked around. Flynn pointed.
“That way? And why not call it what it is? You’re British.”
“What does that have to do with it? Anyways, I bet every single person from Earth has said the same thing.”
“Ah. Right…”
After a while and some help from other [Mages] walking down the confusing, labyrinthine corridors, Trey and Flynn arrived just in time to see other new students, fresh off the boats (and a much safer trip with the magical typhoon further away), lined up in the entrance hall.
Not just new students. Some of the…Earthers…were there too. They, like Trey and Flynn, wanted to learn magic, so they were being inducted from the ground up. Most had not a whiff of magic about them; they were untrained. Trey, by contrast, was about as adept as some of the new students who had actually come by reason of merit.
He sized them up, and they him. Most of the students were excited. Trey picked out some interesting faces among them.
There were the Earthers. Flynn, a pair from Baleros who looked Indian—Flynn immediately called out to them in a language Trey didn’t recognize. They started and then practically ran over to him.
Subtle. The other non-Earthers were staring as Flynn grabbed the shoulder of a younger man and began speaking, a mix of English and…Trey saw it was a young man and woman, both around his age, practically shaking with relief.
It was so obvious. But this was the one place where Earth was an open secret. He looked past the two at some of the older Earthers.
There was the girl who’d seen the magical invisibility-rats appearing to steal some food and gone into hysterics. She was hugging an older girl. Trey had been introduced—briefly. But he didn’t remember her name. She was a new student.
“I say, excuse me, do you know who we’re waiting for?”
That came from a fellow standing with a group of Terandrians. He looked waterlogged—it was still stormy at sea. A [Lord]? Trey eyed them. A group of aristocrats, mage-students. Even a girl with pale skin and blonde hair around the Quarass’ age. However, unlike the Quarass, she looked overwrought. She was sniffing. Then she started bawling.
“I want to go home!”
“Er—it’ll be fine. Excuse me, did you come with a servant or—”
One of the older nobles looked awkwardly around. The girl kept crying; she was, what, nine? Trey debated going over, but one of the older [Ladies] or perhaps even a [Princess] bent to comfort the girl and offer her a handkerchief.
The Quarass wouldn’t act like that. But then—she was also a kind of monster. Trey shook his head. He looked around and spotted another few interesting arrivals.
A Dwarf, scratching at his clean-shaven chin. Or…just a short and stout man? He looked young, though.
A towering giant of a Lizardperson. Not a Naga, or Lamia. But an actual Gorgon, all brawn and scales, clearly trying to look friendly—everyone was keeping away from him except for the Lizardfolk who were telling jokes and wiping water off their scales.
A Drake group, Oldbloods, with wings—one of whom kept coughing plumes of frost.
From Chandrar—Stitchfolk all of the Silk-caste except for two of Cotton. None of Hemp. They were standing apart from the Humans and Garuda groups.
