Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 6
Oiena gasped and Itorin went to shield his son and daughters’ eyes before they saw the splat. And he knew from experience it wasn’t a splat. It was…something you never forgot.
Yet her limp body did not bounce from the roof and land terribly still far below. Rather, the Wind Runner leapt off the tower as the [Knight] reached for her…and flew.
For a tenuous second, her bare feet began to descend. Then her momentum shifted. She flew up as the wind blew in a fierce updraft. Up. Itorin’s mouth opened. He had seen [Mages] fly. He had used flying artifacts himself—who didn’t, when they had the chance?
But this?
“She’s flying! I told you, Father! Look, look!”
Oesca danced, pointing with simple delight. The Wind Runner held onto something that ballooned out above her. Itorin II recognized it. It was not the strange, triangular contraption she’d used to fly in her dramatic run, or even her Windsuit; he supposed those things had been taken away from her, if he even knew they existed.
No, this was a simple parachute. A…bedsheet.
Silk. Strained as it inflated perfectly in the wind. Ryoka Griffin soared past the [Knight] who made a grab for her and nearly fell off the tower. She floated down and away as the King of Ailendamus watched.
Pay no attention to the barefoot runner with the bedsheet.
 
——
 
Of course, she got in trouble. No less than the captain of the guard was ready to slap her in irons and beat her for daring to interrupt the royal family. To which the Wind Runner vouchsafed one thing that kept her alive before the [Prince] and [Princess] came running to demand flying lessons.
“Duke Rhisveri hasn’t prohibited me from using my powers.”
The [Royal Captain] hesitated. He stared at the angry Thirsting Veil [Knights], at Ryoka, and at the band on her wrist supposed to lock down her magical powers.
Which it did. All her amazing magical powers like casting uh, [Flashlight]. Ryoka Griffin knew that he knew what it was. She gave him a big, unhelpful smile.
“Take it up with Duke Rhisveri.”
She saw how his eyes flickered at that. Even if they didn’t know he was the true power, the Duke was still the Duke, and he had a reputation. Ryoka was still ready for some impositions, but then came a striding figure.
“Ryoka Griffin. We must speak, if the winds say it so. By earth and sea, by land and tree, will you speak with me?”
The Wind Runner turned. To her eyes, a limping…woman made out of branches turned to stone came her way, her bark fossilized with time, damaged with battles or trials long gone. A mask hung around her neck, a tiny version of the one in the Court of Masks, but one shaped with exquisite care, more than those there.
It was a perfect replica of what everyone saw, and Ryoka did after she adjusted her perspective. A short—but not too short—Dwarf woman, almost as old, hair gone white rather than grey.
The [Captain of the Guard] instantly turned and bowed.
“Lady Fithea! Forgive the interruption. We were just attending to a matter of royal security. We did not intend to disrupt the gardens. Rather, the culprit…”
Instantly, Ryoka noticed that the [Guards] hurried off the grass they’d been standing on. They looked somewhat apprehensively at the woman they knew as the Conservator of Forests, a high-ranking position in Ailendamus.
Fithea gave the man a blank look. Her voice was no different than it had been in the Court of Masks. Dry, cracked, but with a spark of life.
“You are pardoned. I must speak to Ryoka Griffin. Privately.”
“Yes, Lady Fithea, but—”
