Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 26
“Let’s say there was a matchup. Not a chess board; we know the outcome of each piece, but a real battle. Two units of…pikes, say, charging each other. The odds are incalculable who’ll win. You’re too busy as a [Strategist] to analyze their levels or makeup; you just see the opportunity to clash or withdraw. What do you do?”
“See if it benefits me to take the charge, distract the opponent. If not, retreat?”
It wasn’t really a good question for a hypothetical. Umina shrugged uncomfortably. Niers nodded.
“Fair enough. Wear them down if it’s strategic, force them to spread out and fight. But if you keep getting those encounters, do you keep committing?”
“No, sir. That’s too risky. I’d always want a scenario where I can win, or delay at acceptable…”
Umina trailed off. Niers nodded. He pointed to the two pawns, then put them back where they had been.
“Exactly. No sane [Strategist] gambles with an outcome. We take calculated risks, but we always try to create areas where we win, sometimes at the cost of others. Pull in here, sacrifice this unit, but hammer the opponent where it hurts here. Don’t risk a pivotal outcome to chance. But Queravia—she was a [Gambler]. And—remember her title? She wasn’t just a [Gambler]. She was lucky.”
“You mean in general, Professor? Or with dice…?”
The hair was rising on Wil’s neck. On Umina, her scales were tingling. Niers shook his head.
“No. I mean everything about her was lucky. If there was any scenario where it was up to the odds…sixty percent. Six out of ten. That’s what I think she had.”
“Sixty percent?”
He nodded.
“If every time you flipped a coin, the chances were half and half of it being either side, Queravia had a sixty percent chance of it going her way. And that extended to uncertain matchups. She just had more luck than me. So if we met with two equal units—”
He indicated the pawns.
“Six times out of ten, she won. And sometimes, against impossible odds, her tactics would work. And that created a huge difference over time.”
Slowly, the Titan sat. And now his students could almost see the battle, reflected in his voice, his eyes.
“She was winning. It was like I was playing against luck herself. She’d send in a group of swords to charge a flank I was sure they’d lose and they’d cut through. Arrows would miss taking out a [Captain]. She lost, yes, but she was winning. A unit of pikes would cut through an elite group. And suddenly they were heroes on the battlefield. That was how she fought. She made heroes out of ordinary [Soldiers]. And they leveled with each victory.”
“That’s not fair.”
It flew against everything Umina had been taught. Niers raised an eyebrow.
“Fair? She just had an advantage on her side, Umina. An extra factor called ‘luck’. And she used it.”
The Lizardgirl flushed. Wil just looked at Niers.
“Then how did you beat her, sir?”
“At first I didn’t. I had more soldiers, and resources and she was defensive. But her luck kept equalizing situations. I dare say I was better in pure strategy by a bit. I like to think so, or I would have lost outright. But neither of us could win. We just…hit each other. Again and again. It was a slaughter, but she was slowly overpowering my army. I knew it. So, in desperation, I changed tactics.”
“What did you do?”
Niers looked up. Umina expected a grand plan, a speech, a lesson of strategy. But all he did was shrug.
“I created a scenario where she couldn’t turn the odds. I charged her front, tied up all her forces in an all-or-nothing assault. And in the confusion, I found her command. And I killed her.”
