Interlude – Lifting Ants
Page 4
The question was ridiculous to Erin. Of course it did! But—catch yourself again. She knew biology. Grimalkin was nodding.
“It does, Senior Guardsman. I’ve seen a quantifiable increase in my apprentice’s muscles compared to my control group. I’ll be presenting the data to the Walled Cities momentarily. And—these weights may be somewhat expensive to manufacture, but I can assure you, if any Drake city cares to invest, they will be able to create a…a gymnasium where anyone will be able to improve themselves. For free!”
Grimalkin’s voice rose. And he was striding back and forth, as excited and animated as Erin had ever seen him. She looked at him and realized—he was going to bring weights to this world. And she’d erred in giving what she thought was something relatively small to the [Sinew Magus]. Because Grimalkin didn’t think small.
“Once constructed, these weight-lifting devices do not require any maintenance or upkeep. Now, I’ll go through each weight device I have here with my apprentices to show you all the correct form—do I have volunteers to try it out with them?”
He had his audience sold. They were already lining up to try the bench press. Even Pelt put down his mug and eyed a barbell. Erin stared at Lyonette as the [Princess] stared at the room full of excited people.
“Erin…this is going to change…”
“I didn’t know! How was I supposed to know? He was just supposed to lift stuff! I don’t work out! Who works out? I play chess!”
 
—-
 
While The Wandering Inn hosted Grimalkin and his guests literally learning how to pump iron, the inn was far from empty. Mrsha got bored of sweaty people lifting things—especially since she wasn’t allowed to try—and wandered off into the Garden of Sanctuary to frolic.
And by frolic, she really meant stalking the [Green Mage], Viceria, as she planted Sage’s Grass. Wailant had abandoned his wife, but Viceria had not yet experienced Mrsha’s antics. Which meant Mrsha was ready to pounce and scare the [Mage], or throw water, or—
“[Mudpit].”
Viceria pointed her wand as Mrsha leapt out of the tall grass in the meadow. Mrsha went splut into a deep pit full of muddy, heavy liquid. Viceria smiled.
“Hello, Mrsha. Were you trying to scare me?”
The Gnoll looked up at Viceria. Her eyes narrowed. Oh, it was on.
At the same time, other people were working in the inn. The staff were downstairs, serving food and drinks to people waiting to see what all the fuss was about, and people were working above the inn too.
A group of twelve Workers were finishing the second floor. They’d come by every day to lay tiles, flooring, construct walls, fit windows, and so forth. It wasn’t the horde of Antinium that had descended on the inn under Belgrade’s supervision the first few days; their numbers had been cut by Klbkch’s order. No need to worry anyone.
Still, they worked hard. The Workers didn’t stop for food, breaks, or chatter, and they had all the tools they needed. If they required wood, some of them would hurry down their ladders and jog into the city or Hive to get more. If they needed nails, a Worker would be going to get them so that the others never had to stop working.
They were a dedicated, scarily-efficient force. And more were at work in Liscor as well, building the new parts of the city. But that was a story for another time.
These twelve Workers had been doing their job for about…oh, seven hours. They’d come at dawn, and even if they hadn’t been able to work on the second floor at that time because it was too noisy, they could pre-assemble parts of their work and haul it up later.
