Interlude – Krshia
Page 10
Halrac got to his feet, looking unhappy. So did Ylawes. The [Knight] rubbed at his chin and didn’t look directly at Olesm or Zevara. Ceria remained seated, but she refused to look at Olesm and Zevara as well.
“It’s not an easy decision. But we’re going to leave Liscor today.”
“Why?”
Olesm stared at Ceria. Jelaqua’s tail waved back and forth on the floorboards uneasily.
“Look, it’s not personal. We like Liscor and you lot. But this is serious. Two armies coming down on Liscor? We can’t be part of that fighting. We’re willing to kill monsters, but we don’t take sides in a war. Especially not a Human and Drake war.”
“This isn’t a war!”
Zevara snapped at Jelaqua. She pointed out the window at the city.
“Neither the Drakes nor the Humans have declared war formally! The Humans are driving a Goblin force towards Liscor. If they attack—”
“Then it’s war. Yeah, sorry, but we don’t want to be right after the fact. We know what’s happening. And so do you.”
The Selphid met Zevara’s gaze. The Watch Captain gritted her teeth. She looked at Olesm and Embria, clearly searching for help, but both Drakes looked uncertain. Zevara turned back to Jelaqua and snapped, but Krshia heard the quiver in her voice.
“Drake law demands that adventurers support a city in times of crisis. I could conscript you—”
“Not to fight against our people. And this isn’t a war, Watch Captain.”
Ylawes spoke up for the first time. He looked haunted as he turned and faced the room.
“It is not a just…I cannot understand the reasoning for it, but I have learned that my father, Yitton Byres, is marching with Tyrion Veltras. Our house has sent a large force with him. I cannot stay here. Nor can the other teams. We are going. I am sorry, but this is our decision.”
All eyes turned to Halrac. The [Veteran Scout] just nodded. He looked at Zevara.
“It’s a war. Sorry, but I won’t shoot soldiers.”
And that was that. Three Gold-rank teams stood in the inn. Krshia could see Olesm paling, visibly calculating what the loss of three teams would mean. Zevara just looked from face to face. She gazed at Ceria, but the half-Elf didn’t look up.
“And the Horns of Hammerad?”
“We need to talk to Erin. But uh, we’re not keen on staying either.”
Ceria mumbled into the table. Krshia saw one of the adventurers sitting around her move and saw Ksmvr staring at his captain. Zevara looked around. She seemed lost for a second. Then her brows snapped together.
“Fine. If that’s your decision, I can’t argue against it.”
The adventurers relaxed. Zevara gave them a smile that was all teeth and no goodwill and then turned. She to Olesm.
“Take the mana stone.”
“Wait, you can’t do that—”
Revi burst out. Zevara whirled.
“I can’t? Guardsmen! Soldiers! Escort Strategist Olesm back to the city and place the mana stone to Celum in our armory. Wing Commander Embria, place your best men on watch there. No one goes in or out of Celum by my order. We’re confiscating the mana stone for the security of Liscor. If you want to go north, you can walk. And you’d better walk fast before you run into the Goblin Lord’s army.”
She locked eyes with the Gold-rank captains. Jelaqua, Halrac, and Ylawes stared as Olesm grabbed the mana stone and backed towards the door. Krshia hunkered down in her seat. Was there going to be a fight?
