Interlude – Carriages and Conversations
Page 5
“I’m sorry if we’re bothering you, again. But could we ask some questions…?”
You had to ask about the Djinni. It was like an elephant in the room, except more magical. This time, the Djinni sighed. But suddenly—her voice became a tad more polite and formal.
“I am bound to answer all questions of passengers and perform whatever services are acceptable within the limits of my bonds. Ask and I will answer.”
She turned her head, steering without even looking at the road. Ryoka blinked. But then her mind kicked into overload.
Djinni were the equivalents of the myth of genies from her world. But obviously it wasn’t a one-to-one parallel, like Fierre and Vampires. However, it was clear that this Djinni was a slave, and the owner ran the Unmarked Coach. Also—Ryoka bore in mind all the legends about genies. Don’t ask for stupid wishes and watch what you said.
“I’d…like to know what’s off-limits, please. What rules should I know?”
The woman sighed.
“There are none that…very well. No violence against the coach or its passengers, whether by deed or word. You may leave at any time, but my route is unchangeable. I will do all that is in my power and contract to satisfy your demands, including questions and producing items. I shall not answer questions of information about my bond, my master, or locations or any details of other passengers. Also—you may not request to have sex with me. That last part is new by three centuries.”
Ryoka stared at her. The Djinni looked satisfied at that last bit.
“…What was that about no sex?”
“Disappointed, are you?”
“No! I mean—did people ask?”
The Djinni made a sound of disgust.
“Oh, but they did. And even while I did my business. Far better this job than my last one, I swear it by my chains.”
The City Runner’s mouth opened and closed for a long while. Aside from comments about slavery, rape, three centuries—no, it all felt trite. Still, she had to say something.
“I’m sorry.”
The driver turned to eye Ryoka.
“For what? This is not your burden. Your sympathy breaks none of my bonds.”
She hesitated and her expression soured further.
“…My apologies for the rude conduct.”
“I don’t mind that. Speak your mind.”
The City Runner looked at Fierre. This conversation had gone south so fast it had caught her off-guard. The Vampire girl’s eyes flicked to Ryoka, then the open panel. She spoke in the shadows.
“Be careful what you say, Ryoka. This Djinni might be bound not to speak to other passengers about private things, but she probably has a clause that means she reports anything of value to her master, whoever that is.”
A laugh. The Djinni’s mouth opened and her teeth flashed.
“The Vampire is smarter than you, Human girl.”
“I see.”
Ryoka looked at the Djinni. Slowly, she glanced at Fierre and addressed both of them.
“I’ve heard about Djinni in Chandrar. I didn’t know any existed in Izril.”
“It’s not common. But a bottled Djinni can be opened wherever. They’re best at making the contracts in Chandrar. Only an idiot does it carelessly. How much do you know about Djinni, Ryoka?”
The Runner looked at the Djinni. The driver still hadn’t turned back to the road, but she effortlessly steered around a collision on the road.
“I know a lot of stories. Stop me if I’m wrong. Djinni are powerful, magical beings. They come in different kinds…”
She glanced at the Djinni’s face. No change. Fierre was nodding. There were parallels in Earth’s culture, of course, that Ryoka was speaking of. Ifrit, Genies, Shaitain…er…
