Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 18
“—this is the triumphant return of The Pride of the Wellfar, Sir Relz. One of two Citadel-class ships out at sea. As you well know, House Veltras fought against Ailendamus alongside the Dawn Concordat, and Tyrion Veltras himself is returning, covered in glory—and far younger! I would be, of course, remiss to not mention that House El, House Wellfar, and House Terland also contributed to the war effort. House Reinhart is typically absent, but the others will no doubt be claiming some of the glory, and I expect the celebrations will shake First Landing!”
Sir Relz was on the splitscreen broadcast. As Drassi had said, he really could be clever, but right now he had the bemused expression of a foreigner trying to show mild interest in something he really didn’t care about. The Drake adjusted his monocle.
“I, ah, see, Mister Wetiole. I assume there’s a custom of celebrations? You do seem to give the Five Families a lot of credit.”
The Human man didn’t seem deterred by Relz’s attitude, which endeared himself to his viewers, Erin included. He beamed as he gestured towards the gangplank being lowered.
“One has to, in First Landing, Sir Relz! The Five Families or nobility in general take offense, and their fighting is to the north as the Walled Cities squabbling is to the south!”
Relz huffed.
“I don’t think that’s an entirely appropriate analogy. Can you get an interview with this Wind Runner or Lord Tyrion?”
“We will try! Although Lord Tyrion is infamously aloof—oh, but there’s Lord Etril Wellfar, the [Captain]-appointed head of The Pride of the Wellfar. A very prestigious position after the passing of the late, irreplaceable Gresaria Wellfar, who died challenging the Assassin’s Guild. In this very spot—I think there might be some trouble. It looks like they were trying to remove her statue again, and Etril Wellfar is not going to take that well. Oh dear.”
The camera swung back to the statue, and Erin’s head jerked up.
“Gresaria…?”
The name reminded her of someone. Her eyes locked on…that old woman who’d come after Maviola! But Erin remembered someone else. Someone she had met in the lands of the dead, who had helped save her.
Gresaria Wellfar. And then she saw the crews about to do something to the statue, and Erin felt a pulse of anger in her chest. That was nothing to the look on Etril’s face as he stormed down the ramps.
The cheering and the crowd of nobles prepared for some kind of ceremony stopped as his voice began to sound off in the background. The wincing Wetiole gave commentary.
“It’s, uh—a First Landing problem, Sir Relz. You see, the greatest [Sculptor] in Izril, Haeis of Marble, pulled a Sellme the other day. I think that’s a Drake analogy you can understand? It’s a wonderful tribute to the [Harbormistress] and a work of art—she moves and changes posture, you know. But it’s interfered with First Landing’s statue-limitations law, and it is a problem.”
“I don’t know if ‘greatest [Sculptor] in Izril’ is an appropriate claim to make. Have we compared his levels with Drake—or Gnoll artisans? But do go on about this statue argument? I wonder if we could check in with Drassi again? I don’t think we need to delve into civic details, Wetiole. You are live.”
Sir Relz inspected his claws. At this, the energetic man’s smile faltered.
“I think it’s a bit relevant, Sir Relz. I, uh, could I talk to Drassi? I feel like there’s a bit of hostility here, and she is my inspiration.”
The monocled Drake’s brows drew together in outrage.
