Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 8
—-
 
The [Actors] had all left for Invrisil as [Mages] on both sides of the magical door charged it up. However, they were hardly the only people wanting to visit the inn.
Word was spreading. As it did. And Maviola was suddenly among a press of people trying to get into the Player’s inn, let alone The Wandering Inn.
Fortunately, the bouncer, Redit, recognized Maviola and let her in while blocking the mundane patrons. But the [Innkeeper] in Invrisil wasn’t about to let this many paying clients wait. He waved at Erin through the doorway as she passed by.
“Miss! Miss! Can I have a word?”
“Oh! Hey! Are you the [Innkeeper] of this inn? I’m Erin, hi! Sorry about the confusion!”
The man was slightly portly, but jovial and a manager rather than hands-on—almost a stereotype of an [Innkeeper] as Erin imagined them. Sort of like the Drake, Peslas, from Liscor.
But not as mean. He beamed at Erin, peering into the inn.
“Yes, this is the inn that serves the Players of Celum! We’re renaming ourselves to The Player’s Retreat, actually. My name’s Veeid; I’m the [Innkeeper]. Level 36. This is one of the best inns in Invrisil; we can hold over a hundred regular guests easily. Which we’ll need to do if the Players keep growing! And you must be Erin Solstice!”
The young woman blinked at the man’s obvious admiration for the Players.
“That’s me. Wow, a hundred guests?”
“Of course! That’s most of our profits. We have a stables—very fine [Hostlers] who put any animal that comes in right to rest.”
The [Innkeeper] looked shocked. Erin blinked.
“Stables. Wow, other inns actually have them?”
The man looked askance, and then laughed heartily. Erin smiled too. He seemed decent.
“Well—there’s a bit of a crowd around my front door this moment. My [Bouncers] can keep most of ‘em out, but they’re begging just to see what’s in your door. Mind if I let them in? The Players are out and we’ll cordon them from the regular sitting area…”
“Oh!”
Flustered, Erin hesitated.
“We’re going to switch this door to Pallass and Liscor and other places—but yeah, I can keep it here. There won’t be much to see, but maybe they can chat with other people? If they want to come through…well, the door runs out of mana, but we can work something out.”
Veeid was nodding. He hesitated, looking towards the shouting coming from his front door.
“I—I’d be rather pleased if you kept your door here, Miss Solstice. The traffic might bother the Players, but for tonight? Its profits to be made. I’d give you ten percent of what I earn, even if it’s just letting the people in?”
“Ten percent? Nah, I don’t need—”
“Erin!”
Lyonette rushed over and knocked Erin aside. She smiled at Veeid’s shocked expression.
“Sorry, Erin’s too nice for her own good. Let’s do ten percent. And we can sell through to your inn, Mister Veeid? We have ice cream. Gelato, I think it’s called.”
“You have—well, the Players said you did but I didn’t believe ‘em! More fool me! Absolutely, Miss! Sell into my inn and I’ll have my staff take it. Ten percent?”
“Yes. We can just do a headcount if you want to make it simple.”
Lyonette hesitated, but took the man’s hand. He smiled.
“I’ll do an accounting; don’t you worry, Miss…?”
“Lyon, sorry.”
Veeid nodded, waving at his [Head Waiter].
“Don’t you worry. I’ve heard all about them bad eggs in Celum. Mister Wesle and Miss Jasi had some tales. I’m a fair fighter when it comes to adding and subtracting—I know exactly how much I make in a day, down to a half-copper or pennies! Not that anyone pays with those in my inn!”
He laughed. Lyonette smiled in relief. Veeid glanced at the door.
