Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 17
Kevin didn’t hear himself say it. He just knew the song from the darkness. It played for nearly three minutes. Three minutes was all it took. The Trolls slowed as the beat lapsed into a very slow rhythm, breathing hard, grunting. But the Humans were in full flight.
As for the Goblins and Ogres? They set themselves, warily, in the corner they’d chosen, staring at the Trolls. For the fighting wasn’t done yet.
Thum. Thum. Thum.
An ominous sound. The seventeen Trolls turned back. Maybe they weren’t as big as Somo’s people, but Kevin swore he saw a cut on one of their arms closing as he watched. The Goblins and Ogres eyed them, and Kevin realized the thunderous drums could debilitate them as much as they had the Humans.
Thum…thum…thum…
It was slowing. Each beat growing longer, until it stopped. And the silence was more ominous than the music, now. The Trolls waited. Not for the Goblins to say anything, but for the sound.
When it played, everyone died.
Poisonbite was glaring at the biggest Troll, daggers out. Atter and Pillowhead were pointing to a flanking position, glancing warily into the depths for reinforcements. Taganchiel, muttering spells. Everyone was tensed, and Somo was readying the maul, prepared to take down at least one of her foes. Death or victory! The species, all humanoid cousins, glared at each other.
Except for the actual Human, Kevin. He had actually relaxed.
Drums in the darkness. Mysterious inhabitants of the underworld. He had been prepared for horrors.
All he saw were Trolls. And the music was not the impartial war drums of some abyssal creature. Someone had played that. Someone had a sense of rhythm and music.
In short, Kevin’s opinion was that someone had good taste. Someone could play music, and if that was so…Kevin had a Kevin-solution.
“Taganchiel!”
The [Shaman] started as Kevin grabbed his arm. He looked at the Human, who was holding a glowing object and completely ruining everyone’s night-vision.
“No lights! Stay back! Fighting!”
The Goblin snapped. But Kevin was pointing at the object he was holding.
“No, no! I have an idea! Can you cast magic on this? Make it louder! Louder, Taganchiel!”
The Goblin eyed Kevin. Poisonbite’s head turned. She glared; Kevin was not a warrior. He was here to negotiate and calm the Healer, but all the plans were upended.
Perhaps Taganchiel saw something different. He took the smartphone, touched it, and grunted. He shrugged, casting his equivalent of a loudness spell. Kevin saw him turn. The Trolls were tensing. Some conclusion might be being reached. But before the drums could play and sound an attack, Kevin pressed a button.
Music began to play. It came out of the little speakers, a bit tinny, a bit low-quality. Even so, amplified by Taganchiel’s magic.
A song. 
The Troll warriors started as drums, far less loud, but drums began to play. There was a strumming sound—then a Human voice shouted, full of excitement.
“Crank it up and play it loud!”
That was Kevin’s voice. But it wasn’t Kevin who said it—at least, not the young man holding the smartphone up and sweating bullets. It was Kevin from a while back. Yet the voice was answered in moments. Someone began to riff on an electric guitar. At the same time, the drums continued, less fancy, but they were joined by a second guitar, and, to everyone’s surprise, and Kevin’s mild mortification, his slightly off-key singing.
