Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 14
Numbtongue gave Erin a smile and accepted the tea. He seemed to be over his earlier frustration, and he’d clearly been absorbed by some kind of discussion with Yellow Splatters. Erin peered at the parchment as Yellow Splatters took a mug.
“Whatcha working on? Ooh, are those maps?”
“Tactics.”
Numbtongue tugged at one bit of parchment, looking slightly put upon as Erin peered around the table. She was clearly intruding. Erin made out a list of what looked like classes and Skills. And then she identified some of the drawings. Numbtongue wasn’t exactly an [Artist] and he was no [Tactician], so his picture of a Goblin stabbing an adventurer in the back was crude. But it got the point across.
Erin’s face fell a bit. She glanced up at the Goblin an Antinium.
“…You’re discussing fighting? Really? Nothing else?”
They looked at her blankly. What else would they talk about? Erin sighed, but she smiled.
“I’m glad. Hey, you could go downstairs. If you want! Or I can get you a snack.”
“I ate.”
“And I have imbibed adequate sustenance.”
“Right. Okay! Well, glad to see you two are making friends. Don’t let me bother you!”
Erin stepped back. Numbtongue and Yellow Splatters turned to look at her. After a second, Numbtongue coughed. Erin blinked.
“Oh my god. I’m my mom.”
“What?”
“I have to go. Sorry. I’m cramping your style! Oh no…I’m a mom. Wait, does that mean Lyonette’s the dad? Or the bossy older sister? Am I the dad?”
Erin groaned and slapped her forehead. Completely lost, Yellow Splatters and Numbtongue exchanged a glance. But they were relieved when she was gone. It wasn’t that Erin wasn’t welcome—it was just that both were well aware of how distracting she could be. And this was serious business. They leaned over the table again. Yellow Splatters nodded.
“Back to our discussion. Survival rates among the Soldiers is typically low when encountering powerful monsters. Belgrade’s traps do work well—I will suggest the ones you use to him. We also have magical items, but I am certain Revalantor Klbkch will not allow their use.”
Numbtongue nodded.
“Can make slings, though. Slings are good.”
“Indeed. I am not sure if a Worker can swing four slings at once, but that is a viable experiment.”
Numbtongue laughed, trying to imagine that. Yellow Splatters politely smiled. They’d been discussing how to fight, and to Numbtongue’s surprise, it was actually…fun. Talking about Redfang tactics and survival strategies with someone who appreciated it. Right up until you realized they might all die in one of the scenarios they were laying out.
The Painted Antinium were certainly unlike any tribe Numbtongue had met. They could overwhelm a foe just like Goblins, but their Workers and Soldiers were all a lot stronger than the average Goblin. By the same token though, they didn’t have strong Hobs or Chieftains, with the exception of Yellow Splatters. That complicated things, especially if your goal was to keep as many alive as possible.
Something occurred to Numbtongue as he looked at Yellow Splatter’s description of the Painted Antinium’s forces. Bow unit, low-level [Soldiers]…he looked up sharply, realizing there was an obvious discrepancy besides a lack of magic users and more sneaky and ranged types.
“You know what you need?”
“What?”
Yellow Splatters leaned forwards again. He was more decisive than the Workers, but when he listened to Numbtongue, he was a very attentive student. Who asked a lot of questions. Numbtongue grinned and tapped his belt. Next to the small satchel holding his mined treasures was a vial. He pulled it out and showed Yellow Splatters.
