Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 10
“Strong hands! You’re not as easily pricked as the Drakes or Humans, eh? But it gets softer under water. Like fur, like steel. The best of both. You can make armor out of it. See?”
One of them removed a steelcloth vest and tossed it at Venaz. It was…heavy. Heavier than leather, but a bit lighter than actual chainmail. He whistled.
“Nice armor. Does it protect as well as steel?”
“It’s a bit weaker. But that’s the tradeoff. And we wear cloth made of our fur on top of our fur.”
“They’re one of the better tribes at fighting. And their fur sells for a lot.”
“So that’s where the steelcloth armor comes from. Damn. Do you sell smaller batches?”
“For a Weatherfur friend? Come to the Meeting of Tribes, Minotaur Venaz! And we’ll have far more to sell than just this!”
The Human [Merchant] looked up enviously. Outsiders were only permitted to the outer region of the Meeting of Tribes unless they had someone to vouch for them. The Meeting of Tribes would see trade as well as festivities and meetings. Venaz nodded to the other Steelfur [Guards]. Feshi sighed.
“I only hope our contribution is enough.”
“You mean, one of the Diamond Swords of Serept and yourself isn’t enough?”
Feshi looked at Venaz and touched the dagger at her side.
“It’s necromancy, Venaz. Some of the tribes won’t like it at all. And if the Plain’s Eye tribe objects…the Steelfur’s Chieftain is a traditionalist. We’ll see.”
Venaz nodded. They would. He was looking forwards to the Meeting of Tribes. It was an event he was glad they’d come to Izril for, even if it was still overshadowed by Yerranola’s sickness. And—there would be more than just powerful Tribes there.
“Every Gnoll of note.”
“Every Plains Gnoll of note, Venaz.”
Feshi corrected him. Venaz nodded.
“So—how many Named Adventurers does that make? How many of the highest-leveled individuals of your species? Who should I hope to see?”
“Up and comers? Perhaps—I’m really hoping to get an auto-graph from the Ruinstrider’s famous Adventurer. Do you know Lehra? Lehra Ruinstrider? Leader of the Named-rank Team?”
 
 
—-
 
The Drake town was on the southwest of the continent. Shielded from the Antinium by Manus—and to the southeast lay the great Walled City of Zeres, the City of Storms.
However, this was a Drake town, and while it had walls, it was not the great bastion other cities were. It was supplied by a local river, as so many cities were, and it was notable for the delicacy of the pottery which—
The [Master Potter]’s wall exploded as a Gnoll went crashing through it. He looked up as the raw clay on his wheel was destroyed by a bit of masonry.
Lehra Ruinstrider got to her feet with a groan. The leader of the Named-rank team, the Stargazer’s Promise, looked around, and then ducked.
Magical bolts of light blew out the other side of the potter’s workspace. He stared as she ran.
“Sorry! Niila, stop shooting spells! You’re going to hit someone!”
“Surrender already, Lehra! Fissival’s Light—after her!”
The Gnoll scrambled out of the shop, hurling back a chunk of stone that nearly brained the angry [High Mage] in pursuit. The second adventurer’s team rushed past the potter.
“My shop…”
One of the Drakes, the Captain of the Gold-ranked team, Fissival’s Light, turned to him.
“Bill it to Fissival, sir! We’re in pursuit of a Named-rank criminal—”
She ducked as Lehra hurled another stone and it bounced off the glowing shield around the Drake.
“I’m not a criminal! I found it, fair and square!”
“Fissival had a right to those ruins!”
“Dead gods, you’ve said the same thing for the last year! Let it go, Niila! I—ulp!”
