Interlude
Page 16
Pisces looked at Ksmvr and Yvlon. He touched at his robes, and remembered the army of the undead. The Goblins. The helplessness of the adventurers on the walls, save for a few. He shook his head.
“Stronger.”
Yvlon echoed the word. She felt at her reinforced arms and nodded.
“I can get behind that idea. We need to be Gold-rank. To improve. To become…”
She trailed off. Like Pisces, she stared towards the walls. Ksmvr looked as well. His voice was anxious.
“What will we become? Comrade Pisces? Yvlon?”
The two looked at each other. Yvlon smiled and Pisces raised his eyebrows.
“Why, whatever is worthy, Ksmvr. Something greater. Something new.”
“Together.”
Yvlon put her hand out. Pisces hesitated, then placed his hand delicately on hers. Ksmvr put two of his hands on the pile. The Horns of Hammerad at looked at each other.
“Together.”
 
—-
 
In Liscor’s prison, a Minotaur and half-Elf talked. In the dungeon, the monsters crawled. They bred and fought and slept. It was…emptier. There were still monsters aplenty, but some had left. Goblins, for one. The Shield Spiders had retreated, their mad rampage on the surface having reduced their numbers considerably.
None of that mattered to the dark figure that skulked through the darkness. Toren, the undead skeleton hummed to himself as he dragged another body into the dungeon. Or rather, imagined humming to himself. He was a skeleton after all, and he couldn’t talk.
What he could do was drag things. In this case, he was dragging a dead body. A Human [Pikewoman] who’d been slain in the field. And half of a horse. It was a heavy burden, but Toren didn’t get tired. He did hurry though; the smell of fresh meat would attract scavengers. He’d left a few bodies out to distract them, but if he tarried too long he’d have to abandon his prize.
It was a winding route Toren took, around traps, through secret passages. But at last he reached a spot that he knew very well. He had claimed it. A mockery of an inn had been set up. And beyond it, a door had been placed at the far end of the hall. The door was closed. Toren perked up as he dragged the dead body towards it.
He was in a good mood. The skeleton had been in high spirits for the last few weeks, actually. To him, all the events that had passed recently were nothing but good news. First the adventurers had come by and killed a lot of monsters. Then all the annoying Raskghar died. And now?
An army of the dead. Dead Goblins, all about. Some humans and animals too. And there was Toren. Toren, who was in need of the dead.
The adventurers and the people of Liscor had done a good job of cleaning up their dead, but all the rest were just lying there. Fresh for the taking. And since Toren knew that any body could become a zombie or Ghoul if you did things right, he’d collected the bodies nonstop.
The door at the end of the hallway was shut, so Toren let go of his burden to open the door. He dragged the dead woman’s body and the horse’s half into the door and found a place for them. The dead were piled up. Not exactly neatly, but Toren knew where each one was. He wiped his skeletal hands on the dead horse, and then couldn’t help it. He turned to count.
One, two, three, four…thousand…
The dead bodies filled the amphitheater Toren had found. An obscene mass-grave. Only to the living, though. To Toren, it was possibility. It was death, raw and untapped. And he had amassed the collection all by himself.
