Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 35
They were eating in Embria’s tent as Xith replied.
“Seeing as how this force is being led by a [Strategist], the brass decided to send proper leadership. When they heard he sensibly expanded 4th, they told us to just take over a wing. Not sure if we’re ruffling any scales, but you can tell us how green this lot is.”
“11th makes four companies. Enough to send Hectval packing. If Manus is in it—well, that’s ugly. But once we wrap this up, we’ll help you patrol, maybe even get another fighting force into line. Take the pressure off the Council so they stop enlisting bugs as [Soldiers]. I saw them coming in. Don’t know how you did it alone, Embria, but we’ve got your tail.”
And there it was. Embria realized why she felt vaguely uneasy. Xith almost went to spit before he checked the floor.
“Ants. Are they getting munched up by Manus? I hope so—how’s this ‘Commander’ Olesm? And how badly are the civvies getting destroyed?”
Embria looked at them. She saw two familiar friends from the army. Narkr and Xith weren’t the closest, but Embria appreciated Narkr’s dry humor, and Xith always spoke highly of Relc in private.
And…they were partly strangers. As both companies had ridden in, they’d glared daggers at the Antinium and come in like 4th Company had when they first arrived at Liscor.
Like they expected to take charge and set all things right. Embria recalled the numerous rude awakenings Zevara had given her.
What happened next? Well, Embria had a vision of her saying something—and remembered Maksie standing to attention as Olesm removed her from command.
She thought of her father, who 4th Company still didn’t speak to. She didn’t want that. Instead…Embria poured a full mug for each and pushed it over.
“Ah, well. It’s actually [Commander] Olesm. He got the class. Maksie’s actually a [Scouting Lieutenant].”
“What? That lucky…that’ll rattle up command. So he’s not all hot air?”
“Nope. [Instantaneous Barrage] is his best Skill. Nasty. Oh, and you’ll meet Bepol and Ramia, [Division Leaders]. Pretty sharp given it’s civilian-based classing. I bet you we’ll all be roving, though you’ll definitely take more [Soldiers] under command. Oh—and on the right, there’s [Combined Arms Strategist] Belgrade.”
Narkr choked on her drink of a flat Liscorian ale.
“They put a fucking Ant in charge of our right wing? How has no one mutinied? Or are they running off each day?”
Embria offered Xith a mug, smiled, and looked at them. Here it came.
“You’d have to ask them. But I’d watch yourselves. They call themselves Belgrade’s Ants, all of his command. And Narkr, Xith—tell 6th and 9th to watch their tongues. Because if there’s a brawl, Commander Olesm’ll send your forces back or discharge them from the ranks.”
Both Drake and Gnoll stopped drinking.
“You can’t be serious. Is that what you have to deal with, Embria? We can make a stand—”
The Wing Commander took a breath and looked as seriously as possible at them. If it were her, talking to her—how could she convince them?
Rattle them. Say it as if they were on the same side and she was reluctantly…
“I hate to say it, but he could discharge all three of our companies and 11th and still win the war. The army’s stacking up. They’re real [Soldiers], you two, and you should be careful.”
