Interlude – Two Rats
Page 13
The crowd swung, back and forth. But Erin spoke again, and Krshia next, and they swung closer towards her than the Drake’s side. Because the crazed Human [Innkeeper] stood there with Pallass’ [Senators] and Gnolls and that was plain to see. So the Drake, in desperation, promised more and more. And offered less and less.
“I’ll build the walls twice as high!”
And the Gnoll laughed and shook her head.
“With what budget? Don’t make promises that you can’t keep.”
“In that case, I’ll call for even more companies from Liscor! Bring our army back!”
“To do what? Guard our sheep? Where were they months gone past? They sent a hundred when we needed all and more!”
The Drake ground his teeth. And Mrsha, restless in the crowd, looked up at Raekea and tugged on her hand because she was sure Erin would win and wanted to run and play. And turning, with the two rats in hand, she heard the Drake’s last desperate pitch.
“In that case, I’ll execute the damned Minotaur as soon as I’m elected! No—I’ll have him drawn and quartered! Vote Lism for a justice and a horrible death! Vote Lism and I’ll see justice to every Gnoll who was wronged by him!”
And the rats gasped with the Gnoll as she squeezed them tight. And turning, Mrsha looked up. And her eyes were round with memory and fright.
 
—-
 
“Execution.”
The word came from Krshia. Quietly. And Mrsha looked up at her and remembered.
A bloodstained altar. Gnolls being dragged by Raskghar. A bloody rock. A Minotaur, eyes red with madness. A half-Elf pleading.
Calruz.
And the thought of him filled her with true fear. Because his was another face of her nightmares. Raekea turned too, and Lism, sensing the break in the deadlock, leapt onto it.
“Of course! He’s been sitting in our prisons for months! Too long! What’s the hold up? What’s the delay? Let’s execute him already! I think I speak for all of us that it’s overdue; vote for me and I’ll execute him by drawing and quartering! No, by fire!”
He looked around, raising his claws, and there were shouts of agreement from the crowd. Just shouts. But no one looked ready to object. Krshia just sneered.
“Paltry promises, Lism. That…Minotaur will face justice for his crimes. It’s not a matter of how, but when.”
“You think so, Silverfang? Then why isn’t he already dead? He should have been strung up the moment we got him! Along with any Raskghar—if we’d taken those beasts alive! I’ve heard he’s being kept because our Watch Captain needs proof he wasn’t enchanted or some nonsense. Phsaw!”
Lism spat. Someone in the crowd shouted in disgust. He paused.
“Sorry about that. Anyways, I say, let there be justice—now! No waiting! Only a monster could do what that Minotaur did. Not only was his team one of the ones that released the undead from the crypts, he sent the Raskghar to attack our citizens. So I say—let’s kill him and make it something that would give even those beasts nightmares! Kill that Minotaur! Kill that Minotaur!”
His supporters took up the chant. On stage, Krshia folded her arms, looking annoyed. And in the crowd, Mrsha saw Raekea bare her teeth.
“There’s something I could agree with. What’s taking Watch Captain Zevara so long? Shut up that Drake, Krshia.”
The [Shopkeeper] clearly intended to. Mrsha saw her waving for silence. She also saw Erin waving her arms in the crowd and making her way to the platform. Krshia didn’t see as she snapped at Lism.
