Interlude – Conversations
Page 8
“Cers. Stop eating that or I will tell Chieftain Akrisa.”
Satar, the [Shaman] and his older sister, slapped his paw away from the raw and dried bird meat. The Silverfang tribe did not want for things like runes of preservation, being able to afford them, so ‘bird hash’ let them use a mix of preserved and fresh foods.
Meat. Gnolls ate meat. But since they were also famously good herders, chickens, one of the most economical creatures in any world, were sources of all kinds of food, and all you had to feed them was non-edible stuff.
Bird hash was when you fried up the meat with a gravy or spices, which made Mrsha’s mouth water terribly, then cracked a few eggs and made a simple, fast scramble. Completely dependent on chickens. Then you could plop it into a sandwich, eat it as it was, or add it to another dish.
It was not fine cuisine by any standard. It was food Satar could make with all the adults being busy. Comfort food.
Cers stuck his entire face into the bowl the instant he was passed it. Mrsha ate slowly. Satar watched her, a bit anxiously.
“Are you hungry for something else, Mrsha? Honored Krshia said whatever you need…”
Mrsha shook her head, and continued to nibble on bites of her meal. Krshia was elsewhere; she was the star of the Meeting of Tribes along with Ferkr, who was a guest at the Silverfang camp. But, because of this, she was breakfasting elsewhere; Gnolls just had to speak to her. Therefore, Mrsha should not be anywhere near her if one just so happened to poke their head in.
This was despite Mrsha wearing her disguise. And she was not the only person in this tent, incidentally. Satar and Cers had come over to a small camp that had been newly set up within the aegis of Ekhtouch—mainly because Ekhtouch was the most reclusive and suffered few visitors.
“Vetn, Tesy, stop complaining. Bird hash. Dead gods, that takes me back.”
Qwera took a bowl and reached over, but the two ducked away. Vetn sniffed.
“I thought Silverfang would offer us a fancy dish. They’re rich.”
Satar flushed, and Qwera kicked the younger Gnoll.
“You loved bird hash when you were young. Shut up and eat. You too, Tesy.”
“But I didn’t—ow. Alright!”
The Drake bent over his bowl. Vetn and Tesy scarfed down their food. Cers was already done and begging for a second helping. Satar bowed to Qwera.
“I’m sorry, Honored Qwera. Honored Krshia recommended something simple, like Cers’ favorite food…”
“It’s perfectly fine. I drank water flavored with wild mint when I was out of provisions. You want to complain, Ysara?”
“…I’ve eaten nothing but meat for the last three days in your company, Qwera.”
“Humans.”
Everyone else rolled their eyes. Mrsha kept eating. Despite Vetn’s complaints, she rather liked this meal. It was simple, but tasty. It was something…
Erin might have made. It was about her level of cooking and she lacked the patience for bigger dishes, unless it was a special occasion.
The thought of Erin made Mrsha stop eating for a second. It wasn’t that she was sad. She had met Krshia and Krshia had hugged her and now she was among everyone. From Qwera to the Silverfangs to new people like Feshi and Torishi, who Mrsha thought was the best Chieftain ever, aside from Urksh.
It was just that she had met another Chieftain. Mrell. And Prha. And…
Mrsha sighed. Qwera eyed her, and then began to kick Vetn and Tesy out of the tent.
“I have to get to work. You two, get lost.”
“But I was going to stay with Mrsha…”
