Interlude – Chocolate Gold
Page 5
Erin shook a fist in general anger at the efficiency and pragmatism of the world in general. Then, she had to pause and be real with herself.
“Well, it was never fun, trying to figure out how to make pasta. And breaking those preservation runes…and slicing my hand open…”
Erin paused. No, the bad old days of wondering how she’d find food tomorrow weren’t actually that great, except if you omitted details and put on rosy nostalgia-shades. Even so, she would have liked to try for herself.
“Still, chocolate.”
Erin comforted herself with that idea. Chocolate. It was really good. Actually, Erin wasn’t a huge fan of milk chocolate. Dark was where it was at. And white chocolate was good too. She didn’t know why people got down on it.
…Wait, was white chocolate even made with chocolate? Erin really wished Ryoka were here. She probably knew how to make chocolate.
 
—-
 
As it turned out, chocolate was a hard thing to make. Not just ‘hard’ as in mayonnaise-hard, or even hard like hand-churning butter. But hard, hard. In fact—it was actually impossible for Erin to make in her inn. Lasica had come over, intrigued at the free garden she’d heard about. She had to stare at the garden and then at Erin. When she stopped muttering about strange [Innkeeper] Skills, she told Erin the flaw in Erin’s attempts.
“It’s an involved process, Erin. It takes weeks, apparently if you do it normally. Listen. The first step is to let it all ferment. At least two days. Then you roast it, take off the shell which is apparently a pain, my friend told me, and press what’s left. And that’s a problem for you because you can’t even do step one.”
“Why not? I’ll just toss them in a tray and let them rot. Yuck.”
Erin made a face. Lasica pursed her lips.
“Right. And—Erin. Exactly when will they begin to rot?”
“Well, you said…oh.”
The [Field of Preservation]. For the first time, it was becoming an obstacle. Not just to chocolate.
“It’s a good Skill, Erin. But you need to turn it off or you won’t be able to make anything fermented.”
“I don’t need pickles or…stinking stuff. Kimchi? Well, I don’t know how to make that. I can put the seeds somewhere else! Um…like the Antinium Hive! Or Selys’ house!”
Erin folded her arms, annoyed. Lasica rolled her eyes.
“Why don’t you take all the pods that are ripe and come with me into Liscor, Erin.”
“Not Pallass?”
“No. Your door will run out of magic and I’m not paying for you to go back. Or having you at the bar overnight. Come on.”
With her chivvying them, the pods were collected and Erin, Lyonette, and Lasica went into the city. There, the Drake, with no prior knowledge of the city or having ever visited it properly, walked up to the nearest restaurant, and asked a question. Erin saw her conferring with the [Cook] and [Manager], and then she led them to another shop. Someone there pointed her in the right direction.
“Aha. This is the Gnoll who makes some of that delicious Liscorian fish paste I import. I can buy it directly.”
Twenty minutes later, Lasica pointed Erin to a rather large shop run by a single, fairly hermit-like Gnoll. He smelled. He sort of stank. And he was also a [Fermenter]. He shook Lasica’s claw gingerly and gave Erin a slightly bug-eyed look.
“The Human. How can I help you and Miss [Chef] here?”
He perched on his stool, listening as Lasica explained about chocolate.
“We’d like to purchase a space with your fastest Skills at work. Preferably anything that preserves the quality of the pods. Can you give us a quote and let us know how fast the process is?”
