Interlude – Meetings and Friendships
Page 4
“Er—Miss Solstice, let me refresh your memory. An all-expenses paid tour to the Walled Cities for some promotion! Maybe a deal with your door? We can hammer the agreement down—and the Walled Cities are lovely to tour in the summer!”
“That’s right! You know, Ferris, I did think about it. Before I forgot…and it’s a great idea. But it’s like, a lot. You know?”
Erin patted the Gnoll on the shoulder. He stared at her.
“But the…deal? It’s good money, Miss Solstice. See here, we’d be willing to offer you gold for…”
He saw her eyes glaze over slightly as he tried to get her interest in the very generous deal. But numbers and Erin Solstice and business contracts went together about as well as Shield Spiders and Beavers. You had to really get lucky.
“Why don’t you talk to Lyonette?”
Ferris hesitated. He had—but he needed Erin Solstice to go on a tour. He gave her a weak grin.
“I surely will, Miss Solstice. But as I said—we’d love to have you visit the other Walled Cities. In fact, the reason I came here is to offer you that tour? You mentioned how much you liked Pallass?”
“Hm? Oh yeah. Pallass is cool. But I can’t just go off for like, a week.”
“—We could get you to Manus in three days, Miss Solstice. One of our fastest rides?”
“That’s a lot of time. I mean, Manus is cool—it sounds cool, Ferris—but three days is a lot of time to just travel about. And I should stay with the inn! Really, I’m good.”
Erin gave him a thumbs-up and a smile. Ferris stared at her. Three days to visit one of the six Walled Cities of Izril? A free ride there and back, and luxury accommodations?
He hadn’t been prepared for Erin Solstice, who viewed the longest acceptable travel times as sixteen hours by plane. And who was a homebody. And…
Ferris slunk back to his seat and put his head down. He stared at the [Message] spells waiting for him on the two-way scroll with Rafaema. She was not happy.
“Just kill me.”
The Gnoll groaned. He saw another of the inn’s spies yawning, looking perfectly happy with her lot in life. Of course, Ferris had noted some of the other infiltrators here. Not all of them were grand agents. A few were hired by Liscor’s [Cooks] to see if Erin made anything new.
This was a weird inn.
 
—-
 
Inside the Garden of Sanctuary, Lyonette had decided who the lucky winner was.
“You’ve all made great cases. Just, great. But I have to make a decision. And I choose…”
The [Princess] walked past the contestants—her friends and family. They had all made good points. She passed by Octavia, who drooped—she had gotten the Skill already! If Octavia needed it for more Occillium—but she didn’t.
She passed by Erin, whose face fell.
“Aw. Lyonette…”
Erin was a great candidate, but just…couldn’t keep a secret. If she got two new Skills, everyone would be asking how. And Erin would probably tell them. A [Boon] Skill was the kind of thing people kidnapped [Princesses] over.
Then there was Kevin, who was here for some reason, having been playing games on his laptop. The new [Tinkerer]-[Boarder]. Two new classes! The star of Pallass, already arrested once!
Lyonette passed him by. She didn’t know why he’d thought it was an option. He didn’t even know she was a [Princess].
Mrsha, Bird, and Numbtongue waited expectantly. Lyonette looked at them. She passed by Mrsha, who glared. Mrsha had already gotten the Skill and she became arrogant. Last time she had it, she had refused to go to bed, put on a cape, and become Super Mrsha until she was grounded.
That left Numbtongue and Bird. Lyonette looked between the two of them.
