Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 11
“Sorry, Wailant’s very passionate.”
“Oh, no—I’m glad someone is.”
The two entered the inn. And then Lyonette changed the door to Invrisil.
“Okay, so what are we going to do about the visitors, Erin—?”
And he was standing in the doorway. Erin and Lyonette recoiled, but it was too late. He stepped into the inn.
Reynold the [Butler] bowed smartly to both Erin and Lyonette. He had a letter and scroll in his hands. Erin backed up and looked for Magnolia. But she was not there.
“Reynold? What are you…?”
“Good evening, Miss Solstice. I apologize for the disturbance, but Lady Reinhart has ordered me to deliver both a piece of correspondence for Miss Byres and a proclamation regarding the use of your door. I regret the disturbance, and, indeed, the last incident as does her ladyship.”
Reynold spoke crisply, but Erin’s face was frozen. She had liked Reynold. But that had been on their short ride. And he no longer called her by her first name—perhaps sensing that the trust had been broken.
“What does Lady Reinhart want?”
Lyonette was cautious. Reynold unfurled the scroll. He read out loud and to everyone in earshot.
“In light of the marvelous door connecting Invrisil to Liscor, Lady Magnolia Reinhart, as [Lady] of Invrisil, has decreed that the usage of the door is to be taxed per visitor for any usage with exception only in the case of Miss Erin Solstice and the employees of her inn. The price per visitor shall be six silver coins, two of which will be given to Invrisil, two to Liscor, and two to The Wandering Inn.”
Erin blinked in surprise and then outrage. She opened her mouth, but Reynold went on. And there was a—significance to his words.
“Lady Reinhart also decrees that this door shall not be used to transmit correspondence, merchandise, or any other goods or valuables that would interfere with the natural order of trade without signatory agreement between Invrisil and the concerned parties. This order is enforced by Lady Magnolia’s Skill, [Written Decree] and shall take effect this very moment.”
He rolled up the scroll. And Erin felt the Skill take hold in a moment. There was no flash of light. No other effect. She just knew and was bound by it.
And her mood turned blacker still. Reynold bowed slightly to Erin.
“I am sorry, Miss Solstice.”
“Damn. There goes easy selling the Sage’s Grass. That Reinhart is a clever bitch.”
Wailant cursed at his table. Erin looked through the door. Lyonette herself was…impressed.
Six silver? That wasn’t exorbitant, but you had to pay it twice to get back. And it would prohibit most casual people from entering while at the same time promoting healthy visitation. And it would make the inn, Liscor, and Invrisil a tidy profit.
However, Erin was clearly not in the mood to think of that. She glared at Reynold.
“I guess that’s another thing I don’t have a say in, huh?”
“I am deeply sorry for the inconvenience, Miss Erin. But Invrisil is the domain of Lady Reinhart. She has a vested interest in not destabilizing the Runner’s Guild or Merchant’s Guild.”
The [Butler] bowed again. Erin shook her head. She was angry. Hateful. And trying not to throw it onto him. But she couldn’t help herself.
“Reynold. How can you be part of that? That—you’re not a bad guy. But that was wrong. Magnolia could have talked to me! She could have done anything else! But she didn’t. She did the worst thing. She’s—an idiotic—that stupid—”
Erin literally didn’t have enough bad words or practice using them. She was so angry at Magnolia. But—to her surprise, Reynold looked up and shook his head at her words.
