Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 25
The question dropped into the back of Erin’s mind like a splash of cold water. She looked around, and a figure leaned against the door to the original [Garden of Sanctuary]. He looked…bulkier, not leaner, actually. The armor had something to do with that, but he looked far older. His scales were still light blue, but he had changed from being bookish to being—
Well. A [Strategist]. A [Commander]. A [Strategos].
Olesm Swifttail raised one claw as Erin whirled about.
“Olesm!”
She ran towards him and threw her arms around him. He blinked as she squeezed.
“Erin. You can walk? I heard—I’m back. Sorry it took so long. I can’t leave command so—Erin?”
“Olesm! You look bigger! What happened? I heard there was a war and—it’s so good to see you!”
He gave her a weak smile.
“Yayde re~. A lot’s changed.”
“What? What? Yayde to you too! Do you have a fever?”
He coughed.
“No, that’s how the Yoldenites—”
Relc groaned loudly. He put his claws over his earholes and raised his voice, suddenly distracted from Ryoka.
“No! No, no, no, no, no! Please tell me it’s not them! Not those yodeling idiots with their ponies! They walk around asking what everything is. And they sing at the crack of dawn, and their stupid helmets—”
Erin was laughing in confusion as Olesm grinned. She let go and beamed up at him. And noticed he was different. Olesm would have definitely been blushing and stammering, but this Drake looked—well, tired but smiling.
And reserved. And he’d been in the [Garden of Sanctuary]. As Mrsha raced up to get a low-five and Lyonette came forwards for a drink and a hug, Erin peered past Olesm.
“What do you mean, there’s a statue of…oh.”
Olesm jerked his claw-thumb over his shoulder.
“I came to say hi to Maviola. I was surprised because I didn’t recognize Gresaria for a moment. How do you…? No, why don’t you take a look yourself?”
 
——
 
Even if they were gone beyond being ghosts, Erin remembered them. And she wasn’t the only one. They were in her <Quests>. Something remembered them too, though they were erased. Eaten.
But someone…something had decided they still mattered. Even if their classes and identities were gone. When had they begun reappearing? Erin thought she knew the answer—days before she had been worthy of the Key of Reprieve.
It was as if what was lost was being restored. But there was no record. Yet stubbornly, piece by piece, the statues were reappearing. Because Erin had been there. So the gap was being filled from her. And that…that change in how things were done, had always been done, out of necessity, out of outrage perhaps at a flaw, an unfair lack—
Well, nothing else would come of that. Just statues. And quests. And…
The statues were there. Everyone that Erin had ever met and lost.
Not Olesm’s soldiers. He had walked the hill and seen so few of them, even the Antinium [Crusaders]. But a few were there.
The statue he had come to see should have had fiery hair. It trailed around her shoulders, loose and wild, like flames from a fire. Maviola El’s head was turned, and she looked exasperated, caught in the middle of an argument. A brief spark of exasperation and fondness in her gaze.
The young Maviola El. The one she’d always been. Her body had aged, but this was how she had always burned. The garden had chosen that, not the older woman. And…Erin came to a stop as she saw the plain wooden bench in the grass where the [Lady Firestarter] sat.
