Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 31
However, it didn’t work on Relc for a few reasons. First, he had [Indomitable Will], a Skill that could beat off a [Terror] spell. Second? He was a veteran of battles where enemy illusion spells messed with perception and had recognized one working on him.
The last reason was the spear-trick Relc had learned. The anti-magic enchantment also worked on auras. Stab yourself and you were more immune to spells.
Detective Relc strikes again! Sellme, the [Magical Painter], arrested and brought to justice by the humble, good-looking, exceptionally cool Senior Guardsman…
Relc didn’t tell anyone that night. Nor the day after. When Vok and the other kids flocked to tell him how amazing he’d been the next morning, Relc saw Tesy was there.
“You killed a lot of monsters, Guardsman Relc. I’m glad you saved so many.”
“Aw, well. It’s my job. Those bastards aren’t too dangerous if you get them by surprise.”
Tesy nodded, smiling slightly.
“That’s what the Watch should do all the time.”
“Come on, Tesy. Senior Guardsman Relc is the best!”
A kid defended Relc. The Drake laughed. He ruffled a furry head, and then yawned. Well, he’d brag about it to Erin or Klbkch someday. If she actually could come back…Mrsha, maybe.
 
—-
 
It all went bad during the fifth painting in Sellme’s short tenure in Cellidel. Once again, the painting wasn’t about the Watch, but this time it did have commentary on the two species.
It was of a [Baker] refusing to admit Gnolls while, behind the counter, a bunch of Gnoll assistant-[Bakers] did the baking of the goods.
Relc wasn’t there when the painting was discovered. He was probably asleep or at morning practice with the kids, or heading to the Watch House when a large number of Drakes and comparatively fewer Gnolls saw the painting and caused an uproar. He wasn’t there when one of the Drakes, outraged at the painting, pointed at one of the Gnolls in the crowd and accused them of being Sellme.
The Gnoll just had tar or some oily substance on their fur. It was an unlucky coincidence, but the crowd turned into a vengeful lynch mob in a second. The Gnoll was never placed under arrest; they died there in the street.
That was the breaking point the city was waiting for. It wasn’t a picture of the Watch, but by the time Relc got to work, the air was tense.
“What? What are you talking about? Sellme got killed?”
“No, a damn Gnoll got killed because some idiot accused them of being Sellme! They all tried to put him in a citizen’s arrest and he drew a dagger and got gutted.”
Relc stopped chewing his breakfast as one of the [Guards] snapped an abbreviated version of the story.
“So. How many people got arrested?”
The Watch House went quiet. Relc looked around.
“…So no one got arrested? Sounds like murder to me.”
“It was an entire crowd. You want us to haul them all in here? They scattered before the Watch patrol arrived.”
One of the Senior Guards shot back. Relc looked for one of the two Gnoll [Guards] on duty. They were conspicuously looking away. Keeping silent.
“Maybe just cast [Detect Truth] and figure out which ones were actually the killers. How many people was it? A hundred? Two hundred? You can still…”
“Senior Guardsman Relc. A word.”
The door of Terigrals’ office opened. It was all cascading together. Relc turned his head and felt a familiar sensation in his stomach. A sinking one. Especially when he saw the bloodied Gnoll kid holding the imitation short spear standing in the Watch Captain’s office.
 
—-
 
“Relc. What the hell do you think you’re doing?”
