Interlude – The Great Race
Page 1
But she stayed. Oh, the Gnoll with light grey fur and a snaggle-tooth that other Gnoll boys found attractive until she spat on them was too young to worry about a permanent job. She liked the perks of the inn, like the weights-room, free scrying television, and food—but she didn’t like having to change the magic door every five seconds.
Or Ishkr. It was mainly Ishkr. Liska would admit, under torture, that she had some affection for him. He was just so…boring. He never got fired from his job. He took care of Liska in the sense that he often bailed her out if he found her in the Watch’s lockups, and he was always scolding.
‘Do this, do that, don’t kiss in public, stop antagonizing the older Gnolls, don’t throw rocks through a window of Peslas’ inn for being a speciesist.’
Brotherly stuff. But Liska stayed. Even though she was thinking of leaving with all the Antinium and Goblins coming to work here. Not because she hated them; they made her job easier. If anything, that was a reason to quit working because she wouldn’t leave Ishkr holding down an entire inn.
Erin and Lyonette had no idea how hard it was to work with just two Gnolls for an entire inn! Ishkr had kept it running for ages by himself. True…Liska might have quit, but even so, he’d been alone.
Anyways, she was staying out of solidarity. His girlfriend had just broken up with him.
Now, Erin, upon hearing that, might then expectorate all the liquid from in her mouth outside of her body. Ishkr had a girlfriend? Well, yes. Had.
Liska was angrier about it than Ishkr that morning.
“What did she say? Ishkr?”
He was combing his hair. Just the face and arms; they’d eat in the inn. It was so early Liska was yawning, but Ishkr replied quietly.
“She said she’s going to go with the Silverfangs. She was angry that I wanted to stay at my job.”
“Keisha said that? Where is she?”
“Don’t go and fight her. And come on—you’re late. Where are your shoes?”
He meant the wide, cloth sandals that Gnolls favored. Liska gave him a blank look.
“Somewhere.”
She cast around the small apartment they shared. It was only two bedrooms and a tiny kitchen and dining room, but they made it work.
The deal was that if one person came back late at night from partying or working, they didn’t wake the other one up. They both had a key, and if you made noise enough to wake the other, you were immediately smacked.
The second deal was—if you saw a loop of cloth around the doorknob to the apartment, you never entered. Even if the apartment were on fire. Lest you see something you would never forget.
Ishkr growled. He looked around, and the two finally found Liska’s sandals under the table where she’d kicked them.
“Come on. Let’s go.”
The apartment was sorta clean. Neither Liska nor Ishkr cleaned up much; he did that as a job and refused to deal with her messes. If anything, her boring brother barely spent time here.
“Why do we have to get up at the crack of dawn? Why don’t we stay at the inn?”
Ishkr paused. He put on his apron; he was so ‘professional’ that he was never late. And he kept clothes from work.
“I don’t want to inconvenience Miss Solstice. She used to have only a few rooms. Besides, it’s dangerous sometimes.”
“Crelers?”
“Monsters. Bar fights—anything.”
“Hah, I bet there were only a dozen Crelers.”
