Interlude – Food and Growth
Page 3
“Please. Anyone can grow Sage’s Grass. It’s protecting the stuff that’s hard. I want chocolate now, now, now! If you have seeds—send them to Oteslia! Heck, I’ll get my contacts to put a rush on it if it means more chocolate!”
“Oteslia? Why Oteslia?”
“They grow everything faster, Erin. You want the best agricultural experts in the world? Oteslia.”
That made sense. Erin’s eyes lit up.
“You know, that’s not a bad idea! We’re already buying food and stuff like all that rice and other plants. I wonder if they’ve got…coffee? No, I’ve never seen it sold…”
She sighed. Some of the others looked at her. Saliss paused in gesticulating.
“What’s a coffee?”
“Oh, it’s like this little bean you grind up to make into a liquid. I bet Baleros might have it…sort of the same climate. It’s uh, brown when you roast it.”
Erin tried to describe it to the others. Predictably, it was hard for them to understand. Someone came to Erin’s rescue this time, though.
Imani. She sketched a little bean and showed it around. That helped. But even so—even Palt and Montressa shook their heads. Even Saliss.
“Never heard of it. Does it taste good?”
“Nah. It’s bitter. But it wakes you up.”
“I know what that is. Vell had some.”
Every head turned. Erin’s gaze slowly rotated left. She saw a depressed red-scaled Drake day-drinking. Embria Grasstongue had been in the inn since her father had been…reassigned. She drank a lot. Erin had been working on her. Now, the [Wing Commander] waved an unsteady hand.
“Vell bought some. Oteslia. We were around there…a while back. Before we returned to Liscor. She had some. Roasted beans. Tasted bitter. Ask her.”
Erin’s eyes widened. Saliss of Lights rubbed his claws together.
“Excellent. Chocolate and bitter beans! Oh boy! I’ll put in an order once you tell me what they look like! I’m Saliss of Lights. They’ll grow those trees overnight or I’ll burn down their tree! Now, I need a cake.”
He vibrated in place. The [Innkeeper] gave him a concerned look, but she was excited. So was Imani, as it turned out.
“I need coffee. I’ve missed it. Troy will be happy too. If we find coffee—we’ll be rich.”
Palt and Lyonette and Montressa and Beza’s ears all perked up. They clustered around Erin and an unsteady Embria stood up to find Captain Vell.
Half the spies in the inn went running to beat them to it.
So there was chaos. Madness. And Saliss kept up his manic episode for a good few minutes until everyone had left. Then he stopped jittering and looked around.
Chocolate was okay. Nali-sticks had way more sugar, though, if that was what you wanted. The [Alchemist] glanced at the Human he’d sighted from the start.
Rose was…nervous. She was keeping to herself after the incident a few days back. And while she’d glanced at Saliss with that way people had when they didn’t know the [Alchemist]—she hadn’t joined in on the madness. Now, the Drake sashayed over. He grinned at her as Rose gave him a horrified look.
“Hey, Miss Human. I don’t think we’ve properly met. I’m Saliss. I’ve seen you about. What’s your name?”
“I’m Rose. Why are you—you’re Saliss, right?”
He winked at her.
“That’s right. And I’m your best friend, Miss Rose. I think. So what do you do around here and where are you from?”
 
—-
 
Oteslia had coffee. Or rather, the beans. It was an expensive little pick-me-up that they were trialing in stamina potions. Not mass-produced by any means.
Also, the ‘beans’ were actually red berries unless you processed them. When you thought about it, someone making them into a drink was sort of far-fetched. Especially when stamina potions did such an adequate job.
