Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 57
The Council looked at each other, and Elirr felt that familiar prickling on his skin and fur. Well, that was one person who might not look at a thousand dead as a problem. But a thousand…
Was Belgrade alive? Elirr thought of Pawn, or Silveran, who cleaned his shop and would have done it for free just to pet the cats. The Gnoll put his head in his paws.
“Yet the war will continue. We can’t move the Soldiers and Workers through the door. On foot, then. And that replenishes the Antinium’s losses completely, doesn’t it?”
Tismel broke the silence, sounding almost cheerful. Even Zalaiss slapped his arm, but the Council began to break from its stasis.
“We need to send supplies. That damned door sucks more mana than a [Sailor] sucks down seawater. How did Erin ever make it work properly?”
Jeiss muttered. Alonna sighed.
“Her inn is a leyline. We could move the door…”
Lism interrupted.
“It’s disrespectful. And we can’t ship everyone through it.”
Alonna threw up her hands.
“Well, let’s prioritize! Send the [Healers] and any specialists. We have a few Olesm wants.”
“Anything. How many?”
“Just the [Healers] who we’re shuttling through. A poison-expert for Belgrade. Um…one from Zevara, and it looks like…three Antinium ‘specialists’ from the Free Hive. Huh?”
Alonna caught sight of the names on the list and stared down. Jeiss sat up, and Elirr leaned over. His face turned dark, and Jeiss looked at him.
“You okay with it, Elirr?”
The Gnoll hesitated, then nodded.
“Better Hectval than us. I won’t object. Who are the specialists from the Antinium?”
“No clue.”
 
 
 
 
Olesm, [Leader]
 
Olesm had leveled after that night. As a [Leader]. He had heard that you did, even if you lost a battle, but he felt disgraced.
He waited for the reinforcements. The Antinium had to march, but Belgrade needed the poison-specialist, even though he’d survived the worst of it.
However, Olesm had written to Zevara the instant he’d learned Manus was on the attack. They were now low on potions, but more would come, and they’d have to make do.
Strangely, when he’d told Belgrade that, the Antinium had begged for him to write a request to Pawn. The [Strategist] had insisted on being carried to greet the visitors as well.
It did move Olesm, seeing that the Antinium had some volunteers from his division to do it. The maligned [Strategist] had won over his command in a single night. Olesm wanted to ask him how.
“Who are we expecting?”
“Help for…healing. They did not come with the other Antinium. But if they are needed, they will come. They are an…asset. I am not allowed to say their classes.”
“I see. But they can help heal?”
“Yes. And the Antinium will benefit from them in other ways. They are like Pawn.”
Olesm’s brows sharpened, but he saw the door open.
“Crates coming through! Stand clear!”
The first supplies of potions were shoved through the door, and the most wounded, who needed to get to Liscor, went through next. However, Olesm and Belgrade were waiting for a few people.
“Antidote specialist? Who am I treating?”
A cautious Human came through the door, spotted Belgrade, and hesitated. Olesm waved him over.
“Check with our [Healers], please.”
“I am allergic to wheat.”
Belgrade called out as the toxin-expert hurried past him. However, the two were waiting for the last specialists.
There were four of them. Three came in a group. Olesm frowned.
They were like Pawn indeed. He had never particularly noticed them, mainly because Pawn was odd enough. Nor did he know their names.
