Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 35
Somewhat nervously. Everything was strange to Orreh. He had not been at the Meeting of Tribes. He’d worked hard, sent some of his best pieces out to fetch good coin or be gifts for the other tribes, begged for news of their great gift…
And then heard Shaman Cetrule was dead. Heard that Plain’s Eye were ruined, Drakes were marching on the tribes, Doombringers were Doombearers…
It was hard for him to take in. Liscor—just heading to Liscor was enough to make his head swim, but the Drakes were friendly here.
The Wandering Inn scared him. Krshia Silverfang had come calling, though, and [Architect] Hexel himself was paying social calls?
Orreh had been finding work not smithing silver but doing clay models for the Lamia, who liked them because they could demonstrate his work so his teams understood. His Skills let him model in three dimensions, but [Builders] liked a permanent frame of reference if the [Architect] wasn’t personally overseeing them.
“Why me, Honored Krshia?”
The Gnoll [Councilwoman] looked tired, but she spoke respectfully enough to Orreh, who had some standing of his own.
“Because, Honored Orreh, you are an expert in sculpting silver. You have done wonderful little sculptures.”
“Foxes, yes. Even adventurers—custom work. Vanity projects. A [Sculptor] does the same before making their piece in large. But I’m no [Sculptor]. I don’t enjoy stone or clay.”
He protested, but Krshia just grinned.
“Perhaps that’s enough. Erin is a bit—”
—Depressed. The first sight of the [Innkeeper] that Orreh got was a young woman lying on the floor. It could have been a murder scene with a bit of ketchup. As it was, a white Gnoll cub was poking her repeatedly in the side, and Orreh had to restrain himself from shouting ‘Doombringer’.
“Eh. Eh. Ow. Urgh. Oooh. Stop poking me, Mrsha.”
Erin was contemplating the realities of money as Krshia ushered Orreh in. The [Silversmith] wanted to make a good impression, but the first thing he blurted was completely accidental.
“Tribes of old! Is that silverflesh? Men—women of metal?”
He saw Yvlon Byres and did a double-take. She blushed and almost tried to hide her arms, but Krshia stopped the blushing woman.
“Apologies. This is Orreh, Yvlon. A [Silversmith]. Orreh, you know her arms?”
“Silverflesh? It’s just a rumor. Metal like skin that moves and has feeling…Silverfangs used to replace their missing teeth or cap them with silver. I heard Iraz Steelfur had a Skill similar to that, but I’ve only met a few Steelfur Gnolls. True Men of Metal had bodies of metal that could change shape.”
Ceria smiled and gestured to the embarrassed [Armsmistress] as the Gnoll tried to apologize.
“That’s Yvlon alright. What, was there something special about silverflesh?”
“It’s—useful in combat. I don’t take offense, Smith Orreh. I’m used to it.”
She waved his apology off, and Orreh hesitated.
“Only that it was immune to most diseases and could…regenerate? Oh, and there was some great weakness it had to extreme heat and cold—but that could be said of regular skin. Flesh like metal. I don’t remember. Does yours change from silver to iron or…?”
“No, not at all.”
“Ah, then I’m mixing memories. I could ask those I talked with, but my master only brought it up as legend. One arm gold, the other brass, a [Smith] who forged his body piece by piece. Stories like that.”
Yvlon raised her brows.
“If I, um—start losing more body parts or getting golden arms, I’ll ask you. Thank you, Master Smith.”
Flustered, Orreh turned to Krshia and back to Erin. The [Innkeeper] had sat up and was talking to Krshia.
