Interlude – Burning Alcohol
Page 27
And she performed her magic. She squeezed a few drops of nectar into the drink and mixed it. Then—she set the flower in the glass. And the pink fire consumed it.
The magenta flame burned across the glass, turning the liquid inside into a shimmering glow. The Faerie Flower burned to ash in a second, and Erin stared at the cup.
She looked at the drink. And it was complete. It held…something. Erin lifted the flaming shot glass and turned. Rufelt watched from a seat where he sat with his wife, and the [Bartender] smiled.
“So. Does anyone want a drink?”
The room was silent. Everyone stared at the fiery glass. Octavia looked around.
“No way I’m doing it.”
The guests looked at each other. Wailant half-rose, and so did Palt, Saliss, Xif—
But Relc was first. He strode past Grimalkin who was scribbing notes like a maddrake, and walked over to the bar. The Drake squared his shoulders.
“Mind if I have it?”
Erin handed him the glass wordlessly. The Drake eyed the drink. He looked at the cup, and at Erin. He knew what it held. He had taken the bitter draught of memories before.
He raised the glass to his lips and drained it in one go. The room watched in silence. The Senior Guardsman smacked his mouth and then paused. He looked past Erin. At something she couldn’t see.
“Relc?”
Erin’s heart was pounding. She looked at her old friend, one of the oldest in this world. And she didn’t know what he saw as he turned. Relc took the glass. He stared at it, and at Erin.
Then he hurled it to the floor. The glass shattered, and Erin jumped. The Drake [Sergeant] looked around. And then he leapt onto the bar. He planted his feet on it, and grabbed a second glass and the bottle Drassi had pulled out.
“A toast! To the damned 4th Company of the army! New and old! Raise your mugs, you ugly bastards!”
He shouted across the room. And there were tears in his eyes. Embria started at her table. And 4th Company stared at Relc.
The Gecko of Liscor. They never spoke to him. Hadn’t acknowledged him until Pallass. The former [Sergeant] and [Spearmaster]. But tonight, Relc roared.
“Pour one out, you worthless fleshbags!”
He poured a shot and drank. The [Soldiers] of 4th Company shot to their feet. Not just Embria. They raised their drinks. And they shouted.
“4th Company! The Skywalker’s Company! 4th!”
“And the Gecko of Liscor!”
Embria raised her drink. Erin heard a roar. She looked at Relc. And then saw him turn to her.
“Skywalker?”
“We run on [Light Bridges]. What?”
The young woman paused.
“Is it good?”
Relc looked at Erin. And the fire she held. He raised a glass to his old company, and his daughter. He stared, at that elusive, oft-painful fire. But wonderful, too. And he nodded.
“The best.”
 
—-
 
The drinks burned bright as Erin served them. She didn’t have to, or rather, she wasn’t alone. Drassi and Rufelt were helping her.
The faerie flowers were a bitter poison. And they were poison. A memory so real and painful you could die in it. But when the fire burned, you drank it. And you didn’t see a vision that snatched you into a world of what might have been, or vivid and real memory.
The drink made you remember the best and worst of it. All at once. And that—was not nostalgia. It was not for everyone. But it was glorious.
People were toasting and shouting. The inn was in uproar. Erin had never seen it like this. She had seen it panicked, confused, happy and sad. But this was chaos. Pandemonium.
“It’s almost like a real inn.”
Rufelt stared at Erin. He slipped as he slid a shot glass across the table, and it flicked, spinning, going to hit the floor.
