Interlude – Krshia
Page 20
The little Gnoll was still sitting over her book when Krshia and Elirr came back. She was still reading, but something had gone wrong in the time since they’d left her. Krshia watched as Mrsha’s head bent down, tilted from side to side, and then flicked up. Mrsha was distracted. The single-minded focus she’d had earlier was gone.
“Mrsha? Are you having trouble reading the spell?”
The Gnoll adamantly shook her little head. She scrubbed at her face with her paws, frowned at the book, and then rubbed at her head again. Mrsha was clearly trying to focus, but her eyes began to glaze over. She shook herself, stared at the page. This time she went cross-eyed.
Elirr tugged the spellbook towards him and focused on the spell. This time it took him less than two seconds to look away, swearing under his breath. He looked at Krshia with mild concern.
“I think it is too hard for her. Mrsha child, enough. Do not strain yourself.”
The Gnoll cub protested, but only feebly as he closed the book. She blinked a few times and then nearly fell over as if she was dizzy. Elirr was right. Whatever she’d been reading had stumped her. Krshia made Mrsha sit up and drink some hot tea, and soon the Gnoll was back to her normal self.
“We know enough. She can read the book. There are many spells, but many are beyond her. Whether that is because she is too inexperienced, too low-level, or too young it matters not. The book is genuine. We have our gift and it is a treasure beyond compare.”
“Hope.”
Elirr agreed simply. Both noticed Mrsha was staring at them in confusion, and Krshia decided to explain.
“Mrsha, what I am about to tell you is our history, recent. You know that the tribes have agreed no one is to deal with Wistram? Your Stone Spears tribe seldom traded near the oceans, but I imagine even Urksh was aware of the limitation.”
Mrsha nodded. It was a well-known fact. No Gnoll [Merchant] of [Trader] or caravan would do business with a [Mage] who claimed to represent Wistram. Those who came from Wistram were fine, but ones who directly worked for the academy? No. But she did not know why.
“The reason is simple. We hold a grudge against Wistram, a fierce one for matters of honor and pride. The story is simple. Once, we sent our best to Wistram, our pride, our most talented [Shaman] who would be the first of our [Mages]. Who would bridge the gap between our magics and rediscover the pride of Gnollish spellcraft.”
Krshia closed her eyes. She had just been born when the incident occurred, but she could still remember the outrage. Elirr nodded, his brows dark with anger.
“Forty years ago we went to Wistram and we were scorned and insulted beyond belief. Our representative did not last a year at Wistram before being expelled, as a failure, as proof that Gnolls were unsuited to become [Mages]. Ever since no Gnoll had traded with Wistram, and we hold them in contempt. And since then, no Gnoll has become a [Mage].”
Mrsha sat up, frowning angrily, catching it from the adults. Krshia nodded, but then sighed.
“That is what all adults know, Mrsha. But the truth is more complex. For you see, we went to Wistram in the hopes of understanding a strange phenomenon that has afflicted the tribes for…well, at least a few centuries. Even before our feud with Wistram, no Gnolls had become [Mages] in the tribes. All who tried became [Shamans] or…failed. And we do not know why.”
