Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 22
Ryoka Griffin was picking up Mrsha. But she slowed as Relc plunked his bulging coin pouch on the table and handed Erin a folded up bit of paper. She opened the crinkled paper and saw…
A golden triangle. A pyramid, really. Her face froze. Relc leaned back in his chair.
“It’s called The Golden Triangle. Have you heard of it? It’s the newest thing and everyone’s making money off of it. The way it works is—have you heard of investment?”
He was smiling with excitement, ready to help Erin make a fortune. Of course, she’d only be Copper-rank, not Diamond like him. But in time and if she signed people up…he was so caught up in the speech that he didn’t see Erin putting down the paper.
“…for a small fee, you can join. And you get dividends, which means—”
“Relc.”
“—it’s a return each month, and you get more profits for everyone you sign up. I bet with your door you could get thousands of signups. Tens of thousands! I’ve got a thousand so far, but I get credit for all the people you sign up, you see. And there are ranks—”
“Relc!”
The big Drake stopped. He looked down at the tone in Erin’s voice. She was staring at him, pale-faced. The Drake hesitated.
“What? Erin?”
The [Innkeeper] slowly looked at the paper. Then at Ryoka. She looked at Relc and shook her head.
“Oh no. Relc…”
The Senior Guardsman saw it in Erin’s eyes first. He smiled, uncertainly.
“What? Erin, have you heard about it? I bet not. I practically brought it to Liscor. It’s most common in the Walled Cities—well, a lot of Merchant’s Guilds are on top of it. Big cities have lots of signups. But I—Erin?”
It was in her eyes. The same look as when she’d seen him with the Goblin heads. The Drake felt the world sliding. Desperately, he held onto the table. Pretended gravity still worked.
“It’s made me lots of money. It’s great, really. I—what’s wrong?”
Such a good day. But he knew. As soon as the young woman opened her mouth, the world turned upside down. Again. And like when he’d quit the army, when Embria had run away to join up, when Klbkch had left, when he’d been banned from the inn—
The Drake was falling through an upside down world. And everything that should be—
Wasn’t.
 
—-
 
It took Erin twenty minutes to explain. Ryoka Griffin stood there, seeing the Drake. He was a big guy. Not as big as Grimalkin—who looked like what every bodybuilder dreamed of becoming, too muscular.
No, Relc was just huge. He looked like the kind of guy—Drake—who was a natural fit for heavy-contact activities. Put him in a ring with a pair of gloves and he’d do well.
He was apparently a Senior Guardsman. Also—ugly. According to Drassi. Ryoka didn’t see it herself. She didn’t know Relc, except that he’d raced her twice and he was fast. Unfairly fast. Erin said he was a good guy, despite issues with Goblins.
What Ryoka saw was cracks. At first Relc didn’t believe.
“No, listen, Erin. I’ve been with them for over a month now. It’s solid. Look at this! Gold!”
The young woman shook her head, ignoring the gold coins he slapped on the table.
“Relc. That’s how it works. You’re making money because you were first. It’s a scam.”
“No it’s not. They have investments. See, there are these adventurers and [Mages]—the money goes to them and it comes back when they make big discoveries.”
“Which adventurers? What [Mages]? Relc, they’re made up.”
The Drake pounded a fist on the table. Desperately. Ryoka saw it in his face.
“No! It’s not! I have names! See? This is one of the Marshland Riders team. They’re Gold-ranks.”
“Right. Do they exist?”
