Interlude – Chess and Ships
Page 4
“Huh. I guess that’s why Centaurs don’t appear on other continents that much. You get seasick?”
“You have no idea. You should have gone, though.”
“Mm.”
Umina mimicked Foliana as she quietly packed the rest of her things. Then she hoisted her bags.
“Ready to move into Wil’s place! You think he left it a dump?”
“Doubt it. He’s neat. Yerranola on the other hand…”
The two shuddered. The Selphid had been one of the students willing to go with Wil on his great adventure. In fact, a number of students had gone, many from the special class. Their absence was felt and Umina privately thought Marian was lonely since she didn’t have Venaz to verbally spar with.
But they’d be back. They were going on a ship, to look for underwater treasure. That had something to do with Wil’s wish, although he had been very secretive about the trip.
Venaz and Yerranola had been less so, which was why Umina and Marian knew more than they should have. The others were out at a week out at sea already.
As the Lizardgirl kicked open the door, she turned to Marian with a sudden thought.
“Funny. I know Peki and Merrik are alright. You know, for the officer core, and they’re fun to be around and good in a fight. But I’m still surprised they went with Wil and the others. Well, at least Peki.”
Marian paused as she took the rest of Umina’s bags on her back and shoulders.
“Why’s that?”
Umina paused.
“Well…I’m pretty sure Peki can’t swim.”
 
—-
 
“Man overboard!”
“Garuda! Garuda, and she’s female, you idiot!”
“Hold on! Another wave’s coming! Dead gods. It’s—”
At sea, a wave struck the Emerald Signet, and the galleon rolled with the impact. It didn’t flip over, but the impact nearly sent the braced crew and passengers flying.
They were above decks. Which was a really stupid idea in a storm, but this one had rolled in fast. And the gale-force winds and rain had knocked one of the passengers into the water.
“Peki!”
Merrik howled. The Dwarf [War Leader] clung to the railings of the ship, staring over the port side as the seas raged around him. He could see Peki, her bright purple-and-green feathers a flash of color in the raging surf. But the waves were tossing the ship about and she was struggling in the water.
“I’m coming!”
The Dwarf began to try to jump over the railings, but someone grabbed him. Two people, actually.
“Don’t you dare, you idiot! Let one of the [Sailors] do it! She’ll be fine so long as she keeps her head above water!”
Yerranola bellowed in Merrik’s ear. The Selphid was wearing a Dullahan’s body, with the head sewn onto the body. The last impact had knocked it ajar, and the head wobbled as she fought to keep it on—and keep Merrik from diving in.
Feshi had Merrik’s other side. The Gnoll [Strategist]’s teeth were bared and her fur was soaked. Merrik fought both of them.
“Let go of me, you idiots! She can’t wait! Peki can’t swim!”
Indeed, the feathery shape was thrashing about in the water. It looked like Peki was trying to punch and kick her way out of the water, and only that was keeping her from going under, but she definitely did not know how to just tread normally.
“What do you mean, she can’t swim? We’re at sea on a ship!”
Yerranola stared at Merrik in horror. The Dwarf shouted back.
“She’s a damn bird! She’s got feathers and flies about and comes from Chandrar! Of course she can’t swim!”
“I’ll get the captain!”
Feshi shouted. She began making her way down the heaving deck. The [Captain] was bellowing orders as he kept the ship moving. He’d seen Peki go down and was trying to make for her, but he clearly thought he had time.
