Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 6
Altestiel wiped at a smear of ketchup on his chin. His aides were already using cleansing spells and enchanted handkerchiefs. He waved the outraged [Knight] down as the man was bellowing.
“Do be quiet, man. They’re children. I believe you’ve been struck. Play dead. We’re all casualties. Or—what, does the blood boil ours in our veins?”
He smiled as the [Knight] wavered. A terrified Visma peeked out as the Earl laughed. She relaxed slightly and volunteered the answer.
“You have to join the Erin-army! You’re only free if you do something crazy!”
“There, you see?”
The Earl chuckled. Strategist Kiish looked horribly offended at…everything.
“Milord, we could arrange a private room if you wish to dine here—”
By here, she clearly meant ‘in this cesspool of wanton disrespect and filth’. But the Earl just fixed her with a stern look.
“Kiish, that would completely defeat the point.”
The Earl sighed. They just didn’t seem to understand. Sometimes he despaired of his loyal, competent, yet…narrow-minded aides. Ask them to destroy the enemy’s fortifications and they would give you a hundred solutions. Ask them to find the value in this inn? They would rather sip tea in a fancy Invrisil café.
This was The Wandering Inn. And today…it was chaotically calm. The kids, somewhat subdued, moved their playing to the higher floors and the garden. Now that the battle for Liscor was over, they’d probably play ‘dungeon death’ with Facestealer.
“I’m Facestealer! Me! Me!”
Ekirra howled as the others tried to get the position. Meanwhile, Mrsha had gone over to Palt and was tugging on his leg.
“What? Mrsha, I’m busy—”
He was making more of his products, rolling powder up, inserting magical plant bits between tobacco, and so on. He also had a few mushrooms from the Wailant farm. But he obligingly bent over.
“Palt, can you cast [Darkness] on the second floor for us? Pwease?”
Mrsha’s handwriting was accompanied by a cute little heart. Palt chuckled at the bare manipulation in the writing.
“Don’t you have the Shadow Loaf?”
Mrsha shook her head rapidly. She didn’t know where Erin had put it! And besides, they wanted darkness! Then they could creep about, hiding from the ‘Facestealer’.
“Oh, alright then.”
Palt heaved himself to his hooves with a sigh. He passed by Numbtongue, who was practicing on the guitar. The Hobgoblin demurred when Mrsha asked him to help play.
A fun, grand time. Erin Solstice was a bit miffed about her role in the games, but she let it slide. She wandered over to a blue Drake playing chess against an Antinium in a corner of the inn.
“Olesm! Any news from Maviola?”
The Drake and Belgrade looked up. Olesm shook his head.
“Not yet. She’s still on her way. Saliss too?”
“Yep. A lot slower since they’re not like, running all the way back, right? With [Haste] potions and stuff…”
“Miss Erin, hello.”
“Hello, Belgrade. What’s up?
The [Trapsetter Tactician] stopped waving one hand.
“Has Miss Ryoka sent word?”
For a moment Erin’s smile faltered.
“…She’s still recovering, I think, Belgrade. No word from her. I’m sure she’ll be sending [Messages] by the time Saliss and Maviola arrive. Like, tomorrow. Right, Olesm?”
He nodded.
“That’s when Maviola thinks she’ll arrive. Tomorrow or the next day. Ryoka will be awake by then.”
Surely. Erin sighed, but Ryoka was fine. Being tended to…Maviola and Saliss were coming back, and the Circle and Guild of Assassins was being taken to pieces.
The worst was over.
 
—-
 
