Interlude – Of Vampires and Fraerlings
Page 4
You had to appeal to the Hob to get a Goblin to do anything. Said Hobs continued to ignore Fierre. Ulvama had woken up from her snoring. She scratched at her side, yawning, as Octavia mashed some ingredients into powder using a mortar and pestle.
“It food time yet?”
“Nope. We ate an hour ago, remember?”
“Only slept an hour? Drat.”
Ulvama lay back, but she couldn’t get quite comfortable on the food and supplies, despite all the blankets she had piled about herself.
“Too hot. I want food.”
“Well, Bird won’t stop unt—what are you doing?”
The [Shaman] looked up innocently as she put an iron pot on a corner of the wagon and drew a glowing orange rune on the wood. She flapped her claws at Octavia.
“Go back to make powder. Nothing, nothing.”
Octavia craned her neck. She was actually helping Ulvama make more of her paints in exchange for lessons on how they were applied and trading information. The lazy Hobgoblin didn’t like doing it if she could get someone else to, and Octavia didn’t mind; there wasn’t much else to do, and mixing potions and bumpy wagons did not go together.
She stared as Ulvama dumped some water out of a flask into the pot. The rune was glowing, and Octavia put her hand out, felt the heat, and edged backwards in alarm!
“You’ll set the wagon on fire!”
Touma the Great, the aspiring [Martial Artist], watched as Garia began trying to practice jump kicks on the march. He glanced over as Ulvama calmly ignored Octavia’s panic.
“Hush. Only heat. Not fire…not unless silly cloth girl starts one. Hot enough to boil. Yum.”
The ‘yum’ was because she had waited for the water to boil—very quickly with a second spell to help the heating—and then she dunked four fat, lovely eggs in from the goose Bird had shot.
She was boiling the eggs. Octavia’s mouth opened and closed. Ulvama glanced at her.
“What? You want? Fine. Boiled eggs is good.”
She put another one in with a sigh, and then lay back, counting. Octavia glanced around. Everyone else was marching or riding.
“…You’re just making boiled eggs?”
“Yup.”
“Just like that?”
“Mhm. Boiled eggs is nice. You—get Sally-peppers.”
She meant Salamander Peppers. Octavia snatched them back as Ulvama went for the vial.
“That’s an alchemy ingredient!”
“Boo. Okay, just pepper and salt. Mm.”
Ulvama waited exactly four minutes, then pulled out the eggs fast, cursing as she peeled them with a minor heat charm, and ate them, sucking out the gooey insides. She gave one to Octavia, who juggled it and then guiltily ate.
She noticed one of the Redfang Goblins, her face painted with combat paint, staring accusatorily at her. Octavia pointed weakly at Ulvama.
“She was making them. I didn’t! It was…”
“Give.”
Octavia stared at the hand, but she had no more boiled egg; Ulvama slapped her hand when she tried to take one of the remaining three, but the Redfang didn’t care.
“Egg. Egg!”
She impatiently clapped her hands until Octavia tossed her a raw egg. To the [Alchemist]’s mild surprise—not horror—the female Hob instantly cracked the egg into her mouth, then jumped from her saddle. She had something in her claws, popped it into her mouth, and chewed.
“Yum.”
Sergeant Gna stared back at the female Hobgoblin.
“…Did she just crack a raw egg into her mouth then add a handful of dirt? Is she eating that eggshell?”
“…Yep.”
Salkis nodded slowly. The Hob smacked her lips with every sign of relish.
“Gothica, what was that?”
Fierre asked the [Goth] Goblin since the Cave Goblin was now chattier, and refused to leave. Gothica glanced at the Redfang dismissively.
“Dirtbite snack.”
“Dirtbite snack?”
