Interlude – Foliana
Page 19
To a brothel. It was…very inviting. There was the smell of strawberries in the air, and but for the name, Umina could have imagined this was some high-class bar or other establishment. But…she knew it was a brothel. Feshi kept sniffing the air, and she looked almost as embarrassed.
“This is not exactly where babies may be found, Lady Stalker.”
“There might be. Go in. Mm.”
The Squirrel-woman was insistent. The students looked at each other. At this point, Marian felt compelled to put her hoof down. She turned her torso to address Foliana politely.
“Lady Foliana, not to disagree, but there won’t be any babies inside this…brothel. It’s not a place for that. As I’m sure you’re aware?”
That last was a question. It was impossible to read Foliana’s face. She stared at Marian and the tri-colored gaze made the Centauress shiver.
“Odds of babies being within are low. True. But go in anyways. Mm.”
“Why not? If you three haven’t ever gotten your scales wet, it’s beyond time!”
Kissilt was enjoying the moment. He put an arm around Wil and Cameral and both Dullahan and Human edged away. Venaz frowned.
“Surely it would be better for them to find their own company, Kissilt. After all, what can one expect from a…place like this?”
Yerranola rolled her eyes.
“Quality, Venaz? Don’t be so dismissive! What we have here are experts in the field of sex. With levels! And Skills! Dead gods, you’ve never heard [Sailors] sing about going to brothels?”
Venaz folded his arms.
“Minotaur crews don’t sing bawdy songs. But I suppose we could go inside.”
He looked around. Marian shifted her hooves, but Foliana was urging her forwards. Umina’s mouth was dry.
“I—I don’t know. This is sudden! Why are we here? And Wil and Cameral shouldn’t go in if they don’t want to! Dullahans wait until they’re married. Right, Cameral?”
“Traditionally. But if everyone else is going…”
The Dullahan shifted his feet. He wasn’t saying ‘no’. Umina looked at Wil.
“Do you have to…?”
“Well, it’s not like there’s an actual rule. And I’m not going to run away.”
The [Lord] turned his head, coughing as he flushed further. Umina realized both he and Cameral were waiting. Kissilt grinned.
“See? We should have gone here ages ago! They need someone to take them in first. You too, Venaz. We’ll all go in—”
“With Lady Foliana?”
Marian glared at Kissilt. The Drake paused. Everyone stared at the Squirrel-woman. She hadn’t gotten off Marian’s back.
“You want to go in here, Lady Foliana?”
“Mm. Yup.”
The students hesitated. Then, carefully, Venaz cleared his throat.
“The Professor always has us expanding our worldview. Very well. It’s not as if we have to do anything. After me.”
He marched up to the doors and swung them open. Umina groaned, jumping from foot to foot as Kissilt dragged Wil and Cameral forwards, chortling. Yerranola looked at her.
“You don’t have to come, Umina.”
“No—I—I want to take a look, I guess. But I’m not a Lizardboy!”
“They have services for females too, Umina.”
“Yeah, but—well, are they good?”
Yerranola and Marian exchanged a glance. Feshi sneezed and grinned.
“Probably very good, yes? Let’s go inside at least.”
“Go.”
Foliana patted Marian’s back. The Centauress sighed.
“Lady Foliana wants us to go. Is everyone…? Alright, then.”
The party entered the brothel. It was not, as Umina expected, a covert place with all kinds of veils and drapes and secrets. A [Receptionist] was at the desk, a Lizardman dressed in a very smart suit.
“I’m afraid this is reservation-only, sirs. Unless you have a prior one, I can only schedule you for…”
