Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 34
“It must be fate, that the wilds make you a [Druid] so young! You have battled Raskghar, monsters! Little landfriend—you now bring us important knowledge! If the Antinium are not our enemies, we should not fight them as we assumed in the Third Antinium War.”
“Nalthaliarstrelous!”
Shassa cried out, horrified. The [Druid] spun, staff raised. But this time the garden’s law made him hesitate. Apparently educational bops counted—not beatings with sticks.
“We will debate it. You see, Mrsha—there are only two large Circles. One, in the Vale forest under the aegis of House Veltras. The other in Oteslia. There are [Druids] in other places, but two gatherings in Izril. In every continent we roam, but two there. And we are not all united.”
Shassa edged away from Nalthaliarstrelous as he pointed at her. Mrsha began to see. The Drake felt very peaceful compared to Nalthaliarstrelous’ wild impulses. A warrior and caretaker, indeed.
“Yes. Perhaps let’s leave it at that. For now—Mrsha, you should come to Oteslia with me. Or at the very least—wait until Nalthaliarstrelous returns to learn from one of us.”
Even him. The Drake rubbed her head as she looked up at Lyonette. She saw Mrsha tug at her leg. Why? Mrsha was happy to learn, but she’d leveled up well enough.
“To understand what it is to be kind. One can be cruel by being kind. Or make mistakes. You were close to losing your class. And you have hurt these children, haven’t you?”
Nalthaliarstrelous bent down. Mrsha went still. Her face fell.
The rats. Gravely, the [Druids] nodded. They felt her guilt.
“Just so. And the Fortress Beavers fought the Shield Spiders because you did not separate them. You must learn some lessons to help, not hinder. We will teach you. But later. It may be difficult if that one objects.”
Nalthaliarstrelous waved at Lyonette. Mrsha nodded slowly. The [Druid] bent down.
“For now, just know that your class is not just nature-mage. Magic is a side-effect of our class, not the goal. We do not crave power. We are not all one people. But we share ideas in common.”
He tapped his chest.
“Here is mine, and what I believe: to hurt those who cannot defend themselves is a poor thing. To waste is a poor thing.”
His voice was gentle, but like steel, vines rooted in the earth. Shassa raised her staff, and nodded.
“To destroy without leaving something behind is to be worthless. That is what the [Druids] of Oteslia believe.”
Cowards. Nalthaliarstrelous glanced at Mrsha. She began to suspect part of Oteslia’s project involved combat of some kind. But as the [Druids] walked on, they explained a tiny bit more.
“You will not master magic as well as [Mages]. But nor will you be as unfit to survive without magic. But the true root of our power is in our connection with nature. Plants—animals—we are shape-changers. You have one Skill. We have many.”
The Drake touched her chest.
“For instance, I am spider-friend. If I will it, I can spin silk. Climb even the tallest trees.”
Nalthaliarstrelous’s already-hairy arm covered with fur. He grinned at Mrsha with bear-teeth, only cooler than Erin.
“I am bear-friend. Wolf-brother. Many things in one. You have one ally: beavers.”
“Beavers.”
Shassa giggled. Mrsha and Nalthaliarstrelous both glared at her. He raised his staff and she raised her claws.
“I’m sorry! But that’s just rare!”
Nalthaliarstrelous nodded. He—twitched—blinked. Mrsha saw him look around, feel at the back of his neck. What had that been? But the [Druid] didn’t know himself. She felt his curiosity.
