Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 18
What was he supposed to say to that? The [Alchemist] said nothing more. Damn the old man. He would have happily kicked General Edellein into the pond.
 
—-
 
High Command had been waiting for forty minutes. They were behind schedule and very upset. That alone was enough to make the [Alchemist] smile as he walked—naked—into the war room. He threw a perfect salute, and was rewarded with a glare from none other than the [General] he had been thinking of.
General Edellein of 4th Army, General Duln of 1st Army, General Shirka of 3rd, were exactly half of the room. The other half were Chaldion, one senior [Strategist] who was probably here to learn, despite being in his fifties, and a [Mage].
Not Grimalkin. But one of the senior [War Mages] nonetheless. They all turned to Saliss with some level of glower.
Except for Chaldion. He just regarded Saliss. And it was Chaldion that Saliss ignored; everyone else he could get a rise from. So with his salute, he barked in an approximation of a [Soldier] reporting for duty.
“Assassin Saliss, here at your disposal, High Command! Or is it exterminator this time? Give me my orders!”
“[Alchemist] Oliwing. You are late. And is that alcohol I smell?”
General Edellein snapped. Saliss happily saluted.
“Yessir. I call it a Potion of Alcohol. I think it’ll change the world. Anyone want a try?”
He heard a snort from the [War Mage], who immediately covered his mouth. General Duln turned his head—Shirka was behind Saliss, but he heard nothing from her.
Edellein’s scowl deepened. Before he could say anything though, Saliss was already lurching over to the table.
He knew the map well. It was of foothills. Elevated terrain. Only—three dimensional. After all, the enemy wasn’t just limited to surface encampments. It was more detailed this time.
“Your orders, Alchemist Saliss, are to proceed to the following coordinates. As last time, your equipment is provided here—”
Edellein tried to launch into the briefing. But Saliss—well, they’d done this song and dance before. The Drake grabbed a scroll and heard a sound of outrage from the older Drake. Saliss eyed the magical scroll, reading the label.
“Yeah, yeah. [Earthquake]? [Lesser Teleport]…mhm, I get it.”
“Alchemist, you are to listen to the—”
Saliss turned away from the [General] and looked around the room.
“So how many Queens am I killing? If I get into the right spot, I can probably blow up a Hive. Sounds good? One Adventurer for a Hive.”
And suddenly the amusement drained away. High Command looked at each other. General Duln put his head on his shoulders, suddenly grave.
“Those are not your orders, Adventurer Saliss.”
The Drake waved the scroll at Duln. The Dullahan was cooler in temper than Edellein; he didn’t even blink as Saliss pointed at it.
“So I’m supposed to damage a Hive and not kill a Queen, huh? Kill thousands of Antinium but no Queen because that’s a step too far.”
“Would you listen to the briefing, you nude idiot?”
Edellein snarled. Saliss turned his head; the other [General] was visibly flushed under his scales. Saliss considered this.
“Go eat your tail, Edellein.”
He lifted a claw for emphasis. The [General] left his seat in a moment. His hand was on his sword—but he hesitated as Saliss put up his fists.
“Someone stop him! Before I kick him off Pallass’ walls! Because I will! Come on, slash me!”
He hopped in place, swaying, making weak jabs into the air. Daring Edellein to actually draw his sword.
“General. Sit down.”
