Interlude – The Great Race
Page 27
“But there are bags of holding, and it’s not impossible to ferry food out.”
Buscrei stared at the ceiling.
“Bags of holding. Chests of holding. Food runs out faster’n you think, Ryoka. If you can’t make sure there’s food coming in, it’ll be a short land rush. What do you think, Swey?”
He nodded.
“I think they’d better take [Druids] and dirt. We have Chests of Holding? I say—dirt, wood, and [Druids] and [Gardeners]. [Farmers] too. Even if they find pure rock, they can build a self-contained farm.”
“Dirt.”
Ryoka glanced at Buscrei, but she was smiling.
“Hey, now there’s an idea. That way they’ll be sure to have a crop coming in. Mind you, it’s fall…”
“One of those wooden structures filled with dirt and light spells. [Druids] have made them—they’ll grow food even in the snow. Warm inside. Speaking of which, they’ll need lots of stuff to bundle up with. No guarantees they’ll even have wood.”
“Right.”
Food and warmth. House Veltras’ priorities were some of the most basic for any colony. Nor did Ryoka think Tyrion would ignore their suggestions. She began to feel an itch in her feet herself, but Sammial clung to one hand, and Hethon grabbed the other arm.
“Look, Hethon! She’s going to run off again! Get her!”
“What? No, I’m not. I have plenty to do in the north. Er—visit Liscor. And, uh—”
Find a Dryad? That might be Invrisil. But Hethon just hung on as Sammial clung to Ryoka’s hand.
“You’re not getting away! Dad! Dad, she’s going to fly off again!”
He began screaming for Tyrion, and Ryoka sighed. At least she could fly. It meant that if she needed to move, she could get across Izril in a fraction of the time of most. And it occurred to her that only one man in the world could probably follow her where she went.
Or any Garuda in existence.
 
——
 
Sometimes it distressed Magnolia Reinhart to see idiocy repeat itself.
Oh, not House Veltras’ approach to exploring new lands. They were very pragmatic. They focused on survival. House Wellfar and Terland?
…Less pragmatic, maybe. Wellfar was going to believe it could keep up a sea-route to supply whatever coastal colony it made. Terlands? Terlands sent their ‘specialists’, who would protect and build without getting tired.
Golems.
It might work, but it was so typical of them it made her sigh. The House of El, predictably, wanted to have some of their [Mercenaries] escort a group looking for new ideas. And as for Reinhart…
Well, she would not dignify some of the ventures coming out of her family with a compliment. But they were certainly ideas.
Nor could Magnolia stop even her family from trying to go to the new lands. The real question was—why?
“Why do we need new lands? Yes, trade and what not. Yes, the value in such and such resources yet undiscovered. But we are not yet done exploring Izril’s north, Ressa. Do we need more?”
“Half the pie’s never enough. Give a man a slice and he’ll ask for two.”
Ressa’s dour comment made Magnolia scowl harder. She stared pointedly at the pumpkin pie topped with the whipped cream that Ressa was guarding.
“I will have another piece, and thank you to keep your analogies about greed in general and not my diet.”
Silently, Ressa cut a slice of pie so thin that it was half the width of Magnolia’s pinkie. She placed it on the plate, and Magnolia stared at her.
Oteslia was growing on her—at least the local cuisine. She would also just like to point out that the pumpkin pie was pumpkin. At least, she assumed so. It was quite delightfully sweet.
At any rate, Ressa raised her brows.
