Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 30
“Here’s a lesson from the sea, Lord Kallinad. You can trust a [Pirate] like me—but only her words. I swore by the Flag of Savere that you’d not be troubled by us.”
She pointed at her mast. Everyone looked up. The flag hung beneath her colors. Wil nodded slowly. And Captain Rasea swept her hat from her head.
“So. Lads? Burn the flag.”
Her crew pointed up. Wands and arrows. The Centaur fired two shots. Wil saw the flag explode into flames. He stared at Rasea. She laughed as she put the hat back onto her head.
“But that’s Savere’s flag.”
It burned in the scrying orb as Noass commentated fast as he ever had and Seborn stared at the sight. And Niers Astoragon watched his beloved pupils. Captain Rasea laughed without a care in the world.
“So? I only put it up because my sister gets prickly if I don’t! I care nothing for nations! For rules! For laws or armies!”
She stood on her ship as it turned towards The Emerald Signet. Captain Rasea Zecrew bowed. And her eyes shone with the purest light of adventure.
Insanity.
“After all, I’m a [Pirate].”
Then she grabbed the rope as the boom swung by her head. She soared through the air. And landed on the deck of The Emerald Signet. Captain Lasc drew his sword and Rasea leapt at him. They locked blades as the other fleets shot through the waves.
The final battle for the Swords of Serept began.
 
—-
 
The Final Battle. A [Storm Captain]’s Skill. A Choice is Made.
 
War at sea. That was the only word for it. Three navies were clashing in the ocean. The first, a massive trading fleet and armada led by the [Stormlord Captain], one of the five most powerful [Lords] in the world. The 4th most famous…according to landfolk.
Lord Admiral Seagrass. He stood on the deck of the largest ship in the fleet. Smiling like steel. His trimmed beard, his precise, almost flamboyant but also military dress and his words all added to his appearance. Each syllable was clipped and clear.
He had been both lawbreaker and the law itself on the seas. Now, his fleets that brought goods from continent to continent ruled the seas. He spoke as his [Storm Captains] angled, loosing spells.
“An odd detour from our trading route. The cargo had better be worth the cost. Get me those blades. Send the eastern fleet to stop those [Pirates]. The rest—down the Undersea Crews! Encircle The Emerald Signet.”
Over a hundred ships sailed forwards, crewed by [Storm Sailors]. The [Pirates] turned their ships, swearing as they saw one of the powers of the sea headed at them.
But the Undersea Crews came on. Captain Therrium was leading the charge. They were aiming at The Emerald Signet, which was locked in battle with the Illuminary. And a single warship from the House of Minos stood in the way.
The battle looked like a…dance from above. The watchers through the scrying orbs, from Niers Astoragon to the King of Destruction and Archmage Nailihuaile and the rest saw the ships meeting, clashing, and separating.
They did not form an untidy scrum like some landfolk battle. Too many ships locked together meant that if one sank, it would pull the others down as masts and rigging entangled. And fire would spread. So the ships formed smaller knots of combat, boarding each other, separating—leaving vessels to drift into the ocean depths.
Some of the Drowned Vessels did it on purpose. They rose, smashing into Storm Ships from below. The [Storm Captains] hurled magic from their decks; the [Pirates] attacked with every trick, from improvised firebombs to swinging across the gaps to light parts of the other ships on fire.
