Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 31
Anyways, Elbe was a splendid old capital, much more flat than Dellva’s. Worn buildings of stone and the coliseum that the Testing would be conducted in were the hallmarks of this place—as well as an ancient palace.
“One feels that this is the true capital of Illivere.”
“That is Elbe’s belief. But each state has its own wonders.”
Femithain had a bit of national pride there as he looked around the old streets. Golems carried burdens to shops, or walked in place of horses. Most were the lumbering sorts, but there were a few disarmingly humanoid ones you might think was a Human—or Garuda or even Stitchfolk, they were so decorated—walking down the street with a basket of goods, or sweeping in front of a shop.
“Humans tend towards Golems more than Stitchfolk or Garuda.”
“Well—few Golems fly so Garuda must remain with the Golems. But there is a market for Garuda who dwell in settlements rather than migrate. Stitchfolk employ Golems at times…but they are a bit more reticent to adopt them.”
“Why?”
Again, the Magus-Crafter had to pause as he checked the Golem Horse into the custom stables.
“Because String People are Cloth Golems. In…a sense. Which I will never repeat in front of Nerrhavian dignitaries and deny I ever made. But it is why we do not build Golems out of cloth anymore. Just like we make little out of bone.”
“For fear of rebellion?”
He did not reply to that. But Nsiia knew she was right. Golem Makers had endured more rebellions than any other class. Not only had the String People won their freedom and become a race—all Golems had once done the same.
And in Elbe there was proof of that. Apparently. It resided in the palace, a circular building with a dome, to match the open coliseum of old. Elbe seemed to have a thing for circles.
But first—Femithain took Nsiia to school.
 
—-
 
The institutions of learning in Illivere were actual buildings and classrooms which enrolled thousands of students each year. It was not mandatory, and in fact, Nsiia was touring an academy meant for students in their early teens. But any citizen of Illivere could enroll in a school free of charge, up to a certain level where a modest admission fee was charged.
It was bizarre to Nsiia. Schools? She walked down the hallways and stared into classrooms of young people sitting in desks before…instructors…conveying knowledge. Who would come up with such a backwards system?
Like all of Tiqr’s monarchs, Nsiia had been taught by fine [Tutors] and given the secrets of her own monarchy. Not that Tiqr had such royal educations as, say Terandrian [Princes] and [Princesses]. To be a ruler of Tiqr was to know how to hunt and fish and take care of animals more than administer a bureaucracy—although Nsiia had learned both.
Yet, it was her first introduction to this kind of class. Or this kind of…class.
She peeked into the classroom at the [Teacher] going over the fundamentals of metallurgy, specifically, the creation of forges and how iron became steel. It was—strange.
“He is teaching them to forge steel? But this man is no [Blacksmith]!”
It seemed wrong to Nsiia. Especially because these were secrets of the smith’s craft, like the exact forging temperature of steel, which the students were copying onto notebooks. And they were [Students]. Not [Apprentice Smiths] or…
Femithain didn’t share Nsiia’s horror. He nodded calmly at the scene of busy students, who kept peeking at the two rulers.
