Interlude – The [Rower] and the [Bartender]
Page 11
Rufelt could have done this all day. Walked around, purely angry, looking for a confrontation. He’d done it last week.
He didn’t want to. He wanted to make a first step towards the future. But the [Thought Healer] had told Rufelt he needed Lasica to be part of that when he’d gone to her, shamefaced, alone.
Where was she? Rufelt sniffed the air, but he didn’t detect her smell. He wandered the 5th Floor, then the 6th, wondering if he should go to all of her close friends.
Venim wouldn’t tell him. Maybe the Watch Captain had been told by Lasica that she didn’t want to see Rufelt after the fight. Maybe…this was it? How could this be it? What had he done wrong?
Nothing. Everything.
In his quest for something to distract him, or meaning, Rufelt found himself going to one of the elevators.
“What floor, sir?”
“Eighth.”
He spoke quietly. He saw the Drake attendant glancing at him sidelong. Rufelt stared at the city as the elevator ascended. He had a thought.
The checkpoint to Liscor and The Wandering Inn didn’t see much use anymore. Everyone knew…
It had been such a tragedy. Rufelt had wept for Erin Solstice, the [Innkeeper], and thought it was the worst thing that could have happened. Then the Summer Solstice had occurred and he had been proven wrong.
He stood in front of the checkpoint, realizing he wasn’t on the list. But to hell with it. He approached the [Guards].
“I’d like to go to Liscor. Is…have you seen my wife, Lasica? The [Chef] of Tails and Scales?”
He had come up with the idea that Lasica had gone to Liscor, having anticipated he might look for her. The [Guards] didn’t know.
“We rotate by day, sir. You’re not on the list…”
“May I go through?”
Rufelt didn’t normally like to lean on any favors he had due to his fame or success. Today? He couldn’t care less. The Pallassian [Guards] exchanged a glance. They knew him. They had a quick conference, and the [Sergeant] gave the nod.
“We don’t know when the door will be open, Mister Rufelt. We could ask them to hold it—but you might be waiting for a long time. The inn is…”
Kel, the [Guard Sergeant], trailed off. Rufelt replied, face blank.
“That’s fine. I’ll wait.”
He stood there for nearly forty minutes, ignoring the looks. Lasica was beyond it. He was sure. There was an image playing out in Rufelt’s head.
A scene, a hope. Like a play of its own, he’d find her at Erin’s…grave. They’d make up. It would be better once he found her. He would find some closure with Erin, some hope in her, that she could come back and they could…
When the door opened, Rufelt started. He stepped through slowly.
“I…excuse me. Mister Rufelt, isn’t it?”
The Gnoll was younger. Ishkr. He’d opened the door to Pallass, but hadn’t expected anyone to come through. Rufelt looked at him.
He knew, too. Rufelt nodded slowly.
“Yes. Yes. Ishkr, right? Have you seen my wife? Lasica?”
“No, Mister Rufelt.”
The dream fell apart. As it did again and again. Rufelt looked around.
“Oh. Thank you.”
“I’m sorry. Can I offer you…the inn isn’t open, but we have something to eat, to drink?”
Rufelt realized Ishkr was eying him. He wondered what he looked like. He hadn’t bathed or combed his fur or…
“No. No. I’m fine, thank you. How’s the inn? Is anything…?”
“No, sir. Not much has changed since the Potion of Regeneration failed.”
“The potion of…?”
Rufelt hadn’t even heard about that. He listened dully, as Ishkr explained. Something in the younger Gnoll’s tone betrayed what he must have suffered. Hope lost again.
It was somehow comforting to know someone else was suffering. A bitter tonic. Rufelt hesitated. But since he was here—
