Interlude – Flos
Page 10
Trey stared as a [Mage] arguing with a [Merchant] at a stall turned and vanished in a puff of smoke. The Jerios Bazaar was filled with amazing people and surprisingly, very few of them looked inclined to cause trouble. Indeed, if there was thievery it was only going on in an economic sense. Pickpockets and thieves were in grave danger in the bazaar. Trey saw a man turn as someone grabbed a pouch at his belt.
“Stop, thief!”
The cloaked figure ran with incredible speed through the crowd. He got fifteen paces before a man with a huge chest full of hair and a skullcap stabbed him in the chest. The [Thief] ran backwards, screaming, and was enveloped in flame, shot with two arrows and struck by a being made out of lightning. His corpse was quickly tossed out of the bazaar.
“Don’t cause trouble.”
Flos smiled as he approached the bazaar. Trey eyed him with trepidation because the King of Destruction was nothing but trouble. However, Flos touched an amulet on his chest and Gazi and Mars both twisted rings and they turned into different people as they approached the bazaar. Flos grinned down at Trey through a face ten years younger with dark skin and black hair.
“Surprised? I wouldn’t walk into the bazaar with my face, Trey. Believe it or not, I can be cautious.”
“Won’t the [Mages] be able to tell you’re under an illusion?”
“Oh, most definitely. But anonymity is prized at the bazaar—many of those visiting are wearing a disguise of their own.”
Flos flicked his fingers dismissively. He eyed Gazi—the half-Gazer had turned into a woman with long flowing locks of blue hair and starry eyes.
“Gazi, that illusion is ridiculous.”
“Blame Mars. She lent me the rings.”
“They’re for my use, not yours.”
Mars, a redhead dressed in impractically revealing armor shot back. She gave Flos a charming smile.
“Shall we, your Majesty?”
“Indeed. Let’s set up camp a ways away from the Bazaar. Hasil, Fellif—”
The leader of the Serpent Hunters and the [Mage] who spoke for Parasol Stroll rode towards him. Flos nodded to the bazaar.
“Don’t let more than eight of your people enter the bazaar at once. Keep the rest at camp—I will be going into the bazaar for the day.”
“Yes, your Majesty.”
Hasil, the dark-skinned Stitch-Man bowed, his hand on his poisoned scimitar. Fellif, the Human [Mage] with a sharp goatee nodded.
“Do you require an escort, your Majesty?”
“No. Mars and Gazi will be enough. Trey and Teres will follow me naturally; I will browse quietly. Weapon stalls I think, although Gazi will look for a healing potion for her eye.”
“We’ll split up? How much coin do you have, Gazi?”
The half-Gazer reached for her belt pouch.
“Hm. Enough. I have several thousand gold pieces and enough to barter with. My lord?”
“I have ten thousand gold pieces in my bag of holding.”
“Ten—”
Teres choked as she stared at the small bag at Flos’ side. This one wasn’t the typical leather pouch that inconspicuously hung at Gazi’s waist—it was a black-and-ruby affair, taken from the Quarass’ treasury. As had the contents of the bag, Trey suspected.
“That’s not much to buy with, sire.”
Mars looked concerned at the small amount that Flos had brought. The King of Destruction smiled.
“I have a number of jewels I found as well. But I intend to spend lightly, Mars. Most of the gold must go to my kingdom and arming my soldiers. I simply wish for a decent quality sword. You recall I broke the last one?”
“Wasn’t it enchanted?”
“Poorly. Spells can break just as easily as steel if you swing hard enough, Teres. We might see about getting you a blade as well—Mars, how much gold do you have?”
