Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 46
Eloque stumbled into the room, still sobbing. She froze when she saw them. Pisces looked up. Bearig had reawakened after fainting twice. Cawe stopped scrabbling herself under a couch.
“Eloque?”
The Lizardwoman stopped, swaying. She took in the terrible scene. Bearig’s blood was staining the carpet. He had a single bit of healing potion, but Pisces was saving it to mend his flesh. His bones were reshaping themselves, growing denser, tougher.
“What—what…”
She had run from the banquet hall, but the entire keep was full of Riqre’s people and a few of his [Guards] and Igheriz’s were searching for her to bring her back. She’d run from room to room and seen…she slowly looked at the other [Slaves].
“Is he coming? Any of them?”
Pisces glanced up. He broke away from changing Bearig to reply, curtly.
“No. You can hide here for a moment. Twenty one minutes.”
Eloque’s legs gave out. She sat down. Some of the stitches had torn free in her scales. She looked at the others and saw a mirror of her face.
Waxy horror. Disbelief. Fear. Pisces looked at her for a moment and then turned to Bearig.
“I’m sorry. I…I have to work. Bearig is running out of time.”
That was all he said. Eloque saw his features change to one of concentration. She stared.
“What is he doing?”
“Fixing up Bearig. Making him tougher. Riqre is playing a game. Either Pisces makes Bearig’s legs strong enough so they don’t break or…”
It was not hard for Eloque to guess the game’s nature. Riqre was so simple in how he performed his evil. It all made sense. She looked at Bearig. The man was moaning.
“Pisces. It hurts. Stop, please.”
“Bearig, I know. Bear with it. I’m…I’m going to improve your bone structure. You won’t break another bone. If only I could chain an animation spell in here, they’d automatically knit. If I had more bones…more variety. I’ll change your arms. Perhaps if we’re put to sleep, I could make them strong enough to pull the chains apart.”
Cawe’s eyes widened. Pisces’ gaze flicked up, and Eloque started.
“Strong enough to…”
“I want to escape. We just have to survive tonight. Or do you think I intend to stay another second in this place with that monster? Bear with it, Bearig. I’ll try to hide the changes; don’t use your full strength. It’s only bone…if only I knew muscle.”
It was a gamble. Pisces wondered if he could do it. Bone was not sinew and muscle; perhaps he had to hide a kind of…bone saw in Bearig’s fingers? Something else? He focused on the legs first, but Bearig’s hand, slick with his own blood, grasped at Pisces.
Pisces looked down. The man was shaking his head wildly.
“Bearig, stop! He’ll cripple you for life if I don’t focus!”
Pisces snapped at the idiotic man. The [Cook]’s mouth moved; he’d chewed through his own lip. Yet out the words spilled.
“Pisces. No. I—I don’t want this. I want to be free, but not like a Draugr. Not like a monster. I want to be me. Not this. I beg you.”
The [Necromancer] barely heard him. He mumbled to himself, trying to think. What could he…?
“You’d rather die? Live with two broken legs? Igheriz won’t haul you around. I can reverse it in time. I’ve done this before. You know I have a teammate, Yvlon. I improved her arms.”
“Pisces. I don’t want that. I’d…what would my family see?”
Bearig’s voice was weakening. He was losing blood. Pisces bent to his work, moving faster. The man was delirious, and he underestimated Pisces. If Pisces could just…
“I would rather die, Pisces—”
“Enough. Be silent.”
