Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 23
It was not a boast. Jeiss was the best [Swordsman] in Liscor. Klbkch was the Slayer, albeit weakened from war. Neither one could beat Relc. Not Zevara. No one.
The Gnoll youth was suitably impressed. However, it seemed like he had a question. He nodded at the spear again.
“Why don’t you teach it then, sir? Wouldn’t that pay more than being a [Guard]?”
Relc blinked. He scratched at his neck-spines, noting how uncomfortable the young Gnoll was. As if he’d never talked to a Senior Guard before. He was way too formal, too. Kids in Liscor would come up and bother Relc all the time.
Cellidel. His smile faded as he thought of this city. However, he replied casually and honestly, pleased by the conversation after his workout.
“Eh. Because I guess I figured out I’ll never actually be good with the spear. Just passable. Besides, I’m a terrible teacher. For instance, that last set of moves? The thing I did where I go across the courtyard without touching the ground? The only other person who ever managed to learn that was my daughter.”
The young Gnoll man looked at Relc, uncertain what to point out was off in that reply. There were a few things. Not good with a spear? And what had he said?
The ‘only’ other person to ever learn a [Spearmaster]’s routine?
What the Gnoll came up with in the end was a weak grin.
“It looks pretty good to me.”
Relc’s amused snort made the Gnoll kid turn red under his fur.
“You say that now, kid. The world’s larger than you think. An enchanted spear and a [Spearmaster] class don’t go that far in a big battle, believe me. There’s a lot more to go.”
“It’s enchanted? Really?”
“Sure is. Here. Want to see?”
Now the young man looked like he suspected a trap. However, he looked at the spear.
“Can I?”
“Of course you can. Here. It’s not fancy. It’s just a magic-cutting and strength enchantment. You can’t even tell. Don’t be worried! You can’t break it!”
Relc offered the spear. The young Gnoll took it hesitantly, blinking at how light it was for what it looked like. He tried to twirl it and nearly dropped it. Flushing, he grabbed it.
“I don’t know how to use a spear. Sorry—”
He tried to give it back to Relc, but the Drake just laughed.
“Try and swing it! Go on!”
The young man tried. Relc corrected him. The Gnoll did a good jab, and Relc laughed.
“There. See?”
Absently, he ruffled the Gnoll’s head. The younger Gnoll stared at Relc, but didn’t object. Relc took the spear back and copied the motion. Then sighed.
“I’m pretty good with a spear. But I’m not even sure I’m the best in the city. There’s an old woman who’s a [Spearmaster] too. If I’m not even the best in a city—besides, I know there’s a lot better than me. Did you see that crazy undead Drake with the sword?”
The Gnoll hesitated.
“I heard about it.”
Relc nodded.
“That’s high-level. That’s skill. Me? I’m not close.”
He flexed one hand absently.
“[Spearmaster]. It’s a weird word. It means I ‘mastered’ the spear at Level 30. For that matter, it bumped me down to Level 30 when I was a Level 34 [Vanguard of the Spear]. Class consolidations are weird. There are enough of us that you can probably run into one in an army. We’re far from that guy.”
“Then what comes after [Spearmaster]?”
Relc blinked at the young Gnoll and realized he’d never asked his name. He grinned, and drifted back in time.
“You mean, a real master? I only met one once. Not in Manus. Not in Oteslia or Pallass or all the rest. They’re [Spearmasters], like a [Fencer] with a golden bell. A master has a different class.”
“Who was it?”
