Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 29
Manus’ squad broke free, running as two Wyverns dropped out of cover. Spells blasted the landscape, but the Silent Antinium were already retreating. And they had learned how to foil [Detect Life] spells. Lulv barked into his speaking stone amid the confusion of voices.
“The Silent Antinium have entered Liscor’s war! All forces, watch for ambushes! Get me a line to Manus.”
His worst fears were coming true. More high-value targets had entered the war…but more than that?
It meant the Antinium thought there was something worth fighting for. Lulv realized it later.
They’d attacked this camp not because it was a priority, but to rescue a single Soldier.
Then he began to sweat.
 
 
 
 
Olesm, [Commander]
 
The return of Crusader 53 came on a day when Olesm’s senses as a [Commander], a [Strategist], hummed.
“Artur. Get Dekass. I need a word.”
He was looking around his camp. Olesm made a sign to one of his [Tacticians], and the Gnoll went pale. She silently began to raise the alarm—but over what?
It was just a feeling. Dekass reported in quickly.
“Yes, Commander Olesm?”
“Is anything…off today, Dekass?”
There was just the slightest pause. Olesm would have first guessed it had something to do with Captain Voita and the Yoldenites who had joined his forces, but his instincts said Dekass.
“No, sir.”
“Hm. I’m inspecting your camp. Anything eventful happen?”
“Our reinforcements have arrived as requested, sir. Four hundred and eighty-two, to replenish the losses.”
The bad battle after the Painted Antinium had been nearly wiped out had apparently taxed even Liscor’s Free Hive. Olesm was surprised that they’d mustered the numbers and gotten them here so quickly.
Then he was suspicious as he strode into the Antinium division. New Soldiers and Workers were filing into camp, being arranged into squads. Groups like Squad 5, who needed to replace Crusader 51, 53, and a few others welcomed the Antinium…sort of.
“Sit dOwN. You’re wearing your pack wrong, stupid.”
Crusader 57 roughly yanked a new Worker down and slapped their armor—but the other Antinium were doing the same. It was a thing [Soldiers] did, teaching the new ones.
Dekass reported to Olesm in person.
“Is something wrong, sir?”
Commander Olesm Swifttail glanced at Dekass. That settled it.
“Dekass, you lie as well as Mrsha. What’s…”
And then he saw it. Olesm’s eyes narrowed to points, he recoiled, swore, and looked at Dekass. The Armored Prognugator stared back at him as innocently as possible.
“Yes, Commander?”
It would have fooled the Alliance—maybe. Or your average Liscorian. But even the regular [Soldiers] had realized it. Olesm? He studied the Workers and Soldiers.
They had armor. They were clearly new, clearly the next to fight in the Antinium division. However…their armor didn’t seem patched up. Their gear was noticeably different, not a mismatch of weapons to arm them.
These weren’t Free Antinium. They were Armored Antinium.
Indeed, the [Crusaders] mixing with the Armored Antinium realized it too, and there was a shock as Workers and Soldiers, almost mindlessly obeying orders, ran into the personality of the [Crusaders]. Olesm looked at Dekass. The Prognugator innocently adjusted his helmet.
“I would like to report that a missing Soldier has also appeared, Commander Olesm. Crusader 53 has miraculously escaped imprisonment. He is unable to give a report on how this happened.”
“Crusader 53? From where?”
“A Luldem camp behind enemy lines.”
Olesm’s eyes narrowed.
“He just…happened to escape an enemy camp, made his way here, and report to you?”
