Interlude – Lifting Ants
Page 18
Ahead of Mrsha, the thrumming noise resolved itself into countless footfalls. Antinium, moving in Liscor’s Free Hive. They had dug a secret passage to the inn, a secret tunnel, like the one they had used to invade the inn during the Creler attack. Everyone had assumed they’d dug it fast, but it had always been there.
They’d made another one. Of course they had. And Bird knew about it because he was one of them. And he had been afraid.
Because Mrsha was not supposed to be here. She was trespassing. The Soldiers were not Painted Soldiers. They did not know Mrsha. They saw an intruder.
One of them punched. Mrsha dove and the fist hit the earth. Another kicked—they charged after Mrsha as she fled. Not towards Bird. The Soldiers were in the way!
Ahead! The Soldiers raced after her, huge stomping death. They were trying to kill her. Bird was shouting something—Mrsha ran and ran—
And appeared in a tunnel. A grand causeway hollowed out of the earth. Hundreds, thousands of Antinium were marching, moving in complicated lines such that they were always in motion, never stopping. Workers and Soldiers. Nameless, identical.
Mrsha tumbled through the secret tunnel’s entrance into the causeway. And as one, the Antinium stopped. They turned, as one. And they stared at her.
Sound stopped. The black bodies froze. Every head was looking at Mrsha. Even those too far back to see her. The white Gnoll froze, even as the Soldiers ran after her.
This was not the friendly Antinium who came to the inn. This was a Hive. And she was the intruder. Foreign. An invader.
The Free Hive had suffered few invasions. Once, there had been Erin. But Klbkch had been with her. She had been expected. Mrsha was not.
She had been here once. Last time they had chased her, but she had been running, sad, heedless of the danger. Now she knew it. And there were so many Antinium. A sea of them, all aware of her.
The Antinium were still. Then, suddenly, as Mrsha tensed, looking backwards as the Soldiers rushed after her, she saw all the mandibles of all the Workers and Soldiers open at once. And they made one sound.
CLICK.
It was a snap of their mandibles, a loud, predatory, hostile sound. They did it again.
CLICK.
Then, they ran at her.
CLICKCLICKCLICK—
Mrsha bolted. She tried to run back, but the Workers and Soldiers charged at her. One mind, many bodies! She saw Soldiers coming down the secret passage, but that was her only hope. Mrsha dove—
One caught her. Mrsha felt four crude hands gripping her, clumsy digits meant for tearing. And that was what they were trying to do. Two hands were squeezing her chest and head with terrible force, and two more were pulling at her right and left leg. The Soldier was trying to pull her—
The pain was blinding. For a second. Then—there was a sound. Mrsha felt a thud. The grip loosened.  A voice.
“Stop. Or I will kill you.”
The pressure relaxed. Dizzy, unable to see for a moment, she realized the clicking had stopped. The Antinium were frozen.
When Mrsha could see, she saw this: the six Soldiers who had been on guard duty, surrounding her. One held her, but it had stopped trying to pull her apart.
Because a Worker stood there.
Bird the Hunter. He had struck the Soldier. With a blade. Mrsha saw the handle protruding from a shoulder, right next to her. She stared at the green blood. Then at Bird.
Slowly, the Worker pulled out the blade. He raised it, staring at the Soldier holding Mrsha, the other six. The army of Antinium at their backs.
“Let her go.”
