Interlude – Burning Alcohol
Page 11
“Doubt it. But we’ll get something. And soon, Archmage Naili will send us another person to check up on. Maybe ‘L’, or that [Emperor]. Or ‘batman’.”
“Huh. And you’ll do it? Really?”
The Minotauress looked at Montressa. The [Aegiscaster] grimaced.
“What are we supposed to do? Go back to the academy?”
“Maybe.”
Montressa du Valeross paused. She looked up at Beza.
“You’re thinking of it. I don’t blame you. Beza, if you want to go, don’t let me stop you. I’ve made a mess of things.”
The Minotauress snorted. She scooted her chair in.
“Don’t be ridiculous. If you’re staying, I’m staying. I don’t walk off on my team. Much less friends. If you wanted to go on after the Horns of Hammerad, I’d be right behind you, never mind what my faction says.”
She pointed a finger at Montressa. But the young woman didn’t jump at the suggestion like she would have a while back.
“I don’t think that’s necessary, Beza. I…I’m done with that. I’ll have to answer to Beatrice when we get back, but I’m done.”
The [Spellscribe] looked at the young woman’s face. She eyed her cup of ale, tossed it down, and poured herself another cup.
“Do you want to…discuss it?”
She waited, but Montressa didn’t reply instantly. Beza sipped and spoke, curtly.
“It would be simple if we were in my homeland. In Minos, we believe in one virtue above all others. Honor. We’d execute someone like that, or rather, pass judgment first. Our King would decide the matter. We don’t revisit sentences. Once punished, the matter rests. Forever.”
Montressa stirred.
“Yeah. I know, Beza. Honor…”
She sounded tired, as much as anyone who’d heard a Minotaur lecturing about honor. Beza waved a big palm.
“Hear me out. I know I talk about honor, but I don’t know if you understand what I mean. It is more than what other cultures think of it. For you it’s something stiff, cumbersome. But to us, honor is more than that. It’s…a way of life. Duty, conduct, and it is its own reward. Minotaurs strive to improve themselves, to contribute in a meaningful way. And yes, to be examples to the world.”
She tapped herself on the breast. Montressa nodded. Beza went on.
“It’s a simple system. Those above us judge those below. But those with honor also make their own judgments. Each one of Minos acts by our conscience; we allow no corruption from above or below.”
“What about sideways? Sorry, sorry. But how does that system work, Beza? Everyone’s honorable? Is your King the most honorable Minotaur of all?”
Montressa raised her hands as Beza glowered. The Minotauress drank.
“Absolutely. Our King is a wise leader. She is a paragon of honor, and all respect her because she exemplifies our virtue.”
The young woman paused. Beza had made a grammatical error.
“Your King? But you said she.”
“So?”
“Beza, Kings are male.”
The Minotauress snorted.
“King is a title. Queen implies that gender matters.”
“But king is masculine. The word, I mean.”
The two looked at each other, frowning as if they were debating some minutiae of magical theory in class. The Minotauress sighed gustily.
“King is what other nations respect. Queen makes Humans ask who the king is, or if she is married. We have a Minotaur King, and that is all other species need to know about her.”
“Oh. I’ve never been to Minos. I didn’t know.”
“Because we don’t need to talk about it. Not like Humans who always have to tell us who they serve.”
Beza nodded wisely and somewhat arrogantly. Montressa gave her a dour look.
“So Minos is wonderful. I get it. Honor above all else.”
