Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 12
Velden crowed, and Vess grinned as they dumped a mug of beer over his head. This was allowed; the High Command had let Big Yam celebrate.
It was rare for someone to hit Level 20 so fast. Even in war! Vess heard people commenting about it.
“Another Zel. That’s what it is. You know how he got to that level? Before the damn Ants were fighting against us and the world was upside-down…”
His smile vanished, and Velden looked around with a glare.
“Hey. Shut up. Don’t go ruining the night with that. I don’t want to hear their name.”
Antinium. They haunted Vess’ dreams. Not just the sight of them in their armor, or the voices that sometimes called out to him. Everything.
Click. The way their mandibles clicked. They way they would swing all four arms when you only had two, how they refused to die. Even with the [Mercenaries] attacking them.
Everyone ‘knew’ they were from Manus. No one said it, but everyone knew. Yet there was no confirmation, and Vess wondered why a giant army of tens of thousands didn’t help beat Liscor. Velden couldn’t guess, only that Manus didn’t want to start another Antinium War. But they needed it.
They were…
Losing.
 
——
 
An [Arcane Warrior] like Vess could channel magic through the sword he carried. He created a temporary enchantment—[Stored Shock]—and electrocuted anyone who clashed swords with him. He could throw multiple [Light Arrows] out of his wand and reinforce his shield.
Big Yam was now a veteran squad who could hit the soup and come out in more or less one piece. That meant, ironically, they were safer. They didn’t eat the horrific [Instantaneous Barrage] Skill that all of the Alliance had learned to fear.
Nor were they facing Liscor’s right wing. Some of Hectval’s forces rotated into Big Yam’s when they went to the center to help push against Liscor there. Luldem’s squad found themselves sharing tents with hollow-eyed [Soldiers] who jumped at every shadow.
“They’re in the ground. They’re in the ground.”
One of the Drakes whispered at Velden. She rocked back and forth, holding her tail like a child.
“They were in this cave. One second we thought we were safe—then we realized they’d squeezed into cracks in the wall. They waited for us, then crept out and…and the traps! There’s bear traps all over. You take one step and you lose a leg. And while you’re bleeding out—”
“Shut up. Don’t demoralize everyone with that shit!”
The [Sergeants], Velden and a traumatized Drake, were whispering in a corner. It made Vess’ scales grow cold. The other [Sergeant] from Hectval laughed, a touch hysterically.
“Look at you lot from Luldem! You don’t know what we’ve seen!”
“You think we’re having fun with the Antinium here? Guess you don’t know about the immortal sniper. Even Manus can’t get rid of it.”
The Hectval [Soldiers] looked up.
“The what?”
There was a killer haunting the Alliance. It appeared across the battleground—mostly on the left and middle, but almost always around the Antinium’s deployment. Nor did this [Archer] stick to battles, though every officer now kept their heads low, abandoning easy markers like plumes or badges to show their rank.
“[Sentries] end up dead with an arrow in their neck. Sometimes just one. Or a [Sergeant] gets shot mid-charge. Or…”
“And Manus doesn’t stop them?”
Someone laughed.
“Manus? They’re the ones who get shot at the most! I hear their commander’s hopping mad. They keep killing the sniper—or so they say. The next day? Someone else gets shot.”
