Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 2
“Well. If you like it, fine. But don’t expect us to eat the crazy stuff you and Yellow Splatters eat. You two are so crazy—”
“We need the rest.”
Lyonette interjected. Numbtongue frowned. Yellow Splatters looked up. He gazed silently at his Painted Soldiers, who had noticed the strange dessert. Erin blinked at him, and then saw Numbtongue silently looking at her. There was a pleading look Erin hadn’t ever seen before. She met his eyes, nodded, and then turned to Lyonette.
“Give it to the Painted Soldiers, Lyonette. Let the Pallass group eat cake. Rufelt and Lasica know how to make ice cream anyways.”
“What? Erin!”
Lyonette protested. She met Erin’s look, saw the jerk of the head, and looked at Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin looked up at her. Lyonette blew out her cheeks.
“I—oh, fine! We’ll make more.”
“Sorry.”
Numbtongue hesitated, because Lyonette did look peeved. The [Princess] shook her head.
“Sorry, Numbtongue. It’s fine, really. And hello, um, Yellow Splatters.”
She waved at the [Sergeant] awkwardly. Erin smiled at the two and followed Lyonette. The Hobgoblin and Soldier clearly heard Erin whispering to Lyonette as they moved backwards.
“It’s just ice cream.”
“Worth six gold! We only have a narrow window to make money—they’re already copying the recipe in Pallass!”
“So? The Antinium can have it. Numbtongue just invented their favorite dessert! Don’t be mean. He’s made a friend!”
Erin glanced back at Numbtongue and Lyonette relented. Numbtongue, sitting at his table, blinked. A friend? He looked to his side and at Yellow Splatters. The Antinium carefully spooned more ice cream covered in flies into his mandibles.
“My visual and auditory senses were improved by my Queen for my new role. However, it usually does not matter. Others seem to forget the Antinium are capable of hearing.”
“Or Goblins.”
Numbtongue nodded.  He stared at Yellow Splatters. Again. He’d been sneaking glances all throughout their conversation. No, before that, even. While they’d cleared the Shield Spider nests. Marching to the inn…he’d just been watching Yellow Splatters. And Numbtongue was sure the [Sergeant] was doing the same.
It was hard to tell; the Antinium had eyes like bugs, so all he had to do was turn his head. But they were watching each other, this Goblin and Antinium.
They had exchanged few words since their conversation on the hill. Oh, talk, they’d talked like which nest to destroy next. And this chatter about favorite food, it had come up just before they’d come to the inn. That was the thing that threw Numbtongue every few seconds.
They were chatting. Just chatting, about nonsensical things. Favorite food? Numbtongue hadn’t had a favorite food before a month or two ago. His favorite food was the one he could eat without throwing up later. Any food when he was starving. But now…
He was chatting. Again, the Goblin felt an odd sense of imbalance, as if he’d spun around repeatedly and the world was spinning. Because this was not something that Goblins did. Not something he did.
Look at Mrsha. The Gnoll was experimentally sniffing one of the bowls covered in acid fly ice cream. Numbtongue offered her his spoon and she licked at the ice cream, avoiding the bug bits. He didn’t talk to her. Numbtongue liked Mrsha. And he was oh, so very grateful that she was willing to talk to him. Goblins had killed her tribe. But he couldn’t talk to her.
“Mrsha, don’t lick that! Numbtongue, don’t encourage her. She gets one dessert, and if she spoils herself, she doesn’t get anything else.”
