Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 6
Both [Captains] raced over as Embria barked a command. Artur had dismounted and was feeding his horse an apple, patting it as the two [Captains] rode in. It was a mark of the times that Artur stood with them instead of either Gnoll or Drake giving him the stink-eye. Vell stood away from Artur, but that was it.
“Yolden…Yolden…it rings a bell, yes? But where? Vell?”
“Aren’t they the ones who make great helmets? What’s the saying?”
Vell snapped her claws, frowning. Artur came over.
“I will take your horse, Captain Wikir? Unless you will ride back?”
“Oh. Thank you…Artur.”
The Gnoll distractedly handed him the reins. Vell did likewise, and Artur came back as she blinked.
“That’s it! Commander Embria, remember? Whenever we go by here, High Command always makes some unlucky bastards like 6th ride up to Yolden and commission some gear.”
“Right…and what’s the saying?”
“You can’t kill a Yoldenite from above.”
Vell began it, and Wikir and Embria finished the sentence. Olesm raised his brows.
“So this is a famous city?”
“Nope.”
All three officers shook their heads instantly as Artur looked from face to face. Vell glanced at the Yoldenites.
“Look at that. Iron and leather armor, and that’s a command squad. Slings.”
“Nothing wrong with a good sling. You can knock on someone’s head with one.”
Wikir growled, amused. Vell glanced at him.
“Okay, want to trade your shortbow for one? We could take that lot with our eyes closed. Even the Ants would dice them two-to-one.”
“I believe we would, yes, Captain Vell.”
Vell jumped, then nodded at Artur.
“Er…right. See? Even our banner-guy could probably out-lead an officer in their army. This is a real border-city, Commander Olesm. Poor weapons, low-level…”
“Why are they here?”
Vell gave Olesm a blank look.
“Maybe they want to trade for gear? Or they’re worried we’ll come at them? I don’t think they’re on Hectval’s side.”
Wikir growled.
“Definitely not. Hectval’s not unified with all the cities. Hrr. I can’t tell you anything more, Commander. Liscor’s army doesn’t fight Yolden or other border cities…no profit. We’re hired for bigger battles. All I can tell you is that they have a weird city.”
“How weird? Commander Embria?”
The [Wing Commander] frowned.
“Something about towns…that’s all I’ve got. Should we socialize?”
“Please. I’ll send Artur for you if I need you, Embria. Be polite. No insults—no disparaging their armor, Vell.”
“Sir! I would never, to their faces. Oh, and when’s the lottery for…?”
Wikir elbowed them, and Olesm headed towards his tent. He distinctly heard Artur whispering to Vell and Wikir.
“It will be today. Commander Olesm will do a raffle of another two squads, but a third will be Antinium. Oh, and we are having a squash-based bread today because a shipment of squash was passed through the door…”
“I hate squash.”
“Vell, do you enjoy any vegetable at all?”
 
——
 
Olesm got a surprise when he entered his tent. He had his tent bodyguard ready…it had occurred to him this might be an ambush. But what he found instead of an attack was Captain Voita helping herself to the food he’d requested.
Oh, and she’d found a bottle that wasn’t meant for this moment and poured herself a cup.
“Yayde Re~. Lovely tent and army you have, Commander Olesm. And it’s an honor to meet you again. I didn’t want to spill over in front of my people, but I’d love one of those autographs I hear people talking about on the scrying orbs.”
“From me? Excuse me, Captain Voita…I’m glad you’ve settled in.”
She had pulled the chair out and loaded up a plate. The Drake looked at Olesm, then hesitated.
“Sorry, is this not good manners?”
