Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 48
Nsiia’s ears were shaking with the sound in the stadium. Domehead turned. He watched the flurry of blows and lifted a fist. Hammera rose—and he tackled her into a wall. She was moving fast—and she had unarmed routines. But he was moving faster.
She struck at him—he blocked and punched her. The second time, she countered. Domehead was moving even faster than the fastest Golems in the Testing grounds. It was as if—Nsiia stopped moving, but he was still copying what he’d seen. It looked fluid—
Alive.
Hammera collapsed. Her chest was dented inwards. The Golem’s Heart animating her couldn’t keep her upright. But Domehead still kept attacking in a flurry. He kept lashing the other Golem’s body, pounding her into the wall until someone called the deactivation command. He stopped, stepped back—
And looked up. Nsiia saw his crystals flashing. The Golem looked up at her. At the stands. Amid the cheering, the shouting—
The stunned silence from those who knew what had happened. Nsiia heard a meow.
Yinah was relieved all the noise had stopped hurting her ears. She wanted to be picked up now. Nsiia obeyed. The animal peered down at Domehead. It stood there. Yinah’s Golem-legs were cold against her arm. Foreign.
A brilliant achievement in Golem-creation? Yes. But not from her. Crafter-Magus Femithain sat in the stands. And if he slept, he would surely hear it.
 
[Skill – Sentience-class Crafting obtained!]
 
—-
 
Perhaps they felt it. Or would simply hear of it. Cognita of Wistram smiled for a second, later that day. The few Golems who knew—listened.
And the Oracle of Elbe laughed. She laughed in her room.
“Once again! Once more, we ask again!”
 
—-
 
Golems. Undead.
The Chosen saw the Necromancer standing with Belavierr. She was making something. Not their joint effort on one of the new Chosen.
“A…Golem?”
It was made of cloth. Belavierr had been working on it. It was…a Gnoll.
Perfect in every way. The [Stitch Witch] looked up.
“Yes.”
The Necromancer waited. But true to her nature, Belavierr did not elaborate. He flicked a finger and a book appeared.
“I did not inquire last time. But you were there when the String People were first sewn. Or rather—when they were freed. They have a name for you.”
“Yes.”
Belavierr looked at the book Az’kerash held. He made a note. She tilted her head and her orange eyes fixed on his black ones.
“Why do you ask?”
“I am writing a history of the world. A correct one. It is a small thing that few will ever read. But it gives me some satisfaction. And my Chosen should know the truth. If you would consent to tell me of that time, I would be…interested. Tell me, Belavierr—this Cloth Golem. What is it for? I see it has no Golem’s Heart.”
Az’kerash closed the book. The [Witch] nodded.
“I do not want a mind. I am not the Threadmakers. I wish for a puppet.”
And the Golem was that. It was so perfectly done…cloth became flesh as it opened its eyes. The [Necromancer] shook his head.
“A masterpiece. You could give it life. Even without my aid.”
Again, the [Stitch Witch] seemed confused.
“Why would I do that? I do not wish to make the Threadmaker’s mistake. If I do wish for something that lives and levels—it must be greater than the parts of what you and I are. My…second child.”
Did undead shiver? Az’kerash looked at Belavierr. He nodded slowly.
“So, the puppet.”
Belavierr bade it rise. It walked away as she spoke.
