Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 60
[Ant Farmer Level 10!]
[Skill – Minor Telepathy (Ants) obtained!]
[Skill – Doubled Collection (Ants) obtained!]
 
…What was an [Ant Farmer]? Crusader 51 didn’t know, but it was honest work. He felt like the Skills were a bit…off, though.
For instance, he doubled the collection of the anthill. But what would a hypothetical farmer of ants want? Well, if they produced something, he could take it.
Instead, what they collected was other insects, plant matter. And they pulled nearly twice as much of it as Crusader 51 doubled their ant farm. In fact…was the queen pregnant? She always was, but was there something…special about this one?
The first ant with wings was born, and Crusader 51 stared as a new queen emerged—and promptly started trying to fight the first one to the death. He separated the impending bloodbath, and, bewildered, the ant colony split into two colonies…side by side.
They kept trying to fight each other, the silly things! He made them work together. Two hives were better than one! His real relief came when he leveled up again shortly after his ants killed a roaming Rockgnaw Goat, a relative of the feared Eater Goat. It wasn’t ready for thousands of big ants to swarm him—or one of the pit traps Crusader 51 had begun to have his ants dig all over.
 
[Ant Farmer Level 12!]
[Skill – Abler Bodied Animals (Ants) obtained!]
 
Yep, there was definitely something odd about his Skills. He felt like the notifications sort of…hesitated. Then added the (Ants) bit.
Sometimes, Crusader 51 thought back to his command. He felt like he could feel them, but that was probably just the sensation of being linked to three hives by now. They were simpler creatures than he.
However, his Skills were empowering them. By two weeks, Crusader 51 was Level 16, and his ants could drag a Corusdeer to their lair.
The local wildlife objected, naturally.
 
——
 
The ant-war made Crusader 51 sick. He walked away from stomping large centipedes, snakes, and watched the smaller Black Tide cover their foes, who’d joined up to stop the ant hegemony.
Was this what I wrought? Crusader 51 looked at his tribute, a pile of skinned snakes. Four queens directed their hives, letting their foes enter into kill-zones, as squads of bigger soldier-ants scurried out and the worker-ants retreated.
They were…getting bigger. He had [Larger Livestock], but perhaps these ants were evolving? Crusader 51 had seen them feasting on two slimes, even the mana cores, and other magical animals had fallen prey to them.
The ruler of the anthills sat, fed. The ants hadn’t learned how to start a fire yet, but they were getting close. They could do almost anything, pile up bits of wood, transport huge objects…
Just not create enough friction for a fire. He didn’t mind. He could lie on his back all day and never have to do anything again. But since he was restless, and the visions kept coming…he dug, and fought, and dreamed of them.
He could see Crusader 57 fighting, in his mind. Hear the Worker shouting insults. Squad 5 was still out there. They took losses, but they kept going onwards. Commander Olesm had gotten unexpected reinforcements.
Crusader 51 had been declared dead, and Squad 5 had refused to tell Dekass where he went. So the Prognugator and Olesm had given up on him since no one else had deserted.
Did he know that, or was it just a dream?
[Minor Telepathy (Ants)].
 
——
 
He was an Antinium. Had someone made a stupid mistake? Crusader 51 felt like these…dreams…were too real.
