Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 46
Demons were speaking up now, unable to keep silent. Demanding questions of the War Queen Heclaivk, who was waiting for a response from the throne or Deathless. Into this moment, as chaos swirled, the Antinium were leaving. All but this lone warrior, herald of countless more.
Czkelcill passed by Flora, and no one dared to stop him, or the other five. His gaze turned and fixed her with a look again, but he seemed content to leave. A Hive went to war, for better or worse. So—
The True Antinium’s footsteps slowed. The other Antinium didn’t notice. They proceeded onwards, and comically halted after two dozen strides towards the door. Bazeth backed away, shielding her with one arm; he had orders to protect Flora with his life.
Slowly, the Centenium’s head turned. Flora saw that bright gaze turn. Suddenly—a discordant note filled the air.
The perfect strings on the instrument, snapped. Thousands of them, all at once. This time even the Deathless froze in sudden, terrible anticipation.
The Voice of the Antinium’s grip had torn the strings. His own instrument! Flora trembled as his gaze swept over her—
—And past her. He wasn’t looking at her at all. He was staring at—at—
Suddenly, the Centenium did not seem so weary. He did not seem so tired, or calm. Something filled the air.
Wrath. The other Antinium were tensed. One spoke, aiming towards the throne, the Deathless.
“What? Battle?”
One word from him and everyone died. Yet the Voice of the Antinium said nothing. Slowly, more strings snapped. Yet when he spoke, Czkelcill’s voice was filled with the same loathing, the same hatred as Flora felt emanating off of him. A rage beyond naming. Cold fury deeper than any grave.
“The enemy has multiplied.”
She did not know what it meant. The Antinium did. And it seemed then, as if the world did end. But how did he know?
What did he stare at?
Not even Silvenia and Czautha and the Death of Wings could see. Yet there the Centenium looked. He felt it. He saw…
 
——
 
It. It paused on its long journey. Past Terandria, far from Chandrar where it had begun. It had delayed, stalled, meandered. The journey meant as much as the end, after all.
It of the six. It was not alone, but only it dared tread on Rhir’s ground now. That was a madness of a different kind.
Even in the land of the dead, Rhir was empty. Two more watched warily from a distance. 
The Huntress and the Dancing Man. They had followed it, seeing a change in one of their companions. They were alarmed, but did not tread on Rhir.
Why had it stopped? What was it looking at? For a moment, it stared at something, and the gaze was returned, across a veil thinner than paper, as wide as—
But if one person felt it—
So did something else. And it too—
Stirred.
 
——
 
“Stirs. The enemy stirs.”
The first croak came from the representative of War Queen Heclaivk. No longer calm, logical pronouncements, but a strained voice.
Suddenly, more voices filled the air, from the other five Antinium. They spoke rapidly, no longer in silence, forcing the words out that they might be heard through one medium or another.
“Czkelcill. Return. Return.”
“The Unitasis Network is breaking.”
“Queens are dying.”
It was so fast. One second everyone was tensed—the next, they were watching a nightmare, but one they couldn’t understand. The Centenium turned. Another voice cried out.
“Slk Hive…eradicated. Wrchrl Hive under siege. It stirs.”
