Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 31
“Pallass. Spell activation in one minute. Be prepared.”
He didn’t see the [Strategist] who’d made the statue to General Sserys. Just Antinium pouring out of the tunnels. Regular Soldiers…the Hives were treating this like another raid. They weren’t risking valuable assets. They might be aware, but—
The scrolls activated on the second scrying orb just ahead of Chaldion’s internal countdown. He saw the second image shake, and shouts from the others.
“Let’s go, Mivi, Shrieky!”
Saliss leapt into the air impossibly high. Potion of Jumping. He’d been prepared; Mivifa was already flying upwards. Her Pegasus caught Saliss and then Shriekblade as the two rose.
The earthquake’s tremors were felt even in the other orb, if far less this far away from the concentrated area of impact. The adventurers looked up.
“That’s the spell! Wait for confirm—we’re clear! Go, go!”
The communication spell was a mess of chatter; Chaldion was listening to the adventurers’ communications at the same time as the [Strategists] barked at the adventurers to retreat now.
The Gold-ranks were only too happy to oblige. They grabbed [Lesser Teleport] scrolls or cast the spell and blinked out of their formation. The Swordsman of Six was last. He vanished as he speared a Soldier through. They covered the scene at once, but the adventurers were gone.
“Move the [Scrying] spell to Evac Point A!”
One of the [Strategists] shouted. A [Mage] was already calibrating the orb. Both flickered—and the adventurers appeared again. Chaldion saw Saliss, Shriekblade, and Mivifa in one orb, flying towards the border under a [Haste] potion. In the other orb, the adventurers had appeared, teleporting a short distance away from the Hives.
“[Haste] spells active on Group Two. [Expeditious Retreat]!”
A [Strategist] used a Skill and the adventurers sped up. Not all [Strategists] could use their Skills at range; but obviously the Walled Cities had all kinds of specialists. The second group with the Swordsman of Six ran. And Antinium were already moving, pouring out of more tunnels to catch them.
Flying Antinium, now. Chaldion’s eyes narrowed as he saw them emerge from their Hive and the Grand Queen’s Hive in other views. But they were still slower than adventurers under multiple effects. Group Two was running—they’d teleport again, leapfrogging their way back towards the evacuation point where a long-range [Teleportation] spell would take them into Manus’ aegis.
“Flying Antinium are pursuing Group One. Unable to reach fighting altitudes. Monitoring…”
The Flying Antinium were leaping from cliffs, beating their wings but gliding downwards, trying to attack the Oldblood of Feathers as she flew south. It was comical—until you saw how many Flying Antinium were gathered below.
One bowshot, one fall and several thousand would swarm you in the first seconds. And more were coming out, furious at the attack on one of the Hives. Worse—
“The Flying Antinium are employing leapfrog strategy. Be advised—Group One is coming under attack.”
They were smart enough to bypass the Flying Antinium’s inability to actually fly.
The mass of insects below rose up like a wave. This time they leapt, a first wave launching into the air with powerful wing beats and legs. And a second wave, perfectly coordinated behind them, and the third…
