Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 26
[Weapon of Faith]. Crusader 53 brought it down on the helmet, and the Hectval troops broke and ran. The Soldier happily patted his mace as Crusader 51 stared down at Crusader 57 again. 
 
——
 
“Enchanted flamberge. We will send it back to Liscor.”
Tersk announced the moment Squad 5 presented the weapon to him. Dekass agreed instantly.
“This is an enchanted weapon of acceptable grade. Too valuable to be lost.”
He looked at the squad of Antinium. You could not lose enchanted items. Those were in short supply. The same with valuable Antinium. Everything else?
He spotted Crusader 51’s sword and pointed at that.
“Tersk. That Antinium has an enchanted sword as well. A potent one.”
Crusader 51 saw Tersk focus on him. The Armored Prognugator clicked his mandibles.
“Ah. You are right. I had seen it, but Dekass, as someone who has been a Soldier without armor, I considered Squad 5 might benefit from it, as that is a weapon they use.”
Tersk tapped the side of his head knowingly. Dekass nodded but twiddled his thumbs.
“Yes…but would that sword not be lost when this Antinium dies? I suggest, Tersk, that we return both blades to the Free Antinium. They have already accounted for more worth than one squad…given their turnover rates.”
Tersk reluctantly looked at Squad 5.
“You may have a point. Crusader, hand over your gear. We will replace it. I will send it tonight via door.”
His sword? Crusader 51 slowly lifted his sword up out of its sheath. Tersk reached for it impatiently.
A giant hand fell on the Prognugator’s shoulder. Tersk went still, and the specialist assigned to their division rumbled.
“You will not.”
Calruz the Minotaur, with his one hand, regarded Crusader 53. And Crusader 51. He nodded to them as Tersk began to argue. The Minotaur had one huge axe strapped to his back. He did not have his little rats, but he was Calruz. Crusader 53 stared up at the Minotaur as he snapped at Tersk.
“You do not understand your soldiers. I thought you were beginning to learn.”
Tersk’s mandibles clicked shut. He took a step back, regarded Squad 5, and abruptly nodded.
“You are right. They should keep the blade. We will even give another squad the flamberge.”
“What? Inconceivable. Tersk, this conclusion is nonsensical!”
Dekass protested, but Tersk and Calruz were inspecting each other, and the Minotaur jerked his head. Tersk slowly nodded back.
“Dekass, it is a lesson Pawn taught me once. I will explain it to you many times.”
Squad 5 watched as he marched Dekass off. Then they looked to Calruz. He nodded at Squad 5. Calruz eyed the zweihander the new Crusader 57 held.
“Huh. That’s oversized. Someone made that for a truly large form. Even a Soldier would have trouble with it. I’d think twice about using it with two arms. Give it to me. We’ll replace it.”
He reached for the blade, and Crusader 57 smacked Calruz’s hand down. All of Squad 5 recoiled as the Minotaur blinked.
“Give that to me. I will replace it with—”
He reached out again, and Crusader 57 bit at him. Two mandibles clicked, and Calruz jerked his hand back. He and Crusader 51 stared at the new Crusader 57. Who was this?
Another bad Antinium. The Worker with the zweihander on its back refused to let Calruz take the blade. And when they were dismissed for food, he elbowed his way to the front of the line.
Crusader 51 disliked him instantly. What was a Worker doing with Squad 5? When Crusader 51 sat down to feed his pillbugs, Crusader 57 took one look at them and tried to eat one! When Crusader 51 grabbed his arm, the Worker didn’t hand the pillbug back, but flicked it into the distance.
