Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 32
“Oh yeah? Oh yeah? Watch me! Your City Watch let these guys threaten Octavia, steal money—hey Relc, if you find all that gang and this Quelm guy, I’ll give you free food for a week!”
“Awesome!”
The [Mayor] clutched at his hair.
“You can’t do this! There will be consequences!”
“I am the consequences!”
The rule of law in Celum was breaking down. But that was another story. For the Goblin and the Antinium Soldier relaxing in the street outside of Stitchworks, their role had ended. Numbtongue was checking himself for more injuries as Yellow Splatter pulled broken bits of metal out of his carapace.
“I will most likely level from this. But this encounter proves how weak I am.”
“Yeah?”
Numbtongue looked up. By his count, Yellow Splatters had downed at least twelve of the Humans here and injured a score more. The Soldier nodded.
“We were overwhelmed by low-level Humans. It is proof we are weak. We are all weak. I am told even Revalantor Klbkch died when fighting a score of small Goblins.”
Numbtongue shrugged. A knife in the belly was a knife in the belly.
“Not enough armor. Too slow. Redscar or Garen could beat all of the Humans. Or maybe Headscratcher with his enchanted axe. Actually, even Headscratcher would probably die alone. Fighting lots of anything is hard.”
“Yes. But we must improve.”
“You’ll level up.”
The Hobgoblin winced as he pulled a bit of wood out of his side. His flesh had healed around the splinter.  He looked up as the [Mayor] stormed off, having lost the shouting match with Erin. Yellow Splatters looked too.
“It appears that Erin Solstice is attempting to resolve the situation on our behalf. That is very convenient.”
“She’s…family.”
The [Bard] looked at Erin. He shook his head. There would be consequences. There always were. But for a moment, with Erin shouting, she could turn a city on its head. He looked at Yellow Splatters after a moment.
“Are you really the Prognugator? Of the…Hive?”
The Soldier paused.
“That was a convenient fact.”
The [Bard] smiled.
“A lie.”
“Perhaps.”
They waited as Erin stomped back towards the shop. Octavia clambered down from her roof to look at the young woman. Erin looked angry, upset—and frightened. She’d looked at Numbtongue when he’d been covered in blood with real fear. Now she rounded on Octavia.
“Thugs? This Quelm dude threatening you? Octavia, why didn’t you tell me this was happening?”
The Stitch-Girl looked down at her hands. She tugged at a string and muttered.
“I—well, I tried, Erin. Remember when I tried to talk to you? But you were busy and I thought the City Watch might handle it, but it all got out of hand too fast. I went to you, Lyonette, Krshia, Ceria, at the start, but no one would listen. And after Ksmvr said no, one of those Humans came by and said that if I went through to your inn again or I tried to inform the Watch again, they’d burn down the shop. With me inside.”
“Oh.”
Erin stared at Octavia. The [Alchemist] grinned weakly.
“Don’t worry. I knew you’d do something if you found out, but those guys—they’re dangerous. There was another [Alchemist] who didn’t listen. Jeffil. They…broke his arms. Stabbed the [Watchman] he hired. I thought if I went to you and they got you…it all worked out, right?”
“Sure. I mean—yeah. I’ll make this right, Octavia. Those guys and this Quelm dude are going to pay. Relc’s on the case! He can beat them all up. I think Embria’s followed him. And Grimalkin.”
Erin waved at the street vaguely. Numbtongue exchanged a glance with Yellow Splatters. One against thirty? The Soldier whispered.
“Weak.”
