Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 20
She turned to the others watching with her. Mrsha scribbled furiously, but Lyonette beat her to the punch. She gave the image a wary look and then turned to Erin.
“I fear he’s going to do something stupid, Erin. He did indeed look off to me. Rather like you do whenever you lose your temper.”
Erin squeaked.
“Me? What does—”
Then everyone saw Lord Etril Wellfar appear on the railings of The Pride of the Wellfar. He called down—calmly—to the nobles on the docks.
“Lord Admiral Deinol, I hear and understand the issue of statue limitations. Allow me to rectify the issue.”
“Rectify the…”
The mustachioed man caught on a second too late. He began waving his hands as Lord Etril turned and pointed.
“Don’t you dare! Krakens damn you, Etril! Don’t you—”
“Fire!”
And then Erin went blind for a second. The person holding the camera actually had the wherewithal to aim it at the distant statue on the plaza.
Erin didn’t know what it was made of or which [Sculptor] of antiquity had created it—but whatever it was, it wasn’t proof against a bolt of lightning as large as the statue blowing it to pieces.
The Pride of the Wellfar was a magical ship. It had magical artillery that had forced Ailendamus to flee it on land as well as sea. The first bolt blew half of poor Lord Shellac’s head off and sent an arm spinning into the sea. Two more lanced the statue with pinpoint accuracy, and then a pair of legs and a ruined pedestal were all that was left. Right until the molten fire landed on it and clung, burning, to the base.
When the ringing finally stopped, Etril Wellfar turned back to the stunned crowd.
“There. Problem solved.”
Ryoka’s mouth was open as wide as everyone else’s in the background. Erin gazed at Lord Etril, and Mrsha applauded her new favorite [Lord] ever. The [Innkeeper] heard Lyonette exhale loudly.
“Well, that has put the cat in the royal coop. Of course Ryoka associates with people like him.”
Then the shouting really started.
 
——
 
Ryoka had seen Etril snap. She was familiar with snapping. He had the opposite of chill. However, he was not blind with fury, either.
He had a list of targets he could have erased with the Pride’s firepower. Any statue, really. But he had chosen a Wellfar statue, because he wasn’t stupid.
Exploding another House’s statue seemed like a really good way to start a feud. This? This only got him in trouble with his own House.
Mind you—it was a lot of trouble. Lord Admiral Deinol. Ryoka didn’t know his exact rank, but she had to assume he outranked Etril and was probably one of the leaders of House Wellfar. As she recalled, they had a kind of shared authority unlike the other Five Families.
“Etril Wellfar, you fool! You’ve destroyed Lord Shellac’s legacy!”
“He only invented the sailor’s telescope! And he got that from Drowned Folk! He was a damned landsman politician, not a hero of House Wellfar! He commissioned his own statue!”
Etril bellowed back. Another [Lady] of House Wellfar sporting a noble dress, delicate brocade—and a huge tattoo that Erin was pretty sure Mrsha shouldn’t be seeing—howled up at him.
“And he’s been standing there for three thousand years, you salt-headed fool! Come down here, and I’ll spank you like I used to, you brat!”
Wellfar…was fairly casual. Which was hilarious, because the other noble families were watching this spat with horror or amusement. Erin saw a [Lady] and [Lord] laughing so hard on the ship they could barely stand upright.
This was definitely good televised content. Drassi was chortling—until Wetiole spoke.
“Oh dear. Can we move the camera crew back? I think this might get ugly.”
