Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 20
Ryoka Griffin, from much experience being an embarrassed younger person herself, knew he was probably two seconds from tossing himself out the window. So she raised her hands, and brought them together.
She began to clap. Not just politely, but with genuine approbation. For ten seconds, then twenty.
Then she stopped. The young man just looked at her in horror. The Wind Runner cleared her throat, twice.
“It was really good. I mean it. You…you must be a fan of music. That sounded like the Singer of Terandria’s music. You even have a mic. It’s as good as any song I’ve heard, really. Throw in a guitar, a drum, or some kind of acoustics, and it’s perfect. Just great. Yeah. Sorry, I was looking for a place to hide and…”
She made a wild guess, but there was no way to take what he’d been singing as anything but from a kind of pop-inspired genre. The microphone was the big clue. Someone had seen the Singer’s music video, or perhaps even a copy of her performance and taken the tool without knowing what it was for.
“Wh—what? You think it’s good?”
The blush on his cheeks actually manifested as brighter, not darkening. What color was his blood? Ryoka realized that his pupils were unnaturally large. He had no whites of the eyes; they were different colors instead, and his irises…she hesitated.
Play it calm. The fact that he didn’t jump to panic was a good sign. She checked herself, nodded.
“Absolutely. Did you come up with that song yourself? You could sing professionally.”
She wasn’t lying either. Even if he hadn’t been a good singer, being able to duet by yourself was a great talent, but he had amazing pipes.
“Really. Uh—I’ve never shown anyone. Only a few other songs. That was private. How—how did you get in here? No one told me we were having visitors. You’re a guest, aren’t you?”
The young man glanced around. He was reassuring himself that this wasn’t some random Human discovering his nature. Ryoka nodded.
“Fithea invited me. I know uh, Rhisveri. I’m a guest of his. Sort of.”
That made the young man visibly relax. Then his second head finally stopped grimacing in horror and peered at Ryoka.
“Oh, good. I thought…”
It was astonishing. The second head spoke for the first one as if continuing the conversation for the first. No visible infighting or separation of personalities. Two heads instead of one. Ryoka smiled.
“Sorry. I uh, caused a commotion, but I really am a guest. I didn’t mean to intrude. I upset some of the others. The—Merfolk? And Gilaw? They didn’t know I was a guest. I ducked in here. My name’s Ryoka Griffin.”
“Oh, Gilaw would do that. She gets nervous and she’s only been here fourteen years.”
The young man murmured. Ryoka blinked. This was such a casual conversation, but…no, keep it casual. It surely was to him.
“What’s your name?”
“Menorkel. It’s longer, but you can call me Menor. Paterghost—sorry, Lady Paterghost and Nube insist on full names, but no one else does.”
Paterghost and Nube. Hm. Ryoka’s immortal-senses were tingling. She smiled.
“Pleased to meet you. I’m a Courier.”
“A Courier? We’ve never had anyone who’s a Courier as a guest. I thought you were one of us…but you’re not.”
Menorkel was astonished. Ryoka shrugged.
“I’m a bit special. Look, I’ll keep your singing secret, but it was truly good.”
“You don’t think the song needed work? What about the lyrics?”
Dead gods. Ryoka felt like she was talking to a young musician. He wore his insecurities on his face. Both faces. She bit her lip.
