Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 58
Manus just had more levels, more gear, and more numbers. This was what Lulv had come for. Send me more Painted Antinium! They were a threat if you could field a thousand. Or ten thousand. A hundred and forty less walked the world.
Next time, he hoped they’d field all they had.
 
 
 
 
Olesm, [Leader]
 
He survived the [Fireball]. Tersk lived.
Theophilus was dead. Jerimy was dead. A hundred and forty of the Painted Antinium were dead and just as many of the regular ones. The rest were leaving, and Olesm couldn’t blame them.
It was something Tersk said, as he lay on the bed. He was wounded still.
“I am poisoned. I will live. I cannot command. Dekass will command. They are weaker. Weaker…you cannot let Artur or Zimrah near the front. They will die. He came for me. It hurts.”
He was mumbling as Olesm trudged into the tent. Tersk stared up at the ceiling, but he turned his head to Olesm.
“Weaker? How?”
“I do not know. Maybe I thought they were stronger.”
Tersk was holding the hole in his abdomen. Olesm just looked at him.
“Get some rest, Tersk. You did…all you could.”
Morale in the army was as low as it had ever been. That was the problem with hope. The Painted Antinium’s arrival had been turned into a resounding defeat.
Damn Manus. Olesm punched the nearest post and had to go back to the [Healer]. Was there no hope? Was there…
Zimrah was sitting in the [Healer]’s tent. When she saw Olesm clutching his split claw, she tried to heal him.
But her Skill or whatever it was didn’t work.
“Why was it them and not me?”
The [Priest] looked at Olesm. He shook his head.
“I’m sorry.”
He had to know how many they’d lost. Dekass was counting the Antinium when Olesm walked towards him, claw bandaged rather than healed.
“Squad 5! Muster! One, two…nine. Who’s missing?”
He looked around. Crusader 53 was gone. Crusader 51 was shaking as he stood in line. Olesm found Dekass.
“Commander Dekass. Tersk is unable to fight. I need you to count casualties…but you are a marked target. Please remember that. Keep Zimrah away from the fighting. I’m sending Artur to Belgrade’s side to be protected.”
Dekass turned. The Armored Prognugator looked at Olesm and nodded.
“I am not afraid to die, Commander. I will attempt to survive. But someone must lead the Antinium. We are bound to die, it seems. I request placing Tersk with the wounded in your camp. He has leveled over the course of this war. One of us will return to the Armored Hive.”
He turned back to counting. Olesm looked at Dekass. It was the most he’d ever felt for the Armored Prognugator. Not a hint of running after what he’d seen? Then he realized Dekass was counting each squad out loud. He normally did it just by looking.
“Come to my tent later. We’ll figure out how to stop this. And have a drink.”
Dekass paused, but Olesm walked onwards. He walked past B-Squad, down a Worker, silent, past the Painted Antinium who looked at that battlefield where their beautiful colors meant nothing. Starfold sat there as Olesm passed by.
“It is more horrifying. Did our levels, our identity mean nothing after all?”
Olesm turned. He addressed the Painted Antinium curtly. With all the pain in the world, but as a [Leader]. As…a [Commander].
“No. It matters. You are all Individuals. You level. You have classes and Skills, and you are each one of you a treasure of the Antinium.”
The Painted Antinium looked at the Drake. Olesm nodded over his shoulder bitterly.
“The problem is that you ran into people just like you. And they’ve been alive twenty, thirty, forty times as long as you.”
Starfold listened, then bowed his head.
