Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 22
Lest you forget—House Veltras had sent thousands of their finest soldiers to follow Tyrion Veltras to war. They were all ready to disembark. Instantly, Ryoka saw Jericha draw a sword and lift a wand.
Oh shit. The Five Families looked up as Lord Deinol turned white.
“Lord Tyrion, have you taken leave of your senses?”
Tyrion ignored him. He glanced at Etril Wellfar, who looked as astonished as everyone else.
“Lord Etril Wellfar will not be taken into custody. Anyone attempting to do so will face House Veltras. Withdraw your forces, Deinol.”
Now, the nobility were in full retreat and fighting with the common folk who weren’t giving them an escape route. Deinol hesitated—there was an army of guards at the docks.
But there was a real army on that ship.
“If you raise a blade against us—”
And again, Tyrion cut him off. His cousins were looking uneasily at him, and Pellmia had a grip on his arm.
“—dead god’s sake, Tyrion! Don’t—”
But the [Lord] just called out in a ringing voice.
“House Veltras. Sortie and clear the docks of hostile forces on my signal.”
He lifted his hand, and at that, everyone began running. Because it was Tyrion Veltras. And standing here, watching the train wreck—no, the train going off the rails, hitting the schoolbus and setting a gas station on fire—was Ryoka Griffin.
And she hadn’t done anything! She hadn’t said a word! This was—Ryoka was hyperventilating. How were other people so good at causing trouble?
They could not have a bloodbath. Not in Wellfar. Not between Wellfar and Veltras—not in general! She had to do something.
Ryoka was halfway towards Tyrion before she realized what was happening. Then she lunged and grabbed him as he half-turned. She grabbed his arms and put both in a bear-hug.
“Tyrion—stop! Just pull your forces back, please!”
He stared at her as Pellmia exhaled in relief. The [Lord] took Tyrion’s other side.
“I was just—”
“Stand down! Just tell them to stand down and everyone relax! You won a war—you came back! Etril, do something!”
The [Lord] blinked at Ryoka, then raised one hand.
“Wellfar, stand down! We’ll disembark in peace, Lord Deinol. Let’s settle this at the Conclave of Ships.”
“A-agreed! Peace! Veltras—”
But House Veltras was already standing down. Jericha signaled them as she eyed Ryoka. Tyrion wasn’t resisting much. He just blinked at her as she spoke rapidly.
“Tyrion, Sammial is somewhere in First Landing! You can’t start a war! Just—let Etril sort it out and help him later!”
He nodded fractionally. The nobility turned back, and everyone looked at Ryoka as Etril came striding down the gangplank, looking slightly…amused? He glanced up at Ryoka, and she held onto Tyrion—just in case.
“You may release me, Ryoka.”
“You’re not going to start a battle?”
The [Lord] exhaled slowly as Pellmia eyed him on his other side. He looked from one to the other and raised his brow. Quietly, very quietly, he averted his head and lifted a hand to whisper to them.
“I was not intending to from the start. That was a bluff. I am aware of the fallout.”
Ryoka’s mouth dropped. Pellmia copied her. They stared at Tyrion. Straightlaced Tyrion who—could indeed pull off a feint. It was just that no one expected him to deceive—
In fairness, it had fooled a lot of people on the docks. And in fairness—Ryoka had just watched a Dragon and Wyrm nearly fight to the death, so she was understandably jumpy about confrontations.
Then Ryoka looked down and saw the eyes of the Five Families on her. She saw a shining scrying orb and realized how it looked.
