Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 4
“Mhm. Same with Goblins. Goblins have a tribe. Or Goblins are in another tribe. Either way, Goblins are all Goblins. We don’t have friends.”
This time both Goblin and Antinium nodded. They were on the same wavelength. Goblins didn’t have friends. They were all Goblins. Sometimes you attacked another tribe, but you were all Goblins when you got down to it, you were on the same side. Goblins had too many enemies to make distinctions. And your tribe…Numbtongue thought of his fellow Redfangs and swallowed, though he had nothing to eat. You were friends with everyone in your tribe, or no one.
Yellow Splatters was still nodding.
“We are not friends. We have not established any grounds for friendship as I understand the concept. Nor have we formally declared it. I am also unprepared for such a relationship. I have not studied the subject from Revalantor Klbkch. Thus, we cannot be friends. I apologize if this offends you, Numbtongue.”
The Goblin considered this for only a moment before waving a claw idly.
“I don’t care. I don’t have friends. Except for Erin?”
He and the Antinium considered the [Innkeeper]. Yellow Splatters frowned, which in the Antinium’s face was represented by his antennae drooping and mandibles drawing together and lowering.
“Would she qualify as a friend? By that standard, then, all of the Painted Soldiers….”
“Maybe? Maybe she’s not a ‘friend’. Maybe…Lyonette? No. She’s not my friend. Mrsha?”
The two looked around for the Gnoll. Yellow Splatters scratched at one antennae gently.
“I was informed by Revalantor Klbkch that making friends with members of the Antinium not considered fully grown was something of a social fault.”
“Hm. Maybe?”
Yellow Splatters leaned over the table.
“How does one become a friend, anyways? I have heard they exchange blood.”
“Um…Redfangs do that.”
“Really? Are you all friends, then?”
“…No. Wait. Let me think.”
The Hobgoblin sat back, thinking. And there it was again. He was chatting with Yellow Splatters. Not talking about something huge and momentous, or deeply personal like with Erin. Just…talking about mundane things. Unimportant things, like friendship or favorite foods. It was so novel.
Of course, Numbtongue had done the same with Headscratcher, with Badarrow and Rabbiteater and Shorthilt and the others. But they hadn’t done this. They’d been a team; they didn’t often waste time talking when they could read each other so well. That was why this was so novel.
“Redfangs aren’t friends. Garen would have said so. We’re brothers. Comrades. Warriors. F-family?”
Numbtongue pronounced the word awkwardly. It was one of the first times he’d used it. But Erin had taught him the meaning and it was true of his old tribe. He looked down into his mug. Yellow Splatters looked at him and Numbtongue waited. But all the Antinium did was nod and drink from his own mug.
“Friends. Family. What…refreshing words.”
Numbtongue looked up sharply.
“Yes. They are.”
The two regarded each other a second time. And there it was. Numbtongue had waited for Yellow Splatters to ask a question. Any question. About the Redfangs. About Numbtongue’s past. About what he was…feeling. And he hadn’t. He didn’t need to ask. What was amazing, what was special, was the way the two knew each other. More than just acquaintances who’d met once before.
They’d fought on the same battlefield. And more—their lives mirrored each other. They understood something Numbtongue could never have explained to Erin or Lyonette. That mattered.
