Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 42
However, Belgrade’s tone was too…personable. He was cheerful, but there was a kind of edge to it that would have made Embria eye someone who said it at a bar. Or under her command.
“We were there at the beginning. We should have died before she did. Failing that…we will take revenge. Even if she comes back, someone will suffer.”
“Why Erin Solstice?”
Belgrade gave Embria a look like she was a [Recruit] and he was a [Veteran Lineholder] being asked why he held his spear like that.
“Because she fed us. Because she played chess with us. Because these things have never happened to us. You do not like Hectval’s food? You find it disgusting?”
“I—er, yes. Revolting.”
Belgrade nodded peaceably.
“It is the finest food I would have ever tasted had I not known Erin.”
“Do you mean you eat that paste every day?”
Embria was revolted by it. Belgrade looked her dead in the eyes.
“Of course.”
“But you don’t like it.”
The Drake tried again. Belgrade gave her another one of those looks.
“…Why would we enjoy it? Do you wish to have some?”
She raised her claws defensively.
“No, absolutely not!”
The [Strategist] nodded.
“Then why would we want to eat it?”
“Er…because you’re Antinium. I just thought…”
Well, that was it. Belgrade raised his mandibles, and Embria wondered if that meant he was angry.
“You are very funny, Wing Commander Embria. Do you think Antinium are…happy? That we are, on average, happy? Or that we do not feel?”
“…If I had to guess? I wouldn’t assume you were feeling much. Or that you’re happy in your Hive.”
A strange fluttering sound emerged from Belgrade’s mouth, like some vast moth making a weird noise. Embria jumped and put a hand on her sword, but Belgrade just shook his head.
“So funny. You are wrong, Wing Commander. Even about us not feeling anything. I did not know I was sad until I learned what happy was. Have a good night. If you find any bed bugs, give them to me, please.”
He turned and walked off, leaving Embria alone with mixed feelings in the night.
 
——
 
The Hectval army came at them an hour later. There was plenty of warning. Horns had Embria out of her tent and swearing. She had her armor on in a trice and saw Vell stumbling towards her, yanking a boot on as she cursed out Hectval.
“Those idiots want a night attack? Do they think the Antinium don’t see in the dark?”
“Do they?”
“I bet they do! I’m wiping my tail with a hundred of those [Soldiers]! 2nd Squad, with me!”
Angry 4th Company [Soldiers] formed up. They weren’t nervous—just pissed they had to fight sleepy. Even the regular Liscorian [Soldiers] looked more grumpy than nervous.
Morale was high, and Embria saw Olesm forming up a broad defensive line. Like always, the Antinium were on the left, and Embria saw Belgrade on the right while Bepol and Ramia, under Olesm, took center.
“4th Company! We’re maneuvering! Maksie, you see why Hectval’s in the air?”
The [Scout Leader]’s voice took a moment as Embria called into her speaking stone. Embria was marching her five hundred briskly, ready to hit targets of opportunity. Wikir had command of the other half of her forces and began to split off so they could hit more areas.
“I…I see a new group in the middle. Not big. I can’t tell anything from this high up. I’m…hold on. I feel like I’m being watched. Is there something up here with me?”
The uncertain note in Maksie’s voice made Embria hesitate. Olesm tuned in instantly too.
“Oldbloods? Watch for enemy [Scouts].”
“Yes, sir. It’s not that. I feel…no, I can’t see anything and cloud cover is nonexistent. There’s something off about this, though. Wing Commander, you feel that?”
