Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 22
She was more amazed that Erin had gone along with Altestiel, [Calm] spell or not. Lyonette would have assumed it would take a Tier 6 spell to have Erin let her hair down. Speaking of spells as well…
If Olesm was not courting Erin and purely here to watch Altestiel fail because he had Maviola and he was completely over Erin…and Numbtongue was making an effort, and Garry was looking for flowers with Bird—Palt was talking with Imani.
The two had not joined the rush. Or the fun in watching and speculating whom Erin might choose. There were more prospective suitors. Dawil had produced a rather fine bouquet of brandy in a crystal decanter. Ylawes was giving him grief.
“What are you doing, Dawil?”
“Having lots of fun, lad. Having lots of fun. And who are you to say I don’t have a shot? Because I’m a Dwarf? That’s heightist.”
The [Knight] threw his hands up. Imani half-smiled.
“Looks like a lot of people want to court Erin all of a sudden.”
“The Earl’s opened the floodgates. They don’t really have a chance. I’d say…there are only a few who might.”
“I think you’re right.”
The [Cook] did not look at the [Illusionist]. She spoke, in a very calm, deliberate tone.
“I think—I think a lot of people are more worried that Erin would fall in love. Even if she’s not loved…a lot of people like her.”
“Us included, right?”
“Of course. She’s a terrible restaurant manager. But she’s kind and generous and…brave. That’s why you like her.”
Dead silence. The Centaur stared past Imani. He took a long inhale on the cigar.
“Yes.”
Imani nodded. Her face was composed.
“You never said anything.”
“Erin’s tricky.”
“Mhm.”
The Centaur shuffled his hooves.
“…It’s not as if there were other reasons.”
“Right. But you liked her. You…you should give her something from Baleros. I know you have trinkets. Something fun. A little mage-gift.”
Palt started. He looked at Imani.
“You think I should give a gift?”
“And confess. The Earl proved you have to or she’ll just ignore you. Go on.”
“And you’re…”
Okay with that? Palt didn’t say it. If he had, Beza and Montressa might have broken all four of his legs. Imani stared past Palt.
“I don’t think it matters, does it?”
“Of course it does.”
She looked up at him. Palt flinched.
“Then what am I supposed to do? Wait here? I’m not a second-best prize.”
She turned and walked away. Not into the kitchen, but upstairs.
“You damn donkey. I thought you were tactful. Or at least, intelligent!”
“Mule’s ass. You’d better watch your tail at night.”
Montressa and Beza shoved past Palt, going after Imani. The Centaur opened and closed his mouth.
He bowed his head. Then looked up.
The rain had returned. Palt…waited. He just wanted to see. So did Olesm. Numbtongue glanced up. Dawil produced some beard oil.
Erin Solstice was laughing when she returned to the inn. Just—laughing. Giggling at a joke Altestiel had made. She did not look swept off her feet. But what was better and worse depending on how you looked at it—
She looked at ease.
“Water bridges are so cool. Mrsha, you have to try them! You can slide down them like…a slide!”
She waved her arms. The Earl smiled.
“What about that game of Go, then?”
The proverbial ball was in his court and he was going for a second point. Erin looked around as the Earl pointed to a waiting chess table—
“Erin! I am courting you!”
Garry and the Antinium. The [Chef] pushed past Altestiel. He had a dandelion plucked from the Garden in one hand. Altestiel stared at the Antinium. Kiish’s jaw dropped in horror.
This was the competitive field? But before Erin could so much as blink—or laugh—Numbtongue had appeared.
