Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 33
Numbtongue just looked at Erin. She was talking to Octavia, looking frustrated, angry—but there was another emotion running underneath it all. It was guilt. She turned to him after a moment.
“Hey Numbtongue, I’m going to fix this. You stay here, okay?”
“Sure.”
The Hobgoblin nodded. The [Innkeeper] smiled at him and then turned and stomped back towards the [Mayor] for round two. He watched her for a second, and then stood up. Yellow Splatters was already on his feet.
“Hey. That’s the Human.”
Numbtongue pointed. Yellow Splatters turned his head and the Soldier started.
“Ah. The ally.”
The Goblin and Soldier walked over to the man standing down the street. He had cleaned the blood from the place he’d been stabbed and he seemed in better condition than Numbtongue or Yellow Splatters. The [Enforcer], who to Numbtongue was just another Human with a hat, tipped his cap as they approached.
“Good scrap, sirs. Pardon the abrupt introduction. I hope I was of some help? I can’t abide by uncivilized sorts. That young lady in the shop doing well?”
He nodded towards Stitchworks. Numbtongue stared blankly at him.
“Octavia? Fine.”
He noticed the [Enforcer] didn’t bat an eye at the way Numbtongue spoke. His eyes did widen a bit when Yellow Splatters turned to him.
“You rendered us assistance during the conflict. For that you have my gratitude. I am Yellow Splatters. Who are you?”
The man shook Yellow Splatter’s hand without a second’s thought. He tipped his hat to Numbtongue, who didn’t hold his hand out to shake. The [Enforcer]’s smile was genial. And reserved.
“You can call me a serendipitous friend. We don’t do in names, us that work in this line of business.”
“What line?”
“The same as those poor fools you and I scrapped with.”
The man nodded to the street. Some of the Humans were still there, although the City Watch had put them in cuffs. For some it was a cuff too many; their limbs had healed, but the severed digits and hands were gone. A consequence of using a potion too early. Numbtongue frowned at the man.
“You’re a criminal.”
“A criminal?”
Yellow Splatters instantly loomed over the [Enforcer]. His fists clenched. The man looked up to him and his hat twitched on his head.
“I’ve committed no crimes in Celum, sir, and none that come with any bothersome bounties or crimes you’d know of, such as it were. I’m just a visitor to the city, like you good gents. In fact, I came here looking for answers to a spot of bother some of my associates had the other month.”
“…I do not understand.”
Yellow Splatters frowned, stepping back from the [Enforcer]. The twisted language made little sense to Numbtongue as well, but he understood vaguely what the man was hinting at.
“You’re looking for more friends. Who are also thieves.”
“Not for my…acquaintances, sir. I believe I know what became of them. Rather, I would like to know how they ended up that way. And I think you might be just the fellow I’m looking for.”
The [Enforcer] tipped his hat to Numbtongue politely. The action was…familiar. In a way that bothered the Goblin a lot. He frowned at the [Enforcer]. The sap was hidden as well, but that too triggered a memory now that Numbtongue was out of the battle.
“Why me? Who are you friends?”
“I don’t know that they gave names. But did you by any chance run into a…unpleasant meeting with some people oh, a while back? During that business with the siege of Liscor. Before the Goblin Lord. Some men. Three. Humans. Like me. All with caps, unless the business truly got nasty in the end.”
