Interlude – Dancing and Brawling
Page 13
Usually that meant sparring with one of Pomle’s warriors, if what you offered was your abilities. The masters would decide and they’d tell you if Pomle would feed you or not. You could stay either way, but some aspiring warriors came in hopes of getting that treatment.
As was the case this time. A group of Humans had arrived, looking travel-worn and nervous. Some had decent muscles, though. Nothing like the Windcaller’s…something. Orjin had already forgotten the name.
“Sparring. Who will challenge the first of Windcaller’s…the visitors?”
Orjin called out. One of the better members of Windcaller’s Wrath was already standing in the sparring circle. A Silk-bodied Stitch-Man, one of the Hurricane Fists.
The warriors of Pomle looked at each other. A few lifted their arms or called out briefly.
“Send your best! My Hurricane’s Fists will challenge your masters and I, your Strongest!”
The Fist of the Winds or whatever he was called shouted. Orjin ignored him. Perhaps the Hurricane’s Fist was better than he looked. Either way—Orjin looked at the Dullahan who’d come with Salthorn.
“You. Go.”
She nodded and walked forwards. The Hurricane’s Fist began shouting as she walked towards the circle in the dirt that had been drawn.
“Beware, my opponent! My fist splits the air! I cannot guarantee your life if you enter this ring!”
He demonstrated with a punch, then a kick that did indeed cause ripples in the air and dust. Mendi paused as the cult oohed and the Humans stared. She looked at Orjin as the Hurricane’s Fist smirked.
“Do I have to show one of my Skills?”
“I don’t think so. He showed you of his own free will. Looks like a passive Skill, anyways. Go ahead.”
Orjin shrugged. Mendi nodded and walked into the ring. She had on a light, cloth armor, which made sparring more fair and gave her quickness of her feet. The Hurricane’s Fist sauntered into the ring, on the other side.
The masters waited next to Orjin. Some of them were murmuring, inspecting the Hurricane’s Fist.
“He split the air with a punch.”
“So?”
“That was my question. He split the air with a punch? What does it do?”
“It looks good. But what’s the damage? It didn’t go very far.”
“Too arrogant. Let’s see how they do, though. How good is Mendi, Salthorn?”
“Slightly above average. No better than many.”
Salthorn was a tough master, but she might be right. Mendi was new to Pomle. Orjin nodded.
“I will count. From three. On one, you begin. You fight for a minute, stop for a minute, fight for a minute until one is finished or gives up. You will try not to kill each other, or leave the ring.”
“I can make no promises!”
Orjin ignored that too. He counted.
“Three, two, one—go!”
At once, the Hurricane’s Fist stepped forwards and punched the air. The air rippled, and the blast of wind shot at Mendi, like a physical thing. She instantly guarded, bracing hard. Orjin saw Salthorn nodding.
The blast of wind hit the Dullahan and the spectators. They coughed, and the Hurricane’s Fist punched again. Again, air blasted the Dullahan. She kept blocking, covering her eyes, shielding her nose and other extremities.
The Hurricane’s fist punched again, and then leapt into the air. He paused, standing in the air for a moment, and then dashed forwards. He dropped, foot dropping at Mendi’s head—
And she dodged left. The kick missed her, struck the earth hard. Without missing a beat, the Dullahan dove in and hit the Hurricane’s Fist in the side. He staggered back.
“Good hit!”
“Why didn’t he begin dodging?”
