Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 26
“But you won’t let me sail in defense of the House of Minos?”
To that, Prince Khedal only nodded as he adjusted his helmet. His enchanted armor glowed as he took hold of his axes, then let go of one to touch Lareqol’s shoulder.
“This is no common war. This is…bloody. I am reasonably sure I will survive. Not all of our army will join in the fighting either. Our King is not judging you as a son, but as a warrior. Even Venaz would not be allowed to join our fighters, only observe from the rear.”
“I see.”
That did clear the younger Minotaur’s face. Khedal rose, and a Minotaur on a throne raised a hand.
“Khedal. I will be here, as ever.”
The Minotaur King had a view of the island from her throne room, which was open to the outside. A single axe rested against her throne. The axe she had given Ozem. Khedal nodded.
“We will stop that fleet from leaving the island. My oath on it.”
“Do not push in too far this time, Khedal. Something is different. My instincts tell me to be wary.”
The Minotaur King looked his way, and Khedal met Inreza’s gaze. He nodded tightly, and his sense of tension ratcheted up another notch.
When the House of Minos went to war, it was an impressive thing. Khedal set foot on the largest warship, The Horns of Valar, with a crew of Minotaurs armed to the teeth.
Each one was over Level 30. They were the vanguard. Around them, the ship’s crew managed the siege weapons. This warship had sixteen on either side; they were capable of the same tactics used against the King of Destruction. Dedicated [Artillery Experts] could hurl dozens of shots per minute with trained crews.
However, the warships that followed Khedal into the sea only contributed to a third of the firepower aimed at the Goblins. The rest was aligned on the harbor walls.
Massive weapons turning and training their payloads on the Goblins’ isle.
Enough enchanted munitions to turn their entire island to glass and dust. If only it reached them. Khedal felt Inreza’s warning prickle his spine as the ships cut through the choppy waters.
“Storm coming. Summoned or natural?”
“Too early to tell, Prince Khedal. We did not see magic in the air, but our eyes are worthless here.”
A [Battle Caster] spoke up from next to Khedal. He wore a full suit of armor and had a staff more like a giant lightning rod, which he was anchoring to the deck. With it, he could throw a bolt of [Grand Lightning] into the air.
But all species had their standard [Mages]. The interesting Minotaur was pacing down the decks. She had a bowl of red liquid in one hand. With the other, she was pressing a hand to the chest or armor of each warrior who passed.
The bloody handprint sizzled, and the warriors grunted, but the [Blood Mage] whispered.
“[Coldfury of the Lizard]. [Boar’s Strength]. Prince?”
She turned to him, but the Minotaur declined the enchantment.
“My Skills supercede that magic.”
The Minotaur nodded and walked on. A third caster was preparing his weapons.
Talismans, some drawn with summoned monsters, others wards to be deployed one after another. He would unleash summoned Manticores by the looks of it. That was Drathian magic, but they traded with the House of Minos enough to have shared classes.
“Ballista checks.”
“Ballista One, operational.”
“Ballista Two, operational!”
A Minotaur roared across the deck, and a chorus of voices reported in. The [Captain] was watching the island growing larger in the distance. Khedal couldn’t see them well, but he knew what to expect.
The Goblins would be on the beaches, waiting for the warships. However, most would be in that dense jungle behind. Hidden.
