Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 7
“When I said we were nothing like the Titan of Baleros—we’re not a village that sends people into market, Human. We don’t trade regularly. If we need something, really need something, we can send for it, but that’s a mission unto itself. No one ever traces one of us back here. No one should know we exist. There is exactly one Tallfolk in the world who has even a vague idea of where we are, and that’s because of a pact we struck. Everyone else? We’ve killed Tallfolk who found us before. Are you beginning to see the problem?”
Luan did. He slowly sat back, thinking. At last, he nodded.
“You haven’t killed me yet. Am I valuable to you? Can I make a plea for my life?”
Ekrn gave him a weary smile.
“You got lucky, Human. That’s all. I don’t know what’s going to happen, and frankly, I don’t like talking to you if I have to do what I must.”
“It’s Luan, Sentry Leader. Luan. I’m a father, and I just want to get home to my family and friends.”
The Fraerling gave him a pained look.
“Thanks for telling me. I’ll still shoot you if I have to. Alright. If you’re drinking that much—do you need to use the restroom? Because I’d rather you did that far downwind, and far away from here as possible. Food? Then—well, I think some people are going to want to talk to you.”
Thus, Luan found himself being escorted by a tiny band of Fraerlings a good fifty feet away from the giant tree to do his business. He couldn’t run, and was distinctly aware of some loudly humming people trying to give him privacy around a tree. Then they led him back and Luan realized that all the stories he was told in this world of Fraerlings had gotten it wrong.
Fraerlings weren’t secretive people who lived in little villages secluded from the world. At least—these people didn’t. What people forgot was this: they were small, and in danger from everything in the world. Tiny folk.
The same people that the Titan of Baleros had come from. In short—the highest-leveled species in the world, and the shortest in stature.
 
—-
 
“Alright. Tell me how this isn’t the single stupidest idea I’ve ever heard in my life?”
Sentry Leader Ekrn looked exasperated as he argued with an [Alchemist] hard at work. Luan stared down at the tiny glass vials, the recipe being followed diligently, and the argument. The [Alchemist] kept staring up at Luan.
“Not my job, Sentry Leader. They want to talk to him, and they’re not coming out. So he goes in. We’re not taking him in, in. So there’s no risk he reverts and explodes.”
“Uh. Explode?”
“Inside the city. I imagine it would be your body versus our architecture, and everything’s enchanted. So your bones would probably lose the battle, and if that’s the case…well, I’m sure it would be a disaster. Many lives lost. Including yours.”
The [Alchemist] seemed cheery about the idea. Which was missing the point to Ekrn.
“And if he goes back to the outside world and tells them what’s inside a Fraerling c—village?”
He looked pointedly at Luan. The [Alchemist] shrugged.
“Not my decision. Besides, he’s already found us. I suppose the Architects don’t think it can get worse.”
“They’re not thinking at all! Sheltered idiots!”
Ekrn stomped towards Luan. He glared up at the man.
“Well, that’s that.”
“That’s what? You just told me I’m going inside that tree and I might not explode if I turn back.”
Luan apprehensively edged back, until there was a shout.
“Aah!”
Noa ran around him and he froze. Ekrn kicked at her.
“You idiot, Noa! Rookie mistake—never get around anything large enough to crush you!”
“Sorry.”
Both Luan and Noa apologized. Ekrn sighed. He pointed at Luan.
