Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 7
Lulv waited through two battles until Liscor dropped its guard, then had his forces assault the Antinium from a cliff with enchanted arrows. He watched as the enchanted arrows tore their lines apart and threw eighty javelins until they were out of range.
The next time, he attacked in the next battle and cut straight through one squad of Liscor’s own into the Antinium. Lulv used two [Spear Arts], went for Prognugator Tersk, and saw the [Strategist], Olesm, point at him.
The [Spearmaster] deflected the wave of arrows, took eighteen on his armor without damage, and his Wardstone Amulet took the last six. He retreated, cursing, watching his forces wipe out an Antinium battalion and fall back fast. Lulv debated throwing a javelin through Olesm; the Drake was unguarded. However, Hectval didn’t need to win this war, so Lulv fell back.
Four assaults later, Lulv frowned at the casualty reports.
Two deaths and four major wounds. That was two more than he expected, honestly. Manus’ [Soldiers] went in and got hurt, but…he eyed both reports, neatly noted down.
Arrow shot to the head. Both times. Neither one from the front. And Manus’ [Soldiers] wore helmets.
“Hmm.”
So eight dead. By now, Lulv counted another thousand Antinium in their graves. When the third wave of reinforcements came, he began to wonder if these Antinium were special at all. Until he saw the first Painted Antinium.
 
 
 
 
Theophilus, [Acolyte]
 
When a thousand Antinium died, the Hive did not just replace them. It was not that easy. A thousand deaths was a terrible thing.
However, the [Crusaders] had already been budgeted for, their replacements grown in the Grower Vats, and that was because Belgrade had reduced the Free Hive’s casualty numbers enough that there had already been a surplus.
A thousand more? That was not…easy. But the Free Queen had anticipated the need.
The cost, spiritually, emotionally, was greater. When Pawn had heard of the deaths, he had knelt in front of the Promise of Memory, as the wall of Painted Antinium’s markings was known, and looked up.
“Each one. I do not know their colors. They had no names. They were just…I sent them to their deaths.”
Theophilus and the other [Acolytes] had heard his pained whisper. The greatest Individual of their Hive, Pawn, the one who had discovered Heaven, who had known her, who had revealed the sky and the Painted Antinium…he had looked up.
“I wish I could weep. I wish I could. But when Bird does it, it sounds so silly. And I…I may be bound for Hell, if it exists, after all.”
That had made Theophilus shiver. For it was his first time hearing the word from Pawn’s mandibles, as an idea of something more than Rhir.
“Pawn?”
The [Priest] turned. Theophilus was one of his first acolytes. The Worker looked weary.
“It is only a feeling, Theophilus. I do not mean Rhir.”
“Why would this be, though? Are not all Antinium bound for Heaven?”
Pawn’s mandibles clicked softly as he touched Theophilus’ hands with his own. Two more [Acolytes], Zimrah and Jerimy, joined him.
They were named not as Painted Antinium, but based on one of the other stories Pawn told. Each held one of Pawn’s hands. They were [Acolytes]. Only Zimrah was a Painted Worker. She had gold butterflies on her cheeks.
She had Pawn’s kindness. Jerimy had learned almost all of Pawn’s stories. Theophilus? He had less of either, but he had been with Pawn when the [Priest of Wrath and Sky] had cursed Hectval. Had first summoned the guardians from beyond. Theophilus saw these things and believed.
It was easy.
