Interlude – Embria
Page 29
He knocked it down. Undeterred, Embria swept her spear up. But the sound of wood meeting wood was the only sound in the world. She spun her spear, and Relc blocked the butt of the spear swinging to his thigh. The female Drake slashed again and it was blocked. But she continued. Faster, and faster.
Clack. Clack. Clack. Clackclackclackclackclack—
The sound became an endless stream of sound in Yvlon’s ears. Each slash was blocked or diverted, each blow parried. And then, suddenly, it was Embria on the defensive. First Relc attacked, his spear whirling from form to form—short stabs, long slashes, whirling the spear like a stave—and then Embria was advancing.
Back and forth. Advancing and retreating. They pressed each other hard, but not once did the spear’s tip touch the other, wood or enchanted metal. It put Yvlon’s bout with Embria to shame. If this was what the Drake was capable of, Yvlon wouldn’t have ever touched her.
The duel, the practice, lasted sometime between a heartbeat and an hour. Then Embria lowered her spear and wiped at her brow. And Relc propped his spear up on his shoulder and stretched. Yvlon exhaled, and Tekshia applauded.
Once. It was so quiet that Yvlon barely heard it. She saw Keldrass uncertainly raise his claws with some of the other watchers, but Tekshia had stopped before anyone else could join in. The Guildmistress shook her head once more. But her tone was far from dismissive.
“And they say we don’t have true skill at arms. Someone show those [Martial Artist] freaks at Pomle this sight.”
She hobbled forwards, using a cane that rather resembled a spear itself for a crutch. No—it was a short spear. Tekshia leaned on it. Yvlon followed her.
“That’s what a Wing Commander in your army can do?”
The old Drake snorted.
“That’s what Commander Grasstongue can do. Why do you think she made Wing Commander in just two decades?”
She shook her head. With her spear-cane, Tekshia indicated Relc. He was smiling. So was Embria.
“That was a [Spearmaster]’s routine. No [Spear Hunter] could do that just by practicing or leveling up.”
The look she gave the other adventurers in the sparring fields said they couldn’t do it either. Yvlon tried to remember if she’d ever seen Ylawes or anyone else perform a sword-dance nearly that advanced. Pisces…no, he had polished moves, but not nearly to this level.
Now Relc and Embria were talking. He wiped off sweat from his brow as he indicated at the spot where they’d literally flown across the ground for thirty feet.
“Where’d you learn my patented [Soaring Spearsman] trick?”
Embria grinned. Her tone sounded waspish, but her expression looked pleased to Yvlon.
“Don’t make up Skills. I watched you do that trick for years. It took me a decade to learn to copy it. And unlike you, I’ve actually used it in battles.”
“Hey! Wait, really?”
“Yes. I didn’t think you still practiced, though.”
“Well, you know. I keep up. The Captain would kill me if I didn’t practice. So I do. Say…I’m beat. Want to wash off and…get a drink?”
Embria paused. She looked at Relc and hesitated. At last, she shrugged.
“I could try that. We could.”
“Sure. Want to go to the bath house?”
“Nah. I’ll just grab a bucket of water and…get a change of clothes. You’re covered in sweat. What if we meet at your apartment in ten minutes?”
“Sure. I mean, great.”
Relc stood to one side. He watched, almost bemused, as his daughter left the courtyard, spear on one shoulder. He turned his head and stared at his spear—even the way he carried it was the same. He looked around and then noticed the audience at last.
“What’re you looking at?”
