Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 48
He believed. He believed or longed for Heaven, but what Theophilus had told him struck a chord even deeper. There was Heaven for him. And Hell for his enemies. That was justice. That…felt right. He wanted to believe in that.
 
——
 
Theophilus himself was grappling with what he had said. His new miracle, and the realization he’d had at the pulpit. He would fight. He was angry, just as Olesm had said. He would fight tomorrow, and levels had given him the Skills to do so.
Jerimy had felt his rage. He understood something that perhaps Pawn himself had not yet fully realized. Theophilus longed to speak with Pawn and hear his words, but there was something else.
For every dark mirror, there was a light side.
She stood among Workers and Soldiers—and Liscor’s regulars. Drakes were taking her hand and shaking it. Thanking her. Asking her questions.
Zimrah. The [Cleric] stopped when he saw the [Priest].
She had run into battle with the other [Crusaders], wearing only her robes. The unbearable wait had been too much for Zimrah, so she had found the wounded as they fell. And she had leveled in the battle itself.
Squad 5 was among those who had seen her appear. Crusader 57’s shaking had stopped. He looked up at Zimrah, holding one of her hands as she spoke.
 
——
 
What did you expect from her?
The [Crusaders] were hurt. Some were dying.
They had thrown themselves into the fighting, so intensely that some fought surrounded. Hectval was not Manus—but their blades were sharp. 
A mortal cut ran down Crusader 57’s abdomen, nearly splitting him in half. Crusader 51 and 53 were leading the squad defending him, but they had no more potions! 
The cursed zweihander lay across Crusader 57’s front. Though it had been a Skill—[Sundering Slash]—which had cut through armor.
That was when she appeared. A [Priest], her class’ name still ringing in her ears, running across the battlefield.
An Antinium in robes. Hectval’s [Soldiers] spotted her, and some marked her—but the [Crusaders] charged into them rather than let Zimrah die.
“Wounded? Where are—”
She saw Squad 5 and ran towards Crusader 57. The Worker was spitting.
“dyING. I’M DyinG. caN’t sAvE ME.”
He shoved her hands away. He knew her Skill. [Heal Minor Wounds]. 
“I am a [Priest], now. Hold still.”
He laughed at her. Crusader 57 knew Skills. So she had consolidated her class, right? Good for her. What did she have now?
[Heal Moderate Wounds]? He felt death eating him up from the center. The Worker began to curl up as Zimrah reached down for him. He looked up—and saw her dark brown-black eyes begin to shine.
They shone bright, a flash of color like the first beam of sunlight that Crusader 57 had ever seen. She grabbed his hand, and in that moment, as she spoke her new miracle, the Worker realized he had made a mistake.
He thought faith obeyed rules. The [Priest] grabbed him, and Hectval’s [Soldiers] saw a flash. A Drake boy, Vess, stumbled back as his squad retreated.
“Someone report this to command! Back! Back—”
Yet the Drake watched as the Antinium with the robes spoke in a…feminine voice? He thought he heard the Skill, but that couldn’t be. Because if he’d heard right, she said—
“[Cure Mundane Wounds]!”
 
 
 
 
Dekass, [Prognugator]
 
“What?”
Dekass slapped himself. Then he turned his head to hear again. Tersk repeated it.
“[Cure Mundane Wounds]. That is her new Skill. I am apprised of two Skills for combat that Theophilus and Jerimy have learned. They will employ them in the coming battle.”
