Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.1)
Page 10
The [Enforcer] raised his brows. The Sister of Chell spat.
“I don’t plan on walking through the same door that got an entire hand of my sisters dead.”
“Not exactly high on my list of activities to do either, I’m afraid. Well, why don’t we take a small break and figure out if anyone else knows something about this door? Who comes through to Celum?”
“Fine. You’re taking lead? That’s not our specialty.”
The [Nightstalker] jerked a head at the [Blackguard]. The [Enforcer] smiled.
“Just so and so. Then, while we happily gather information on this place for our mutual associates, might I offer to buy you a breakfast, Miss? It’d be my pleasure after seeing you resolve our spot of bother while I was so rudely still. Same goes for your friend.”
The [Nightstalker] rolled her eyes.
“Why not? I want to see just what happens later today. Could be this Quelm knows more than he’s letting on.”
“My thoughts exactly. Then, let’s head back down to Stitchworks. I saw an outdoor restaurant down the street. If we’ve good eyes, we can spot anything that needs spotting.”
The Sister agreed with a tight, annoyed nod. Back they went. It was admittedly tedious to have to go back and forth like this, but the [Enforcer] knew it was necessary. You didn’t rush about; the Sisters of Chell knew that too, because the only overt action their agent had taken was with the [Thugs] in the alleyway. They would never go to the City Watch and standards were standards. You took this slowly, carefully.
Patience. Prudence. And something else that started with ‘P’. The [Enforcer] found the restaurant he’d spotted, really just a fancy bakery with some outdoor tables. He sat down and the server or maybe apprentice baker found them in a moment.
“Hello! Are you looking for some breakfast?”
“Yes, we are Miss. Good morning to you, and might I ask what your fine establishment serves?”
“I dunno about fine, sir.”
The young woman blushed as the [Enforcer] gave her a charming smile and a tip of the hat. She had a lucky feeling he’d be one to tip her just for bringing food out to him. And she’d be right.
“Well, if you want we’ve got a menu. Printed. Or I can tell you our best.”
“I can read it from here. And I think some of your spinach tarts would be a treat, Miss. May I have that and some refreshments?”
The [Enforcer] read the menu inside the front of the bakery from his seat, making the young [Baker] blink. But she nodded readily and went to get the meal. All three of Celum’s visitors did appreciate the hot food when it came out, despite their varying temperaments and goals. As the two from the Sisters of Chell dug into their food, the Brother of Serendipitous Greetings struck up the young [Baker] in conversation.
“I hear that there’s a miraculous door to Liscor, Miss. Magic, or so I hear. There wouldn’t be any truth to that rumor, would there?”
The young woman brightened with the chance to gossip and nodded.
“Oh? You’re new to the city and you heard about the door, have you? It’s true! The door goes all the way to Liscor! And you can go through for not even a bronze coin! I went there myself—it goes to an inn of all places! It’s nice and the Players of Celum used to put on shows there every night—but most of the good ones like Wesle left.”
She sighed deeply and went on.
“But the door’s always there. Usually you just have to wait while that [Alchemist] bothers you inside the shop. Lately though, it’s hard to go through; my brother waited all day to go, but apparently people was going from Pallass to Liscor. Isn’t that amazing? Pallass is all the way south…”
