Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 10
“Ah, so you’ll beat me up in private. Want to go hand-to-hand? I like non-lethal fistfights. You can even book a timeslot in the Ryoka-asskicking schedule. How’s tonight sound? I’ll take advance payment on any beatdowns.”
Chorisa’s mouth worked. Ryoka smiled to herself.
Well. She didn’t have to change all the best scenes.
 
——
 
They were being followed. Doggedly; with literal dogs, or so the Goblins speculated. Kevin didn’t actually see them.
Both sides were using camouflage and speed Skills, and Poisonbite was leading them now, so she was making the best use of her Skills, which were suited to the job. Even so…she scowled as she tossed more of the [Thief]-brand scent-destroyer on their trail.
“Too many Humans. Too fast. Place to hide? No good. Place to die?”
She gave the others a thumbs-up she’d learned from Kevin. In short, as Kevin translated it, the Goblins had no way to find a hiding spot. Not with the Humans being able to track them and literally overturn every nook and cranny.
They could find a place to hole up and hope to outlast or just make a glorious last stand. The Goblins accepted this with equanimity, to some extent. They didn’t want to die, but they weren’t going to be paralyzed by the thought of it.
Now, the Human and Ogres were a bit more unhappy by the idea. Especially the Ogres.
Somo, the lead Ogre warrior from the clan she’d been poached from, rumbled and checked her shiny shield.
“No dying. Bring back big birds.”
“Wyverns? Can’t. Ogres can’t fly.”
Poisonbite sneered. Somo rumbled.
“Chieftain promised potions and fighting. Not death.”
There were ten Ogres present. All of whom looked pretty upset at the idea of dying. Even…dangerously upset. The Goblins were remarkably calm; the tallest Goblin was shy of seven feet here, and they were hobs. The Ogres were nine feet tall or larger. They had literally knocked down Tenbault’s gates and Kevin saw blood on their weapons. Even Gold-ranks didn’t like fighting Ogres en-masse, and these ones had discipline.
And armor.
“Not die. You use Skill. You use magic.”
Somo insisted, urgently, pointing a huge maul she wielded one-handed at Taganchiel, then Poisonbite. Both Goblins shrugged.
“No good magic or Skills left. High Passes…we climb and look for good spot? Maybe climb so fast Humans don’t catch?”
“Good way to find Gargoyles or Eater Goats. Or nastier. Let’s do.”
Poisonbite grinned. It certainly sounded like a better option than a slaughter in a cave mouth. They peered up at the mountains.
It was Kevin who decided he had to make a stand. He cleared his throat.
“Leave me behind. I’ll only be a nuisance. I can slow them down. Tie me up and I’ll tell them you went the wrong way.”
The Goblins glanced at Kevin. Poisonbite slapped him on the shoulder.
“Smart! You don’t die, we maybe die less.”
She fished around for some rope. Conversationally, she looked at Kevin.
“Maybe Humans don’t believe. Truth stones. If kill you, can I have skateboard?”
He began sweating instantly. Kevin hadn’t thought of that, but even so, he held out his wrists to bind up convincingly. It wasn’t much, but it was a Kevin-level sacrifice.
It was Somo who interrupted. The other Ogres weren’t deaf, although given their own language, it was doubtful how much they’d completely gotten of the Goblin’s own stylistic dialogue. But it was clear they weren’t happy. One was clearly of the opinion, ‘let’s smash these Goblins for getting us killed before we die’ in a clear display of Ogre-logic.
