Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 16
That was how Crusader 53 entered into Big Yam’s custody. And the end of the war—at least, for Vess—arrived.
 
 
 
 
Lulv, [Spearmaster]
 
A question ran through the Gnoll’s mind again and again.
Are we making a terrible mistake?
Not just in the Security Council’s supposition about the nature of the Antinium. Lulv had already doubted that.
He was a loyal son of Manus. Born and raised in the walls. He’d lived through the Antinium Wars, and he remembered when Nagas and the North were the enemies to fear. Lulv knew almost all of Manus’ dirty operations and dark secrets.
And their hope. Rafaema wasn’t just a Dragon for Luciva and Drakes. Lulv wanted her to become the Dragonspeaker of Manus. The leader who would treat Gnolls and Drakes fairly. For—while Manus made no distinction between the two as [Soldiers]—it was a Drake city.
Rafaema…he and Makhir believed she would change Izril for the better. However, the future grew more uncertain with each passing year.
What was that Antinium’s class?
No one knew. Some had speculated they had no class, but Lulv had seen that shining sword rise overhead, not magic, nor any ability the Antinium could feasibly create.
A hidden class. Perhaps it was some anti-appraisal gear. That was what Sokkel thought.
On an entire army? No. So the question that echoed in Lulv’s mind was—among other things—
Who was Squad 5?
Who was—who had been—Crusader 51?
 
——
 
It was that unease that followed him. Oddities in battle.
“The sniper’s back. We killed a Worker. We chopped it up, burned the body. Either it’s an entire unit or…there’s something about the arrows.”
Lulv met with his officers and inspected another one. Practically shrapnel.
“It went through the armor, [Spearmaster]. Back plate. [Hardening] enchantment—Grade II. Didn’t go through the front; didn’t have to. The shrapnel kept going and shredded the insides. The force behind it…it’s the same [Archer].”
“Then it’s something we’re not seeing. Body doubles. A Skill, a class…get a research team on it and put the [Mages] on [Detect Life] spells.”
“All the time, sir? They’ll reveal their position. And Strategist Olesm has advanced his class. [Delegate Skill]. That damn Drake scout can use his [Instantaneous Barrage] Skill. Our Wyverns are under threat.”
Sokkel protested. Lulv growled.
“Do it. You have authorization to take her out.”
“Yes, sir.”
A balancing act. Lulv was an aggressive [Spearmaster]. He had earned his class not by killing other [Spearmasters]—though he had done that—but originally by receiving the level just by virtue of his sheer ability in battle.
He practiced a Manus-style spear school that favored high mobility, rapid attacks, and thrusting stabs. However, a [Spearmaster] could adapt. Had to adapt.
If we crush Liscor, we weaken our frontline, and at this point, the city must stand. Manus had originally written it off as a casualty of the Third Antinium War given the Free Antinium’s Hive.
Now? Liscor was a liability and an asset. It provided unparalleled viewpoints into the Antinium—yet they were clearly benefiting from the relationship. At the same time, Tyrion Veltras’ near-conquest of the city proved it needed to be in Drake control.
And…well, Lulv’s vote went to making Liscor an asset rather than weakening it, because it had Gnolls on the Council. It could be a model.
Hectval was part of a trio of cities that didn’t add anything to the region. They forced Gnoll tribes out of their radius of influence, made war on Drake cities they could defeat. If Lulv had a side, it was Liscor.
