Interlude – Bird
Page 6
Bird stared at Bevussa’s feathers. The Garuda preened a bit. She couldn’t help it. She hesitated, and then did something she’d never done, even for the rare Drakes she’d dated.
“I don’t think I need all your feathers, Bird. But I would be willing to trade one feather for all the ones you’re holding.”
“You would?”
The Antinium looked at Bevussa. She nodded, seeing the shining light in his gaze. Slowly, Bevussa reached for a stray feather she knew she’d lose soon. She winced a bit as she plucked it, but then handed it to Bird.
It was slightly bent and not in good shape. But Bird instantly let go of the feathers in his hands and pushed them towards Bevussa. He reached out and, with trembling hands, accepted the feather. He held it up and stared at it. Bevussa smiled.
“Do you like it?”
“It is wonderful.”
That was all Bird said. He held the feather up, staring at it. Bevussa grinned.
“It’s yours. Think of it as a memento. From one lover of the skies to another. Keep your other feathers. I uh, don’t want them.”
Bird looked up. He looked at Bevussa and then bowed his head.
“I will treasure it forever.”
And that was the magic of Bird. Bevussa had no doubt he would. She turned as Erin approached with two tankards in hand.
“What’s that? Oh—Bird, did you ask Bevussa for a feather? Bevussa, you didn’t have to give it to him!”
“I decided to, don’t worry, Erin.”
Bird protectively covered his feather as Erin sighed and put down the tankards on the table.
“Thank you for telling Bird all those stories. I’m sorry Jelaqua hasn’t appeared yet. I think she’s ogling dead Raskghar or something.”
The Garuda coughed and waved a talon.
“It’s no problem. I actually really enjoyed myself. And speaking of which—”
She’d heard someone coming towards Erin’s regular door outside. Bevussa turned expectantly and both Bird and Erin looked over. The door opened and Relc stepped through.
“Hey everyone! I’ve got my day off at last! Anyone got any food?”
“Oh.”
Bevussa sighed. Erin smiled and Bird turned back to his feather. Relc looked slightly hurt as he wandered over.
“Hey, it’s me!”
“Hi Relc!”
Erin smiled at the Drake. He grinned.
“How’s it going? Hey, is that uh…Bird? And you’re—hey Miss, don’t I know you?”
The Drake grinned at Bevussa. The Gold-rank adventurer gave him a polite smile. Relc looked at Bevussa and then at Bird. His eyes widened.
“Hold on. This is the crazy one. And she’s—”
He pulled at Erin’s shoulder as she went to get him a drink. Bevussa frowned as Bird studied her feather. She could hear Relc whispering loudly to Erin as he pointed at her and Bird.
“Is that safe? Isn’t he like, y’know—”
Relc tapped the tide of his head. Erin smacked his arm down.
“Don’t be a jerk! He’s just Bird!”
“Yeah, but what does that mean?”
“What’s wrong with you meeting me, Bird?”
Bevussa looked at Bird. The Worker looked up.
“Miss Erin told me I am not allowed to bring my bow when I am around you. She says that if I hit you, I will be in big trouble forever. I cannot shoot at any of the Drakes either.”
“Hit us? Why would you—oh. They think you’ll shoot me because I’ve got wings! Because…I’m a bird? Oh, come on!”
Another piece of the puzzle fell into place. Bevussa smacked her head, then wondered if Erin and the others were really that racist. Then again—she glanced at Bird and realized their fears were well founded. The Antinium nodded.
“You have wings. And you fly. Thus you are a bird. But Erin has explained to me why I am not supposed to shoot you, so I will not. Unless you want me to?”
