Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 4
“One. You are a probational captain and a [Prisoner] of Liscor. Your authority may be overridden as indicated by Commander Olesm, so I therefore override it as a commissioned officer of Liscor’s army. Two, Prognugator Tersk and Dekass have both given our battalion orders to disregard any non-Antinium command if necessary, under authority of the Queens of the Antinium. We will ignore you. Three, no honorable warrior will ever stand silent when a true crime of conscience is committed in front of him, regardless of the punishment.”
He folded his hands behind his back. So there. Calruz’s mouth was open almost as wide as Bezale’s. Venaz?
He smiled. Then he turned to Calruz.
“Calruz of Hammerad, you are the member of the House of Minos under judgment. Decisions regarding this trial are not yours to make.”
“Of—of course, Strategist.”
Calruz sat down, and Venaz went on.
“The Antinium are correct. Their inclusion is mandatory. Not least because it is my personal judgment that they are warriors of honor, and thus their testimony is highly relevant…”
The Antinium stirred, and Venaz nodded to them.
“…but because the King of Minos has herself expressed interest in the Beriad. Those who wish to join this conversation may. I will interview the company as time allows. You have my word as Mneiol of Minos that I will let no willing, reasonably accessible testimony go unheard before passing judgment.”
Calruz groaned. And he didn’t know why—only that he remembered stories of Minotaur arbiters charging into battle to get witness statements from former comrades for judgements in the past.
Part of Calruz was confused. Was this not what he wanted? Here was one true judge for him—and yet, when it came to this moment he had waited for and, yes, feared, the eyes of authority did not stare at him with the same hatred the Minotaur in the mirror did.
They were…careful, watchful, observant, and even kind. Even amused and, perhaps worst of all, slightly respectful. Calruz realized that Venaz was younger than him.
The Beriad milled about, and then a quarter sat, and the rest went back to their posts, albeit reluctantly. Venaz nodded to the suddenly-full section of the bar.
“I hope you will introduce me to the Beriad, Captain Calruz.”
“The King of Minos wishes to know about them? Truly?”
“Yes.”
It sounded like a lie, but—you didn’t lie in the House of Minos. Then, Calruz realized he was far from home. He had dreamed of judgment much like the [Hangman] or [Executioner]. When he recalled home…
It had been a long time. A long time since he had come to Izril, worked up from Bronze-rank, and then founded the Horns of Hammerad. He had met Ceria six years ago—no, seven, now. Two more and it was nine years from home.
Venaz saw that on his face. That yearning for home all travellers felt. He spoke quietly as two large plates of fries were served and fourteen more requested.
“How long has it been since you were in the House of Minos, Calruz?”
“Nine years.”
“And you, Mage Bezale?”
“Four. I had the opportunity to visit once graduating as a full mage of Wistram.”
Venaz nodded.
“Two for me. I had intended on visiting this summer and taking my fellow students, but we never landed. Perhaps in the winter. Perhaps next year. Although, I am told the Isle is about to reach our waters.”
His tone was conversational, but the two other Minotaurs stiffened slightly. Ceria’s ears twitched.
“The Isle? Already? It’s…no, it would be time.”
Bezale was counting. Calruz just watched Venaz as the [Strategist] nodded and grimaced.
