Interlude – Relationships
Page 14
It was like having a group of the archetypal friendly thugs around—something Erin had assumed only existed in television shows. They even had a style that would have been called trendy back home at one point—ragged knees on their pants and torn shirt cuffs. Give them some more accessories like earrings and, uh, spiked collars and they’d be a sight.
Half the carriage was fascinated with them, but the rest were just crowded around the Sariant Lamb, who was still, somehow, as appealing as an entire town as colorful as this.
She was like Elirr’s cats, but a lamb. Erin saw why people loved them as pets—the lamb waited, peering up at Garia, who stopped to give it a pat. Even Numbtongue, who looked wary, was amazed as the lamb trotted up to his guitar.
“Don’t let her bite my strings—”
He was hurrying over when the lamb clumsily strummed some of his guitar strings. The [Bard] stopped, and the lamb baahed.
“Baah, bah baaaaah baah~”
Was she singing? Instantly, the [Bard] picked up his guitar and began to play along to the melody as the lamb sang. She had a good singing voice, could do a little backflip, and could even stand up on two hooves. She seemed so starved for affection, it was incredible anyone had left her alone.
Lyonette looked half sorry as she lowered the stone.
“What an amazing creature! The one Mother keeps around isn’t nearly so energetic, but he is nearly twenty years old.”
“They grow that old?”
Erin was startled, and Lyonette shrugged.
“The creatures want for nothing. This one would go for fifty gold pieces—not that many would sell a pet. Of course, they’re almost as expensive to keep—I just heard from Laken. He says that he will ‘reluctantly accept the lamb back’. Which means we can send this lamb back once we reach Invrisil.”
The news was taken by Erin, Ulvama, and Nanette with some relief, as well as Ser Sest. However, the lamb heard this and began to mewl in the most piteous cries.
“Oh—I think it wants to come with us!”
Garia covered her mouth. The lamb ran over and tried to cling to one leg. Then it tried to do the same to Erin, and she backed away. Lyonette frowned at Erin, but she was consulting with Ser Lormel.
“Keep it? I don’t imagine His Majesty wants for lambs. But we can’t have a pet.”
“Why not? You have Apista.”
Numbtongue said this mostly to be contrary. He was amused by the little lamb—right until she tried to tug a waterbottle out of a pack for the sweaty Goblin. He pointed at it.
“Ooh. Handy.”
He turned to Erin and was surprised by her wary expression. Once again, the lamb looked at her, and Erin forced a smile.
“…Like I said, everyone can get a pet. But you’re a cat person, right, Numbtongue?”
“I like cats.”
He agreed amiably. The discussion of pets had come up, and he wouldn’t mind a Carn Wolf or a cool animal. But a lamb? Lyonette exhaled and looked around the small town in which they’d stopped. Ser Sest was returning with a loaded bag of food as the man who’d set him up helped carry the food back.
“You lot from the City of Adventurers? Or Orefell?”
He stared at the Goblins as if not quite sure they were real. Indeed, a small crowd had gathered, and Lyonette hurried to assure him that Numbtongue, Gothica, and Ulvama were friendly. To her surprise—the [Hoodlum] or whoever he was nodded.
“Don’t worry, we’ve seen weirder. Plus, I’m sensing some good vibes off this lot. Lots of style. And, uh…”
He meant Numbtongue’s guitar, Gothica’s…gothness, and mostly Ulvama’s breasts, which he kept staring at. Someone elbowed him as Lyonette politely raised her brows.
