Interlude – Paradigm Shift (Pt. 1)
Page 28
She did not know what to do. If she understood the summoning correctly, it would not end until she went—or she died. Her two loyal subordinates, uncomprehending, thought she was just sick. Lady Rie felt the desire to get up and find a horse, to hurry without rest growing stronger with each minute. The magical markings she had accepted to rise to her position even pointed the way.
Lady Rie was one of a handful that felt the inexorable call. Others did, and the weakest-willed or those hoping to find some purpose obeyed first.
Others did not. When she felt the sting of magic, far weaker given she had never been ranked as highly, Lady Ieka Imarris stabbed her arm with a dagger, killing the malign hex. She begged her aunt for aid and soon was grimly preparing a countermeasure.
In this case, extenuating circumstances changed fate. Before Valeterisa could even reply to begin undoing the hex, Ieka felt the pain subside. Shocked, she gazed at her arm and saw the magic fading, erasing itself.
She did not understand why—until she recalled the words of Melidore.
“Your guilt shall not touch you unless you continue; that is my favor.”
Shaken, relieved, she found herself freed. A luck that did not extend to the others.
More than one individual resisted the call, however. Beckoned by the same power—and she was quite amused by this—a certain [Witch] pulled out a bit of cloth, stitched to look like an arm. Belavierr eyed the twisting runes burning into the skin and actually chuckled for a moment.
Someone else laughed, richly amused by the entire thing, Lady Rie’s suffering notwithstanding. No—amused because of it.
Laken Godart poked the tomato in front of him. Well, tomato sliced and added to a salad. He didn’t touch his plate. It wasn’t a good cut either. A wedge of tomato. Boiled pasta, which was about all you could say for it. Some pumpernickel bread which was quite good, with butter. A few pastries in the pantry—
However, the meal was decidedly lacking. The [Emperor] had tossed it together with about as much enthusiasm as someone shoveling manure. Nevertheless, a number of dishes had been emptied.
The [Emperor] had a guest. The guest laughed, and chuckled, pausing from devouring the food as a starving man, to look up.
“You see? Thus do traitors earn their due. Fools ensure loyalty by fear and pain.”
“Or by trickery and deceit. Not to put too fine a point on it.”
Laken folded his arms. His…guest…had arrived uninvited. He paused, looking irked at the rejoinder. Then smiled.
“The desperate do what they must. This is old magic, Laken.”
“That would be ‘your Majesty’, to you. Peon.”
Instead of rising ire, his comment only elicited a laugh. The other man rose and swept a bow. Laken never opened his eyes obviously, yet he sensed the motion.
He shifted uneasily. He hadn’t been able to do that last time. This time, his guest, Tamaroth, was visible even to his [Emperor]’s senses.
“I don’t suppose that you’ll drop dead of poison?”
“Did you put it in the food?”
No, just an unseemly amount of salt. If he’d had Wiskeria’s poisons to hand, Laken wondered if he would have been able to add it. He sat there, arms folded.
“Will you be leaving soon?”
“Don’t be so hostile, Laken Godart. We are allies. I have come here, at great effort, to help you.”
The man was in a better mood, not as rushed as he had been every other time. Laken raised one brow.
“By emptying my larder?”
“Indulge me my hunger. Now—ah, now—do you know how it is to starve so long you forget what it ever was to be full? Yet time is never unlimited.”
“How terrible. The door is over there.”
