Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 42
A warship rose out of the dark waters. Rotten, old. Covered in barnacles. But the crew cared not for the water that slowly drained. Captain Lasc turned his head. The second ship turned, slowly. And another figure, another long-dead [Captain] looked at the living man.
“Flanked. Damn—we’ll take the left, Captain Lasc and Wil, Feshi, the right. Starboard, port, whatever.”
Merrik whirled. Peki narrowed her eyes.
“Strong undead.”
“Fucking ghosts.”
Inky pointed, eyes wide. A figure, a half-remembered man, skin rotted was the [Captain] of the second, larger, warship. He was pale. Transparent. But his blade was still sharp as he drew it.
“I’ll take him on.”
The Dwarf growled. The crew rushed to the port side. And that was when Wil felt his skin prickle. He turned.
“No way.”
A crow’s nest breached the waters. A third ship rose, silent as the grave. Delivan slowly turned around. He made a small sound. And then a fourth ship rose. A fifth. He slowly looked at Wil.
“Ah. The thing about undead fleets? They keep growing.”
“To arms.”
Lasc drew his sword. Six ships circled The Emerald Signet. Without a word, without a signal, the undead began swarming towards the ship. Swimming. Climbing. Wil drew his sword. Venaz was already hacking a ghoul trying to board the ship. But they were outnumbered. And—the ghoul Venaz bisected fell into the waves—then reappeared.
“There are [Necromancers] about! They’re reanimating the dead!”
Venaz roared. He swung his axe.
“[Battalion of Glory]. They might not even be on any of the ships. We have to burn them. Take out the undead—waste the [Necromancer]’s mana! Hold the line!”
“Wil?”
Yerranola looked at him. The [Lord] had his sword out. He was calling orders, defending a section of the ship. The [Lord] turned to look at Yerra.
“I’m not going below.”
“I know. Just don’t get killed.”
The Selphid smiled. Then she walked into the undead, the one form fighting back the waves assaulting the [Sailors]. The students called out, fortifying their positions. But the undead were coming. A ghostly [Captain] strode through the air and met Captain Lasc. They locked blades and Lasc punched through the air. But the freezing ghost’s form took no damage.
 
—-
 
Captain Therrium saw the six undead vessels surrounding The Emerald Signet from below. And he had been told at least two more vessels floated in the fog.
“Damned [Necromancers].”
One of the two vessels had to be their command ship. They were attacking The Emerald Signet, thinking they were just another ship on the waves.
His [First Mate] looked at him.
“Captain, do we join the fighting?”
His crew was restless. Drowned Men and Women were ready for a fight. They didn’t fear the numbers. Nor did Therrium. He glanced at the other Drowned Ship. If they joined the [Storm Sailors], they’d put a hole in the undead fast enough.
However.
“Fight? And expose ours plans? No. Not yet, at least.”
“But they’ll all be slaughtered. There aren’t enough of them and even if the [Storm Sailors] put up a good fight…”
Six ships versus one. Therrium knew that. He spat.
“We wait. We only need the [Lord]. Make ready to rise. And when we do—you’ll grab that [Lord] and we’ll lose our sister ship in the fighting.”
He gestured at the other Drowned Ship. The [First Mate] grinned. Slowly, the Drowned Ship began to move. Air was conjured, negating the effects of the ballast. The ship was preparing to rise suddenly.
And that was when a lookout shouted, breaking the oath of silence.
“Depth Captain! Another ship sailing into the engagement!” 
Captain Therrium Sailwinds turned. He snarled.
