Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 32
The first wave dropped after flying their maximum height. But the second wave landed on them and shoved off. They leapt a second time gaining in height—and successive waves added to their height. Chaldion watched several hundred reach the altitude Feathi was flying at. The Pegasus was straining for more height with two riders. The Flying Antinium opened their maws to spit acid or tear—
“Contact. Saliss of Lights intercepting.”
Chaldion closed his eye of flesh as he saw the flash. The first group of Flying Antinium fell to earth as lightning flashed across them. A lone Drake stood up as he clung to the Pegasus’ stirrups. Mivifa and Shriekblade were waiting, ready to fight; Mivifa was shooting arrows from an enchanted bow.
But it was Saliss of Lights who threw potions, snaring the Flying Antinium in webs. Glowing bottles exploding in fire or lightning.
They couldn’t get close. The Named Adventurer hurled a bottle downwards and the Flying Antinium split up too late. Fire bloomed below.
“Casualties among the Flying Antinium mounting. Count: two hundred and rising…”
Satisfaction in the speaker’s voice. It came from Fissival. Chaldion heard murmurs as well. Antinium were dying.
He did not smile. He watched as the Flying Antinium’s attempts to reach the fliers slowed. They milled about below, and then drew back as Saliss tossed more potions down. He set himself, not overconfident, not careless—
Just like he’d been taught. He was not smiling either. Chaldion had taught Saliss himself, in the days before the Drake had gone off to Chandrar. And though too much had passed since then—they both felt it.
“Pallass. Grand Strategist Chaldion speaking. Something is wrong.”
 
—-
 
“This is too easy.”
“What? What’s wrong?”
Mivifa screamed around the howling wind of their passage through the night sky. Saliss shouted back.
“This. Is. Too. Easy! Something’s wrong! Be alert!”
She stared at him, but then nodded.
“Feathi, follow me! We’re meeting with Group Two early!”
The Named Rank broke off from their assigned course. Shriekblade adjusted her posture and Saliss looked around, scanning everywhere for…something.
They were adventurers. Moreover, Saliss had done this more times than he could count. This was going far, far too well. Plans never worked like you wanted them to. Something was wrong.
Or maybe it wasn’t. Sometimes plans worked so well you hoped something little would go wrong because you didn’t believe it was this perfect. Either way—Saliss was ready.
He saw the Flying Antinium following at a distance. Saliss debated tossing another potion to make them retreat.
Lightning in a bottle. He could throw something a lot farther and faster than anyone expected. And a lot at once. It was like he was made to kill Antinium.
How many was that, then? Two hundred? Four hundred? Let’s see. Four hundred Birds…what would they say? What would Erin say?
Did it matter? No, not really. Bird was right. Saliss just wanted to feel bad. But he…didn’t.
From up here they were too far away. Too different, too strange and monstrous as they flew up, trying to kill the people he knew. Too alien.
They were enemies. Bird—Bird would be hard because he had a name. These were soldiers. Drones. The species who’d overrun cities and slaughtered people.
The Black Tide. Saliss had killed Human [Soldiers]. He’d killed Antinium. Presumably, Humans had families, loved ones, hopes and dreams.
War meant you killed them and thought about it after. Saliss was here to destroy Antinium so they wouldn’t turn Izril into the Hivelands, slaughter millions.
