Interlude – Lifting Ants
Page 0

It was such a spontaneous thing. Saliss’ visit, for instance. That had been planned. But the outcomes changed things so much. In such a short amount of time.
Erin knew that was how life worked, but it still mystified her in a good way. What was amusing to everyone else was how surprised she was that it happened like that. Because that was literally the defining experience most people had with Erin. But she seldom had it happen to her.
Of course, spontaneous things weren’t always good. Spontaneous Crelers were almost always bad no matter when they happened. But you couldn’t predict things. And that was what Erin should have learned.
But then, she wouldn’t be Erin if she was even close to perfect.
 
—-
 
“I’ll begin setting up, then. Miss Solstice, you have my thanks for letting me use your inn.”
Grimalkin stretched briskly as he surveyed one of the private rooms in The Wandering Inn. And yes, the inn was more than a sole common room now. There were three private rooms that could be used for everything from storage to dining. One held Octavia’s stuff, but another was in use this morning.
“Ferkr, Giren, set up three, no, six sets next to each other. Put up that mobile stand over there—the benches along the far wall. Terreskil, start loading the weights. Put them at—let’s call it fifty pounds on either end of the bar for now.”
“So, a hundred total, Magus?”
Grimalkin paused and looked back at one of his students.
“You can count, can’t you, Terreskil?”
The young Drake apprentice blanched. Erin exhaled slowly, but she didn’t interrupt. Grimalkin was a taskmaster, though. Like the coach of all coaches. His apprentices scurried about, setting up, well…
A weights room. A gym, in her inn. Erin stared about.
“Um. Not that I mind, Grimalkin, but would it have been easier to do this in Pallass?”
“Rather than screen visitors and go through the City Watch, I’d prefer to do it here. You may also have some insights, Miss Solstice. The mana cost is only for about a dozen people. And I was surprised to realize how easy charging the door was.”
“Oh, well, Wailant planted a third of his grass yesterday. That might have helped.”
Grimalkin’s brows rose. He glanced sideways at Erin.
“Wailant who? Did what?”
Erin realized the Sinew Magus hadn’t heard about the Sage’s Grass event. She began to explain, and Grimalkin’s brows instantly crossed.
“You managed to come up with a workaround to the issue of mana consumption for your door after meeting a [Pirate Farmer] that your Hobgoblin ran into? Who is also coincidentally the supplier of Sage’s Grass for the entire region?”
Erin paused.
“You’re saying that in a strange way. Look, it’s just this one interconnected thing. Wailant’s daughter is actually Garia.”
“Garia Strongheart. As in, the same Garia who I have invited to my seminar today?”
“Yeah. Funny how that happens, right? So what happened was…”
Grimalkin held up a claw as he massaged what would have been close to the bridge of his nose on his face.
“…I will inquire later. I’m certain, no, I am sure that my decision was the correct one, Miss Solstice. You have my gratitude. Hmpf. What day is it today? I need to add another data point…”
He began fishing in his robes for what looked like a diary. Erin nodded.
“Cool, cool. I’m gonna see to everyone outside. Let me know when you’re starting!”
She walked out of the private room as Grimalkin stared at her back. The [Sinew Magus] shook his head.
Spontaneity.
 
—-
 
