Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 3
Wil saw the Garuda raise a fist—
 
—-
 
Wil Kallinad woke up in his bunk with a jaw that felt broken.
It wasn’t. But he groaned and would have shouted with the pain except that just made the jaw feel worse. He felt for a healing potion, drank it, and got up.
Someone—something was going insane abovedecks. Wil stumbled up the stairs. It was dark. But the entire crew of The Emerald Signet was on the decks.
Drinking. They cheered as they saw Wil, lifting mugs. Countless barrels had been breached, and food and liquor was being consumed liberally.
The ship was celebrating. Including Wil’s friends. He saw Peki duck her head and hide behind a wing as he stumbled towards them.
“Wil! Never ask Peki to punch you! But she’s sorry, right, Peki?”
“Sorry.”
The Garuda looked shamefaced. Wil stared around. Everyone was partying. The chest was closed and guarded by a group of [Storm Sailors], but even they were drinking. And Captain Lasc was toasting Wil.
“A treasure of Khelt! Now there’s a story worthy of the seas!”
He looked at Wil, raising his mug. Wil looked around. Feshi was passing around a refill to his friends. Then a huge arm grabbed him.
“Wil. You’ve done it. That is to say—the Professor was right. A treasure. And relics. I’m envious. However—it’s yours by right. And this all started of Daquin. Come, you have to toast with me! The world won’t forget your name in a hurry! No—this is the beginning of your legend.”
Venaz was slightly wet-eyed as he raised a mug. He towed Wil towards the center of the ship and everyone shouted as Venaz slammed a hand on Wil’s shoulder.
“Treasure!”
The Minotaur roared. Wil could smell how drunk he was. Dumbfounded, the [Lord] looked around. But he’d missed hours of this. Apparently—once the shock had worn off, a massive party had begun.
And everyone had convinced themselves this was real. Feshi had even plucked some fur off her arm—electing not to be hit by Peki. The Gnoll, Yerra, everyone was looking at Wil.
So, gradually, he realized it was real. Wil had to have a drink. And there was plenty about.
“Three blades. To give to anyone of your choosing. Imagine if the Professor were to get one? You could trade them.”
“Fetohep might not approve of passing them about. Sounded like Wil had to choose.”
Merrik was wagging a finger. But Inky, Delivan, the other [Sailors] were staring at Wil out of the corner of their eyes. Venaz was nodding.
“Well, yes. Perhaps it’s not that simple. But if Wil says ‘yes’—and what benefit is there to saying no?—he suddenly has a mission.”
“Chandrar. It’s far from Izril. But—well, the blades are important. If you could drop me at a port before we go there, I could go to Izril.”
Feshi was nodding. The others were looking at Wil. And he—well, he was about four drinks in by this time and his head was spinning.
“I just can’t believe—”
“Enough of that! It’s real! As real as anything! What are you going to do, Wil?”
Yerra was happily soused. She leaned on Wil, hugging him with excitement for her friend. And Wil Kallinad thought as he downed his drink.
 
—-
 
The next day, Fetohep of Khelt appeared in a whirling spectacle of sand on the decks of the ship. He paused, and looked around.
Face-down [Sailors]. A few comatose forms. Had the ship already been attacked for his treasures?
No—they were just drunk. Or hung over and wishing they were dead. Fetohep saw a group of people start.
“Oh—oh—dead gods, he’s here. Is it day already?”
