Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 10
Xenic insisted on taking Wil below and showing him more of the garden and fish tank, which was impressive. The Lizardfolk crew could help themselves to snacks from the breeding and growing fish; they were mostly Lizardfolk. Only a few Nagas on board, including Xenic himself.
“That should be enough for two weeks without another party; more than enough time to get you to port without a disaster. Can I interest you in anything else?”
“No, Captain Xenic. And I thank you for your hospitality.”
“Not at all! Not at all! It’s a fascinating company you have, Lord Trevalier.”
The Naga twinkled at Wil. To the [Lord]’s relief, Venaz had kept his mouth shut and Merrik and Feshi had stoutly done the same. Now, the Naga looked at the different species and Wil tensed.
“May I ask where such a group gathered?”
Wil hesitated, then did his best impression of a Trevalier. He turned his head and narrowed his eyes.
“The Minotaur is a bodyguard. As for my companions—I believe that is my business, wouldn’t you agree?”
The Naga instantly bowed slightly, looking abashed.
“As you say, Lord Trevalier. My apologies. I am a curious sort.”
“Well, I shall accept your apology.”
Wil copied Fetohep’s mannerisms there. The [Captain] apologized again, and rather to Wil’s relief—that was the end of it.
No one asked about the covered treasure chest; the [Sailors] were doing their best to block the view of the other crew anyways. The Naga didn’t press too hard about Wil’s companions; why would he? It was polite conversation.
The barrels were loaded onto The Emerald Signet and paid for. All without a hitch. Because, and this was important: that was normally how it worked. Coincidental hijinks and unfortunate events did not occur.
Even so, Wil heaved a sigh of relief as the other ship sailed off. But it was done. He turned to Captain Lasc.
“Now may we continue our voyage?”
“Yes, Lord Kallinad. And we have the drinks to do it.”
The [Storm Captain] snatched a cup out of Yerra’s hand as she bent towards the first barrel, already being breached.
“With restraint to our passengers, of course. No more drinking games.”
“Damn.”
The Selphid sighed. But that was it.
 
—-
 
As The Gold of Paxil returned to its trip, Captain Xenic glanced over his shoulder. He had not asked about the odd passengers. Or the tarp over the chest. Or anything else, really.
Because he hadn’t needed to. The Naga already knew…all of it. And he carefully slithered into his cabin and checked the map.
“Aha. I have the coordinates. Someone, get a [Message] spell to Wistram, and…Lord Seagrass. I’m sure he’ll be happy to pay for the information.”
Captain Xenic chuckled to himself as his ship sailed at speed towards Wistram. He also had an [Aeromancer] on board and he could have outrun or caught The Emerald Signet if he chose. But he was a [Merchant]; he didn’t rob ships, even if he thought he could have taken the treasure.
And he’d earn a large enough bounty for relaying the location of Wil Kallinad to these sources. Xenic was laboring over his [Message] scroll, neatly writing down a few observation and the coordinates when he glanced up.
“Captain! Ships sighted on the horizon!”
“Oh, what now? Do they need more water? Food? Wait—did you say, ships?”
The [Merchant Captain] slithered out of his cabin. He stopped on the deck as the Lizardpeople [Sailors] pointed.
In the distance were a trio of ships, headed straight for The Gold of Paxil. Each one was flying a black flag, with a skull. And that skull was bleeding from one eye socket.
“The Bloodtear Pirates.”
Xenic’s smile vanished. He whirled.
