Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 12
It was only after two more hours that Relc realized that Embria hadn’t come. He looked up, feeling a bit woebegone. But she must have had to work. He sat there. As the morning came.
But if Klbkch and Embria didn’t come to get him, no one else would. No one but the [Landlord]. No one else from the Watch; Relc’s few friends in the city didn’t pay social calls.
He was alone. But for them. So the Drake slowly stood. He stretched. Found his money pouch, his belt, took his spear as always and walked out the door. He looked around, blinking in the sun. What did Senior Guardsman Relc do with his time?
Well…of late…he saw a Gnoll passing in the street. Relc smoothed his neck-spines, smiled at the female Gnoll, and hurried over.
“Hello, Miss! Have you heard about the Golden Triangle? I’m Relc, by the way. Senior Guardsman…”
 
—-
 
At the same time, a Centaur was taking his ease outside of an inn. Palt, the Centaur, smoked from a joint. He was always smoking. It was a habit. A way of life.
He was a [Smoker]. As well as an [Illusionist]. His name was Palt. And he got along with people.
“Yes, Master. Really? Really? This isn’t a prank? I’m asking because the last time you sent me on a mission—no, I understand. Yes. And yes. And no. I’m not doing Liscor. Or Pallass. I’ll pass along…no, I won’t. We’re already in hot water. Get someone else…okay. Thank you. Yes! Yes, I’m fine.”
No one could hear the conversation but him, and Palt was deliberately being vague. As he took a lungful of dreamleaf, that delightful substance that made your mood relaxed and your dreams very nice, he passed the smoking joint left.
Lyonette nearly fumbled it, owing to her inexperience with the entire scene. She brought it up to her mouth, inhaled—and began coughing. Palt grinned as he kept talking. Lyonette determinedly had another experience as she puffed on the joint—then she handed it left again.
Pawn was trying to figure out how to smoke the joint as Palt continued.
“No, I haven’t…Master, that’s my business. My romantic—thank you for asking. I’m fine. What? Warships? What did you—okay. Fine. I’ll check for it in the news. Yes, I’m sure! I’ll meet with Magus Grimalkin and Grand Strategist—as soon as I can. The Grand Strategist might take longer, but today! Thank you! Goodbye!”
“Puff. Puff.”
“Pawn, you don’t have to say that.”
“I am trying to get into the mood, Lyonette.”
Palt ended the communication spell. He grinned as he saw Pawn and Lyonette trying to waft the smoke into his…mouth. Palt rummaged in his bag of holding as he produced something.
“I thought that might be an issue. Here. Try this.”
He offered Pawn something. The Antinium and Lyonette stared at a square of…toffee.
“What is this?”
“Chewable dreamleaf. It’s…stronger, so maybe only have a bit. But it also works. I make and sell it as well as the rest, but I don’t use them that much.”
Palt shrugged. He liked smoking. Pawn on the other hand took the bit of toffee. Lyonette eyed it dubiously.
“It’s so…small.”
“You don’t need a lot. Like I said, try it—”
Palt retrieved his cigar as Pawn popped the entire thing into his mouth and chewed.
“Nom, Nom.”
“Pawn. You don’t have to say that either.”
Lyonette sighed. The Antinium raised one finger as he masticated. Then he replied.
“But Erin says that too, sometimes.”
“Erin is a silly…”
The Centaur handed Lyonette the joint.
“Go ahead and finish this if you want, Lyonette. I’ve got to go.”
“Oh. Thank you! I don’t feel…happy?”
“You might not the first time. Just don’t overthink things. You’ll just feel…calmer.”
