Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.1)
Page 25
“A pleasure, Miss Erin. This is a sight!”
“Isn’t it? Sorry I didn’t get to talk to you right away!”
“No, no. I’m grateful enough that you let me into that door. I didn’t realize it was a matter of privilege—ah, Lasica. Rufelt. I came to see what all the fuss was about.”
The [Bartender] and [Chef] couple came over, smiling widely. Erin stepped back as the two introduced Krshia and the Liscorian Gnolls to Xif. She was tickled to see the Gnolls begin to sniff at Xif and recoil slightly. He nodded apologetically.
“I’m the proprietor of Cunning Crafts. I apologize about the smell. I can’t seem to shake it; it’s a byproduct of being an [Alchemist] and having fur. I’ve thought about shaving, but that’s no pretty sight. City Gnoll, Xif. [Alchemist]. A pleasure to meet you all.”
He shook Krshia’s paw like he might a Drake instead. Looking very surprised, Krshia put a smile on her face and shook Xif’s paw.
“Ah. A pleasure. I was told I might make your acquaintance, Honored Xif.”
“Just Xif, please. I must confess, I’m not one for politics. But…I heard there was a great deal of interesting things to see here, and I had met Miss Solstice. So I’m delighted to come. Truly.”
Xif’s eyes flickered to the three [Senators], who were looking around the inn with interest and wariness. Then he smiled at Erin, who entered the almost all-Gnoll conversation as naturally as could be.
“Xif’s really cool, Krshia. He’s the best [Alchemist] in Pallass, right?”
She looked at Lasica and the Drake nodded. Xif on the other hand frowned. He scratched his head, looking embarrassed.
“I’d never say that. Second-best? I’ll claim that, thank you. But best? No, no. I can’t say that at all. Granted, I might be the most diverse [Alchemist] for recipes, but in terms of specialization, there’s someone far, far better than I in the city.”
“Adventurers don’t count, Xif. And you sell your potions. If anyone deserves a voice to represent Pallass’ [Alchemists]—and Gnolls—it’s you. Come and chat with us. We’re discussing the elections.”
Lasica nodded firmly, and Rufelt grinned, motioning Xif over to the part of the bar where they’d been talking.
“I suppose so.”
Xif sighed, clearly reluctant. He looked at Erin and she came to his rescue.
“Maybe in a bit, Lasica. But what if I showed Xif around for a moment or two? There’s a lot of cool things! Like the play!”
“If you have to. But bring him back soon, alright?”
Lasica frowned, clearly impatient. The party moved away and Xif looked gratefully at Erin.
“I appreciate that. I’m not one for inter-Gnoll politics. I really did just want to see what all this was about.”
“It’s totally cool. You can just listen and I’ll pull you out if you want to. But first let me show you all the cool things! We have pizza, ice cream—I think we’re making a batch—the play, and you have to meet Mrsha!”
“Ah. The white Gnoll. Rufelt did tell me about that. I would like to meet her. I feel as though we may have done the Doombring—the white-furred a great disservice. Again, I’m not one of the Plains Gnolls, but I would like to meet her very much.”
Erin frowned as she looked around for Mrsha.
“That’s what Elirr said. She’s not cursed, you know. It’s just…white fur. She’s been nothing but good to the inn. Nothing bad—well—it wasn’t her fault.”
“So you say, Miss Erin. So you say. But tradition runs deep. I’d like to meet her, if only to assuage my own—what is that?”
