Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 47
Bearig whispered, but then Cawe and Eloque stopped hearing his voice. Pisces had cast a [Silence] spell. The man tried to move, but he was too weak.
In dead silence, Pisces kept working, mind racing now. He ignored Bearig’s feeble moving. They had to live. He didn’t know what he was talking about. He’d thank Pisces later. Pisces could improve him, perfect him, more than Riqre dreamed.
All I have to do is hide something in his bones. Or make him strong enough to break metal barehanded. Why did I never dream of this before? Not even Az’kerash—no, has he ever done something like this?
Why didn’t I ask him?
Can you fuse undeath and life together? Yvlon. I helped her. She gained a class from it revolving around her improved body. Look how much stronger she is. What if I had made her arms out of the Archmage’s bones? 
Yes. Yes! Imagine that. Strength of a Draugr. Bone arm. Why…why do you even need flesh? Look at Ceria’s hand. If I could create something like that, they’d be closer to invincible. Repairable. If I could alter her hand…
What could I create? How can I make Bearig better able to help me? Us?
The magic was taking on a complex form and Bearig was struggling, but to no avail. Pisces saw a grander vision in his mind, and reached for it. Something not even the Necromancer had dreamed of. Something…
It was Eloque’s voice, quiet, intense, that made Pisces stop.
“You can’t change him back. You will never, ever change him back. You can change his bones, his body. But the class you and Riqre give him will last forever.”
The [Necromancer] froze. Bearig’s eyes opened. Cawe, who had been peering through the keyhole of the door, looked around. All three looked at Eloque.
“The class?”
“You have one too. It’s crimson. Like blood. That’s what Riqre wants. Change Bearig and you’ll give him one. Like I have. Look. Igheriz laughed and told me to keep it a secret.”
Eloque stretched out her scaly arms. The Lizardwoman pointed at the stitches, and then looked at Pisces.
She had stopped weeping. She might begin again soon, but in this place…in this time…she met Pisces eyes. The Lizardwoman looked at the young man who had interested her, caught Igheriz’s eye, a fellow [Slave]. Or he had been, a moment ago.
Now?
She spoke, slowly, gesturing at Bearig.
“Bearig asked you to stop. He told you he would rather die than change.”
“He doesn’t know what he’s talking about. He’s half dead from blood-loss.”
Pisces retorted. Eloque blinked at him.
“So you know what is better.”
“I know how we can survive. Maybe even escape! Stop arguing with me and just trust that I know what’s better.”
Pisces tried to focus his mind, but he was just waiting for a response. He began to work, and it was Cawe who spoke up.
“You sound like Riqre right now, Pisces.”
The young man rose to his feet. His eyes flashed and he whirled on Cawe.
“Take that back.”
She balled her talon-hand into a fist, then stared at it. The gesture was not something a Garuda could make, yet her fingers…she thrust them at Pisces.
“I didn’t ask for this.”
“It was that or he’d keep your hands shattered! I didn’t have a choice!”
“I know, so I let you do it. Bearig knows. He doesn’t want this. We’re all [Slaves], aren’t we? Listen to him.”
Cawe pointed. Bearig wasn’t able to speak; he lay there, but he had said his piece. Pisces hesitated.
“If there’s a chance…I am not Riqre. I am not.”
“You are not.”
Eloque agreed. She sat there, knowing Riqre and the [Guards] would soon return. She rose, and stared at her arms. She clawed at her stitches in horror. Pisces and Cawe turned to her.
