Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 42
Erin. What would he say to her? Bird?
“I’m getting soft. This is your last chance. I’ll kill you. I’m just taking it easy on you because I don’t want to explain why I killed you to a certain [Innkeeper].”
Klbkch wavered. It was just a tiny flicker—and Saliss tossed the bottle down. Aha!
A huge plume of smoke erupted from the vial. Not everything Saliss made was designed to kill. Just…most things. Saliss shuffled across the web, drinking a Potion of Muffle. Klbkch’s voice echoed from the smoke.
“I left Liscor, but somehow she followed me even to war with Drakes. But Erin Solstice helped me reclaim my strength. If you won’t fight me—”
Something lanced out of the clouds. Saliss twisted, but his [Greater Dodge] Skill failed him for the first time so far. He felt at the burning line on his scales. Enchanted dagger. His eyes narrowed.
“Answer me one question.”
The Slayer stood in front of him, sword raised. Saliss bit back an oath.
“How did you find me?”
The smokescreen was absolute and he was sure Klbkch had been finding him based on the grass, or other context clues! The Slayer smiled.
“You are fighting on the Hivelands. Like your evacuation team—we listen.”
“I’ll pass on the message.”
Saliss held very still. He had a Potion of Haste in him too and [Greater Dodge]—but Klbkch had just scored him. Saliss was prepared to use one of his escape tricks and the detonation would force Klbkch to retreat—but if he used [Recaptured Sublimity] now…
“What’s the question?”
The Antinium didn’t move, save for his mandibles.
“They call you one of the Walled City’s best adventurers, even among Named Ranks. I am inclined to agree based on what I have seen. But why did an [Alchemist] become an adventurer after that first encounter?”
Saliss shrugged.
“I had to earn money somehow.”
Klbkch stepped in like a [Fencer]. Saliss dodged, cursing, jumped away. Klbkch cut through the smoke again and halted. Saliss had a pile of glass jars at his feet.
“Come over here and I’ll whisper a secret.”
He beckoned. Klbkch tilted his head back and forth.
“If you won’t answer—you will not get a chance to slay Wrymvr. He will kill your friend, the Oldblood of Feathers. She cannot dodge his acid forever.”
Saliss’ eyes locked onto Klbkch through the smoke separating them.
“You’d let me go and kill him?”
“I would let you try. Tell me—why did you volunteer for this mission? I heard you. You would run across the border yourself and challenge the Hives alone. Why do you fight the way you do?”
He seemed genuinely curious. Saliss bit his lip. Then he spread his arms, and laughed.
“There’s an easy answer. I didn’t care about this body getting hurt.”
It was a relief to tell someone. And his enemy? Saliss kicked the potions ahead as he walked at Klbkch. Go on, swing. Neither of us will be left.
The Antinium held still. Saliss passed him. He tapped his chest and grinned.
“This is just a vessel for me. It’s all fake.”
What irony, that he could tell an Antinium that before anyone else. Saliss was braced as he sauntered past Klbkch. For that movement, he’d detonate half of his supply—
Klbkch didn’t swing. Saliss walked on and the Slayer called out after him with a fluttering sound. Laughter? Saliss stopped as Klbkch spoke.
“Then we are two of a kind. I thought so.”
Saliss whirled. The Slayer looked right through him. Right into him, like—
The jars on the ground exploded.
 
—-
 
The last Gold-rank adventurer vanished. Shriekblade stabbed an Antinium through the face and swept her blades around.
“Shriekblade. Retreat. That is an order.”
