Interlude – Krshia
Page 13
“I opened my shop for a bit to get the pulse of the city. It is not good, no? Everyone knows about the door. And they fear the Goblins and Humans will take Liscor.”
“It is a reasonable fear, no? Two armies…and trebuchets. I have even heard of some talking of fleeing Liscor and moving south.”
“As have I. I do not think it is wise, though. To abandon everything…”
“But if the alternative is death—”
Mrsha looked back up at Elirr and Krshia in alarm. The two adults fell silent guiltily. Krshia cleared her throat.
“It is not set in stone. Beilmark called the meeting. She will know the odds. Let us wait until then, yes?”
Elirr nodded.
“Agreed. We should be focused on young Mrsha. It has been too long since we saw each other. And it is good to see you well, yes, Mrsha?”
He smiled down at Mrsha. She smiled up at them, but Krshia saw more than happiness run through the two Gnolls. They had both been prisoners of the Raskghar. What they had seen—Krshia had heard some of it from the survivors. But only some. Even the oldest Gnolls hadn’t been able to talk fully about the ritual.
So much for a child. Krshia bowed her head. Then they came to her apartment. Both Gnolls followed Mrsha as she bounded up the steps. The white Gnoll leapt into Krshia’s apartment and jumped onto a couch, happy to run about.
“Can I offer you tea?”
Elirr shook his head as he took a seat opposite Mrsha. Krshia nodded and went into the kitchen for some dried crackers and silkap, because it would have been completely rude not to offer something to eat. She set it on the table and Mrsha reached for a cracker at once.
“Ah, do not eat too much, Mrsha. There will be more snacks later.”
The little Gnoll gave Krshia a look that clearly said that later was not now, and why shouldn’t she eat as much as possible? But she reluctantly took only one cracker and spread the rich paste on top. She munched as Elirr and Krshia did the same. Politeness done, Elirr looked at Krshia.
“I thought you would have young Mrsha here at once given what we discovered. Why the delay?”
He spoke politely, but without the deference that Tkrn would have offered her. In terms of unofficial hierarchy, Elirr and Krshia were close to the same level. Krshia ducked her head by way of apology.
“I tried, but Lyonette, she was very stubborn and refused to let Mrsha out of her sight.”
Elirr nodded.
“Understandable. It is good Mrsha has a protector. Well then. Mrsha.”
The Gnoll guiltily froze in the process of reaching for a second cracker. Elirr and Krshia looked at her. Both adults hesitated. They didn’t really know how to begin.
“Mrsha, we wished to speak to you alone. Between Gnolls. About the dungeon. About what happened there.”
The Gnoll’s eyes went wide. Instantly she began to quiver. Krshia rushed to reassure her.
“We do not want to make you remember. It is what Elirr saw, about your magic, Mrsha. About the fact that you…can cast magic. Spells.”
Mrsha stopped trembling. She looked at Krshia and Elirr and then looked guilty. And, like a child, she tried to hide it.
“We know you can cast magic, Mrsha. With a wand.”
The Gnoll squirmed in her chair. Elirr shot an amused glance at Krshia.
“We saw, you, Mrsha. I did. You are not in trouble—”
“Hmf. Although you are in some if what I suspect is true.”
Krshia folded her arms. Elirr growled under his breath and kicked Krshia gently under the table. Mrsha pretended to be interested in her cracker.
“Mrsha. Can you do magic?”
Reluctantly, the Gnoll looked up. She nodded once. Krshia held her breath. Elirr just nodded.
“You learned it, didn’t you?”
