Interlude – Paradigm Shift (Pt. 1)
Page 24
“Indeed, indeed. Yet that statement is a poor nothing. One has bad days and good regardless of whom one is. I have inquired and it seems you take no actual breaks. Tell me, do you enjoy the ceremony of taking tea? I could invite you to one of High Mage Telim’s little gatherings. It is a convivial gossip session.”
The [Mages] boggling at Eldavin looked at Cognita. A frown appeared on her face.
“I do not socialize, Grand Magus Eldavin.”
“Not with that attitude, I see. Very well, if you insist, I won’t press the matter. You know where to find me if you change your mind.”
Cognita stared at Eldavin. A tremor ran through her body. It was apparent to all who listened that Eldavin’s tone was not mocking or comedic…yet it was rather reminiscent of an adult, an older adult, speaking to a far younger person. Grandfatherly.
The Golem did not appreciate that. Eldavin began to walk past her, and then turned, as if recalling something.
“Oh, have you heard about the Sentient-class Golem that was claimed to have been invented in Illivere?”
She visibly wavered this time. Eldavin went on.
“I’ve heard that the Magus-Crafter is quite adept. He might be able to reproduce the phenomenon. Do you recall the competitors of your master, Zelkyr? Wouldn’t you say Femithain of Illivere might echo the [Golem Artificers] right about oh, Zelkyr’s fourth decade?”
“I do not speculate about world affairs—Eldavin. Goodbye.”
She turned. The half-Elf sighed as the Truestone Golem walked through the ranks of [Mages]. Haughty and aloof. As bad a child as Ryoka Griffin.
He’d actually tried to engage her in conversation. Yet with how all of Wistram treated her, no wonder she’d shrugged him off.
It did not occur to Eldavin that Cognita’s refusal might have had to do with more than her status in Wistram, and her attitude towards him in particular. The Dragon pursed his lips, watching her go. It would be so much easier if he could just talk with her, but she was impossible to talk to privately! Too many ears around…politics.
Well. He turned and walked on his way, sighing. He’d made four attempts so far. Eldavin headed to a personal tutoring session with a small group of the students he’d picked up. That young man with the false name—both of them. Calac Crusand and Trey Atwood. Well, the entire group of students was rather extraordinary. Far more promising first-years than the other students years ahead.
Eldavin ran them through the basics, then took aside the young man with the [Warrior] class to show him how to channel spells through the blade. He eyed the upgraded Lifesand Golem and shook his head. One Golem at a time.
After that, he went back to his quarters to prepare. One more day till the double full moons…his carefully-bargained for ingredients went into glowing spell circles, bubbling mixtures, and, in one case, his mouth.
High Mage Telim had excellent snacks.
 
—-
 
It was only full moons. Two of them, a rare astrological event, yet so what? The moons were only bodies of matter that reflected light. They were not special; it was superstition that governed full moons having any auspicious events.
Or else why would it matter that the moons were full at night? They were ‘full’ in the daytime too. You just couldn’t see them.
The naysayers and fools who thought like this had no appreciation for the fact that time and place did matter. The funny thing was that they were right.
When a moon was full, it was always full even if you couldn’t see it.
It was just a matter of perspective.
