Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 20
Fetohep of Khelt had paid four dozen of the finest [Assassins] in Roshal to slay the Emir on this night, and approached the Emir Darsul to remove Yazdil from power. In his undead wisdom, the ruler of Khelt did not expect the [Assassins] to triumph.
Indeed, upon that night, two thirds of the hired killers were seen to make half-hearted attempts. A crossbow fired wide, spells which destroyed a stall ahead of the Emir or far behind—and eight men and two women with names like ‘Yazdil’ met their fates.
Some of the Assassin’s Guild did try in truth. Yet, the Emir Yazdil remained untroubled, even if his bodyguard, Iert, was seen to vanish from time to time throughout the day. The Emir’s security was unquestioned, unthreatened even by Khelt’s ire.
Yet that was not the true nature of Darsul’s plan. Like Fetohep, he expected no aid from the Assassin’s Guild, who owed much to the Emir Yazdil and whose Guildmaster was said to be in Yazdil’s debt. The [Assassins] were only to distract the Emir’s security, even lull them into thinking this was the true attack.
On the sixth night, the Emir Darsul unleashed his Djinni.
He had possession of one of the great spirits of old, which had built such nations as the Shield Kingdom of Merreid, and whose children, the Jinn, had once spread across Chandrar far and wide until their end.
Even the weakest of their kind could slaughter Gold-rank adventurers, for no mundane weapon could hurt them, and magic was their blood. And the Emir Darsul did not possess a weak Djinni.
It was the reason why he was Emir so young. The dungeon had unearthed the artifact holding the Djinni, along with all its riches and made him so powerful he could insult Emir Yazdil to his face, and make even the most dangerous in Roshal walk quietly around him.
A Djinni is not to be used lightly, even so. An incautious command would see him dead, and even a Djinni cannot protect one from a blade in the dark.
But such was his enmity that Darsul used his great treasure this night. Cunningly, as well, and it was thought that Fetohep of Khelt advised him on the plan.
Instead of sending his Djinni against the Emir Yazdil, who might have guarded himself well against such dangers, being a man of intelligence and understanding the dangers of such opponents, Darsul commanded the spirit to find Yazdil’s treasuries in his palace and empty them. To take his opponent’s wealth and destroy everything that could not be carried away.
In addition, he armed the Djinni with three artifacts of destruction, including a Wand of Disintegration, that the spirit might be unmatched even if the Emir Yazdil had other Djinni. He bade the spirit go, and the Djinni was set loose.
To say this was a mighty threat against Yazdil was no understatement. Even if he had Djinni of his own, he might well lose them in battle, and thus he and Darsul would lose irreplaceable servants. Moreover, the battle could well destroy his palace. His bodyguard, even great artifacts might be nothing compared to a wrathful Djinni.
And yet…the night was quiet. Emir Darsul paced in his study, or so it was said by his servants, fretful and furious, but hoping that his servant had eluded all guards and was now removing Yazdil from power. It would be a sweet victory and all the more powerful if Yazdil woke with nothing to him. He would not remain Emir for long, then, penniless.
After all—money was only money if you held it safely. In the same way, power in Roshal depend on who held the leash. More than one [Slave Master] had ended up just like all their possessions.
