Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 20
Umina flushed. Only a Lizardfolk Company would have such a playful name. Niers smiled, nodding.
“Not to mention other companies who are powerful, if not as large as the top four. All of us big players, well, we’re held by each other. No one wants one side to gain more power than we already have, so there’s an unofficial agreement to ally to defend against an aggressor. If the Forgotten Wing Company moves now, two Companies or more will move against it. Stalemate, you see? We’re too big, and all the alliances are too firmly entrenched. So we enjoy the luxuries of success without being able to break the status quo.”
“But you clash with other companies all the time, Professor.”
He waved that away.
“Border skirmishes, Umina. Wars by proxy. There hasn’t been a major battle between our companies with hundreds of thousands of [Soldiers] on the line in over a decade. Even eighty thousand soldiers isn’t much compared to what we can field.”
The Lizardgirl nodded. Niers went on, frowning.
“The trouble is, I don’t appreciate the stalemate. I’d like not to live the rest of my life like this. I’d like the Forgotten Wing Company to gain even more power! But we can’t. Not easily. We have too many enemies now. It might be different if it were easier to move abroad, forge alliances on other continents, even recruit and set up bases there. But the Iron Vanguard controls the seas and we have to negotiate hard to send armies to other continents. If we could expand—but I’ve tried making our own navies time and time again, and Tulm shuts down my attempts each time. You can’t keep a fleet that secret.”
Wil looked like he wanted to take notes. So did Umina. This was Niers Astoragon, talking about the challenges of his position candidly and openly. She had no idea that he’d tried to make a fleet. The Titan grimaced.
“So back to your question, Umina—secrets. Why do I offer them? The better question is: what’s stopping me? It’s just a secret. Yes, it’s valuable, but what’s that to me? I’m rich! What good are secrets if they’re kept forever? Maybe I want to give my students some help. Maybe I think it’s a worthwhile incentive. Maybe—I’m just tired of everything being so constant.”
He looked pointedly at Umina and Wil. They analyzed what he was saying.
“So you’re helping us to destabilize the balance of power?”
The thought was mind-boggling. Niers waved a hand, smiling.
“Don’t worry, I don’t intend for any one person to do that. I’m just explaining, Umina—I don’t care if giving out a secret messes with the established order. I don’t need to maintain it. In fact, I’m counting on you two. All of you young [Strategists] to generate some excitement for me. I’d hate to die of boredom.”
The compliment took the words out of both students for a moment. But then Wil asked a question next. He had to. This was their chance. And oh, they had so many questions, rumors among the students they needed answers to. Umina couldn’t imagine how much her classmates would kill to have been here. They’d be buying her drinks for weeks when she told them about this moment! And this wasn’t even the question!
“Is Three-Color Stalker—I mean, Lady Foliana really the head of the Forgotten Wing Company, Professor?”
“What, are you doubting the chain of command, Mister Kallinad?”
Niers looked mock-offended. Wil bit into a tiny fried fish, removing the bones before answering.
“Not at all, Professor. But it’s odd, given that she doesn’t um, command? Wouldn’t it make more sense for her to be second-in-command and you to lead?”
