Interlude – Meetings and Friendships
Page 11
The [Lady Firestarter] saw the swing as everyone on the hill dove out of the way. The chariot thundered past them as Maviola hit the ground hard. The spear barely missed her and the white-haired grandmother pulled on the reins, cursing.
“What’s happening? What’s happening?”
Lady Desinee shrieked as the [Riders] following the chariot-driving spear-wielder surged up the hill. They halted as House El’s [Guards] drew their blades.
 
—-
 
“Hey, did you hear anything?”
Erin Solstice was trying to show Wilovan what a paddle looked like as she drew on a piece of parchment. The Gnoll glanced up.
“Sounds like shouting. Ratici—”
The [Innkeeper] heard the scream and then the cries. Her eyes went round.
“Uh oh. Mrsha! Numbtongue! Bird!”
She ran, Ratici cursed. The two Gentlemen Callers surged down the hallway after Erin. They were prepared to drag her back—
 
—-
 
Bird reeled in his fish. Numbtongue and Mrsha applauded.
 
—-
 
“It’s the damn inn again! Sound the alarm!”
A scream from the walls of Liscor. Someone blew the inn-alarm.
 
—-
 
The chariot turned and Maviola leapt, avoiding the old woman’s second slash. For someone that old, she was spry! Olesm had taken cover with Lady Desinee and her bodyguards by the carriage. House El and the woman’s own guards were in a standoff as Maviola dodged the circling chariot and horses.
Erin Solstice was at the door to the inn, being held back by both Gentlemen Callers, looking around for Bird. Liscor’s walls were sounding an alarm, but the core of the action was Maviola and the mysterious old woman. Now, Maviola conjured a ball of fire and threw it.
The chariot swerved, dodging the fire. Olesm stared. Maviola hadn’t used [Fast Fireball], which would have killed the horses. He fumbled for his sword.
“Who is that?”
Lady Desinee was the only person he could ask. The [Lady] of House El was staring, her mouth agape. She jumped as she stared at a Drake, but replied fearfully.
“That’s—the [Harbormistress] of First Landing! Lady Gresaria of House Wellfar!”
Her statement was confirmed a second later as Maviola screamed a curse.
“Gresaria, you salty bitch! I’ll burn your face off! You had to have one last shot at me, did you? You couldn’t just die in peace?!”
“Maviola! You cowardly little fire salamander! I’ll kill you!”
Gresaria was old. But she had to have at least half a dozen combat Skills, because the war chariot was maneuvering with commendable agility. Now, she stabbed at Maviola.
The flame-haired younger woman raised a hand.
“You made a mistake, Gresaria! [Fast Fireball]!”
“You little—”
The flash of fire made everyone duck. But Olesm saw the old woman shift her grip, until she held the very end of the spear. She swung it in a wide arc—
“[Spellstrike Arms]!”
She hit the fireball with the spear and it bounced. Everyone threw themselves down as the first fireball fastball blasted past Rose and the baseball team in training. It blew up in the air and the baseball players ran screaming.
The two [Ladies] were panting. Maviola stared at Gresaria and raised her hand.
“I forgot you could do that.”
“I have—artifacts—anyways—Maviola. Now, I’ll cut that stupid head off your shoulders…”
The old woman was gasping for air. She lifted the spear as the warhorses turned. Maviola braced—
And Lady Gresaria collapsed. The old woman’s eyes went wide and she fell back into her chariot.
“Lady Gresaria!”
Her retainers thundered up the hill. The old woman was white under her tanned skin. Olesm, Lady Desinee, Erin—all stared. Then they rushed forwards.
