Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 43
But in Riqre’s caravan, there was no need for Leciaun. His personal, devoted servants were off-limits. Everyone else? The [Guards] had free reign so long as they did their duties.
The [Slaves] who were not devoted moved in silent fear. The [Guards], well, they put up with all of it for this alone.
The worst of them was the [Guard] named Tenir. Tenir was not the highest-leveled, he was not the most trusted, although he had Riqre’s favor. He was not even the cruellest, but he was so relaxed. He joked and talked to the other [Guards], so completely at home here that Pisces suspected he was a monster beyond belief.
The truth was more horrifying.
[Slaves] would plead or try to negotiate with the [Guards] who took an interest in them. Tenir? Tenir they didn’t try. He would approach one, and they would beam at him.
“Tenir, are you busy?”
“Tenir, I beg a moment of your time. I so enjoyed our last encounter.”
“Tenir…”
They loved him. He alone enjoyed their affections; they practically fought over him. So Tenir happily enjoyed their company. No matter if they pleaded or wept or shouted, he heard nothing.
To him, they sounded and seemed to be happy as could be. His smile never changed and he laughed and jested with imaginary retorts to something he alone heard.
Pisces stared at Tenir. The other [Guards] just shrugged.
It was Emir Riqre who explained, when Igheriz demanded to know what was wrong with Tenir.
“It’s a class and a Skill. He does not know he has it himself, you see? It is invisible in his head. Tenir? I employ him and he works for me for a song. You would not know it, but at first he was the most miserable [Guard] who ever existed! He drove himself mad, but a man must work. Guilt. He thought he did something wrong. I told him not to worry, but he had different beliefs than mine. Foolish man. So he…broke. Against something. It worked out, you see?”
Igheriz just looked at Tenir.
“You let one with that class serve you as a [Guard]?”
“Of course. It does not harm. Roshal fears too much, Igheriz. As long as you know what is made, you fear nothing. I do not delve as deep as A’ctelios Salash. Now. Tomorrow we visit my home. Then we shall feast! And after that, to Roshal!”
Pisces looked up from ‘mending’ the bones of another [Slave]. He looked at Riqre. The Emir’s head turned and he caught Pisces’ eye out of the corner of his. He winked.
All of this? Play as we travel. Now you shall see all of it.
 
—-
 
They stopped at Emir Riqre’s manor. Pisces sat with Cawe, Bearig, Droppe, Astotha, and the others. No one really spoke.
“If I—if any of us stay here, I would rather anger Igheriz four times. Not that I interest him. Sands, let it not be so.”
Cawe muttered at last. The others nodded. All eyes turned to Pisces.
“Do you think he’ll insist on you, Pisces?”
The [Necromancer] shuddered.
“No. He can’t be that mad. This Naga wants me and Igheriz wouldn’t allow it. Azam is still here…we’ll leave tomorrow.”
As soon as Riqre entombed all those who didn’t genuinely, truly love him by now. Shein shuddered. He still felt at his new legs, running his hands over his flesh and squeezing the bones when he had a chance. The horrors made him physically vomit and shake. Pisces didn’t blame him. There was adventuring—and then there was this.
“Necromancer Pisces. The Emir Riqre desires your presence. You are to be an honored guest.”
