Interlude – Chess and Ships
Page 7
Venaz murmured. The Minotaur was unconcerned by the glare he got from the [Storm Captain]. Lasc gave him an evil eye, and then turned to Wil.
“Drowned vessels can sink beneath the waves. But you couldn’t trust ‘em, Lord Kallinad. Believe me, my crew and I can get most sunken treasures up—least, the ones not guarded by monsters or something nasty.”
“Your crew and the Emerald Signet was the first I thought of, Captain Lasc. Please don’t mind my companion.”
The [Lord] elbowed Venaz. The Minotaur grunted, but held his tongue until Lasc moved away. Then the [Strategists] turned into a huddle.
“Grandfather’s hammers, Peki! Why didn’t you tell us you couldn’t swim?”
Yerra snapped at Peki. The Garuda [Martial Artist] and [Lieutenant] shrugged.
“Forgot.”
“Forgot? We’re at sea!”
“I made it last time.”
“Peki’s a bit daft. But what was that about you needling our [Captain], Venaz? He’s been nothing but a good host. And Wil hired his ship, didn’t he?”
“Hmf. I could have chartered us on a Minotaur ship.”
“And we’d have had to wait and pay over a third of whatever we pulled up, Venaz. We’ve been over this.”
Feshi growled, poking Venaz in the back. The saltwater was drying in her fur and she was not in the mood to debate. Venaz paused.
“A Drowned Ship can sink. And they have magical shields. I’ve seen them. This Captain Lasc is decent, for a Human. But he’s only a [Storm Captain]. Wil, are you certain he’s the best pick for our mission?”
Wil wiped at his clothing, which was still drying. He looked around at the five other [Strategists]. They’d all come with him, on his offer, and under his command. He nodded slowly to the ship.
“Trust is a big thing on the sea, everyone. Captain Lasc has traded with Kallinad and we have a relationship. And that makes him the best pick. Not only that—his crew has seen fighting. They’re experienced. But trust is why I chose him. He won’t betray us or slit our throats. And Minotaurs aside, I don’t know if I’d trust another group that much.”
“Oh.”
Merrik nodded appreciatively, along with Feshi. They understood that. Venaz sighed.
“I’ll apologize to the man. But I’m cooped up and bored. How long until we reach the first shipwreck, Wil?”
The others shushed Venaz instantly. Aside from Lasc and their group, no one was supposed to know the true purpose of their outing. And that was to locate and uncover the various shipwrecks Wil had been given by Niers Astoragon.
“Let’s head below decks to continue our conversation. I could freshen up and we’re just in the way up here.”
Wil carefully suggested, and the others agreed. They trooped down below decks.
It was rather pleasant in the Emerald Signet. For all it was a ship, and thus limited in space, it was a good one, and that meant there were magical amenities to make a sea voyage more tolerable.
There was space for games below decks—the students had brought two chess and go boards and the [Sailors] had given up playing them, and the six had everything from a scrying orb to books, to a map to simulate war games with or argue about strategy.
They’d been doing a lot of that, over convivial food and drinks, or watching the Wistram broadcasts. It was a bit cramped, and they were two to a room—Yerra was bunking with Merrik, Wil with Venaz, and Peki and Feshi—but those were only places to sleep. Now though, they squeezed into Wil and Venaz’s room.
“I hate water.”
Peki announced as she sat on the top bunk. She didn’t seem too disjointed by her near-drowning experience. Merrik threw one of Wil’s pillows at her as he clambered up to sit up top.
