Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 5
A voice cracked across the deck. The [Strategists] looked up. Now here was someone with some pep in her voice. A [Storm Sailor] glared across the deck as she shouted at them.
The ship was indeed turning. At the prow, the [Captain], Captain Lasc, was turning the ship, moving the thick ship’s wheel. All well and good. Venaz went back to staring at the chessboard. His right eye was twitching.
They were bored. Venaz sighed as he pushed the chess board back.
“I’m not in the mood to play. Feshi, Yerra?”
“Nope.”
The two chorused as one. Venaz nodded. With care, he put the carved stone pieces into his bag of holding, and the board.
“Maybe we should bring out the scrying orb. Hopefully there’ something interesting on.”
Television had come to this world. But watching it all day still made you go insane. The others were nodding. And the voice cried out again.
“Watch the sea-cursed boom, you idiot bird!”
The others looked up. Peki glanced around. Just in time to see the boom of the ship and sail turn with the galleon. Because…that was what happened when a ship turned.
All the [Storm Sailors] were out of the way. But the inattentive Garuda, who did not voyage on the sea, was directly in the path of the ship’s boom. And it swung into her and smacked her out of the air.
“Peki!”
Yerranola sat up quick. Feshi and Venaz saw the Garuda hit the deck, roll, and spring up. Venaz sat forwards.
“Hah! That was entertaining!”
Peki was unharmed. She’d tried to block the boom, and then, realizing that was impossible, transferred the energy into the roll. She was patting her ruffled feathers down as Wil and Merrik strode over.
“Peki! How many times is that? Eighteen? Watch the boom!”
Merrik needled Peki as the Garuda eyed the offending boom of the ship—which was connected to the sails, which a ship would turn to catch the wind. That was also how ships worked, incidentally. And when a ship turned—or the wind blew hard, the boom moved. By accident, it was called a jibe. Either way—you watched the boom. Everyone seemed to get that but Peki.
“Didn’t hurt.”
The Garuda defiantly flicked her wings out. Merrik rolled his eyes.
“And it still swats you each time! I thought you were a [Martial Artist] from Pomle!”
“Am.”
“Well, you seem to get hit by a ship quite often.”
“I can hit you.”
Peki raised a fist. Merrik raised his and Venaz got up, looking excited. But before another brawl could break out—a [Storm Sailor] strode across the deck.
“Oi, you salt-brained sack of scum! Don’t you learn? Watch the boom!”
She bellowed at Peki, pointing angrily at the piece of the ship. Peki and the other students from the Titan’s academy turned and stared.
They saw a [Storm Sailor] glaring at them. One of many on the ship. They had names. Personalities. Some of them were probably people. But they didn’t make a point of getting to know Wil and his friends. Wil was familiar with the [First Mate], Delivan, and Captain Lasc, but all the others were a blur of ‘don’t touch that’, or ‘captain’s orders’, or ‘you’re in the way’ to him.
This was just another one. Only—she—stood out. She was short, as [Sailors] went. Skin dark, tanned from the sun. Dressed in a [Sailor]’s garb, relatively lightweight and not entangling to avoid issues if you had to swim. Sleeves and leggings rolled up, crusted with salt; you didn’t wash often on a ship, and hopefully didn’t need to.
Well, her legging was rolled up on one leg on her left side. Her right…leg…was harder to roll up on so she’d just cut the cloth away. That helped her octopus-leg stand on the deck.
