Interlude – Lifting Ants
Page 19
There was no playful tone in Bird’s voice. He did not have his bow, just a single hunting knife in his hand. But somehow, the smaller Worker was no less threatening than the six Soldiers.
The Soldier didn’t move. He stared at Bird. Perhaps only shock kept him from tearing the Worker apart. All the Antinium were staring. Stock-still. This wasn’t the shock and hostility they had felt when seeing Mrsha. She could almost feel their emotions, in some invisible stream in the air.
A Worker had attacked a Soldier. An Antinium had attacked another.
A Worker had disobeyed orders.
Aberration. Aberration.
ABERRATION.
The world stood still. The Hive froze in this area. Bird looked at Mrsha. He smiled, raising his mandibles, but it was not a smile.
“Do not worry, Mrsha. You will be okay.”
How long they stood there, Mrsha didn’t know. How many heart-pounding seconds, as the hands held her, as the Antinium stood still? Then—there was a voice. A sole point of movement, and then all the Antinium moved backwards, rippling away from the figure, the voice of authority.
“Bird!”
Anand strode through the crowd of Antinium. It was Anand; Mrsha knew him at a glance. Not only did she know the slight nuance of his voice and his smell—he’d also changed.
The [Tactician] now wore chainmail, altered to fit his form. Or rather—it was a chain vest; Mrsha saw it was in fact a length of chainmail that had been wrapped around him. A strange thing, perhaps intended for a creature not built to any one standard.
Like Anand. The chainmail glinted a faint purple, and it glowed magic in Mrsha’s sight. Anand also carried a hatchet and wand. And he had a belt. He was as unique among the Antinium as Mrsha. Or Bird.
“Anand. Hello. There has been a bad thing. Tell them to let Mrsha go.”
Bird sounded relieved. Anand gestured; instantly the Soldiers stepped back. The one who had been stabbed put Mrsha down and she ran behind Bird. Anand stared at her.
“Mrsha? Bird, what is happening? Is the inn under attack? You did not call an alarm!”
Bird studied his feet.
“No. We were playing. I opened the tunnel because I wanted to hide. Mrsha ran down it.”
For a second Anand stared at Bird with that way Lyonette and Erin sometimes did, just processing. Then his mandibles snapped together and went down.
“This is unacceptable, Bird!”
“I know. I am sorry.”
“Sorry is not enough! You are very lucky I was the one who found you. If Revalantor Klbkch had—he is still furious at you! As am I. If he had found you—”
Bird nodded.
“I know. I made another error in judgment. I was playing with Mrsha. It will not happen again.”
Anand paused. Mrsha saw him struggling—and she could read his emotions, like he was any of the other species in the inn. Anand had been one of Erin’s best chess pupils out of all the Antinium who had played with her. And he had learned more than just the game.
“Bird, I do not think you comprehend Revalantor Klbkch’s wrath. He has not allowed more than the necessary Antinium aboveground. Pawn and Yellow Splatters have not been granted the right to patrol. Revalantor Klbkch is—angry. We have all erred. You especially. And the other Antinium are coming. There must be no mistakes in the Hive, Bird. I would not wish to disappoint Klbkch.”
“I know. I am sorry.”
The [Tactician] paused, and shook his head brusquely.
“It is not enough. You must go. Before the disturbance is noticed. I will inform Revalantor Klbkch that there was an—accident. But go. Do not allow Mrsha to come down here again. Next time, she may die.”
“I know. She will not.”
