Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 15
“Excuse me. I seek Krshia Silverfang. I was told this door leads me to…Liscor. This is Liscor, yes?”
He had an accent, a far more growling tone, with connected words. Ishkr blinked at him.
“Er. Yes. The door connects to Liscor. The same one you came through.”
The Gnoll’s brows crossed. He glanced sidelong at Ishkr, as if believing he was being tricked. Ishkr gestured.
“I can send you to Liscor right now. This way, please. Krshia is probably at City Hall or tending to her shop.”
“City Hall?”
“She’s a Councilwoman of Liscor.”
The Gnoll’s jaw dropped slightly. He quickened his steps, suddenly full of questions. Ishkr sighed, but bothersome customers came with the job.
…Neither one was the important guest. And important was a relative term. Montressa and Beza rose, on their important work.
“Let’s go to Master Hedault now. We can show Erin our initiative.”
It was the kind of thing that would have earned them accolades in Wistram if they pulled it off. Beza was nodding. They hurried out of the inn, towards Invrisil, past the Drake with a leafy staff.
She was….interesting. Her clothing was sparser than most Drakes. Rather than being seductive in any intention though, they gave her the look that she was going to bushwhack or do something that involved dirt. And dirt did cover her clothes; not that she was dirty, but it had been worked into fabric from much exposure.
She’d tied something interesting around the top of her staff. It was, in fact, a delicate lattice of cobwebs. It seemed incongruous, as if a strange spider had woven all around the top of her staff. But if you looked closer, you realized her clothing, the staff—
It was all spider’s silk. Some dyed, but nonetheless. The Drake had been staring around the inn, first in puzzlement, noting the weird Drake with a box, the two [Mages], the crowds—she didn’t seem at home with anything there.
But she had migrated over to the wall, as if drawn. Now, she murmured.
“Oh! What power runs here. What power. Magic. But what is this? This—this is strange. This calls to me. I am a humble traveller. What waits for me here?”
She put a claw out, gingerly. And jerked it back as a door appeared. The Drake stared, wide-eyed at the door. Then she put a claw on the handle and opened it.
The [Garden of Sanctuary] opened for her. The [Druid] hesitated at the opening.
“How magnificent. A sacred place! Here?”
She stared about the inn, marveling. No one really paid any attention. Lyonette was listening to Ferris’ clumsy upsell. Erin was upstairs, listening to lectures on how to negotiate. Numbtongue was making boxes full of hidden weapons.
The Drake hesitated at the opening. She touched at it and recoiled. There was a…barrier. She frowned. Then she stood back and bowed with her staff. Ishkr, passing, gave her a strange look, but he was busy. The Drake spoke to the open doorway.
“I am a humble traveller. I mean no harm. I beg entrance; I am Shassa Weaverweb, granted my name by those who still walk the wild green. May I enter?”
She closed her eyes. After about two minutes where nothing at all happened, she cracked one eyelid open. Shassa gently felt at the opening.
The barrier was gone. The Drake blinked, then smiled, ducked her head, and entered the [Garden of Sanctuary]. Then she gasped and stared.
“Magnificent.”
 
—-
 
Mrsha and Ekirra and Visma were playing, now tearless and chasing around Mrsha’s magic ball. They were laughing and running up and down the hill as Drassi snoozed. At first, they did not see the Drake with the staff.
