Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 16
“Oh, this? Just a Fraerling invention. We drill holes into a bottle and attach the spigot. Far easier than having something custom-made, isn’t it? Help yourself! I think this wine is…ah, yes. Saverian Red, quite a good one. I have a few others; if you want a juice, there’s one in that bottle. Water’s—no, wait, that’s alcohol. Ah, there it is. Magically purified water. And spring water. Help yourselves! Come on, now!”
Bemused, Wil looked at Umina, before reaching for the Saverian Red. Umina helped herself to the magically purified water; she’d had a bit too much to drink already. Still, the snacks were calling to her and she gingerly picked up a few chips made of Yellats. The spicy chips were made even hotter by sprinkled pepper and there was a beautiful dip just waiting to help her with it…
“I thought we were asking a question, Professor. This seems more like a meal. If we’re taking up your time…”
Wil’s hesitation was waved away by Niers. He laughed as he settled back into his chair, munching on his date.
“Not at all. I cleared my schedule, just as I said. I’m free for the entire night. And you, Wil Kallinad and Umina Caxical, are my guests. We’ll sit and talk, so eat and drink to your heart’s content! Don’t worry about the question. While you’re here, you may ask me anything you wish and I’ll do my best to answer.”
“What?”
The two students were astonished. Niers grinned.
“Within reason. Secrets are secrets. But if you ever had a burning desire, to, say, ask me about the inner workings of my company, or any of the rumors surrounding me—ask.”
“But—anything, Professor?”
“I believe I said that, Umina.”
“But you said we get one question!”
The Lizardgirl tried to control her tail and neck frills, both of which were trying to move in excitement. The Fraerling’s eyes twinkled and he winked.
“That’s just what I tell other students. Did you think I’d march you in here one at a time and you’d ask a question and leave after I answered?”
They had thought just that. Wil and Umina exchanged a glance. Niers laughed quietly as he got up to grab a chip and some dip. He carried it back over his head and tossed it next to his seat. It was hilarious to watch and he winked at Wil’s face.
“Laugh, Wil! I know it’s funny to see.”
“I wasn’t—then what is tonight, Professor?”
“A conversation.”
Niers sat back in his chair. He ran a hand through his beard. And he smiled faintly, looking up at his two much younger students.
“I know we’ve talked in class. But that’s a different setting than now. Here, we’re not student and teacher, but people. You ask me questions, I answer. We have a dialogue, not an examination. That’s the prize. You two and me, getting to know each other for a night. The question is just the end of our discussion.”
Umina and Wil exchanged a look. The Lizardgirl felt another flutter in her stomach, but it was fading. Niers sat back, looking from face to face on opposite side of the table. He lifted a cup.
“So, then. To your victories at Daquin. It has long been overdue. To you, Umina, and you, Wil. Congratulations!”
The two lifted their cups and drank. Niers drained his cup in one go. Umina did likewise and had to fill it with something stronger. The unabashed compliment had already put a fire in her cheeks. Wil likewise. Niers Astoragon was smiling as he got up to refill his drink. When he sat down again, he looked at them.
