Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 3
“May I ask where you’re bound? We’re headed to Reizmelt.”
“Oh really? Me too. I’m a City Runner. I work around there. Sorry, I should have introduced myself. My name’s Ryoka Griffin.”
Ylawes’ hand tightened on Ryoka’s hand. He blinked. Dawil sat up. Falene lowered her hand, [Message] unsent. The [Knight] stared at Ryoka as she saw his face change.
“Really? Well, this is fortunate. We’ve been looking for you, Miss Griffin.”
Ryoka’s face froze. She stared at Ylawes. She couldn’t help notice that Ylawes’ armor—along with his sword—was silver. She hesitated.
“What did you say your name was?”
“Ylawes Byres.”
The [Knight] saw Ryoka start.
“Oh. Do you know Yvlon?”
Ylawes blinked.
“She’s my younger sister.”
“Small world. So—you’re looking for me?”
The Silver Swords nodded. They gazed at Ryoka and Falene casually adjusted her staff.
“Someone would like to speak to you, Ryoka Griffin. Please—”
 
—-
 
The City Runner exploded out of the coach. Randal jerked, and the horses reared in alarm as Ryoka Griffin took off running. He turned to stare after the Silver Swords, who poured out of the coach, chasing her.
They’d laugh over it later. Well, probably. Ryoka Griffin might not laugh as much. And after a while, in hindsight…she would blame Erin for all that happened next.
 
—-
 
The Wandering Inn was having a busy day. There were quiet days, when the worst thing that happened was Erin spent all day hunting for a missing chess piece or tried to make a 10-foot pizza for fun.
But busy days came after dark drama, or triumph. So much was happening.
The [Lords] were gone. Lady Bethal was in Invrisil, enjoying a play. But the door was popping with activity.
Maviola El was there. And before the sun had even properly risen, you could hear her haranguing an [Innkeeper].
“—and when you make a contract, you need to have it officiated at least by the Merchant’s Guild. It isn’t that hard, Erin.”
“Leave me alone! Lyonette’s better at this!”
“They’re negotiating with you. You need to learn how to talk to them. It’s not hard. Listen, we’ll practice. Stop running away—”
Thump, thump, thump. Erin ran down the hallway. Maviola El pursued her.
“Stop being childish.”
“I don’t wanna do it!”
“You are impossible. Don’t make me spank you.”
“I’ll punch you! Why do I have to learn all this?”
The two arguing young women were talking about contracts. Sending food, supplies hundreds of miles via magic door. Erin Solstice had struck a deal—at least the beginning of one—and Maviola was determined to make it real. The [Innkeeper] was less than happy, but her protestations grew weaker because Maviola was right. She sighed, turned—
But of course, it wasn’t always about Erin. As the [Innkeeper] reluctantly returned to her room, a little white paw reached up. A white Gnoll hefted a giant rock, still covered with dirt, into a drawer. She tossed it—and never heard the thunk.
A tail wagged. Mrsha peered into the drawer. Then she put a pillow in there. It vanished as soon as she inserted it into the drawer. Mrsha padded off. She came back with hers and Lyonette’s blankets. She stuffed them into the drawer.
From the outside, the single compartment in the chest of drawers should have held some clothes—a few knickknacks. But six rocks, a pillow, blankets, and now a variety of Mrsha’s gifts, including Numbtongue’s silver ball and her horn went sailing into it.
A very excited little face poked over the edge of the drawer. Mrsha rubbed her paws together.
Most excellent. Of course, this was the most important thing happening in the inn. Mrsha vaguely heard Maviola sitting down.
