Interlude – Burning Alcohol
Page 18
Indeed, as Selys walked Erin down the road, the two were wearing helmets. Steel—the [Guards] at the gate had made them put it on. Regular civilians weren’t allowed beyond certain points as well; some buildings were going up and they were going to be tall. A dropped nail or brick or hammer could kill from even a short drop.
“No, no, no! You idiots! That’s not part of the design! Don’t assume the Antinium are making the same things we are! Clear it away! You’re way off your designated zone!”
A Drake [Foreman] was berating a group of [Builders] as Erin walked past. She had her own blueprints of the city, and where her group could build. Apparently, much of the city had been designed, but the individual plots of land were up for sale and design within their confines. Selys shook her head as the [Builders] swore and began to uproot their hard labor. Erin was still just amazed.
“This is so cool. I can’t wait until this [Architect] arrives. What’s taking them?”
“Apparently they’re coming all the way from Baleros. It’s a long sea-voyage, even with a fast ship, plus they’ll have to travel inland. But they already sent the designs, and part of what they’ve done is already finished, see?”
The roads were indeed neatly laid out already, to allow wagons and pedestrians to pass by in the most efficient system possible. Selys was pointing out her section, swarming with Workers, where she was planning on some nice apartments and warehouses, all to rent. It was along the edge of the residential district.
“There’s the temporary wall. The Antinium put it up in a single day. Amazing, right? The Watch don’t like it, but they did it in a day. And I wouldn’t try getting over it.”
There was a short, ten-foot high outer wall that was protecting the buildings. It was made of stone and dirt and looked primitive, but it would stop your casual monster from appearing. [Guards] were patrolling around the walled section of the city in numbers, so Erin assumed it was fairly safe.
“Wow. So you’re building apartments?”
Selys nodded proudly.
“Nice ones. I’ll pay for quality and charge a decent rent. It’ll take me a while to get my money back, but when I do it’ll be steady income. No cutting corners and paying for it later. I’m not managing it myself of course; I’ll hire someone to do the job.”
It was a new world to Erin. Selys was moving up. Then again, Erin could hire people too, but not build entire districts from scratch. She stared at Selys, at a loss for words. Selys was making the choices Erin had agonized over of her own volition. She wanted to do this.
“You know, my inn’s nearly finished with the second floors. I can start renting rooms out now.”
“Huh. Who’s your clientele going to be?”
Selys looked sideways at Erin. Another adult question. The young woman shrugged, but she was relieved she could talk with Selys about it. Why hadn’t she done that before?
“My staff. Temile, some of the players. Actual guests, you know, who might be travelling? Lyonette wants a stable. For horses.”
“Inns have stables, Erin. Generally.”
The young woman threw her hands up.
“No one told me! The inn didn’t when I found it! Although Relc said it probably just rotted away.”
“Anyone else in particular? I mean, will you specialize? Peslas has rich guests. But knowing you…”
Erin paused.
“Well, I’ll probably offer Palt a room too. And…well, other people.”
The [Heiress] looked sideways at Erin. She paused.
