Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 4
Cheap clothes here weren’t cotton—cotton was imported. Corusdeer hide was one of the most common commodities from [Hunters], so if you were strapped for coins, that was what you had. His was old and handed down. And it didn’t fit properly.
The Drake boy stared at Garry’s loaf with great apprehension. He knew what that usually meant.
“Does it have…maggots? Live maggots?”
“No.”
Garry saw the Drake boy poke the loaf as the others stared at it. One Gnoll girl stood on her tiptoes and sniffed it very suspiciously.
“Smells good.”
She informed Hisnis. The Drake hesitated. He wouldn’t have associated with the young Silverfang girl a few months ago, but she was a regular like him. Even so, he didn’t take it.
“Does it have anything alive in it?”
“No. Maybe yeast, but it is fresh and baked. It has no bugs.”
“Does it have bug parts in it?”
“No.”
“…Dirt? Slime? Monster organs or anything they make?”
“No, no, no, and no.”
The Antinium [Baker] was being very patient. The young Drake was almost convinced.
“So what does it have?”
“That is a secret. You must eat it and see. Please tell me if your family likes it. Oh, and here is the rest of your order.”
Garry added a pie he’d been keeping warm and a small box of his newest project. Erin had shown him how to make dumplings, and he’d finally managed to make them stick together. The Drake repeated his questions, but his stomach growled, and he almost snatched the food.
More than enough for a hungry young man. And enough for a family of three. Garry politely indicated his jar where he held coins.
“That will be three copper coins, please.”
Hisnis fumbled with his pouch, but he had three copper coins. One for each item. He put them in the jar, embarrassed, but Garry smiled, and they knew him enough to recognize an Antinium smile.
“Thank you for your business. Would you like to buy anything else?”
“No. Thanks…wait, we missed the door!”
Hisnis pointed, and everyone spun around to Drassi ducking an angry Snow Golem hurling snowballs at her team. They crowded around, but Hisnis grabbed the food and hesitated.
“I’ll—get this home. I’ll be back. Don’t let her do anything interesting!”
He shouted at the others as if they could stop Drassi. Garry nodded and watched the Drake run for it. He had to bring the food back to his mother and his younger brother. It might be breakfast.
It probably was breakfast. And the other guests of Garry’s stall, reminded of their stomachs, began asking for their orders. He delivered them, and his prices were fairly consistent.
One copper coin. One copper coin bought you a canteen of soup—so long as you brought back the canteen to refill—a loaf of bread filled with jam—that was what Garry’s secret ingredient was, Prelon jam—or half a duck roasted in fat.
The older Drake lady looked dismayed when Garry offered it to her.
“That’s my special today? Duck? Wherever did you buy that?”
“Invrisil, Miss Biscale. They had a sale on ducks. I had to use half for a project, but the other half is quite tasty.”
The other half of the project was a duck fat glaze and cuts for some potatoes au gratin. Mind you, that was just for taste and a bit of variety—Garry had made a huge, huge tub, and his helpers, Pisca and Runel, the Flying Antinium, had peeled two hundred potatoes.
Half a duck wasn’t much. But it was all he could save from the seventeen he’d used. Add in to that some tasteful Shield Spider cuts, pan-fried, a lot, a lot of goat’s butter, all the cooking in the six ovens he had—
Well, it had been a project. Miss Biscale tried to offer Garry a silver coin, but he politely asked for his copper.
