Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 18
A few children screamed as Luan sat in a school, an actual school and talked to Fraerlings. They looked horrified, but their [Teacher] waved a hand.
“Remember, everyone. They’re small to Tallfolk. Harmless.”
“That’s right. They’re quite cute to us and a lot of us have them as pets.”
“Insanity.”
Some of the Tallguard accompanying him grumbled. Even Noa looked troubled. Luan looked around.
“Don’t you have pets?”
“Sure do. Reasonable ones.”
Luan recoiled as someone actually brought out one of their pets—apparently the school let them take some to class if they kept quiet. He stared at the pale, squirming…beetle?
“What is that?”
“An aphid. What? Never seen—oh, right.”
Even for Fraerlings, aphids were small, so these were like…hamsters, Luan supposed. Horrible hamsters. He didn’t fear bugs like some people, but his discomfort around them amused the Fraerlings, who then insisted on showing him their menagerie of animals.
Everything from ladybugs to aphids to an actual, tamed roach could be a pet. Although they rode the eight-inch long cockroach like a horse. That was too much for Luan.
“Some places have ants—but they’re tricky and it leads to ant-wars and such. They’re not for everyone. Frankly, your ‘cute’ animals are worse to us.”
“Even rabbits?”
“Biting bastards. Take your arm off. Dogs? Eat you whole and aggressive. All teeth and fur and…gah! You do know that Miphir-Roaches are herbivores, don’t you?”
Luan shuddered as the huge ‘safe’ roach waddled past him. He could have lived without seeing what was, to him in this moment, a horse-sized cockroach.
 
—-
 
He was still a prisoner, or rather, guest. Luan talked with the Architects and Ekrn, but he realized he wasn’t about to leave unless they had some assurance he would never tell. His word, even on truth spell, wasn’t enough, though they liked that he was honest about his intentions.
“We’re working on a [Geas] spell. But it’s not common, so we have to contact other settlements and see if they have one in their records. You can go after that. Missing your Tallfolk friends?”
“I’m sure they’ll think I’m dead or lost at sea. There’s—something I need to tell them.”
Ekrn nodded, not unsympathetic as Luan did press-ups. Noa and a crowd of Fraerlings were watching. His energy had returned, and with it, restlessness.
The funny thing was, the Fraerlings hadn’t asked much of him that had tested Luan’s actual abilities. Hauling water? Not exactly hard with a bag of holding.
They’d hunted down a Stelbore, much to Luan’s astonishment. He hadn’t even seen the fight, just been asked to help transport it in chunks with his bag of holding. Fraerlings had been covering the Stelbore, keeping it secure as he hurried it back to Paeth. There, [Mages] had erected a ‘scent cordon’ where his nose had stopped working so they could process the meat in peace.
However, that wasn’t hard either. Dragging some rocks over so they had a supply of stone? Helping dig? Luan was amazingly useful to Paeth not by virtue of his class, but his size. There were simply some things a giant could do that Fraerlings could not. For instance—their best bags of holding could hold one banana at most. He walked back from a tree they were familiar with, with enough bananas for the entire year and some for himself.
So Luan was actually a bit bored—physically. His [Rower] class was also unfamiliar to Fraerlings, for all they lived ‘close’ to the water. The sea, even a stream, was a much more dangerous place for them, so while they had pools and Tallguard could swim, he fascinated them by telling them sculling was a sport.
