Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 64
“We just have to reach the horses. If they have none, Azam will not catch us. I will delay him. I am a Gold-rank adventurer. Just run for the horses.”
He’d have to leave his gear behind. And the spellbook. Pisces had debated going after Igheriz…but no. He would return. He would never forget Igheriz, or any of the [Guards].
“This is madness! We’ll die!”
Droppe protested. Astotha joined in, but Pisces shook his head. It was Bearig who replied.
“Better to die than live like this. Will any of you suffer another Leciaun? Another man like Emir Riqre? If I die—I’ll do it thanking you, Pisces, and you, Cawe. You saved me once and I was ready to die there. Freedom. Freedom or death. I thought being a [Slave] might not be the worst fate when I was imprisoned in Nerrhavia’s Fallen. I was wrong.”
He held Rophir in his arms. Pisces looked at the [Cook], and the others stared. It was the longest, most eloquent speech Bearig had ever made. It was right. Pisces slowly reached out and clasped the [Cook]’s arm, and gave the man a look of true regard.
“Yes.”
That was all. The other [Slaves] looked at each other and their nerves firmed. It was only Astotha who moaned.
“You are all warriors! We’ll be caught! We’ll be punished like the worst were! Don’t do this!”
Pisces ignored her. He tensed, the chains wrapped around his arms and tied into loose ‘knots’; they’d impede his magic and movement, but he could [Flash Step] with them.
“Just go for the horses. Cut all those loose—try to ride at us with them.”
Cawe and the other Garuda would be first out, then Merr. They were fastest. Cawe was pointing to where the horses were tethered.
“What about me?”
Eloque looked at Pisces. She was shaking. He looked at her.
“I will not leave without you.”
“If it looks like I may be captured—kill me. Not one more night.”
He met her gaze and slowly nodded. The Lizardwoman smiled. Pisces thought he saw hope in those eyes. He tensed to give the signal, checking to see if the [Guards] were talking—
“Wait, wait, wait—”
Astotha screamed. It was a single, piercing scream of noise. She shouted.
“Escape!”
Pisces jerked. He whirled around and saw her looking at him. Eyes round with terror, she backed up to the edge of the tent.
“They’re escaping! They made me—”
“Astotha!”
Bearig howled in dismay. Cawe and the others at the front were already running. Merr turned, blood in her eyes, but Pisces forced her out of the tent. He heard two more people take up the shout.
“Escape attempt! They’re going for the horses!”
“We’re not moving! Don’t kill us!”
Droppe and of all of them—Shein. The Lizardman and Human Bronze-rank held back. Pisces would have turned back, cursed them and their cowardice and betrayal. He didn’t waste breath. He ran like a madman, for the horses, looking for—
Azam. The Djinni burst through a tent in a roar of fury as Igheriz raced out, screaming in rage. The Djinni and Pisces locked eyes. Pisces aimed a finger up.
“[Deathbolt].”
He spared the Djinni no quarter. No mercy. For this, for freedom, he would kill and use every spell and Skill he had been granted. If he had his [Shatterbolt] ring, he would have used it.
If he had dared to cast [Invisibility], he would have cut the [Guard]’s throats from behind.
If he had Nekhret’s bones, he would have used the [Ritual of the Lord of Bones] to risk all, even if a second Toren had been created.
