Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 36
“Responsibilities? Dead gods, I’m old. How did I ever get…?”
He looked around. The Titan wandered from bowl to bowl, looking for his cup. And then he realized it was in his hand. He filled it, and then stomped over to his wardrobe. His mirror. He stared into it, looking into his worn face. He toasted himself silently.
“You’re too old to think of romance, you idiot! Too old by decades! And too small. Look at you! You’re afraid of the change you’re trying to bring about! What will happen next? Better something than anything! You’re so old! But I want to be young forever!”
Niers Astoragon scowled. Then he kicked the mirror. He shook his head. And then, finally, he laughed. He raised the mug, drinking, and staring into the mirror, remembering a much younger face, dreaming of the future.
It still felt like yesterday.
 
—-
 
Umina lay there in bed. Puzzling it over. She was still drunk, but the answer was obvious. It sank into her. Things she knew about Tulm. Reasons why he would ask a question with such a curious response. It was a mark of how drunk she was that it took her a few minutes to figure it out.
Who was Tulm? She didn’t know too much, but she knew the obvious. [Strategist]. Mithril. Dullahan. Iron Vanguard’s second-in-command. And there was that legend about him. The one people said was true.
And like that, the pieces fell into place. Umina sat up. Her eyes went wide. She breathed a word into the night, the name that legends were made of.
“Dragons.”
 
—-
 
Dragons. A laughing Titan. Mystery and past and conversations and happiness and bittersweet tears. But that wasn’t the end of the night. There was one last thing.
Wil Kallinad thought it was over. He’d fended off his friends, and he was in his rooms, sobering up, preparing a [Message] of the highest confidentiality to his father. He was staring at the quill and ink drying on the tip. Unhappy, but he had his answer and there was some peace in it. Regrets? The drink was making it hard to push them away. Foliana stood behind him.
But it was over. Right up until it wasn’t. Wil sighed, reached over to dip his quill in the ink—
And Foliana cleared her throat. Wil looked up. Had he heard…?
He turned around. And Foliana was there, staring at him. Wil hesitated. Something was—he focused, blearily. He looked at Foliana. And she stared back.
“Hello.”
And then she was there. Suddenly, without warning Foliana was there. It wasn’t that she had appeared or magically become not-invisible. It was just that Wil realized she had been standing next to him, sniffing his ink pot and peering at his letter the entire time. He turned, stared at her.
Then he screamed. Foliana immediately slapped him. The furry paw turned Wil’s head. She raised a finger.
“Shh. It’s late.”
“Lady Foliana! What are you—”
“I have something for you.”
Wil tried to scramble out of his seat. Foliana was reaching for something. A scroll. She unfurled it, frowned at the contents. And began to read it silently.
The [Lord] was used to magical scrolls. He saw the flash as the magical writing containing the spell lit up. His warning pendant began to shake, but it was too late. He opened his mouth.
“Lady Foliana! What are you—”
“[Erase Memory].”
Foliana’s hands glowed with a pale nimbus as the scroll turned to dust in her hands. She reached out, her eyes glowing with magic and flicked Wil on the head. His mind went blank. He stumbled back, and she neatly snatched the paper and ink he’d been writing on. She peered at it, and then began to eat it, piece by piece.
“What? Bu—”
