Interlude – Relationships
Page 20
He didn’t know she was a [Princess]—until he saw the [Knights] and the very obvious red hair. The City Runner was searching for a name, but then he saw the Goblins.
“G-goblins? Hobs? Someone get an…”
An adventurer? The Goblins milled about as the two carriages emptied of everyone but one person in the back carriage. They all looked worried, and no one reacted to the Goblins. In fact, even a Sariant Lamb went scurrying for cover, looking uneasily back at the carriage.
That was when the City Runner and the people on the road felt an intense, nigh on visible hostility and anger coming from the carriage. Coincidentally—the roof caught fire.
“Water! Get water!”
Again, the City Runner was getting ahead of himself, because the fire was bright, but not red like a campfire. It was pitch-black and ominous.
Black, like the very depths of anger. Long past the first ignition—this was the kind of wrath that seeped into the bones like poison and burned deep there.
“Uh oh. This is your fault.”
By now, the passersby were watching, and they clearly heard the [Bard] turn to the [Princess]. The Hobgoblin poked her, and she slapped his wrist.
“My fault? You were the one having drinks with the [Emperor] and agreeing behind my back!”
“I’m just a Goblin. She already beat me up yesterday. You get today.”
The red-haired [Princess] spluttered—then squared her shoulders. She looked around, counting.
“I suppose someone has to talk to her. Are the Antinium back at Liscor, yet?”
“Nope. Adventurers—maybe. The Horns are probably going ahead of them, and the Halfseekers.”
That caught everyone’s attention. The famous Horns? The Antinium Crusade? The City Runner looked up the road and felt at his pack of autograph cards he’d brought just in case he made it on time. But the [Princess] was simply nodding.
Quickly now, the two carriages divided. The Goblins, all three of them, a little witch with no hat, the Gnoll girl, and everyone else, including another Runner, piled into the second carriage. A Human woman in a colorful riding dress and a Gnoll took the horses, which left…
Four Thronebearers and the [Princess] slowly entered the carriage. The [Princess] hesitated at the door, and one of the [Knights] actually lifted his arm, as if pushing something back. She steeled her spine, and the watchers saw a bright aura, faint, but protecting her, push at the intense hostility coming from within.
She entered the carriage, and the door clicked shut. Rather, the Runner had to imagine, like someone entering a box with a Ghoul. No escape.
 
——
 
Forty minutes. They had forty minutes to Invrisil. The Thronebearers, including Dalimont, had gotten a crash course in humility from watching their Order fail on the field of battle—and seeing a [Paladin] run and carry them for an entire day before fighting an undead horde practically unarmed. Then run back.
They could perform any diplomatic feat, but this was going to be forty minutes of close-combat warfare. Worse—they were the support, and all four realized they might catch worse than a hand in the ensuing battle. Being burned alive was not a pleasant way to go.
Nor was being strangled by the aura in the carriage. A Level 40 aura from someone with training at the height of an emotion?
Breathing was tough. They had to remember their training and concentrate their own wills. Yet the [Princess] sat there, arms folded.
It might be less than forty minutes; the poor driver, Otto, was pushing the carriage as if trying to outrun the fury behind him.
