Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 44
Keldrass muttered, slumped in his seat. Bevussa reached out and smacked his shoulder with one wing. She shook her wing arm, grimacing as the magical enchantment on the armor flared to life.
“Oh really? You want to fight Rockmites, Keldrass? Have a thousand of them crawling down your beak? Wander in caves looking for veins? Even with [Dangersense] and [Rock Scent], or some other Skill, that’s a brave Goblin.”
“It changes nothing.”
The Drake sulkily reached for his mug. Jelaqua sighed at last and raised her voice. The oldest adventurer present fixed Keldrass with one eye as all the adventurers looked at her. And remembered who one of the Halfseekers had been.
“Keldrass. Whatever may have passed or not, you just met a Hobgoblin and had a conversation with him. In an inn, with dozens of people watching. Doesn’t that strike you as the least bit odd?”
The Drake hesitated. In the end he said nothing. But it didn’t matter. The story wasn’t about him. As the night wore on, Numbtongue, who’d been smiling and looking happier than anyone could remember seeing him in a long time, stood up. He wandered to the stage in the back of the inn, where the Players of Celum, exhausted after repeat performances, had vacated it. There he pulled up a chair and sat. And the inn watched as the [Bard] got his guitar out and slowly began to tune it.
Numbtongue sat on the stage and looked down at his crowd. They weren’t here for him. Some glared at him. Others shouted for him to get off until Erin threw stuff at them.
It was an unwilling audience. One that hated him, that looked out of morbid curiosity or fear. But so what? He wasn’t going anywhere. The Hobgoblin sat on the stage and looked for the right tune. The right words. And they came to him. Despite him not liking singing, the urge rose.
So he began to play.
 
“Have you heard of the greatest Goblin warriors, the Redfang Tribe,
Who lived in the High Passes and ate Eater Goats and Gargoyles just to survive?”
 
Across the inn, guests looked up. That was the thing about music. Like it, hate it, it was hard to ignore. Numbtongue strummed, and raised his voice.
 
“Our leader was Garen of the Redfang blade,
Who was an adventurer and his team betrayed
He made us and saved us and taught us how to fight,
A traitor maybe, but he did things that were right.”
 
Sitting at their table, Moore and Seborn looked up. Jelaqua drank from her mug and looked up. Numbtongue went on, improvising, putting words together.
 
“This is the story of thirteen Redfangs he chose,
Who walked and travelled on no Goblin’s road
He sent us thirteen to kill an innkeeper, 
But lost and confused, we didn’t know where to seek her!”
 
Erin spat out her drink onto Mrsha’s head. She looked up. Numbtongue stared off into the distance.
 
“This is the tale of the Goblins who roamed
The Goblins who fought and died until they found home.”
 
It was a ballad of rhymes. Rhymes were easy. Numbtongue barely had to think. All he had to do was remember. At first there had been Esthelm. Quietly, he told the story of a chance encounter. A fight with the Silver Swords. And a girl. A skeleton.
 
“A [Florist] who was more Human than monster (who had impeccable taste)!
And so as not to let her sacrifice go to waste,
Thirteen Goblins fought at Esthelm that day
And only six walked away.”
 
No one knew that story here. No one had heard it told. But they had to hear it. Someone—anyone had to listen. Numbtongue recounted it, the deaths, the names. Grunter, Bitefly, Leftstep…
