Interlude – Talia
Page 43
“Don’t keep us in suspense, Chise! What’s the identity of Sir Solstice, if not Human?”
The [Summer Knight] looked at the Goblin Slayer. She gestured at his back.
“Consider his tracking ability. His refusal to show us but a glimpse of his visage—and now, since last night, I espied a few tufts of hair on his armor that had not been there yesterday. Dark, reddish fur.”
It took Talia a moment. Then her eyes went round.
“A Gnoll?”
“Impossible!”
“Is it?”
“But he fights like one of us! His martial abilities—Gnolls are not [Knights]!”
Ser Thornst raised a finger, frowning.
“Hold on. It may strain credulity, but I distinctly recall our order receiving a request from a Gnoll in Izril last year. He wished to know whether we might accept him—”
“No.”
“Yes! And he was refused, on the grounds of age and talent. He was fully-grown, far past the age of any normal [Squire] and to merit such an invitation and the expense of bringing him so far, we would have to have been assured of some great troth of talent. Even so, the Fall Sentinel expressed his regrets for the decision and debated issuing an offer—if the Gnolls were to obtain the prequisite levels in the [Warrior] class and suitable acts of valor.”
The Order of Seasons fell silent. Ser Lorell murmured, eyebrows raised.
“No wonder dogs don’t like him.”
Talia looked up. The Goblin Slayer was coming this way.
“Whoever he is, he is valorous. I saw that myself. Sir Solstice, will you ride with us today? We’ll make no fast progress on foot!”
The Goblin Slayer paused.
“Horses? I don’t ride well.”
“Can you not ride a horse?”
Talia saw the armored figure shake his head slowly.
“I have not much practice with…horses.”
“Told you—”
“Shh!”
The company left the inn. Outside, Talia showed Sir Solstice how to mount. He listened, and then looked at her as she offered him Ser Eldein’s horse to use.
“Why?”
“Why what, sir?”
“Why help me? Why want my company?”
The question was blunt, but she’d expected that. Talia paused, and looked back at her fellow [Knights]. She did love them, for all they were different. She glanced down at the Goblin Slayer and replied seriously.
“Honor is a hard thing, Sir Solstice. And valor is not seen enough in this world. Is it so strange for us to welcome the company of one who has either?”
“You think I have it?”
“You fight well. And I believe you when you speak of loss. More than that, sir? It’s just a feeling.”
The Hobgoblin stared up at the female [Knight] in silence. Then, slowly, he drew something from his pack and put it around his shoulders. Talia blinked at the crimson cloak of blood.
“What’s that? An artifact? I thought you didn’t use them, Sir Solstice.”
“This one came from a…friend.”
Rabbiteater put it around his shoulders. A cloak made of liquid. The crimson blood moved like fabric as Rabbiteater slowly swung himself onto the horse’s back. It was different from a Carn Wolf and the horse shifted uncomfortably, smelling both Goblin and blood.
He cut an impressive figure. The [Knights] looked at him. They smiled, and Rabbiteater looked around. His voice was…quiet as he looked at Talia.
“Is it okay?”
“What?”
Rabbiteater paused. He gestured, awkwardly, at the [Knights], treating him with courtesy. At the [Innkeeper], who’d come out to bid him farewell. At the Humans who smiled and called his name. At the fake him. The image of a person who slaughtered Goblins. But mostly, he was talking about himself.
“Is it okay to be happy? Even when friends die? I should not feel happy. But I do. The world hurts. It is cruel. Good dies. But still. Even though I am…am I allowed to want to smile?”
