Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 29
“Raskghar split from Gnolls. Some stories claimed them as our faults and sins made manifest; others simply that they were made of darkness in our image. The truth may not matter. The stories agree; Raskghar hunted us. This is why. Chieftain Akrisa—no, Krshia Silverfang. You were at Liscor when they were found in the dungeon. Can you give us an accounting of what you saw?”
Even Asoma turned to Krshia as she spoke. She relayed the first encounters with the Raskghar simply. Mrell’s blood chilled to hear how they scaled the walls during the flooding, outfought the [Guards], and abducted Gnolls.
“They are three times more dangerous under moonlight. Stronger, smarter…”
“I know of that transformation under the moon. But not from this.”
Chieftain Perale spoke up. The Wild Wastes’ best warrior nodded uncertainly.
“Is it a shared power?”
“I refuse to believe we share anything with that! Even ancestry!”
Another Chieftain exclaimed. Chieftain Firrelle of Ekhtouch snorted.
“How can you? It is obvious. Look at that thing’s…her teeth. Her claws. Her fur and body—do you think she sprung up naturally from the ground?”
She rose too, and Asoma eyed her curiously, licking her lips. She seemed to be picking around the room, finding Gnolls she…liked. Like Xherw, Torishi, Firrelle…
High-level Gnolls. Firrelle looked down at Asoma with visible unease, but spoke to the room.
“We are Ekhtouch. We understand how traits are passed down. Raskghar look like us. But split off, long ago. They are related to us; I would swear every level I have ever gained on that.”
It seemed like a fair statement, but even so, the uproar it presented was enormous. Some Gnolls didn’t want to believe it.
“Enough. Enough. We can deliberate their origins later. Or that is a task for [Shamans]. Shaman Theikha, why did you bring this one here? For us to see it alone?”
Xherw spoke, and Theikha nodded to him.
“No. You are correct. I have a few questions to ask. Then we will deliberate in peace. You have seen the Raskghar. Now…Asoma. Answer a question for me.”
She turned to the Raskghar, and Asoma grinned.
“Feed me. I answer.”
“Answer, or you will regret it, Raskghar.”
One of the Az’muzarre guards didn’t even lower her voice. Asoma glared, and Theikha raised a paw.
“Answer, Asoma. You have killed Gnolls.”
Asoma’s face contorted with effort. She frowned, searching for words.
“Not me. I…surrender. Mercy. Forgiveness. You make us better. You feed us. Nice Gnolls. We surrender. Forgive. Let us out?”
She looked around, grinning, and the feeling of appalled anger in Mrell’s stomach grew. Theikha ignored that.
“Your people have killed Gnolls. Why? Why did you know to…sacrifice us? Why do you attack us?”
Asoma hesitated.
“Don’t know?”
She had the look of a child evading a question. Chieftain Reizet slowly rose, but Shaman Theikha planted her staff. She did not raise her voice…but the air around her grew dark.
Each Gnoll in the room felt a chill through the air. Theikha did not get bigger, but she seemed to focus, or the rest of the world grew blurry. It was unnerving to watch.
“Answer my question. Why do you hunt Gnolls? Who told you?”
No longer smiling or confident, the Raskghar backed up.
“Don’t know! Hungry. Know. We know food.”
Theikha took a step forward.
“Then—where did you come from? How long have Raskghar been below Liscor?”
“Don’t know. Long. Many lives. Lost. Can’t get out. Waiting.”
Mrell leaned forwards. Theikha glanced around.
“Did anyone put you there, Asoma?”
