Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 54
“It lasts as long as it’s true, Mri. I think it changes color if it’s less true. Go on! Try it!”
Mrsha frowned. Then she wrote, carefully, and held up a notecard for all to see.
I am always a good girl.
Instantly, the seal glowing a gentle green-blue, and even slightly changing to hues of yellow or purple—turned red, burst into flames, and fell off Mrsha’s forehead. The girl stared down at it.
“Well, it’s good for a job. You know, you could make some decent money just applying that once every day.”
Yelroan chuckled. Mrsha looked at Satar and handed her a note.
Your Skill doesn’t work. Stupid.
Then she went back to her [Message] scroll.
“Veracity isn’t like a simple truth stone. It’s…oh, fine.”
Satar stuck out her tongue at Mrsha’s back. She sat up, feeling a tiny bit better—but still upset over the entire lack of stories thing. Mrsha glanced up at Satar, remembering how sad the [Shaman] had been. She kept scribbling and that click-click continued.
Feshi came back; she had apparently gone out to the bathroom or something.
“They’re passing out food. Anyone want to eat at Weatherfur’s camp? We’re eating some fresh salmon someone brought. Even a tuna from deep at sea. Big. Gire couldn’t finish all of it herself. Anyone interested?”
Gire shot up.
“Me, me! I’ll go!”
The others murmured agreement, and Feshi assured them they wouldn’t be disturbing anyone, and it wouldn’t be for another twenty minutes. Yelroan looked down.
“It’s an equation. Sin, cos, tan…I can almost…”
His eyes were glittering, but he kept glancing at Mrsha. Caught between delight and…
The little Gnoll glared down and slapped something. The clack made Feshi, Satar, and even Rose and Adetr look up. Mrsha rolled over and whined in the back of her throat…then raised a notecard.
Feshi! Help me, please! Beat this stinky person up!
She wanted Feshi to help her? With…Satar looked over and saw what Mrsha was doing at last. She was writing on the [Message] scroll to her penpal. And…
Playing chess.
Feshi’s ears perked up instantly, and she crouched down.
“What is this, Mri? Wait a second…”
Everyone else crowded around, except Gire, who read the scroll upside-down. They all blinked down. Mrsha folded her arms.
She and her penpal had been corresponding. Incidentally…Satar had heard Krshia had been involved in some kind of amazing conversation via Wistram the other day, but she hadn’t known what. Now? She looked down and saw a conversation.
 
Fetohep of Khelt: Good evening, ‘Mri’. Would you kindly desist sending [Messages] to my palace?
Mri: But we’re penpals! Can I have a throne? Or a crown? Or jewels?
Fetohep of Khelt: No. You are a child.
Mri: You thought I was intelligent!
Fetohep of Khelt: Age is but a concept, yet a child remains a child.
Mri: Ur a bully. I hate you.
Fetohep of Khelt: Insolence is unwise. I am Fetohep of Khelt. A ruler of Eternal Khelt. Do you think it is wise, even for a child, to taunt me?
Mri: …I’m sorry. But you’ll forgive me! Because I’m cute :)
Fetohep of Khelt: I cannot behold any appearance of yours, Mri.
Mri: What do I do!? Everyone is nice to me! I am very cute and cuddly, Fetohep! Forsooth! No child hath more delightful appearance than mine own!
Fetohep of Khelt: You are a precocious child. 
Mri: Please help Erin. 
Fetohep of Khelt: I am in the process of doing so. There are…complications, however.
Mri: You should help Erin. She could teach you chess. Do you like chess?
Fetohep of Khelt: I am exceptionally adept in the game.
