Interlude – Relationships
Page 36
She hugged him back as Snapjaw halted, uncertain. But Badarrow just rubbed his eyes in her hair.
“…Hi, Erin.”
That was all he said, but Erin just squeezed fiercely back, and then she was looking around.
“Snapjaw? And—is that Redscar guy here? Do I know…? Numbtongue’s almost back, Badarrow! You’re here! Is—do you know where Rags is?”
She felt guilty asking when he was right in front of her, but the [Sniper] seemed to understand. He had seen her, but there was only one person that Erin hadn’t seen since the beginning. Two—technically, of the living.
Then again, Toren was dead. So Badarrow pointed, and Erin saw.
The door to the [Garden of Sanctuary] was open. Bright sunlight spilled from beyond and the scent of fresh grass and the strange spice of Faerie Flowers. She looked beyond and knew.
“I’ll just—I’m just gonna say hi. I’ll be back in a second. And say hi to you, Snapjaw. Eat anything you want. Even tables. It’s just…”
Erin was already walking towards the open door, but she halted guiltily. Yet Badarrow just motioned her as the Goblins stared at Erin. And Zevara, who was watching Erin and not stopping her. Bird came down the stairs as Badarrow grinned.
“Go on.”
The [Sniper] pointed, and Erin walked towards the garden. Bird threw up all four hands.
“Friend! I found you again!”
He hugged Badarrow as the [Sniper] laughed. But all of it, even her dear other guests, her inn, her family…
For a few minutes, Erin left it behind as she climbed into the garden. Her legs burned with effort, despite the magic keeping her moving, and she felt unbalanced, not ready for this.
Yet she had to go. So Erin climbed up the hill to the meadow and looked around. She opened her mouth.
“R—”
No. Erin caught the word and then gazed about. She looked towards the jungle, the pond with the beaver’s dam, now vacated, the rock garden, the snowy patch, the arid biome with the new grove of cacao, coffee, and other trees.
Then up.
There was surely only one place Rags would be. She always had a sense of the dramatic. So Erin began walking up the mist-covered hill. It was not far, and she walked into the damp mist and then saw statues.
Hundreds. Thousands. For her, there were many. But they all seemed to be organized on a hill larger than the entire garden itself. Erin walked past too many faces. Until at last, she found the Goblin.
Rags was sitting down. Erin looked up, panting slightly, and saw a stranger, sitting on a piece of…stone? She looked up and realized that her guest hadn’t known how long Erin might be. So she’d taken a seat.
Not upon the grass. Armored boots of decorated Wyvernhide dangled off the edge of a piece of flat stone. Not too high, but then, the Goblin was not that tall. Nor that old.
Her hair was long, spikey, even, and black. She wasn’t like Goblin children, who, like many species, were bald. She’d even grown; she was still shorter than the [Innkeeper], who halted, eyes wide, but she looked older by far.
She wore armor decorated with Carn Wolf fur, warm for mountain chill, and again, made of leather Wyvernhide. She carried a sword and buckler at her side, and if she had been fully armed, a familiar, worn crossbow on her back, made of Dwarfsteel painted black.
She did not have it on today, but she still seemed like a miniature warlord. Her crimson eyes focused on Erin at once, with such intelligence it seemed like she were sometimes reading a book, contemplating everything she heard.
Her pointed ears twitched as Erin drew in her breath. But what stood out to Erin was where Rags sat.
