Interlude
Page 22
If you had a head for such things, or experience, you could see that Niers was planning on a lot of investments. Spending capital. And you only did that for a few reasons.
“Going somewhere?”
Niers jumped. He stared back up at Foliana. The [Rogue] had appeared behind him as she liked to do. The tiny [Strategist] glared.
“Not yet.”
“But soon. You asked Peclir Im about travelling. What’s all this for?”
The Titan hunched his shoulders.
“It’s just a short trip. And if I can ensure that our company is prepared in the meanwhile—I can accelerate the training of a few of my students, reach out to some of our old graduates and other companies.”
“Make the company stronger so you can leave it? Hmm.”
“Just for a little trip. But you know it’s best to be prepared…”
Niers trailed off. Foliana eyed him.
“Mm. Where will you go?”
“That’s—”
“Bet it’s Izril. Bet it’s Liscor.”
“Shut up. And keep that to yourself.”
“You really want to visit, don’t you?”
Niers ignored her. He stared at the list of figures, speaking to himself.
“Just a little bit. And then I’ll be ready.”
Foliana watched him work. She vanished after a while. Niers didn’t know if she’d left or was just hiding. He stared at the numbers, and then glanced at something to his right.
It had been hard to get the [Diviner] to capture a single image from the scrying orb, even with these ‘movies’ that Wistram was selling. But it had been done. And now Niers had an image on his desk. It was somewhat blurred by distance. And you couldn’t make out features. But it was nevertheless an image of her. Niers stared at the young woman waving the flag. He stopped work and stared at it.
“Was that you?”
The figure didn’t answer. But Niers didn’t care. He wanted to know. And soon—soonish—he might find out. He just had to work in the meanwhile. Soon, some day—
 
—-
 
“It was her.”
In another part of the world, a pair of crowned heads conferred. A loyal servant of the throne waited. The voices were regal, by virtue of station if nothing else. They argued.
She was of the opinion that it could be a mistake, or worse, a trap. He was of a different mind.
“It was her. You saw it.”
“I did.”
Both stared at the pool in front of them. Unlike a scrying mirror, the pool was enchanted water. It had reflected the battle at Liscor for its interested audience up till now. It was really more of entertainment than anything else. They had no stakes in the fate of Izril, directly or otherwise. This had been a pleasant diversion. Or it had been right up until they’d seen her.
Possibly no one else had noticed. After all, she hadn’t been on screen long. And she was certainly not part of the larger narrative. But to them, she had stood out. As the half-Elf casting the scrying spell had been watching, before the battle had started, they had seen her.
For a second the young woman had been in sight. Climbing up the walls, carrying a little white Gnoll. It was uncharacteristic of her, as was her humble attire. But her face, her voice—that was unmistakable.
“Make sure it’s her first.”
The man with the crown spoke sharply to the waiting servant of the throne. The man bowed, crisply.
“I will make the arrangements, your Majesty.”
“Good. Bring her back. Her kingdom has need of her.”
The man stared into the enchanted pool. Her image was gone. But Lyonette du Marquin still stared back up at her father. He sat back on his throne. Wondering where she had been.
 
—-
 
A different [King] sat on a different throne. His was far grander. And his name was far more important. As monarchs went, he was known throughout the world. Derided perhaps, but known.
