Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 40
Erin Solstice froze mid-shout. She saw, behind her inn, across the Floodplains—
The grass moved. The fake nests collapsed. Black shapes boiled out of the holes. Not hundreds. Not thousands. Not tens of thousands.
Shield Spiders. The [Innkeeper] turned white as the innocent Floodplains, green and lush, turned into a sea of spiders. They popped out of the ground where they had been hidden, an infestation out of sight. The holes in the grassy hills and valleys were like gaping wounds in green skin, divulging the foul nests.
On the walls, Watch Captain Zevara saw a flood of Shield Spiders even greater than the one in the dungeon coming at the walls. Her mouth went dry. She croaked.
“Sound—sound the—”
The Shield Spiders rolled across the plains in a fury. Some were as large as cars. Few were the size of those in the dungeon, but they were everywhere.
“Inside the inn! Get in the garden—now!”
Erin was the first to break the shocked silence. She screamed and pointed. People ran. The [Mages] and warriors stayed.
“That damned [Druid]! I’ll kill him! Erin—inside! We need barriers, Montressa! We’ll have to blast them! Grand Magus!”
Bezale roared. The other [Mages] were running, shouting at each other to erect walls, cast [Fireball] spells—
Teriarch didn’t move. He looked up at the roof. Then at Xrn. The Centenium had raised her staff. But she was waiting on Teriarch. The two locked gazes.
“Leave him. This is his duty.”
That was all the half-Elf said. He turned back and walked into the inn. Erin stared at his back. Leave him? Who—
From the roof of the inn, Nalthaliarstrelous leapt. Impossibly far, soaring through the air like Grimalkin had done when the Wyverns attacked. He landed on a distant hill and strode forwards, robes fluttering. And the Shield Spiders converged on him.
They ignored the inn. They ignored the [Mages], the walls of Liscor where horns were blaring. They cared only for one person.
The [Druid]. 
He waited until the first wave was nearly on him and then struck the ground with his staff. Erin saw him raise his arms.
The Shield Spiders racing up a valley between two hills had one second of warning. Then the two distant hills rolled towards each other. The dirt and soil merged—and the Shield Spiders were buried.
“What?”
The [Innkeeper] saw Nalthaliarstrelous stride forwards onto the bare land. Shield Spiders came at him. He struck the ground again—and it turned to mud. The spiders sank into the mud, suffocating, struggling. The [Druid] spun his staff. The earth opened and a rift sucked thousands more into it. It snapped closed. The soil crushed the Shield Spiders, smashing them to bits.
“Dead gods. What level is that [Druid]?”
Zevara snapped, command scrolls in her claws. She saw the [Druid] whirl. This time earthen spires shot out of the ground, impaling the Shield Spiders in a huge radius around him.
“He’s funneling all of them at him. It’s all area-spells.”
Grimalkin had leapt onto the roof. A [Siege Fireball] burned in one claw. He saw Nalthaliarstrelous spin. He ran down the hill and the entire hill turned into an earthen avalanche that buried another wave.
“Geomancer. He’s not bad. I could still beat him. But this is the best of their kind. Watch him. This is who you will fight.”
Xrn remarked to Belgrade. The [Tactician] turned to her, shaking.
Nalthaliarstrelous made a hole in the world. Spiders poured into it. The sinkhole opened deeper, deeper as he stood on a small ledge, a small pillar. And then the soil moved back together.
“He’s taken magic from the inn. But he’s running out. Those are too many spells.”
