Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 39
He had accepted the Minotaur King’s personal apology with assurances he understood. It was their legacy that had broken there. He would collect what there was to buy and leave, though the journey would doubtless cost him a small fortune with how many ships he’d brought.
The memories of their people were ruined. But few Minotaurs had died.
It could have been worse. And, as Izikere pointed out as the Goblins did their retrospective, it would have been worse if Prince Khedal had died.
She punctuated her points by hitting him on the head. Or rather, trying to. Or rather, three trees in the grove they were sitting in kept leaning down and trying to whack him with their branches.
He refused to let them touch his skin. Greydath slapped a branch off a tree, and the thunderous crack as wood sprayed everywhere made the other trees withdraw. Izikere glowered harder, and the tree branch began to regrow.
That was her talent. She sat cross-legged, once again almost immobile. She spoke—but she had no need to fidget or move more than her mouth. A bunch of sparrows, some magical, were balanced on her head and shoulders, but they flew off when Greydath glared.
It was the most animated Izikere had ever been, and the other Goblins regarded her with a kind of awe. As if the mountain you’d been walking past all your life asked how you were doing and if that were really the shirt you wanted to wear for your date today.
Greydath, by contrast, was more annoyed than he had been on Izril. And if the Goblins of the island treated Izikere with reverence—he, they avoided.
The Goblin Lord of Blades was eating from a huge bowl of eel. Giant, oversized eels—big cuts of them marinated in the Goblins’ hand-made sauce. Oysters, sweetberries for the sugar, a local bean…
They had more than most tribes could dream of. Greydath spoke irritably.
“This place hasn’t changed in what, sixty years?”
“I don’t count time. You were here when the last Minotaur King was alive. This one is dangerous, isn’t she? When she was younger, her axes would strike the island every year.”
He grunted in disdain.
“She caught me off-guard.”
As mentioned, the Goblins spoke with the flowing nuance and grammar unknown to most Goblins. Their language was complete.
No, not even complete—it was finished. The crude way Goblins expressed things vocally was always made up for by their rich body language. When Greydath spoke to Izikere, they were combining both body language and verbal.
She did not move, but the patterns of moss changed on her body and even grew to copy the way he spoke. For instance, when Greydath commented about the island not changing, he had stuck one leg out and tapped a big toe against the ground.
Derisively. As one would use punctuation to emphasize a point. Similarly, when talking about Izikere, the moss on the [Shaman]’s hands moved like pattering rain.
At any rate, Greydath was still annoyed by the interrupted battle. He had done a quick tour of the island and seen something different than Khedal.
“The island is nearly overfull. You must be fishing nonstop to feed them.”
“They will leave, soon.”
Greydath picked up a cup of tea and gulped it down.
“The Minotaurs didn’t get all the ships? They sank at least eight.”
“We have enough to send them forth. This time—they will all go together.”
The male Goblin stopped, a pair of chopsticks expertly holding a piece of eel. He glanced up. That was big news.
The Goblin ships that reinforced tribes on other continents were one thing. It was a perilous journey, but they used stealth. Izikere intended to do the opposite this time.
