Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 25
Kevin began. He didn’t know what to say. The Troll didn’t introduce herself. Nor did she move as Taganchiel stepped forwards with Somo.
“I am Taganchiel, [Shaman] of the Flooded Waters Tribe and Goblinhome. My [Great Chieftain], Rags, will thank you. Trolls are mighty and helpful.”
She gave the Goblin [Shaman] a long look. The Troll Drummer-Queen—she had quite liked the appellation and given Kevin a drumroll of approval—played a staccato beat as she seemed to ponder his words. Then she actually stopped playing, reached to one side, and picked up a bowl of liquid. She drank.
…Not a good sign. She didn’t even deign to answer Taganchiel. The [Shaman] waited, a bit confused.
“Great Troll Queen. You gave aid. We are from a mighty tribe. We will reward help if you offer it. We ask in the name of Chieftain Rags. May I ask your name?”
“Bleh.”
Bleh the Drummer Queen stuck out her tongue, glaring at the stale water or whatever it was. She stared at Taganchiel. He hesitated.
Was it Bleh or…? She looked past the Goblin [Shaman]. At Somo.
“Goblins.”
It was a one-word dissertation on how she felt about all this. Taganchiel saw her quite deliberately look away.
“Troll Queen…”
Shoo, shoo. She literally flapped her hands at him. Taganchiel hesitated, but two Trolls came forwards. They ushered him back with motions from their weapons. Kevin stared at that, uneasily, but the Troll Queen beckoned him forwards.
“Hmm?”
She didn’t really speak, but she made her wishes clear as she pointed at the smartphone. He tried to explain.
“You were playing music. So I…my name’s Kevin. I have music. On here. Would you like to listen?”
“Kvn. Hmm.”
She tried to say his name. Then approvingly gestured. Kevin hesitated—and began to play a song. Instantly, the Troll Queen picked up the mallets, and began to play along to the beat. She began to nod to the beat of the song, pricking her ears up at the unfamiliar instruments.
The other Trolls did likewise, looking approvingly at Kevin. He found himself standing there, in the amazingly acoustical room, just playing music with the mighty drums playing an accompaniment.
Play more music. Kevin saw a keen-eyed intelligence flick her eyes at him. She smelled like dust and a bit like a cave, but not unpleasant. He sat down and played some songs. And she…just played music.
She vibed, the Troll Queen in this cave below the High Passes, this fortress of old. She played on her drums, then did a solo that shook Kevin’s world. Literally. And that was it.
She just played on the drums. The Trolls sat around, some finding food, others cultivating mushroom patches. A few tried to pawn off shiny rocks with the Goblins and Ogres for their gear.
Bleh the Troll Queen ignored Taganchiel, Poisonbite, and Somo completely. She barely had interest in Kevin relaying their questions.
“Will you help, Drummer-Queen? We’re trying to find our Chieftain and she had a great [Healer]. We—the Goblin tribe—can pay you. In gold, potions, magic items?”
The Drummer gave Kevin an amused look. Healer? The last group to need the Healer of Tenbault chuckled as they sat, listening to a rock song. Kevin looked at Taganchiel.
“Money? Food? Artifacts? We could use help.”
The Drummer rolled her eyes. At last she spoke, with a rumble of annoyance for having to negotiate when she could be listening to music.
“Help? You not dead. Humans gone. Helped.”
She stared pointedly at Poisonbite and the others. The Goblin eyed the Trolls.
“Give warriors? Show ways through mountain? Fight with—”
“No.”
