Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 20
The problem was that Soot felt like Bearclaw was a big fish. Bigger than he was, certainly. But she still came from a lake. Liscor was a pond, a puddle. But some things swam in the sea.
 
—-
 
The Wandering Inn put a smile on Relc’s face. It always did. He liked it here.
“Hey! It’s me! Did anyone miss me?”
He shouted into the common room as he entered. It was one of his lines and unlike some pubs or bars where they’d groan and put away the expensive breakables, here he got a smile.
“Relc!”
Erin Solstice looked up from a table where she was sitting with Ryoka. Relc grinned and walked over to her. It was a good day, a great day. Money jingled in his coin pouch and he was in the mood to eat, drink, watch plays…
He was so glad he’d been allowed back here. The Drake could remember the time he’d been banned. Actually—he remembered that Relc. The one who’d killed some Goblins because of course he did.
Strange. He felt guilty about it now. Even though he’d killed more Goblins than he could count in war. But…
The Drake passed by a table where a Hobgoblin was drinking and sharing lunch with Bird. They were both having a chicken. Relc paused and nodded.
“Hey, Numbtongue.”
“Hey.”
The [Bard] grunted back. Relc extended a fist and the Hobgoblin touched it with his. Just that. But Relc grinned and walked past him. He’d made an effort, again.
He still felt guilty. It was—so hard to wrap his mind around. Goblins. The same ones who were monsters in Liscor’s army’s handbook. In his. They’d killed his parents. They were monsters.
Except some of them weren’t. He’d been so angry at Erin, a long time ago, it felt. But he’d changed. The Drake walked on. He’d had to change. Erin had helped him with that. He owed her a lot.
As Relc walked, waving at people, at Menolit, who was a fellow ex-[Soldier], slapping Ishkr’s shoulder and nearly making the Gnoll lose control of his tray—he passed by Lyonette and Pawn. The [Princess] was sitting with the Antinium.
“Pawn, here’s some food. Are you…okay?”
Lyonette stared at Pawn anxiously. The Antinium looked at her.
“Hello…I am Pawn. But you know this. Hello, Lyonette.”
“Hello, Pawn. I think you had too much of that stuff Palt gave you. Here. Eat food. He said that helps.”
Lyonette worriedly offered Pawn some of Garry’s special acidfly-bread. The Antinium nibbled at it and then looked around.
“I feel good. Is this…what Heaven feels like? Whee…I feel as though I am flying…”
He waved his arms lethargically. Bird looked around instantly. Lyonette sighed. But she felt fairly mellow too.
Relc just grinned. He saw dreamleaf’s effects on Pawn—heck, he could smell it coming off Lyonette from the times he’d had to confiscate the stuff. And he didn’t care.
There was being a [Guardsman] like Klbkch did it, and being a [Guard]. You had to let things slide for friends. Relc understood that. He followed the law. But you could…finagle things. Like a wire puzzle. He waved at Erin as she smiled at him.
“Hey Erin, what’s happening?”
“Relc! Well—it’s been sort of a quiet day. I was just chatting with Palt about this thing—come on, sit down. Do you want anything to eat?”
“I haven’t eaten much today. What do you have?”
“Uh—uh—howzabout some stir-fry rice stuff? Ryoka made it.”
“Because you had rice, Erin. I need to take some with me when I go north.”
Ryoka Griffin was sitting with Mrsha. The Gnoll was happily noshing on the rice dish Ryoka had insisted on making upon discovering that rice existed and that Erin had acquired some through Palt and Lasica. Ryoka fed Mrsha another spoonful as Relc brightened.
