Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 13
“Is there a Heaven, Hunter Bird?”
“I do not know. Ask Pawn. Or Yellow Splatters. He has been there. So probably?”
“Is Heaven nice?”
“I do not know. I do not care.”
The Workers thought on this. They were not ordinary Workers, with no names. But neither were they Painted. They looked up at Bird. And at last, one asked a question they often asked.
“What is good, Bird?”
The Worker thought about this. And each time his answer was different. Mainly because he forgot all the other answers. After a while, he spoke.
“Good is a feeling. Good is not happy. Happy lasts a short time. Good feels good even when happy is gone.”
They thought about this. After a while, one raised a hand.
“What is happy, Bird?”
The Worker sighed. He wondered when they’d stop asking him questions. But this was alright.
 
—-
 
And then the important guest entered the inn. At first, Montressa and Bezale didn’t notice.
The two Wistram [Mages] sat together, having a meal at a table. Beza poked her deflating soufflé with a dubious expression. Montressa was halfway through hers.
“Beza. Have you been thinking what I’ve been thinking?”
“I doubt it, Montressa.”
The [Aegiscaster] sighed. Beza was…difficult. As bad as Ulinde, who wouldn’t sit still for five minutes, or Isceil, who had been rather arrogant and grating, or Palt who enjoyed being difficult, or…[Mages] were hard in general. They tended towards unique personalities.
“Master Hedault has a meeting scheduled with Miss Solstice. Today.”
“And?”
The Minotauress dug into her meal at last. Montressa exhaled.
“…I think she forgot. Even Miss Maviola. What with the riots and all. Neither one’s come down from whatever they’re doing upstairs.”
The [Spellscribe] raised one eyebrow.
“I see. That’s rather unfortunate. Master Hedault is known to be extremely punctual.”
“I know. But what if—hear me out, Beza—what if we reminded Erin?”
“…Sensible?”
The Minotauress gave Montressa a blank look. The [Aegiscaster] waved a hand; she’d taken too large a bite.
“Sorry. We reminded her and offered to go in her place? Or—or even got Master Hedault to come here?”
Her companion gave her an odd look. Beza was still a bit sweaty; she’d been working out with Grimalkin’s weights, having developed something of a compulsion in that regard. She rolled her shoulders.
“Why?”
“Because Master Hedault is one of the best [Enchanters] in the region. Because Erin would think more kindly of us if she did.”
“If you’re expecting her to throw Palt under the wagon for us—”
“Not at all. And I’m not asking for help with the Earthers. Beza, think about it. If we flatter Master Hedault, and we can do that—he’ll remember us. Right?”
“…So?”
“Master Hedault. The best [Enchanter]. You’re a [Spellscribe]. Your classes are related.”
“Hmf. True. It would be good to learn from him, but he’d never teach anyone.”
“That’s not the point. Master Hedault will probably want to come to the inn anyways, once he hears Master Pelt is now close enough to have his works enchanted. Right?”
Slowly, Bezale raised one thick eyebrow.
“Aha. And Master Smith Pelt is one of the best [Blacksmiths] in the region.”
“Pallass will certainly want his works, even if he’s not based in the city. Which is convenient because we happen to be close to Pallass.”
The Minotauress flicked a finger and blasted a fly out of the air with a little gust of wind.
“And Invrisil.”
“And Celum.”
“And a number of [Lords] are now seeking Erin for trade rights. You know, Beza. I was a secretbroker back in Wistram.”
“I’m quite aware, Montressa. But I see your point. You had connections.”
