Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 31
“I am extremely disappointed in you all, gentlemen.”
Two backed away. The ones standing watch turned their heads and jerked away. One took five steps.
No one on the street noticed. After ten minutes, Wilovan came strolling out the alleyway. He adjusted his hat as he placed it on his head. He was humming, under his breath. A children’s song.
 
“The night’s been long and the bodies are wet, 
But don’t you fret; be quick and ain’t not a guard who’ll be upset.”
 
In The Wandering Inn, Ratici stood by the door. He opened it for Erin Solstice as she hurried through.
“Miss.”
“Thanks, uh—”
“Ratici, Miss. A pleasure indeed.”
Erin smiled at him. Then she ran off, to look for Ryoka and Relc. The [Gentleman Thief] closed the door, as politely as could be. Then he looked at the other gang.
“I believe we have an understanding, as it were, gentlemen?”
They nodded, palely. One of them had known who Ratici was. In that sense, they were smarter. They filed out the door as Ratici pointed.
“I trust your good man, Mr. Soot will take the warning. Some things are below even criminality, sirs.”
Of course. Absolutely. They filed out the door. Disarmed, as it were. They hadn’t even noticed him plucking their weapons out of their very hands. The Drake leaned against the door. Humming the same song that Wilovan sang under his breath.
 
“The good folk are rising, and we’re off to our beds.
 The smart thieves away with the loot and the slow ones are dead.”
 
The Gentlemen Callers agreed on one thing with the Elusive Lot, although they didn’t work together. There was good business and bad business. A man had to have standards. Or he was no gentleman. But they had not interfered with Bearclaw. She hadn’t gone after Erin or the child.
She had gone after Relc.
 
—-
 
He knew the steel claws were poisoned when they raked across his face. He knew Bearclaw had a Skill because they opened up his scales and flesh.
[Iron Scales]. [Thick Skin]. Relc turned as the Gnoll woman charged him, slashing. His spear blocked a sword-thrust, dissipated a beam of black energy coming at him from the side.
He kicked Bearclaw off him. She was big—but Relc was strong. He struck.
[Triple Thrust]. He said nothing in the shouting clash of steel that was one sound in the street. He could hear nothing above the roaring in his head.
Three strikes. Two sank into Bearclaw, stomach and shoulder. Deep. But she was too big. That damn fur was like armor. No wonder she’d killed the others. High-level. Above 30—
The third spear went through a Drake’s chest. He blinked and fell over. Relc felt a stab to his back.
Dagger. He spun. The Drake blinked at the dagger that had gone only partway through Relc’s side.
[Pierce Thrust]. The blow went through the Drake’s leather-coated stomach and into the Gnoll behind him. Both cried out. Relc wrenched the spear free. He should have used it on Bearclaw. But she was retreating, howling with fury and healing up. That was the problem.
If he had someone to watch his back he’d have ended her. But they were around him. As Relc kicked the dying Drake off his spear, he saw a flash.
[Whirlwind Dodge]. The Drake moved around the spell and it struck the other attackers. He pulled his spear out. How many Skills did he have left? Two. He used neither as he changed his grip on the spear.
The Gnoll with the wand probably thought he was out of reach. Eight feet away? But Relc tossed the spear as he extended one claw and took a step, caught it by the very end. He stared into a mess of a face and pulled the spear back.
