Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 13
They stared back. They were about eight feet tall, to allow for them in the hallways of the Magus-Crafter’s estate. These ones were standard, in that they resembled giant suits of armor. They’d be animated, and fight with sword and shield, or mace and shield, or…
They were ordered to keep Nsiia safe. Nothing more. They didn’t stop her as she walked around them and this pair exclusively guarded her rooms. She narrowed her eyes as they stood there.
They appeared to be motionless and she had not, in fact, seen them move except when the staff had ordered them to one side so they could dust. However. These Golems would defend her to their end even if no one told them to swing a sword.
She hadn’t made her first Golem do that. She had been forced to tell it to ‘take a step’, raise its right hand, and so on, in minute detail. She couldn’t just say ‘walk over there’ or ‘dig me a hole’.
She was missing instructions and energy. With those two aspects, she’d have a complete Golem, or close enough.
But how to get that knowledge? Nsiia pondered it. Her scavenging of Femithain’s genius had reached its end. She had copied and experimented, but she was just…lost. It was time to seek the knowledge. Today, in fact. So Nsiia turned—and broke out of her prison.
The former [Empress] opened the door to the Magus-Crafter’s estates and turned to one of the squad stationed there.
“Excuse me, Guardsman. I would like to see what the Magus-Crafter is working on.”
The [Guard] on duty saluted.
“Yes, Empress! Er—Miss Nsiia? Your ladyship! Right this way. We’ll arrange a patrol…hey! Give me four Wargolems!”
 
—-
 
Nsiia’s daring escape from her captivity reached Femithain’s ears just a moment before she did.
He was working in one of the state-owned workshops of Demarsel. Two dozen [Golem Artificers] were standing with him, sweating over their masterpiece.
“…Golem’s heart will be the factor, along with our extended combat cycles, Magus-Crafter. Can we leave it to you?”
“Of course. I have both ready—and the perfect catalyst. Ah, Nsiia? The [Guards] told me you wished to see me? I am pressed for time. We must finish this Golem’s calibrations if it is to be complete by the competition.”
“Three days!”
One of the [Golem Artificers] swore. They were Dellva’s best and brightest, collaborating on this joint-project. Even the Magus-Crafter himself had taken time out of his schedule to represent his state.
“This is to be Dellva’s entry into the Golem Fights?”
Nsiia stared up at the glittering domed head made of clear crystal, the huge, armored body coated in some bronze-steel alloy, and especially at the inner workings of the Golem, and the giant glass orb that was sitting on a pedestal, waiting to be added.
“Nsiia. They are not ‘Golem Fights’. The proper name is ‘the Test of Mirrhen’.”
“Mhm. Golem fights. I should quite like to see them. I have seen [Gladiators] battling, but this should be even more interesting.”
“It’s not an arena! It’s a test of workmanship, design—”
One of the [Golem Artificers] was incensed. Femithain knew Nsiia was teasing them and held up a hand.
“Crafter Se, please finish the Golem’s legs.”
“As you will, Magus-Crafter. And if another apprentice slips and ruins our command spells, I will see to it they never touch a brush again!”
The [Golem Artificer] stalked off, to the fear of her apprentices. Nsiia saw Femithain turn back to the Golem.
“Does it have a name?”
“We are calling it—er—Domehead.”
