Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 12
The four [Strategists] shared a hearty laugh. Some of the passing [Sailors] looked sideways at them, but the other four species nodded at each other. Merrik sobered. But then he smiled, suddenly.
“True, we don’t invite war because it’s dangerous. But there’s another reason for it. We don’t get attacked because Dwarfhome has never been taken once.”
He folded his arms. The other [Strategists] glanced at him. It was the kind of statement that invited instant ridicule for anyone in the Titan’s classes.
“What, never? You’re pulling gold out of your ass, Merrik. Don’t give me that look, Peki, that’s how the saying goes.”
Venaz snorted incredulously. Merrik’s eyes twinkled.
“I’m not. You can debate it as much as you want, but that’s not a false claim. Not. Ever. We’ve surrendered, but no one’s ever breached Dwarfhome by force of arms.”
“What about surrender via attrition? Starvation?”
“Nope. Surrendered because we didn’t want a bloodbath. But never starved to death. And even when we endured decades-long sieges—they stormed us and never got through. Not. Once. Top that? Not a bad reason to visit, eh?”
The Dwarf leaned back, looking satisfied. It was a challenge. The other [Strategists] glanced at each other.
“Not bad. But Minos is a paradise. Almost no crime—safety—[Warriors] who have reached a martial peak. I know Peki speaks of Pomle, but the reason I left was that Minos was too safe for me. Being a [Strategist] is my ticket to joining our mercenary forces. And that is an honor. Only the best of Minos get to go. Did I mention I beat the [Prince] to earn the honor?”
“Only every other day, Venaz. But if Minos is so perfect, why don’t more people join? Or why don’t the islands expand?”
Yerranola strolled back over. She made a face as the others looked at her.
“Diving isn’t going well. Looks like another wreck.”
“Damn.”
Venaz swore. The others groaned and put their heads down. Venaz covered his eyes and looked up.
“No one tell Wil this, but I think he should have insisted the Professor give him whatever answer he wanted for his family. Why don’t we expand, Yerra? The House of the Minos was one of the last gigantic empires. Our Kings still remember. They decree we will not be so dishonorable again.”
“Ah. Good [Kings]?”
“The best. Our King is wise—a seasoned warrior—we may pass by the House of Minos. If we do, I can arrange shore leave for all of you. Perhaps even an audience. She’s quite generous. And the very font of honor.”
“She?”
Before Venaz could explain about the female King of Minotaurs, Peki spoke up suddenly.
“Pomle is great. We don’t have [Kings]. We fought to get free.”
“Peki! Is that national pride I hear?”
Merrik chortled. The Garuda looked around defiantly.
“Pomle is strong. A hundred Pomle warriors once held off an army of a hundred thousand.”
“Ah, but that was when it was founded. Can they still do that?”
“Yes.”
The Garuda made the others pause. Merrik was pursing his lips and the others were, despite themselves, looking forwards to a good debate. But then it was Feshi’s turn to sigh.
“I miss home. When we get to Izril, I’ll take you to my clan, along with Venaz’s nation. The Weatherfur clan isn’t the biggest clan—well, we’re pretty big. And powerful.”
She didn’t sound very modest because she wasn’t being. The others looked at her, curious.
“I have to admit, I’m not up on Gnoll clans, Feshi. What makes the Weatherfur one unique?”
Merrik stroked his beard. Feshi smiled. She indicated her colored fur.
