Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 41
Soldiers. Officers, perhaps family or civilians. There were no names. He might not have known all the names. But the Dullahan knew one thing:
He knew the statues he saw in the falling snow. So he carved them. Each and every head, and placed them here.
They stared down at Drassi and Maughin and the audience, smiling, frowning, weeping—silent in judgment. So this was what the great [General] of the Iron Vanguard had done.
“…Beautiful.”
Tulm the Mithril wondered if Maughin said it. That was what the [Strategist] thought. The perfect example of a hero. Tulm had been…afraid. Very afraid of what they might find. A [General]’s confession. Some sin to make the Iron Vanguard tremble.
Maughin was overcome with emotion as he knelt there. He understood, like Drassi’s audience, what this meant. The effort of a Dullahan who had so little time to himself.
Drassi broke the silence after a long time. Her voice echoed slightly in the vast chamber.
“I think…I think I don’t have the words for this. Nor do I feel like we should intrude any further. I will ask Maughin what he would like to say—but this was the [Garden of Sanctuary] the great General Dolost resided in. Now, it is a memorial.”
“It should be seen by my people.”
Maughin whispered. Drassi tried to help him up, and he rose mostly of his own power. She shook her head slightly.
“It was bequeathed to the current owner for a reason. I’m sure—she’ll be respectful, Maughin. But it is hers.”
Erin Solstice’s. Tulm had not missed those books. Maughin shook his head.
“One more moment. Please…”
He looked at the walls of heads. Now that the camera swung around, you could see the way the room was laid out. The heads looking down from each side—the far wall had a banner, tattered by battle. A kind of altar to make the heads at. A workshop.
It would scare a little Gnoll or most species to death. Which was why Drassi had been so unnerved at first. But it was a Dullahan place, and it meant something to them.
This…let no one touch this, at least. Maughin looked back one last time, and they turned. Dolost’s memorial kept burning in the darkness as, quietly, Drassi led the group back out of the keep and gave a little speech with Maughin before leaving the [Garden of Sanctuary].
She closed the door behind her, and the snow was already piling back up. Not that anyone could get into the garden without Erin’s permission. That was their one look into the garden.
When the keep’s door was closed, there was a finite amount of air in the keep. And darkness—oh, lots of darkness. But it beat letting more snow in like the poor library.
A hand slowly closed the window at last. The falling snow reburied the keep, but a footstep echoed overloud in the keep.
From the inside. A figure turned to the closed door. It was well that Drassi and Maughin hadn’t tried to go to the first floor. Or else something would have to be done.
The other hand lifted something, and a light illuminated the dark keep. It glowed pink and blue, the flames twining together in the lantern the [Innkeeper] held. She exhaled, then returned to the door leading to her inn. She inhaled; the fresh air was welcome in the keep.
Slowly, the [Innkeeper] descended to the second floor. She shivered, as she had the first time she had seen Dolost’s memorial. She understood—but it was not how she had done it.
Her door followed her down.
It led out of her room, and no one knew she was using it. It was late, and she had gone for a lie down. Nor did they realize that she could make the door appear wherever she wanted, wherever there was a wall.
