Interlude – The [Rower] and the [Bartender]
Page 0

(Trigger Warning. Click here for details.)
 
“You should have taken my hand.”
He heard it again. Again, and again as he fell.
Sinking into the depths. Something denser, deeper, darker than the waters engulfing him.
Things in the murk, tugging at him. Whispering.
On the Summer Solstice, Luan Khumalo met a stranger. He was offered a choice.
He refused.
The [Rower] from Earth, the Olympian, saw the flash of fire again. He heard his own voice, a scream. Burning followed by the cold embrace of liquid.
And darkness. Until only the voice remained.
A petulant ___, enacting vengeance. Luan struggled, but he was sinking deeper. And he was not alone.
Shadows circled him. They swam around his mouth, his nose, wriggling. Trying to get in. Speaking in tongues he could not hear. Frustrated, they dragged him further down.
This was death. He knew that. And death would be a kinder thing than being lost, consumed by the half-things, little reflections of what the man had been. They were the same. But where the stranger had been…intact…they were only fragments.
They terrified him, even so. So he did not breathe. For a little while, he waited to drown.
And then he realized he did not need to breathe. Because there was not only a lack of air here, there was a lack of need for it. Whatever surrounded him was made of the same thing as the Summer Solstice.
A time out of time. So he had hope. But he was still…
…falling…
The further down he went, the stronger they became. They were trying to burrow under his skin. He struggled, keeping them away from him. But his motions faded. His limbs grew weak.
There was no point to his strength. The body he had built out of hard work, his knowledge, acquired over countless years of practice, his ambitions, levels, Skills, all of it…was worthless.
He was vanishing down here. They all were. Luan realized it. That was why they wanted him. This was oblivion for everything.
But he was vanishing so much faster than they were. Luan looked up and had not the strength to climb. There was not even a single shaft of sunlight.
—Still, there was one last flash of color. Something followed him into the depths.
A flicker of gold.
He saw it shining as he stopped moving. His eyes fixed on the words. And there were only two.
 
Nandi, Lubanzi
 
Written on his arm. The man stared at it. And he remembered.
He had met her while training and dismissed her as someone who was chasing fame. After all, she had never so much as picked up a set of oars. She had no idea what sculling was, so he had thought she was disingenuous.
When they suggested joining him in kayaks, he had played along right until he lost his patience with his team flirting. He had set them onto a long trip, far longer than amateurs could handle.
Sure enough, everyone else had fallen away, giving up. But when he’d looked back, there she’d been. Determinedly paddling after him.
She followed him even here. He looked at her name. She would have jumped after him, like the time he had accidentally struck his head and been drowning, underwater, disoriented, having flipped over.
Two names. Dimly, the man heard a voice. It was his own. Coming to a slow conclusion.
 
I never got to hold my son before I left.
 
He hadn’t known. If he had…he’d been in the airport, heading back after an overseas training trip with his team. The South African hopefuls for the Olympics.
When he had come to the other world, he’d forgotten them both. Forgotten, as if war or the shock of another world was an excuse.
Never again. Luan stared at the glowing, magical ink of the tattoo on his arm. Lubanzi.
 
