Interlude – Queens and Dragons
Page 18
This time she moved black stones. Arranging the pieces to form a…line below the first one. Like a primitive message board. Or some kind of alternative messaging system. No, that was exactly what it was. Erin placed the pieces. Stepped back. Her new message was longer, but abbreviated out of necessity; the Go board wasn’t exactly easy to spell on.
She hesitated as she looked at her response. But it was the only one she could give. What could you say, to someone you’d never met? Yet—one that Erin knew, through the game. She knew what the boards must cost, knew…but her message was still simple. Honest.
 
wnt to b frnds?
 
She looked at the pieces. That was all. Somewhere, someone was reading it. Erin couldn’t know who, or what they thought. But the reply suddenly came. Erin jumped as white pieces move. Left the board. Then they floated back. She stared, but she read the message before it had finished. A single reply.
 
yes.
 
That was it. Erin sighed. And then she smiled. And somewhere, she thought, someone was smiling as well. She saw the white pieces tremble. And then move.
The board cleared itself. Black stones floated back into the container. So did white stones. Then, gently, a single black stone was selected. It appeared on the same spot Erin had placed it to begin with. 4-4, upper left corner. Then a white stone floated to face it diagonally.
A game. It was a message, as much as anything else. And Erin saw her chess board waiting. She looked at both. Some things never changed, or if they did, it was subtly, slowly.
Erin Solstice smiled, as her inn relaxed. Normality. She looked at the chess board, the go board. And then she flicked both stones off the board.
“Not yet.”
Erin Solstice dragged the chess board over. She knocked the chess pieces off it. And then she laid chess pieces on the chess board, sideways. And the Go stones clattered onto their board. Black, for Erin. Spelling messages across both surfaces. Creating words.
 
nce 2 meet u! I lke chss. hv u plyed 6-way chss?
 
She couldn’t know how fast the other person read. But she knew they were there. So Erin spelled and destroyed her messages, trusting that her opponent had read them.
 
evr plyed Shogi? hw abt Tafl? cn teach!
 
Erin Solstice waited. And then, shakily, someone replied. She watched as a message came back, across the world. And Erin smiled as she began writing, and the people downstairs wondered if they’d told too many Human jokes. But it was fine.
When the world moved, it danced.
 

