Interlude – Blackmage
Page 11
Some centaurs were sitting at a table to the left, but the one he was moving towards was occupied by a pair of students. A Human woman talking with a Dullahan.  The Dullahan had dark metal armor and her head was sitting on the table, alternately talking and munching on food. Both [Mages] looked up as Blackmage approached, a smile on his face.
“Hi there. Mind if I sit?”
“Yes.”
Beatrice looked up flatly and Montressa du Valeros, also known as Mons to her friends, looked up as the young man approached. Neither one was happy to see him. Interested males of any species were not whom Montressa wanted to share her table with. She saw the young man, younger than she was by a few years, hesitate.
“Uh—”
“This table is occupied. By us. Get lost.”
Beatrice was a Dullahan. Her dark, polished metal arms turned her head so she could glare at the young [Mage]. She was not hospitable to begin with and especially not at dinner. Montressa saw the young man gulp.
“It’s just that I was actually hoping to do business.”
Oh dead gods. Montressa tried not to roll her eyes. He had to be a first-year, fresh off the boats. Only a first year would be so blatant about wanting to sell or buy secrets. She was about to advise him to get lost and try Beatrice at another time or get blacklisted when she took a second look at his face.
“Wait a second. Beatrice. That’s him.”
Beatrice paused. She looked like she’d been about to draw a Rune of Pain on her napkin and throw it at the young man’s face. But as she frowned at the young man she recognized him as well. The strange young man who’d appeared in Wistram. The one called—Montressa tried not to laugh—Blackmage.
“Ah.”
The Dullahan glanced around. So did Montressa. Then they moved over.
“Alright, sit. And keep your head down.”
Blackmage sank into one of the padded benches next to Montressa. He seemed nervous as Beatrice put her head on her shoulders and secured it in place. He didn’t look like he was used to seeing Dullahans. Montressa filed that information away. She inspected him from head to toe. So this was the strange newcomer who was attracting so much attention. Rumor had it that he was taking lessons from Archmage Feor. Personally. She didn’t see what made him so attractive. Her sense of him as a [Mage] put him at Level 20. At best.
“So what do you want…Blackmage?”
Beatrice stared at the young man. He jumped.
“You know who I am?”
The Dullahan woman rolled her eyes impatiently.
“I’m a secret broker. Of course I know. Little rats know who you are. Speak.”
Blackmage hesitated.
“Alright. I know you buy and sell secrets. And uh, get things for people. You also do services, is that right?”
“I make connections.”
Beatrice’s eyes narrowed. Montressa winced. Her friend’s patience was getting dangerously thin. Beatrice had never managed to acquire even a shred of Calvaron’s easygoing air, for all she had inherited his network of connections after he had…passed. That people still came to her was because she had a lot of influence, not because she was easy to work with.
Perhaps Blackmage realized he was stretching her patience, because he went on quickly. He kept looking around. Montressa rolled her eyes again as she cast several ward spells to hide their conversation.
“The thing is, I have a secret to sell. And I need something done. There’s this half-Elf who follows me around all the time.”
“Mage Teura. Part of the Centrist faction. Feor’s group. Say things outright or you can go.”
“Uh.”
