Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 37
Not blazing. Erin’s fire was the one that shone in this inn, and two flames only distracted the eye. Maviola was a dull glow besides Erin. She didn’t need to steal the stage like an [Actor] or Magnolia. She knew the value of warmth.
“Hello. Mind if I have a seat?”
A Drake looked up from his half-drunken stupor. Olesm was kicking himself. He’d tried to apologize and talk to Erin as she passed by his table, but she was busy. He blearily looked at Maviola.
“Huh? No. Sure. I mean—have a seat. The table’s open.”
Maviola sat. Olesm tried to drag himself into some semblance of…anything. And he felt warmer, all of a sudden. He blinked as he sobered. The [Lady] looked at him.
“Sorry. I’m new in Liscor. I just came from Invrisil. You were looking depressed, so I couldn’t help but come over.”
“You just…walk over to sad people in bars?”
The young woman laughed. Olesm felt bad about the snippy question. But she smiled and the smile was infectious.
“Why not? Haven’t you tried it? Everyone has a story. Also—I may have heard you were the [Strategist] of Liscor. A lot’s happened, hasn’t it?”
“That’s an understatement. Yes, I’m Olesm Swifttail, nice to meet you. I was hoping to play some chess with the [Innkeeper] here. But I’m something of a pariah these days.”
Maviola nodded, listening. Olesm felt embarrassed, whiny. But something about her reminded him of the old Drake who had raised him before he’d come to Liscor. An openness that didn’t judge. She leaned over.
“Chess? I’ve played a few times. [Strategists] love that game, don’t they?”
“Oh, yes. And Erin’s one of the best in the world.”
Olesm saw Maviola laugh incredulously. He sat up, indignant.
“She is! I can’t even beat her. But—well—”
He looked at Erin, sitting with Saliss. The [Strategist] grimaced. And Maviola followed his gaze.
“Surely someone else can play the game. Speaking of plays—that’s some glorious performance on the stage.”
She indicated the Players of Celum, who’d taken an intermission. The inn shone in Maviola’s eyes. And Olesm perked up. He glanced at the stage—Wesle was shouting.
“And now, a unique performance never played in Liscor—Elisial!”
The crowd went wild. Relc pushed people out of the way as he dragged his daughter to the front row seats. Grev was trying to tell Mrsha and Cade about it as the boy made little magical apparitions come out of his magical box. Mrsha was staring in awe.
Erin was talking to Saliss. Numbtongue had found Octavia with Revi and was talking animatedly about fabrics, which he had an opinion on to both Stitchgirl’s surprise. Or rather, Pyrite did.
Jelaqua, Maughin, and Ulinde had approached Hexel and were exclaiming as the Lamia and his crew brightened to see fellow Balerosians. Kevin was trying to explain peacocks and penguins to Bird, who was buying him drinks.
The inn brightened around Olesm as he came out of his funk. He looked at Maviola. And realized she’d helped him with that. Slowly, the [Strategist] looked around. And there was Belgrade, playing chess with Lyonette as Pawn gave her tips.
Why hadn’t he seen any of this? He was so focused on Erin. But now, the [Lady] laughed.
“I can play chess too. Why don’t we play a game? And you can tell me about Liscor. Do you know—I’ve never visited Liscor? Never gone further than Wales.”
“Really? Well, that’s not surprising. Most Humans don’t go further than Celum. Esthelm’s practically in the middle of nowhere. Besides, you’re quite young…”
Olesm wondered why Maviola laughed so hard at that. But he found himself pulling a chess board over. Absently, he began to play.
