Interlude – Foliana
Page 18
“This is a brothel.”
“Mhm. Babies come from here. Sometimes.”
“Uh—but they won’t be here right now, Lady Foliana. And this—this is a rather—”
Umina trailed off. She was staring around. It wasn’t that this was a seedy part of Elvallian. Far from it. It was rather upscale. And this brothel—because it most certainly was not a daycare—was elaborately decorated. Umina stared up at the frontage. By her side, Wil mouthed the name of the establishment.
“The Scaleless Sight. What does that mean?”
He looked around. Venaz blinked at the sign. Cameral’s face was bright-red and he kept looking around to see if anyone he knew was in sight. Yerranola was just grinning, and so was Kissilt. The Selphid leaned over.
“It means, Wil—”
She whispered in his ear. Venaz bent to listen and jerked back, grunting. Wil turned bright red.
“What? Reall—Yerranola!”
He jerked backwards, flushing. Yerranola just laughed in delight.
“Wil, you’re a treasure! Haven’t you ever been to a proper brothel?”
“No! They’re banned in my kingdom!”
“What?”
“And you’ve never visited one before?”
Even Marian looked incredulous. But Umina, Cameral, and Wil were all turning various shades of red. Venaz glanced over at Marian and Feshi. The Gnoll shook her head too.
“I never wanted to, yes?”
“I’m surprised. Not at you, Feshi, but certainly at Cameral and Umina. You’re all of Baleros.”
“Why does that mean we should be familiar with brothels? Marian, you’ve been to one?”
“Not so loud, Umina. And it’s not strange! Dullahans are the ones who’re strange about sex. It’s perfectly natural! Don’t look at me like that!”
The Centauress turned red. Yerranola nodded.
“That’s right. Everyone else has been there. Right, Venaz?”
She nudged the Minotaur. He paused.
“Well, I’ve never needed to myself. Minos doesn’t have them either.”
“What? You hypocrite! Is it just Marian, Kissilt and me? Then this is a great opportunity!”
The Centauress looked very uncomfortable as the Selphid slung an arm around her shoulder. Venaz tried to clarify as the others looked uncomfortably at each other.
“It’s simply that I haven’t had the need to. I find ample company on my own. Paying for it is demeaning. If you can’t find a suitable partner, then what are you?”
Wil turned even redder and Yerranola smacked Venaz’s arm.
“Don’t be a lout.”
“Wait, you mean—”
The Minotaur looked incredulous. He opened his mouth and Foliana poked him. She was still riding Marian.
“He’s never had sex. [Lords] don’t. Mm. Dullahans wait too. And that one.”
She pointed at Umina. Cameral and Wil both looked like they wanted to sink into the ground. There was an explosive laugh from the side. Kissilt clutched at his sides, guffawing loudly.
“Hah! Really?”
“Damn it, Kissilt! Don’t be a Drake!”
Marian scowled at him. Venaz opened his mouth to retort as well, glanced at Foliana, and hesitated. After a moment, with all the tact he had, he turned away from his classmates and bowed to her.
“Lady Foliana. This is—not a place where babies will be found.”
“They come from here. Sometimes.”
The students looked at each other. Cameral scratched his head. None of them could quite follow Foliana’s logic, but she’d dragged Umina, Marian, and Feshi there. And Yerranola, Venaz, Kissilt, and Cameral had all been walking down the street when Foliana’s group had come across them. They’d followed her and she’d led them here.
