Interlude – Chess and Ships
Page 9
“Peki and Merrik are good for fights. So is Venaz. Feshi, Yerra, and I can pull our weight. I don’t anticipate violence, but…Umina would have been our weakest combatant and she has that new belt.”
“Are you expecting a fight, Wil?”
Venaz’ eyes lit up at the prospect. Wil shook his head, but he was still cautious.
“It’s the ocean. You never know what will come up. And [Pirate] attacks are no joke. Six [Strategists] and [Officers] plus a seasoned crew should deter them, but I wanted to be cautious.”
“Plus, if we pull up a Named-rank artifact, we’ll have to guard it. Smart. Maybe beat up the crew.”
Peki nodded. As always, her comments, few though they were, said what no one was willing to. Wil paused.
“I trust Captain Lasc. But yes, Peki. If that happens we’ll rely on you.”
“Oho. Possible mutinies, treasure, and attacks? I’m glad I came.”
Merrik’s eyes shone. Feshi nodded.
“We won’t let you down, Wil. And I hope to have something more to present to the Meeting of Tribes besides myself.”
The Gnoll looked around. And everyone in the small cabin had the same feeling that had caught Wil’s heart, that the Titan had seen in him.
Adventure.
“The Isles of Minos clash with [Pirates] and Drowned Men all the time. You chose the right second-in-command, Wil.”
Venaz struck a fist to his chest. Instantly, the other [Strategists] glared at him. Yerra threw a pillow at Venaz.
“Second-in-command?”
“That’s right. Like Kallinad, I have experience in naval battles. I’m a trained warrior—”
“And we’re not? That’s it, we’re having this out, Venaz! You’re just a [Strategist] and Peki and I’ve seen battle!”
“I’ve probably seen more than you.”
“Peki, drag him above decks! You can hit him after I break his horns!”
The three were ready to brawl, but Wil shouted them down.
“Enough! Or Captain Lasc will tie you to a rope and drag you behind the ship!”
They quieted down. After a while, Feshi sighed.
“…Why does he have ruby teeth when it’s called the Emerald Signet?”
“Maybe emeralds are more expensive?”
“I bet it’s an irony thing.”
“Did you see the spell-tattoo on his hand? I wonder what it does when he activates it.”
The [Strategists] relaxed. Yerra stood up.
“So, anyone want to watch the scrying orb? How about a game of chess? Go?”
“I’ll play you a game of Go. And put the scrying orb on. I want to see if Belchan falls within the week, or if Medain intervenes and launches a sneak-attack on Reim, as I predicted.”
Venaz heaved himself up. The others headed out and Wil called at their backs.
“We should be nearing the first shipwreck soon. Tomorrow! Get some rest and don’t drink too much!”
They shouted acknowledgements and in good cheer, departed. For a moment, Wil was left alone. He paused, and then closed the door to his room. He put a chair under the handle, and then fished around in his bag of holding. Wil slowly unrolled a piece of paper.
On it, in the Titan’s own, small handwriting, a list had been written. There were less than a dozen entries, but each one was…Wil read in his cabin, his heart pumping with excitement. Not all were long entries, but each had coordinates, dates, and, most glorious of all, speculation. The one they were approaching was halfway down the list.
 
Anonymous cargo for Archmage Zelkyr. The trade ship (unknown) was ambushed by a pack of very hungry Reefeyes. I have no idea what’s down there and the Archmage might have recovered it surreptitiously. Or it might have been a rare resource for him, some quarried stone. Or nothing.
 
