Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 11
“Take us about! Now! We sail for the House of Minos! Send a [Message]! Now!”
The Lizardfolk scrambled to obey. Xenic shouted.
“Fire every single scroll-spell we have! Dump the cargo! All of it!”
The ship turned, shedding inventory as fast as it could. But the Bloodtear Pirates were sailing straight at them. They did not respond to Xenic’s hails. They did not slow. And this?
This was just a diversion. A snack before the main course.
 
—-
 
Thirty minutes later, Captain Xenic slithered into his cabin. He stared down at the blood on his scales. He listened, as his crew surrendered outside the cabin. They had been…
Slaughtered. The survivors might live, if the Bloodtear Pirates didn’t seize the ship. And if they did—they’d still live. As [Slaves].
But not the [Captain]. Someone crashed into the door that Xenic had locked. The Naga looked up.
“I should have known they’d be followed. A costly mistake, that.”
He lay against his map table. Watching blood run onto the precious paper. An odd sight. The Naga slipped.
He was looking for something. His head was fuzzy. But he had a purpose. The [Merchant] had been cheated. Not by Wil. He’d made a business decision—been unprepared for the stakes. He bore Wil no ill-will.
“Funny.”
The Naga chuckled, and then refocused. He was rather bitter about being a small player in this…story. A casualty at the wrong place and the wrong time.
But even he could have one last bite. The door shook as someone cracked the reinforced wood. But Xenic had found it. He idly studied the [Message] scroll. With a flourish, he wrote a few last lines.
“…have been ambushed by the Bloodtear Pirates. In pursuit of The Emerald Signet. Captain Seagrass, hurry, if you intend to reach the ship on time. Yours…”
Xenic signed his name. Then he activated the scroll. It flashed and vanished as the Naga sat back. He was smiling, content, as the first [Pirate] strolled through the door. The Naga rose—
A sword cut through his midsection. The [Captain] of the Bloodtear Pirates turned.
“Loot the ship quickly. We’re returning to the hunt.”
That was all. A small detail on the waves. But it had mattered. The Emerald Signet sailed on, blissfully ignorant of what had happened. More days passed, without crisis or incident.
They were three days from their destination when it happened.
 
—-
 
Shocking Revelations and Sand Gets Everywhere
 
“I can tell you now we’re three days from our destination, Captain Lasc. But we’ll be taking a different route than what we have planned. And I’d like to discuss what will happen when we arrive at the shipwreck. It may be…the [Divers] will recover more than they can immediately haul.”
Wil Kallinad was speaking to Captain Lasc as the man plotted their course across the sea. They were relatively far from any useful landmarks. In the…well, sea. Featureless, at least from the air.
But they were still within range of the House of Minos. Wil pointed to it as Captain Lasc turned.
“Your final destination is yours to keep, Lord Kallinad. I’ll sail wherever you point me. If you want to steer us in circles for a few days, you have my command.”
The man really did seem to be decent and honest. Wil nodded at him, grateful.
“Thank you, Captain. Once we reach the shipwreck I think we’ll know as soon as it’s found. Assuming it’s there. If it is…significant, we may end up calling in the House of Minos for support. Venaz assured me their navy would respond to his call.”
Lasc’s eyebrows rose.
