Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 30
The reply was quick. Almost gentle. He could see her writing each word.
 
Hello, Ser Solstice. Do you like to eat rabbits?
 
His eyes widened. The [Lieutenant] looked purely confused. The Goblin’s fingers trembled.
 
Only as food.
 
“…Is this confirmation?”
“Yes.”
The Ailendamus officer relaxed.
“Ah, well, then.”
He scribbled industriously.
 
Miss Solstice, the fee is a hundred gold pieces, with additional fees for the artifacts under Ser Solstice’s purview at his time of capture. If you are unable to pay the full price, please state so and negotiations may begin.
 
Erin Solstice sat there. Rabbiteater.
Rabbiteater was alive. Far north? He was off the continent! Badarrow had been mistaken. And captured? She looked at the [Mage].
“Do you know where he is?”
“Terandria, Miss Erin. I’m sorry, but it’s too far even if we wanted to tell. And Mage’s Guild policy…”
“Got it. How would I send gold?”
“Um—if you brought it to the Mage’s Guild. Or if the Merchant’s Guild gave us a guarantee—”
The ransoming was new to the Drake [Scribe] as well. Erin nodded slowly. Her pulse raced.
“Understood. Thanks.”
She looked at the scroll again.
“My friend.”
 
—-
 
This was no imagination, but a true story. A moment in time.
“Hufflepuff is—it’s this thing in a story. It just means you’re a hard worker. Y’see, I call you that because you’re not like Badarrow or Numbtongue or…”
“Mm.”
Rabbiteater sat in the kitchen as Erin peeled potatoes. Pebblesnatch was frying them up. The [Innkeeper] was trying to explain to the sad Goblin. Before he was a [Champion]. When the Cave Goblins had been freed. There were a lot of mouths to feed. Erin reached for some salt for the cheesy potato dish.
“Not too much there, Pebblesnatch. We’ll still bake it…look, Rabbiteater. It’s just…”
“I am worst.”
The Goblin nodded. He was no wordsmith like the [Bard]. No brave and emotional fighter like the [Berserker]. Not as skilled as the [Weapon Expert]. Nor a [Sniper].
He was just Rabbiteater. He did not excel. Rather, he could do a lot of what the others could do. A better shot than anyone but Badarrow. Better at hand-to-hand fighting than anyone except Headscratcher.
The reason they were talking was because he’d heard Erin calling him the strange word. Now it made sense. Erin glanced sideways at him.
“It’s not an insult—well, in this story, see, people make fun of them because their talent is ‘hard work’. They’re like…the common crowd. They’re not the smart ones, or the brave ones. Or the jerks.”
“Mhm. Good ordinary Goblin.”
“No.”
Erin tossed a potato peel at him. Rabbiteater caught it, and munched on it. She shook her head.
“It’s not an insult to me. Because…I’m a Hufflepuff, Rabbiteater. Me too.”
He looked at her.
“But you smart. You…are…smart.”
He corrected himself. Erin smiled.
“Not according to the online test. I’m 40% Hufflepuff, 60% Gryffindor. But everyone gets Gryffindor. And really—I’m good at chess. I was talented. But you don’t just ‘win at chess’ because you’re smart. Even the smartest people in the world would lose to someone who played chess and knew the patterns. That’s why I like it. It’s not a game for geniuses. You probably do have an edge if you’re really smart…but it’s like you.”
“Chess?”
“Hard work. And you’re good at so much! That’s why…don’t tell anyone else, but I’m rooting for you more than the others.”
