Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 37
Her body was there. But her mind was part of a whole and thus incomprehensible from the rest. A body was a piece, a vessel of knowledge that was ‘the Twisted Queen’. But the combined mind of four was superior to the parts.
Alas! For a moment, the network of minds spared, as it always did, regret. Because four Queens was such a small number! 
But it was possible with two, or more of the True Antinium, to join together. To share information, understanding across distance. And when a Unistasis Network formed…
The mind refocused on the battle with the Twisted Antinium, and the other Antinium now coming at the adventurers from the other side. Now—it wasn’t as chaotic. Everything was slower, easier to process. And the Antinium—
 
—-
 
Twitched. Mivifa saw a Soldier dodge an arrow by moving its head left. The Antinium kept running. She put another arrow to her shortbow, loosed it.
Too fast to dodge. So the Antinium just ran into the arrow as it detonated. Good! But that movement—
“Damn! What’s—”
The [Shieldbearer] with the mace had been clubbing down the Twisted Soldiers as they came at him. Suddenly, though, two came at him from either side.
Still an easy fight. Only, these two dodged his swinging mace. They weren’t physically faster, but they reacted incomparably quickly. One struck the Drake between the eyes. The other grabbed his arms. They were going to throw him out of formation—
“[Sword Art: Serpent Dance]! [Mages], Forcewall! Buy us time!”
A sword flickered around the Drake screaming for help and cut both Twisted Antinium down. Mivifa lowered her bow and saw one of the dancing, hovering swords of the Swordsman of Six return to him. He bellowed and the [Mages] threw up [Forcewalls].
Instantly, the Antinium rushed at them, battering at the barriers as the [Mages] groaned and poured more mana into the spell. Mivifa saw the Antinium moving—no longer crashing into each other, but moving like a dance.
“Ancestor’s blood. They’re being led by Queens! We need to get out of here now!”
Even the few Antinium with bows were aiming like Level 23 [Marksmen]. Mivifa shouted.
“Feathi, stay high! Stay out of reach!”
The Pegasus stopped dive-bombing the Flying Antinium in the skies. Sixswords looked around.
“Shriekblade, take our flank! Do whatever it takes to keep them off us! Mivifa—get to the air!”
“But you need me—”
“Just keep them from landing on us! Rally to me! Manus, we need to get out of here! Where’s Saliss?”
Saliss? The other adventurers looked around. Mivifa realized—in these first minutes of fighting for her life—she hadn’t heard or seen the systematic explosions that was Saliss of Lights. The Antinium closed in as Sixswords took the front.
“Saliss? Keep an eye on the Prognugators! Saliss?”
Shriekblade was fighting with the same perfect grace and lack of emotion as the Twisted Antinium on the flanks. Mivifa launched herself up, diving past a Flying Antinium as she readied the lance she carried. Damn, damn—
Wrymvr the Deathless leapt. The Centenium had been still after the first encounter, like the Slayer. Now, he launched. Straight at Mivifa.
“Mivifa! Get down!”
Zeter turned as he saw the Centenium launch. The Oldblood of Feathers twisted. She lifted her lance, but what did she even hit? The thing was huge. It looked like the Antinium version of an Adult Creler. Feathi dove, as Mivifa tried to climb. She was going to d—
 
—-
 
It took twenty bottles at least, each one with a lightning charge, and an amplifier that increased the magnetic pull of electricity to you at least. Of course, he’d tossed more than that.
