Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 30
A song for even the dead to listen to. Numbtongue played on his guitar as they travelled. Slower, after the mad dash of yesterday.
Changed. A Nameless Soldier flexed his hands, feeling the air around him belong to him. The other Antinium gazed at the oldest member of their kind among the Free Antinium who was not Klbkch or the Free Queen.
The first Free Antinium with an aura. He was not the only one. Gothica sat, adjusting her umbrella, smiling darkly in a world of midnight. She actually had a little zone of shadow around her.
Perfectly gothic. Ulvama kept poking herself, adjusting to her new class, and Snapjaw was cheering up Badarrow, beaming with her new class.
Fierre was lying face-down in the wagon, under a blanket. The Vampire who had gotten neither aura nor class consolidation was being tended to by Octavia, who occasionally gave her a pat on the shoulder.
Sergeant Gna lay next to Fierre, in much the same ‘corpse face-first in the mud’ position. The [Goblinfriend Bug-Captain] was not happy.
By contrast, the Goblins were in great spirits. Numbtongue was playing loudly, and they were grinning. Occasionally one would poke their head up over the wagon.
“Friend!”
“Shut up! Get away!”
They laughed so hard they nearly threw up. The Antinium kept staring at Gna too. Wow. She was a friend. That was so nice of her.
But of music, it was Numbtongue. He felt, after that run, that he had remembered something. He had not levelled, it was true. Yet he had remembered.
Redfangs. So he played, loudly, and remembered his companions, who would have loved the mad run. He didn’t fear being heard; Niers’ Skill still kept them relatively safe, although they travelled by evening and night, stopping at dawn.
He played the Ballad of the Redfangs, the same song he always worked on. The tale of thirteen Goblins who had come to an inn.
For the three ghosts who marched behind him. A lost Goblin, half-remembered, damaged, following a Hobgoblin warrior with a sword and a big Hob wishing he could munch on some rocks.
Ghosts. The song remembered them. It remembered them all.
What a strange company. One that had literally led an army on a run across countless miles. They looked like regular people unless you could see through a very powerful Skill.
Or…you knew they were Goblins. There were multiple Hobs in this group, with the power of Chieftains…sort of. So, for anyone who could see ghosts or sense fellow Goblins, it was confusing.
Still, the food was good. Even the bugs. Rasktooth kept staring left. Infinitypear saw his travelling buddy frown as he looked at some Goblins gamely marching with him. They were so…ordinary that Rasktooth assumed someone had okayed them. Badarrow, or Numbtongue, or Bird.
Otherwise…he poked the Goblin walking next to him, with a big white handprint on her shoulder. She swatted his finger, absently, and stared at Numbtongue and the ghosts. Another poke.
“Eh?”
She growled at him. Rasktooth gave her a long stare.
“Who you? Where you come from?”
The Goblin gave Rasktooth an exceedingly blank look. She pointed vaguely.
“Over there.”
“Oh.”
Rasktooth thought about it. He glanced in the vague direction she was pointing.
Well, it checked out.
 
——
 
“Six came to rest. Six, for one last test. 
A village with no reason to die, but a voice to hear.
For memory, for flowers, there fell Bugear…”
 
Numbtongue was working on the lyrics. It was hard to put ‘Bugear’ into a rhyme, but his name mattered. He replayed the verses about Esthelm; that was good, workshopped material.
