Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 27
They were already in range of each other. Technically, the Isle of Goblins had been for nearly a week now.
Functionally, neither side bothered to fire a shot. They were waiting to get closer. Khedal kept turning his head.
“Captain. If I am indisposed, I want you to hold two ships in reserve. Watch for flanking ambushes or some other trick. Have our [Diviners] seen anything in the water?”
“Not yet. Are you expecting an ambush, Prince?”
“Yes. Always.”
The Goblins were always unpredictable. The House of Minos had battled them here for centuries. They changed tactics, both sides, but…Khedal’s nerves were prickling.
Sometimes, the Minotaurs didn’t send a fleet out. The need to remove those ships was pressing them into an attack. Long-range fire from both islands was more common some years.
This time, there would be blood. Khedal raised one axe.
“Archers, artillery—ready!”
“The Month of Strife is upon us! Warriors, the House of Minos sends you from its shores. Ready!”
Minotaurs roared, and their eyes began to fill with blood as the Prince of Minotaurs stared ahead at that figure on the cliff.
Not once had she moved. That contempt, that…he ground his teeth together.
This time.
They didn’t sing. The Minotaurs were close to home. The Goblins watched in silence, standing from where they had been sitting. The owners of their home, waiting to greet the visitors year after year.
A line of glowing eyes and bared teeth. Goblins wearing armor cast from trees or vines—or salvaged metal armor, some still with the faded regalia of the House of Minos. That alone made Khedal’s jaw creak, but he looked at the Hobgoblins and saw more than one resting on the balls of their feet, perfectly balanced in the sand, a hand on a sword, or balancing a throwing axe or the middle of a spear on a finger.
Experts every bit as familiar with their weapons as the Minotaurs standing at his shoulders, their hilts clashing off their armor and shields as they roared challenges. Yet the Goblins said nothing at all, just grinned, watching. Biding their time.
Khedal waited as the first ships passed the invisible line in the water. He felt his sense of danger spike and roared.
“Loose!”
They were still three thousand paces from the islands when the warships began unloading. Far closer than they needed to be, but the deadly barrage shot towards that cliff and the first beachhead like rain.
Glowing munitions, one wave, then another, fired in seconds of each other. Followed by a salute twice as large from the House of Minos’ harbors. A storm descended upon the Island of Goblins, each bolt and stone enchanted to explode and tear across the Goblins’ home.
They never landed.
Kheldal had seen it time and time again, but it never ceased to make his stomach roil. He saw a ballista fire next to him, heard the snap tear the air. The ballista bolt was as long as he was, made of iron, and enchanted to unleash a stored bolt of lightning wherever it struck.
It shot through the air at one of the Hobgoblins on shore, and the Hob jerked—too slow to dodge. But then there was a flash—an explosion, and the Hob was grinning as the others pushed him back into place.
A new warrior who’d never seen this happen before. Khedal’s eyes locked on the Goblin Lord. That tree.
And he saw another flicker, hundreds, thousands, as the bolts exploded in midair. You could only see what was happening with someone of Khedal’s level. If you slowed down time, you’d see something catching the enchanted ammunition out of the air.
