Interlude – Meetings and Friendships
Page 1
Lyonette had not known all the intricacies of one of Calanfer’s best, and secret, tools, but she knew their Kingdom’s champion benefitted from it. Hence his powerful aura. Also—the boon affected more than just Skills. Under it, Calanfer’s Champion of the Dawn was stronger, faster than normal…
Well, the Skill would upgrade with time. Lyonette couldn’t wait. She almost rubbed her hands together, imagining what it might become. Certainly, it had paid off in dividends already.
“Octavia? Are you decent? Is anything about to explode?”
“Come in! I’m decent! And nothing’s exploding yet!”
The [Princess] cautiously pushed open the door. She saw Octavia, hovering around a sample of fungi in jars. Lyonette wrinkled her nose.
“What is this? More of your cure, Octavia?”
The [Alchemist] jumped.
“Oh no. Mrsha, stay back. The uh, spores should be safe according to Master Saliss, but you don’t want more of this growing at random. Or in your fur. I’m working with more molds, see?”
She proudly pointed to a glowing jar she’d been ‘feeding’ with some Sage’s Grass water. Lyonette saw Mrsha peek at the red-yellow fungi, which had created small beams across the jar, like some natural architecture.
“What—what do they do?”
The [Princess] tried not to recoil at the sight. She regarded molds as an undesirable thing in any situation, and was still mystified by the idea that they could be helpful or cure disease. Octavia beamed.
“This stuff? It’s a good anti-toxin, according to Master Saliss. And this is Occillium. Name pending.”
She proudly showed the others the mold she’d cultivated to create the penicillin-equivalent. It was, well, indigo. Lyonette peered at the jar, keeping Mrsha back.
“I’m thinking of calling it Octavia’s Mold, to justify the name. Or—if we want to get fancy, maybe Octalius? What do you think?”
The [Princess] thought that she was double-banning Mrsha from Octavia’s shop. She sighed. The [Alchemist] had done a good job.
“It sounds lovely, Octavia. Look, I hope your shop is doing well—”
“Business is picking up. But I’m closed most of the time; I’m working with Master Saliss. But he’ll let me try out my new recipes and selling stuff soon. He’ll be going on adventures.”
Octavia emphasized ‘Master Saliss’. She was so proud of her apprenticeship with the insane Named Adventurer. The [Princess] nodded.
“Excellent. Well, Octavia, we have breakfast…”
“What? Is it morning? I thought it was midnight—”
The [Alchemist] jumped. She’d closed all the curtains in her shop so the sunlight peeking through the cracks hadn’t been obvious. Lyonette shook her head. She spoke slowly, used to Octavia’s befuddled states.
“If you want food…we have food. Okay? I’m just here to tell you I’m cancelling my [Boon] Skill.”
Lyonette hadn’t told Octavia she was a [Princess]. She had just asked if Octavia wanted to try her ‘new Skill’ she’d gotten as Erin’s [Manager].
The sleepy [Alchemist] was nodding along until that last bit. Then her eyes opened wide.
“What? Lyonette! No! Please! I need it!”
“You’ve had it for weeks, Octavia. Honestly, I forgot about it—if you ate with us more often, I’d have noticed—remove boon. There. Sorry, Octavia, but I want to test it out more. I’ll just be—”
“I need it! I can’t do my fungoid research without it! Lyonette, I’ll pay you!”
The [Alchemist] grabbed at Lyonette as the [Princess] tried to escape. Lyonette didn’t need to be close to Octavia to cancel the boon, or even bestow it, but she had told Octavia to be polite.
She regretted it now. Octavia tried to drag her back.
