Interlude – Burning Alcohol
Page 13
The [Spellscribe] coughed, pounding on her chest. She dipped a fry in ketchup. It was interesting—this was a much realer talk than Beza normally gave. She must really be as down as Montressa not to be glorifying her homeland with every second word.
“I left because I was like the others who leave. I wanted to explore the world. To show them—honor. To test myself and grow, and return to Minos a hero!”
She clenched a fist, then sagged. Her horned head lowered and nearly scored the table.
“Instead, my comrade died. And—I was carried off the battlefield while the very people I came to capture slew an Adult Creler.”
“You fought. They nearly ate you alive, Beza. If the [Healer] hadn’t been there you’d have lost a leg and your arms—”
“Better that I had. Better than running. I was worse than the adventurers who stayed and died. I wasn’t ready. He was right.”
Montressa looked at Beza’s wretched expression. The Minotauress turned away from Montressa.
“I came here knowing what was right in the world. Prepared to do justice. Now, I find myself wondering if Calruz of Hammerad is the monster I assumed.”
The young woman didn’t reply. She knew that had been one of the reasons why Beza had come here. She looked down into her own cup. Montressa felt her eyes sting. Then she spoke, abruptly, like forcing a splinter out of her chest.
“I liked him. So much. He was so intelligent, and witty, and handsome and—I really liked him. Even after I found out he was a [Necromancer], I still wanted to get to know him. He was so talented. But that wasn’t just it. I thought he understood something about magic I didn’t.”
Beza’s head rose. But she didn’t interrupt. Montressa took another long drink and burped.
“When we found out he did necromancy, everyone abandoned him. Beatrice, Calvaron, Ceria—we were a group of four back then. Calvaron sort of talked to Pisces, but he was always apolitical. And Beatrice didn’t like Pisces like everyone else. I think Ceria was the angriest. But I never gave up. I kept talking to him. Helping out, learning from him. And you know what? I asked him to teach me necromancy.”
Beza swung around. Her eyes were round with disbelief. Montressa waved a finger at her.
“Shut up. Back then, I thought—it wasn’t corpses. He was teaching me how to animate things. Rats. Little creatures, along with regular spells.”
“But…why? Did you want to become a…”
“No, no. Listen. I thought he was right. Magic is magic. If we cut ourselves off from understanding something—blood magic, necromancy—how can we call ourselves true [Mages]? It’s how it’s used that makes something evil.”
Beza nearly nodded. She waited as Montressa put her head down. The young woman muttered into the table, closing her eyes.
“And then he opened Archmage Nekhret’s crypt. And Calvaron died. And I saw what undead were. Evil. They want to kill us. I saw it. You can control them, but something in them wants to kill us. Turn us into them.”
“It wasn’t your fault.”
“I thought it was. I thought he was a horrible person, and he’d tricked me and I’d made it happen. Beatrice was furious at me. And Ceria. No one talked to me at all for nearly a whole year. Until you and Isceil, Palt, and Ulinde came along, I was a pariah, and most of the new students heard about me.”
The Minotauress shifted uncomfortably.
“In truth, I wanted to see if you were what the rumors said of you, Montressa. And what I found was the most talented [Mage] of her year, and a secretbroker.”
