Interlude – Sand and Notes
Page 9
More nods. And the others were listening, thinking on this issue which affected Pomle. After all—it was more than training just the body. Orjin summarized his thoughts for all to hear.
“Salii’s arena does not affect me. I did not know of it until today. Her alterations to Pomle do not affect me. If she puts on these show-fights here—what does it matter? Does it affect Pomle or your training except in your mind?”
A rumble of thought went through Pomle. It was a [Blademaster] from Drath, an exile, who spoke up.
“It makes Pomle easier to live in, Strongest. It draws attention. Visitors will come. People thinking to train who have not the will or spirit for it. Who look down on what martial arts is, like the Sect of the Breeze Fists or whatever they were named. The Windy Fists.”
This time the looks were sour. Pomle did not need more of that sort. Orjin agreed. But he still thought the argument was invalid. He pointed at the arena.
“The newcomers, the Humans with the new techniques say that they participate in this sport. Yet, they do it to make money, to live as well as challenge themselves and each other! To improve! Are they worthless? If it is easy—if what these others do is not martial arts—prove it. Defeat them all in that ring for the world to see. Defeat me. And make Pomle what it should be.”
“Will you participate in those matches, Orjin? I might. For coin as well as the sport of it!”
Xil’s eyes glittered. Orjin shrugged.
“If the mood takes me, or there is something to be gained, perhaps. If I need money, yes. Think of it like this. Does anyone object further? If so, speak. I have my training to return to.”
Pomle’s warriors looked at each other. One last issue came up. And it came from the [Blademaster].
“All of what you say is wise, Strongest. This does not affect us except in the mind and the mind is something to be honed. What does affect us is space. With so many around the oasis, we must go further and further. What if Salii makes all of Pomle verdant? Soft? Some of us came for the harshness. Already—we are tempted by drinks, amenities she has brought. We can ignore them, but we would like privacy.”
“Well spoken.”
Salthorn nodded. Even she and Mendi had come to observe. Orjin agreed. He thought for twenty two seconds, in the baking sun, as the others waited. Then he nodded. He had come to a decision. He did not second-guess himself, or waste time. It was why Salii said she liked him.
“I say—those who wish to train in harshness shall. Salii!”
She hurried out of the arena. Orjin turned to her. With all to hear, he spoke.
“One complaint has been made that I agree with. As Strongest of Pomle, I allow the spectated-fights on one condition. Because you have made this, you must make something else. Make a place for those who wish to train in isolation. In harshness.”
The warriors nodded. They looked at Salii. The [Secretary] blinked.
Make a harsh place? Give those who wanted privacy that? It was a harsh imposition. Orjin waited for her to complain, or argue. He saw the Drake check her notes. Then she nodded.
“Very well. Is that all?”
The people of Pomle looked at the [Secretary]. She gave them a toothy grin.
For the first time since its inception, Pomle expanded.
 
—-
 
It wasn’t just her having the ability to move numbers around. Orjin saw Salii writing a note on a glowing piece of paper which vanished.
“What is that?”
“[Memo]. It’s like a free [Message] Skill, Orjin. And before you ask—it does have limits on range, but I’m high-enough level to use it. Oh, and to get my messages priority-delivered to anyone I want. Even monarchs.”
