Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 20
The King of Minotaurs regarded the letter. She lifted it up, thought for a few seconds, and then calmly tore it up and let the pieces blow away on the breeze.
“No. I have read the letter. I will not alter Venaz’s judgment. He is qualified to be Mneiol. Someone cares for Calruz of Hammerad. That is plain. If he is innocent, he will be found to be such.”
Khedal opened his mouth, watching the pieces of the note flutter away on the breeze. The King of Minotaurs turned back to Lareqol.
“You two disagree?”
Both hesitated. Khedal spoke up slowly.
“If there are facts that Venaz doesn’t know, my King…”
“If I, personally, were to tell him to investigate the dungeon, it would affect his judgment because his King ordered him to do so. If there is an effect in the dungeon, he will look into it. This Calruz’s class will certainly be part of Venaz’s understanding. Do you have faith in his ability to rule fairly?”
Khedal folded his arms.
“He is young, rash, and he has embarrassed the House of Minos more than once publicly. But he is sound of mind. In such matters, I would expect him to behave with the dignity of the Mneiol. This is all true. But—”
He did not like the implication a judgment could be rendered wrongly, especially with such stakes. Inreza nodded as if reading his mind.
“The letter makes it clear that the sender believes the wrong judgment will be made. They would like me to act. Because that is clear, I will not. Khedal, I entrust you with monitoring Venaz’s decision. Say to him nothing, but tell me what is decided, for he will report back to the House of Minos in either case. Also, if you have a record of what this Calruz of Hammerad has done…I will read it tonight.”
“Yes, Your Majesty.”
Relieved, Khedal bowed. And like that, a certain Minotaur’s name was now known to the King of Minotaurs.
Small things. The King of Minotaurs watched the pieces of paper she’d torn up fly into the air and then murmured.
“Ah.”
Prince Khedal and Prince Lareqol turned and saw the Minotaur King gazing off into the distance. Khedal bowed.
“My King?”
“I believe I am currently littering the skies. That is my error.”
 
——
 
Thus, in the Palace of Minos, you could see the King of Minotaurs, even speak to her. And sometimes, rarely, see Prince Khedal charging after a piece of paper to protect the honor of the House of Minos.
But he couldn’t get all of the scraps, and many more floated into the fickle air, far, far over the islands. A few passed by some of the ‘pets’ of Maweil and were sent into the sea as jets of water blew upwards.
After all, Maweil had one giant pet which was currently singing and blowing water out its blowhole as a pod of its kin swam around the island. Minotaurs waved and gathered the treats for the blue whale named Beorro. More tossed fish to dolphins and other friendly sea-creatures.
Aside from the Astelain and regular pets, many Minotaurs befriended sea life since they took up no space on the islands. More than one Minotaur was known to swim with a dolphin they knew specifically.
The rest of the pieces flew onwards, fluttering, dancing on the sea wind. Trying not to land in the water. It was a doomed pursuit; they might fly for minutes, even hours, above the waves, given their light forms and the fickle nature of the wind.
But they could not fly forever. One by one, they succumbed to the water, a rat’s hard work of weeks sinking into nothingness. The last pieces gamely fluttered on.
