Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 7
She stopped. A metallic flash. And then—the Chieftain led her forwards and Eska gasped.
“What is this? Inkar—do you see it? Ink—”
She looked back. The young woman had dismounted from her horse and fallen to her knees. Orelighn bowed his head.
Inkar stared without sound at the piece of the airplane which had crashed here. A broken, burned hull of metal.
Barely half of it. The rear half and part of a wing. Orelighn looked at her.
“…It fell two months ago. We found the bodies within. They did not suffer, I think. We have laid them to rest in our grounds. I will show you, if you wish it.”
“How?”
The Chieftain saw Inkar’s drained face. He turned to Eska, who had dismounted as well.
“We have found many artifacts. Most—broken. We paid for scrolls of [Repair]. It is an ill thing to take from the dead—but.”
They were desperate. The [Chieftain]’s guilt was plain.
“Also—there were so few…”
“Few? Were there any—how—”
Inkar was on her feet, stumbling towards the wreck. Eska called out, but Orelighn stopped her.
“It is safe, but for the jagged metal. Inkar—”
The plane was burned. Seats destroyed. Plastic melted. Overhead bins ash. But—it was a passenger plane. A large one.
“How many?”
Inkar stared at the seats. Orelighn walked over, solemnly.
“That…is the strange thing, no? I see what this is. Some great vessel of transport. Odd—”
“It was meant to fly.”
Orelighn’s eyes widened at Eska’s words. She was staring around, color drained from behind her fur. She looked at Inkar, and now—she believed fully. The others would have to see this, the [Shaman] at least. The male Chieftain nodded slowly.
“I might believe it. You see—the materials are like nothing we have seen. The steel strong, for all it was destroyed. See—this?”
He touched something on the headrest. Inkar started. There were no…bodies. The Gnolls had buried them. But the broken headrest was mounted with something she knew.
One of those in-flight monitors. You could play games on them…this one was burned beyond salvation. It broke as she tried to pry it loose.
“We have some. More—that we removed. We could not repair them—but there are strange inner workings. More—among the possessions. And a strange thing. There were many…containers. Clothing. Strange things. Money—books. We have them all in our possession.”
“I must see them.”
The Gnoll nodded.
“There is much. Too many, I think, for the bodies we recovered. We buried four Humans.”
“Only four? For this great craft?”
Eska started. Orelighn nodded.
“That is the mystery. The possessions were enough—even the ones we recovered from the flames—for dozens more. And this is only part of this craft. Perhaps…perhaps the others were lost in the air? But…”
He looked at Inkar. She stood there. And the yawning chasm of uncertainly opened up again. From the mystery of her arrival in this world—she began to realize.
It was far larger than she’d thought. And if she had not been missed, one girl whose family and friends would look for her—
They would notice this. She touched the seat and looked around. Eska gravely met her eyes, then looked at Orelighn and nodded.
Oh yes. They had something to bring to the Meeting of Tribes after all.
 
—-
 
More tribes were on the move. The great roads that connected Drake city to city were as populated as their Human counterpart’s. More so, in fact.
The great war with the Guild of Assassins and such hadn’t affected the Drakes of Izril. Indeed—it was something only talked about in certain parts of the society.
