Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 8
“Sea’s Bargain. It’s when they join with something of the deeps. Become part-fish, part-crab, part-clam—whatever it is. Anyways, Inky can crew since she has the class—dead gods, I’m not a [Storm Sailor] so Lasc’ll use anyone who’s got the class. But she’s not and never will be one of us. You feel me?”
“Yup.”
The other students nodded. Begal nodded. He pushed himself up after a third shot of rum and nodded.
“You students from the Titan are alright, then. Didn’t think you’d be, but you’re not half as bad as the other lot we’ve had onboard. Thanks for the drink.”
He nodded at them and hurried back to his duties before he could catch the eye of any of his superiors. The [Strategists] kept quiet for a few seconds until he was out of earshot, then Yerranola spoke up.
“So how much of that is a [Sailor]’s tales and how much is real, I wonder?”
“What? The man just told us everything there was to know, Yerra.”
Venaz raised his brows. The Selphid glanced back at him. She was frowning, and Wil, sitting to her left, knew Yerranola was vexed. Not quite why, yet, but she explained.
“I hear it’s not like that for Drowned Folk. And they’re hardly the scourge of the seas. Lots are quite peaceful, but it’s [Storm Sailors] and other marauders they fear. And if that’s how they’re treated, no wonder. It’s a wonder Inky crews with this ship if this is how she’s treated, but maybe she doesn’t have a choice. I know the Sea’s Bargain doesn’t work like that.”
She folded her arms. Venaz gave her an incredulous snort. The Minotaur folded his arms and flapped one hand airily. He had…strong opinions which his fellow students were used to. Even so, his superior tone grated at times. Most of the time.
“Yerra, I grew up in the isles of Minos. I know the sea, and that [Sailor] told us nothing I haven’t heard myself from every manner of sea folk. Drowned People are dangerous.”
“Not all of them.”
Yerra’s eyes flashed and she clenched a long-dead hand. Wil eyed her, worriedly.
“Yerra—don’t mind Venaz.”
“I’m just saying—what did Inky do to deserve being talked to like that? The man—Begal—even said she’s a good [Sailor]! What has she done? He didn’t name a thing except that she was part-Drowned! And she was born that way!”
“She yelled at me.”
Peki refused a shot as Merrik poured another round for the students. So did Wil, but Feshi, Venaz, and Yerra all drank up with Merrik. Yerra was glaring at Venaz. Wil was trying to calm her down.
It wasn’t often that Yerranola, as affable as Merrik—perhaps even more so—got angry. It was surprising to Venaz and Feshi, who knew her from class, but Wil, who was close friends with Yerra and recently, Feshi and Venaz, knew his friend. The Selphid was touchy about…outsiders. She herself had experienced enough of what she was seeing or projecting onto Inky.
“Either way, the lesson is to not get hit by the boom. Peki.”
“I’ll dodge it next time. It’s fast. Good training.”
The others rolled their eyes or sighed. But they relaxed, after that brief moment of interest and insight into their monotony. After a few seconds, Venaz produced the scrying orb.
“And now, I believe we have a performance by a high-level [Bard]. Let me get the name. And there’s some to-do about a marriage going off-the-road so to speak, between a…Lord Bein and Lady Hetessana of northern Izril? Am I pronouncing that right? No, wait. Lord Bein and Lady Dealia. Apparently, the [Lord] was allegedly cheating on his fiancé with a Lady Hetessana Wellfar…”
