Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 30
“Yes, sir. Please ignore all other reports or commentary on strange occurrences on the battlefield.”
The Drake and Antinium locked gazes until Dekass was fiddling with a helmet strap. Olesm smiled brightly.
“Take me to him.”
“Sir? That is not necessary. He is a Soldier. He cannot speak. Artur, do not—Artur?”
Olesm strode over to Squad 5. The new Crusader 51 sat, not sure why they were all staring so at him. In fact…Crusader 57 was snapping.
“You are not Crusader 51. He is dead. You. Pick another name.”
The Soldier froze. He was Armored Antinium. Name? Name? Did they just ask?
nAMe? hE wAs—
A hand slapped his helmet. The Soldier froze.
“hEY, mORoN. ShUt uP. Pick a name and deal with it.”
The Aberration hissed at him. Totally confused, the Soldier looked up as a Drake strode over.
Enemy? He began to rise, remembered his orders, and sat still.
“Crusader 53?”
A Soldier with two arms and a cheerful, brand-spanking-new enchanted mace raised two hands. Crusader 53 stood and saluted Olesm. The [Commander] eyed him as Dekass ran after him.
“Crusader 53 is very tired. He must rest. Nothing is wrong. You saw nothing, Crusader 53. Nothing, as you single-handedly vanquished an entire enemy camp and came here.”
Olesm ignored Dekass. He looked Crusader 53 up and down.
“It’s good to see you, soldier. I’m glad you survived imprisonment. I am going to recommend your squad for a vacation. Crusader 51…was a hero.”
Everyone nodded. Crusader 53 nodded as well, slowly. He lowered his hands and his head. Olesm looked at the others.
“He was. And I will make sure his sacrifice means something. The war is changing. Yolden’s on our side. It also seems we won’t lack for reinforcements, will we, Dekass?”
He pointedly gazed over his shoulder. Dekass hesitated.
“I can neither confirm nor deny the veracity of that statement, sir. Incidentally—and this is related to nothing—how well does Mrsha lie?”
“Poorly. Crusader 53? Just one question. Nod or shake your head. Do we have Silent Antinium?”
The [Crusader] nodded happily. Olesm sighed.
“I knew it.”
Dekass was trying to figure out how to lie his way out of this one, and then the Armored Prognugator seemed to give up. He tapped Olesm on the shoulder.
“Would now be a good time to tell you about our prisoner, sir? I believe the Silent…er, the not-Silent Antinium took him as food rations or because Crusader 53 said so.”
And that was how Olesm met Vess, shivering, waiting for death.
“I don’t want to fight. Please. Sir! I just want to go home.”
A young Drake looked up as the [Commander] eyed a patch of air, swatted at it, and recoiled. A Drake not much older than him, but somehow far older at the same time, knelt. He looked at Vess, and there was little kind about his gaze.
But his claw was gentle as he reached out and touched Vess.
“I know. Don’t worry. I’m going to send you home.”
 
 
 
 
Vess, [Arcane Warrior]
 
In the days after that, the war went on. The mercenaries under Captain Yulre received reinforcements, and the Alliance learned to fear the darkness, or even daylight when they weren’t fighting, as much as the battles.
It was coming to…an end. Or, at least, that front was. There was no front that stretched across three wings now. Instead, the Alliance was pulling back its lines because the right had been completely overrun, and Liscor had built a giant dirt-and-stone fortress where they could sally from.
Vess didn’t see any of it. He just heard these things, because the Drake [Commander] of Liscor’s armed forces, Olesm Swifttail, was as good as his word.
Vess went home.
