Interlude – Lifting Ants
Page 16
This time she really tried to find him with her eyes and ears. She asked everyone, but after sixteen minutes, Mrsha had to admit Bird was nowhere to be found. She even ran all over the garden to find him!
So she sniffed him out. To be fair, it was a hard thing to follow. Bird had done well, but Mrsha eventually ended up at the pond. She stared into it, and realized  there was a tiny patch of blackness sticking out of the water. It quickly retreated, but Mrsha had seen the mandibles.
“You found me. And I nearly died.”
Bird announced as he sat up out of the water. Tenacious and fearless, he’d actually submerged himself into the pond, ducking into the water every time Mrsha passed by. He was in a shallow section so he could stand up, but that was Bird for you.
Creative. Still, he couldn’t beat her nose. Mrsha felt a little bad about it, but she triumphantly splashed him with water nonetheless. Then she ran off to hide.
“I have lost again.”
Bird stared at Mrsha as she rolled out of a pile of curtains where the Players of Celum were setting up. There were just too many spots for a little Gnoll to hide, and less for an Antinium Worker. Mrsha laughed and pointed at Bird.
And Bird…grew frustrated. He paused, and folded all four arms.
“I am losing. Hm. But I want to win.”
It was mild frustration, but Bird took this game as seriously as Numbtongue, who had once folded himself into one of the huge stone ovens in the kitchen. Erin had nearly baked him before she’d heard him coughing and swearing. Mrsha smiled and closed her eyes as Bird hid.
“You will never find me. Ever! This will be my victory.”
The Worker promised as he ran off. Mrsha counted to a hundred…
And she realized Bird had vanished. Completely and utterly. Mrsha raced about the inn, checking all of Bird’s usual spots. But he hadn’t gone upstairs. He hadn’t left the inn, she was pretty certain. He wasn’t in the garden—
Guiltily, as the timer reached eighteen minutes, Mrsha began to sniff the ground. It wasn’t cheating—it was her nose! And she didn’t want to lose. Mrsha was the best finder and hider in hide-and-seek in the entire inn and she wanted to keep that record. She had to beat Bird.
So she sniffed. And sniffed.
But his scent was incredibly hard to trace this time. Mrsha roamed around the common room of the inn, pausing, sniffing again. Then—she narrowed her eyes as she passed by a staircase leading down.
The basement. The cellar door was closed, but Mrsha had rushed down there on her second hiding place. And Bird’s scent was coming from there.
Mrsha opened the door. The basement now had proper stairs and a doorway, rather than a single hatch door. It was also much larger than before.
At the moment, it was just holding supplies. And it was checked daily by Ishkr or a Gnoll to make sure it was free of pests. Now, Mrsha crept into the dark room.
Spooky. She shivered in delight. Numbtongue and Bird had surprised her a lot on their nightly ‘scare-hide-and-seek’ games, where the goal was to scare the seeker. But she felt like Bird had let her down.
This wasn’t the best hiding spot. Just a good one. Mrsha wondered if she should plug her nose somehow to make the game more fair as she sniffed around. Or they could go on an adventure! Numbtongue had promised he’d take her on one, even if Lyonette said it wasn’t okay. She just had to…
Had to…
Had…
Mrsha prowled up and down the basement. Something was wrong. Bird’s scent came here, but there it stopped. He’d…vanished again. She frowned. Mrsha sat on her butt in the basement and stared around.
