Interlude – Paradigm Shift (Pt. 1)
Page 29
Laken indicated it with a nod. Tamaroth chuckled and wiped at his beard.
“Do you really want me to leave, Laken? Lady Rie Valerund screams in agony. She will not resist long, though she has a strong will. Does she leave, you will never see her again. At least, not the woman you knew. What will return, if she does return, will be a weapon forged in blood. You would do well to slaughter her where she stood rather than stand in her presence a minute longer than you must. Tell me—do you want that?”
Laken’s skin crawled. His guest knew. He knew many things. Too much. Yet his advice had proven prophetic before. So Laken listened, unwillingly, but listened.
“Your agenda is not mine…Tam.”
“Tam?”
The other man echoed the word, incredulous for once. Laken shrugged.
“Call it a pet name.”
He waited for the fury. But again, the man was amused.
“Ah. You do not like me, which I accept. Listen, though; as my strength grows, I remember more of what I am. Before, I gave you only tricks and hints. Now I tell you of what you must know. Close your ears and suffer. Or would you really like to weather the storm unprepared?”
Laken shifted.
“Fine. They’re coming for me, this…group of nobles. I will take your advice under consideration. What about Lady Rie?”
A smile he sensed across the table. The other man began to gulp more food down.
“Yes. Think of it, Laken. They would take her, twist her mind and body and soul as such people do, and turn her into something for them. A method to make perfect servants. I can tell how much distaste you have for that idea. You care for Lady Rie, for all she betrayed your trust. If you saved her, what loyalty might you garner? What secret weapon against your foe?”
“There seems to be a difference between how we regard people, Tam.”
A shrug. Laken started as he realized the table was empty. The side salad gone from the bowl.
“I am so hungry. Do you want to save her or not?”
Laken hesitated. He knew all the stories. Yet that was the kind of deal it always was. Do you want to save her? He sensed Rie writhing in her bed, knew Tamaroth was telling him the truth.
“Tell me. I’ll decide.”
“Of course. All you must do is fight what they intend to do to her. Consider yourself so lucky, Laken. But for me you would not know what was happening or how to prevent it.”
“I say my thanks daily. How, Tam? I don’t have a Skill to fight what you’re describing.”
Another smile. The man sat back, appetite whetted, or at least, understanding there was no food left in the house in Riverfarm.
“Then you must acquire one.”
Laken’s brows would have risen higher, but at that point they would have been in his hair.
“So simple as that?”
“If you know how, yes. This is what you must do. Rise from your seat, hasten to the market. Bring me back something to eat. Then—”
Laughter as Laken scowled.
“—then, summon your man Prost, make excuses. Bring a dagger and potion, for both of you will shed blood. Go to her, Laken Godart. Offer her to swear herself to your service by the means I will tell you. She may refuse.”
“You don’t know?”
Another chuckle.
“Don’t we all have free will?”
“You tell me.”
The guest ignored the question. He went on, voice speculative now, dancing with interest. Excitement, even.
“If she accedes, follow my instructions as to what to do next. Then let her obey the call. If not…or if you choose otherwise…”
“If not what?”
Tamaroth sat there, leaning on the table.
“Summon your [Witches]. And when the cord of her life stretches tight against the oaths she has made, there is a chance she will live. Shattered though it might be. It is your choice.”
