Interlude – Lifting Ants
Page 5
They did not stop, or slow, or rest. Anyone would have called it beyond backbreaking work, but that was a Worker’s life. And this was actually nicer than almost any other regular Worker’s life because when they finished, they’d be allowed to sit in the inn and have a bowl of soup for dinner, or some acid flies. That was bliss.
And it was also sad. Terribly sad, if you compared it to other species, other people. But no one did. Erin did, which is why she sometimes brought snacks up, and Lyonette and a few others had made the connection. But the Workers themselves didn’t know what they should be upset about. In a way, it was fulfilling just to be at work all the time, to have a purpose. No one bothered them. They did their jobs, ate, slept, and died at some point. And that was it.
That was why it was strange, when their work was interrupted. Only, it wasn’t by a young woman asking if they were sure they didn’t want a break, or lemonade. It was, in fact, by another Worker. He stood in the finished hallway and stared at them.
Bird, the [Bird Hunter], had a basket slung on one of his four arms. He tilted his head left, and right, as the other Workers paused and looked at him. He was not like them. He was Individual. Different.
Special. Bird spoke.
“Hello, I am Bird. Who are you?”
As one, the Workers paused. They stared at Bird, motionless. That did not happen. It was a rule everyone in Liscor learned—you did not ask a Worker their names. Even among the Antinium—no, especially among the Antinium, asking a question like that was…strange.
Beyond strange. But Bird was Bird. He hopped out onto the rooftop and walked over to the first Worker. The Antinium had a roofing tile in one hand and a hammer and nails in the others. Bird looked at him.
“Hello. I am Bird. What is your name?”
The Worker froze. But he had a name. Designation. He was Autonomous; the only reason he was trusted to be here without supervision.
“T-this one is Archer B12, Individual Bird.”
Archer B12’s voice was stuttering, and he spoke with that odd, unfamiliar cadence most Workers had. He was not ‘I’, but ‘this one’. Bird nodded.
“Hello, Archer B12. I am Bird. Are you having a good day?”
The Worker paused again. His mind was running up against a wall. Slowly, he turned back to his work. As one, the other Workers copied him.
“This one is on duty. It is not permitted to speak, only work.”
“Oh. Okay.”
Bird watched as Archer B12 began hammering tiles into place, securing them with little copper nails. After a moment, Bird rummaged around in the basket he’d brought with him.
“Are you hungry?”
Archer B12, who had hammered each nail into place with the precision a machine would have envied, nearly slammed a nail into his own fingers. He paused. Looked up.
“I have cheese. Goat’s cheese. It is tasty. And fruity. And I have meat.”
Bird held out a crumbly, soft block of fresh goat’s cheese. And a hard salami, both taken from Erin’s kitchen. It was food. Archer B12 stared at it. Jerkily, he picked up another nail.
“This one is on duty. It is not permitted to speak, only work.”
The Workers were all hard at work. Bird tilted his head from side to side.
“But I am Individual Bird. What if I asked you which treat you liked better? Cheese or meat? I demand an answer. It is of utmost security to the inn. Yes. Probably.”
Slowly, Archer B12’s head rose. He stared at Bird. And Bird…smiled. Slowly, Archer B12 stared at the goat’s cheese and salami. He paused. And thought harder than he ever had in his entire life.
“C-cheese.”
