Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 27
Both Umina and Wil waited. But that was all Niers said. He looked around and filled his cup with the strongest alcohol there was. Wil croaked and reached for his own cup.
“That’s it?”
He drank.
“That’s it. Nothing special. Remember when Cameral got you with an arrow in battle, Umina? He was losing the battle, but when you were removed, your force fell apart. That’s all I did. There’s nothing to teach; I just forced a confrontation and I won.”
It was anticlimactic. Umina saw at once how it made sense. But she knew why the Titan didn’t speak of it. There was something…Niers tossed his cup down bitterly. He looked past them and shook his head.
“I suppose I was the better [Strategist] since the attack on her command worked. It’s a valid tactic. The one that walks away wins. But that’s the irony of it. I teach you all that victory is what counts. But I can’t help but remember that battle with guilt. She outfought me, Umina, Wil. She had just one weakness and I hit it. To this day, I feel like I robbed the world of a truly great mind. I wish there had been another way. But I won. And the King of Destruction’s dreams fell apart there. That’s all there was to it.”
He sat down heavily and Umina and Wil looked at each other. Umina didn’t know what to say. She only had one thought. No, two. The Titan spoke of Queravia with regret. She had been his better, or at least, so he believed. He regretted killing her, because he was alone. Alone but for…her eyes lingered on the chessboard with the ghostly pieces. And then she thought of the second thing.
He had killed her. Himself. She wanted to ask how. But Niers was sitting still. He looked up, smiling faintly, and shook his head.
“I’m melancholy when drunk. Pass me some snacks, Umina?”
She did. Niers broke off a huge chip and began to eat it.
“Enough of that story. You have your answer. It’s not glorious, but it is a secret. The King of Destruction. Wistram—dead gods, I hate the Academy. My scrying orb is warded against them, but I know they have eyes and ears everywhere. Let’s talk of happier things. The night’s not over yet. A few more questions. I get to ask you a few, about you two! And then—well, we’ll have time for one last question, won’t we?”
He smiled. And Umina and Wil felt a surge of apprehension. They looked out the dark windows. It was nearly time.
 
—-
 
Niers Astoragon sat alone in his room. On the table, in his chair. The bowls of snacks had been mostly depleted, and he himself felt stretched from all he’d consumed. Still, he wasn’t about to succumb to exhaustion or alcohol or food comas yet. The most important moment of the night had yet to come.
It was a knock on the door. The Titan looked up.
“Enter!”
Wil Kallinad stepped into the room. The young man adjusted his clothing and walked towards his seat. He was more familiar now, but apprehension had returned his nerves. Niers chuckled softly.
“Sit down, lad. We were just talking.”
“Yes, sir. Professor. Excuse me.”
Red-faced, Wil sat. Niers raised an eyebrow.
“Did Umina win the contest, or did you?”
Wil blinked, and then smiled ruefully.
“I won, sir. I wanted to…”
“Get it over with?”
Niers looked kindly at the [Lord]. Wil hunched his shoulders, and then straightened. He met Niers’ eyes.
“Frankly, Professor? Yes. I truly enjoyed our conversation. My question—it’s not fascinating to me. Should I ask you now?”
“Go ahead.”
Niers waited. Wil sat up and took a deep breath. Then another. He came out with it in a rush.
“Professor, what is the most valuable piece of information that will aid the Kallinad family at this moment?”
