Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 12
He tried to explain to her what he meant. It was hard; he was no Numbtongue.
He just didn’t feel his class. And that was probably why he’d stopped leveling. The more he understood about their culture, the harder it was to be one of them.
They embraced such different things than the Redfangs, than Goblins. Knightly virtues. A code of conduct. A way of fighting—ideals that Rabbiteater loved.
But he was not them. He was a Goblin, in disguise. He had no [Lord]. No [King]. No Order. He’d abandoned his Chieftain.
He’d lost his tribe, his people.
His brothers were dead, but for Badarrow.
He said these things, in ways that Talia could understand, or so he hoped. She nodded, slightly.
“…I see. You are not a [Knight]. But you gained our class. Thus…it is a strange thing. A [Knight]’s class should not be so easily bestowed. My friends?”
She looked at the other knights. One of the Summer Knights frowned, trying to scratch an itch on a knee with his elbow.
“I’ve heard something of the like, Dame Talia. But perhaps Ser Solstice fulfilled most of the requirements. So long as a man is of good character, has armor, and a cause, is he not a [Knight]? That is a question for an Autumn Knight to ask.”
The others nodded. Rabbiteater just shrugged. Perhaps Goblins had no [Lords]—at least not in the same way, so he didn’t need such things. Perhaps he was close as it got.
Did it matter? It did to Talia. It did to Rabbiteater, really. He looked into her earnest eyes as she scooted around to face him. Even bound, sitting cross-legged, there was something in her that drew him to her.
Righteousness, perhaps. Not just…arrogance. But a belief there was right and wrong. And that you could do the right thing. That was why he’d followed her across the sea. Also, because she smiled at him.
“I think, Ser Solstice, that you split hairs too easily. You may not feel yourself a knight. But if you have the class, then, Ser, you are a [Knight]. And one worthy of respect, for all we are different in many ways!”
The others murmured agreement. Rabbiteater? He laughed.
“If I take my helmet off—you will not say that.”
And then there was silence. Rabbiteater’s nerves vibrated. His heart beat. But he was tired of the lie.
Talia looked at Rabbiteater. Did she see a crimson flash of light between the visor? Perhaps not. She looked at him.
“…If, Ser Solstice, I were to judge you only by what I see, not the content of your character, I would be a poor [Knight] myself.”
So she said. He yearned to believe her. Rabbiteater just shook his head.
“Remember that. Please.”
“I have already sworn it.”
Then came the officer, and the group of [Soldiers] accompanying a [Mage]. They pointed.
“You. Come with us. Let’s get this over with.”
The first Spring Knight was hauled to their feet and marched, with some civility, to have their words and name taken and confirmed. To be ransomed. Rabbiteater closed his eyes.
“Ser Solstice. House Kallinad might ransom you along with me. I will tell the officer to do so—it is hardly an imposition.”
His eyes cracked open and hope blossomed. But only for a bit. Talia looked at Rabbiteater.
“However, Ser Solstice. Should it come to it, they will ask—is there anyone who might ransom you?”
Rabbiteater thought of a smiling young woman. A place to be safe, until it wasn’t. He closed his eyes.
“…I don’t think so. I left it behind. Can’t ask.”
He had no right to ask. He’d left them all behind to do what?
Play at being a [Knight]. Talia nodded.
“I see.”
 
—-
 
Crisis. Crisis in The Wandering Inn.
What was new? But no—seriously.
This was different.
