Interlude – Lifting Ants
Page 20
Mrsha nodded frantically behind Bird, staring up at the silent Soldiers. Anand opened and closed his mandibles.
“I do not understand you, Bird. We share a connection. But this? This is beyond a mistake.”
Bird was silent as the other [Tactician] berated him. Anand shook his head and turned.
“Anand, do not be angry at me. I am sorry.”
Bird called after Anand, sounding heartbroken as the other Worker turned. Anand swiveled back to Bird.
“I am not angry at you, Bird. No. I am, but that is not all of my feelings towards you. I…I do not know how you can be so different, Bird. Even for one of us. Is it a flaw that made you special, or are you simply exceptional?”
The [Bird Hunter] shrugged his shoulders as Anand stared at him.
“I am Bird, Anand. Why ask these questions?”
The [Tactician] shook his head.
“I must. I do not understand much. And Revalantor Klbkch—I must be worthy of his satisfaction. I am not. I am substandard, subpar. If I fail, I will be discarded. As…you were. You should not come back, Bird. I fear what Revalantor Klbkch may do if he sees you in his anger.”
The reply froze Mrsha. Did Anand mean…? Bird paused.
“You do not seem happy, Anand. You should be happy, even if I am silly and make you angry.”
“Happy?”
The other Antinium tasted the word. It was a short conversation, but Mrsha felt like they were saying more. In the air. She stared at their swaying antennae.
“I am not you, Bird. I do not know where your happiness comes from. I envy it. But I seek Revalantor Klbkch’s affection. And he—he has told me I cannot measure up to his expectations. I am defective. But I serve, until I can be replaced. That is what you, and Pawn, and the others forget. Or perhaps you have other places you fill. But I have one. And I do not fill it properly.”
The [Tactician] seemed to shrink with each word. He said each sentence more quietly than the last, until he whispered. Mrsha saw him drawing in on himself. And she felt—so sad she would have cried.
But the Antinium did not cry. They could not, except for Bird, who had learned. And he looked at Anand. They had both learned chess at the same time. They were Erin’s chess club, once. But they had changed so much. And as Bird looked down at Anand, garbed in magical armor, commanding other Antinium, a small Worker whispering about defects, he…changed.
Mrsha saw him stand taller. Which was—strange. Normally, Bird was hunched, his domed back shell letting him roll onto his back, or pluck feathers from a bird he’d shot; even when he played Erin, he was hunched over just a bit, because that was the natural shape Worker’s bodies took. He stood straight, unwavering.
When he stood like this, he seemed taller than Anand, for all they had the same body. Bird looked at Anand, who was sad, for all he walked with authority. And he spoke. To Anand, and the silent Antinium, waiting.
“Revalantor Klbkch is stupid.”
Mrsha looked up. And she felt the Hive rustle. Anand jerked. He drew back, as if Bird’s words were a physical thing, made of poison.
“Bird! There is a limit to how silly you can be. Do not say such things! If Revalantor Klbkch hears…”
“Klbkch is stupid. I have said it again. This is my opinion, Anand, and I am right. He is not right to call you ‘defective’.  He is stupid.”
Anand stared at Bird. And Mrsha looked up at Bird. The Worker stood and looked Anand in his eyes. The [Tactician]’s voice wavered, with nervousness. Fear. Indignation.
Uncertainty.
“He is the best of the Antinium.”
