Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 22
“There’s some wisdom, sir. Not that I’d turn down a Djinni as someone to chop things or haul buckets, but you know what happens if they get loose?”
Pisces nodded. Both Bearig and Cawe shuddered, a reflex Pisces found intriguing. He walked forwards a bit, so he and Bearig were closer and Cawe did likewise.
“So, Roshal as a power interferes only in matters of Djinni.”
The [Cook] nodded solemnly.
“They’re slaves as much as we are. Any nation or power in Chandrar would do the same; we only hear of Roshal because Master Igheriz is from there. Only a fool frees Djinni, Pisces. A man as desperate as the King of Destruction, or something foul like, like…Demons.”
He searched for someone evil enough to meet his criteria. Pisces was only glad he hadn’t gone for ‘[Necromancers]’ first.
Drily, the young man cast his eyes across the caravan.
“So Roshal fears Demons too, eh?”
“They send vast stores of goods and a tithe of their own to Rhir, Pisces. More than most nations.”
“Really. Is that in their oaths pledged to help Rhir? Why would that be?”
Bearig shrugged.
“I don’t think so. They support Rhir. Strongly. They fear things like…the Demon King’s Deaths. The Death of Magic has returned. So they say they can never be killed. Roshal doesn’t want them getting free any more than most. Less than most, perhaps. If the Deathless—”
“Shut up there!”
A blow came swinging in so fast from the side that Pisces barely dodged it. Bearig was clubbed and fell down, yanking Pisces low. A [Guard] snarled at the two, on edge.
“Talking about Demons next! And the D—them! Bad luck! Talk about free Djinni or Rhir one more time and I’ll lash you both!”
“And I’ll kick you in the balls for making me fall over.”
Cawe snapped at both of them, spitting sand out of her beak. Pisces sighed. He fell silent with Bearig as the man felt at his side, wincing. Instead, Pisces turned his gaze ahead to the source of all this paranoia and fear.
Azam.
It was another reminder the Djinni was a slave too—but not like them. He cared nothing for the other [Slaves], and would knock them aside. They were ants to him.
However, he was needed and Igheriz could not put him aside. After all—
They were attacked. 
A night raid, three days after the branding. It was fast, quick, and Pisces stayed in the tent throughout all of it.
To leave would have been to be prey to the [Guards] and their attackers, even if he could have levered out the peg hammered into the ground; only Azam could do that, as he was the one who drove them in.
The attack came in the middle of the night, and eight [Guards] died. The attackers came in with swords, arrows, sneaking up on the sentries, and they might have killed both caravans’ [Guards] and freed the slaves—or captured them themselves—if it weren’t for Azam.
Igheriz could fight. He had an enchanted sword, and Hrome might have been decent and his [Guards] average, but Azam tipped the scales. The Djinni strode about, killing the attackers with swift blows from his hands, ignoring their blades and arrows that bounced off his skin.
When it was over, Igheriz interrogated one of the attackers. Pisces didn’t see that either—but he heard the screams. He only heard what was said after, by Astotha, the [Slaves] who had heard the [Guards] talking.
“Merr! We received orders to free Merr! And—get the [Necromancer]! Pisces! Someone hired our boss to make the raid!”
 
—-
 
