Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 30
“Then who will do it for a battalion? You?”
Belgrade frowned, twitching his antennae slightly.
“I cannot draw. Dekass, you command them. You should draw.”
“I do not draw. I recommend Tersk.”
“I have never drawn anything except military-oriented maps.”
The three Antinium looked at each other helplessly, and then, as one, seemed to recall Artur. In a flash, Belgrade developed a true trait of command.
“Artur, you draw Crab Battalion’s new sigil. Yes. This is a good idea. I will go over here now and find something else to do.”
He hurried off, and the [Flag Bearer] stared at the flag he was holding and around at Crab Battalion. He looked around.
Draw? With what?
The Painted Antinium did have paints. Artur found some; the ‘quartermaster’ let him have some. After all, he was Antinium, and the Worker assigned to their supplies assumed he had orders. Which Artur did. So he could take anything he wanted. So he did.
He was finger-drawing a little orange crab onto a stone as a bunch of Antinium stared at him and trying to figure out if it was appropriate when he heard an argument.
“Belgrade. Belgrade. What are Battalion 3—Crab Battalion doing?”
Artur listened as Belgrade and Olesm stepped aside to talk in low voices next to him. He carefully put the flag in front of him and dipped his finger in the orange paint. Artur was so busy listening and working, he didn’t see one of the [Crusaders] in Crab Battalion edge over and dip a finger in the paint and watch Artur.
“They are sharing the food, I believe, Olesm.”
“With other battalions?”
Belgrade inspected the other [Crusaders].
“…Yes? Is this a problem?”
Artur glanced up. A lot of the [Crusaders] were offering spoonfuls of their rations to other Soldiers, who were lining up. The Liscorians were watching with fascination. Olesm made a sound.
“No, but—it’s their ration. I know it’s a virtue to share, but some of those Antinium didn’t even fight!”
Belgrade nodded reasonably.
“Yes, but it would be unfair for the others not to have a taste.”
“They can hardly share a bowl of yogurt among…six Antinium! That’s barely a mouthful each!”
“Ah, but the other Antinium would not get to experience it if it was not shared, Olesm.”
The Commander caught his breath. The blue-scaled Drake looked at Belgrade, not blankly, but thinking hard. He knew what Belgrade was getting at, but Olesm’s response surprised Artur and Belgrade.
“Perhaps that’s fairer.”
Belgrade stopped, and Artur glanced up. He saw the [Strategist]-[Leader] looking at Belgrade under the moonlight. For the first time, Belgrade looked uncertain.
“How would that be fairer? The other Antinium may never taste the yogurt again.”
“Yes, Belgrade. But Crab Battalion fought, and some of them died. That’s their reward. It’s not even much of one, but it’s theirs. That’s…the point. It’s unfair. It should be. They did something exceptional, so it’s theirs. I’m not saying they can’t share. But they don’t have to. Just…make sure they know that.”
He walked off, and Belgrade looked uncertainly at Crab Battalion. Artur ducked his head when Belgrade turned towards him, and lifted the flag.
A little, orange crab with a rocky, grey shell rose on Liscor’s standard. Artur held it high up, and later saw that little symbol appear on every member of Crab Battalion’s armor in some location over the next day. He also noticed that the yogurt didn’t get shared around as much. He never got a taste.
