Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 19
[Necromancer]. A class outlawed. He had fled her, but he told no one. Because after the horror had faded, the shock that something could exist that was so illegal to the world the young boy knew—
He had found the undead beautiful too.
That was how Pisces had first met Gewilena. It would not be the last, and in time, they would become friends. That was how he had started down the road to [Necromancy].
Her art had ended up all being destroyed. Every creation burned by the [Lord] of the manor. She had burned with them. Pisces’ fault.
Yet Gewilena’s art had never been made of people. It had been made of corpses long abandoned, animal bone. It hurt no one, he had screamed. All she had wanted was to make her art, beauty as she saw it. She had never taken a life, never harmed anyone.
Igheriz? They were not the same. There was no evil inherent in [Necromancy]. Danger, yes. But [Slavers] and [Slaves] were made of pain. It would never be the same for Pisces.
Never.
 
—-
 
He saw the key to his collar for the first time the day after offending Igheriz. Pisces stumbled in the lines of [Slaves], pain-ridden. Every time the robes brushed against the skin, he shuddered, in fury as much as pain.
Out of favor, and the [Slavers] finally treated him like the others. Blows if he wasn’t quick enough, spitting on him, at him, insults—
He had offended their precious pride by calling them monsters, and favoritism quickly flipped around. All but Hrome, who still seemed to secretly like Pisces.
One of the [Slavers] struck Pisces across the back with a long stick he liked to lash the [Slaves] with. He drew something from his neck and waved it at Pisces.
“You offended Igheriz, eh? You’ll never remove that, not without magic. And you tried to strike him? Foreigners. Didn’t know, eh? Your collar stops you hurting us. You need this if you want to make a fair fight, and I’d take you, fancy rapier or not.”
Pisces stared up at the glinting key, inset with a gem on the handle. He frowned.
No visible magic. But a key was still a key. Pisces stared at it. What curious teeth! There were two sets, in some sort of…forked prong. He couldn’t understand the mechanism by which it would open the cuffs.
Magic, not tumblers. Another reason no [Thief] would free themselves, not even Cawe. He didn’t reply as the [Guard] taunted him, merely memorized the key’s shape.
It was Igheriz who rode over and struck the [Slaver]. Hard. The man screamed and fell from his horse, clutching at his back. The [Slave Master] was in a bad mood after yesterday’s hangover and his rage against Pisces. Eloque was nowhere to be seen.
“You idiot! Wave that key about and I will break your hands and leave you in the sands, understand? Pisces. You are no longer in favor, eh? This saddens me. However, we still march in your company, so smile, smile!”
Pisces stared up at him. Igheriz grinned and spurred his horse onwards. He…still acted like they were friends. Even though Pisces was ‘out of favor’, and he expected Pisces to at least pretend to play to the part.
Madness.
No healing meant Pisces’ face and limbs were swollen and he was exhausted, trying to keep moving. It was Bearig who helped Pisces, supporting his arms. Cawe too, though mainly with encouragement.
“You idiot. Didn’t you learn to keep your mouth shut to the [Guards]? More fool you for getting branded. Cheer up. At least you’ll only lose your balls if you make him mad two more times. You don’t want to know what happens to women.”
