Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 17
“Se, Se—remember that Sand Golems are temporary by and large. They need to be filled with magic by the caster. Dust Golems too…”
“Those don’t count! We create legacies! You show me an undead that lasts a century!”
“Why don’t we fill Domehead’s Heart and calibrate him? I’ll do the forming. You bring Domehead to the practice yard.”
Femithain ushered Nsiia out of the room before she could get herself stabbed by a chisel. She walked with him, wondering if she’d actually managed to annoy him—then she heard his chuckling.
“Artificer Se has stabbed apprentices for less in her classes, Nsiia.”
“Classes?”
“Oh yes. She’s one of our [Teachers] as well as Crafters. We can do a tour on our trip—I forget you have never seen Illivere’s education systems. For now—we should complete Domehead’s activation. We are on a schedule.”
True enough. Nsiia watched Femithain take the Golem’s Heart out of the workshop, carefully transporting the glass vessel to be…
“What was that? Formed? What does that mean?”
Femithain adjusted his spectacles with his wrists as he carried the heart—although Nsiia was pretty sure she’d have trouble breaking it with a hammer.
“Ah. Forming. There are three disciplines, broadly speaking, in Golem-making. Shaping, Inscribing, and Forming. Each one is well…self-explanatory. Shapers create the Golem’s body. Inscribers, their instructions by which they move. Formers…well, it is more of a tertiary thing these days. Not truly practiced by all. I am considered the best Former in my state.”
“What is forming?”
Femithain looked uncomfortable.
“Giving a Golem it’s…being. It differs from instructions. I should explain. Domehead had thousands of commands. Intricate—sequences that allow it to raise an arm, swing the axe—that’s why we put so much time into it.”
Like I did, figuring out how to make a cat’s body move properly. Nsiia nodded. She had to create entire cycles for the Cat Golem—walking without falling on its face was an incredible task.
“Forming is different. It is giving the Golem—intention. The Steel Golems outside your room? They would only be able to follow orders if their Golem Heart was not formed. They would be Puppet-class Golems, rather than Autonomous-class.”
“More words I don’t know, Femithain.”
The Crafter-Magus blinked.
“Ah. Well—Puppet, Autonomous, Sentient, and Cognizant are the four classes of Golems. You may hear Autonomous-Sentry. The second word defines purpose. But the four designations refer to the will of a Golem. Puppet means it only obeys orders. It needs no Golem Heart, just the ability to take instructions.”
Nsiia had made a Puppet-class Golem. She nodded.
“And the other three?”
“Autonomous is most common. Actually…almost all Golems you will run into are variations of that idea. Able to take comments more or less efficiently—there is quite a lot of variation in the class. But, say, able to improvise on a comment. Not take initiative.”
“I see. Then Sentience is—”
The Magus-Crafter halted. And on his face was a look Nsiia had never seen before. A longing.
“True intelligence. No—at least the capacity for thought. Like…an animal. Or a child. There is a distinction. Cognizant-class, of which I know of less than ten in the world—those are Golems, undead, or even summoned beings that can think and act of their own will.”
Nsiia knew of one too.
“Like Cognita of Wistram?”
“Just so.”
The Magus-crafter’s spectacles moved towards her for a second, then away.
