Interlude – The Hangover After
Page 5
Another fact about the [Grand Theatre]. The room had great acoustics. Erin Solstice woke up in her room and wondered what that sound was coming from below her. She heard the rest of the sleepers on the second floor waking up in confusion.
“What’s that? Where am I?”
Olesm was lying on the floor. He raised his head as Erin stepped out of her room. She nearly went for the garden, but the sound was coming from downstairs. Erin stepped down the stairs as Lyonette came out—all three [Mages] had just hit themselves with [Deafness] spells and rolled over.
“What on earth…?”
In the early morning, The Wandering Band played. Mrsha, the heart and soul of the band, who’d obviously dragged them all together, wailed on the drums, keeping mostly to the beat.
Numbtongue and Bird were singing in the front, backed by singers and bassists, Octavia and Saliss. And it was the Hobgoblin who hit a solo riff as Erin stared.
Electricity flashed from his claws and the guitar strings. Mrsha’s fur stood up on her body, and the guitar screamed, like no instrument in this world ever had before. Saliss grinned as he played the bass.
“Yeah! This is music! Have you heard the Queen of Pop?”
The impromptu concert was shaking the dishes on the tables. Erin put her hands to her head.
She still had a hangover, by the way. She stared at the Hobgoblin as he spotted her. He grinned. And Erin, loving, caring, seeing her family having fun with some cool people…shouted.
“In the Garden! Not here!”
The music came to a halt. The band stared at the angry mom. Erin was in no mood for it.
“Out! Garden!”
“Wow. What a jerk.”
Saliss sniffed. Erin turned bloodshot eyes on him. Then she stomped upstairs and went back to sleep.
 
—-
 
This was the band of legends. And even if they had to play in the garden, it was alright. They had instruments, space, a potion of talent—
And the music. Heck, with four people who could sing, they could even play Bohemian Rhapsody.
If Erin had taught Numbtongue that. She had not. But the band played in the Garden, and when the rest of the inn was on their feet, they found the band was still playing.
In the rain. Or rather, watching it come down. It was drizzling outside. And the rain poured down through the opening in the dome. The band stood next to the downpour, as it wet the hilltop with the Sage’s Grass.
“Huh. They’re good.”
Erin stared as she sipped from a cup of hangover tea. And indeed, a crowd had come down to watch the after-show performance.
The extra bit. Beza, Montressa, and Palt. Lyonette, Olesm. And Wailant and Viceria, who’d been too soused to even get to their home. And they watched him.
“Damn, but that Hobgoblin can play. What’s with the lightning?”
Wailant was enjoying the music. Numbtongue was in rare form. And the [Lightning Chords] were sending jolts of lightning all over the place.
A…lot of jolts. Erin felt something stirring in the inn. She stared.
“Whoa.”
The [Bard] was playing faster, in a solo. And Erin felt a charge in the air. She stared up at the sky, looked at the lightning filling the air. She had never seen Numbtongue conjure so many bolts of electricity. But then she sensed something building—
“He’s not going to—”
Lyonette murmured. Saliss looked up as the skies sparked.
“Huh.”
And he moved as a bolt of lightning shot down through the opening in the Garden of Sanctuary’s dome. The Named Adventurer dropped his guitar, reached into his bag of holding, and drew a bottle in a moment.
He threw the bottle before the lightning bolt struck. Mrsha saw the glass jar flash through the air. And the bolt of lightning twist. Touch—
