Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 45
Ziozem’s state had surrendered rather than lose their Golem when the outcome was obvious. It was a smart move, but more than that—Domehead had emerged without a scratch. Every state had time to repair their Golem, but the shining armor of their Golem led Dellva’s people to cheer wildly. Even the other states were applauding the show of superior Inscription.
 
—-
 
The Testing continued. And Nsiia found something interesting happening.
She did not care for Golems. Or admire them like Illivere’s people did. But she found herself cheering for Domehead. She cared for him more than any other Golem.
Despite him just following commands, with no notion of victory or defeat. It was as the poem Femithain had written had said:
Yet the satisfaction, aye, that may be it all.
She felt as if the Golem was enjoying the task to which it had been made. Armsmaster Dellic was cheering for the Golem which carried his buckler in it. A heart.
And it was clear—to Nsiia, at least—that Domehead’s opponent would be Hammera. They were the two best Golems. The others weren’t as fast, powerful, or adaptive as the other two.
As the states clashed, all the Golems took ‘injuries’. Nsiia was heartened when a careless swing got Hammera a crushing blow across her shoulder. It was repaired by the next bout, but it was a weak point.
Then Domehead took a spear to the knee. She groaned and Femithain and half the Crafters ran down to check on him. They came back reporting the damage was fixed—but it was still a structural weakness.
“Elbe might tell Hammera to go for the knees. Adapt her attack routine. We should counter.”
“They might not. Leave Domehead his instructions. Adjusting them now will only ruin it. He has two sets of command lines. Even Hammera can’t adapt like he can.”
Femithain overrode the other’s objections. He was nervous as the last two Golems lined up for the finals. Before the horn blew, he was leaning forwards, hands on his knees. Yinah meowed as she kept nuzzling him. Possibly to reassure him it would be well, win or lose and that he’d done his best. Possibly for an ear-scratching.
Nsiia had given Yinah some intelligence, but cats were cats. She herself was leaning forwards, watching the two Golems go through their pre-fight ‘showoff’ routines. Domehead showed no signs of limping, and Hammera’s arm seemed fine.
It might be just an act. But as the horns blew and both Golems charged—Nsiia found herself cheering.
“Go, Domehead!”
The two met in a clash. Hammera’s maul swing, and Domehead’s axe hit it along the haft. Neither had stopped their swing! The impact tore the air. And Hammera—stumbled!
“It got a superior rotation! It swung first!”
Se was leaping up and down. Domehead had calculated the velocity and swung faster than Hammera, even with her magicore acceleration. So far more momentum had been behind his blow! Elbe’s stand were going insane as Domehead swung his axe up. Hammera swung and he stepped back.
Perfect positioning. Nsiia had stopped breathing to watch. Look how smoothly Domehead calculated the strike! He placed an axe blow on Hammera’s chest, her weak point. She deflected the axe, once, twice, but her arm was moving a tiny bit too slowly! And the maul was too heavy! Dellic was screaming the same thing!
“You made it too heavy! Get them, Domehead!”
Domehead raised his axe as Hammera struggled to bring her weapon up to guard. He swung it down, burying the head in the body—
And the battleaxe snapped at the haft.
The wild cheering from around Nsiia stopped. Dellva’s representatives saw Domehead back up. He swung the broken haft, and then froze.
