Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 0

“We have a new enemy. A name, among the countless species. Magnolia Reinhart.”
Xrn spoke calmly to the images of the assembled Queens. Her voice was controlled, but her eyes belied her true state. Darkness crossed each of the colors. Black fury.
Klbkch stood by Xrn’s side. Marveling. Not at her, or the unrest of the other Queens. Xrn was calm.
No—he was simply astounded by a new kind of war. One with not a single drop of blood spilled, but had done more damage than even a hundred [Siege Fireballs] might. That woman—that [Lady] had reached into the Hive and unearthed terrible secrets. Their numbers, their fortifications, the true extent of the Free Antinium’s Hive. The tunnel leading south—
Everything. And she had managed it because the [Ladies] fought in ways that drew not blood you could see. But Klbkch, a master of blades, felt cut.
“What will happen next, Xrn? You assured me your presence would bring only benefit to the Hives.”
The Grand Queen snapped. Xrn leaned on her staff.
“We must take precautions, see what the Drake’s response will be, my Queen. And mark her. Like Zel Shivertail, I ask that the Hives agree to designate Magnolia Reinhart an entity of maximum threat.”
The Queens stirred. But none objected. The Silent Queen spoke, thoughtfully.
“So she is among my Hive’s targets if we go to war.”
The Silent Antinium, including Xeu, moved slightly. Their targets were marked across Izril.
“Do you object, my Queen?”
Xrn bowed. The Silent Queen raised one feeler.
“No. It shall be done. The Silent Antinium agree.”
“That woman withstood two of our Centenium. The Armored Antinium designate her a threat, in the past and now. Let this Magnolia Reinhart never rally to the Drake’s defense a third time. We agree.”
The Armored Queen turned her massive head. The Flying Queen, smaller, rubbed her feelers together anxiously; her Hive rustled around her, mirroring her mood.
“What strange classes, [Ladies] are. To use such Skills. Can she employ such in war?”
“If. She can. Wrymvr will slay. Her.”
The Twisted Queen’s halting speech was last of all. Klbkch saw her turn towards him, looking past the Free Queen.
“Klbkchhezeim. Wrymvr wishes. To speak to you. It would please the Twisted. Antinium. For you to visit.”
Xrn’s head rose. She looked at Klbkch, cautiously. The other Antinium folded his arms.
Wrymvr of the Centenium. Wrymvr the Deathless, the other races named him. And his name was most fitting of all the Centenium they had met. Xrn wanted to speak, but she held her voice.
And Klbkch bowed.
“It may be suitable, Twisted Queen. I can make no promises.”
“Then it is agreed. Magnolia Reinhart is marked. Now tell me Xrn. How were you unable to stop this…[Druid]? We encountered that class seldom. Speak. And what will happen to the Free Antinium now? Are we…”
The Grand Queen spoke impatiently, and the Queens debated. And elsewhere in Izril, the Walled Cities were in conference. Arguing, trying to understand both the information they had been given and why they had been given it.
Magnolia Reinhart of the Five Families. An enemy of the Drakes—or rather, her family had been. An ally?
There was a party scheduled in Oteslia soon. And suddenly—it was even more important than it had been. People marveled. At Magnolia Reinhart’s information network, the audacity of her move, to confront Antinium directly, at the unnerving actions of the Antinium—even distant figures like the Blighted King paid attention to an old foe.
Look at her, Magnolia Reinhart. And that dress. Fashion and spectacle and treachery and Skill.
