Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 27
“The originating member of the triangle in Pallass knew someone in Oteslia who joined before she did. As far as I can tell…the Golden Triangle has roots in the Walled Cities. Everyone points to that. But Oteslia or another Walled City—I don’t know which. Not Pallass.”
“We shall uncover that. It’s enough to go on. Stay here. I need to address this situation. Now.”
Palt did. The Watch Captains came hurrying into the room, panting. The [Senators] soon thereafter. When Grand Strategist Chaldion summoned them, they came.
“This is the situation. There is a trick at work in Pallass—The Golden Triangle. Some of you may be aware of it. I do not care. It is a scam, meant to take money and then collapse. On my authority as Grand Strategist, I demand it end. Today.”
They argued, of course. Two of the [Senators] had given funds to it. High-ranking members of Pallass had too! How was he certain—Chaldion shouted at them until the [Healer] made him quiet down.
That was the scam. The brilliance of it. You didn’t know for certain it was a scam. And so long as you could cling to that, you were ensnared. It took force of will, experience, or just a streak of pessimism as deep as Chaldion’s to believe.
And he did. Chaldion did not play games. Within twenty minutes, the Watch Captains were sending their [Guards] after the people Palt had interviewed. The Assembly would be addressed by Magus Grimalkin and the nature of the scam hammered into their brains. Chaldion had sent a priority-[Message] to the other Walled Cities and incredulity was already flooding in.
Palt stood there, listening, explaining for Chaldion when the old Drake grew tired. Saliss poked his head into the clinic and no one stopped him. He listened—and believed quickly too. Pessimism ran in the family.
Trouble emerged when the numbers started coming in. Chaldion looked up.
“…How many are part of the Golden Triangle?”
“Sir. I was just on the 6th floor and did a quick headcount. Even just the [Guards] and people I talked to—that’s already three thousand and counting. It wasn’t even the entire 6th.”
Watch Captain Venim’s face was pale. Palt did the math. Even if they all gave the bare minimum, that was already 1,500 gold pieces in circulation. And he just bet they’d given more. If you assumed all 9 floors had that at a minimum—and that was just a sparse headcount…
“Pallass might have as many as 50,000 people at least. The numbers could be double, triple that or even higher. Which would mean at least 25,000 gold pieces in this fraud. Again—the number could be exponentially higher.”
Chaldion nodded tightly.
“Arrest the largest members of the Golden Triangle. And issue a warning that no money is to be given out! Tell the Mage’s Guild they are to refuse any transactions of that nature.”
“Sir, the Mage’s Guild is autonomous—”
The Drake slapped the armrest of his magical bed.
“Do it. Or I will arrest every [Mage] in the damned Guilds! What is Wistram doing?”
“Perhaps if Pallass were to issue an official complaint, sir?”
Chaldion glared at Palt. But he exhaled.
“I will draft one. Perhaps that will lead the Academy to act as well as your faction?”
The Elusive Lot might have planned this very occurrence. Palt felt a shiver. Chaldion was a trusted voice. He nodded.
“I assume so, Grand Strategist. However—”
“Grand Strategist!”
A [Guard] raced towards the clinic. He was nearly thrown back by the security in front of it.
“Allow him to enter! What is it?”
Chaldion looked up. The [Guard] was pale-faced. Palt felt an uneasy stir on his neck.
