Interlude – Two Rats
Page 34
The Gnolls jerked and Lism turned a disbelieving head. Calruz looked around. And his gaze passed from Gnoll to Drake. From hatred to disgust. And then to Erin. And she shuddered. Because she had not visited him either. She could not. Calruz only nodded at her.
He stood then, proudly, the Minotaur in a cage, facing Gnolls, Drakes, a half-Elf, and a few Humans.
“I will not run from my crimes. I say, execute me and don’t look back. I understand this election is about my guilt. So. Let me say that I will embrace that fate. Do as you will.”
He spread his arm. And all of them, Gnolls, Drakes, Erin, and Zevara, all looked at him. Because they had not expected this. Calruz went on, his eyes burning
“But let me die as a Minotaur dies. Give me a weapon. Any weapon! And give me an honorable death. I will cut my way through the heart of the city in the dungeon, or die fighting one of those Rock Crabs. Or—”
He paused. Ceria was there of course, standing near the back. As soon as she’d heard Calruz’s name, in fact. He looked at her and bowed.
“It would be an honor to die fighting a friend willing to look me in the eye.”
She couldn’t. Not then and there. Yvlon could, and her gaze was stony. Pisces’ almost sympathetic. Ksmvr was scratching his antennae. The Gnolls growled. Elirr, who had been on Mrsha’s side, had no love for Calruz. He nearly howled as he turned on Calruz, snarling.
“You speak of honor? You? The thing I met leading the Raskghar had none. How dare you demand the way you die now?”
Calruz faced him. And Elirr’s fury washed over the Minotaur’s calm face. His voice. And that quieted Elirr. No—it quieted everyone who was present, Erin included. Because she had been there, the day they’d fought the Raskghar. And the Minotaur of now was not the savage, wild war chief of the Raskghar of then. Calruz dipped his head.
“I do not demand it, sir. I only ask for it. I am aware it is not my right. But I will say this: the Gnolls and Drakes that sought to kill me this night abandoned their honor. For vengeance, they did it. But if there is one thing I have learned, it is that there is no excuse for anything less than honor. I ask for it now. Not for my sake, but yours.”
His gaze swept the crowd. Lism spat on the ground.
“Then tell me, Minotaur. Do you claim that you didn’t commit those crimes? Lead the Raskghar? Slaughter innocent Gnolls and attack your own team? Because if you’re innocent, why not plead for your life? If you’re guilty, you could do us all a favor and bash your head in against a wall.”
Calruz paused. He replied slowly.
“I remember. And I do not.  But I know enough. Sir Drake, I only know how I wish to die. If the city wills it, bring the [Executioner]. Bring a noose. Or simply fill a pit with me inside. Feed me to Shield Spiders. If that would give you peace, do it. Otherwise, let us both remember honor. I forgot mine down there. I will never forget it again.”
He paused. And Lism opened his mouth, closed it. Glaring. Because Calruz’s words were an echo of his own. Only, the Minotaur said them with an unwavering gaze.
“It doesn’t matter. If magic doesn’t find him guilty, how long do we keep him here? A month? A year? Ten years? How long is enough?”
Raekea snapped at Zevara. And the Watch Captain glared. Erin stepped into that. She turned on the [Armorer].
“Until we’re certain, Raekea. Or is it okay to kill someone if there’s even a sliver of doubt they might be innocent?”
“Even if we know he’s committed the crimes?”
“If someone cast a spell on you, or used a Skill, would it be your fault?”
